Vf ^ ^ ^ '“^ ,n * I • *5 ■>*■ '»■!*' 1, " '^ I, I 1 y h
/4i
^WJFf"
^ J-'vr ^
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair and warmer today; tomorrow increasing cloudiness and warmer.
Purdue Exponent
g-i«f
THiniSDAr Mardi % 1939 Lafayette, Indiana Vol.50 No. 127
Dr. J. E. Walters Explains Painting For Pleasure ^ “If yo^ are interested in having or developing a leisure activity, select three or four, and then find out all you can about each one. That is the only way you can find the one for which ^ you are best suited,” said Dr. J. E. Walters, Personnel head, last night, during his informal talk in the Union before local art 4 enthusiasts. The talk was the first in a series of lectures Sponsored by the PIA on art, literature, music, and travel. “Some creative work is necessary
Graduate Student Disappears Monday Henry W. Tipps, Sci. '37, a graduate student and part time assistant in the physics department, has been missing from his home since last Monday night. Tipps left his rooming house at 6 o’clock and has not been heard from since. Tuesday evening, a fellow roomer notified the police of Tipp’s absence. Tipps was reported to have been brooding for some time for an unknown cause.
Sears Talks At Florists' Dinner
Historian Speaks
i for good mental health,” he continued. During the course of his talk Dr. Walters sketched his ideas of good art on his home made easel. Uses Own Examples Throughout the evening he used his paintings, which were on exhibit in the music room, as examples of the different things that should and should not be done in art. “The works are not displayed as art but as the result of painting for pleasure. “The amateur painter is too apt to paint just what he sees. As Whistler said ‘nature is always wrong.’ You should look at it and develop it. Look at the sky standing on your head. That is the way to see the colors in their right hues and shades,” he said. Dr. Walters’ paintiijg will be on display in the Union music room until Saturday, March 4. Freshman Activities Bureau Workers To Begin Toiling Today Thirty freshmen responded to the ( activity bureau’s call for workers yesterday afternoon and filled the frosh bureau register for this semester. They were addressed by Leon ' Jacobson, manager of the activities bureau, on the importance of getting around and meeting the people engaged in the various activities. He also outlined the bureau’s program for the coming year. Committees under the junior activity workers, Althea Jorgeson, G. Baker, D. Smith, C. Lutz, and W. Breuer, will start work today. The freshmen are to report to the bureau office to get their assignments. Sophomore petitions for the junior election, to be held just after the spring vacation, must be in by Saturday. Custodian Supervisors To Confer Here Next Week School Custodian Supervisors of Indiana will convene on the campus, Wednesday, March 8 for their annual meeting. George Bush, custodian counselor, is in charge of the meeting. Prof. Ammon Swope, W. Knight, and Henry Abbett will speak during the one day conference. Dairy Banquet Tonight Regular and short course dairy students will be entertained tonight at a Dairy Carnival, sponsored by the Dairy Club. The carnival will be held in the Dairy Building and will begin at 7:16 p. m. In former years the Dairy Club has sponsored an annual banquet, but has turned to the more informal carnival this year. Benna Loses Chicago Bout Chicago, 111., March 1—(Special) —Joe Benna, middleweight Golden Gloves representative from Lafayette, Ind., whipped Don Piehl, Kenosha, Wis., in a fast bout here tonight in the third round of the Chicago Tournament of Champions. It was his third straight triumph in the tournament.
Dean Hudson Will Play For Saturday Mixer Dean Hudson and his popular swing band from West Palm Beach, Fla., will play for the regular mixer Saturday night from nine till mid-
night.
Besides attaining wide popularity in the southern states, Hudson’s organization has been featured over the coast-to-coast hookup of the Mutual Broadcasting System from station WOR in New York, N. Y. Hudson has played several engagements at Dartmouth, as well as for Proms at Harvard, Bowdoin, Washington and Lee, Duke, William and Mary, and several other colleges and universities of the East and the South. He has also had engagements on the west coast, among them being a long stay at the swanky Beverly Hills Country Club. Stewart To Speak At Music Appreciation Program Tomorrow “History and Development of the Piano as a Modern Musical Instrument” will be the subject of Controller R. B. Stewart’s talk at the first music appreciation hour program next Thursday night at 7:30 in the music room of the Union. This will be the first of a new series of programs under the direction of Thais Crepps and John Richardson, Union vice-presidents in charge of music room activities. These music appreciation hours will be given at intervals of two or three weeks, and subject matter will vary. Mr. Stewart will have three assistants who will dismantle pianos and put them together again in order to demonstrate points of his
talk.
Education Plans Feature Today's Forum Discussion “The Educated Man of the 20th Century” and the respective plans of education of Purdue and the University of Chicago will be the topics of discussion in a forum discussion to be held in room nine of the Education Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Two Purdue University students. Bob Spitzer and Margaret Jones and two University of Chicago students, Webb Fiser and Byron Kabot, will participate. The forum is open to the public and students are invited to attend.
Maestro Dean Hudson WSGA Board Announces Two Frosh Represenfaties June Close, HE ’42, and Mary Ruth Craig, HE ’42, were chosen to represent freshman women on the WSGA Executive Bjoard at last evening’s regular weekly meeting of the board after a three-way tie had deadlocked the election at last week’s mass meeting. The two girls chosen will serve on the board all through the com-
ing semester.
Cue Artists To Vie For Peterson Award In Union Tonight Winners in the six preliminary straight rail billiard tournaments just concluded will begin play this evening at 7 o’clock in the Union billiard room to determine the winner of the Charles C. Peterson Gold Medal, presented annually to Purdue’s best billiard player. This deciding tournament will be played in the red-ball game, at which Peterson is the present world’s title holder. Each of the six will play all of the others in 26 point games. The players are M. H. Ingleman, P. H. Weisman, Don Forbes, R. E. Vanderbilt, E. M. Golonka, and J. Smal-
ley.
Prof. L. M. Sears, history, government, and economics department, spoke last evening at the Florists’ Banquet on “Attitudes of People to Foreign Relationship.” ^ WPA Recreation Course To Start Today Early registrants for the second annual three-week intensive recreation course, planned in cooperation with the WPA recreation division, started arriving yesterday from all parts of the state here at the University. Actual class work will be launched this morning to continue through Tuesday, March 21. The three week session will be formally launched this morning with brief addresses of welcome from Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president; Prof. R. G. Dukes, dean of the graduate school; Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology; Charles Deets, Lafayette district WPA director, and Quentin Hartke, Indianapolis, state WPA recreational director. Exponent Workers Notke There will be a very important meeting of all workers on the Exponent’s editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs next Wednesday afternoon, March 8, at 4:16 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Editor Harris Stanback urges aH staff members to attend. Sigma Phi Epsilon... . .. announces the additional pledging of Prank K. Mitchell, Indianapolis; Gerard P. Deyerling, South Bend; James W. Orton, Dayton, 0.; Joe E. White, Dayton, 0.; Calvin Field, Northfield, Mass.
Twelfth Annual Conference Ends Tonight With Floral Musical In Eliza Fowler Hall “Nothing would be worse than to fight on our own land!” explained Prof. L. M. Sears of the government, history, and economics department, as he presented the principal address at the banquet of the twelfth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference in the Union last night. “It is preposterous to believe that our power lies in our air force rather than battleships, because it is the latter that wards off other nations,” continued the professor as he graciously won over the enthusiastic audience. Summarizing, he stated that we must overthrow our radical ideas and be sensible.
Toastmaster Prof. L. Greene, head of the horticultural department, introduced the guests, among whom were President E. C. Elliott, Assistant to the President Prof. P. C. Hockema, Prof. T. A. Coleman, Arthur H. Watson, H. G. Reed, Dr. C.
T. Gregory and others.
Today’s program will start at 8:30 a. m. in room 117 of the Horticultural Building with A. H. Watson of the Purdue public relations committee as chairman and will present Lynn Robertson, and James Sykora, who are the speakers, i^rof. E. ” Honeywell of the horticultural
Ballroom Tea Dance Attrads 100 Couples Approximately 100 couples attended yesterday afternoon’s Unionsponsored tea danf e. The dance was held in the Union ballroom and the music was furnished by “name” orchestra recordings. Student Union officials indicated last night that the improved attendance shown at yesterday’s dance warrants their continuance. It is expected that future tea dances will be held on alternate Tuesdays. Peoria Alumnus Receives lllinois-ldwa Power Post Ray P. Palmblade, ME ’12, manager of the street railway system in Peoria, 111., for several years, has been promoted to the position of assistant to Vice President A. C. Hall of the Illinois-Iowa Power Company. For the present Palmblade plans to maintain his residence in Peoria. The vice-president’s office has supervision of all Illinois-Iowa Power Company properties in the state of
Illinois.
Frosh Play Saturday^ Rebroadcast Game A rebroadcast of the Purdue-Ohio State basketball game this Saturday night will be held in the Fieldhouse and will fie open to the general public. The evening’s activities will be launched at 6:46 o’clock with the first half of an interfreshman basketball game. The rebroadcast of the first half of the Purdue-Ohio State game will follow immediately after the first half of the freshman
game.
In between halves of the varsity game at Columbus, the freshmen will complete their hardwood battle, with the final half of the Boilermak-er-Buckeye game to follow immediately over the loud speakers. Delta Upsildn... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of John W. Chester, Valparaiso; Robert C. Henderson, Wells Martin, and Roscoe B. Starek, Chicago, 111.
History Gives No Clue To Plans For Junior Prom
Chicago, IlL, (Special)—^Joe Benna, Lafayete middleweight, was eliminated from the Golden Gloves tourney here tonight, losing a hard three-round decision fight, in his second contest of the evening.
By Jim McKee With people still waiting to learn the identity of the band and plans for this year’s Junior Prom, let’s take a look into the past and see just what was done in earlier years of Juruor Prom history. It all started back in 1906. The junior class was interested in having some social function other than the regular class banquets. A dance was decided upon, to be held in the Engineering Hall. March 6 was set aside for the date. And from what we can gather from the two 1905 Exponent articles, the dance wasn’t closed to underclassmen. Very little was said about the dance. One article appeared in the weekly Exponent annoimcing the affair. “No effort is being spared to make this the most pronounced social success in the history of the institution. It is learned that the highest social rank of this city and
neighboring cities will be represented,” the article stated. The following week there appeared an editorial congratulating the committee for their work, and the success of the event. 100 Tickets Sold One hundred tickets were put on sale for this first dance. Each year it has grown in size. Two years after the inaugural prom the^dance was again held in Engineering Hall, in the senior drawing room. “The senior drawing room was a sight to please the most fastidious eyes. 'The air was heavy with the perfume of the good time it held in store.” To such tunes as “When Knighthood Was in Flower” couples danced from 9 to 4 o’clock. Miss Prudence Jackson and O. M. Bacocg led the grand march. The following year Ikjliss Jackson again led the grand march, this time with O. 6. Fifield. As far as we can find. Miss Jackson
is the only person so singularly honored. Two days before the dance the following notice appeared in the Exponent: “Have you made your date for the Junior Prom yet? Have you?” ^ Swezey Led In 1912 /L^t’s skip down to the pre-war Prom of 1912. Burr Swezey, presmit president of the University Alumni Association, led the grand march. Refreshment that year included deviled ham sandwiches, chicken salad, pickles and olives, coffee and punch, pineapple ice, and cake. During the war, Proms were more or less informal. In 1918 taxis, the flowers, tuxes, and refreshments were frowned upon. A contest was held for the best original musical composition. “Foxing the Profs,” by K. W. Hufltoe, was the winning munber. Other hits of the dance were “Kiss Me” and “That Wild,
Wild Woman.” “Purdue Union” Wins In 1920 In 1920 the idea of the orignal numbers was continued. That year “Purdue Union” was the winning number. For the first time a co-ed. Miss Mary Praten, was committee* chairman. A 20-page Exponent was printed for the occasion. Ten years ago, for the first time, tilvo orchestras were signed, Bobby Meeker’s band and Cato’s Vagabonds. And for the first time the attendance reached the 600 mark. Coming up to the present time we find such orchestras as Ben Pollack, in 1933; Hal Kemp, in 1934; Kay Kyser, in 1935; Benny Goodman, in 1936; and Don Bestor, in 1937. Last year the committee returned to the two band Prom. Buddy Rogers played in the ballroom and the orchestra of Charlie Agnew in the
cafeteria.
Who will play this year?
R.
department will introduce six other speakers for the afternoon program. Tonight the Floral Musical will be staged in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30. The program which has been arranged by Prof. E. R. Honeywell and A. P. Stewart is held annually in connection with the State Florists’ Conference. The Glee Club and Concert Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish the music. The program is open to the public. There will be no admission charge. Dean F. I. Goldsmith Attends High School Guidance Meeting Dean F. I. Goldsmith, assistant Dean of Men, returned yesterday after attending a two-day High School Guidance Conference held in Park and Vermillion counties. The conferences are being sponsored by the different colleges and universities of the state. Seven schools were represented at the conference held at Clinton and Rockville. Mr. Clarence Dammon, director of admission for the University, is in charge of the University’s part in the conferences. PaftersonsToGive Puppet Show Today “The Willow Tree,” a puppet show, will be sponsored by YWCA and presented by Dr. D. H. Patterson, modern language department, at 4 o’clock this afternoon in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. The play centers aroimd the love story pictured on the popular blue and white china “Willow Ware” plates. Dr. Patterson is interested in designing puppet shows and building his own theaters for children and adults. In preparation for his different plays. Dr. Patterson and his wife have made and dressed 40 puppets. The chairman in charge of the meeting, Martha Baker, announces that all co-eds are invited. Fans Honor Tom Dickinson Monday At Maroon Game Monday night will be “Dickinson Night” by Riveter fans as Purdue plays host to Chicag;o to 'vyind up the Boilermakers’ Big Ten basketball season. The speedy guard to be honored on this occasion has ydayed consistently good baU all season and has been a ^arkplug in the Boilermaker defense. Letter awards will be announced Tuesday night, March 7, when the entire squad will be feted at the annual Lions’ Club banquet.- “^ , i ^ •• /j|£j -=ii
£diJifdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-siaJtuJiiiA,
Thursday, March 2,1939
Tuesday's Teaching Forum... . . . brought out several definite points and suggested many more. Attendance was found to be composed of two-thirds faculty members and only one-third students. The teachers present had come to find out what, if any, are the student objections to present teaching conditions. When the forum ended at 9 p. m. the teachers agreed on one point.. . they believed that the students present had pulled their punches. Perhaps that was true, but so far as we’re concerned we have no punches of the sort they expected. The faculty members seemed anxious to hear particular gripes. About the only gripes we had to air concerned the unduly large number of laboratory reports engineers are asked to produce, the difficulty of arranging a satisfactory program of electives, and the unfriendly attitudes which exist between teachers and students, causing the “stereotyped graduates” objections. If we were to get down to particular teachers and particular courses we could complain about the civil engineering school’s alleged trick of giving seniors D’s in required courses to delay graduation when the particular seniors were behind in hours of B. We could complain about an electrical engineering professor who threatened to flunk his students right and left because they wouldn’t take him or his course seriously, a mechanical engineering teacher who is notorious in allowing students to cheat, teachers in chemical engineering school who give the same problems on tests this year as last, an incapable teacher in the math department. We might kick about many instructors who grade upperclassmen down for cutting classes, about dozens of courses that are ineffective and need revision. We could squawk about engineering quizzes that require well-oiled slide rules with speed demon operators for passing grades. We could cite many teachers who have become unpopular with students for different reasons. Publicizing all these cases would get us nowhere, however. Instead we wish to encourage improvement in all departments, and to make general suggestions which might apply to all courses. One Suggestion ... . . . made during the forum Tuesday night received both student and faculty approval. That suggestion was to have every course taught in the University outlined and described at length in order that students may have some guide in choosing electives. Each description would be typewritten and occupy about one page. These pages would be posted in the offices of the different schools and de-
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1817, authoriseed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic >ear and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R. R. Hensler
Editor Associate Editors.^
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — L. S. Hardin City Editor. Jl. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. G. Houston, K E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager...._ M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager. - — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager .W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
.R. L. McDonald J, A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6083
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RBPRBfiENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison ave. New Yohk, N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston ' Los Anoclcs - SAN Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Miers Thursday, March 2, 1939
BCPO.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
partments and would be available in the Armory at registration. We had suggested this in an editorial February 18, and learned during the forum that it had been proposed several years ago but had never been accomplished. Since there is undoubtedly no time like the present we now advocate that the Student Senate consider the matter with the idea of submitting it to the faculty if desirable. Good Teacher... . . . articles will begin to appear in the Exponent within the next week. None of the teachers interviewed last year will be chosen again this year . . . instead we will attempt to cover the abilities and characteristics of more of Purdue’s Good Teachers, carrying on with the program started last year.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis
822 Main
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT 7:00 P. M. P. M. Allen, Instructor Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Remember the two traveling salesmen who spent last Saturday night in the farmer’s haystack ? ? They weren’t salesmen . . . they weren’t Phi Kappa pledges ... but they wep® little boys from the Pi Kappa Alpha house . . . names a secret but here’s their initials AL HUNT and BILL RISLEY . . . nothing unusual for a Purdue ed to wake up on a Sunday morning with hayseeds falling out of his hair . . .
Still adding dots and dashes with lots of flashes... the stranger in the LIBBY FUNSETT mystery affair has at last taken one last desperate plunge . . . out of seclusion of a phone booth to show his beaming face and true identity ... must have taken lots of nerve for JAMES DAVID HOFFMAN to say “How about a show, babe?” Wonder if he really wanted to see the show . . . well, LIBBY??
We told you so . . . MARGE STOCKER is finally toting around DICK McGHEE’S Belt pin . . . and it’s the jeweled president’s pin. The jewels come in handy for pawning . . . funny thing, his parents dropping in for a short visit the same time of the merging . . . how does Pop like the idea, DICK ? ... strange these men’s men who say they’ll never give out their pin, never be made a fish by any dame, never fall for the smooth old line of co-eds . . . guess BOB BUCK . . . Buckeroo . . . has finally fallen off his high pedestal and planked his Phi Gam pin on JEANETTE KLITZKA . . . which makes BOB eligible and uncontended for Pish of the Week.
Here’s for more and more student tea dances . . . the one yesterday proved student enthusiasm . . . but let’s fill the place with co-eds and eds ... not quite so many high school jiterbugs . . . M. C. SULLY did alright with one of his now famous cracks when he dedicated “I Hadn’t Anyone Till You” to the line of Purdue co-eds . . . fine thing . . . what about dedicating “You’re the Tops” to SULLY?? Remember . . . it’s only a line, my friend.
As a last minute thought—DICK McGHEE . . . Debris shot . . . has decided to buy a car by adding 60 cents to every book that sells after Friday . . . who says we’re going to give good half-rocks for the charity fun of good old DICK.
T suppose a less expensive car would do just as well, but I can’t go around showing your bankbook to the neighbors.” ^
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main stieet.
STARTS TODAY
. DRESS CORRECTLY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories — all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST.
WHO FIOHT FOR EMPIRE EN WHO FIGHT FOR LOVE A cavalcade of conquest in the perilous land beyond theKhyber Pass. Vivid in Technicolor I
p DRUMS
SABU RAYMOND MASSEY VALERIE HOBSON■ •> >
Thursday. March 2.1932
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
Wrestling, Swimming Team To Meet Formidable Foes Tomorrow Afternoon Two hoime attractions will be on tap for Purdue athletics followers tomorroAAr, with both wrestling and swimming teams slated to face formidable foes.
Coach Claude Reedk’s wrestlers will launch the day’s activities at four o’clock in the aft,ernoon as they go to the mat with Kent State’s team, which has lost only one encounter . so far this year and will be out for their eighth victory of the season. Three interstate champions, who helped Kent to the Ohio domination last year, should give the Boilermakers a real warm up for the coming Big Ten tournament, according to Reeck. Tinmen Meet Michigan State Also looking forward to the coming Big Ten competition, Coach Larry LaBree’s swimmers will meet the Michigan State squad in the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow evening at 7:30 ' o’clock.
With the sick list decreasing, the Boilermakers’ hopes seem brighter to revenge the defeat suffered at the last encounter of the two squads two seasons ago. Chief hopes in the Boilermaker bid for victory will be Tuxworthy, Lahey, Graham, and Siler. Silver Mask.. . ... fencing honorary, announces the pledging of D. S. Harden of Detroit, Mich.; E. P. Senk, of Chicago, 111.; S. D. Weldy of Noblesville; I. Soloff of South Bend; R. Glasser of Chicago, 111.; W. C. DuBroff of Chicago; W. J. Pitcher of Da3rton, 0.; and E. A. Wegener of Oak Park, 111.
Hot Cross Buns
A sure sign of the Easter season-—delicious, .. crispy, hot cross buns — a treat in themselves. Order a dozen today for dinner. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. 1.
Phone 3852
A GOOD BED After a Long Ride Pleases Every Traveler • Your guests will appreciate your thoughtfulness if you make reservations. THE UNION CLUB beds have scientifically designed inner-coil, spring matresses in ♦ . ♦ JAe. iPtUiduiL TI/hmshiaL lAnmvL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
psddaJik
Benna Garners
By Bruce Witwer We have at last uncovered the truth about Monday night’s game with Indiana, here’s why we won . . superior intellect... Piggy Lambert has a ihaster’s degreb in chemistry while Indiana’s mentor. Branch McCracken, had to be tutored through chemistry . . . that’s the explanation of “Doc” Hunt, physical chemistry bugaboo of the Chemicals. —^fc— Purdue’s basketball men have usually seemed to suffer a relapse as they leave the home fold to do battle on some foreign floor . . . last year the two Big Ten defeats of the season were suffered while the Boilermakers were guests in the Illinois and Ohio State camps. —fe— This year we have played five of our games away from home and have dropped four of them . then we have won all five home games . . . evidently we have a crew of home lovers in our midst... it has taken two week-ends of out of town traveling to give Purdue its four losses . . . on Saturday January 14 Iowa beat us at Iowa City and Indiana added another defeat at Bloomington on Monday ... then just five weeks later _ Wisconsin and Illinois caused another twin let down on Saturday and Monday. ?
Golden
^^ontalns features that only highpriced, foreign-made speed cameras can boast of! So fast, so accurate, so easy to opiate that any amateur can use it with assurance of superlative results under practically any light conditions! Truly, a camera that knows no limitations!
You’ll want one of tbeie super-speed cameraSt ^ome Ilf and examine iPl
Sunbeam Electric Shavers, $15.00
$1.00 Down and $1.00 a Week
Dial 2383
Next to Luna
Bout
Frafernify Badminton Play in the inter-fraternity badminton doubles • tournament will start today at four o’clock in the Fieldhouse and will continue daily until completed, according to M. L. Clevett, intramural director. Intramural Schedule
jourt 1—J. Kurtz. 7 :00— 7:16— 8 ;25— 8:40— >urt 2—Aronson. 7:00— 7 :16— 8:25— 8:40— lourt 3—Swing. 7 :00— 7:16— 8:26— 8:40— jourt 4—Diehl. 7:00— 7 :16— 8:25— 8:40— BADMINTON DOUBLES Today Court 5— \ : :00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Tau. : :46^—Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Court 6— , :00—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 1— ' :00—Acacia vs. Triangle. 1:00—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 1:00—Kappa Delta Bho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 2— ! :00—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Sigma Pi, ! :00—Delta Theta Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi. ):00—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigmas Alpha Mu. Court 3.— ! :00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. ? :Q0—Delta Chi vs. Phi S'igrna Kappa. ) :00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Chi. Court 4— 1:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. ! :00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. ) :00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Nu. Court 6—- ' :00—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Chi. ! :00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Xi.
Boilermaker Surprises Critics, Wins Ovgr Favored Detroiter In Easy Victiory CHICAGO, 111., Mar. 1—(Special)—Joe Behna, IBOrpound Riveter boxer, continued his march on to a Golden Gloves title in the Chicago Tourney of Champions here last night by defeating Ted Barnes oYDetroit, Mich., in a second round bout. '/ "■' The Boilermaker, who won a tech-
Chi O's Excel As The Co-ed Sharpshooters Chi Omega won the sorority and intramural riflery matches held in Memorial GymnasiumY’uesday evening, with a score of 71 out of a possible 100. Ward 3 was second with 67 out of 100 and Alpha Ghi Omega took third with 65. From the competition the following teams were chosen to represent their respective classes in matches to be shot tonight : Freshmen; Eleanor Harrison, Ida Baumgartner, Laura B. Gregory Helen C. Waitkus, Vera Chapman, Betty Wilkipson, Mary Barnard, Elizabeth McKee, Naomi Abel, and Kathryn Murphy. Sophomores: Marie Butz, Phyllis Shake, Jean Shake, Naima Smitt, Ruth Lyon, Mona Balconj, Ruth Bryant, Yvonne Holden, Betty Smith, Margaret Young. Alternates: Joyce Burnham, Mary Louise Riley. Juniors: Phyllis Umfreys, Mary Jean Sefton, Josephine Cook, Martha Schroeder, June Young, Janet Morris, Carolyn Lamon, and Sue Enders. Seniors: Margaret Ide, Joyce Davison, Kathryn Rogers, Flora Caldwell, Marie Wetzel, Doris Peterson.
nical knockout over hjj^ first opponent in the first round bouts, entered the ring with the Detroiter for his second fight of the evening, which many critics thought would practically settle the 160-pound title. Surprises Detroiters Benna turned the tables, won every round, and came out an easy victor over Bames, much to the surprise of the Detroit followers. Lawrence Lyles suffered an early }<?ss. After drawing a bye in the first round last night, he fought Tony Plesha of Grand Rapids, Mich, to a close battle. The verdict, unusually close, was awarded to Plesha after three rounds of hard fighting. Students Sign Up For Ping Pong Tournament-Clevett Students who wish to participate in the aTl-campus table termis tournament may sign their name on the bulletin board in the Fieldhouse, according to M. L. Clevett, intramural director. The tournaments will start as soon as enpugh students have indicated their desire to participate, Clevett, who will be in charge of the tournaments, said.
• this telephone idea can help you W HILE you’re in college, you’re on the consumer side of the fence. There you’ll find the "Where to Buy It” section of your Telephone Directory a quick, easy way to discover who sells what you want. After graduation, you may be on the other side of the fence, too—the seller’s side. As a manufacturer or distributor of an advertised product you will find classified telephone directory listings a most effective and economical, way to direct buyers to the dealers handling your product. This directory service, tying up the national advertiser with the local distributor of his product, is just one of many Bell System ideas that help to increase the value of your telephone. '
A telephone call home would be appreciated. Rates to most points ore lowest any time after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday.^ ‘i
>■ P.
1 >
i-:-
3bacaL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^nil to A,
Thursday, March 2,1939
CoIIeffMate^ from Coast-To-Coast Students of Oi’egon State College were quite stupefied when a local theater operator there began rating his movie offerings in advertisements and charging admission on the basis of these gradings. In advertisements he rates his movies as hotter-’n-a-firecracker, super-colossal, just colossal, not so hot, and stinkeroo. But for the better classified productions, he charges 50 cents admission, whe*eas the ones which are rated as “just colossal” or below only cost 35 cents.
WBAA
'THE VOtCE OF PURDUE"
—^Today— 11:00—PTA Program, Rev. T. F. Williams. 11:15—'Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs Program. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—rMarket Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Quips and Queries. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—Melody Moments. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Freshmen Trackmen Win Third Straight; Defeat Irish, 43-37 Compiling results of last week’s telegraphic meet with Notre Dame, Coach Howard Wilkening found his freshmen track proteges had racked up their third consecutive victory of the season by defeating the Irish *yeai'lings 43% to 37%. The Boilermakers managed to get only four firsts, but won all places in the two mile, and crowded their opponents out of everything but a tie for third in the mile to give them a safe margin in the scoring. Stoyeck i^emained the mainstay Of the team, capturing both the 60 yard high hurdles and the 60 yard dash.
tersigned by the Controller’s Office. —PETTY.
Building. Very important, ets will be distributed. ' ,
Notices
Christian Fellowship. Hour: Meeting in room B, Union Building, Thursday, March 2, at 7 :30 p. m. All students are cordially invited to attend. —BURBRINK.
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Cored Staffs: There will be a very important meeting Wednesday, March 8, in the reception room of the Memorial Union' Building at 4 ;15 p. m. —STANBACK. Exponent Freshman Editorial Staff Workers : There will be a meeting Thursday, March 2, at 7:15 p. m. in the Exponent office in the Union Building. —STANBACK.
Union Workers: Will my committee please report to the work shop at 4 p. m. on Thursday, March 2. —DEMARS.
Freshmen in Modern Dance: All freshman girls interested in being in a modern dance demonstration for Mothers’ Day, report to the women’s gym, Thursday, March 2, at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
THIS PIPE MEDICO
“X^EDICO’S patented filter, combining 66 Baffle interior and cellopEane exterior, is greatest scientific smoking invention ever known. It traps nicotine, juices and flakes; and breaks up hot smoke stream, resulting in cool, “broken • in” Filtered Smoking in Medico Pipes, Cigarette and
'GENUINE FI.ITERS
FOR MEDICO PIPES, PACKED ONLY IN THIS RED ft BLACK BOK
Poultry Club Members; Dues are payable before Friday, March 10th. —JENKINS.
Delta Rho Kappa; Orders f;or keys must be given to me by Monday, March 6. —ESTEY.
Cotillion tick—HALL.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March S, at 7 :45 p. m. at 126 West Lutz Ave. jGueats coming. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
p. m, at the Phi Delt House. Important. —DEAN.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting at 6 p. m. Thursday, March 2, in the WSGA office. Please bring activity reports. —COOLEY.
Silver Mask: There will be an important meeting of all active members in the fencing room at 5 p. m. Thursday, March 2. —MEIER. Advanced Modern Dance Group: Business meeting, is Women’s Gym library Thursday, March 2, at 4 p. m. —SICKMAN.
WAA Riflery: Class teams will be chosen and published in this column Thursday, March 2. —SMITH.
Purdue Flying Club: Opon meeting on Thursday, March 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —GHEVEDDEN.
WAA Playday Committee Chairmen: Important meeting of chairmen of all committees for basketball playday will be held Thursday, March 2, at 6 p. m. in the WAA offlqe. —MATHER.
Alpha Phi Omega; No meeting this week. (1-3) —STRADLING.
Ceres;
(1-3)
Open meeting postponed.
—HORNER.
Individual WAA Tournaments: Badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis every day this week. All first matches must be played off this week. If unable to do this, please notify Fishleigh, 4061 for badminton: Schiller, '31741 for ping pong and shuffleboard. (8-3) —CASE. Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting Thursday, March 2, at 7:80 p. m. in room 107 in University Hall. —AYASUN.
WAA Badminton: The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6: L. Hollingsworth, D. Hendrichson; P. Clymer, R. Shlitter; M. L. Riley, G. Walker; N. Phillips, O. Blaygrace: M. Ward, B. J. Fisher; K. Merritt, L. Helser; K. Ade, E. Rubright: P. C. Calwell, B. Wiley; E- Harrison, P. McFarland; M. SchroCder, H. Haller ; R. Swift, M. Baldwin; N. Davidson, I. Irwin; M. Bailey, E. Westover, D. Schilling, L. Thomas. Courts will be available every Monday, Friday, and Saturday afternoons. —FISHLEIGH.
Yes, They are MORE THAN % STRONCiER
Scabbard and Blade: Riflery practice daily range. Tryouts for the team will extend from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Fieldhouse rifle throughout the week. (8-4) —FRANQOS.
Undergraduate Dames Club : There will be open house in the Union at 7:30 p. m., on Thursday, March 2. All student wives and all wives of students are inylted to attend. Inquire at desk for room number. —BOEHAS.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 15 may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. (1-3) —HOLLENSBE. Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, March 2, in' Room C of Union
Swimming; Recreational swimming every day at 4 p. m. Beginners’ non-credit class Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE. WAA Basketball: Practice Tuesday, 'Wednesday, and Thursday at 4 p. m. (3-2) —CASE. WAA Fencing: Tuesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE.
MB 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 81 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-3) —FRASER.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular council dinner meeting Thursday, March 2, at 6
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Sat* urday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. GREVE.
Wesley Players: Will meet at the foundation house on Thursday, March 2, at 7 ;16 p. m. All associate and full members are urged to be present. —HOOVER.
Riflery: Class teams will shoot Thursday night, March 2, in the Women’s Gym according to the following schedule: Freshmen at 7. Sophomores at 7 ;15, Juniors at 7 :30, and Seniors at 7 :46. J —SMITH.
CE 62 Highways: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday afternoon, March 4, in room 206, CE Building. Students planning to take this examination must present the permit form coun-
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
a Professional
"DEAC" Everything for College Educatijbn H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION ' DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Locksmith
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININ6 Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night lathes and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Blcydas, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2B2B
PRINTING ll^onc* SUUoaery . . a 1 ^ WtddSat InvIteUoM " fcle»iooki,Elc.... CASSEL'S -WBlFERIty
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Amazing DuPont
Cordura
rayon used only by HOLEPROOF' • Now comes a sock more than 50% stronger and 25% to 150% more durable (depending on construction). In every Holeproof, style in which rayon must be used, only Du Pont Cordura is .used—that amazing rayon which is stronger dry and remarkably stronger when wet. Holeproof alone offers you this sock economy. And, a' no extra cost—in a grand _ range of new patterns. :>5c pr. THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Want-A Date?
MARCH 3
SOPHOMORE COTILLION . . Will be another scoop for DEBRIS. Dont take a . chance of missing your picture in the annual year book. The price will change from $4.50 to $5.00 on March 3.