n
ME's Honor G. a; Next Thursday Dinner Commemorates Young's 29-Year Term As Mechanical's Head G. A. Young will be the guest of his boys, the mechanical engineering students, at a dinner commemorating his yfears as head of the school Thursday, February 2t, in the Union ballrooms. The dinner is to be in no way a farewell, as G. A. is not leaving, but has merely relinquished his post as head of the mechanical engineering school after 29 years’ service, to continue teaching senior courses. Professor H, L. Solberg, who succeeded him as head of the school, and Professor D. S. Clark, new executive assistant, will share the limelight with G. A., and the committee in charge has announced that President Elliott will be one of the speakers. '‘Big Robbie* To Speak Also scheduled to speak is C. H. ^‘Big Robbie” Robinson, prominent alumnus and a long time friend of G. A.’s. “Big Robbie" is well known among ME students and alumni, having been an outstanding athlete during his undergraduate days at Purdue, and at present is taking an active part in ME 90 lectures. For three years in succession he was named All-American football player, winning major letters in other aports at the same time. Since then he has travelled widely, spending 24 years in educational work in China. ^‘Big Robbie’s” complete mastery of the Chinese language and varied experiences abroad make him a welcome speaker on the campus. The remainder of the program for the banquet is Still being planned, but tickets have been placed on sale at the west desk of the Union and at the ME office desk. They may also be obtained from any member of Pi Tau Sigma or ASME, and are priced at seventy-five cents each e.g.k. Smalley To Address Ceres Open Meeting Harold R. Smalley, director of soil improvement work of the National Fertilizer Association, will address the Ceres, agronomy honorary, open meeting to be held tomorrow evening in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. Smalley, an alumnus of the University, will speak on “Industrial Co-operation in Agricultural Education.” Other features of the meeting will be the presentation of awards to the winners in the recent Ceres essay contest, and music furnished by the comet trio of the University* band. All interested are urged to attend. d.e.b. J. B.KohImeyer ... secretary of the Indiana State Land Use Advisory Council and member of the University Department of Farm Management, presided at a closed meeting of the council on the campus, Tuesday. The session was held to discuss a unified state agricultural program to meet the impacts of war.
Z-1S5
Founded In 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 118
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 20, 1941
Three Riveter^ Win PI A Meeting Will Decide In Golden Gloves Constitution Proposals
Entire Membership Will Meet This Afternoon At 4:15 In Union Building
Pyle, Beers, Bdughan Win Championships By JOB DOLAN Exponent Sports Editor Joe Beima’s boxing team, the Purdue representation in the 19 41 Lafayette Golden Gloves possessed three champions after last night’s boxing finals in the Lafayette Armory. The three Purdue men to win were Gus Boughan, 147 pound class; James Beers, 135 pound class; and John Pyle, 12 6 pound division. These three lads will represent the Lafayette district in the coming Chicago Tournament of Champ-
ions.
Pyle Commits Mayhem The real surprise of the tourney was the magnificent John Pyle, who knocked out the one time champion and favorite Ray Brown, of Lafayette, in the first round of the two men’s championship meeting. Before meeting Brown, Pyle had knocked out Bernie Watkins, Lafayette veteran, in the second round in the semi-finals. Pyle’s knockout blow to Brown’s head was just the finishing touch to a volley of deadly rights and lefts that had Brown in “Seventh Heaven.” Beers Comes Through Jimmy Beers followed his last season’s footsteps into the finals, only this season he emerged a winner. He defeated the shifty and topheavy favorite Clyde Hall, Crawfordsville, in a battle royal, taking two rounds to Hall’s one. Beers decisioned John Smith, of Crawfordsville, in the semi-finals. Gus Boughan, a fighter who is on the move either vertically or horizontally at all minutes of his fighting periods, came back with a powerful slugging third round to take an apparent win from the cap of the defending champion Joe Cook, a great lefty. Barry French, heavyweight, fighting with a chipped bone on his right thumb, was counted out after being knocked down twice to the count of
Game Tickets Sophomores may present their passports at the Fieldhouse today for reserved seats at the Northwestern game, according to C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Freshmen Will be able to get theirs tomorrow. All tickets remaining after tomorrow evening will be placed on sale for the general public at 8 o’clock Saturday morning.
Ellis, Golden Gate Designer, Will Talk On Tacoma Failure Professor C. A. Ellis, who helped in the designing of the famous Golden Gate bridge, will speak on the failure of the Tacoma Narrows suspension bridge tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. A movie, which is a composite of all the pictures taken of the bridge during its destruction, and which contains some excellent views of the contortions “Galloping Gertie” performed before she finally fell, will be shown along with the lecture. Professor Ellis promises to “Stick his neck out” by giving his own opinion as to the cause of the bridge failure. This opinion will be based on the contents of the reports presented by the engineers who investigated the disaster. The lecture is being sponsored by the national engineering societies, and will be open to all those who are interested, j.g.p. Big Ten Track Meet Queen Nominations Due By Sunday Noon Nominations for the Track Queen to preside over the annual Big Ten track meet which will take place in the Fieldhouse March 7 and 8 must be made before Sunday noon. Each sorority will be allowed to nominate one contestant and each residence hall two. The PI A will nominate four candidates at large and the Student Co-operative Association two. Only requirements for contestants are that they be students of the University and beautiful. The Queen and her court will be chosen next Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union building. Room number will be announced
later.
Awards to winners of the various events in the twb-day meet will be made by the track queen. j.f.z. C. E. Dammon . . . director of admissions at the University, spoke yesterday before a dinner meeting of Phi Delta Kappa, educational fraternity, in South Bend, on “High School-College Articulation.”
National Survey Shows 55 Pet. College Students Believe Final Exams Help Rather Than Drawback
(By student Opinion Surveys of America) Austin, Texas, February 20. — A majority ^of American college students believe final examinations are a help rather than a drawback. Nevertheless, nearly 65 per cent say that there is room for improvement in the method of testing a student’s knowledge in a course, a nationwide survey representing the nation’s college enrollment shows. Shortly after fall semester examinations had been held on most campuses, Student Opinion Surveys of America, the scientific weekly poll of college thought, had its interviewers ask a representative sample of collegians, “Do you believe final examinations are a help or a drawback to you personally?” Exams are a help, nearly six out of every ten (65 per cent) declared, Student’s Reasons And the reasons most often men-
tioned are exemplified by these typical comments: “Examinations make me review and assimilate what I have been learning; they give me a bird’s eye view of the course.”—Swarthmore freshman. “Exams make me work. I never study until I cram for finals.”—^DePauw senior. “They help me to catch up with things I may have overl<mked in a course.” — U. of Pe^sylvania (Johnstown Center) junior. M;iny Disagree There are many, many students, however, who disagree. This is what some of them said: “Exams work me into a nervous state; I don’t remember anything.** —Wooster College (Ohio) sophomore. “I have to cram for finals. I believe in shorter tests throughout the year.”—Montana State freshman.
i«-.From All Fronts-*-— Today's Summary
Of War News
The entire membership of PIA will meet this afternoon at 4:15 o’clock, for the purpose of voting on a proposed constitutional revision of the association. The mass meeting will be held in rooms 363 and 355 of the Union. The old constitution of PIA calls for representatives of WRH, Cary Halls, and the SCA on the Executive Board of the organization. The revision will divide the campus into wards, whose residents will elect chairmen to sit on the Board and have equal
voting privileges, with the present members. The new constitution will also provide for other men to assume leadership in social, political, and activity duties in each ward.
Equal Representation
The new plan of operation will benefit over fifty per cent of the independent students now living on the campus, by giving them more equal representation in PIA. The plan will provide social programs and activity placement of these students. With the co-operation of these students, reduced rates on laundry, cleaning, and other daily needs can be worked on. The ward system was first suggested in 1930 by Prof. M. L. Clevett. At that time, the system was thought impractical by PIA, and it was laid aside. The professor then sent his plan to the University of Iowa, where, according to Prof. Clevett, it has met with success. It has also proved successful at Kan-
sas State College. Brought Up In 1938
In 1938, the question of the ward system was again brought up by Don Wells, then President of PIA. It was set aside and never put into operation. This year, the plan was again rewritten, and submitted to the Executive Board. The Executive Board has passed the plan, and Prof. Clevett and Dean Fisher, advisor to PIA, have given it their support. The meeting today, and the referendum on the revision are called for under the present consti-
tution of PIA. s.b.w.
Co-eds Eled Holden, Lowey To AWS Board Natalie Lowey and Ruth Holden were elected freshmen representatives on the executive board of the Associated Women Students as a result of the elections held in the Union yesterday. Approximately 125 freshmen co-eds voted for the
candidates.
The executive board of AWS, composed of representatives of each class, the officers, and committee chairmen, formulates and carries, out the program of the organiza-
tion. m.j.f.
“Examinations are not a true evaluation of one’s knowledge. It is better to learn by daily study than cramming for the final.”—^University of Denver sophomore. Some Other Method Despite the majority belief that exams are a help, only 46 per cent of the nation’s students, in answer to the question, “Do you believe final examinations should be continued, or should some other method be found to test your knowledge in a course?” chose the first alternative. Women students believe finals are less a help to them than do men, the poll shows. Likewise women students are much more prone to discredit final examiiiations as a good method of testing a |):udent’s knowledge in a course than are men. The emotional strain many say is caused by exams may explain the women’s greater dislike for finals. One girl admitted, “They scare me to death.”
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Sopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Yugoslavia-Bulgaria Pact? “The Russian-German diplomatic offensive in the Balkans moved to a more westerly front yesterday when it was learned that Germany has suggested to Yugoslavia that she enter into peace talks with Bulgaria,” radios George Weller. * * * • Anzacs Land In Singapore “An expeditionary force of Australian troops landed in Singapore yesterday for the first time in history,” radios A. T. Steele. “I watched the Aussies pile off their transports—as tough, as high spirited and as large statured a crowd of men as I have seen in any army.” * * * • ’French People In Peril' “France can live until the end of March, but after that the lives of 40,000,000 people will be in the hands of the gods,” a high official of the Vichy Ministry of Agriculture told Paul Ghali ytsterday. !): * * • Italians See Effective Aid The Popolo di Roma, Mussolini’s newspaper, informed the Italians for the first time yesterday that American aid to Great Britain is likely to become effective, radios John T. Whitaker. * * * • Pact Nazi Victory “Official Washington,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, “takes the view that the Turko-Bulgar agreement constitutes a victory of no small size for the Germans and, incidentally, in the short run, for the Russions.”
* *
• Australian Industry Grows Australia’s great industrial growth to meet armament needs is one of the most remarkable developments of the war, writes Carrol Binder, who has returned from a month -and the Jihtipodes.
* *
• Nazis Fail In Uruguay The failure of the Axis states to impose their views on Uruguay, radios Allen Haden from Buenos Aires, is seen in the recall of the German minister, following soon after the withdrawal of the Italian
envoy.
Sophomore Cotillion TicketsGoOn Public Sale This Morning Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion will go'on sale this morning at 8:30 o’clock at the cashier’s office for the general student* body. The tickets are two dollars each, and every student must present his own passport at the time of purchase. Over 300 sophomores have called for their tickets in the last two days. The sale is limited, and no “extras” will be available after the present supply is exhausted. Dick-Jurgens and his famous Ar-agon-Trianon band will play for the Cotillion dancers Friday night, February 28, from 9 p. m. to 1 a. m. Co-ed hours will be extended for the dance. d.t.b.
Hall Gives Marriage Talk To4#y Sociologist Will Opoii Marital Lecture Series This Afternoon At 4 This afternoon at 4 o’clodc ia tlie lecture room of the eduction build* ing. Professor O. F. of tfa« sociology department, will give the opening lecture in a series of seven on marital relations. For the past ten years Hall has given the first talk which tends to be provocative of the students’ interest. Viewpoint of Sociology . ^ Professor Hall’s topic, “Mal^g Marriage More Meahingfq)/* will be treated from the viewpoint of sexology, and he will discuss the many dependable helps which the social sciences has contributed to making marriage more successful. The talk will also stress the growing need for more education in marital psychology. Dr. E. Lowell Kelly will speak on pre-marital relationshii>s next week. The biological and economic viewpoint will be presented later in the series. The lectures will last 3(1 minutes with the last half of tine hour spent in questions andrdisenssion. May Invite Religious Leaders Arrangements for combining this non-credit course with the regular three-hour, evening marriage course are in the offing, but have not been verified as yet. Also tentative ia a plan for inviting religious leaders to the meeting and having them point out the religious and moral aspects of the married state. These lectures are sponsored by a committee made up of student leaders in various organizations on campus and can be attended by senior men and women. A. V. Clarke, president of the Student Union, is chairman of the committee. m.jff. Cosmo Club Honors George Washington Honoring George Washington’s birthday, the members of the Cosmopolitan club will present a plaque to President Elliott tomorrow at 4:15 pi. m. in the west faculty lounge in the Union. Ernest Cortissoz, president of (he club, is in charge of the eWemony. The plaque, according to Cortissoz, is being presented by the Univer-* sity’s foreign students in an effort to show their appreciation for (he opportunities offered them by the University and the country. t.bJi. Dr. Zworykin Will Exptan Microscope To Sipa Xi Dr. V. K. Zworykin, director of the electronic research laboratory, RCA Manufacturing Co., will spei^ at the March meeting of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, in tiie main lecture room of Stanley Cksulter Hall Thimsday, March 6.
University Faculty The regular monthly meeting ctf the Faculty will be held cm Monday, February 24, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler HalL A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott. President.
First Pan-Hellenic Ball In 1917 Lasted Till 3AM;MundayPlaysFridayFrfim9To 12
By Alice Chatfield Greek women first began treating the men on the campus in 1917 when the first Pan-Hellenic ball was held. Tomorrow night they will again dance at the annual co-ed bid dance in the Union. First In Fowler In 1917 the dance was held in the Fowler hotel with dinner served at 7 o’clock in the Walnut room. Each fraternity represented had a 8ep» arate table decorated in their colors. Dancing continued until S' o’clock that year. In 1919 the second Pan-Hellenio dance was held in Allen’s ballroom. This time it was an informal dance with favors given to the gentlmnen. Formal In *23 Pan-Hellenic dances continued to be informal until 1928 when the idea of a formal dance was again adopted. It was held in Allen’s ball-
room with refreshments served during the evening. Card taUes were set up around the floor for those who did not cOre to dance. In 1924 luncheon was served doring the dance. That year the musie had to stop at 12:45 since the kail had to be empty at 1 o’dodu Held Every Year The Pan-d3eXtenic dance been given each year by the Pan-HeBenia council ipade up of all the sororitip on campus. The council was formed in 1916 with three organizations belonging to it. As more sororities were formed on campus they joined the council and helped to give the Pan-Hellenie dance. The dance has been held in the Cttiott since it was built. Tomorrow night it will be held in the North ballroom with Bill MTsmday and Ida “Southern Gentiemen'* playing.fie^2 > TbioM,
Thi^day« Febniccry 20« 1941
fiju/ubuL £xfuntttnjL
Music Room Art Show Offers Treat On«e ac«ia the Art Committee of the Mask Itoom is giving art lovers a treat vrith their exhibit, "Ancestral Btmrees of tiedera Painting.” This eohiMt is a amries of pictures being dreulated by "The Museum of Modem Art” of New York, and will eontiaoe through February 22. In thia e X h ib i t there is a great variety of different types of art antedating our modem productiona—eonventionidism of the Egyptian; the minute execution and predae linear drawings and patterns of Persian miniature; the brilliance of medieval days; crude colors and fiat background of the Japanese; and the angular, grotesque treatment of figures of our modem day. These and many more types you will see in this dsplay. s.g.p.
Mortar Board Starts Silver Pattern Survey All senior women are asked to state their preferences in silverware in a survey of the silver preferences of University women being sponsored by Bortar Board. The silver was on display yesterday and will remain on display today and tomorrow from 2:30 to 5 o’clock at the entrance to the south ballroom in the Union. Towle Silver Company is furnishing the display Which consists of 20 different patterns in sterling, varying from very plain to very elaborate. Some of the questions asked senior women are: Which patterns appeal to them most, and what they expect it to cost? m.r.f.
— TODAY-FRI.-SAT. - —2 First Run Features-
TODUY-FRIDAY
GENE RIDES A NEW RANGE
in
bVE IS FUN’ ... thought the girl, **and even though he is King of the rackets, he is gay, he is smooth, he i8mcciting».and... LIFE IS SHORT!”
Brisk By Clarenn Mudball came in today and composed: hey there clarence its too cold to write much gee i wish i had a dog to turn out in this weathtf why they are even taldng in all the brass monkeys —mudball Glee Club Will Present Program For Rotary Directed by Albert P. Stewart, the Men’s Glee Club will entertain Crawfordsville Rotarians and their wives at a special ladies night banquet to be held Wednesday, February 26, at 7 p. m. A variety of solos and special arrangements will be included in the evening’s program. Among the featured soloists of the Glee club are: Wallace Woodrow, baritone; Mar-vin Smith, tenor; and Charles Powell, baritone. Richard Thornton is accompanist and manager of the organization, c.v.t.
Notices
Examinations for the removal of conditions in English and Speech will he held in Room 101 Education Building, at one o’clock, on Saturday, March 16. The following review classes will be held: Grammar, week of February 17: Punctuation, week of February 24; Spelling, week of March 3. All in Room 111 University Hall at 5 o’clock.
The ^th Colmnil
The other day we ran across a trauslatiotl. In "On The Side,” by E. V. Durllng. Of an account In a Berlin newspaper of a British air raid. It said. "If the English pilots cottid only see in the gray light of dawn the effect of their ruthless and indiscrlmiMte bombings of Betiin’a rMidonttal dlatrleta, they might possibly, if they have even a trace of human heart left in them, be over-whelmed by the horrors of the great crime they have committed.” Somebody onght to toll them. « * * They would probably just as soon bomb soldieri as civilians. And more than likely could be prevailed upon to skip the houses in favor of factories. On hoBi^tals. « « * Evidentally they are just confused. The same as the Germans who mistook the King's swimming pool for a camouflaged airport. Anyway it’s a cinch . . . They can’t see in the dark. * 41 A If it is absolutely necessary to run this war on a twenty-four hour basis, we have a suggestion to take the guess work out of the business for the night shift. And prevent such atrocities from recurring to terrorize the innocent German public. Driving them nightly into their beer cellars. Over here it’s a problem to keep the public out of them even without an excuse. 4i Ik 41 Our plan would call for huge neon signs on the roofs. Saying. “Open city.” “Munitions factory.” “Camouflaged air base.” Et cetera. Et cetera. To avoid mistakes.
The Purdue Exponent Bntend m MeonC daw Batter at tba paat aSM la Lafayette, laSlaaa. andar tha aet af OaasMM M MarMk I, 1879, aad at tha apeeial rate of paataca pravUM tar h| aaatkm 1108, aat at Oetobar 8.1917, aothoriaad JTaaaary M, 1988. PnMitbad daibr aBNpt-¥BMay Curiae tka nealar aat^awlt faar and weekly doniut Uw Ihuaeiiv faaaba, DallvaMd baally hr canter far IMS par year, aiail aub•eripttea iljf# ■diteyla-CMaC .-K. WBariaaea Maaaeat. —JiN RafTaar. B. U. Shallarap, J. U Traaaett. ImlwMt ItofI laaal AdMtttaiae kaaaemt U. i. yowaia. 4. A taadaca: Pnaaottea Haa^, 0. W. Dmafkim^t AtelMiata Maaiiear, B. J, Imaaord; OIraalaaro Ifaaiiear, B. M. RMkteawald. Ce-edStifr AMoeiate ikditemt MuiTKar iUUn. Balk^SMafsteaMa Biaaa. Spetfe Staff Bditer B. Xtelaa Aaaoeiata BdUotat Jt. F. AdcBaon, P, 0, lakiaa, B. O. Bwalm. PliMiMt Edfierlst 4005; Buelnois 50il; Sperm 2702 Kapreaented for aational adwttetos ty Matfoaal Ad▼artbine Serrtoa. Ina., OoUesa Pahliahan Baereaaatatteca. 489 Hadlaoa Arc.. New ThSi N. T. Staff For This Imoo Night Editors Ochiltree Day Bditer> Boae iMoe Editors Arsaatrong Night Sporta Editori Adaawon Staffs M. R. Fuller, S. H. Lowy, S. B. WoU, B. S- Kieper, C. V. Thosnaa, S. J. Slesser, J. G. Petty. T. B. Novey, D. E. Corp, F. I. Josiea, M. 1„ Losey, M. J. Foe, J. H. MeDonail.
All military objectives marked “Camouflaged” would be entirely free from raids. Because the eUmny . . ^ Isn’t supposed to know they are there. * a 4i And anyone leaving his sign out would de so at his own risk.—dkh
WAA: Tumbling practices on Tuesday, February 19, Thursday, Febiruary 20,*^ at 4 p. m. in basement of the Women’s Gym. —BRITTON. ,
Students and Staff: Fersosia not receiving their copy of the Fall or Winter Scrivener, please drop card to the Scrivener office in Union. —ALEXANDER.
Newman Club; Meeting of the contact committee Thursday, February 20, at 4 p. m. in the Union. —McCONAHAY. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, February 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union instead of Tuesday, February 18. —YATES.
ASME: Joint meeting with ASCE Thursday, February 20, at 7:30 p, m. in lecture room of EE building. Movies and lecture on failure of Tacoma bridge. —PEPPLER.
WSSF Houaea Committee: Important meeting Friday, February 21, at 4:16 p. m. in room 212 of Union. Bring details of plana for reaching your groups. —BAUMGARTNEiR.
PI A Men’s Chorus: Regular rehearsal Thursday, February 20, 7:30 p. m, in PIA office. Everybody be there. —sMULEvrrz.
Students From Other Landh: Tribute to Washington will be paid on Friday, February 21, at 4:16 p- m,, im Weat FacultyLounge. —OOBTISSOZ. Cosmopolitan Club: All mcmhers invited to be in the West Faculty Lounge at 4:15 p. m. on Friday, February 81. —COBTI8SOZ.
PIA Members: Your attendance is required at the mass meeting Thursday, Febriwry 20, at 4:16 p. m. in rooms 366-863 of the Union. The purpose of the meeting is to vote on proposed revision of the constitution. —MUSSER.
All Students: Eligible for holding an NYA job and interested in assisting or directing the production of plays in nearby commnnities should turn their applications in to the Playshop secretary in Fowler Hall. —CARMICHAEL.
Silver Mask: Meeting at 4:15 p. m. Friday, February 21, in fencing room of Fieldhouse. —McCONAHAY.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, February 20, 7 :80 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —LONG.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet i>ositions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolldge before March 19. —^BRYANT.
Radio Guild: Important meeting Thursday, February 20, in WBAA Audience Studio. Williams will speak. -BOSS.
YWCA: No cabinet meeting Thursday, February 20. —BRYANT.
twin tyrisi (AS ADVERTISED IN PICTURE PUY) Name your own location... tiieae fathioni have been planned to give you ^amour (and lota of service) for firing. Nocke die chevron detail, die htigg^ wiisdinee and die parade of tueRil podeets. A good dwke of die season's smattestooilotayin e Gnefidiqr monotone shedand tweed. Sises to to i9.
THE SUIT
$
19.95
THE COAT
!|9.9S
YWCA; Deadline for payment of dues is Wednesday, February 26. -BRYANT.
Freshman Football Managers: Report at Fieldhouse Thursday, February 20, at 4 p. m. —MAIERHOFER.
Junior Chemical and Metallurgical Engineers : Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 101, chem and met building. —LOVELL.
Classified Ads
FOB BAUi Trpewriton and ndding maahinm, new nnd used, for ante, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewritora, 829.76 to 869.60. Office soppHea. HimeMnmph and multigraph work. O. F. Ebemhoff, 698 Main St. Phone. 8779.
WAA Badminton: Practice Thursday, February 20, at 4 p. m. Instruction will be given in technique. Participants must get in three practices before the tournament starts Oh March 4. —THOMAS.
For Sale: The World Book Ehieyclopedla. 1981 Edition, 13 volumes. Good as new. Will sell for $16. Phone 46111.
Camera Club: No meeting Thursday, February 20. Brown, of EE school, will show slides next week. —TOWLE.
FOB BBNT For Rent: Russ-Kent-A-Car Bi«vte«i. Cars for all occasions. Min. 88 J9 all night. Fbone 8497.
Lost: 1 grey suit coat, 1 oollegte algebra, and 1 black billfoald. Will owner please call 31841
A NEW CONTRIBUTION Increased Vitamin Graves Quality Breads havo an ample supply of it. caivES anuiTv
Lost: Brown zipper purse in Union or Library. Reward. Mary Nitsoho, Ph. T471.
NOW SHOWING ONLY 3 MORE DAYS ITS A LOVE-UFB LAUGH PANIC!
LOMBARD Intgomery
.IS GENE RAYMOND JMK CMiSON PHIUP MERIVALE LUCliE WATSON Directed by ALFRED HITCHCOCK . ftKO RADIO PIctorw
Change of Schedule February 17Hi Indiana Motor Bus Company Leaving Lafayette, Ind. 7:35 A. M. 1:15 P.M. 3:15 P.M. 6:30 P.M. For Plymouth, South Bend, Logansport, Peru, Ft. Wayne UNION BUS DEPOT 5th and Ferry Pheiw 2105
6. & W. Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
THE PLACE WHERE MEN FIND FORTUNES•mimiMmiim
i
•V ^ ”
<■ T
>n
hfi /
■~s ■ti V f ^ ■'^K
fijuUtdwL £xpomiit
Thursday* February 20* 1941 /
fiaqe. i^Sp&dA.,
J
Trackmen Oppose Hawkeyes, Wildcats In Meet At Iowa Friday
“Ouiwhew^ th6 tall com grows.” That will be the destination tfcf tho^ftiveter track team when they leave the campus for Iowa City at 4 o’clock this afternoon to meet Northwestern and Iowa
ih h trlattguktir race.
Wen last Year tti onpiMlttcr thase two thinly Beita&i the yhUUpiMsoMdktid nmnnrt wiU bo tpytaiS to r«pe«t a victory they scored last year when the three teams met In the Sk>iiermaker iHeld*
honse.
TNs Wih be the first meet of the season for the Wildcats, but they should fare wcdl with flashy sprinter Myr<m Piker forming the nucleus of a group that took fourth place in the cottf erence indoor gettogether in the 1940 campaign. Pole vaulter Thistleweight and high
Greeks Hold Annual Indoor Track Meet Today, Tomorrow
This afternoon in the Pieldhouse thefratomhies will begin the Third Annual Inter - Fraternity Indoor Track and Field Meet. Last year the Beta Theta Pi’s won the meet with a total of twenty and one-sixth points. Alpha Gamma Rho placed second with sixteen points, edging the Alpha Kappa Lambda’s out by less than one point. Ted Tycodri will act as the head starter, and Frank Myers, the Senior Intrananral Manager, will be in charge of the meet. The intramural office will keep a running score of the festivitlee. The meet will be held in two parts, beginning this afternoon and fimshing tomorrow afternoon The events and their scheduled time are
as follows:
Thiuaday Afternoon
60 yard dask
60 yard hUA bnrdles
Broad jiuop
Shot put 880 yard
ScMthernersPlan Iceless Winter Fete
2 mile mn
15 p m 80 p m 16 p m 16 p m 00 p m 15 p m
The intramural office announced that all participants must be on time or the events will begin with out them, w a.f
Atlanta Ga., February 19—(AGP) —A winter carnival without snow and without ice is going to make a Dixieland appearance here this year Emory university will sponsor “winter frolics” February 28 to March 1 Paiades, rallies, dinners, dances and crowning of a queen will highlight the festivities. Emory’s Press club conceived the idea of a “winter playland” without the customary winter sports
WeP Jiey college has a war relief worKroom.
Ome of the newest Collars—Gordon, Sasser HER!$EY^8
**Where Every Shirt is an ARROW*’ 507 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
BI6 SAYINGS ON SeoAA, LEATHER JACKETS Capeskin Leather JACKET
.50 Jacket NOW
$5-98
This jacket gold at $7.50. Now reduced for quick clearance, well tailored in cossack style, slide-fast-ening front. Hurry for your size while they last.
Su^ Leather Jacket
Cossack Stylo
$6.50
All Wool Mackinaw
Water Repellent
$5.98
Alt Wool Jacket
Capeskin Leather Jacket
$3.98
All Wool Leather Sleeves Jadeel $3.79
2 N<nrth
tiTfnCT
I%one
Third St.
4039
Ohio State Mermen Invade Fieldhoose Tomorrow Evening
'Horsie'
jumper Smith «dd strength to tkmch Frnnk BiB^s Purple toem in the field events. Findt and Botwaib pedormed creditably against aU hurdlers in the lUinois Redays last week-end. The Bawkeyes lost a very dose meet in the Chicago Fieldhouse rec<mtly, with the Msrootii wHining 6S to 51. Following that fhety dropped a 03 to 40 decision to Jim Kelley’s Minnesota Gophers. However, Hawk Coach Bresnahan has a large group Of traoksters with plenty of experience, who are eiqpected to come into their own when the trio of schools tangle tomorrow evening. Captain Ed Eligible Some of the Com State luminaries are Ken Steinbeck, pole vault; Hank Vollenweider, hurdles; Joe Hinrichs, mile and two mile; 260 pound Henry Luebeke, shot put; Walt and Ralph Todd, 440 yard dash; Art Schlander, dashes and Henry Clay and Henry Wilkerson in the broad jump. Captain Ed Holderman has been declared eligible and should increase the Gold and Black point making activities in the mile and two mile, o t c.
Che of tlm strongest collegiate swimming teams in the country will invade the waters of the Fieldhouse po«d tomorrow night in an attempt to snap the vkt<^ stHng of the Riveters. OMo State’s Buckeyes Will offer this challenge and indications are that it will be a scrap well worth seeing. Buckeyes Finish Second After capturing Hie Big Ten championship in 19S9, the Ohioans finished second to powmiul Michiigan last year. In the National Intercollegiate Meet they finished third behind Michigan and Yale and hold approximately the same rank at this time, having recently been, nosed out by the Bulldogs. Leitt, ace Buckeye free-styler. whipped the best Yale had to offer in the 100 yard event. This is considered an outstanding accomplishment as the eastern school consistently produces some of the nation’s top sprinters. Reinicker, free-styler, and Hirsch, hreast-stroker, rank with the top swimmers in collegiate circles. The visitors boast a national champion in Clark, who snared such honors for himself last year in the highboard diving event. In addition to his duties on the low-board. Clark may give a post-meet exhibition on his specialty. Although several of his athletes have colds, Coach^Dick Papenguth conceded his team an outside chance of taking the meet. This attraction will get under way at 7:30 and admission is free to students. All high school swimmers will be admitted free of charge. State Meet Saturday High school swimmers will probably be in abundance as 117 of them will compete in the state high school meet here Saturday morning and afternoon. Twelve teams are entered, including entries from Indianapolis and Terre Haute These cities have not been represented in the state meet for several years
Howland, Farr Write Pipe System Article
Admission will be 26 cents for one session, 35 cents for both. ec.y.
Homer Flunked Out!
N O wonder ... he never had time to do his lessons. His domestic duties kept him too busy! Homer’s chief trouble was buttons . . . unfaithful little perforated disks that kept coming off his shirts (wbidi weren’t Arrows). While otiier ^ys were out ^ting oi^ w^ea^ you could amays find Homer nimbly thimbling a needle. Why £dn’t someone tell h^ abmit Arrow Shirts witii anchored buttons? They never come off! They’re as permanent as the fine style and fit of all Arrow shirts. Arrow whites are all-time favorites. As all Arrows they have the Mitoga tailored fit and the one and only Arrow collar in a variety of styles to suit your type. Stock up on Arrows tod^y. $2 up.
ARROIV SHIRTS
Get Your ARROW SfflRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Riveters Meet Gophers/ Iowa In Weekend Games
A busy week-end away from the home stamping grounds ia the forecast that the tea leaves gave Piggy Lmnbert’s btsor Riveters as drill fbr the coming braee of games was eontiiiaed last night. On Saturday night, the local talent will tauflfe with the Gophers of Minnesota and the following Monday wiB find them in Iowa facing the Hawkeyes. < Bidger Killers i
In meeting Minnesota and Iowa, the Riveters have the doubtful hener of facing the two mqst unprediet^ able teams in the Big Ten. The Gophers, the only team to beat the league leading Badgers, has dropped games to mediocre Michigan and to their erratic cousins, the Hawkeyes. Despite their ups and downs, the Gophers have managed to win five games while losing three and have claimed third place as their own. Iowa, coached by Rollie Williams,
IM Schedules
... Riley, whose sensational play caught the eye of Riveter rooters for the first time in the Indiana game, may start at forward for the Gold and Black against Minnesota, Saturday. His showing in the last several games is reminiscent of his stardom at West Side High School.
RIFLE Thursday, February 20 4 00 p m—Practice Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Ddta Theta Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Theta Tau Theta Xi Phi Kappa Tau Friday, February 21 Phi ^ppa Psi Sigma Alpha Eipsilon Sigma Chi Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi Saturday, February 22 1 00 p m.—^Practice Acacia Alpha Tau Omega Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau Delta
was the pre-season dark horse in the Big Tcu and the Hawkejrto gave the experts plenty to week eib for they emerged ftem the itfe toieeu games with the best record hi the cmiferenee. However, when eweference play started, the Bawkigrea fenBd that Hiey bad a powetfid team that just eoiddn*t efiek. Last Monday night, Iowa lost a close one to Illinois, 66 to 63, and the preceding Satordsy they lost to Michigan on their own floor. New H«ro In Monday night’s 66 to 34 shellacing of Northwestern, the Gophers pulled a new scoring sensation from their sleeve. Lind, their regular center, was yanked from the game on fouls and Ajax to<di Ins place and preceded to push in eight quick baskets. Top scorer for the Minnesota quintet is Carlson whose 74 points give him thirteenth place in the Big Ten scoring race. One of the best guards in the conference is Warhol who is resimnsible for a good part of Minnesota’s success.
Professor W. E Howland and F. Farr, Jr, both of the school of civil engineering, are co-authors of an article on “Computation of Equivalent Lengths of Parallel Pipe Systems” which IS featured in the February issue of the Journal of the American Water Work Association. The article presents a method of solving the difficult problem of pipe size selection in complicated water distribution systems s h 1.
Court 1
7 00 7 16 8 00
Court 2
7 00 7 16 8 00
Court 3
7 00 7 16 8 00
Court 4
7 00 7 16
8 00
BASKETBALL Thursday, February 20
Hugh Young D 1 vs F 8
Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon
N R Swarts D 2 vs E 4
Delta Upsilon vs Triangle Ward 9 vs Ward 23
O P Smith
Sigma Nu vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rho Pi Sigma Kappa vs Pi Kappa Phi
B Berman
Acacia vs Theta Xi
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa
Epsilon
B 1 vs A 1
Many observers claim that lowa'a SIX foot six inch center, Knhl, h{» an edge over Gene Enghmd, who at the present time leads the conference in scoring. KnhFs mnnlng mate at forward is l^egel who h^ piled up a total of 86 points and is sixth in the Big Ten scoring list. The Hawkeyes present a line-up that is one of the smoothest ball handling outfits in the conference, but their lack of success on their home floor still remains a problem.
44
Take a TIP from
Me Fellows* ”
Girls Like Going
to Dinner at
The Chestnut Room
44
If you like to be treated
right, take my tip.
Remember
The Chestnut Room
JhsL fiWuHjJUL
WimifdotL Umiv
The Comer of ike CaniiMW— Yei the Center ofAedMmfiagx ^ ~£diJtA
Thursday, February 20, 1941
pjuhduiL ^xpofUjnL
" I
Frosh Debaters Enter Draft Board Calls Two Manchester Tourney Alumni For Active Duty
Members of the University freshmhn debate squad will gain forensic eicperience in the Manchester-Hunt--ington Debate Tourney tomorrow and Saturday. Approximately 760 debaters from colleges all over the country will discuss the proposition, “Resolved that the nations of the western hemisphere should form a permanent union.” This is the eleventh annual tourney in a series which began at Manchester College. The tourney grew in scope and size, -and since 1936, the overflow has been sent to Hunt.ington College. Each team has an opportunity to gain in debating experience, but no provision is made
Paul Minnear, CE '28, and Edward M. Denbo, CE ’23, have been called to active duty in connection with the defensS program. Minnear, who has been an engineer with the Illinois State Highway Department'' for the past eleven years, has been assigned to the military department at Cornell University. Denbo has been with the Indiana Bell Telephone Co. since 1929. He has been sent to Washington, D. C.
for determining a championship team. Each “A” team will debate six rounds and each “B” team will debate five rounds, m.1.1.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK 4Th & Main St». Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
10
n
li
=• " i
44000
is hack of your noil Telephone service
Germany Suggests Yugoslav, Bulgar Peace Agreement
Jimsdif, JalL
The PI A's Plan
Reds Back Act A!s Step To Keep Nazis In West By George Weller
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Serviceu Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Sofia, Feb. 19. —■ The RussianGerman diplomatic offensive in the Balkans moved to a more westerly front today when it was learned that Germany had suggested to Yugoslavia that she enter into peace talks with Bulgaria. The talks, when undertaken, will follow the same pattern of an agreement of nonaggression, as was taken by the Bulgaro-Turkish talks brought to an amicable close on Monday. These were understood reliably to have been undertaken on Russian initiative. Having done their bit to assure that there Will be no fighting around the Dardanelles, the Russians now allow the Germans to take the initiative and attempt to isolate Yugoslavia in the threatened conflict, in the same fashion, Slavs Show Reluctance The Russian purpose was apparently to shove the German drive westward and center it directly on Greece; the German purpose in beckoning Yugoslavia toward the conference table is to insure that future lines of military communications toward Salonika, through the Vaddar and Struma valleys, are not endangered by the conflict over the still unsettled Macedonia question,
... to revise their constitution has caused considerable discussion as to its purpose. Physically it adds eight new members to the Executive Board and will divide the campus into wards, a system now used successfully on several other campuses, notably Iowa State and Kansas State. But more than merely increasing the personnel of the Board the plan offers to the independent students of the campus a new opportunity to act more effectively as a unit. The benefits of such a plan are not limited to co-operative
buying, which in itself Js a great benefit, but extend to the much more important benefits derived from improvements in eating and rooming facilities. Further, the proposed jfian will introduce a more effective social program to the 3,300 independent students living outsidb of the residence halls. In recent years, the fraternities and sororities, the residence halls for both mefl and women, and the co-op groups have provided rnany opportunities for their respective units that the unorganized students have not had the opportunity to enjoy. If the individual student is to have any definite voice in the program of his University he must align himself with one of these highly organized groups. The ward system assured the independent student bf representation in a large and powerful group which not only protects his interests but also voices his opinions.
which lies like a pall over this troubled area of polygots. The Bulgars are ready to enter the talks immediately and have deliberately shelved their territorial demands upon Yugoslavia. They are eager to be making a chain of hands across the Balkans, facing the German armed camps above the Danube in Rumania, giving the left hand to the Yugoslavs, as they have already extended the right hand to the Turks. British Arrival To Start It At the signal of the German advance, which would probably be the arrival of the British in Greece, all parties would drop hands and step apart, and the Germans would give Greece the ultimatum preliminary to a blitzkrieg. How successful the blitz would be in the narrow Macedonian valleys few dare predict. The British, who fought in the last war, claim that
they can stop the blitz at the Greek frontier where they stopped the Hohenzollems before. As long as the Germans can b? kept as far west as possible of the bridgehead to Asia, the Soviet Union cares, for the moment, relatively little which way the war goes as long as it does not develop a Turkish front. With her important influence on Turkish affairs, the Soviet Union still remains in a position to send the Turkish dogs of war across the Aegean to British aid at the last moment, once Germany has entangled herself in an oblique transBalkan campaign.
And then there’s Charles “Tuffy” Timmons, ace fullback at Clemson, who scored 22 points while wearing jersey No. 22 last season. Athletic officials plan to give him No. 99 next fall.
PRIZES
for Model Airplane Builders BEGI]S[S TODAY —ENDS IN MAY for Further Information See
UNIVERSITY DRUG CO.
Next to Post Office
Phone 4094
Phone 4094
Today's Customers Report—
More satisfaction with Crown Cleaning today than ever before—
More satisfaction with Crown Cleaning today than ever beforeCrown has just copleted a new plant—^new buildings, new equipment of the latest type. When quality counts most, use Crown Cleaning Service.
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE
OPENING
WEST SIDE OFFICE at 332 Northwestern Avenue
Plain Garments Cleaned and Pressed 3 for $1.00
EAST SIDE CLEANERS
312 South 16th St.
Phone 7807
Design Staff Members Continue Appearaeces
‘ Continuing the series of talks scheduled during the week, staff members of the University applied design department will make two appearances tomorrow, afternoon. Louise Baird will discuss “Art for Today’s Child” at a meeting of the Lafayette Art Club, while Margaret Culver will speak on “Contemporary American Industrial Designers** before a group meeting of the Purdue Women’s club. Last night, Miss Culver spoke before a meeting of the Junior American Association of University Women group in the Union building on “Primitive Modern Silver,” while on Monday night Ruth Austin spoke to the interior decorating group of the Purdue Graduate Dames club on “Selection of China, Silver, and Glass.” s.j.s.
Ag Staff To Dedicate New Building Monday
'Members of the University agricultural staff will meet at a luncheon in the new agricultural engineering building next Monday noon, for the official “staff dedication” of the new building. The committee directing the affair is headed by Fay C. Gaylord, and is composed of Miss Leila Gaddis, Roscoe Fraser, Claude Harper, E. R. Menefee and all members of the staff. ,
APPLICATION PICTURES
ARMY-NAVY SPECIFICATIONS 2 POSES—6 PRINTS EA.
Special $1.25 The Foster Shop
STUDIO—411 STATE ST. Opposite Union Building
Here’s The Biggest Pipe HK in America!