■’' I 1 J
©he PuriJue TSxaanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18,1937
NUMBER 93
Student Senate Legalizes Wide-Open Campaigning
Ruling Affects All General Student Elections; No Limit On Expenses Or Publicity; Poll Activity Prohibited
Committee To Select First Queen Senate Passes Measure Providing For School’s Initial Prom Queen A Junior Prom Queen, the first in the University's history, will be selected by a committee consisting of two Student Senate members, two Iron Key men, two Mortar Board members, and the Prom chairman, according to a motion made to that effect by R. J. Craig and passed by a 21-10 vote at the Student Senate meeting yesterday
afternoon.
Candidates To Petition Similar to the rules of eligibility concerning Prom positions, any coed wishing to compete must have a petition signed by 25 juniors. The Senate announces that D. N. Wait and J. C. Esterline will serve as their members^’On the committee. J. W. Townsend and June Lippert will act as alternates.
Junior Speech Finals Tonight Finals in the junior division of the Hanley Speech Contest will be held tonight at 7:30 in the faculty loimge of the Memorial Union Building. The prize for the winner will be “The Financial Handbook” by R. H. Montgomery and the first and second place winners will be eligible to enter the final contest with a prize of fifty dollars. Judges will be chosen immediately before the contest. Seniors will hold their division of the contest next Wednesday, with entries closing next Tuesday at 4:00. All speeches will be eight minutes long and concern some economic problem. Hanley, an alumnus of the University, gave one hundred dollars to finance the contest which is intended to promote oral expression and to stimulate student thought on economic problems.
Ziiz Beard May Steal Playshop^s New Production By Mary Ann Eelsay Gilbert Dunbar Williams as the “artist” put the finishing touches on “Both Your Houses” last night at Playshop dress rehearsal. The Maxwell Anderson sensation will open tonight in Duncan Hall at 8 o’clock and continue through Friday night. Tickets are still to be obtained in the Playshop booth in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building, and will possibly be obtainable at the door of Duncan Hall. The chief scenes of the play take place in a very authentic reproduction of a congressional committee room in Washington. Centers Around Bill The action of the play centers around passing the Nevada Da'^ Deficiency Bill. As one petty graft after another is tacked onto the bill, the chief purpose soon Jioses out. Japanese beetles, an embargo on Siamese cat^, a batleship rehabilitation plan, a canal to drain Iowa, even passion raises its ugly head. One honest politician struggles against fifteen crooked graft seek-
ers.
Zitz Beard Dick Hedlund, as Mr. Gray, the chairman of the appropriation committee, it is feared, may steal the show with his abimdant Zitz beard. Fred Ahrens, as Sol, one of the more violent of crooks is dynamic with his bristling gray hair and moustache. Loretta Van Rie as the only woman member of the committee appears in “peeled-back” hair and pince-nez glasses—^the typical old maid.
February 18, 1937 PURDUE is going to have a Prom Queen! The Senate has approved it, and a committee will be selected and announced at a later date . . . so all of you junior gals who want to be a queen had better brush up on the royal etiquette . . . and apply for a petition. —30— LITERALLY speaking, the lousiest corner of Stanford University, and in the world perhaps, is the museum of natural history where Gordon Perris, associate professor of biology keeps the world’s largest collection of lice . . . more than 220 species are represented in a collection which has taken more than 20 years to acquire .,. —30— CAMPUS politics at the University of Illinois went “professional” last Friday when seniors used a voting machine to select class officers . . . they borrowed it from the City of Springfield . . . —30— MINNESOTA athletes were forced to take a vacation recently . . . it seems that a steam shovel operator caused his machine to bite into the earth where a sewer was under construction . . . the scoop came up with a lot of earth, grass, a gas main, and the water pipe that supplied the athletic building. The result: sixty football men couldn’t work out, nine intramural teams were forced to cancel games, and the gym squad went home . . .
Co-eds Interview YWCA Executive Co-eds will have an opportunity to be interviewed today by Miss Florence Maddock, general district secretary of the Y. W. C. A., by making an appointment at the office of the dean of women. The social service committee of the Y. W. C. A. will meet with Miss Maddock at 4 o’clock today in the Y. W. C. A. office. Yesterday Miss Maddock spoke on “Social Service As A Profession And A Hobby” at the joint open meeting of Y. W. C. A. and W.' S. G. A. In her talk Miss Maddock divided social work into two groups —social work in a small community and social work as a profession. It is Miss Maddock’s belief that if the problems of the individual could be solved, world problems would be easier to handle.
One, Two, Turn, Kick! Is Betty Ann’s Theme The task of synchronizing a miscellaneous assortment of 120 or more arms and legs for the dancing chorus of “Castles In The Air” is the assignment allotted to Betty Ann Florer, now helping with her third Union Show. A maximum of kicking at a minimum of risk seems to be in order as the girls’ and boys’ dancing choruses work out intricate steps in close formation. “One, two, turn, KICK!” calls Betty Ann, and Heaven help everyone within range. Some of the co-eds are geting good altitude, too. Devotee Of The Dance Steps worked out for the show are Miss Florer’s own, gained by her experience as a devotee of the dance. Self-taught from the first. Miss Florer climaxes her career with the most colorful and elaborate of all the shows in which she has appeared. Critics who have watched Miss Florer put her charges through their formations casually observe that perhaps Noble Kizer and Piggy Lambert could learn a thing or two from her!
Religious Workers To Visit Students Campus Protestant groups are cooperating in sponsoring a program of student religious conferences starting today. Leading students of the five foundations, Christian, Presbyterian, Baptist, Episcopalian and Methodist, will visit students who specified their preference for their respective faiths but are not afiiliated with any church. The campaign will begin with a meeting of workers at the Baptist church this evening at 7:30 p. m. The actual visiting will beg^in Sunday at 3 o’clock.
Ellis Takes ASGE Post Prof. C. A. Ellis of the Purdue University school of civil engineering, was elected vice-president of the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers at the annual meeting held at Indianapolis on Tuesday. Prof. Ellis, who is in charge of the structural engineering work, was also appointed a member of the Indiana Engineering Council.
L. S. Boggs Retires From Active Duty Lemuel S. Boggs, a native of Lafayette, a world figure in engineering and a University graduate in mechanical engineering in 1888, has retired from active duty as,superintendent of construction for the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co., according to word received here. Boggs was formerly service engineer for the Westinghouse Co., at East Pittsburgh, Pa. In 1892 he received the advanced degree of mechanical engineer, and he was appointed engineer of power for the Columbian Exposition at Chicago. In 1896 he became superintendent engineer for the Pioner Electric Power Company, Ogden, Utah, but since 1904 Boggs has been connected with the Westinghouse concern.
Bearce Continues Diesel Lectures W. D. Bearce, of the General Electric Company, will continue the series of evening lectures held in connection with the Diesel short course tonight before the S. A. E. and others interested in the subject of “Diesel Electric Locomotives And Streamlined Trains.” This meeting, illustrated with slides and motion pictures, will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Tomorrow night H. E. Fenner, of the American Bosch Company, will speak on injection nozzles for diesel engines. His talk is to be supplemented with pictures.
FreshmanCage Fives To Play Teams Will Battle Before Varsity Game Picked freshmen quintets are to play a regulation game starting at 6 o’clock Saturday night, preceding the Minnesota-Purdue game according to an announcement made by head freshman basketball coach, Dutch Fehring. This game will furnish entertainment for the Boilermaker fans who arrive at the Jefferson Gym an hour or more before vbrsity game time in order to obtain good seats. The freshman squad has been divided into Red and Green teams with Ted Fehring coaching the Red contingent and Fred Stalcup ih charge of the Greens. The starting lineup for the Reds will include Lorenz and Beretta at forwards, Krause at center, and Walkey and Britt at guards. Replacements include Yeager, Rauth, and Nesbitt, forwards; and Herschelman and Stamm, guards. The starting Green lineup is expected to include Lucas and Brady at forwards; Fisher, center; and Thomas and Behrens, guards. The reserves for the Greens consist of Utter and Brown, forwards; Lee and Thursby, guards.
Wfdkey Responsible For Pony Chorus Art Work The cartoon which appeared in yesterday’s Exponent concerning the pony chorus of the Student Union production was drawn by Fritzi Walkey, who has been responsible for most of the art work connected with the show. Due to a misunderstanding, she was not credited for the work. An Exponent worker who transcribed her work to a chalk plate for stereotyping was erroneously credited.
Union Plans Music Appreciation Group Under the auspices of the Student Union, furtherment of music appreciation for students is being planned. A group is being organized to outline a program for this semester. Jeanne Perkins, Union vice-president in charge, stated that all students interested in joining this organization should send a card to her in care of the Student Union.
PE Teachers To Meet Here Sixty former University co-eds who were enrolled in physical education courses, and are now teaching the subject in Indiana high schools, have been invited to take part in a round table discussion of common teaching problems to be held Saturday. The discussion will start at 9:30 Saturday morning in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. At the conclusion of the morning session a luncheon will be served in the peasant room. Physical examinations, equipment assemblage, class schedifiing, intramural program arrangement, and inter-school contest planning will be among the topics to be discussed.
Prontf Gala Week Committees To Be Chosen February 25; Eligibility Regulations Unchanged Wide open campaigning, except with electioneering prohibited in the Memorial Union Building during election hours, for all general student elections on the University Campus was legalized by an 18-13 vote of the Student Senate at a two-hour session yesterday afternoon. Jim Esterline’s motion that no restrictions be placed on the campaign expenses or on the
amount and kind of publicity was passed after a 30-minute
discussion.
The vote followed the expression of opinions by various senators that with no limits to overstep and with no expense accoimts to be checked less work and difficulty would be incurred by the Senate and fewer occasions for injustices to candidates
would arise.
Election Next Thursday Thursday, February 26, is election day for Junior Prom and Gala Week committees, R. J. Craig chairman of the Senate elections committee, announced at the meeting. Six o’clock yesterday evening was the deadline for turning in petitions for these committees, and Craig stated that the candidates would be announced after a check-up on the eligibility of each today.
Eligibility
According to the eligibility rules of the present constitution a candidate must have passing grades in all subjects carried during the semester preceding his candidacy, or if he hbs any unremoved C or D grades he must have a 3.5 scholastic
index.
Dan Royhans reported that the new constitution for the Senate had been completed with the exception of a few points that would have to be discussed and voted upon by the organization. Royhans will prepare mimeographed copies of the new document for distribution to the senators. Yesterday’s meeting was the first for freshmen elected to the Senate during the second semester registration.
Dr. Hughes To Speak Sunday M. E. Bishop’s Topic Suggestive Of Politics Dr. Edwin Holt Hughes, senior Methodist Bishop of Washington, D. C., will speak this coming Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall for the February religious convocation according to an anannouncement made by Prof. Lamrence Hadley, chairman on the University committee in charge, topic will be “An Election Within
The Soul.”
Dr. Hughes has degrrees from DePauw, Ssnracuse, and Maine. He is trustee at Carnegie Foundation, Ohio Wesleyan, DePauw University, American University, and Morgan and Dickenson colleges. Dr. Hughes is member of Delta Tau Delta and Phi Beta Kappa frater-
nities.
In the religious field Dr. Hughes has long been connected with the Methodist Church. In 1908 he was elected bishop, and has been serving as Senior Bishop since 1932 with Washington, D. C., as his district.
Agriculturist Staff To Hear Publicity Men The staff of the Purdue Agriculturist will hear T. R. Johnston and Glen Sample, both of the University publicity department, when it meets tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room B of the Memorial Union Buildii^. The general staff meeting will be preceded by a special business meeting for sophomores and freshmen workers at 7:30.
West Side High School Wins Speech Contest Prof, J. H. McKee acted as a judge last Tuesday evening during a speech contest between Culver Military Academy and West Lafayette high school. Captain Kent Moore of Culver and Mrs. HaJriet Mueller of the high school were also judges. The contest was won by West Lafayette, Bernice Meisel and Charlotte Finney taking first and second places respectively.
Men’s Glee Club Make Six Records In the regular rehearsal yesterday afternoon, the University Men’s Glee Club made six experimental electrical recordings imder the direction of Albert P. Stewart. W. F. Waldron, former student of the University, was in charge of the composite recording machine. The recordings, of which this is the first of a series, will not appear before the public. A few processed recordings will be broadcast over the radio station, WBAA, later in the semester. Charlotte Friend Stewart and John Brubaker were soloists, with Theodore Feucht as pianist.
Lambda Chi Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha announces Hie pledging of C. A. Liming, Virginia, Minn.
EXPONENT STAFFS
There will be a iqieeting of all staffs of the Exponent in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Thursday, February 18, at 4 p. m. All members are expected to be present. —MORRIS,
DanceFeatures Joe McCartney Plays For Scabbard And Blade Tomorrow Night Joe McCartney and his DePauw University orchestra will play for the Scabbard and Blade formal dance in the Memorial Union ballroom tomoiTow night from 9 to 12. The formal is strictly an invitational affair, and corsages have been ruled out. The spring pledge group of Scabbard and Blade will be announced during an intermis-
sion.
A large black replica of the Scabbard and Blade key, mounted on a gold background will be the central decoration of the backdrop. Guidons and colors will complete the decorative effects for the dance. Only members and pledges of the military honorary will be in uni-
form.
The committee consists of D. N. Wait, chairman, Frank Milner, A. F. Ganier, E. N. Cox, and L. D. Wood.
Organize Tritan Claby New Co-ed Honorary Triton Club, a newly organized co-ed honorary swimming club» elected Emily Tubbs president in a meeting held Monday afternoon. Other officers elected were: Barbara Roderick, vice-president; Marian Long, secretary: and Barbara Cook, treasurer. At present there are but four members other tban the officers. The organization has planned an intramural svimming meet in the near future.
G. E. MuUeii, Jr., *33, sales engineer of the Generad Electric Company at Indianapolis, has been transferred to the rural Rectification section of that company at Schenectady, N, Y./
iMl
^«2s&
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thtttsday, FetbyttatT^:. IM., 193?
tE^i^e ^nrtiae Exponent
FoaikM in ISM
E^teMd as second dsss matter at the post office, Lafaydt^Indiana. DeliVer^^ »w<i^ (8.50 p«r year; delivered by carrier, (2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 8038
OFFICE!—812 North Fifth Street
Bditorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman, Helen Creech, EJ. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF llanairinff Editor " *®* Am^te Editors- ’’"K.'a. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A^a Fwter, R. P. Manio®. C* ^ Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaQey, J. A. Chapin, J.R, Clark sopnomore assis m BBrUin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L StMhack, D. R, E. FC, KepoKK, a E- OTleil
Editor „ - Associate Eiditors - Adverttsing Manager
WOBIEN’S STAFF „ . « _ „ „ Melen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, ^isaheth Pyke ., Betty Barnett
Issue ^itor—L. S. Hardin
Congratulations
Last evening the Student Senate took a new and definite stand in changing a conservative regulation. A “wide open” campaign for Prom and Gala Week elections was adopted. This decision, the result of much tireless effort and unceasing labor on the part of the Senate as a whole, definitely indicates that they desire to comply with student wishes. During the past few years, an ever-increasing demand for the elimination of “under-cover^’ politics has been made by the student body. Whether or not oi^n campaigning is the proper solution to this problem remains to be seen; nevertheless, with proper co-operation from students and candidates, the new system will doubtless be an iinprovement. The new plan will provide many new and interesting situaations; stump speeches, torch-light parades, radio talks, newspaper publicity, banners, noise, campaign music, and soap-box orators aJl loom as possibilities. It is hoped, that under the new system, students will recognize the merits and failings of the various candidates, and will cast a vote, based not on political affiliation, but on the acquired knowledge of the candidate. It is also hoped that the Senate will follow the apparently progressive procedure, indicated by the passage of this measure, and eventually remedy the obnoxious political situations that have existed on this campus for some time. —Editorial Board.
Questions
“When in doubt ask”—^wait, let’s change that old advice a bit. When in doubt, think first, then ask if you still need to. The machine age has entered the realm of the mind. When we think of those words we visualize big factories and great distributing systems, but we don’t think of the brain. Yet our minds are leaning strongly towards a machine-like working process. With the increasing importance of science in our lives we have become a nation of thinkers, but our mental processes have tended to sink to the level of an intellectual routine. W^en a problem requiring a little extra mulling-over arises, we are apt to follow the advice which too easily becomes a habit, namely “learn by asking.” Look around you at your next class, the next session of your particular activity, or perhaps at the job you may hold. Everywhere ther are people who have taken an overdose of that advice. They are the ones who are always asking questions— foolish, thoughtless questions that waste time and make a poor impression on listeners. Eight times out of ten the originator of the query could have supplied his own answer if he had thought a few minutes longer. Don’t be an “asker.” Know the answers. Sincere questions which have been bom of deep reflection are fine for they tell your friends and your professors that you are alert and eager to learn, but bews^re of being classed as a “habitual asker.” You will see them everywhere. They go through life asking this and asking that never stopping to think the thing through themselves. Busy people shun them, and their associates make a low estimate of them. If you don’t know q thing don’t advertise the fact. Try to find out somehow for yourself. It will be good mental exercise- People look with dubious respect on the fellow, no matter what his true worth, who is always asking.^J. A. C.
Conferences
During recent years an increasing number of conferences, meetings, and conventions have been held at Purdue. This increase is not only evident at Purdue but at state universities all over the country. All indications point to a continued increase for the state university has gradually changed from an institution whose main purpose was to provide a higher education to a place which serves as a state community center also. Today the university serves as a meeting place where people can gather to exchange ideas, and learn the latest and best natural place to gather for such assemblies but failed to serve as such because it was too far away for most people to reach in a short time. This is no longer true, however, for today the paved highways and improved automobiles have brought oncedistant points together and have made the state university available to everyone. Now it is possible for farmers, teachers, road builders, debating groups, and almost qny group it is possible to name to take short courses or attend lectures and to meet at the university. Judging by the large number that have assembled on the campus during the last few years Purdue has shown that it is ready to take over this new phase of university work, as well as serve as an educational institution of higher learning. —C. D. S.
Names Or Autographs
Illegibly scrawled names cause considerable extra work for the clerks who alphabetize and file the schedule cards of each student during registration. These names, with “6’s” written as ‘a’s’, ‘m’s’ and ‘n’s’ looking like ‘w’s’ and ‘u’s’, with dotted Vs’ and undotted ‘i’s’, and with entirely meaningless characters must be deciphered, guessed at, and checked with the student directory or the corresponding registration cards in order to be placed properly on file. The offenders cannot be categorized according to class qr school. Seniors as well as freshmen and engineers along with agricultural students either so carelessly pen their names on their schedule cards or make such painstaking efforts to produce individual signatures that the resulting handwriting is unreadable. We suggest that in the future all schedule cards be printed with the direction, “Please write your name here, not your autograph,”—B. P. M.
A MERE PUBLICITY STUNT A group of members of the Union Show cast are going to put on a sbbrt feature skit this coming Sunday evening In the cafeteria . JERRY CIRAL seems to be in the limelight....
DON BLACK LOOKS GUILTY . the other night he was passing ent big black stogies ... be has no campus dates ... be baa a gal at home . . . and then he claims no merger... ta, ta...
BEWARE OF THE MAN . . . , when it comes to line-slinging NORM PALMER hands out the longest and the most inconsistent.. NORM has told three girls in the Theta House that there are only two girls that he really likes . . . this same line has been blabbed to each of these three gals . . . added to this he states that each of these three is one of the two mentioned above ... it just doesn’t add up right to me .... on top of that he has a home town gal that every one knows is the A-1 . . .
OH, TO BE A MARRIED MAN . think of it.. . JOHNNY CONWAY, the SAE what got hitched the first week in January, is living the “life of Riley” . . . for besides his own allowance he also gets a check from his wife’s supposed col-
NOTICE TO OUR PATRONS
The follewingr prices will be in effect at once: Twen^-five cents per passengrer to or from the Avalon. This price IS the same as oar city rates. Ride a Yellow for prompt service. 5023—^Phones—3071
PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB CO.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
lege trust fund for $125 per month ... I’d even get married for that..
LO CHI . . . that’s the name of that thing the Chi O’s have recently acquired... it is supposed to pass for a dog . . . but instead it is just a little PEEK puppy ,,.
‘‘Legs PUTZE.,, UNION SHOW publicity hound went into hip publicity act the other night with much enthusiasm ... he pulled his pet the “pony chorus,” out in front of the Union to throw snowballs at each other ... there was need of a he-man to carry RUFINA SEXTON across the barren waste??'? . he did it with the greatest of pleasure . . , even a big smile spread across his face . . . what will GIN NY HULSE have to say 7 ? ? . .
THERE IS A GOOD REASON FOR THEM .,, the big fiood-lights camera equipment, etc,, that some of you saw in GRILLE LOUNGE, and SWEET SHOP of the Union Building yesterday and the day before were part of WES DWIGHT'S big campaign for a bigger and better DE3BBIS ... they were part of the apparatus for picture taking of DEBRIS PERSONALITY GALS ,,
MARS PASSES POMES
MARS PASSES DOIT
MARS PASSES ETC.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
Service _ _ Office SWIoncry., Weddinf InvitaUoiM
PHONE - W#» Book*.Etc.. -X 6 2 8 CASSEL’S dOBrERR^
FRESHMEN SQUASH
TODAY
4:00—^Fuenie vs. Alexander. 6:00—Blitz vs. Eberhard. 6:30—^Blessing vs. Munro or Simmons. 7:16—Scully vs. Lownie.
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY Reginald Denny
“Midnight Phantom” —and— Bob Allen “The Unknown Ranger” —^plus— Clyde Beatty in “Darkest Africa”
SPIES 1 1 THE SKIES!
MAM
Doni«r*0 Fipwer Shop Quality Flowers Main at Tth Phone 6050
KRYS Kcya fer tniake, da*r lecke, Mk loclni, aifht lat(hea and Salkeks. Ante keya Mid luuidle ledw a apaeialijr. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son PhCiN 28U LafaiaMe, bd.
SFABRENDABL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4tli and Ferry
R. C. RISRNBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SBIBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
FAMILY Today— 2 Him RUN nrs
“LAW •* Omi RANGER”
PLUS
emTuVs AND COP!
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE TODAY^FRL—SAT.
THEY’RE OFF!
Romance Rides the Long Shot in this Drama of the Turf!
Damon Runyon’s thrilling tale of the paddock .. the story of a girl who knew horsefiesh and who thought she knew men.
First Lafayette Showing
with ANN iVOEIK fMITH BAlimr iumycariy
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
KAY AT THE PEAK QF HER LOVEMNESS AND OEORGE AT THE TOP OF Hi$ FORM Reward Ypu With Performanees That WPl Make You Thank Them From Tba Rononi pf Your Rogrtl
KAY FRANCIS
GIVE ME YOUR HEART
vWt I
GEOROE BRENT , RQtANO yeiJN0 Added-^Westward Whoa, a cartoon, - ‘fi\ >
' B«8^y,fti»nt»n;i8.W ' '
?'f
Minnesota Wffl Play Here Satur<fey Night
Coach Lambert To Use Same Line-Up That Started Game Against ilUnois
Minnesota’s Big Ten pace^setting cage quintet, with a 46*41 victory over the Boilermakers already to its credit, will come here to try to repeat its performance of a week ago Monday by taking down the Lambertmen this Saturday night in Jeff Gym. The Gold and Black squad, much heartened by its recent victory over Illinois, plans to discourage the Gophers in its
attempt, to avenge its former
defeat, and to regain a postion at the top of the Big Ten conference race. Ssturday’s (jontest will be the tuirn into th« honie stretch of the Big Ten rece. K the Qophers are able to duplicate their previous victory they will be odds-on favorites to finish on top, while a victory for the Boilermakers would turn the race into a free-for-all in the final flurry. The Gopher attack probably will be launched by the same five men who have been carrying the Gopher burden during most of this season. They are Gordon Addington and John Kundla, forwards; Bob Manley at center; and Martin Rolek and Dick Seebach, guards. The sophomore forwards, Kundla and Addington, will give the defense of the Boilermakers a real test. The Purdue five remembers Kundla as the man who scored 20 points in the last game. These two men have been the mainstays of the squad, and it has been largely through their performances that Minnesota has been kept in the run-
ning.
Coach “Piggy” Lambert plans to start the same lineup that did so well in last Monday’s game against
forwards, Anderson at center, and Pat Malaska and Downey as the
guards.
BASKFTBAbt TdbAY
Court 1—-Official, Chapman 7:00—Ward 1 vi. Ward 7. 7:15^Beta Sigma Psi vs. winner (Delta CM v«. Alpha Tau Omega) (B). g;25—^Keppa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha (B). Court 2—Official, Abell 7:00—Signui Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon (B). 7:16—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa (A). 8:26—Triangle vs. Loser of (Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho) (B). 8:40—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Psi (B). Court 3—Official, Hobart 7:00—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Sigma Kappa (B). 7:16—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma (B). 8:26—Phi Kappa vs. Lambda Chi Alpha (B).
H. A. Boyce, ’34, former division engineer of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, Cleveland, O., has ben transferred to the Cin-
the mini, with Young and Sines as cinnati, O., offices pf that company.
THE BXPONBKT
Fencers Meet Northwestern Here Saturday
Purdue’s fencing squad will meet the Purple sword wielders of Northwestern here Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock.
The Wildcats recently ended a long streak of Notre Dame victories one of which was at the expense of the local squad. Although they will enter the meet as the underdog, the Boilermaker squad which has shown considerable improvement during the past few weeks, fias high hopes of upsetting the Wildcat fencers. Entries for the Boilermakers will include Captain Latter, McWilliams Huffman, and Reynolds in the foils; Seaborg and Antueshko in the saber and Matthews and Sellers in the epee.
Bowluig Tourney Enrollment Opens
The all campus bowling tournament, in which both men and women will participate, has been made selective in its enrollment by making it necessary for all candidates to bowl one line before signing up. The schedule, as it will be drawn up from the complete enrollment, will be announced as soon as all the participants are enrolled. Four alleys in the Union Building will be reserved one night a week for this tournament.
Louis Wins
Joe Louis succeeded in flooring Natie Brown for the count in the first of the fourth round of the scheduled ten round bout at Kansas City last night.
I fielder’s.... I * ....choice I
V—^By Boh Walpole
“Does anybody know where 1 Sean get a ticket to the Minnesota game Saturday night?” seems to be the question of the hour . . . with the Western Conference title hanging on the result of this game, a capacity crowd is assured ... will H be a tough one? . . . yes, but if the Boilermakers are half as torrid as they were Monday, you won't need to worry . . . —fc— An hour before game time Monday evening, Illini scalper^ were getting five dollars for reserve seats for the contest... —fc— Midway in the second half of the Illini game, the Michigan-Indiana score came in ... at that stage of the game, Purdue was hovering in the 40's . . . Michigan’s final score of 66 points topped the previous high of 64 points set by Purdue against Iowa’s five ... the new record held by MicMgan, however, was good only for a moment.. Purdue's final steam ended with 61 points . . the first digit was covered with dust —^hadn’t been used for years . . . —fc— Purdue will meet Indiana in the latter’s city in a dual golf match on May 8 . . . the Boilermaker tennis squad will play a quadrangle match with Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio State at Columbus on May 14 and 16 . . . —^fc— » Purdue’s net scoring average of slightly less than 44 points per contest far exceeds the nearest rival.. Minnesota has the best defensive record of the conference . -.
ARE YOU GETTING ANj EXPONENT?
the floor lamp has a heaw standard, opal tUfiasinabowl and tAbrr. covered, com idth able phiSi Ha* lOO'CoKaoo watt lisbtiflU
Only $Sa9S
Dtidge lamp model brings light directlr overhead. Weighted base prevents tipping, Handsome shade aod finish adds to its beautr.
Only $4a95
fblp is du Ump,iot
rork tmdips
deff wo^,
prsmdrinaeaa.
almlias
de^ sad floi^to batmoBiMv^ Aefiofst hoam
Only $3.99
^ Ml tbm t0mp fkc tifpamti tsg ^ iMkfyrU,
• These handsome sight-saving lamps are now a greater value than ever. They are improved io appearance •.. shorter standards and new type shades give a more graceful appearance. They are Improved In design , , , new features of construction in the disusing bowl make for greater strength and more glare protection. And the terms are only 45 cents dovyo ... SO cents a month. Pick out the models you need at our salesroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
I. E. S. LAMPS AT MODERATE PRICES -—AT
SOUTHWORTH’S
WE HAVE SOLD MANY GENUINE L E. S, LAMI^
H. G. (Deac) REISNER
Young Buildiiig Up Large Lead In Scoring Race Overshadows Rivaki; After Record With 129 Points
When Brig Young dropped in 29 points in the Hlinois fracas, he increased Mfl Western Conference scoring lead to 45 points over the best efforts of Combes of Illinois, his nearest rival in tMs race. Young bas made a total of 129 points and is a definite threat to the all-time conference record of 167 points that were scored by Joe Reiff of Northwestern. Young to date has averaged 16.1 points per game; and if he can continue his performance, he will break Reifirs record by 26 points. Combes, who holds the runner-up position, replaced Ken Gunning of Indiana in this spot as the Illinois forward has made 26 points in six games. Jake Townsend, MicMgan forward, is in the fourth spot as a residt of his feat of scoring 19 counters against Indiana last Monday night. The summary of the leaders in the scoring race is:
G
Young, Purdue 8 Combes, Illinois 8 Gmming, Indiana ....9 Townsend, Mich 7 McMichael, Nwstn ..7
FG
63 34 33 26 26
FT
23 16 15 23 18
'TP 129
84 81 73 70
The Ride Dental CSInie
nn. PAUL A. aniK DR. HAROLD L UBR DR. ROBERT Q. RISK DR.LUTHERA.RHIK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC” HAS EVEBTTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
WBAA
/f. r
TORAt lliOO-Momittg Meloffies. ll;16-MeIo^ Review. 11:30—Principles of gootkiep* ing, Mr. L, G, Miunear. 11:60—Fin^ News Fkiilies. 12:00—Noon Meloffies12:16—^Luncheon Danee, Bitil Bryant's Orelies^. 12:30—Songs A Melodiisfl, Jolm Brubaker, baritone. 12:45—Home Helps A Happenings, “The Sman CMtd Asks For A Pet,” Mrs. Katiterine lt<»d. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto.
1:16—^Better Expression, “Everyday Speech FTohj lems,” Mr. Robert Horn 1:30—Geography in the News Miss Whalen, Centennial School. 1:45—^Markets, Weatl^r. 2:00—^Aviation Program. 2:15—^Parade of Melody, 2:30—Glen Crose, Guitar. 2:40—^Treasure Cffiest, Robert Horn. 3:00—Concert Music. 3:15—^Education and Society, Dr. L. D. WMsler, Macy Fellow, Dept, of Education. 3:30—Lafayette City Schools Program. 4:00—^Afternoon Melodies. 4:16—^Radio Travel Review.
LYLEE.FffiHER Watchmakor
Thia ia an we do^ but we do U wcR
Opposite Post Ofliee Wallace Block S22 Ferry St.
DR. A M. miON DENTIST
119V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Read The Exponent Ads.
NUMBER 3 OF I ACC0MMOPATIQN9 OFFERED BY THE UNION
The Browsing Room is located on the main floor, southeast corner, of the Union Bulldlng-^irectly across from the office.
It is here you may readily find your books—both old and new, fiction and non-fictlon—arni too, the most comfortable lounges that help to make your reading more enjoyable.
When you find time to leave the regular ”grind'^ come Into the Browsing Room for relaxation offered by good books and a comfortable atmosphere.
The Browsing Room is maintained for you, Use It!
PlffiDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Caraw «f ClaitiHM—AcBviliw
%THE POKDUE EXPONENT
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, boucrht, sold, rented and rOpaired. Supplies for all madiines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. 2779.
Well Laundered — And Reasonable prices. Phone
For Rent—^Very desirable
room with twin beds. Will accept services for rent. Phone 66642,
For Sale—2 splendid well made tables for recreation rooms. Cost new, $40. Bargain $6 to $10 each. Other recreation room furniture reasonable^ Moore’e Colonial Market, 220 North 5th street.
Lost—^A man's black fountain pen. Name on barrel is Ross Drever. Call 5021. Reward.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Exclusive Vaughan's Lawn and Garden Seed JOHN SPERB 822-824 Main Street
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES
WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US.
Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
7:30 P. M. ^
6TH & FERRY
ALLEN’S
Phone 2150
APPLICATION PHOTOS
12 $1.25
THt foster shop Opposite Union Building
WE NOW HAVE SPALDINGS
Basketball Official Guide for Girls Field Hockey Official Guide for Girls Soccer Official Guide for Girls
We Have 25 New Colors of Poster Paper for Applied Design 41
We Have Purdue Recipe File for $1.35
H. G.[Reisners Book Store "DEAC"
Kr
SALE!
LEATHER SPORT JACKETS
25%off
Sale begins — Wednesday, February 17, at 8:00 A. M. Shop Early—Take Your Choice from “Lafayette's Finest Selection of Leather Jackets”)
DECKER’S
516-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
NOTICES
He iMtlCM McaitMl MIm-t p. m.
Snrveyinar—Area computations ot first se* mester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD.
Engineering Drawing Condition Examinations—A make-up examination for the removal of “Conditions” and “Incompletes” in engineering drawing, P. M. 11 and F. M. 12, will be given February 20, from 1 to 4 in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Bring permit for removal of “C” or “1.” —RISING.
Fraternities—Those fraternities Whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
W. A. A. Badminton—Badminton tournament games will be played on February 18 at 4 o’clock, Mohler vs. Ayer, and'LouaUna Thompson vs. Kernel; at 4:30, B. Dobson vs. K. Merritt, and Virginia Huffman vs. Betty Arnold. —MAIER.
Double Cleaning Service
CROWN CLEANING service Is double service . . . not only are your Garments scientifically cleaned and expertly pressed but are moth proofed at the same operation.
We use MONITE moth proof process. No extra charge.
W. A. A. Bowling—^The following games will be played February 18: Kappas vs. Ward 3 at 6:45 p. m.; Ward 2 vs. Thetas at 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM.
W. A. A. Basketball—4:00 Bronx vs. WRH in small gym ; 4:00 Alpha Chi Omega vs. Pi Phi, large gym; 4:30 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 3 in large gym. —SHAFFER.
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved from 6:45 to 10:30'p. m. February 18 because of the tournament play. —STUCKY.
Co-eds—Co-eds may make personal appointments to interview Miss Maddock in the Dean of Women’s office. —JONES.
Guidons Third Regiment And B-2—^There will be a rehearsal of all guidons for the carnival February 19 in Armory, from 5 to 6 p. m. All the guidons of each battery are urgently needed at this rehearsal, and should assemble promptly at that time; obtaining guidons from room 104. Any guidon who canont be present notify his battery commander immediately so that a guidon may be designated who can attend. One merit will be awarded for each extra attendance. —SINGER.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Supper in reception room of Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. February 18. Meeting ii) Y. W. C. A. office at 7 p. m. —JONES.
Y. W. C. A.—Settlement House committee social service committee, and Cary Home committee will meet with Miss Maddock
R S
in the Y. W. C. A. office at 4 p. m. February 18.
—CONVEB. Hoof and Horn—Important meeting February 18 at 7:80 in room C of the Memori^ Union Building. —CLARY.
Triton Club—^Intramural swim. Practice for m^t to be held February 18 at 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Open' swim at 8:30 p. m. —LONG.
Union Workers—Freshmen and sophomore members of our committees report to the work shop at 4 p. m. February 18. —PPORZHEIMEai, CLAYPOLE.
Union Workers—My committee report to the Union office at 4 p. m. February 18. —WIEGANDT.
Theta Alpha Phi—Very important meeting in Playshop office in the Memorial Union Building February 19 at 4 p. m. —CALLIS.
Interdenominational Services—^Vesper services will be held in the Union Building in room A February 18 at 4 p. m. Mr. Norris will speak on the subject of “I Would ^ Free.” —BLAUIOK.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting February 18 at 7:30 o’clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building. A fine of five cents will be imposed iipon those not present. —FENSTERMAKER.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Freshman B Team vs. Seniors in the small gym; juniors vs. sophomores in large gym at 4 p. m., February 18. —CHAT.
Gimlet—Meeting February 18 at 7 :16 p. m. at the Sigma Chi House. —HODGDON.
W. A. A. Fencing—^The following girls must report to the Women’s Gym by 4;80 p. m. February 18, or forfeit their match: Hewitt vs. Billings; Angert vs. Little; McDougall vs. Beck; Hoseck vs. Edson; Shymer vs. Myer; Helm vs. Smitt; Roe vs. Bratich; Cook vs. Schilling; Beall vs. Cook; Louise Daniel vs. some winner. —BEKO.
Vesper Services — Interdenominational vesper services will be held February 18 in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. T. K. Noss will speak on the subject, “I Would Be Free.” —McEACHBON.
Camera Club—^Meeting In room B of the Union at 7:15 p. m. February 18. —CLAYPOLE.
Dean Enders Will
Deliver Lecture
“Occupational Opportunities For Graduates Of The School Of Science” will be the subject of Dean Howard E. Enders, of the science school, in a lecture designed primarily for freshmen, which he will deliver at 4 this afternoon in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. This lecture will be the first of a series of eight, all on the same general topic, but each taking up a different field of science. All students in the science school are invited to attend these meetings, although they are being held principally for the benefit of the freshmen.
U. S. Senator Gerald R Nye says: '1 enjoy the comfort a l^t smoke
gives my throat”
**Ihavesmoked Luckies off andonevet since my first term inthe Senate 11 years ago, and I have always enjoyed dieir taste and the feeling of comfort and safety a light smoke gives my throat* 1 have done a great deal of public speaks ing, on the floor of the Senate, over the radio and at conferences. Necessarily diis results in a strain on the voice. So naturally, in smoking, I have to think of my throat-^and I have found that a light smoke is suitable to my throat,*^
HON. GERALD P. NYB U. S. SENATOR FROM NORTH DAKOTA
Jui a recent independent survey, an overwhelming majority of lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc., who said they smoked cigarettes, expressed their personal preference for a light smoke. Senator Nye^s statement verifies the wisdom of this preference and so do leading artists of radio, stage, screen and opera, whose voices are their fortunes, and who choose Luckies, a light smoke. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckiesr-a light smoke, free of certain Imrsh irritants removed by the exclusive process ’'It's Toasted^% Luckies are gentle on yoiir throat.
, THE FINEST TOBACCOS— **THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke "It's Toasted''-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Coprrlgbt X&37, The Americen Tobacco Gomimny