- ' ' i'» fv f' '
4%
EDITORrAL i ' Gives Credit To RCA Cadettes In Campus Life
Established 1889
* The Rainn Came
MERRY-6aitOUI4t i f Reports FDR L^ckltili'f Cash Even For Stamps ,
* Volume 56, No. 36
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, July 2Ij
Henry Scott Will Give SykeS, Wood Star As Leads Sarnoff, RCA PresidisiiC Recital In Music Hali ls Plauclinn'c Pmrlurtinh Speaks On Television
Tomorrow night at 7:30 Henry Scott, noted pianist, com- III I I €1 V ^ 11 |«# ^ I I U W li I 11
Audience
poser and humorist, will give a recital in the University Music Hall.
In addition to a presentation of the classics and original interpretations of swing, Scott will introduce a new concert form which he terms a “Con-
cert Satire.”
In the “Concert Satire” section of the program such props as—an orange, a balloon, a candle, a pair of heavy mittens, a wig, and of course, a piano, will be used. Titles of some of' the sections to be played in this section include “A Great Concert Pianist”, “Chopin in the Citrus Belt”, “Little Boy Genius Grows Up, “Rhythm at Any Cost,” and “Mittens on the Keys.” The classical part of the program will include Scarlatti’s “Pastorale”, Chopin’s “Black Key Interlude” and “C Minor Waltz”, and Liszt’s “Second Hungarian Rhapsody.” Impersonates Swing Leaders Another part of the program will be devoted to Scott’s swing impressions of Vincent Lopez, Eddie Duchin, Teddy Wilson and Meade “Lux” Lewis. Included in this section will be rhumbas, tangoes, boogie-woog-ie, and original arrangements. The complete program of tomorrow night’s concert is as follows: Part I. Impressions of: Vincent Lopez, Eddie Duchin, Teddy Wilson; then, Dett’s “Juba Dance” and Liszt’s “Second Hungarian Rhap-
sody”.
Part II. “A Great Concert Pianist”, arranged by Henry Scott; “History of the Lost Chord” by Henry Scott, “Boggle Woogie a la Meade “Lux” Lewis” by Confrey and Scott, “The Three Dances” arranged by Henry Scott; “Pastoral” by Sarlatti; “Sewing On A Button”, “Ballad”, and “Little Boy Genius Grows Up”, all arranged by Scott; and finally “Music Appreciation”, written by Scott. * Part III. “Rhumba and Swing Tango”, arranged by Scott; “Chopin in the Citrus Belt”; by Edward Harris; “C Minor Waltz” by Chopin; and “The Absent Minded Vii'tuoso”. Rhythm at Any Cost” “Remarks”, and “Mittens on the Keys”, all arranged by Scott.
Coeds To Give Campus Variety Show July 31
Enjoys Play
Union Will Sponsor Star Dance Saturday
Television will have a profound effect upon out* Kves the war,” David Sarnoff, president of the Radio Corpdi^fioQ ^
America, declared Tuesday
By Bill Tyson
Delighting everyone who at-
By Katy Howes tended the production, the
When it’s left up to the coeds to use their' imaginations to Playshop cast led by George charge, systematized cutting, and Harry Reed’s orchestra, will the fullest in producing a program for the entertainment of Sykes and Carolyn Wood pre- take place on the women's tennis courts Saturday evening from
service men and civilians, the result includes everything from sen ted Kaufman and Hart’s 8:30 to 11:30. laugh provoking hit, “The Man Planned by the committee for service men’s entertainment. Who Came To Dinner”, in all civilian students, RCA cadettes, Curtiss-Wright and Wright
night in addressing S2 girls in training at the Univeraty as RCA engineering cadbttes. Sarnoff talked at a reception & his honor, following a topr ^ the campus which included the
“Dancing under the Stars”, complete with no admission room and laboratory worlt ^ t^e
girls and the extensive reamxeh television now in progress at the
a modified can-can and a censored strip tease to the singing
of sorority songs.
At least, that’s the result that was produced when rehearsals were held last night for the ■ , ' » . . .
“Coed Capers”, an all coed show which will be given in the Music Hall Saturday evening, July 31, and which will be open to the general public as well as to
the servicemen.
Groups To Present Ten Acts Skits whose action takes place in / a beauty parlor, a sorority house after hours and on a summer picnic in the country were among the ten which were previewed last night before A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations, J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, and L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, who are in general charge
of the program.
All eight national sororities on campus, PIA and WRH have entered the contest which will be judged on the basis of audience appeal. The organizations have been permitted full use of all of the facilities of the Music Hall, but ex-
forestry Meeting
Club Holds For V-12ers
University Forestry Club held a campfire meeting at the sawmill Wednesday evening at 8. The main purpose of the meeting was to acquaint the new boys, many of them V-12 trainees, with each other, their teachers, and the purposes of the club.
Director Reports Progress Of War Training Classes Over 50,000 Indiana residents have taken advantage of the University’s War Training program according to a report from C. W.
Beese, director.
These war training classes are conducted all over the state with a total of 160 courses now available for technical training. Classes are taught by a staff of over 800 parttime instructors selected by the University as experts in their par-
ticular field. New Courses
New courses are constantly being developed to meet the needs of In-
penditures were limited to 15 dol- diana’s war-time industry as well
as of the persons throughout the state who are anxious to fit into the
battle of production.
Not only have individuals profited by the training program but industry has too. More than 1,000 Indiana industries active in producing war materials have employees who have completed the tlniversity’s War Training courses in technical college-level study. Engineering Drawing Popular Most popular of the courses offered has been “Fundamentals of Engineering Drawing” in which 2,150 prospective engineers and draftsmen have sought advancement. Another veiy popular course was “Precision Measurements in
the Machine Industry”.
There have also been courses in chemical, civil mechanical electrical engineering; engineeiing fundamentals, industrial engineering and manufacturing, metallurgy and re-
lated sciences.
Fowler Hall last night. Not going into personalities to any great extent it is safe to say that the number of good perfoimances easily outnumbered those of a lesser caliber. By the end of the first act we were enjoying the show, and by the end of the second we were determined that although we probably wouldn’t be Industrial men charged with out before eleven, the last climax training responsibilities will meet would not escape our ears. at the University on Thursday and The play, as has been said by Friday, July 29-30, for the purpose many noted critics, is a hit in it- of discussing the theme, “The Efself so that it would take really bad fective Use of Manpower Through acting and timing to ruin the audi- Training”.
Industrial Leaders To Hold Conference Here Next Week
Field girls, and all service men
University.
“Particularly in the fiel4. cation where television, will the student to utilize ha sight as well as sound, 'great prd-
on the campus are urged to gress will be made,” Sqrnoftjflrie5<i[|s|come, meet and mingle. Cut Television has already
dances will be controlled by an-
^ planes and automobiles, and the de-
mand for these instruments as well as portable sets will estidblish a ma-
jor industry, he added.
As an example of practical ai^U*
which is the third m a series of four cation, Sarnoff described auRCA dftcampus entertainments for service yjce which permits an airplana to
men and women, will be carried out ggg itself land
nouncements from the bandstand in order to give everyone e
fair chance.
Decorations for the star-dance
lars for each group. Each act will be from five to ten minutes in
length.
Honories To Announce Pledges Another unusual feature of the program will be when Gold Peppers, University senior coed honorary, and Mortar Board, national senior coed honorary, announce their new pledges during the program and hold formal pledging ceremonies for them on the stage.
\
Exponent Staff Interviews will be held today in the West Faculty Lounge. If unable to appear at the scheduled time, come at 9 p. m. Electoral board will meet at 4 p. m. The schedule is as follows: 4:50, Abbett; 5:00,*Grotnes; 5:10, Steffes; 5:20, Swerdloff; 5:30, Howes; 7:00, Ford; 7:15, Wilbur; 7:30, Martindell; 7:45, Murphy; 8:00, 'fyson; 8:15, Lipes; 8:30, Smith; 8:45, Blemker; 8:55, Gaunt.
—BEALL
ence’s enjoyment; however, we could see no reason for blaming the play alone especially for our own. Heavilon Interrupts Heavilon did its usual duty of striking long and loudly at nine but after that the doorbells which were constantly ringing caught our attention more. Dominating the first act, George Sykes as Sheridan Whiteside, the “Man”, a famous writer and friend of the great, lands in an average American house situated in some Ohio town, to the confusion and expectations, which turn to consternation, of everyone. This sets the stage for a complicated plot which involves a very prim nurse, played capably by Connie McCoid, a young editor, Glenn Alabach, Whiteside’s secretary, acted in her usual convincing manner by Carolyn Wood, a movie actress, B e 11 y-the-part-fitted-her-Wedge, a movie actor, Milt Kaplan, a screwy Hollywood personality, Fred Bauchwitz. Impressions Just a few impressions good or bad with which we left are: Sykes unintelligible first words offstage, his first punch line, the shoit intermissions, one Christmas present attributed to two people, a hasty curtain at the end of act one, Kaplan looking for someone in the audience, Sarah Andrew still playing Claudia. We wish we could go tomorrow night.
Nationally known leaders in the industrial field will appear on the program, and intensive discussions of all types of industrial training, including supervisory, apprentice, and job education, will be carried
on.
Fletcher To Speak
Among the principal speakers will be L. J. Fletcher, training di-
in cabaret style in red, white and blue colors. Refreshments will be
available.
Dress Informal Dress will be strictly informal, the cooler the better. Outdoor dancing was experimented with last summer in the form of two outdoor dances, and since dancers took to the cool evening breezes much more enthusiastically than to the heat laden ballrooms of the Union, the experiment has become a tradition. The committee has defied the
The oncoRjmj^ plane
IS televised from the ground apd ^be picture transmitted to a recei?®? rhe plane. In the same mamieii^lie pilot can see conditions on the ffiela
before landing.
To overcome the.limited rapge q£ television broadcasts, SarnOff predicted that chains of relay ter stations would be established across the country or that eoaxpl cables would be laid from town to
town.
Research In Progress 14 Yeart Special research in television at-
Dr, F, R, Eastwood
rector of the Caterpillar Tractor weather and promised no rain, snow tjjg University during the ptiSt^l’4
Co., Peoria, 111.; Dr. Frank H. Sparks, president of Wabash College, who is on leave of absence to serve as Director of the Labor Utilization Division of the War Manpower Commission; J. R. Newland, senior standards examiner. Apprentice and Training Service, WMC; and Walter Dietz, Associate Director, Training Within Industry
Service, WMC.
Phi Gamma Delta
or sleet for the starlit dance, which years has resulted in the devqlopis the season’s first outdoor affair, ment of the method of f^usmg
cathode ray beams nbw^ in improvement in the synchronizatioii to transmitters and receivers; and infproved high frequency power sup-
plies.
Addressing himself diri^tlj| to the cadettes, Sarnoff said that bitious women should beabl^to^d places in industiTr after tile "tSElff
... of the University Division of Physical Education 'for Men, was re-elected president of the Industrial Recreation Association at the annual meeting of the organization
held in New York City last week. , , .... , Dr. Eastwood has been one of the men. Although they-B^
r
. . . announces the election of the following officers: C. Bernard Noelting, president; Robert C. Cameron, recording secretary; Geo. H. O’Neil, house manager; Ben Harvey, historian; Frank H. Dunn, Jr., corre-
sponding secretary.
The following men were recently initiated: Hugh Woolverton, South Bend; Skip Lange, New Augusta; Bruce P. Showmaker, Fort Wayne; William L. Borough, South Bend; William B. Beam, Mansfield, Ohio; and Jack Shephenson, South Bend,
prime movers in the development of the national organization which maintains national headquarters here ^t the University. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, July 26, at 4 p. m., in Eliza |k)wler Hall. A full attendance is expected. —Edward C. Elliott
President
find the going harder, there will no limit to their advancement if they use their heads, he added. Op, thfe whole, they will have equal Qpjppj;^tunity with men in the thehni<^l fields. RCA will offer thesa Vronii^
a chance to work in fOTeigp
particularly in their plants in Eng-
land and South America.
G. S. Meikle, Director of Reaeardi connected with industry, conducted the RCA head on a torn: of inspection of the special research beiQ|( done herte. Sarnoff also visited Rt^ cadettes in their classes Tuesday
afternoon.
'Case/ Of The ME Club ... ^^3^5 sjujen, Coed Engineer Comes Through union Stamp Drive Over Comments Of ME Faculty By Large Margin
Vulgar And Sacrilegious? , , , Burning Of Mechanics Books One Of Deceased Traditions
By Peggy Steffes Having the distinction of being the only coed in the Aero option of the M.E. school, Helen “Casey” Hoskinson a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, has long since become immune to laughing comments by the M.E. faculty thrown her way during registration. Contrary to what people would like to believe, Casey wasn’t nurtured on lubricating oil, nor was she reading Popular Science instead of Mother Goose at the tender age of six. It was by her sophomoie year in high school that the engineering bug got her; since then she has taken an avid interest in engineering calcujations, math being one of the loves of her life. A Woman’s Life According to Casey, Mr. Trebby, EE instructor, is “charming in a sarcastic sort of a way.” Last semester he walked into class on the first day, say a blond (Casey) in the front row and walked right out again. He was sure someone had made a mistake and didn’t think it was he. Mr. Siegel, machine design instructor, is “a very nice fellow” except when he’s taking off /points in tests merely on general principles.
As in the case of most engineers, Carey has trouble with non-techni-cal Curses such as English 32 and Psychology 1. However, she intends to graduate in February if “things work out—meaning ME 66.” This course is reputed to be one in which students’ patience is tried just to see how much they will take. Anything Can Happen Casey is in Mr. “Piston” Liston’s aeio class that meets at the airport. Here with legs neatly crossed she sits in the middle of the disassembly floor while the navy stands around “making cracks”. Eds in the class have announced that she will do a tap dance eveiy 15 minutes to satisfy their gazes. Coeds may think the current prepondiance of men on campus disturbing; however, Casey is used to elbowing her way through the crowds that gather at the door of the ME building. After being around so many men ever since her freshman year, she has d^ided that the ideal life would be raising cats in some secluded spot. “One never knows what may happen in class—anything from steam blowing in the face ’til your hair looks like a haystack or grease on
you from head to foot.” Once she tried to oil an engine that was running and found heiself in a spray of lubricating oil (it’s wonderful for the complexion). Mr. Von Overbeke, observing the disaster, chuckled, “Bet you won’t try that again.” Now that lady engineers are not a novelty on this campus, people no longer stare at the sight of a girl clutching a slide^rule, as was once the case. Howe^r, people still do wonder why girls take engineering, and when Casey was a fieshipan she would go into long detailed explanation on the subject. Now she hisses through her teeth, “I like it”. She jokingly remembers the time in her sophomore year when she had a date with a huge football player in the Home Ec school. While Casey blithly talked about steam engines, the fellow expounded the whys and wherefores of tunneled muffins. In true feminine fashion,/she refuses to wear slacks to labs where they should be worn; instead, Casey wears denim skirts. Among other things, she hates nail polish, to be pointed out as an engineer and to get lipstick on her drawings.
Latest returns from the Student Union sponsored war stamp sale are as follows: WRH, $125.95; Phi Gamma Delta, 17.75; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 16.00; Pi Kappa Alpha, 11.75; Alpha Chi Omega, 7.65; Alpha Tau Omega, 2.85; Alpha Xi Delta, 2.10; Alpha Sigma Phi 1.76; Phi l)[u, I16O. Sigma Alpha Mu, 1.20; Delta Gamma 1.10; Kappa Alpha Theta, 1.10; Theta Tau, 1.10; Triangle, 1.00; Tau Epsilon Phi, 1.00; Phi Delta Theta, .76; Theta Chi, .75; Beta Theta Pi, .70; Chi Omega, .60; Kappa Delta Rho, .60; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, .35; and Theta Xi, .10. These totals include the entire amount as purchased by the organization, and are not on a per capita basis. The contest, which will end with the end of the semester, counts only those stamps bought from the Student Union booth. \ All Exponent* Workers “YE LAST SUPPER” will be held Tuesday, July 27, 6 p. m. at Biltz’s Restaurant. Sign list in Exponent office by Saturday night if expect to attend. 'This is imperative. —BREWER.
By Ruth Ford Traditions have always been a part of the University, but traditions change with the years. In the library the other day we noticed a ti’ophy in the periodical room which aroused our curiosity enough to lead us on a search which unearthed an interesting tradition of the old days at the University. The trophy in question was presented to Murdock Flats, mechanics burning from Deac, Senior Class of 1910. To expjain this, we were directed by Miss Blanche Miller, libraiian in the periodical room, to a 1929 Alumni Record which told about the tradition of mechanics burning. Burned Mechanics Books In the 1880’s to the early 1900, a course in the Mechanical Engineei'ing School called Mechanics and Hydraulics was considered the big stumbling block in getting a degree from that school. Seniors looked forward to the day when they would attend their last mechanics class for the burning of their mechanics books followed shortly after this class. An elaborate procedure was followed for this ritual. Mechanics seniors as well as townspeople and underclassmen assembled in Fowler
Hall. Here an exaggerated funeral service was held for the Mechanics books with students giving orations on the course and professors who taught it. These speeches were none too complimentary. Program The program for the 1905 ceremony is as follows: Opening Chorus—By the Multitude Monologue—W. P. McPartland Importance of Mechanics—F. D. Ritter Ode to a Professor—Jimmy Cain Mexicano Hydraulic — Carlos Robles Gil Poem—J. W. Krull Views of a Buttinsky—A. Conarroe Before and After Taking—Jack Hill The Will—Omer Free Following a program such as this the seniois marched to Stuart Fiqld to the rhythm of a funeral dirge. There amid loud weeping, wailing and moaning the book was burned. As a fitting climax, a volley of shots was fired over the ashes. Seniors of different years added variety to their mechanics burning. One year an effigy of the book was burned. It was carried to the Stuart
Field on a stretcher. That year the ashes were presented to the president of the Junior CIas$. Mechanics burning was abol|3||^^ by the class of 1913. According ^ the Alumni Record, the day h;ai become one of vulgar slurs and W rilegious tendencies. It was gested that something different^ free from all suggestion ol fi chanics burning be inaugtu^a^ From this came a circus "" May Day celebration which wc held formerly. Freshmen Cap Burning Still on the subject of bqrni:^ there is freshmen cap bqt^^;w which is still practiced although its form is much different front ginal. The first pot burning wm held on the day the Bell House wip dedicated, May 19, 1918. graduation exercises were toSow^ which included a baccalanxeatp ^ dress, reading of class roll, and t|ie presentation of diplomas to the freshmen. Even the faculty tqo|t pait m the program by speeches. ^ After the program a bonfire tl||8 started in Stuart Field cheers and songs thf pota tossed in. A new class 0# had “graduated.”‘It
Poge2
Purdue Exponent
Y Offices: Editorial and Business l^urdue Menloriai Union, Phone 4005 $porfs, Pieldhoiise, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Is i**' ^»8®Se»y Miiitaiy HwnBirtto Mknaitsr with th« Colora iiR«r ■qldnnM Manager Hqira Editor Haiihgmg Editor Bditdt
William G Hoakins Dale E Batz Cerhard H Klouman
Rdbert W. BMwIiikle Mary Dllts Bally Beall Donald E Brewer A. Jane Keim Joeeph B. Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff iModialO llditoro-H B Abbctt C C Martindell E F Murj*hyrW JL TyaoUt W L Vermilion C J Wilbur Coed Staff Ruth Ford Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes iparU Staff, R M Lipes, B J Smith C E Sowards. Business Staff AMbtellt AdTcrtisIng Manager* C U Gaunt. livaDt Director J B Tabb is I Cbrcalation Manager. R G Sauenuan
Editor-in-chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue Nlaht Editor! Ford Issue Editor HbWeS Bar Editor Swerdloff Sports Editor Smith "Reporters Mnigolis Baynes Steffes Woeinei Georgeson ()|tden Wheeler
Ehterod as second class matter at the post OfficO In Lafay lrtta> Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 18T9 glM at the special rate of postage provided for in section UP act of October 3 191" authorized January JO 1922 Fubllsked on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur S t the year except certain vacation periods Delivered dailj ^carrier for $1 26 for a semester by mall foi $1 BO for a seWbstCr Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent plpCe or at the West Desk of the Union Bepresented for i ational advertising hy National Advertis ing Service Inc College Publishers HepresentiltivgB 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
VdSillHfilOK
Jm Rt9 U i Put OH.
QO-ROUHD
Purdue ExpandHt
Uim
ty DREW PEARSON ]|l^$MnRStaP General Asks Money for Stamps, Finds FDR 'Broke'; Hanials Warns FDR On Officials ■Washington—Postmastei Geneial Tiank 'Wal kp and Czech Ambassador Hurbati called on the Piesident the othei day with a sheet of newly pimted stamps commemoiatmg the valoi of Czechoslovakia PDR imtnhdiately began kidding Walkei about the fget that he was getting bald ‘Ross,” replied the Postmastei Geneial, looking down upon the seated Piesident, “you’ie getting bald yoprself Anj i\oilies’ “Not a woii\ 11 ll c woild,”'^ieplied FDR, lunning a hatid ovei his thinning ban “Well, you mustn’t woiiy,” joked Walkei, “we don’t Wknt you to get bald ” Thun he and the Czech Ambassadoi handed Roosevelt the new stamps for his collection The Piesident, one of the leading philatelists in the counti y, examined the new issue caiefully, complimented Walkei on it Then as his callels weie about to leave, the Postmaster General remarked “By the way, how about some money’ We’ie selling these to you, not giving them ” The President laughed and felt in his pockets They were empty Carefully, one by one, he examined each pocket He didn’t have a cent to his name Finally he had to send out and get some money to pay for the
stamps
NOTE Most people don’t realize it, but the Piesi dent of the United tSates seldom has an oppoitumty to ^pend anything for himself All liis household bills ate paid by the housekeeper When he travels, an aide takes care of all expenses So the President gets out of the habit of caiiying money Slop Miners' Dues? If John L Lewis could have heaid what went on at a Secret meeting of Assistant Piesident James Byrnes and Wat Laboi Boaid memheis his hiisute mane would have shaken like a bush m a windstorm One thing aeriously discussed at this meeting vas a government stop oidei on fuithei collection of dues by Lewis fiom United Mine Woikeis li he caiiies out hiB thieat to stiike if the coal mines are letuined to private owners Wai Laboi Boaid Chan man William H Davis, who h^B fought Lewis savagely all through the coal crisis, made it clear to Byrnes that he and his colleagues be heve in lestoring piivate owneiship ol the mines as soon as possible “The government is going to have to meet tins challenge by John L Lewis,” declaied Davis, “just as it IjjaBjWfet the challenge of employeis who have defied tlje goveinment, even il it means imposing sanctions of some kind.” Byines piicked up his eais and asked what could he done othei than enfoice the Anti Stiike Act to the best of the government’s ability “■tt^ell, if he continues to defy the goveinment,” suggested Dean Wayne Morse, WLB representative of the public, “theie’s one way to make him tome to his senses We should he able to stop him from col lecting dues A union is not justified m collecting dues in wai time while it is obstiucting pioductiorl” Byrnes replied that he did not know it the Piesi dent had authoiity under his vai poweis to take such a step, noi if the Piesident would take such a drastic step in any case But he agieed with the WLB mem hers that anothci coal stiike must be stopped at all
costs
The 'Chief' Warns FDR Most close filends of the Piesident call him “Chief” Ol ‘‘The Boss” But ex Secietaiy of the Navy Josephus Daniels is the only man in Ameiica with whom ex Secietaiy of the Navy Fianklm D Roosevelt leveises the piocess Roosevelt still calls him “Chid ’ As his old “Chief”, Daniels still does not hesitate to giVe hiB youngei fiiend m the White House occa Bional advice, and the othei day he did it thiough an editorial in his Raleigh (N C ) News and Observei Daniels recalled that “in 1917 18 Woodrow Wilson properly called in Republicans foi impoitant wai work. Nine tcntl s nr nem used then wai seivices to help tuin \\ 1 I (jaity out ol powei Roosevelt hah bent backwai d m avoiding paitisanship m putting HepuJiHeafis in key positions He will hnd that in 1944 lis in 1926 most of these Republicans will use the •xperience and influence of wai jobs to defeat Rohse-
Here's To RCA Cadettes ... Nearly three months ago, 86 selected RCA girls arrived on campus to begin their role as engineering cadettes. They were a group of excited gnls, excited not only about their new surroundings but also about their new courses which some day in the near future, 44 Weeks to be exact, should equip them as engineering aides to plan, di^sign and test radio equipmeiit. However, at the same time, they were just a little skeptical. How would the student body hs a whole receive them? Would they be resented by the eds since they Were hdre to prepare themselves for jobs that men up until the war preferred to feel that they only could fill? Then, too, how would the coeds react to th6ir presence, especially the WRH girls, since they were moving into their quarters? These were just a few of the questions that might hiive hindered the progress of the RCA cadettes. Let us view the girls now that they have become adjusted and let us see how they are fitting into the University pattern. At the very beginning they leahzed that, , being on the defensive, they must take the initiative They immediately strived to make fi lends A sample of their progress can be noted at meal time over at the Residence halls when RCA’s can be seen dispel sed among WRH girls instead of keeping within their own small groups Then, too, they’ve turned out for activities, showing enthusiasm enough to shame many of the Other gioups and regular students on campus They are active in the University choir Those with journalistic leanings tiequent the Exponent office regularly to turn out copy. Whenever there is a spoits callout of any type, the RCA cadettes are there in large numbers to take on any opponent. The one move that has made them especially well liked has been their willingness to share responsibility in the WRH Club With maid service at a minimum, it was found necessary to conscript regular coeds for a few hours of seivice each week The RCA girls, sent heie under contract, could not be requested to work However, they were not content to sit around and let others do their share Seventy ol the girls volunteered service which resulted in a lighter load for all As far as the eds on campus are “’concerned, they’ve not needed to take the back seat. It should also be added that they are achieving their goal, that ol becoming engineering aides fvith leports showing that, as a group, they are doing very well The little lesson that might be learned fiom these girls is: a desire plus effort will net huge returns in the way of a well balanced active life while at Purdue —c j w.
veil’s paity in the piesidential election “But in wai tunes, the big thing is to win the wai by a united countiy Roosevelt is legaided as a bettei politician (than Wilson), but he is taking chances ” Merry-Go-Round Reaction was so unfavoiable when Senatoi Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts agieed to leport the war inspection tup of the Five Flying Senatois loi the Associated Pi ess, that Lodge will not take along his typewiitei The Wai Depaitment, among othei s, didn’t like the deal, and the AP tie-up was finally cancelled New England wise-ciackers also claimed that it Cabot Lodge wrote for the Associated Pi ess it would bleak the old Boston tiadition “Heie’s to good old Boston, the land of the bean and the cod, wheie the Lodges talk only to Cabots, and the Cabots talk only to God ” Real tiuth about CPA’s stoimy petiel Lou Maxon was that he had spent little time at his desk in Washington for weeks His blast against the OPA when he resigned didn’t hint huh a bit with his lush list of advertising clients Isolationist Senatois Wheelei and Nye are iiked ovei the speaking campaign of Senatois Truman (Mo), Ball (Minn), Kilgore, (W Va ), Hatch, (N Mex ), Buiton, (Ohio), Ferguson, (Mich ), and Hill, (Ala ), to win the countiy ovei to a peace plan now, lathei than make it the football of politics aftei the war is won These Senatois, together with Repiesentatives Gore (Tenn ), Ramspeck (Ga ), Haitei, (Mass ), LjiFollette, (Ind ), Wiight, (Pa), Monioney, (Okla ), and Hale, (Me, will tom the entiie countiy by twos They come fiom both political paities, both houses of Congiess, and fiom both Noith and South (Copyxight, 1943, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
SsAvIce, SihifmdL. 2ncl Lt. James Oliver Mills son of Ml and Mis W 0 Mills of West Lafayette, has giaduated fiom the Naval An Tiainiiig Centei, Coipus Chiisti, Texas, and commissioned a second lieutenant in the U S Marine Coips Reserve He was a membei of Phi Gamma Delta while attend ing the Univeisity
- GRIirAIII lEAEfr
“I’ve combed the eiitife army and now have ready a spefcial invasion division made u^i of former insurance agents and process servers Personnel Notes English Began
Companies scneduled to visit the campus Sun Oil Company, Maicus Hook, Pa—July 23 Interested in August and Decembei Chemical Engineers North Ameiican Aviation, Inc, Inglewood, Cal—July 26 Inteiested mME,AE,EE,CE, Physicists, Mathematicians RCA Maiuitacluiing Co, Cam den, N J—July 28 and 29 Inteiested in August and Decembei E E , ME, P S E , Ch E , Physicists, Met E , Chemists The Glenn L Martin Co, Baltimoie, Md—Date to be announced Intel ested in August and Decembei AE,ME,CE,EE,PSE
The following companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, how evei, they aip interested in students foi employment I he Standaid Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio—Inteiested in M E , Ch E , Chemists Sign by Satuiday, July 24 Aimour & Company, Chicago, Illinois—Inteiested in M E Sign by Wednesday, July 28 Shell Developent Company, Emeiyville, Califoinia—Inteiested m Chemists (B S , M S Ph D ), Ch E , M E , Physicists, C E , E E Sign by Wednesday, July 28
Ensign Robert Riley foi student at the University, wbeie he was a menibci ol Della Upsilon, has giaduafed iiom the Naval All Tiaining Centei, Coipus Chiisti, Texas, and commissioned an ensign in the U S Naval Reseive He is the son of Mis Paul G Riley ol La layette
Infoimation can be obtained at the Peisonnel Office legaiding em ployment oppoitunities in the Indiana State Service loi Powei House Engineei Plant Maintenance Engineer Inteiviewei Bacteiiologist Welfare Visitor Dean Potter To Talk To Civilian, Military, Cadette Engineers Dean Pottei, dean of the School of Engmeeiing, will speak at an engineeiing meeting, Wednesday, at 7 30 p m in the faculty lounge of the Union This meeting is being sponsoied by the combined Univei sity engmeeiing student blanches Dean Pottei is speaking on, “The Ameiican Patent System” Pottei has served as chan man on the committee to investigate and examine patent laws and was appointed chan man by the President His talk will disclose some of the committee’s findings The meeting is open to all engineei ing students and staff All aimy, navy, inantie, Cuitiss Wiight, RCA, and Wiight Field gioups aie invited to attend PIA Picnic To Feature Swimming, Boating Puidue Independent Association memheis and guests will picnic Satin day alteinoon iij Columbian Paik, with the onteitainment beginning at 2 and the dinnei being seivcd at 5, according tP Chan man Jim Penile Swiirvttnng, games, boating, and othei iccieational activities have been scheduled foi the afternoon, Penile lemaiked, but the evening’s activities will depend upon the onginality and enteipnse ot the individual membei‘J Those inteiested may call ol leave a message lor Jim Penile at 2607 Ol Betty Jane Riboidy at 8471.
Thursday^ July 22, 1943 Is It Hard? Officials Set Deadline
By J. W. Curtittiihgs S/2c For Golf Tournament
Is it haid to be a sailoi And sail the ocean blue
When you wondei eveiy minute If you’ie gonna pull her thiough’
Marine Saying We have all heard repeatedly, “Tell it to the Maiines”, a sentence which is almost ah much a part of the Marine Coips as then song oi classy diess blues Quoting an aiticle published in the June issue of Coronet magazine, and wntteii by June Hanna, heie is how it staited “Accoidmg to Samuel Pepys’ ‘Diaiy’, wntten in the seventeenth ceiltiny. King Chailes II of England Was questioning a stoiy he had heaid about flying fish The king just couldn’t believe such creatures existed Finally, howevei, his colonel of Maiines veiified the repoits “Hencefoith, whenevei we cast doubt upon a tale that lacketh likelihood, we will tell it to the Maiiiies,” declaied His Majesty “If they believe it, it is safe to say it is
ti lie ”
Free Ball Game Sunday For Service Men, Ladies It will be “Ladies Night” at the Columbian Paik Stadium on Sun day night at 8 30 o’clock when the Lafayette Red Sox meet the Muncie Citizens in a continuation of the Ohio Indiana semi-pro championship senes Although the game will be one of the highlights of the local season, with Lafayette and Muncie battling to letain then lead ovei Cincinnati in the hard fought senes, the management has announced that all feminine baseball fans will be admitted without charge upon payment of the lequiied Federal tax of five cents In addition to admitting women upon payment of the five cent Fedeial tax, all servicemen in unifoim will be admitted fiee, and a special invitation has been extended to University trainees to attend J. H. Lunn Receives Position As Poultry Specialist Here John H Lunn, foimei instiuctoi of poultiy husbandly in the two year agiicultural couise at the University of Connecticut, has been appointed as an extension poultiy specialist foi the University, effective August 1, it has been an-j nounced by H J Reed, diiectoi of the Agncultuial Extension Depait-
ment
Lunn vntually grew up on the college poultiy plant at Oiegon State College since his futhei was foi a numbei of yeais head of the poultry depaitment there He giaduated from that school having majoied in poultiy husbandly ^ Gams Practical Experience Immediately aftei graduation, he became faim bupeiintendent of the Washington State College poultiy plant and later gained piactical expel lence with one of the laige teed companies in Oiegon He then became head of the Poultiy Depaitment at the Biistol County Agiicultuiul School in Massachusetts wheie he supeivised the constiuction of a new poultry plant adequate foi 1600 hens and sufficient bioodeis and lange aiea to handle 400 chicks Lunn, who is maiiied and has two daughters, will move with his family to West Lafayette in Au-
Is it hard to be a Captain Who stands beside the wheel When you know that we’ie not playin’ Rut that all of this is real Is it hard tb man a submaiine With Water on all 4ides, With death lurkin’ in the salty
sea
In which yotu vessel iides’ Is it hard to skim the water In a speedy P-T boat And drop “ash cans” on the axis Sb that allied ships may float’ Is it haid to make a latmg’ Is it hard to get a “qroW”’ Is it haid to leain the lessons That each sailing man should know’ Is it hard to leave th ertiainland With an endless sea in sight ’ Is it hard to stand a “dog watch” In the middle of the night’ Is it haid to fight a battle Way out m the salty sea. Just to keep Old Gloiy wavin’ O’ei the land of Libeity’ What IS haid is when you’ie sti anded. When you’re ciippled blind, oi deaf. When othei s look upon you As a “bioken down 4 F” If you cannot fly a foi ti ess If you cannot sink a ship. You can buy a lot of Wai Bonds And help u sailoi get a ‘Nip” Placement Notes For Women The Civil Seiviee Commission at Washington, D C announces positions at the National Buieau of Standaids at Washington, D C foi technical aides in quaitz crystals (Tiamees) at $1620 per yeai plus ovei time pay Pei sons inteiested in this mav leeeive fuithei infoimation at Placement Service for Women (2066) —Iiene Feldt, Diiectoi TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
With the semester rapidly drawing to a close, the Intramuial department has announced that thb deadline for playibg first round matches m the All-campus golf touiney has been set for Friday, July 23 A large number of the matches that have not been played as yet are listed in the Intramuial Notices located elsewheie on the page The officials of the tournament ask that the games listed be played immediately, and that the scoies be returned to the Intramural office According to the rules of the tournament those players wfio fail to complete then fiist lOUnd by the deadline will be dropped fiom the
play
Volunteers Avert Farm Labor Crisis As a result of the fai m laboi progiam airanged by J B Kohlmeyer of the University staff, seed producers, who a few weeks ago feared^ a seiious Ihboi shoitage, now have ample help in sight since about 1800 Indiana high School boys hav^ voluntceied to help detassel hybrid seed corn This announcement was given to lepiesentatives of both laige and small pioduceis in Indiana by Kohimeyei when they met with him Monday to check up on the number of helpers available Health Service student Health Service announces the 1 elease of the following f 10111 the Women’s Residence Hall Infiiiniaiy Evelyn M Eiiekson, Vivian Ewalt, Ina May Gimple, Edna C Maiidl, Maiy Jane Spuiiy, and Maiy G Wagnoi 'Ihe following weie released fiom the St Elizabeth Hospital Samuel N Stevens, and Aithui John Cobiiin Pvt Geoige Heidenieich and Pfe Henii S Rigowere weie released fiom ihe Home Hospital T/6 Haiold J Maiei enteied the Home Hospital
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY THE THREE mESQUlTEERS THUNDERING TRAILS
BOB STEELE TOM TYLER
, JIMAAIE DODO
^ NEtl OOAr ^ SAMHWr
? KARl HAOCen
A lEPOBllC PICTOI
and'
Mammoth
tvilh Walter Reedl Elisabeth tlisdon Marion Martin
ALSO
THE Bim OpOOil
— PLUS — PATHC NEWS
MARS TODAY - TOMORROW TO lOVE* TO FONl MUSIC!
BEnv ^ i ,Ji RHODES HrCAREY ^ with Marty May Cliff Edwards ^ Lorraine and Rognan \ DORA DRAKE
Diratiaii by Ralph Mvrphy A FargmounI Flclur*
liriigiM TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
TOS SCRKN'S MOST POPULAR COMEDY TEAM m ANOTHER FUN FILLED HITI w
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. RIP-ROARiG ACTION!
With fTYLER ROB STEELE IIUMY RGDD A Ro|)k>bltc l^lclura. tBRUniQHMlflBnBM PLUS—SECOND HIT
Q%
I j SOSlMUlty t.,r 11 I lilts
- • jAfe!
rBiFumit/
FlCIURE
'•S' lots I j
L
MOVE
with BRENDA JOYCE niCHARD FRASLR ELSA LANCHESTERArmy, P^avy, Marine News
r,-
^hursday, July 22, 1943
For Service l^en, By Service Sferi
PaiteS
Exponent Will Ans|y§f Many ASTP Questjpps By Pfc. L. Friedman ‘‘Do I get a commission out of ASTP ?” “Do I go back to the old Second (or Air Corps or Coast Artillery) after Fm thrdugh ?” " ‘What’s it all foi*; anyway?” If these questions, and others like them, are still plagping the ASTP men, don’t worry. They have most of us bothered. The best answers to them are not latrine rumors, believe it of ndt, but a bodklet prepared ‘ ■
Ami*
A PART IN WiNNtNil? TflOE anN, A MEAL AMEKICAN (JIRL, JOINS 'Tttlk WAks
VMxm mm sum TMe.wfeAcj-iJWIilf icultm m ouBmom WtJAVy RECfeUITjN&^TAtlONM WmmttWXm APPLP m Amirrm mvB^W CAti^N-^uMK! m,x ,, f PO Myp5412rtdo! JmWOPE ItCeirA Xt&Pli 500N1J
^URE BNOU^tilm S^T^AHifkV, AW Receives iaTI0f|1t)T«B NBARB^riePPflSfe: OPWAVAL dmCgftWIKURIWBMrt WHERE SflEK iMtERVlEWEP.
'you sAV you wamt] TO help wim the ^ 5M/TH?.
by the War Department for general consultation by eligibles. Field units have it— but almost certainly got it after the present ASTP men left for a STAR unit. And so, in the hope that a lot of the aforementioned rumors may be ghntly laid away, the Exponent begins herewith publication of “Fifty Questions and Answers on the ASTP.” To Give official Answers We’re going to skip the ones on how the men got here—their principal value now would probably be to impress the more cynical local belles—and surely they don’t need that any more. But more seriously, we do think they’ll get a lot of their questions answered here as completely and as officially as is now available. Quotes Marshall’s Announcement On the matter of the importance of the program and its general purposes, the best expression is still the memorandum of Gen. Marshall announcing the program. Dated April 1, 1943, it is addressed to the commanding generals of the Army Air^ Forces, the Army Ground Forces and the Army Service Forces. It is quoted here from the Fifty Questions: Army Handicapped By Shortages “The army has been increasingly handicapped by a shortage of men i)Ossessing desirable combinations of intelligence, aptitude, education and training in fields such as medicine, engineering,' languages, science, mathematics and psychology, Who are qualified for service as offitex’s of the army. With the establishment 0:( the minimum selective Service age at 18, the army was compelled to assure itself that there Woud be no interruption in the flow of professionally and technically tx'ained men who have hitherto been provided in regular increments by American colleges and univei’sities. ^‘The Army Specialized TrainingProgram was established to supply the^needs of the army for such men. The objective of the program is to give specialized technical training to soldiers on active duty for certain army tasks for which its own training facilities are insufficient in extent or character. To that end the Army has contracted with selected colleges and universities for the use of their facilities and faculties in effecting such training of selected soldiers in courses prescribed by the army. Available To Attend OCS “Successful candidates of the program will be immediately available to attend Officers’ Candidate Schools and technical schools of all the armed services. The ASTP is not earmai’ked for any particular arm, service or component. Graduates will be assigned according to need
I*
t. Lupus Amorosus Appears bn Campus Dressed In Sun Tan By Pfc. Harold Hershenhart Lately a great deal of interest has been ai-oused by the appearance on the eampus of- a new specie of fauna. We i-efex-, of course, to^the much publicized C. Lupits Amorosus (military). ^ C. Lupus Amorosus (mil.) has been x-ecognized in various forms since ancient times, and the early literatux-e abounds in references to this interesting creature. The modern variety, which has become very numerous in late years, measures from five to six and onehalf feet, and may weigh as little as 130 or as much as 250 pounds. The color of the coat during the warmer • seasons is a light shade of brown, which, however, dax-kens considerably, usually overnight, with the approach of cooler weather. C. L. Amor, (mil.) is easily recognized by its'strange conduct towards the feminine sex (homo), in whose presence it emits peculiar high pitched sounds which it forms by blowing air through the slightly parted labia. It has also been known to make moaning sounds which are almost human in character. Coeds unfamiliar with the conduct of this strange animal have been unnecessarily upset, for eminent naturalists have ascertained that the beast, when properly tamed, is entirely harmless. In fact, it is widely believed that the weird sounds are merely expressions of endearment and affection. It may be of interest to note that women research workers report that they make useful and obedient pets. It is’ Our hope that this little article will aid to a better understanding of ,C. Lupus Amorosus (mil.) and temper the sometimes intolerant attitude exhibited towards this amiable creature. Registratic^ Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the Navy Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s Of--flee. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
in the same manner newly inducted men entering- the at-my are classified and assigned, primarily on the basis of px-e-induction skills or professions. The program is army wide in scope.” (Questions and answers will be given in subsequent installments).
'THE NAVY DOCTORS FIMP YOU AR£\ gN 50UNP HEALTH,$MITH/ ) THE NURSE WILL (NSTRUCt • VOU IN VOUR NEXTSTEP.
AllHRILLINE MOMENTFOR4NN arrives WHEN SHE <5 FINALLY SWORN IN AMD IS NOW IN THE SERVICE OF UNCLE SAM.
Hflfis Two Wins First iiWI# In Navy Softball Clevett Organizes Army Sections^ ' Prepares For Intrarnural Contests, House two occupied by sections three and four of CompahS^ D, Navy V-12, headed out section three. Company C, by a score of 9 to 8 in the fir.^t softball game played last MtMdaf' night. ‘ •’ j-’ ’ Winning pitcher was Hickman, losing pitcher Delt Werts. Four of the winhin£ team’s ruhs wereiscored in the first inning
with three singles and a home run by A1 Jeffers with two on. First of the V-12 '^oups to organize any intramuraFcottipetition, men living in house two, formerly the Phi Kappa
WATCH FOR THE FURTHER ADVENTURES OF ANN IN THE NEXT INSTALLMENT OF THie STORY.'
Gets Army Useful Men
Separates Real Criminals From First Offenders; Makes Better Citizens
Rehabilitation Center ^and kecruits
Navy, Marines For Navy Outfit Last Tuesday evening- an official callout was held in Cary Hall for all navy and marine men interested in forming- a navy band. Commander Bartley, who presided over the meeting, and Professor Emrick endorse this plan as one in which the men will have an opportunity to enjoy themselves while keeping up with their music. j Until the end of this semester the navy band will be combined with the University symphonic band, and after that time both bands will be massed into one large marching- or-
ganization.
Men who are interested in this new organization and who were not at the Tuesday night meeting may still sign up. Tryouts may be ax--ranged any day in the band headquarters office in the Music Hall. The present list of tryouts is posted on the bulletin board outside the headquarters office. Student Union . . . yesterday played host to 100 tea-dancers in the North ballroom of the Union. Dancing at the “juke box jamboree” was to recorded
music.
Buy War Bonds
By Cpl. .lack Martixe
The army needs capable men, society needs good citizens and men need their self-respect. To fxxlfill' these needs is the mission of the Rehabilitation Centers. In the present situation the army is primarily interested in the first of these components, but the others ai-e important to society and the individuals of
which it is composed.
What are the altei-natives to sxxch centers? The men could be put in the guardhouse for the dui-ation; they could be dischai-ged from the ai-my; or they could be shot. But what good does that do? Many of the men have made only one or two mistakes for which they formei-ly would have paid too high a punishment price. The importance of the R.C. becomes obvious. Let us understand that a larg-g part of these men are intelligent, capable, and may be of gi-eat use to our army. Some have one ox- more degrees from the best univei-sities, others have had positions of real responsibility in civilian life. It would be useless to condemn these ixien for-
evex-.
Follow Anti-Social Habits And after the war, what? Of what use is a man who has lost his rights of cit^nship ? To whom will
he be of any use ? Men with Dishohorable Discharges will not be able ■to get any sort of position of trust and their paths of livelihood will be extx’emely limited. The tendency to follow anti-social habits will be exaggerated. The making- of good citizens will be as important after the war as it is now to sklvage good
material for the ai-my.
This is a democracy and the importance of the individual is of pi-i-mary interest to all of us. Helping those who err is the charitable thing to do. But charity is not the weak sort of activity that that word usually connotes. To make a better citizen is to make tx better society, to make a better society is to make a better nation and world. That is the hoped-for eventual result of the
rehabilitation centers. Mistakes Inconsequential
In actual practice the lunxian eleixxent necessitates mistakes in the restox-ation 'of certain men and the non-restorxition of others. But that is comparatively inconsequential when the program as a whole is rec-
ognized.
In addition to all the above results, many real criminals are beingseparated from the first-offenders. (See REHABILITATION, Page 4)
The Forum By Pfc. Gabriel Elias The Ivory Tower Typical of the manner in which some of the educated, understanding Americans have deserted their duties as leaders of democracy is the over-readiness of college students to discard familiar concepts as “cliches’ Because our colleges have ever sought new developments in all fields and have taught their students to aim for individual expression, some students have misinterpreted these laudable attitudes by acquii-ing a disdain for the common and the old. No matter how much we prize open-mindedness and characteristic American willingness to accept the new,—rather, because we do prize these qualities,—we must not pervert them to justify the attitude of the egocentric snobbish sluggard who says, “Oh, we all know what democracy’s about. Don’t ask me to talk about that. That stuff’s trite even to the stupid”. This Gave Adolf His Chance In Germany it was just this kind of distinterested intellectual smugness that gave be-xnoustached Adolf an unchallenged field in which to sow the Nazi seeds of hate, distrust and destruction. While the educated people of good will elimbed lip into their towers of “intelligentsia-isin”, Schickelgruber rose fi-om the depths of ignorance to address the people in theii- own language. So fatal was this abdication of leadership by the leai-ned (to the forces of mental and mox’al dax-kness) that we are fighting civilization’s hugest war to x-ectify the results. Adolf’s success stems from his recognition of the power of mass appeal. Realizing that the masses can be won over by clever emotionalism to accept even principles that run counter to their own interests. Hitler adopted the techniques most likely to elicit iri-ational active support froixx the masses. Since he knew the reasoning elements to be incapable of devoting themselves blindly to his perversions, he pinned their ears back with contempt and persecution, thus destroying their natural hold on the natioxx’s
thought.
Majority Does Not Analyze The majority, he i-ealized, has not the time, inclination or ability to analyze. The average man knows only emotioh, action, doing,—not reflection or analysis. Dramatic media xnust be used because, besides convincing, they gain blind support for any position; while rea(See FORUM. Page 4)
fraternity house, are hoping ,to organize competition between living units occupied by navy men. They will play against a team from the former Kappa Delta Rho’ house tonight. Chief Clevett, head of the University intramural department encourages the men to continue their organization and will begin regular league competition between navy x-esidence groups nexj. yiiedk. Army Begins Next ^eek Competition between army groups will begin next week under the direction of Capt. H. M, John‘ son, athletic officer, ASTU, who is working with the inti-amural department. Each section of each battery jvill contpete under the direction a sectiorfathletic manager. He wii! be elected by the men in his sectiqh to captain their team. Softb^, the first sport, will be played t\dce a week, games beginning at 6:30 m. and taking place on intraihural field. Battery Organization ‘ ‘ Each battei-y has an assistant athletic officer. In Company A, 2pd Lt. I. Weiner holds the position, while 2nd Lt. W. Lucas, Battery C, 2nd Lt. C. E. Dinnis, Battery D 2nd Lt. H. U. Fertic, are managers for their respective batteries. Equipment will be issued at,-.the intramural window in the fieldhouse for each game. On intramui-aPfield, 14 diamonds are available at present beginning with diamond; one at the south end of the field. Chief Clevett indicated that more would be available if needed. Navy Instructors Compete At the pi-esent time two, teams composed of members of the Naval Plight Instructors school stationed at the airport are competing in.the fraternity softball contest., Sailors of the electrical school began an elmination softball contest Monday in which sections of Companies 12 and 13 are competing. A trophy will be awarded to the Vrillining section and awards made to the individuals on the -winning team. All game results, league or competition standings will' be planted on this page iii future. Athletic managers wishing to report results of their games should call the Elkpoonent office. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Two Weeks In Cary Hall Or Why The Rover Boys Left Camp Rv T/So-f .T«frv Ifnflttino- ' 7 ' ' ~ ' ' '
By T/Sgt. Jerry Koetting
“This is a helltiva life,” I muttex-ed unhappily. “Can’t even go to town in the afternoon without a pass.” Reflecting on this sad situation, I stretched out on my bunk in W313, Cary Hall South, and promptly fell
asleep.
' I was awakened by a bugle sounding off Reveille, accompanied by the shrill blasting- of a G. I. whistle. I opened my eyes and looked ax-ound.
What was this ?
In some strange xnanner W313 <.Yo,,_hey you in the corner,” he had been transplanted. Yes the bed bellowed', “get out of there! Where
was under me, and under that the sxhooth composition floor; there was the desk, the chest of drawers and the lamp—but, where were the oth-
er two walls ?
Room Becomes Army Barracks
yu think yu are—in collich?” I looked at my Watch. Then I
looked again.
“Why it’s only a quarter to six,” I said. “Apd besides,” just noting the weather through the window.
My room, such as there was of it, ‘ijfg rainihg.”
was in a nice, snug, drafty corner of «]s[ow ain’t that tough!” says my a gold ol’ Army barracks. You know friend, the Sergeant. —those two-stoi-y frame jobs, “No, I’m gorry,” I said firmly, “in painted on the outside but with that AST we never got up until 6:30,” “natural board finish” on the liiside. and turning away I slid down beWlde board flooring, 2x12 joists tween the double sheets, fitted myholding up the ceiling, good sub- ggif a special bend of inner-spring stantial windows and iron hunks, mattress and went soundly back to
with similar mattresses. Clothes sleep,
hung under a few shelves along the Showqrs Changed Too wall. And from these a frowzlod- Being a man of principle, I arose looking bunch of fellows were promptly txt 6:30 and went down the sleepily grabbing fatigues, leggins “hall” (between bunks) to take a and raincoats. shower. Somehow they had negMy survey was interrupted by le'eted to tile the floox-, and I found the Sergeant, a sturdy cuss with a concrete underfoot instead. The tigerish look and a strong voice, walls were tin instead of marble in
the shower room, but “This is War,” I said to myself, and plunged in. Ye gods—was the hot water cold ? I was afraid that at any minute an icicle would come out of the spray and bop me on the head. “Bux-r,” said I. “Now when I was at Cary Hall— ' “Shuddup,” somebody said. So I shud. Fatigues In Order I was just getting into my suntiuis when the jovial Sergeant waltzed up again. “Say handsome,” he growled. “It gives me great pleasure to inform you that you can get into fatigues—” “Fatigues? What are those? Playsuits, sorta ? “These!” he hissed, pointing to his own bonny blue outfit. “You’ll get used to theixx again. Anyhow, put ’em on, and report to the head cook. Then—guess what!” “Not K.P.!” quoth 1. “K.P.”, he said. Classes Call ‘'Well Sergeant, I’d sure like to, but”,—pulling my schedule card fi-om my pocket—“I htive a tough class at 8 and another at 9 and free periods at 10 and 11. Now don’t argue,”—as he reached fox- a high note—“it’s right here on the card.”
And so saying, I grabbed my books and skipped off to find a class. At noon time I looked all over for the corridor leading- to the dining room, but was finally informed that here one just walked through the rain to the mess hall, and then stood in line to get chow. So away I splashed. Chow Time “Ctiry Hall was never—” I began, when one of the tired-looking field soldiers (he’s probably been sleeping- too much—it’ll do that to you!) interrupted. “Oh yes,” he said, “we’ve fixed that for yoxx”. So when the boys filed in, sure enough—there was my tray with the red-border china. The slick, stout oak table with arm chairs looked a little out of place next to the rough boards and benches of the mess hall, but being a big guy I invited the tired-looking soldier over. 1 looked enviously at his plate— the hxrge, limp pile of mxicaroni, the tender piece of liver which I leaned across to help him carve with a sharp knife, and the “substantixil” bread pudding we lifted onto the table. Being a good soldier
I said ’nary a word, and just made out as best I could with my two pieces of fi-ied chicken, and the potatoes, cake and coffee. “After all, this is War,” I said to myself. Tough Afternoon The aftex'noon was a tough one. Unfox-tunately, I couldn’t accompany the fellows out onto the infiltration course. You know, where they shoot live ammunition about 36 inches over your head, or whatever portion of you sticks up highest. Obviously these fellows, who got to crawl along, had it pretty easy; while wo had half an hour of stiff calisthentics (or was it I who was stiff?), finishing with an exhausting 10 minute swim. I Was completely piffled when I reached the barracks. The boys were hai-d at work! “This floor’s got to be scrubbed . . .it’s got to look goqd. . .see!” said the ever-exuberant Sergeant. I watched the fellows on ^heir hands and knees, plying the brushes. “You’re right. Sergeant,” I said. “We should all do our share.” And so I got my dust mop out and carefully went over ixiy 8’xl2’ composition floor. I even went under the bed with it.
Study Time This of course completely wore me out, but being a determined soldier I settled down at my desk to study. I was interrupted by a timid shout: “Hey, buddy, how about borrowing your floor lamp.” The break was annoying. So I just told him: “No, you’ve got a good 25-watt bulb stuck in the ceiling just two bunks away from yours. What do you want—sunshine?” Then I went back to my studying. I did regret that it kept me from taking a turn at guai'd dixty. I missed the brisk walk in invigorating night aix-, the bracing four hours out nder the stars—and rain. Pocket Knife Needed Another slight interruption. The poor guy next to me was looking foxsomething in the bottom of his foot lockex-. You know how it is to fipd anything- small in the bottom of a foot locker. “What are you looking fox-, old man?” I asked. “That—pocket knife of mine,” he replied. “Oh, here,” I said with generosity. And opetiing drawer No. 3 of the chest of drawers, pulled out my
nail clipper and loaned it to him. He was impressed. JOh! Guard Duty I was just getting back to Work when the Sergeant came over again, a mean glint in his eye. “Were—uh—^wex-e you thinking of doing anything this week end?” he asked casually. “Why yes,—”I began. “Well, skip it!” he said exultantly. “You can do KP Saturday 'and guard Sunday!” -« “But Sergeant—”I started to protest. ^ * “YOU heard me,” he shouted. “But you cixn’t do that,” 1 bellowed. “I’m in the ASTP. We get eff week ends. We—you—I—We—'.” Back To Reality As I opened my eyes, all fdur walls of the room stood solidly in place. It was quiet. I gave a, good, clinching look ax-ound the rooih, Vos it was W313, and back in Cary HiU. Hxill. ' ' ' ' I lay there thinking for just a minute. - ' Then I thought of xxot being able to get into town this afteriioon. “This is a helluva life,” I mumbled. But I’m afraid my hoaxrt wasn’t in it.K'r'i\ ' t ‘I
%>,v f
Wn-V
INTRAMURAL CONTESTS START
Pufdm Expomnf
Thursday, July 22, 1942
f ;A"
TRACK PRACTICE SCHEDULED FOR AUGUST 6
125 Football Prospects ■” ,... ;f3 Gridiron Mel p|jn Meeting August 6
Attend Daily Practice *rhere has been a steady, day by day increase of candidates in the first week of summer football practice. Last Thursday, when practice started, there were about 90 prospects. Last
night there were 125.
The first three weeks of practice will be devoted to toughening up the players. This will be done through calisthenics, signal practice, punting and passGophers Report 80 Football Prospects Tension over football prospects has been relieved at Minnesota with the reporting of moie than 80 candidates to Headcoach Dr. George Hauser, whose practice period has
ing drills. Since most of the players have not played any football since last fall, these first three weeks will give them a chanCe to get the feel of the ball again, instead of taking the time from the fall practice which will be needed for other things. The last week of summer
practice, according to conference jjqw been under way for a week, rules, will be for scrimmage. This ^he program will be interrupted for will be the only opportunity for con- ^ fg^ days at the end of this week tact work during the summer prac- for exams, at the end of the first tice session. summer term, but then Will be reMostly Trainees sumed to run the full four weeks.
A gieater per cent of the candi
All Campus Golf
Friday, July 23 is the deadline set by the Intramural Office for the first round of the All Campus Golf. Many have not yet played therr matches and unless you contact your opponent and play as seated above you will automatically be dropped frrom the tournament. The following matches are yet to be
played:
Championship Flight John Sines vs. T. M. Noure Red Mackey vs. C. C. Davis “A” Flight W. F. Stuart vs. Sam Voinoff Ed Wells vs. Emmett Lowery J. B. Peuquay vs. C. E. Cole Mario Mansueto vs. Joe Regains E. G. Pitat vs. H. Shechter • Larry LaBree vs. John Pardee “B” Flight Nick Kupchick vs. Homer Allen Dan Guild vs. Leo Wynd
dates are in either the navy or the marine training corps. There are some civilians who are either under age or who have deferments who are out for football, but this group IS relatively small. Coach Burnham and his assistants, Mackey, Reeck, Lowery and Voinoff, are awaiting the arrival of Cecil Isbell, who is taking over the backfield coaching job previously held by Mel Taube. He is expected to arrive next Tuesday. Will Keep 35 On Varsity After the summer practice is over the coaches will cut the team down to about 35. The rest of the men will be put on the B team and on the freshman team. Ed Cycenas, last year’s halfback, is the only Boilermaker letteiman back this year. There are about 30 other lettermen from other campuses, many of them coming from Illinois, including Alex Agase, AllAmerican guard. The rest are from Missouri, North Dakota, Northwestern and Iowa. Notice Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Notices
PIA Members: Picnic July 24 at 2 p. m. in Columbian Parl< Picnic dinner and swimming. Call or leave meshaKe for James Penile, 2670, or eBtty Jane Ribardy, 3471. —PERILLE Episcola Students: Service on Sunday, July through August at the St John’s Church, Cth and Ferry Sts., will start at 8 a m with holy communion and the morning seivice at 9.45 —THORNTON Omicron Nu: Important meeting Tuesday, July 26, at 4 p m in the Home Economics building. Officers will be elected Be there.
—BEALL
Staff Members: Members who wish copies of the new ‘catalogue may get them by telephoning the cditoib’ office or calling in pelson. —BODDEN Math Conditions. Examinations to remove conditions in mathematics will be given July 24, 1 30 p m , in room 218 of the Recitation building A permit to take the examination must be obtained at the Math office not latei than Priday noon, Julv 23.
—AYERS
Phi Delt Actives: AH mcmbcis of Phi Delta Theta social fratf^rnitv an urged to attend a meeting at 7 15 tonight, July 22, in the Swedish I.iOungc of the Union Plans will be discussed for a paity
—CASSIDY
Student Union: Meeting of all freshmen and sophomores in olliee 'Ihursday at 4 15. Very important —BOWLBY Student Senate: Meeting Monda>, July 26, at 8 p m. in the Senate office
—THOMAS
Fre‘Nhmen Engineers: No meeting of GE 1 or GE 2 Saturda>, Jul> 24.
—KNAPP
Classified Ads
Typewrltere: Addme macninca, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeoeruph work done. C J. Ebtrshoir. 606 Mam, Eafayelte. Phone 2770. Mune> to Loan; On diamonda, watches, dtuns, luggatre, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia Wanted—To nrit, alto saxophone, tjood eondition. Call 7670'2 Jiua Hatt'er. lajst—Candid camera, Cei man Viririn in room 101, Education tiuildiri;;. Reward J J . Could. Phone 6226 I.aiBt—LED Dctitrig Slidi Ruk, ME Puildiiig Kenneth R Studdir on ease. Rtwaid 6200.
I Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Fall’practice will be started again about Sept. 4, three weeks before the first game on September 25. Dr. Hauser does not expect to turn out a championship football team, but does expect to pioduce a creditable showing in an abnormal and difficult year for athletics. Nineteen have been lost to the Marine training corps on other campuses, most of them going to Noithwestein, Michigan and Notre Dame. A few of the old-type Minnesota behemoths aie back, principally Paul Mitchell and Ed Lechner, a couple of tackles. Bill Garnaas Back Chuck Avery, transfer from Michigan, will be a backfield prospect, along with booting Bill Garnaas, veteran quarterback of Minnesota’s 1941 and 1942 teams. To go with the linemen already named. Bill Aldwortb, who is now working out in Montana, expects to be back. Last fall Aldwoith was practically first string. 'Tom Slettehaugh, freshman from Minneapolis, and Loren Palmer also a freshman, from Laurel, Montana, are good fullback candidates. Just one player is down on the Minnesota squad list as a transfer from another Big Ten university. He is Bob Dean, 190 pound guard candidate who was a student at Indiana University last year. A touch of the old cooperation has been given to the Minnesota squad by the United States Navy. Ens. Frank Patrick, former Pittsbuigh football great, and Chief Spec. John Scafide, who was a brilliant guaid at Tulane under Bernie Bieiman a dozen yeais ago, have volunteeied to help with the coach-
ing.
WAA To Hold Golf Meet WAA will sponsor a “Scotch Foursome” golf meet next Sunday on the Univ^isity golf couise. A “Scotch Foul some” is comprised of two sets of paitneis, with each set using only one ball. The event will be open to everyone attending the Univeisity with sei vicemen stationed heie particulaily invited. Entiints should meet at the club house at 1:30 Sunday afternoon. ^ A fee of 30 cents foi 9 holes will be the only chaige. Additional infoimation may be obtained by calling Betty Hutchins at 5091. Six Players Compete In Ward Tennis Play Aftei waiting for several weeks foi a sufficient number of Ward tenin.s playeis to sign up for the annual tennis tournament, the Intramuial depaitmeiit has decided to conduct the touiney with only six men in the competition. Again because of the lateness of the stait ot the competition it ha.s been necessaiy for the intramuial officials to set a deadline of Saturday, July 24, for the completion of the fiis't lound of play. Notice Subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have moved in the last few days please, call at the Engineer office in the Union and have address changed. —J. T. KIMBRELL
Ward Tennis Singles The first round of the Ward Tennis Singles must be played off and results reported to Intramural Office by Saturday noou, July 24. Following are the drawings: Bob. Lindblade, No. 2670 vs. H. R. Horner, No. 71061 R. E. Rawlings, No. 8421 vs. R. F. Luley, No. 36561 Paul E. Hess, No. 6661 vs. M. Struts No. 41064
Fraternity Badminton Singles are scheduled to Start about July 26 and the doubles about July 28. Entiy blanks will be sent out soon on these two events. Fraternity Table Tennis is also scheduled to start on or about July 28. It is also planned to have a Fraternity Rifle tournament about the first week in August. Please watch Exponent for further announcements concerning these events.
Fraternity Softball Thursday, July 22, 194.3—6:45 Diamond— 1 Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Tan 2 i^avy Flight 1 vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda 3 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. A.T.O. & Phi Sigma Kappa 4 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Theta Chi & Pi Kappa Alpha 6 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta 6 Navy Flight 2 vs. Phi Kappa Sigma & Sigma Nu 7 Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha & Sigma Pi 8 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi & Sigma Phi Epsilon 9 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Triangle 10 Phi Sigma Theta vs. Theta Xi
(Continued from page J)
son generally brings a vacillating tentative adherence that lacks the positiveness of emotional blindness. So, Hitler took the cliche spurned by the reasoners and made it his prime weapon. Tell your people the something over and over again, he ordered. It matters not that it be false. Be dramatic. Personify your enemies to give your people a concrete object to hate. Make your lies tremendous, for you thus lend drama to your statements. Repeat your lying slogans untih-you have intoxicated the masses with the rhythm of oft-recurring patterns.
Many Self-Content
Unfortunately, even while engaged in a crusade to purge the world of the wild philosophies spi’ead by the technique of mass appeal, many still cling to their haloed recesses of self-content. Longwinded discussions of new fanglcd cults are still preferred to active dissemination of the faith of Democracy, of Jeffersonianism, of Lincolnism. Even now, too many''take Americanism for granted and waste themselves hunting delicate refinements in esoteric thinking. Ivory Towerites, join the battle of education! Unless the people of good will and understanding accept their destined leadership, unless they use all techniques for spreading the democratic word to all, without exception, the salesmen of sadism will steal the leadership thus spurned and use it for evil
ends.
The lines are drawn; democratic understanding against Fascist demagoguery. Which will you have ? Rehabilitation (Continued from page 3) Tills is a piotection to the army in that a criminal cannot be put in a place of tiust wheie he might endanger the lives of a whole outfit aside from his own. Everyday society is protected from the potential or actual tiouble-makcrs. Results Amazing The far-ieaching results of such a progiam are amazing. Here is a really democratic attempt to help those who are woith helping. Here is a situation in which clearheadedness, intelligence and foresight are blended to make a p^’ogram that is progi'essive and is an example of what can be done. The ends desired are often obvious; but here, differing from many situations, the means to that end are supplied. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Prices Announced By Athletic Director Ticket prices with a standard-' scale set at $2.60, including tax, have been established for reserved seats for the University is four home football games this fall, it was announced today by Guy Mackey, athletic director. Mackey also announced that a season ticket for the four home games with Illinois, Camp Grant, Iowa, and Michigan State will be offered at the reduced price of $8.00, including tax, representing a saving of 20 per cent. Season ticket purchasers will be al-
lotted preferential seats.
Ticket prices for games away from home were also announced from the office of C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Road game ticket prices will range from $2.50 for the Marquette game at Milwaukee to a top of $3.30 for the Ohio State game to be played in the Municipal Stadium in Cleveland. There will be no general public sale for the Great Lakes game, at-
Fraternity Galf For those Fraternities still interested in entering the tournament we are again extending the time for play through Sunday, July 25. This will definitely be the last extension of time and unless you have played and score caid turned in Intramural Office or Staiter House, you will be definitely out of the tournament. Each Fiateinity is to play at least 4 men against playeis of another fiateinity. Make you own individual match aiiangements and have your opponent sign your card. Your 4 best scoies totaled will be the team total, the two low fiateinities will play in the finals for championship.
The following aie the drawings for the All-Campus Tennis Singles, the fiist round of which must be played off and score reported to 1. M. office by Monday moining, July 26: Ray Morgan vs. R. D. Martin Hiishman, S. E. vs. J. M. Hurwich C. C. Clarke vs. R. L. Mayhow Howard Shapiro vs. Bob Lindlad W. A. Woods vs. Warren Matthews L. Campbell vs. G. N. Viiens R. E. Grey vs. Knobby Walsh Bernard Kapell vs. E. P. Lowery Warren Easley vs. W. Watters Nat Laskiii vs. R. A. Ti^ochet R. E. Rawlings vs. W. J. Pedersen Goidoii Giffoid vs. R. W. Platt Dave Koehler vs. D. C. Gripe A. C. Wuiider vs. Ed Wells H. R. Hoi ner vs. L. Holtzman R. W. Abbott vs. P. R. Chambers. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Give yourself a fragrahl pal On the back with this dainty, flower sprinkled powder mitt. Filled with apple blossom dusting powder that filters through like cool, ^ smooth velvet against your skin Refillable, cfcou,«
US Pol No 2233684
CoBtneticB
Street Floor
For Trade Candidates Assistant Track Coach Homer Allen has announced that there will be a meeting of all men interested in cross country and fall track August 6 in the Fieldhouse. Exact details and the location of. the meeting will be announced in the Exponent at a later date. Allen said that plans are being made to start the fall track ■■■■■■■■'■ season about the first of Sep-
tendance being restricted to sailors ' at the Station. Prices Listed The complete schedule of games with ticket prices follows: Sept. 18—At Great Lakes (No Pub-
lic Sale).
Sept. 25—At Marquette $2.50 Oct. 2—Illinois here . .. 2.60 Oct. 9—Camp Grant here ^ 2.50 Oct. 16—Ohio State at Cleveland . .. 3.30 Oct. 23—Iowa here .. 2.50 Oct. 30—At Wisconsin 2.75 Nov. 6—At Minnesota . 2.75 Nov. 13—Michigan State here 2.50 Nov. 20—At Indiana 3.00 The advance mail order sale of season tickets for home games is expected to be opened this weekend, with the sale of tickets for single games both at home and away to be launched the first week
in August.
To All Fraternities All fraternities that have lost their houses, please notify the Fraternity Affairs Office of new addresses of houses and the names of the members living out.
—MOORE.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Student Union Offers Prizes For Tourney Furthering that competitive spirit, the Student Union is sponsoring three pocket billiard tournaments, one for the soldiers, one for the sailors, and one for the marines. Even the lowiest of pocket billiard players among the servicemen is encouraged to take the cue for the contest. The rules which are simple, are as follows: 1. No admission charge. 2. Service men only. 3. Games to be played at convenience of entrees. 4. Little experience is necessary. 5. Immediate signing-up. Prizes, three in number are being offered to the highest men in each tournament. First prize is $5.00 in merchandise at stores in town; second prize is $3.00 in merchandise; and third prize is $2.00 in merchan-
dise.
tember. Equipment will be passed out during the first week of August and those men interested in track can draw their equipment at that time and start getting in shape. Present plans call for the season to be complete by October 27, the end of the intrasession. Hermon Phillips, head track coach, will not be back on the campus until Labor Day, hut he is planning to conduct a regular crosa country season the same as he has in the past. Judge And Beile Here ' Two outstanding track men are in the service group that has just moved to the campus. Judge, Indiana’s star distance man, and Beile, star half-miler from Illinois, are the two. Ed Erickson, Larry Nielson, Ken Blodgett and several other men from last year’s squad are still here and are expected to provide a fair nucleus for the new team. Buy War Bonds
(^/’0/f
■Amow-
m-
416
MAIN
See
DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
w m.
‘‘Sure it’s a swell Arrow Tie— but what ivill the Admiral say?” What docs anyone say when he secs an Arrow Tie? He says, “It’s swell!”—For several reasons. Arrows are good-looking, in smart patterns and neat stripes. Arrows are made well, with a special lining cut on the bias to resist wrinkles, and to see that they make perfect knots. Arrows are made of fine fabrics —wear longer. For Army and Navy men as well as civilians—at your Arrow dealers, $1 and $1.50, ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS ★ BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ★
^juUwtA. Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE