r '1'
V'
MERRY-GO-ROUND , I Discusses Lucrative < Quinine Bootlegging
Established 1889
x/pMietu '■ 9 Hein Wanted
' V '1‘ i|
EDrT COMMENTi On War Council Book Drive For Prisoners
Volume 56, No. 119
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 24, 1944
pne Hundj^ Fifty New(;|yde Lucas Will Play For Cotillion
Freshmen Will Register
Students To Need Preliminary Uiiiversily To Hold Commencement In Music Hall Sunday;
' Coupon A For Enrollment .(,t (Approximately 160 new freshmen will register next week, according to Prof. C, E. Dammon, director of admissions. Of this number about one hundred will be men and fifty women. The majority of men will enroll in the engineering school while home economics will claim most of the women students. Registration for all students will be held on Friday and Saturday, March 3 and 4, in 1
the Armory. Old students will be admitted upon presentation of their November term schedule cards or with permits to register which are issued by the Registrar^ office. Nev^’ undergraduate and special students must show Coupon A of the preliminary registration form of the orientation period. Graduate students should obtain permits from the Registrar’s
office.
Distinguished Register At 8 Registration, for distinguished
students of October, 1943, will begin at 8 a. m. on Friday. Other undergraduate students, including old Navy College Training Program
trainees, advanced R.O.T.C. students juvenile delinquency, a s|;ate-
Presklent Elliott Will Present B.S., Advanced Diplomas
'Five Men To Receive
Delinquency
Conference
Opens Here
Group Includes Several Agencies
Cadettes To Receive Awards At Convocation Tomorrow Night Final Cadette convocation for R.C.A. Cadettes who have completed their courses at the University and are leaving
The afternoon session will work in R.C.A. plants will be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. begin with a processiona(and ^^e East Faculty Lounge of the Uilion.
ta^?'’ Prof. C. W. Beese will introduce the speakers. Professor A. A. Potter, Dean of the Engineering Schools; F. H. KirkPatrick, head of personnel ad-
Star Spangled Backdrop Will Set Mood For Dancers
At the annual Sophomore Cotillion tomorrow night, coeds and their dates will dance to the music of Clyde Lucas and hia
Honorary Degrees Program for the 73rd University commencement, which will be held Sunday at 2:30 p. m., was released yesterday from the President’s office
prelude, “Pomp and Circumstancl and “Andante Tranquillo,” which will be played by the Symphonic Band. Following this the University Choir will present “A Grace Before Singing” and the invocation will be given by Rev. Doyle Mullen, of the First Christian Church. President E. C. Elliott will confer baccalaureate and advanced degrees after v/hich the University Choir
in the ASTP and all graduate students will register according to the first letter of their surnames by the schedule which will follow.
Friday, March 3
_ will sing “O Lovely Heart.” Five
Designed to coordinate ac- honorary degrees will be conferred tivities of various agencies following this by members of the concerned with the problem of of Trustees and heads of sev-
eral schools.
Alumni To Induct Class \ Before the address to graduates, which will be' given by President
wide conference opens here today and will continue through to-
morrow, according to Dr. George E. EiHott, the class will be inducted
ministration, R.C.A.; and Virginia Feller, who was chosen by the Cadettes to be their representative speaker. Professor C. W. Caldwell will present the Cadettes to Prof. D. R. E-wing, Dean qf the School of Electrical Engineering, who will confer certificates.
Repofi of dropped courses has Joan Tibbetts, one of the iCadettes, been released by Professor G. Sher- will play- piano music a prelude to man of the scheduling committee, program. Those who are inter- . T. , , » „ , . ested in the Cadette training pro-
aeeordmg to Robert Adler, chair-
University Drops 13 Courses Due To Student Interest Lag
Davis, ,of the division of education
Wil-Zz
9 :00- 9 :30 A. M.
Wal-Wik
9:30-10:00 A. M.
Ti-Wak
10:00-10 :30 A. M.
Stf-Th
10:30-11:00 A. M.
Sl-Ste
11:00-11 :30 A. M.
Sci-Sk
11:30-12:00 A. M.
Ra-Sch
1 :00- 1 :30 P. M.
Pab-Qz
1 :30- 2:00 P. M.
Nef-Par
2 :00- 2:30 P. M.
Mim-Nee
2:30- 3:00 P. M.
Mam-Mil
3:00- 3:30 P.M.
Lop-Mal
3 :30- 4 :00 P. M.
(Inel. Me and Mac) La-Loo
1 4:00- 4:30 P.M.
Kem-Kz
. 4:30- 6:00 P. M.
man of student relations committee of the War Council. The majority of the missing courses are only offered on alternate semesters, due to lack of general student interest. This explains some of the gaps; also some courses have been re-
Saturday, March i
Har-Kol 8:00- 8:30 A. tM. Fox-Haq 8 :30- 9 :00 A. M. Dea-Fow 9 -.00- 9 :'30 A. M. COn-Dcm 9 :30-10:00 A. M. Cf.Com 10:00-10:30 A. M. Bis-Ce . - 10:30-11 :00 A. M. Bai-Bir . 11:00-ll :30 A. M. Aa-Bah 11:30-12 :00 A. M. Council Will Publish Survey Results Soon Results from the war effort in-
Dorsey, Cassidy Will Talk
Dr. John Dorsey, director of the Children’s Center at Detroit, Mich., and MVtynard Cassady, chief of Junior Citizen’s Service Section at Washington, D. C., wil^address the group this morning with a general
„ ,. Ui,V, * „ background session. This afternoon
formation survey which have been “ . , ^
and evening and tomorrow morning will be devoted to a series of com-
into the Alumni Association by V/.
and applied psychology. The confer- Henry Roberts, president of the Asence is expected to attract about ICTO sociation, and the Symphonic Band delegates and is an outgrowth of play a march, “Washington
three preliminary meetings here. Post”.
The group will include represen- The program will close with the tatives of the Federation of Worn- singing of “Hail Purdue,” the hene-
en’s Clubs, League of Women Vot- diction given by Rev. Mullen and the out a cross section survey and see ers. Parent Teachers’ Association, recessional march, “Your Land and just what courses students feel are
Boy and Girls Scouts, Y. M. C. A. My Laud,” played by the Symphonic lacking,
and Indiana Council on Crime and Band.
Delinquency. Other agencies vitally Procession Meets At 2 concerned with the problem such as The procession will meet at 2:00 juvenile courts, school and police on the ground floor of the Executive officials and religious and welfare Building. It will move at 2:25 p. m. organizations will send delegates, and will enter the Music Hall by the
main entrance through the Executive Building. The exercises are open to the -public and no tickets
will be required.
gram are invited to attend the con-
vocation.
Representatives from the R.C.A. plants at Bloomington, Indiana, and Indianapolis, will be present at the convocation. Miss Doris Holler, recruiting agent for R.C.A. from Camden, New
scheduled under Navy numbers. Tl;ie Jersey, will be on campus for sev-
War Council was advised to send eral days.
f. B. Knight To Talk Tonight At Annual Agricultural Dinner
Clyde Lucas, maestro, who will provide music for the Sophomore Cotillion tomorrow night.
Sherman Will Cooperate
Professor Sherman states that he is willing to cooperate with this survey and will follow the indicated wishes of the student body. His complaint is that, when students are dissatisfied they never come to the
right authorities; so any fallacies in , ,. ... . , . , , . -i. ) 1 1 pletion of the eight weeks woi’k will this committee s plans are caused f , „ , , . , , . ,
Dr. F. B. Knight will speak at the annual shoit cou'l'se banquet tonight, and recognition for the corn-
obtained, should be ready for publication by the end of the first week of next semester, according to Bob Adler, chairman of the Student Relations Committee of the War Coun-
cil.
The survey has been distributed to approximately fifty per cent of the male students on campus. Returns have been- received from the Marino V-12’s and about 100 civilian students. Thus far the results show a negative response to active participation in the war effort. Some very interesting opinions concerning the Improvement for the student’s benefit of convocations, coed canteens and the Exponent have been expressed.
mittee sessions for which the delegates will be divided into four groups Jo consider'specific prob-
lems.
by lack of cooperation. The courses listed are those not included on this terms schedule: English 10, informal essay; Business Writing 113A (combined with 121); ‘English 110, (alternate semesters); English 111, 112, 130 and 131 "(alternate); Eng,lish 128—romantic movements in
months’ illness. Last April, Mr. English literature; English 135; Clark returned to the campus to at- English literature, English 24; tendi'the golden jubilee of his class Practical Speech problems; and
Oliver Clark
. . . sixty-nine, Boone county surveyor and well known University alumnus, died Tuesday afternoon at his home in Lebanon after several
be made Saturday morning at which time President Elliott will present certificates and speak to the classes
in' all four options.
orchestra from 9 p. m. until 1 a. m.. in both ballrooms of
the Union. ■»
AWS judicial board has set coed hours for 2 a. m., giving the girls a half hour lead over V-12 hours which have beert set at 1:30. Sailors must pre- — — sent~~66l3iHion tickets in ad- Colors of the drapes, which 'will
blend in With the red-violet lights of the ballroom, are deep purple,
lavender and pink.
Lucas To Play
Lucas and his orchestra, who provided music for the Proni at the University of Illinois last week, was once known as the “California Dons”, but soon dropped that title to become merely “Clyde Lucas’ Or-
chestra.”
Following college at Ottawa, Biansas, Lucas tided his hand at vaude-
vance to obtain passes for the dance. Those who wish to purchase tickets may get them at the West desk in the Union from 3 until 5 today and tomorrow.
Wartime training in agriculture the cashier’s office in the ex-
w'as emphasized in the annual eight- ecutive building, weeks short courses in general agri- Eds, Coeds Formal
culture, animal husbandry, dairy Eds, who aren’t wearing uniforms, production, and dairy manufactur- are expected to dress formally, and ing which ends today. Draft Boards dress for coeds will be formal, were allowed to permit registrants Backdrop for the dance is to be
deferred in class II-C or class III-C star spangled. One huge star will ville and played with several bands.
'fhe committee which will attempt receive a 50-year certificate. English 60 and 70. Physical educa-
determine general principles as is survi^yed by his widow, three tion courses were decimated by too attend the short courses during be placed in the center of the cur- EventuaUy he and his brother or- ... TV/T-t-tr. » . 1 . ■«. t ■ fTiCk winfot* •»yi r»tl f.ll c TwnVirlorT +Qi'n ' onrT crvicjlliaT* nnoc ava +r» croni'^o/T ci Liari/T n-F FlinT-r* n-rr-n
Coed Hours Co-ed hours: Friday, Feb. 25, 2:00 A.M.; Saturday, Feb. 26, 1:00 A.M.; Sunday, Feb. 27, 12:00 midnight through March 3; Saturday, March 4, 1:00 A.M.; Sunday, March 5, 11:00 P.M.— .Tudicial Board.
to
guides to action will be headed by Dr. Thurman B. Rice of the State Board of Health. Miss Emma Pusch-nor,-director of national child welfare division of the American Legion and Louis E. Evans, of the Indiana University training course for social workers, will be co-chairmen for the group that will study the responsibilities of the selected agen-
cies.
Summary reports and discussion of the findings of the four committee groups will be given tomorrow afternoon, when definite recommendations for state-wide action are expected to be made. The conference will come to a close with a dinner meeting tomorrow night when Russell W. Ballard, director of Hull House at Chicago will give the principal address.
children and a sister, Mrs. Alpha students, and Biology DepartStephenson, Terre Haute. ment is giving up its advanced
courses.
ALL STUDENTS IN THE SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL AND AERONAUTICAL ENG. Any student who is eligible to register in the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering next term should complete forms in Professor Solberg’s Office, Room 203, Mechanical Engineering Building, before he leaves the campus between terms. These forms were completed by those students who attended the meetings February 7 and 8 and need not be duplicated. This is especially necessary for those students who become 18 next term.
the slack winter months provided tain ‘ and smaller ones are to be ganized a band of their own which the operations of farms were not placed in meteor-like fashion around was to become one of the big bands handicapped. The total registration it. Running across these spangled in the country. Now, however, the for the courses this year was 95, stars will be the words “Sophomore hand is under the direction of only including two girls. Cotillion” in old English letters, one of the brothers, Clyde.
■■
Union Book Exchange
Now Oporatos 1 To 5 Castle FIxU Corp.’ School Instructors Repair
through'^ the Student Union Book ■ ■ » ■ '
Exchange. Union workers will be on Cm r ■ ■ M M A
jcnool s Droken, Wornout equipment selling price for each book is set at r. t j t • ,
fa 1 , . , By Jody Lewis that tune. New students are en- . ..i i ir.ii cn
couratred to become -icouainted with ^ Michael Golden Shops, the record player in the Music Room instructor. He has increased the the Exchnntre and brine: their books Castle” to those who know, go that we can once more listen to University's fame by the mass-pro-in early." ^ ^ in-Jhe classics. He built a dilatometeiv duction of three tools—a center-
structors who are doing their part which measures the expansion oi punch, a scriber and a screwdriver
Selling will began with the start in aiding the war effort. No one per- a metal. It has a lighting dev^e —which sold at a minimum price, of the semester, March 3, from 10 son coOld do all the jobs, but to- that signals at the critical tm«pera- Made from tool steel with hardened a.m. to 5 p.m. The same hours will gother these expert toolmaker.s are ture. Since the University/conldn’t points, 12,000 sets have been sold
be kept March 4, but on March 6 and 7 the Exchange will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. in order to give more students the opjjoi'tunity to
buy their hooks.
Paying' of money for hooks will begin March 8 and continue through March 10, from 1 to 5 p.m. All books and money must bo claimed by then in oi'dcr that the accounts be may
bo cleared.
AlUrwed To Set Prices
Students who have books to bo sold by the Book Exchange are tillowed to sot the prices they desiilo For their books, which is eustomai'ily 75 pei cent of the original cost; and tlie Exchange, as a non;i()rotit oi'ganization, will sell the books at the prices set. Money for the books sold may be called for after the Exchange has closed. Cap-
doiiig repair work on break-downs, gee its way to purchase afpatented to date. At one time, he received as well as work connected with dilatometer priced at $901), Velliu- letters from locksmiths in Germany
g'cr gathered the necessary mate- who had found the scriber a needed 1 ials and made it. ‘ instrument in making small locks. He ha.s .aided in the constiuction „ On display in the shops are operof soil testing devices and recently ating models of a miniature autodesignod and built a tachometer matic screw machine and a small calibrating machine for the Univer- turret Lithe. These were built by sity Airport, a piece of equipment Shaller during many months of
which apparently was not obtain-
able.
Of more general interest is some of the recent work of P. Panlener. “Pan”, whb is a member of the General Engineering bowling league,
in auto mechanics—training men in did the repair work on the bowling dueing tubes, pins and washers for assenihl'iig and consii ucting chassis ball poh-ihing machine when it wins ihe Division of Applied Psychology, lor tiucks and auto.s. He has had, as out of coinmi.s^ion. From the neai- 'these are used iu an aptitude test students, practically all of tlie pres-’‘‘e.st similar pints, lu^ made the un- at Northwestern University, and to ent faculty in the eiigiiieoring obtainable'necessaries to li\ the niav’date over a hundred thousand pieces schools who took their Iraitnng at chine. “Pan” selves a.s a shapev and have been produced. The total orthe University, and even has stor- planer instructor and started his der is For over a million pieces,
ies of Dean llockema’s trials with
schools and department of civil engineering, chemistry, mechanical
and .general engineering.
These instructors have also been making unobtainable parts for the shops and inventing many time-
and-labor-saving devices.
Back JYhon . . .
They are all old timers, too. C. A. Haag is going through his second W'ar as an- instructor at the Univoisity. He came here in 1905 and during the last war taught a course
spare time work to aid his classes ill understanding the intricate ma-
cliines.
Screw Machine
He now has an automatic scre'w machine going, day after day, pro-
iiork at the ITuiversicy iu 1926. All Four of these men are doing
_ 1- • ^ • 1 • ii « !.• ,1 1) 1 rr /I • 1tj *4 establishing the Student the lathe w'ay back when. Shaller Produces'I'ook this work iu addition to their reguHere are the winners of the prel.imnafy judgnng lor Queen of the Relays. Jop row ( ell to right): Betty Book Exchange for the non-profit Vellinger Produces The automatic screw machine in- lar teaching loads and still find time
Grey, Jean Crane, Jane Nelson, Jean Julius, Marian Kriill. Bottom row: Nancy Unlhank, Marge Miller, exchange of text-books on campiis A. J. Vellinger, who came hero in Norma Wallner, Frances Robinson, Betty Cantlcy, Marilyn O’Hara, Jeaii Baiiibftm was received from a elass.gift. 1915, is the genius who repaired
stvuetor, L. B; Shaller. started as an to “putter arognid the "workshop at assistant in 1930 and later became home” for relaxation^
,4'2i
PurduiS Exponent ' Thursday, February 24, 1944
Piirdue Exponent. I . with Purdue Indepettdeni
Offices; Editorial and B4isine5s Purdue Memorial U,nion, Phone 90 Sports, FieldhbuSe;, Phbhe 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 jf». m., 5377
editor Business Manager... News editor Feature Editor Manafrinfr Editor Go-^urts Editors.;... Business Executive..
James T. Richardson ....Mary Dills ...Rtith M, Ford Katherine Howes . Margaret Y. Steffes . Russell M. Lines, James F. Ackerman Evelyn Blemker
Publitdtion Staff
Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Martha Ijoc Riggs, Jean Yarger, Margaret Baynes, juatiita Garrett, Peggy Miner, Pat Richardson, Mario Pagliarulo, Marion Donhnm. Associate Sports Editors: Paul Garber, William Garber, Warren C. Wright. ' Service Staff—Jones, Bud Golbiis, A1 Gorman, Jim BdrocS Wm. Trevarrow, Paul Dodge, joe Graber, Sherry Snrle, Ted Goldmann.
Business 5taff AdVeHi^ng Manager: Smith. Assistant A.dvertising Maha'ger: William Paisley. Circulatiqi'n Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Assifitao^ Circulation Manager: Norman Hime. Staff Photographer: Marvin Pesses Editor, The Purdue Independent
..Lyle Crist
Staff for This Issue Might Editor—Vermilion Bay Editor—Minor City Editor—Bonham Issue Editor—Van Liow Snorts Editor—Ackerman H^orters—Erhman. Gcorgeson, Streeter, Ijcwis, Mertz, Klein Goetz. Entered as second class matter at the post office in I^afayette, Indiana, under the act^of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the sifeciai rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922; Published on Tuesday, Thui^day and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered dftilly by carrier, for for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subsermtions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. , Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Represonthtives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Books For Prisoners Many letters from prisoners of war contain pleas for books. The most expressive word about their desire is contained in this phrase from ohe prisoner. “We ask for books of any kind. The degree of diflficulty in understanding makes no difference for we have days, if ,necessary, to spend on each page.” The prisoners will welcome books whether they be complicated text books or simple twen-ty-five, cent detective stories. The War Council has contacted someone in your housing unit or some organization of which you may be a part who iS in charge of books for war prisoners. He will take care of the books you are _ giving. The west check room of the Union is also a receiving station for these books. ' Thousands of books are needed by allied prisoners of war who are now interned in various prison camps, and thousands will be needed by allied soldiers who are not yet in prison camps but will find their way into such camps before the war is over. The Student War Council has undertaken the task of collecting several thousand books and sending them on to the World Student Service Func wlicre the books will be repacked and shipped overseas for delivery to the men who need them.. These prisoners, most of whom have little 0" no hope of being exchanged or any way delivered from their imprisonment until the war is over, do need these books. Letters indicate that reading is about the only thing they are able to do in prison. The allied soldiers who depended upon you to supply them with guns and ammunition while they were fighting are now depending upon you to supply them with books. By this means they may continue their education while prisoners of war and not be overcome by despondency.
Capf. J, C. Lol’ne . . . was married February 16 in Washington, D. C., to WAC Major Mary Durr, of Dayton, Ohio, who is assistant to Col. Qvetta Hobby, commanding oiBcer of the WACi Capt. Lome is an engineering graduate from the University. Both he and his wife are stationed in Washington. Lt. Marvin Garber . . . who left the campus two years ago to enlist in the Army Air Corps, was reported missing in action after a raid over Germany, February 4, according to word received by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Garber, of North Manchester. Lt. Garber was an assistant flight leader and had been in England several month.s. ■ Major Stanley Mailess ... graduate of the School of Mechanical Engineering, is at Billing.s Hospital, Indianapolis, recovering from a hip injury received in North Africa in an automobile collision. Malles,s received the silver star for conspicuous gallantry in action.' In civilian life. Major Mailess was a rnechanieal engineer with the Chevrolet Cojninercial Body Division of General Motors. Williaiti |. Sumner . . . was recently appointed a Naval Aviation Cadet and was transfeired to the Naval Air Training Center, Pensacola, Fla,, for intermediate flight training'. Prior to entering the Naval service, Supmer attended the Univejpfy for three years where he was a member of the varsity basketball and football teams.. Upon completion of his intensive course. Cadet Sumnei' will receive his Navy wings and will he combissioned an Efisigh in the Naval Reserve or a second lieutenant Jn the Marine Corps Reserve.
WSHimTOH
A
T* Hii u, s. p.t.oa
GRIN
• y bmW^riAasloN Bool'legging Quinine Robs Troops; WLB's Davis Having Difficulty With Panel For Steel Wage Disunite' WASHINGTON-—Most lucrati've bootlegging in the world today is in quinine—also the most tragic from the viewpoint of .U. S. troops fighting in the malariaridden tropics. ■ On top of the fatal error of Jesse Jones’ aide. Will Clayton, in not buying quinine from the Dutch East Indies when it was available during the first two months after Pearl Harbor, U. S. officials seem frustrated in their efforts to stop precious qtiinine from leaking through our fingers, some of it perhaps to the Axis. These leakages apply to quinine de'veloped in Latin America, where we are supposed to control every single gram. Despite this, hundreds of pounds are sIIIdping out from under the noses of Leo Crowley’s Federal Economic Administration officials. Here is part of the record: On May 19,1943, Banco Lisboa and Acores of Lisbon sent to the Guaranty Trust Of New York a letter of credit for Jose Sturm of La Paz, Bolivia, for $7,750 covering 150 kilos of quinine sulphate at $50 a kilo. (Base price set for U. S. buyers is $28.40 a kilo.) On May 27, B. Bordoni of Buenos Aires wrote to Gljemia, Ltd., of Lisbon, that Jose Sturm had an order for 500 kilos of quinihe to be shipped in monthly lots. By this time, the price had gone up to $60. Ghentia, Ltd., replied accepting the offer. 500 kilos is about 1100 pounds of quinine, enough to last U. S. troops in the Southwest Pacific perhaps a year. On Oct. 20, the Nicaraguan Legation in Mexico shipped to Nicaragua by Pan American Airways 21 packages of quinine, weighing 80 kilos and valued at $4,997. The shipment.carried the directive that President Somoza be notified personally when the quinine arrived. On Oct. 18, th Bank of Portugal in Lisbon instructed the Bank of Manhattan in New Yoiik to open an irrevocable credit iii favor of J. Sturm in Lisbon of $20,000 for 264 kilos of Bolivian quinine. The shipments would be made through an Argentine port. On NoV. 11, 80 kilos of quinine hydrochloride and 10 kilos of quinine sulphate were shipped from Peru to the Dominican Republic by Pan American Airways.
M^fever in'the history of , the United States have .Wa^hirig-tfin pressure grhujps been as strong as they are riOW; Tl'hese preisiire groups could be a great benefit to this country in the present woHd struggle,' but they refuse this course, because it would ffliiaft eat'el'ih'g to the Rdosevelt DetnOicVats and, MOst ifhpofttht'’
of alh throwing aside their own
interests to help this republic ence, but at certain periods in pur win the war; history these groups have controlled There are a multitude of rea- both the executive and iejd^l4ivc ■ J. ^ j branches and have not needep to sons.that Should cam^Con-^^^^^^! Washington With
gress to do away with these organized. pressure groups blit the fact remains that CohgreSs would have to ask these gi'oUpi that Champion them if it was alLright for such a la-tv to be passed. Congress has not always felt the heavy hand of the
th^ir
“spies.” Pressure groups are more df an American • innovation than o^ any other nation. But the fact that they are chiefly an American institution does not mean that they are patriot-
Rabbi Simon To Talk At 5:45 This Evening
0 Cldcapo Times, Inc.
“—A new bill increasing the postal rate will hot. only mean additionaLrevenue, Senator, but should also discourage constituents who write us nasty letters!” Today’s Screen Review
News Three Bears ;in a Boat On the Road to Monterey.
Wacki-Ki Wabhit
.. 8
3:43
4:53
.;io
3:51
6:01
.. 9
4:01
6:11
..16
3:00
4:10
5:20
..10
3:16
. 4:26
6:36
..10
3:26
4:36
.5:46
3:36
4:46
6:66
Leakage Confinues
strangely enough, substantial quantities of quinine are .being purchased by various agents in the Dominican Republic. Why such a small country should need so much quinine remains a mystery. As recently as two weeks ago, Leo Crowley’s FEA cabled Quito, Ecuador, authorizing purchase of certain quinine produced in that country. But before the purchase was accomplished, the same lot of quinine had been shipped from Ecuador to 'Venezuela. In Venezuela, the U. S. ambassador got wind of it and there was a hot exchange of cables, the United States pointing out that Ecuador had agreed to ship only to the U. S. A. In this case, the disputed quinine finally is being shipped from Venezuela on to this country. FEA contends that these leaks have been plugged since exclusive contracts were signed with Peru and Ecuador. However, the contracts wei'C signed months ago, and the quinine is still leaking. Only quinine country where the leaks are legitimate is Bolivia, where no exclusive conti’act exists. Bolivia has offered to sign one, but the State Department has refused because it refuses to recognize the new Boli^vian Government. The U. S. Embassy in Mexico has. notified Washington that quinine shipments are being made from Mexico to other countries labeled “bicarbonate of soda.” Actually the packages contain layers of bicarbonate concealing the quinine below. Thus flourishes under our noses the most luxurious and tragic bootleg trade in recent history. Kenfucky^GOP Feud Kentucky Republicans, who got the political spotlight of the nation for electing a GOP Governor last November, are about to split wide open. It is partly over an issue packed, with dynamite'in other GOP States—namely, isolation. The isolationist issue came to a head in Kentucky when certain GOP leaders invited the Chicago Tribune’s isolationist Colonel Robert McCormick to speak in Paducah. He came. He spoke. And a terrific battle regarding him ensued among Republicans. Me.i>nwhile, another,split, based not on isolation but personalities, threatens the advantage gained by the Republican victory last year. GOP Governor Simeon Willis is breaking with Jouette Todd, Louisville Kepubiican county chairman, to support Parks of Lexington as the candidate to run against Democratic Senator Barkley. Friends of Todd are boiling mad, claim that he swung the city of Loui.sville for Willis last November, that Willis couldn’t have been elected without him. Democrats are licking their chops, say that, Avith the Republicans split, the re-election of Senator Barkley will be a ivalk-away. Also they are watching other factional GOP feuds, especially over the question of isolation and intervention. Steel Wage Dispute Hard-working Will Davis, chairman of the War Labor Board, is having a tough time selecting a panel to settle the vital question of wages in the steel industry. He proposes a panel of three, one repi’esenting labor, one the steel industry, one the public, with three alternates. But though he has called up all sorts of people and litei'ally begged them to serve, their patriotism seems deficient when it comes to labor disputes. Meanwhile, the .steel companies, faced with retroactive pay for whatever wage decision is finally handed down, ai'e getting restless. Merry-Go-Round Senator Pat McCarran is having re-election troubles in Nevada. Among other things, he got in between an AFL-CIO squabble at the Las Vegas magnesium plant. Also, a lot of Nevadan's seem to wai»t a change of faces —and of political parties. . . . Senator Dennis Chavez of New Mexico may run against his old political enemy. Governor Jack Dempsey (both Democrats) when Denlp.sey conies up for re-election. Dempsey has become increasingly unpoplar. (Copyright, 1944, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Ratio Who Knows .. to 1
Once again ,we come out of hiding to spread the edmpus go.ssip and dirt, but this time without fear of C. J. W.’s, “Oh, NO Not in MY paper,” Murphy’s chsiial, “It stinks but if you Want Tyson’s over activated scissors, which have in the past literally cut hell out of this column. How long our state of bliss will last, no one can..say, but we are hoping against hope that the day when the seniors realize that they have complete control will.be far off. So much for the re-introduction to the Ratio. Beauty Contest or Sex and the Married Man In the spotlight this week was the preliminary judging for the Re-lay-Queen, held Monday night in the Union. The seven judges, three Gimlets, three Reamers and a lonely photographer, who kept wondering what his wife would think, made a wonderful committee of plain unadulterated wolves. The sorority gals took all twelve positions with the Pi Phis getting three berths. %^appas, Chi O’s, Alpha Ghi’s, and Theta’s had two apiece and the Alpha XI’s had one. The independent cause suffered greatly when their number one starter, Rosemary Oesch, failed to show or even show up. Story Number One On The Contest Nancy Unthank, Kappa Pledge and one of the twelve, bumped into Gimlet pudges Richardson and Vermilion in the hall before the contest. Hhr ignorance of the fact that they were judges was plain when she began to make I'emarks about “these damn formal dances that are held in the middle of the week, so I can’t study.” Making an excellent iinpression on them she left to pick up her date for the dance. Later as she ground her way past the judges and saw her friends sitting there, she is reported to have turned not only red but several other shades including chartreuse and beige. Russ Lipes, another Gimlet judge, did almost too much electioneering for Marge Miller, for as he put it, “If she doesn’t get in. I’ll probably get my head beaten in when I take her back to the Pi Phi house tonight.”The Reamer judges, Cerrato, Lindskpog, and Ackerman, were very gentlemanly most of the time but nearly got out of hand when some one character suggested measuring the contestants. Just to prove our point that students aren’t the only ones who
trample the growing slabs of grass on;our campus, comes this story on pi'ofessors. A vigilant Kampus Kop spotted, a lone faculty member boldly striking out across the hallowed greenery and called to him to please get off the grass. The gentleman in question, who incidentally is of unknown name, origin and breeding, turned his head and With a nasty sneer on his face countered, “If you’d put sidewalks here, I wouldn’t walk on your damn grass.” Borrowed Pim Speaking of grass, do you know what the first seed said to the second, “I want to be a lawn.”—^Oregon State Barometer. Ratio Depends Upon Its Friends ^ Help!! Help !! (With all due courtesy to Arch Ward and the Chicago Tribune.) But seriously it is hard to hear or
J. Vu 4. 4.1 ■ 1C. They are far from it. Their ac-
pressure groups, not that anything . , „ ■ • -■ 4.1, 4. , , • 4-14 , +■ 4.i,v,;,. tions place them in categories that has been m the way 01 their exnst- ,, , fe 4.. ■ 4.1 1
would make sonm of the fascist lead-
ers green with envy. '
If ever there should b’e a causq to champion by one of our political parties this should be it, but thP party that would Be fool enough in its own mind to take up such a cause would be certain of defeat. The only thing that could be gained by such a move would b6 the presentalibn bf the problem ais it actually exists to the American people. This might bring the pressure groups to their knees ; and then again it might mean ■ the tightening of theii’^pld on OUR
repfesent'atives in Congress.
■Whether most of the nation realizes it, the fact is plainly visible that the dpfeat of subsidy and hig’her tax bills is the pulling of pressure group strings. If these organizations have so warped your mind as ..to make you believe that this'countfy will be a land of milk and honey if there are no subsidy or higher tax laws, then you can see their power. Some Congressional leaders, both Republican ahd Democratic, have pointed out that this nation will be on a much better economic footing if there are subsidies and high ' taxes to keep prices,and living costs as close to the pre-war level as possible. This they hope will save , the United States from a depressioh that will match the present war in
intensity.
ContinuTO-^ its series of bi-weekly
discussions. Town Hall will present Rabbi Meyer Simon as its speaker this evening in the auditorium of
Wesley Foundation at 5:45. Rabbi Simon, who represents
Hillel Foundation, Will speak, on “Colonial Development in Palestine”. Discussion will follow the ad-
dress.
The Town Hall-’sevies is conducted by the Wesley Foundation. Students, faculty and servicemen are
invited to attend.
Telephone Additions The following telephone numbers were omitted in the published list of
numbers in the Exponent:
Heinton, .Mai’jorio 92-71273 Hill, Betty ..92-71582 Himes, Hannah 92-71611 Hinkampi Mary 92-71252 Hirsch, Lois .92-71642 Hirth, Elizabeth 92-71232 Hochamer, Nelva Jean 92-71652 Hoacily, Jean 92-71641 Hoffue, Martha ....92-71562 Hale, Mary Lou 92-71433 Holl, Phoebe ^..92-71531 Holt, Helen 92-71282 Holl,.Joyce 92-71644 Hood, Jr^jJee ! 92-71381 Howes, Alta 92-71691 Hoover. Nancy ; 92-71383 Howesi Frieda 92-71364 Howkinson, Mary Ellen .:92-71661 Hyzenk, Alice 92-71632 Hubert, Elsa ., 92-71294 Hubert, Doris 92-71294 Huff, -Madeie , 92-71274 Huprich. Bonnie 92-71101 Hutchinson, Helen .92-71152
The following are corrections;
Sohn, Nancy 92-71603 Klein, Barbara .... 92-71411
see 1/1000000 of what goes on at dere 61’ P. U., so we would appreciate any little contributions dropped in the Expo office. Do you want to fry someone, have you any pet hatreds,J.et The Ratio be a clearing house.
STRANGE VOODOO SECRETS REVEALED! f wHh JAMES ELliSON-FRANCES DEE • TOM Conway -— and — "tyMetlKl Jim /J] DSRIillSilWiai ^
make MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER musk: CO. 514 Main Lafayette 'Phone 7917
DANCE RECITAL, TUES., FEB. 29th 8:00 P. M. AT STUDIO — PUBLIC INVITED CHILDREN'S CLASSES BALLET AND TAP OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 4th NOT TOO LATE TO eI^ROLL IN OUR ADULT TAP AND BALLROOM CLASSES ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING PHONE 2150 ' 6th and FEARY STS.
HELD OVER TODAY - FRL - SAJ. : Fred’s got the "" " lAuscles... [ yke Gals Get » yhe Exerc/sey He's the immovoble force that meets ” the irresistible 4
MARf — Today - Tomorrow ALLSOLOIERIN BATTLI... ALL WOMAN IN LOSE
Guls' ANNA STEN" KENT SMITH wiA MIml Foraaytho • Alexander Grdnoch CathyPrya • Paul Guilfoyle • Kan« Rlehmend /iLpr^rioo ly Ar.urk-e Oiik sa.! Vklof Ttit.i. lUitd upoo tfwfo. rl*y TV f;;. I J r.-m J - . pU, ly Abcn Kir>J«l thi • J»m*« • \ GitrOOn nADlNOVlTCii I'rodunkn • Atnciai* Protluor EUGENE FRtNKR • DicKtid by Mor Oi^ imi llffitr Kulir . Rit.Mtd ihiu UNITEO ARTITTS '
■t:.
■ft
W
'I t
K 'll'« P^brmry 2^ fy44
SoihrmaMer Sports
^00$
fhinii^ Prep For Meet Witli Intrasq^^ Coolest In preparation for thi^ weed’s track meet between Notre Dame, Illinois, and the Iliveters, to be held at Chahipaign, the Obilefhiaker thmhes held an intra-sqUad competition, with a red team meeting the whites The final tallies showed the reds
l^^ding the Whites by a single marker
In the ydifd dash, Ben Harvey, new Boilermaker record
hplder, showing the form which got him th4t record,
Meet
The Team
By Johnny Gratza
Johnny Charcholla, 6 feet 2 inch
easily beat out Sigars, to place the first points for the red teani Tfhe white and red tied fJi third With A1 Bon and Dick
Lonpr scoring
Eddy EricsSoh, also lunning foi
the idd, easily won the mile in 4 39, foiwaid of the Boileimakei squad,, wjth John Nooldi white ti ailing the subject of today’s Meet The Rudy Dtettwylei, with Weber and Team Although he has not had a Butts placing second and thud cap chance to appeal much on the home ti|ted all the hohPis for the led team, haidwood, Johnny is one of Piggy by taking the 440 yard lun Lambeit’s most dependable substi
FlftdJaysbn Rack tutes
Jn the high huidleS Biuce Find jt is without a doubt that the 180
Hardwood Titlle Sfiqiq At Stake In Wildcat Fray Rivptei's chances of sharing m the Big Ten basketball title distribution for the tweltth time since Ward (Piggy) Lambei t assumed the coaching reins will be at stake here Satutday night as the bounding Boilermakers make their last home appearance ot the season against a dangerous NorthwhsteHi
quintet that is “till clinging to
Meet
The Team By Iiwin Steinbeig One of the most capable leseives on the Boilcinidkei basketball los tei IS tall blonde James Gustafson Although he has not seen much ac
championship aspirations The high-spirited Boilermakers, who spilt evdn in a demanding road trip against Iowa and Wisconsin last week end, have been left in a positioh Where they must not only deal the Northwestein hiUTlle heie Satuiday hut aho add the second victory of the season ovei Indiana at Bloommg-
poundei has had plenty of experi ence at hitting the net His foui
layson, letuinmg fiom a buef ill ness, easily beat Bob Steidei, led,
by taking the event in 7 9 seconds yeais at the Chuichville, New Yoik, This scored the first fiist foi the high school weie spiinkled plenti whites Meiton Peteison scoied the fully with letteis and honois Be second fiist for the whites by cop fo^g he left he had accumulated ping the two ihile lun in 10 46 Jack deven letteis, foui of them in has
Wahl followed him m ketball
At the shot put, Sucui, led, beat „ , , , . . I 4. 4.T High scoiei m his last two yeais
Klaus, last week’s meet winnei with „, , , , , , , , ,
a brize winning heaye of 45 feet and f
2 mebes In the 880 yaid lun, Joe ^ ^
Kennedy, ti ailing until the last lap, oyeltook Daily Neilson to take the ipn Winnirtg time was 2 03 At the low huidles Bruce Find layson again showed his heels to nairowly nose out Bob Steider red, foi first Signals came in thud
First Place ires
In both the pole yault anT* the
Front Row (left *to right I ittle, 1^ H (N), Hill M W (M), Armstrong, R G (C),Hungdte W J (M), Owens, C W (M),Koch, W E (C), Griffith, C H (M) Second Ron Johnson, S G (N), Stengle, W B (M)J Ntettesheini, D R (N), Shepard I R (M) Humphieville, R E (M),Her&ch J E (M),Aejne A O (M),
Liang, D S (C), Robeits R E (JSJ) Third Ron Alleman, T V B W (M), McMillen T R (N), Thoipson D R (C), Wilson R R A (M) , Lockwood, J P (M), O Neil, G H , Mgi (N) (N)
—Navy Air Corps
tion this season he can be depended ton on Maich 4 m order to share irt
on in the clutch is shown by his any championship celebration
pcifoimince against Wisconsin’s The Rivetei hatiying defense is
^ , Badgers when he was called up to apt to be piovided its severest tfet
^lie placB of one of of the season by the exceptionally
A (NV 5), Wile, I) L (NV 5), Illish, Navy, (M)—Marine, (C)—Civilian, (NV 5)
Grandstand Echoes
By JimAckeiman
Relays Scheduled For March 25
According to Coach Herman Philips, one of the hardest things to do m connection with the foithcoming Puidue Relays been accomplished That is, getting material foi the deco-
Mentor Schedules Service Swim Meet; Elroy Heidke Back
Although they have completed
on the all sectional five Chui^ille rations of the Pieldhouse Due to the war, the materials were then B:^ Ten schedule the swim then distiict champ*nship very scarce, hilt already Coach Philips has been able to get his nung team is continuing to practice three years in a low and /eaehed hands on the crepe paper, safety pins, batons, and dyes to trim several meets in the
the place like last year
^ conieience beasoi) Invitations, numbering about 115, will be sent out the first Coach Dick Papenguth has
of March to all schools m the country who have track teams planned an Army Navy swim-nneet One of the outstanding splinters that this University has ever fastest men seen will be present, representing the Illini This freshman, Bob “J L X'leVtoVomSt^n each Young, a negio from Philips High School m Chicago, ran and event however no varsity men will
However, he admitted he couldn’t yaid dash at the Mlllrose games a couple of weeks compete m the meet Theie will be
in the high jump Stuidrvanrand farther than the thud string ago Young, m his only collegiate meet, ran the sprint in 6 2 ^ f®w special events held for the
Sucui tied At the end of this event, during the reign- Last yeai he Was National High School champion Besides this
’ ing ot the famous Whiz Kids
“Chalky"^ as his teammates call
sectional finals once while'Johnny
was theie
On July 1st of last yeai Johnny was tiansfeiied from the Univer sity of Illinois undei the V 12 Ma iineOCS piogram As a Phys Ed
■ 111 uuvii Liic uoi6 v<imL ciriQ Xii0 , . /
^ high jump, both teams tied for first J" numerals paying on the
place In the pole vault, Dave Mon ical and Laiazen tied for first, while
fieshman team theie his fiist yeai
preliminary tallies weie made, which showed the teams deadlocked
with 46 points apiece
In the last event the broad jump, Sucui, with a jump of 20 feet 114
him, is 21 years old He wishes that he could be heie for the Indiana game the only Big Ten games after
event, Young also broad jumps and runs the low hurdles
Spi mg Football Drills To Start Soon
Spring football piactice will stait the middle of the first week ot the new semester. Coach Buinham announced yesterday
In addition to the Army Navy meet Papenguth is planning to give the Boileimaker varsity plenty ot
A suipiise announcement by Pap-
inches, beat out Findlayson’s 20 feet Teb 26th ^ but expects to be sent to About March 7 or 8, callout toi the vai Slty spring drills will he retofd ^mldef'land ^foimm
f 1 inch tiy, to give the reds the Win
NOTICE
J Civilian students be suie to renew your gym locker at the check room in the figldhouse if you intend to use it next semestei -J , r
Pams Island
semestei
rt the end of this
Mixed Recreation
will not be held as usual to
held Boilei makei stai had leturned to Iowa Shaip Shooteis campus m the V 12 and is elig The two boys fiom Iowa, namelj- Dick Ives and Dave Dannei, competition With a httle
piactice and getting back into shape,
who helped to beat the Riveteis last week, hate leally been i>aperguth expects Heidke to take setting scoiing lecords this year foi the Hawkeyes Ives is the National 4AU breast stioko
nroiiow night but will be resumed only ten points ot breaking Tom Chapman’s HawkeYe lecoid title at the end ot next month
again on Friday Maich 10
EAT A HOOD BUEAKFASI at the Union CAFETERIA Start the Day Right! ^ JhL fiWlduSL TJ/hmifdaL lAnirm. The Corner of the Cartipiis— Yet the Center of Activities
of 188 points scoied m 15 conference games Ives has averaged 17 8 points in twelve games thus tai and has two contests left to break the Chapman lecoid^So fai, Ives and Danner between them have biqlcen six loimer lov a records, and both aie Lesh-
men
Kappa Sigs, Wainock iVlanoi Are Cage Champs
action duiiii„ the next two months Inch in r University will probably hold <x championship meet on March 17 and the N itional A A U cham pionships will he held at the Uni versity ot Michigan on March 31
Last Tuesday evening, Kappa Sigma and Wainock Manor blVtt^se™^
won the Fraternity and Ward basketball championships, lespectively The Kappa Sigs tiounced the Phi Dehs, 29 to 21, while Warnock won by the close maigin ot 38 36 o\ei Marstel
the nine V 12 men ordered back to well balanced Noi-thwestem staitthe ermpus bv Naval authoritres mg five There is a spread of only altei the Iowa game 12 points between the high and low Gustafson i maiine V 12 trainee man on the Wildcat quintet and any rt the Umveisity since July 1, 1943, one of the starters is apt to break came hero fiom the University of into the scoring column at any time North Dakota where he played a The Purple guards, Ben Schadler and Jerry Carle have been setting the pace for Coach Dutch Loubeig’s squad m conference competition with 65 and 01 points respectively, while John Waicl ranks thud with 59 points Nick Vochek, who has taken over for Capt Otto Graham at one forward ranks fourth with 56 points and George Felt at center is a close fifth with 53 Three ‘ H’s’ Lead Scoring Offensively, the Boilermakers will piobably depend largely on a trio of civilian youngsters paced by rugged Paul Hoffman who have been leading the Boilermakers in the scoring column all season Hoffman, who in his first year of conjpetition has stamped himself as a potential alltime Basketball gieat turned in the most brilliant individual performance of a great season on Satuiday night as he earned a depleted Boilermaker squad to an overtime victory over Wisconsin, 52 50 The former Jasper (Ind ) high school star, whose amazing floor play doesn’t show up 111 the scoring column, set r new individual high mark for a single game as he racked up 27 points against the Badgers to increase his total in Big Ten competi-
tion to 128
Hoffman should be provided capible support by the othei two mem
JAMES GUSTAFSON
Purdue Forward
yeai of fieshman bill He went to of the Three H trio Dennis
Horn fieshman forward, anej Charles Haag, sophomore guaid
North Dakoti U after playing thiee yeais of vrisity ball at his high school at Giand Foilcs N D His team was lunnei up for the state title m his last two years and during his list year he was chosen
Like Hoffman, Haag and Horn spe cialize in an imrelentmg speed style ot game Haag has racked up 95 points in ten Big Ten games and.
Also on the list of scheduled events foi the swimmeis is i water show which will be put on by the
lai The winning Fiateinity team had Dykhuizen, Blown, Col- Dolphins pioD^bly duung the mul
, „ OT 1 TT 1 1 1 1 i-1 die of Apiil Coach Papenguth also -
lings, Olivei, Boigeson, Shaw and Holmes playing while the Boilennakeis would went to the state toumament dui
Ward champs had Ehingei, Luley, Whistlei, Gallmeyer and have a summei swimming team foi Mathiews The Warnock team has iim lough-shod ovei then which he is now piepaimg some opponents all season, makmg such scores as 109-30, 98-16, and meets During the summci, the team gY YJ lepieseiited in many A A U
Sputterings
Since the last boxing show was such a huge success, ovei six
on the ill state team In iddition to Doin has flipped in 91 basketball Gustafson played high Dill Lodge Still Ineligible school lootbill and was a high With the single exception of Bill jumpei on the ti ick team His big Lpdge who is still ineligible due to gest thiill came when Giaiid Folks a scholastic restriction Lambert ex-
pects to have his full strength'available for the W ildcat encounter Steve Fiaziei will piobably get the starting call at centei with Paul Fjiend teaming with Haag at guard.
mg his senioi yeai and took sec
ond honois
James was one of five leseives that ‘ Piggy ’ Lambeit started
meets
diundred people weie present for it last Monday night. Coach when next tall rolls around, and Jimmy Beers has announced that theie will be even a better '"ho would like to~tiy but toi the one in the middle ot Maich This time theie will be foui main swimming team aie moie
boxing events along with many noielty events Chiet Jack Russell of the Navy is m charge ol getting the novelty acts
A foimei woild’s match game bowling champion. Hank Mai mo Yeaitt
by name, achieved a double featuie ot a bowlei’s dieam last
wefek, fitting twb peifect games into a League senes foi an 832 will be (icpicsented it the total to top the Nation’s CIUlent honoi column Western Conleiente Debate at
iigainsC ^ suipiise although Jack Kennedy Chalmiers
Any Icllowb on the cairtpus who move Notlhlteimg Gust ifson held Flliott, and Herbert Hoffman, who think that they will still be heie own foi eleven minutes during delivered handsomely in a pinch-
which time he scoied a field goal hitting capacity against the Badg-
GRIN
BEAR
By Lichty
Noithwestein University on March 1 ind 2 by Honigboig Wniick,
Colby, Sample and Conde
and made oOod one foul shot University Church will hold an end of semestei piity 101 servicemen and civilians at the Chinch tomoiiow at 7 pm Juiniti Stoiey chan min ot the event his plumed stvci il ieatuies and his socuied some new lecoid mgs toi dancing Reti eshments will be served
'Home Test'for ' i/.AJ/f Prospects: Ten 'Aye, Ayes Needed To Pass
“Naw — Pop’s wai stones arc flops — all he talks about is how well he’s doing in his studies ”
WAVE minded guh wonilcun about then chgibihtv nm give themselves a simple home e vaim i il on iid ct a good idea of whether they would be acceptable loi this brai eU el the U S Naw It isii t an infallible oi complete lest of course but if a girl can answei these ten questions affiimativeh she can be reasonablj conndeut the WAVES will be glad to hive liei Can vou preve van are a citizen — native bom Ol naturalized’ Are vou between 20 and 3(’ (If 20 written consent of pucnls or ^uardiau is neee'-sar> ) Vie vou ingle oi mairicd and without children undci lb’ (W ives of cnliste I men are eligible but not wives of \ iv il ofhecis fioin Lnsign on up ) Can jou luinish tl ree chuaetei references^ Have you attended lugh school oi bus ness school foi It leist 2 veu ’ Are vou at le ist s feet tall and do you vvei„h it least Og pound with weight m pro poitioii to geiiei il bodv build’ Can vou read with eithci eve at 6 feet and with both ejes at 12 feet whit perfect eyes can lead at 20 feet’ Can you hear win pered vvoids it U feet’ Are your teeth sound’ (Dentil ie.pl let incuts arc no b ir ) V ill youi phvsieiil give vou l stUeiueiit tint you ire 111 good heiUh’ t V th i ugh exununtion bv \ivy deetei is -.iveli litei) V, AVr asp Hants uisvvering ves to these question oi who ire ui doubt sliouUl wiite visit or telephone the New keeruitmg Stitiou ei Oihee ot Nav il Oflieei Proeuremeiit \sl toi i eopv et tlic new \\ \v t boollet giving complete mfornutiou about pay, rituigs dutv, living quaitcrs, etc.
CIS die all possibilities Greenskeepers Hold Sixth Annual School For Fairway Exports Indiana Greenskeepeis short coiuse will be held at the Umveibitv next Monday and Tuesday, accoidmg to announcement from M. L Clevett The two day short course IS the sixth annual school sponsored , in cooperation with the agiicultural extension department and the Indiana Gieenskeepeis Association, Meetings will be conducted largely.on a round table discussion.basis, and Univeisitv specialists will serve IS leadeis tor most ot the sessions Thi^hist day Dr George Scarseth, head ot the agronomy department, w ill conduct discussions on soils and teitilizeis iiid Piot\G 0 Mott, ilso ot the agronomy ilepaitment, will le id discussions on grasses and iuivvivs Herb Graltis, editor of goltai^ publications will be the piuicipal spe ikei betoie the annual shoit eoiiise dinner Monday evening luesdiv s itteinoon session will be luidti the dueetion ot A L Brandon editoi ot The Gieenskeepers’ Uepoitei who will di&tuss the pioblem oi soil erosion control An other golf course authority, O J \(^i will ilso he me hilled oil Tues(Ijjv s pi0^,1 im with an address on Aiouiid the lountiy ” Discussions ot insect pests bv Glen Lehker, onlomologist on the University staff, ind on weeds end etabgiass by O ( I te ot the botany staff, will alsa be given
mm■ V
'^* 4- ^ 1, "T^ ^ y'^ ^ ^ O Armyi Navy, Marine News
’/‘JC
ar^?
«'■/ ^
fRursday, FeRi*mry 24^ X93m
J&.
Nickel Means Coke To Gl
By Pvt. A1 Gorman What this company needs is a good five cent change booth Corny, yes, but oh hoiv tiue Only those GIs who have tramped endless miles of corridor can leally appieciate the pathos in those few words As every soldier knows, oi should know, the American fighting man is made up of one fouith tiaining, dis cipline, initiative, and guts, and three-fourths bottled coke There£01*0, a tin eat to this life giving fluid IS a threat to the countiy, and we find that coke follows the aimy Two Nickels, Please All IS usually lavender and old coke bottles, but occasionally we come to an impasse When you can * not get the stuff and you know you cannot get the stuff you usually beai up manfully undei the stiain, but when the glassed in nectai is inches away and yet unobtainable, youi very character is put to the test There is no sadder sight than that of a wistful soldier di agg ing his feet fiom room to loom foiloinly holding up a dime in the hope that some one will have two nickels They nev er do In many lands in many aimj posts there are many diffeient types of coke dispensers Oui s, type B 3, con sists of a laige led lefiigeiator equipped with aq, endless belt which carries the bottles to a metal chute A small lound slot is piovided foi any spare nickels which of course, you nevei have When the non ex istent half dime is inseited m the aforementioned slot a minoi niii acle occurs—^the machine huffs and puffs while the long awaited sym phony in glass appears thiough the magic chute All that lemains to be done IS the opening of the bottle and the necessaiy transfer of the con tents to the stomach of the now glee ful GI Nuts—No Nickel Now think of the ease of the oidinary foot-slogging student soldiei While he has been away sweating through the various classes a good fairy m fatigues has filled the coke machine The hands of the clock swing aiound to seven thiity and the fingers of thiist fasten around the throat of the fiist victim He reaches into his watch pocket and pulls out two dimes foui pennies, and a quaitei His fiist move is to ward the closet wheie he searches through his field jacket oveicoat, raincoat, extia shuts and blouse This noble effort nets anothei dime and some moie pennies Pause Refreshes There is but one couise left open With the cheerful look of a man beginning the last mile, he gups his dime between thumb and fore|ingei and sthit down the hall The an swers to his half heaited “Ya got tw8 nickels’ ’ do not vaiy gieatly Type one will seaich his own pock ets' and then fling his hands in the air with the unspoken comment.
AST Trainees Esquire Magazine
Will Get Help On Tax Forms AST tiainees who desne help in the computation and filing of the Fedeial Income Tax Return foi 1943, will be able to take advantage of the seivice offeied to officeis and enlisted peisonnel at the Univeisity, accoiding to a notice that appealed on Company bulletin boaids
last week
Tiamees whose incomes necessi tate filing of letuins and wish assistance, may call Captain G A Hesterbeig, Peisonal Affaiis Offi cei, at the main office of the Aimoiy foi appomtnient 92 2224 The following ihfoi mation should be available at the time of the ap
pointmeiit
1 Tieasuiy Dept foim No 1125, “Statement of Tax Liability and Payments on Account of Individual Income Tax Return foi 1943 ” 2 Tieasuiy Department foi in No 1040 01 1040A 3 Data on base pay, inteiest, in vestments dividends etc, i eeeived fiom Jan 1, 1943 to Jan 1, 1944 4 Data as in 3 above, foi period of Jan 1 1942 to Jan 1 1943 5 Tieasuiy Dept foim 1040 ES, “Declaiation of Estimated Income and Victoiy Tax by Individuals Dr. George Hawkins of the Eilgineeiing Expeiiment Station has been named to the main leseaich committee of the Ameiican Society of Mechanical EngineeiS', accoiding to word le ceived fiom ASME national offices The appointment came in lecogni tion of Di Hawkins’ outstanding leseaich woik at the Univeisity
“Waddayawant blood’” Type two waste no time coming to the point He uses the unansweiable “Aie you kiddin ’” There is usually a game of chance^—purely foi fun, of course —going on Since they aie playing foi match sticks or stieetcai tians feis they cannot help you Then invanable comment, delivered in a jaunty British accent is, TS old boy ’ The old boy eventually has a short snoit of H20 and tiots back to his room to tackle that twenty second problem in EE It IS quite evident that something must be done to alleviate this sui feimg Wiite to youi congressman youi lepiesentative youi friends youi enemies — everyone When a few nickels in the right place can create an oasis m a desert wc should let no obstacles stand in oui waj Let the watchword be ‘ Bieak up those dimes ’
By FRANNY WILLIAMS
Jastei rs yet two months away, Iiut it’» nevei too only to begin
thinking about spiing clothes
While hiowsing thiough Jhe Palais Royal, I lan acioss the spoils’ section showing liteially hunilieds ol new spiiiip, blouses There aie blouses ol eveiv style whites, lovely prints, checks, and stupes and pastels You’ll find a style foi eieiy taste and coloi foj eveiv suit oV e leh separate skirt It’stiiily a lovely seleetion Spruce up your old suit with a new lilouse or buy a couple loi youi new suit "I ou really should sie them— at Thi Palais Royal
Don® Dod-on, Jis ai( handled cxelusively in Lafayette by Phi (oll< i ^hop Pheyic styled especially loi ,.iils like us iiid eonu in junioi sizes 9 15 One ol the attiactive models I saw was fitted with tucks oiei the shoulchi® A led licit just set it ofl peiliet Anotlu 1 was tin figuicd two piece with a pleated skiit and ciuilti d jacket 1 Ik se ai< not eyen the be^in ning of all the stvlcs— you’ll ha\e to see the lest at Flip ColUgi Shop. If It s accessoiies you le looking loi, T/ueme and IVangerin haye a loieiy new supply of handkeiehiels in white ■, and prints Also, some lieautiiul elul fon scarfs in whites and jnints lia\e arrived 11 you’ie ‘knittin’ loi But am” Ol just knittin’, he sme to ,.<1 i swell ijew knitting ha^, to keep it in and to keep that liall eil \aiif lioni lolling aiound Ihey’ie in inetlc patterns with laige wooden handles You’ll want to save by inakw^ youiseJl a pie tty eotlon miiI ot just a dress fiom some ol the Jiuteliei Jmen tlial //ne me s‘h ive It comes in stupes oi just plain eolens- ju two shades ol Inowii, two ahades of blue, gieen and le d . /L
Collects Army Humor For Monthly Article
I
By Pvt A1 Jellies Any GI wiio wishes to brighten his conversation should take a look at ESQUIRE’S monthly article “Goldbiickmg with Esquire ” Here is the rarest collection of jokes, stones, poems, anecdotes, and “what have you ’ ESQUIRE has mined the camp newspapers digging out the best of the wit and humor of the services Although most of the jokes can’t show then faces m polite so ciety, there are a great number that you can tell to any housemother over a cup of tea if the need arises You yourself will enjoy those that oiig mated m the shower room or bull session Incidently ESQUIRE is now getting a great deal of publicity because of their restriction from the mails, but because of the current paper shortage they can’t cash nr on the free advertising that the gov eminent is giving them Today ES QUIRE IS one of the 'irmed forces favorite magazines — not just be cause of its jokes either In it aie usually many other INTEREST ING things which I think everyone has heard about and seen New M-2 Gas Mask Features Glasses As an aid to soldiers who must wear glasses the W ri Department has announced the availability of a new development in gas masks Pie scription ground lenses which screw into the eye pieces of the gas mqsk will be issued to men who wear glasses and are alerted for duty overseas according to the Armodier, Camp Chaffee Ark Officially the new glasses are known as the Eyeglass gas mask M 2 The lenses will be ground to the GI s piesciiption except that tinted gla^s will not be issued Civilian employees who are sent overseas on military missions will also be supplied with the special eye pieces New Navy Bomber Packs Real Punch Equipped with the mightiest guns and the heaviest bombs carried by any plane of this type the Navy s new oupei dive bombei the Curtiss WijghkHelldivei is able to destroy even the largest war shins accoid ing to the Paine Field Air Puisuit ei This two place 11 metal low mid wing monoplane can attack en emy ships e thei as a p ut of a team together with fighters and toipedo ]ilancs 01 ilone taking advantage of its fgieat bomb capacity and speed to destroy them A new fe'’true m the deasgn of dive bombei s is the enclosing of the missiles within the body of the plane
JhsL By Jay Newman, A S , USNR • THINGS JO know' After the evacuation of Dunkerque, Tallulah Bankhead swore never to take another drink until Hitler was dead They’re both still holdirtfe out, so far as we know H Allen Smith, author of “Low Man on a Totem Pole”, defines a revolving s o b as one “who is an s o b any way you look at him” and Irving Tressler, made.famous by his satirical “How to Lose Friends and Alienate People,” committed suicide last week Why, he didrt t say Marine Gunner Huppert, who has been in the Corps for about eighteen years, is actually one of the foremost small arm^marksmen in the country Lt Wells has a PhD in psychology, and Lt Dawson a degree in law • IN CASE YOU HAVEN’T HEARD The information we dished out last week about V 12 graduated getting no leave has beerrchanged all aiound Most of them will receive next week “delayed order s’ which gi /e them about nine days before they need report to then new station Asbiliy Park N J, is now the pie midshipman waiting depot that Norfolk was last semester We hear that it’s quite a famous summer resort—-1 epiete with hotels, beaches, boardwalks, and natives Something to look ■'’oiwaid to A comforting word for the second term basicfe who are moving on to other schools those who live near their new school will be given individual orders so that they can go home for a few days and then report to base • FAMOUS LAST WORDS “All right 111 (kink one more but it’s positively the last ” ‘ Let go ot my arm I don t care if he is a Marine—no one can talk to me that way ’ ‘Sweep it under the radiator Officers never look there ” “You march them on down, Jim I m going in for a short beer ” ‘ That s a nice moustache you re growing there Uh—it is a moustache, I suppose’’ “I hate to see you cij but I must say, your face is much cleaner now ” (New A S to Admiral) ‘Say what %all the gold braid for Pop’”
Propwash
Second place in the Big Ten wrestling inerts wa=, captured by the Boiler makers The AvCads aie proud of the part two of their members played in the meet The two cadets are Bob Wilson and Dave Wile Wilson is the new Big Ten hervjweight champion and Wile won thud place in the 175 pound class Had Newt Copple undefeated 155 pounder been present, the erdets aie confident that the necessary point would have been gamed and the University would hive the championship Prior to this season Wilson has never occupied a permanent position on any wrestling team He attended Illinois and worked with the team there Howerer he was not a regular this is his first jear of actual intercollegiate competition Cadet Wile is able to claim six years of competition prior to his entry into V 6 He was on his high school varsity squad for three years During his collegiate career he wrestled for Cailton College and the Univeisity of Minnesota Now he may say that he has competed for three colleges Before this year Wile was a heavyweight The Nary has trimmed him down however and now he is a 175 pounder Marsh lay loi long lean, and lank, as was the ancient manner, added further to the pride ot the AvCads when he gained a spot on the Boilermakers’ basketball team Taylor is a player of no little experience He plaj ed freshman ball at Wisconsin Then leaving school, he enteied Naval Aviation Later, while stationed at DePauw, he played against Wisconsin In this game the V 5 team he was on was defeated Last week, Taylor had his rerenge Once more he competed against Wisconsin This time he aided in the defeat of his alma mater The final score 52 50, with the
Riveters on the long side
Sunday afternoon found all three of the men flying Each flew two periods, as did most of the other cadets, seeking to m ike up time lost due
to inclemeni: weather
lowers Educafion Military Personnel Liinifs For Commissions Will See 'Pride
Persomiei Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
C. G Conn, Ltd , Elkhart, Indiana -^Interested in M E Data of visit to be announced Sign in the Personnel Office by Friday, Feb 26 Department of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration, Chicago, 111 —Interested in E E^ Date of visit to be announced Sign in the Personnel Office by Friday, Feb 26 Dravo Corporation, Neville Island 25, Pittsburgh, “Fa—Interested in M E , E E , C E Sign m the Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 1 (Date of visit to be announced ) These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested in students for employment E R Squibb & Sons, New Brunswick, N J —Intereste'H m B S , M S , and Ph D Chemists or Ch E Sign in the Personnel Office by Friday, Feb 26 ^ 'Taylor Instrument Companies, of Rochester, N Y —Interested in M E , Met E , Physicists and Physi cal Chemists (draft exempt) Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Feb ruary 28 ^ Placement Notes For Women Brovn University Graduate School announces a number of fel lowships, scholarships and assistantships for graduate work nr a number of departments Any stu dents interested may obtain further information at the Placement Service for Women 2955 Applications must be presented not later than March 1 1944 Any women students interested in Summer Camp jobs register at once Calls aie alieady coming in for counselois, dietitians and other staff niembois ruithei information may be obtained at the Placement Sei^vice for Women 2470 and any students interested may register Kappa Kappa Gamma Fraternity IS offering three $500 fellowships for graduate study ‘Any woman is eligible who is a citizen of the United States or Canada has re ccived her bachelor’s degree or will obtain it prior to July 1 from a col lege or university where there is a chapter of Kappa Kappa Gamma ai(d who IS not over 30 year s of age The applicant should have made a real contribution to her almJi mater and have a well outlined plan for graduate woik ’ Applications must be made by Maich 1 Further in formation may be obtained fiom the Placement Service for Women
Classifidd Ads Money to Loan—On diamonds, WatcKee, gruns luggage, typewntei)|, Alberts Loaii Office 407 Columbia ^ ^ Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mlitaeograph work done C P Ebershofl, BOB Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 International Cooperative House now has a few openings for those interested- m cooperative Hying Room and board or just board are available 1 University St Phone 5757 Lost—3 strand string ot pearls^ Feb 5th* Pauline Held 308 Waldron phone 8489 Lost—Acacia fraternity pm and guard. Good reward Phone 5970 '' Expert Dress Making and Alterations j Call Anne Parnisi 3740 153 Sheets St Tan Wallet lost in Union between 8 30 p m and 10 00 p m Feb 14 1944 Return to managers office Reward Missing—From South Hall since Monday night girl s balloort tired blue bicycle Re« ward Phone WRH South Office Lost—Reward guaranteed — id^ntiflcation bracelet Paul Uber S E Cary Hall Room 289 Phone 8287 A pair of harlequin glasses were found* Owner call 92 71412 or call at Bxponenb office Wanted—Carriers to deliver the Exponehb 3 mornings a week Call Exponent Circulation office in sub basement of Union aftep
Notices
All Students Any student who wirhes to work for the Registrar during the registration foi the March term March 8 an4 4 will please leave his name at the desk in the Retistrars office —STQNE Union Sophomores Those who petitioned and did not receive loba may call for their sophomore keys at the Union Office any afternoon at 4 p m —BOWLBY Onfega Chi Fpsilon Initiation Thursday Feb 24 00 in Room 111 of Chem and Met —PAY Fraternity President s Council Keys are in caJl Mtrnl or Craven 3301 at the Sigma Phi Epsilon or Fraternity Affairs Office for information —CRAVEN SCA There will be no board meeting this week —BRYANT All Darkroom Users After March Union daikrooms may be used only on present ition of Camera Club membership card, servicemen not excepted Cards may be obtaine 1 at meeting March 9 or by calling Roy DcniSon 2143 or John Kice 71644 beL6r th s dale —KICE All Students The End of the Semester Paity will be held at the University Church lecreation loims Games and dancing ara to be enjoyed by all The party begins at 7 1 m 11 iday Feb 25 —STOREY Fraternity Presidents Council Keys ara in Get them for $2 at the FAO today between 4 and 5pm —MERRILL I utheran Students .Association Communion will be kive nto any student desiring It Sunday March 5 at 5 30 p m All L theian students are invited —HOLLIDAY AWS Executive Board Meeting Thursday Febr ary 24 7 p m in AWS office —LUDBERG
Buy War Bonds
Qualifications foi Navy geneial dutj commibsions have been le vised Men with only two yeais of college woik aie now eligible and the age limit has been laised fiom ”5 to 37 yens Applicants must have had at least five yens successful business oi piofipssional cxpeiience and com plete tiansciipt showing 60 houis ot college woik Intelested men should file appli cation at the Office of Naval Offi tei Piocuiement 120 W North St Indianapolis Indiana telephorte Riloy 5566
Of Yankees'
Theipopuli baseball film ‘Piide of the! \ ankees ’ will be shown at the M^ic Hall tomoiiow evening at 7 toi militaiy peisonnel who be long toi the Social Recreation Mem beiship plctn and then wives
^fortNSmAT/0"^ ForAMUSSMBMT J*
BOOK STORE
PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEMS All Occasions Reasonable Rates PARTIES—DANCES—MEETINGS Excellent Record Collection
Across from ihe Union Building
FRANKLIN SOUND SERVICE
157 S Pierce St
Phone 75634
BUY WAB BBNBS The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
'^Tliousands of lEmpty Powder 'Bo:K.es^
And here s one waiting for you ' Not one has been filled in a labora tory Not one shade is ready made for stock CHARLES of the RITZ powder is always ''made-to-ordeP\ to emphasize the loveliness of your own skin, your eyes, your hair What s more as your complexion changes with the seasons you ^ may bring your powder in and have it newly |\ <■ without charge
cfaebA
I*
W