syi
V
I j 1 s fc- !
®JhE PuriJuE TSxaanent
Published Duily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME ttVttt
!SbiAc
gjamei
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21,1937
NUMBERS
Inifial Pest 65 Enroll For Conference Dr* H. 0* Diehy Talks iTo Graup On Inso^t IdeftUfication. ApprdxiftUitely 6B pfeSt exterminators, futtiigaters, and t^mitfe coiiJ* trol operators ftorn 13 different states gathered ih Agrieifftural Hall yesterday for th^ opening sesfeioiiS of the conference for pest cohtrol operators, the first conference of its kind ever held in the United States. Dr. H. O. Deay, of the University entomolgy staff, addressed the group on the subject of indentification, discussing insects which are pu&zlers even to experienced men. Following this there was a class on insects infesting buildings, including their life histories, what they did for a living, and other information of interest to these men Whose business it is to eradicate or control the pests. Window Displays George E. Gould, also of the University staff, concluded yesterday’s session with a discussion on how to riar and maintain cages of living hnnsnhbld for Window and ot)m difinlajfn. / G. 4 Odferkirk of th% Ufiivanity staff and E. F. feinnewald, Si Louis, Mii^na, will nonduet a elinie on rate and mibe at 9 o’clock this morning. Olive Fails, Chit^gO, Illinois, is sChednled to present a motion picture dbaiihg with termites at 1:30, and others will take fart in the termite l^firogHini Which Will last imHI 4:g0,^ Bhldiaet f'onight Arrai^ments eati for an infonhatlon bangnet for the asieeiation in the Memorial Untbn Building tonight at 6:30. The conference will extend on thrOtigh tomorrow with Charles Denneyt Ri Louisa Montana^ spttkffig Oh the sniMteit of ^Unehmae||s ahd at the niomn^ mee^g and eomihg te a eWse after the oi>tiohsl session for spedffe j^iteMems in the d^ernOdn^ iMit* Ml m wr l■llllltlr^ 111 mMiiirtiTiwnnh
JJ
30
By Hugh Me»rls ' ---- -
Jantiary 21, il37 NOW that nnai exams are here, the time has tome to i^note ihose
Prof. Langiie, of UhiversiW saj^s the Wf>ieal student is ont of luek, “Cramming is fUtUe; it inhibits the memory,” But ihe laical student does his heaviest studying the night before ah exam ,,. and the typical student does not dunk his exams .. . inhibited memory or no inhibited memory! —30— STUDENTS who went to the old pump in Harvard yard last Tuesday pumped the handle up and down ... and got^ ., beer! Word soon spread around and it wasn’t long before the amber fluid was Consumed. PiHiMcSterS'-had deposited a keg of beer in the reservoir beneath the
pump.
—86— When you started This you thought It Was a poem, but , By this time YoU probably see 'that you were Mistehen. Isn’t it Funny how some People Will continue To read something ? 30 HERE is an advertising racket exposed recently by the Syracuse Hafly Orange: A bride, intrigued by the possible contents of a book eh-i titled, “What Every Woman Should^ Enow,” advertised in a cheap magazine, remitted her dollar fdr the “enlightening publication,” A few days later she received ... a cook
bookl
THNgE united States were left Without a president yesterday for exaetly 29 minutes. Roosevelt’s first term expired at noon and it whs 12:29 When Chief Justice Hughes administered the oath of office. F. D. R
Soiiiors May View Debits I^FOofs Today
Seniors who had their pictures taken on January ll, 12, or is for the 1937 Debris may view their proofs today in the Debris office. Orders for extra pictures mUy be made also at this time.
College To Teach War Dartmouth Faculty Organize Course Dealing With Conflict Hanover, N. H.,—(ACP)— War has put in its ^pearance on the extracurricular study program of Dartmouth College. Interest in warfare has been so manifest that certain members of the Dartmouth faculty—^not the college itself, have organized a course that deals with the various phases of conflict. Prof. Bruce W. Knight, sponsor of the new course, has announced that the series of eighteen evening meetings is open, without fee, to anyone who wishes to enroll. Many of the sixteen speakers who have agreed to lecture saw service in the world war. “No college as far as I know,” said Prof. Knight, “offers a general course on war. This apparently strange gap in the curriculum may be flue to shavp departmental lines of the social sciences. Of course, the problem is a broad one. A teacher in a given department usually khUWs idfhetlfing of Whr but mainly tbe part immediate to hie Own field. “This is a study of war, not a chance fot confirmed pacifists to blow off steam. We have taken the precautions to keep thrill-huntetS out of the Course. Nevertheless we bavi^outtd enough students Willing to do the work without college credit and enot^h teachers ready to present it in addition to their regular work. “The whole tMng is roughly divided into three parte: first, the nature of war along its vanous fronts—apolitical, propaganda, military, economic and so on; second, the costs of war—economic, cultural, eugenic; third, the means of preserving peace aS related to the leading causes ^ war.”
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty Will be held On Monday, January 2^, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. —EDWARD C. ELLIOl:^, * President.
Good Figure? Grace? Boofing Ability Union. Show Tryouts Begin February 2
By Donald Paarlberg
A good figure, natural grace, and the ability to'^piek up a new dance step quickly—^these are the things Betty Ann|Florer is going to look for at the tryouts on February 2 for “Castles In The Air,” the Union Show to be given on March 13 at the Mars 'Theater. The tryouts start at 1 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building and continue until 5:30. Singing, dancing, and dramatic ability for the men and pulchritude for the women—^made apparent by the regulation that all women MUST appear in shorts—^will determine the selection of leads and choruses for the Union’s colorful production. Twenty In Pony Chorus And when the cast is chosen— a number of leads and two pony choruses of 20 each, one of girls and one of boys—they face five weeks of rigorous rehearsal before the show opens. Mr. H. Kenn Carmichael will coach dramatics, A1 Stewart will have charge of singing, and Betty Ann Florer" will teach the dance steps. Third For Betty Ann Florer This is Miss Florer’s third Union
Show. A natural love of thb dramatic, first manifest in her “backyard productions,” (admission, Be) long before she ever heard of a Union Show, will find expression in her directing the dances of “Castles In The Air.” The dance routines and formations worked out in the show will be her own. A senior in the school of home economics, Miss Florer has found the pursuit of her hobby a welcome supplement to her classroom work. More Elaborate J. H. Shoemaker, president of the Student Union, is aiding in staging the production, which is being planned on a grand scale. Costumes will be more elaborate and more expensive than last year, and an orchestra selected from the better campus bands will provide mU^ic for both tap and soft shoe
dancing.
The “pony choruses,” so-called because they do a lot of kicking, will bear the brunt of the hard work, and the committee hopes for a good crowd at the tryouts from which to do its selecting. s
State Legislature To Act On Two University Bills Two legislative measures pertaining ter the University were introduced in the state senate at Indianapolis yesterday. A joint vesolntioti, proposed by Senator Floyd U&mtt, proposed that tke Univetsiiy should obtain a share of a federal allotment of |8,000,p00 fof agtienltural research by universities. The otber tell, which Vras introduced by Walter S. Chambers would require the consent, of the state treasurer and members of the board of trustees of the university in regard to investment of a $340,060 trust fund belonging to the school.
Wesley FoundRtioii Plans Pcamy Arcade * Novelty contests, a comedy, a side Show, and ping pong and other entertainment are on the program fOr the. Penny Arcade to be held February 0 by the Wesley Fotmdation freshman commission. This entertainment, an annual event, is to raise money for the India schniatehip, ateording to John Nicki, president of the commission. William Harris, Robert Wilson, Francis Bakes: and Tessabelle Rusk are among other members of the commission working on the program. V
Doctor Reports On Non-Liviiig^ Substance Wbicb Causes Disease
By B. H. Keffdgg
“A disease caused by a non-living substance,” that was the term used by Dr. W. M. Stanley, of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, in a report made before the American Association for the Advancement of Science at Atlantic City^ N J., dbring the Christmas holidays. Virus diseases have been kneWh for many years and have been the objett of research for plant and animal pathologists fbr many years. Hevrever, the cause of this disease has liot been known but has been attHbttted tb “viruses.”
Non-Living Cause
A nbh-living crystalline protein eansing mbsaic disease of tobacco, bne of the common plant virus diseases, was isolated by Dr. Stanley. B:is work demonOteated temt wlmt have been called virus diseases are due to infection With just a few molebUles of protein. The molecule of this non-living prbtein, isolated and illentified by Ih:. Stenll^ as tobateco mbsaic virus, is a giant among the molecules, weighing seventeen million times the basic hydrogen ^tom and having a diametblr of about thir^-five ttiillimteronsk
Medtfeal Aapecta
tib far SianleF'hfta ked only witk virus diseases in plants blit
there is every expectation that when some of the Virus diseases causing human ills are studied they will be found to he of the same nature. This means that medical science is about to pick up a “hot sCbnt” in its pursuit and attempt at conquest of Such devastating ills as infantile paralysis, measles, and perhaps even influefiba, immuton eoids and taneer. Dr. Stanley’s paper was considered of stilOimil impbfilteice te mmte for him a $1,000 prise which the association offers ibn the best tiaper presented, Furdne Beseardij Plant Idfus r^earch is aiSb being carried oUt on the Furdue campus in the Agricultural Experiment Station botaf^ department under the supervision of Dr. r. w. Samson. A hew virus disease of the tOffiato, temato ring spot, has been discovered and is being studied in the lo<U1 dOpartenent. Ihe resUlte ox tlbiis study were presented by Ev F, fiAle, of the botany department, before the section on plent VirUS diseases at the AtlantlO City meetings during the holidays. Other plant Virus diseases WhiOh teiUSe damage te commerelally important crops in Indiaa|i are alSb being studied at the local department.
Funeral Services For Chinese Co-ed This Saturday Memorial services for Miss Yuen Yu Chou, Chinese graduate student, who died last Saturday following a two weeks’ illiness^ will be held here mext Saturday aftemobn at 4:30 o’clock in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Rev. Gleason will conduct services in English. Members of the Chinese Club will conduct services in the Chinese language. The services will be held Open to students, Iracttlty membetu and friends 01 Miss Yuen Yu ChoU. Services will be held later at her home in China.
Co-ops Unite, Pick Officers Harold Cofobs To Head New Student Co-opera-tive Association Last Tuesday night, members of the various co-operative houses on the campus united to form the Purdue Student Go-operaMVe Association. They elected Harold Cobbs as president and June Dehny as secretary. The new organization voted to hold a general co-operative dinner sometime in the near future with full attendance by all 66 members and invited guests. Further plans will be laid at a meeting of the various house presidents on February 4.
Fraternities Buy New Fire Hose A new fire hose of 1,500 feet has been added to the equipment of the West Lafayette fire d^artment. The hose was paid for from voluntary contribution from campus fraternities in return for fire protection afforded these non-taxpaying organizations. -J Ben O’Connor, West Side fire chief, has submitted a report fqr the year of 1936 ^hoWing that 90 fire runs were made. The total losses amounted to $9,805.84 divided as follbws: building, $9,429*30; aii,d contents $376.45.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The following men will serve as Issue editors dufing finhl examinations: Fri., Jan. 28, Anthony; Mon., Jan. 20, Bailor: Wed., Jan. 27, Hardin; Mon., Feb. 1, StanbaCk; and Taee., Feb, 2, Chepin. Freshmen wRl work on nights when their final exam schedules will permit. ^MORRIS.
Ammerman To Play For Mixer Sattirday
John Ammeinnan’s bhnd will provide the music for the regular mixer Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock. The orchestra is well known on the campus having played at several previous mixers and other campus dances. The regular prices of admission Will prevail.
Churches To Give Party Campus GFonps Plan A Welcome For Winter Course Men A welcome party for all Winter Course men will be given by all the Protestant religious groups active on the campus. This party is to be held at the First M. E. Church at the cOinier of Main and South streets, West Lafayette, on Friday evening, January 22, at 7:30 p. m. The games will be in charge of Everett Warten, Roland White, and Kenneth Brown. Refreshments will be served by Miss Annella Boas. There will also be singing led by Charles Cox. Every religious group on the campus has been invited to send representatives to make announcements concerning its program of the coming weeks.
Short Courses Attract 183 Largest AtfCndanoo On Record Since ’l4 Wlien 192 EnmUed Registrations for the 1937 annual eight-week Winter short course numbered 183 students Tuesday evening. This is the largest eiuroU ment in this course since 1914 when 192 persons were registered. Last year 168 persons Were enrolled in the course. Classes started Tuesday. The increase in enrollment was attributed to the increasing interest ih agricultural training and an improvement in agricultural condition by V. C. Freemhn, assisthht dean of agriculture.
Miller HeBds Project R. M. Miller, C. E. ’13, is project engineer on a $6,500,000 houeing project known as Laurel Homes in Cindnnati, Ohio. Thie comprises 1,279 apartmente with a total of 4,106 room. On a 31 acre tract.
Executive Bldg.FormaUy Accepted President Elliott Asked To Make Real Estate Course Study Final acceptance of the new Executive Building by the University featured the quarterly meeting of the University Board of Trustees yesterday in session for the first time in the new trustees room of the structure. The board members with the other University officials and representatives of the Public Works Administration, made the final inspection. The PWA contributed $151,875 toward the constructiott eff the building, representing 45 per cent of the cost. Student Service Offices 'The building was built by A. E. Kemmer, local contractor and University graduate, who also has the contract for the new field house and a second unit of the Women's Residence Hall. 'The three lower floors of the building have been occupied by the principal student service and administrative offices of the university, and part of the fourth floor, which has been left unfinished, is occupied by the accounting division of the State Soil Conservation committee. Real Estate Course A resolution from the Indianapolis Real Estate Exchange asking for the instituting of a coarse in real estate including land and buOding studies ,te[>ptekiaals, etc., was discussed at length, and President Elliott was asked to make a tiiorough study of the project With the realtors.
Pi Kap|>a Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of G. H. Allen, E^amazoo Mich.; T. M. Dakin, Hammond; and M. E. Cverbeck, Huntingbiirg.
PUBLICATION
During fihal examinations the Exponent will be published on the following days: January 28, 26, and 28. Regular publicaiion Will resume February 2.
Women’s Club The music section of the Women’s Club will meet at 2:30 o’dodc today in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. Hubert M. James, soprano, with Mrs. L Walerstein, accompanist, will sing two groups of solos. Her first numbers wiU be “Ein Jungling Liebt eine Madelien” and “Die Alten Bdsen laedSi:’’ (Schumann) and Schubert’s “Gretchen am Spinnrade” and "Die Pest.” Her concluding group will include four selections by Johannes Brahms as fellows: “Standeben,” “laebestre,” “Feldeinsamkeit”, and “Vergeliches Standeben.” Mrs. R. B. Stewart wl read a paper, “Composers of the Romantic Period, in Music.” Mrs. Raymond E. Girton pianist, will play "Arabesque in C. Majet” (SchumhUn): feur pisne pteittdea will be played by Mrs. E. P. Soneson and a recording of Yon Weber’s overture to “Der Freischuts” will also be heard.
EXAM SCHEDULES
Final examination schedules for today, Friday, and Saturday are listed on page 4 of Has issue.
Notre Dame University Men Turn Thumbs Down On Girls • Too Expensive
By Beth McCool ^ Notre Dame University men have discovered that the ohlF way to keep down tbu expenses is by keeping away from girls. Thirty-SeveU per cent of the fellows spend as little as a dollar a week aside from educational expeUses, and fif^-nine per cent spend two dullats a week. Only a few of them spend more than that. They all attribute their thrift to the fact that there are no co-eds in the universiW* Only fifteen per cent of the students deplore the fact Hiht there are no id^ls, nimteen per eent desire to Imve co-eds sbmetimes, and the rest are entirely satisfied witei their “bachelor’s bliss.'’ Ideal Girl Hmfrevttt:, in spite of their lack of eiithi»iasm where girls ate emir ceriied, every onei of tbem has an ideal gM ih his mind. Inanswerlhg
the question, “What rixtues do you hu^t desire in a girl?” the studesnts answered: First, purity; seemid, intelligence; third, honestf- Beauty came in Mth, and personality was eighth in the list. One student is still teying to find a girl who will drink a duoso glass of beer instead of a fiO-eent coi^tail. Half of tbem would like a college educated wife; the rest axe not so sute. "Bust-UpsT* More than thirty-one per emit of the ate^Nsts had had a *%ihtb>hp** with their girls at somStinKS or saaother. Chie remarked: affected my appetite for a whlkh bht I always felt hotter alteHr w% teate through with oaeh sHk#. TbeSS tetSte were aB hroui^ oal in. the nxdverstty^ anhwM sirtey el student opinions on social, monk s|9ri%ual» and teteUeetual hidilts.J
A
iL
yfcgelNW)
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thufsday, January, sil» 1037
Current Comment
“White list”
At times in our college life it seems that there are persons about us who take particular delight in discussing the weaknesses m others, rather than pointing out the admirable qualities of the individuals in question. Continual gripes, complaints, and words of dissatisfaction soon outgrow the bounds ot constructive criticism. Too often such chronic individuals have much to do in moulding the attitudes and the opinions of fellow students toward instructors. If the instructor be especially good, his attributes may become known to a few; however, if he has any faults, each undesirable trait is known throughout the campus and that professor is marked—he is definitely on the ‘‘black list.” Students sign for his courses only because said courses jrield credits necessary lor graduation. Why can’t we have a “white list,” a means of publicising the good in those who face us from behind the desk? Why not have a student record of the courses which are liked and enjoyed and which should be favorably recommended to others ? If we must have a “black list,” and a certain amount of criticism is only natural and desirable, we should at least have a “white list” to supplement it. If in our places of residence, especially in fraternities and sororities, we would make a permanent recording place for the listing of good courses under desirable instructors, the difficulty of choosing professors as well as optional courses would be greatly minimized. One person’s opinions would no longer need be accepted with such a concensus of ideas at hand. Students, instructors, and the University as a whole would benefit from such an arrangement.—^L. S. H.
Critics
Criticism is a necessary evil, and critics are usually made aware of this fact by some such statement's “Well, if you think you can do better, go ahead.” The idea that the critic must have as much technical knowledge and skill as the man whose work he criticises seems proof against logic with most people. The critic’s middle name is said to be futility —^he cannot do anything constructive himself so he spends his time in pointing out fancied mistakes in the work of others. Samuel Johnson with his characteristic wisdom saw through this fallacy; he declared that a man didn’t have to be a carpenter to know that a table was ill-made. Admittedly critics would usually do poorer work than the people they criticize, but that is no reason for discrediting their criticism. A mind trained to see errors may or may not be a sour one, but it cannot be said that it is a useless one. The word of a critic tells the worker how he can make his work better; it eliminates the imperfections that detract from the value of anything. And in so doing it becomes as much a part of the productive process as the actual labor and inventiveness of the worker. r. E. B.
Cutting And Consequences
“Most students with good high school records cannot afford to cut classes.” That is a conclusion drawn by David Larrabee, assistant to the deai^of men at the University of Illinois, from his NYA-financed study of class absences at that institution last semester. Larrabee reports that more than 83 per cent of freshmen habitual cutters (students who cut two or more academic courses seven or more times a semester) who stood in the upper fifth of their high school classes had college averages of 2.5 (equivalent to about 76 per cent) or below. Almost 94 per cent of freshman “habituals” from the lowest fifth of their high school classes averaged 2.5 or less, and nearly 70 per cent made a scholastic index of less than 2—^the lowest passing numerical grade. Assuming that high school class ranking is a criterion of a student’s ability, we must conclude from this research that very few students, no matter how scholarly, can be absent from classes regularl}^ and maintain high grades, which stand first in importance with employers of college graduates.—R.P.M.
Cije Purbue exponent
Founded in ISSS
Entered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maU, $8 50 per year; delivered by corner, $2.50 per year; sold by singrle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5088 Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Ed{tor-in-CbieC„
EDITORIAL STAFF
Managing Editor Aasoeiato Editoro-
— W. T. Hunt - E. H. Morris
Sophomore Assistants
A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. EL Forster,
R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance
B H Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil,
WOMEN’S STAFF
_ Helen Creech ~~ Jesnpe JTanousde, Dpris McCartney,
. .. Elizabeth Pyke Advertising Manager Hetty Barnett
Editor „ Associate Editors.
Bnsiness MAnsger
BUSINESS STAFF
National Advertbing Manager Local Advertising Manager
Cireulation Manager
R. J. Hulse L. EL Brown . D.C. Miller J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF l!dltor~.-i— „ . L. D. Wood Assodato Eaitow-... W, H, Fllleld, B. R, Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Issue ISditor—C. D. Scliroeder.
Readers* Opinions
Tht Sxfotfmt weleomtt comments of good Uste and reasonctle length from Us readers.
An Appeal To Justice
To the Editor: It would seem that we must be forever quibbling over something or other; so since no other more suitable subject presents itself to me just now, I may as well cease tryiiag to be reasonable and meet my opponents on their ground of narrow-minded selfishness. In other words, I shall attempt to meet the arguments which have been advanced in favor of the no smoking tradition. Let us for this purpose go back for a moment to Thursday, January seventh, and see what we can find in that day’s Exponent. Ah, there it is. An observation, it is called. But just what is an observation ? Why merely that those people who smoke on the campus are either freshmen (distinguished as such by their pots, toques’and bewildered expression) or else they are people who are not ‘big shots’ on the campus. Now, when I have finished I believe that the fairminded reader will agree with me that this observation is quite unfair and certainly not true, but even if it were fair and true, it still could carry no weight in the battle which is raging over our peaceful campus. It has been said that a prejudiced observer sees only that which his prejudices permit him to see, and I am come to the point of believing such a statement, for I have witnessed such people as cadet officers, billiard aces, captains in the regular army, heads of university departments, varsity debaters, and Wearers of the cords pursuing the sacrilegious course of puffing on the campus. Surely such people as these are not to be disregarded when we compile a list of our “big shots” as they are so aptly named. Enough of January the seventh, let us now look at the next major defense of no smoking which appears in the Exponent for Saturday, January sixteenth. Tradition is the name given this extremely logical (and not at all selfish) bit of reasoning. In attempting to prove that a thing’s being a tradition constitutes a reason for retaining that thing. Mr. Harvey has told us that if we are to disregard traditions as such, we must cast aside our celebrations of Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving Day, and Valentine Day. He even goes so far as to point out that marriage would have to be discarded under the conditions, but Mr. Harvey seems to have forgotten that the example of tradition which he has given are all cases in which the thing that is practiced is approved by the majority of of those practicing; this fact destroys the analogy which he was attempting to draw between our no smoking tradition and the examples which he used, for I am still quite unconvinced, if you will, of the universal acclaim given to no smoking on the campus; so once again I say let us stop this childish haranguing and appeal to those who have the proper authority for an opportunity of, registering our beliefs on this score. I might even go so far as to suggest that we give to each student who registers on February second or third a ballot bearing the words, “No smoking tradi tion—^Yes or No.”—Joe Rittenhouse.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
Tha Esegonent toill not assume resfonsiiiUty for the opinions voltad to this ootunm. AmA opMasa are ttdely ihosi ef Ae toritar.
War, Or No War?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
FINALS FINALS FINALS FINALS FINALS
FINALS
To you, ELLEN VAN HOESEN, I do wish to beg pardon for the gross error in yesterday morning’s column—^it is ELLEN MANN, whose name should have been mentioned . . .
AIN’T IT THE TRUTH The girl for me must be a blonde With eyes as blue as the heavens beyond Her skin must be of lily white Her heart must long for me each night.
To save me, I just can’t find A co-ed of this true blue kind. So for the future, I can plainly see A bachelor’s life in store for me. —Daily Student Ed’s note—^for once I agree with with an 1. U. stude . . .
“Watch out—^the soup’s hot! Burnt my thumb carrying it in.”
‘How can I make anti-freeze?” ‘Just hide her woolen pajamas.”
MARS passes ARE easy TO get—ALL you HAVE to DO is TURN in the best.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
ARC
TODAY—FKI —SAT. JOHNNY MACK BROWN
“COURAGEOUS AVENGER” —and— LEWIS STONE and BRUCE CABOT
‘DON’T TURN ’EM LOOSE” —Also— CLYDE BEATTY
“DARKEST AFRICA” —^Plus Mickey Mouse Cartoon
FAMILY
Casualties in the bloody Spanish civil war are mounting daily, but the end is not yet in sight. The question anxious peace lovers are constantly asking themselves is not who will win, but will the war spread over the rest of Europe ? If one can believe everything that is said by the dfelomats and dictators of Europe, no nation desires such a war. But if one looks at the actions of at least three of these same nations—Russia, Germany, and Italy—it seems that they are doing all in their power to bring about a war. That is, they don’t want a general war; but they do want to fight themselves. The non-intervention agreement sponsored by Great Britain was on the rocks before it went into effect, with all those powers who had anything to gain continuing to aid one side or the other in war-tom Spain. By secretly giving aid, they have been able to maintain bold fronts and insist that other nations keep their hands out of the mess. That peace is endangered cannot be denied, but it does appear that no war will come in the immediate future. Few of the major powers are really ready for another world conflict, and thus they will only go as far as they can without forcing all the hands and inaugurating another conflagration. The whole situation is but another indication that some day a war of hitherto unknown proportions will break.
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
Two First Run Hits
LUMA
TODAY—PRI^AT.
togttbsr again In Dathlall Hasunett a
wmar/tM . James STEWART • Elissa LANDI i
|oseph CALLEIA • Jessie RALPH i «lll«M rielin f
—Plus— Popeye Cartoon
WHO DARES BAHLE THE CRIME KIHfiOFTHE WEST!
Exponent Platform
1. Reform the Student-Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
I'BPnn
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE BILL
GOCkTAILSi CORPSESi KISSES AMD KILLINfiS!]
A vary marry PairytHMlayary, mirthful murdar pravlda tha •aason's mast mystarical hit I Don't utloa HI
•THE CASE or the .mitWT ClAWS
With war^°^illiam mffiRoDD^VINISHAW
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
First Lafayette Showing
A TWO-FISTED SINGING SEA-R ANGER ... WHO SOUGHT FOR PIRATE GOID AND FOUND A GREATER TREASURE IN tOVE I
GEORGE^ HOllISfGIr MARIAN^^NIXON
REPUBLIC release^
—^Plus— 3 Stooges Comedy Cartoon In Color TODAY FEL—SAT.
hiARIvy|
J i
Thursday, January 21,1987
THE PtTRDUE EXPONENT
ScienMst Colts Heart Efficieni Blood Pump
Chicago, 111.—(AGP) T».^the writer of romantic poetry, it might Bdem sacrilegions to call the human heart an eflftcient blood-pump-ing machine. Be that as it may. Prof. Maurice B. Visscher of the University of Minnesota medical school told the opening session^ of the autumn meeting of the national Academy of Sciences that the heart is just about twice as efiScient, in regard to fuel economy, as modern steam or gasoline engines. Food-Fuel Percentage The healthy heart, he said, can change 20 per cent of the energy contained in its supply of food-fuel into useful work. The best fuel efficiency of a steam engine is about 10 to 11 per cent.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
All-East Players Regular Fellows—Says Drake
Carole Lombard, Eric Linden Greet Easterners On Studios Tour
By J. H. Deckert
Back from the sunny clime of Califorma comes Purdue’s John (Ducky) Drake with strange tales from the land of everlasting summer. (Sorry, folks, most of these stories are censored by the sterling press of the Exponent). “Well, Johnny, how were the boys of the All-East team as a bimch of fellows?” “Most of the boys turned out to be pretty regular fellows, and even though they had every reason to be conceited, they acted just as an average person would act ordinarily.” 'Studio Visits
“I understand that you and the other players visited some of the motion pictures studios in Hollywood. Tell me, did you see any of the flicker stars that most of us way back here at “ole Purdue” would know of?” “Yes, the Shriners took us to several different studios, and we had the pleasure of meeting a few of the more noted stars. The first person that we met was Carole Lombard, a Fort Wayne product, and she insisted upon telling us of her New Year’s eve. But she looked very sleepy, so we gently took leave.
EXAMS
BEFORE: Hare a pre-exam outline for your courses. They are valuable for review.
AFTER: We'll give you cash for your used text books.
SOVTUWORTH’S
This W eek
et
A SPECIAL SALE ON
SHIRTS
Our regular lines of Jayson and Columbia Shirts are reduced for one week only— WHITES NOT INCLUDED $1.95 and $2.45
THIS WEEK
$U9
$1.50 and $1.65 THIS WEEK
$1.19
FANCY HOSE 35c values 29c 50c values 39c 75c values 59c $1,00 values 79c
500MAIHST
CLOTHES SHOP INC
We then ran into Eric Linden, who by all appearances was still celebrating.” Power On Offense
“Say, Ducky, what do you think of Larry Kelley as a ball player? Is he as great as all the sports writers claim he is ?
“Larry is a darn fine man on offense, and he is awfully tough when it comes to catching passes. The boy from Yale is not outstanding on his defense work, but he was good enough to be voted unanimously as All-American end for the past season.” Dependable Player You have played both with and against Widseth of Minnesota. Considering both of these facts, what opinion did you form of his playing?” “Widseth is a powerful fellow, and he uses all of that power to wear down his opponents. He can almost always be coimted upon to take out his man.” “Well, Johnny, time’s a’wasting’, and I have to be going. Thanks a lot for your time.”
32 Rhodes Scholars Represent Every Section Of America
Under The Mirror
Book notes from the Browsins Boom
HOW TO WORRY SUCCESSFULLY By David Seabury
Swarthmore, Pa.—(ACP)—Appibximately twenty-seven universities and colleges representing all sections of the countryj, ciontri|>uted the 1937 Rhodes Scholars-elect to Oxford University. In announcing the complete returns of the thirty-two y scholars selected. Dr. Frank Aydelotte, president of the Swarthmore College and American Secretary to the Rhodes trustees, pointed out that the distribution was more wide-spread than in recent years, only thi^ee universities or colleges having more than one scholar-elect. Princeton University is represented by four scholars, nominated from Connecticut, Ohio, Texas and Missouri; Harvard by two, from North Carolina and Florida; and Swarthmore College by two, from Virginia and Maryland. Twentyfour colleges and universities supplied the other scholars. The scholarships represent an annual stipend of 400 pounds sterling for two years study at Oxford University, with the option of a third year's study if work warirants it. Founded under the will of Cecil Rhodes, the scholarships are available to thirty-two men each year,
Michigan’s national collegiate swimming champs will open their home season against a conference opponent Saturday afternoon, meeting Indiana. Coach Matt Mann looks for little trouble from the Fightin’ Hoosiers, since his squad is in tip-top shape after a vacation imder the sun and in the smrf of Florida. From all appearances, the Swimming Wolverines seem to be headed for another Conference championship. Coach Mann has several new boys, who according to their work in practice look as if they had great possibilities.
This book, a recent addition to our shelves, is proving very popular perhaps because of the title. The author is an eminent psychologist and popular lecturer and his treatment of this habit of worrying is seen to be sound, thoroughly human, and distinctly encouraging. To quote from the preface; “Worry is a form of anticipation. Nature makes us do it. Forethought is essential to intelligent living. It is only when apprehension is ruled by nervous anxiety, and imagination distorted by fear, that woiry injures us. When reason guides emotion, and deliberation merges with imagination, foresight becomes the very center of accomplishment. We must experience one of these two states of mind; Confused brooding or a calm calculation. In our-choice lies the difference betweei^ vidse and foolish living. To clarify this distinction, at the papm time outlining a few practical processes of thought, is the one and only purpose of this book.”
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
DB. A. M. naON DENTIST
119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
^UDDEN ^ERVICP
IlNTING, Oilie* SUilontry. > Weddins InvRailont
PHONE - W«Bool...Ele... 9 6 2 8 CAS3EL*S 408t--ERRy
□
P ■ fi
Yrdlvednes Meet 1, IL In Tank Duel Saturday
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
O. E. CARR Furniture Upholstering and Repairing Ph. 3758 106-8 Main St.
>A
tkdwcndty Ctikmdsar
Today 9:00 a. Cemtarol OpOfatmH'a Confereiiee, Eomn 108 Ag EML 2:80 a.itt.—Tmim Wonten's Okdb, Music Section, Music room, Unk ion Building. 0:30 p. my—Entomolgy IHnner In Tower Room, Union Building; 7:30 p. my—Camera Chib, Room B, Union Bnilding* Tomenow 9:00 a. my—Pest Control Operator's Conference, Hoorn 1(^, Ag HaB. 4:00 p.m.—^Agronomy Seminar, in Room 201, Ag Hall. 7:00 p. my—^P. I. A. Orchestra, Tower Room, Union Bnildiilg* 7:15 p.m.1—Cosmopolitaii Club, in Room F of Union Buildingy Saturday 6:15 p.m.—Alpha Sigma odt Sigma Alpha, Liitiation dinner. Peasant Room of Union Bunding. 9:00 p.m.—^Dance, Mixer, BaOroom of Union. Boilduig.
B0SSUN6 Shoe Repair Shop in tlw VARSITY BOOT SHOP
s hme. .
SHOE iCE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
POPCORX - PEAXTTS
Planter9—Redskins—Spanidi Chocolate Dipped—^Hot Roasted Always Fresh
Dad^s Place • • • So Handy
SPECIALS
at
DEWENTER’S
J A N U A R Y S E NSATl ON
CORDUROY SPORT COATS $5.95 Grades to Close Out
$2.95
SWEATERS—SLIPON STYLE About 50 in this Lot—Special
fl.OO
SHIRTS Buttondown and Regular Collars Values to $1.65
Now 1*00
PAJAMAS
$2.00 Grades—^now $1.55 $1.65 Grades—^now $1.25
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
“Eliminate Guesswork From Your Diet
You don't have to guess where you are going to eat and what you are going to be served. There is no need of your guessing whether you are going to like a certain dish. Instead you are able to see what you are ordering . . . and you can get it in a hurry since there are two fast moving lines in the Cafeteria. Eliminate "guesswork" and get the Cafeteria habit.
etetia
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Center ef ef
. -f ^ Am
AMJV
i
¥tts f»trftBpie BXPONEKy
Have ¥ou Had ¥otii* Suede Jaeke^ Crown Clenned Lately?
Rdc^ntly the Crown instituted a new Service on cleaning Suede jackets. By this new process the Jacket is returned with its original softness and lustre—-an evanness of color. No additional cost on this new service.
Cro
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Make Your Own
Anti-Run^ Water Proof Solution
By this time, many home economics readers have come across the new anti-run, water-proofing powder that has been put on the market for use on silk hosiery. Those Who have not yet discovered the new preparation will be gratified to learn that the same effect may be produced by dissolving one ounce of aluminum sulphate, which may be purchased at any drug store, in one quart of water. Stockings are soaked in this solution for thirty minutes, rinsed and allowed to drip dty. Then these ate again washed in soapy water and allowed to drip dry. Claims Extravagant While neither the commercial ndr the home-made preparation lives up to the somewhat extravagant claims of the department stdte dbmonstrktor, it is true that the run-resistance of a stocking is noticeably increased and that water spots are cut down considerably. Experiment-minded women might be interested in applsnng this wat-er-prmifing trenisnent to bther of their wearing apparel, such as coats jackets and headgear.
Army Offieer Suggests NeU) foi^thnAl Sorting System tmpfo’te'm^nt
Washington, D. C.—(AGP)—^Asserting that the present football scoring system does not always al-
low the best team to win. Col. E. A. Hickman, F. D., United States Army, on duty as finance officer of the 34 Corps Area, has offered a new scoring method. He suggested that the value of the touchdown and the field goal be reduced from six points to five and from three points to two respectively. Col. Hickman declared that a team could earn a point for each first down—^no matter the excess yardage made, each forward or lateral pass completed and resulting in gain, each forward pass intercepted, each fumble recovered, and each kick that rolled outside within the ten-yard line. The team would also lose a point for fumbling and net recovering or for each fifteen yhrd penalty inflicted upon it.
Old Popeye Is Wrong Spinach Rates Low As Iron Source For Body
Madison, Wis. —(ACP)—^Prevalent ideas on the question of what are the best foods for warding off nutritional anemia will have to be greatly revised as the result of the findings made at the University of V^lsfebhsin dtfrihg thfe ftew years. The important point to which the state University investigators call attention is that the usefulness of a fobd for this Imrpose dobehds nbt hlbhe bn hbW hTdOh iron it ^ntainS, but bh be# mufi it hseiibie by the bo^y. Peer Irbik dbltrlibb Many children Will be both surprised and jiibhsed tb ^dw that
when these facts are taken into consideration, it becomes clear that spinach and other leafy plants are rather poor sources of iron. During the past year, G. 0. Kohler, C. A. Elvehjem and E. B. Hart of the University of Wisconsin in cooperation with the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foimdation, have continued to make determinations on the availability of iron in common foods materials.
Perfected Tests Some of the materials which Hart Elvehjem and Kohler have analyzed rank as follows in the percentage availability of their total iron:— beef liver, 72; fresh peas, 72; raisins 62; bananas, 61; apneots, 50; fresh grass, 33; lettiice, 28; parsley, 23; and spinach, 19. This work has Shown that the iron in most of the cereal grains has an availability of About 60 cent.
Classified Ads.
For Rent—Double room for boys Phone 76251.
TYPteWRlTERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, 8old> rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
XSYS
Kejra tor tmnUi^ door locks, d«dc loclu^ nitht ImteniM luid padlocks. Ante keys and huidle locks a spoeiidty. F. Jos. Miilhaupt & Son Phone 282S LafayattSb bid.
tibst^Large bi'own wallet in llbaVilob l^All of Unibh Mdihg. Contaiiis taluable papers. Bewaird. J. W. Ferguson, 301 State street, Phdftfe 4271.
Room To Rent—Desibablb Aifetfloor room at 527 Statb street.
Room For Rent—(Close to cam^^ pus. Board if desired. Phone 41612.
NOTICES
No neticM MtaiMwl mtar t p. m.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be griven in Booih 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 80, 8 to 11 o’clock. —POOKMAN.
Pistol Team—^No practice until 4 p. in. February 4. Return magazines to supply room at once. —KAY.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIBR.
W. A. A. BaiAetball—Girls wishing: to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board iU the Women’s Gym before February 8. —SHAFFER.
Change of Schools—All students desiring to change schools must file applic^ioti forms in the Registrar’s office before January 28. —STONE.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Keys are available for paid up new members. Please call for them at room 827, Fowler Hotel, between 6 and 11 p. m. —KREISER
Gyni Lockerb—^Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them aUd $1 to the Cashier’s office iU the new Administration Building before noon January 80, 1937, and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewaL Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 80, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Sophomores In Chemical Engineeringi—All sophomores in fdie school of chemical engineering are required to attend a meeting to be held in room 106 in the Chemistry Building on Friday, January 22, at 4 p. m. Attendance will be taken at tiiis meeting since important matters concerning the junior year will be presented. 1%e meeting will probably not last more than 16 minutes. —BRAY.
SPARRENDAHL M^rehant Bloiel Fowler 4tli and Fbrry
DomeFa Flowar Shop Quality FlowbirB Main at 7th Rhime 6050
A. l^wling(—lAIl ho-eds latef^ted in tnb powlinlf fotumdmdfat plea^ 9igu hp bn builbtin bmfd ih
Co-ed Reereatioii—^e Women’s GymnaSium tun, BS fgw^.dailir ufitft 6 & m recl^ationlii hetivities duiing the dxaihination period. Women may bring men. Re-> dort to miih office fomequipdOeihiyj.^^
Physical Mttealibn SVir Wdmen—Freshmen in Home Economics or Science who plan to qualify fof a liCbhse to teach Physical Eduwtion mem January 21 at 4 o’clock in thfe Women’s GymUksidin ffer imboirthnt announcement. —hAzblton.
Camera Club—Members will plekse clean out their lookers before January 28 for remfedellhg purposes; otherwise their pinmerty will be destroyed. —CLAYPOLE
yjs SdfflrfTia Bliwk Oari far filial Oacaataiu 8Be per passenger any pirt bt the city 6428 r&dM8i im TJBLLOtir CAB GO." ^
“DEAC” UAS sveavramG Tor a C6tO!€}B! teDtJCATlON A. 6.
WE pay 40%
CASH
For Secohd-Hand Books
H. G. **DEAr REISHER
How are you
doing it-*-??
Lafayette’s leading merchants contact Purdue Students through the mediuffi of
The EXPONENT
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Petiiida THURSDAY. JAN. 21, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom Agron 23 —All * B 36 an * B 214 .-All * Chem 123 All Bd201 Chem 133 —ail -i»CE201 Chem 243 —All -ChemfflO CE 224 AU ..CE203 C&T2 All Ed 101
Fc 1 C 8014 Ec 1 D * Ec 11 I ME 3 Ec 117 an EA208 Ed 1 a,B EE254 Ed 3a C -Chem 106 Ed 11a AU Ed 204 Ed 17 A- Ed 208 EE 6 AU EBIM EE 231 AU, FMgtl AU 80211 FMgtll4 AU ^118 For 27 AU ME 108 Gcol 4 AU Heav208A Geol 107a AU Heav208A Hist 15 0 * Hist 121 AU Hort 11 AU ! Hort 25 AU * Hort 131 AU IM 37 AU Math 1 H-N.XH,XI -* Math 2 B,XB -* Math 9 A Math 12 G-K ME 194 AU ME 207 MD 125 AU ML 149a AU * PE 13 AU -GlOl PE 33 AU -GlOl PhOlSl AU ,* Ph 0 221 AU * phar 11 AU ..^.PharSll raar 20 AU * Pbys2 AU PliyB 22 AU PhTa202 PM 11 A,D -CE 308,309,,*
Period 8 THURSDAY, JAN. 21,1-4 P.
Course
Divisions
Heav202 y* .-Ed 101 Ed 201 .019201
Chem 1 Z,AA,AB-—_,.,,_ME108 i^eha 1 AG^Ab G101 Ghfetti 29 -ME 207 Chem 119 —AU * CE 111 AU CE206 CE 143 AU * CE 153 AU * CE 163 AU * CE 165 AU „* CE 175 AU ^204 Ec 1 E,XE— —F) E ^4 Ec 1 F EA208 Ec 113 AU * Ed 1 G SC 14 Ed 1 H Chem 106 Ed 3a D * Ed 112 AU Ed 208 EE 4 AU * EE 7 AU EE 129 Engl 14 8 Engl 16 A,B 1 * Engl 124 AU * FMgtl07 AU * For 9 AU * GE 107 AU ME 103 HA 7 A * HA 7 B HE 108 Hist 2 A,B Phys202 Hist 15 A.B * Hist 106 A - ^* Math 3 BrT * Math 4 B * Math 12 A,B,XA, XB ^* Math 117 AU * ME 31 O MB 301 ME 94 AU ^* ME 95 A ,* ME 143 AU ^* ML 23 B * ML 43 B ML 55 A ^* ML 56 B Pur 212 ML 65 O Pur 111 ML 55 XO — -* ML 63 B -* PEW 61 A-B, 80211 PhO 117 AU * Phar 81 AU Phys 9 All * Ponl 25 AU —* ^* PM 16 A,B 308,301,804
Period 4 FRIDAY, JAN. 22» 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AH 4 Ah—* A*10ill7,118 AH 7 AU *-*A#m 206,209 AH 112 All -* AM 1 *:.^J,XJ,K-..„w * B 80 JUI ..-***
ChE2l9 AU HhavlOS Chem 29 A * * Chem 29a A 80211 Chem 29a __IB G101 Chem 29b — AU OB 201 Chem 105 — AU EE 129 Chem 181 AU Oiem 279 AU ,* 0<fcT 24 AU ^* DH 109 AU Smll2 EC 11 D,P- Phys 202 Ec 125 XA -* Ec 125 A,B Phys 202 Ed 1 F. Ed 201 Ed 3a B Ed 204 Ed 75 D Ed 208 Ed 154 AU *-i -* EE 23 AU * EE 110 AU * Engl 14 R * Engl 108 AU .* Engl 115 AU * Engl 116 A,B ^* Engl 12S —_AU * im 11 -x-,~AU * HE 202,213 P&N 19 AU, HE 108 For 5 ^ Geol 5 Heav202 Hist 115 AU * Hort 24 AU * IM 36 AU * IM 141 AU-- HE 109 Math 0 A,B,^ ,* Math 2 P—s.«r -* Math 8 K-Q,XK Math 4 u*DJ. * * Math 9 - 0,D .* Math 105 —AU * Math 161 .-*AU ^* ME TO — *MB 301-812 ME M .„i..*AH.* -* ME 90 A, b * ME 91 AU .*
MB 98 .,*A11 J i M,*,,,*.
ME 120 Ah,
ML 23 O * n AU —,-,JE)4202 ii B,0—,wv--,-(felOl,808,-*
Period 5
FRIDAY, JAN. 22,1-4 P. M. ColiriSh Di^8idns ttotfm
Ab AD
._,*-Ah-,-l--l.—,,,*—Kl.—4.™J AU > AE 12 A-m —^.-,AE202 AH 106 ,JMe117,118,104 B3 All SOW OhOtti I ^i.,-,.ABA8-AE,
BA4BB3E Ed 101.201 CSiem 109o ...AUi. ^Chem320 GE 6 **-*Jk. CElOl CE6 B,0 *..hB129 CE 6 D,E *-*»..-.CB868 CE 6 ,F,G^———_OE201 CE 6 m .^a.*^***. Jib 207 CE 6 * -GlOl Ed 17 B * * M 50 -AU * Engl 14 Bee 813 Engl 14 N,0 w * Engl 19 E*.u ,-JJE254 Engl 106 u AU A. *.Unlv 109 Engl 111 AU * Engl 121a —All * Engl 137 .,,.AUi Gov 119 ALL * Hist 1 l™II”"IIlM2‘i68 Math 221 —AU- * *-** ME 129 AU * ML 127 .w*-,AU,. ^* ML 175 * AU * MT 7 ,-*-*-,AU 80211 MT 17 —*-AU * * ^* Phys lb AU,^ Phys 202
Period 6
SATUfeDAt, Jan. 28, 8-11 A. M.
Conrse Divisions Boom AD 106 -Mnr -SSffi AM 1 ffixL.M ,^254 B 1 * tlfeU-X BdlOl B 18 A* CE201 B 18 S,0 80211 B 130 **-AU * OhE 221 ^ * Chem 1 B^ ME 3 Chem 117 —.A-F, Ed 101 Ec 11 —*A,B Phys 202 Ec 12 *A* SOW Ee 12 —..-u—B--* i..Oheml« Ec 115 -^_-*-AU-, aiOi Be 127 * Ed 31 AU Ed 75 -.*.u,-C-v.4.a Bee 313
Ed 107 EE 19 BE WS ikuub.^ !1T4 ,14^.-, 185 . agl 6 '
it 8
' Mgt 2
W 113 *b-,-GE104 -.bw,GE 110 ,b).u«i£, Govt 104 *« ,
Math 1 bb—A*^
aw
t;—;;-!3fiia ;U.. .?
Math 2 „—A,X A,,.-..,,,,— Math 3 HP Math 4 * bb** Math 13 „,,A ——,.*,*** Math 119 —Ah b-,wa*— ME 31 * imSOl ME 95 bB b*** ML 21 AU bb* ML 169a * AU * ** PhO 7 Ah.b * PM 11 E_*_.b *_.bb-*
Period 7
SATURDAY, JAN. 28, 1-4 P. M.
Course Divisions Boom Agron 22 AU b-b*-** B 120 All —-b* Chem 23 All 2i&10i Chem 117 —G *-Gl01 DH 18 All-., ^* DH 118 All *
Be 1 H-*—
Be 11 EG, PhyiSOg
Ed 1 0-—
Ed 131 AU ft m 179 AU bbb*_b,ft EE so AU b,* HE136—b-AU •
EE 146 -bbbb JUlEE ik AU-
togl W b—-G.H,I.XI. -b.,b,b,ft Engl ]» _b—O- * ... - . * Ekigl 19 XD Engl 51 AU bb—* ei!}? : Ent 101 AU ^ol 122 ,b„AU b-b-b-ft BA 9^, AU- 4b,.—b-* Hist 113 „b.AU * Hortl AU .M0i?l;aO2 Math 12 aP30,XD—bb—*-* MAth 116 b—All L-b *
Me¥ AU-
ME 90 -b-b-B-b . •
:^~|47
.. *
ML 22 ML 41
lua—-...i! Ibb—— 1*.»—b—bfeiibb* 1—aBStBBSbW..b,,,kttb„* __ #