"t'B '"rf
Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
THURSDAY
Baby Chick, Egg Show Will Open Next Week
$30 In Prizes Offered For Student Divisions Finishing touches for the 1939 Purdue Egg and Baby Chick Show, to be held May 4, 5, and 6 in the Poultry Building, are now complete, according to student manager Vincent M. Hruby. Always one of the biggest shows in the country, present entries indicate that this exhibit will be the largest in recent years, making it one of the feature attractions during the University’s Gala Week activities. Prizes of cash, merchandise coupons and theatre tickets, amounting to $30, will be awarded to student winners in the various divisions. Three Divisions The student class in the show is divided into three divisions, with cash prizes for the highest scoring three dozen white and brown eggs of each division, and two dollars to the best dozen in the class. Students exhibiting five dozen in any class of the show may enter same eggs in the Purdue student Display Class and the Individual Display Class, competing for the $5 and $2 prizes respectively. Other classes that are open to University students are the 4-H Club, FFA, and the Open Class. Former Grads Judge William W. Ullman of the Kokomo Electric Hatchery, and a member of the class of 1930, will judge the chick show. Three former students in the short course, Ruth Keever, Logansport; Olive Gillespie, ^ Rochester; and Allabel Long, Mentone ; all federal egg inspectors, will assist in the judging. Five junior agriculture students; V. M. Hruby, manager; M. E, Myers, assistant manager; H. L. Whitham, chairman of publicity; W. R. Jenkins, chairman of exhibits; and E. C. Nesius, chairman of awards; are making arrangements for the exhibit. Premium lists giving rules, regulations, and prizes may be obtained by writing Max Myers, Poultry Building, W. Lafayette. Scabbard, Blade To Pick Best Soldier Scabbard and Blade will hold their annual Best Soldier contest on Saturday at 1 p. m. in the Armory. Basic military men still remaining in the contest are reminded that they will be required to wear their uniforms. The contest will consist of a written test on fundamentals of military tactics and organization and a demonstration in gun diill, materiel, and dismounted drill. Separate tests will be given to freshmen and to sophomores. Five medals will be given in each class and the first 10 in each class will receive citations. Chart!) School Will Hear Fashion Director Today “Selection of Accessories” will be the subject of the talk by Miss Elizabeth Patrick at the regular meeting of Charm School today at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Miss Patrick is fashion director of the L. S. Ajrres department store in Indianapolis. The meeting is one of the Charm School series sponsored jointly by WSGA and YWCA. J Murphy To Speak Prof Charles B. Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department, will speak tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Union Building at an open meeting of Sigma Delti Chi. Professor Murphy will relate some of his experiences as a reporter on the Indianapolis News and the Chicago Trir bune.
Gals Will Gallop In Gowns Of Gingham At Co-ed Bid Dance Tomorrow night Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, offers coeds and senior women a last chance to “pick their date” at the Gingham Gallop, last open co-ed bid dance of the year. Joe Cappo, who played for the Scabbard and Blade formal this year, will play again tomorrow night in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12. The key-note of the dance will be informal cotton dresses worn by the co-eds. Decorations for the ballroom will feature gingham umbrellas and animals upon a backdrop of yellow and blue. Bandstand fronts will be of contrasting gingham. Tickets are on sale now, and may be obtained at the Union desk, sorority houses, and from any of the 10 members of Mortar Board. Newman Convention Will Begin Tomorrow The Ohio Valley Province of the Newman Club will hold its convention at the University this week-end as guests of the local chapter. Besides tne various meetings, there will be a banquet Saturday evening, with the Most Reverend John F. Noll, D. D., Bishop of Fort Wayne, Reverend Vincent Mooney CSC, and Mai Elward, Purdue football coach, as speakers. The banquet will be followed by a dance at Lincoln Lodge. Club members who wish to attend are asked to get in touch with president R. C. Kasser in order that the necessary preparations may be
made.
Puttering Room Exhibit Receives Vote Of Approval Puttering Room, recent addition to Union activities, has catalogued and placed on exhibition in the Music Room for the entire week 100 pieces of student production, ranging from pencil sketches to marionettes for the forthcoming production of “Treasure Island.” A comment board placed with the exhibit has evicted many favorable remarks to date. Out of the 38 who saw fit to express an opinion, only three either disapproved of the project or thought the Work inferior. Several, however, thought that the exhibit contained too much copy work and that more attention should be devoted to originality. The majority of the visitors however, thought the work worth while and its value greatly under-publi-
cized.
WBAA To Honor World's Fair WBAA will present a program this afternoon in honor of the New York World’s Fair which opens on Sunday. Starting at 3, the program will run for half an hour. The script of the program calls for the conversation of three people taking a trip through the grounds. The program will describe the spacious grounds and exhibits. The Trylon and Perisphere will be described, and the theme of the Fair will be explained. The song of the Fair, “Dawn of a New Day,” will be featured on the program. The musical end of the program will also include music typifying the Fair, New York, and some of the exhibits. The scriiit for the program was written by Bob Shinn. The cAst of the skit will he Virgil Duncan, Hank Miller, and Mary Alice Miller.
April 27. 1939 Founders Diniier To Be Broadcast A thirty-minutCj interval of the Founders’ Day Dinner will be broadcast over the Mutual Network May 6. The dinner, part of the Gala Week festivities, will honor George Ade, Sc. ’87, and John T. McCutch-
eon, Sc. ’89.
Starting at 6 p. m., the dinner will be held in the Union ballroom. Barton R. Gephart, ME ’24, will act as toastmaster. The Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish the music. A manager from WLW will handle all the details of the broadcast. WSGA Counselors Outline Program For Next Semester One hundred girls attended the WSGA meeting for sophomores and juniors interested in becoming the counselors for freshmen and transfer students, yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge. The counseling program and duties of freshmen counselors were outlined by Libby Barmes, chairman of the freshman orientation committee. Margaret Saurer explained the responsibilities of the transfer counselors. Dean Stratton gave a short talk. Girls who did not attend the meeting but want to be counselors should sign up in the WSGA office for interviews which '^ill be given on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of this week. Counselors will be notified of their selection the first
week in May.
Forty-Eight Senior Co-eds Make Tours Of Chicago Firms Forty-eight senior co-eds in the home economics school, 20 from the Institutional Management group, 14 from the clothing and textile group, and 14 from the nursery school group have scheduled these trips in Chicago. Co-eds from the institutional management group and clothing textiles group left this morning at 3:46 on a special tram. Their trip will extend through Saturday. The nursery school group will leave for Chicago Monday, May 1 and return May 2. The institutional management group will be accompanied by Miss Edith Gamble and Miss Ruby Clark, the clothing and textiles group by Miss Philena Palmer and Miss Jeanne Halstead, and the nursery school group by Prof. Laura Partch, .director of the nursery school. Arrange Interviews The inspection trip is organized each year to allow senior co-eds a chance to study various industrial management methods in process and also present an opportunity for the co-eds to arrange interviews with employers. The nursery school section will have an opportunity to (Continued on page 4)
Lafayette, Lidiona Salesmanship Talks Continue Tomorrow, J. P. Sanger To Speak A special series of lectures on salesmanship, which have been arranged for students taking the general engineering course, “Distribution of Engineering Products,” will be opened, within the limitations of classroom to interested students. Among the speakers who have already appeared before the class are J. E. Bixler, sales manager of the Duncan Electric Co., Lafayette; A. J. McAllister, president of the Fairfield Manufacturing Co., Lafayette; and C. C. Adams, sales manager of the General Electric Co., Columbus. Lecture Tomorrow The next lecture of the series will be given by J. P. Sanger, vice-pres-ident of the U. S. Gypsum Co., Chicago, 111., at 8 o’clock tomorrow morning. All meetings of the class for special lectures are held at 8 a. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The remaining lectures are scheduled as follows: C. L. Saunders, vice president of the Minenapolis Honeywell Regulator Co., Chicago, 111., will speak May F. A. Russell, professor of business organization and operation. University of Illinois will speak on May 10. On May 12, L. E. Grisco, business manager. Dictaphone Corp., Indianapolis, will present sound movies. Clarence Henry, public relations manager, Chicago Board of Trade, will be here May 17. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter will speak on the 19th of May, and H. B. Abbett, University purchasing agent, will speak on May 24. Alpha Phi Omega f Elects And Pledges At a business meeting last night Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting service fraternity, elected the following officers for the remainder of 1939: L. B. McCammon, president;. J. M. Croxall, vice-president; A. Yates, vice-president; J. E. Ahrens, treasurer; R. E. Potts, secretary; R. Houser, historian. Sixteen new men were pledged last week and will be initiated this semester. The pledges are: Roger Bone, Lewis Campbell, E. C. Chambers, A. D. Croxall, C. W. Carmichael, W. P. :^ter, R. R. Hansen, C. L. Hobbs, B. Husted, W. F. Long, •J. H. Marshall, N. A. Ochiltree, W. K. Sharpies, W. H. Silverman, R. H. Schnell, J. D. Wolff. Kappa Delta Rho... . . . social fraternity, announces announces the election of the following officers: Bob Tibbetts, president; Call Lohr, vice-president; Tony Yankowski, lush chairman; George Peck, steward; Jack Kanally, secretary; Ken Kimmel, corresponding secretary; John Seymour, chaplain; Ted Hildebiand, sergeant-at-arms; James Storms, social chairman; William Slone, athletic manager; and Charles Kennedy, underclass financial committeeman.
VoLSO
No. 1S7
Physicists Will Report On Cyclotron At National Meeting In Washington Dr. W. J. Henderson and Dr. L. D. King, of the Physics department, left the University Tuesday for Washington, D. C., to attend a meeting of the American Physical Society, where they will report on the latest results obtained with the Purdue cyclotron. Physicists from all over the country will attend the meeting which opens today, continuing through Saturday. Describe Cyclotron —
Since Christmas the cyclotron has been steadily producing 16,000,000 volt alpha particles, i. e. helium neuclei accelerated to a speed equal to that which could be induced by 16,000,000 volts pushing them. The fast particles are able to penetrate the center of even the heaviest atoms. In this manner gold has been transforrned into thalium, and sulphur into chlorine and argon. Even carboh and oxygen, heretofore considered indestructible by
alpha particles, have been converted into other elements. In addition a great many other transformations have already been observed and described to the physical society. At present, Purdue and the University of California are the only schools that have produced such high energy particles through the use of a cyclotron. They have proven a I’emarkable tool with which to carry out neuelear reactions that otherwise could not be observed.
Boilermakers Drop Tilt To Notre Dame Irish, 9-0 South Bend, Ind., April 26—(Special)—Pounding Boilermaker slabmen Bob Bailey and John Emmert for 12 hard hit blows, Notre Dame's Irish nine administered a stinging defeat to the visitors from Lafayette, 9 to 0, here today behind the slants of ace right hander Norvall Huthausen, who held the Riveters in check by allowing only three hits.' Only one Boilermaker, Capt.
Co-ed Debaters Meet Illinois Squad Tonight In the last scheduled debate of the season, members of the co-ed team will meet a co-ed team from the University of Illinois at 7:30 tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall. Subject for discussion will be “Resolved that the employment of married women should be discoui*aged.” The affirmative will be upheld by Gene Pechin and Charlotte Finney for Purdue, while Barbara Towne and Lois Reisz will take the negative side of the issue. Tonight’s debate will be presented in discussion style, with the teams trying to discuss the issue rather than simply outmaneuver i^he other side. Members Qf SAE Convene Tomorrow Representatives from Chicago, Indianapolis, and Dayton will be on the campus tomorrow attending the annual midwest meeting of the University student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers. An inspection tour of the engineering laboratories will be conducted during the afternoon, followed by a banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:15 p. m. Final eliminations in the William B. Stout student paper contest will be held at the banquet. Members of the faculty and student body may obtain tickets at the main office in the Mechanical Building for one dollar. Wisconsin Textiles Prof. To Speak At Banquet May 4 Miss Hazel Manning, professor of clothing and textiles at the University of Wisconsin, will be the principal speaker at the spring banquet held jointly by the Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu, May 4 at the 5:30 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. All co-eds and faculty members are invited to attend the banquet, which is the last of its kind this year. The banquet will not be formal, as street dresses are in order. Virginia C. Meredith Club
James Thompson, rtached third base as Hunthausen, who up to date has 29 consecutive innings of hurling without allowing an earned run, twirled steady ball, striking out eight and giving up but one walk. Thompson Triples Thompson tripled to open the eighth inning but was out at the plate trying to stretch his hit into a four-bagger. It took a perfect relay from Oberbrumer to Vorhoestra to nail the Boilermaker chief, the ball beating him to the plate by three feet. '' For four innings the game was a moundsmen duel with Bailey giving up just two singles. The Irish, nevertheless, broke loose with a barrage of hits in the fifth and put the game on ice. Verhoestra singled to open the fatal frame for Purdue but was forced at second by Hunthausen. Nardone blasted a line drive into left field for a home run and the Irish led, 2 to 0. Bailey Replaced Notre Dame continued its attack on Bailey when Roy Pinelli doubled, Sullivan received a free trip to first and Ray Pinelli singled, scoring brother Roy and pushing Sullivan to third. Oberbruner singled to score Doyle after he had forced Ray Pinelli at second. Crane doubled to center to score Oberbruner. Emmert replaced Bailey at this point and struck out Verhoestra, ending the Irish half of the frame. Notre Dame picked up a pair of runs in the seventh when Ray Pinel(Continued on page 4) Hemmer To Speak At Ceres Meeting Floyd J. Hemmer, superintendent of the Indiana State Farm at Putnamville, will describe “Managing Indiana’s Largest Farm” at an open meeting of Ceres honorary agronomy and general agricultural fraternity, Tuesday, May 2 at 7:30 p. m. in the assembly room of Ag Hall. As superintendent of the penal farm, Hemmer, who is a graduate of 1922, is charged with the' management of 5,800 acres. After Hemmer’s address, winners in the annual Ceres essay contest will be presented with the Dickinson Cup, awarded in the upper division, and the Freshman Cup. Both first and second place winners will be given medals. This is the last meeting of the semester and is open to all agriculture students and staff members.
Will Elect Tomorrow Flyers To Sponsor
Contest Sunday At
Election of officers of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, which was scheduled yesterday in the Home Economics Building has been postponed until tomorrow. Tables will be maintained then in the lobby of the Home Economics Building from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. for members to vote. Voting will be only during the 10 minute interval between the classes. Only members who^ave paid their fees will be eligible for voting Friday. Foundation House Will Hold Hike Tomorrow The Wesley Foundation will hold its first hike of the season tomorrow evening. The party will leave 435 State Street at 5 p. m., and take part in a wiener roast, baseball game, and songfest at Happy Hol-
low.
All those who wish to go are requested to sign up at the Foundation House before Thursday night. Tickets are 15 cents each.
University Airport Purdue Flying Club will sponsor a flying contest Sunday afternoon at 1:30 at the University Airport. Admission is free and entry in the contest is 50 cents. Individual prizes are to be given to the winner of each event and a grand prize will be awarded to the one who secures the greatest total accumulation of points in the events. The contest is divided into ^xree events as follows: 1. A 500-foot spot landing with two attempts. 2. A 1,000-foot spot landing with two attempts. 3. Bomb dropping. Description of all events together with entry blanks may be obtained at the Airport. The entry blanks should be turned in at the Airport. All CAA pilots are cordially invited, and the time that they put in on the contest will count on their regulatr CAA time.i
f i I
V [
^dikhiaL
THE PDRDHE EXPONENT
^sedtwuuL
Thursday, April 27, 1939
I
You, By Now...
. . . have probably noticed the variety of initials at the bottoms of each day’s crop of editorials. And in all probability, you have noticed a great variation in the subject matter and style of these same articles. The cause for the increase in editorial writers is not due to any sudden realization that the University needs reforming or commending. No indeed. It is merely a sign that the Exponent stalf is reforming. Reforming should in this case be interpreted to mean exactly what it says—^the staff will soon be disbanded and formed again in a single night. Early next month, members of the Exponent electoral board will convene to choose the personnel for next year’s staff. From that date on, the newly chosen staff members will be the guiding forces behind your school paper. The signed editorials you have been reading and will be reading in the morning paper nowadays are the conscientious efforts of aspirants for staff positions ... aspirants who are testing or warming up their abilities as a matter of preparedness. This flurry of comment from the staff members may be aptly compared to the test flight through which trans-oceamc airliners are put before the major undertaking is attempted. One of these persons who are now limbering their expressive forces, who are broadening their powers of observation, and who are beginning to see editorial material in every faet, every person, and every thing with which they come in contact will soon take over the position of Exponent editor, and become the person who guides the editorial policies of the paper. While no one of these present editorials will be printed unless it is justifiable and worthy of space, some may seem irrelevant and unnecessary to the average reader. But not necessarily so. Perhaps you can find certain statements or opinions in these pre-elec-tion editorial columns that seem commendable. In this case, drop a hint or note in our direction. The Exponent is glad to hear from its readers, especially when the subject discussed is not a matter of “circulation.”— G. W. F.
the Purdue Exponent
Xtetered aa aoeond elaaa matter at the poat otiHea in Lafarette, Indiana, under tba aet of Oongrreu of Harah 8, 1879, and at the apeelal rate of poatase iMovlded for in eeetlon 1188, aet of Oetober 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jannary 80, 1988. Fnblielied daily eaeept Monday dnrinr tta resmiar aeademie year and weekly dnrlnB the Bnnnaer Seaslon. Dellrered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, maU anbacrlption $8.50.
Editor-Xn-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanhack R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAPF
Blanatrins Editor-
City Editor-
-L. 8. Baidia JD. A. Bailey
Aaioelate Editoni—O. W. Frederick, K. C. Bonaton, K. & Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. O. Woodson Sophomore Assiatants—R Ahlf, R Beer, R DeHooK, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R Howard, C Leber, R Massey, J. McKee, G. McKeiehan, M Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bnlldins, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent OfFice BUSINESS OFFICE 818 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdne Fieldhoxue, West Lafayette, InA Phone 8798
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pubhsbers Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Bostoh Los angIcles - san Fdancisco
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue UnlversI^. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Uniyerslty viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-^i^.
Night Editor—Howard Issue Editor—^Jarrett Thursday, April 27, 1939
Art Exhibits...
Anti-War Propaganda...
. . . again is drifting around the country in heartening abundance, due to recent eruptions in the other hemisphere. All of which started us thinking just what was the best peace insurance available on the market. Since economists and big business tell us that the United States is prepared to be wholly or partially independent economically in time of war, it remains only for us to lay the mental foundation in the American mind that WAR IS NOT INEVITABLE. As long as the world can produce Gilberts and Sullivans with their remarkable knack for inoffensive ridicule, and Walter Winchells with their ability to keep us from playing fish to greed-mad European dictators, we’ve bought the best insurance on the market. The one-way road to war is ignorance, and ignorance can not thrive where there is broadmindedness. The great American faculty for ridicule of those in power keeps everyone on the same plane and everybody’s mind open on current questions. As long as Americans think, we believe that “it CAN’T happen here.” Free press and free thought are still the minimum essentials of peace. Recent nation wide run of the play “I’d Rather Be Right (than be president)” was the best thought provoking production we’ve seen in a long time. As long as we can still throw mud at the White House we’re safe. As long as the country draws no lines where and who it ridicules, we’re still a free country, and as such have developed that open-mindedness which will stand behind us in any national emergency.—R. E. I.
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS WED., APRIL 26 MAKEUP LESSON 7:00 P. M. FREE OF CHARGE
PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
J\\ the MEW
DW9RS
= SEEDfi^JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
tUMAINST.
PHONR 2777
Penthouse Siren Dies As Killer Strikes Forty Stories Above Park Avenue! Thrills and heart-throbs back of the headlines ... in the year's slickest mystery romance!
5DCIE UWYER
WALTER PIDGEON VIRGINIA BRUCE LEO CARRILLO • EDUARDO CIANNELLI • Lee Bowman^ —2 DAYS ONLY-TODAY-FRIDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklily
We give up . . . Archie’s out of the race . . . don’t you realize that our sorority panning week starts next Tuesday? Get on the ball... send in everything you know about the Theta’s the first razzing, Rentieinber those passes.
What uncensored, awful contribs we’re getting ... if anyone wants passes, there’s got to be something halfway decent sent in . . at least, censor it . . . not that we can’t take it!
Attention boys . . . the Pi Phi house has gone completely “wet”. At least, that’s what the sign on the front door sez!
The youth of today Are the men of tomorrow If your girl’s sweet Just call her Karo.
Call her brown sugar If she’s unrefined, too If she spreads thickly Honey wiU do.
“Wilbur is so neat here at the ball park, but I can’t get him to pick up his slippers around the house!”
... at Purdue are certainly not a mecca for enormous crowds, although as a cultural influence art need not be confined to a select group. Every student with an open eye and receptive mind should enjoy the puttering room exhibit now on display in the Union music room. Over 100 drawings, paintings, and pieces of sculpturing represent the “putterings” of 85 amateur artists. Discounting the “sliderule for a dinner knife” charge sometimes hurled against the Purdue ed is the fact that a majority of the 350 persons who have visited the puttering room are engineers. Often students have bemoaned the fact that Purdue emphasizes the technical phase too much, and does not give appreciation of world affairs and artistic development. While certainly true in part, we cannot fully subscribe to this reasoning. Engineering education is becoming more general in scope every year as more non-technical electives are offered, and such exhibitions as mentioned are open to all comers. We have heard students, including engineers, comment on the exhibit in veins similar to these: “Fm not an art critic, but I do know that I have enjoyed looking over this work.” “If this is amateur art, Fm not even sure that I could recognize professional products.” Personal pleasure and satisfaction, which the creators have found in their work, are alone justification for the project. Coupled with this is the sense of artistic value and enjoyment provided for the observer. Fifty per cent of the exhibit was produced by persons who had never tried art work until the puttering room opened on February 15. The samples are not precious artistic treasures, but many of them have a real and compelling appeal. As part of a “cultural expansion” program, the Student Union has^done good work in giving every student and University associate an opportunity to express himself in creative work. The exhibit will continue until May 1. Other paintings are also on display in the puttering room itself, formerly called the “tower room.” D. G. T.
FLASH; Free sitting space inside airplanes on night of airport dance . . . guaranteed to be guarded against piobing eyes.
They will always take a chance on Make ’em big and make ’em strong The girls will get them for a song. —By BOB
This darn spring weather is putting everyone in too good a humor ... all the girls are taking pins . . . everything’s going swell . . . how in the devil can we get dirt when this is going on. Nuts!
Piffle . . . phooie . . . what could be better than a beautiful day that’s like a song ... if only it didn’t have so many sour notes!
HANK MILLER ... you are a rat ... so IS JOYCE BURNHAM and BILL CARR . . didn’t your mother ever tell you not to gang up on innocent little girls It’s time you learned . . . here’s bread and water for a -vy^eek.
You know what the goils are calling JOHNNY RITCHEY “Bun-ny-Duck” . . . how ducky! .. .what’s the secret behind the name?
Pi Phi’s, Kappa’s and Chi Omega’s Are just a bunch of old tomatoes. Anything with pants on
GOONS GALLOP IN GINGHAM GOWNS Almost forgot . . . don’t miss the Mortar Board co-ed bid . . . co-eds, one dollar, . . . BOYS! ... on the ball!
The Sigs and Phi Gams wish to beg the pardon of Miss CORRINE
LUHA TODAY - FRI. - SAT
—2 SCREEN TRIUMPHS — BROUGHT BACK FOR YOUR ENJOYMENT
The Grandest Of Ail Adventure Stories
EeeFY JACKJE
it’ i.
LIONEL Barranve
: X ^
m/smmDw WE^nmiiu V jf RICHARD BASIL WENDY VgREENE’RATHBONE-BARRIE
(a> Sheflodt HolmmiJ and NIGEL BRUCE -LIONEL ATWILL
(a$ Dr Watton)
JOHN CARRADINE > BARLOWE BORUND • BERYl MERCER • MORTON lOWRY • RALPH FORBES
Today - Fri. - Sat.
REIFERS and her worthy escort whom they so rudely interrupted as they communed with nature at the farm of Dave Ross south of town last evening. The above parties were to have a picnic of their own there and didn’t know the plot would be in use. —Paid Advertisement,
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
with RICHARD CROMWELL
MARSHA HUNT — AND —
— ALSO — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
MaieI
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A Gay Prince of Charm Turned Thief by Night in a Daring Scheme to Win the Girl He Thought He Loved!
IN
ADVENTUffiThursday, April 27, 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Tennis Squad Faces Iowa Tomorrow, Tangles With Northwestern Saturday , With several days of intensive practice behind it, the Boilermaker tennis squad will leave here this afternoon for Iowa City, la., where Coach Larry LaBree’s men will tangle with the Iowa Hawkeyes tomorrow afternoon for their first 1939 Western Conference tennis match.
Fuente, Alexander, Mann, Heb- ' beler, and Blitz will make the trip, with the entire group facing the hosts in singles matphes. Alexander and Mann, Hebbeler and Blitz will
be entered in the doubles. Although the Riveters have not
had a chance to show top strength in their recent matches in the Fieldhouse, LaBree, nevertheless, avers the squad will come through the
matches in very good condition. The squad has been practising
the last three days on the outdoor courts and are in fairly good shape,
according to LaBree.
Following tomorrow’s meet with Iowa, the Boilermaker contingent
will move to Evanston, 111., fwhere it will meet the Northwestern Wild-
cats on Saturday.
4
PERSONNEL NOTES
R. A. Fife, Manager of the Cherokee Lodge, Montague, Mich., is searching for an undergraduate to act as host at his 60-room summer hotel. Personality, good appearance, social presence are required in the applicant. Undergraduates interested sign up in the Personnel
Office, Executive Bldg.
This Is BREAD This is a real bread — mother never made any better. It has a flaky, gorgeous crust and texturous, light, gleaming white body. Try a loaf today — you'll note the difference at the first succulent mouthful.
Graves quality Bakery.
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
ot^mald
&
mnn^
There's an air of youthfulness, of fresh-as-a-daisy smartness in our new collorful formals. Exotic flowers sway and swirl in the yards of skirt. Brilliant sash and smart blouses are also features in this season's dresses.
Whether ypu are looking for a formal that is strictly feminine or smartly tailored, you are sure to be satisfied with a dress from our extensive selection. All of the gowns are new and up to the minute in style and color. Prices range from ' $12.95 —$15.00 —$19.75 and up to $22.50
Huddahi. Eight Riveter Tracksters Journey To QhokiL Des Moines, la.. For Drake Relays
By Bruce Witwer
The no doubt honorable editor of Bold and Black said that “Stubby” Meier’s recent writing of this column backfired . . . whatever that implication might be, we feel that we’ll have to look to our laurels if such journalistic talent as he displayed is running around loose on the campus ... how do you readers like the idea of having guest columnists? ... let us know. —^fc— Today we unveil the mysterious past and history of ,a track man . . . Steve Gutting, senior hurdler par excellence . . . perhaps he can trace his track ability back to his childhood, running from fierce Central American bandits or the like because his first two years on this world were spent in the Panama Canal Zone . . . then finally seeing the true light, his family moved to the Hoosier state and is now entrenched in Shelbyville. —^fc— High school athletics had Steve for a staunch supporter, as he was out for football, basketball, baseball, and track . . . backing up Indiana’s basketball fame his team went to the State Tournament ... he captained the cage squad his senior year, was high scorer and was then awarded a medal as the outstanding player . . . what a man , . . then he captained the track team too, as he started on his hurdling career. —^fc— Coming to Purdue, Steve went out for freshman football and basketball, intending to give track the go by • . . fate deemed otherwise, however, as one day during spring football practice, a sharp snap was
Intramural Schedule
Diamond 1— Ward 2— Ward 3— Ward i—Ward 6—Ward 6— Ward 7— Ward 8— Ward 9— Cary 10—Cary
BASEBALL
Today
10 vs. Ward 32. 2 vs. Ward 6X. 7X vs. Ward 14. 7 vs. Ward 8. 12A vs. Ward lOX. IX vs. Ward 12. 2A vs. Ward 1. 13 vs. Ward 6. Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 3. Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 5.
TENNIS DOUBLES Today 4l00 p. m. Sigma Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Kappa, Sigma. Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Tau or Alpha Kappa Lambda. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta or Kappa Delta Rho. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa or Sigma Pi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Nu or Pi Kappa Alpha.
MASS GOLF Today Phi Kappa Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Delta Chi Kappa Delta Rho Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Tau Delta Tau Delta Theta Xi .Phi Gamma Delta Triangle Kappa Sigma Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Chi
"WHY DO COLLEGE MEN PREFER PALM BEACH SUITS AND SLACKS?
FOR THE TEN BEST Statements of 50\ words or less answering the above question, the Goodall Company will award Visit your local Palm Beach store. See the new suits, slacks and formals. Ask the salesman to show you their unique features. Then address —to the Contest Editor, Goodall Company, Cincinnati, Ohio—a statement not over 50 words long, telling what specific features of the new 1939 Palm Beach suits and slacks appeal to you as a college man. The ten best answers will he rewarded as follows: FIRST AWARD $100 SECOND AWARD $50 THIvRD AWARD $25 FOURTH AWARD $15 SIX AWARDS EACH OF .... $10 DUPLICATE AWARDS IN THE EVENT OF TIES
Only men duly enrolled in a recognized American college or University are eligible. Letters must be postmarked not later than May 31—and must contain your college, class and name of your favorite clothier. Winners will be notified by mail after June 15th, so be sure to state your mailing address as of that date. Seleaions by Contest Editor will bind company and contestants. Entries, contents and ideas therein become property of GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI, OHIO
Alpha Chi Rho Gotta Big Trade Dinner, Loses No-Hit Game
heard, and Steve was carried off the field with a compound fracture of the leg . . . that wrote finis to football and basketball activities . « then he turned to track and has been making a name for himself in Big Ten circles and hopes to bid for National honors this summer. —^fc— Besides varsity sports, he pitched his fraternity team, the Beta’s, to the softball finals last year . . . has served on the Student Senate for the mechanical school... expresses his musical side of life by playing the piano .
Hurdleman Gutting, Shot Putter Weber Entered In Specisdtibs At Annual Classic Eight Boilermaker track men left Lafayette yesterday after a short workout, bound for Des Moines, la., where they will seek honors tomorrow and Saturday in the Drake Relays, one of the important events of the track season. Forest Weber, Dan Fisher, Art Bodeau, Ed Holderaman, Torchy Knapp, Merton Clevett, Ray Marozick, and Steve Gutting, the men who are making the trip, were scheduled to stop in Peoria, 111., last night and finish their trip today.
According to Coach Hermon Phillips, the squad will enter either two or three relays. In the medley event in which the Boilermakers took third last year, their chances seem the brightest, with Fisher running the quarter-mile, Bodeau the half, Knapp in the three-quarter mile, and Holderman finishing with the event by running a mile to complete the two and one-half mile relay.
Enter Relay Events
Holderman, Knapp, and Bodeau will team up with Marozick in the two-mile relay and later will be joined by Clevett to compete in the four-mile relay event. In case the Boilermakers do not enter this last event, • Holderman will be entered in the two mile run specialty. Individual performers for the Riveter cause will be Weber and Gutting. Weber, who put the shot 47 feet 8 inches last Saturday for a new Boilermaker record, will be entered in that event, and also in the discus throw, mainly for the experience which can be gained by competing in these meets. Gutting has his work cut out for him. He is entering the 120 yard high hurdles in which Fred Wolcott of Texas is the favorite. Wolcott holds the world’s record in this event and has covered the distance in 14.3 seconds already this year. Gutting is in good shape and has run, the distance in 14.7 despitejthe fact that he has been unable to get much practice outdoors so far.
By the Roving Reporter “Butch” Broviak is a guy without
a conscience.
• The Theta Xi softball pitcher, with malice towards some, took it out on the Alpha Chi Rhos last p. m. For three innings of labor, during which his teammates banged out nine hits and garnered seven runs, Mr. “Butch” turned the opposition away without a single hit. Adding to his laurels in the field, the inimical pitcher handled five hit balls safely besides slinging a wicked wand at the plate. The lad helped accoimt for two of his mate’s
runs.
At the end of the third inning, the deah Alpha Chi Rhos decided to
quit.
“We gotta trade dinner with the Alpha Chis,” said one disgruntled loser as he walked away from the
field.
BASEBALL STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE W L Pet. Chicago 5 1 .833 Philadelphia 4 2 .666 Cincinnati 3 2 .600 Boston 4 3 .571 St. Louis 3 3 .500 New York 3 4 .428 Brooklsm 2 4 .333 Pittsburgh 1 6 .143 —Yesterday’s Results— Chicago 3, Pittsburgh 1. St. Louis 1, Cincinnati 0. AMERICAN LEAGUE W L Pet. New York 5 1 .833 Detroit 5 ^ .625 Cleveland 3 3 .500 Boston 3 3 .600 Chicago 3 4 .428 St. Louis 2 3 .400 Washington 2 4 .333 Philadelphia 2 4 .333 —^Yesterday’s Resuljts— Chicago 5, Cleveland 1. Detroit, 7; St. Louis, 6.
PRICES ON FORMAL CLOTHES $29.50 Grade Double Breasted Tuxedo's selling now for $22.50. $29.50 Single Breasted Tuxedo's $19.50. $39.50 Full Dress Suits now only $22.50.
DEWENTER'S
416 Main
Prof. Knapp Takes Movies Of Gridders During Action To be shown to University alumni and to football fans throughout the nation, approximately 600 feet of moving picture film depicting the Boilermaker grid squad in action, was taken by Prof. W. A. Knapp yesterday afternoon in the RossAde Stadium.♦ 1
Union Sends Invitations To All Students' Mothers Invitations were sent to every Purdue student’s mother by the Student Union yesterday to attend the Mothei's Day festivities, to be held at the University no Saturday and Sunday. May 13 and 14. A letter from the Union officials, an invitation fiom President Elliott, and a complete program for the two days were included in the letter. Student Union vice-presi-dent, Louise Schickler, supervised the voik. All students are urged to write and supplement the Union’s invitation with ones of their own. Rooming places for the mothers should be arianged ahead of time. Rooming house addresses may be obtained fiom the alumni office in the Union building. Highlights of the week end’s festivities will include the fraternity sing, May day festival, a free mixer for the mothers, and a banquet.
WBAA
"THK VOICE OF PURDUE*'
—Today— 11:00—PTA Program, Dr. Harry J. Laws. 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—-Tippecanoe County Federation of Clubs. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—The Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Edward Foley, pianist. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1.15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Prank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecai’y. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—New York World’s Fair Program. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
More for Your Money! Fellows— Here’s the Biggest Shirt Value in Lafayette!
“SINCERE” Shirts for Men Newest colors and patterns — assorted sleeve lengths — trubenized collar — sizes 14 to 17 — well worth from $1.<55 to $1.85 — only $1.50 THIEME & WAKGERIK COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Boilermakers Lose - (Continued from page 1)
li singled and scored on Crane’s booming triple to light center. Verhoestra singled for his second hit of the game to score Crane. The final Irish tally came on Sullivan’s homeric blast to deep center field in the eighth inning. Dickinson and Am Bredewater were the only Boilermakers besides Thompson to get on base on a hit. Purdue AB R H E Dickinson, cf 4 0 10 Lyboult, 2b 4 0 0 0 Stamm, If 4 0 0 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 3 0 0 0 Smithson, lb 2 0 0 1 Thompson, ss 3 0 10 Yeagei, rf 3 0 0 0 A. Biedewater, c 2 0 10 Fisher, c 0 0 0 0 Bailey, p 10 0 0 Emmert, p .10 0 0 Doherty 10 0 0 Danowski 10 0 0 Totals 29 0/3 1 Notre Dame AB R H E Nardone, cf ..3120 Roy Pinelli, if 4 110 Sullivan, 3b \4 2 1 0 Ray Pinelli, ss .5121 Doyle, lb .4100 Oberbruner, If 5 12 0 Crane, 2b . 3 12 0 Verhoestra, c 4 0 2 0 Hunthausen, p 4 10 0 Totals 36 9 12 1 Score by innings: Purdue 000 000 000—0 Notre Dame 000 060 21'^—9 Greek Horseshoe Singles Scores Due Next Saturday “Scores of the fraternity horseshoe singles tournament must be turned in by Saturday if credit is to be given in the standings,” M. L. Clevett, intramural director, announced yesterday.
Dean Stratton Will Fete WSGA Officers Tonight Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will entertain the incoming and outgoing officers of WSGA tonight at 6:46 at a buffet supper. Installation of officers will follow immediately after the dinner at the WSGA office in the Memorial Union. Members of the executive board will be present at the installation. Officers to be installed are: president, Ann Sickman; vice-president, Ruth Hall; treasurer, Jane Black; secretary, Paula Zwierlein; junior representative, Joyce Burnham, and sophomore representative, Agnes McCulloch.
Forty-Eight Senior - (Continued from page 1)
study children who are physically, mentally, and socially maladjusted, and to emphasize by contrast the normal course of child gi’owth as fostered by intelligent care of children. Inspect Large Firms The institutional management group will tour a logical progression of management stores; Sprague Warner Wholesale Grocer; experimental kitchen and wholesale meat market at Swift and Co.; the Kingholm Swedish restaurant; Duporquet Equipment company; and the South Water Street fruit and vegetable market. The clothing and textiles will tour Marshall Field and Co., Merchandise Mart, Sears Roebuck and Co., and a possible trip through a broadcasting station. The nursery school group will visit the Juvenile Court and Detention Home, Rush Medical College, Spalding School for Handicapped Children, and Hull House.
During their stay at Chicago, the groups will be entertained by various industrial companies and stores. They will stay at the Palmer House.
MtSCBLLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Bottom half of green Parker Vacumatic fountain pen. Reward. Call Bob Deckard, 86703.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—K & E Log-Log decitrig Duplex Slide Rule. Name C. L. Keyes. Call Bud Tower 2926.
Notices
Best Soldier Contestants: Be sure to have your uniforms back from the cleaners for the Best Soldier Contest, 1 p. m., Saturday, April 29. ^ —DOAN. Scabbard and Blade: Annual picnic will be held at 6 p. m. Friday, April 28, at Barton’s Beach, located off Route 26 at Wild Cat Cieek Tiucks will pick up passengers at the Aimory at 5 p Co-ed Riders: Horseback riding lecture Thuisday afternoon, April 27, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. —CASE.
Scabbard and Blade: All members repoit to help at Best Soldier Contest Saturday, April 29, at 1 p m —ZIMMER.
Triton Club: Business meeting at 8 p. m Thursday, April 27, in Women’s Gym. —SPEARS.
WAA Council: Meeting both old and new members Thursday, April 27, at 7:30 p m. in Women’s Gym —THOMAS.
SPECIAL
Low Price on Military Uniforms —
BASIC UNIFORMS
Shirts, khaki
....$ .10
27
.30
Belts
01
Caps
.01
Ties
. .. .05
$ .74
CADET OFFICER'S OR BAND UNIFORM Belt $ .01 Breaches 30 Coats, O, D .27 Cravet . 05 Caps, Officer's dress 15 $ .78’
[Laubddy Tine c l e a’n ers of fine clothes OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
CHOOSE PALM BEACH NOW FROM OUR LARGE SELECTION Double or Single Breasfed Double or Single Sport or Tuxedo $12.50 Plain White Coats $10. Tuxedo Trousers $6.00 A small deposit will hold any garment until wanted 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.
75
Activities Bureau Sophomores and Photographers : Keys can be obtained at the office every day at 4 p. m. until Saturday, April 29. , ' ' —JACOBSON.
WAA Archery; There will be archery practice Thursday and Friday, April 27 and 28, at 4 p. m- ’Those wishing to enter the intramural tournament must have at least two practices. Tournament starts next week. —MOREHOUSE.
Roger Williams Club; Members of the Roger Williams Club are invited to attend the annual spring picnic at Big RocK Saturday, April 29. Meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 1 li. ni. Bfihg 25 cents to cover eats and transportation. —SWANSON.
Purdue Flying Club; Important meeting Thursday, April 27, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. A plan concerning the class A members will be voted upon. —CHBVEDDEN.
YWCA Officers: Installation of officers postponed until Tuesday, May 2. —KLINE.
WAA Baseball; Schedules for Thursday, April 37: 4 p. m.. Wards 2 and 4 vs. Kappas; Alpha Zeta vs Pi Phi. —COOK.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, April 27, at 7:30 p. m. All students are cordially invited, —BURBRINK.
Scriveners: Last guest meeting Sunday, April 80, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members please come. Manuscripts accepted. —JUSTIN. WAA: There is still time to sign up for the Dunes trip on April 29-30, Please do so before Thursday, April 27, on the WAA bulletin board. —WARD.
Tau Kappa Alpha: Pledging will be held in room C of the Union building at 12:30 today, April 27. —BUCKLES.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, April 28, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —AYASUN.
Independent Men: All independent men who wish to enter the ward golf or tennis tournaments sign up on the entry blank on the bulletin board outside the Intramural office immediately. (4-28) —MIDDLETON.
Air Meet: All pilots and student pilots wishing to enter the Spring Air Meet sponsored by the Purdue Flying Club please meet in room F of the Union at 8:30 p. m. Thursday, April 27. —CHBVEDDEN.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Thursday, April 27, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Prof. Charley Murphy, of the history department, will speak. —BAILEY.
Silver Mask: Banquet at (S rso p. m. Thursday, April 27, in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union. —MEIR.
Phw Golt: New section in beginning golf will be offered Thursday afternoon, April 27, from 2 to 4 p. m. Girls wishing to enter this class either for credit or as elective, repoit Thursday, April 27. —HAZELTON.
All Organizations: Any organization wishing to participate in the University Sing should have a representative present at the meeting of song leaders Friday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in Reception Room of the Union. < CREPPS, RICHARDSON.
Silver »iasK: formal initiation at &:16 p. m. Thursday, April 27, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. All men bring Sam Browne belts. —MEIR.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Satui day, April 29. Meet at the Christian Church at 9 p. m. All members please attend. —MANGUS.
“P” Men: Important meeting of all "P” men in room 105 of the Field House Thursday, April 27, at 7 p. m. —JOHNSON,
Exponent Staff: Members of all staffs please sign banquet list in one of the three offices. Sophomore and freshmen editorial staff members please notice new schedules in Union office. (4-28) —HARDIN.
ASME; Indianapolis motor speedway qualification pit passes will not be Issued until the 2nd or 3rd week in May. Watch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) —ERR.
Student Engineering Council: Important meeting in the Union Building at 5 p. m. Thursday, April 27. —SMITH.
_PEW Golf: New section in beginning golf will be offered Thursday afternoon/ April 27, from 2 to 4 p. m. Girls wishing to enter this class either for credit or as an elective should report Thursday. —HAZELTON.
Alpha Lambda Delta: All actives should be present for pledging Thursday, April 27, at 7:30 p. m, in looras 1 and 2 of the Union. —BURNHAM.
At McLeans
There’s a song in the air — a brand new swing hit — and it’s coming from the record booth at McLean’s.
Why don’t you do as others are doing today and hear these latest hit tunes.
■ stop in
• Three Little Fishies Kay Kyser • And the Angels Sing Harry James • Little Skipper Horace Heidt • Tears From My Inkwell Glen Gray • Deep Purple Bing Crosby
• The Chestnut Tree Lawrence Welk • Wishing Orin Tuckei • Beer Barrel Polka Jolly Jack Robel • Beer Chaser’s Polka Bee Gee Tavern Band • Our Love Jimmy Dorsey
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Phone 7917
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Printing
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9V<t Vine West Lefeyette Phone 4965
^ nRINTING li^POIBo* SUtlonsry . „ D ■ Wedding InvIUllon* ■ Ms* Booki, Etc.... M3B CASSEL'S 408 FERRY
• Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Key* for trunk*, door ’ locks, d**k lock*, night letdies end pwfleck#. Auto keys e spedelty. Bicycle*, ac'essorie* end riNMilring. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhene 2f2S