•‘-J-t|^V^'|^|“'
i 1,
>/
ill-Volunteer For War, Survey Shows
z~/or
^»e^f$4Bf««f t0r fS8^
:ponent m £)af/f St»t€^ 1^08
Volume 52* No. 86
West Lafayette. Indiana
Thursday. December 19. 1940
5500 Attend Christmas Program In Music Hall 'Stewart Opens Convp With Description .Of Story Behind 'Nutcracker Suite' Fifty-five hundred students and townspeople sat silently through the annual Christmas convocation in the Music Hall last night as the University Orchestra, Choir and Concert Choir and Modern Dance group presented an impressive program. The program opened with A1 — . — i-.
Dr. Gilbreth Returns From National Meeting Of Women's Congress
Stewart describing the story behind Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker Suite.” After the explanation, the University Orchestra played five of the eight parts of the suite. Dance Of The Flowers The Modem Dance group then presented their interpretation of the “Valse des Fleurs” or dance of the fiowers. The scene opened with the stage dimly lighted blue and the girls motionless on the floor. The light changed to red, then green and finally white. The girls arose and performed a dance which told the story of the life of a flower. At the conclusion of the dance the curtain closed and Stewart came before the curtain to lead the audience in the group singing of four Christmas carols. Impressive Choralogue At the end of the caroling, the curtains ©pened upon the setting for the last and most impressive portion of the program, the “Christmas Choralogue.” On the right side of the stage was the manger, while on the left the shepherds were kneeling in their usual Christmas
pose.
In the middle of the stage behind a row of candles with an altar in the center, sat the Concert and University jDhoirs., Tells Story Of Christ The Choralogue told the story of the birth of Christ, the discovery of the star by the shepherds and the ourney of the wise men to visit the Christ Child. At the conclusion of the narrative, the lights on the stage dimmed as the choir sang “Peace on Earth” and a large star appeared on the curtain above the stage, e.g.k. Juniors To Supervise Final Gun Squad Tests Final competition for distinguished gun squad ratings on 75 millimeter guns will be held in the Armory tonight at 7 o’clock. Sixteen squads are to compete in the finals. Each squad will consist of two juniors and eight sophomores. The juniors will assume the roles of executives and assistant executives, while the sophomores will be chiefs of sections, gunners, cannoneers and truck drivers. These squads have been trained by the junior executives twice weekly for more thqn two months. The work is voluntary on the part of all students. Medal, Citation, Merit Awards Awards of medals, citations and merits will be made after the final judgment and rating of the various .squads has been decided. This is the first time competition of this\Sort has been held here for the French 76. In preceding years, however, much interest has been evinced by similar competition on the 155mm howitzer, b.h. Dean Potter . . . dean of engineering, is chairman of the advisory committee of*^ the engineering profession on Who’s Who in America, which is now collecting information from University instructors and professors for its fifth edition to be published soon. The organization includes all of the various engineering societieft.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of industrial management, recently returned from New York City where she represented the~University at the national Women’s Congress. Committees on politics, religion and education for women were represented at this congress. The education committee, which Dr. Gilbreth represented, was sponsored by the commission 'for the education of women of which she is a member. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton is also a member of the commission. Education of women to a more democratic way of living and restoration of dignity to work through social appreciation were two of the subjects discussed by the education committee. Dr. Gilbreth believes that the United States would be a strohger democracy if women were encouraged to do work that will be beneficial to others as well as creative for themselves, f.i.j. Rankin Will Receive Kate Smith Award Dave Rankin, almost unanimous choice for All-American honors, will be officially presented this afternoon with the wrist watch he was awarded as a member of Kate Smith’s All-American team. The award will be given in a special broadcast over station WPBM, Indianapolis, at 4:30 o’clock this afternoon. Rankin will be interviewed on the program by Dick Pittenger of the WBAA staff, p.g.h.
PIA Plans Unique Decoration Theme For Formal Dance Tickets Still Obtainable At PIA Office In Union Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual Christmas dance tomorrow night in both Union ballrooms with “The Night Before Christmas” as the decoration theme. The door between the two ballrooms will be converted into a huge fireplace large enough for the dancers to pass through. Large Christmas Stockings Suspended from the top will be six Christmas stockings about six feet in height, each bearing the name of one of the chaperones of the evening and filled with candy and favors. A hole in the toe of each stocking will give access to the contents. A large lighted holly wreath with the PIA insignia in its center and mounted on a plain draped background will form the backdrop. Lighted Christmas trees, Santa Claus figures and other items appropriate to the season will comprise the remainder of the decorations. Spectacular Decorations Damon Elder, PIA social chairman in charge of this dance, promises that these decorations will be the most unique as well as the most spectacular that have ever been used in the Union ballrooms. The dance will last from 9 to 12 o’clock and will be semi-formal with corsages optional. Music will be provided by Vincent Burns and his “Music for Everyone” band with Bette Glenn as featured vocalist. Tickets may be obtained in the PIA office between 4 and 5 o’clock. The price is one dollar per couple, but PIA members with their dates will be admitted free upon presentation of membership cards, j.g.p. f Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following: William E. Taylor, Hyattville, Wyo.; Robert K. Windlan, Anderson; and John L. Stark, Port Wayne.
— From All Fronts — Today's Summary Of War News
To the CfiieaKo Dailr News Fonigii Serriee. CopjrriiEht, 1940. Chicago Dailr News, Ina. • Peace Rumor In Washington _ “ ‘A negotiated peace soon’ is the slogan that has swept Washington in the last few days with a vigor that leads many to the conclusion that there is less spontaneity than intention behind it,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer. “Many here say that everything is ready for Hitler’s new peace offer.”
o German Drive Against Spain? A German march through Spain is seen in some quarters in London as the next Nazi step toward harassing Great Britain. “It would create a diversion most welcome to Italy,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick. It would eliminate the possibility of Britain getting a foothold on the continent and it would threaten Mediterranean communication.
• Italians Continue Retreat A smashing offensive by British land, sea and air forces was in progress yesterday from Bardia to the southern Ethiopian frontier, say dispatches from Cairo. R. A. F. scouts reported the Italians in the Bardia area retreating westward in the direction of Derna.
Prof. Hass
. .. head of the chemistry department and his family were hosts to 24 University faculty members and their wives at a formal dinner party Monday evening. The dinner was served in the east faculty lounge of the Union.
Penalty Dates From noon tomorrow to noon on Saturday and Monday, January 6, have been designated by the Dean of Men as penalty dates. These dates represent the 24-hour periods before and after Christmas recess. A student who is absent from one or more classes during either of these two dates will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24-hour period or fraction thereof missed.
• Greeks Capture Klisura Greek artillery has set on fire the Italian stronghold of Klisura, Albania, an Athens communique says, while a.Yugoslav dispatch reports the town has, in fact, been captured. Hellenic troops battled in snowdrifts to rout the defenders from (Continued on page 3) Sophomores May Get <PGame Tickets Today Reserved seat tickets for the Michigan basketball game to be played Saturday, January 11, are available to sophomores in exchange for passport coupons today. Freshmen can get their reserved tickets tomorrow. A limited number of reserved seats for the basketball games with DePaul and Loyola in Chicago on Friday and Saturday nights, respectively, are on sale in the ticket office of the men’s gym. Tickets for the DePaul game are priced at $1.65 and $1.10 including tax and for the Loyola game at $1.10 including tax. The DePaul game Friday night will be played at the Coliseum, 1613 S. Wabash at 9 o’clock. On Saturday, the Loyola game will be played in the Loyola gymnasium at 8 o’clock, v.m.b.
College Students Approve New Deal Agencies That Affect Tfiem; WPA, AAA Most Unpopular
By Student Opinion Surveys Early in November the voters of the nation returned President Roosevelt to the White House fof a third term. The New Deal, now in power for another four years, will probably grow more and more to be a permanent component of American economy. Which of its features should be continued; which should be discarded? College students have an interest in the kind of nation they will live in when they enter active citizenship. Student Opinion Surveys of America has polled a representative sample of the entire U. S. enrollment In order to arrive at an accurate measurement of college sentiment on this issue; Most col-
legians everywhere told interviewers that what they like about the New Deal is this: 1. The opportunities it has created for youth under CCC and NYA. 2. The security it has brought to the unfortunate aged. The WPA and the AAA, the poll shows, are scored by the greatest number of students as the most unsuccessful of all the alphabetical agencies. Failure of the administration to solve unemployment is the greatest shortcoming of the New Deal, one out of seven (15 per cent) believe. Last April, when Student ^Opinion Surveys first gauged sentiment
on the New Deal, college students sanctioned Uncle Sam’s assumption of social guardianship. But comparison of those figures with the survey published today shows increased concentration of approval on the CCC, NYA and social security. % Following are the percentages: As the most successful agencies that should be continued— Today Apr. CCC was mentioned by . . 25% 20% NYA was mentioned by .38% 16% Social Security was mentioned by 32% 8% Other agencies were mentioned by..80% 66% As the most unsuccessful agrencies that should not be continued— WPA was mentioned by......... .37% AAA was mentioned by 11% Other agencies were mentioned by..64% None were mentioned by ....... 8%
Invasion Of Spain, Britain By Germans Rumored Imminent British Receive FDR's Loan Plans With Relief By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Dec. 18.—^With hints of an imminent German invasion of Great Britain and reports of German troop movements in France and Italy, the news from Washington last night seemed most opportune. What is described as a “downright and forthright approach by President Roosevelt” to the problem of providing the British armed forces with essential material has been received with huge sighs of relief and gratitude. (Editor’s Note: The President has outlined a plan for the United States government to finance the production of material at home and loan it to Great Britain on a sort of mortgage, the goods to be returned, or, if lost or damaged, to be re-
placed.)
Exactly how the legal and technical aspects of this problem will be worked out is not yet discussed here nor is it possible to discover whether the President’s solution is the one that the British had in mind when Sir Frederick Phillips reached Washington. German Intentions Various arguments are advanced here, pro and con, on whether Germany will occupy Italy or send assistance to Italy for Albania and Libya. On the •jfhole, arguments against German assistance in those forms seem the weightiest. Strategically, it is argued, Germany will probably attempt to create a diversion to draw off the British from their onslaughts on the Italians. This diversion is most likely to take the form of an invasion of (Continued on page 3) IS Modern Dancers Present First Public Exhibition At Cohvo Sixteen new members of the Modern Dance group gave their first public performance, part of their initiation into the organization, at last night’s Christmas convocation. The 16 will be formally initiated the first week after the
holidays.
The neophjrtes are: Mary Antenen, Jean Barrett, Roberta Buechle, Barbara Clifton, Kathryn Gillespie, Marguerite Hans, Natalie Lowery, Myra McKee, Alice Myers, Virginia Newcomb, Jane Ramsdell, Elsa Schmeltekopf, Eleanor Serbin, Doris Storble, Mary Scull and Jean
Thuerk.
Pour co-eds from last year’s group earned membership in the organization by being active two consecutive school years. Last night was the second public performance for them. The four are: Bonnie Swope, president of the club, Nelda Wood, Ester Weed and Olive Metsger. v.m.b. Phi Kappa Sigma ... announces the election of the following chapter offlicers: A. E. Evers, Sturgis, Mich., president; C. E. Geise, Elmhurst, 111., vice president; J. F. Boland, Chicago, III., freshman father; J. A. Zuck, Howe, social chairman; M. D. Baughman, Warren, Ohio, treasurer; B. R. Boedeker, Port Wayne, recording secretary; W. K. Mclnemey, Grand Rapids, Mich., corresponding secretary; W. E. All^n, Cleveland, Ohio, steward; C. B. Wolfe, Fremont. Ohio, and It. R. MoEaehern, WeUsvIUe, N. Y., sergeants-at-arms.
Exponent Survey Results Agree With National Statics If the United States were to go to war against Germany, Italy or Japan, what would be the attitude of Purdue students toward leaving school to volunteer and how does this campus feeling compare with that at other university in various sections of the nation? A survey by the Exponent oi University opinion on this subject indicates that only approximately one jierson in five would volunteer. 81.8 Per Cent Will Wait The Exponent survey was conducted among a cross-section of University students, representing all groups. A majority of 81.8 per cent of the students feel at the present time that they would not lewni school to join the army rmtil drafted. Approximately 30 per cent-are now of conscription age. In a national survey completed recently by Student Opinion Surveys of America, a weekly iioll of college thought sponsored by more than 160 campus newspapers of which the Exponent is one, 76.5 per cent of all men students said they would not volunteer. In the East Central states, which include Indiana, 21 per cent of the college students said they would volunteer. This compares closely with the Purdue results, which showed 18.2 per cent who would volunteer. New Englanders Would Volunteer The Middle Atlantic and Middle West states, traditionally isolationist, followed true to form, having the highest number who would wait until drafted. Only New England showed a strong sentiment of students to volunteer, 46 per cent saying that they would. An interesting incidental to the Exponent poll is the apparently deep feeling that students on both sides of the question have. Many extended their answer to “Hell no,** or wrote in wholesale condemnation of everything from the administration to conscription. j.l.t. Wickard Will Speak At Annual Agricultural Meeting January 15 Nearly 9,000 farm men and women are expected to attend the annual Agricultural conference on the University campus January 13 to 17. Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard, a University graduate and former staff member, will address a general session of the conference January 15. A printed, 36-page, pocket-size program of the farm and home „week activities including conp[>lete schedules of educational sessions, lists of the various exhibits and schedule of meetings of agricultaiv al associations during the conference may be obtained by writing Professor W. P. Q^^aham, conference superintendent, or from any Indiana coimty agricultural agent. Eleven Sessions Simultaneously As in past years the mornings will be given to instruction in the different fields of agriculture- Eleven different education sessions will run simultaneously. Afternoons will be devoted to programs of general interest and evenings to mitertainment. The annual com and small grain 'show again will be held in connection with the conference and approximately 15 state agrieuRural and home economics associations will have their annual conventions during the we^ jJLt Representative .. from Monsanto Ohemichl and Carbide and Carbon Companies visited the University yesterday to interview men holding IMehelor^s, Master’s or Doctor’s degrees In chemistry. CaRngaert, zepresentaUvo of the Ethyl Gasottoe Corporation, la expected to arrive on the to-
day.:ij|:
11iutsday« i>e60ttibdr 1$, 1940 ^
fijuhdujL fxhotuufdL
:'frr':
»«1'’,, ■ ■
TAe
^*k Colamii
We’re getting mighty tired of looking at the papers every day. Just to see the Italians are making another retreat. And if we’re getting tired of the same old story Benito couldn’t be going into any spasms of joy. One thing you can say for his troops though. They’re consistent,
However, if he ever decides to hold another attempt at empire over the same territory his boys are gaining valuable experience. After all they should be very familiar with the terrain. They’ve been over it twice.
On top of all his other troubles, II Duce is again being haunted by the little man with the beard down in Ethiopia, too. Seems he’s started a revolt. And with Benito’s present luck the balcony lad had better look to his laurels. Or the sons of Caesar will be saying. Haile Selassie.
In the headlines we discovered the: I GERMANS ASSERT THAT BRITISH MAY NEVER REPAY U. S. Which ust goes to show how uninformed the average German is. We’ve known that for a long time. The only difference being that as far as we’re concerned there isn’t any “may” in the whole business. We know darn well they won’t.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u eceond elnu matter at tiie poet office in
of Gbn -----
fayette, Indiana, nnder the act of CbnKreec of March 8, 1879, and at the cpecial rate of poctage provided for In section 1108. act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 8Q. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered loci^ by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail anb-
Bcription $8.60.
Editor-in-Chli^ —— —-—B. W. Donahue Business Manager ——:—-- Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff
News Editor J. H; McKm Managing Editor ~ .D; l^ple
Associate Editoie: W. B. Heaton, N. A. Qehlltree, J. A. Pnip^, L> W. Bnffner, B. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trangott.
Business Staff
' Locid Advertising Managers: D. S^ Powers, G. C, Landeta; Promotion Manager, C. , K. Danglemajer i Accounts Manager, B. J. Sha^ord; Cireulatibn Miuiager, B. M.
Reclctenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor ; - ■ Beth Simpson
Associate Editom : Mary Kaiy Miller, Buth Bose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff
Editor - — — J. B* Dolan
Associate Editom: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O.
Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Businass 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, In'e., Oolite Fublishem Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y.
Staff For This issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor: Jones Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: E. G. Kieper, O. I. Allanson, D. T. Brophy, V. M. Barson, A. L. Slone, P. G. Hoffman, E. W. Boawinkle, J. 6. Petty, D. W. Ochiltree, O. T.. Clark, J. D. Fraser, P. B. Lewis, D. E. Butz.
As for the loaning of armaments to Britain. We might as well. At least we might get some of them
back^ If in a somewhat second-hand condition. Now the only problem remaining ... Is who we’re going to borrow the armaments from.-— dkh
Firemen Complete
Three-Day Course
Twenty-three firemen from 15 towns and three industrial plants completed a three-day course in fire fighting at the University yesterday afternoon. The course qualifies the men to act as instructors in the fundamentals of fire fighting in their own communities. The course was sponsored by the University, the Indiana inspection bureau and the Indiana fire marshall’s department. The University held a similar course last January. Ten of the men taking the course at that time have since conducted courses in their own communities, providing training for 1,900 men. Prof. W. A. Knapp of the University, Chief Emmett Cox of the Indiana inspection bureau and Arnold Meister, assistant chief of the Anderson fire department, acted as instructors at the school. e.g.k.
Names In The News On South Campus
By Dale E. Butz
Dr. E. C. Young of the farm management department will address the annual meeting of the American Farm Economic Association and closely affiliated associations to be held December 27-29 in New Orleans, La. C. M. Hardin is chairman of a committee for arranging a meeting of graduate students in agricultural economics. Dr. E. L. Butz is a member of the committee on index numbers. Other members of the farm management staff attending the meeting include: Drs. T. K. Cowden, M. G. Smith, P. A. Henderson, E. H. Matzen, Prof. J. C. Bottum, Prof; R. H. Bauman, S. 0. Kessler and H. J. Houk.
E. Marshall, G. E. Lehker and G. A. Ficht of the entomology department; E. C. Stair, J. P. Diebel, R. C. Simpson, T. M. Eastwood, R. B. Withrow, M. McGowan and J. D. Hartman of the horticultural department; R.'G. Baines and R. Lincoln of the botany department.
Gilman Stuart, Ag ’39, has been appointed beef cattle herdsman on the University farm. Stuart replaces Donald Calvert who has been herdsman for the past several years.
Professors E. R. Martel, D. DenUyl and A Herrick of the forestry department are attending the national convention of the Society of American Foresters being held this week in Washington, D. C.
Art Club Meeting Tonight To Discuss Graphic Arts
Union Art club will meet toniglit at 7:30 o’clock in room 84 of the Union. Bob Parks will conduct a discussion on “Graphic Arts” and a movie on etching will be shown. All members and others who are interested are invited, d.w.o.
Many members of the agricultural staff will attend the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and associated societies to be held December 30-January 1 at Philadelphia. Those attending are: J. J. Davis, G.
The Poultry club Christmas party was held last evening. Features of the meeting were a turkey dinner, presentation of medals to the poultry jud^ng team, short talks by Deans Fisher, Reed and Freeman and E. J. Morthland, a member of the team, and a 10 cent gift exchange. Other members of the team are: P. C. Smyth, G. L. Searcy, M. E. Jackson and C. Breeden.
McClintock To Give Paper At Hort Society Meeting
At the annual meeting of the Illinois State Horticultural Society, Belleville, 111., today, Professor J. A. McClintock, of the University horticulture staff, will present a paper on the subject, “Has the Virginia Crab Root Stock a Place in Illinois Orcharding?” s.h.l.
17''I,
Satib'
3.93
The quickest (that is, next to the Bill Lancet-Ann Morton pinning) and positively the shortest pinnjrtg this schbol has ever seen happened over last week-end. At 11 o’clock on Saturday night, Betty Sexton took Milt Morehead’s pin and nt 12 on the same night the pin was back on Milt’s shirt. Boy, he’s not only a fast worker, but he changes his mind in a hurry, too. Give three cheers, people, Torchy Ken worthy, that fiaming redhead of the Kappa Sigs, has finally arisen from his dilemma. Yes sir, he’s actually found himself a girl. The lucky girls’ name is Jody Paulas, and she used to be a Kappa here last year. By the way, we had another pinning over the week-end. The participants in this affair are Theta Martha Raub and Phi Psi Larry Brodd. It seems as though the ATOs. aren’t welcome in the XO house any more, at least not around Christmas time. These two organizations have wreath stealing contests about this time of the year and it’s not at all safe for a member of one to venture too near the other’s housd. Bob Livinghouse found that out the other night when he peacefully walked into the XO house and was immediately mobbed by all the pledges. Luckily, an active intervened and Bob was allowed to escape, but he was chased all the way home. Those gals must play pretty rough. The Kappas and the Thetas both had a tea last Sunday and they both had mistletoe all over the house. Prof. Owen, one of Purdue’s newest and youngest profs went to both of the teas and made a point of standing under the mistletoe at both houses, and while the Thetas wouldn’t cooperate, the Kappas were both happy and hasty in doing so. Jean Montgomery, Margy Hans and Betty Hancock all planted a resounding smacker on him and was his face red and we don’t mean from blushing either. Wonder what the little woman thought, or is he married? Speaking of being married, I-
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITSI
WHO'S FOOLING WHO? as wife plays party girl tg^test,;hubby''s love.
wHh FAY WRAY CHARLES LANG PAULGUIIFOYLE
GRIN
“You’ll like these—I wear ’em myself.”
wonder if that accounts for the fact that 70 per cent Of. the 2,600,000 cripples in these Ui^ted States are men. Betcha that has something to do with it, anyhow.
University of Oregon medical school experiments indicate man may stay young a long time by control of a fat-like substance, cholesterol, in his diet.
Fourteen-year-old Pamela Harvard Williams, war refugee from Wales, who is a guest of Prof. W. Chase of Harvard, is a descendant of John Harvard, founder of the university.'
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE
BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
SLIGHTLY USED
RECORDS
LATEST POPULAR TUNES
HWMEiWE&lllfiyCTDK
MENTION THIS ADD AND GET .
3 for 25c
A\
YOURE
SAY THE
IS AMERICA tUltOlMe
tHOOSANDS OE
S?
CAN THE DICTATORS BOSS UNCLE SAM? WILL THE U. S. BE BLITZKRIEGED? SEE PARAMOUNT'S ^
PARAMOUNT'S eye-wit-ness story of the rise of the dictators and the battle of the free people of Europe against them. Ten Years of World History in 62 Minutes of Nerer-to-be-for-
gotten Drama!^^^^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ PLUS—2ND FEATURE..
Flamin’ Fury . . . Fumin’ for a Fight . V . or Romance!'
20c to 6:00 — AFTER 6:00 — lOc -..-20c —25c
3 BIG DAYS STARTING
. i.rV
n
Niii
MA
fijuAduiL £xjsaonmt
19, 1940
* ^2cl£l££d ? m. ... .^' " ...
K>-
n:
4
War Oec/arecf On Gi$rinany! Someday; very soon perhaps, or then again niaybe never, those words will blazen themselves across the headlines for the second titne in a single generation. Oh that day, as on a previous one, the American people will rise up in rightesous wrath and sally forth to save the world for something or other ; bUt this time more than likely for We pause to laugh—at ourselves—the American people. Not that we object to saving the world, for ourselves, or even that Will-o-the-wisp, democracy. The dani thing evidently needs saving for, something, even if we don’t know exactly for what, nor even if it is not already beyond the salvage point. What we do object to is the termination Of a somewhat enjoyable existence on foreign soil. The world in any state ceases'to interest us at that point. Which, brings us back to our laughter. We are a nation at peace. Yes, at peace. With 50 American destroyers, patrolling British waters, with American built planes patrolling British skies and ambulances in the fields below ; and with Americanmade bombs and shells striking fear into the hearts of the residents of Berlin. We are at peace with the world. A neutral:, American clothing and American food travels the broad Atlantic to England daily. In American bottoms transferred to other registry. The American people are fighting the battle along side the British with their materials, their sentiments and, yes, even their manpower. Daily American pilots join the RAF and others the ambulance corps or even the infantry. We are at war. Mark however, we don’t object. The British cause is our cause, and in this world today no man is neutral. But we’re selfish, we doiiT want to give—our life. We like this setup. Let’s stand on the side-lines and send in the subs, let’s trip the other.side whenever we can, but let the English carry the guns, our guns if necessary. And when the second Lusitania goes down with its full quota of American citizens aboard, let’s chalk it up to the losses of a nation at war and not holler about the rights of neutrals. We have none. : _ Let’s feed the British, and clothe them, and arm them, and encourage them. Then when the rifle falls from the hands of the last British soldier, let’s shoulder it ourselves, but not until then. When retaliation comes, as it will, let’s accept it, and go on. There is no case for screaming against unprovoked attack, nor any cause to go and die for the preservation of the rights of neutrals. We are at war,—dkh
(Gdiitihaed from page 1) Ittyaskm 0 Spain
Spain and Portugal, giving Gfermany means df controlling the western Mediterrahean and ■'extending the base of attacks against British shipping, - Whether Germany intends instead to attempt another invasion of Britain is also admitted to be a possibility depending entirely on the weather. So far as it is possible to “ see, there is no special reason fot warnings of imminent invasion is-s sued by Minister of Aircraft Production Lord Beaverbrook, from here, and Lord Willingdbn, now in Buenos Aires, head of the British trade mission to Argentina and Uruguay. For this and other more cogent reasons, many see a march through Spain as the next possible step. It would create a diversion most welcome to Italy; it would eliminate the-pbssibility of Britain’s getting a foothold on the European continent at some future date by way of the . Iberian Peninsula and it would harass British Mediterranean commimications. The most conservative reading of the situation, on the scanty information available in London, appears to eliminate the possibility ■ that the Germans seek French periniSSipn for troops to proceed to Spain. Such troops can reach, and have reached, the Spanish frontier through the German-controlled strip of French coastline. It is conceivable, experts think, that German occupation of Italy would require facilities in unoccupied France, since most of . the mountain passes to Italy from Germany are snowbound and there is a limit tb the capacity of the railways. London has no confirmation of Yugoslav reports of German troops in Bari and Naples and although it is admitted as highly possibie that such troops are there, the report of 50,000 is regarded as exaggerated.
Pdrsoiiii#! Ndt^s company: Ingersoll-Rand cohipany, New Yotk, New York, Cdinpany’s Products: Air Compressors, mining machinery. Representative: J. H. Dillon. Date of Visit: Monday, January 6, 1941. Wiij Interview:. Senior ME, EE. Type of Positions: Training course. SpedUil Qualifications and Information; Those interestedmust sign up before the Christmas Vacation. Company: United States Gypsum company. Company’s Products: Suilding materials. Representative: R. H. Aim. Date of Visit; Tuesday, January 7, 1941. Will Interview: Senior CE, ChE, ME-—January graduates. Types of Positions: Sales and productibn. Special Qualifications and Information: Those interested must sign up before the Christmas vacation.
(Continned from imge 1) Today's War Nws high points surrounding the city.
• Roosevelt Outlines New Plan President Roosevelt has outlined one of several plans, writes Paul R. Leach from Washington, “for the United States goveiument. to finance the production of material here and loan it to Great Britain on a sort of mortgage, the goods to beixeturned, or, if lost or damaged, to be replaced.”
Noticei
Catiilrai Club: TltcM witi be A iMtflar Tbvntday, Detember Id, Meet at ieal Engjneerfaic btiildfnff at 7:30 p. m. Flease sisn op in Dr. Ldvetr* offien befenir: - Wedneeday noon. ,. ■ —BERissinsirr. ; ; mrtfautnMwd Gail 8<|Md CempttiOMit Sixteen aqnads consisting (rf jnntont nndv sepbonMHres win compete for nwarls of medals and citations with 79. mm. gmio ■ nrandsy. December IS. at 7 p. m. on the dim Itoor of tbe Armory. —WHITE. ’
surer Mask: Meeting Thmsday.. December IS, at 7:15 p. m. in room 303 of^ tbe Union. AD members please be present. —mCHEE.
• Says Japs, U.S, Not* Near War _‘T came away from a fortnight’s visit to Japan with the rather definite conviction that Japan and the United States are not as close to war as is generally believed,” radios A. T, Steele from Shanghai. “Japan’s strength and weaknesses, fears and ambitions stand out in bolder relief than ever before.”
Kegistrntion Workem: Students wbo wish to work for tbe Registrar daring tbe second semester registration, Jsnoary 2t and 29, are reanested to make application before Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar's, office. Those who bars bad previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference, srroKB
WAA: Class volley ball practice Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, cember 16, 17, 18 and 19. Freshman and juniors practice at 4 p. m., sophomora and : seniors at 4:30 p. m. —KIRKHOFF.
POMM Members: Keys are here but must be paid for before they. can be distributed.' See Bob Massey at the Triangle house. —MASSEY.
rOB BEMT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407, :
FOB 8AIJI Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU maka of - portable typewriters, $29.76 te $69.60. Office supplia. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F, Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale: Out of print books — Back number magazines.— Prints for art and' econoniia classes. Tel. 7411. The Old Book Shop, 414 Ferry St., (Opposite Fowler Hotel.)
• British Hail Roosevelt Plan “What is described as a ^down•right and forthright approach by President Roosevelt’ to the problem of providing the- British armed forces with essential material has been received with huge sighs of relief and gratitude,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London.
Pnrdne Students of Pittsburgh and Vicinity: . We are definitely having a formal dance in Chatterbox of William Pehii hotel, ' December 26. $2.20 minimum. —DELBIAR.
All Yell Leaders: Please have aniforms and new megaphones to me by Thursday noon, December 19. —DELMAR.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting in reading room of EE Buildinjg at 4 p. m. Thursday. December 19. - —HOLCOMB.
Military Ball Committee: Get reports in my mail box in Armory before noon Sat-. urday, December 21. —AULL.
Room, for second semester. Board optional. Automatic hot water. Ph. 75563. 915 N. Main St.
Wanted: Passengers to New York City. ,1940„„ Plymouth sedan. Leaving Saturday noon. Phone 8430. ' ■ ' " '
Wanted: Part time and full time detail-. era, draftsmen, tool designers. Write Box 423, West Lafayette, giving experience and time available for interview.
Lost: Ladies yellow gold Gruen watch Sunday on Vine or Fowler. Call 2925. Reward.
• London Has Quiet Niglil Londbn passed the quietest night in weeks, following a bombless day. The R. A. F. was flying over the continent, however, announcement being made of the bombing for the: second successive night of Mannheim and attadks on enemy channel ports. Thes • Germans admitted “slight damage” in two places.
' Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, December 19 at 7:30 p. m. in West Lafayette Bible church for Christaiaa program. Special music from Fort Wayne. Everyone welcome. —LONG,
Christian Science Organization: Retpiar ^meeting Thnrsdayi - December 19 at - 7:30 -p,m. in room 302 of Union. —BURROUGHS.
Wesley Foundation: Freshman members will conduct the Christmas party for the people of S. Second street Thursday afternoon. Leave foundation at 4:30 p. m. —MePADDEN.
For Sale: Photo-folders, photo-frames, pictures and Christmas cards. Latta's ArtShop, 214 N. 6th. Phone 2029.
OPEN A CHARGE WATGHES—DIAMONDS SILVER and JEWELRY PAY AFTER YOUR CHRISTMAS vacation: (Greetings to All—
JEWELERS
the Piirdue Expionent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th a Hain St. Phone S70I
Dr. A.M. IRION DENTIST 119V^ Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardwarei
• Dairy ProdiiOts
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. ” Phone 2777
MEv MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse,—-Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Looksinifli ^
KEYS and LOCKS k«yi for trunks, door tSeks, dosk locks, night latchos and paolocks. . Auto keys a specialty. Bic)maa, aecestoriaa and rapalring. : MULHAUPrS 209-1 I N. 5th St. PhMM 2S2S
• jewelers
R.C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist ^ : 504 Main St.
• Shoe Repair^^ ^
Hays jewelry Co, Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Photographers
e Electrical Supplies
Cameras and Supplies Picture. Framing HINEA PHOTOORAPHER 634 Mailt-St. Phone 777$
Breliford't Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps ' , Hot Point All Modals Fluorescant Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Bu$ Inforniafioii
CHICA<50 r:t. I5ARY R. T. MICHIGAN CITY ... 1.70 R. T. INDlANAPOCIS ....„ 2.10 R.T. YANKCi TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th PhOfW 4475
• Laval Back In Paris “Pierre Laval, deposed vice-pre-mier aiid foreign minister in Marshal Petain’s government, was back in Paris today, busily preparing to ‘reopen his lawyer’s cabinet,’ ” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. “Abetz himself carried a personal message from Petain to Der Fuehrer.”
Purdue Religions Council: Meeting' of peace committee in. room 36 of die Union at 4 p. m. Friday, December 20. —MOFFETT.
Alpha Phi Omega: Fledge test and ini*. tiation Thursday. December 19, at 8:30 p. m. in room 236 of Union. Actives are urged to attend. Please be on time. ‘—SCHNELL.
Prom Committee: Important meeting on Thursday. December 19, in room 212 of Union. Please be there. —WOLFF.
Ceres: Meeting in room 306 of Union at 9:30 p. m. Thursday, December 19. —JOHNSON.
DANCE RECITAL - By Pupils of The Alien School of Dancing Friday, Dec. 20, 8:00 p. m. SOCIAk DANCING FOLLOWS PUBLIC INVITED. ADM. FREE CHILDRENS CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JAN. 4th CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meet at 126 S. Channcey at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, December 19. The group will leave in cars ^ to go caroling. Refreshments later. —REYNOLDS.
Camera Club: Short business meeting on Thursday, Detember 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of Union. Elveryone is urged to be present. Next semester plans will he discussed. —GEPHART.
■ AlChE: Flo'w sheets are in Dr. Shreve’s office for Wasson, Mertz, Schnaible, Antal, Huisken, Spraker and Bradbury. ' —KRAYBILL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Regular meeting on Friday, December 20, at 4:30 p. m. -in room 304 of Union; —CORTISSOZ.
All Hockey Players : Meeting of all interested in the formation of a Purdue hockey club in room 303 of Union at 4 p. m. on Thursday, December 19. —HEPB'URN.;.
HERE'S WHERE YOU'LL FIND . . .
Any one of tliis lovely asiortnient will please her. Ohlohg types, envelope bags, pouches in all colorsSHEER HO^E MAKE LOVELY GIFTS
■ f''/
Peufst ^-SftohiA
Thursdays December 19, 1940
fijuhdm. ^xpotuuiL
Riveters Hold Long Drill; Prime For DePauL Loyola Lambert Stresses Defensive Tactics
Another gray hair was added to Piggy Lambert’s head yesterday morning as he glanced at the sport pages. He noticed that DePaul university, Riveter opponent tomorrow night, had defeated UCLA on the previous night by a 30 to 23 count. Perhaps that was one of the reasons for the gruelling practice that the 18 perspiring basketeers were subjected to yesterday afternoon.
Ai
lllusiois
Go Easy Today In all probability the team members will run through a light workout this afternoon in view of the three-hour session they experienced last night. No phase of the cage game was neglected as Piggy schooled the boys in passing, shooting, general ball handling, pressure defense, fast break defense and methods of recovering a lost ball. The lads were impiessed with the significance of the fast break defense they will be called upon to employ in their two-day invasion of the Windy City. Whether it be a man-to-man oi a zone defense, Lambert insisted that, “You can’t play fast bieak defense without talking.” Piggy instructs his boys to call out who they are guarding when the opposition takes contiol of the spheroid. Aside from the apparent advantages of this system, it is good psychology to annoy the enemy by talking to them while play is going on. Riley’s Dad 111 It was announced late yesteiday afternoon that the father of Bob “Horse” Riley, dependable ballhawking sophomore guard, had been stricken with a heart attack Tuesday evening while listening to the radio broadcast of the Wabash battle. As yet, it is not known to what extent the senior Riley suffered, however, “Horse” was not in uniform during yesterday aftei noon’s drill As a result of his father’s condition, there remains a slight possibility that “Horse,” a West Side high graduate, may not make the trip to Chicago tomorrow. This would bring the inactive list to three, including Frosty Sprowl, out with a tonsilectomy and Warren Seaborg, who is on the shelf with a broken hand. The Wabash game saw the Boilermakers emerge with the very enviable field goal percentage of 42% pel cent, or 17 completions out of eveiy 40 shots. Despite his absence from the Little Giant fracas, Sprowl IS only three points behind m the race for individual scoring, having amassed 37 to rank second to Don Blanken, who has registered 40. Nice Going, Don! Versatile Don Blanken has probably carved a couple of niches for himself in the record books. In the four games that the Illinois product has participated in, he has started at foiward, guard and center. Furthermore, his feat of 14 points in 13 minutes against the Crawfordsville crew was notable, o.t.c. Harvard university ornithologists are chasing seagulls by airplane in an effort to learn something of the amazing “homing instinct” of the birds.
Meet the Team
Presenting... Bill Neutzel
standing directly above is one of the most aggressive and fighting members of the 1940 Western Conference defending championship hardwood contingent, William A Neutzel. Standing six feet three inches tall and weighing 185 pounds, the slender foiwaid-center fiom Tell City IS making a strong bid for one of the starting berths / on the Boilermaker quintet Bill starred on the Tell City cage squad for three years, leading the team twice to the legional finals. He also handled the fiist base assignments on the high school nine for two years. Shortly after donning the Pi Kappa Alpha pledge pin in his freshman year, Neutzel reported for frosh basketball practice under Dutch Fehring, promptly winning a place on the squad. Last year, his
Jhsi/ULiL Stilt JimsL FOR CRESTED GIFTS Order Today — Deliver Saturday BUR-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern — Phone 2523
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
RESTORES
LIFE
TO FABRICS
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
What’s This Guy Atlas Got That . . . ? 65 Aspirants Toil For Sigma Delta Psi; All Campus Eds Eligible For National Athletic Honorary Roll
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Ya know, while almost every other school in the country with a losing record of some kind keeps harping about existing conditions, here at Purdue the cry-babies are merely whispering, while the growth of a grand group of games are taking copious steps toward national recognition. These are the so-called minor sports here at the University. . . . I-I . . . The late Noble Kizer was interested in providing a program that would stimulate “athletics for all,” but his work is being finished rather admirably by the present leaders in recreation. Just today you noticed the boxing gloves hanging from a group of students’ necks. These boys are pledges to the Purdiie Boxing club that was recently formed. ^ . . . I-I . . . I’m pretty certain that the grand game of the ring will take a big jump this season toward the top— where it should be at a boy’s institution. There is no place more flatulent than a man’s school without the manly ait of protection—and still there is nothing more ridiculous than a college man who can’t use his mittens if called upon. ... I-I . . . I don’t mean that the holder of a college diploma should be a fellow with a chip on his shoulder; I mean the opposite, but when the opportunity does knock for something other than merely “taking it” wouldn’t it be better to possess smart hands as well as aphonous ones . . . I-I . . . Intercollegiate boxing isn’t fostfirst of intercollegiate competition, started with a bang for Bill before a “charley horse” and a ruptured blood vessel in his right leg shelved him for the better part of the season. This year Neutzel has picked up his stride where he left off last year and has been handling the varsity assignments with great finesse. The light-headed athlete is now in a four-way tie for fourth place in the team scoring column, with 13 points to his credit m the four games in which he has played. Bill IS majoring in physical education with the hope of coaching basketball and six-man football following his giaduation in 1942 When it comes to hobbies, Neutzel chooses the wide outdoor types, either fishing or squirrel hunting He claims his shooting ability with a rifle far exceeds that with a basketball.
IM Schedules
—BASKBTBALl/—TODAY Court 1—H. Goldstein 7 00 Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6 7 16 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 14 8’00 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 3 —Court 2—^H. Shlefstein 7.00 Ward 22 vs Ward 23 7 16 Ward 27 vs Ward 26 8'00 Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho 8 16 Ward 24 vs Ward 26 Court 3—W. B. McAdams 7.00 Ward 14 vs Ward 16 7 16 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 8 00 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 18. 8 16 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Alpha Chi Rho Court 4—J. Mann 7 00 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 7 15 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11. 8 00 Delta Upsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8 15 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma WAA BOWLING—TONIGHT Wood Hall 11 vs Alpha Xi Delta I Antigonish vs Chi Omega I 118 South Street vs North Hall Alpha Xi Delta 11 vs PIA Chi Omega 11 vs Thaeles Alpha Chi Omega vs Pi Beta Phi Bowling starts promptly at 7 o’clock Each group must have five girls at the alleys at that time or the game will be forfeited Frosh Squash . . . enthusiasts are asked to attend a meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in the squash courts of the Fieldhouse. Prof. H. B. Knoll, who is the freshman squash coach, will be in charge of this meeting Since SIX fieshman numerals are given each year, all freshmen interested in this sport should be piesent at the meeting . r
eied by many schools because the ciowds don’t seem to lemember where “the fight” leally is taking place; therefore, many mtra-crowd bouts aie frequent At Wisconsin, boxing has taken great strides, and the Badger institution is supposed to be a “joe” school
By Jim Fraser It was back in 1929 that Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, made its debut on the Boilermaker campus and in its eleven year stay here on the premises, it has grown and flourished until it is now one of the most sought after of the many honoraries. The organization’s national history is Jbased m Indiana University, where it was founded early in the present century and received its national charter m 1912. Sixteen Hurdles To become a member of the national chapter it is necessary for the aspirant to pass a series of sixteen exhaustive tests which cover practically every branch of sport. 1*0 gain entrance to the local chapter, only seven passed tests are required, but until the sixteen are hurdled the rating of pledge in the national chapter is pinned on the hopeful neophyte. Between the arm-straining rope flimb and the dexterity-requiring front hand spring, along with everything that goes between the two, it takes quite a man to pass the tests. Two of the tests do not require any athletic prowess; the good posture requirement and a 3.5 scholarship rating, but the remaindei calls for skill and strength on the part of the straining athletes Back in the good old days of Greece, Atlas had only seven tests to pass, and although the Sigma Delta Psi boys don’t have to clean out any cow barns, perhaps it can be argued that even Atlas might have a little trouble with the sinewy sixteen Meet Thrice A Week At the present time there is upwards of 65 boys working out in the Fieldhouse every Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday nights undei
the supervision of Ken Scott, who plays the role of judge. A meeting is first held in room 304 of the Fieldhouse at 4:00 and then the aspirants sally forth to do or die for dear old Sigma Delta Psi. The honorary also plays an important role in the intramural program and many winners have been decided by the points gained by members of the teams gaining entrance to the organization. Five points go to the fraternity’s participation point total for every member of the house that makes' Sigma Delta Psi. 1940 Big Shots The officers of the local chapter are: Bob Wente, president; George Campbell, vice-president; and Bud Evers, secretary-treasurer. Last year three men passed the sixteen tests and were given the key of the national chapter. In the Fieldhouse at the present time there are several men who need only to pass a few more tests for the same honor. The following list covers the events and the standing requirements: 1. 100-yd. dash 113/6 sec. 2. l20-yd. low hurdles .... 16 sec^ 3. Running high jump 6 ft. 4. Running broad jump 17 ft. 5. 16 lbs. shot put . 30 ft. 6. 20-ft. rope climb 12 sec. 7. Baseball throw 250 ft. or Javelin throw . . .130 ft. 8. Football punt ... . 120 ft.9 100-yd. swim .1 min. 46 sec. 10. 1 mile run . 6 min. 11. Front hand spring, landing on feet 12. Hand stand . . 10 sec. 13 Fence vault ....Chin high 14. Good Posture, Standard B (H. B. M.) 15. Scholarship Eligible for Varsity Competition
r iwe CLEANERS "OF FI NE CLOTHEf
A Gift That Is Lasting for Parents and Friends The Purdue EXPONENT SPECIAL CHRISTMAS RATES Subscribe at' Union West Desk or Business Office