Speaks On Pioneering G. E. Lighting Expert Addresses Engineering Honoraries “A pioneer must have courage to be alone. He must give without thinking of takings and above all he must ibe able to rise above pteiju--dice and Ignorance,” stated. Dt. M. Liickie&h, directbr of the General Electric Labor Stories in hisitalk before meinbersjnf the various engineering honoraries last night. '- his talk. Dr. Luckiesh steessed the point that there-are two worlds about us, one which consists of the things we see ahd can weigh; the other an intangible phc consisting of the relation of people to things, and people to each other. “Oiuf task”, he said, “is to rise to order from chaos in this spcialogiCal world.” To do this, the scientific methods, which we are learning to apply in the material w;orld, must be applied in a similar manner. Nearlsr 250 members of Tau Beta Phi, Chi Epsilon, Eta Eappa Nu, Pi Tau Sigma, Phi Lambda Upsilon and several freshman arid sophomore distiriguished students attended. R. E. Cissell acted as toastmaster. D. C. Burnham gave the 'welcome, while Dr. C. P. Harding, head of the electrical school, introduced the speaker.
Co-ed Prom Rules Girls not going to Prom have the same hours as those attending the dance. Co-eds will not be allowed to leave town during the week-end of Prom unless they have special written permission from their parents in the hands of their landladies and housemoth-^ ers two days before Prom. ' All women staying at University residence houses under W. S. 6; A. jurisdiction who attOTd the Prom must return to their residence %e hbUr aiier the Orchestra stops playing. Men must leave at oncp, unless there is a nhaperoned ^breakfast in the ; girl's residence hpuse in Which case inen may remain one hour 'longer." ^ W,S.G.A. JUDICIAL BOARD.
Tlieo. Dreiset To Speak Here
Joe Quits Books; Enrolls In 4 O’clock Sweet Shop Course
Bacteriology Banquet Held Read Several Papers On Bacteria, Control The Indiana branch of American Bacteriologists met last evening at a dinner meeting in the Union Building at 6:30 to read and discuss various phases of bacteriology, One nf the most interesting papers read was that written by Prof. E. H. Parfitt and P. J. Babel, of the University dairy department, on “Bacterilogical Control of Ice Cream” This paper is of special interest to food experts because of the use of ice cream as one of the most prominent dishes in the world. Another interesting paper was that on “Experiments in Purification of Virus of Rabies” by Dr. C. A. Behrens and R. K. Jennings as well as others written by Dr. "W. H. Headlee, DfR. M. Cable, Prof. T. A. Tetrault, Prof. C. 0. Lee, J. M. Barker; and R. L. Phillips of the biology department.
Fambus Author Appear At Annual Literary Banquet Guest speaker for the dnnual Literary banquet, in the Union May 8, will be Theodore Dreiser, intemationally known novelist. Winners of the literary contest will be announced at the dinner. May 8 has been set as the final date for the contest entries. Dreiser, born in Terre Haute, is a broad, blond man of quiet and deliberate air. The speaker bas known all degrees of success and seldom is he ruffled by unexpected incidents in life., He speaks slowly and with well-modulated tones. Started As Reporter Starting his career as a reporter with the Chicago Daily Globe in 1892, he later became editor of Every Month, a riiusic magazine. Since that time he has been editor of several publications, including Cosmopolitan, McClure’s, Century and Harper’s magazines. His best known literary work is An American Tragedy. Numerous other volumes of fiction, non-fiction and drama by him have gained world acclaim.
By Esther Turley,
It is difiicult for those ■ persons who loiter in the Sweet Shop several hours a day to believe that there are actually students in this University who don’^know what the Sw-eet Shop is and have never" been m the Union Building. Joe is an active member of this unique group. Although he pledged a fraternity last tail, the only activity that interests him is attending classes. Girls he both abhores and fears. He passes them on the campus at an incr^sed speed with his eyes staring
at thq grbundi
One evening Joe seeks relaxation M^his studying by comparing Ms ^hedule card with his roommate’s. Now hmipommate, Larry; as quite
U *”un about the ca^
has his pin on a co-ed. He thinks Jw IS a bit queer and Larry never misses the oppqrtuhity of a joke at his expense, ^en Joe in his naive fanner inquires what course S. S. (Service and Stores) represents. Sweet Shop is the retort. Taking quick note of the completely gullible expression on Joe’s countenance, Lairy proceeds to explain
Sweet Shop is really a''
course”,
‘ Meets At Four Some of its selling points are that
that 'snap
Go-eds Prepare For May Day Exercises To twenty-five hard working coeds will go the credit for the success of May Day dances to be given Saturday, May 9, as a part of the plans for Mother’s Week-End. These coeds, under the direction of G’Dale Boiler and Marian Frazier, practice every afternoon arid several evenings for the fourteen dances. The five groups composed of five to eight girls will each give two dances. In addition, there will be solos by Ada Mae Roe and C’Dale Boiler. The music for the dances is provided through the use of phonograph records and for the actual performance an amplifying system will be installed. Mostly freshman and sophomore co-eds are participating in the dances which were arranged by C’Dale Boiler.
Harvard Club Offers $300 Scholarship A $800 scholarsMp is being offered by the Harvard Business School club of Indianapolis to the college graduate who" has maintained a creditable record in scholarship and personal achievements, and has a definite need for financial assistance, Further information regarding the scholarship can be obtained from R. G. Adams, Security Trust Co., Indianapolis.
“Re/ore They Were So Rudely Interrupted’’ By the Roving Reporter. “Love Thy Neighbor” is the motto now reigning over Littleton Street Way. Last night at 6:30 the Beta’s “buried the hatchet” in their feud with the Theta’s. The ceremony took place at the side of the Beta house to the accompaniment of the proper dirge and solemnity, followed by a buffet dinner at the fraternity house. The Beta’s were complete masters of the situation and all went well at the festival of rejoicing till the Gimlets appeared on the scene—again they disturbed the dignity of the brothers as they cut in on the dancing, relegating them to the position
of “wall flowers”. Theta Ultimatum
The severing of relations between the two houses goes back to the time of the Theta ultimatum last December. At that time Jake Browning refused to keep his promise to wear the Theta petticoat, thus sev-
ering relations.
In spite of Browning’s protests, the following morning he billowed forth like a galleon under full qail wearing the aforementioi^d petticoat, lace ribbons, and all.Ake force of those manful Gimlet pledges was necessary to bring about the change
of attire.
According to statements from both sides the little dove of peace once more hovers over their quiet domiciles, long buffeted by storm
and strife.
At Broadcast . Ehershoff’s Band Wai Play For Prom Program Saturday Ken Ebershoff aiid his orchestra will be featured on the special prom radio broadcast to be held in the fadUlty lounge of the Mehiorial Union Building Saturday afternoon at 2:15 o’clock. Free dancing will be furnished by the band during the program. The program is designed especially for prom-goers and their imported dates who can find it a means of recreation on Saturday afternoon. Several students wrio have exhibited their ability along the entertainment line will be featured On the program entitled, “Campus Variety Hour’?. Anyone wishing to attend may do so since no admission will be charged. All spectators will act as a “stqdio audience” during the broadcast. ■ ‘ The program is under the joint sponsorship of WBAA and the Student Union, under Bill McCord, Ruth Grimm and Hugh Morris.
Delta Chi Delta Chi announces the pledging of W. Christie, of Port Wayne, and J. Heckman, of Liberty Center.
it meets at four o’clock, thus not interfering with other classes, it is a discussion group dealing with the latest current events, and it is an excellimt way to meet the personalities of the University. It is one class on this campus in which you may smoke. All of the items convince Joe that an extra three hours of Sweet Shop wouldn’t add much work to his schedule. The more he tMnks about it the more decided he becomes. Yes, that would be three easy hours. He never sees Larry studying and he claims he is getting a “B” out of the course. On going through his mail the next, aftefriopn,: Jbe finds a lettef fronx the; Registrar. Tlie contents within disclose that one may enroll in Sweet Shop until Saturday. His mind is definitely made up for eur rpllihent when he; enterg hie room arid notices a paper qn Lairy’s desk. Larry has an “A” bn the first test in Sweet Shop. He had never associated an “A” with Larry before his great enlightenment oh S., the wonder course of a century of boring classes. Joe;Ekiters'.', The next afternoon at four o’clock finds Joe entering the enemy’s territory by the main entrance of the Union Building, He is amazed at the interior beauty of this building. It really has the most attractive class rooms, not to mention the comfortable davenports in place of the regulation class room chairs, Continuing his ^sight-seeing tour through the lobby, he descends the stairs and enters the SWeet Shop. Never had he witnessed a class where people were so anxious to recite. Everyone was talking at the same time and at ,such a rapidity that Joe was deeply impressed by the general I. Q, of the entire class. Yes, Joe is now a permanent fixture in the Sweet Shop. If you have been wondering who it is that continually plays the novelty record, talks the fastest, or laughs the loudest—it is Joe taking his S. S. seriously.
Dr. Graves To Speak On Music Composition The Music Study Group will hold a meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 on the second floor of the Union Building. Dr. G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, will speak on “Musical Composition”, dealing mainly with the fundamental structure and composition of music. After describing the make-up of popular songs, he will illustrate the design of more intricate melodies. Dr. Graves will demonstrate his talk by plapng various selections on the piano. All interested students and faculty members a.i'b welcome to attend.^.';
Dorothy Doyle Will Speak At Madison .' County Meeting Dorothy Doyle, assistant director of Better Homes in America, with headquarters located here at the University, will be the guest speaker at the luncheon meeting of the Madison County Better Homes in America committee, to be held at Anderson today. The meeting is county wide and is under the direction of the county chairman, Mrs. Lawrence y. Mays, of Pendleton. The luncheon, which will be held at the Anderson hotel, will be attended; by city and school Officials, heads of service clubs, club and church women, and many others interested in better homes in America.
CaUFor
Band Leads Derby Parade Louisville Alumni Give Members Banquet At ■ : Tlie ^WhdJJ^^ The University’s well-known marching band of 125 pieces boarded a Morion Special yesterday morning at 7:30 d’clock to attend the KOritucky Derby Festix^l Day par. ade last night. At Bloomington ;the Indiana band, also headed for the parade, bqardCd the train, The band, winner of last year’s coinpetition, I was given the place of honor leadirig the Queen’s division. Special attention was given by the group to the lighting display wMch was instrumental in bringing them recognition at last year’s event. The group spent the day at Churchill Downs as the guests of the Derby Festival Association, and Louisville alumni entertained the band members with a banquet at the Kentucky hotel.
Committee Completes Arrangemente For To- *
morrow Night
Approximately 250 Prom-goers had called for their tickets and programs at the casMer’s office last night when the office closed. The re- - maining purchasers must claim their
tickets between 8 and 4:30 o’clock / today or tomorrow, while the com- J,
plimentary tickets may be secured today from the office of W. A. Bod-
den, assistant controller. , , - At 1 o’clock tomorrow ^ftemoon, •
the lounges in the Union Building will be closed to arrange for the booths; at 5 the campus drives will be closed, and at 9 o'clock the entire Union will be closed. Grant Streot; - from State to Northwestern, will not be open for traffic after 9 p. m.,
Plan Clerical E xam s May 16 CandMates Will Take Tests For Vacancies ^ Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to Pres. E. C. Elliott, announced yesr terday that another qualification examination for candidates for clerical, portions in the Universeity will be held at the Lafayette Business College ori Saturday, May 16, Those who successfully pass the test will be enrolled on the list of qualified candidates from which clerical yacancies on the staff will be filled. Application blanks, with qualification material and full details in regard to the subject matter of the exam, may be obtained from the president’s office. Applications for the coming test must be filed before Monday,; May li, after which candidates will be. notified of their eligibiity for the examination.
but yfill seiWe as a parking place. Use'West.'Entrance■ A canopy will be placed qver the West side entrance to the Union Building and all regular ticket hold-^ ers will be admitted only through this entrance. Personal identification pictures which are attached to the tickets will be checked with the bearers at tMs time. All persons who; have conapliinentary tickets will uSe the south entrance of the Union. Fraternity booths have been as^ signed ip groups of tWo or thfee. Identfying names will be attached to the booths, and John Drdke, the chairman of arrangements, stated[ last riight that a truck will come to all fraternities some time after 9 a. m. to haul their furniture to the Union Building. > -
Formal Dinner
All those who wish to attend the formal dinner wMch will be given in the peasant room of the Union from 7 to 9 tomorrow night must make reservations in the office of the cafeteria today. The billiard room of the Union will be used for checking, and the custoniary charge of ten cents
will be made.
r 8^
Dr. E. C. Young
WBAA To Hold Auditions For Staff Announcers
Auditions for WBAA staff announcers will be held in the studios on the third floor of the E. E. Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock, Students living in town and those who plan to go to summer school are
especially urged to try out.
By C. M. Hardin.
“A person teaching in an agricultural college needs some place to whet up his wits,” says Dr. Ernest C. Young, professor of farm management and assistant dean of the graduate school, and he certainly practices what he preaches, for he owns and operates a farni about ten miles east of Lafayette. “Doc” also owns his own home in West Lafayette, having acquired it only this winter. He is thrifty and does not spend his money foolishly, and as one instructor put it, “Students could learn considerable economics by scrutinizing him closely.” Dr. Young Was born and raised at Grove City, Pennsylvania; and was an honor graduate of Grove City College, haying obtained his B. S. degree there in 1916. The sam.e year he entered the graduate school at Cornell University. He was an in^ structor there in animal husbandry and farm management from 1917 to 1921. His doctor’s degree was ol>" tained in 1921 after the completion of a thesis in farm inanagemerit
concerning the movement bf farm population, a subject in wMch there has been much interest. ”Doc” came to Purdue in 1921 and
since that time has been engaged ip farm management research and teaching. Being very successful in both lines of activity, he has organized courses in farm organization, accounting and prices, has made contributions to “The Book of Rural Life”, on the subject of farm population and bookkeeping, has published several bulletins ip the field of prices and farip qr^Pization, aPd made numerous contributions to scientific journals. Probably one of his most responsible positions came when he was appointed as special assistant to the governor pf the farm credit administration in 1933. Here he was engaged in studjnng the field activity of the farm credit administration and the various credit agencies thereunder. “DocV’O.E. A group of seniors, when asked ' what they thought of “Doc” as an instructor, made the following remarks: “He is one of the best instructors that I ever had; he chr(Continued on page
Design D^arim^nt Exhibits Etchings An attractive exhibit, colorful in line and composition, consisting of woodcuts and etchings is now oh display in Building No. 2 under the supervision of Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the departpient of applied design in the school qf home economics. These artistic pieces were all created by women in Vienna, Austria, Some of them being Well knoAbn artists, and have been sent to the University by the Carl Schurz idemorial Foundation for the development of cultural relations between the United States and Germany. ■ Description Several of the woodcuts are in floral design, with brilliant colors artfully matched; one is of a snow mountain with cool blue preddmihating; while warm hues are used in the cut of the Austrian village. A number of colored etchings are included in the exhibit, one showing Schubert’s home and another Beethoven’s; Any of these pieces can be purchased through the foundation tlmt is sponsoring the exhibit for a nomr' inal amount, considering the behuW of thework;-.,'^'-In the sarioe room with the 'wooeb Cut and etching exhibit is a Norwegian hanging made by A. P. NoldriaUnthe, wMch is striking in the combination of colors that is used.. It is hand-made and is a fine example of straight line weaving..
' 'i
'".si
Chasteen’s Condition Remains Unchanged The condition of A. M. “Casey”‘ Chasteen, associate editor of the Exponent, is just about the same /smwa according to word received from the , ^ Home Hospital at 12:00 last night. Ghasteen’s condition has been serious for several days and he is given an even chance to recover. He is suffering from a kidney ailmeat
and complications.'iiMfifinii
Member Adsociated CoUe^ate Picbb ooiJ^u^Vmbbt
'Itimli^ N Prew ABBodaUon, Big Ttn Bditorial Aaiodfttkin Bat^red u Meimd dam mattet mt th« poet offloe. Indiana. Ddly^ bP > par »ttur; ddivered by nanrier, $2.60 per yewi add by alnsrla reWt $ mnta.
Bwlneaa Phona 6088
, main :^FfItas^^i2 ■: jtetib
Editoriad Phone 6087
Wak^in^Ghid.. Mdi^as EditoFAamejlate Sditoia.. Iporki iSditor^ AnM>eiak) Spoi^ EdltoFa.. ■apbmneni^AralskKtta.-— .. 'W. 3Sarpo>%: If* boid Mid BlBi^ EdHo^ Bdelneea btanaew_ Adveitisinsr Nanagw.. Ad^eitiging AMIsiAata.. Oirrailation Manager..
^...^ V. Heuser ..iiU. a Gainpbdl .iA. M. GhaatOdn; Ci M. HsSdihi W. Tw Htint, a a Morde, 'M. G£ ■ ■■ ..; I), a Mdi. a Pt wapde£ ..a A. Bai^dt^ J. a Bi^ok, A. a FprMtdJj a P. Manldni G. a SadM^ Sdidik, 'k* „W.":*. Abbott
BGSlKaBS 8TAFP
„„ _W£ A.£Koih;
.a. F. Antbnihi Jti. H. Broiini/ a Crc^, P. G. Miller
..B. J. Hulae
Thursdays A^ril 30,1936. Issue.Editor—Ki E. O’Neil
Grade Your Professors Students at the University of Kansas now have the opportunity to grade their instructors, in the same manner in which they themselves are graded, through the medium of a poll being conducted by the Daily Kansam. A ballot has been prepared on which the names of professors may be listed apd letter grades entered in each of five columns headed respectively by: quizzes, lectures, punctuality, personality, and appearance, these being the criteria, it is felt, on which a student’s grade is based. At the Conclusion of the poll, an “honor roll’’ will be compiled from the “report cards” and this will be published in the school paper. The idea is not a new one. Northwestern having previously experimented with and adopted a similar plan which has resulted for the most part in more friendly and equitable relations between professors and students. Certainly the idea should fulfill a wish which every student at one time or another lias felt—to reverse proceedings and put the instructor on the “spot”.- ^ If properly conducted, worthwhile benefits should be forthcoming, for even professors have faults of which they are not aware.—C. L. S.
Pointiiig The Way
In an effort to make school work more significant to students and better prepare secondary school graduates for college, a special commission on the Relation of School and College of the Progressive Education Association has instigated a pro-gram-of research involving approximately 300 colleges and 30 outstanding secondary schools from all sections of the country. These educational institutions are experimenting with curricula which, it is hoped, will serve to coordinate secondary school and college work more efficiently and at the sanie time satisfy the immediate needs and interests of the student. The importance of radio as a molding f actor in the training of youth has been recognized by the inclusion of new courses in radio appreciatinon which stress the educational over the amusement value of air broadcasts. Studies in economics have been altered alsd td increase their applicability to student problems, and, most important of all, new comprehensive courses have been added to answer the insistent query of school and college groups of “What are our aims in life to be and how are we to approach them ?” American college enrollments have grown tremendously during.the past 15 years. About 160,000 students entered places of higher learning last fall, as compared with 96,000 during the year of 1921, and the number is expected to double again within the next two decades. To give to these future students the training which they desire, and which they have every reason to expect, new methods of teaching must be provided, new curriculums offered, new interests provided. It is commend^ able that someone is willing to point the wa,y.—C. L. S.
Conceive, if you can, thirteen million men as a gigantic army passing a reviewing stand. They come two seconds apart. For forty-six days and night the batallions of the dead roll by as the waves of a mighty ocean. Such was the price paid for safety during the late war !—J. E. S.
iATE FLUSH! Louise Hanliey has the Sig triple threat man in the wdl known ‘’doghouse^’. Jim Shoemaker decided that Louise wasn’t getting her hah fixed in the most suitable manner, sooo— Jim is wondering if maybe he should get another date for Prom. With Bob and Jim both dealt out, that kinda leaves the Hanley girls open for offers again. TEAR IT DOWN The Pifi’s spent more time at the bar than they did on the dance floor while in Indianapblis for their state dance. The gals go hog-wild away from ihstitutional swperyisidni “Speed Thee O Error” Skull House Lankford was wearing Phi Phi Gillespie’s arraw ... oh the inside of his shirt. Soniebody got mad ... sohow it’s gone. “Bottles” Edward let Ann Dougherty annex his Beta pin last night—so it was reported. HOUSE BILLS SOAR. According to the story of one of our favorite bartenders, the Kappa Sigs are serving only the best wine and’ CHAMPAGNE at their Prom dinner. It looks like campus dates are prevailing, because one can’t import dates and drink chainpaghe,
too.
■ ' 06EN0 SAYS: . He: I’ll tell you something if you will keep it dark. She: 0. K. What? He: You’ve got a nice parlor. During ride after Prom; Trees: My clutch is slipping. Rutiiie: It’s not noticeable, dar-
ling.
She: I had a date with a General last night. Her; Major General ? She: No, not yet, ■FRESHMAN .OBSERVATION This place is just like a ?‘*;ZZ@ factory—the only difference is when in a factory you carry your lunch. OBSERVATION NO. 2 The place is like a penitentiary only there are no guards (that’s what he thinks). Every time the fire whistle blows it means some lucky devil has escaped and they are out after him. BAD BOYS Dear Tekes: If you kids are so naughty, why not tell us about it? We won’t say anything to anybody. ■ FAMOUS LAST LINES , (Now that all these, here elections are now upojti us) Now is the time for all good soph©mores to lay in a pipe line to their party.
-
—; of all btudeiits on the Oampiis last year 17.1 ^pe^ cent, a little more than 1-6, if you don’t like decimals, of the population wero Women? Did you know that of 788 co-^ed^, 370 were home ecs, and the rest were dfetrifeuted among the schools of science, pharmacy, engineerin]^, agriculture and the graduate school ? Did you know that on our campus there are twelve foreign countries represented, but that there was a woman Student from Only one, China ?
Did you know that of 604 members of the University staff 67—11 per cent—^were women ? That these 67 women are divided among five or six staffs, whereas only 44 members had resigned. Of these 112 appointments 14 were wom6n—7 women had resigned. The women therefore lost some little ground. Already 11 per cerit of tlie facultj^was femim^ as was ;i7,l per. cent of student; body. The- home economics arid the: physical education for women staffs are .the only lOO per cerit feiriale staffs.] The library staff ranks riCkt in pereeritage of women. On the other staffs the women make a very
small percentage.
^ t — yon ^ educatiori for women we hear that ligPgl cb-ed is getting larget and stronger. Since there is no required work in physical education for juniors and seniors, special in-teres^-is taken in their activities which are voluntary—40 per cent of the junior women And 33 1-3 per cent of the seniors in 1934-1036 took part in some of these voluntary acThe first year of the Women’s Residence Hall found 93 per cent of its capacity taken, while in the second y^ar it was completely filled. This news comes from Dean Stratton’s office. Of the 788 co-eds enrolled, 103 did FERA work, 47 worked for thdir room and board, and 31
did odd jobs.
(Continued on page 4)
'! •’ •; ■]
—
tHiONE, ^AmoHir
These are the facts presented in “The Report of the President and Other Officers of Purdue University” for 1934-36, a bulletin receiitly published by the. University.
The report of the home economics school in this same bulletin contains a request for a new building some time in the next five years. A new building would permit the addition of new projects to the present program. One survey carried on by the school for the federal government in the 1934-1935 year, with necessary equipment supplied by commercial companies, was to discover the comparative time and energy consumption of gas and electric
Starts Sweet
NilliKELSEHliiTSIUllR: Also Impoflaf Ysllp^ Bok::$tS§:
SUDDEN ^SERVICE
PHONE H' -S 6 2 8
jRINTING Offiee Statlonsiy w p Weddlhg ihVltaileni Sfit«8 Bookt, Gte.,
408i-'ERRy
o
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Oxford Tradition Smashed? (University Daily Kansan) It was with no small trepidation that we noted a small item in the morning papqr stating that 150 Oxford students had gone on a strike for, of all things, better food. Such toying with tradition should not be countenanced in a country which reveres its ancestors and does homage to the past. Americans have long conceived of the Ixford undergrtduate as gazing contemplatively at the remains of his grilled bone, while meditating over his pipe. And here cometh the lowly reporter, who detects signs of discontent. Discontent with curry and mutton, with tea and crumpets ! Imagine discontent with Welsh rarebit! Had the Oxford student something like boarding house prunes or restaurant mashed potatoes to contend with, he would have been forgiven some slight mutterings of dissatisfaction. But English students are faced with the eating problem, at least in the American conception. All they have to do is smoke their pipes in company with their tutors, and play cricket. The mundane alimentary needs are taken care of by a kindly providence which at a careless wave of the hand conjures a grilled bone and a glass of whiskey and soda. There is never any muss or fuss or dirty dishes as the traditionally silent Japanese boy takes care of all that. The undergraduate is left to wander in the realms of reflection, somnolently puffing at his meerschaum, content in the knowledge that all his inner needs will be supplied ready to his hand. We say-^-out with those wreckers of tradition who suggest that English breakfasts are not all they should be. A fig for him who says the Oxfordite would grumble over his food.
DR. A, M, IRION Demtlst Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-W erkhoflf Compamy Phone 3882
The higher education of women means more for the future than ali conceivable legislative reforms. Its influence does not atop with the honie.’^
" PRIM FOR THE . . PROM.. . rit V, . ■ RED’S BARBEil SHOP
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SENIORSI We midee application plctorai for |1«2I per dozen* Special price on lota of fiftsr or more. Rembrandt; Studio 106 vine St. W. Xofalette
CUT PRICE CLOTHING STORE Corner of Third and Columbia Sts. Announce a Three Day Grand
Celebrating the Completion of Our Entirely Modernized Store! We haye just completed the remodeling of our entire store ... changed the layout of departments with the thought of better service and improved displays for the benefit of our customers. Our Men’s and Boys’ Clothing Department has been enlarged . . . permitting us to carry larger stocks. Daylight enables you to make selection of colors and patterns without confusion! We have installed a mezzanine Shoe Department carrying a complete line of popular priced High Grade Footwear for Men and Young Men. To introduce our new remodeled store to Lafayette and vicinity, we are offering a spectacular three-day PROFIT-SHARING SALE. Instead of giving away cheap souvenirs, we are GIVING AWAY $ DOLLARS $ IN SAVINGS!.. . ^ight in the “heart of the season,” when clothing, furnishings and shoes are in demand at reguUr prices ... this is your invitation to j: Ckmie - - Buy - - Save It’s an event that will he remembered for years to come
Promptly at 9 ;00 A. M. and will colitinue for three days!
t ' Quality Flowers Main at Tth Phone 6050
Fdday ■ w Ji^day - Saturday Peter B. Kyite’s atory „ “Fighting Coward” | ERIC VON STROHEIM in “Crime of Dr. Ctespi” “Custer’s Last Stand” , I
Today - Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE ]
LEW AYRES
leTSlielawiffl Lbri -Sesows of the' (S0iiagiai:E9ortl!West! .laietesriliveirCur
EXTRA Xdttle Jack tiUle Orchestra
COMING' FRIDAY - SATURDAY
mm sfAisr;
MAsm EOWiS
■ On the Screen CAROLE LOMBARD
in
“IX)VE. BEFORE BREAKFAST”
IW F.iig©gL
SUBSCEIBB FOE THE V EXPONENT
aBB8
umA Today - Friday - Saturday . DOUBLE FE ATURE
SMS iECE» fMimMSHi. iWEDI!
Based on the play “The Unguairdied Hour” by LadisIans Fodor. English adaptation by Bernard Merivale.'
Plus
The stars of' together ig^aln! .SIS
I'ii.r 1.1 i 1 I
I
Ttaeksten WM Meet Chicago in Ro$s»Ade
Stadium At 4 0*clock An unusual athletic “double-head-kr*’ that will provide an attractive post-from feature will be on tap in th6 Ross-Ade stadium beginning at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon with both a football game and a Rig Ten track meet included on the afternoon's card. The novel athletic carnival, which is expected to attract a gala crowd of students, Proni guests and townspeople, will get under way ynith the kickoff of the regulation game between the freshman and sophomore-junior combinations that will bring spring football drill to an official close, and will be followed with what is expected to be a closely contested Big Ten dual track meet between Purdue and Chicago, beginning at 4 o’clock. The football game will provide an opportunity for students and townspeople to obtain a preview of the 1936 Boilermaker squad, while the track meet will afford an opportunity to see two leading candidates for the U. S. Olympic team in action. Ray Ellinwood, former Purdue student,,recently set a iiew world^e record for tbe qUarter-inile dash indoors as a iiaember of the Maroon squad, will be a top-heavy favorite for victory in the gruelling dash, ■while Jay Berwanger, versatile allaround Maroon athlete Who ha^ Olympic Decathlon aspirations, 'will be a strong contender in the dashes ■
and field e'imnts;
Contested Game Expected Although the sophomore-junior eleven must be granted an edge on the basis of experience in the afternoon’s featured gridiron battle, the yearling squad posses a sturdy ele'?^^en of admitted power, and a keenly
contested game is expected from start’to finish. The results of the spring experimentation in filling the gapihg holes that v\ill be, left by graduation this June will be evident in the, lineups of the' two elevens, with a number of old, familiar faces on the-gridiron appearing in new The keenest of rivalry has already developed between the two Boilermaker groups in anticipation of the
: o+.-wii'ntirfvlin 'tilSl*© IS'
“Minnesota” Beats “loWa” In Sjpring Pfectice Tourney
' .
26 to 6 on the football practice field opposite Cary Hall yesterday afternoon. The last half of this psuedo Big Ten game was brightened by
For ladiana
bpem Two-Game Series DeteFmitied Ttt Break
Into Win Column
With very high hopes of breaking
great teamwork in the Minnesota into the Big Ten victory column, the
: HERE'S-THE' EOTOOWH If you, want a shirt that can really take a beating and still go on looking smart and unfrayed—Try GORDON OxfeRD, in white and colors •—■ San-forized-shrunk. Mitoga fit for college nien. Button down or plain collar, '■ ■■ $2'
SHIRTS and TIES
afternoon’s struggle,
one certainty about the game, the boys will be playing for “keeps” as well as “fun”; just as- they have .been doing in the thrilling series of intersquad games that have featured .the final three weeks of spring drill. '
No Definite Lineups Yet
Although definite lineups for the two elevens will not be announced until - later, - there is plenty of strength available for both combinations. Among the freshman possibilities are Vergane, Spehn, and Lehr, ends; Mihal and Johnson, tackles; Aronson, Molony and Kodros, guards; Petry, center, and Montague, Ippolito, Purvis, Juska, Dean
and Sink, backs.
The sophomore-junior coach will b0 able ? to .c^l On a; hOst of . iliars’^includingPo'wellandli'itzgefald^ ends; : Schreyer, Woltman, and BuymeiSter, thckles; Dahlbeck arid G^ayes> guards; Captain Bell; ceriter, and Cody arid Cecil IsbelL John Drake, Lowell Decker, Fred StalCUp, Bob Selby, Wasme Gift, and Ben Medley; backs. I
Track Meet
Pmrdue’s riiaiti strength in the track meet with Chicago is expected to be in the middle distance and distance runs, where Co-captain Glendenriing, Jarios and Gpory will make strong bids for points. Other point possibilities include 'Williamson m the high jump; Stewart, DeLong, and Lemon, in the broad jump; DeLong and Vaughri-Catt, in the dashes; Shideler, in the hurdles; Reed, in the discus; Andres, in the shot put, and Ste-wart,. in the javelin. Judging from the ad'vance ticket sales Reported by officials of the Gimlet club, who are sponsoring the annual spring football gamOj the “bargain Ibill” is proving attractive to both students aud to^speople. Arrangements have been riiade so that those "who purchase tickets for the football game will be given the privilege of remaining for the track meet without extra charge. Tickets priced at only 26 cents each, are now on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, and the Memorial Union desk, or may be Ob tairied from Gimlet club members or pledges. Coupon books will be honored for admittance to the track meet starting at 4 o’clock, but will not be good for admission to the football gairie.
tine with Martin Schreyer, “Swede Dahlbeck, Clem Woltmann, Don Powell, and Bill Vergane all doing their part in advancing the oval toward the Iowa goal. The muddy field made the play of the linemen especially effective in that they got a better start on pulling out and taking the ball through the other side of the line. The ends did fine work in nabbing passed and also proved their work with sparkling scrimmage play. The second string backfield did much of the work in long gains and passing with Tony Juska, Ross Dean, and Louis Sink giving the lowans plenty to think about. Cecil Isbell stopped the Gophers’ first drive on his o-wn 10 yard line by intercepting a pass
by Dean.
Boilermaker baseball
leave this morning for Bloomington, where they will open a two-game series with Indiana at '4 o’clock. Pbllowing thegeneral intention of making a mighty effort to get out of what is definitely a losing slump. Coach "Ward Lambert has been working the team to smooth out the small flaws which seem to put victory around the comer. He indicated last night that Bob Rosser, right hander, would draw the mound assignment for the series’ opener tomorrow, ■with Glen Downey, who limited Wabash to three hits yesterday, slated for tomorrow’s game.
: "Dean MakesXquchfibwrtir ■ IV Dean made the first touchdown on a long run around the right side of the line and added another late in the last quarter by intercepting Isbell’s pass on Iowa’S 26 yard line and racittg over the line with plenty of rpdm to spare, George Bell making two lunsuccessful attempte for the points after tOUchdo-wri. iSlinnesdta had soine trouble bottling up the Iowan’s star backfield of Isbell, Stalcup, Gift, and Winehill. Mud made the going gruesome for each team giving Earl Perris and Prarik Loebs, the Iowa and Minnesota cOaches respectively, much to speculate over as to which ones were slipping and which ones Were falling. The mud made the struggle be^ tween lo'wa’s backfield and Minnesota’s line a bit difficult for neither could show its true strength against the other. j With the second half of the Ppr-due-Wisconsin game tomorrow afternoon, .the regular spring sessidn ends. The main event of the practice season comes Saturday afternoon when the Preshmen on the squad fight for their rights against the combined efforts of the Sophomores and Juriiors, This will be the last of football until riext fall.
ssacMSSs
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts. SOIITHWORTH’S
>In, Lafayette it’s Dewenters who carry the Arrow Shirts
'4- -f -f -f ' ^ “t" ■ •+■ ■tFRATBENITY TENNIS SINGLES 4- -f -f , 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + Today, 4:15 o’clock Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi. Phi Delta Theta ys. Tau Epsilon Phi; ■ ;;5--’jfcl0<d£ ' ' Pi Kappa Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa ysi. ■; ■ Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle.
WARD HORSESHOE
All Ward men wishing to participate in tourney report to the Armory courts at 4 o’clock this afternoon. KNEPPLE.
DEAC HAS BTBRtTHINa '.foT'a': ■ COLLEGE EWJCATION H.GsHEISNER
: LAWN JPIWEES Sharpened and repaired. New wid used mowers; Prices on new BaU Bedjrinsr Mowers $6,25 and up. Maw;' era called for and delivor^, 20841 North Fkth Street Ph^e 2828 taftwette, Jnd.
Frosh-Vairsity Golf Today At 4 Aspiring freshman golfms win have their big chance to display their skiU in the freshman-varsity golf tournament which' starts at 4 o’clock today in the West Lafayette Public Golf Course. The tourney, which is being held for the purpose of selecting probable varsity material, will be run in a series of nine hole matches lasting on Week-days through next Monday. The entrants will sign their opponent’s score cards and turn them in at the intramural oflBce as soon as possible. The four highest men will be awarded numerals. Those scheduled for matches today are as follows; - P. Schmuek vs. C. Hoffman, W. F. Lauben«ein vs. R. Himes, W. Lynch, vs. L, A. Jacobson. J. David vs. L. Ware, G. D. Thomi as, VS. R.: A. Haslte, G. Devore vs. R.^ B; Mei:;PW|>i^;?od€aii^vs. DickinSoh, vs. P. R. Marshall, R. E. Skinner vs. K. E.
A. Phniips, U T, Ltttvey w, John Smith.
Diamond 2— Phi Sigma Eappn vs. Tau ■paEpsilon. 3— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Tau. ' '. 4— ^Beta Them Pi vs. Theta Chi, ’' 5— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. 6~Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa PW. ^ , 7— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta CMi „ j 8— ^Phi Gumma Delta vs. Phi Delta ' ■ " '
Theta.
10—^Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa
^ 'i
PHI KAPPA SIGMA Phi Kappa Sigma announces the pledging of Leonard Boroviak; Ghi»
cago, HI.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF
Men interested please pay 10 cents entry fee in intramural office. Tourney will startisoon so sign up us quickly as possible.
Alumni To Award Freshman Trophy As an added feature of the gridiron game in the Ross-Ade stadiu^^ Saturday afternOon ;that will bring I Purdue’s spring practice session lb an official close, the Purdue Alumni AssqciaUbn •mil make the sixth an-1 nual award of i handsoriie 4lOP;00 gold 'watch to the freshman 'Who has I shown the most improvement a,rid deVelOpirierit during spring ^ill, it ] was announced todayl'; hy E. B; Baugh, executive secret?py% I; The award, ifimvra as the Pm Freslrinan Football Merh 'Trophy^ ■will be made be^eCn halves Of the I game by Burr S, Swezey, of Lafay-1 ette, president Of the general alum-i ni. association. Actual presentation | of the trophy, however, 'Will be deferred until next fall just before the start of the 1936 season, for the | rules of the competition provide that the ■winner must return to school eligible for Varsity serviee in order toVqualify for actual o'wriership. In makirig the selection of the | wiriner, the judges will take irito consideration not only the improve- j ment and development shown dur-1 ing spring practice, but also the attitude, attendance, and scholastic I rating of each candidate. Freshmen] with no pre^vious footbaU experience Will be giyen equal consideration ■with those of experience, for the I winner of the award will "not necessarily be the most outstanding player on the squad, as impro^ve-1 ment is the basic requirement. Last year’s ■winner was Don | P'owell of Fort Wayne and 1934 was John Drake. I
Get a Distinctive Hairdress-—You Will Stand Out at Prom Shampoo and Wave M., T., W.—35c Th., F., S.—50e Doyle’s Home Heauty Phone 2331
iSPARRENiDAIIL M6reliant Tailor '
Yonnv enonarh to lb* totoratieals oM moagrh to be practicaL tolHAtoXBATH ■ WArCHM^KEK I - . 608 Main St.
WANTED-^iViAN FOR RADIO SERVICE :/ No sales. Must have good general radio repair experience. This will her part timework. . BOWERS BROS. EliEGTEIC CO. m N. 5U» St. '
the SFOT light shines
EDITH GREGORY Popular /MAY-QUEEN'' ^ ' I PuTti^iie IJiiiycTsily I and .;' This New Glorious STYLE HIT
Tkere !s
Silhouette Rain Capes, a wide range of transparent Rayon Knit Slips, shadow pmiels, guaranteed against shrinking and sagging, tea rpse and white.;.....„,.;; .,:...;...$1.66 French Crepe Slips, lace trimmed and.tailored models, shadow panels and guaranteed seariis, white and tea Tose Rayon Panties, all styles., print Pajamas, two piece fast color. Batiste Go-wns, floral patterns and hand embroidered. Slacks in navy, bro-wn and white, guaranteed fast colors, special
I
sSBi
11^
l-Slti
s^piiSj
' Let’s Make the Junior Prom Tha Oytstanding Dance for Her | To begin with, for this of all dances, She wants to look her I best. A shoulder bouquet or corsage is jUst the additionial lddch^^^^i^^^^ she would like. She’U neyer forg(^t you sent it. ; ^ f
When you order one for her, reniember our prices are lowest for a bouquet/which is really effective and which is properly niade to retain its original beauty. Stop in or phone us.
Dorner*s FIdwer
Main at Seventh
Phone 6050 I
if a
then a CHOP STEAK........10C : at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
’28 Grad Takes New Job
Harold Smith, of West Lafayette, a 1928 graduate in civil engineering, who for the past two years has been stationed at Greenfield working with the Indiana state highway commission, has accepted a new post in the technical service division of the Solvey Process Co., Syracuse, N. Y., it was learned here yesterday. He will assume his new duties on May 1.
bb^shb
PATEONIZE EXPONENT . ADVERTISERS ■ ^
CO-EDITS— (Continued from page 1) Dr. O’Shea reported that she had held 661 confidential interviews during the year. One Co-ed had as many as thirty interviews, while 129 were interviewed but once.
RED ROSE' Anti-Knock OCTANE 7© OCTANE
19c Gas for
:10
C
TAX PAM) Red Rose Service First and Main
Near the end of the bulletin is to be found a list of the members of the Uiniversity staff who had had something published during the year 1934-1935. Of 176 authors, 9 were women—^Pi’of. Laura B. Hadley, Prof Helen W. Hazel ton, Prof. Ruth Jordan, Miss Bertha M. Keller, Prof. Muriel G- McFarland, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Harriett Naumann, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, and Miss Martha Sampson. These ai’ticles were published, chiefly, in magazines arid bulletins interesting to women. —F,S.McE.
'or
Prom
Here’s a hint for a thoughtful man who selects flowers for a charming lady.
Be assured she will receive a corsage correct in every detail according to the latest fashions in flowers.
We suggest that you come to our shop and let us help you select a corsage for her.
CLARK Floral Co.
527 Main St.
Phone 5432
Adding Machines—
Typewriters,
For sale, rent; repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
Phone 2779. ,
Deceased
- -- ^ -- - ■ ; Word was received last evening that Donald Bfuce, C.E.’36 had passed away in Albany, N* "1^. Bruce
was a member of Delta Sigma Lamba and served as president of the local chapter during his senior year.
Paper Towels—^Por the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co.
Lost—One 10x12 black notebook; Reward. Thomas M. Evans, 7201.
Chemistry Exaiiis-^Exams for removal of C grades in chemistry 1 or 2 will be given Saturday,' May 2nd, 1-4 p. m^j rooih. 106, Chemistry Building. Unless special arrangements are made, only people who had the courses under F. J. Allen will be exapilned at the time and place noted above. Application for the exam should be made at room ,210 Chemistry Building before May 2. The next regular opportunity for removing 0 grades will be early in September. —ALLBIN.
Engineering Students—The school of civil engineering will appreciate the return of the missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Dam now oh exhibit in the lobby Of the Civil Engineering Building. This is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service. —HATT.
WBAA Auditions—For Staff announcers will be held aib.4 today in the studios on the third floor of the E. E. Building. —D AMMON.
Women’s Pan—Meeting at 4 today in the women’s lounge. Union. —HOBFER.
Glider Club—We are sending an order for helmets and goggle tomorrow morning. Be sure to give me your orders either at the meeting or by phone before theni —WILTSHIRE.
Tennis—These matches must be played off by Saturday night or they will be forfeited: Arnold, Burkle vs. Merritt, Bailey; Sheay, Belko vs. Campbell, VanRie; Bain, Ritchey vs. Scudder, Foorman. —RIETH.
Alpha Zeta—Rough initiation at Veterinary Building at 7 tonight. All pledges and activeil be there. —GARDNER.
W. A. A Council Meeting—Tonight at 7:15 in W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
W. A. A. Archery—The following matches matches will be played at 4 today: Ward 1 vs. Ward 2, Alpha Chi vs. Theta, Ward 3 vs. W. R. H., Ward 4 vs. Alpha Xi. Matches will begin promptly 'at 4 :16. Matches scheduled for last night will be played tomorrow at 4. —BOEHM.
Christian Science Organization—Meeting at 7 :15 today in the Engineer’s office of the Union. —DRISCOLL.
Purdue Auto Club—^Meeting at Phi Delta Theta house at 7 :30 tonight. —VAN DOREN.
Glider Club—Meeting at 7 tonight in the tower room of Union. —O’NEIL.
DR. E. C. YOUr^G— (Continued from page 1) tainly knows his subject; anyone who graduates from Purdue and doesn’t take a course under “Doc” Young really misses a big part of his college education.” These statements reflect somewhat the high esteem in vdiicH lie is held: students. “Doc-^ is married kas twq daughters; he boasts that he eats more himself than all the other members of the family put together. He is a member of Sigmk Xi, faculty adAfisor for the turdue chapter of Alpha Zeta, and recentiy he was initiated into Alpha Gamma Rho.' Tell The 'Truth He never uses notes to lecture from, and peculiarly enough he never gets mixed up. He maintains that if you always tell the truth, you do not need to remember what you have said or be worried about it. Of course, he admits that it is best to leave some things unsaid, especially with reference to the AAA; Even if a week elapses between classes, he always knows where he left off the time before. When he lectures, he has a habit of placing his open hand on his hedd and rhnning his fingers through his hair the wrong way. His smile is particularly interesting, and as one senior expressed it, “He kas the most contagious smile of any person that I have ever known. When he smiles in class, the whole class smiles.” ; 43 Years Old “Doc” is forty-three years old, a fact that is a surprise to some people, not because he looks older, but because of the vast store of knowledge that ke always kas at the tip of his tongue. His lectures abofind with illustrations and applications from fields that are really not/Earm management, but which are closely related to it. The present junior class will -undoubtedly benefit next year from illustrations in the meat packing industry made possible from an extended trip east, sponsored by S-vyift and Company this spring.
If you think it costs a lot to be really welldressed ... slip into the
NEW PALM B:EACH
That this famous patented cloth tailors well is granted ... but the way these 1936 models of ours set you off Is a revelatioh. Goodall . . . makers of the fabric . . have tailored them for us into suits for business . . . for sport . . . for vacation Wear/
*16.75
SEE THE NEW PALM BEACH WHITE
GEISLER’S
500 Main St.
CLOTHES SHOP ' :Lafayette, Ind..
Radio Club—All amateurs holding class A licenses and desiring keys to W9YB must take written exam tonight at 7:16 at the Triangle house. —WEPPLER.
W. A. A.—Track at 4.
-TUBBS.
Camera Clublounge tonight.
-Meeting at 7 ;15 in faculty —SCHOLER.
... Union Workers—Members of the following committees meet in the sub-basement at 4 and in the ballroom at 7 : Clark, Ohaver, Jump, Pugh, Scholar, Shoemaker, Quiggle. —FULLER.
Union.' Workers—Members of these committees meet in the Union office at 4: Anspach, Grimm, Kuehn. —FULLER.
Kappa Delta Pi—Initiates get badges at Prof. Robert’s office today. —HAZARD.
Playshop Paint Crew—^Please report in sub-basement today at 4. All interested in painting scenery report at same time. —CROMER.
Y. w:. C. A. Cablnetat 4 today.
-Meeting in the office
—JONES.
W. A. A. Hiking—Roller skating hike Saturday. Leave gym at 2:30 prompt. —DOBSON.
W. A. A. Baseball-r-AIpha Chi Omega vs. Ward 3 and Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 1 at 4 today. —KELLY.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority Mothers’ club entertained the alumnae yesterday at the chapter house. The tea table was set with a lovely lace cloth centered with a bouquet of white narcissus and white candles. • ■ “Sk— Breakfasts will be served at the Women’s Residence Hall, the Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, and Kappa Alpha Theta houses Saturday morning after the Prom. i ' . ' . —sb— Members of Alpha Xi Delta entertained guests at a wiener roast last night from 6:30 to 8 o’clock at the W. A. A. cabin.
Delta Tau Delta Holds
Initiation Banquet
Delta Tau Delta announces the initiation of David R. Shoemaker, Elmira, N. Y.; Kenneth Peck, Greencastle, and Richard Peth, Manistee, Mich. These three men were pinned by their brothers, and were honored at a homecoming-initiation banquet along with the other spring initiates on Saturday^
A. LOVELY
FOR A
i| M A- "tfc 'A'
o
Flowers that always give the impression you want to Create . . . .
.635 Main St. Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050