iV
?a,f'’i< ’
Purdue
THURSDAY , ’ April 20, 1939 Mikado To Open Tonight At 7:30 In Fowler Hall Tonight at 7:30 the curtain will rise on the All-Campus production, as the Gilbert and Sullivan musical, “Mikado,” played in swingtime, opens in Eliza Fowler Hall. Curtain time for the performances tomorrow and Saturday has been set for 8 p. m.
A complete list of the cast is as follows:
The Mikado Robert Hartley
Yum-Yum Martha Whitehead ^ r _ . <1. Pitti-Sing Mollie Hardy LO^OOS lO ll63r rOUrtll
Peep-Bo Marjory Williamson Marital Talk At 7 p. m.
Pish-Tush , —Paul Worcester ■ Pooh-Bah Don Pyke Tonight at 7, in the Union womKatisha Arsene Summers en’s lounge Dr. Frances Hannett
Ko-Ko Jim Ashton uled in the marital lecture series.
Supplementing the cast, a chorus The topic of her talk, open to the of 20 dancing feet demonstrate ev- women only, is “The Emotional Side erything from a tap routine atop Marriage, u 11 i oa Dr. Hannett is a member of the the piano to the ballet, and 36 ^ mi.- . . . .1. 4. • „ University of Chicago stair. This voices swing to the strains or “He’s . , „ , tt • Going to Marry Ynm-Yum” and is her first appearance on the Bm-
“My Object All Sublime.”
Some Tickets Left
Contrary to the impression given
by yesterday’s Exponent, the price flll|JluHC’ I lyiivlivU
of “Mikado” tickets has not been
reduced, but 50 cent reserved seat QIaL- IJamA |lici|f||i5| tickets have been placed on sale, T lvl\ IlylllCf only a few of the 75 cent tickets re- ^ mainingimsold. All seats command during a meeting in the Union an unobstructed view of the stage; last night, a recently organized however, the 60 cent tickets are for Sronv of gas-model airplane buildthe balcony and last few rows down- "^s voted to call themselves _ The stairs under the balcony. A num- P’^^due Aero-Modellers A winged ber of these may still be obtained ^"1® for insignia for any of the three nights, accord- submitted to a committee for ing to Bill Yeoman, in charge of modification as to color and size, ticket sales. The model airplane contest sched-
uled for May 14 was also discussed,
f 1 Jl 1 T i A location was not decided on. jf||fj0||fS lO PrOf0$l Several of the members brought
their ships for possible criticism
W' r In FOWlSr Hnll other members. Following a meeting for student Skinner Announces
protest against war, which will be
led by William Lloyd in his talk on DmlAffc “Peace and the New Frontier,” in RIIpJvCiIUI ■ lUJvtlli
Fowler Hall at 11 a. m. today, a
noon-time fast will be held in the Iw ^Ail faculty lounge of the Union. Those III jUII wUiiivI¥SiliUll
taking part in the fast will spend
the noon hour in further discussion Co-operative leseaich projects beof the morning’s topics, and may tween the Soil Conservation Service contribute their lunch money to help and the University Agricultural defray the cost of bringing the Experiment Station on hydrologic speaker here if they wish. The war studies in connection lyith water leferendum and the peace pledge and soil conservation, was anwill be the subjects for discussion, nounced last week by Director J.
H. Skinner of the AgTicultural Ex-
II , ■ 1% C peiiinent Station, union Music KOOm tXllilllt Representing the Soil Conserva-
tion Service in the co-operative re-
Features landscapes By search work on various University
farm in Indiana are Dr. H. N.
Articf fioi^rno Wilclssrh Kohnke and R. B. Hickock, both of Alllil ueuiye fVlldiaUI stationed at the UniOpen to the public until next '’““>‘5'' “n Friday, the art exhibit of George u"<iergrt.duate tiam.ng at Ohio Wilstach, Lafayette, is on display Un.versi^ty and his doctors in the music room of the Union deg. ees from the University o^erBuilding. The exhibit features land- ‘''t University of Alterta. scapes and seascapes, demonstrat- ^ coils teohmcmn for the last five ,, , , .,.4. 4. 4.i,„ years for the SCS at Coshocton, O., ing the unusual ability of the pain- f „ , , 4. , , , 1 1 • 4. 4.1. j 4? „ he will have charge ot soils analyter as he depicts the moods of na- . , . _ , , . , • , , , , ., sis, chemistry, and bacteriological
ture and humanity. ^
studies.
The paintings include all the sea- Study Soil Erosion sons of the year and are framed in Hickok, who was trained at Michrelation to their subject. Hand- Working with the two SCS spemade frames by the artist give a cialists will be Dr. G. D. Scarseth definite aesthetic increase in values, and I. D. Mayer of Purdue. DirecWilstach is a member of the Hoo- tor Skinner, Assistant Director J. sier Salon as well as a full member h. Reed, Prof. A. T. Wiancko ,and of the North Shore Artists of Mas- p^-of. William Aitkenhead will also sachusetts. seive as an advisory committee. Among the many other uses, data rISftS oGinO obtained from this co-operative re- ^ search project is expected to be For May Open House Plans are now in progress for Former Alpha Chi Omega the Purdue University annual “Op^ddlra— id ie„“g i House Mother Succumbs May 5. A general committee in Chalmers Shaffer, of Fort charge of all arrangements was re- ^ayne, whose death occurred Tuescently named by President E. C. El- Rochester, Minn., was the former Miss Hallie Borst, house“Open House” is held primarily mother at the Purdue Alpha Chi to give the general public a chance Omega chapter house during the to see the University actually at school year of 1920-21. work. In the afternoon from 2 to Mrs. Shaffer attended DePauw 4 o’clock the different schools and University and Brenau College for activities will be open for inspec- Women. She became a member of tion. In addition the residence halls Alpha Chi Omega at Brenau. The may be inspected by those who wish body will be taken to Warsaw for to do so. burial.
Exponent
Lafciyette, Indiana
Vbl.50
No. 161
PIA To Award Keys At Annual Banquet; Parkinson To Talk W. Lynn Parkinson, judge of the Lafayette Circuit Court, will be the principal speaker at the annual PIA Banquet at 6:30 p. m. tomorrow in the faculty lounge of the Union. Parkinson has been for years a civic leader of Lafayette. He has appeared on many University programs, including a marital lecture
on March 22.
In addition to Judge Parkinson’s
talk, the banquet program will include the awarding of activity keys to PIA workers and to workers of the Purdue Independent. Other awards will include the Southworth Script Trophy, the Lamb Trophy,
and the H. G. Reisner Cup. Tickets for the banquet, which
will precede the PIA Formal at 9 p. m., are on sale at the PIA oflSce at 60 cents each. Sales will close at 5 p. m. today, according to Dqn Rice, who requests that ticket salesmen turn in money and unsold tick-
ets at that time.
LuthGr PrGSGnts Letfure, Moyig On RubbGr RgcI aiming 1 “Rubber Reclaiming” was the topic of’^S.' G. Luther’s address alt the meeting of the society of Automotive Engineers last night. In his talk he pointed out that in the U. S. alone more than 1,000,000 pounds of rubber are reclaimed each year. Most of this rubber comes from old tires and tubes, some even coming
from old golf balls.
Luther went on to say that this reclaimed rubber is used most in articles in the home and accessories for cars. An American chemist, Arthur Marks developed the process whereby it is made possible to reclaim rubber, and, primarily it is the only source of rubber in the United States. Army officials recently investigated its possibilities for during war time. Following the talk a 30-minute sound film was shown titled “Rub-
ber Reborn.”
FratGrnity Robbed Of $70 Tuesday Eve For the second time in the last few weeks the Tau Epsilon Phi house, 201 Russell street, was broken into and robbed last Tuesday night. According to a spokesman from the house, $70 in cash was tak-
en.
Although police aid has been summoned, there is very little they can do because of lack of evidence. Local police advised the fraternities to be more careful about the locking of their doors and windows.
Bryan Speaks At Last Convo
Mixer Maestro
Dean Hudson and his popular southern swingsters who will play for the regular dollar mixer in the ballroom of the Union Saturday evening from 9 till 12... Hudson played for a mixer here two months ago and since that time has played on the Lyric Theater stage in Indianapolis as well as in Chicago and on other camj^uses.
SAE Members Begin Inspection Trip Today Twenty-five members of the Purdue Student Society of Automotive Engineers will leave this morning for a two day trip to Indiana and Ohio engineering factories. Today they will visit the Warner Gear Company of Muncie and the Perfect Circle Piston Ring Company of Hagerstown. Friday they will move into Ohio to visit the engine laboratories of Wright Field, Dayton. Prof. H. M. Jacklin and A. W. Orr of the mechanical engineering department wifi accompany the students. Glider Club Members Awarded Licenses Three members of the Purdue Glider Club were awarded glider pilot licenses last week at Frankfort, Mich, where 12 members of the club spent their spring vacations in order to gain practice in soaring. The men receiving licenses were Craig Miller, M. E. ’41; Don Caffee, ME ’41; Delbert Booth, Ag ’39. The trip made for the purpose of preparing for the second annual National Soaring Meet which will be held at Frankfort next August, was the first in the history of the club.
Julien Bryan Has Interesting Background 'Writer With Camera; No Typewriter'
By Jim McKee
IA small still camera and a job as ambulance driver in the French army during the world war served as the background for the “foreign correspondent with a camera and no typewriter” life of young Julien Bryan, University convocation entertainer last night. Still a boy, only 17, young Bryan enlisted in the army and was placed in the ambulance corps. He stated the Germans didn’t want war but were the victims of great economic
and social forces.
Since his start he has traveled in most of the countries of the^ world and has obtained “documentary” films from nine countries. . Has Valuable Pictures “If we or any other country should go to,war, I have authentic pictures of German troops, of the French fortifications, Polish ports, and Italian ships. The pictures are
not travelogues.
“But I don’t agree with most cor" respondents who think that war will break out any minute. Hitler is
90 Minutes Of Uncensored Pictures Reread Government Activities In Germany Today Showing his uncensored motion pictures of Nazi Germany for 90 minutes last night Julien Bryan, “foreign correspKindeiit with a camera,” tried to show University students and faculty the underlying reasons for the present governmental set-up in Germany. The convo was the last and largest of the season. Following the lecture proper Bryan held an open forum in which he answered questions of the audience on the possibilities of immediate war, the German internal situation, and the power and strength of the German-American Bund in the United
- I States. President E. C. Elliott introduced Bryan. In his introductory speech Dr. Elliott promised the audience “that without trouble from weather, workers, or materials the new Music Hall will be completed 12 months
from today.”
Germany Trouble Brewing Prior to the motion picture part of the program, cameraman Bryan gave the audience a brief summary of his background and work. “In Germany today Hitler is now brewing a hatred of all races, especially Jews, in the youth of the nation,” said Bryan. To that he was asked of the real strength of the German Bund in the United
States.
“We should watch the Bund,” he said, “but endangering immediate peace more at present are the hundreds of organizations that have sprung up in recent years and have adopted the anti-semetic and other Hitler and Nazi principles. Conaing nearer to your own situation, we must keep these organization out of our American universities. No Immediate War “War is not in the immediate future in my opinion. The time of the war will depend upon any silly whim of Hitler. I don’t believe it will come this year. High Geimian officials have said the same to me. They say that Germany is not ready for war. They don’t have the food and supplies to carry on a major'
war.
“The dangers of an internal revolution are also great. The youth of the nation is largely behind Hitler. But will be when Hitler puts guns and bayonets in the hands of the old men, who vote against him in the last election, that the system will be overthrown,” was his war comment. “If Hitler were killed tomorrow, within the week one of the bloodiest massacres of history would start. The 400,000 Jews, still in Germany, would be killed. Then would come the 300,000 to 400,000 Catholics, Protestants, and political prisoners in concentration camps,” he concluded.
bluffing and won’t go to war for some time yet. Why should he, if he can get what he wants through bluffing?” he asked. But in Germany there is not a wholehearted backing of Hitler. “Hitler has the youth of the nation, but the men of 35 and 40 are against his policies. They were the people that voted against him when he came into power six years ago. Italy Is Weak “If he were to go to war and did not win immediately, it would be these people that would rise up against him. There is definitely internal trouble brewing. “The Rome-Berlin axis I believe is much weaker than most people think. Italy doesn’t really have the strength people think she has. And you can’t be too sure which side she’ll be on when the war breaks
out.
“She might be a great help to Germany in case of a quickly ended war, though,” he said.
Rev. Moseley To Talk At Annual Wesley Foundation Banquet Rev. L. B. Moseley, pastor of the University Baptist Church, Madison, Wis., will address the annual Wesley Foundation banquet in the Home Ec Building tonight at 6 p.m. Seniors to be honored at the banquet for their work in the Foundation are: J. Ludberg, W. D. McEachron, Julia Peek, C. Warner, R. Housekeeper, Alice Breitweiser, Edith Whinery, Marie Byers, E. Smith, Marjorie Rogers, Frances Overstreet, and Gladys Knollman. Additional speakers will be Dr. B. D. Beck, president of the Foundation Board of Trustees; Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, who will discuss the foundation from the University standpoint and Kay Fosbrmk and Bill Harris, who will discuss it from the stand-
point of a student.
Among the guests will be Dr. H. D. Bollinger, national director of the Wesley Foundation. Indiana Co-eds Meet Here April 29 For Symposium Co-eds from various Indiana colleges will come to the campus, Saturday April 29, for a dance symposium sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association. Miss Leah Lucatsky, who directs her own dance studio in Chicago, and who also dances professionally on the stage, will be featured in the day’s
program.
Five colleges, Indiana University, Ball State Teachers College, State Teachers’ College, Butler University, and DePauw University, have already registered for the symposium, and others are expected to register before April 29. All co-eds are cordially invited to attend the various meetings of the symposium, for which there are no entrance requirements. Sigma Nu... . . . social fx’aternity announces the election of the following officers: Donald G. Malcolm, Indianapolis, president; Herbert C. Schryver, Warren, 0., vice president; Morgan L. Miers, Greensburg, treasurer; Harold E. Knight, St. Louis, Mo., secretary; G. Thomas Sollitt, Evanston, 111., house manager; Eugene Laramore, Evanston, 111., reporter; William V. Samms, Indianapolis, chaplain; and Jack C. Elvis, Evanston, 111., sentinel. The following men have been initiated: David L. King, Indianapolis; Robert O. Potter, Winnetka, 111.; Robert W. Anderson, Indianapolis; Jack C. Elvis, Evanston, 111.; Harold E. Knight, St. Louis, Mo.; Eugene Laramore, Evanston, 111.; V, William Samms, Indianapolis; Ralph M. Click, West Lafayette; James R. Jones, Michigan City; and John A. Miller, Chicago, 111.
Alpha Chi Rho
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Willard Gaulke, Hales Corners, Wis., and Henry Bollwinkel, of Ridgefield Park, N. J.
Halstead Wins First In Poster Contest Marybelle Halstead, of Battle Ground, was announced today as the winner of the first prize -in the poster contest sponsored by the Purdue Egg and Baby Chick Show for freshmen in the applied design department. The posters will be used in advertising the annual show to be held here May 4, 5, and 6. The posters were judged by a C(^mmittee composed of Prof W. , Kehlmeyer, of the poultry department; Mrs. Carl Hammer, super- 1 visor of art in the West Lafayette ^ schools, and Prof. L. Schantz-Han-sen, head of the applied design department. William 'Dutch' Fehring To Be Married In Columbus Announcement of the engagement of Miss Hdna Suverkrup odf Columbus, a sophomore at Indiana University, to William P, (Dutch) Fehring, head baseball coach, freshman basketball and an assistant football coach of Prudue, was made recently. The wedding wiU take place hi Columbus the home of both Miss Suverkrup and Fehring, on June 7.■
^dijttfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-aaiuMA,
Thursday# April 20. 1939
WBAA
•THS VOICE or PURDUE”
-Today-
11:00—PTA Program. 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—Tippecanoe County Federation of Clubs. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—-Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:16—Eugene Finegan, violiidst. 1:30—Footnotes on the Headlines Prof. Frank Hall. 1:45—^Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—Kraft Saxophone Quartet. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Daitmouth College’s seven-year-old wood track is considered the fastest indoor foot-race course in the world.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Famous Stage Play — Not a Picture
NEXT SAT., APRIL 22 MAT. and NIGHT
STAGE SUCCESS OF CENTURY
'TOIMO ROAD -u/vih. JOHN BARTON
SEATS NOW! Box Office Open Daily 11:00 a. m. Look at These Prices! NIGHT: $1.65, $1.10, 83c MAT: $1.10, 83c, 55c (All Taxes Included)
Fellows—
To Be Well Dressed You Should Wear a
“TYBEST” TIE
For All Gala Occasions
The fascinating new colors and designs for spring and summer have arrived. Remember —this is the famous tie that ties up into a perfect knot.
55c and $1.00
Exclusive Agent-s
THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY
622-626 Main Street
they do things up right with three beauty queens and the Prom queen cheering the staff!
Did you see that cutie JUNIOR BURNS run around the campus hauling a coolie cart? He makes a cute coolie, right?
couple of days but the whole gang of the Kappas has given out the dope ... so are we slackers ? JUDY PAULOS, Kappa frosh has taken BILL DUNSHEE’s Alpha Chi Rho pm; Surprise, yes?
She thinks that hijacking Is a kind of card game.
Everyone coming up for major office elections this spring have been putting in mileage on that ole pipe line . . , sometimes it works— sometimes it doesn’t!
Of all the dumb co-eds I know The dumbest is Alice Bare She thinks the eternal triangle Is something th,at babies wear. Why she is actually so dumb that she thinks lettuce is a proposition!
-D.P.B.
Question: What is a GOON? Answer: An awkward, goofish, undesirable, imcouth person that you only go out with if you have to. by a kid named joe
Here’s another contrib . . . Co-eds and eds are billing ’n cooing While mom and pop over foul grade are stewing. To who have these sublime relations Don’t forget those examinations.
Yes, Mr. Mathews . . . the girls are sure missing you these days . . still, even if your pin is out it would not be a bad idea to still give the little girls a big break.
While necking and petting are all O. K. You can’t work well both night and day . . . So get your nine hours and forget the woo Or you’ll get yours ... in the neck too! .. . Our buddy.
We wonder why a certain Miss Peggy Brown, of Kenosha, Wis., signed her name as Mrs. J. T. Moore in the Sig Ep guest book during their spring formal this past week-end. Well-1-1-1, POKY, what have you got to say for yourself?
Co-op Houses Fight For Net Trophy In Final Game Tonight
Guess you’re beginning to take the idea of getting a free theatre pass as something besides a joke . . . it’s about time! Here’s a contribution that’s plenty 0. K. Think it deserves a pass? All hail to Gloria Dumbella should be her name
This is really a flash! We were going to keep it under cover for a
The co-operative house basketball championship will be decided at 7:30 o’clock tonight as the Chauncey house team engages the quintet representing the Luma house in the Fieldhouse. These two teams went undefeated through the elimination tournament held earlier in the season and each has beaten the other once in the championship playoffs.
Milwaukee State Teachers College is organizing a reducing class for co-eds who are 20 per cent or more overweight.
See the Debris half-pints still plugging for that magazine that comes out sometime this year . . .
^11 the
nrowERS ^augtenS SEEDS-
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
mmm 4 4r vsaiuu* A M
LAP«iONT
■ and •
kdKAY SUTTON
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS'
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS
Friday, April 21, 7:30 P. M.
Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—Mr. P. M. Allen
Graduate Chalif School, New York City, President Chicago National Association of Dancing Masters.
To Experienced Dancers Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Wednesday, April 26, 7:30 P. M. Latest Dances Taught INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
ALLEN’S
Sth AND FERRY
IrOU’RE IN%
ROSEMARY UNE • STANLEY FIELDS
NABS TODAY - - FRIDAY
««fAT ONCE
mmnWith Confercnce Telephone Service
Y OU’VE probably often wished it were possible to be in several places at once. Today—in effect — it is perfectly simple. Through Telephone Conference Service, up to six telephones (more by special arrangement) can he connected. You and all the others talk together as freely as though face to face. Many are finding this service extremely valuable. It promotes quick interchange of ideas— settles problems—saves time and money. Fitting Bell System service more and more closely to users’ needs makes your telephone in-
creasingly valuable.
ItELL TELE 1*11 ONI
m is
fE SYSTEM'
Starts TODAY
umnfiSTU
BEATEN BY LIFE;f TRICKED BY EATEl^DESERTED B?; Al£«!
Yet the fighting spirit of America throbbed in his soul and he wouldn’t quit... until he won out!
SPIRITS CULVER
with TIM HOLT • HENRY HULL ANDY DEVINE * GENE REYNOLDS WAITER TETIEY • KATHRYN KANE JACKIE MORAN
CE Senior Receives
Schoiarship Awarci
Frederick Farr, Hamilton, 0., a senior in the CE school, hfis just been awarded a scholarship for the 1939-40 academic year at Harvard. The award will make possible the completion of Farr’s master’s degree in sanitary engineering. Farr has the highest scholastic index of any senior civil engineer, he is president of the Purdue chapter of Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, and is also a member of Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary.
A Dad Vail Intercollegiate Rowing Association has been formed to honor the famed University of Wisconsin crew coach.
NOW SHOWING
B!6\ great as W'f"
Life rontance of the world'* greatest ddticersi Glamorous yesterday I Haunting tunes that taught hearts to love Different! Magnificently dramatic I Gloriously gayl
I MAY OLIVER . WALTER BRENNAN Lew Fields • Etienne Girardot Janet Beecher
Golden girl—elftod boy from homo toDsllrooml
-they brought women
Also DONALD DUCK CARTOON
UMA
Today-Friday-Saturday
2 FIRST RUN HITS
— PLUS-
DOUBLE ACTION! DOUBLE RIDING! DOUBLE FIGHTING!
20c to 6 then 10-20-25c
t I
V if-Thursday^ April 20> 1939
TOE PURDUE
§hf^tAi.
EXPONENT
Fehringmen Cross Bats With Chicago Tomorrow, Saturday Fresh from Tuesday’s 4 to 1 victory over Iowa’s Hawkeyes at Iowa City, la., Coach Dutch Fehring’s hustling baseball squad will make its first home appearance of the season as it meets the veteran Chicago Maroons here tomorrow anti Saturday. Boilermaker baseball fans, who were thwarted by the weatherman last Saturday on the occasion of the ill-fated Pittsburgh encotmter, will get their first opportunity to see the Purdue squad in action. Boasting a veteran combination with a pitching staff that has been materially bolstered by outstanding newcomers, xhe Maroon nine is expected to offer serious opposition to
Indiana State Drops Boilermaker Tennis Contingent
Jackson Takes Boilermakers' Lone Victory As Handicapped Team Loses Years Opener
the Boilermaker hopes of remaining on the victory road. The Maroons and Boilermaker split even last year, each team winning one
game.
With Arnold Bredewater’s hurling arm a questionable quantity, Fehring indicated last night that the pitching assignment for Friday’s opener will -go to either Homer Warner or Dick Wargo, and that Bob Bailey, outstanding sopho'more who turned in a brilliant hurling performance to limit Iowa to three hits, will be sent against the Maroons on Saturday. Felix Mackiewicz, veteran third baseman who had a perfect day at bat in the Iowa game, drawing two singles and two walks in four trips to the plate, has been assigned the cleanup positiop.
Intramural Schedule
SEE YOUR DENTIST TWICE A YEAR
Notice the great supply of snow white clean towels he uses. We supply doctors, dentists, chiropractors, chiropodists with linen regularly. WHY BUY ^ WE SUPPLY
They'll Melt in Your Mouth
Doughnuts so good you'll wish they didn't have a hole so you would have just one more magnificent mouthful. They're light as a cloud and topped with a flaky powder of special sugar. Good? They're terrific.
Graves QUALmr Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC*
R. C. EISENBACH
Everything for ■ College Eckication
jeweler and Optometrist
H. G. REISNER
504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119VfiVine West Lefayetto Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door loeks, dsak locks, night latches and padleoks. Auto keys a specialty. BIcyclesi, ac--essorles and rapairmg. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N, 5th St. Fhana 2I2B
• Printing
RINTING
liUDOIN SERVICi
^Office Stationery.,
^N'eddlng Invilallont! Mci Dooki, Etc..
a63t CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
P
By Robert J. Deckard
Condition and the length of the training period were the prime factors of the Boilermaker-Indiana State tennis match yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse, where the State squad', already having reached mid-season form, do'wned its hosts, who had only nine days of curtailed practiced, Boilermaker seeded number one
man, David Blitz opened the five hour racquet session with a first set win, but handicapped by the brevity of the training period, faded away before the versatile ^hots and maneuvers of State’s Churchill who garnered the match, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4. Tom Jackson Riveter number two man, through a steady barrage of back court shots to Indiana State’s Leek’s poor backhand, won Purdue’s
only match, 6-2, 6-4. Hebbeler Impressive
Displaying a powerful service and consistent floor work, Kigin of Indiana State took Fuente, who was playing an erratic game into camp in two hard fought matches, 6-3,
7-6.
Jim Hebbeler, who played his first varsity game for Purdue' yesterday, was the attraction of the doubles match. Booming his service over the net to check State’s victory stride in the second set with the cooperation of Blitz’ good floor work, nevertheless he failed to stem the tide of the down-staters in the deciding set. The scores in favor of Indiana State were 6-2, 4-6, 6-4.
Crown Prince Olav of Norway is to deliver the commencement address at Concordia College (Moorhead, Minnesota).
Committee Lists Class'B'All Star Basketball Team After tabulating the results of the selections as handed in by the intramural basketball managers, the intramural department announced the all-star fraternity and ward “Class B” basketball team last evening. Since no single organization placed more than one man on the squad, it represents the widespread stiength of the teams competing in this intramural sport.
The squad includes:
Forward—M. Carter, Kappa Sigma. Foi’ward—A. Evers, Phi Kappa
Sigma.
Forward—D. Elder, Waid 10 Center—H. Kashner, Phi Kappa
Tau.
Center—C. Gordon, Ward 12-A. Guard—J. Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon Guard—^A. Hastings, Phi Delta Theta. Guard—H. McKinney, Ward 2-B.
QnJbwdimmj^ Frosted Malte
(the drink you eat with a spoon) And featuring our own brand of ice cream, frozen fresh daily in our Mills Master Freezer. WE MAKE IT TODAY YOU EAT IT TODAY Choice Selection of favors^at Popular Prices STOP IN TO SEE US ED KESSNER BILL RANDOLPH
FREE-FROSTED MALT When you present this coupon, today only, you can purchase one of our TASTY FROSTED MALTS FOR lOc, and the second FROSTED MALT IS FREE. They are pure and fresh; Made and drawn immediately from our freezer.
THE FROSTED MALT SHOP
623 MAIN STREET
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices. CROWN LAUNDRY
WARD BASEBALLr-TODAV
Diamond
1— Ward 2-A vs Ward 10 2— Ward 1 vs Ward 10-X 3— Ward 2 vs Ward 3 4— Ward 7 vs Ward 14 6—Ward 7-G vs Ward 12-A 6— Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 4 7— Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 7 8— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 1 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10 10—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 6.
ClassiHed Ads
MISCBLLANEQUS
TYPEWRITERS, all malces, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New po^ble machines ds low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main RADIO SERVICE—For guaranteed reliable work call 46273 Herb Webb.
MEMBERSHIP—And admission tickets, cards, printed stationery, programs, ballots, office and social forms, etc. Kane’s Print Shop Phone 6206. 401 S 29th St
WALL WASHING—Paper hanging interior and exterior painting. Phone 66674.
PAPER HANGING—Painting, wall washing Phone 71864 or 46922
Inclement Weatimr Causes Inter-Squad Tilt To Be Called Off By J. F. Adamson Hampered by the cold weather and sloppy conditions, the Boilermaker football squad yesterday skidded and slid their way through a muddy practice session in preparation for the coming intersquad games, called off until more favorable weather was evident. Because of the wet ball and slippery underfooting, Coach Mai Elward laid emphasis of yesterday’s drill on running plays. Time and time again runners would get out into the clear only to lose their feet in the mucky sod and slide to a stop ■with very little help from the tacklers. Handling of the ball was made even more difficult by the slim layer of Indiana ooze that covered the pigskin and lesulted in a great number of fumbles in the backfield.
Christian Fellowship Hour • Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, April 20, at 7i30 p m All students are cordially invited ' —BURBKINK.
Notices
Agriculturist Staff" Meeting of all members of the new editorial staff including departmental editors, editorial assistants, and assistant editors in the Agriculturist office at 7 30 p m , Friday, April 21 —BURBRINK.
Horseback Riding: There will be no classes in riding held this Thursday April 20 All classes will meet as usual however, the following week —CASE WAA. Membeis wishing to go on dunes trip Saturday, April 29 and Sunday, April 30 sign up on the WAA bulletin board befoie Saturday noon, April 22 —WARD
Exponent Board. Due to conflict with, the convocation the meetings originally scheduled for Wednesday night have been postponed until Thursday, April 20 Seniors will meet Thursday at 4 p m. and juniors will meet at 4 30 p m —STANBACK.
Flying Cadets—The examining board will definitely be here to conduct the examination on April 24 , any additional dates wil£ be announced later. —MORSE
WAA Archery: Open practice Thursday, April 20 at 4 p m Regular archery practice will be Monday and Tuesday of each week —MOREHOUSE. Jumor Girls on WSGA Executive Board: Please usher at the- mantal lecture tonight, April 20, at 7 p m —SEXTON PIA Members: All members who received questionnaires are asked to return them promptly to the Activities Bureau box at the west desk of the Union (4-22) —LUTZ
Skull and Crescent: There will be a meeting of all Skull and Crescent members and pledges in the Stadium Thursday, April 20 at 7 30 p m —COLQUHOUN.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting, Thursday, April 20 at 7 30 p m in the Union office. . —SUMMERS.
Bridge Tournament: Tournament will be next Wednesday, April 26, not today —WILLIAMSON.
Trapshooters: Will all those interested in trapshooting please get in touch with me as soon as possible at 4031 (4-21) —COOPER.
Wesley Foundation: Students who do not attend the banquet Friday, April 21, are invited to come flee for the program at 7 o clock —McFADDEN
WAA Tennis Please sign up for intramural, class, and student-faculty tennis tournaments in the Women’s Gym, by Monday, April 24 —MATHER
Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds will not be played until Wednesday, April 26 It IS necessary for all who played m the tournament last week to play again m the second round to qualify for the semifinals —BORN.
Modern Dance Group Practice Thursday, April 20, at 4 p m m the Gym —HICKMAN.
Scrivener Subscribers: The following subsciibers call at the Senvener office any afternoon at 4 o’clock and receive their copies of the April issue Buck, Zinsmeister^ Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Horwitz, Schnaible Shock, Schafer, Geistung, Kaplan (4-20) —PAARLBERG.
Surveying: Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p m Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22, in room 102, CE Building —LOMMEL.
You can count on a s'well crowd of congenial student fellow-travelers, of course. For these fine ships of Holland rate first choice for pleasant accommodations, shipboard fun on deck or dance floor—and for food that makes you wish the voyage were longer I [* STCA means either Student Tounst Class or Student Third Class Association) TO ENGLAND, FRANCE AND HOLLAND FROM NEW YORK STATENDAM,Iune2.22; JulylS VEENDAM ..... Tune 17 ZAANDAM (newlMunelOiJulyS NOORDAM (new)* i .June 24; NIEUW AMSTERDAM. June 13; ^2 July 3,25 VOLENDAM . . i k i iJulyl
To Rotterdam only, Tounst Class Exclusively
TOtJRlST CLASS ROUND TRIP
*257
.00
THIRD CLASS ROUND TRIP
*176
.00 up
See your local travel agent or write STCA Department HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE, 318 N. Michigan AvOu Chicogo. HL
mi
1
WHEN YOU ATTENDThe “MIKADO
Please notice the best dressed men in the audience, you can be sure they are outfitted by Guliion's • Society Brand Suits • Arrow Shirts
’^juUioniL. INC.
WEST LAFAYETTE
MARVIN SMITH, Sci 42 , who plays the part of Nanki Pooh in the Mikado Nanki Pooh IS a second rate trombone player in a third rate band
ALBERT P STEWART, musical director of "The Mikado" who with H Kenn Carmichael, dramatics director, produced the show of the year
Congratulations FOR THE Success OF THE SEASON We can think of two 'good ways to relaXf • See the “MIKADO” • Read from our selection of the latest books.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
We W6uld Like To Shake Your
\\
THE MIKADO
n
Hand
for the successful musicals you have put on in the past, and take this means to congratulate the entire cast for the fine performance of the "Mikado". Ride the Street Cars fare 5c free transfer LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY, INC.
"The Mikado," a Gilbert and Sullivan musical comedy, is packed full of unforgettable music and a carload of laughs. Ko-Ko, the Lord High Executioner, must produce a corpus delecti in a month or be decapitated himself. Ko-Ko is also to take Yum-Yum, his ward, as his bride, but Nanki-Pooh, a wandering minstrel, captures the heart of the japanese maiden. Nanki-Pooh contemplates suicide — in Japan suicide is a capital punishment—but is persuaded to be Ko-Ko's corpus delecti if he can marry Yum-Yum for thirty days. Yum-Yum decides to become a career woman when she learns that the wife of an executed man must be buried alive. "The Mikado" plunges on to an exciting finish displaying a finale you will remember for years to come.
It Pays to • See the “MIKADO" • Patronize A Reliable Dealer You'll find the shoe you want in this selection of individually styled models of selected calf known for its wearing qualities. The new spring styles are in.
ABC SHOE CO.
PfKXJL iVovcesTe-^ 0 Ag '39' handles the role of Pooh-Bah, Lord High Everything Else
Congratulations to both Cast and Producers
The "Mikado" promises to be one of the most popular productions of the season. The past campus musicals have always been tops, so we'll see you there.
Peter Anderson Company
525 ALABAMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
Xake a Cab for the ‘^MIKADO’’ Regardless of the weather Be Comfortable in a
MARTHA WHITEHEAD Home Ec '39', will be seen as Yum-Yum ward to Ko Ko, Lord High Executioner
5023 YELLOW CAB 3071