J' A' ^ 1 ^ » iHX ^ V ^ -I ^ J J
>5 S’i,
■J *4 J'
/ \- ^ %<!
A
A
ir
i
»
M-From All Frontl—i^ii Today's Summary Of War News
to Chi<s««o Daily New* Porejgn < Serrke. OoM«I>M> Chkagtf Daily Mewt, In«i • Ivacuate 45,000 British Forty-five thousand of the 6<J,000 British tiroops s^nt fo Greecd have been evacuated safely, according to reports which a London dispatch says are reliable. About 3,000 British were listed as killed or -wounded. * * m • Naxis Reach South Greece German motorized forces have reached the southern pofts of Greece,'capturing 6,000 British, including a general, the high commander asserted in Berlin. It was added that oft the south coast of England another 44,766 toils of shipping have been destroyed. * >ft * • Moscow Reports Kiteflying! “Moscow reports that the Germans have landed 12,000 troops with equipment at Turku, Finland, are generally interpreted here as some strange kind of Russian kite--flying and are not taken very seriously,” cables William H. Stoneman from London. >)< i|! >!• • Russia Forbids Munitions Transit of war materials through Russia has been forbidden since March 18, it was said in Moscow. Observers in London and elsewhere differed as to the true significance of the move, but it was said to be “loaded with potentialities.” Id Hi * • Germans Bomb Plymouth The British port of Plymouth was bombed anew Tuesday night. Lady Astor, American-born wife of the mayor, sent a cable, which was heavily censored, to the British War Relief in this country, ending in “S 0 S.” * * * • China Receives FDR's Son “Capt. Jimmy Roosevelt, with his infectuQus smile and genial manner in winning friends wherever he goes, IS here in the capital of free China,” radios A. T. Steele from Chungking. * * * • Ban Jews From Public Office “Three moie categories of government officials are added to those included in the Oct. 18 law which deprived the Jews of the right to exercise virtually every important public function in France,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. All Seniors Allowed At Baccalaureate, Wikel Announces Regardless of whether they are giaduating in June or not, all students with senior classification will be allowed to participate in the baccalaureate exercises at 2:30 o’clock Sunday afternoon and in the commencement exercise Sunday, June 8, if they wish to do so, according to H. H. Wikel, chairman of the committee in charge. Those seniors who do not expect to graduate but wish to httend these exercises should report their intention to take part in the baccalaureate at the Registrar’s office by 10 o’clock Saturday morning. Caps and gowns must be supplied by themselves and these students will march as one group apd not with their respective schools.
Volume 52» No.
West Ledoyette* liidiUncf
Thursday# May 1# 1941
Ade’s ‘College
M.E.Chase To Speak Tonight
Students To Receive Achievement Prizes Over three hundred persons will attend the annual University literary banquet at 6 o’clock tonight in the South ballroom of the Union Mary Ellen Chase, noted authoress and the principal speaker, will talk on “Some Standards of Judging Literature.” President E. C. Elliott will serve as toastmaster. Awards for student literary achievements will be presented after the dinner. Mary Ellen Chase is a native New Englander. She was born in Maine and took her undergraduate work at the University of Maine. She served on the University of Minnesota faculty after taking graduate work there, and later became interested in experimental schools teaching in many of them including the. Hillside School in Wisconsin. She is now Professor of English at Smith College. Noted Author Miss Chase has written several novels of which “Silas Crockett” and “Mary Peters” are probably the best known. She is widely known in the Mid-west because of her two autobiographies, “A Good Heritage” and “A Goodly Fellowship.” The latter, recently published, deals with her teaching experiences. William H. Winterrowd awards of ~^I00 and $36 will be given i;o"thetwo seniors who have the best collections of books. Four freshmen will receive Merriam-Webster dictionaries for having the largest vocabularies in their English sections. In addition to these awards, prizes in the form of cups and cash will be given for the best student plays, poems, essays, and short stories. The banquet is open to the public and tickets can still be obtained today for 76 cents at the Union desk and at the English office in University Hall. All persons who are unable to attend the dinner are invited to come in without charge after dinner and hear the program. Governor Schridker has be4n asked to attend. Donors of the various awards will also be present, p.g.h. Flying Club Plane Noses Over; Student Pilot Unhurt The Flying Club airplane was damaged early yesterday morning, when a student pilot nosed over while practicing landings. Maurice Bernhard, a member of the club, was piloting the ship. As he came in for a landing, the plane skidded in the wet grass, hit an obstacle, and nosed over. Bernhard emerged from accident unhurt.
Loebs, Fashion, Carl's Will Give PrizesFor Best Dressed Co-eds
By Mary Kay Miller Women take the limelight today as the Best Dressed Contest gets well under way. Five co-eds will be chosen soon, along with five men to lepresent the campus as its best dressed students. Here is the announcement you co-eds have been waiting for. What kind of prizes are the lucky five going to get ? Just read these descriptions. Loeb’s has given a pair of Gotham gold' striped three thread silk hose. Carl’s Shoe store offers a large white handbag with red, blue, yellow and green stitched designs. Ah, one can almost smell that lovely odor of “Flippant” cologne by Lucien Lelong offered to some lucky girl. Our call to colors influenced this gorgeous loose pow-
der compact m a design of red, white and blue. The Big Ten That gives you an idea of what the winners have in store fdr them, besides the knowledge that they will be known as the ten best dressed people on campus. The names of well dressed men have been coming in thick and fast, but the co-eds seem to be more bashful or coy. This is no time for either, because the winners must be chosen soon and it is impossible for the judges to know who the five are if someone doesn’t turn in the names of their friends who are well dressed. Drop those co-eds’ and men’s names in the Exponent box at the west desk of thq Union today.
Mary Ellen Chase
Gala Week Arrival Presents Program Packed With Events The University Gala Week progiam will start to gather momentum today with the initial staging, of George Ade’s “College Widow” and the annual literary dinner to be addressed by Mary Ellen Chase, - noted contemporary writer, scheduled to provide tonight’s climax of_ preliminary events which have atti acted alumni and former students from coast to coast for the annual reunions. The comprehensive program, which will continue through the Baccalaureate Services on Sunday to be addressed by Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese ambassador to the United States, will be in full swing tomorlow. The University will be on “diess parade” tomorrow afternoon and evening for the annual Open House which is expected to attract a host pf high school students in addition to returning alumni and the general public. The afternoon program for Open Hoqse will be given over largely to exhibits and demonstrations in the agricultural, home economics, and science buildings as well as at the men’s and women’s gymnasiums, library, locomotive museum, residence halls. Armory, and airport. During the evening, the spotlight will shift to the engineering, chemistry, pharmacy, and physics buildings, which will stage special exhibits and demonstrations. Special pr^rams are also planned at- the armory, fieldhouse, and women’s gymnasium. Pounder’s Day Ceremony A luncheon and the annual meeting of the Purdue Alumni Association Saturday will be followed by the traditional Pounder’s Day ceremony, including firing of a 72-gun salute, placement of a wreath on John Purdue’s grave by the class of 1916, and the raising of the 1941^ class flag. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the alumni will form by classes for a parade which will wend its way over the campus to the Ross-Ade stadium for the spring football finale between the Golds and the Blacks. Dr. Strauss Will Discuss Hygiene With Freshmen Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, woman physician from Chicago, will be on the campus to talk to the freshmen hygiene classes on social hygiene this week, and will be available for personal confereUces With 'women Students by appointment or at 4 p.m. Friday, May 2nd, in the Women’s gymnasium. ”
South Americans Need U S Support In Ship Seizures Washingfon Stand May' Prevent Axis Reprisals By Allen Haden SPECIAL CORKESPONDENCB To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright 1941 Chicago Daily News, Inc Buenos Aires, April 20. — (By Clipper)—On Washington depends whether South America will be defended against Axis reprisals for recent seizures of Axis ships rotting in port, and on Washington also depends whether the British will allow the ships to sail under neutral South American flags. Uruguary’s reference of the whole ship-seizure question to the IntelAmerican consulative committee at Washington is an open call on the United States to lesolve within - Pan-Amfrican forms a problem bigger than any Latin republic can cope with alone. British Block Ship Use Great Britain is the principal stumbling block to putting into service the 230 Axis and miscellaneous __idle ships. These totah over 1,000,000 tons, according to Maritime Commission figures. Great Britain claims under international law that a belhgei ent vessel cannot be transferred to a neutral flag while the war IS on. And the southern republics fear she will stop the ships when they leave port. Axis objection derives simply from an unwillingness to be depiived of property. Danish, German and Italian owners, however, would not lose by the Uruguayan proposal that provides for compensation and return of the ships after the war unless purchased. ReprisaLThreat In that connection El Pamperoj violently pro-Nazi newspaper of Buenos Aires, struck the Axis keynote when it warned that, if Axis ships were seized, the day of reckoning would come after the war. Great Britain’s refusal to let the Axis ships- out of South American ports rests on three practical reasons: Fitst, if the ships pass to a neutral, the British lose a prize of war on winning; second, the British don’t want Axis war chests swelled by any payments; and third, they don’t want any new complications with these ships sailing under neutral South American flags trying to trade with Europe through the blockade. Visitors May inspect Boii^aker Special Students as well as Gala Week visitors will be permitted a close-j up of the mechanical mascot “Boilermaker Special” when it comes out on exhibit Friday afternoon and Saturday. The car will be exhibited in the enclosed driveway between the Union amf library beginning at noon Friday and again at 9 a, m. Saturday. It is tentatively scheduled t6 have the mascot along With the victory bell participate in the class parade to Ross-Ade stadium Saturday afternoon. Senior members of Gimlet, Reanfier, and Gold Pepper booster. clubs will also take part. Souvenior picture - postcards of the mascot are being made and wifi! be on sale to the general public, ib was also announced. l.w.a.
Opens Tonight Passports Will Admit Students To First Show By Virginia Barson George Ade’s “College Widow” is playing tonight at 8 in the Hall of Music—playing free to every student who has a passport and wants to see the play i^at made Ade famous and enjoyed a record run starting bacK in 1905. Portraying the campus life of 35 years ago in front of a 40 by 60 foot backdrop designed by John T. McCutcheon, Purdue ’89, and complete with ‘one brick higher’ Heavilon Hall and the old Ladies’ Hall, “College Widow” incorporates 'atli;he traditions and spirit of Ade’s alma mater. '
Alberta Schmadel Dale Butz Wins Speech Contest Dale Butz, freshman, from Al^ha Gamma Rho fraterttf^r wa^ awarded the medal for fisH^^pIace for his speech on “More Money from Hogs” at the finals of the Alpha Zeta speech contest for Agricultural step, dents held in the Union building last evening. To Alpha Gamma itho went the Alpha Zeta speech cup. The medal for second place Was won by Russell Hardin, sophomore, who spoke on “Uses of Fertilizers and Hybrid Seed Corn to l^nefit the Faimer.” .. CO-ED HOURS • Beginning May 1 all freshmen women will observe uppercl^^ hours. Hours are 11 o’clock on day, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday nights with 1 o’clock on Friday, and Saturday nights.
Three thousand dollars has been put into this production, which will be repeated Saturday night for Gala Week visitors, with tickets at one dollar and all seats reserved. Marjorie Williamson is the “College Widow” tonight, using her' chaims m an effort to secure gridiron victoiy for the old Gold and Black of the gi-idiron against, of course, lU. Billy Bolton, half-back played by John Mingle, is the willing victim she induces to play with the Boilermakers. Orating with all the dignity of a true college prexy, J. Henry Amt, takes the part of Peter Witherspoon, A. M., Ph. D. and all, in the production. All the other campus types of 1905 are there, too. There’s a “reliable chapeion,” Mrs. Primly Dalzelle, played by Alberta Schmadel; a Monon Shops center, portrayed by N. M^ Levinson; and an athletic girl, Bessie Tanner, played by Bdtty Wedge. Music, lacking in the original presentation, has been added this production by A1 Stewart. One of the highlights of the evening is Carolyn Wood’s rendition of “Heaven Will Protect the Working Girl.” “Fighting For Purdue,” a song for which Ade wrote the words when he was in school, is revived for tonight’s show. The band comes through AVith a beautifully corny version of “Indiana” to climax the musical side of the production. Costumes that dazzle with their reds, oranges, blues, and green accent the play throughout. Full leg o^ mutton sleeves and bustles characterize the feminine attire of*the period which has been faithfully recreated tonight. Firral Bfxrfrfets ^ Final e^icamniation booMets sKH available for fifty cents at the cashier’s office in the Executive fiuKdifig- are Science, all four years; Mechanical Elngineering, JifiiioiL and senidr years; and Agrkulfitire, freshman and sopfiomord ydiba together with freshman Forestry courses, according to an announcement received from Student Senate officials yesterday.
Future Looks Brighter For This Year's Graduates; 78% Of The Seniors Have Jobs
By Bob Skallerup If the aripy doesn’t take you, industry wants you. And the 21 a month bogey is getting smaller and smaller. OPM’s Sidney Hillman is beginning fb appreciate his engineers. Jobs are pleivtiful. Right now, with more than a month of school lemaining, only 102 men axe' still seeking positions. And; a number of these have offers which they have not as yet accepted. Last year,, Jund when all the shoutihg waS^ over and the last sh.ee|iskin was its way to the framor, 140 men wereout in the cold with no place to repoit on Monday morningsT If you like percentages, 78 per cent are already taken from this year’s class as against 70 per cent from last year’s class at the time of graduation. Stipends Soar . Money is plentiful too. The average starting wage-has jumped from
127 to 136 dollars. Breaking this down into schools we find tkfi Civils hauling down a nice 144 average,^ Chems making 137, EE’s making 132, MB’s valued at 136, and the PSE’s shaking the money bush, for 130. To date this year, 158 eomi^mks and the army and navy haya bad representaives here in seai^ of men. The service has clawed 126 men, and the 188 compsmlys have taken roughly twiee that iminy. Science Jobs Upi Things look good for the Science ^aduates, too. Of the 78 that will graduate, 43 are ahreadr e«|ipieyed, 63 pencent now have |obs as agsinst 42 per cent last Jane. Average starting salary has jumped from 112 tomThat’s the way things look, md by June they may look better. Now is a good time to start paddlii^i; your own.fiaqtL 2-SpoJdA,
Thursday, May 1, 1941 fijUJldUS^ £xpOtlJinL
Large Field Of Swimmers Enter Annual Galacade; Many New Records Assured A deluge of entries which swelled the entry list to 110 swimmers was received yesterday by Coach Dick Papenguth for the Galacade water show, which will be presented before Gala Week visitors tomorrow night in the Fieldhouse swimming pool. With the receiving of 38 late entries, the list of contestants leaped to a new high in the history of the Galacade, and the show promises to outdo any water event ever held on the campus. Tickets for the two-hour exhibi-
tion will be placed on sale at the door tomorrow night for 40 cents, with no seat reservations being sold prior to that time. Starting promptly at 8 o’clock, the event will be the lone sporting event scheduled for Gala visitors tomorrow night. Hither And Yon Tank stars from four states and
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASSES TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & FERRY
TWO FIRST RUN HITS —TODAY - FRI. - SAT.—
VMltri tiaf li •itartuiMit
ftP-ME ftUtgV
Watch him bias*' the biggest spy plo* in years*
KexHaitisOT
r V
SMILEY BURNETTE MARY III • EDWARD MORRIS
with KAREN VERNE
TODM - FRIDAV
ir$ ittiiMTi It's SUHKYI wHi SAROKGS nai SORBS! isamou Imuous. Kovut^Md WAH *MMO to ttMOAPOat*
- f How Playing 3 More Days
umMem
Diamondmen Face lU Here Tomorrow -r iM Schedules Bollermakers Seek Second Big Ten Yidory
in First Conference Start On Home Grounds
14 athletic clubs will participate in the Galacade. Among the cities represented are St. Louis, Chicago, Louisville, Indianapolis, and others, mostly in Indiana. A former Boilermaker student who is now enrolled at Butler, Betty Bemis, headlines the list of femihine performers. Last week Betty established a new record in winning the women’s national 220 yard free style championship. Another young lady, Joan Fogle, who frequently joins Betty on record-breaking excursions, is among the entries. Only two weeks ago Joan set a new national mark in a back stroke event. Both girls share their abilities between two strokes, free style and back stroke. Dozen Riveters Coach Papenguth will send about a dozen Riveters into the show, some of which are frosh.
irishnaii’s
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
— AND-
with RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
COMING SOON MARS
BASEBALL Thursday, May 1 Diamond 1. Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 2. Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Phi 3. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Chi 4. Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Delta Theta 6. Phi Kappa Tau vs Lambda Chi Alpha 6. Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7. Phi Kappa Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho 8. Sigma Pi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8. Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Gamma
Rho
Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Kappa Lambda
10.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan After watching football practice last night or late yesterday afternoon, we feel certain that the football game this Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium will certainly be something to watch' from the standpoint of a dog-fight. —I-I— We get the above notion from the rather apparent visual signs of physical and mental equality of the two squads that Mai Elward has chosen to face each Other Saturday, one wearing black and the other gold jerseys. —I-I— When you have good men about four and five deep for every position, you can really get into a dogmatic battle with an intra-squad contest, as he who survives plays first string next fall—at least for the Vanderbilt fracas. —I-I— This Friday and Saturday marks the appearance of another Indiana athletic squad, the Hoosier baseball team, in Lafayette. This series is as vigorously fought each semester as the Brooklyn-Giant series of the East pro loop. Indiana has tasted a walloping and administered a similar shellacking to Illinois University this season. —I-I— So if we beat the Hoosiers both Friday and Saturday, we can obtain some rationalism from the II-
TENNIS Thursday, May 1 4 :00 p. m. Class A Doubles Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Tau Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Theta Chi Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Chi Rho
Teh-yao Wu, Chinese student at Hamilton college, has started a drive for funds to supply textbooks for Christian colleges in China.
We Are Now Restoring, the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole \Yheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
NaiII
HELD OVER THROUGH SATURDAY
YOU'LL ROAR AT THIS GAY HIT! TNERrS THE DEVIL TO PAY when Miss Jones starts rafsiiig . Cafail
Robert Charles CUMMINGS • COBURN EDMUND GWENN • SPRING SYIN6TON I. Z. SAKAll • WIUIAM DEMAREST Producid by PRANK ROSS WrittM by NORMAN KRASNA DlrMtad by SAM WOOD — ADDED — MARCH OF TIME'S LABOR and DEFENSE
With eleven victories to their credit in 16 starts the Gold and Black Diamond squad is scheduled to face its first conference foe on home ground tomorrow afternoon. As competition Dutch Fehring’s ball club will come against an Indiana team who thus far this season has won three out of its six confer-
ence encounters.
Unless something unfortold occurs, Don Blanken will take over
Class B Doubles Triangle vs Delta Chi Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu Kappa Sigma vs Kappa Delta Rho Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Phi 4:46 p. m. All-Campus Tennis T. L. Heller vs R. E. Lange H. C. Lafferty vs M. J. Gardner J. A. Anthony vs D. M. Collins R. W. Cochran vs A. L. Myers Alex Lengo vs J. G. Dean J. H. Marshall vs C. Lynch W. Niese vs W. B. Aglcr L. E. Fleck vs R. A. Kuntz
lini defeat suffered last week at Champaign, the place where John Janisch pitched so well in the relief role. —I-I— Speaking of pitching for Purdue, have you ever stopped to look at the score by innings afid hits the opposition have been able to collect off the hurling of John Emmert? Emmert hasn’t started more than one game, but the games and innings John have worked place him head and shoulders above all the rest of Purdue’s mound staff. John is really throwing the leather when he’s working, and he’s yet to have his ears pinned back this season. Fehring thinks that John is just about as reliable a hurler as any coach could wish for, especially in a crisis. —I-I— Still in baseball, we find that the leading hitters of the conference are Harms, Michigan catcher, with a batting average of .625, and Dunagan, Iowa shortstop, also with a .626; both have played 2 games. - -
Tennis Team Beats Indiana State, 7-0, At Terre Haute Terre Haute, Ind., April 30.— (Special to the Purdue Exponent) —It was three in a row here today for Larry LaBree’s high-flying tennis team as they buried Indiana State Normal College under a 7-0 avalanche. In beating the Teachers the Riveters made it three wins in four days and the first shutout win
of the season.
Some Changes Made Coach LaBree tried something of an experiment on his squad by shifting Captain Bob Anderson and Ray Lucht, Ordinarily his number one and two men, into the three and four spots and moved Dick Stettner and Gus Armstroi^g up two notches each. Since there will be little time for practice the remainder of the week, Larry wanted to see what the lads could do under unfamiliar cir-
cumstances.
Ray Lucht played another three set match and met the toughest man the Normal lads offered Vhen he dropped Cottom, 2-6, 6-2, 7-6. Ray did not play in the doubles, but watched from the sidelines as Fred Richards and Bob Anderson downed Cottom and Bosonetto, 6-2, 6-1. Courts In Good Shape According to LaBree the courts at Terre Haute were in excellent condition and were conducive to good tennis. The boys from the southern part of the state have no regular coach and are handled by Captain Bob Kigin and Cottam. In former years they have had good teams at State, but since the departure of Frank Grove their fortunes have taken a downward swing. Hank Bennett, a colored boy, played a lot of tennis and showed good sportsmanship. The clay used on the courts was shipped directly from Germany before the outset of World War II. The summary is as follows: Sincrles: Stettner (P) defeated Kigin (IN) 6-1, 6-8; Armstrong (P) defeated Bennett (IN) 6-2, 6-1: Anderson (P) defeated Bosonetto (IN) §-l, £-0; Lucht (P) defeated Cottom (IN) 2-6, 6-2, 7-5; Richards (P) defeated Fouty (IN) 6-2, 7-6. Doubles: Sthttner and Armstrong (P) defeated Kigin and Duenweg (IN) 6-1, I-ff; Anderson and Richards (P) defeated Cottom and Bosonetto (IN) 6-2, 6-1.
the mound duties for the Boilermakers in Friday’s encounter. Thus far this season Blanken has been the only Riveter hurler who has been able to chalk up a victory over a Western Conference foei Last Saturday Blanken lead his teammates to victory over a tough Illini combination. Janisch On Hill John Janisch is thfe Boilermaker pitcher scheduled to handle the hurling duties in the second game of the series which is to start at 10 o’clock Saturday morning. Blanken will probably see action at first in Saturday’s game and several changes will be seen in the outfield in order to take care of the vacancy left in Janisch’s garden post. McFerren Hurt Uncertainty in line-ups for both games is brought about by the wrist injury received by McFerren in Tuesday’s encounter with Butler. In this game at Indianapolis second sacker McFerren was hit by a pitched ball. During practice yesterday McFerren was again the target for a hurled ball; this time he was struck in the ribs but nothing serious resulted. Bill McAdams, sophomore second baseman, will in all probability take over McFerren’s duties if the latter cannot see action tomorrow or Saturday. Few changes in the remainder of the line-up are expected. It will likely consist of the following: Byelene, center field; Doherty, left field; Janisch, right field; McAffry, first base; Blanken, pitcher; Cook, third base; Myers, short stop; Fisher, catcher. A Close Match Comparative scores seem to indicate that this week-end's brace of baseball encounters should be plenty close. Both Indiana and the Boilermakers split their two game series with the Illini and both trounced Butler 11 to 4. Auburn, the team that won two out of three encounters against Fehring’s ball club also beat I. U. However, the fact that Butler beat Wabash who in turn whipped the Cream and Crimson forces by a 12 to 3 score tends to remove whatever promise comparative scores may have in predicting future results. Batting averages seem to indicate that the Gold and Black sluggers have quite an edge on the boys from Bloomington.
SUMMER APPAREL FOR MEN Slack suits in contrasting or matching colors of blue, green or tan. Made in choice of several cool, lightweight fabrics. SPORT OUTFITS Cool, comfortable fitting, styled for wearability and dress.
You too, Can Be the Campus’ “BEST DRESSED MAN”
PHONE 2237
316 STATE4
*/4'’f?rV.’V ^^W'sV ’ *3rr‘ 5'‘iT^^\/‘ >%'\X^'^%'r™^'’< II " *'^'=‘Y«»'^« r -'^ '1 “•' 't-^ ' 7^4 ''i» \I "*/*’'’' ‘- f ^ (f 14. i V/ ^ » *5 ?,« ri^ ^4 i «.?5j^ yf X ^ 4- Wo/^V'?^ 4i>.^ r- t "f i. J- 34>*, ‘{‘T ^ I ^ ‘ ; , - , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ . ,-7 , ' ' « ' jt ^ '’ J i . ^ . ' ' V
i vk^.*^*i^^t^'I
- i» -y J' jti^ ^ jt ■>''‘~h J'^^n-r’^-immm -* f r/r’|#« ^ 7 f
fijuAdua, £xponanL Jimsdi^ J/odL Don't Let Down, People Spring has started her good dressing campaign on campus with the trees, the grass and the flowering shrubs doing their bit to make the campus more attractive. But instead of this being a tonic to students, spring seems to have a lazying effect on them. The students feel that spring is a good time to put away all of those heavy winter clothes and get into something cool and light, but they do not pay much attention to the appearances of these cool light things. A sport shirt with short sleeves and an open collar can be just as cool as an old T-shirt and much smarter looking. Clean saddles or moccasins are much more appealing than dirty ones. These examples are proof that students can be attractive and comfortable at the same time. The old alibi that “Purdue is a technical school and the students are not expected to be well dressed” is not true. It is a technical school, but th^ public still expects the student body as a whole to be well dressed. Students are being criticized for the way they dress at mixers and other public functions. This means that saddle shoes and ankle socks are just not-worn ^at dances. We do have the careless dressing tradition to overcome, but if each student would take it upon himself to waj:ch his own appearance, the campus would soon have a “Well Dressed” reputation. — m.k.m. Camera Club Show Henry B. Abbett
Thursdcty, May 1# 1941
Entries Due Today All entries for the spring exhibit of the Camera Club must^e handed in this evening by 6 p. m. Prints may be left in the Student Union office. Entrants may submit any number of prints. The entrant’s name must be placed at the lower right margin of the frame, and the title must be placed at the lower left margin. All work must be the work of the individual entrant with the exception of the development of the negative. The prints may be in any photographic medium. Hand colored prints or toned prints may be submitted for exhibition but not for competition. Prints must not be less than 8” x
^7
7" /im
^^Breathes there the man with soul so dead. Who never to himself hath said, That windowful of eyefilling Arrow shirts would stop any guy in his tracks! Newest of the new is the Arrow Sussex Shirt with the low, wide, and handsome collar. Sussex gives your de a chance to shine... fits without a wrinkle . . . like all Arroys rides comfortably low on the neck . . . and is flattering to every man. Sharpen up your neckline with this authentic «new collar. In whites, colors, and stripes. $2 up. Arrow Ties $1 and $1.50 suh«x ... $2, up
ARROfV SHIRTS
Get Your Style-Right Shirts— ARROW SfflRTS
at
416 BIAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
. . . University purchasing agent, will speak today in Pittsburgh before the EducationaL Buyer’s Association on the purchase of scientific equipment. This has become quite^ problem because of the demands of the defense industry. 10” in size nor more than 11” x 14” and must be mounted on standard 16” X 20” white or light cream mounts. These mounts may be obtained at the West Desk of the Union. There will be three classifications of prints: (a) Portrait,^(b) Pictorial, which includes landscape and architecture, (c) Miscellaneous, which includes action, candid shots, genre, still life, etc. The judges for the exhibit are Professor Bruce Elrod, Mr. Paul Tanco, rfnd Mr. Vern Breitweiser.
.The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
Oh me. Another day, another dollar. It might be Spring around here, but still the only news is pin business. Why doesn’t somebody do something interesting for a change. We do have ^ little something new in the way of pinnings, however. What we’re referring to is" the fact that Phi Psi Wirt Farley pinned Pi Phi Peggy Hopkins the other day with Bill Rider’s pin. What we want to know is, who the devil is the chief fish and who gets tlfe girl? Maybe it’s a modern John Alden affair. Theta Chi Bob Breeden did quite a job the other night when he pinned XO Mary Alicp Miller. They tell us that there’s quite a story concerning that, but since Bob is_ such a big shot around here, we naturally can’t print it. You might ask Bob how many people were present when he slipped the jewelry to her, though. Wiggles Waddelworth, of that famous team. Waddles i^nd Wiggles grabbed off the seventh Phi Gam pm for th^ Kappa house the other day when she took Bill Purman’s pin. Quite a monopoly, we calls it. AND . . . Emily Caster and Jordan McCarty have done it, too, along with Bill Nuetzel and Mary Jeanne Hogan. The irrepressible (darn it) Margie Flanagan just came in and insists that Bob Johnson and Evie Blair are “possitivally” the swellest people and the world should be told that they’re going steady, so. World, you are now well informed. However, we think they’re nice people, too. So there. From now on, if anybody wants a taxi, don’t get out in front of the house and yell, just call Joe Close
Foreman's Position In National Defense Theme Of Conference The foreman’s place in national defense will be the kesmote of the second annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana held on campus Saturday, May 17. The institute, sponsored by the Engineering Extension D^artment of the University and the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, drew an attendance of more than 1,100 persons last year. ^ M. J. Kame Will Speak Outstanding speakers will be M. J. Kame, consultant on training in industry with the Social Security Board, who will speak on the subject, “Training in Industry for National Defense,” and Cary Taylor, director of the Northern Bank of Milwaukee and of the Modem Mutual Building and Loan Association of Milwaukee, who will discuss, “What Must We Do To Defend America.” Eleven different departmental sessions, conducted simultaneously, each one being repeated to give those attending an opportunity to hear at least two speakers, will make up the majority of the afternoon, with Mr. Kane’s address closing the conference. Talk Topics Topics which will make up the different sessions are, “The Safety Work of the Foreman in our National Defense,” “Apprenticeship and How It Functions,” “The How of Human Relations,” “The Foreman and Methods,” “Job Training,” “Job Rating,” “Fitting the Defense Program to Industrial Legislation,” “The Foreman as a Teacher in Na-
at the Sigma Pi house. We don’t know his price, but it better be good. Saloon.
So much that’s important is happening today—in America, in Eurppe, AMca, Asia. And you know about it almost as soon as it happens! Trace most any piece of news to its source and some* where you’ll find the telephone or one of its relatives— radio telephone or teletype in the picture. These speeders of the news have either benefited from telephone research or utilize telephone equipment, or both. In these days, the Bell System is proud that its facili* ties are helping in the fast and widespread dissemination of news—so essential to enlightened public opinion.
Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the following officers for the first semester, l941-’42; Carl Shedrick, archon; Robert Swaim, treasurer; Ed Masline, secretary; Dick Young, historian; George Morgan, chaplain; Robert Vogt, warden, George Wilson, house manager; Alexander
Laird, bookkeeper.
tional Defense,” “Helps and Aids for Foreman,” “The Outlook for Foremen,” and “Problems of Wom-
en Supervisors.”
Prof. M. F. Stigers of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology is general chairman of the
Institute, t.r.j.
Carran Cbmfir Tsm Wins 3 kdgbii Rnb Carroll county took fixut in two of five ev^ts in the distrfet agricultural demonstratfoii end judging contests held hare recently which determined entoies in flte state 4-H contests to be heU here June 9-11 at the time of the anmnd 4-H Club Roundup. Fourteen different counties were represented in the five contests, with the three high-scoring teams in each event becoming eligible to eompete for state honors. The Tippecanoe county group took first place in dairy
cattle judging. jj.t.
mekic*"
;
4
In WHITE
or NATURAL
They'll never grow out of stylel Everybody knows they're so easy...to soft...so wonderful... to swell to slip into ond get going. Sizes 3 to 9.
/
Enjoyable Eating! Make your next dinner a memorable onel Come to 9 the Union Cafeteria and enjoy a meal seasoned exactly right—every dish boasting^ a real homecooked flavor. Good food is our pride. The Union Cafeteria
JhsL fijuhdwL Wsum/iiaL TdnwiL The Comer 6/ the Campuo^ Yet the Center of CoOet^ AetMhe
fetl■ H^.-.-rp.
sfSPi
^/cgw. 4 - S^tkaupfL TlewA,
Thursday, May 1,1941
^uhdjus^ £xfiBmnJt
Plane Modelers Hold AnmiOl Iteet Sunday - Uiayersity Aeromodelers will sponsor their third annual outdoor mo^el airplane contest this Sunday froM ^ si. in. to 6 p. m. at a place lihout ten miles north of town on the River road. The location will be marked by signs. Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Ohio will be represented by model airplane builders in this contest. Competitive classes include those for gas models, rubber powered models, and gliders. Prizes totaling $125 will be awai’ded. ■ Entry fees are 25 cents for glid-
Prof. C. J. Klemme ... has been named as Acting Executive of the School of Pharmacy pending decision by University trustees upon the selection of a successor to the late Dean C. B. Jordan, according to an announcement received yesterday from President E. C. Elliott.
ers, 50 cents for rubber powered planes, and 75 cents for gas models, but anyone may enter, club officials said. Winners will be selected on the basis of average time flights. Admission to the contest is free and refreshments for all will be available, f.i.j.
Kayser means quaKty to mother. She’s heen * wearing Kayser gloves and undies and stockings for years, 'and she loves them. Get her “Fit-All-Tops,” the Kayser stockings with the stretching silk in the thigh part— for extra room and extra comfort. In all the Wanted lighter tones, of course. 100
Capf. Roosevelt Assures China US To Give Aid By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO To ChicaKO Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Chungking, April 30.—Capt. Jimmy Roosevelt, with his infectious smile and genial manner in winning friends wherever he goes, is here in the capital of Free China. He arrived yesterday by plane for a four or five-day stopover en route to his new post in Cairo, where he will act as military observer of Africa and the Near East. To this country, which feels it has been badly let down by several of its supposed allies, Capt. Roosevelt’s words of greeting were welcome and heartening: Reassures Chinese “America never lets its friends down,” he said. And that was just the assurance that the long-suf-fering Chinese need after the shock of the Russo-Japanese neutrality
Dr. A. A. Smith ... of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology will speak to the Michigan City Rotary Club today on “Personality Plus.”
pact, and at the time when the Japanese are talking of appeasing America and when fears—apparently quite without foundation—are gaining ground that Great Britain, in dire distress, may again become susceptible to Japanese demands for closure of the Burma Road. Capt. Roosevelt was met at the island -airport in the middle of the Yangtze by delegates from Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek, the war ministry and foreign office and the American embassy. All the American correspondents were th^re and also the entire news staff of tk« Soviet Tass agency, energetically clicking cameras. Planes Augur Arrival As though an augury, two planes each loaded with $10,000,000 in Chinese banknotes came in from Hong Kong just'before Roosevelt’s arrival. A third Douglas carried Roosevelt.
in A WHITE PALM BEAEH
the
Whether it’s a grey, brown, blue green or white suit you are wearing, you’ll be smartly, comfortably economically shod in a pair of our new Fortune ’’tan-and-white” styles. See our many new and differept "tan-and-white” Fortune patterns today at only $4, some styles higher.
lOATUNE
B. & W. SHOE CO.
121 N. 4th Street
UmStfittUkAifr
national fashion for day and
evening wear. Mix the coat with ’
odd slacks for sports. Wear the slacks wjith odd jacket for variety. It’s the world’s most versatile suit—and it’s washable. See the easy-feeling lounge models
at your clothier. Pastels ^ "T n r and deep tones, too ... -Li . #
Palm Beach Evening Formats (white jacket and black trousers), $20. Palm Beach Slacks, $5.50.yfnd by the same makers—the new Goodall Tropic Weight—top value in lightweight
worsted suits, $25.
GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI
$3250 Prize Contest. See your clothier for details.
PALM BEACH SUITS See Our Large Selection
MtMAINSr.
CIMHBSIMPINC.
Churchill Fails To Stop Cries For Empire Cabinet
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE . To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily-News, Inc. London, April 30.—Pressure for the formation of an imperial war cabinet and the end of one-man government continues despite Prime Minister Churchill’s refusal yesterday to consider previous suggestions in this direction.
The full weight of the still in- . fluential London Times is cast in that direction this morning. It stresses that Churchill’s request for a motion of confidence, which he voiced yesterday,'will probably not even have to be put to vote, nor will discussion of the Greek and Libyan campaigns lead to recriminations, thought Parliament will certainly want fuller information at its de-
bate next week.
But the formation of a smaller war cabinet to include dominion
representatives -will be raised again, the Times says, and the issue of reorganization of the machinery by which vital decisions of policy are taken should be debated. Shortcomings Pointed Out “There is unshaken confidence everywhere, both in the prospects of ultimate victory and in Churchill’s inspiring leadership,” it says. “But this does not mean that everything which is being done is well done . . . and cannot be bettered. “Modem wars are not won by brilliant improvisation. There is a widespread feeling, which it would be foolish to ignore, that' we have fallen short in tackling the problems of large-scale organization. The progress of our war efforts has been slowed up by lack of prompt and clear decisions from the central authority on governing matters of principle.” The Times editorial continues to point out that the present cabinet was hastily constituted in a moment of crisis last year without complete success. There is implied criticism of many of the labor members of the government, while “on the other hand, these ministers who had no party record and were brought into the governmeht from other spheres of activity, have for the most part been an outstanding success.”
The Times would not be surprised if the Prime Minister looked for fresh blood outside parliamentary ranks and it calls attention to the letter of a prominent Conservative member of Parliament, in this morhing’s Times, calling for inclusion of Dominion representatives
in the war cabinet.
Such a step would symbolize the unity of the British Commonwealth, the Times suggests, but it would not eliminate the necessity for relieAdng the^Prime Minister of many pressing problems. The elaborate system of committees, headed by Labor Leader Clement R. Attlee, does not make up for the lack of a
single directing mind.
Banbufy To Speak At Meeting Of ASME F. H. Banbury, ’06, will address University Branch ASME, this afterhoon at 4 p. m., in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building, on subjects of especial interest to graduating engineers. Mr. Banbury is an executive of the Farrell-Birm-
ingham Company.
It is also announced that the annual ASME election meeting will be held in room 207 of the mechan-i ical engineering building at 7:30 p. m., Thursday^ May 8. After the election - a double 'feature film, “Pleasure Time,” with Waring’s Pennsylvanians, and “Tobaccoland, USA” will be shown. At the election, members must be prepared to show their membership cards in order to vote. Guests will be wel-
comed. c.v.t.
SHE WILL WANT THIS BEN RU S FOR GRADUATION
RELIABLE
on NSjeWeLIQS
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• PrefeMional
• Scitool Suppliea
Risk Dental Clinic MU IIAUL A. RISK m. UUTHlIl A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4N« e M4rtn St«. RtwTM 9710
DRAG'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M, IRION DENTIST 119 Vi NorthwestRrfi Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• Jewelers
If It's^Hardware We Have (t Quality Mcbe.—Lower Prlcea Cdgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH je>^«ler at^d Optometrist 504 Main St.fijuAdue ^xpomuni
Thursday, May h 1941
S-^itnaAaL
s r ^ 1
►*>
The ^th C/Olimm Purdue Exponent
Seems like the British have Dunkirked again. They now have 76 per cent of their lads evacuated. And only 3,000 were killed and wounded in the campaign. Which leaves plenty for next time. * ♦ ♦ Most of the credit should go to the Aussies though. They did all the work. Just lacked a few mechanized divisions and several hundred armored tanks. That’s all. Who knows ... Maybe a few kangaroos would have helped. * * * i^enito’s boys in Albania are pretty chummy these days. Now they’re entertaining the British exambassador to Yugoslavia. While he waits for a special plane to take him home. Diplomatic immunity they call it. Looks like the Italians are beginning to realize they may need the English. To fight for them some day. * * * Glad to hear that Captain Jimmie is making good in Chungking. “America never lets its friends down,” he said. Which probably means more aid to China. Now with all this aid passing around. Looks like we deserve our share. So what we get for Ade. Is a “College Widow.” * Finland and Sweden are still aiguing over their respective neutrality. Now they are calling it a “duel in the dark.” What they need is a few blitzful words from Adolf. To throw some light on the situation. He The convoy question may become a dead issue. If the
Entered «8 second ehuis matter at the poet ofliee la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKreea of March 8, lS79, and at the special rate of postase prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, auUiorised Jannary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durina the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Seaeion Delivered locally by carrier for $8^.00 per year, mail sub(cription, $8.50. Editar-in-Chief E. W. Donahue Bueineea Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J H McKee Managing Editoy D K Beiple Associate fiditors: N. A Ochiltree, J. A Purcell, L. W Ruifner, R Bi. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott Businofs Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, G C. Landers , Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Aacounts Manager, R. J. Shadford, Circulation Manager, R M Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _ Beth Simpion Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor „ J P Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C Johnson, R O Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Businesi 8471; I* Sport! 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, Staff For Thia laauo Night Editor: Novey Day Editor: Fox Issue Editor: Petty Night Sports Editor: Clark Staff: F I Jones, L J Flannigan, S B Wolf, E K Thomas, S J Slesser, D B Brophy, J R McDonall, G. B Hogman, A B Chatfleld, J H Arrastiong, M S Schneider
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding ssachbiaa, aaw and used, for sale, rent and reraired. All makes of portable typewriters, $20.TC to $S9 60. Office supplies. Mimeograph mad multigrmph work. C. F. Ebershoff, OM Main St. Phoua, S7T«.
Ag Students, Faculty Plan Fish Fry May 16 Farm management students and staff members have planned a fish fry on Friday, May 16, according to
John E Walley, chairman. The party will be held at 4 o’clock at Rotary Camp. In addition to farm management students, general agriculture students are invited. Entertainment in the form of games will be provided along with refreshments.
For Runt: Russ-Rernt-A-Car Ssrvles. Oiuts for all occasions. Min. $2 60 all night. PhoM 2407.
Coo^
AS THE MORNING
Notices
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10. 4-H Clnb: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, at 7:39 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Goris for 10c. —^ANDERSON
"ujr
Cadet Officers: Meeting of all the staffs and staff commanders of both brigades on Thursday, May 1, at 11 p m , in the Arm—MEESE. All Students: Planning to attend the summer session of the University should get an application at the Admission office (5-2) —^D AMMON Exponent Staff; Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6 p. m. (27-4) —DONAHUE. ^ Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meeting Friday, May 2, at 4:16 in room 803. ^ —BENNETT
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Meet in reading room of Mechanical Engineering building at 4 p. m. on Thursday, May 1. —WIST.
ASME: Membership cards will be distributed after Mr Banhurg’s talk about inventions Thursday afternoon. May 1, at 4 p. ra. in the Electrical Engineering build-
ing.
—COOLEY
AS THE SUNSET
Model Railroad Clnb: Meeting Saturday, May 8, at 2 p m at layout for election of officers. „, —DARR Independent Staff: Meeting tonight, April 30, at 7:16 in the office. Everybody be there. All holders of key cards bring them with you as there will he new ones issued —SMUIoBVITZ Reamers: Show tickets will be ready for distribution at meeting Monday, May 4^at 7 30 Please be present. —BOHLIN .
THE WHOLE DAY THROUGH GENUINE
Eta Kappa Nu. Meeting of all pledges Thursday, May 1 at 4 p m in AIEE reading loom „ —HULTGEN P-Men. Banquet tickets available Friday May 2 until 6 00 p m at P-Mcn’s desk in the Union Both major and minor lettermen are eligible Tickets are free to -COMBS
Ushers for Variety Show for Thursday Night: Report at stage door of Hall of Mu-
sic at 6 '80, May 1
—GREY
PI A Chorus: Rehearsal tonight is cancelled because of “College Widow ’’ —SMULEVITZ
University Choir; No rehearsal Thursday, May 1 Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, May 4. 9'80 a m at Hall of Music —AMT
PALM BEACH TILS by Beau Brummell The^world's most famous fabric crafted by America's leading neckwear stylists into the most exciting new neckwear fashions your eyes have ever seen They bring you that cool, clean, refreshing fashion exclusive with Genuine Palm Beach Ties America's one and only washable tie with original patented 4-Fold Construction — (no lining) See them—you'll want several
Sophomore Union Workers. All sophomores petitioning for junior jobs mujft be present at meeting Monday, May 6 at 4 16 p m in room 806 —BENNETT
Sophomore Union Workers: All men who have charge of the Stock Room some time during the week meet m the Union office at 4 p m Thursday, May 1 Attendance compulsory —WOLFF
Fraternity Affairs Office: All Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomore woikers report to the office at 4 p m Thursday —JACOBSON.
Numerals Awarded To Fresh For Spring Work Eight additional yearling football prospects have been awarded freshman numerals on the basis of their showing during spring drill. Mai Elward, athletic director and head football coach, announced tfie awards which supplement the numerals given at the close of last fall’s practice. The new numeral winners are as follows: Edward Ryden, North Riverside, 111.; Nicholas Steshko, Bayonne, N, J.;^ale Leevy, W. Lafayette; Edward Klein, Chicago, 111.; Thomas McQueen, Rockford, 111.; Myron Lewenthal, New Rochelle, N. Y ; Bernard Berman, Chicago, IlL; Vinant DiFrancesca, Evanston, 111.
Kappa Delta Pi Elects Officers For Next Year Election of officers for the coming yeai was held Tuesday evening by Kappa Delta Pi, Education honorary on the campus Truman Hays has been elected president, June Busby vice-presideht, Lois Clouse secretary, Ed Nowicki treasurer, and Rosemary Keifn4r reporter-his-torian Plans were made at the meeting Tuesday evening for a steak fry on May 15. The club recently held a formal initiation and banquet honoring the twenty-eight spring pledges to the oiganization Prof. Charley Murphy
addreftsed the pledges at the halt-' qaet, with Ruth Switebard aetifig as toastmistress. New Members The new members of the organization are' Rosemary Anderson, Betty Briscoe, Donald Blemker, June Busby, Monica Buergler, Louis Clouse, Alice Collings, Joseph Franklin, Marjone Fippen, Truman Hays, Howard Hamilton, Mary Henry, Marybelle Hallstead, Mary Frances Hunter, Rosemary Keifner, Jeanne Lehmann, Agnes McCullock, Mary Pidgeon, Jean Plummer, William Rohr, Dale Sheets, Gustave Thias, Anna Katherine Williams, Edith Wildemuth, Cecelia Witty, Wesley Watrehouse sb.w.*
Sophomores at Butler college elected twins, Barbara and Marjorie Kelly, as “Sweethearts of Butler ”
U. S. Navy is really patrolling the Atlantic like FDR says. At least the Nazi subs can’t toipedo the planes And the waters of Iceland and Greenland where the ships are reported. Should keep things cool for awhile. — f.i.j.
We can get down to Brass Tacks on the
\
J
UK ill
with CELANESE WRINKLE-FREE COLLAR
No need to talk in generalities on Whitehall by Jayson. It is Known as the Ultimate in White Shirts... and it can prove its right to this description. Costlier and finer broadcloth . , . exceptional Troytailoring and workmanship details . . . the highest guality standards developed in fifty years of shirtmaking . . . these are the "Brass Tacks" . .-. the solid facts that urge us to recommend Whitehall... and urge you to wear this masterpiece of shirts. As selectors of merchandise, we have scoured the market. We consider Whitehall superior to any nationally known shirt at the price. In neckband, regular soft collar or *Jaysonized no-storch, wrinkle-free collar. Sonforized-fabric shrinkage less them 1%.
500M At It ST
CLOTHFS Sl-iOh INC
Made Under Celanese Patents
- Itfe. a'
,t t
I * "f*
v,-*!''* i.'-i-'X’”"
ij’’
6—
Thursday, May 1, 1941
PaJtdua. ^xponaHL
A Tribute to a Great Man
<<
Varsity Show of 1941 THE COLLEGE WIDOW
99
George Ade, Purdue '87 mokes his summer home ot Hozehelden, his estote neor Brook, Indiana, and spends the winter in Miami. Ade, who recently celebrated his seventy-fifth birthday, is Purdue's most famous playwright. His two greatest successes being "The College Widow" and “The County Chairman". The later is familiar to us through its adaption as a motion picture starring Will Rogers. "The College Widow" which was the first play ever to be written on the subject of college and football was written by Ade in 1905, and in what may be called a record time of three weeks. Ade is a member of Sigma Chi Fraternity and is one of the donors of the stadium. He is noted for his modern adaptions of the proverbs, a typical example of one of his revisions being; "Early to bed and early to rise, and you meet very few influential people. George Ade along with other prominent alumni is expected to attend the production of "The College Widow" on Saturday evening.
A riotous musical comedy. "The College Widow" revolves about the college life of the Purdue campus way back when—^Purdue had just begun ' there now traditional gridiron battles with the "Cream and Crimson" and the ratio was still a long ways away from 3.93 to 1, but even if the co-eds were few they had all ready adopted the P. G. (Pin Grabbing) complex, and ~ Jane Witherspoon,*' the daughter of the President of the University, was no exception. In fact, she was a specialist at the art and was known to all, as the College Widow. Billy Bolton, the hero of "The College Widow" is a strappin big fellow from the wilds of Minnesota and is on his way to Indiana University to enroll for the year. However, he and his father take time out i>^om their trip to Indiana to stop and visit their personal friends, the Witherspoons. It is during this short visit at Purdue that Billy's talents as a fullback are discovered and immediately Jane Witherspoon is given the assignment of persuading Billy that Purdue is the only place for him. Jane finally convinces Billy to stay on this campus, and it is from this point on that main action of the musical takes place.
COURTESY OF PURDUE ALUMNUS
To Another Varsity Show “THE COLLEGE \^IDOW” by George Ade—Class of ’87
Congratulations and the Best of Wishes to Alt the Cast of ^THE COLLEGE WIDOW”
By
The Best of Success and Good Will Welcome Also to Alumni and Friends
Our Own GEORGE ADE Whom We Heartily Welcome Back to Our Campus on This GALA Occasion
H. G. “Deac” REISNER
BOOKSTORE Established 1908
'Deac" Sr. Class of '03
'Deac" Jr. Class of'23
muE Gon^^surorncff
fWTE
riT vArAviTTt
PURDUE’S OWN STAGE SUCCESS OF THE YEAR
• Congratulations to the cast for their cooperation in the developement of what looks like a fine production.
Congratulations to the producers and directors for what promises to be one of the most successful stage productions of the year.
After You We Come First
Betty Wedge os Bessie Tanner
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama St.
Phone 4048
Margery Williamson as “The College Widow'
v-f