I: t
f To Appear Ih Convo Saturday ^ 'Brazil's Singing Ambassador'To Offer ' Light Opera, Concert Numbers At 7:30 ' Voiumfi J^o.
' -rf m ' ' *' Hi* Hfmhito
l^urdue University, West Lal^ayetle, Indiana
Tlturnday, October 1, 1942
I JBidu Saya,o, “Brazil’s Singing Ambassador”, will appear Saturdlay night at 7:30 in the Music Hall for the second convocation'of the Semester. Miss Sayao,‘lhe only South American v;6man now being starred in the Metropolitan Opera, will present a program of light opera pieces and concert numbers. Born in Rio de Jaheiro, she has defied the usual South American Convention, that women do hot have careers, by becoming
known in Europe, South America and the United States for her singing. Diminutive in stature with dark eyes and red-brown hair, she speaks fluently in Italian, French, Portug-ese and Spanish; and her English is progressing rapidly. Although definitely a careei woman now, she hopes to retire from public life in about five years and go to homemaking. Cooking is a favoiite
hobby of hers.
Has Collection Of Jewels Miss Sayao has a love for precious jewels, and she has in her pos-
poultry Association Opens Annual
Conference
Schricker Cancels Date As Speaker Twenty-fourth annual meeting of the Indiana State Poultry Association opened yesterday morning at 8 in the Union with an approximate attendance of 210 poultrynien from over the state. The program featured speeches, lectures, and discussions, all of which emphasized war-time poultry production and new trends in the hatchery industry. There were also reports and meetings of various committees and groups in the organization. Highlight of yesterday’s meeting was the evening banquet which began at 6)30 in the South ballroom of the Union. The program consisted of group singing, a quartet, special acts and dancing. Toastmaster, Roy Girard of Tipton, presented various awards to poultrynien who have been most active during the past year. Feature of the evening Was to have been a talk by Governor Henry F. Schricker but he was unable to attend because of his wife’s
illness.
Today’s program will start at 9 a. m. with a speech by Omef Smith of HagOTstown. Smith will talk on “Commercial Egg Production Under War Time Conditions.” AVyS Places _. Goltl bigger Tickets On Sale University coeds are red-starring their calendars for October 9, the date set by Associated Women Students for that annual event, the Gold Diggers’ Ball. Tickets are on sale now, so coeds are urged to break into their horde of pennies for the price of one ticket, $1.10. Dick Cisne and his orchestra, who have furnished the music for the Ball for several years, will play. Weird and crazy corsages will again_ be featured and most origjnal corsage will be the prize winner. ,This year in keeping wjth war times, eds and coeds will elect from the ranks of the University’s most beautiful men, the most eligible draftee on campus. Eds Have Their Time This is the one time during the year that the male apimals can get revenge on the coeds. There is nothing that will delight an ed more than to make the gii’l friend wait half an hour and then load her down with hats, pipes, cigarettes, ties and such necessities. That isn’t the only headache for the girls. Getting him to the dance is a problem in these times, but we’ll leave it to the University’s girls to think of some-
thing.
Becky Ann Peivine, social chairman of AWS, is geneial chairman of the dance and Mary Lu Stern-be-rger is in charge of ticket sales.
H
———— ■ ' -..I.-.,.- I Beibins Series Of Talks
Mi
SDn Nanil$ Queens For Rassel
Patrick-
Queen Of
Sandbags' Winner HoMs 976,550 Votes
Jeanne Patrick, coed editor of Debris and a member of the
ground of experience in bringing Chi Omega sorority, was electabout better industrial relations, ed “Queen of the Sandbags”
He lauded the physical and mechan- ^
is tic efficiency of our industrial sys-
Has
today. 4:15
CsryChb/di Coed Red
Darice Features Bud Roderick
Memberls Wifi
Annual Affair In lllnioin
Cross Work Starts At 4
Staff Will Meet Frosh, Sophomores
Workers Eligible For Veils, Pins
Actual coed paiticipation in the
Bud Roderick and his orchestra with their “Music Styled for You” will provide the rhythm for the Cary Club’s annual fall dance, which is to be held next Saturday. North ballioom of the Union is the
Joe Youngblood, editor of the place, and the time is.8:30 to 11:30
u-due Engineer, has announced p. Admittance will be by bid. through the Red Cross and Student
Union. A coed group of workers is being foimed with Mai ion Seigler, vice-president of the Union, in
maestro entered law school gj^arge, and will meet eveiy Thuis-
day, starting today, at 4 p. m.
Speaks On Modem Industrial Relations Harwy Newton Clarke, Industrial Relations Engineer from Cleveland, Ohio, presented his view that the most pressing problem in modern business is that of human relations, in three speeches, yesterday. Speaking fiom a wide back-
Purdue
that the publication staff will hold Roderick’s orchestra was organa callout for freshmen and sopho- ized three ycais ago on the Unimore workers on both editoiial and versity of Illinois campus. Before
the
Bidu Sayao
Drama
TIME: One year from next Friday riight. PLACE: Shell hole. SCENE: Steady downpour of rain. Flashes of light from lightning and exploding shells, you never know which, falling on the mud. CHARACTERS: You, wounded and filled with nostalgia. ^ You Begiu to talk, slowly Because it hurts when you talk: I wBnder what the boys back at the hoitse are'idoiUg tonight.,. shelter always was deserte^ ou Friday nights . . . let’s see now . . . tonight is the Riveters Rassle 1. . , they had a big time there last ycai* . • • those that went„ , was all about a subway and air ' raids and blaijkouts . . . didn’t know all we mugs would be in the scrap o months . . . wish I lo hell I’d went to Ras.slc last year.
session a fabulous collection of many different stones. She has explained .that when at home she wears these in much larger quantities than when in the United States, because the women of South Amer..ipa..wear such things more, ofteii, than those of our countiy. She and the Duchess of Windsor have something in common in that they each have two of the rare platinum fox furs of which theic aic only twelve in existence. Another unusual thing in her possession is hei watch. It is said to be the smallest wrist watch in the world, being only onefourth inch in diametei. Sings In Opera Having sung in the Metropolitan Opera since 1937, she sang and was well-liked in all the capitals of Europe befoie evei appealing with the Metropolitan. Although thoroughly shocked at a daughtei who was out ,to make a name for herself. Miss Sayao’s family and filends are now very proud of her accomplishments. Admission to the convocation will be by passport or season ticket. Single admission seats will also be on sale at the cashier’s Window for $1.00 plus tax. Convocations will not be broadcast this season. The doors willjopen at 6:46 p. m. Hew Zealand Listener Hears WBAA Program Radio station WBAA was surprised recently to leeeive a lettei from Wellington, New Zealand, telling of reception by a listenei over there about three months ago. The letter had come through war aieas across the Pacific, taking three months to reach the United
States.
The New Zealand listener not only identified the station as oi the Univeisity but also gave details of the test program which was being aired at the time. WBAA, then opeiating on 1000 watts, was making a regulation test as is required by the federal communications commission. Such tests aie a check on the accmacy of the station frequency. ^ /r\ , I , Maury Mahn . . . will furnish music at the regulai ^Saturday evening mixer this week. Price’Xor the dance will be the estabfished mixer price of $1, plus tax, and it will be held m the South Ballroom of the Union fiom 8:30 until 11:30.
Pot Burners Exponent office was deluged last night by sudden influx of second semester freslunen, who had retftrned from a successful session of pot burning at Stuart Field.
business staffs at 4:15 this after-
noon.
The Engineer, a student-edited technical magazine published monthly throughout the year, represents the engineering schools of the University, not only on campus, but throughout the countiy. All copy and adveitising work is done by engineering students. Staff Duties Work on the editorial staff includes writing articles, features and shorts, and sometimes the freshmen and sophomores help junior editors edit the magazine. The business staff consists of advertising and ciiculation. Editoi Youngblood invites all ficc. Room 380 of the Union, tomoirow, at which tune members of the senior staff will explain woiIcings of the staff and present a more detailed explanation of woikcrs’ duties. Francis Hartman Joins Engineering Extension School
tern, which he called “horsepower”; Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, will sponsor a banquet for Harry Newton Clarke in Rooms 332-334 of the Union, today at 5:45.
ing race which incolved some 19 of the University’s most glamorous coeds. Miss Patrick, who salvaged a total of 976,650 votes, will be master of ceremonies at the Riveter’s Rassle, hilarious annual dance sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi to be held rain or
Bud Roderick
Fiancis Haitman, chief of the Lawrence Fire Department, has been added to the staff of j:he Department of Education and Applied Psychology. Ho will bo assigned to the Engineering Extension Department to handle the field woik which includes the training of fiicmcn who will be provided foi the vaiious lire
depaitments of the state.
Two years ago, the Engineering Extension Depaitment oiganizcd
these fire training classes, and since faculty "eTnbe'rs
then, 225 fire depaitments are conducting regular classes. Enrollment in these classes hoveis near
the 4,600 maik.
Hartman’s piincipal duties arc to assist in the oiganization and to tiain local teachers. The Fiie Maishal’s department of Indiana and the Indiana Inspection Buieau are cooperating in this progiam.
theie, he had had experience playing with several of the largest
bands in the country.
Being an admirer of the Glenn Miller style, he picked good swing musicians to he members of his orchestra. Twelve membeis comprise the hand peisonnel, and three of these v/rite all the special airangemerits that the band plays. During last year’s Gala Week, Roderick’s band played for the “Jailbird”
mixer.
Reception I'or Faculty
His hand has played many successful cngagepients such as. Tune Town, St. Louis; Gypsy Village, Louisville; Greystone Ballroom, De-
troit, and many others.
A reception will ho held at 10 p. 111. in the East Faculty Lounge lor
but bemoaned the disregard for shine from 8:30 to 11:30 tomorrow
Last semester a similar project logic and common sense in man to evening in both ballrooms of the
was started hut was later dropped man relationships, terming it a lack Union.
because of the lack of work. How- of “heatpower.” Alice Chatfield, coed editor of the ever, this year workers will be kept Defines Management Exponent and a Chi O, ran a close busy with knitting, bandage wbik He constantly repeated that the second in the election which atand sewing. The yarn for knitting real problem of management, which d;ractecr 1,198,263 votes. Her 971,800 may he taken out and clicking he defined as the art of getting peo- votes entitle her to the coveted posinecdles aic again expected to he pie and money to work together for tion of “Queen of the Blackout.”
a common good, is on. the human SDX Queens
side. According to Clarke, “Tech- “Queen of the Screaming Sirens”
The workeis will be permitted to ' k'^owledge and techniques are will b,f Jean Thompson, Delta Gamwear the Red Cross veil after twen- must give men an ma, who finished the campaign with
appreciation of the fundamentals'of a total of 959,762 votes. Theta Betty human relationships.” Ann McCreery, who polled 954,250 Since statistics sjiqw that the votes, will be the official “Queen of
Because of the emphasis Placed i^^ajoiity of men coming into execu- (g^e SUBWAY QUEENS, page 4)
on servmc of this type today. Red positions are college graduates, Cross officials, aie expecting an eii- engineeis,
thusiastic response to this call for
WOI veis- begin the presentation .of these Registration will be held in the fundamentals. Clarke pointed out siib-basemciiL of the Union Build- if we had given such training lag- to our present crop of executives,
whom he termed “a lost generation without a country,” we would not be in our present industrial relations
mess.
Today’s Program
seen in classes.
Workers Receive Awaids
ty-five hours of work and the pin
after fifty hours.
Naval Officers Arrive For Ten Weeks Course White hats over smart blue top coats marked the arrival on the University campus Monday of fifty Naval officeis who have been assigned to the Naval Training Station here for a ten weeks course in
the theory, operation and repair of Engineering Building,
diesel engines. The first diesel class
Doctor Miller Calls For More Blood Donors “Doc” Miller is issuing another call for blood donors. The mobile
Bicyclists
West Lafayette police aiiiiouiiccd yc.sterday that the required license tags for bicycles are now available at the Westside Police Station, and should be obtained as soon as possible.
Clarke spoke yesterday before unit of the Red Cross will be here the Chem and Met seniors at 11 a. October 10 between 1:30 and 5:30 m., the Student Industrial Relations p. m. Those wishing to give blood and Personnel Board at 4 p. m., and should sign up at the Health Servthe engineering staff last night at ice tomorrow and Saturday or their first meeting of the term, within-the next five days, which was attended by about 200 \Quaj/fi.cations are that the indiof the staff. Addresses sched.uled for viOTm must be between the ages of today include: seniors at 11 a. m., 21 and 60 and they must not weigh room 201, Civil Engineering Build- less than 100 pounds. Any student ing; seniors at 4 p. m., I’oom 207, who is under age and wishes to take
an active part in the National Emergency by pledging his blood may do so by obtaining permission
from his parents.
Goal Is 75
The goal of the blood bank is to have at least 75 donors. So far only 33 have volunteered. “Doc” Miller staled that “This has been a very disappointing tiuiiout for a large
Seven seniors, who served on the ,
graduated last week, and the second class will complete their train-
ing in another lO days.
This group differs from former gioups, however, in that there are several officers who rank higher than Ensign. There are three Lieutenants, 22 Lieutenants (junior grade), and 26 Ensigns. The entire group is I'loni Naval Midshipmen
School, Noithwcstern University, Military Ball committee last year as ^ Abbott Hall, Chicago, whcie they junior representatives, will select ® ^ ns is one way s u
received an eight-week indoctrina- the juniors who will serve on the
tion com sc.
Military Ball Olfidais To Interview Junior Applicants Today At 4
The Student War Council has
Frosh Gobble lu Grudge Fight
^iKA. PiKPhi W!l[ Hold Pastry Push bh lihion Steps thmlirrow At 430
By Jim Richardson
Have you seen a freshman with blue lips wandering about with a fapatical gleam in his eyes lately? If so, you have probably had a piomonition that the annual PiKA-
PiKPhi pie eating contest is about , , , ,,-1,1 tt . i- ,.1 tit
to splatter loose upon the peaceful
committee this year. They will hold interviews this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Armory for applicants. Four of the new members will be chosen from M.T. 6 and four will be taken
from M. T. 6 this year.
All juniors in Advanced ,ROTC who wish to be members of the committee are urged to appear for interviews, whether or not they signed the list provided at Regis-
tration. ’
The seven seniors who are on the committee, having served last year,
dents, wlio are not in the armed forces can do their part. John E. Gault, a junior Electrical Engineer, was the first to volunteer and has now donated his blood for the fouith
time.
Prof. Hazelton Will Address Meredith Club
Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the Department of Physical Education for Women, will be the speaker at the first regular meeting of the Vir-
pie, at leasf ridding himself of it The contest of crust and blue- are: Cad. Colonel A. L. Jackson, in the simplest method, he then beiries was started because both chairman; Cad. Colonel W. H.
runs back to the corner. The win- fraternities began with the Greek Lupke, Cad. Major R. L. Hadley, . . „ „ v, n k x ner is awaided ope point, the rijn- letter “Pi.” In the first race each Cad. Major Fred I. Jones, Cad. 1st V' Meredith Club, home eeo neuip two, etc. The team with the team member received a stomach- Lt. H. T. Smith, Cad. 1st Lt. E. M. comics oiganization^ to e he i on
lowest .score wins, Init each con- ache as a result of having to eat Lewiecki and Cad. 1st Lt. P. G.
community of West Lafayette.
Annual Event
This battle of the bluebeiry pastries has been held annually for the
the hands at any time is not per- used in the revised piograni. initted. Judges for this year’s contest will PiKA’s Vow Vengeance 1'^'—pause for exclamation and emThe PiKa’i^ say that they will ob- Phasis-twclve beautiful coeds, who
past SIX years', So far the PiKPhi’s tain possession of the coveted enticed from each sororhave won three contests and the trophy, a coppci pie platq, from lesidence hall for the glory PiKA’s have won two (the first bat- i,heu avals this year- Their chief * e ^occasion.^The bite by bite
tie ended in a draw.) Both teams are threat is the fact tl^at they havq qpe confident of victory in this season’s fleet-swallowing stalwart who has mqet. eaten a qiiaitcr pie in nine sccon'ds
The contestants will meet tomor- flat. Bubbling Blueberries
{
the race will be WBAA for those
Monday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the auditorium of the Home Economics
Building.
Miss Hazelton, who is state representative for women on the physical fitness program of the Indiana Defense Council, was yesterday asked to come to Washington for two weeks to work on the national
Announcement has just been re- fitness program. She will speak on ceived from the War Department the subject, “Kecrcalioii and the that enlistmenti^ in the An Force War”. Enlisted Reserve of ground crew She will sfciess tlie importance of applicants for Armament and Pho- mental as well as physical fitness
Air Corps Closes Two Enlistment Branches
row afternoon at 4:30 on the coiner The PiKPhi’s have not issued a If you want to see blueberries tography have been discuatipued and will discuss the oppoituiuties of Slate and Grant streets and will direct statement as yet but it is bubbling from the gory throat of until further notice. and responsibilities of the college race from there fo tlie south Union rumored what they might lack in a PiKA pledge or these same afore- Students desiring to enlist in the woman in pi’omotiivg recreation for steps where the actual guzzling wjU (paling speed they will make up in said fruits welling from the dead- Air Force Enlisted Reserve may men in the armed forces, in their take place. After the team member single bile capacity and fleetness of ened eyes-of a PiKPhi pledge, Come now apply for Air Crew duty, Engi- own homes and in their commuiii-, has either eaten or soaked up his foot. ' to the contest Friday. neeriAg and Meteorology only. ties.
w
'(Si
T, <1
—MW4
> i
p I f
^ • fi t Page 2 'V j»j
f f
' t I
Purdtie Exponent
1 f X ^ ^ Thursday^ October 1, 1942^
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial ttnd Butinittf Purdue Memorial Unions Bhone 4065 Sports, Pieldhouse, Phone 2702 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m, 5377
Fditor in Chief Vci s I ditor iRiapinir Fclitor bp r s Lditor i-iiis c‘«s Jianaffcr Coed Fdifor
John F Amos Don T Brophr John H Annktrona Robert L Hodl^ Ken K Gjemre Alice Chaifltid
Publication Staff Associate Editor* EdiJrrial Staff D W Ochciltree A P Hunter W E Rafert 1 L H t7 W G Hoskins R W Boswinkle K Roquemore S W If por s (aff D E Brewer J S Dawson, D Shtyer C
'' a
1 alall Sally Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Elaine
1 I s
Business Staff
C cd Bu ness Manager Julia Martin \ t ns Managers J M Wright D L Johnson J Petty t irr ation Manager G H Klouman tre ants Manager Tiena Torrenga luni r Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent'
Edit n Chief anag rg Editor Bus -1C s Manager C 11 Editor 4d>cr(isini>- Manager Acenan s Manager C rculitiiii Manager
Dare Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin lirelbanm Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Ni t Ed to Rafert Sports Editor Dawson D I 1 tor Ahrens Issue Editor Martindell Reperters Gcihardt Mann Cnylor McGill Tilton Holland ■’ r R ups Boynes Lunch Donham Gregory Sanders 3ai 1 am R ppclal Tuttle
ter 1 s cord doss matter at the post office in Lafay d ona und r the act of Congress of March 3 1879 I ne ate of postage provided for in section J f 0 " 191 authorlced January 20 1922 I n o sday Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings Delivered locally by carrier for $1 7B fpr a r 0 b uO for t vo semesters by mail for $2 00 for a t r u 50 for two semesters 0 me ter mailed subscription $1 50 n d for national advertising by National Advertis S r Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 on A e New York N Y
Bleed For Your Country. . . Last Sunday an opportunity for students 0 make a concrete contribution to the war cP'oi t pi esented itself An announcement was 1 lade in the Exponent that day of the need fov tudents or staff members as blood donors to the National Red Cross Blood Bank. Although the goal of the Red Cross was bi t 75 donors out of a large University, as ct only 33 students and staff members have fledged their blood at the Student Health SuMce A. lack of ready spending money may certainly be a good leason for the absence of a laigG student war bond investment However, tiiv. e aie few persons on this campus who can claim a great deficiency of blood. Everyone has blood, and the other requirements for \o’unteer«, that they be in general good bnit>' be 21 years of age or have parental ^ and weigh 100 pounds, are far btrictive Miller IS reopening the drive for blood tnteers There is still time for students 0 pledge their blood at the Health Service "11 laise the thus far disappointing number, <^1 le-^entinfe less than one-half of one per c-i t of the student body, who haye voluntwCicd The giving of blood costs nothing save a 1 ^Ic time and patriotism The example of one student who is donating his blood for the ^0 1 th t me should be enough to inspire more +uilow hib suit Certainly the letting of d thi ough a hypodermic needle is much 1 painful and inconvenient than the letting (X bicod on the battlefield that so many of\our ^ icL and relatives are doing today
Ights Out.. .
T1 oc gu many of the complaints made by iuc tudents concerning University grievle insignificant, one remark which 1 coeds especially, make—“Why isn’t the I'cn Hall clock lighted at night*'”—is 1T cf consideration from the authorities I '^i may seem a small point, yet the girls f tl aie supposed to be in when that clock s 11 urd people on the campus at night
f (
J the fact that they can’t see
p ''e tne clock is situated high in Heavilon io v.' end lb operated for the convenience of ^ dents, why couldn’t it be lighted in the dark bin ' i Jowo will be rushing to 6 o’clock dinner 1 PC dark son, and coeds will be hurrying to 11\ c home before hours So the little amount ( loub'e ’t would cause authorities to light u 1 Luc clock would be many times repaid by L ( appi eciation of Purdue students —c f h
I Lewis B. Grafft* 32 attended officeri,’ training school at Miami I ( ci hia and was lated second in his graduation cli 1 (i ovci 000 He is now located at Kelly Field ) K. flihit school as tactical officer Lieuf*. Robert* L. Page 42 Science giaduate, who has been here from loit Sill Okla, for a shoit leave, has left for Caliloima on a new Aimy assignment
<^e VttSlIMfiTOH tm 8.1, U 1 8it OK MERRY-CO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Russia Bans U. S. Observers Wit-h Red Army; U. Delays Soviet Purchase Of Refinery WASHINGTON—Russia’s refusal to permit U S observers near the Eed Army fighting lines still irks the War Department, and it is hoped that Wendell Willkie can use his persuasive charm to get Stalin to yield on this point However, a backstage look at certain Russia nego tiations here makes you understand why the Russians are suspicious One of these is the manner in which we have delajed six priceless months in selling two old oil refineries in Tyler and Longview, Texas, while the big oil companies jockeyed over how much royalties the Russians should pay them If these refineries had been shipped to Russia and set up behind the lines when first proposed last March, the Russian army would not be paralyzed—as it will be after the fall of the Caucasus You can understand Russian suspicion even better when you examine some of the behind the scenes maneuvers with both Japan and Eussia befoie Peail Harbor The Japs were treated with more friend ship than the Russians Here are two examples Example No 1 Early in 1940 the Japs had con tracted with the M W Kellogg Company to purchase a $3,000,000 oil cracking plant to manufactuie avia tion gaSoline in Japan They had paid $20,000 down and considered the deal closed However, Secietaiy Hull previously had ui ged that American oil com panics not sell gasoline to Japan in view of its bomb mg of China, and the Kellogg Company finally de cided that the construction of a gasdline plant in Japan might violate the spirit of Hull’s request • Japs Get U. S. Secrets So Di Mam ice Cooke of the Kellogg Company told -the Jap representatives m New York that the deal was off, and that their $20,000 would be le turned “No, you keep the money, we have a contract,” was the Jap reply “We know jou want to keep gaso line secre|;s from us,” the Jap continued, “but look ” He took out a thick booklet marked “Imperial Japanese Navy” and showed on page 106 the “know how” or carefully guarded trade secrets for mak ing aviation gasoline belonging to the Kellogg Com pany. Shell and Universal Oil Products “Where did you get this'”’ asked the amazed Cooke “We pay $700,000 to Universal Oil Products Company in Japan,” was the reply Note —Universal Oil Pioducts Company is a pat ent pool owned by Standard Oil of New Jersey, Standard Oil of Indiana, the Texas Company and M W Kellogg Company, the same group which also negotiated the synthetic lubbei deal with the Nazis and which now is the chief beneficiary of the Jesse Jones contracts for synthetic rubber factories • Russians Rebuffed Example No 2 The Kelloggs Company (which though a member of Universal Oil Pioducts to some extent competes with it) did not sell the ciacking plant to Japan But one yeai latei on Jan 14, 1941 It received a signed letter from Russian representa tives in the United States ordering $35,000,000 of aviation gasoline plants These were to be trans ported to Eussia and set up in “safe” areas Appar ently the Russians alieady figured they would be at tacked by Hitler and feaied loss of their Caucasian oil Befoie closing the deal, howevei, Frank Johnson, vice president of Kellogg, went to Washington and consulted with the State Department He came back with this advice “The State Department doesn’t want the Russians to know it IS blocking the deal, but it says we can not sell the plants They want us to say we’re too busy with other work ” This was what Kellogg representatives told the Russians, but the latter were skeptical They spent an hour quizzing the Kellogg people, trying to find out if it wasn’t the State Department which really had blocked the deal So today you can understand why the Russians are still suspicious Note —Bernal d Baruch ciiticized the fact that Jesse Jones never secured Russia’s seciet foimula for synthetic rubber, even though the Russians of fered it But Baruch didn’t disclose the leason foi Jones' failuie, namely that the Russians asked foi the “know how’ on cracking aviation gasoline m letuin foi then lubbei infoimation and the big oil companies dickered ovei the royalties • 'Small Potatoes' McKeough Congressman Raymond S McKeough lighting foi the Senate seat of C Waj-land Brooks fiom Illinois has foiged a potent weapon for himself out of at tacks on him by his opposition Poi weeks The Chicago Tiibune which suppoits “Cnailie McCaithy Brooks has lefeiied to the Con gressman as Raymond S “Small Potatoes Me Keough So McKeough has accepted this label, announced that “Small Potatoes” symbolizes his devotion to the cause of the little fellow As a result Small Potato Clubs have been oigamzed thi ough out Illinois Mem hers weal buttons shaped like a potato and pay $1 for them—which is helping finance the McKeough cam paign The new slogan has captuied the imagination of Illinois voters and politicians say McKeough has a real chance of beating Brooks • Time Was Time was when you could walk thi ough the White House giounds as if they weie a public paik when the Piesident diove arourd town in an open car when the State Department made the most impoitant news in Washington when an obliging lady took care of all Navy pi ess relations single handed when a gardener named Burns created new varieties of chiysanthemums at the coinei of Fourteenth and Constitution Avenue when you often saw a sign in front of a building leading “Apaitments for Rent” when a man named Willkie got into the papers foi opposing the TVA when a Geiman newsman named Sell gave some of the best paities in town when it was a scandal to be seen at the Soviet Embassy when you could sail little boats on the Reflecting Pool without bumping into a Temporai‘y Building and when a soft light played about the shoulders of Abe Lincoln's statue in the Lincoln Memorial But not any more (Copyiight, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidity
‘Why should HE be coddled I’m liable to be drafted before he la
University Calendar Thursday, October 1
3 00 PM Scieen Review
Hall of Music
Friday, October 2 10 00 A M Sc Cmriculum Committee Room 263 Union 8 30 P M Riveteis Rassle South Balhoom Union Today's Screen Review
News—9 mm.
Guardians of the Sea—10 mm. We Do It Because—10 mm. Scenic Grandeur—9 mm. Playgirls—10 mm. Popular Science No. 3—10 mm. Sittm’ Pretty—10 mm. Art of Self Defense—-8 mm.
3-00-
Personxiel Notes Companies to visit campus h irestone Tire & Rubber Co, Ak ion Ohio—-October 5 and 6 ME ChE, Chem PSE Also giils intei ested in laboiatoiy woik and diaft mg Aluminum Company of America, Pittsbuigh Pennsylvania—Octobei 6 Interested in MetE ME ChE PSE, EE Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Bui bank California—Octobei 6 American Locomotive Company, Schenectady New York—Octobei 7 Interested m ME MetE ChE Vickers Incorporated, Detioit Michigan—Octobei 12 and 13 Intel ested m ME AeioE Sign in Pei=on nel Office befoie Monday Octobei 5 Monsanto Chemical Company St Louis Missoui!—Octobei 15 Can didates for phD in Organic an 1 Physical Chemistiy Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Octobei 14 Sylvania Electric Produip Inc Salem Ma'-sachusett —Octobei 20
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Uaherssiy Book Store AcroRN From Uni o Red Soinmnnfl 29 Doc* Epple *40
PLUS —SECOND Hit
MaiiI
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
AS TRUE AS IT IS THRILLING
-PLUS
A BEAUTY LURES A BAD to his DOOM!
ro,OT.K.« J
Squier Squeaking
We originally stalled out to interview a sword-swallower who got the hiccoughs and stabbed thiee people, but on the way to meet him we happened to run into C Quincey Quickletick, the famous poet the sword swallower was soon forgotten in our efforts to interview tHiSi* genius of the poetry woild You have probably heard of Quickletick He IS often refei red to as the “poet laureate of Brooklyn” or sometimes as just plain “stinky” , ^ When we met Mi Quickletick, he was standing on his front lawn k'lfting grasshoppers with his yo-yo He is a very small man In fact, Broadway night clubs used to clamor foi his services as a waiter because hte made then sandwiches look biggei Qpincey’s most distinguishing characteristic IS his buck teeth When he smiles you either duck ot get bayoneted But, being the genius that he is, we cun forget about Quickletick’s physical characteristics After all, even though his mother and father were twins, that’s no sign that he should look alike Although we weren’t aware of it at the time, the first question we asked Mr Quickletick was destined to be our last remark during the whole interview All we said was “What brought yoli here to the University, Mr Quickletick?” “I’m taking a toui of the nation’s colleges doing lesearch for my new book of poems,” he replied “I like it heie at Purdue better than any college I’ve been to yet You should have seen the hotel in the last town I visited They didn’t have any heating systeip Eveiy half hour they sent in a giizzly beai to hug you ^ ' •’ “The best pait tup was the tram iide to Lafayette Listen to this poem I compo^ on my expeiience “She was young and fan and pietty, She’s a giil I’ll nevei foi get We were in a Pullman sleeper. When by ac-ident we met Yes I always shall lemember well The girl and time and place, I was coming ffom the upper berth A^nd stepped upon her face “Since my ariival on the campus heic I have leceived my fiist m spu ation for my book of college poems I stayed up all last night and finally completed the fiist poem at four thiity this morning Here it is ‘ I’m a little collich boy, I drink beer And my tummy sticks Way out here “Well ’ concluded Quickletick “that is about all I can tell you now I haven t made any plans foi tonight yet I think 111 call up the beauty shop and ask them to send one ovei ” We left huiriedly thinking that although Quickletick put enough fire in his poems he ceitamly didn t put enough of his poems in^the fiie
3:18—4:34 3.27—4:43 3:37—4:53 3:47—5:03 3-56—5.12 4.06—5:22 -4:16—5:32
3-10—4-26—5:42
OUT—5:50
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
Intel ested m EE PSE ME Physi cists B F Goodrich Co , Akion Ohio— Octobei 8 Standard Oil Development Com pany, Esso Laboratories Elizabeth New Jeisey Octobei 8 Wabash Railroad Company De catui Illinois Intel ested in M E , E E Sign m Personnel Office by Wednesday, Octobei 7 National Radiator Company Johnstown Pennsylvania Interest ed m Ch E Met E ME PSE Sign in Personnel Office by Satui day Octobei 10
STUDENT HELP WANTED complete board jobs available Apply G.O. ARBUCKLE Cary Hall (South)
TODAYTHRU SATURDAY
CRARUE RUGGLE^ CHARLOTTE GREENWOOP lYNN BARI • Cornel wilde
iA’-RE/UIL-U SUHAl 1hT2”gH'AP7'[RS
Latest RATHE NEWS
40E E. LEWIS DfCjt FOrAn* grpest ffwex Sh^tftp Hfewhrd ‘ and THE JIVIN' MCKS « OILLS
lOUMf - rOMOROW-
^$ur WAR mm ni bohds «t m mUfS/
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. A ROBUST STORY OF BOLD ADVENTURE, VIBRANT ROMANCE IN TNE DAYS OF THE CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH!
1 JOHN WAYNE
IN OLD CALIFORNIA!,♦ ■'
thurB^dy, October i, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
52-0 Win, Offense ■gridiron fans were thrilled last Saturday which their home town squad, the ^Ih^bHt Cof^ipodores, handed to the Gol4en Eagles of Tern ne^^eeTech. ? ^^u^Iey Stadium was the scene of a lot of experimenting dh/the part of Coach Henry “Red” Sanders—^both defensively atid 'ofFensively—^as he pre- —— '....- — ^ted tor the Boilermaiter in- csnter; Julian Olsen, end, Jaek this Saturday, ^ Thpse jenkins, right half, and Art Rebrotp thousand , spectators who vich, (Quarter, adorn the first string S^'^, Jjhlhix handle the squad, And Sanders has only two liall only hve‘ tiihes and scamp- bench to substitute. A; down the fleld to three S.mm.n.-147 Pound, ^ . ■ ' f, ■ ; V . ,,, Vanderbilts IS not heavy—that is ^chdq1vii8,aujl ^aw little Squirrel ^ known fact. It relies on the Sit^mons rfi^h ’hqdly around is gpged of such men as Squirrel Sim-' r^ht end for two more touchdowns, mdns, 147-pounder, and Art Rebroeloect to see that same brand of i66-pound back, to make up hhW qgain this week-end, when Van- deficit in speed. Jenkins d?rbilt plays host to Burnham’s ^gi,b have the weight in the aquqd. backfield. Webb, a former end, was Iqttle Competition Offered converted to fill the shoes left empty hy Bushmaier’s departure. the. Ragles in a 42-0 breather , and IneKpefience apparently is Vanthe 62-0 score, the largest scored greatest obstacle, having lost since 1931, when the Commodores ^f its powerhouses who helped' West Kentucky 52-6, indi- piake last season one of the most c^tes little competition was pre- successful Vanderbilt has seen in shnted.. The Eagles were kept out- rnany years. To date the Commosrcle their foes’forty yard lin^, gain- ^j.es, in 442 all-time games, have ing only three first downs against won 303, lost 111, and tied 28 for Yahdqrbilt. ^ a wonderful collegiate record. They . Chief, scoring punches of Coach ^ave scoi’ed an amazing total of Sphders, ussd; effectively against all io,361 points to their opponents’ cpmers last year, have been hard- 3,902, boasting a 105-0 win over hittingy. highrstepping plays from a Bethel College in 1912. single wingback formation or short Sanders Continue? pqpt._ A backfield passing combina- whether or not Sanders can contfqn in evidence last Saturday con- ^nue the top-notch Vanderbilt avs^sied of Red Bums, tailback, to ej-age is still a little uncertain. His North. 52.Q juitial win helped matters, but Jhnkins, Rebrovich Back four important fumbles against ; ■ Coach Red Sanders lost a power- ^ decidedly weaker team have stuck ful back when Bihks Bushmaier u^g ^ sore thumb. Saturday’s graduated last year, however Jack contest, with both squads on the ofJphkins, powerful senior, is back fguse, is rated as a first-rate battle. Sgain, along with Art Rebrovich, For the statisticians:, W'ho cqu^eid the Riveters consider- Tenn. able.fl^^'^lh last year from the tail- pirst do.wns '^“24^ bbck'spot.'''Jenkins played the full Yards gained from Bcrimmage .839 26 ii/i •> n Yards gained by rushing 606 30 ® ''’la. Yards lost by rushing...; 25 29 ivAlthSilfn'Vanderbilt has moaned Yards gained by passes....: 25 loudly this season of its weaknesses. Passes completed 4 3 ||th in the line a^^^ Sainfd byTntercfption:;:;.:;'.;'.Z^^^^ 9 0 Saji that fJiay liave'as tough a line, Number of punts. 4 14 if not tougher, than that of last Total yardage punt returns 41 0 year.'Ordy four seniors, Fred Hold- Ya^s‘^t by pei.aUy ::Z:;:::;Z' 85 zl
S
poTfl Gommunique
Burnham Picks Junior Halfback
Eight Teams Remain With touch football opening in just a week,' the intramural office' announced yesterday that the fraternity softball playoffs will begin this evening at 4:16 on the Intramural'Field. Since early September, the fraterpity teams have been dueling each other on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. At the beginning of the softball season there were about thirty-five teams entered in the competition. Most of them have completed their six game schedule and now the topnotchers .Of these thirty-five will be eligible to’ play in the playoffs. here will be eight teams in the playoff. Which will last three rounds, for the winners and runners-up. Four teams will remain after the first round, two after the second, and the final game between the two survivors will determine the winner of the softball award which usually consists of a house trophy and keys for the members of the team. Four Teams Conflict When playoffs were announced, there was a four team conflict. Sigma Alpha Mu and Phi Kappa Psi each won five games and lost only one. Phi Kappa and Phi Kappa Tau were in the same boat having lost two and won 'four. These teams played yesterday afternoon to determine which would enter the playoff. The schedule for this afternoon brings together tffe heavy hitting combinations for a fight to the finish. On diamond. 1, Sigma Nu and Sigma Phi Epsilon will battle it out under the watchful eyes of Umpires Nestle and Rogers. Diamond 2 will be the scene of the fracas between Alpha Gamma Rho and either Alpha Mu or Phi Kappa Psi. Umpires Bussing and Shook will give the decisions in this tilt. Kappa Delta Rho and ?hi Delta Theta will mix it up on diamond 3, with Umpires Musselman and Emerson doing the officiating. On diamond 4, Pi Kappa Alpha and either Phi Kappa or Phi Kappa Tau will compete. In the regular season. Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta and Alpha Gamma Rho each won six and lost none. Those teams which won five and lost one are Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Phi Kappa Psi, Kappa Delta Rho, and Pi Kappa Alpha. Phi Kappa and Phi Kappa Tau each won four and lost two. If Phi Kappa Tau wins over Phi Kappa, and thereby enters the playoffs, it will be their second taste of honor this year. During the summer semestei', they were runner-up in the fraternity softball competition.
z , Kenneth Smock, junior left halfback from Indianapolis Saturday afterfio'^iiii^r scW^^ provide some of the gridiron whose versatile play provided one of the bright Spots of last claBsles of the cufcMiifesol) with some of the top teems meeting ih Saturday’s encounter with Pordham, will serve as acting PoT- ' due captain against Vanderbilt at Nashville on Saturday in the
second straight intersectional contest for the Boilermakers, it was announced last night by Coach Elmer Burnham foIIqWr
intersectional clas|i4|i i»^l
materials to add tpifSi^ crystal-gazing for use in picking winners A host of Boilert^ajkers|';,decidirig that their tires laid end to end ^ woud not reach |q,.Vahde^^^ back, are going up to Evanston to take a look at'/^hirthW^ttfern in their tilt with the Texas Longhorns, The ,will pijqbably rule as favorites to rope and tie the Texans oni'tKe ,strength of their showing against the Iowa
■Cadets. ..r ■ ■ .
Up at Ann Ai^bor, l^ionigan will meet the Spartans of Michigan State in the opening tussj^Tt^. tbejJatter. The Wolverines, with the team that upset Great La kes7«<!|^fhgehte should not have too much difficulty quell-
ing the rebuilt Spaftahs^
7 At Columbus,uA Qhio^'^plpe playing host to Indiana.^ Both teams have high-scoriiig habit^rfi^^il! we’re from Ohio so we’ll take the . Buckeyes.. ' y ' A , ■ ' Wisconsin efttertains! thef'pilltoppers of Marquette University at Madison. Marqtiette’lhdks pi^etty good, this year with a good many veterans refurnirt^ but'tKey wjlr have'plenty of trouble with that Badger
delegation—top much, we think. ;
Minnesota i.^ill meet the high-geared Iowa Cadets and their old coach, Berrim’Bierman, in one of the only tilts this year that the : Gophers will go on the field not favorites, in all corners. Apparently there are those who think that the power of the Navy Flying Cadets won’t be stopped this season.by college elevens.' We think the Gophers will stop ’em. We’ll give you odds Bierman hopes so, too. The Hawkeyes are going to meet the Great Lakes crew at Iowa City. The Hakvkeyes have looked plenty impressive in their two starts thus far. Tom Farmer has been CQmpl®tieg passes for points with considerable regularity.' The Great Lakes team made liarZout of us last week when they dropped a 9-0 verdict to the Wolverines. We think they have he material and the coaCh, however, and we’ll string along with them
another week, at least. •
To go the rest of the way around the Western Conference we have remaining ,the Illinois-Btitler , contest. Without even dusting off the coin we’ll join everybody and say Illinois. Notre Dame will take the field At South Bend ip their annual meeting with “Yellow Jackets”, of Georgia Tech. If Bertelli gets under way, the Irish should Win rather handily: If he doesn’t they still ought to win.
IN TRAM U R A L S
The first round , of the Fraternity Softball playoffp will be played Thursday evening, Oct. 1, at 4:15:
Diamond
1
silon. Umpires, Nestle-Rogers.
8 W. Haines vs. D. C. Rasmussen, '9 Bill Hopkins vs. W. Stevenson. 10 F. L. McQuary vs. J. Gumpper.
„ ^ .. 4., 11 Mike Kavalow vs. A1 Geraci. Sigma Nu vs. Sigma 12 Jim Murdoch vs. E. Schuman.
13 Steve Thomas vs. J. Anderson.
ing the conclusion of an effective offensive scrimmage ses-
sion.
Smock, who will be the Boilermaker leader for the day, averaged better than six yards a crack on running plays against Fordham; got off two punts for better than 40 yards apiece, and completed two passes, in addition to performing well defensively. Work On Blocking Increasing the effectiveness of the blocking in order to make possible a more sustained running attack was emphasized during the afternoon’s scrimmage session. Bprnham indicated that he would stick to virtually the same lineup that opened against Fordham although Forrest McCaffry, veteran left end who has been bothered by a knee injury, may see considerable action. Coach Elmer Burnham is hopeful that his forward wall may be bolstered for the Vanderbilt Wme; by the return to full time action of Ewell O’Bryan, husky letterman tackle from Terre Haute, who dislocated his shoulder in the freshman
encounter.
Three Straight Road Games . The Vanderbilt tilt will mark the
first of three straight road encounters for the Boilermakers, who will plunge into Western Conference competition when they meet Northwestern at Evanston on October 10 and then continue against Ohio State at Columbus on October 17
Those big bats of the New York before returning to the home lot for Yankees struck viciously again yes- the Homecoming tussle with Wisterday in their third consecutive consin on October 24. .
y ^4
Kenny Smock
Ruffing Pitches YankeesTo7 4 WinAtStLouis
Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Si^a ^4 Don Miller vs. Bob Wells.
Alpha Mu or Phi Kappa Psi. Umpires, Bussing-Shook. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta. Umpires, Musselman-
Evorything for a College Education DEAC’S
Emerson. 4 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa or Phi Kappa Tau. Umpires, Swartz-S. Rudasics. The second round of the play-offs will be played Tuesday evening and the finals are cheduled for Thursday evening, October 8. The following Freshman Tennis Singles must be played by Friday evening, Oct. 2. This is the last time this round of matches will be scheduled. Anyone failing to play their match will automatically be eliminated from the tournament: Court . , 1 J. Treffinger ,ys.,j Tom Ewing. 2 Dick Wolff vs,,Aj, Wunder. 3 J. W. Stine vs, ,psCar Smuckler. ■ 4 Bill Metsker vSi ..Bob Goodrich. 5 R. C. Cameron ,y,§. John Rodgers. 6 Bob Rawlings ys,,Bob Johnson. 7 W. P. Thompson,.vs, R. Gregg.
15 P. B. Ford vs. Nat Laskin. 16 Waldo Margulis vs. M. Russell. Anyone not having turned in the results of these matches at the Intramural Office will ,be considered
world series ■ performance. The Yanks With the able pitching of “Red” Ruffing, pounded out a 7-4 verdict over a fighting crew of St, Louis Cardinals. The game played in Sportsman Park in St. Louis was played before a record crowd of
play.
The Boilermakers will wind up their drill for the Vanderbilt game here this afternoon, leaving here shortly after midnight for Nashville.' The squad is scheduled to arrive in Nashville /in time for a light workout at the Commodore stadium
as having not played the ifiatch," tomorrow afternoon. A There are schedules posted on the Ruffing ■ pitched no-hit ball for At 4:30 this, evening, at the close bulletin board of the Intramural seven and twoTthirds innings. In of the varsity workout, a game ber Office at all times, where you are to the seventh, with two out, Terry tween the ““B” team and the freshpost your match immediately after of the. Cardinals got the first man squad is scheduled. This tilt
hit for the Cards with a stinging, sharp single to center field. The Yankee pitcher regained his control after this blow and retired the side without any further damage. Yesterday’s game helped Ruffing equal the record of having pitched
in seven world series.
The annual, fall decathlon con- Boore Four In Ninth
test opened yesterday afternoon in The “Gas House Gang” from St.
Ross-Ade Stadium. The decathlon Louis went seven innings in a three lineup on the field as started against is a competition participated in by 'op, three down style and started the Riveters-in the 27-0 encounter both the varsity and the freshman their only rally, too late, in the played two weeks ago. Both of these track aspirants and the purpose of ninth. There were. two puts in the teams have been working out regu-;
ninth when Ruffing walked a, man, larly against the varsity and are then six hits were ripped off allow- expected to show vast improvement
Annual Fall Decathlon Features Track Drills
is to be held on the varsity practice field and is open to tlje public. Sam Voinoff, coach of the “Bees”, is expected to start approximately the same lineup which started against the varsjty three weeks ago when Burnham’s regulars ^n up a topheavy score over his charges. Freshman Coach Emmett Lowery is also being counted upon to put a similar
Arrow Covers the Campus! • , ArrO'ir Sliirts will see you tlirougli all your college . activities—curricular and otherwise. Stock up toii day oil some handsome Arrow fancies in popular i collar styles and a variety of fabrics, Mitogatailored to fit your torso, and Sanforized-labeled (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). $2.25 up. Be extra smart and buy some smooth,, wrinkleresistant Arrow ties! $1 up.
-
★ M»y U. S. WAK BONOS ANP STAMPS it
ARROW SHIRTS
TIES •,COLLARS • HANDKERCHIEFS .'UN'DERWEAR'.'SP.,0R-T SHI.RT.S
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
r
/i
0
it is to provide an all around conditioner instead of having each individual man merely practice for his one special event. Points are to be awarded according to each man’s position in each event, and naturally the runner exhibiting the greatest proficiency over a wide range of events will finish on top. .
Event.s Include
....Events of the decathlon will include: 75 yard dash, 330 yard dash, 660 yard dash, 1329 yard run, broad jump, shot put, discus throw, high jump, and the 120. yard low hurdles. Three'events a day will he run off and all events will he run once a week. The contest ilsclf v/ill last
three weeks.
Bob Livinghousc was the winner of last year’s decathlon, but so far this year ho has not been out for track. Of the first five men to place in-the contest last year, only one of them is back in the competition this
year.
The decathlon is being held under the supervision of Coach Homer Allen. It is to be stressed that the contest is open to both varsity and freshmen track men, and all fresh-
men that are interested
ing the Cardinals to score four runs, over their last performances.
Boilermaker Cross Country Team Plays Host To Illinois In Initial Meet Saturday With final preparations well under why, the Boilermaker Cross .Country team will run the first time this season in de^ fense of its Big Ten Charnpionshi^ as they play host to the University of Illinois runners Saturday afternoon on the home
course. The meet is scheduled to begin at 1:30.
The seven starters for the Boilermakers have been selected
on a competitive basis. Head -
couraged petition.
to enter this fall com
Coach Hermon Phillips chose as his line-up the first seven finishers in a race which was run on the entire course. Leading the pack of aspirants was Fred Kinder, with a time of 18:53, while Ken Lynch, Darrell Roach,
Jim Ashwell, Ed Seward, Willie three home football games with Harrer and Harry Michael followed Wisconsin, Great Lakes, and Inin order close behind, thus winning diana, will be launched on Monday berths on the starting team. Inci-. when seniors, may exchange the dentally, Kinder’s time of 18:53 is proper 'coupons in their passports en- the present record for the course. at the ticket office in the men’s gjrm-
Students May Get
Distribution of resei-ved seats to the student body for the remaining
Cleveland Airplane Kits $3.00 up Max Factor Pancake $1.50 XX, FX and V Film Photo Chemicals Photo Paper MIXED NUTS Peanuts, all oven fresh Cigarette Lighters, 39c up to $6.50 UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE Next to the Post Office 305 State St. Phone 4095
Duesler Out ' nasium, it^ was pointed out in ^ The odds for a victory for the statement issued last night by C. S. Boilermakers have been severely Doan, ticket manager and assistant
shortened, however, as Chuck Dues- athletic director.
ler, one of their best runner, may not see action Saturday. Duesler is in the hospital, under observation, with an infected ankle, and it is doubtful whether he will be able to
start. .
The freshman squad, meanwhile, week
after working out daily side by side Schedule For Distribution
with the varsity, will open its competitive season the following Saturday, with the Indiana frosh provid-
ing the opposition.
The distribution of senior tickets will be continued through Tuesday, with junior tickets to be distributed next Wednesday and Thursday. Sophomore and freshman tickets will be distributed the following
OR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayatt*
The complete schedule of dates for the distribution of student tick-
ets follows:
Oct. 5- 6—Seniors. Oct. 7- 8—Juniors. Oct. 12-13-’^Sophomores. Oct. 14-16—Freshmen.
Following the completion of the student distribution, all remaining tickets will be made available to the general public, "^ • -.'k ’
:MiChy^^h' " 4>
/.
‘ V V ^ ^ H -^1 ^ ^ ^ \Purdue mponent
} i» '■‘Myfl ^ ‘I'TSC V i ^ S>^
Waf Training Classes Subway Queens
'll
For Tmnspeople Continue Erirbllment
^War tratfting claSsfs are still o^n‘ to the citizefts of Lafayette and West Lafayette. More than 300 to't^hspeojple, over half of them women, have already enrolled in the classes which began last Monday. Registration, however, will continue until SattUrday for all courses. The courses of instruction are: Engineering Jffatheniatics, taught by A. I. May, Physics.Department; Advanced Time and Motion Study, by Lee Pipage, Geneial Engineeiing Department; Production Engineering, by A. M. Bramblett, PeerIfe^s Wire Company; Advanced Radio, by Harry Evans, Indiana State Policfe; and' Gear Fundamentals. Other classes include Engineering Drawing, Metallurgy of Aluminum, Fundamentals of Radio, Precision Measurement, Time and Motion Study and Industrial Chemistry. Dr. Ewing Will Speak To AIEE Tonight Dr. D. D. Ewing, head of the School of Electrical Engineering, wiH be the guest speaker at the initial meeting of the AIEE tonight at 7:30. This first meeting of the year will be held in room 264 of the Electrical Eiigineering Building and wiH be open to all Electrical Engineering students. Dr. Ewing will discuss the work and general activities of the department. He will acquaint new students iJvith the organization and will tallf about its functions. Other members /of the Electrical Engineering faculty wilj be introduced to the students. YWCA Secretary To Talk On Chinese Co-ops Thursday Miss Josephine Brown, a former YWCA secretary in China, will give a talk on the movement of the Chinese Industrial Cooperatives known as the Indusco, at 7:30 p. m. today in room 263 of the Union. Beginning in 1938, the Indusco has since been recognized as a means of providing livelihood for the refugees and to boost production of goods for the civilians and) the armies of
China.
htiss Brown has just returned from China from a tour through the Indusco districts. With her talk she will also show a film, “A Nation Rebuilds,” which tells the story of the cooperatives. The occasion is sponsored by the Chinese Students’ Club and refreshments will be served after the talk. Maflix, Allen Win AWS Frosh Positions . Mary Mattix and Francis Allen were elected fi-eshman I’epresentatives for AWS yesterday in an election by freshman giils. The two girls will serve in this position for one semester.
(Continued fi-oin page 1) the Sub Pub” and Virginia Barsoih Alpha Xi, with 938,360 votes will be “Queen of the. Shimmering Rails.” „ Tickets for the affair are on sale at the west dtesk of the Union, at a booth in front of the Sweet Shop or from Sigma Delta Chi actives and pledges for the amazing low price of $1.64%. Highlighting the entertainment scheduled during the evening will be a special command performance of the Royal Swedish Refugee Drum Corps and music furnished by the high class Free Netherlands Wiener Wurst Liberty Band. Maury Mahn and his Subway Ruffians will play between riots. ^ General theme of the frolic .will be built around an air raid shelter scene with all the trimmings. Blackouts will be in order throughout the
evening.
Original Costumes Wanted All rasselers are urged to use their ingenuity in designing costumes which harmonize with the surroundings. Theoretically an air raid is likely to come at any time and naturally, people just will enter the air raid shelter in what ever form they find themselves when the alarm sounds. Mustache And Beard Competition One of the greatest stunts of the evening will be the annual mustache and beard competition which has made the Riveter’s Rassle famous throughout the world. This year the competition has been streamlined and the queens will award a handsome prize to the male or female who exhibits the nicest goatee. Sarong To Be Awarded Tickets for the Rassle are 6 in. by 8 in. cards with a detachable stub. Purchasers are urged to deposit their stubs properly signed in the raffle for the special autographed copy of Dorothy Lamour’s Sarong which will be awarded in the form of a door prize. The Queen of the Sandbags will draw the stubs out of the hat and the lucky number wins the prize. WBAA To Present 'Union Open House' WBAA is inaugurating a new series of piograms this evening entitled “The Union Open House.” These broadcasts will be a regular Thursday feature fiom 7 to 7:16. The series is designed to present activities of the Union of interest to townspeople, students and faculty, and to keep' these people informed of goings-on in “the corner of the campus, yet the center of
activity.”
A feature spot on the show will be occupied by the juke box hit of the week, as taken from the Sweet Shop’s over-worked instrument. Hey Clarence! according to the readers digest this month happiness is not a station you arrive at but a manner of travelling now jimmy lunceford said that years ago the way he put it is it aint what you do its the way that
you do it
—mudball
Student Senate To Hold Callout Monday Afternoon Functioning as an activity tliat offers student services, the Student Sertate is composed of, junior o;xOcutives, elected membei’s and work-
eis.
The Senate will hold its callout for all sOCond'-semester freshmen and sophomores Monday afternoon at 4:15 in the Senate office on the second floor of the Unioh Building. All those responding to the calloUt will have the functions of the Senate and the workings of the various committees explained to them. At the end of his sophomore year, any worker is eligible for appointment by the senior board to a junior executive position for the following semester. All workers have an equal opportunity as do elected members of the Senate as the senior board usually picks four woi’kers and four elected members to executive positions. However, the constitution forbids choosing more than five from either group. This will be the only Student Senate call-out this semester. All sophomores and second-semester freshmen that are interested are strongly urged to attend the meeting Monday afternoon in the Senate office. Lazarus White Will Address ASCE At 7:30 Tonight All members of the Civil Engineering school are asked to attend the first meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight at 7:30. The meeting will be held in room 201 of the Civil Building. Lazarus White, president of Spencer, White, and Prentis Co., will be the guest speaker. White, also director of ASCE and for many years chairman of the ASCE committee on earth and foundations, wilt speak on some of the general experiences he has had in practicing engineering. He will give particular reference to housing foundation problems. Since old memberships expire on the day of this meeting, new memberships will be on sale.
Fearl Allen In1(truct» PfA Dancing CUss^s Last Tuesday'rtight, PTA members came to the Union ballroom, pand the necessary $2.60*31111 became* the largest dancing class PIA has ever sponsored. The clhsseS, taught by Pearl Allen of Lafayette, will continue on Monday night in the
ballroom.
No new members will be taken in this class after the next lesson, because each lesson depends upon the preceding one. Irene Noble ... of the accounting department, will leave her position at the University tomorrow for WAAC training at Fort Des Moines, loWa. She enlisted in the women’s auxiliary army corps over a month ago and is the third Woman to leave the University for active war duty.
Notices
Pi Tau Sigma Actlv^j Signal, tilli before Thursday in the M. E. oiflde f<tf plroic-soft-bail game with faculty Shturday, Odtober 3, at ■'Rotary jPavit. Wli? leay^ W. E^Building at la*:!!? p^m.V, ‘yi ,, —KOBRNER
MT 8^ The following atudcnM aW r^ report to ^gt. Dillltian irt thj ^
Classified Ads
Lost—Chaim bracelet. Vicinity of Kappa House. Reward. Phone 3282. Lost—One light tan pigskin glove. Near Union. Reward. 76501. Dick Gould. For Sale—1936 Packard convertible Radio, heater, new top, good condition. $276 Phone 41314. Lost—A Waltham pnomer wristwatch with brown band. Lost at Bond Rally.
Reward
Lost—Brown leather zipper notebook containing calculus book and spiral notebook in vicinitv of Music Hall Sept. 17. Notify Wooflhull, 5089. Rowaid. Lost—Lady’s iing Lrfrge blue-green set. Reward. Return to East Desk. Wanted—Student with experience in radio seivicc work with time available to act as shop assistant. Phone 4900. The Foster Shop Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 40’? Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Macnines, ail makes gold, rented, repaired, and pui^chased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern dt Columbia. Lost—Ladv’h ring Large blue-grcen set Reward. Return to East Desk
^ Aei^omodlcrs: Important meeting in room 80 of the Union at 7:8Q p. m, on Thursday, October 8. An election will bo held. Plans for the ratipg systems of contests- will be discussed. A club project will also bC decided upon. Evdryone make an effox'b to be present. —SMITH Physic4l( Kiifhm Work^rsl Students wlio worked dux^ing physical exams ihay get tht^ir checks by caUlng at the Student Health Service. —MILLER, M. D. Enlisfed* RbbeVve CoFpsAH male students arc reminded that cnlistmehtfe ih the ERC must be completed by Dec. 31 or the end of the freshman year, whichever date is later Applicants should apply now in room B-4 of the Armory in order that- enlistments may be completed before the close of the year. —GRAHAM AIEE: Mooting at 7:80 Thursday evening in room 264 of the EE Building- ..
—KEl^feR
Student War Council: Debris picture will be taken on Thursday at 4 p. ih. Watch
Thursday's paper for placfii
—DEUSTER
Gimlet Club: Bring signed passport coupons to mo before Thursday, October 1, if you want to sit in a block at games.
—FRASER
Condition Examinations in' Mathematics: Will be held on Saturday, October 3, vat 1.30 p. m. m Recitation Building. All students wha have C and I grades in Mathematics should obtain permits for this examination at the Mathematics office before October 1. —AYRES Pi Tau Sterna: Actives On picture committee working a table in M. E. lab check schedule in Reading Room. Please be prompt. —KOERNER Glider Club: Important meeting Thursday night, Oct. 1, at 7:30 in room 304 of the Union. —^SHAKEL Found: One pair of girl’s white cloth gloves \n the Union Music Room. Owner please call at checkropm. —WENDELL ME Seniors: Please pay the 86c for your picture on the composite photograph by Friday, Oct 2. Booth set up in ME lab 'ViH oe open each afternoon this week from 1 to 4 p. m to take the money. —KOERNER English and Speech Conditional Exams: Examinations for the removal-of-conditions in English and Speech will be given on Saturday afternoon, October 10, from 1 to 4, in Room 201, University Hall Removal-of-condition cards, obtainable at the English Office, should be properly filled out and the $2 00 fee paid prioi to the examination.
—CREEK
History. Gov. ana Econ. ‘C* Removal: Examinations foi the removal of conditions and incompletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will be held on Sat., Oct. 10, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance.
—ESTEY
Removal of C and I Gradoe in C. E. 41: An examination for the i*emoval of C and I grades will be held in room 125 of Heavilon Hall from 1 *30 to 4 :30 p. m. on Oct. 10. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from F. W. Greve prior to Oct 6, —GREVE Playshnp Sorority Ticket Committee: Will all members please leport total ticket sales to me. Phone 3301. —-SIMPSON
^ani^a 6luliV /Jib Itttikdl^s must ife vacated or signed for by Thursday, Oct. 1. If not, they will be opened to make room for active members. If you havc^ a looker, be sura it is assigned to you in the darkroom book or call me. 86692. —TRUEBLOOD Camera Members Of all cofhmittOcs are to mebi Thursday, ,Octbber at, 7:80 p. rfi. in the Baht Reception* Room. Be therO. N’cxt ThbWday, 8, thdre Will bo a gonoial meeting featuring a talk on “Industrial Photography”. F^r time, loom number, and other pertinent infbrmation,
watch thp Exi^OnOhR ^
-'t'lltJEbl.bOD
WAA Hockey: Cnllout Friday, October 2. Dress and bo pn Women's Field at 4 p. m. Beftinhers and advanced, ail coth'c out.
—GALBRAITH
^ fid Society: First rtifidLlig Of the ydalin Room 312 of the Union Thursday, Oetdher 1, at 7 :30. Election of oflicera, so everyone bo there. Refreshments of doughnuts and a'pples. —STULTS Fiafnl fnalnt itfemhak-a: Report' to Arnlorjf in uniform or sweaters at i p. m., Monday, October 6, for Debris pictures.
—YODER
AWS: Exceptive Board meeting Friday, October 2, at i p.| m. in AWS oITice.
—CROLL
All Debris Business Workers t An important ibeetihg will be held Friday, October 2, at 4 p. m. to disepss piOnic plans and other pertinent problems. —SAUTTER Lutheran Students.: Round-table di,squBsion on the topic "Whdt Is WorshW ?” in Room. 307 of the Union dt 7:90 Sp.rtd£(y, October 4. ■—WALLACE Modern Dance Group: Impor{:ant meeting, for all members Thursdhy, October 1, at 7:30. —HUFF
M. Bhhmr, b, c. Burns, Si N. Ofall. H. db Jrt&rt, 0. K: Lyrfnh, VF. L. fegan', D.- S. NSjdlBW'. G. E. Nelson, J. D. Pescok, Gk Petrcc, W. C. Reckman. —BROWN ' Junior Military Students: If you Wish to enter 166 mm. Howitzer Sqtiad competitibh for the Fail -^rm, turn Jti roster of sqii»d bS* noon, OctoBor 6, to Capt. H, N*^JoMsoh. Rokor Should ftiolfidO fwd idnjors nine sophbjnores. AlP jUnlcfirs' tvlij rcpOjfl) to Room 206 of the ^rmory at 4' p. m,, October 6, for organization • ' Rorfbr, Vi^’uiiaiin) Eo'ulAdatltt^r, So«bail' gamov SatuYday, Ootobbi* 8, rft l':80^ »; mt at south end of liitramural Field. —SCHALLIOL Purdue Players: AU memhers are taKod to altdlid niddWhte’ today al 7:30 m. iri' Fpwler flail. Sodnes trom,‘'Cuclcoo-a on ihd ' fldarth^’ will bb giVdh'. Hiititftibn actVldpB will also bo held. ' ^ -“-DUKE Wesley Pldyera: Firsts mcetlnjfc j)n, |he new stage at ? p. m. -TndrBdfdy, Oefober 1, oheh to all stumnts interested iti bne-aet plays, stage craft or foijger plaM to dedicate Stage. —E. tV.OODWARD ' Bdriv'dners: Mtetihg Sdhday, Odtobdr 4/ at 7 :30 in Room 3f>3 of the Union. Please comb and bring mnhusoVipts. —PBAYi’ Newipao Club: There will bp a RaiUd, dailce Satilrday nidht,. Odtobef 8, after tn« convo in the Wpst ITnouity Lounge of the Union. . -,G00I>MAN', ’ AjiMMi Talk liy PWTsolbferg, on -'Mctdis Used tor High Temperature Steam'’ on> THumday, bdtoher S', at 7:80' in thd West Faculty, Lounge ojf the Union. 1 , —SCIfA£.LlOL|, Triton: Thcrc,^ Will lie no meeting -IJudsi day. AU those who havd signed up for the’ pienic -Tuesday, October 6, i>incQt at tho Memorial Gym St 8 p. th. —BROWNE' >
^ DOES YOUR
. ' WANTA TINKER?
W PEN LEAK?
equiptneni’ all -at
Expert Repair Service
EDGERTON HDW. INC.
SOUTHWORTH’S
E. W. VanMeter, Pi-eS.
S ' if
BUS V
Remember today, October 1st, we start our Victory Stop arrangement, in compliance with Mr. Ekistman's Directive No. 5 calling for drastic reduction in the number of bus stops. Your driver has a Victory Stop guide, listing all stop points, on all lines, outside the business area. Some inconvenience may result, but we believ yo uwill want to cooperate in this very important War Conservation Program. LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO., Inc.
TRIUMPH SHEAFFER3 NEWEST JUleiime •CO U C PAT OFP
JUSTA3« STAMP! -And yours is thfl joy of inlimate contact by mail, with loved ones far-away on the home or battle front. Be sure’ you hear^from them.more often. You^will if your gift is| the newest .^^<p4>M«-Sheaffer's "TRIUMPH” pen and pencil set.'Vlsit^our pen_depart-‘ ment today. ^ ShMffer pw,_9L^t9^:^SJi^20
Decker s Inc
518 20 Main St.
Phone 5036
iriM
A' « 1, {
' ■■
Our Distribution Methods this year are better than ever, but we re
not perfect.
We appreciate your complaints, Be-
^ 'i jt.
cause they help to improve our system.
Please, though, when calling in
ht r'
• 'i ' r 1
. nx.
between 4:00
and asi: for
EXPONENT c'iScULATION
f, <{!*.* It