-f ^ ^ J
(1%
*
®he Puriue TExpnirejtt
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MAY 27, 1937
NUMBER 162
Students Petition For Martin’s Reinstatement Track Team Joins In Demand For Explanation “We, the undersigned, do protest the resignation of Ory^al Martin as track coach.—-It is our belief that this action is not fair under the circumstances, and unneces-
sary%or the good of the track team.’’
Thus\s worded a petition circulated on the campus yester-
day which is already estimated to contain a thousand signatures. Between 20 and 30 of the petition blanks have been circulated, and each blank contains from 35 to 50 signa-
tures.
Tomorrow morning the petition blanks will be gathered up and then turned in to President Elliott. Members of the track team will sign another special petition that IS worded as follows: “We, the members of the Purdue track team, demand an explanation for the inconsiderate and unjust dismissal of Orval Martin, our track coach.’* This special petition will be submitted to director of athletics Noble Kizer tomorrow morning also. Coach Orval Martin tendered his resignation nearly three weeks ago; it was recently accepted. Harmon Phillips, former track coach at Butler University, has already been signed to take Martin’s place.
Plan Progranl
For Summer Recreation
Recreational plans for this sumtner were discussed by the Summer Session committee on convocations, entertainments, and social activities yesterday afternoon in the Memorial Union Building at its fir§t
session.
The 1937 Summer Session will include the Union mixers, musical activities, and athletic games of the past summer. Present plans call for three mixers with a possibility of increasing the number to four. Relaxation Hour One of the new features of the program is a refreshment or relaxation hour to be held in the Union from 4:16 to 6 o’clock every afternoon during the duration of the policy and technology institute. The periods are being arranged in order to allow the students to meet the nationally prominent speakers who will address the institute. Different guests of honor will attend each relaxation hour. Walter B. Pitkin, Floyd McMurray, Amelia Earhart, Owen D. Young, Dr. Lillian Gilbreth and others will meet with the Summer Session students and the teachers attending the institute at these gatherings. The committee on tms program includes, from the faculty. Chairman O. F. Hall, A. H. Monroe, H. K. Carmichael, A. P. Stewart, T. Ri Johnston, C. S. Doan, Helen Hazelton, Marion Russell, Clare Coolidge, L. M. Vallely, and M. L. Clevett. The student members of the committee are Ruthi Hall, Betty McKee, Lorna McLeod, Mary Grace Mytinger, Jeanne Perkins, Charles Ehinger, Paul Manion, Harry Pforzheimer, Louis Putze, and Herbert Weigandt.
WRH To Give Radio Dance Tomorrow Women’s Residence Hall co-eds 9,re entertaining their dates at a radio dance tomorrow night at the hall from 8:30 to 12 o’clock. Barbara Sweeney is in charge of the plans for the dance, which is to be a strictly closed affair. The amplifying system which was used for the informal radio dance the night of the Junior Prom will be used for this dance.
Russell T. Gray Dies Of Stroke Russell T. Gray, a 1916 mechanical engineering graduate and former president of the Purdue Alumni Association, died at 8 o’clock yesterday morning in his apartment at the Geo^ian HoteHn Evanston 111., following a stroke which he suffered at 11 o’clock Tuesday night. Word of his death was received here by telephone message by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director of the University, and intimate friend of Gray’s. Widely Known Gray, a native of Indianapolis, and a graduate of Manual Training High School, was president of the Russell T. Gray, Inc., industrial, advertising, and publicity organization, which employed on its staff several University graduates. He was widely known as a technical editor and publicist, and also had many friends in this community because of his frequent visits to Purdue and activity in alumni affairs. He is survived by the 'widow, a daughter, and a son, who was formerly a student at the University. The funeral will be held Friday afternoon, with the hour and place to be announced later. Noble Kizer and others from the University will attend.
Dancers Really Put Out The Heat Says Investigator There’s heat in modern dance music. So much, in fact, that 1,200 people dancing to the music of a modern dance orchestra for three hours generate enough heat to warm a two-story house for two days in ordinary winter weather. At least that’s the conclusion reached in a computation made by Aldro Lingard, junior engineering student at the University of Wisconsin, and whose mathematical ingenuity prevailed upon him last year to determine that Wisconsin co-eds use enough lip-stick annually to paint a barn red,
stylists
And the modern dance
don’t stop with heat. Just as “telegraphic” trumpets, glissando saxophones and two-octave piano solos are keynotes of the modern style, power, as well as heat, is the result of people daneing to that style. The study further reveals that the energy released by the dancers is enough to raise a five-ton elephant 32 miles in the air—almost 21 miles higher than the 63,163 foot record stratosphere flight made by Prof.
Auguste Picard in 1932. Equals 6,800 Packs Cigarettes
There’s a lot of nourishment in the energy released by the dancers. The estimate maintains that the calories of heat contained therein IS equivalent of that contained in 290 pounds of granulated sugar, 2,3 bushel^of potatoes, and 225 two-
pound loaves of bread. Approximately 160 pounds of anthracite coal and 6,800 packs of cigarettes will release the same amount of
heat energy.
Lingard’s estimate as to the torrid effects of modern orchestras are based on standard figures issued by the steam and gas department of the University of Wisconsin college of engineering. Figuring that a person dancing to such an orchestra released 600 British Thermal Units of heat energy an hour, Lingard multiplied that figure to represent an average of 1,200 people dancing for three hours on one night, bringing the total amount of heat energy to 2,160,000 British Thermal Units. 546,000,000 Calories He further converted these fig(Continued on page 4)
Pigeon Keeps Vigi^l Over Dead Mate 1
For many hours yesterday a beautiful white pigeon kept vigil at the scene of its mate’s death where the crushed body of the other bird lay in the street on Central avenue near Wea street. It had been run over by an automobile. The mourning bird circled into the -air from its stand on the curb as a passerby approached, and continued its death watch from a nearby roof. Bird fanciers say that the survivor sometimes dies of loneliness in a case of this kind.
AChSWiUHear H.N.McCoyOii ‘Rare Earths’ Dr, Herbert N. McCoy, science ’92, one of the nation’s outstanding chemists, and now vice-president of the Lindsay Light Company of Chicago, will discuss ‘The Rare Earths’ at a meeting of the American Chemical Society to be held Saturday at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. In 1898, McCoy received his doctor’s degree from the University of Chicago, and he was a member of the chemistry staff of that University from 1901 until 1917. McCoy will be the guest of honor at a banquet to be held at 6 o’clock Saturday evening in the Memorial Union Building.
Co-ed Groups Give Annual Triad Banquet “Purdue is the best place for women because it tries to make them healthiest—healthiest physically, mentally, and spiritually—by a combination of activities.” Thus President E. C. Elliott summarized last night the use of the three coed organizations, W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A., to the University. He and Mrs. Elliott were guests at the annual Triad banquet. After dinner Margaret Richey, toast mistress, introduced the various activity advisors and presidents. Dean Stratton Dean Stratton, the first speaker, emphasized the value of the scientific attitude as used here. Try a thing to see if it works is the best way thinks Dean Stratton. Miss Clare Coolidge and Miss Veronica Brady as sponsors of Y. W. C. A. and W. A. A. respectively, made short addresses before they introduced their organization’s past presidents. Ruth Copeland introduced Betty Ann Stewart; Pat Jones introduced Dorothy Bryant; and Betty Arnold, Mary Ellen Delaplane. The purpose of the meeting, as expressed by Margaret Richey, was to mingle the leaders of the three organizations in an effort to lead to the mixing of interests of the organizations to a better realization of the aims of all three.
Wil^man To Appear On Engineering Program R. H. Wileman of the University agricultural engineering staff will appear on the program for the technical sessions of the 31st annual meeting of the American Association of Agricultural Engineers on June 21 to 24. Wileman will lead a discussion on “Quick-On And Quick-Off Power Farming Equip ment.”
WRH Honors Members Of Home £c Staff Members of the home economics staff were the guests of the Women’s Residence Hall last eve ning at dinner. The girls who acted as hostesses received their guests in the front hall before taking them into the dining room. Following the meal, after dinner coffee was served in the living room. Those girls who poured coffee were Mary Ed Johnson, Maqetta 6h mann, and Georgianna Baker.
ASCE Elects Two Seniors To Get Annual Award Friday Robert R. Byington and William H. Keenan, Jr., University senicm^ are the 1937 winners of the student prizes of the Indiana section; of the American Society of Civil Engineers, Prof. R. B. Wiley, member of the University faculty and chairman of the committee on student relations of the Indiana section, announced yesterday. Academic Standing The awards given annually by the Indiana section of the society, are to men in the graduating class in civil engineering who have attained high academic standing and who show promise of successful professional careers. The awards will be made at a dinner of the section in the Washington Hotel Friday. Also to be honored at the dinner meeting are two veteran Indiana engineering educators. Dr. William K. Hatt, of the University, and Prof. R. L. McCormick of Rose Polytechnic Institute at Terre Haute.
SAE To Hear Hupe Tonight William Hupe, University exchange student from Germany, will present the main address of the evening at the year’s final meeting of the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building tonight at 7:30. Hupe will illustrate his talk with slides concerning car manufacture. German and European tendencies in automobile design and manufacture will be explained, and illustrated with various slides. Hupe will “also show pictures of the time trials of the 600 mile race taken last week in Indianapolis. Hupe is a graduate student in automotive engineering and has received a degree from the Dresden Technical University in Germany. The meeting will be open to the general public.
City Legion Unit Receives Poppies Crepe paper replicas of the poppies in Flander’s Field have been received by the Lafayette unit of the American Legion Auxiliary. They were made by disabled war veterans in the Marion hospital to be worn Saturday in honor of the American war victims. Arrangements are being made for city-wide distribution on Saturday, Poppy Day. Each poppy is made by hand, and returns from their sale go to comfort these veterans.
Orchesis Presents Annual Program Orchesis, co-ed dancing organization, held an informal demonstration of modern dancing before a capacity crowd in the Women’s Gym last night under the direction of Miss Helen Ellis. The program was divided into three parts, the first of which was a demonstration of technique by the freshmen and sophomores, the second a demonstration by the Orchesis club itself, and the third a presentation of original dance compositions with special lighting effects. The closing number was a play dance given in a light and frivolous mood with special costumes. One of the features of this annual affair was the presentation of a bouquet of roses to Miss Ellis, coach and director.
Purdue Graduate Dames Club Concludes Season Purdue Graduate Dames concluded their season Tuesday afternoon with a garden party at the home of Mrs. R. F, Newton on the Ravinia Road. Officers for the com ing year were installed and ly^rs. Maurice R. Graney plnyed a program of harp numbers.
Gimlet Members Elect Glenn Brown President, R. Reid Vice-President Choose John Girard New Treasurer At Meeting Following Banquet Glenn L. Brown, senior football manager and meniber of Delta Upsilon fraternity, was elected president of Gimlet Club, honorary athletic booster organization, at a meeting following a banquet in the Sigma Chi house last night. Roberl^T. Reid, retiring vice president of the Student Union and member of Delta Tau Del- '
ta fraternity, was elected vice president of Gimlet for the coming year. Reid was also a member of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary group. Reid was also a member of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary group. Girard Treasurer John P. Girard, assistant business manager of the Exponent and member of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity, was chosen as treasurer. He also was a member of Skull and Crescent. The election was held at 7 o’clock last night following a dinner for all members of the organization in the Sigma Chi house. The voting was close for all three positions. New officers will take over immediately and will probably hold at least one more meeting this year for the purpose of organizing the club for next year. Plan New Activities lyith the new Field House nearing completion. Gimlets plan many new activities for next year. No definite arrangements have been made as yet, however. Brown is a junior in the science school, Reid also is a junior in the science school, and Girard a junior in electrical engineering.
AIEE Elects Birge Chairman, Voting By Mailed Ballots R. D. Birge, junior electrical engineering student, was elected chairman of the University section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, according to an announcement received last night. Other officers are H. F. Wells, vice chairman; L. C. Schaefer, secretary; W. H. Wood, treasurer; R. L. Curtner, senior representative; D. S. Mortensen, junior representative; and V. B. Cones, sophomore representative. The election was carried on through the mail. Ballots were sent to all members of the University section of the AIEE, and the results were tabulated last night.
Petitions For Senate Due Today At 5 All student petitions for offices in the Student Senate must be turned in at the Student Senate office this afternoon before 5 o’clock if the ap-^ plicant wishes to be up for election next fall. When the Senate office closed last night, 101 students had taken out petitions, and 12 petitions had been returned. As previously stated, all those turning in petitions must have a 3.5 average for all courses completed in the University now^ and "at the time of the election. May Get Refund Dan Rohyans, Student Senate president, stated that anyone who has taken out a petition and has failed to get the required number of signatures, or who is ineligible, may get his deposit back *if he returns his petition today. At present the senior sdenos and senior home economics students have only taken out one petition apiece.
Newman Club Sponsors Cettholic Co~op House . A new co-operative boarding house, sponsored by the Newman Club, organization for Catholic students, will be opened on the campus next year, with plans being made to accommodate between 15 and 30 students. The house will be similar to other co-operative organizations. 'The boarders will run the place themselves as cheaply as possible and split the cost of living. Catholic students interested in living in such a house will meet in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Chi Rho fratemilgr announces the formal initiation of G. W. Shartzer, Dasrton, 0., M. D. Neptune, Oak Park, lU., and W. 6. Carter, South Bend.
Tank Could Tell Stories Of Bloody Battles, Death
By Don Terrio The old water tank out Salisbury street, the scene of recent paintsplashing parties, was the center of freshmen-sophomore class battles from 1891 to 1913. Rivalries started in 1891, when one morning the numerals ’94 appeared in brilliant gold paint on all four sides of the tower surmounting the Administration Building. During that same year the water tank was erected, and hostilities really begun. Visible From Campus The tank could be clearly seen from the campus at this time, as the trees around the countryside were not yet large enough to obscure it from view. Soon the numerals ’94 also adorned its brand new surface. This was too much for the sophomores of those days, and they proceeded to take matters into their own hands. In rapid succession, the numerals on the tower changed; from '94 to ’95, back to ’94, and again to *96, until a regular guerilla warfare grew up on the campus. The yell “Hey, Rube” on the campus caused
freshmen and sophomores alike to come running. Bigger, Bloodier Battles Battles grew bigger, bloodier, and more exciting. During the years from 1909 to 1913, crowds estimated at 10,000 would move out to the tank and watch the battle. It grew to be the Gettysburg of northwestern Indiana. Hot dog stands lined the road, and the fight would not begin until 20 doctors were available. “Choke ’em, tie ’em up, drag ’em into camp,” grew to be the battle cry of the warring factions. The freshmen followed the gentle procedure of having a group choke a sophomore into insensibility, then leaving one of Iheir number to tie up the victim. The unlucky loser was then dragged by an arm or a leg into the enemy’s camp. When one class finally came out yictorious, they would half-strip their prisoners, paint *em up, and parade their captiv<»; through the town. Protect Necks In 1918 the sophomores decided that if they wore a leather band (Cmttittued on page 4>fmtfeTwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ t i / ^ y Lpt. f f{ r ^ Thtusday. May 27, Ids'/
%1^t ^urbttt exponent
PonnOed iM 188S
RKPMSBHTCD POK NATIONAL ADVKRTISINS BT National Advertising Service, Inc Collets Pmblishtrs Represgmtattve ASO Madison ave. New York. N Y. Chicago - bobton • San Francisco LOS ANOBLKS . PORTLAND - SEATTLE MEMBER ^settated ®bUo0tatcJ|r«s
Biit««d as aeeond class matter at the post office, Lafayrfte, Indiana I^iver^ by «.»n $8,^0 per year; delivered by camerjJ|2 50jper year, sold ^ ° i-
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Bostness Phone 5038
OFFICE!—812 North Fifth Street
Eiditorial Phone 5037
Editoivin-Chief— Managing Editor — Associate Elditors Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF ^ J. E. Brock D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H. I Stanback, D, R. Vance Beth McCool
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager — Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
JX.
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard W J. Gilhlan R R Hensler M, C. Reeves
E!d]tor— — - Associate Eklitors
SPORTS STAFF ^ ^ v _ _ _ R. F. Obenchain J S. Brown, R. L McDonald, B D Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF - t, i _ EHizabeth Pyke __ ~ Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—L. C. Farquhar
A Lazy Man’s School Perhaps one of the most attractive aspects of summer school and one which is seldom pointed out is the ease with which a student can master the subject material of his courses. Classes in practically all courses meet every day during Summer Session. A better continuity is thus maintained in school work than during the regular semesters, when classes in a majority of subjects assemble only every other day. Most students find that by attending summer classes regularly they have to do little work outside the classroom, excepting courses in which a considerable amount of outside reading is required. The Summer Session continues for only eight weeks. The student has scarcely more than time to become thoroughly interested in a subject, when final examinations are approaching. Unlike taking courses that last through an eighteen-week semester, a constant interest is more easily kept. The intensive unit courses provide an even less painful method of obtaining an education than do regular summer school classes. Here, one subject is studied three weeks without interruption for three hours of credit. Or, according to arrangements of certain departments, one hour of credit may be earned m each of three related subjects during that length of time. In either case the process of acquiring knowledge is not broken up by the vacations and intermitting periods that are so disadvantageous to the usual educational procedure.
Stop Petty Thievery Campaigns against smoking on the campus and “keep-off-the-grass” drives have proved that successful improvements can be made by persistent efforts. There is a dire need for an earnest campaign against petty thievery on the campus. It is disgraceful that a student cannot leave his belongings out of his sight while taking a test. It is disgusting that books and notebooks accidentally left in the classroom can not be found by the careless loser. Perhaps most sickening, though, is the realization that our Union is also the scene of just such picking up. Any student who enjoys the comforts of this building ought to have selfrespect enough to turn in any books, umbrellas, slide-rules, and other articles which he might find in any of the activity rooms or lounges. How can we attack this evil ? Several students we know are wondering how they are going to pass their finals because their whole semester’s work was lost when their notebooks disappeared. There is no excuse for failure to return marked articles. Wholesome school spirit is not fostered by a contemptible attitude of mistrust among students. It is up to each and every student to rise above the temptations of petty thievery.—M. C.
Beta AUGIE MOENINGSTAR called up his girl the other day and asked to meet her in the library . . . she told him NO, that she was busy ... so he says . .. What do ya mean NO . . . the only time I ever want you to tell me NO is when I ask you to marry me ... A contrib to MORON’S DICTIONARY: Pretzel . . . doughnut gone crazy with] the heat. Horace ... what you hitch a wagon to . Reach . . . when you have lots of money you’re it. Porch ... a knd of fish. —SY. The Thetas and the Kappa Sigs had a pjicnic Wednesday eve at] Happy Hollow . . . when they got there they discovered that the Pi Phis and the DU’s were there too . . . much fun was had by all . . . However, the Thetas were slightly griped because the Pi Phis got nice juicy steaks and they got weiners . what IS it that the Pi Phis have that the Thetas don’t? . . . DEAN—So you’re back in school . . I thought I expelled you last week ...” UNHAPPY STUDENT — “You did, but don’t do it again because my dad was plenty sore . . .” “Lady” HEGELE had 3 (three) dates the other night ... A T 0 FRUSH was the first sucker . . . then along came DANNY MORRIS . . someone remarked that it was a good thing that the Kappa front porch faced the way it did and BETTY immediately explained that there was a fine for necking on said porch . . . ED KORTY andi BOB MUELLER are still mourning for the beer they used to put out a fire that started when the Sigs were having a party for their beloved seniors . . by the way the Seniors forgot to attend . .. Rub a dub dub, Three men in a tub. My, what a cheap hotel! There’s still time to send in the MORON’S DICTIONARY and win those MARS PASSES . . . just put them in the EXPONENT box at the Union desk . . . MARS PASSES
LAWN MOWERS
Sharpened
NEW and USED MOWERS
Free Delivery
F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N, 6th St,
Cary Hall Men Get Awards At Banquet Seniors of Cary Halls were honored at a banquet given last night at 6 p. m. in the north hall, when 120 students and faculty men gathered to present the annual awards to the seniors and other outstanding members of the halls. , Following the dinner, toastmaster G. O. Arbuckle, manager of the halls, gave a short talk outlining the foundation of the awards which were to be made. Arbuckle then in troduced L. M. Vallely, manager of the Uiiion, who presented the interhall athletic award to W. B. Reed. Cary Merit Award Dr. Hadley, faculty advisor for the east hall, presented the Cary Merit Award for the north hall to R. H. Pickard and for the east hall to Arthur Milward. The Fisher Scholarship award, given to the senior having the highest scholastic index for four years, was presented to K. B. McEachron, president of the east hall. R. B. Stewart, controller, made the Stewart Service Award to W. G. L^ogan and Dean Potter made the presentation of the Potter Freshman Award to F. J. Woodsman. In a meeting following the banquet, officers of Cary Hall North for the coming year were elected Those chosen were: C. E. Dixon, president and F. C. Baase, vice president.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Lafayette Plans Memorial Program Memorial Day will be celebrated in true patriotic style in Lafayette on Sunday and Monday. The main features of the program will be the annual “Poppy Day” sale on Saturday, a Memorial Day service on Sunday, and a parade and cemetery visits on Monday. The traditional scattering of the flowers on the Wabash in memory of those who died at sea or abroad will be carried out at 10:30 Monday morning. Sponsoring the program are the G. A. R., the American Legion, Boy Scouts of America, Girl Scouts, and other interested patriotic organizations.
j^UDDEN Service
P
RINTING
Office Slallonery . . W^eddlns fnviCailont
PHONE " ***** ‘' =
CASSEL’S 4081'ERR^
Today — Friday — Saturday Double Feature
Let’s Keep The Library Open May 30 To the Editor: Of course, it is a recognized fact that all public institutions should be closed in recognition of a legal holiday—even when that holiday falls on Sunday and is celebrated on Monday. But since the University is too busy to allow the student body time off to celebrate this nationally proclaimed holiday, it hardly looks fair to this person that the University Library should be closed! Perhaps it will be nice for those persons employed in the library to have an opportunity to have the day off; but has the thought ever occurred to the library officials that classes for seniors end Saturday at noon and that a large majority of these students have finals the first thing Monday morning ? It seems rather apparent that some one has made a slight miscalculation—or perhaps it is merely a case of plain thoughtlessness. With classes meeting for the last time Saturday and finals starting bright and early Monday morning it would be greatly appreciated by this humble person if he be given an opportunity to do a little much-needed studying before his first exam on Monday. If the present plans are carried out—of closing the library for the entire day Sunday—^it will mean a decided loss to some few students of this busy institution. This self-de-clared moratorium, issued by the library officials, comes at perhaps the busiest time of the entire year as far as actual studying is concerned; and I am sure there would be many sighs of relief released if the student body would find a contradictory notice posted on the doors of the library to the effect that said institution would be opened for at least part of the day. Opportunity Lost ? Yes! But will the students be the ones to lose their opportunity to prepare for early finals or will it be the employees of the library who will lose their opportunity to have a brief holiday? Gil Hutton.
Read The Exponent Adsi
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. RISK DK. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHRR A. RWK 400 Sehnltz Bldg. Phons 5701
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Today — Friday — Saturday 2 FIRST RUN HITS
/r imptHiB OUT msT'^A
Paul Kelly Judith Allen PLUS
Whoop — La - La —Five new songs and a thousand new laughs! —and—
"The latest and most thrilling adventures of handsome Alan O’Conner, Federal Agent—exposing a new and powerful racket.
Also Mickey Mouse
“Step on it, Clancy! The last cigar store fire we went to, all we got was the butts.”
Hepburn Attends Meet Prof William H. Hepburn, librarian at the University, attended the district library meeting at Monticello yesterday with five other members of the library staff: Misses Eleanore Cammack, La Vina Cannon, Phoebe Dimmick, Blanche Miller, and Addie Smith,
KEYS Keys for Trunks, door locks, Desk locks. Night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
ARC TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Bob Custer and Rin-Tin-Tin in ‘Vengeance of Rannah’ —and— Bruce Cabot in “Legion of Terror” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
Double Feature
CONFESSION FOR ONE! RjyilANCE FOR TWO!
As a pair of lovers solve the boffling mystery.. . of the murder in a locked room...with 12 wit. n^ses present!
STARTS TODAY
wM OAME MAV WHITTY MAOeiIVAMS mtfMSTONi niSSA lANMLniOMAS DKir IHMRY rATtDWI MNirtnaMiR \ fORRRS \i H ^ 1 J 7C
Thtirsd^y, May 2?^ 1987
THE PUKDUE EXPONENT
SSSBLlmSSSr
'i'/'
J. Graham Breaks Record In Wabash River Swim
Covers 21-2 Mile Course In 22:55; Tredwell 2nd
By W. F. Qualls
Under ideal weather conditions last night the 14th annual Wabash River swim was made history, with J. Graham taking the laurels in the record time of 22 minutes and 56 seconds over the two and a half mile course. G. Tredwell, the only back stroke swiuimer in the meet, finished a close second. Graham made a clean start with the field of 18 and kept easily in the lead the entire distance. His only serious threat after the first few minutes was Tredwell who trailed him all of the way. River High The river was especially high for this time of year, covering the sand bars, which are normally one of the greatest handicaps to the swimmers. It also caused a greater current, which aided the swimmers in their dash for the Brown street bridge. It was necessary for the many boats which followed the swimmers to pull only one of the contestants from the muddy waters because of fatigue. All the others seemed to have enough in reserve to carry on even after the finish mark, if they had been called upon to do so. Winner Gets Trophy Graham will receive a statuette for his afternoon’s labors, while the next five to finish will receive medals. Those receiving these medals, in the order of finishing are: G. Tredwell, C. A. Liming, R. Howard, J. W. Mazur, and C. W. Gardner. The attention of the crowd on the bank along the route and at the finish markers was attracted to Tredwell’s back stroke, which he used the entire distance.
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Last Regular Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts This Afternoon
Last regular tryouts this season for membership in Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, will be held today in the Stadium, starting at 3 o’clock. “Frosty” Fields will be in charge. As many track events will he run off as there is time for. There will not be anjy Regular schedule lof events, since most of those trying out have finished all but a few of their tests, and very few of these men are delinquent in the same tests. Although today is the last regular day for passing tests, those desiring to pass tests later on may do so providing they make arrangements with “Chief” Clevett or with “Frosty” Fields.
Pistol Team Gives Awards At Banquet
Members of the pistol team for the past season held their annual banquet in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building Monday evening. J. W. Greiner was awarded a target pistol for having the highest average score for the year, while block “P’s” were awarded to J. M. Baker, E. J. Baumbach, F. S. Engelking, J. W. Gr'einer, P. B. Ewing, F. E. Gaiser and J. A. Meredith. In addition, five old English “P’s” and six freshman numerals were presented. Officers elected were J. W. Greiner, team captain, and E. M. Cox, manager. During the season the team won 14 out of 15 matches, the loss being only the second one in three years. The freshman team fired two contests and were victorious in both of them.
This mek’s BIG TEN
OF VICTOR RECORDINGS
2.
1. Carelessly Kay Thompson There’s a Lull in My Life 25564
I Know Now Guy Lombardo
The Lady Who Couldn’t Be Kissed 25566 3. Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off 25569
Without Your Love Eddy Duchin 4. It Looks Like Rain in Cherry
5.
Guy Lombardo
25572 25570
Tommy Dorsey Tommy Dorsey
25573
Blossom Lane Toodle-oo.
Nola
Satan Takes a Holiday 6. Wake Up and Live
Sleep
7. The You and Me That Used to Be 25576 Eddy Duchin When Two Love Each Other 8. Buzzin’ Round With the Bee 25575 Whoa Babe Lionel Hampton 9. He’s a Gypsy from Poughkeepsie 25577 Alibi Baby Tomtny Dorsey 10. I Can’t Lose That Longing for You 25522 Boo-Hoo Guy Lombardo
Hear these and your other favorites at McLEAN MUSIC CO.
614 MAIN STREET
Baseball Squad To Finish Season At Minneapolis
Purdue’s baseball squad will head for Minneapolis today where the Boilermakers are scheduled to wind up their season in a double-header with Minnesota on Friday afternoon. The original schedule called for two games to be played, one on Friday, and the other on Saturday, but a shift was made because of the death of Bemie Bierman’s father and a double header will be played on Friday afternoon.'* Chance To Finish .500 Purdue’s chance 'to finish the season with a .600 average will be at stake in the twin bill with the Gophers. At the present the squad stands with 11 victories to their credit and 13 defeats. Coach “Dutch” Fehring said that Arnold Bredewater, the sophomore pitching star, would draw the hurling assignment for one game while Glen Downey, senior veteran, will probably pitch the other. Friday’s games will be the last official games for the season and many of the players will see their last action for Purdue on the Minnesota diamond.
C’o-eds Arrange Sports Spread At WAA Cabin Tonight
Women’s Athletic Association skins, “P” monograms, and numerals for participation in the spring activities of W. A. A. will be given tonight at the annual Spring Sports Spread, to be held in the Cabin at 5:30. Cars will carry faculty guests to the cabin. Co-eds will hike out at 4 o’clock, and the program of games will start immediately. A cup will be awarded to the intramural team and to the class team which has accumulated the greatest number of points during the year. Summaries Mary Townsend will summarize baseball activities; Margaret Jenkins, tennis; Georgia Walker, swimming; Louise Harry, Orchesis; Mary Ellen Ward, archery; Ruth Wiley, golf; and Pauline George, bowling. Margaret Jones is in charge of the spread.
Polish Professor Visits University
Dr. Unto Vatiovarra, chief bacteriologist of the University of Helsinki, Poland, visited the University Monday and Tuesday to discuss with Dr. C. A. Behrens, Purdue bacteriologist, and bacteriology staffs the work being done here with bacteriology. In addition to attending to the purpose of his visit. Dr. Vaitiovarra took time off to visit the airport and some of the shops and laboratories.
To Honor Rev. Pursley At Testimonial Dinner
ReV, Leo A. Pujjrsley, Catholic student pastor and associate rector of St. Mary’s Catholic Church, will have a testimonial dinner given in his honor tohight at 6:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the church. Rev. Pursley is leaving Lafayette about June 1; his future location has not yet been announced. Dean C. B. Jordan, of the school of pharmacy, will be one of the speakers at the dinner.' Harry Schultz and Vint Vaughn, Lafayette attorneys, will also be included on the program. Tickets are priced at one dollar and anyone who desires to attend may secure a ticket from the heads of various church organizations.
Pi Tau Sigma To Picnic Today At Rotary Park
Fi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, will hold its annual picnic this afternoon at Rotary Park. The affair will be open to faculty and student members of tho fraternity. A faculty-student baseball game will be the big event of the afternoon. Faculty cars leaving the Mechanical Engineering Building at 1 and 4 o’clock will furnish transportation.
ielder’s.... ....choice By Bill Fifield
The “beaning” of Mickey Cochrane Tuesday brings to mind a similar incident—one of the most tragic happenings in the history of baseball ... back in 1920 Ray Chapman, Cleveland shortstop, was hit in the temple . . . He died two days later. —^fc— Tuesday’s accident will probably elicit a lot of comment from blowhards about how rough and brutal baseball is . . . Such accidents always bring forth a lot of such spoutings . . . these comments seem absurd, however, when all the facts are considered . . . When we think how many people play baseball each year, and how very few accidents there are in comparison to the large number, the percentage of accidents IS almost negligible . . . —^fc— The baseball team goes to Minnesota for its last two games of the season . . . For several of the Boilermakers these will be the last two games in the Gold and Black uniform ... Bartz, Downey, Martin, Rosser, Lucas, and Armon will be playing their last innings for Purdue . . . —^fc— That perennial miracle of the golf links, the hole in one, has happened . . . Bill Balser, a caddy at the West Lafayette Country Club, made the first hole-in-one of the season by local golfers Tuesday . . . Just to be different, he sunk it the long way ’round ... On the 160 yard 11th hole he knocked the pill into the woods ... It hit a tree, bounced out onto the green and into the cup . . . That ought to be a good excuse for us dub golfers . . . The next time we hit one way out into the forest, we can tell ’em we were trying for a hole-in-one . . .
STANDINGS
—National League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh
19
10
.656
New York
19
13
.593
St. Louis
17
13
.566
Chicago
16
15
.516
Brooklyn
. 14
15
.483
Boston
. 13
16
.448
Philadelphia
12
19
.387
Cincinnati
10
19
.344
Yesterday’s Results New York, 6; Cincinnati, 3. Philadelphia, 6; Chicago, 1. St. Louis, 6; Boston, 4. Brooklyn-Pittsbur^. Rain.
—American League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York . .
19
10
.656
Philadelphia
15
12
.556
Cleveland .
14
11
.540
Detroit
. . 16
14
.533
Boston
. 13
13
.500
Chicago
13
15
.464
Washington .
13
18
.419
St. Louis
9
19
.321
Yesterday’s Results Boston, 11; St. Louis, 9. New York, 7; Detroit, 0. Cleveland, 8; Philadelphia, 6. Chicago, 6; Washington, 5.
Scobee^s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafmyette
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and Ntew Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent PhoM 2291 state ft Main Sta., W. L.
Cochrane’s Condition Is Slightly Improved
Vanderbilt Grid Coach Calls Plays By Name^ Not No.
Most college football coaches identify their various plays by numbers, but not Ray Mornson, the sage of Vanderbilt. While attending the annual coaches* football roundup at Indiana University this spring Morrison revealed that when he first conceives a play he gives it a name which his players are sure to remember. Then, if the play proves to be a good one in actual competition, he may give it a series number and incorporate it into his regular repertoire. Some of the titles by which his pupils first learned his plays in 1936 were “Popeye,” “Wimpy,” “Olive Oil,” “Roughhouse,” and “Palooka.” “Cow-Cow!” When Vanderbilt gridmen want the player carrying the ball to toss them a lateral pass they don’t yell “Hey, Pete!” or some such, they merely pant, “Cow-cow! Cow-cow!” Morrison says the latter signal is breath-saving and easier for a badly winded man to shout. Before the mentor from Tenenssee left the convention most of the coaches in attendance were calling their lateral plays, “Cow-cows.”
Freshman Golf Finals Slated For Saturday
Seven freshmen golfers will compete this Saturday afternoon at 1:30 on the West Lafayette Country Club links for freshman-varsity numerals. These seven are all that are still in the competition out of the starting field of 75. The men who will compete are Tulley, Sanders, Weldy, Hutchinson, Ware, Dearie, and Goldstein.
‘Blacks’ Win in Baseball
Martha Schroeder of the “black” team pitched a 22 to 12 victory over the “gold” team in the all-star coed championship baseball game yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Maude Wilson and Georgia Halstead pitched for the losing “gold” team.
Crepps Wins WAA Golf
Thais Crepps defeated Betty Hiner 1 up for nine holes of match play in the finals of the W. A. A. golf tournament yesterday. Ruth Wiley was in charge of the tournament.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—5:00 Chapline vs. (Monger or Moses). Blessing or Taylor vs. Lentz or Woodson.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN&LARSON, INC Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Tlw thtnfchig f«llow c«I]a A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occaatona 21c per paaacnser anjr part af the citjr S02S PHONES 1071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Mickey Cochrane, catcher and manager for the Detroit Tigers, who received a fractured skull in the Tiger-Yankee game Tuesday when hit by a pitched ball, was reported to be a bit improved after a consultation by doctors of the St. Elizabeth hospital in New York City, late last night. The sparky Tiger catcher was felled by a pitched ball thrown by the Yankee pitcher. Bump Hadley, in the fifth inning of Tuesday’s game and had been in a semi- conscious condition all day suffering a cerebral concussion. Will Play Again It was stated by the physician attending Cochrane that he would be able to play ball again, but as to whether he would be able to return to the Tiger squad as a player this year remained doubtful. Cochrane has been a spectacular figure in major league baseball for many years, and the news of the accident was a decided shock to the entire baseball world.
Greeks Will Play Baseball Finals
Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Alpha Gamma Rho will play a baseball game today at 4:15 on Intramural Field to determine the winner in the loser’s bracket of the inter-fra-ternity baseball tournament. The winners of the game will play Phi Delta Theta tomorrow. The Phi Delt ball squad has not been defeated so far this year, while the SAE’s and AGR’s have lost one game apiece. J. Zachary will umpire today’s game.
TODAY—4:15 Lucek vs. Breen. Meyer vs. (Chapline or Billings).
TENNIS DOUBLES Class “A” Finals ^^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥V»¥»¥¥¥¥¥»
TODAY—4:15 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
119 Vit Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
ROSES, reg. 75e 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 ^ , 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
J. SPERB HDW.
822 Main
HAYS JEWELRY <X)MPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Flowers from ClarUs for Formals
CLARK'S FLOWER SHOP
527 MAIN ST.
IC Ai
i ft
w
wiiMiiiiiiHUiliiili:n{ ■,
’"Sf
• r'w ^:». •i
'S‘
f:
Paite Four
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11:15—Dorothy Holden, pianist 11:30—Principle of Bookkeeping, L. G. Minier. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Give Us A Song. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Jo Friend. 12:45—Market & Weather Reports. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto. 1:15—Better Expression, Prof. Paul Fatout. 1:30—Geogi’aphy in the News. 1:45—Home Helps and Hapenings. 2:00—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W. Haskins. 2:15—Rosemary Robinson, pianist. 2:30—Wendell Compton, tenor 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Walter Wagner, tenor. 3:15—Chats With the Housewife. 3:30—Mary Dolk Swaim, soprano. 3:45—Education and Society. 4:00—Musical Favorites. 4:15—Answer Me This. 4:30—Mary Johnston, Thelma Barkus. 4:45—Radio Travel Review.
Install Wayne Byrd As Kappa Delta Pi Prexy Wayne R. Byrd was installed as president of Kappa Delta Pi, honororary education fraternity, at a meeting in the Memorial Union Building last Thursday. Other officers installed were: Virginia Slocum, vice president; Grace Kirtland, secretary; P. B. Stucker, treasurer; and L. F. Douglas, histo-rian-reporter.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
MW?
A GENUINE GENERAL
ELECTRIC FAN ONLY.. .?3— HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Sts.
Thursday, May 27.1937
Tank Could Tell Lots Of Thrilling Stories (Continued from page 1)
lined with galvanized iron around their necks they would be impervious to any attempts at choking. Their own purpose was defeated however, when the frosh found that by pulling the sophomore’s jaw down over the neckband he could be rendered unconscious even more easily than before. 1913 saw the last of the tank battles, for it was in this year that the fray resulted in a death. A sophomore slipped while running down hill with his protective collar on, and his neck was broken by the band. A meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall followed this tragic event, and the tank battles were made a thing of the past. The administration attempted to substitute a push-ball game for the classic battles. The game was played on Stuart Field with a ball ten feet in diameter, which cost $2200. After a few years the ball broke, and was never repaired. This bloodless finish closed the era of the tank scraps.
Dancers Create Much Heat While ‘Swinging’ (Continued from page 1)
ures into 545,000,000 calories on the estimate that a British Thermal Unit is equal to approximately 252 calories. Continuing his study into the realm of sound wave frequency, the young engineer estimated that 7,500,000 vibrations are registered by a band in broadcasting one song. If the leader were to push the microphone diaphragm back and forth that many times by hand at the rate of one cycle per second it would take him a total of 87 days. If he worked eight hours a day, five days a week, it would take him 71 weeks, or approximately one year and five months.
DorneFs Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
.et A FLY to tKe 500 mile race Take off from Purdue Airport—fly to Indianapolis then over the race track—see the race and crowd from the air—then back to Purdue—^All this for only five dollars. WE ARE GOING—RAIN OR SHINE Choose your own time by making your reservations early. A deposit must accompany all reservations. CALL CAPTAIN ARETZ AT 41641 OR 56514 PURDUE AIRPORT
Distelhorst, Ch.E. ’35 Joins Magazine Staff S. D. Distelhorst, Ch. E. ’35, who has been a member of the staff of Industrial Power magazine, published at St. Joseph, Mich., since his graduation, has resigned to join the editorial staff of Air Conditioning And Oil Heat magazine in New York City, N.Y., starting next Tuesday. Distelhorst was on the Exponent staff while in the University, writing the “Bold and Black” column one year. He is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—Bottom half of reddishbrown Vacuumat fountain pen. Call 3035. Becker.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After S' p. m.
Military Students—Any freshman or sophmore who was awarded a medal in the Best Soldier contest may have the same by calling in the Supply Room. Please get them as soon as possible. —WHISTLER.
Senate Nominations—Secure the petition forms for Senate nomination between 3 and 6 p. m. May 25, 26, or 27. All petitions must be turned in by May 27. —ROHYANS.
Alpha Phi Omega—Get tickets and money in by May 27 to me at the Triangle House, 103 University, —PRANGOS.
Alpha Phi Omega—Student-faculty bowling tournament will be held May 27 at 7 p. m. The teams will meet at the Union Alleys. —GASTON.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Keys for the newly initiated members have arrived. Get them by May 27. —FREDERICKS.
Industrial Education—Prof. R. J. Greenly, of the education department, will address the industrial education group in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops May 27 at 7 p. m. —HOFFMAN.
Freshman Engineers—Freshman engineers will meet May 27 at 11 a. m. by schools as follows: Chemical engineers—Lecture room, of the Michael Golden Shops. Civil Engineers—Lecture room. Civil Engineering Building. Electrical Engineers—Room 254, Electrical Engineering Building. Mechanical engineers—Lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Industrial education engineers—Prof. J. D. Hoffman’s office, Michael Golden Shops. Engineering law and public service engineers—Room 208, Engineering Administration Building. ^ —KNAPP.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —BAKER.
Skuil and Crescent—Very important meeting May 27 at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Memorial Union Building. —DREVER.
Concert Choir—^Important rehearsal on May 27 at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. . —STEWART.
Engineering Freshmen—All engineering
Disnity
Last Call for Decoration Day Dry Cleaning!
Send clothes to Crown today—ready and returned to you for your Memorial Day Vacation.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
freshmen who have selected the mechanical engineering school will meet in Fowler Hall at 10 o’clock. May 27. —YOUNG.
A. S. M. E.—^Election meeting May 28 at 4 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —WELDY.
Clothes are the greatest factor in giving a man poise and dignity. , Imagine a judge trying a case with the participants all nude— the jury would convict the judge! Geisler’s Summer Clothes have all the comfort and distinction that fine tailoring can give them. $9.95 up
CEISLER’S
Camera Club—Important meeting for the election of officers 4 p. m. May 27, in room 108 of Heavilon Hall. —STROM.
Basic Military Students—Any basic student who has not turned in his uniform should do so before May 29 at noon. —WHISTLER.
Radio Club—Last meeting of the year will be held 7 :30 p. m. May 28 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. All keys must be turned in. —BERNSTEIN.
N. Y. A. Workers—-N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are now available in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE.
Women’s Physical Education—^Knowledge test in all spring activities will be given at 4 p. m. May 28. Students report as follows: Archery, Tennis (restricted)—Woltnen’s Gymnasium. Baseball, Horseback Riding—^Education Building 201. Dancing — Engineering Administration Building 102. Bowling — Engineering Administration Building 104. Golf—Engineering Administration Building 208. Swimming—Biology lecture -room. The practical test in horseback riding will be held at 4 p. m. May. 31 at the Women’s
Gymnasium. Wear riding clothes. Locks should be turned in May 31 and June 1. —HAZELTON.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting 4 p. m. May 27 in Agriculture Hall. Election of officers. —HARDIN. Pi Tau Sigma—Picnic at Rotary Park afternoon of May 27. Meet at Mechanical Building at 1:30 and at 4 p. m. for transportation. Officers will be elected. —WAIT.
Catholic Students—^All cathoiro students interested in a co-op house meet in Memorial Union Building May 28 at 4 p. m. —O’TTENWELLER.
W. S. G. A. Mentors—Report to W. S. G. A. office May 27 for interviews at specified time. 4 p. m.-—Misner, Denny, Spaulding, Hess, Bailey, Shewalter, Bush, Holtman, Hester, Smith, Morris, Smiley, Pittman, Fleming, Painter, Ross, Skinner, Silver, Bower, Wood, and Wien. 4:16 p. m. —Suliot, Zimmerman, Davis, Jorgeson, R. Hall, Kungel, Wiley, Hubhard, Henry, Bennett, Beamer, J. Hall,
Eastburn, Scott, Mathes, Groves, Reed, Fair, and Dobson. 4:30 p. m.—Graham, Conver, Timberlake, Best, Hegele, and all girls who missed their interviews. —HUBER, BAIN.
Sigma Delta Psi—;Last regular tryouts May 27 starting at 3 p. m. in the Stadium. —CLEVE’TT.
A. S. M. E. Seniors—Gel letters from Eddie at instrument room in steam laboratory by June 4. —WELDY.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tlw VARSITY BOOT SHOP
TEACHERS WANTED Enroll immediately—Positions now open. Primary, intermediate, advanced grades, commercial, Spanish, Latin, English, history, music, piano and others. Enclose stamped envelope. WESTERN STATES Low Placement Fee PROFESSIONAL PLACEMENT BUREAU 508-9 McIntyre Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah
INIMITABLE SKETCHES
by
INIMITABLE SWIMMING SOTS
by
untzcH.
In Tune with Youth these new Jantzens
Jantzens for Women Very smart, very brief are the new Jantzens! Designed for glorious action . . . and for luxurious lazing in the sun. You’ll delight in their perfect fit and comfort.
$495
up
Swimming Accessories CAPS 25c up SHOES 59c up
Jantzens for Men No wonder men prefer trunks by Jantzens! They fit with such perfection. They are so comfortable and so athletic looking. The sturdy, masculine Kava Knit fabrics snug to the figure in trim smooth lines.
$295
up
Beach Toys BALLS 45c rings ;.l"50c
Ph(Mie 6477
DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.