\,
? I
I '
Purdue
Ex ■Donent JLmJI mWB JLJn ■■■■ ii ■■
Volume 4» No.^ / O
nMimdev Ju^ 2S, 1940
Brock Makes First Team; 3 More On All-Star Squad Lou Brock, half back of last fall’s Boilermaker eleven, gained a starting birth on the seventh annual All-Star football squad to meet the Green Bay Packers August 29, it was announced last night. Brock is joined by three of his fellow Boilermakers on the squad.
Ted Hennis, quarterback; Frank Bykowski, guard; and Felix Mackiewicz, end, made the squad. Brock placed second to Iowa’s Nile Kinnick in the running for half back position. Plays Mates Lou will be playing against his future team mates. He will be playing professional football this fall with the Packers.
All-Stars
Lou Brock
Brock upholds the Boilermaker record of placing at least one man on the starting eleven. This is the seventh year a Purdue man has started in the summer football classic. The starting line-up will include: Sarkkinen, Ohio State, and Fisk, Southern California, ends. Cutlich, Northwestern, and Boyd, Texas Aggies, tackles. Smith, Southern California, Logan, Indiana, guards. Turner, Hardin-Simons, center. Schindler, Southern California, quarterback. Kinnick, Iowa, and Brock, Purdue, half backs. Thesing, Notre Dame, fullback. M. R. Tillotson, CE '08 Receives Transfer M. R. Tillotson, CE, ^08, has been transferred from the directorship of national parks region one to that of region three, covering the South western states, with headquarters at Santa Fe, New Mexico. This change w;as announced recently by Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes. For eleven years Tillotson was with the United States Forest Service in engineering and administrative capacities in Montana, Idaho, and California. He entered the national park service in an engineering capacity at Yosemite National Park, California, in 1921, and in 1927 was named superintendent of Grand Canyon Na- ^ tional Park. He held this position^ for 16 years, and was co-author with Frank J. Taylor of “Grand Canyon Country.” JohnP.Hariman,CE'30 Dies At Denison, Texas John P. Hartman, CE ’30, engineer in charge of the design of the embankment for Denison Dam, died June 9 in Denison, Texas. During 1934 and 1936 he was employed as assistant in the soils laboratory at Zanesville, Ohio, by the U. S. Engineers. Prom Zanesville Hartman went to Port Peck Dam, where he remained two years> and before going to Denison spent a brief assigrnment at the U. S. Engineers office in Louisville, Ky.
Frank Bykowski
Felix Mackiewicz
Jimmy James Plays For Third Annual Summer Session Prom Tomorrow Night
Elect Erma Berry Queen/
. . . featured songstress with the
orchestra.
Elliott Announces Margie Vail Prices For Football Games Next Fall Advance Sale To Begin By Mail On August 1 Scale of prices for Purdue’s eight game football card this fall will range from $2.00 for the season’s opener with Butler’s defending Indiana Collegiate Champions to $3.00 for the Old Oaken Bucket finale against Indiana, it was announced today by President E.
C. Elliott.
The advance sale of both season and individual tickets will be formally launched on ‘August 1 when Ticket Manager C. S. Doan places in the mails some 20,000 application blanks to alumni and former ticket purchasers. Doan anticipates an unusually heavy advance sale, particularly for the three home games, for an unprecedented number of unsolicited orders have already been received by the ticket office, particularly for the Indiana finale. $7 For Home Games Season tickets for the three home games with Butler, Wisconsin, and Indiana, assuring preferential seating, will be offered at a reduced rate during the advance sale. The season tickets will be priced at $7.00 as compared with a $7.75 total if tickets for the three games were purchased individually. The Boilermakers, who lost only one Big Ten game to Iowa last fall and placed third in the conference standings, will face five league rivals, Ohio State, Wiscpnsin, Iowa, Minnesota and Indiana. In non-con-ference encounters, the opposition will be furnished by Butler, Purdue’s oldest gridiron rival; Michigan State, and Fordham.
Schedule
The complete schedule for this fall, with ticket prices, as follows: Sept. 28— Butler at Lafayette . .. $2.00
Oct. 6—
Ohio State at Columbus . $2.60
Oct. 12—
Michigan State at Lansing $2.26
Oct. 26—
Wisconsin at Lafayette .. $2.75
No. 2—
Iowa at Iowa City . $2.76
Nov. 9—
Fordham at N. Y. City $2.75 Nov. 16— Minnesota at Minneap’l’s $2.76 Nov. 23— Indiana at Lafayette $3.00
United Air lines Seleds ME Senior For Training Seth B. Anderson, of Congress Park, 111., a senior in aeronautical engineering at the University, is one of 7 undergraduates selected by United Air Lines for a summer training course in a student apprentice school specially established at United’s big central maintenance base in Cheyenne, Wyo. Several hundred senior students in the various colleges and universities of the country were candidates for the seven openings in the training course, and Anderson was one of the few chosen by Ray Kelly, research engineer for United.
J. H. Martin Returns From Poultry Meeting Tomorrow Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department of the University IS expected home Friday from St. Louis, Mo., where he has been this week with William Kohlmeyei, in charge of poultry extension work, and S. E. Colliver, of the extension staff. Martin spoke at the International Baby Chick convention in St. Louis on “Recent Research in Poultry Disease Control,” and before the turkey section on “Improving the Hatchability of Turkey Eggs.” He also spoke Monday enroute to St. Louis at the Illinois Turkey Day meeting at Havana, 111., on “Recent Development in Turkey Management.” BTU's On The Loose No relief from the summer’s record heat wave, at least for the next few days, was the report of the University weather station at the airport late yesterday. The highest temjierature of the summer was recorded at 8:36 p.m. yesterday when the mercury stood at 100 degrees. The low was 76 at 4:36 Wednesday morning.
Tomato Fieldmen's, Fertilizer Saiesmen's Schooi Opens Here Wide varieties of experiments on tomato diseases, fertilization, plant production, and varieties were studied Tuesday by approximately 150 persons from throughout Indiana who ate attending the opening session of the four-day sixth annual Tomato Fieldmen’s and Fertilizer
Salesmen’s school.
Specifically, the visiting fieldmen and salesmen yesterday studied, under the direction of Roscoe Fraser, extension tomato specialist of the University, who was m charge and other University specialists, experiments showing a comparision of direct seeded and flat grown tomato plants, the use of a nutrient solution on direct seeded plants, tomato variety comparisons, and the effect of colchicine treatments, a process that doubles the chromosomes in tomato plants. Other tests inspected were those on sources of plants, breeding for wilt disease, and potash and nitrogen experiments.
Tomato Festival
The school will take the :^prm of an inspection tour, when the enrollees will go to Clinton, Howard, and Grant counties to study tests being conducted in co-operation with Purdue. Yesterday evening the group will go to Elwood to attend the Indiana Tomato Festival coronation of the Tomato Queen by Dr. E. C. Elliott, and hear an address by Governor M. Clifford Townsend. The Thursday and Friday sessions will continue as tours in areas near Elwood. The closing feature on Friday will take place at Elwood where there will be an inspection of the tomato and general farming machinery on display at the Indiana To-
mato Festival.
0. D.Grandstaff,BSEE'29 Writes Technical Article O. D. Grandstaff, BSEE 1929— EE 1933, is the author of a highly technical article in the current is.^ue of the Strowger Ifechnical Journal. This article deals with the various types of dailing circuits which are used in the dailing parts of automatic telephone circuits. Mr. Grandstaff has been with the Automatic Electric Company and its subsidiary, the Associated Electric Laboratories, Inc., since graduation. For the past six years he has been engaged in development work, his researches dealing with the problems of dialing and voice transmission over long distance telephone
circuits.
To Lead Grand March Tomorrow night at 9 o’clock, Jimmy James and his orchestra will swing out for dancers in both Union ballrooms at the third annual summer session prom. At 11:30 Prom Queen Erma Berry will be introduced to the crowd by Ralph Heckel, who was in charge of the balloting, and will then lead the grand march with
her escort.
Miss Berry was elected by popu-
lar vote of all Prom ticket holders. Her court, which was also elected by a ballot of Prom go-ers will be Polly Prentice and Alice Whitehead.
Jimmy James
.. . youthful maestro, who brings his WLW orchestra to the University for Summer Prom tomorrow night. / Physical Ed Sponsors Athletic Eiigibility Forum In Union A forum on interscholastic athletic eligibility was held in the east faculty lounge of the Memorial Union building last night at 7:30 o’clock, as one of the highlights of the series of sports clinics arranged during the summer session by Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the division of physical education for men. A large audience composed of students, teachers, administrators, and staff members attended the session, which took up the eligibility pioblem from several viewpoints. Norman R. Moser, athletic director and coach at Ridge School, Van Wert, 0., discussed “The New York State Eligibility Plan,” and John E. Cheetwood, athletic director and coach at Wayne, 0., high school, outlined “High School Eligibility Rules for Ohio.” Following the formal discussions by Moser and Cheetwood, five representative individuals lead h pafiel discussion, which included Arthur Trester, IHSAA Commissioner; F. A. Burtsfield, West Lafayette superintendent of schools; Norman T. Cottom, coach at Gerstmeyer high school, Terre Haute; Frank S. Stafford, assistant chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education, State Board of Education; and R. T. Friend, of West Lafayette, who discussed the viewpoint of the parent of the high school athlete. Ronald Mayo, football coach at Wichita, Kansas, high school, served as student chairman, while Prof. P. E. Lull, of the University speech department, was as chairman of the panel discussion. ' Richard Kelly ... of South Bend, has been assigned to the University airport by Charles Cox, Jr., CAA senior private flying expert, to take charge of the CAA advanced course. He repprted at the field Monday according to Capt. L. I. Atetz, port operations manag^er. Capt. Aretz also stated that Claude M. Murray, Jr., CAA preliminary student had soloed earlier in the week.
The band will play from 9 until 2 a.m., but co-eds hours are stili definitely set at 2 a.m., according to WSGA.
Ticket sale with ducats at $2 per couple is now open to the general public, and a few will be available at the door. Programs will also be distributed at the door. Decorations have been held to a minimum, consisting only of palms, in order that there be no obstructions over the windows to prevent the circulation of cool air. Dress Dress for the co-eds, according to the committee in charge, will be formal, but for eds has been left to a choice between summer formal or white suits. Jimmy James, played with the bands of Hal Kemp,'Henry Busse, and Horace Heidt, before organizing his, own orchestra. He joined the Nation’s station, WLW at Cincinnati, four years ago, and has been broadcasting over that station each Monday and Friday from 7:30 to 7:46 EST. Truckers Organize Fleet For National Emergency In commenting on the possible effect of war on the trucking industry, H, P. Sioussat, assistant traffic manager of the Great Central Lines, Detroit, Mich., revealed here yesterday before 106 operators, -drivers, supervisors, and dispatchers, attending the first annual commercial fleet management safety school at the University, that the War Department, truckers, and manufacturers are now engaged in establishing a pool of trucks that would be available in the event of a national emergency. Sioussat, speaking on “PJesent and Future Trends,” pointed to the fact that the trucking industry was virtually born during*Ehe last war. He also cited a test conducted by the War department early in May When four encamped army divisions Composed of 70,000 men were furnished with all supplies delivered by one commercial carrier under one of the largest contracts ever written in the industry. No Standardization In citing obstacles which confront the trucking industry, including trade barriers, taxes, and establishment qf ports of entry,'-Sioussat pointed to the lack of standaxd»ation of state regulations particularly in maximum weights^allowed where there is a 94 per cent differential between states for the country as a whole. As an exta:eme case* he cited Texas, which allows a 7,000 pound pay load, which approximates an 18,000 pound, gross load, and Rhode Island, which allows a 120,000 pound gross load. Prior to Soussat’s address, Ryan HaU, Manager of the Indiana Motoir Traffic Association, Indianapolis, took up pabUc relations and legislation. Other speakers during the (Continued on page 8><^ti»»»>r»-’‘'’‘"‘' —“^ “— ^■’'
PaRDUE EXPONENT
Thuraday, July 2571^40 0
Jumhf Jcdk
New York University has just received a gift of 276 old clocks.
HELD OVER THRU SATURDAY By Popular Demand
Sec It XonlgKl Clieriali It* jMemory Foe A Tbouaiuiil Tomorrow^
DAVIS I BOYER
bfRcchlFtlJ ,.tt Jeffrey LYNN* Barbara O’NEIL
STARTS SlUNDAY THE FRESHEST THING IN YEARS
»>t» IDDIE ALBERT MNE WYMAN €MAS WINN1H6ER SnUMSBYiNGTON
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -DOUBLR FEATURE-
BEERY’S MIGHTIEST WHH HEART!
Frank Morgan Maureen O'Sullivan — PLUS — The Sensation of the Hour! GIRLS ON PROBATION Are They the Marked Women of Tomorrow? — WITH — ROALD REAGEN JANE BRYAN
'Diogenes' Davidson, *98 Recalls Four University
First Days In Chemistry Here
Another letter regarding Exponent’s stand on the ¥. S. foreign policy reached tts today. It was a letter from one of this year’s graduates who held a prominent position this year in one of the more important activities. He has now been out of school nearly two months and he writes us of his reactions to the present turn of world events and his interest in them. The personal nature of his letter does not permit us to print it here in totum but we shall take the liberty to quote several passages. He outlines his general attitude on the world in general in these words: “As an engineer (by training at least) I believe in an economy of plenty with minimum wages and short hours for workers, plus as efficiency of management that will not permit wasteful competition. “As a descendant of an historically independent race, I believe in freedom to say what I will, to read what I wish, to go where I please, to choose my chieftan, and to trade where I prefer. “As a common member of society, I believe in socialized medicine, national ownership and exploitation of national resources, elimination of artificial price rigging and price jurisdiction. “As I believe in peace—^but, lots of things are making me mad.” These are the things that our correspondent believes in, these are the traditions under which he has matured, these are the ideals by which he expects to govern his life. But, he now has doubts. He now wonders if he must revise his entire scheme of living or fight for what appears to be an obsolete system. He writes: “Hitler, Daladier, Bonnet, Chamberlain, Baldwin, and some American bigwigs all believed that shorter hours and higher wages, plus nationalization of resources was ruining the workman, making him too soft and giving him too high a regard for himself. That all sounds ridiculous—^but—France collapsed, England is weak, and the U.S.A. is helpless. Socialism is fraught with either inherent evil or subjest to powerful attack—should we fight for that ?” Regarding the U. S. position in the present war, our correspondent believes in attack rather than hemispheric defense. He writes, “Victory, historically, has always been to the attack. This means only one thing—attack economically, psychologically, and with every military weapon. Attack, and unrelenting attack, with frightfulness preferred is the only method for us to believe in if we admit the necessity of defense—should we fight at all.” Those are strong words, and words with which we cannot agree in spite of his strong arguments in their defense. We believe that strong defenses and efficient preparedness preclude the possibility of attack. The bully does not bother those whose prowess in fighting he respects. And as we have pointed out before, we are not prepared to fight a war in this country or in any other country at present. In a C3nnical vein, he sums up his dilemna with these words: “Youth, enjoying this freedom which was won by a “war to make the world safe for democracy,” must realize that the battle is never once settled. We fight for the passibility of democracy! The times—^the world today—^recent events—show that we, the youth, must reluctantly admit that war and death are our inescapable destiny, we must be prepared to go forth to battle for—^what is worth fighting for? Freedom ? From what? Profit ? For whom ? Society ? What ? Tradition ?—Whose I” We are making not attempt to answer this letter in these col^umns. We merely pass on to our readers the comments and /questions with which our correspondent has confronted us. jSome of the question^ in his mind are questions in our mind. We too would like to know the answers—if there are any.
by D. G. Terrio Purdue’s new chemical and metallurgical engineering building recalls to Donald “Diogenes Manganese” Davidson, ’98, Armstrong Paint and Varnish Company, of days when chemistry at the University was not a separate department, but was placed in the School of Science, along with botany, zoology, geology, wood carving, and china painting. Diogenes recently made his first trip back to the campus since his graduation in 1898, and as correspondent for “Paint, Oil and Chemical Review, wrote an article titled “Bully for Old Purdue” which appeared in the July issue of the trade journal. Diogenes recalled the 8th day of June, 1898, when it rained. Commencement was held in a tent on the campus and Purdue’s President James H. Smart spoke, while the military establishment commandent held an umbrella over him to avert tl#e steady trickle of water from above. Far Cry From Present From this description, this early commencement must have been a far cry from Purdue’s 1940 exercises, held in the new Hall of Music, which seats 6,208 people. The writer also recalled a story from the early pioneers in chemistry at Purdue. A classmate, beginning quantitative analysis, clumsily dropped to the floor a dried precipitate on the way to the balance. Hesitating only an instant, he swept it up and went ahead. Wrote Diogenes, “The result confirmed the wisdom of this action for it coincided exactly with what theory demanded.” Contrast of Purdue today was remarkable to this writer. He wrote that no one working in the old lab in a part of the Biology building ever dreamed of Purdue as it is today
Male vs Female item: West Virginia University telephone operators report that the men are the most courteous over the phone, that women make the most intelligent phone conversationalists.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— ALSO — FIRST RUN NEWS and SERIAL
—SUNDAY - MONDAY-
“ilKSlSIw
— AND. 'THREE SONS" — WITH — EDWARD ELLIS KENT| TAYLOR — ALSO — ALL COLOR CARTOON
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY
—and— "GERONIMO" — WITH — PRESTON FOSTER ANDY DEVINE — ALSO — 'Terry and the Pirates,'' Serial
Students Complete
ci»iEii,iiu».,wi, C«Co«seTues(hy
Letter To The Editor
Dear
Editor:
Chemical Engineers, behind the pitching of Olin Hemer, trouced the Bearcats Tuesday afternoon, 4-2, in the oi(ily game played in the Summer Session Softball League. Frank Bykowski pitched for the losers. In. the only other game scheduled Tuesday, Fraternity Row won from Theta Chi by forfeit. League standings: Team Won Lost Tied Chem. Engr. 3 0 1 Frat. Row 3 11 Theta Chi 2 3 0 Bearcats 040 Tonights game between the Chemical Engineers and Fraternity Row will be played at 6:30 instead of 6:30. Yesterday the Chems beat the Civil Camp in a non-League game.
Truckers Organize (Continued from page 1)
morning included J. G. Hayden, fleet engineer of the National Safety Council, Chicago; Thomas O’Malley, district, wages and hours, U. S. Department of Labor; and Sergeant P. T. Beverforden, of the Indiana State Police. Open Forum During the afternoon, bus operators held an open forum in charge of Harry Harmon, secretary of the Indiana Bus Operators’ Association, Indiana. At the same time, H. A. Holopeter, traffic director of the Indiana State Chamber of Commerce, outlined methods of avoiding claims and losses, while Walter W. Bryant, safety engineer, Detroit, discussed terminal inspection and maintenance.
Fraternity men at Union College spend an average of $68.80 per year more than non-fratemity men.
HEALTHFULLY COOLED I^ADS TODAY - FRIDAY
— 5 BIG DAYS — STARTS SATURDAY
HEALTHFULLY 'COOLED LUHA - TODAY-FRI.-SAT.-
GENE AUTRY
PLUS— |2n(l Feature HITCH-HIKING TO DOOM!
— WITH — Helen Mack - Ann Dvorak
-SUNDAY - MONDAY-
Paramount PLUS—First Run Hit . . THRILL TO YOUNG AMERICA ON
With the successful completion of flight tests and written examinations by fovir more pilots in the CAA advanced refresher course at Purdue airport Tuesday, something of a record was set at the field, which IS becoming widely known for its thoroughness in the instruction of flyers. Usually an average of one out of every six fails to qualify for their particular ratings, but since the Purdue field became a “controlled airport” under the CAA, there have been no failures. Those who received their ratings Tuesday, qualifying them to instruct advanced CAA students, were James Malone and Ray Branson, both of St. Louis; Howard Morgan, of Springfield, Mo., and Harvey Smith, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak. Virgil Simmons, of Indianapolis, and Harold Ownby, of Peoria, 111., received their ratings several days ago. Six Refreshers The six advanced refresher pilots comprised the first class assigned to the local field by Major Charles E. Cox, Jr., of Chicago, senior private flying specialist, who has since sent Henry Gemmil, of Port Columbus, Tex., and Richard Kelley, of South !Pend, here to fill the vacancy created by Simmons and Ownby’s “graduation.” Lieut. Fred Shine, of Indianapolis, assistant to Capt. Daniel Moulton, inspector, gave the tests here Tuesday, and complimented Capt. Lawrence I. Aretz, port operations manager, on the character of the fljdng
been' readinij^ the^Purtos Exponent for the past three y^ars have have come to regard it as an unbiased source of campus news. But for the last two weeks I have had my faith shaken by several articles which have appeared in the paper. I am speaking of the stories on the softball tournament. Now I happen to know that you are a chemical engineer and I can see reasons for you favoring the Chem Engineers in your stores, but it seems to me that this sort of reporting smacks of the Chicago Tribune and their prejudiced handling of s^tories, particularly political stories. As far back as I can remember the Exponent has never taken sides in any controversy on the campus. Even in campus elections where it might be to the personal advantage of the editors of the Exponent to favor a particular group, they have thus far been above exploiting their position for their own advantage. If the readers of the Exponent can expect this sort of prejudiced reporting during the coming year I for one will refuse to read it. I’ll get my news by word of mouth •which although usually unreliable is to be preferred to the “propaganda” of an editor who is looking out for bis own interests —W. D.
school being operated here. Jack D. Haorington and Harold Caxroon, regular instructors at the field, are giving the advanced courses.
FOR
y6aae6
PIIM
Let us make your Corsage tor Prom We can offer suggestions on combinations to help you make a selection There is nothing like a beautiful corsage just the right color to please her
^otLd ^Lndt LUNA THEATRE BUILDING 635 Main Street Phone 7955 - 8050
i^ead
The Bigger • The Better University Doily Next Year The Purdue Exponent Subscriptions
On Sale Starti^ia
August 29"4
! )/ ! ^ j -, -1 V» ^
vU«,»>s|M*».«r|fM^l|S4^j'*'w c4«»,«,ll»' i4)»rt‘j, '"t ,, wj-h-4 < *" ^It./ '■’if*'' 1 i " \ ’
1/^ >FWK^V>t«< ^<twpi>Vt-w i Jti •
' ' /’I i k
rkvaaday. Jtply 25, 1940
PURSUE EXPOKENT
r"’
43,000 Attend 87 Conferences
The News Today NBC Radio Highlights HereFromJaty'39ToJaly'40
Daladier Placed Under Arrest Vichey, France, July 24.—The government of Marshal Henri Petain hnd Pierre Laval today ordered the arrest of former Premier Edouard Daladier, as the new government undertook a sweeping “investigation” of persons allegedly responsible for France’s entry into the war against Germany. ^ Simultaneously with announcement of action against Daiadier, other former leaders of the republican government, Petain approved a, decree for withdrawal of French citizenship and confiscation of all property of all Frenchmen who left the country between May 10 and June 30. * « )it ))t 3,000 Planes A Month For Britain London, July 24.—Great Britain has approved a production plan whereby she will receive 3,000 planes a month from the United States. Lord Beaverbrook, minister for aviatioi^< production, declared in a broadcast today. The minister said the new American plane production would begin “immediately.” * He m >•> British Bomb German Plane Factory London, July 24.—^The Dornier aircraft works near Wenzendorf, Germany, were “partly demolished” by the Royal Airforce, the British Air Ministry claimed tonight. German airplanes continued their attack on Britain from the channel to Scotland today, but were hurled back with loss of at least 12 pls^nes, according to an Air Ministry statement. More than 100 planes participated in a battle near the southeast coast when German bombers and fighter planes attacked a convoy near the Thames estuary. Hi He « « Argentina Blocks Hull's Program Havana, July 24.—Secretary of State Cordell Hull’s plan for trusteeship of Western Hemisphere possessions of European States by American republics met with sharp and expected opposition from Argentina,, Uraguary, Bolivia, Chile, and Venezuela today. Distrust of Hull’s plan and a demand that South American nations be allowed to take permanent possessions of the territories was expressed at the conference. He Ht If iK Army To Mine New York Harbor New York, July 24.—Officers of the 62nd Coast Artillery said today that the Army plans to mine the approaches to New York harbor after completion of present practice maneuvers.
Lunch in the CAFETERIA • Cool, refreshing atmosphere insures you of comfort.
• Two fast-moving lines assure you of prompt service. • Quality food prepared especially to tempt you on hot summer days.
VISIT THE COFFEE SHOP for • Sandwiches • Minute Steaks • Excellent Coffee
JhL fijUAduJL WmufuaL lAnmtL The Comer of the Campus— Yef the CerUer of Activities
HIGHLIGHTS FOR FRIDAY NIGHT, JULY 26 P. M. UST 6K)0 Red—^Pleasure Time—Fred Waring’s orchestra. * (Also 10:00^p.tn.) 6:00 Blue—^Strictly Business—comedy starring Shirley Booth, Lawson Zerbe and Peggy Conklin. 6r00 Red—Lucille Manners, soprano; I^oss Grahapi, baritone; chorus; Frank Black’s orchestra in Cities Service Concert. 6:30 Blue—Death Valley Days, “The Treasure of Jean Lafitte,” drama. 7:00 Blue—Show Boat. Virginia Verrill, songstress; Dick Todd, baritone; Carlton Brickert as Cap’n Barney; Marlin Hurt, comedian; Robert Trendler’s Show Boat orchestra; Bob Strong’s dance band. 7:00 Red—^Waltz Time—Prank Munn, tenor; Amsterdam Chorus; Abe Lyman’s orchestra. " ^ 7:30 Red—^What’s My Name? Quiz program with Arlene Francis and Budd Huliek; Harry Salter’s orchestra. 8:00 Red—^Don Ameche with Claire Trevor in “Just One Ni^t in Old Havana,” drama; Pat Friday, vocalist; The Sportsmen, harmony group; Victor Young’s orchestra in Old Gold Don Ameche Show. 8:30 Red—Quiz Kids. Joe Kelly, m. c. questioning five Chicago district school children. Guest: George Axtelle, associate professor in department of education, Nojrthwestem University. 8:30 Blue—National Championship for Barber Shop Quartets. From New York World’s Pair. Special Features, Saturday Daytime, July 27 A. M. CST 8:00 Red—Lincoln Highway. Drama with Ezra Stone, radio, stage and screen star. 9:00 Red—Chautauqut Symphony Orchestra—conducted by Albert Stoessel. Guest: Frederick Wilkins, flautist. 9:30 Red —Sports school—conducted by Christy Walsh. Guests: Manager Billy Southworth, First Baseman Johnny Mize and Outfielder Ernie Koy—all of St. Louis Cardinals. 11:30 Blue—Luncheon at the Waldorf—Ilka Chase, mistress of ceremonies; Frank Luther, tenor; Paul Baron’s orchestra. Guests: Sophie The;is, head of the Child Adoption Agency of the State Charities, and Alteema Sanders, designed of unique eye-glasses. P. M. CST 12:15 Blue—Masterpieces of Art. Discussion by Walter Pach, general director, and John H. B. Knowlton, chief o| the lecture staff, of the Masterpieces of Art Show at the New York World’s Fair. 1:00 Red—National Security League Program. Speaker: Mrs. Francis Rogers, director of women’s division of the League, talking on “Women’s Share in National Security.” 1:30 Blue—National Music Camp Band, Interlochen, Mich. Guest conductor: A. R. McAllister.
Preserve The Interior And Exterior / of your house with Pittsburg Paints We Carry a Complete Line of Mirrors and Window Gloss HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO, 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Almost 43,000 people from throughout the United States, but largely from Indiana, attended the 87 conferences or short courses held on the University campus from July, 1939, through June 30, 1940. The largest crowds were attracted to the Horticultural Show, Noveml^er 10-11, attended by 8000 spectators, to the Agricultural Conference, for which 7,683 visitors registered on January 15-19, and the 4-H Club Round-Up June 10-12 which drew 2,182. The grand total as determined from combined registration figures of all conferences was 42,836, T. R. Johnson, director of information, announced today. This is over 7,000 more than attehded these conferences any previous year and also the largest number of conferences. These conferences covered almost
every field W interest, agrieultore, engineering!', edueational,i athletic^ musical, business, management, and other activities. The annual Indiana High School Dribate drew 800 secondary sritool stndents to the campus on the week-end of December 1-2. Programs ^yhich attracted over 1,000 besides those named were Swine Day, Cattle Feeders Association, Ten County Teachers’ Institute, Road School, and the Firemen’s Institute. Other typical Purdue Conferences included the Fire School, Canner’s Convention, Florists’ Conference, Druggists Business Ccmference, Indiana Coal Conference, Golf Clinic, Americmi Chemical Society Midwest Meeting, Welding Conference, and Indiana Federation of Music Clubs.
Summer Session Prom Had Origin In Bold And Black Item In Expo
SUMMER PROM IS POSSIBILITY A six column banner headlining these four words appeared in the July 1 Exponent. The lead paragraph said: “Big question on the University campus today sums itself into six words: Shall Purdue have a Summer Prom?” A small item in the much maligned Bold and Black column that ap-. peared 10 days before, started students talking. The more they talked the more certain it oecame that there would have to be a Prom. And on July 7 the Exponent said that they would indeed have their summer Prom if an overwhelming vote of the campus meant anything. . That Was 1938 That w^s the summer of 1938. The Summer Prom possibility had become a definite probabili^ over a week-end. The Exponent distributed ballots amog students and faculty members, and of 138 returned only SIX vetoed the proposed Prom. Surprisingly high to supporters of a Summer Session Prom were prices that voters said they were willing to pay to attend the dance. The majority favored two dollars, but one sanguine youth valued the evening’s dance, excluding other diversions, at 50 dollars. The colored king of swing, Fletcher Henderson, was signed, and 46o couples watched Prom King Cecil Isbell and Queen Kathleen Zollman lead the grand march in the first annual Prom.
Ten New Graduate Fellowships Listed For 1940-41 Session Ten new fellowships for the development and protection of pure and applied scientific research on the University campus are listed in the announcements for the 1940-41 graduate school, a bulletin recently published by the university. Two new contributions for research in the field of agriculture are also listed in the latest bulletin. Graduates with a bachelor’s degree from Purdue or any other approved institution may be granted admission to^graduate study. While extending the range of the student’s knowledge still farther, the constant aim is to develop initiative, judgment, and the power of independent thought. Courses Listed Agricultural chemistry, radio control of airplane flight, hept transfer coefficients, pharmacy, recreational studies, epidemiology, soybean chemistry, chlorination chemistry, and two in general chemistry are the new fields open to students for study on fellowship basis. Funds for these researches come from both private industry and the Purdue Research Foundation.
cJ^oueiine66
These words are never more true than when your date is wearing a corsage made in Clark's own style Sweet flowers and soft music will make the Prom cm enchanting evening. CLAM’S FLOWLII SHOP
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
fell I AIk
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday , July 25, IpM
y
The^th ^Jolumil
The senate military ifffairs committee approved the major portions of the 42,000,000 man draft bill Tuesday. According to the plan, every man between the ages of 18 and 66 is eligible. That’s pretty inclusive. Everyone who is old enough to talk and not too old to walk.
We’ve been wondering if college is a vital industry.
Also whether the president will have to go. We haven’t figured out whether he’s a vital industry or not. That’ll be solved in November.
Under a story about demobilizing French troops we found the first encroachment on civil liberties.
A new law beginning August 1 prohibits farmers from distilling their own hard liquor. Also a drive against semi-nudity on Riviera beaches. No wine, women, and song like the last war. It takes all the joy out of life.
The Purdue Exponent
Enterad as second class natter at the post » ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConsreM of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorlded for in section 1108, act Of October 8, 1917, anthorized January 20, 1922. FiU>liBhed daily except Monday during the regular academio year and weekly during the Sumner Session. Subscriptions mailed for SO cents.
Pebiioitleii Staff
Editor-in-Chief B. W. Donahue News EMitor . J. H. McKee Managing Editor ..... D. K. Heipla Associate Editors: J. A. Purcell, J. L. Traugott.
Bosinoas Staff
Local Adrertising: D. 8. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Circulation Manager, R. M, RectenWald.
Sports Staff
Editor
J. P. Dolan
Phonaa: Editorial 4005; Bwinoaa 5038; Sporta 2792
Represented for national adrertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Are., New York, N. Y.
Bold and Bldck
proportion is even going to be worse next yearl One of our co-eds has decided to accompany her/^family to Georgia. So long, Janet Pickering
Alice Whitehead. You eds must be satisfied since you elected the charming co-eds to their position of prominence.
if
Well “fchillun” this is the big week-end. We have but two regrets, namely: the heat may wear some of Us out before the dance is over (hope there is a lot of room at the the airport) and that our friend at the blue spot on the other side of town is on his vacation. It won’t be the same!
-—do try aiid come back and keep the ratio down!
-B & B—•
-B & B—
We now have a prom queen that your columnist thinks will satisfy all the Purdue gentlemen. We wish to extend our congratulations to Prom Queen Erma Berry! We also want to slap the queen’s court on the back, namely Polly Prentice and
It’s not enough that there aren’t any co-eds about tjiis summer. On top of that the Union girls have to go about discouraging people. What we refer to, is that Madonna Warren of the West desk Warrens is now wearing the Beta pin belonging to Don Haines. She has only known him a month, too.
-B & B—
Oh the baseball front we understand that Big Jim Farley is going to put $1,500,000 down for the Yanks and theihjfarms. $2,500,000 when you catch me. That’s a lot of stamps. !,
to see who can out talk the other now. Hitler keeps hollering about a “total” war. We figured it was pretty total up to date. Britain don’t scare easy though. Farmers with shotguns keep running in Nazi flyers for trespass.
The “blitzkrieg” to our fair city has already started. The imports are beginning to show their faces at this early date. The imports around now are regular semester students. Hello to you old timers! Now the tables are turned. How do you like to be the brunt of the co-eds cool stares and remarks. Just remember how you felt next fall when the imports again return!
-B & B—
He’s a piker. Mr. Roosevelt is putting down upwards of $10,000,000,000 for the Yanks. And that ain’t hay.
On the other hand the British claim they aren’t anywhere near licked. Blast away they say. However, they admit a hundred American destroyers would help.
These Purdue co-eds sure have a lack of that well known quality called scruples. Caroline Shaw drops out of school and within a week her roommate at the WRH is seen out with Caroline’s pin man. Can it be that she can’t get a date any other place ?
—B & B—
Both sides m this business seem to have settled down So would a peace treaty.—dkh
four Tippecanoe County Mrs. Grace McKee is New S'*'™ Meet winners
Students Attend CE Camp Housemother At Phi Mu
Four students from Tippecanoe county who have just finished their freshman year at Purdue, are among 70 youths enrolled this summer in the civil engineering practice camp of the university. The camp of 247 acres, 11 miles southwest of the city, offers a summer of practical experience in astronomical observations, laying out roads.
Mrs. Grace McKee, of Springfield, Mo., has been appointed new housemother of Phi Mu sorority, effective Sept. 1, according to Phi Mu advisory council. Successor to Mrs. F. I. Thomas, Mrs. McKee was on the campus earlier this summer, enrolled as a member of the housemothers’ summer school, conducted here as a part of the summer ses-
Twenty-five University students
competed in the annual Summer
Session swimming meet held last night in the Fieldhouse pool. Winners in the various events
were as follows: diving, Jesse Crad-
dock; 50 yard free style, J. Carney; 50 yard breast stroke, R. K. Morse; 50 yard back stroke, Wayne Ancker; and 100 yard free style, Carney.
Your columnist has seen the following two regular co-eds back and both of them were giving the Kappa Sigs a break! Come on tell us Barbara Hyman and Janice Yeoman what we lack to have the same good fortune to enjoy your company!
-B & B—
It looks like the WRH is going to be mighty empty Friday night with two o’clock hours and the orchestra playing until 2 a. m.
—B & B— Looks like the male and female
\
Have your clothes cleaned the way that you want —be thrifty; have them cleaned at—
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
railways, and designing bridges, as well as measuring the flow of the Wabash river and taking soundings to determine the river depth at various places. The practical field work precedes the sophomore instruction in civil engineering courses. The camp will close Saturday, August 10, when the regular summer session at the university ends. Prof. G. E. Lommel is in charge of the camp, which is staffed by regular members of the instructional corps. The students from Tippecanoe county are R. K. Hine and R. A. MacDowell, of West Lafayette, and R.‘T. Ball and K. Streeter, Lafayette.
Classified Ads
Apartment For Rent—Excellently fine two rooms with private bath. Everything furnished except linens, silverware and dishes. West Side Cleaners.
Ru^s—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER COCKTAIL LOUNGE
WALNUT ROOM CAFE
Call a Yellow Cab
I
TAXI
Put all your driving cares into the hands of our trusty, amiahle drivers and relax. Don't forget to call a YELLOW CAB, especially for PROM.
I
TAXI
5023
PHONES
3071
YELLOi:! CAB 00
The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow
99
Both Air Conditioned
\
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
l\eacl
Collegiate Sports
DAILY
IN
The Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale / Starting August 29
Before You Make That Trip To See Your Best Girl
Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvement in performance.
Peter Anderson Company
6th and Alabama Streets
‘‘After You We Come First”
yr \
mmmmsrn
' I'lirriii iiimfiriiitiiMiTiiii8iiiittMii
im’tMtiiiifia
iHMISiSiAl
iiiMHello Freshman - Here's The How When Why And Where Of Orientation
\ Today’s Exponent will be mailed to approximately 1000 freshmen who have entered applications for admission with the University, and it is for these that we include a seetiop of the new Freshman Handbook, which is not yet off the presses, covering the periods of orientation and registration. The excerpt is as follows: The Program of the Orientation Period for Freshmen Beginning September 7, 1940 1. The Office of the Dean of Men will be the official headquarters for the Orientation Period and an information bureau will be maintained there. 2. All new students, including transfers, are required to attend the mbetings and tests scheduled in this program. 2. It is essential that you be on time at all of the exercises. 4. Students seeking living arrangements may obtain assistance from: / ^ M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men, acting for the men. Executive Building—IPhone 3001. Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, acting for the women. Executive Building—Phone 3001. (Women students must room in places approved by the Dean of Women.)
If possible, complete ydhr living arrangements before the seven forty-five o’clock convocation on Saturday, September 7. Make note of your room address and telephone number. 6. Bring two sharpened pencils to each of the exercises. 6. For the. exercises on Sempteber 7, 9, 10, and 11 you will be assigned a number. The number on your preliminary registration card will be your orientation number. This number will be given to you when you enter the Orientation Convocation. If you are a candidate for advanced standing in freshman mathematics, engineering drawing, or chemistry, you should report on Friday, September 6, to the building indicated below: 8:00 A.M. to 10:00 A.M. Mathematics Test, Recita-^ tion Building, Room 313. 10:30 A.M. to 12:30 A.M. Chemistry Test, Education Building, Room 101. 1:30 P.M. to 4:00 P.M. Engineering Drawing Test, Michael Golden Shops. ' FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 6 7:30 P.M. to 9:00 P.M. Party, sponsored by The Religious Council, to be held in the South Ballroom of the Union Building. All new students are invited.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 7 7:46 A.M.J;o 9:00 A.M. Introductory Convocation— All new students. Hall of Music (enter on ground fioor directly back of Executive Building). EvUry student is expected to be in his place promptly. Doors will be open at 7:15. 9:00 A.M. to 9:30 A.M. Rest Period. 9:30 A.M. to 10:46 A.M. Psychological Examination. 10:46 A.M. to 12:00 M. English Placement Test. 1:30 P.M. to 3:00 P. M. English Composition Test. 3:16 P.M. to 4:00 P.M. (a) New students in Agriculture meet in Assembly Room, Agricultural Hall. ' (b) New students in Engineering meet in Eliza Fowler Hall. (c) New students in Home Economics meet in Auditorium of Home Economics Building. (d) New students'in Pharmacy meet in Pharmacy Building. (e) New students in Science meet in Lecture Room, Stanley Coiflter Hail. (f) New students in Physical Education meet in Room 107, Fieldhouse Gym. (g) New students in Trade and Industrial Education meet in Room 208, Education Building, 9:00 P.M. Union Mixer.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9 8:00 AM.-6:00 P.M. Physicasl Examinatitim fat Men. Consult schedule on page 12, and report promptly at time indicated to Executive Building, ground floor. Use the south entrance. 8:00 A.M.-9:80 A.M. Home Economics Ptacement Test. Nos. 1-660, tnclusive. For sM women in the School of Home Economics and all women in the School of Sciencif who elect Home Economics in place of History. Education Building, Room 101. 8:00 A.M.-9:00 A.M. Mathematics Training Test. Nos. 711 and above. 10:30 A.M.-11:30 A.M. Mathematics Training Test, Nos. 561 to 710, and all women exc^t th<»e in the School of Home Economics. 10:00 A.M.-6;00 P.M. Physical Examination for Women. (See schedule, page 13.) TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10 8:00 A.M.-6:00 P.M. Physical Examinations for Men. 8:00 A.M.-6:00 P.M. Physical Examinalions for Women. 8:00 A.M.-6:00 P.M. Registration. (See schedule^ page 14.Things Yon Must Do Before You Can Register 1. Be accepted for admission by the Director of Admissions. ^ (Continued on page 4)
Purdue
Volume 4. No.^l| //
Exponent
Thursday, August 1. 1940
Exponent Bowlers Lose Second Match To Doc Millefs Pill-Rollers, 2582-2391 Dropping the second game to an inspired Exponent team, but copping the first and third games by large margins. Doc Miller’s Pill-Rollers tumbled 2582 pins to Exponent’s 2391 as the second of two challenge matches was bowled in the Union alleys last night.
The Origin Of
Led by Bob Thoennes and Jim Fiddler, veteran bowlers from the local leagues, the self-styled Champions oi Lafayette and Vicinity successfully defended their title, which goes on the block twice again this summer. Thoennes rolled a 693 set to take top honors for the evening, while Fiddler was not far behind. Jim McKee, Exponent lead-off man, commented after the match, “Doc, you’re either bowling over your head or else you’re much improved.” Miller laid his success to a change from a heavy ball to a lighter one, explaining, “I’ll never make a man-bowler, but you can see that I’m not just being carried by those other boys on my team.” Miller also pointed out that his customary cigar was forgotten for the evening, elihiinating the usual dizzy spell. No other matches between the two teams have been scheduled for the near future. These two matches were challenge matches played after members of the newspaper stait became exasperated at Miller’s boastfulness, which has' been well substantiated thus far. Miller stated his willingness to take on a team representing the Exponent sometime during the fall semester, warning however that matches would be hard to schedule because of deniahds for out-of-town engagements for the Pill-Roller squad. “But tell them this,” Miller concluded, “this is the best bunch of losers we’ve ever played, so don’t feel so bad about getting lickdd twice in a row.” Fraternity Row Meets Chemics Tonight For SS Soft Ball Crown Fraternity Row meets the Chem Engineers this afternoon at 6:80 behind the Fieldhouse to decide the summer session soft ball championship. The two teams are tied for first in the SS soft ball league, both having won four and lost one. The first game between the two contending champions ended in a dead heat 1-1. The Chemics won the second game op a home run by short stop Machaceck with a man aboard, 2-1. Last Thursday the Chemics bowed in defeat, leaving the series in a tie. Gene Hershelman will start on the mound for the Fraternity Row nine with Rayniack behind the plate. Hemer and Dickey will form the Chem battery.
Ag. Extension Dept. Publishes Book On Work In Indiana Commemorat'es 25 Years Of Federal-Staf'e Relation A brief account of the significant developments covering the past 25 years of Agricultural Extension Work in Indiana is inspiringly presented in a colorful, well illustrated booklet entitled, “25 Years of Extension Work in Indiana,” recently published by the University Department of Agricultural Extension, commemorating the silver anniversary of Federal-State co-operative agricultural and home economics extension relations. The 44-page booklet, dedicated “To the men and women whose unselfish and untiring services through the years made possible the notable achievements of extension work in Indiana . . .”, includes in the historical sketch and 26 year summary of extension activities in statements by President Edward C. Elliott; H, J. Reed, head of the department of agricultural extension, and associate director T. A. Coleman, of the agricultural ex,tension service; an outline of the achievements of former dii;ector G. I. Christie, the late William C. Latt, dean emeritus John H. Skinner, and* asspciate director Coleman; a brief review of significant extension developments from 1889 to 1939; a two-page spread of 12 pictures depicting extension work of a quarter of a century ago, and a brief report of achievements made by various agricultural departments at the University during the last 26 years, together with pictures of all persons engaged in extension work. Dr. Elliott Says ... “What has beep done during the /past quarter of a century gives Purdue University new encouragement for further success during the years ahead,” Dr. Elliott wrote as a part of the foreword for the publication. In the beginning, the stress was given to problems of production and improvements closely related thereto,” Associate Director Coleman wrote. “Today, we not only include all of these questions but extend (Continued on page 4)
... the Plumbing Code of the Bureau of Standards,” a paper written by Professor W. E. Howland of the School of Civil Engineering presented at the recent anual Plumbing Inspector’ School on the campus, is being mimeographed for distribution to this group throughout the state by the State Board of Hedlth and the Plumbers’ Association.
The Real Test
(An Editorial)
Several weeks ago nearly everyone we spoke to favored conscription and military training. Last week military training loomed on the horizon of, every male citizen between the ages of 18 and 64, and yesterday this changed to 21 to 31. In a month or two these men will be required to register for one year of military service, if the Burke-Wadsworth bill, now before Congress, becomes law. As the bill now stands, no special class of men will be exempted. This means that the majority of the students of Purdue will be affected by the bill in one way or
another.
The realization of this came home to many students last week when newspapers began to publicize the bill. The universal questions on the campus became “Will college students be exempted from the draft?” “Will college students be forced to interrupt their schooling if they are drafted ?” But these questions could only be answered by speculation since the bill is still in committee and has not been subject to debate in Congress as
yet.
In an interview last Monday with President Elliott we asked him these same questions. He quickly pointed out that any .answer he could make, to these questions would be purely a guess since the bill has not yet been passe'd and probably will not be passed for several weeks. He added, however, that the original plan as stated in the Burlce-Wads worth bill provides the President of the United States the power to exempt those engaged in vital industries and also those engaged in the pursuit of engine^ering, chemistry, physics, and medicine. Whether this will be incorporated in the final draft of the bill remains to be seen. Whether the draft is a political weapon to create more “war hysteria” we are not prepared to say. From our own personal viewpoint we favor conscription because it signifies to the world that the United States is awake to possible dangers and that she is prepared to defend and protect her rights and interests. But aside from the question of whether conscription for military service is justified at this time or not, there is another greater question. Can the people of the United States adapt themselves to this temporary sacrifice of their personal liberties in order that they and their progeny may continue to enjoy these liberties? Can we sacrifice oUr personal ambitions and hopes for a collective cause or have we become, like the ancient Romans, so accustomed to the benents of ’Our civilization that we have neither the will nor courage to defend them ? When conscription became a real possibility last week student’ reactions were many and varied. Some accepted the move with resignation others immediately began to justify their possible exemption. We heard complaints about leaving school in the midst of a career. We heard talk about letting those “who have nothing to lose do it.” But who has nothing to lose? No one who takes shelter in our (Continued on page 2)
Thetas, Triangles Steal Tap Scholastie Honors Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and Triangle fraternity led social organizations in University scholastic ratings for the second semester of the 1939-’40 school year with indices of 4.30 and
4.26, respectively.
Tau Beta Pi, national all-engineering honorary, led the honoraries with a 5.28 index, and the Cary Hall Annexes on 777 and 781 Russell street tied for first and second places among the men’s
residence halls and annexes.
Independents WRH South with a 4.06 index topped WRH North, 4.03, and
" WRH South, 4.01. Roachdale Hoiise, of the Student Co-Operative
Association, was first among the men’s house clubs and co-op-erative houses with a 4.43 index, and The Riley House led the
women’s house clubs with a 4.34 index.
Average standings of organizations and certain groups are: fraternity men, 3.91; non-fraternity men, 3.91; all men, 3.91; sorority women, 4.18, non-sorority women, 3.90; all women, 3.98; fraternity men and sorority women, 3.97; nonfraternity jnen and norffeorority women, 3.91; and all students, 3.93.
Sorority Standings Average Group Standing Rank
Alpha Chi Omega 4.28 2 Alpha Xi Delta 4.08 7 Chi Omega 4.24 3 Delta Gamma Col. 4.14 6-6 Kappa Alpha Theta 4.30 1 Kappa Kappa Gam. 4.15 4 Phi Mu 4.00 8 Pi Beta Phi 4.14 6-6 Fraternity Standings Acacia 4.11 6-7 Alpha Chi Rho 4.23 2 Alpha Gamma Rho 4.20 3 Alpha K. Lambda 3.65 32
Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha Tau Omega Beta Sigma Psi
Beta Theta Pi « Delta Chi Delta Tau Delta Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Sigma
3.86 3.67 4.18 3.80 3.78 3.96 3.68 3.70 3.98
Lambda Chi Alpha 3.99 Phi Delta Theta 4.04 Phi Gamma Delta 3.96 Phi Kappa 3.56 Phi Kappa Psi 3.74 Phi Kappa Sigma 3,93 Phi Kappa Tau 4.11 Pi Kappa Alpha 3.99 Phi Kappa Phi 4.14 Sigma Alpha Ep. 3.90 Sigma Alpha Mu 3.96 Sigma Chi /4J)& Sigma Nu 3.84 Sigma Phi Epsilon 3.94 Sigma Pi 3.70 Tau Epsilon Phi 3.83 Tau Kappa Epsilon 3.76 Theta Chi 3.98 Theta Tau 3.61 Theta Xi 3.54 Triangle 4.26 Honorqry Standings Alpha Lambda Delta 4.94 Alpha Phi Omega 4.23 Alpha Zeta 4.86 Catalyst < 4.44 Ceres 4.74
Average Standing
4.65 5.10 4.01 6.03 4.52 4.60 4.14 4.76 5.02
Chi Epsilon Delta Rho Kappa
Dolphin
Eta Kappa Nu
Iron Key
Kappa Delta Pi
Kappa Psi
Mortar Board
Omicron Nu
Phi Lambda Upsilon ^.98 5 Pi Tau Sigma 4.85 9 Scabbard and Blade 4.52 14-16 Sigma Delta Chi 4.36 17 Sigma Delta Psi No list submitted Skull and Crescent ” ” Tau Beta Pi 6.28 1 Tau Kappa Alpha 4.23 18-19 Theta Alpha Phi No list submitted Xi Sigma Pi 4.88 7
Cary Halls
Men’s Residence Halls and Annexes Cary Hall—^East 3.68 5-6 Cary Hall—North 3.68 7 Cary Hall—^Northw. 3.74 3 Cary Hall—South 3.68 5-6 Cary Hall—West 3.73 4 Cary Hall Aimex 777 Russell Street 3.38 8 Cary Hall Annex 781 RusseU Street 3.81 1-2 Oliver Perkips Terry House 3.81 1-2 Co-ops and Houses Bachelor’s Haven 3.39 19 Bastille 3.48 18 Bivouac 3.89 ' 11 Chaxmcey H., SCA 4.26 2 Circle Pines, SCA 4.08 7 Culture Hall 4.23 3 Dover House 3.77 ' IS Halcyon House 3.60 17 Kaguwa House, SCA 3.65 14 Luma House, SCA 4.04 8 Marwood H.. SCA 4.15 6 Purdue Only 4.03 9 Roachdale H., SCA 4.48 1 Salisbury H., SCA 4.10 6. State House 3.64 18-16 SteUar Hall 3.64 16-16 Uni-Tri-Versity 3.90 10 Wesley B. H. SCA 3.79 12 Westm. Rouse, SCA 4.16 4
WBR
WRH—North 4.03 8 ‘ WRH—South 4.06 1 WRH—West 4.01 3 (CouHnued on pafo 2)V i t
r
7 t
Thutidoy^lAugust 1,4940
1940 Forestry Camp Brings Season To A Close Today
The 1940 Forestry Camp, after the best season in history, is gradually completing its last lap. The group of 35 boys are extremely busy with the camp piogram of tree identification (dendrology); measurement o ftrees for growth and volume (mensuration); and forest surveying; as well as making forest insect collections in spare time at
night and over the week-end.
Each year the camp is visited by a group of the University Staff. This year. Professor Burr N. Prentice, head of the department, brought out to camp Deans H. J. Reed, V. C. Freeman, and M. L. Fisher. This was the first visit of Dean Reed. Deans Freeman and Fisher have been visiting the camp each year for the past ten years. Dr, George Davis, of the division of education and applied psychology, Dr B. E, Montgomery, of the entomology department, and Dr. C. L. Porter, of the biology department, made the trip down to camp on Thursday, July 26th and returned that night, the others remained
Theras, Triangles Steal (Continued from page 1)
Co-ops and
Houses
Ann Tweedale House,
SCA
3 92
10
Brockway House
SCA
3 83
13
Coedda
3 95
9
CoUegiana
4.18
5
Daisy-Ann
3 79
14
Glenwood House,
SCA
4 25
2-3
Otter-Be-Inn
4 02
8
S.H.E. House
3 84
12
Thaeles
4.21
4
The Gables
411
7
Theophilius Thirteen 4.13
6
The Riley House
4 34
1
Twin Pines House,
SCA
3 86
11
White House
4 25
2-3
HEALTHFULLY COOLED NARS TODAY - FRIDAY TVRiGR
fiene LOCiCliAiT Grant MBTCHEU. Henry ARMETTA
Imagine Lana Turner as a blusfiins brUel
It’s thrilling I
Young
— 5 BIG DAYS — STARTS SATURDAY
new and layous escapade With the Hardys in New Yoih'
M&ymnDY
HEALTHFULLY COOLED LIMA — TODAY-FRI. -^AT.-
Ricboril Arien DtriM • Kstbrya A4oh
— Also — ROY ROGERS — IN — 'The Ranger and the Lady'
—SUNDAY - MONDAY—
‘over until Friday, July 26th. For recreation this year, the Forestry Camp has excelled in soft ball winning over Henryville as well as over our neighbor. Camp 1599 of the CCC. The group picture was taken on Thursday at noon. In the afternoon, the party of deans, doctors, and professors made a tour of the Clark County State Forest. They had an opportunity to see the various groups receive instruction in the field. The camp staff is famous for various aptitudes and techniques. Professor O. M. Davenport is known for his vast store*'of knowledge of trees and shrubs, scientific names, and the world’s record as a hiker. Professor A. M. Herrick is known for his ability to estimate the diameters and heights of trees as well as their volume. Professors Spencer and Hubler are known for ability to lay out pieces of work and know the answers the students are supposed to get after a day of hard work in the field—the place they should come out, the elevation they should have and other (mysteries that baffle the beginner. Prof. Geltz, Handy Man Professor Geltz is best known for his-^bility to provide the hungry, tired students and staff with good, wholesome food of the best varieties. He is also known as the camp doctor and provides first aid for the injured and the many other needs and wants that a group like this can think about. He can still take the boys over the hills, finding the queerest trees and shrubs for identification which always turn out to be “typical.” After three attempts. Professor Geltz finally located a cook that
PLUS—Firtf Run Hit* . . ^adies \ustlive
-p /
itDSEbiAny MORRIS - LANE
Karai«Lee Patrick'George Reeves
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
^tiaipICIEpNEUi ' -A Columbia Picture
— ALSO — Chapter 12 'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU' — AND — 7 DAY OLD "PATHE NEWS"
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— "HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME' Starring CHARLES LAUGHTON —.AND —
Tom NEAL — ALSO — Walt Disney Color Cartoon
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY LAUREL & HARDY — IN — "FLYING DUCES" Their First Feature Length Comedy in 2 Years — and — ROY ROGERS — IN — , "ARIZONA KID" — ALSO— "Terry and the Pirates" Serial
aration of the food which is all could prepare food to his fancy. We are very fortunate to have Mr. and Mrs. Benton DeVore of Franklin, Indiana, taking ckre of the preparation of the food which is all that one could expect. Each of the three divisions of the camp have received their basic instruction in dendrology, fotest mensuration, and surveying. They are now on the final stage of the camp program. Each group will put to use the knowledge thus far received. The final week is devoted to the “Timber Survey.” Each group of three men, or crew, is assigned a forty acre tract on which they take the timber tally by species, and make a topographic map using the Forest Service compads for course and direction, the slope chain for distance, and the "tbpographic abney hand level to determine the elevation by which to draw the contour directly to the field map. These forty acre tracts are then matched to make the composite map for tbe year’s work. The work program will come to a close today. The maps will be completed, the timber tally will be com-
TODAY-FRI. - SAT.
STARTS SUNDAY
Walter Brennan • Fay Bainter Brenda Joyce* John Payne Charlie Buggies - Marjorie Weaver • Hattie McDaniel
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
llAlli
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -DOUBLE FEATURE—
The Bengal Lancers often out-numbered... never out-fought ...in a sweeping ^ spectacle of sensational action I Adolph 2ukor presents
I
liVEt OF ABEIKAl LANCER*
— WITH —
GTRY COOPER FRANCHOT TONE RICHARD CROMWELL — PLUS — This Swell Comedy Romance THANKS FOR THE MEMORY” A Paramount Prclure with BOB HOPE-SHIRLEY ROSS CHARLES BOTTERWORTH OTTO KRUGER
puted and the estimate made of the kinds, sizes, and volume of timber on the area. The equipment will be cleaned, oiled, packed and shipped back to“Xafayette. After the final meal the kitchen utensils, the beds and mattresses will be stored; the electric current Will he turned off; the water system drained; the buildings will be closed. Once more, the staff and the “clean up crew” will hid the place “adieu” and the camp of 1940 will be history.
THE REAL TEST (Continued from page 1) country has nothing to lose hy conscription. This is not an individual problem, it is the problem of all of us, the older man with the family, the young man with a small job who is buying a car, the college man who has finished two or three years of school. Can any one of these groups ask exemption on the grounds that they are making the greatest sacrifice ? We think not and go on record as being opposed to the exemption of any group as such. Personally we could not ask exemption in view of the sacrifices of the others. This is not the time for selfishness or xiettiness—it is the time for sacrifice and magnanimity. This is our problem. Can we solve it? \
(I*';
FRESHMEN I Don^t be caught napping and miss the events that are important in getting a good start. SUBSCRIBE to THE^ PURDUE EXPONENT So youll know what’s going on about the campus. Subscriptions on Sale at Registration PRICE $3.00 PER YEAR
MEN'S CLOTHING & FURNISHINGS TROPICAL SUITS 9-85 1285 14-85 10.85 REGULAR WEIGHT SUITS 12.85 14.85 10.85 10.85 £0*5 FURNISHINGS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES
See Wednesday Evening or Thursday Morning Journal & Courier For/ Full Particulars
SOOMAIIIST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.^ tliutsd«ty/August 1. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
> Bj Joseph Patrick Dolan Three fine former athletes, now University graduates, will enter the teaching profession this coming fall. They are Leonard Diehl, George Greey, and Martin Stamm. Diehl goes ..to Michigan City high to assist Duane Purvis, former P. U. all-American, as grid coach and to teach social studies. I.I Greey, more than a good quarterback during his freshman year here, goes to the Indianapolis grade school system as a physical educator and hygiene instructor. Greey was a hard hitting blocker and tackier when he entered Purdue, but a hard tackle of John Drake, now of the Cleveland Rams,' injured Greey’s bhck and shelved a steady, dependable performer for the duration of his college career. _I.I_ Stamm, a regular baseball player for the Boilermakers for the past three diamond campaigns, will teach English at West Lafayette high school and assist in coaching the high school teams. Diehl, who gets his master’s degree in P. E. this summer, was the star lineman of the Pordham, Wisconsin, and Detroit games' of his senior year m ’38. —I-I— Dave Rankin, came back to ’ole Purdue last week-end to jump around at the prom and smell the looker rooms of the fieldhouse. We had a long talk with the Well built all-American end who Will lead Purdue’s grid hopefuls this fall, and he still is just the grandest fellow in the business. _I.I_ Dave was wondering how early practice in September could be made more comfortable for the squad, because there’s no sun like Indiana sun in September. But that’s Dave
foi? ya, always thinking of the other fellow. No “WoUder he’s such a grand competitbr ahd swell capMin. All-American doesn’t even begin to describe him. The kid’s universal. -1-1— And so another Purdue athlete has made the all-star starting lineup. This time it is smiling Lou Brock, a Phi Delt, and anbther grand fellow. Lou BrOck performed his entire senior year in pain due to an injured knee that he wouldn’t admit. And he*ll be playing against his pal Cec Isbell. The two well regular halfbacks here in ’87. And after the game Lou and Cec will join hands for the same purpose, the Green Bay Packers. -,1-1— 'But during the contest, I personally pity any passes that Cec trys to throw over Lou’s head. Incidentally Cec is a Phi Delt, also. Don’t think that Lou will be the only Purdue man in the offense, because Ted Hennis also stands a great chance of plasnng due to a different system of playing than the present indicated starting lineup presents. —I-I— The coach of^ the all-stars will be a Notre Dame man, that is a coach using a N. D. system, ^and such a system calls for the quarterback to be a blocker, and a blocker only, but in the starting line-up will be Schindler, of So. Cal., not a blocker but a ball carrier, because where he hails from the quarterback does the ball lugging, punting, and passing, and his ability won’t be wasted with blocking, and it takes seasons to perfect N. D. blocking assignments of the system’s quarterbacks. ^ ' -1-1-And can Hennis block? You said it, and with a purple passion, too. t -1-1— Walter Ford, a local product, expected to do a lot of signal calling down at Louisiana Tech this fall, says that Purdue is the luckiest school north of the Mason-Dixon line in hiring Herb Duggans as a Ime coach.
CONVENIENT For You The
ER SHO
Here you can get all types of barber work, at your convenience, by expert barbers, in clean surroundings, with modern equipment. Plenty of chairs and barbers insure quick service.
On the Ground Floor
m
JhsL fiWvduUL TyimufdaL UnlotL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Farm Conference Today To Discuss Tenant Problems Discussion Hero First Of Kind Held In State Methods of" obtaining mutually profitable relationships between landlords and farm renters will be discussed at the first state Land-lord-Renter Conference to be held at the University today. Director H. J. Reed, of the Agricultural Extension Service, predicted yesterday that several himdred farmers from all sections of Indiana would take part in the discussions planned. This morning’s session of the conference, the first state meeting of its kind to be held in Indiana, will be presided over by Director Reed. President E. C. Elliott will welcome the visitors, and David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees, will outline the objectives of the one-day meeting. Following a discussion of principles involved in relations between renters and landlords by Prof. O. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department, E|rnest Thornburg, Shelbyville, land-owner and manager of several farms, and two of his renters, Prank Shaw of Shelbyville and John Moster of Laurel, will explain and review their working arrangements and rental agreements. Following lunch in the Memorial Union Building, where the conference will be held, the group will attend a 20-minute musical program in the new Hall of Music. Dr. Lynn Robertson, assistant head of the farm management department, will preside over the afternoon session, at which the principal speaker will be Joseph Ackerman, Chicago, an official of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers,! who will talk on “Some Recent Observations of Profitable and Happy Landlo(Ud-Renter Relations.” Another feature of the afternoon session will be the “Question Box”
The^th
Well, the first move to stop the fifth column is underway. The government is going to register and fingerprint 3,600,000 aliens. We heard some champion of the people standing up for them the other night via the radio. He said it was persecution and compared it with Nazi Jew baiting. We say if ya ain’t got a guilty conscience what’s the diff. The guy wouldn’t listen though, so we fixed his clock. ' We changed stations. * * * Personally we believe in fingerprinting everybody. Not that it will do any good. We just like to get ink on our fingers. It has something to do with* printers’ ink in the blood. / * * « Besides our plan would include pretty little blonde fingerprinters to hold our hands while the job was being done. That’s in our blood too. * * * The Frenchmen over here are organising a klu klux klan or something to carry on the fight from America now. By all legal methods they hasten to explain. We always figured if a guy had to throw stones he ought to do it from his own back yard instead of in from ours. It’s a good trick if it works, though. In our younger days we used tq stand in front of $100 worth of plate glass and dare belligerent people to toss a brick at us. It makes plate glass owners ner-
The Purdue Exponent
Ei>t«r«d M tfeeond clu* iaistt«r ttw pMt fa La> Uyette, ladisna, ttnOtx the at* at Caofptmi of Manii f., 1819. abi at the ipceial »at« of voatafm ptatUM tar fa Motion 1198, act of Oetobor 8, 1917, aaAotiaai Jmaxuay 29, 1928. Fnbltolicd daibr extapt Monday di/tbtp tha ne». alar aeademie rear and wtekkr darfag fba Bmmtaar Station. Snbeeriptiona mailed for M eanta
Pebfleefien Staff
Editor^in-Cliief K. W. Donahttc Newo Editor J. H. IfeSea Managing Editor D, E. Beiple Associate fkiitors: J. A. Parcel], J. I,. Traiqrott.
Bodmn Staff
Local Advertisinfl:: D. 8. Powen, G. C. Landers; Cireola-
tion Manaser, B. H. Beeteswald.
Speita Staff
Editor ,
jr. F. Dolaa
PhoflM: Editorial 4005; Baaia Sperta 2792
5038;
K^reeented for national adrertisinc by National Adrertisinc Serricew Inc., Collese Pntdlsben Bepresentatiras. 429 Madison Art., New York. N. T.
vous though. That’s the way this makes us. Nervous. * ♦ ♦ In the meantime, Mussolini is begging Hitler to let him help invade England. Caesar did so now he wants to. Kin I take care of the rabbits, George? t * * So der fuhrer says okey doke but just a little. We get to have most of the fun. The real squabble will come when they try to decide who will be the King of England. The King owns the navy.—dkh
period, when the landlords and renters will divide into three sectional meetings, according to their interests, crop share, stock share, and working agreement on the twothirds basis. Here a round-table discussion on general problems and questions will take place. The closing session will bring the^ entire conference together for a general summary on the proceedings of the day with Prof. Lloyd in charge.
Largest employers of student help at the University of Florida have signed a code governing wages and labor conditions.
I\eacl Collegiate Sports
DAILY BV.
The Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29
WBAA The Voice of Purdue'
—TODAY— 11:00—Just About Time 11:15—March Time 11:30—Musical Roimd-up 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Nopn Melodies 12:15—Social Security 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—Petite Musicale 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—A Story A Day 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Symphony Hall 3:45—^News of the Week 4:00—^Tea Time 'Tunes 4:45—Story Book Hour
Applicatiens Fcr Union Club Rooms Receivable; Building To Close Aug. 10 Applications for faculty and graduate student rooms in the Union Club for the coming school year are no"8^ being received in the Union office, it was announced yesterday by Miss Hanawalt, Union Secretary. The Union building, with the exception of the Union Club and Coffee Shop, will close Saturday, August 10, to remain closed until the first of September. The entire building wiU be open for the first meeting of the Soils Mechanics Division of the SPEE, meeting on the cam^S^ September 1.
CASH For Used Books Highest priee paid for all your books whether Used at Purdue or NOT. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40 Next to College Inn
Before You Make That Trip Home After Finals— Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvement in performance.
nderson Company
6tli and Alabama Streets
96
After Ypu We Come FirstPURDUE EXPONENT
Hello Fredtmen
(Continued from page 1) 2. Take all Orientation tests. 3. Complete physical examination. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11 8j00 A.M.-6:0b P.M. Registration. (See schedule, page 14.)^ THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 8:00 A.M. Regular class work begins. Students will • attend classes to which they have been assigned during the final registration. If your name is not called in class or you have other reasons to believe that the instructor does not have you on his class roll, consult him at once. If necessary, see the Registrar or the Dean of Men. This is very important. Be sure you have the class periods marked on your assignment card. Oo not stop attending a class without having it cancelled officially and the cancellation filed in the Registrar’s office. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PHYSICAL EXAMINATIONS The physical examinations for men will be held in the Executive Building, ground floor. Use the south entrance. The physical examinations for women will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium. Come promptly at the time indicated for your number in the following schedules: Schedule of Physical Examinations for Men
Instructions for Final Registration, The Armory
1. If you have satisfied all the entrance requirements, you will be admitted to final registration upon presentation of Coupon A of your preliminary registration form, properly stamped to show that you have accomplished all pre-registration requirements. 2. Any student whose card of admission directs him to report to the Registrar’s office (this includes nearly all students admitted to advanced standing) and any applicant who has not received a card of admission should go to the Registrar’s office and consult the clerk in charge of admission at least twenty-four hours before the time scheduled for registration. The Registrar’s office is closed on Sunday. 3. The registration is carried on in the Armory.
Hour
Mon., Sept. 9 Tue., Sept. 10
Wed., Sept.ll
8:00 A.M.
551-625
1306-1390
2071-2155
9:00 A.M.
626-710
1391-1475
2166-2240
10:00 A.M.
711-795
1476-1560
2241-2325
11:00 A.M.
796-880
1561-1645
2326-2400
1:00 P.M.
881-965
1646-1730
2401-end
2:00 P.M.
966-1050.^
1731-1815
3:00 P.M.
1051-1135
1816-1900
4:00 P.M.
1136-1220
1901-1985
5:00 P.M.
1221-1305
1986-2070
Schedule
of Physical Examinations for Women
Hour
8:00 —
8:30—
9:00— 9:30— 10:00— 10:30— 11:00— 1:00—
1:30—
2:00— 2:30— 3:00— 3:30— 4:00—
Schedule For Registration Tuesday, Sept. 10 Wednesday, Sept. 11 1-22 and 5^1-630 309-330 and 1671-1760
331-352 and 1751-1830 363-374 and 1831-1910 375-396 and 1911-1990 397-418 and 1991-2070 419-440 and 2071-2160 441-462 and 2161-2230 463-484 and 2231-2310 486-606 and 2311-2390 507-528 and 2391-2470 529-660 and 2471-end
Hour
Mon., Sept. 9
Tues., Sept. 10
8:00 A.M.
Rechecks
225-259
9:00 A.M.
Rechecks
260-294
10:00 A.M.
1-29
295-329
11:00 A.M.
30-54
330-354
1:00 P.M.
65-84
366-384
2:00 P.M.
85-119
386-419
3:00 P.M.
120-154
420-454
4:00 P.M.
'"165-189
455-489
5:00 P.M.
190-224
! 490-524
Ag. Extension Dept. (Continued from page 1)
23-44 and 631-710 46-66 and 711-790 67-88 and 791-870 89-110 and 871-960 111-132 and 961-1030 133-164 and 1031-1110 166-176 and 1111-1190 177-198 and 1191-1270 199-220 and 1271-1350 221-242 and 1361-1430 243-264 and 1431-1610 265-186 and 1611-1690 287-308 and 1691-1670
PROCEDURE FOR REGISTRATION For registration to operaje most efficiently, it is very important that the procedure outlined in the diagram on the opposite page be followed: Enter the Armory at the University Street entrance on the hour shown by the Registration Schedule. Show your permit to register to the clerk in charge. Get your assignment card at the desk marked (1). Go from here to your school aisle (2), where you will arrange your schedule with the deputy in charge. After your schedule is approved, collect your class cards along the row marked (3). At the tables numbered (4) receive the University forms and fill them out at the tables provided. After the clerk at gate (5) checks all your material, pass to the checking line. Check at each row of desks. If you drive, have your car registered at (7). Have your picture taken at (8). Have your fees assessed at (9), and pay them at (10). This is the procedure. Follow it and help smooth out the most tiresome day in the year.
University Names E. E. Martell Head Of Forestry Dept. Former Dean Atjdaho . Assumes Job August 20 Dr. Elred E. Martell, assistant dean of the School of Forestry at the University of Idhho, has been appointed head of the University Department of Forestry of Purdue University, effective August 20, it was announced recently by President E. C. Elliott. \Prof. B. N. Prentice, who has been head of the department, will continue as professor of forestry, devoting his time largely to instruction of advanced students in this field. The appointment of Dr. Martell comes as a result of the decision of University authorities to expand the work of the forestry department to include the broader field of wild life conservation and more work in cooperation with the Indiana Department of Consertation and the thousands of Conservation Chief members in the state. Dr. Martell was born near Romeo, Michigan, September 4, 1901, and received his bachelor’s degree in forestry at the University of Michigan in 1926, and his master’s degree there a year later. From 1926 to 1930 he was with the U. S. Forest Service, but returned to his al-
ma mater in 1930 as an instructor and to work on his doctorate which he obtained in 193^. He then spent three years as instructor in silviculture at Pennsylvania State College, but in 1936 accepted a position at Idaho and in 1988 was made assistant dean of the School of Forestry, which is one of the foremost in the United States, Throughout his service with forestry education, Dr. Martell has devoted part of his time to the con-
servation phase and he likewise has become widely known in this field, a phase of the work which previously has dra’^ only minor attention at Purdue^ but which will be emphasized liiuch more in the future. Prof. Prentice, who was one of the first instructors in forestry at Purdue, was made head of the departn^ent several years ago. He has greatly expanded the work in teaching, research and extension in this field. N
our thinking to the fields of distribution, marketing, and consumption. Then, the farmers worked largely as individuals; now, we and they work with all organized groups of men and women in any way interested in and related to the farm or home problems.” In a page length message entitled “Looking Forward,” Extension Director H. J, Reed said among other things: “Agriculture is dynamic and ever changing, and as we look toward the future, yrhat tasks do we find that challenge every resource at our command? If agriculture is to be more profitable, if home life is to be more satisfying, and if our communities are to be irile and effective, we must all have a better understanding of the laws of nature, economics, and of our society. Copies At Extension Bldg. “Let us strive to have in Indiana the best informed rural population . in the nation and to give our rural youth an opportunity to be prosperous and happy on land that is more productive than when we took it over.” The booklet was assembled and edited by H. E. Young, associate in agricultural extension at the University. Copies of the publication may be obtained by writing to the University Department of Agricultural Extension. Appoint Assistant On Home Ec Staff To fill the vacancy of nutrition specialist, Miss Lois Marie Oberhelman> Barnes, Eans., has been appointed as assistant in home economics. Miss Oberhelman is a graduate of Kansas State College, having received her B. S, in 1984, and her M. S. from the (same institution in 1987. She has had four years teaching experience in vocational home economics and four years home demonstration agent experience'in Kansas and Washington.
TODAY AND EVERYDAY We Pay CRsm. for second-hand books.
Bring all your books, whether active or inactive to Southworth'S
308 STATE STREET
Preserve The Interior^ And Exterior of your house with Pittsburg Paints We Coory a Complete Line of Mirrors and Window Glass HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO, 826 Main St. Phone 3841
FOR ECONOMY AND SERVICE PATRONIZE YOUR LOCAL MERCHANTS
It doesn’t matter what you need . . . new furniture for your college home or paint to brighten your house...
SORORITIES and FRATERNITIES
Plan now to repair your^^^ome for Sept. Improve Your Rushing By Improving The Looks of Your Home
You can’t do better than Lafayette prices . . . Quick turn over enables the Lafayette merchants to carry complete and modem merchandise. r You can always depend upon the Lafayette merchant to give you what you want when you Want it.
14}