Jit,
Volume 51. No. 128
Purdue
3t.ttf
Exponent
4 " * /■> A' ■* -' fU
Thtteedcqr# Bilareli 7. 1940
I" 'Jf:
Vd
^tzer To Speak At industrial Arts Convention Friday “There’s only one test for industrial designing. If it’s any good, it has to work,” states George Swi^ zer, one of the leading six industrial designers of America, in a definition of industrial designing. Billed to lecture at the Industrial Arts Design show commencing Friday in the east and west reception rooms of the Union, Switzer will delve a little deeper into this subject. ' “Controlled Appearance” A simple explanation- might be that industrial design is “merely’ a ‘workable combination’ of utilitarian art and design. It is the ‘workable combination’ that industrial designers strive for, and, in this Held, it is the difference between success and failure. Switzer has coined the term “controlled appearance” which is to him a synonym for ‘workable combination.’ His lecture is scheduled for 7:30 Friday, the evening of the first day of display the exhibit’s display. Native Son A native Hoosier, Switzer was bom at Plymouth, in one of America’s Two Typical Coimties. He might have been a farmer, but upon trying it for one summer under the tutelage of his grandfather, he gave it up as a poor job. At the University of Illinois, he majored in psychology, but has never bothered to “psych” his mind to find out why he practices so little “windowdressing” in his own studio, though he sells “window-dressing” to everybody else. Ten Day Run The exhibit is scheduled to continue through March 18, and will be open from one ’til ten every day. Special catalogs are being prepared illustrating I the'^ various exhibits with pictures and blueprints. Pledges To Receive Gold Pepper Caps At Informal Dance By Ruth Rose According to the latest reports fiom the committee in charge. Gold Pepper members will be easily identified at their dance in the Union ballroom tomorrow night, for they will appear at the affair wearing their gold and black caps. Actives will wear their usual gold caps, while the pledges will don the caps with the black side up. Pledges who have been chosen by the active members will be introduced to the dancers at 10 o’clock. At that time they will be given their caps and gold and black iibbons, symbols of their pledgeship. 'The way in which the pledges will be annWnced promises to be something new and different, but no details of the system have been announced. During the intermission from lj>:30 to 11 o’clock pledges and actives and their dates and faculty guests will be entertained at a reception in the west faculty lounge. This reception will give the new pledges their first opportunity to meet the faculty guests and active members. Tickets for the dance may be purchased during the remainder of the week at sorority houses or from the desk outside the sweet shop. I Ralph Heckel . . . was named senior basketball ' manager and Thomas G. Sollitt alternate manager by Noble Kizer, University Athletic Director. Heckel is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity and Sollitt a member of Sigma Nu fraternity. Dr.C.F.Harding . . . head of the school of electrical engineering, has returned from Washingtion, D. C., where he was called as an expert witness on high voltage transmission before the Federal Power Commission in the case of the Hartford, Conn., Electric Company.
First Nighters View Seventh Heaven
AmoMceDateFor Playshop's Latest Production Selection Of Prom Portrays Parisian Love Story
Queen --March 14
Registration Lower This Semester-; ME
Junior Prom Queen will be selected March 14 from a group of twenty-four nominees representing eight sororities, the Women’s Residence Halls, and the Purdue Independent Associatiop, announced the Prom Qi^een selection committee last night. Nomination limits as set by the committee are as follows, two juniors from each sororitir, four from the entire residence halls population, and four to be selected by PIA. Qualifications for nomination are beauty, personality, and popularity. All girls up fo;r nomination should wear afternoon dresses at the time of the selection. Chosen queen of the Junior Prom will, as is customary, lead the Grand March with her partner. Committee members who were appointed by the Student Senate are Virginia Royce, chairman. Bob InSley, Paul Cooper, Margerite Saurer, Ann Sickman, Rusty Layson, Martin Estey, and Jerry Hinshaw. Banquet Tonight Will Honor Short Course Students Awards for outstanding achievement attained scholastically and in athletics during the Agridultural winter Short Course will be presented to the students enrolled in the couise at a banquet tonight in the south ballroom of the Union. The chief speaker of the evening will be Mr. L. F. Livingston, head of the Agriculture Extension Division of the Dupont Chemical Company, who IS considered one of the most outstanding men in his field of work. This banquet, which is in charge of Professor V. C. Freeman of the Animal Husbandry department, together with the presentation of diplomas by President Elliott at graduation exercises Friday morning, will biing to a close the eightweek course. , The winter Short Course, which started on January 16, consisted of 34 courses in either of the four options offered—general agriculture, dairy manufacturers, animal husbandry, and dairy production. Under the supervision of the activities chairman. Professor F. B. Robbins of the Agronomy department, the winter course students, who number 196 in all, took part in many extra-curricular activities, which included a complete athletic program, a 14 piece orchestra, a 26 voice glee club, and a special entertainment series. Tickets for the banquet, which starts at 6:16 and is open to the winter short course students and to their families and friends, may be secured from Professor Robbins. Irvjan Maury's Band To Play For First Annual SCA Dance student Co-operative Association will originate another annual campus event in the form of their first annual cooperative students informal danpe ip the north Union ballroom Saturday evening at 9. All SCA members are eligible to attend upon the purchase of tickets priced at one dollar per couple. Music for the dance will be furnished by Irvan-Maiiry and their campus orchestra. The orchestra backdrop will be decorated with the monogram, ‘SCA.’ Members of the dance committee include Charles Hansen, chairman, Helen Cox, and Lawrence Hess. Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Prof, and Mrs. G. H. Graves, Prof, and Mrs. G. B. Bachman, and Ass’t. Dean Clare A. Coolidge will be chaperones.
“Chico, Diane, Heaven,” so goes the theme of Playshop’s Schoot StUI Lcstis
latfest production, “Seventh Heaven” which opened in Fowler Hall last night for a four night run. Leading roles were played by Juanita Sebum, the loveable, courageous Diane; and Benton Bums as “the very remarkable fellow/’ Chico. / A War Love Stwy .
“Seventh Heaven” is a love story which takes place in Paris inunediately before and during the war. Chico, who professes to be an athiest, tells his taxi cab driver friend, Boul, played by Jerry Ciral, of his three aims in life. They are to become a street cleaner instead of a sewer worker, to have a wife, and to ridte with his wife in a taxi thru the city and finally to his home. He meets Diane, befriends her, and falls in love with her. Then >with the help of his benevolent friend, th^ neighborhood priest, played by Bill Adams, Chico finds his three wished have been granted. However, his happiness is soon taken away when he is forced to leave Diane to take his place in the French army. Chico Returns Diane’s newly-established courage and her belief that her lover will come back carries the drama to the final scene when, on Armistice Day, the blind Chico returns to Diane’s heaven on the seventh floor. Here he reassures her of his love.
and the curtain falls as Chico declares that he will see again. Bob il^ettema as the fellow street cleaner, Maximillian Gobin, and Chuck Hart as the animal-like sewer rat, are strong in their supporting roles. Jerry Ciral gives a very convincing performance as the French taxi driver, and Bill Adams as the friendly priest is quite a contrast to the comedy role of Mistoe which he took in “Brother Rat,” an earlipr Playshop production. Supporting Roles Mary Alice Miller as Diane’s friend, Arlette; Norma Lee Spector as the cruel Nana, and Carl Thompson as Brissac are convincing in their supporting parts. Betty Erick, Bob Peterson, Lewis Morrison, Joe Martin, Don Salmond, and Sam Marks complete the very competent cast. “Seventh Heaven” was directed by John Dietrich and staged by Jack Miller and William Deam. The production will continue through Saturday night. '
Large Audience Attends Floral Musical Given By State Florists
By Beth Simpson Soft, van-colored lights playing upon the makers of sweet and stirring music, bits of poetry, and beautiful flowers composed last night’s floral musical which was presented before a crowd of 1,300 students, faculty and townspeople in the south ballroom of *the Union. The program climaxed the Indiana Florists conference held on the campus one Tuesday and Wednesday, which attracted approximately 200 florists. “Growing up with flowers” was the theme carried out during the entire program. To music and the words of a poem the. opening scene was the appearance of Betty Co-ed of 1960 and her nurse. The daintiest, most fragrant flowers were the most appropriate for the new arrival, and a similar corsage for the doting nurse was advocated by the narrator who, from behind the scenes told the audience the proper flowers for every occasion. Birthday Party Progressing from this day to the 6th birthday party where the small guestb brought baskets of flowers to their hostess, to another exciting day—^her first Junior Prom, with flowers especially attractive and suited to the occasion. Graduation day came nexj; with its ever sym-
bolic sheaf of red roses and bright plans for the future. A modern bride with her severe wedding gown and bouquet of colored flowers was contrasted with the demure old-fashioned bride of 1911 with her simple, sweet dress and semi-old-fashioned bouquet of white roses. The golden wedding anniversary with two sweet old people still very much in love even after fifty years was the final scene, and was brightened by a display bouquet of golden daffodilla and roses. Be Proper, Young Lady Flowers for Valentine’s Day, for Saint Patrick’s Day, for the Easter parade, with the proper flowers for the young lady, the matron, and even the tiny girls whose bunnies had flowers stuck in their paws— for Mother on Mother’s Day, for sick friends in the hospital, and for such very special occasions as Christmas Day and New Years Day were displayed by very attractive models. Music during the program was furnished by Mrs. Joseph Regains, on the celeste. The Concert choir and the Men’s Glee Club, who made a very impressive sight as they marched up the runway in a military manner dressed in tails and white ties, provided music between different parts of the program.
Co-eds Complete Plans For Booths At WAA Penny Carnival Saturday Plans for booths at the annual WAA Penny Carnival, which will be held from 7:30 to 12 p. m. on Saturday night in the women's gym, have been completed by sororities and residence houses. Proceeds of the evening’s entertainment will be used to establish a new scholarship to the University by Sportswomen, sponsors of the Carnival.
^he games of skill and chance to be featured include a pitching pennies game by the Chi Omegas, a
“rat race” by the Delta Gammas, and “Sock ’em in the face,” a new version of baseball throw to be given by Thaeles. Other booths are “Hit the Hoop” by Sportswomen, “Neptune’S Centarium,” by WRH west, a jitterbug contest by the Alpha Chis, “Knock ’em down” by WAA, and a “thrill group” by the co-op houses. There will also be booths selling candy and popcorn, which are being sponsored by Sportswomen. General admission to the carnival is five cents. A prize will be award-
ed to the group which sets up the piost original booth and another to the one which succeeds in collecting the most pennies from its custom-
ers.
Arrangements for other entertainment during the evening have been prepared by the program committee, headed by Isabel Winbarr. A swimming exhibition will be presented by Triton Club members at eight o’clock. At 8:80 WAA me^^bers will give a tumbling demonstration and at 9:30 a Chinese magic show will be given. Dancing may be enjoyed from 9 to 12.
University registration this semester is considerably less than that of last term according to figures* recently rel^sed bjr F. C. Hoekema, assistant to the president. Total number of students is 6,700. Undergraduate students make up 6,344 of these. Last semester’s total was
7,121.
Mechanicals again lead the list of EIngineers with a total of 1149. The enrollment of the rest of the 196; Metalurgical 64. The total EnElectrical 443; Chemical 321; Civil Engineering schools are as follows: gineers are 3,368 of which 1,096 are Freshman Engineers. The Agriculture school has 847 of which 111 are Foresters. The Science school has 886, Home Ec. 779, Pharmacy 174, Physical Education, 141, Public Service 73, Trade and Industrial 49, and Engineering Law 20. Of the 6,700 students, 5,472 are men and 1,228 are women. WSGA, YWCA List Candidates' Names For Top Positions Candidates for top ranking positions in WSGA and YWCA were announced yesterday by officers of the two organizations. Names to appear on the WSGA ballot are Jane Black, Joyce Burnham, Paula Zwierlein, president; Mary Jean Hutchinson, Agnes McCulloch, secretary; June Close, Mary Ann Carpenter, junior representative; Florence Croll, Helen Schickler, sophomore representative. YWCA nominees are Ruth Bryant, Thelma Burher, president; Jane Juhn, Jane Blind, treasurer; Kathryn Lang, Bonnie Swope, secre-
tary.
Both organizations will hold their elections in the Great Hall of the Union between 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. on Wednesday, March 20. All women students identified by their passports will be eligible to vote for WSGA officers, but only registered members of YWCA will be allowed to cast a ballot. Business Conference Will Bring Druggists To Campus March 12 Commencing March 12 for a twoday run. University School of Pharmacy will sponsor the Tenth Annual Druggists’ Business Conference. Registration will continue throughout the session. All sessions will be held in the Union, featuring such out-of-town speakers as: J. B. Wade, President, Indiana Pharmaceutical Association, E. A. O’Harrow, Secretary, Indiana Board of Pharmacy, H. V. Darnell, Secretary, Indiana Pharmaceutical Association, Dr. V. K. Harvew Secretary, Indiana Board of Hemth, and others of note. ^ Highlighting the program will be the Conference Dinner in the Union, Tuesday evening, March 12. The committee in charge is recommending that reservations be made in advance for this affair. Tickets may be purchased at the registration desk for one dollar per plate. Special Ladies’ Program Special plans are being made for ladies who attend. At noon on the first day of the conference, they will meet at Ladies Luncheon in the Union. Their program will be announced at this luncheon. Kappa Psi, pharmacy honorary, will hold their luncheon at noon, Wednesday, March 13. Last session of the conference, “A Pharmacist’s Library/’ by Prof. C. O. Lee, University pharmacy staff, is scheduled for 3:30, Wednesday afternoon.
Hanley Speakeis Neel Next Week In Preliminaries Preliminaries for the Hanley Speech contest will be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 13, in room 301 of Univeraity Hall. AJI engineers are eligible to enter Hie contest, instead of the sophomore, junior and senior limitations of previous years. Freshmen were formerly excluded. Finals vrill be held in Fowler Hall on Thursday, March
21.
William Hanley, ME ’ll, supervising engineer of Eli lilly Co. in Indiahapolis, sponsors the yearly contest with the purpose of giving further training in public speaking and practical business economics to engineers. Any subject may be used by the participants, providing it is approached from an economic standpoint. Cash Awards Judges for the final rounds will include two representatives &om the speech department, one from an engineering school, and one from the economics department. Practicability and common sense in business will be two of the major points considered in judging. Cash awards of $36 for first place, $25 for second, $16 for third, $10 for fourth, and $6 for fifth and sixth place will be given. » A All engineers wishing to enter the contest, should see R. M. Horn of the speech department in room 108 of University Hall. Tau Beta Symposium Hears Professors Talk On Grad Study “The man who is planning upon entering the fields of research, teaching, or design must have an advanced degree, preferably a doctorate.” This was the gene^ opinion of all of the speakers at the ssrmposium on graduate engineering study which was sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary, last night. However, according to Dr. G. A. Hawkins, “there is no particular advantage in possessing advanced degrees if one is employed in the production, commercial, or executive fields.” W. K. Creson, chief engineer, Ross Gear Cb., advised the men to finish their educations while on a job, unless they are in education, research, or design. The speakers also recommended the seniors not to study to get more money, but more happiness; not to attempt graduate work unless they had a five point average, at least; and not to think that they can sell their textbooks and quit studying when they graduate, even thoogli thfiiy ^ not continue their education fonnally. The speakers were: Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the school of engineering; Professors J. E. Walters, Personnel; Bray, ChE; Hawkins, ME; Rutledge, C£; Ewing, EE; and W. K. Creson, A. J. McAllister, president, Fairfield Gear Co.; and W. E. English, superintendent of motive power, Monon Railroad. Ward Lambert ... Boilermaker basketball coach, recently received an invitation to speak before the National Basketball Coaches Association at their annual meeting which will ba held this year at Kansas City on Hie subject of “The Fast Break in Basketball.” Prof. Harry Reed ... dean of the school cff agriculture, will address the vocational agricultural teachers this eveidni; at 7:30 in room 355 of the Union, DMtn Reed wUl discuss new aj^BcaHosa for vocational ag tearinus and bow they may be of benHIt to the farmer. This talk will be gtvm before the Agricultural Education Society,"’K \V ‘ -’
5-v\)t ■> I 1 ", iW ''i ^ •<
* „ 'V' } at'vjIsV'f .V.-?' V ' ''^Vt- ^'■- A'f'''
<^1^' ’ >/ l? 'r ^{5^S 2’ rr ^ - V 4'^'^ V‘ ’ ' / ' . ., , i ^ r i ) H) ^ K ■', ' , , t’ L'2'I f
PDRjDVE EXPONENT
Thundoy. March 7, 1940 • ,|,
BCW.
But
Got up this morning’ and couldn’t find any excuse to stay away from class, so we went to class ... a very dull day. If only someone could invent some excuseable excuses to cut classes every day, college life would become more interesting. —?&B— Feeling homesidc yesterday afternoon we spent onr time in ye old Sweet Shop. The Ka^^as were there in full fflorce. Freqnentiy we have heard of the Kappas giving someone the air, but yesterday was the first time we have seen them take the air. Ann Beard, Kappa pledge, seemed to ns a little nervous while talking over the air daring Hank Miller’s **Joe” Hour. Conld it be that the actives present bothered yon, Ann? Sorority week is still two days vS. —B & B— OUR DAILY REMINDER: Dear Freshmen, your days of country club is almost over. Some nasty Seniors were in today and said that Fraternity Week is not far off. —B&B— ADWICE TO STOOGENTS God gave us two ends, one to sit on and the other to think with. A man’s success depends on which he uses most. It’s just a plain case of “heads you win, tails you lose.” . . . —B & B— AFTERMATH OF ILLINOSIS GAME or CANNED BEEF There were three students from Old Purdue (nine rahs and a whistle, unquote) that went to Champaign to witness the basketball game, or did they? These lads were namely, Lou Brock, Ted Hennis and Felix Mackiewicz. We won’t swetir to the fact that they did see the game, but that is beside the point. The pertinent point is that they did celebrate the victory. About two a. m. they noticed that things were getting quite dull so they thumb^ a ride back to Lafayette ... in a rumble seat. —B & B— This might seem to be a trivial matter to you, but to one acquainted with these lads, it is a miracle how they all got in one rumble seat. Starvation overtook them on their return trip so a stop in Attica was imperative. Upon entering a cafe (that’s French for hash house) Mr. Brock fumbled in his pocket and brought forth a can of sardines and calmly asked the waiter for two slices of bread and one can opener. (The can opener could have been used to remove their persons from the car, too.) MORAL: Cokes may be had in the Sweet Shop for a nitchel. —B & B— Captain (to sorry looking individual):. “I say, old chap, you must have a weak stomach.” S. L, I.c “Whaddya mean, weak stomach? I’m throwing it just as far as anybody, ain’t I ? —B & B— That’s just the way we feel to•day- No CONTRIBS, no MARS PASSES. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . announces the initiation of Has^U M. Metz, Washington, D. C., and Stanley Abrahams, South Bend. i
inddentally-
By Vladimir ' We’d like to tom back history a bit today atul reo^rect that Exponent of some weeks baok. It was jpst a small item in one of the columns, but the lines got a bit mixed up. They -sfere supposed to spy, “Bonny Bums is known for many thihgs . . . for hiS eternally dirty blue corduroy shirts ... for his “qpeen-getting” ability ... for his unending sense of humor.” ( But they came out, “Benny Bums is ki^own for many blue corduroy shirts .'. . tot his things . . . for his eternally dirty “queen-getting” ability . . . for his Unending sense of humor.” ^ (See the Exponent for February 28.) "
Do we detect the fine hand of Heelus, God of Candor, in this bewildering typographical accident? * * * Well, there’s one reason to be glad for the enormous puddles that flooded the campus for the last few weeks. If they did nothing else, they at least conditioned us for walking through the Union halls when the floors are being mopped. And is practically nil the time. * v * During the Saturday of the Indiana basketball game, however, the boys vtith the mops were all right. They waited until there were about four couples in the West Lounga letter knowa as the “Hp-ing and felhe*ing room,” then they upset their pails of suds and started seyubhing. Thd lupnge Was cut ofii frem the passing ctpWd for about three-quarters of an hour. * * * Pardon us now. We’re going down to check on that couch that Serge—and you’ll notice he didn’t say who else!—^found in‘a dark room. We’re gmng e^rly to avoid the rush.
Co-eds Only
Notices
By Rnto Rose
No nottcM will |w accepted after 8 p. m.
YWCA: Elections aw approaching. (Aeok
Peel like a hangover ? Need pepping up ?. Brighten up that skirt, be it long OT short with a luscious sheer blouse. Get them in •White, pale pink, pale blue or any 'ipf the other pastels. They can be had in batiste, organdie, chiffon and other sheers. These new blouses will do things to you and the current young man. —c-o— Let’s add to those blouses with some new light skirts, pinks, blues, grays, tans, in flannels, tweeds, basketweaves and what have you. Pockets are a big feature this spring. . . . Now is the time to buy that much needed new pair of saddles. —c-o— It looks like a gray spring or is it to be navy? Stick around and find out which color will win out. Of course, gray is combined with red or navy while navy plays host to a bevy of colors including pink, light blue, the ever popular white and many others. Rayon jerseys are taking the fashion world by storm. —c-o— The bare midriff is startingly new for evening. Plain skirts are being combined with striped, dotted, or a contrasting color top. It takes a good figure, and a girl with enough initiative to start a new fad. Who will be the first to bring that fashion on campus? Comes spring, comes rain. Rubber boots in many fascinating colors have been seen on some of the first-of-a-fad co-eds. If the rains continue boots will be the order of the day for all the co-eds. Watch for them! —c-o— Eds take care — Here is some of the dope on the latest fashions for men. Tweeds! Light and bright plaids, herringbone, and plain nubby, blues, greens, browns, and grays with matching plain slacks. Sport shirts are being shown and worn more and more by the typical joe. They come in all the colors that match the sport jackets, and their open collars adapt themselves to any of the sport jackets. '‘It’s rumored that the latest styled suits will be the longer fitted model with a three button front. /-M Ping Pong All those signed up in the Allcampus Table Tennis Toturney must play their first match today or forfeit according to a notice issued by Larry Imhoff.
up M oiiice any aiierpoon zrum * m o o'elodc to aee if yon Mve your dace p*M in fall and arc eUgible to vote. Deadline is raday, Klareh 8 at 6 p. m. —BWAKHIY. Glider Clnb: Open meeting Thnieday, Mard> 7, at p. m. in room 804 ei the Union. —HOilJSR. Fraternity Presidents’ ConaUl: Kegular meeting Thursday, March 7 at 6 p. m. in the Fhi Kappa Pei house. —CATTBKAIX, Thirty-Three Clnb: No meeting this week. Positively will be a meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 7:80 p. m., in room 807 (old room O) of the Union. This room haa been reserved for each Tuesday the rest of -the semester. —HECKMAN.
A I Ch B Members: Dinner meeting originally planned for March has been postponed until April because of inspection trip. Highnrg has consented to speak to us in April, and banquet will be held then. Watch for further announcements. (3-9) MEYERS. G. E. 11, 12: An examination for removal of "C" and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 p. m. in room 210, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 9. —ARISING.
CE C Conditions: Examination will be held in room id} of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 301 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28. —MESSERSMITH. C. E. 41: An examination for Ihe removal of "C” grades will be held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March’18. —GREVE. M. E. 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E. 61 will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room,801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 23 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
Camera Clnb: No meeting this week, but get plenty of prints in that exhibit by Friday, March 8. Turn them in at the Student Union office. —GEPHART.
Newman Club: There will be an organization meeting Thursday, March 7, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the Union of all those interested in Discussion Group. —GARTY. POMM Pledges: Formal pledging Monday, March 11, at 6 p. m., in the armory. Bring one dollar for pledge fee. All active members should be present. Wear formal uniform. —HURST.
We Think It Good Business To Give You More For Your Money It costs Crown more to clean clothes because they use the Monite Moth Proofing Process. But it has proved a good investment—^more people depend on Crown Cleaning since we instituted this additional clothes protection. — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — Crowh Laundry m M E. C t E A'W ERS OF FINE CtOTMES
Examinations for condition removals in History, Eeonomics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 80^, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office not later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY. Typists: All those people interested in working for the Student ^imte, doing typing for students, meet in room 860 at 4 p. m., Thursday, March 14. —RUSTY. Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday. March 7, at 7 :S0 p. m. room 806 of the Union. All members are urged to attend. —NEPTUNE.
WAA: Second rohnd 'of the ping-pong ' and shuffle board tournament must be played off by Friday, March 8. Schedules are posted in the gym. —HOLDEN.
University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven last Words’’ are scheduled as follows: Sunday afternoon, March 10, at 2:80. Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. Thursday night, March 14, at 7:16. 1 \ Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2:00. Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. There will be no rehearsal on Thursday night, March 7.
—RAGANS. Engineering Freshmen: This semester’s seating assignments of engineering lectures in Eliza Fowler Hall are posted in the main hallway in Michael Golden Shops and will not be posted in any other place. The engineering lecture this coming Saturday, March 9, will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAPP.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting 4:80 p. m. Friday, March 8, in room 804 of Union. Short program and free cokes. —SHICKEL.
Agricultural Education Society: There will be a meeting Thursday night, Maoxh 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 836 of the Union building. All Ag students are invited. —LIEUKANCE.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR sale:—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New port^le machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT Rosa—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Zouaves; Meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. in the armory to discuss the University of Kentucky trip. It is imperative for all members to be present. —HURST. WAA Basketball: Class practice Thursday, March 7, at 4 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. —BRITTON.
Purdue Agriculturist: Special meeting of all staff members and any other students in the School of Agriculture who wish to apply for a position on the staff for next year Thursday, March 7, at 4 p. m. in the Agriculturist office. Application forms will be distributed at the meeting, —BURBRENK.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, March 7, at 7:80 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —BURBRINK.
4-H Club Party: Meeting of all committee members Thursday, March 7, at 4:16 p. m. in the 4-H Cl\}b office. —DELACROIX.
blAlll
Starts TODAY D O UBLE FEATUR E NEWEST EXPLOITS OF CRIME EXPERT.. Now it’s..
*4.Saiiits DOUBLE TROUBLE wffh GEORGE
RKO RADIO Weture
SANDERS and Helene Whitney fonathan Hale Bela LukqsI Donald MacBride lohn F. Hamilton Dashing Debonair but., DEADLY/ ■PLUS—
—Gtming— SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON
Col. Beere Addresses Cadeis At Luncheon “It is, a well known fact that a small^i^ell trained, well equipped army wopld have aided in keeping ua fiui: of past wars,” stated Cq). Beere while addressing thq first meeting of the year of the Cadet Officers’ Luncheon on “Adequate Military Preparedness.” Foliowing a program <4 en^iqrtainment, supplied by a mock-"Ger-man” band, ^res^e^ in native Bqvarion costumes, Colonel Beere made the Cary Club History award to Cadet Captaip A. V. Pusteilo. "Piiq award, which is made annually in the form of a loving cup, is presented to the man having the .highest average in the study of military history. WANTED Wanted—Students to act as substitute carriers of the Exponent. Steady job is possible. Coll Ray Hall. 8904 between 6:80 and Round Trip to New York or vicinity during spring vacation. Will leave Lsffayette at noon Saturday, March 23. Be back on Sundw, Match 81. If interested call 8477. Ask for “Bub.”
, Purdue Expunenf R. E, Insler. .—......JMftov-ln'Cliicf W. & Bnslnen* Uanager D. O. Tarrio. JMitorialJlihwBtor G. W. Frederick.——.—.-ManAgUng Editor E, M. Atttonini....8enior Advertis^ G. SehlUing— R. JsnUiu _Sp«Hrte Editor Phouee: EditoriaL <80®; Busineai, W88; Dporta, 2798 PnUlshed daily except Monday daring toe academic yeal'. Bnt«^ w aeeoBd daw nulland at speelall bate of jpoOtaC* liovtied tor in Section 1108, Act of Oetober 8. 1917, anth^rj^ SO. IML ■amaMNiOo roa matiomaL AOvenTWiMO av RaliiMaUMMr^$eince,liie. 4ao MadwOn AVK. NbW VtoiK. N. Y. CWBAeo • BMToa > Los AMsin • Baa ntsoeisee All nnsbnifd editorials sro written by tbo Editorial Director. ^ Ddhrcred by carrier, M per Madomie year: by malL 88,60. Bnstnoa dnee l6«kM at 818 N. Eifto Streri; riUtartel otUtoeTwoB Boilding: sports o»eo, ndd dda Univenity. All opli^nd in (1^ pnlaM otherwise aeoredited, are stadent opinions, and do not necessarily coincide wHb toe offiefal University vievnioint.
Night Editor - — DeHoog Day Editor Mtfpson Ass’t. Night Editor ... Fletcher Thursday, March 7, 1940
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— WITH — MARY CARLISLE — AND —
A COWBOY THUNDERBOLT
her YlOiitM wiFwm —- ^
A UONOSHAM PICTUaC I
— ALSO —
RIDCW
LUMA . TODAY. FRI.-SAT. —■
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
PLUS-^ND FEATURE
—wirit'—‘ Hoosier Hot Shots
A NEW FANTWTIC SENSATjON WELLS mM/s
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
— 2 DAYS ONLY-TODAY-FRIDAY
MABS
TODAY-FRIDAY-SATORDAI
v^/ /
nnursday'. March 7, 1940
^xpmmjnL ^fafdLbu fijo^
<Squa$h Team Faces Detroit "Y," Michigan On Week-End Jaunt
Purdue's rambling squash ■will travel to Michigan this weeken4 for games -with the Detroit YMCA and the University of Michigan. The Riveters Will play the Y team at Detroit on Friday evening
Dancing Wessons wqre A regular part of the University of Virginia cu^ripulqm as early as 188p. and "Will go to Ann Arbor for a game "with Michigan, Saturday afternoon. The men who will make, the trip are H. E; Eberhardt, R. Mi. Morley, E. E. Blessing, Jim Mann, and R. P. Munroe. Since both teams are in the same class as the Boilermakers, two interesting and hard fought meets are expected.
Daily Doubles
\
Skirt Blouse Classic Blouses $1.95 to $7.95
Sweaters $2.50 to $10
Skirts $3.95 to $12.95 • /
MEZZANINE SHOP
Frpsh Track Stars Extend Win Streak; Best Michigan, Iowa Boilermaker frosh track men continued their brilliant performances by topping the Michigan first year men 94 to 81 and the Iowa frosh 57 1-3 to 41 2-3 in their second and third postal track ipeets of the year. Under the capable^ coaching of ' Wilkening and Allen, freshman coaches, the frosh are expected to continue their -winning streak by defeating Wisconsin this week. Menchofer, flashy Purdue dashman, has been turning in excellent, times in the 60 yard dash, running it in 6.3 in all three meets. McIntyre is close on his heels ■with 6.4 in all^three meets. In the 880 yard dash Jentsch and Kpmp haye l)een battling it out for first place with times of 1:50.6 and 1:59.8 respectively. , Farnsworth topped his teammates in the 440 yard dasn, turning in times of 52.2 and 52.3, with Arnold close on his heels -with 52.3 in his last two meets. Other optstanding performances by the frosh are Grimes in the pole vaiilt, 11 ft.; King in the shot put, 40 ft. 2 in.; McEachem, high jump, 5 ft. 10 in.;
Military Basketball Finals Begin Today Finals in the military basketball tournament will start tonight at 7 p. m. Eight teams have come through the playoffs undefeated and these together with the squads who have lost only one game -will -vie for final honors this evening. The schedule follows: j Court One 7:00-8-1 vs C-2 7:15—A-4 vs B-4 Court TWo 7:00—D-2 vs F-2 Court Three 7:00—H-3 vs S-4 Other teams which> won their third victories last night will also play tonight.
Hartup, JIjrpad jump, 20 ft. 10 in., and Dodge 20 ft. 9 in.; and Flickinger, 60^ard low hurdles, 6.9, and 65 yard low hurdles, 7.6. These frosh have been turning in some very good times and if they keep^up the good work should furnish Purdue with some excellent varsity material in the near future. Michigan was the only team to defeat the freshman team last year, turning the trick, but the picture has been reversed this season.
cb
Parents deserve the best you can give them. The Union Club offers over-night facilities that bring parents close to the exciting events of Campus Life, and also .the peace and comfort so Important to tired way-farers. Come and inspect our rooms and suites before selecting one. They are both reasonable and exclusive. JhsL . fiWtduSL WsmzPdaL lAniofL The Comer of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
AT DEAC’S ALL VICTOR — BRUNSWICK BLUEBIRD RECORDS lOc - 15c - 19c YOUR CHOICE
Students: Now is the time to purchase mn SPRING SUITS As Low As $30.00 Buy early and get the choice of our handsome spring colors, patterns and styles. MERCHANT TAttOR sparrendahl
Phone 6030
Fowler Hotel
STYLING AUTMENnCATED BY HARRY AISTOOf CmtaM •ootaol.r
'TOUR FEET ARE WORTH FORTUNES!" B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fovuth St
Big Ten Wrestling Teams Assemble Here Tomorrow Nearly 120 mat stars representing the ten schools in the Western Conference will invade the Fieldhouse tomorrow morning to weigh in for the Big Ten Wrestling Championships. With only a pair of defending titleholders back, no less than six new individual champions will be crowned as peers of Big Ten wrestling before the grapplers adjourn Saturday evenings Indiana, last year's defending
champions, will rule as pre-toumey favorites although the Hoosiers are expected to encounter rough seas stirred up by Minnesota, IlBnoia, Michigan, and Purdue ere they retain the conference -wrestling crown. The Gophers, Rlini, and the Wolverinek figured prominently in last year's championship meet at Chicago, and are expected to provide the strongest con||petitiopi in ^tomorrow's meet. All Big Ten schools, ■with the exception of Wisconsin, have full teams entered in the meet. Dark Horses Threaten According to X!oach Reeck, this year’s tourney “should be one of the toughest/meets in a good many years,” -with several dark horses looming in each weight class. Officiating responsibilities will fall on the shoulders of two of the nation’s outstanding collegiate -wrestling referees, J. .G. Kallas of Illinois, and Coach Parker, coach of the Cornell College (Iowa) -wrestling team. James Kallas of Illinois has been a Big Ten wrestling mediator for several years, while Barker is one of the outstanding small college coaches in the midwest, having placed at least one man on each Olympic team since 1920. Probably thp leading contender in the meet will be Minnesota’s captain, Dale Hansen, who -will be defending his 128 pound title. Hansen ^was last year named the outstanding collegiate wrestler of the nation and has never lost a start in three years of dual competition. The other defending champion in the meet will be Indiana’s McDaniel, who led the Hoosiers to their
1939 victory by copping the 165 pound event. John Sikich of Illinois, runner-up' last year in the National Collegiate meet, -will be one of the favorites in the heavyweight division, -with Big A1 Rossi, Boilermaker heavy, Sales of tickets for the Western Conference Wrestling Championships tomorrow and Saturday will he under Uie direction of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs. Tickets will go on sale today,* rated as a dark horse in' the event. Another Hlini star, who aiso copped a second in the 1939 collegiate meet, -will be Paul Petry^. Petry -will be pitted against McDaniel in the 128 pound class. « Ohio Star Favored oBio State’s Montanaro, who already holds a victory over Didiana’s 145 pounder Roman, is rated as one of the most serious contenders for the 146 pound crown, while Wilson of Indiana and Emmons of Illinois are rated co-favorites in the 136 pound bouts. Minnesota’s favorite, Janesko is expected to encounter trouble from Seabrook of Illinois and Willey, captain of the Boilermaker contingent in the 155 pound diyision. Inman of Michigan stands above all others in the 175 poxmd di-vision. The conference stars will assemble in the fieldhouse tomorro-w morning to be weighed in. The preliminary bouts and the semi-finals will be held in the afternoon and night -with the finals to be decided Saturday afternoon.
SENIORS Buy Your Personnel Data Sheets Now $8.85 Per Hundred UNION BUILDING —ROOM 356 PURDUE ACTIVITIES BUREAU
this v/eeh only WWOUT CHW6E
PS cHWlt**”"'
HltZ
^ ''"a
j- vAuoWy b'enaedlocepo'
blend . - • yn os » 'L qnd ^ — an• : . *
POBDOE EXPONEirT
Thursday, March 7/ 1940
Xf
Breaking Precedents
... is one of the most widely neglected occupations around the campus. Not that there is anything particularly wrong with keeping a precedent, provided it is a good one and still serves a useful purpose. To keep a precedent and stay ip a rut is one of the easiest things to do. To know when a precedent should be broken and to effectively break it will keep any organization out in front of the crowd. For years the various campus honoraries have chosen their pledges from a select group of campus activities without any heed to the activity’s usefulness, progressiveness, or relative standing among other activities. We refer to Giniletj Reamer, Gold Pepper, and Skull and Crescent. Even before the honorary meets to select its new members, the old members have in mind a fair idea of who will be chosen to succeed them. This method of selection, favoring the same activities year after year, is all right providing no young organization worthy of recognition is being omitted from the eligibility lists. We have in mind one activity in particular which has made great strides within the last few years to serve the student, body in every way possible and has developed into a semi-major activity. But has any honorary considered students working in this activity for their membership ? No. We refer to WBAA which at the present time boasts a list of at lea!st 50 student participants. They work all hours of the day and night. They cover sports events both in Lafayette and on the road. We fail to see how the hfenoraries that call-themselves representative of all top-notch campus activities can continue to overlook WBAA. Certainly the honoraries that call themselves “athletic boosters” will look a long time before they find anyone in a more advantageous position to boost Purdue athletics than a: radio announcer who covers the sports events. Of course these honoraries wfll come back and say that it isn’t precedent so much that is limiting their membership at the present time, as it is that there is no easy way to narrow the list of eligibilities from the favored activities. This is a matter for the honoraries to decide. Would they rather h£(,ve a large number of persons from a few select activities or a few from a larger, more representative, list of activities? We think that the above mentioned honoraries could do a lot toward keeping their organizations lively and active if they would spread out their favors a bit. What do you think 7-R.E.I.
Right OR Wrong?
A 2-minute test for telephone users
L It’s imposeiblefor yon to telephone to people in two different citira at the same time. RIGHTO WRONG a
2. Police Radio Telephone made by WestemElectricisanoutgrowthofre■earchatBellTelephoneLaboratories. RIGHTO WRONG □
8. About 75% of die Bell S]rBtem*8 85 million miles of telephone wire is contained in cable.
RIGHT O WRONG □
4. Lowest telephone rates to most out-of-town points are available every night after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday. RIGHTO WRONGS
Current Camera Club KatherineGarten
Closes Friday At 5
. , . well-known book reviewer, will entertain members of the Tri Kappa sorority with ei reading from “Queen Anne Boleyne” tonight at 8 o’clock in the nortk ballroom of the Union.
Union Will Sponsor Discussion By EllirM
Photographs entered in the Camera Club contest will be judged tomorrow night and will be exhibited in the Music Room of the Union starting Saturday. The contest is open to all students. and townspeople. Contestants are requested to have their entries in the Student Union office by 5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon.
Pi Kappa Phi
President Elliott will address a discussion meeting sponsored by the Student tinion on Tuesday, March 12, at 7:30 in room 363. His sub-
... social fraternity announces the pledging of William E. Beal, Normal, 111.; Robert E._ Honer, South Bend; George Yurkanan, Whiting, William L. Swager, Fort Wayne, and Norman Beantan, Mun-
ject, “Long Reading for Long
Thinking,” will be the theme. The Browsing Room Committee is in charge of the program, as the meeting is for the purpose of becoming acquainted with the benefiits of the Browsing Room. After President Hlliott speaks, there will be an opportunity for members of the group to ask questions. Everyone is invited.
if
An entry fee of 25 cents will be charged students who are not in the Camera Club and a fee of 60 cents will be charged townspeople. This money is to go for prizes, four of which will be awarded to Camera Club members. The remaining four
prizes will be given to other entrants. The photographs will be classed under four groups; portrait, landscape, still life, and miscellaneous. Judges for the contest have not yet been chosen.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
School Suppli^
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
J’rofessional
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette . Phone 4965
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Rest. Supplies
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA
GILLESPIE'S 221 Vz Col. St.^ Phone 6405
Sport Coats and Slacks
The ideal college outfit for spring. Choice . of sport coats in beautiful twe|eds and herringbones. And, to go with the'm-^match-ing and contrasting slacks. This is on outfit that will make you feel at home and ease on the campus.
SLACKS $3.95 to $6.50 and up
Sport Coots $10.00 ip $15.00
and up
416 Main St.
■
HERE • IN OUR STORE 'THE SENSATIONAL NEW ROYAL • HRST AND ONLY IKMITABLE WITH AlAGfC MARGIN
You'll ecacoeiy believe your ^es-^wheo you see this New KoyuL Portable. Or your fingen —when you try id So simple to nsel'So Eud So soio^ in operadoid At Lut^ persontl typing becomes a thrilling reality—for yioo— for evetyooel Drop in now! See this New Royal coQ^lete with MAGIC Margin, and many ocher cadnsive Royal MAmC Bauntcai
ffiRFS MAGIC
0b so acm tfaolbwtasao*
T%eaeHf.
POKmBiE
■■HIT*. Btg. D. S. Pat. Of.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
iN N0
★ No shoe.. . no matter how smart the style...is truly youthful and flattering unless it clings comfortably to your foot. That’s why we’re so enthusiastic about NEW Vitality thisspring. Styles are undeniably ingenious... in Eishion's loveliest trends. Best of all, Vitality shoes are close clihging and comfortable. Add to that an unusually complete variety of styles in the season’s most bewitching colors,, leathery, and materials.
A FEW STYLES $goo Complete range of widths and sizes
AS ADVERTISED IN LEADING MAGAZINES
mAmiOPmROADSHOBS,firOslda>raiu/CasipfisWtar,$iasJ*i.iO
3baabiL. $hosL StdotL