%
'1.
'1.
SThe Purdue Ifxpnnextt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLvm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1937
NUMBER 72
P.M. Dept. Gets $3,000 Gift Of Equipment
Linde Air Products Co. Donates Welding Tools And Equipment The Linde Air Products Company of Cleveland has donated welding equipment valued between $3,000 and ^3,600 to the department of practical mechanics, according to a statement made by Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department. The" equipment includes Oxweld blowpipes, cutting blowpipes, oxygen regulators, acetylene regulators, and hose for all of the equipment. The gift will not only be used for instructional purposes but also for welding short courses.
Union Sophs Issue Bowling Challenge Exponent And Debris To Complete 3-Way League
Sophomores working in the Student Union are forming a team and wish to bowl sophomores in other activities. Before the Christmas recess they formulated a tentative scheme for a league and will start practice soon. Teams formed of the sophomores working on Debris and Exponent will be the other two teams of this proposed three-way league.
Pi Kappa Phi
Pi Kappa Phi fraternity announces the election of the following officers: B. A. McCandless, president; R. J. Seybold, treasurer; C. L. Sadler, secretary; F. W. Winter, historian; C. E. Hofmann, chaplain; G. P. Humfeld, warden; L. E. Armstrong, bookkeeper.
January 7,1937 FIVE dollars will be the maximum campaign expenditure allowed candidates for student offices as a result of a unanimous vote of the Student Senate of Syracuse University recently. The local Farleys and J. D. M. Hamiltons were formerly allowed campaign chests of ten dollars . . . how much do you suppose our Senate will want to keep books on? —SOSEEN in a Michigan newspaper . . . “If politics were debunked, as A1 Smith suggests, the residue would be the same as that which would be left if water were dehydrated.” —SOUSING a mechanical release. Dr. B. M. Wood of the University of California, was able to hit a designated hole on a pinball machine 28 times out of 865 attempts . . . once every 38 shots. When releasing the trigger by hand, he scored only 14 times out of the same number of shots. “You can’t win,” he exclaims . . but that won’t stop us if we have a nickel. ^ —30— CAN you give the exact date that marked the beginning of the century? Be careful now ... it isn’t as easy as it sounds. Answer tomorrow. *-—30-*“ EDGAR McVickers, a freshman at Oklahoma A. & M., is that state’s youngest legislator. Winning the Democratic nomination to a seat in the house of representatives, the 21 year ol^ student won the election ... he had no opposition. J —30 CRIMINOLOGY students at Syracuse University have discovered that morons can dance as well if not better, than most people of normal mentality. They are gifted with an abnormally developed sense of rhythm, students declare .. ^ and by the way ... do you dance ?
Student Health Service Takes On Artistic
Air With Novel Pictures And Carvings
By Sally McKee
Unless you are too sick to raise your head the next time you go in to see Dr. Miller or a member of his staff, glance up and notice the carved cartouches above the doorway at the south entrance of the new Student Service and Administration Building. Or if your first visit to the new building is to call on Dr. Walters or Dr. O’Shea, they too have pictures over their doorways to the north. Dr. Miller’s Doorway A sickle, three wheat stalks, a corn shock, and a plow in the earth attract one’s attention in the foreground of the cartouche over Dr. Miller’s left door with three—shall we say—apple trees in the background. Streamlined—a car, a plane, a
Zephsrr train, behind a huge surveyor’s transit, a cog wheel, and a flash of lightning! Yes, engineers, y6ur school is symbolized over Dr. Miller’s exit.
Home Ec Symbols Horrors! The Home Economics school is identified by a spinning wheel, a palet, and a fireplace with a fire, a crane and fireplace kettle on the mantel piece, a pitcher and a plate—grandmother’s utensils. Thus is the left hand portal of the personnel department ornamented. A glance at the Science cartouche —^next door—^will remind you of Algebra by the various mathematical characters portrayed there. A retort, a compass, and a microscope spell Science symbolically. A stack of books at the top might do for any school—they all employ books.
Wr^ht Named Business Head
FiUs Position On Independent Vacated By Day
Stanley Wright has been appointed business manager of the Purdue Independent, to succeed John Day, who will graduate at the end of this semester. Wright was formerly an advertising manager of the Independent, and is a Junior in the school of Public Service Engineering. T. B. Frame, formerly advertising assistant, was selected to take Wright’s place as advertising manager.
M. M. Kasilag, ’08 Grad, Directs Philippine PWA
Marcial M. Kasilag, Filipind graduate of Pul’due University in civil engineering in 1908, has been named permanent director of public works in the Philippine Islands, according to a letter received yesterday by President E. C. Elliott from Alfonse Tuason, head of the department of agriculture in the Philippines and also a 1908 graduate of Purdue in agriculture. Kasilag has been acting head of the department of Public Works of which he was assitant head for a number of years. A story announcing the appointment, and carrying a photograph of Kasilag stated that “his appointment was well received everywhere,” and commented on the outstanding record he had made in office.
Alpha Phi Omega
Alpha Phi Omega, National Boy Scout honorary, announces initiation of the following: T. A. Feucht, F. C. Baase, G. E. McCullough, I Gaston, P. T. Frangos, F. M. Crosby, C. S. Meier, F. L. Coers, J. S. Brown, P. Lauderbach, G. V. Kellner, R. H. Stover, R. M. Sasser, A. V. Gaulke, H. N. Behrends. Starting January 15, Alpha Phi Omega will sponsor a series of programs over WBAA on different phases of scouting.
Purdue Men Train
At Naval Air Base
E. L. Simpson, ’09, Reports 13 At Pensacola Station
Thirteen Purdue men are enrolled in the training group at the new Naval Air Station at Pensacola, Fla., according to a letter received by E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, from E. L. Simpson, ’09, E.E., general superintendent of the General Electric Company at Fort Wayne, who with Mrs. Simpson visited a son, E. L. Simpson, ’S4, M. E., who is in training there. Purdue Men
Other Purdue men in training or just graduated are Robert O. Bush man, Indianapolis, ’84 M. E., re cently assigned to the fleet at Oak land. Cal.; Miles G. Haines, of Beech Grove, ’84 M. E., commissioned in the Marine Corps; Ed ward W. Johnson, ’34 'M. E. of Fort Wayne, also in the Marine Corps; Dick Luchtman, ’34 M. E. from Hope, in training at Great Lakes; W. E. Resag, ’34 M. E., from Indianapolis; Frank M. Rudham, ’34 M. E., Indianapolis; Andrew C. Sheets, ’34 M. E., of Harrisburg, Pa.; Jack C. Durham, ’35 M. E., from Wilmette, 111.; W. G. Emmick, ex.-’35 M. E.; Edwin W. Burke, ’34 M. E.; George S. Young, ’33 M. E., of Huntertown; Perry Mansfield, ’34 M. E., Tonowanda, N. Y.
Boys Form New Co-op On Marstellar
Fifteen boys have organized a co-op house, under the auspices and friendship of the Wesley Foundation, and the other co-ops, at 204 Marstellar street. They started to serve meals last Monday night and all of the boys have moved in. The president of this co-op house is Earl Brewer; treasurer, G. E. Sears; house manager. Bill Bowman, with Sigurd Peterson as assistant; and kitchen manager, C. J. Lupear. Co-operative houses have grown in favor on the University campus and they now have 68 members.
Beeson Will
Talk At Ceres
Open Meeting
E. P. MiUer To Report On International Exposition Trip ''
K. E. Beeson, secretary of the Indiana Corn Growers Association and long a worker in all lines of agronomy as a member of the Agricultural Extension Department, will deliver the main address at an open meeting of Ceres, agronomy honorary organization, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. this evening. Inspection Tour E. P. Miller, senior in the agronomy option, is also to take part in the program. He will give a report on the inspection tour recently taken by members of the senior class in agronomy, including a visit to the International Livestock Exposition as well as points of agricultural interest in and about Chicago. Ceres is again sponsoring the Ceres Essay contest this year. Keys and trophies are offered in both the contest for freshmen and the contest for upperclassmen. Next Tuesday, January 12, is the closing date for entries in this contest.
Install New Core Oven
Replace 26 Year Old Furnace During Recess
The department of practical mechanics installed a modern core oven in the foundry during the Christmas vacation. The oven is of the pull-drawer type and is heated with coke. It is insulated with rock wool and has four drawers of different heights and each drawer is five feet long. Economical The new oven has many advantages over the old style oven which has been in use in the foundry for the past twenty-six years. The main advantage is that it is more economical to operate. Cores can be baked in it either day or night and can be removed without losing much heat. Also, it has a pyrometer that indicates the oven temperature as the cores are baking which is highly important in foundry operation.
Gold And Black Aces To
Play Saturday’s Mixer
The Gold and Black Aces will furnish the rhythms foy the regular Saturday night mixer in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The tickets will sell at the regular price of one dollar per couple. Jack Rubin is the band’s ace trumpet playbr, and the vocals are sung by Ruth Grimm and Sal Palma.
Herzberg Will Speak Tonight
Sigma Pi Sigma Sponsors Lecture In Physics Building At 8
P 'urr Ti A . W. BayRton To Speak At Job Lectures
Letters Of AppReations Subject Of Next Employment Talk Jan. 14
Dr. Gerhard Herzberg, professor of physics at the University of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, will lecture tonight in the Physics Building lecture room on the subject of “Polyatomic Molecules” art 8 o’clock under the auspices of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary. He is noted for the resarches he has made in the field of band spectra and its application to the theory of molecules.
Lull Installs Honorary At Manchester College
Prof. P. E. Lull of the public speaking staff had charge recently of the installation of a new chapter of Tau Kappa Alpha, honorary fraternity in public speaking, at Manchester College at North Manchester. Lull spoke to the college assem-^ bly on “What Constitutes a Distinguished Speaker.” A message of congratulatibns on formation of the chapter was received from Governor Paul V. McNutt. Manchester for some years has been quite active in forensic activities.
University To Give Clerical Exams
Clerical workers and stenographers who wish to work for the University will take an examination which will be held Saturday. Registration for the examination closed Monday. The clerical examination starts at 10 o’clock in the morning in the Education Building and the stenographic examination will be held at the Lafayette Business College that afternoon.
Former Exponent Head Will Manage ‘‘Power”
Elmer J. Tangerman, a native of Hammond, a 1929 graduate of the mechanical engineering school, and editor of the Exponent during his senior year has been promoted from associate to managing editor of Power, monthly magazine of the McGraw-Hill Company of New York. Tangerman has been with the publication since graduation.
Pi Beta Phi Alumni Club Entertained
Members of the Pi Beta Phi Alumnae Club were entertained at the home of Mrs. Burr N. Prentice at a buffet supper on Tuesday evening. Mrs. R. W. Gregory, who is leaving soon for residence in the East, was presented with a handwoven scarf from the Pi Beta Phi settlement school. Mrs. C. M. Vestal and Mrs. R. W. Gregory assisted Mrs. Prentice as hostesses.
66
200 More Students Would Cause Serious Housing Shortage^’—Fisher
An increase of only 200 men students would overcrowd housing facilities here and force many students to find quarters in Lafayette, more than a mile from the Purdue University campus, said Martin L. Fisher, dean of men at Purdue, recently. The largest student body in the history of the Boilermaker school has caused considerable congestion this yepr. With the two men’s residence halls filled to their combined capacity^ of 271 men, Purdue authorities are speculating as to the desirability of adding another wing. WRH Addition Some of the crowding is expected to be relieved when the second Women’s Residence Hall is completed next year. Over a hundred girls will then occupy the new building, leaving several of the women’s rooming houses available for nonfraternity men. Until the present year, Dean Fisher has concentrated on improving rooming conditions in West Lafayette, but he stated that next fall
he would be forced to inspect more houses in Lafayette proper in order to take care of the expected increase.
Room Inspections In order to be placed upon the approved list issued each fall by Dean Fisher, rooming houses must have the proper equipment in each room and fire escapes must be provided in all houses with three or more stories. Franklin Levering Cary‘"Memorial Hall, the first men’s dormitory built on the Boilermaker campus, provides 155 students with room and board. North Cary Hall, the second wing of a proposed six-hall quadrangle, accommodates 116 men. Proposed Addition The addition of a third wmg to the two now in use has been seriously discussed for more than two years, and Purdue officials have stated that steps will probably be taken in the next year or two to secure funds for the proposed building.
With the organization of three more men’s cooperative houses recently, the total on this campus reached five. The Wesley Foundation, directed by Rev. W. A. McFadden, assisted in the founding of all five groups. Rev. McFadden, who is acting as the unofficial sponsor for the projects, said recently that the average cost of room and board combined is only 18 dollars per month. ^ New Cooperatives
The first cooperative was organized in the Wesley Foundation House a year and a half ago. This fall two more, one for men and one for women, were opened. Since the holidays, another cooperative for men has been opened under the direction of the Wesley Foundation at 204 Marstellar street. Student interest in the cooperative plan has increased immensely during the last year. Rev. McFadden stated, with many students seeking to enter the houses. A total of 68 men will be residing
in the five cooperatives when the new houses open, he*declared. Rooming Houses Approximately two-thirds of the 4,800 men attending Purdue are not affiliated with social fraternities. Some of these live with their parents in Lafayette and West Lafayette, but the majority-must live in rooming houses. A large number of fraternity men are also living outside the fraternity houses, some of which are filled to more than their capacity. Expected Shortages If the freshman class next fall approaches the record of over 2,300 set by the first-year class this fall, it seems likely that there will be an acute shortage of rooming houses next year. The graduating seniors next June will number well under a thousand, so that a Dreshman dass next fall of only 1,500 would make the increase surpass the figure quoted by Dean Fisher as the maximum additional number that West Lafayette could accommodate.
P. W. Boynton, employment manager for the Socony Vacuum (HI Company of New York, will give the next in the series of employment lectures next 'Thursday at 4 o’clock in the Education Building. He will speak on “How To Write Letters of Application.” Preceding the lecture, he will spend the day interviewing seniors in regard to employment. Syracuse Graduate Boynton, who is a Syracuse graduate, has worked for this company since graduation, having been in sales, industrial relations, and employment departments. In his New York oflSice alone they handle D*om 8,000 to 10,000 letters of application, and 12,000 to 18,000 interviews every year.
Applications For Air Corps School Now Available
Applications for service at the Army Air Corps School at Randolph Field, Texas, may be secured from the Adjutant of the Military Department. He will assist any student desiring to make application for work as a Flying Cadet, and is authorized to administer the required oath without charge. A limited supply of pamphlets which describe the work and give the entrance requirements are also available.
Silver Mask
The Silver Masks, honorary fencing club, announces the initiation of H. H. Lacey of Indianapolis and R. L. Matthews of South Bend.
Under Tfie Mirror
Book notes from the Browsintr Boom
THREE-WHEELING THROUGH AFRICA James G. Wilson
This is a gay and light-hearted account of a gruelling trip across Africa by motorcycle, taken by two men not long out of college. An unusual travel book on a strange undertaking, for these modern machines "traveled thirty-eight hundred miles of jungle foot paths, desert caravan trails and military roads, six hundred miles of which had never before been traversed by a wheeled vehicle. The story of this five months of such adventuring as few men would want to undertake is so entertainingly written that it is hard to put the book down for the reader wants to know “what happened next.” The characters as we see them through the magic of the author’s words are very real and furnish fun and pathos as well as an excellent picture of the country and folk in this trip across Middle Africa.
Wesley Foiindatioii Plans Skating Party
Members of the Wesley Foundation have completed arrangements for their first party of the year, a roller skating party to be held tomorrow evening at Maple Point. Buses wm leave the Foun^tion House at 6:30 and 7:30 p. m. The price,) vrhich includes transportation, skates, and refreshments is 25c each or 40c a couple^ Those in charge of the party request that all those attending sign up at the Foundation House as soon as possible.
Alpha Cbi Rho
Alpha Chi Rho fraterinty announces the pledging of the folloaring: R. A. Buckles, Louisville, Kentucky! and D. Chapp, dueago, HRuois.■t?' *'iiT yiC ^ ’ <
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thtttfsday, Jaimary 7» 198?
Frank And Wisconsin When the public trial of President Glenn Frank of the University of Wisconsin opened yesterday before the board of regents of that school, the battle that has been brewing for many months came pito the open. Is Governor Philip F. LaFollette of Wisconsin attempting to oust Frank for political reasons, or has the latter actually been a poor president for the University? That is what everyone would like to know. Liberal publications are outspoken in the condemnation of President Frank, who has been mentioned as a Republican, and therefore conservative, presidential candidate in 1940. The regents have compiled a list of reasons why Frank should be expelled, which consist, substantially, of the following serious charges: that he was not fit to handle seven million dollars a year; that he has lost the confidence of those with whom he must deal; that he has failed to act in controversial matters; that he has not spent enough time on university affairs; that his personal expenditures have been questionable; and that he does not give enough attention to detail within the university, likes graduate work better than undergraduate work, and older professors better than instructors. The intensive campaign, mostly underground, to oust Frank has done much to lead to the belief that politics was involved. The rise in educational status of Wisconsin under Frank has been cited as proof of his abilities, although charges have been plentiful' that the administration has not been as capable as it should have been. Student support of President Frank leads the public to believe that he must have done good work to receive such ardent backing. Since the LaFollette followers are in a majority on the board of regents, and since they comprise the group favoring Frank’s removal, Wisconsin will probably have a new president in the near future, regardless of what evidence is introduced at the public hearing.
Problems In Open Campaigning The evolution of equitable open campaigning on the University campus is going to demand a great amount of thinking, discussion, and work by the Student Senate, as members of that body observed Tuesday night. No less than half a dozen plans were rejected in a session of an hour and a half, and the scheme finally accepted was by no means satisfactory to all the senators. Wide open campaigning, with no restrictions on expenses nor on the kind and amount of advertising, was voted down by a 5 to 2 margin, because many of the senators felt that too much advantage would be given to students with money, whereas ability to fill the office should be emphasized rather than ability to buy publicity. The defenders of that proposal asserted that the amount of money spent would make little difference in the campaigns, but that it was imtiative and hard work that made the winner. The Senate recognized the fact that free publicity given the candidates by campus columnists and by organization publications could not be controlled. It also agreed that the expenses of organizing political machines and money spent in transporting voters to the polls could not be regulated. Band parades and rallies, which are provided for under the present system, were criticized favorably and unfavorably. Sen-
dPfje $uriiue exponent
FMUid«4 in 1881
t936 Member (Associated GDlledkite Distributore of Cblledia£0Di6est REPRESENTCD rOK NATIONAL AOVERTI8INO VT National Advertising Service, Inc CoU$tf PmbUsAnr* Beprettntatipe 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCIECO LOa ANOELES • FOKTLAND • SEATTLE
Ice. L
disna. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60
per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
BnEiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF
Editorwln4%M .W. T. Hunt Managing Hiditor J!. H. Morris Aaaocists Bdlton JL A. Barnette, J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L, Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E H. Kellogg, K. E. O'Neil, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
WOMRN1S STAFF
Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Eliabeth Pyke
Hetty Barnett
Editor Aasoeiate Editors Advertising Manager
„ . .. BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager. a. j, Hulse National Adverting Manager EE l^wn Xweal Advertising Manager...„ j). c. Cirei^tion liwiager. „,.„J, P, Girard
Editor
SPORTS STAFF
. L. D. Wood
Aaaociate Editors—W. Hl 'meid, K R.'Grigiths, B. F. Obenchaln
Issne Editor—W. M. Antbony
ator Reiley voiced the opinion that too few students would assemble at the rallies to assure making them successful, while other senators opined that political mass meetings would justify their institution by the creation of interest and enthusiasm.^ After deciding to set a limit on campaign expenses, the Senate could reach no agreement on a sum. Proposed ten-dollar and fivedollar limits were voted down successively. Senator Wirth pointed out that certain offices, e. g. those in the Senate, give no tangible remuneration whatever, while Junior Prom committee members receive complimentary tickets and other returns of sufficient value to warrant the spending of a certain amount of mon^ for election. Wirth’s suggestion that the Senate establish a limit on expenditures for each election in agreement with the material returns realized by the successful candidates will probably be the measure adopted finally. The Senate elections committee will estimate the expense of issuing posters for publicizing the candidates in the approaching freshman election for representatives to the Senate, and then charge each nominee a small petition fee, likely not more than two dollars, to cover this cost. Then for Prom elections each candidate will be required to pay this fee, and he may also be permitted to spend, through the Senate, a sum of perhaps ten dollars.—R. P. M.
Exemplary
To periodical readers the advent of 1937 will mark the termination of the long and active career of George Horace Lorimer as editor-in-chief of the Saturday Evening Post. Thirty-nine years ago Lorimer joined the Post staff as literary editor, leaving a position on a Boston newspaper to work for Cyrus H. K. Curtis, who had bought the weekly for its name alone. A year later Lorimer was named editor-in-chief and since that time he has directed the policies of that popular publication. At that time the weeklies were apparently losing out and the venture was considered rash. Time has proved that a man of his calibre can be successful in raising a magazine of that type to prominence. The outstanding significance of the conduct of the Post during the time of Lorimer’s editorship was the fair, calm tone of editorial policy, a good example for other publications. Although the American press is strong in its defense of the freedom of the press, this cry is often spoiled by the bitter and dogmatic tone of many of the editorials found on the pages of current peridicals. Among these, none were Lorimer’s. If he disagreed with a social or political trend or law, his criticism was bom of knowledge of the situation, and bred on thorough consideration of the issues involved.—J. A. C.
In My Opinion . BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsihiltty for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
An Observation With the no-smoking 'drive experiencing what seems to be a temporary let-down, several students may be seen each fair day wandering around the campus with cigarettes hanging from their lips. Since I was converted to the idea that smoking ought to be stopped, I have been interested to observe who these tradition violators were. As yet, I have never seen anyone prominent in student affairs engaged in campus smoking. In fact, if it wasn’t for the fact that one or two of the violators have been, in some of my classes I wouldn’t be able to ident
ify any of them.
Mostly freshmen, if pots, toques, or bewildered expressions distinguish the first year men, the violators perhaps should not be condemned too strongly. Possibly, they just don’t know any better. This is evidenced by the fact that none of them hold responsible campus offices or are in any way men of outstanding personality or position, or even average, for that matter. If these smokers were so-called “big shots” they would realize what the no-smoking tradition means and would refrain from so flagrantly violating it. But, not being connected with the non-scholastic life of the campus, they do not have the background nor the knowledge to understand properly that there are things more important than personal satisfaction or comfort. Or, possibly, they belong to that group which looks upon all laws, rules, and regulations merely as things to be disobeyed, and are carrying this disgraceful spirit over into their every-day lives on the campus.
Our hats were off to every co-ed yesterday, but we’ve gotten, back into the swing of school again—^now nary a hat is removed ... We can’t get very much aroused over the pin transaction between KKG MARTHA REED and gravy bowler EMMY SCHOLER—this union has been forestalled by the fact that EMMY didn’t get his coveted pin until recently—Congratulations to them . . . Those of you that wished your editor good wishes Tuesday can now turn all your sympathy upon STAN WIRTH who came back to school the proud possessor of a wife—this calls for a drink on the house boys where’s the house??? . . . May we be the most recent to congratulate you STAN, and good luck . . . BERTIE MEGUIAR the only contender of MARY JEAN LIGHT’S for all campus midget, is trailing after long-legged Beta pledge Mr. RALPH OHAVER again—this is a former High School romance and is what you call the long and short of it—where does STUBBY BIRBARI fit into the picture ???... Phi Tau CALDWELL lost his pin in a crap game this vacation the recipient was a member of the pin grabber sex and was extremely indignant about returning said pin — CALDWELL says “it was a tough battle Ma, but I won.” —we wonder ? ? ? .... ADJECTIVES Explosive — MARY HELLEN Fickle—MARY ANN KELSAY. Lovely—LOUISE BAIN. Fragrant — LOUISE SCHICK
LER.
Bustling—‘Martha Ray’ GRIMM Keen—DOTTIE. Frigid—WINNIE GREGORY. Transparent—VIVIAN PHELPS Radiant—JUNE LIPPERT. Bashful—Not q.t Purdue. Irrational—MARY ED JOHNS-
TON.
Silly—MARY WIESBACH. The MARS PASSES for this week will be given to the one who turns in the 10 best ADJECTIVES describing 10 different eds or coeds—It’s simple—turn in your contribs at the UNION desk . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
€> |93f bj United FenCure Syadkate, Ine.
“I’ve been secretly engaged to Jack for two months now, but tonight I’m going to tell him.”
WITH Violet cuddling in his arms HE drove his car, poor silly AND where he once held Violet NOW he holds a lilly. AN ENGINEER is one who knows a great deal about very little and continues knowing more and more about less and less until finally he knows everything about nothing. A SALESMAN knows very little about a great deal and keeps on knowing less and less about more and more until he knows practically nothing about everything. Leap year is ovef^for the rest of the coeds??? but HELEN STEFFEE had BOB JOHNSON hooked Monday afternoon—her arm took him into port between the Union and Women’s Gym—he responded obediently—BOB sings “She’s got me under her skin” (Poor boy!) ...
pobei’t Trygstad, journalism student at the University of Minnesota was born in Shanghai, China. His legal residence is Wisconsin and his present home is in Canada.
Amherst Committee Favors Greek ‘^Tsar*^ Amherst, Mass.—(IP)—A fraternity “tsar” to control the Amherst College fraternities’ business affairs is advocated by the Committee on Fraternity Business Management in its report to the Amherst Alumni Council. The report provides for an executive committee of six, three of whom would be alumni and three undergraduateSi, who wpuld appoint a resident manager to serve all the societies. It is hoped that this centralization of the system would result in the standardization of business practices by the various groups and a possible adoption of cooperative purchasing and maintenance.
The University of New Mexico has purchased a new electric organ for its music department. The organ is available for rent ten hours a day at twenty-five cents per hour. Students can earn credits by taking lessons.
Exponent Platform
1. Reform the Student Senate. ,2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physi<^ punishment hy honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in aU popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
Daredevils of the Air!
FOREIGN SPIES AND AMERICAN ACES... • FIGHTING IT OUT IN MID-5^;-S
%ii ■■7fZ.m
^ I
<
if >'‘7,1''
if >'‘7,1''
C!^',5‘.'''! " \y :,{ ’’tJ-Jy ,^ •''a! ' "7 ' e’;.i ' ’
l-J ^ r-^S:'h ^
Thottidkyt Jfaiiijwry 11987
THE PHEHUB EXPONENT
Purdue Basketball
Record Impressive
Purdue’s current basketball squad is bucking the odds in atten).pting to figure in the Big Ten title distri--bution for the fourthi successive yeari Only once in Big Ten history has a title string extended that long. Chicago turned the trick back in the ea?ly days, sharing the conference championship in 1907 and following with titles in 1908, 1909, and 1910. In eighteen years under Coach Ward Lambert, Purdue quintets have won or shared in nine championships, and in their individual series with Big Ten rivals have .compiled a neat edge without exception. Purdue’s record in the series with each of its nine Big Ten rivals for the eighteen years from 1919 to 1936, inclusive, is shown by the following tiable: Purdue P.U. Opponent Played Wn Lst Pet. Minnesota 20 16 4 .800 Indiana 24 19 5 .791 Northwestern .... 28 22 6 .786 Chicago ....' 23 18 6 .782 Wisconsin 18 14 4 .777 Ohio State 26 20 6 .769 Michigan 19 13 6 .684 Illinois 26 16 11 .576 Iowa 23 13 10 .565
Totals 207 160 67 .724
B0SSUN6 Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
SPARRENDAHL
Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
FAMILY
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
r
The Sport of Chills and Thrills'.
YTTAKESYOU BEHIND THE SCENES OF A GAME THAT’S FULL OF THRILLS!
PLUS 2ND BIG HIT
ASIX-fiUNistheLAW
i \\ fdiiBn Gene rides
\ the bandit trail \ mritii the bravest & \ men on earth!
AimiY
BARCLAY
MlCHlGAN-^tJARD One of Michigan’s reliable reserves in next Saturday’s contest will be William Barclay who has divided his time between playing quarterback on Kipke’s eleven and playing the position of forward on
the net squad.
Everything is swing these days. A modern music club is being organized at New York university. The purpose is to aid in the understanding of modern music, particularly those forms known as jazz, hot jazz, and springy swing.
! PRINTING.
r;
one* tWIe—ry , Weddbfl lavtWIaM
P ^ Kic*«• • ^ 6 s B CASSEL'S 4MiFEMiiP
Scoboe'i REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplios 105 Vine St., W. Ufayette
ARC
Today - Friday - Saturday
RANDOLPH SCOTT FRANCES DRAKE — also — John Wayne in “Winds of the Wasteland” — and — Clyde Beatty
“DARKEST AFRICA”
LUMA
ALL WEEK
THE MELODY-PACKED
WONDER SH01 OF ALL TIMEl! Stars! Girls! Cols PorHr hit tunes! It hqs EVERYTHING!
Net Squad To Play Giants Of Micli%an
Boilermakers’ Chances Of Big Ten Title Risked Against Wolverines
Purdue’s chances of remaining in the rapidly thinning rapks of undefeated Big Ten basketball quintets will be decidedly problematical here Saturday night as the Boilermakers, comparative midgets stack up against Michigan’s skyscraping combination, one of the early favorites for the conference title. The battle, which will provide the Big Ten opener for the Wolverines, and the second conference start for the undefeated Boilermakers, will find Purdue pitting its speed with Michigan’s size. In the last meeting between the two foes at Ann Arbor last year, the Boilermakers were forced to stage a sensational second half rally to grab a 38-37 viCjtory that brought a share of the Big Ten championship honors. Skyscraper Engineering Michigan will enjoy a tremendous advantage in controlling the ball through its Isuperior height, with such players as Gee, 6 foot 9 nch center, and John Townsend, former Hoosier high school star, who is nearly 6 feet, 6 inches, as its outstanding performers. Purdue’s speed, without the ball, will mean little, and the Boilermakers’ main trouble will be devising ways and means to obfiain the old pill at least a fair proportion of the evening. Veteran Lineup Lambert is expected to stick to his veteran quintet of speedsters, with Jewell Young, who racked up 27 points against Wisconsin Monday night, and Johnny Sines, clever ball handler, at forwards: Co-cap-tain Jim Seward at center, and Pat Malaska and Co-captain Glen Downey at guards. However, there is a possibility that Gene Anderson, deft ball handler from Franklin, may break into the starting lineup at either center or forward. Ticket sales indicate that there may be a complete sellout before game time, although there were still reserved seats available this morning.
Fighters Await Gong In Golden Gloves Matches
According to trainer “Punchy" Maxwell, tonight’s Golden Gloves eliminations should prove the best entertainment the boxing circle has to offer, for the cream of Purdue's Glovers will be on hand to see that the University’s fight fans -get an evening of fast and clever boxing. In addition “Punchy” expects more than one knockojut on the evening’s bill, and doubts whether his skillful boxers will allow any fight to last more than one round. This, no doubt, expresses his opinion that “there’s goin’ to be a hot time in the old toW)/i tonight.”
♦ ^44 4 444 4 44 TODAY 4:16—^J. Simmeiht vs. F. Mtatro. 5:00—K. Blessiiig vs. 9, Eli«i^«tA 6:46—^D. Blitz vs. S. SetMgt 6:30—H. Lownie vs, 3. HeilmaiL
Pi Kappa Alplia
Pi Kappa Alpha axmomiees the pledging of K. B. tetetwa* PlaTnfield, N.J.
Professor Tenney L. Sttvis jof' the Massachusetts Institiite o£ Technology, recently acqphred a flf' teenth century Chinese book on alchemy. *1716 volume entitled “Chin Tan Ta Yao” was printed in 1440.
fflSHMAN MICHIGAN—GUABB Herman Fishman is the little man on the Wolverine squad. Fishman stands only 5 feet li inches, but plays a fast game and is hard to stop. Although only a junior, Fishman is one of the best guards in the business.
ielder’s.... ....choice _By Bob Walpole -
Four Big Ten Teams To Test Title Hopes Of Boilermakers
In the next two weeks Purdue’s fate in the fight for the Big Ten title will probably be decided. The Boilermakers defeated a stubborn Wisconsin five here Monday, but will face four more outstanding conference foes within the next ten days. The Boilermakers will meet Michigan’s title favored <“giants” here Saturday night in another “crucial” contest. Last year found Purdue defeating the Wolverines here handily, 41-32, but barely coming from behind in the return game to win 38-37. On The Road Purdue will take to the road next week, traveling to Iowa. City to meet the Hawkeyes Monday night, and then jumping to Bloomington Saturday night for the Hoosier classic with Indiana. The brilliant Illinois quintet, already established as a pre-season favoritb, will provide the fifth game in two weeks here on Monday night January 18, to close the first semester hardwood competition for the Boilermakers. Following the Illinois battle, Purdue will take time out for mid-som-ester examinations until February 3 when Notre Dame will provide the opposition in South Bend.
Dr. Francis Carter Wood, director of the Institute of Cancer Research at Columbia University, announced recently that an internnational atlas on cancer, which is expected to aid materially in prevention and treatment of the disease, will be completed in about two years.
Connecticut College is joining hands with Wesleyan University this year as far as drama is concerned. The former school, a women’s college has had to cast females in all roles in the past. With cooperation from Wesleyan men, the performances should be more realistic.
And the excavation crew keeps a diggin’ and a diggin’ for our new fieldhouse . . . now that the diggin’ has changed from the pocket to the terra firma, our new athletic home is practically a reality . . . —^fc— There will be some black eyes and pushed in noses about the campus this time tomorrow morning, but only for those guys who will be matching punches in the finals of the Purdue Golden Gloves tonight . . . there should be plenty of fine bouts, so if you haven’t too much to do, why not wander over.. —fc— Following the report that over 200,000 football fans paid to see “Bowl” games on New Years Day, the N. C. A. A. has decided that post season games are for commercial reasons and not of the intended educational nature . . . they might even be right, but a championship football team is swell publicity for any university, at least it makes high school seniors conscious that the school is on the map
anyway . . . —^fc— This Michigan game coming up Saturday night isn’t going to be any pushover, and the Boilermaker team members say that they are well aware of it . . . one of the Big Ten coaches made the statement that the Wolverines have a more dangerous quintet than the Hoosiers ... we doubt it, but then, Purdue will take ’em both . . .
Two-Thirds Of First Round Ping Pong Matches Are Completed
Purdue’s first fraternity ping pong tournament was launched yesterday afternoon in the gym, with 76 men signed up. 'Two-thirds of the first round matches were run off, with the remainder to be played this afternoon. The winners jof yesterday’s matches will also play this afternoon. Individual Play Since this is the first tournament for fraternity men, the competition is in the form of individual play rather than the more interesting three-man team play. Team competition will probably be used in future tourneys if the present one is a success. The individual winners in the tournament will receive medals and the winning man’s fraternity will receive a cup. The annual all campus ping pong tourney will be held later in the season, probably the first or second week in March.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uchly
“Did
you advertise for a companion to share expenses on a trip south?”
Freshmen at Southern Illinois Normal University jare getting smarter with the yeui%, accor<Jing to results of the intelligence tests given this fall. A slightly higher overage is augmented by bigher individual scores as compared with returns from similar tests last year and previously.
Dine
WITH
A
et
IN THE
Cl
A
Take her out and treat her to an appetizing meal tastefully served in the pleasant atme^phere of the Chestnut Room, it'll be a real treat — one she'll really appreciate. We have some special menus for such occasions.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of Campu5i-«Center of Activities/
■X. 4 5'.\ , ',
',j>:V,' ■\'-, ■
'fimim
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SenUnce fi)r Jaywalkers— instruction in a baby*walker
If grownup jaywalkers could be sentenced to five days’ instruction in a baby walker, in plain sight of everybody on the streets, no doubt it would change pedestrian habits over night. Jaywalking is the lowest form of dangerous practice — one which causes many pedestrians to
be killed each year and thousands injured. Last year there were 4,500 pedestrians who were killed while crossing the street In the middle of the block. When pedestrians in cities cross against signals and in the middle of the block they indulge in practices that are extraordinarily dangerous. Just take the experience at intersections as an example. The rate of death per pedestrian accident involving crossing against signals, according to the Travelers Insurance Company, was 55 per cent worse last year than when crossing with signals. This single fact knocks into a cocked hat the theory that it is foolish for a pedestrian to wait at an intersection for the signal to flash “Go.” Jaywalkers are asked to pay heed to the fact that the chance of injuries proving fatal, when hit while crossing in the middle of the block, is twice as great as crossing against signals, and three times as great as when crossing at the intersection with the "GO” signal.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, niarht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a speeiaJ ty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son
209-11 North Fifth Street
Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Surgeon Films Major Operation Use Color Motion Pictures For Instructional Purposes
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119J/S Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 The thinking fellow calls
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenfrer any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7tli Phone 6050
V» Of California Turns Light, Law On Parkers
Berkeley, Calif.—(IP)—The PanHellenic Council at the University of California has declared parking in front of sorority houses, on the campus, until the night watchman makes his round, at 2:30 a. m., “subject to penalty.” Simultaneously, the Department of Grounds announced that the construction of additional lighting units, on the campus, would be started. ^
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—& E Slide Rule in Union lounge or bowling alley Wednesday morning. Owner’s name engraved on rule. Call George Smith 31352.
Double Room For Rent Wood street. Phone 3213.
227
For Rent — Large room. Phone 46904.
downstairs
Rochester, N. Y.—(ACP)—Soon many medical schools will discard the present system of demonstrating surgical operations for a more colorful one. In the laboratory classes, it is difficult for students far removed from the operating table to see the actual work from the viewpoint of the surgeon. Hereafter color motion pictures will be employed in some schools to show technique of the surgeon. Over His Shoulder How can_jthe process be filmed? Simple. Dr. R. Plato Schwartz, of the University of Rochester, explains that the photographer, by using color film sensitized to artificial light and by using a telephoto lens, can now take pictures over the surgeon’s shoulder—^pictures that will reproduce the operation in true color and, also essential, in the I’ight size and perspective. Dr. Schwartz anticipates universal use of this novel teaching method within a short time. One of the advantages '^he points out is that unusual surgical cases can be projected many times for instructing, lecture purposes, and case histories.
For Rent—One half double room. Single bed. 122 Pierce street. Phone 7764.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. nt.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meeting January 7 at 6 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —KETTLE. Fraternity Presidents—Please turn cards in to me guaranteeing purchase of tickets to Inter-Fraternity Ball immediately. —WINTER.
Indiana university has received approval on a,PWA project calling for the construction of a new school of education and a laboratory. The total cost of the project has been placed at $858,000.
Donald A. Smalley, instructor of English at Indiana University, thinks that the poetry of John Donne and Robert Browning presents the “effect of the alarm clock and not of the harp, or of Wagner rather than Mozart.”
The new piano in the Union music room at Purdue University was chosen by the blindfold test. Seventeen musically inclined people sitting behind a screen voted on the different makes by “hear” and eliminated the less desirable instruments.
'Where Mr. Purdue Buys His Shoes"
THOM McAN 424 Main St.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Adult 1937 Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wednesday, January 13th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, January 15th, 7:30 P. M. INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry Streets PHONE 2150
University Orchestra—Kenearsal changed to next Tuesday, January 12. —PHILLIPS.
W. A. A. Volleyball—These games will be played January 18, as follows: Kappas vs. Ward 4 at 4 p. m. in large gym. Bronx vs. Ward 1 at 4 p. m. in small gym. Thetas vs. Gables in large gym at 4 ;30 p. m. Chi O vs. Ward 3 in small gym at 4:30. —THATCHER.
Deck Tennis—^These games can be played any time this week but must be played before Friday, January 8, at 6 p. m. Wetzel and Bush vs. McKinsey and Stiles; Beko and Beko vs. Greenburg and Cook; Campbell and Van Rle vs. Baxter and Campbell ; Wiley and Dobson vs. Delaplane and Scott; Vandwier and Blank vs. Auld and Clymer; Fruek and Tugaudis vs. Hibner and Wilson. —RIETH.
Thursday, January 7,1937
SUEDE JACKETS Properly Processed.^
We are now equipped with the same method used by manufacturers for softening, re-tinting and dyeing suede jackets.
Send us your suede jacket and see how lovely it is when returned.
Cflora Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Proper Diet Prolongs Life Says Columbia Prof,
Washington, D. C.—(ACP)—If you will watch your diet you may prolong your life seven years or more. That is the suggestion of Dr. Henry C. Sherman, Mitchill professor of chemistry at Columbia University and research associate of Carnegie Institution of Washington.
His nutrition studies with rats serve as the basis for the conclusion. The diet which extended the prime of life in rats had an increased proportion of milk, making the diet richer in vitamins A and G, calcium and protein. Adult Vitality Dr. Sherman declared that this food program “expedited growth and development, resulted in a higher level of adult vitality as shown by several criteria and extended the average length of adult life.”
The application of this new knowledg in “prime-period exten-
sion” is not only of biological significance, he said. Most eminent men attain their positions of “fullest opportunity” at an age when only the last third of their years remain to render “fullest service to the world.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
See The Campus Coat HERSEY’S 124 N. Sixth St.
FOR Over 50 Years
The Leading Drug Store for
University People
BartlettDrugCo.
"The price is always low" 306 State Phone 4451
CO-EDS This week end is HOMECOMING and you’ll surely want to look your best. Let us do your work. Our operators are experts! Remember CO-ED DAYS every Thursday and Friday.
KIENLY Beauty Studio
Phone 7727
662 Main
Chemistry Students—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9, 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make applications in room 210 of Chemistry Building, before January
W. A. A. Class Riflery—Freshmen, 7 p. m.: Sophomores, 7 :30 p. m.; Juniors, 8 p. m.: Seniors, 8:30 p. m. See story for names of team members. —RICHEY.
Ceres—Open meeting January 7, at 7 p. m. in faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building. Every one welcome. —WARREN.
Purdue Engineer—All freshmen and sophomores who wish to become junior staff members report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. January 7. —EVANS.
W. A. A. ,Ping Pong—The following games must be played by Friday evening, January 8. Please report scores on chart on bulletin board in Women's Gym: B. Cook-Sefton; Hosack-Clymer; M. Smith-Berry: Wllking-Wickard; SlinkardRies ; Gross-Hinchman ; C- Baker-Kusmitz; Boehm-MacDougall; N. Campbell-Demoret; Van Rie-Bouton; J. Campbell-C. Davis; Davis-Timberlake; Jenkins-Halstead : Dele-plane-Wiley; Spieher-Raebig. —MAIER.
Camera Club—Meeting in room B ,of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o'clock. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Sophomores—Our committees meet in work-room January 7 at 4 o’clock. —STALLINGS. PFORZHBIMBR, CLAYPOLE, SCATTERDAY.
Cosmopolitan Club—Open forum at 7 ;15 January 8 in rooms 1 and 2 in. Memorial Union Building. All active members and faculty members are invited to hear discussion on United States and other countries. —FUTOOHEE.
Kappa Delta Pi—Meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock January 7. —CHANCELLOR.
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. ra., January 16. Applications must be made by January 15. —NELSON.
Scrivener Club—Meeting January 7 at 116 Sheetz street at 8 o’clock. Bring manuscripts. , —VERBER,
W. A. A.—Practice for intramur^ swimming meet January 7 at 7 :30 o’clock. Open swim at 8:30. —TUBBS.
s hme. ... . SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hciw.
822 Main St.
W. A. A.—Volleyball games January 7: W. R. H., second floor 2 vs. Ward 8 at 4 o’clock in large gym; Pi Phi vs. Bronx at 4 o’clock in small gym; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 2 at 4:80 in large gym. —THATCHER.
Sigma Delta Chi—^Meet in the Purdue Engineer office at 7 p. m. January 7. Bring all rassle bills. Very important. —HARDIN.
Flying Club—^M.eetjng in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. January 7. Important stockholder’s meeting afterwards. —SMITH.
Debris Salesmen—Important meeting in office at 4 p. m. January 7. —VAN NATTA.
W. A. A.—^Blfle tournament matches January 7: Freshmen vs. Sophomores, 7 p, 'm.; Juniors vs. Seniors, 8 p. m. See Jan. 6 Exponent for list of team members. Alternates please report. , —RICHEY.