'•^ f'
f!f>- ,V
l'*- j/ j ,!. ’^ ‘ vi' * x / * ' , , ' ’ » , *■
£Dlt ASKS Students To Give Team Send Off
Established 1889
xfzOHe^u * Where Arc Freshman Pots?
Volume 56, No. 58
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
ASTP To Present First All Riveters To Face Marquette
Soldier Production Saturday
Watt To Star On Program
Students To Hold
Team Meets New
FORUM LISTS Agents Needed For World Peace
Thursday, September 23, 1943
By Pfc, Leo Friedman With more than 100 University trainees in its cast, “Khaki on the Kampus,” the first allsoldier show ever offered here, will be presented at the Music Hall Saturday evening at 7:30. Admission will be free, and all service men, students on the campus, and townspeople will be welcome Although the pioduction is entiiely the woik of the members of the trainee battalion, the leciaation committee, sponsOiing the affair, announced last night that Capt W H Watt of the Chilean Aimy would appeal as a guest stai He will offer a piano solo Mary Cole Will Sing With a single exception, he is the only non-tiainee in the production The othei is Maiy Cole, who will sing with T/5 Hal Coopei man’s army band, but she is haidly an outsider, being a cletk in the battalion office
The recreation committee is headed by Capt Samuel Naismith Aftei the show, the committee, in co-opeiation with the Union, will be host to all Army men on the campus at a dance in the Noith ballroom at the Union Building All soldiers with 01 without dates, and whether membeis of the Union oi not, will be admitted Also admitted will be any other couples having subs for thei regular Saturday evening couple dances. Army Band To Play For Dance The Army band will move from the Jlusic Hall pit to the Union bandstand at the conclusion of the show Until then, music will be provided by Mauiy Mahn ani;! his Five Men of Note For the occasion, dancing will continue until midnight, and it is expected that the Sweet Shop will be kept open till the end of the dance Designed principally for laughter, the show promises to have a few serious moments It will start with a legion meeting in the year 1950, and pick up a bunch of the boys—■ old University ASTs, by coincidence—in a reminiscent mood Fiom theie on, practically anything goes Look Into Classrooms Among other things, that in-^ cludesi quick looks into University classrooms—vintage of 43—wheic army men dally with physics and with military lore There will bo a quick peek into the daik, dim past—• the induction centei, the barracks at a typical camp By way of contrast, the show will (See ARMY SHOW, page 3)
First Pep Parade Will Form Before Union At 5:30 P. M.
Rival On Saturday
Inaugural pep session of the fall football season will begin tomorrow afternoon at 5:30 in front of the Union where Boilermaker fans, led by Nello Manarky, the newly-elected cheer leader, and the All-American Band, will form to march to the New York Central station where the team will entrain at 6:03 for the trip to Marquette. The occasion will be in tribute to last — —-- week’s victory and to express
Fresh from its victoi y o\ er Great Lakes, the Riveter football team will face Maiquette, piedominately a Navy outfit, Saturday night at 8 under the fioodlights of the Hilltop stadium in Milwaukee, Wis By winning over a Bluejacket eleven Satuidajr, the Boilermakers gave every indication of possessing one of the stronger collegiate teams of the coun-
Elliott Warns Students Of New 6i(vcle Laws
According to a statement made by President E C Elliott yesterday the increased use of bicycles on the campus has created a problem of safety It has now become necessary to prohibit the riding of bi-
confidence regarding another
win this Saturday.
Sororities, fraternities and other organizations on the campus have been asked ta have diniiei early so that they can get to the Union in time to join the maich across the levee Student lesponpe for tomoilow’s session will, in a measure, determine the amount of preparation for later games This and future pep sessions are be-
Dr. H. B. Hass Will Speak At Sigma Xi Meeting Thursday
Sigma Xi, national scientific ic
ti> Coach Elmer Burnham’s squad has been bolstered by the addition of maiine students, notably from the Univeiities of Illinois and Missoni i and they have taken rank with Notie Dame, Michigan and Noithwostein as one of the top te uns of the raiddlewest
cycles on the campus sidewalk and mg planned by the Reamers, Gimcampus lawns. The University po- lets and Gold Peppers lice have been instructed to enforce Return Plans To Be Released
search honoiaiy will hold its hist Face Rudan Vnd Combs meeting of the yeai in the auditor Bmnhmi has no illusions mm of the Physics Building Thins ,eg uding the powei of the Marday evening at 7 10 the -peakei, .mpiessive deleDi H B Hass, will discuss lecent ^^,^10.1 ot letteunen includes a developments in the iiitiopaiaffins complete backfield of veterans Di Hass, head of the depaitmcnt of .^^shing John Rudan, chemistry heie has earned out ex specialucs in end sweeps The tensive investigations in this field bolsteied by V 12
this regulation. Violatois of the regulation will be liable for the usual special fee of $5 for each offense.
Not refugees from it chain gang or a top sergeant are these ASTs who will appear in “Khaki oh-the Kampus” Saturday in the Music Hall
Cyril Hoyler To Discuss Heat Treatment Of Metal
L. Lingler To Lecture
Red Cross Callout Begins Today; Urge
Plans ft)i meeting the Rivetei team on its return Horn Milwaukee aie undei way and will be announced m Sunday’s Exponent. In the past it has been the custom to give the team a big send off and it IS hoped that pep sessions of this type will be successful enough to uphold the tradition as long as there is a football team at the Univei sity
feid has lectured on the subject be foie gioups of chemists in many different paits of the countiy Ihe meeting is open to the geneial pub
lie
This year the local chapter of Sigma Xi IS sponsoiing the appeal ance of local scientists as well lecturers selected by the national society At the next meeting on Oc tober 25, Di Laik Hoiovitz will talk on “Biological Applications of Radical tive Tiaeeis”
This Evening At 7:30
Engineering Classes
Coeds To Donate Time c/ufc jo Hold
Cyiil N Hoylei, a membei of the RCA staff at Pimcetoii Laboratory, will talk on the heat treatment of metals by means oi radio cuirents on Thursday at 7 30 p m m room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building Colored motion pictuies and slides will be shown to demonstiate the metal treatment involved in the hardening of steel and the annealing of bi ass Hoylci will explain the theimosetliiig of glue, the bonding of thermoplastic mateiial Sophomoie and )unioi electrical eiigmeeis aie especially uiged to attend, although the meeting is open to the public The RCA cadets who helped arrange the piogiam will serve lefieshmcnts aftci the lectuXe
Lou Linglei, lepieseiitative of the Sheffield Coipoiation of Dayton, Ohio, will lecture today and tomoiiow to four engmeeiing classes on piecision mstiuments and gaging methods Today’s lectures will be given at 10 a m and Ip m , and tomoi low’s are scheduled at 10 a m and 4pm All will be held in Room 101, Michael Golden Shops Special audiences will include RCA and CuitissWiight cadettes, as well as a navy class in manufactuiing processes All Icctuies aie open to the public
Senior Coeds Meet
Mass meeting will be held for all senioi women in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 4 p m Thuisday to deteimine a unifoim diess loi coeds to wcai in the Senior Cold Parade
Precision mstiuments manufactuied by the Sheffield Coiporation include aiT amplifying gage which employs a reflected beam of light and will measuic to ten millionths of an inch accuracy It also builds aitilleiy shell body gages which compute eight to ten different dimensions simultaneously, and inspection devices which measure the inside diameter of a machine gun band m 16 seconds
Duiing the past two weeks members of the Student Union have been urging coeds to help with the Red Cross woik that the Union is sponsoring Union lepiesentatives have spoken to giils in the halls and to soioiities asking them to donate one houi of their time each week to Red Cross woik The Red Cross drive officially begins today and lecruits are desperately needed Those wishing to woik should appeal in the Sub-basement of the Union on Monday fiom 9 to 4, on Tuesday from 9 to 4 oi 7 to 9, and on Thuisday from 9 to 4 Students reporting on Monday oi Tuesday until 4 will help sew, while those who come down on Tuesday evening oi on Thursday will help in wrapping suigical dressings Coeds who come down to work will be assigned to a table and will be show how to do the work by Di Mickel, supervisoi of the Red Cross activities
Call Tonight For Chess Fans
Senate Will Start Tutor Service Soon
tiaiiieos, including Bill Combs, the ‘ most valuable playei” on the Rivetei 1941 squad who held down a wing post for the Philadelphia Eagles 1 ist fall ‘ Anything can happen Saturday night ” cautioned Buinham “There appaienJy is little to chose between either team” The game, which maiks the first giidiion meeting in history between the two schools, has been given added mid western and national significance by the impressivn opening victories of the two rivals, the Boileimakers beating Cleat Lakes, and the Hilltoppers smashing Wisconsin, 33 7
Students interested in taking to the chess board should appear in the card room of the Union tonight at 7 p m in answer to the Chess Club’s callout The schedule of matches has not been completed as yet Of the 30 membeis in Jast year’s club, the five best players w^re picked in laddei competition aftei a senes of games, these top five constituted the chess team
Harding Tells ASME
The only match played last yeai was with Indiana, with the Univeisity coming out on top, the trophy, which goes each year to the winnei of the match between the two schools, IS displayed in the caid loom In the last seven yeais, the Univeisity has downed-Indiana foul times
Student Senate will sponsor a tutoiing service stalling Octobei 1 foi the benefit of Univeisity eds and coeds who need extra coaching in paiticulai subjects A call IS now being made foi graduate and undcigiaduate stu dents legisteied in the Univeisity to sign up as tutois Tutois are de sued especially foi fieshmen chem istiy an 1 mathematics eouises A unifoim ehaige ot sixijy cents pel hour will prevail for the use of the mstiuctois Names ot tutois will be available in the Senate Oi lice after Octobei 1
Bulletin
It was levelled among official senioi cutles tonight that an investigation IS pending to deteimine the cause oi the announcement in Tuesday s Exponent which said that, mousta< he shaving may be carried out onl\ between the houis of 12 noon Tnuisday, Sept 20, and 12 noon Satuiclay Oet 2 The source iiuheated that all fieshmen would be undei suspicion and that the actual se loon on moustaches does not open un il Ihuisday, Sept 30, at 12 noon
Victory Beil Rings Out At Conference Games
Bands Will Play Of Sub Experiences
Opening Speeches Of Nutrition
For Mixer Sat
Convention Set For Sept. 30
Opening Thuisday, September 10, the fouith annual “Nutiition School” will convene loi two days at the Univeisity with many University men piesiding and carrying on discussions At 10.00 a m the morning session will open in the south ballroom with Hobart Creighton piesiding, the meeting will be shared with the State Poultiy Association “The Piogiam of the Indiana Feed Conservation Council”, “Tips on Stretching the Feed Supply”, “Essential Wai-time Shifts in Poul tiy Rations”, ten minutes discussions each on “Equitable Distribution”, Wheie IS the Feed’” and “Pioblems of Community Mixeis”, “Feed Puce Ceilings” discussed by an OP A representative, and a summary and questions peiiod will compiomise the moining session Reed To Speak Presiding over the after noon meetings will be W V Lainbeit with Dean H J Reed, head of the School of Agriculture, making the opening talk on “The Livestock Industiy Meets the Chajlenge”. "Feed
Efficiency and the Feed toMkiod Piogiam” will be lollowed by “Efficient Feeding Piactiees ioi Hogs, Daily Cattle, Sheep, Beet Cattle, and Poultiy”, The evening session will be in the west faculty lounge with J Holmes Maitin presiding over the louiidtable discussions Membeis of the staff will discuss “'^The Maximum Utilization ot Oui Available Feeds”, and “Feed Utilization ” Talks On \ itainins On Friday, Octobei 1, J H Hil ton will preside in the West Faculty lounge ivl 9 a m This piogiam will featiue various talks on “Vita mins” Ihe altcinoon meeting, F W Qua..kenbush piesiding, will featiue a talk and lound table discus Sion on emergency pioblems a busi ness meeting of the Indiana Feed Conservation Council, and (onfei ences with Univeisity staff membeis, by ttppoinlment Othei eonleienees with stall membci s may be aiianged ioi Satuulay moining A legistiation fee ot $2 00 will hg ehaiged foi expense of luniiing the .'ichool
Aimy Band and Mauiy Mahn will play loi the Union Mixei Satuiday at 8 iO p m in the North Ballioom Hany Reed will be playing in the South Ballioom toi stags 01 couples Mahn s oichestia will play until the Army Band ailives liom the Aimy Show in the Music Hall" Union caids oi schedule caids will be used loi admission Coats and ties pieleiied toi the ciyihans, lib city uniloims ioi the seiyice men
Prof. Howland Gives
Bill Haiding, a V-12 at the Uniyeisity, and who was foimeily a yeoman second class serving in a submaiine with the Asiatic Fleet in the Pacific, spoke last night at an open meeting of the Ameiiean Society of Mechanical Engineers He told of his experiences in enemy waters and explained many of the mechanical aspects of subniaiines Haiding has been in the Navy thiewyeais and ten months and was admitted to V-12 because of a lecommendation made by his commanding officer, aided by a citation which he received According to Haiding, aftei the naval leseivists aie graduated fiom V-12 they will be replaced by men fiom the fleet
Fortells Football Score Considered as a baiometei, oi piophet, the chess games with Indiana seems to predict the winnei of the football classic when ^he University chess team beats Indiana in chess, Indiana beats the University 11). football, and vice-veisa Speculation is running high lop man on last year’s team was Geiaid Viiens, and next was Waldo Maigolis These aie the only two membeis of the team left
Lectures In Indiana Pledge DozeS, ClaSS
Freezes; Hell Week
Piof W E Howland of the Civil Engmeeiing department has le-^i eeiitly completed a toui of Indiana giving a lectuie entitled “Post Wai Planning ioi the Water Woiks Field” The talk was piescnted at SIX dis‘‘iict meetings which weie held under the auspices oi the Univeisity, ihe State Board of Health, and the Ameiiean Water Works As-
soeiation
Piol Howland also presented the papei, “High Rate Tickling Filtei Design” beioie the Indiana Sew ige Woiks Association at Kingsloid Heights on Septfembei 2.
Passports Student passports have arrived and will be distributed today and tomoi row from the ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium and Fieldhoiise Ihose stujlents who registered at the beginning of this term, whose last names put them in the A through M gioups will be given their passports today and those whose names put them in the N to Z group will get their passports tomorrow All students must show
schedule caids to receive the passports.
Hell week must be getting into full swing over in the D U house At least one pledge is having a difficult tune keeping awake in his 10 o’clock history class Yesterday the exhausted pledge kept nodding until his head came to lest on the shouldei oi the coed sitting next to him Finally the piofessoi told him to open the windows, so for the rest oi the peiiod the pledge kept awake while the lest of the class fioze All ioi the D tJ’s.
Alpha Sigma Phi
announces the initiation oi the following membeis Call Beiglund, Omaha, Nebraska, Walter Black, Anderson, John Kauftman, Palisade, New Jersey, Cecil Lay, Seneca, Illinois, Noiman Olmstead, Sheiidan, Illinois, Dalef Von Gunten, Decatui, Ait Williams, Youngstown, Ohio. ~-
By Bill I vson Exponent News Editor “Ilcy, )ou know you’ie wioiig about oiii not imgiiig ilio \ietoiy Bell laot Saturday, don t you’” a couple oi Gimlets iiiioiiiied us yes teiday “It is only supposed to be lung foi eonicieiice games” Atlei due consultation ot the liteiatuie we found th s to be the e ise, hut while we weie looking some inteKstmg facts about the ole bell came to light Back in the doptlis ot time lie ioie the tuin ot the centuiy aetiv ity was centeied aiound Uuiveioity Hall and Piiidue Hall A bell ‘-jt uated on top of the hist powci pi uit located between University Hall and the present Home Economies Building numbei 2 eafled students to class iiiel dismissed them legu laily each daj Bell Becomes Pioblem About 1904 with the Uiiivcisitx gradually expandiii., the adniinis tiation leeeived a ^.lani toi a new Power plant and the pioblem oi d's posing with the old class bell aiose The faculty decided that it hould lepose in an old shed wheie the Music Hall now stands ihe Powei plant incidentallv was bnilt just south of the piCsent one Aftei reposing in peace toi a tew yeais the bell was diseoveied b\ some inquisitive students and diHgged out onto the campus It then disappt ued back into its house, due to tieultv tetioii but would leappeai on the' campus iiom time to time
ilioii one day it disappeaied No one seemed to know wheie it was btiaiigcly eaougli hovvevei, action vv IS begun by the students to have till bell pioviding it could be toiind, used as i \ietoiy bell Appaiently the picsideiit was lathei conseivative bee iiist it took several semestei.. toi liim to consent to the bell's Us( lot this pill pose Vs looii as pel mission was guiited the piiiloinois, now giaduites, We 10 contacted and the bell was diagged tioni its hiding place 111 ail old heating tunnel where the ( heiUieal and Metalkugieal Building now stands bubsequently a bell house was needed and alter some xeiis in the old shed back of the conseivitoiv students each eoutiibuted 5 cents to wait! the eonstiLictiou oi the piesent bell house between Ross \de\ Stadium and Caiv Hall Rung Only Vttei touterenee Game Aeeoiding to tiadition and legend the bell ij siipuostd to be iiing only aitei oui victory ovei a eoriterence lootball iival Legend also has it that it is a bad omen to take out the bell beloie the eiul ot a e ime Three yeais ago, in a tr ime wi h Wisconsin, students ovei eonfidei’t about the outcome oi the game tobk the bell out ot the house 111 the closing luiiuites ot the game only to have Wisconsin seoie two Loiuhdowiis 111 the last two minutes vnd will the game twice before the bell has been taken out piematuiely and both times the games weie lostwm
mm
HI
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, September 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent
combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Ediforial and Business Puri^uc Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor BusinrsR Mnnaper News Editor ManairinR Editor Sports Editors
Bills Morphs Mary Dilts William II Tyson Carolvo Willmr Rmmond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Assoeiate Editors lack All ett R ith M Ford Madelyn A Grotnes lami I I chaidson Maiparct 1 Steffes
Business Staff
Ads ertising Manager C 1 Gaunt Assistant Adserlismp Manager H ttv Maney Circulation Manager E ( Saucinian
Staff For This Issue
Night Fdiloi Ford Das Editor Grotnes Cit' Editor ‘Itofres Issue Editor Yargar Reporters B n Jlill Si s Icr Mi i polls 1 iv Gregoia C nett II li i Stetnlnu Wiight Smi iis
her B Glib i 1 T tharcls i
el ok B 1 Gar
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the i ecial rale tf i ostage provided for in section HOI act of Octoler 1 191 aiitt orized lanuary 20 1922 Published on Tuestlav Ihirsday and Sat irday mornings dur ing the vcai except certain \ ication periods Delivered daily b\ earner for *1 "I for a semester hy mail for $1 60 for a semester Silstnition m ly le Itained at the Exponent office or at the We 1 Dc k of the Uni n Represented for i ati t il advertising bv National Advertis ing Seivite Inc Cc liege Publisher* Ecprescntativea 42U Madi on \\c Nc i loik N Y
Join That Line . . .
Fiida\ night at 5 30 is the time foi all ye high spinted students to display some of that pent up enthusiasm foi Pin due’s mighty gridmen This IS their most impoitant battle, the toughest team they’ie e\ei been up against, so it’s up to the students to piovc that we are leallv behind the team Due to tianspoitation difficulties, we won’t be able to lend oiu vocal suppoit in person diuing the game, so lets give them a big enough send off to last thioughout the game The band and oui nev cheei leading squad aie the iingleadeis foi this affaii, and will ]oin in the geneial tuimoil To make thm send off leally go over with a bang it will take moie than a blaiing band and lousing jell leadeis Student resident places aic being cncouiaged to loll back their usual dinnci houi so no one will have a legitimate excuse foi not joining in the geneial melee This will be an excellent oppoitunity foi all ne-w students to leain Puidiie yells, and foi old students to show ’em how to laise the loof, Boileimakci stjlc hollow the Boilermaker Special, the student non sided mascot, to the hist big send off of the yeai
Bicyclists Beware . . .
SttAvioi, ShtipuL
Paul C. Smyf-h
lias been ij)jjoii4etl a eadet fust seifceani ol liis tlasb at tile Ai)ii\ An 1 oiees Basie Iljing School in Beeob, J ex ( adet Snij th is a giaduate of Moigantowii liigh bihool anti of tin Univeibitj Pj loi to his entianee into the sfivice he w is an is istant uistiuetoi at the Unnensitj ol Miiuusota He is maiiied to the foinici Yuguiia Mae Bigelow of Indianapolib
wsmaw
• y DREW PEARSON
Stimson Perturbed By Protest Against Transfer Of Marshall; Rationing Causes Tire Waste
WASHINGTON—Secietaiy of Wai Stimsdn is a man of gieat coniposuic, but he was visibly peituibed when a delegation fiom the Senate and House Mihtaii Affaus Committee called to piotest the tiansfei of Gen Geoige Mai-shall from the position of Chief of Staff to become Allied Commandei in Chief when the second fiont staits aciosb the Channel Secietaiy Stimson at fiist looked shocked that anyone knew about Maishall’s impending tiansfei, but did not deny that it was in the woiks He did deny, howevei, that it was being made at the behest of the Biilish ‘ A man should scivc whcic he can lendei the gieat est seivice to his countiy,” Stimson told his calleis His Congiessional calleis, howevei, contended that to icmove Mai shall fiom the position of chief of staff, wheie he helped decide stiategy foi all wai fionts, would be a blow to the wai They aigued that he was the best qualified and most expeiienced man in the Aimy to decide stiategy foi all fionts, and that plac mg him in England would gsve him only one field of militaiy opeiation They aigucd that Mai shall not be moved at all oi if he must be moved, that he become Geneial of the Annies which would put him in chaige of all Amen can wai policy Stimson listened eaiefully, said little In the end howevei, he obseived that the mattei was ‘ still in the making ’ and asked his calleis not to accept Maishall’s tiansfei “as the completed thing ” OCD To Continue
Schedule personnel ^otes
Thursdoy-i--10 j80—News
10 4B—Smile Time 11 lOO—PedeVated Clubs 11 rIO-i-lVlorning Matinee 11 60—Purdue News 12 00—Farm roruvn 12 16—Meet the Band 1 00—Homemakers Club
1 16—Music
1 80—Science Review
1 46—Markets
2 00—Story a Day 2 16—The Apothecary 2 30—Treasure Chest SiOO—Symphony Hail
-Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 6 00—Little Miss Muffelt 6 15—‘Doree Martin singer
6 30—Vespers 6 46—Music
6 00—Prayer Minute 0 01—Dinner Hour 7 00—Navy Band 7 15—Beyond Victory^—What? 7 90—Purdue Open House 7 46—Report to the People 8i00—The Bookman
8 16—Music
8 30—Prom the Press Box
8 46— Music
9 00—Musicana 9 30—Anything But Swing
9 66—News
I Liii "III ji I I > ' ' ; I ' Companies scheduled to visit the campus 5 ^ Nationa.1 Uni9n Radio Corporation, Newaik, N J—September 29, Intel ested in E E , Physicists Sylvama Electric Products, life, Salem, Maps ■—September 27. Intelested in E , E E Physic-sts General Electric Company,.„Scpenectady, N Y—Date to be nouRced. Inteiested in M B Goodyear Tire & Rubber CaiUipany, Akion, Ohio—Interested in ME, CE, PSE, ChE AeioE Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, Foit Woitb, Texas—Interested mAE,CE,ME,EE
■^At least my wife’s brother is loyal—he isn’t tempted to work for higher wages elsewhere ”
University Caleiidar
Thursday, September 23
Rumois about OCD folding up now cm be cm balmcd Evei since the news leak on Jim Landis’ appointment as State Depaitment cooiclinatoi in Cano it was lepoited that the office of Civilian De fense would be taken apait and the pieces given to the War Depaitment and Chailey Taft foi his Community Wai Seiviccs piogiam Inside fact is that an Executive Oidei was diaftcd foi this purpose but was blocked largely thiough the efforts of quiet but effective Harold Smith of the Budget Bmeau He believed that although air laid duty would be lessened, there was a big job to be done by millions of kolunteers both m War Service work and Protective activitj against accidents and fires So OCD s aimy of 11 000 000 voluntceis now seems to be assured of continued oiganization and leader ship for the duiation John Martin, a former Rhodes SchoJai, now serving as Acting Diiectoi of OCD, is young 34 but tough minded and haid woikmg He thinks that OCD must be fiank with the American people that there is no longei much danger of sen ous bombing but that theie are other jobs to do He ^as come up thiough the mill m OCD since the days of Mayiis Chaney Mis Roosevelt’s dancing giil at which time he and Jim Landis began to clean house Tires Go To Waste
8 00 P M AIDE Meeting Room 129, EE Building 7 30 P M Sigma Xi Meeting Auditorium, Physics Bldg Friday, September 24 7 00 P M Set vice Show (Seivice men only) Hall of Music Saturday, September 25 8 00 PM Pootball—Maiquctte Marquette
rridoy News Smiie Tikne World Politics Prof Phillips Purdue News News Farm Forum Meet the Band Homemakers Club Music Music Markets News Story a Bay Treasuiv Star Parade Music Muaic News Afternoon Melodies Waves Recruiting Musical Varieties News Tea Time Tunes Just Relax News Little Miss Muffett Mi^sic Vespers Sports Review Dinner Hour Memories of the Musters Music WBAA Barn Dahcc Todd Grant Gets the Story Eventide Fehoes Musicana Anything But Swing News
These companies are not schfeduled to visit the campus, however, they aie interested in students for employment Pittsburgh Glass Qo, Ne9V Mai tinsville, W Va—Inteiested m M E , Ch E Sign by September 2B Magnolia Petroleum Co, Dallas, Tex —Inteiested in E E, Physicists Sign by September 25 Allied Control Company, Inc ,New York, N Y—Inteiested m Physicists (MS, Ol advanced trainingf) Sign m Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, Soptqmbei 29
3 90-
4 10-
f 006 15- '• 306 4rb 00 b 017 00 7 16- ^ 80- '• 4a
To Officers And Men In The Armed Services
Ihe Exponent apologizes for the reference to the Marines in “Ihc Ratio” column of September Iff, and calls attention to the statement appear mg in that column in this issue, page 2
LLLIS MURPHY, Editor
Saturday 10 ^50—Neu-^ 10 45—Morning Melodics 11 00—Safeti Program 11 {15—Music 11 30—Music 12 1>—Meet the Band 12 46—Markets 1 00—Radio Stage 1 -10—• Marching t) Victory 2 00—Stoiy a Day 2 15—Tieasury Star Paiadc 2 30—Musical Varieties D 00—AftQfnoon Melodies
“Music -Tea lime Tunes -Jubt Relax -Little Miss MufTett -Music -Go To Church Sunday -Music -Piayci Minute -Dinnei Hour Waves Rconuting -Home Defense -Music Netherlands Radio News U S O Quiz Show Music -Lventidc Echoes -Union Mixei -Anything But Swing -News
Ratio
President Elliott’s announcement prohibiting the 1 iding ot bicycles on the campus sidcvdlks and lawns ielic\es many of us fiom the fcai ot accidental majhem The point had been icached wheie no one was sate on the walk , while the many coineis on the campus weie especially piecaiious Speed demons and supei cxtiovei ted bicycle iideis ha\e made lite uneasy for pedestiians The essential idea ol bike iiding is to save lubbei, gas and human eneigy on a campus as laige as this one And that idea is good In Ian ness it must be stated that many of the mstiuctois and students have shown some good sense and diseietion m then iiding , they iide as lai as possible in the stieets, attei all the\ bought a license loi that pinilege, to a point as close as ]jossible to their office oi class and then get off and walk the lest of the way. That is the sensible way to obtain the advantages ol two wheeled tiavel without incuiiing thf )jossibihtv ol sciious injuiy to some unknow mg bystandei 1 he Exponent '•uggested this action when it publnhed an tditoiial last August entitled “Speed Demons” We quote trom that editoiial ‘We liel that a good many of these ‘imh lush boys who feel that they must fly to class could profit by then mstiuctois’ examjiles, and we also tec 1 that they had bettei pioht by the instiuetoi’s example before '•omeone is seiiously iniuied ”
A scrap dealer named Moms Kaplan came bustling into the Wai Production Boaid the other day He said Look heie I’ve got an inventory of 450 tiies in my place in Cambridge, (Mass ) today and they’re gath enng dust and getting in the way I had more than that but I took 200 tires and scrapped them just be cause I got tired of stumbling over them Those tires,” said Kaplan “are good second hand tires, and they ought to be put on somebody’s car, not thrown out foi scrap But the red tape of rationing IS loo much for us, so they go for scrap ” Kaplan s tale fell on sympathetic ears m the WPB where officials would like to move odd size tires from second hand dealers all over the countiy But they aie thwarted by the led tape of lationing To get a tiie of any kind—old new legulai size oi odd size — jou must have a ceitihcate fiom the ration board When a buyer staits|that difficult routine however ho decides th it his tioubles might as well be invested 111 the best kind of tiie he tan get so be buys a new tiie Result is that the second hand tiies go unused, and aie cluttering up junk yaids all ovei the countiy WPB experts name New England as the woist aiea in this respect othei tough spots being New Yoik state Ohio and the fai south WPB s Di Waiien Lee would like to change the routine and not icquiic ccitihcates foi second hand tiicb but OPA says all tiie tiansactions must pass thiough lation boauls loi legistiation of numbeis Meantime hundreds of thousands oi usable tiies aic in the junk yards getting too dry and haid for use in the future
In the last issue of the Lxponent in whicn ‘ The Ratio ’ appeared this column included an entirely eiion eous account of an episode m Ma rine Baiiacks No 10 the foimei ATO House The wiitei of this column wishes to make clear to all who may have lead the aiticle in question that it was wiitten with out any investigation of the facts contained therein and based upon souices which have been found to be false unfounded and possibly mah Clous While this IS a ‘ gossip column ’, the wiitei has no desiie to cast as peisions on oi cause cmbaiiass ment to anyone least of all to mem beis of the aimed foices The writer theiefoie extends sin ceie apologies to the commanding officers the men concerned and the leadeis ol this column for the ap peaiance of the item of Sept 16 No information will appeal in this column in any foim i elating to the
aimed ^eivices without the full approval of the officials concerned
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Steak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
11 three mat ochii scents STUim'^JG i:xciri.inFx r
A dehralc it t v o t ccr, vi ’ a Lsl g Ece It nany 11 ic-i 9l 'ingor t'ja i tno-t i )"hrt JK /d-is 1 1 10 c 1/, d irty t TV O S T ‘ie»'i d"d fr9p ^ni t' ratg oi til day Ctihngp ce il J*
Sold excltii vcly ly
Palais Roijal
feUIIJk
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
TAME THE ©IfP WESTI
Ivonlier
CHARLES STARRiTT Roma Aldrtcb Arthur Hunnicutt ==€^i
Plus
THE SAINT MEETS THE TIGER —- with — HUGH SINCLAIR )EAN GILLIE Gordon McLeod — Clifford Evans Wylie Watson — Dennis Arundell
DQ YCtU DIG IT? Submitted by Wm Bruce Cameron
Butler University
Since social picssuK ^^ds not enoug'h, this oidci In Pu sidcnt Elliott now makes the usual ^.5 00 hiK liable to all \iolatois The Univei'Ul \ police ha\ e heen insti ueted to enloi ce this new luhnp
Super-Sleuth's Advice FBI s Super sleuth J Edgai Hoovci has a Iceluic which he delivers to his buieau chiefs eveiy so olten ‘Remember, he says, that you’re not bureau crats You’re servants of the people. And now and Hicn its a good thing to get out of Washington and blush up on what the people aie thinking and talking about ‘ Desk sitting in Washington,” says Hoover, “is all right tor a while But aftei too long a time it makes a man think he s a little tin god 1 hat’s the flist sign of that disease called ‘buieaucracyand if you don t cure it light an ay it gels virulent So nip it in/the bud by getting out nith the leal people of the nation ’ Hoovci himself piactices what he pleaches Thiee Ol foui times a year he gets away fiom Washington . foi a swing around his chief FBI offices He has just letuincd fiom an inspection tup which took him thiough Detioit to the West Coast and back “Sitting out undei the Siena mountains ’ says Hoovci ‘you look aiound and realize that despite the headaches ol biueauciacy and the tuimoil of wai this Moild has gone on i lot longei than any ol us and will be hcic foi a long time aftei wai d ”
Merry-Go-Round Di 1 V Soong China s Foicign Ministei received the pi ess for a conteiencc at the Embassy in Wash mg ton As he was speaking, a photogiaphei tiied a close up ‘Will you w'ait till I finish*'” said Soong “You caught me w ith my mouth open I might be a fly catchei' A Southein belle who woiks m the Office ol Civilian Defense declined an invitation to a buffet suppci given by Deputy Diiectoi Majoi Geneial Ulysses S Giant, III “With iccollcctions of the ( lYil Wai she tkclaicd stoutly ‘I wouldn t be seen at a paity with anybody named Geneial Giant ” (Copyiight, 1943, by United Ueatuie Syndicate, Inc )
ar University icQRfi
mb GUfASr just
SEND US YOUR SUNG AND GET $,T0 IF WE USE H Address; College Depf., PepshCola Co,, Long Island City, hi, Y.
Pepsi Cola Company, Long Island City, N.Y. Bottled locally by Franchise^offi^
,*ji
>74-
f I
' 4n
r.' .v;
!Arrhy, Ndvy, News
Wi^MX>>Mptdbtbel MsJPW
/ w*t“- • Yti
■^or Men, By Sei^ipe ^en
M .u..
driTier Navy Officer mandslstBattalion
Navy Commissions Mt y Mrvos
Disbandment
By Cpl, Jack Martire
*8, Note: This is the second in a series of articles on the officers
of the 1545th Service Unit, ASTP.
pr)ie Cpinmanding Officer of the First Battalion AST, Lt. Colonel l^dward B. Hicks, has the unusual honor of having , been an officer in the United States Navy before becoming a
ilte'gular Army man.
^ ' Coming from the geographical center ofS;he U. S., Junction ]City, Kansas, he was appointed to Annapolis from which naval ^Obool he was graduated in — Incidentally and quite member of the General Staif of the
abbroprlately. Col. Hicks was . i’?’' „ In 1920 Col. Hicks had been grad* horn^on “le quatorze juillet „ CommanwlC anniversary of the demo- (Jex's Course of the Field Artillery (jratic uprising in France that School, and m 1924 he completed ■■ ■ , ,1, ,11 r j I training in the Command and Gen-
LT. COL. E. H. HICK
eral Staff School.
After being military aide to the
president of the Sesqui-Centennial
Exposition at Philadephia in 1926, the Colonel spent four years, 192832, in Washington with the Office of
the National Guard Bureau. On
Sept. SO, 1934, Hicks was retired with the rank of Lt. Colonel. Before being recalled to active service Col. Hicks was employed in the personnel division of the Dohglas Airciaft Company. In March
the Colonel was appointed C.O. of
the 1st Battalion of the 1646th S.U. All the soldiers who «aw Col. Hicks at the Battalion Day meeting
in Powlei Hall know something of
what he is like personally. With a hearty sense of humoi, such a likeable personality and a thorough knowledge of what he is doing, the Colonel makes the kind of an officer that the men not only respect,
but really like and admiie. Who can
forget the pantomime on how to
The col-
onel’s dramatic ability adds to the
Beraard,!, fqrmerjy a chief specialist, was comipiiasiened an Ensign in the United States Naval Reserve Tuesday, September i21. He was sworn in by Commdr. Hugh J. Bartley, of the University Naval Training school. ^ native of Pittsburg]^, Ml’. Eoft now'lives here with his wife. He was company commander of Co, 131 of the electricians’ school, which graduated recently. If he remains here, Ensign Loft will act as assistant recreational officer, serving under Lt, (i.e.) L. Homers, who is the recreation officer of ihe University Navy unitsPrior to the war. Loft was active in organization and administration of CCC camps. He holds a degree in physical education.
By a U. S. Marine Corps private serving in the Solomons. Aye, politicians, send us out To fight our country’s war, And while we’re raising hell out
here
Disband our gallant Corps.
Army To Permit Jewish Trainees
The Forum
By Pfe. Gabriel Elias
AS'Ts Will Receive Work Ceifificdtes
To Attend Holy Days
Just tear' the globe and anchor down. Cut out the eagle’s heart. Clad all of us in olive drab. And split us far apart.
Take our two-toned suits of blue. Reclaim our threadbare “greens,” But those traditions still belong To the United States Marines.
Belleau Woods, Chateau Thierry, St. Mihiel, The Argonne, Wake Island, Midway, The Solomons, Where have those memories gone?
Capital Proposes Combined Forces
’Tis better far to take our band And group us all alone (You’ll have to search the far-flung fronts You won’t find us af home.)
WASHINGTON: Against a background of momentous reports from the Solomons, Capital Hill focused its attention Friday on a proposition td^^evamp the fighting forces, Washington war-time agencies, and, moreover, Congressional procedure, all aimed at greater military striking power- Overshadowing all other proposals was that to combuie the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps into a single co-ordi-nated fighting force, wearing one type pf uniform and directed by one commander.
Then give us all the guns we need With cartridges to spare. And send us to Japan itself To make a landing there.
Beneath the Cannons’ thunderous roar On hot and bloody sands. While “Wildcats” strafe from us above Let Leathernecks make their stand.
When the “Devil-dog” insignia Waves o’er Nippon’s shore Then let the Gods of War decide The disbandment of our Corps.
resulted in Bastille Day. After
year at sea he lesigned from the -vvear an oversea’s cap
navy, in order to accept an appoint
ment as a 2nd Lieutenant in the efgcacy of his conveying ideas.
Field Artilleiy of the Regular
Army on the same day.
, Just before the fiist Woild War
Service Men And Wives
Army Show
Arrangements which will permit AST trainees of Jewish faith to attend seivices fpr the pending High Hoi/Days have been completed and announced by Rabbi Meyer H. Simon and Capt. C. A. McFadden, Army religious officer. Two distinct schedules, which will permit men to worship in the manner they wish, have been worked out. Orthodox services will be conducted at the Sons of Abraham Congregation by Rabbi Aaron Gorbaty on the two days of Rosh Hashonah and on Yom Kippur. Rabbi Simon will conduct reform services at Temple Israel. Rosh Hashonah, the Hebrew New Year 5704, begins at sundown Sept. 29 and continues until sundown October l.^Refoi'm worshippers observe only one day. Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, commences at sundown Oetpber 8 and terminates at sundown on the 9th. Battery commanders have been authorized to issue passes to men which will excuse them from classes and study periods that conflict with the hours deVoted for worship. In individual cases, depending upon the jurisdiction of the battery commander, men with high scholastic standings who live within reasonable distances of Lafayette and who wish to observe the holidays with their families, will be granted extmded passes which will permit them to do so.
United Nations Victory
To Attend Movie Convo
Anyone who has gone to Battalion Headquarteis must have seen Col Hicks, alternately jovial and
Lt. Hicks, as a Mountain Artillery seiious, woiking at his desk The ^Officer, was a member of the ex- lack of graying hair and the silver pcditionary force that went to Veia leaf quickly identify him. |Ci'UZ, Mexico in 1914. When the The stoiy is told of an AST great war came along. Captain tiainee who wanted an extension of S idks^ went to Fiance and was at- his week end pass because his folks ched to the G-2 section of the weie having an anniversary. All the '^Irii'd'Corps. By the end of the war soldier asked foi was three hours, jit jWas Lt.-Colonel Hicks, but that but the Colonel, understanding the was only the beginning of a long situation, gave the man leave till j^rmy career which was to take him six a m. Monday moining to allpaits of the United States and Having been aiound the woild, tlm world. Colonel Hicks has made a collection From 1921-23 Col. Hicks was a of lugs, di'apes and all soits of ar-
“Piesenting Lily Mars” -yvill be the motion picture for service men and their wives at the Music Hall Friday evening, according to Captain S. Naismith, Battalion lecreation officer. The film features Judy Garland and "Van Heflin in the lead loles. A cartoon and newsreel will lound out the program.
(Continued from page 1) alscvpeer into a typical dormitory, if such there be, at the University. Salute Marine And Navy Men Further on, there will be a studied salute to the marines and navy men on the campus—and on the way and all through—there will be quick nods to the coeds, among others.
No announcement has been received from the Navy and Marine authorities on arrangements for V-12 personnel but such an' announcement is expected within a day or so.
This is only a small sample of the proceedings; there’s enough on hand to keep things moving for a few hours.
tides of various nations. His Chinese collection is most complete and Intel esting. Colonel and Mrs. Hicks live with their two children in the white house neai the first tee of the golf couise .11 West Lafayette.
Enter
^xjfxomjnL Ssjwxxjl TykriSu £&ajjdtij^ Qonisi&L
ARMY—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms IVAVY, MARINES—Leave Photos in Room 137 W. Cary Hall
ALL SERVICEMEN—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Talent Unearthed A considerable store of talent has been unearthed during the I’ehearsals. Many of the actors, and more of the writers, directors and technicians have had a good deal of experience in college and little theatre shows. Thus, Pfc. William Wellborn, general director Jerry Koetting’s right hand man—Bill is in charge of skits and continuity—began in show business at L.S.U., and continued through little theatre work thereafter right up to his induction; thus, too, stage manager, otherwise Pfc., Robert Henry, and T/5 Sol Gellman, the scenic artist. Chorus 'Trainod [ A vocal chorus, prominent both in skits and in song, has been tiained to a fine edge by T/5 Frank Numbers, Along with thenv line coach Geison Friedlander has been getting his dancing chorus all set, and should provide a reasonable amount of surprise. The show has a goodly number of soloists spotted heie. Top Sgt. Harvell Torrence, coming on for an audience pf jaded peifotmeis, has been getting loud hands at rehear-
CancellaHons Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock, noon, September 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. —DEAN OP MEN.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
sal after rehearsal with his tap dancing. Another reputed showstopper is Pvt. Robert Berardi, with his accordion. Pfc. Talbert Lavine, chief M.C., has assembled a whole crew of aides.
Work Behind scenes Behind the scenes, even greater heioics haVe been taking place. Faced with a fabulous list of fantastic props. Pvt. Robert L. Reed blanched not, but went light on getting. Helping him are Pvts. John Monz, Wesley McLean, R. L. Miller, Raymond Rickman, John McKillop and Arthur L. Hudson. Other worthies behind the performers are T/4 James Keenan, assistant overall director; Pfc. M. S. Joblin and Pvt. Leon Stevens, assistant stage mangers; and S/Sgt. David Repass, who helped Friedlander with the make-up.
Southworth’s
SiidJL ^yiswA. in,
A Book Store in the north end of town.
No More Extra Trips to the Village
★ Athletic SupJjlies ■h Books for all occasions ★ Stationary ★ Felt Goods
'A Miniature of Our Main Store" on State St.
STADIUM STORE
Northwestern at Stadium
The Allies won the first World War and lost the peace. The selfish “practical” nationalistic men won out in each nation and imposed a (peace that could not last. The peace table became a bargaining table; the League of Nations was aonttled before it was inaugurated by depriving it of the power to enforce its decisions; and each nation “realistically” withdrew behind walls of armor and water. Here in the United States, we, the most peace-loving country in the world refused to join the League of Nations and the World Court, though the League nor the Court could function successfully without support of the world’s greatest power. Those within our midst who preached blind selfishness won the day with their cries of “national sovereignty” and “foreign entanglements,” And we reaped, as result of their efforts, a second, more terrible World War. If Americans refuse to exercise American good-will and foresight at the coming peace table, onlythe blood of a third world war will coirect the mistake. Mistakes Must Be Corrected There is no reason other than blindness and stupid unrealistic selfishness for our refusal to cooperate with the rest of the world. History hks proved that the choice lies between a regular cycle of wars and a world system of international law. There is no other choice. We must not allow ourselves to be fooled again. There are those who hate our present leaders so much that they will fight any proposal favored by them. We cannot indulge in such self-defeating hate. If we are Republicans or Old Deal Democrats let’s be honest critics of the adminish’ation, disagreeing only on policies with which we disapprove. Let us not oppose everything and anything merely because the present administration favors it. A world Federation of United Nations is as necessary to save the lives of a Republican, Southern Democrat or a Communist. This issue is beyond party lines. The question is not, “Do I love Roosevelt?” Rather is it, “Do I love the lives of
American boys?”
We must learn from past mistakes. The League of Nations and the World Court have been proved right. True, a war did come about despite these two international agencies; but what clear-thinking, honest person denies that a League of Nations with power cduld not have avoided the present war! Those who persist in sacrificing American lives on the altar of prejudice are now trying to tell us that present plans to build a world federation levive the League of Nations—as if that, in some strange manner, argues against world union. Of course we are taking up where the League of Nations left off. The League failed because it lacked power to enfoice its decisions. When Japan flouted the League by entering China, war could not be stopped because the League could send no mihtaiy force to aid the invaded country. We know now that three agencies are necessary to preserve world peace and enhance world welfare. They are: (1) a CONGRESS OF UNITED NATIONS to establish laws for settling disputes between uncompromising nations; (2) a WORLD COURT to decide disputes according to these laws; and (3) an INTERNATIONAL PO-
LICE FORCE.
Recognize Insincere Objections When the un-Ameiican, blind hateis say that woild coopeiation is the old League with new diess, let us say, “So what, wise guy?” Let us also say that we insist on the new dress, the INTERNATION POLICE FORCE, in older to make the piesent plans work. We must/i?esolve to see through the objections of the msmceie, and do the light thing. It is our duty to coopeiate in a post-wai union of
Certificates will be awarded to all soldiers successfully completing prescribed work in the Army Specialized Training Program, the AST Division of the Army has just announced.
Intended as a reward for satisfactory completion of training, the certificate is also expected to aid trainees m securing credits towards a degree if they wish to continue collegiate work, on either an undergraduate or a graduate level. The face of the certificate will bear a distinctive device of the ASTP, and will state both the course of study pursued and the universite-W college at which work was doi^^/n On itsl^rse side, the certificate will Ipvp the specific curriculum number and the number of terms completed. The Advisory Committee of the ASTP, made up of a group of prominent college executives, states that all curricula of the program are at the college undergraduate-or graduate levels. It is accordingly anticipated that appropriate college credits will be granted to all soldiers completing ASTP courses when and if they return to college as civilians after the termination of their military service.
V-12 Basketball /
CO. E., U.S.M.C.R.
Player Selbold, f Halpin, f Fraser, e Kennedy, g Davis, g Alexandar, f Elliott, f Stromel, c-f Lundy, g Walley, g Kriesle, f
B F S 0
1 . 4 . 5 1 0 5 . 1 0 2 . 0
Totals
26 3
Co. B., U.S.N.R. Player " B F Waters, f ... ,30 Crites, f .10 Schmidet, e 6 1 Bennett, g 10 0 Siamon, g , . 3 0 Hadden, f 1 0 SamulojWity, f , 10 Waters, f .00 King, c 0 0 Wallace, g 0 0
Total
25 1
V-12 IM Schedules
Navy Softball Thursday, Sept. 23, 1943 Diamond—14— B 1 vs. B 2 15— B a vs. B 8 16— B 4 vs. C 2 17_B 6 vs. B 7 18— C 1 vs. C 5 19— C G vs. C 8 20— D 1 vs. D 3 21— D 2 vs. M 7
Sigma Alpha Mu
. . . social fiaternity, announces the initiation of the following men: D. Noiman De Woskin, St. Louis, Mo,; Stanley J. Marcus, East Chicago; Lionel Minnen, Cape Girardeau, Mo ; and Nat Rivkm, Chicago, Illinois.
the World’s United Nations,—not to fish around for non-existent excuses for deserting our duties. With honest effoit we can meet problems and solve them. Insincere objections are intended only to discourage honest effoit lest the hypocrisy of the ob-
jeetois be disposed.
KNOW THIS, AMERICA: IT IS (EASIER TO SUCCEED THAN TO SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES
OF NOT TRYING.
Insipcere objections to world cooperation can always be raised. What we need is sincere determination to do that which is necessary.
Southworth*s •
Attention All S.AE.’s
All members of Sigma Alpha Epsilon in the Army, Navy and Marines ore invited to attend a Smoker at the house at 416 N. Chauncey St., Sunday Afternoon, September 26th, at 4 P. M.A: If A
'hi %
w; 4 < t
iPe^i
'; '' ‘ "'^ '"■' 5 :^ >, 4-
V N '* <- '^ \ ^
BoUennaket: Sports ,i'hu?8dayf September 23f 1943
'^''h
Hall To Present Cannon At Riveter-III ini Game
Trophy Will Provide Additional Rivalry
Grandstand Echoes " By Ray Smith
Beers' Boxers Move Judges' 18:04 Into Final Rounds Leads Runners
State Road School
Officials Plan Meet
PAPER ON SUNDAY
Seveial people have asked us why theie was no account of the Gi^t
To the famous trophies of ancient football rivalries, such as
the Little Brown Jug, Ilhbuck and the Old Oaken Bucket, will Lakes game m the last issue of the paper We felt that since theie was ^ no papei pimted until Tuesday the news would be stale fnfmo
Of Tourney Drills In Time Trials
be added the “Purdue” cannon October 2, when Quincy A. Hall, University of Illinois alumnus presents a small muzzleloader of the early 1900’s to Athletic Directors Doug Mills of
Illinois and Guy Mackey.
In the futuie
the paper will appeai; on Sunday instead of Satuiday, and we intend to bung the leaders a full coveiage of all games
Meet
The Team
The trophy will be presented between halves of the Illinois game and will be awarded to the winner. Each year, thereafter, the “Purdue” can-
non will be an additional incentive Bj Paul Garber
in Illini-Boileimakei battles Anothei of Illinois’ contiibutions towered into a cloud-spotted blue sky.
Stoi-y of the cannon is typical of to the Boileimakeis, via the Navy
MEMORY OF THE GAME LINGERS
Although the Gieat Lakes contest has been ovei foi seveial days the memoiy of it lingeis in oui memoiy Not only weie we foitunate to view an excellent ball game, but we saw a ball game played in as beautiful a setting as we have evei seen The thing that we lemembei most cleaily about the setting was the flag that was flying from a tall white pole on the east side of the field The flag could not have had a moie beautiful backgiound than the old brick Administration building which
football iivaliies in eailv days of College Tiaining Piogiam, is Wells GREAT LAKES HAS NEW STADIU3I
the spoit The cannon made its first Eugene Ellis, behemoth-like foot- Last Satuiday’s game was the second evei played in the Sailoi s staditiip to Illinois in 1906 V hen a gioup ball playei, nicknamed by both urn that was completed just a few weeks ago Attendance at games played of Riveter fans biought It along to fnend and foe, “Tiny” Weighing in the station is limited to the Naval peisonnel stationed at Great Lakes, fire in celebiation of a Boileimakei 230 pounds, “Tiny” substantially and then invited guests Pait of the stadium is new and pait of it was victory incieaseb the effectiveness of the Boiiowed from the University of Chicago The entire stadium is made
„ , of wooden bleachers, and is equipped with a press box and ladio booths Cannon Neier Fired . , i. i
The Riveters von, 29 0, but the
cannon was nevei fired The looteis had hidden the gun in a culvert near old Illinois Field, where it vas discovered by Hall and a group of Delta Upsilon brothers, and immediately confiscated The cannon remained in possession of the D U house for a number of veais, until Hall removed it to his farm near Milford, 111 There the relic gathered dust and age, came through a bain fire, and finally rested in the attic of Hall’s home until a few year s ago when he suggested it be presented as a trophy for Illinois-Boileimaker grid rivalry First Game Since 1921 Since Illinois had not met the Gold and Black in football since 1931, presentation Was delayed un til this year when the Illini resume grid relations with then aich basketball rivals Fight for the cannon this year assumes added significance since
LINE WILL STOP MARQUETTE RUNNING To move on to next Saturday’s game with Marquette, we feel that the team is in for more trouble than it had last week end, becahise the Hilltopper’s victory over Wisconsin was not a mistake They showed that their main power lies in the running attack We are sure of one thing, and that is that Bauman, Gems, Agase, DeFihppo, Baiwegen, Kasap and Buscemi are going to halt that attack and bring anothei victory back
to the campus
SEE THE TEAM LEAVE Tomorrow night vhen the 6 o’clock train leives we expect to see all the students down at the station to give a team that really deserve it, a rousing send off Let’s see everyone there to show the team that we are with them even thought it is impossible for us to travel with them
HERE AND THERE It was sure a treat to watch Cec Isbell tossing a few passes during practice this week He seems to throw those long ones with no effort at all Don’t forget the broadcast of the game direct from Milwaukee Satuiday night at 7 46 over station WBAA We find that Stan Dubicki kicked a 45 yard field goal for Shuitleff College last season The green Lakehiiist Navy eleven, coached by Lt Commander Mai Elwaid suffered a 61 12 setback in then season opener Russ Lipes says that the score of Saturday’s game will be 13 12, but we believe that the Boilermakers will win by at least one touchdovn
WELLS ELLIS
Coach Ray Eliots young^^and un- powerful Riveteis line whenever he tried squad will tackle a strong is m his tackle position Riveter team on which a galaxy of ^ails from Washington, IlliIllini 1942 stars appears nois, where he starred for his high Illini Captain Elect John Gems school team for four years He and Mike Kasap vill be at tackles played tackle for this team and has for the Boilermakers, Alex Agase, since been plajing the same posi-All-Amor lean at guaid, and Tony tion, receiving lecognition on the Butkovich at fullback All State team He received an ath Frank Bauman and Bill Buscemi, letic scholaiship to George Wash ends on Illinois’ undefeated fiosh ington University, but instead vent squad last season, will be at the to the University of Illinois, prefer wing posts and six other Illini can- ring to play vith them He played didates or 1942 are on the Boiler- for two veais under Coach Zuppke, maker squad before being transferred to the Uni Quincy A (Buddy) Hall, donor veisity under the V 12 program of the “pilfered” cannon was grad- “Tiny” Ellis is a happy fellow and uated from the University of Illi- like all men his size loves nothing nois College of Engineering in 1907 better than to have a good hearty Following seven yeais’lwoik as an laugh He likes the Univeisity, both engineer in Panama, Hall went to for the \aiiety of courses offered St Paul, Minn , where he was a and for the beauty of the landscape consulting engineer for 25 years. He is studying to be a Metalluigical He now owns and operates two Engineei and he does get good farms near Milford, 111. grades Some of the muscles “Tiny”
IM Schedules
Eiaternity Softball Ihuisdaj, Sept 23, 1943 Diamond—■ 1—F,^culty vs Tau Epsilon Phi 2—Kappa Psi vs Sigma Nu 3—Phi Phi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 5'—^Theta Xi vs Sigma Chi
Football Schedule Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct 9"—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There
With but a week and a half to go, Coach Beers’ boxers have completed their elementary drill, and are now in the midst of the more complex strategy used in the act of boxing. The coach is well satisfied with the appearance, and also the condition, of the squad The intramural boxing tournament will start in the month of October, with the first eliminations taking place on October 1, the second elimination on the 11th and the finals to be held on October 22, in the Fieldhouse The Fieldhouse will be set up with the ring situated in the center of 600 ringside seats Chief Loft, arranging the program, IS making contacts to have the Navy band, and also a celebrity to referee the bouts, at the swing festival At the workouts, which are held daily on the boxing deck in the Fieldhouse, several boxers have been developing latent power and ability Don McMillen, 176 pounder, has been proving deadly in his use of the old, tried and proven, onetwo combination, A Aeine, 145 pound entry, has demonstrated his ability in the use of fast uppercuts, and strong infighting, Ted Owens, 155 pounder, developed a lethal left lab, while Don Heile, 160 pound boxer, is fast picking up a good knowledge of defense strategy Out of the 65 boxers that have entered the fray. Coach Beers hopes to develop a team to meet other colleges and service teams Great Lakes, Camp Atterbury, Ft Benj Harrison, Culvei, Valparaiso Univeisitv, Wabash, DePauw and others are in the way of his prospective eye The turnout of competitois shows that boxing interest is great on the Riveters’ campus, and certainly the student body, en masse, should show up for some fine entertainment and instiuction in the art of fisticuffs
Coach Hermon Phillips in an effort to condition his cross-country men, has been drilling them, in three and a half-mile runs this past week On an average, 22 men have been turning up for each practice session, and although the men are not yet m condition, some very fine runs have been made in the time
ti lals
Although no definite dates have been set, several meetk have been planned for the cross country squad this season Six men will be chosen to represent the squad in each meet Among the more promising runners so far this season are Tom Judge, a V-12 from Indiana, Ed Ericson, sophomore, Ed Bielle, a V-12 from Illinois, Ma\infeld, Exlei, and Haines Time Trials Each Wednesday Time trials are held each Wednesday night over a strenous three and one half-mile course The results of the time trials held last night are as follows Judge 18 04, Ericson 18 15, Mannfeld 18 24, Bielle IS 61, Peterson 19 13, Ochstein 19 25, Kennedy 19 33, Price 19 53, Davis 20 22, Young 20 30, Wahl 20 40, Neilson 21 00, Waif 21 22, Rhodes 21 34, Zion 22 31, Jones 22 40, West 22 43, McLaughlin 24 00 The track team has also been holding time tiials, the 220 dash, half-mile, and low huidles being held last night, with the field events remaining to be timed to-
night
Preliminary arrangements for the annual Indiana road school to be held at th6 University in January will be made by representatives of the Indiana State Highway Department, and of various highway officials and road building contractors. The group will meet here on October 2, upon the invitation of Prof.
R B Wiley
Prof Kenneth B Woods will be in charge of the road school this year Prof Woods is assistant director of the joint highway research project which is being conducted by the University in cooperation with the State Highway Department He will replace Capt Ben H Petty, former head of the road school. Capt. Petty IS on leave of absence for
military duty
Classified Ads
Typewriters* Addinii; macnines, all make# sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Ebershoffi 606 Main, ijafayotte Phone 2779
Money to I.K)an On diamonds, watches, ^uns luRgijfo typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriter service 69^3
C L Gunkte. Phone
Wanted—Purdue students to work Thursday and Saturday cvcninjrs as waiters Exptiicncc not necessary Good pay and short hours Elks Club Apply Frank Lenihan
Wanted—Youhl worn in or young man who lb l student or exempt from service with some newspapei experience for work on local newspaper Call 7700
Lost—Prcacnption ground sunglasses in WRH ladio loom Contact Morce Worley 01 Wood Hill office
Reward for return of blue Parker pencil N ime liarbai i Riescr on barrel Call 3964
Buy War Bonds
lost—RIack and gray Parker pen Leave at Exponent office for reward
For Sale—Icnnu tovci Call 614 4
racket with press and
Puidue Univeisity got an unexpected blackout this summei when the campus’ first an laid siien was being tested By a stiange coincidence, the campus powei plant failed just as the siien test was about to begin'
Waid Softball Ihiirsdai, Sept 23, 1943 0—Chauncey vs Waid 1 7— Glide Pines vs Waid 2 8— Owen vs Waul 4 9— International House Waid 5 10— Waid 13 vs Waid 6 11— Waid 11 vs Waid 8 12— Rochdale vs Waid 9 13— Dover vs Ward 12
The Univeisity of Pittsbuigh, j
oldest dialteied institution of high- ' Duy War Bonds And Stamps
Cl learning west of the Alleghenies and north of the Ohio iivei, was founded in 1787 as the Pittsburgh Academy In 1819, the school leceived a second chaitei undei the name, Western Univeisity of Penn sylvania In 1908, the University le-
ceived its present name
Wanted—Student. Part-time
help—call in person.
University Drug Store
for your dresser top
ene
ope
the new polish set by La Cross
mi.
Meet Penelope whose stern and snout Are really most adorably stout
The th ngs that account for her untrammeled swell Are La Cross Polish Base Coat and Remover as wolM
She s beautiful too Painted all over With b g cabbage roses Or sweet blooming clover
Toiletries — Street Floor
Notices
All Students Did you order a 1 M, Debris’ If you did pick it up at the Debris office Last chance-—take it or leave it —BUSINESS MANAGER
has aie due to the summeis spent woiking in a foundry, toting aiound lots of sand foi the casting proc-
esses
When questioned as to the way these tiainees fiom othei schools weie being treated, he stated that the fellows couldn’t be treated any better He, as does the majoiity ot
Camera Club All persons having lockers
in the Union darkrooms will please sign the the team, llkes the way Coach BlUll-
Bheet at West Desk of the Union if jou ex-
pect to keep them UnaBsigned locker will ham IS handling the men At last
be broken into Sept 2-) —JORDAN
week’s game against Great Lakes,
Seventh Term ME f, and AE s It is time he said “Bill nliam 1 Gaily had them
lor JOU to begin having emplovment inter
views Secure thr following mateiial from hoppmg* With eneigy and the Splllt Miss Hacker in the ME Office 1 Interview .linwn rcic i n ilU inioinfieont m procedure sheet 2 Company list P< bllOWll was ieaU\ magniticent In quest for InterMcw caid 4 Confidential View ot file fact that SO many ot the
fellows aie fiom different schools
Faculty Reeommenddtiun foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for inters i i notices —BOLii
Them 1 and C hem 1 Intrasession Stu dents Those carolled mav obtain houi t(st IV by calling at general rhcmi trv office Chtm Annex room 12 before Sept 30 -BOYK
Phi Gamma Delta Those in aimj navy marines iilease call 6028 anv time this week —CAMERON
“The Coach has leally done a fine lob in knitting this team into one of the finest in the nation ” Ellis, although ho did not get into the Gieat Lakes game, hopes to get into the games in the lutuio, espe cially the one against Ohio State
SltCHS h
Aeromodelers Model aiiplone contest will be held Sundav Sei t 26 instead of ineor reel date as reported m ia'-t issue of Exponent LDirORS
To AH Army Naw and Marine Members of Sigma Alpha Fpsilon Smoker next Sun dav Sept 26 at 4 p m at SAE hoU'>( JONES
L'*hers md Police Civ ill in students wish w rl it f (thill g m s i iishci (i oJiee iijlv it 1 (m 101 Heivilon HUl
!)(!(i( S pt S^^DI PS
Senior Chem and Mets Important meet ing of all seventh and eighth semester sen ion, to discuss plans fe r Sfiut parade Meet in room 111 of (hem and Met building at
4pm Thur&dav Sej t 2
BRPMTR
the 1
1 fl
vho worleel fji llie t mi te I m Registr i ( h (1 bv calling u blONL
Sehior Cord Parade Committee will be a meeting ol this eemmitte
posed of those chosen to organize th(ir re
flpcetive schools hridaj alteinojn tl 4
the Student Senate offie —GlOVhR
Students ( nditi nal e \ tmin ilions in mathemiti s 1 ir r moval f guide 2 will be h id Situidiv S I t( mb i it 1 10 p m ij tl Reeiliti t I 111 iinj t m ^18 (el Jlicre jeimit t th m ith m lus iffie n 1 litei teom than 1 i d > i i A\RI S
All Senior Women Mass meeting to detei mine pwifoim dress for Senior Cord Parade Thursday Sept 23 at 4 in the WestFaeultj Lounge ol the Unien JHOMPbON
KLLP ihib fact in mind good dry cleaning positively prolongs the life of gaiments Dirt that is allowed to aceu mulate detcnoiates fabric So send your fall diesses to us now for a thoiough lejiise nation Then call us regularly throughout the sefison to keep them smait and new like
All Electrical Engineering Students C N Heiykr will spe ak on Radi j T leejiu nev Heating at in AJTh me ding Jhursdav Sipt 23 4i 7 iO All students an invited te> attend tspeeiallj junioi md s )j)h >more Eh » Jlefushine nt'' will b s( r\ d SMIiH
Exponent HorkerK Ih u vsill be m im purtant nueting of all fushrmn and sopho mores on the editorial stiff Ihiisd j aft i noon feepl 23 at 4 jn the Exponent oifiee PJeuM be prompt as this melting is (f (x tl mi impurtauee ( IH FDIKJHS
Mr A H Jolinaon PI Hxponeut effue and (lair Om« ga k< V he 1< ft he h
M AA ( oufuil M 4 in the WAA office
Ills alteinoon at BUACKMAN
Dry, Sensitive Skin?
TREATED WITH MILK SOLIDS AND LANOLIN-FOR EXTRA MILDNESS!
If your skin is dry and sepsitlve,'if you've despaired of finding a soap that would cleanse completely, gently, without drying . try ARIDERMA'
It 5 a fine toilet soap mild with milk solids, extra rich with the pure lanolin your
skin needs.
made extra*
SOAP CHEST
75i complete with 5 cakes Just pin It up! Open “drawer'
“I'VE SCUTTLED MY PEN TROUBLES WITH PARKER
QUINKI THE SOLV-X IN IT
PROTECTS METAL AND RUBBER. THAT’S VITAL NOW WHEN PENS AND REPAIR PARTS ARE SO TERRIBLY SCARCE"
Skortage of pens is increasing!
move one cake, another falls into
place ready lor use!
Toiletries — Street Floor
Z(nc^c^.„zid£, Qiu/n/i
"T^ROTECT your pen, or you IT may have to do without' ’ says Uncle Sam Government rulings have radically cut production of all fountain pens — especially first choice brands Repair parts, too, aie dwindling Now IS the time to switch to protective Parker Quink Smooth-writing, bulliant It’s the only ink with solv \
Soli) X stops most pen troubles before they sti^rt It pre vents metal corrosion and the wrecking of lubber caused by high acid inks Solr x ends clogging and gumming .. chans yoH) pen as it writes' Parker Quink w ich Solv x is ideal for steel pens, too' The Parker Pen Comp iny, Janesville, Wisconsin, and Toronto, Canada
FOR V<‘>— MAIL "Micro-film Black." Pat hi Qnmk nt Mmofilm Blaik pbotopap/js peifeith' It ts jet black—ukul fm evuy use Quink comes in 7 permanent colon Mtoo film Black, Blue Black, Ro)al Blta, Green, Violet, Blown, Rul 2 washable colon Black, Blue PamI'y size 251 Other sizes, ISj: and up MAKE YOUR DOLLARS FIGHT—BUY WAR BONDS NOW!
PARKER QumA:
THE ONLY INK CONTAINING SOLV-X
SOLV-X
1. Protects rubber .. lengthens tha life of sac or diaphragm. 2. Dissolves sediment and gum left by other inks. Cleans vour pen as it writes 3. Prevents clogging of feed. 4. Safeguards base metal parts... ^ 5. Assures quick starting and even at all times.
Ooiir 11141 hy rUoPutlut 1 i C »mi)ui y
V
y )