V ? J,
h I,
& i
i4
i4
I
^’*'2 t, V.
K'% -f I *•
i'f ‘ *
®hc Puriut TSxfianent
Publi0li6d D0ily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUBIE XLVnX
No Tickets Available For Fraternity Presidents* Ball
WSGA Approves 2 O’clock Hours
“All 360 tickets for the Fraternity President’s Ball, to be held from 9 to 1 tomorrow night in the Memorial Union ballroom, have been sold,” W. E. Winter, dance committee chairman, announced last night. A1 Kavelin, graduate of the Royal Verdi Conservatory in Milan, Italy, whose orchestra recently completed successful engagements at the Book Cadillac Hotel in Detroit and the Mayfair Room of the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago, is playing the four-hour engagement. Greek King The orchestra will be accented against a highly colored background depicting a Greek king, and employing numerous other schemes to carry out the fraternity theme. Lighted fraternity shields and crests will Also be tised in the decoration. Dance programs will be given out at the ballroom door tomorrow night. W. S. G. A. has granted coeds 2 o’clock hours for the night of the dance, which is to be formal.
“P” Men To
Meet Sunday
In order to form an active campus organization of ‘P’ Men, C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson has arranged iot~. a meeting of all major lettermen to be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 3 p. m.
Sunday.
All ‘P’ Men on the campus or liv--ing in or near vicinity are asked to attend the meeting. Noble Kizer will preside.
Tau Epsilon Phi
Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity announces the pledging of Arthur H. Levin, of Gary, Indiana.
February 11, 1937 COLLEGE is a great place . . . and just to show hoW smart the collegian is, here’s the “collep dictionary” as printed in the Villanovian. —30— Symmetry—A place where dead people are buried. Martyr—A mixture of sand and cement. (C. E. 31) Nerts—A doctor’s assistant. Acquire—A group of church singers. Balm—A hobo (you are a dirty balm) Acme—^To question (Acme a question). Carbon—Where they keep street
. Three-cornered baby’s
cars.
Dipper
clothing. Pinnacle—A poptdar card game. Test Tube—^Free sample of tooth
paste.
Pest—Opposite of “future.” Atoms—Second President of the
United States.
Zinc—Place where you wash the
baby.
Senor—Sound made while sleep-
ing. ..
Epistle—Weapon used by gang-
sters.
Orchids—Small children. (Your kids ore cute, but orchids are cuter). 'Culture—To apprehend. (“I’ve culture, you rati”) .. Hollow—The first '^d spoken in a telephone conversation Satisfactory—A building. (“That building across the street, satisfactory t”) OF course, this could go on for'ever, but a halt must be called somewhere... w^O"—** YOU seniors who are lookl^ for jobs might look eleswhere in today’s Issue for ‘Employment Nows,’ a condensed list of companies coming to the campus to intervieUr seniors .. .
Union Issues Call For A^ore Freshman Workers
According to an announcement made last night by 'tlTalt Scholar, Student Union executive, freshmen who desire to work on the Union must come to rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Corps Carnival Scheduled
For March 17
Program Features Kegimental Drill, Calisthenics, Parade
The University R. O. T. C. unit is now preparing for the bi-annual Military Carnival which has been scheduled for March 17 from 7 to 9 p. m. A review of the whole corps including a mounted battalion will
start the evening off.
President Elliott will review the corps, the program continuing with a regimental drill by the first P. F. A., calisthenics to music by the fourth P. F. A., and a regimental parade by the third P. F. A. Other points of interest in the program Will include a drill by the Zouaves, battle scenes, howitzer drill, and a concluding illuminated
drill.
Employment News
Mr. M. M. Boringr of the 'engineerine department Of the General Electric Company of Schenectady, \rill be here February 15, 16, and 17 to interview Mechanical and Electrical Engineering seniors. Mr. M. h. Frederick, Supervisor of Business Training of the Genet^ Electric Company, will be here March 16 and 17 to interview seniors interested in sales and business training with the General Electric
Company,
The seniors interested in engineering will interview the representative of the company in their respective schools. Those interest^ in business training will be called from the Personnel Office for interviews from those recommended by the heads or personnel representatives of the schools.
Mr. C. W. Beese, Industrial Engineer for the Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, will be here February 16 to interview mechanical engineering seniors for production and industrial engineering work. His first preference is for those who have specialized in the industrial engineering section and secondly, those who want to go into production and industrial engineering. Those interested please sign up in Professor Young’s office for consideration
Change Playshop Production Date
“Both Your Houses,” Playshop production formerly scheduled for February 19 and 20, will be presented in Duncan Hall February 18 and 19 instead. The change was made to accomodate those students wishing to attend the MinnesotaPurdue basketball game. Ticket sales will begin next Monday aftemon at 4 in the Playshop ticket booUi in the Memorial Union Building.
First PIA Hike i Set For Saturday
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THUBBBAY, FEBBUARY11,1987
NtnfitifiEiBt
P. I. A. members will hold their first hike of the season Saturday at two p. m., starting frpm the west entrance of the Memorial Union Building. The hike will be held regardless of the number atending, and regardless of the weather or the temperature.
Literary dub Sponsors Guest Meeting Tea Today
The American Literary Club will hold a guest meeting tea ih the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 2:80 this afternoon. Mrs. Roy Street will be in charge of the program: music will be fnm ished during the afternoon. The chairman is Mrs. Gilbert Wilson.
SkitSf Songs^ Fun On ^Independent) NighF Program
“Independent Night,” the first of a series of four programs to be given by the P. I. A., will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 8 o’clock, and will be open to all who wish to attend. The program wilt include the two plays “Tobacco Alley,” by William M. Randall, and “Tempered Justice,” by Fred Verber. “Tobacco Alley” “Tobacco Alley,” is a humorous production set in Carolina mountains, while “Tempered Justice” has its action built around a court scene. The P. I. A. orchestra will furnish music for the program, comedians Joe Quinlan and Bill Alexander will maintain continuity through the evening, and the guest artist Dick Craig will sing.
Seek Market For Flood Corn
County Agents Asked To Help Salvage Grain
T. A. Coleman, University acting director of Agricultural Extension, has Called upon all Indiana county agricultural agents to help salvage and attempt to sell several hundred thousand bushels of com that were inundated during the recent Ohio River flood.
County agents outside the flo^ section should communicate immediately with County Agents J. F. Hull, Evansville; O. B. Riggs, Mt. Vemon or P. K. Connelly, Rocl^ort, concerning the need of feed in their section.
Anson Weeks For Saturday Night Mixer
Pass Judgement On Two Student Honesty Cases
Drop Junior E» E, From Vvdverdty^ Astern MochanUml Addittomd Three Hours For Graduodon
Two student dishonesly cases, in which the offenses oecnrred just prior to the final examination pmriod, have been etmdxuSed, and the recommendations of the committee for the pramotuMa of student honesty accepted by the executive ccnnmittee of the faculty. A junior electrical engineer was dropped from the
University and a
ANSON WEEKS
Anson Weeks and his nationally famous orchestra will be on the campus to play for the regular weekly mixer in the Memorial Union bsdlroom from 9 to 12 Saturday night, student Union officials announced last night. Weeks appeared on the campus once before this year to play for the Blanket Hop, the Friday night preceding the Indiana University football game. Weeks came here then having just completed his second season in Chicago, alternating between the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms. The regular admission price of One dollar per couple will be charged.
Oderkirk To Speak Before Ag Group
At the next meeting of the Entomology Club Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in the Agricultiffe Hall, Mr. G. C. Oderkirk, of the Bureau of Biological Survey in the United States Department of Agriculture, will discuss the importance of the control of mice and rates in tl)e farm, home and orchard.
Mr. Oderkirk will illustrate his lecture with descriptive slides concerning the damage done by these pests and showing how to identify them.
AChS To Hear
Carotene Lecture*
Dr. Harry N. Holmes, chairman of the Oberlin College chemistry department, and graduate of Johns Hopkins University, will speak on “Vitamin A And Cnrotene” in an address at the February meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society at 7:30 tonight in room 106 of the Chemistry Building.
AIChEToHear
Paper Expert
F. M. Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Co., will give an illustrated lecture on the manufacturing processes used in the paper industry at a meeting of the A. I. Ch. E. at 4 p. m. this afternoon in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. R. H. Chandler will preside over this open meeting, which promises to be one of the most interesting so far presented.
Church Group Plans Entertainment
senior me-
chanical engineering student has been assessed an additiemal three hours of work for his
graduation.
Laboratory Data The senior admitted copying laboratory data while making up an experiment in an electrical engineering course outside of class hours. He was caught when his instructor noticed that he had used direct current instruments in connection with an alternating current machine, which would make it impossible to perform an eiqieriment. The student declared that he was under great pressure since he was trsdng to complete the semester’s work in a very short time, but the committee nevertheless assessed him three additional hours of work. He failed the coiuse involved, but not because of his dishonesty. Copies Lecture Notes The junior student admitted copying lecture demonstration notes in an electrical engineering course, defending his attitude by the declaration that this is a customary practice. Although the offense was considered trivial, the student was dropped from the University because of his previous record, this offense being taken as ftnidier evidence of his unfitness as a student. He had previously been dropped from the University three times for scholastic deficiencies, and was readmitted on each occasion. This was the second time he had appeared before the committee on charges of dishonesty, having been convicted of cribbing last year. A third case, in which a student was found guilty by the committee on charges of possessing a crib in a final examination, has not yet been approved by the executive committee. It will probably be available for publication next week.
Tomato Men Crown 1936 Champion^
PFesent Medals, Awards At Oosing Banquet Bi
Ballroom
With the crowning of the new members of the Indiana famibr of “tomato royalty” at the annual canners and fieldman’s banquet in fhe ballroom of the Memorial Union Building last night, the two conference on tomato canning and* production methods came to a dose. Winners Mike Hauersperger led Ike group of 3,462 in Lidiana’s new Double Tonnage Tomato Club with a yidd of 18.5 tons per acre. Second j^ace went to John L. Yoder with 12.5 tons of tomatoes per acre. A total of 270 gold, silvar, and bronze medds were presented to the growers making the outstanding records during the ps»t ymKr. The club is sponsored by the agricultural extension department of the University.
YWCA To Show Spring Fashions
Dancing, games, entertainment, and refreshments are on the program for the Westminister Foundation’s party which will be given Friday night at 8 o’clock. Open to all students, the party will be held in the Education Building of the Central Presbyterian Church located at Seventh and Columbia streets.
Tau Kappa Epsilon
Tau Kappa Epsilon social -fraternity announces the pledging of C. B. Neilson, South Bend.
Phone Call Ends Marriage Mystery Of Pi Phi Fern Botts And Beta Davis
By A. H. Forster
Brrring! Brring! The tdephone bel shattered the “quie^’ of the Pi Phi house late Tuesday night. “Long distance calling Fern Botts,” came the operator’s voice. “Hello, this is Fern speaking,” murmured the bashful Pi Phi. , “Fern Who ?” came the impatient words of Mrs. Botts from the Monon end of the wire. There was a long pause. “Fern Davis,” the Pi Phi
An eyeless species of spider was found recently in Xlades Cave in the Great Smoky Mountains nw’ tional park on the border of Nor^h Carolina and Tennessee.
“Well, you might let me know when you intend to get married,” Mrs. Botts replied.
Secret Out
The secret was out! Mrs. Botts in Monon had seen the announcement of her daughter’s marriage in the Lafayette paper and Fmm’s sorority sisWs had seen the same announcement after Walt Shealor had provided them with a paper. Fern had hidden the one delivered to the Pi Phi house. The bridegroom was Samuel Pa)>
rish Davis, senior mechanical and member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Pern and Parrish were married in Danville, 111., Saturday afternoon. Ernie Doke and Mary Rose Harlan, who were witnesses for the ceremony, were the only persons here who shared the couple’s secret until the phone call Tuesday night. Wedding Ring When Fern knew the secret of her marriage was “out” she produced a gold engraved wedding ring that now adorns the proper finger of her left hand. Mrs. Davis was selected as one of the campus beauties last year. Mr. Davis will be remembered as the student who lost a cash award at a local theater by not being present when his name was called several weeks ago. Neither Mr, nor Mrs, Davis could bo reached by phone last night, but unofndal reports state that both will continue to live in their respective fraternity and ’sororitir houses.
Spring fashions -will be sho-wn at the Y. W. C. A. Valentine style show this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Peggy Hamilton, Betty Hiner, June Lippert, Sally McDermid, Pay Pendergrass, and Dorothy Jane Smijey will model street dresses, suits, and evening gowns from the Palais Royal. The fashions will be described by Mr. R. E. Linder, a representative from the st<n:e. Sara Alice McIntosh arranged the program. Musical accompaniment will be furnished by Wilma Mayhill.
WRH To Give Tea Dance Saturday
Women’s Residence Hall will give a Valentine Tea Dance Saturday, from three to five o’clock. A buf fet supper will be served from five to six for the dancers. Appropriate decorations of red hearts and a sil< ver back drop have been planned for the occasion. Georgianna Baker is in charge of the dance committee.
Pi Kappa Pld Elects
Pi Kappa Phi fratmmitir announces the election of J. W. Castino, chaplain, and C. E. Hoffhmn, steward.
Job Outlook Is Brighter
Industrial concerns have developed an increased demand for University graduates in different business fields. Representatives fitom 26 concerns have already visitedi the campus to contact prospective June graduates in regard to emplojnnent,' as revealed in a report given out today by J. E. Walters, director of the personnel for the engineering schools. More Encouraging Even more encouraging titan the increasing demand for graduates was the rise in the average starting salary of the students who Imve already accepted positions. Thu average starting salary has been $124.33 per month as compared to $112.88 last year.
Slagle, Angert In Home Hospital
Edwin Slagle, 321 Vine was operated on for acute api^dicitis yesterday noon at the Home Hospital. Hospital authorities said Mr. Slagle’s condition -was better. Ruth Angert of the Women’s Residence Hall is under observation, an appendicitis operation pending on her condition this morning.
Dr. Gilbreth Recovm'
Dr. I^Uian Gilbreth, visiting professor of management, 1ms resumed her activities of interviewing students after being confined witil llio fiu at the Womm’s Residence HaU for a few days. She arrived at the Universitir February 3, but was apt able tb take up her d^es immedl* ately because of bmr illness.
EXPONENT BOARD
All members of the Exponent board are requested to meet Friday February 12, in the conferenra room of the Agrieub tural Experiment Station. Members of the electoral board are especially asked to be present. Pimmpi^ at 4 p, m. -HUNT.
Sigma Hd Epfiftim
Sigma Pbi EpsBon aunomiees tbs initiation of W. B. 8e<^ *33 ef Ft. Benning, Ga.: A.B, DaMM^ qib of Indianapolis: L. F. McNtilk *39i, of Rsrine, Wisconsin, Theyalsasiknouncft the pledspng qf WSi fterquharsoikt ’39, of Oaiy, Indiana.
AlriMCIdIMsai'rra
i
The Alpha Gld Omsip sararily announees tiie pted^dnc tit the lundng women* Neva Friekn, roe: and Mhri^ Ksmunig, Lati^ tiita.Dictatorship?
During the recent campaign a number of rabid Republicans intimated that President Roosevelt was aiming toward a dictatorship. These forecasts were brushed aside by most intelligent people, but the events of this month make one wonder if there wasn’t more truth in these assertions than was generally suspected. Very few people today believe that the president is attempting to establish a life-long dictatorship, because that would not be in accordance with his record, his expressed attitudes, or the American way of doing things. But the comment is often heard that Mr. Roosevelt will, if permitted, organize our government in such a way that dictatorship in the future would become more than a remote possibility. By giving the executive branch of the federal government more power than it should have, making it completely overshadow even congress, the president will set the stage for a virtual dictatorship. This may appear to be an exaggeration, but in reality it is not. If under the guise of liberalizing the constitution, the president knocks the supreme court out of the picture, the first step wfil have been taken. Then, by continuing the practice he has followed of virtually dictating legislation to congress, the second step will be taken. All that will then be necessary for dictatorship is to have an unscrupulous individual elected to the presidency. While President Roosevelt does not seem to be securing such a position for himself, he may be unwittingly preparing the path for someone else.
“Oh, Mrs. Simpson!” Rorke opened his mouth and, as the old saying goes, stulfed his foot into it. If you haven’t kept up on international events, Rorke, of the English Rorkes, is the radio comedian who received a stinging reprimand from the British Broadcasting Corporation for his “slurring” remark about Mrs. Wallis Warfield Simpson. The comedy program, of which Rorke was the star, ran smoothly until the chorus started a song about sex appeal which Rorke topped off with a lilting, “Oh, Mrs. Simpson!” The program was immediately cut off and was followed by an embarrassing silence, broken as an announcer said, “We apologize to all the listeners for the unfortunate lapse of taste which occurred earlier in the program.” We Americans can’t help but wonder how that smug British announcer would feel if he listened to Walter Winchell’s spicy sparks. Are we jumping to conclusions when we say he would be slightly shocked? The incident gives some idea of the rigorous radio censorship in England but whether such drastic governmental control is to be desired is another and a debatable question. Most of us will admit that some radio censorship would have relieved the strain on listeners during the election campaign of last fall when an unending line of mud slinging political orators and soothsayers paraded to the microphone. It is quite probable that steps will be taken to relieve this situation in future elections. However, few people want a censorship as rigid as the English one has proved to be. It shows that the English are too staid, too formal, and too correct to be healthy and happy. One point the radio incident seems to have
^utitue exponent
la 1881
1986 Member 1937 ASSOCIATED COLI^EGIATB PRESS Distribntors of COLUSGIATB DIGEST represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N Y. Chicago - Boston . SAN Francisco LOS ANGELES • Portland > Seattle
Satered as neond eUuui matter at the poet office, Lafayette. In4iaaa. DaUvered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by earner, $2.60 per year: sold by ainple eopy, 2 oenta.
MAIN OmCR-812 North Fifth Street Baalaeea Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
adtta».bHChM_
BDITOBIAL STAFF
. W. T. Hunt
Manayinp Editor. E. H. Morris Aaittlata Editor.— K, A. Barnette, J. E. Breek. A. H. Forster,
SophMaore Aasiatanto
MMar.
B. P. Manlon, G. L. Sadler
W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bidley, J. A. Chapin, 3. B. Clark, L- S. Hardin, C. D. Scbiooder, H. L Stanbaek, D. R. Vance
B. H. KeUogg, K. E. O’Neil,
WOHENnS STAFF
SdttoM.
. Helen Creech
Mrmttitfaf |buuUEer
.Jeanhe Janonsek, Doris McCa^ney,
Eilisabeth lE’yke
„...„3etty Barnett
BUSJNBSS STAFF
AdvertMne ManaserASwrgi^rMMuicer. -
JK. 3. Hulse — L. H. Brown —JD. G. Miller 3. P. Girard
SF0KT8 STAFF
„L.D.Wood MmuMa Wmmi—W. H. FMeM, S. B. GrUtitha, R. F. Obenehato
I, Stanbaek.
THE PURDUE EXPONEKT
proved quite conclusively it’s something the world has been suspecting for some time: that the English people as a whole lack a sense ofhumorl—A.H.P.
“Every Day, And-
99
Emile Coue had the right ideal Goue, you will remember, was the famous PYench psychotherapeutist of a few years ago who claimed that ideas which tend to cause illness and disease may be eliminated from the will by means of auto-suggestion. His formula for self-cure, “Every day, and in every way, I am becoming better and better,” is now proverbial. But Coue’s formula if reversed will tend toward the opposite effect. A month ago the Exponent printed a news story stating that a slight epidemic of flu existed on the University campus. Dr. Miller, of the student health service, reported that almost twice as many students called for cold treatments during the morning on which the story was run as on the previous morning. Ten days later another news story told that the flu epidemic was definitely on the decline. Now Dr. Miller declares that the number of cases of flu and colds brought to health service has decreased daily since the latter story.
R. P. M.
Relics Of The Past Exactly 14 days ago the first semester was completed. Only 4 days later the second semester began. As is generally the case, with the coming of the new semester, those things of the old one were cast aside, replaced with thoughts and aspirations of the days and work to come. For the most part, everyone made that necessary transition. That is, everyone but a small number. Even this small group made most of the necessary changes, but several instructors have either forgotten or have been too busy to take inventory of the outside of their office doors. On the outside of these doors and on nearby bulletin boards there still lingers long lists of initials, numbers, and even names followed by letters ranging from H’s through D’s with a sprinkling of I’s. If we need warning that the present semester promises the same ^ave dangers that confronted us in the past sixteen week period, surely we have been warned. If students have not yet taken heed of the grades there posted, they surely never will do so. Too, few grades are so good that they should be left as a bright and shining star to guide us in our semester’s endeavors. So it seems that there is very little reason for the continued adornment of corridors, bulletin boards, and classroom walls with such unattractive paper. How about cleaning up and letting by-gones be by-gones?—L. S, H.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER Tkm m4ii tmt sttums r4SfofuibiUtf /or tk4 opMom to liUr ffofai—, faioA orr toUlf tkms* o/ loritar.
A Dark Horse Fades John L. Lewis, who is heading the United Automobile Workers in their fight against the General Motors Corporation, has by his actions in this battle lost all hope of becoming a presidential candidate in 1940 or in any year to come. He was mentioned prominently last year as a possibility for the candidacy in 1940, although his chances were generally acknowledged to be slim. Whether Lewis himself ever entertained such ideas may never be known. In light of his recent actions, however, it seems likely that he had not the slightest intention of entering the next race. Even though his chances were slim, whatever hopes anyone had that John L. would be the next president were quickly blasted when he started vigorous action in the automotive strike. When he opened his hand by calling upon President Roosevelt to lend aid in consequence of support received at the polls last November, Lewis then and there lost favor in the minds of millions of Americans. The strike itself, has as its acknowledged main objective the recognition of a minority union, which wants to bargain collectively for all the workers. This would mean, for all practical purposes, compulsory membership in theunion, a thing generally believed contrary to the pres-ent-day American ideals. His belligerent attitude has also lost Lewis thousands of potential votes. Ordinarily a labor leader should be of a type calculated to appeal to the sense of justice of the public, but Lewis does not have, or has lost, that necessary quality.
VOISE Of all the gnyff Who get in my hair “YouVe got something there.” The worst is he who yelps, - —■Gloomy.
MARS RASSKSi — MAttS lE^AISSRS MARS PASSES FOR POMPiS , FOR i)01T FOR VALENTINES
BOTTS—DAVIS Saturday afternoon PEDE DAVIS, tall and handsome man from Georgia, ankled up to the JP in Danville, III., with last year’s Debris beauty, FERN BOTTS . . . . ERNIE DOKE and his gal, MARY ROSE HARLAN went along as witnesses . . . some are beginning to believe that ERNIE and MARY ROSE may have pulled a “DAVIS” ... is there any truth in tips, ERNIE??? . . . the above mentioned marriage keeps the Betas right on top for the honor of having at least one marriage in their house per 2iid
semester ...
Inter-frat dance is putting forth AL KAVELIN and his band Friday night . . . ANSON WEEKS is due at the mixer here Saturday night , walla, two mighty fine bands for one week-end. . . . And this looks kinda funny too .. Sigma Nu RALPH COATES was filling out a fraternity questionnaire a couple of days ago when he came to the question: “Who will, outside of your immediate family, always know your address?” . . . the answer RALPH planked down (with all seriousness) was: “DOROTHY MILLER,” Chi O pledge and WRH queen . . . P. I. A. hams, I mean actors, are going to put on their version of “TOBACCO ALLEY” ... I have heard of “TOBACCO ROAD” and its choice spots . . . will P. I. A.’s “TOBACCO ALLEY” have any of the similar hoomur..
A politician is a man who gets $2,000 a year and saves $10,000 of it.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees..,»; '*v'‘ v'*
, ■'f-'.‘ff
trackmen Wffl Open Season Tomorrow Gold And Black Squad To Go To Chicago; Sea son^s Prospects Bright Coach Orval Martin's tracksters are putting the finishing touches on their pre-season practice today as they prepare to travel to Chicago to meet the Maroons in the season's opener tomorrow night. This year's squad hold better promise of a good all-round performance than has any squad for the last several years. Although there are relatively few outstanding stars, the team as a whole is well balanced, and Coach Martin has hopes for a successful year. Weakened By Loss The Chicago squad has been weakened by the loss of Ellinwood, former Purdue student, and Jay Berwanger; while the Gold and Black squad, with seven major lettermen back, has been materially strengthened by the return of Claude Moore outstanding miler, who was laid up last season by an attack of scarlet fever.
Cornell University's record enrollment this year has gratified university authorities for three rea^ ons. Analysis shows that an increased number of children of Cornell graduates have registered, and that there is a broader national distribution of students, and there are more students from foreign countries.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDESTG MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, jS05 Main street Phone 2779.
Lost—^Black silk change purse, $16, on Sunday afternoon. Finder call R. W. Burks. 71062. Reward.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits. Flat top desk. Books, lots of them. Back niunbers of magazines. Moore's Colonial Market. 220 Noi^h FifJ;h street.
Lost—^Bulova white and yellow gold wrist watch in Union lavatory. Name engraved on back. Liberal reward. Bob Winship. Phone 46763.
Wanted—^Upperclassman to share large downstairs room at 217 Pierce street.
Wanted—4 passengers to Chicago. Round trip. Leave Friday 4:00. Call Wood 4006.
Sophomore E. E.—Desires pleasant roommate. Excellent conditions. Phone 7468. Hiday.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits. Plat top desks. Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magazines. Moore's Colonial Market. 220 N. Fifth street.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Perry
^^SUDDEN Service
RINTING,! Offic* SUHonwy. ^ I W^vddins Invitelignt I
PHONE - WBook*'®*-” I 6 2 8 CASSEL’S dospERR^P
P'
-f -f ^ > -f ♦ -f 4 -—TODAY— CAiirt 1—Offichd. Abelt. 7:00—^Phi Ka];>pa Pal va. Winner (Delta Upailoa vs. Siffina .^pha Ei^U7:16—Pbf l^te ^eta vs. Alpha Ghi Bho (B). 8:26—Phi Kappa Sisnpa vs. Phi Kappa Psi (Bh 8:40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs.'Sisnna Nn (B). Court 2—-Official, Chapman 7:00—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Ixmer (Sigma ^l^ha Epsilon vs. Delta TJpsilon 7:16—^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Gamma Delta . (B). 8:26—Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Phi (B). 8 ;40—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Loser (Phi Kappa vs. TTieta Chi) (B). - Court 3—Official, Mann. 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Winner (Triangle vs. Delta Tau Delt^ (A). 7:16—^Triangle vs. Delta Tau Delta (B). 8:25—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Winner (^eta Chi vs. Phi Kappa) (B).
THE PBEDUE EXPONEKt
FRESHMAN SQUASH —TODAY— 4:00—^Alexander vs. Blessing. 6:00—Blitz vs. Eberhdrd. 6:80—^Pnentfi vs. Lownfd. 7:16—^Munro vs. Simmoiu. 8:00—Scully vs, Parfce. Inglemaii Defeats Whitney In New 28.2 Billiard Match The third^ and final game of a series, to demonstrate the new champion’s game of 28.2 balk line billiards, resulted in a victory for M. H. Ingleman over P. E. Whitney
JEANAPTHUR 6E0ME BRENT
Stander Ruth Donnelly ReginaldDenny
by a seoird of 160 to 180 itt 87 ittiiings at tho* billiard room of the Union Building Tuesday night. Ingleman shot straight rail hil> liairds against Whitney’s 28.2 billiards. The aim of this new game is to drive at least one of the ob-
Ject hal^s h tine S»JZ inehoi from the comet where the tsdl was Ijring. Whitney failed to drive the ball across the line in severai instances, but according to the rules of straight rail billiards he wotdd have been given credit for his shot.
Jake Echaefffif dkfeatid ils MOHS Wfilfo Moigipe twice dnrh^His last two weeks in two of ths Aehf chan^Edonshiy games ever f^yed in this type of billiards. Remaritable mns of over iOO were scored scvmral rimes.
ill
UNANIMOUSLY BY CRITICS .
PRAISED
TAMING OF THE SHREW "Makes the conventional motion picture look like slow motion.”—^Ashton Stevens, Chicago American. "Swift, pointed, shrewd and unendingly funny.”—Lloyd Lewis, Chicago Daily News.
The Lafayette Litde Theatre Association presents OLD g:lio;b:e theatre players In Three Plays of Wm. Shakespeare
COMEDY OF ERRORS "An exciting taste of what a laughslide in London seemed like three hundred years ago.” — Ashton Stevens, Chicago American.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, hot we do it well Wallace Block 822 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
V
Thu thinklag fuUow cullu A YELLOW T-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blucfc Cww for Special Oecuotoiui I6e per paaeunger any pwt of tho city MSS PHONES mi YELLOW CAB CO.
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6060
HAMLET "Epochal in character was the two hour presentation of William Shakespeare’s play 'Hamlet’. The success of the production as a whole is a triumph.”—^Wallace Moody, San Diego Union.
Interior of the Globe Thegtei^ California Pacific International Exposition, San Diego, Calif., Headquarters of the Old Globe Players 193S and 1936.
Afadnee, 2:30
-It
"The Globe Theatre is a gem and the production was fine,” — Max Reinhardt. "FuU, clear enunciation. There are belly laughs but no burlesQue.”-^ Time.
iTaming of the Shrew The Comedy of Errors" Tidcets 50c Evening, 8:15 Hamlet Tickets 50c,-75c-$1.00 Thursday February If,—Jeff Clym Tickets on Sale at Decker*$>-Retsner’a—-Unkm BoUding,^'
sill/
I X-'* -it ^.1*
f Lf iM uj
I S'**
■ f, '■» 1 % ^
' ■jij i.':' ,‘»' tr/-r I't - 't
Wj, » r . (
^ i
r' IV l?31 h\ Ibi
IV ■t ^ : C
B^eeTo Speidk On Streamline Trains W. D. Bearce, who has boon connected with the General Electric GompiS^ fd!t 20 si^eats, will speak on the subject, *'IM^el-Eleetric Locomotives And Streamlined Trains” at a meeting of the student branch of the A. S. M. E. to be held in room 108 of ^he Mechanical Engi neering Building on February 18 at 7:80.
Scobee's 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD i. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC^^ HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
NOTICES Wo mllim smittielWetB. i
Basie MUltatr-»Ba8ic course students who lost any part of their nnUorm cnqlpnent In the Are at 689 university stereet, report same to Senc^nt Gain, Arawv sup room, before Saturday noon. Fimruary 18. —WHISTLER,
Flyins Club—MeetiuK at 7 p. m. February 11 in Memorial Union Building. —SMITH.
Union Simhomores—Our committees ivlil meet in the Union office as early as possible February 11. —MYTINGER, PERKINS, McLEOD, Our committees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m., February 11. —REID, STALLINGS, RIETH. Athletic Carnival Aspirants—^All men desirous of competing; in any event in the athletic carnival meet in the small srm February 11 at 4 p. m. Comiietition on horisontal and partdlel bars, tumbling, and flying ringrs will be included. —FIELDS, HORNBERGER.
feshmen—All freshmen interested in Unwork, report to rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, February 11 at 4 p. m. —SCHOLER.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
B0SSUN6 Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
KEYS K^s for tmnka, door IsdcsL isak locks, night latchss and padlaeka. Auto keys and handle leeks a vacialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, bA
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN&LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
A CHURNING flood had taken out the telephone line across a Colorado stream. Repairmen couldn’t wade it because of quicksand—couldn’t cross elsewhere and bring back the line because of obstructions. Then Kayo’s master had an idea. He went upstream, crossed, came back and whistled. Kayo jumped in—swam across with a cord tied to his collar. With this cord, the wire was soon pulled over— communication was restored. A small incident. But it typifies the ingenuity which helps Bell System men and women to give you the world’s most dependable telephone service.
B. O. T. G. 8tHdciit»--AI) color hearoM ahd coltfr tftiardi of Brffldde, flrat, scOond. and third reglmento are requested to be at preliminary rehearsal In the Armory at 6 i>. m., February 12. —SINGER.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting February 11 in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. —FENSTERMAKER.
Glider Club—^Meeting Februai^ 11 at 7 :,1B in room D of the Memorial Union Building. Please pay field dues at this meeting, —O'NEAL,
Sophomore Military—Following named men will report to Armory ]^bruary 12-t-Lewis, D. n.; Bafte, R. A.; Thompson, G. C.5 Johnson. B. C.J Fells. J. A.; Weller, W. L.; Apple, A- L.: Gurry, R. W.; Cure, W. J.; Carr, R. J.; Chew. L. W.; Crabtree, D. M.; Levers, M. N.; Beard, A. H.; Crane, P. H.; Glover, D. W.; Edgerton, J. P.: Rothemburger, T. E.; Smith, G. B. ,* Smith. R. W.; Douglas. G. R.; Hall, R. E.; Kuzmits, A. A.; Tomaszewsky, T. L. ’ —WILLIAMS.
W. A. A. Council-Meeting February 12 at 6 p. m. in W. A. A. office. —WILEY
Camera Club—No meeting February 11, —CLAYPOOL.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet February 11 at 4 p. m. in the Union office. . —MYTINGER, PERKINS, McCLEOD. Our committees will meet February 11 at 4 p. m. in Union Workshop. —REID. STALLINGS. PUTZE, WEIGANDT
Y. W. C, A. Cabinet—Meet February 11 in office at 7.80 p. m —JONES,
Entomology Club—Meeting February 11 at 7:30. Public is invited —HUTTON.
Wesley Foundation—First of new series of vesper services to be held February 11 at 4 o’clock in room A of the Union. —McEACHRON.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting February 11 at 4 o’clock in office. —FELDT. Women’s Ping Pong Tournament—The following games must be played and recorded by February 11 at 5 o’clock. Reece vs. Boehm; Bouton vs. Demoret; Gossard Lockner, Rieth vs. McDermid; and Yerkes vs. George. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Badminton—Open practice will be held February 11 at 4 o’clock. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Bowling—The tournament will be postponed one week. Special practice will be held February 11 from 7 p. m. on with instruction Any girl interested notify Miss Russell or me. —BOEHM.
Animal Hnsbandry Club—Meeting in
• Present Her With »
f
from
i
FOR THE INTERFRATERNITY BALL
C^luzL.
Phone 5432 527 Main
room A of the Memorial Union Building February 11 at 7:80 p. m. Animal husbandry students and all freshmen interested are invited —DOUGLAS.
Surveying—Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD.
Sigma Delta Chi—^Important meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building February 11 at 7:30 p. m. —HARDIN.
P Men—Meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building February 14 at 3 p. m. to formulate active campus organization. —KIZER.
Scrivener—^Important business meeting at
6:30 p. m., February 11 at 126 West Lutz street. Please be present. —RADKEY.
Sophomore Union Workers—The following _ commitees include the workers stUl eligible for nominations in the spring elections. Sheets— Garland, D. Lewis, Ogle, Rieder, Heine, Shipley, E. Turner, H. Mnterspaugh, Brenman. Scatterday— Mason, Poor, B. Taylor, McCaffrey, Goris, Janosz, F. Eastburn, R. Wilson. Claypole— i Harper, Jacobs, Keck, Rudolf, Doyle, J. Forgey, Patch, M. Groves, B. McConnell. Rieth*— Martin, Fowler, Giral, Hopkins, Schumaker, M. Craig, L. Callison. Wiegandt— Anning, Castino, DeVol, Buck, MacWhirten, P. Grossman, E. Herman.
Pforzheime^— Cabohargi, Relninga, Quinn, Troutman. Schreiber. Taylor, M. Wood. M. White. Putze— Jacobson, Millholland, Lindgren, Zimmer. Luskot^ M. NormaDy £• Johnsoiu Reid— McCrury, McNaughton, Mathews, Light, Buckler, M. Reed, M. Jones. Stallings— Katz, White, Walters. Meleny, Muller. B. Kernel, G. Schmidt. Mytinger— M. Wood, E. Turner, M. Reed, H. Muterspaugh, E. Herman, R, McConnell, M. Groves. McLeod-r-F. Eastburn, M. Craig, B. Kernel, R. Wilson, E. Johnson, G. Schmidt, Julian. Perkins— J. Forgey, P. Grossman, M. Norman. M. White, M. Jones, L. Callison, F. Rle^ —SCHOLER.
"The Voice of Experience”.. the man with the million dollar throat insists on a light smoke
"My voice is my career. It has itw spired more than five million people to confide in me their personal prob*lems. During 25 years, first on the lecture platform and then on the air, I have never missed a single engage* ment because of my throat, I am a steady smoker, and because my throat and voice ate vital to my career I in* sist upon a light smoke. In Luckies I find a light smoke plus the enjoyment of fine tobacco ,,, and that*s why Lucky Strikes have been my choice for 14 years.
FRIEND AND COUNSELOR TO MILLIONS OF RADIO LISTENERS
An independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke^ *'The Voice of Experience” verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies* You, too, can have the throat pro« tecdon of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process 'It’s Toasted”* Luckies are gentle on the throat*
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— «THE CREAM OF THE CROP**
A L^;ht Smoke "It’s Toasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRIUTATION-AGAINST COUGH
Cwftiidil 1987, fht AaiNlera ToOmm Cmmf