/
New Draft Ruling Defers Students Engineers, Physicists Get
Established 1889
xfumeni w Coeds Dood It
Volume 55, No. 98
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 4, 1943
Deferment Until July 1,1945 Annie Ostrander
According’ to a Selective Sei’vice memorandum received yesterday by the loOal draft board, students who are enrolled in approved courses of study and will graduate before July 1,1945, will be deferi’ed in the draft if they are in good standing with the University. Undergraduate students, in the Schools of Agriculture, Forestry, Pharmacy or Optometry Will be deferred if they have completed at least one-half of their V/ork in the University and will graduate in a period of months equal to the period of academic study which they have already completed. Such deferments for agriculture, forestry, pharmacy, or optometry students will not be for a period beyond July 1, 1943, pending further consideration of the status of such students. Essential Fields The list of essential fields which carry deferment for students who will graduate before July 1, 1945, includes aeronautical engineei’s, automotive engineers, bacteriologists, chemical engineers, chemists, civil engineers, electrical engineers, geophysicists, heating, ventilating, refrigerating, and airconditioning engineers, marine enginets, mathematicians, mechanical engineers, . meteorologists, mining ahd metallurgical engineers, including mineral technologists, naval architects, petroleum engineers, physicists, including astronomers, radio engineers, safety engineers, sanitary engineers, transportation engineers—-air, highway, railroad, and water. * Others Deferred Graduate or post-graduate students undertaking further studies in the scientific and specialized fields listed above will be deferred if they are engaged in one of the following (1) in scientific reseai’ch certified by a recognized federal agency as related to the war elTort
or (2) in classroom or laboratory instruction in one of these scientific fields for not less than 13 hours per
week.
May Engage lit Civilian Industry When a registrant has completed his training' and preparation in a recognized college of university'^and has obtained a high degree of training, qualification or skill such registrant should be given ah opportunity to become engaged in the practice of his profession in the armed forces or in an essential civilian industry. After graduation the student will not be considered for further classification for a period not to exceed sixty days in order that the student may have an opportunity to place himself in an essential industry or in the armed forces provided that during such time the registrant is making an honest and diligent effort to become so engaged. Freshman' Engineers This directive means that freshman engineers who will graduate in seven semesters or other engineers who are enrolled in an approved course of study will be deferi'ed until graduation if they keep in good standing with the University. Agriculture, pharmacy, forestry, and optometry students will be deferred if they have completed one-half of their work. Does Not Apply To ERC University officials point out that this directive does iiot affect the status of the Enlisted Reserves and that under present plans they will bo called at the end of the preset^., semester. However, the Enlisted Reservists may be returned to school after a short basic training period at government expense. Also the draft regulations are subject to change whereas the Enlisted Re-sei-vists have a clear cut path aheadof them. ;
Elliott Will Inform Women On Future Academic Work
Kettering To Talk At Convocation %ij's Glee Club To Portray History Of University 4 Xo^s In Musical Skit Toniglif At 7:30 In Music Hall ; Chifles F. Kettering will discuss “Looking Forward through the Fyes of Research” at a convocation to be held at 7:30 this eveiiing in the Hall of Music, sponsored by the Student War Council in cooperation with the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. The program will contain entertainment features by the Glee Club with a half hour of popular music by Joe Spring, noted organist, be- ^^—- — -
Dr. Martin Will Speak On Poultry Genetics Next Monday At 4:15
. ■ . will reign as queen at the Spring Prom tomorrow night. Her court includes Mabel Vaughn, Betty Wedge, Sylvia Pittman,
and Emily Lloyd.
'Arsenic And Old Lace' Will Start. On March 10 Playshop’s fourth production of the year, “Arsenic and Old Lace”', will be presented Wednesday through Saturday, March
10-13, in Fowler Hall.
‘Arsenic and Old Lace”, a farce-comedy, directed by Ross Smith, is a harum-scarum story with swift and convincing logic. The story centers around two lovable aunts played by —i— — Becky Ann Pervine and Lois
Engineers Must Enter Hanley Speech Contest
By Next Thursday
Navy Will Call Many Reserves July 1 Date Set For Likely Induction Of V's, Marines Many students now in college on inactive duty in one of the Navy’s reserve prograins, V-1, V-5, V-7, or on inactive duty in the Marine Corps Reserve class 3 (d), will be called to active duty about July 1 as apprentice seamen in the Naval Reserve or as privates in the Marine Corps Reserve, a Navy Department release stated yesterday. Students in the VM program nowin college will take qualify- '• ■ " •—- ing tests near the end of their C AiMuvil < 0 sophomore year and those who JOllfOiS Apifl I© pass will be called to active duty as apprentice seamen rITil' ClIITSIIIPilf PlUPilf with pay and uniforms. Those B v-1 students who fail the tests
Jane Vaughn. The two spirited sisters have poisoned 'twelve homeless gentlemen.and poison their' thirteenth iiv the last
scene.
Jonathan : Brewster is por-
^ rr . ■ A n- 4- trayed by.Jack Scarff, who has
Next Tuesday is the deadline for
entries in the seventh annual Han- ^ corpses making a
at the end of their sophomore year will be ordered to general enlisted service on active duty in the Navy.
Commencement exercises will be College students presently enheld for approximately 350 seniors ..oUed in the V-5 program may comSunday, April 18, at 2 p. m. This college year be-
was the decision reached Tuesday
afternoon when the senior class met
flight training.
fore the program. Admission to students will be by passport only, while fac-ulty-members and townspeople will gain admission through tickets obtained from the president’s office or the Chamber of ComiperCe, Doors will open at 6:46 p. m. A special section will be reserved for sailors in the Naval
Training School.
An informal reception dinner will be held for Kettering at 5:30 p. m. in.ilho Faculty Lounge of the Union to which all University officials. Chamber of Commerce board of directors and committee chairmen are
invited!
Concert Choir To Sing Joe Spring, organist, will entertain early comers between 7 and
Dr. J. Holmes Martin, ’17, will speak on “The Hen As An Experimental Animal’’ imxt Monday at 4:00 p. m. in room 111 of Stanley
Coulter Hall.
Dr. Martin was appointed head of the department of poultry husbandry in 1940. Previous to this time he had been at the regional poultry research laboratory of the U. S. Department of Agriculture at East Lansing, Michigan, as director; at the University of Kentucky as a graduate assistant and
7:30 p. m, with popular and well Liter as professor; also at the UniknoiVn music, after which the Glee versity of Wisconsin for his Ph.D. Club and Concert Choir will open m 1924. the program with the National An- He was editor of Poultry Science them and other patriotic numbers, in lO.'ll during which time he had Following the address by Kctter- a splendid opportunity to see how iiig. the Glee Club and Concert Choir other scientists regarded a hen as will portray the musical history of an experimental animal. He has a Uhiversity coed. Glee Club mem- published many articles in poultry hers will be dressed too as coeds to husbandry, however, his strongest recall songs from 1878, the date of interest is in poultry genetics,
the graduation of the University’s
ley Speech Contest for Engineers. Any engineer wishing to compete for the one hundred dollars in prizes awarded for the six best speeches on any economic subject pertaining to the war should signify his intentions by calling at the Speech office in University Hall by this date. Preliminaries for the contest will be held in Room 101 of University Hall on Thursday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m. Six speakers will be chosen from the preliminary round to enter the final contest which will be held Thursday, March 18, at 7:30 p. m! Last year the contest was won by William Peters, Chem. Eng. ’43, who spoke on “Mounting Surpluses in Latin America.” Annual Contest W. A. Hanley, sponsor of the contest, is a University graduate who joined the Board of Trustees in December, 1940. In 1935, he suggested that the University have an annual contest “so that engineeringstudents would be more interested in learning how to speak correctly.” In his job as superintendent of production for Eli Lilly in Indianapolis, he found that college, men, especially engineers, have good ideas, but seldom can present their suggestions to others because of their , speaking ability.
total of twenty-five. Their insane brother, Teddy Brewster, played by Harold Warren, imagines he is Theodore Roosevelt and buries the bodies in the cellar under the delusion that he is digging the Panama Canal. Love Interest Elaine Harper, played by Barbara Nord, and Moi-timer Brewster, played by John Clark, present the love intei'est in the murder, madness and humor plot. John Patterson portrays Dr. Einstein. The remainder of the cast is as follows: Dr.. Harper, Jim Yingst; Officer O’Hara, Arthur Barab; Officers Brophy and 'Klein, Justin Meacham and Charles Greenhill; Lt. Rooney, Seymour Greenwald; Mr. Witherspoon, Bill Bacheldor. Crew Heads The various crew heads are as follows: Make-up, Carolyn Wood and Elaine Kail; properties, Rita Donahoe and Grant Fieldon; stage. Jack Newman and Lee Fishback; lighting, Carroll Martindell; costumes, Elizabeth Kissam; and special effects. Barton Wood. The box office is open daily 9-12 and 1-5 and Saturdays 9-12. Tickets arc 75 cents and may be purchased at the box office.
with President Elliott to consider
some of the more important prob- Duty In College
lems pertaining to graduation. Present V-7 students who have Chief among the questions aris- more than one term to complete ing at the meeting, commencement for a degree will be placed on active required almost 30 minutes of de- duty and ordered to college under liberation before a decision was contract to the Na-vy. These V-7 forthcoming. Previously the Uni- students who have one terra or less versity Executive Committee had to complete for a degree may remet and concluded that the exi- main on inactive duty in the college gencies of the war emergency and they have been attending to finish the stepped-up tempo of the Uni- their courses, or they may request versity schedule were sufficient active duty and assignment to a colgrounds for dropping formal com- lege, not necessarily the one they, mencements for the duration. In-#have been attending, to complete
stead, they proposed , that degrees their studies.
be mailed to the graduates. Rea- A new Navy program which will sons', pro and con, offered by class effect students already enlisted in members when discussion began, the Naval Reserves, and selected can be summed up as follows: students who will have the opporSeveral seniors thought it would tunity to join later is being formed be permissible to mail degrees since by the Navy department. The new formal Commencement exercises program which will be designated mainly appeal to parents. No com- as V-12 provides for sending stu.ments were offered by members of dents who will be selected by a the class in support of the Com- special screening process to selectmittee’s plan on the ground of na- ed colleges for preparation and
tional emergency. Other seniors in background, favor of the mailing plan were Rushed Schedule
those who couldn’t see any use in ' Candidates selected for general commencement anyway. ^uty training will receive one and Arguments in favor of having ^f study covering
graduation exercises held that parents would come regardless oi whether formal exercises were
elusion of their college preparation, all will take short specialized Navy training, after which they will be eligible for commissioning
as officers.
War Widows Act. . .
University Pin-Girls Organize Club To Remain True To Service Draftees
first coed, on down to the present day. , . t Soloists Soloists will include Carolyn Wood, Virginia Ulrcy, Betty Wedge, Ruth Ralston and several others. A narrator will tell the story as the slfit unfolds. In presenting Charles F. Kettering a.S' the featured, speaker on the program, those responsible have obtained a much sought after'figure in the field of engineering and engineering research. Now serving as chairman of National Patent Planning Commission of which Dean A. A. Potter is the executive director, he ii? recognized by the engineering \i'orld as a leader in his field today.
Notice
A representative of the Allist'lialmers Manufacturing Company, Milwaukee, W'isconsin, will be oh the campus Friday, March 5, to interview' April and August EE, ME, PSE;,also girls majoring in chemistry, mathematics,
or physic.s.
There Iwill be a group meeting at 4:00 p. m. Friday, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Seniors are invited to attend this meeting, and if interested in an individual interview, students should sign in the Personnel Office by 3:00 p. m., Thursday, March 4. —W. E. Voglcr
How would you draftees like to leave your girls, to the wolves? Much to their chagrin a great many eds are being forced to do that very thing. Not long after the eds bid a fond farewell, the baying of wolves often be.gins to attract the unsuspecting coeds. At first they ignore them, but after two or three months, staying at home, gets to be old. ’riien conies the real test of .true love. They look at the photograph on their dressers. Is he worth it? If they decide that he is, which they usually do, then the question is, “What am I to do with myself?” Week-ends can be lonesome even with that fraternity pin or that sparkling new diamond. They really wouldn’t care or would they?
: Just such girls who have this problem decided to find ah answer and really do something. J’hey did by forming the War Widows Club. One of the finst was started iii WKH. Those girls with the theme song “Faithful Forever” have planned an attack on loneliness. T'hey .meet once a week. Sunday night supper for them is a regular widows’ convention. Bridge tournaments and knitting is another part of their activities. Besides that midnight scrawding to the one and only, they have begun a project in which every one in the club is to write to other University soldiers and sailors. At'present there are about twenty girls in the club, but all indications point to a steady increase
scheduled, and that after four years of hard work it would be rather anti-climatic just to get on the train
and say “so long.”
According to a tentative plan
submitted by a self-appointed com- Take Tests
mittee of student leaders, gtadu- Qualifying tests will be held bn (See COMMENCEMENT, page 2) or about, April 2, throughout the
nation-. Students selected on the
basis of officer-like qualifications
including scores on these tests will he assigned to the Navy College Training Program in two groups. The first group will report to eolle,ges and universities, now being selected by the Navy, on or about July 1, 1943. The second group will report on or about November 11. Elliott Names Ayres
Assistant Dean
Dr. W. L .Ayres, head of the Department of Mathematics, has been named assistant dean of the Graduate School. Dr. Ayres will take the place vacated by Dr. E. C. Young, who became head of the school last July. Both men are continuing their
departmental positions.
Dr. Ayres has been a member of the University statf 'for nearly two years, coming here in the summer of 1941 to become head of the Department of Mathematics. He holds hi.s bachelor’s de.gree from Southwestern University and his doctorate from the Uhiversity of Penn-
sylvania.
in members. Girls Go Stag
Any time a girl feels in the mood for a movie she gives the chairman a ring and then the action begins. Before you know it, more girls are. ready to .go off to the movie. War Widow.s have fun going stag. Of course, nothing'comiiares with having the real thing, but only dreams
can be afforded now.
If any of you eds are worrying about leaving your 'women, don’t worry. All you need to be sure of is being 1-A with her. After that all is simple. A subtle hint that she become a War Widow for the duration should go over big. No.wolf can get her then, because she will bo faithfully yours forever.
At 4 this afternoon in 'Eliia, Fowler Hall, President E. C. Elliott; wilt speak to the University women and answer some of the many questions concerning their academic future. Although this special convocation is not compulsoiy, coeds are strongly urged- by AWS, Associated Women Students,, to attend this meeting in order to obtain a clearer picture of women's status in the University. Mortar Board Survey Mortar Board, national senior coed honorary, has conducted a survey of women’s opinions in order,to discover what questions in regard to the future are uppermost in their minds. These questions have been sent to President Elliott so that he might answer them at convocation today. After answering these questions in his address. President Elliott will accept questions from the audience. Summer Attendance According to the survey, many women who must work during the summer ini order to finance their college education fear that they may be forced to remain in their jobs. This and other rumoi/s, indicated by the survey, to the effect that women may be excluded from the University will be answered by President Elliott. ■ The main purpose of the convocation, according to Dean Coolidge, will be the discussion of ways in : which ■women may be kept in sch'dpl. In the past men have been informed as to what is expected froni them and to what the future may hold ‘fibr them but this is the first time that women have been informed of th$ir
status.
All Goeds Should Attend This convocation, the first designed to deal especially with the problems of womeq, should be attended by all women students. “Senior women need to attend because it is they who will represent the University in the near future and , they should know the policy of the University,” stated Dean Coolidge yesterday. She also explained that faculty women should attend because they provide a steadying effect on students’ morale. - According to Dean Coolidge the University is doing its utmost to keep the women in school in order that they may he better qualified for the jobs they intend to do and be of more help in the war effort. There is an increasing deniand for women with degrees and skilled women to take the place of men who are sent to the fighting front. Florists Will Convene For 16th Conference Strictly business .subjects, will occupy the attention of attendants at the sixteenth Annual Florists Conference to be held here on Wednesday, Mai'ch 10, according to the complete program announced yesterday. This year the conference will be in session one day instead
of two.
Flower growers, wholesalers, retailers and employees will be given opportunity to discuss ways and means of improving the yields, quality and salability of floral products. Among the principal speakers will be James Sykora, of Amling Bros. Co., Chicago, and Robert Roland, executive secretary of the Society of American Florists who will discuss the effect of government regulations on floriculture. Opening features will be roundtable discussions on green house management and nun'keting prdhlems. Staff members of the Unfve?' sity will lead the discussion on ve|retable crops, insects, disease, and heating at the green house raana^ment session while E. C. Grafide will lead the discussion on watering. Discussion leaders on “labor problems” will be John Lemon and Francis Bauer. Climaxing the day’s activity, Harold Hewey, i-epresenting the Florists Telegraph Delivery Asaq/ ciatioii, will speak on "general problems of flowpr store management.1
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Unions Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 53t7 Honornn- Kditor Wiltlnm 0. Honkins Whh (he Colors
Editor Business Manaeer News Editor .f. Manaftinfr Editor Senior Advertisinff Manager.. Sports Editor Coed Editor. Coed Business Executive
;.,DnIo E. Butz ..Gerhard H. Kloumnn ..Robert W. Roswinkle Sally Beall Jamc.s G. Petty ....Joseph S. Dawson .lean Gauer A. Jane Helm
Publication Staff rjoiturinl Stall Associate Editors: F. .7. Vo(rli. .7. T. liich.'ird.sDn, T. G, Tilton, W.. H. Tyson, W.'1- Vermilion, M. G. .Smith, C. C. Martindeli, 6. Murphy. „ , Coed Staff: PhyllG Mann, Martha Gcc Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. - „ „ . , Sports Staff: C. Soivarda, ,T. Ackerman, D. Slirycr, R. Smith.
Assistant Adverti-inr-Advertising Munfcer.s
J. Tabb.
Circulation Manager; 77 It, Ivroeplin Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts. '
Business Staff Mar.aerr: .7. Filpi.
: ,1, i'i' xon, C. (Jaunt, J. McCullough,
Edltor-in-Chiet..
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnler
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ri.ggs Issue Editor: Ford Day Editor: Ahrens , Sports Editor: Wilbur Reporters: Steftes. Baynes, Richardson, Grotnes, Peterson, Ober, Van Buskirk, Drake. Gregory, Yarg.ar,
.1 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, '1922. Published on Tuesday. Thur.tday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.70 for a semester or $8.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2,00 tor a semester or $3.50 for. two semestefs. , . Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Puhlishera Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Purdue Women ... Both student and faculty .. . where will you be this afternoon at 4? Every loyial Purdue woman should feel it her duty to be in Fowler Hall to listen to President Elliott answer the questions that have been a disturbing element on our campus since America’s entry into the war. You’ve been asked questions, countless ones, by your families and friends at home; you’ve been asking questions yourselves^ but have received no definite answers. Last week Dean Coolidge and a group of staff and faculty women decided that no. further time should be wasted before the confusions and doubts confronting the women students should be cleared up. President Elliott agreed to be the visiting expert for the Purdue women’s “Information, Please” program scheduled for this afternoon. So, now the stage is set • ■ • the expert is willing and able; your questions have been collected and compiled; and at 4 in Fowler Hall the time arrives for rumors'to be dispelled and doubts to cease. Senior women must not feel that since they will soon leave the University this convocation is of little importance to them. On the contrary, it is of great importance, and they should all attend. They will soon be this University’s representatives in the towns where they will work and live; they should be fully acquainted with University policies and future plans.-—m.j.l. The Ratio ———
. to 1
(Watch tlii'b
■i ter March 8th).
TIME OUT FOR THE RING HOOK-UPS These surprise marriages that the happy couple delights in keepi.ng secret are popping out ail over the place. It seems that Ted Chapman, Belt, has really had a wife for about six weeks instead of a pin girl as everyone thought Maxine Barrett was . . . AND, another secret splicing was that of Bud Williams, freshman Phi P.si, to a girl from his home in Indianapolis. They’ve been that way since October. . . . FURTHERMORE, another Belt, Dick Lunciquist, has been married since December to Mary Ellen Kirkpatrick, Theta.
QUICK JOB Johnny Hoesel, SAE, had his pin only one little week when he broke down and gave it to his gal in South Bend,. Hope he doesn’t foi’get what it looks like. SshuksL SiJupsA, Lt. R. H Kilgore ... who attended the University, received his commission a.s a second lieutenant and the wings of a pilot, and will be a.s,signed to anothpi" post for furthei' duty. Major R. !. Sfuarf- . . . who attended the Univeisity for two semesters in l!)26-27, was recently promoted from the rank of captain and i.s now serving with the armed forces eomewhere in the Pacific,
PINZ, PINZ, PINZ, WHEW! Anyone who can keep track of all the pins that have been flying around recently is worthy of the lopsided star award,, but definitely. Even the late cold wave hasn’t been a discouragement.
LINE-UPS— Mai ion Johnson, Theta pledge, taken out of circulation by' a Phi Belt from Northwestern ... Patsy Bishop, another Theta pledge, finally won over by Don Flail, Beta. . . . Gloria Morgan, Theta also, and Johnny Burke have decided it is the thing, too ... (the Theta's seem to bo collecting the hardware, and of course the candy that goe.s with it) . . . Les Fleck, one of those Reamer guys, has Dorothy Heckard, Chi 0 pledge, all sewed up . . . and that ain’t all! There are more, and more, and more!
msuimK Xm Hfq \J <> PjI.OK. Merry-go-round ly DREW PEARSbft ” Dispatches Reveal Russia's Peace Terms To Finland; U. S. May Ask Modification WASHINGTON—It now looks as if the air cooling systems which were to be yanked out of the Senate, House of Representatives and various governnient departments would not be yanked out at all, and the solons could keep reasonably cool this summer. Reason for this is new WPB Production Boss Charlie Wilson,recent head of General Electric. Wilson has not changed these plans because of any special regard for the comfort of Congressnien. The change briefl.y boils down to this. The air cooling system were needed because of their compressors, for compressors are one great bottleneck of war production today. Compressors are used in making synthetic rubber, high octane gasoline, and other vital war materials. And before Wilson took over WPB production the ordering of compressoi's was pretty much of a mess. There was no coordination. The Navy, the Army hacl bid against each other. The Maritime Commission and Lend-Lease had bid against them. Each had gone to the best compressor companies, and factories were loaded with orders that would not be finished for some years. So Wilson called in all the compressor companies, and had them line up their orders. Then he told them to add extra shifts to their own plants and subcontract to about 300 smaller plants. Wilson talks the language of a manufacturer, not of a banker or Wall Street broker (the WPB, Army and Navy are loaded down with both). The compressor manufacturers knew that if they didn’t produce, Wilson would demand their designs and set up competitors who would be in business again.st them after the war. That is the last thing they want. Wilson didn’t have to make any threats. They understood his language. He is getting the compressors. • New Converts To Nepotism Most freshmen Congressmen prefer to be seen and not heard, but there’s,nothing backward about them where nepotism is concerned. Here are a few of the Congressional yeaidings, most of them Republicans, who are drawing exti'u pay checks for members of their families; Representative A. E. O’Konski, Republican, of Wisconsin—His, wife, Veronica H. O’Konski, is his seci'etary at .$3,900 a year. . Representative James C. Auchincloss, Republican, of New Jersey—His wife, Lee Auchincloss, gets $3,200 a year. Representative Henderson Carson, Republican, of Ohio—^His wife, Ella Carsoii, is on the payroll, at $1,700 a year. Representative Norris Paulson, Republican, of California—Pays his daughter, Erna, a clerk, $1,370 a year. Rcpreseritatiyc John P. Newsome, Democrat, of Alabama—His,wife. Lulu H. Newsome, is cin the payroll, at $1,100 a year. Representative James Gallagher, Republican, of Pennsylvania—Pays his son, James Gallagher, Jr., a clerk, $1,250 a year. Representative Thomas Gordon, Democrat, of Illinois—Has a daughter, Romona, on the payroll, at $1,000 a year. Note; Other stories giving the score in the game of nepotisni will follow. ‘ • Spanish Dagger At U.S. Back Here is the lowdown on the visit of Franco’s special representative,, ex-Spanish Foreign. Minister. Beigbeder, to this country. Franco’s regular representative. Ambassador Juan Cardenas, has been sending him what he wanted to hear, rather than the ti'uth about the way the American people have put their hearts into the war., Cardenas had emphasized the clash of personalitie.s and inefficiency of wai’ production which gets into the headlines but is not the general rule. When U. S. officials learned of. this, they conceived the idea of bringing a special Franco envoy to the U. S. A. to get the real picture. Actually it was the War Department, not the State Department, which hatched the inspiration and which is taking him on a tour of war plants and Army posts to drink in the real spirit of the war effort. Note; Many high-up officials here believe Franco is an opportunist who, I'cgardless of pledges, will jump which ever way ,he sees, the war going in the spring. He could, if he wished, plunge a daggei' into the back of U. S. forces in North Africa. Beigbedcr has a background of friendship fo.i- the United States. • Finland's Defeat After some two years of dreary fighting against the Ru.ssians and British, the Finns are right back where they .started. Diplomatic dispatches reveal that Russia has now ofl’ered Finland the following peace terms; , . 1. A border between the two countries .similar to that established by the treaty of 1940. This wa.s after the Russo-Finnish war, from which Russia emerged victorious. ; 2. The Russians also demand certain political changes in Finland, particaularly the establishment of a government friendly to Russia. This would definitely exclude both Mannerheim and Tanner. American observers may make a counter suggestion, modifying these terms somewhat, to make them more palatable to Finland. ' The suggestion is that two points of vital importance to the Finns, which have been held by Russia since the 1910 settlement, should be returned to Finland. These arc; (1) Viborg, a city northwest of Leningrad, now shot to pieces, of no earthly use to the Russians, but with strong sentimental attachments to the Finns. (2) Hango, an island in the entrance to the Gulf of Finland, described as “the cork of Helsinlii,’’ and which, if held by any foreign power, would bottle up the Capital of Finland. U. S. officials believe the Finns will have to retreat from their almost fantastic belief that they are emerging victorious from this war. If much more time passes without a .settlement, the Russians will be free to resume the war with Finland, and to take what they want. So a settlement is better now! 'fhi.s is .the theoi'y being pi'essed upon the Finns by the U. S. Goveimment, which has offered its “good offices’’ for iJoace, (Copyi'ight, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
BUichty I Personnel Notes Uotices
^ Corananies Scheduled to Visit
Companies .Scheduled to Visit
Campus; '
Zenith iladio Corporation, Chicago, 111,—March 4.' Interested in April and August EE. Armour & Company, Chicago, 111. March 6. Interested in April and
August ChE.'
Allis-Chalitiers Manufacturing Company,.Milwaukee, Wis.—Mar. 6. Interested in April and August EE, ME, PSE; also girls majoring ill chemistry, mathematics and physics.
‘How do 500 women live together, wearing identical outfits, without tearing each other’s hair?” University Calendar' Thursday, March 4
3;00 P.M, Sci'cen Review ();,30 P.M. Rui-al Wai- Production Group. 7;00 P.M. How to .Study Group ............ ();45 P.M. Ag Winter Course Society.
.Hall of Music ..A.sscmbly Rm., Ag Hall ..Room 307, Union ..Assembly Rm.. Ag Hall
7;30 P.M. Chamber of Commoi'ce Meeting :Hall of Mu-sic
Friday, March 5
12;30P.M. Highway Committee 4;00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club .... 8;.30P.M. Senior Prom
.Room 330_, Union .Room 304, Union .So. Ballroom, Union
Bids For Scabbard, Blade Close Tomorrow All advanced course military students who desire to receive a free bid to the Scabbard and Blade formal (lance which will be held on March 19, should sign the li.st on the. advanced course bulletin b'^ard before tomorrow noon. Tickets will not be sold for the dance and admission can only be gained by the presentation of a bid. The danCe will be held in honor of the new initiates of the organization and will be built around a military theme. Advanced course students will bo given preference in the presentation of bids in the hope that a.s many as po.ssible of the people who attend will be attired in uniform. Regular formal attire will be in order for the nohmilitavy students.
Classified Ads ROOMS ARE Needed If you have one—let the students know ill The Expouent Classified Ads. Cali—4005 Circulation.
Typewriterfl: Adding machine.s, all makes sold, rented repaired and purcha.sed. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, puiis. luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan
Office, 40V Columbia.
Lost—:GruGn wrist watch in Union. February 25 about 12 p. in. Reward. Phone
7016. W. Herlitz.
Wanted—Purdue students as waiters. ExIierience not necessary. Short hours and good pay. Apply Frank Lenihan,' Elks Club. Need Room and Board 7^—Try interracial ccojiorative living at the International House, 1 University St.
lanmm TODAY-FRi. -SAT.
These companies (lo not plan to yisit the campus; however,, they are interested in students for employ-
ment:
C. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana Interested in EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday noon, Mar. 6. Captain W. I. Fteel W)ll Talk To POMM ■ ; ■ , '\ ; ■ Captain W. 1. Freel, connected at one time with an ordnance officers’ candidate school, will talk at the POMM smoker to be held in Room 355 of the Union Thursday, March 11, at 7;30. All advanced military students are invited to attend. Uniforms are not to be worn. Captain Freel’s talk will be primarily information on how to get along under the rigorous military rules of an officers’ candidate school. Although he was connected with an ordnance OCS, his information -^vill be typical of any other officers’ candidate school. The smoker was formerly scheduled Tor March 4, but was postponed because of the interest of Kettering’s speech to military students. . Commencement (Continued.from page 1) ation exercises will, consist of a .singlo-filc academic procession around the oval into the Music Hall, a program of auxiliary musical entertainment, and presentation of degrees by President Elliott. No commencenient speakei’s or baccalaureate ceremonies are scheduled. A.s in the past, gi'aduating seniors w'ill be required to be present at the exercises if they are to I’cceive a degi'ee. JTiose w’ho are absent will not receive a sheepskin. In conclusion President Elliott warned the seniors that academic ' records, will weigh heavily in determining the assignments they will receive fi'om the services they
enter.
All tVdmen Students: The St. Loh'S®’’’) Scout Council is in need of bIHs their camp this summer. Tobs avilimbm ure unit leader, assistant unit leader and ""'dr front director. Any one interested should toleplione or come in to the lhacement fc>eivice for Women (20.7.7) '-mMediatelyj_^^j^^^ All Students: Anyone interested in ^T^orltintt on the staKC, properties, toake-up,. uffht. effects or costume crews for ' Arsenic^ and Old I.ace” siKii the sheet on the bulletin board opposite the ticket office Hall immediately. -•Dli.b Lutheran Students: Devotional meetine next Sunday evenins in the Union, room 307, at 7 :30. Guest speaker will be_ Dr. C. B. Harry, head of the I.uthcran Students of America. Everyone is Kappa Delta Pi: PledKinR lyill ke held Thur.sdny iiiirKt, March I, at 8 in room 2GJ of the Union. Everyone i.s oxiJ^‘ed to attend. -JOHNSON HobertSon’s Lecture: Fifth in a series of lectures on the .subject “A Gelcbrnted Experiment Which Failed and the Wonderful Results That Game From It” will be (civcn hv Dr. C. H. Roherlson next Friday eveiims at 7 in room 3.75 of the Union. Everyone SlTihvitod to attciui. _ -ROBERTSON Exponent Workers: Beat meetinK Friday, ■March 5, at •! p. m. in the Exponent office for the foilowimt people: Sommer, Yargar, Winslow, Stteck and Ford. —-TYSON Debris Sophomores: Report to workshop tO(l:iy. There will lie work for youRICHARDSON Dolphin Club: Regular meeting next Tuesday, March 9,. at 7:1.7 p. :n. in room 104 of the Fieidhouse. Everyone .should be present for formal pledging. •-SMiril Union Workers; Please report to Urtion Workshop Thur.sday and Friday—new bandstands must he completed Mu.sic Society; Meoling tonight, room 307 of the Union. Attendance of all charter members exmefed. Cali 802.0 if you cannot 'attenil. WOGIN War Council: .7:30 ilinncr meeting in honor of Ijr. C. E. Kettering in the F.ncUlty Lounge. Speci:il table reserved for members. — COUNTHWAITK All Advanced .lUilitary Students: POMM smoker has lieen iiostponeil to Mareh H. Capt.. Freel, Ordnanee Department, will, speak on OlVit'er'.s Candidate Sehool at POMM Smoker, room 8.77 Union, iiuilding, Thursday. M:u-eh 11, 7:80 p. m. This meeting shoiild lie o,r i)ri:Ti<' imiujrtance to all Adv;ineed Military Sludenis. I’lan to attend. Uniforms neid not hi. worn. e IMIILLIPS MT 7: lioginning M:ireh -I, 1918, tho.se inivingCorps Day on Tluir.sday and no el:iss at 11 Tuesday, will report to Hoorn K-l, Armory. :it II' f’uesday for '.'aceination.' Those who have class at ll'Tuesday will fall out aflcr roll r:ili on Thursday Corps D;iy for vaecination. Tlicse havin.g Corps liny on Tue.sday will b.' vaeeimited at 11 Tluirsilny. unles.s ihey ha^■e idass :it tiial liour, in which case they -will fall out after roll call oil I heir Corp.s Day. This .procedure will contiiipe until iiiree inorulntiniis iinve i)een administered. RIGRDAN ■ Freshman Engineers; .\11 seeotul term freshnuin engineers will meet Saturdny, Mareh li, S ;i; m, in lire Mirsie llnll. This iviJ! l>e a.reguiar nu'eting for GE 2. Students who liave 'JE ,1'ating not registered ,in (310 2 should ;ittend very important. Ther<> will lii' no me'etinK of GIO on Saturday, Marcli (I. - - KNAPP
Everything for a College Education BE AC’S
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLE FEATURE—
The Boldest Bandit of the Old West Whose Specialty Is Stealing Hearts!
RoaMnee CESAB iioMER-O as “The Cisco Patricia Morison • Lynne Roberts. Ricardo Cortes • Chris-Pin Martin -PLUS
The Most Stirring-Story of Our Time Bacontes the Film Sctis.ition cf Oi,!r Time! ft
by LOUIS BROMFIELO A 20th C«rxtUTY-¥ox Piclurt atarring Mynia Tyrone George♦>riai.Hi<far»4j ir>e
Thursday, March 4, 194S
Boilermaker Spdrls
^ t-
>o^#
Sis Ten Wiestling Will Start In Fieldhouse Friday
Lawson Named Most Valuable Player; Awards Presented To Basketball Team At Banquet Sponsored By Lions' Club Nine major letters and seven minor letters, including three insignia for squad members who were called to service before ihe close of the season, were awarded at the annual Boilerhiaker basketball banquet Tuesday night sponsored by the Lafayette Lions’ Club In addition to the varsity awards, 24 freshman varsity numerals were presented to members of the
pearling squad that won top -
hohors in the quadrangular foi the 1943-44 season until latei iSig Ten tournament. Cayce Pamsh, of Muncie, Univer
Harry Geisel, of Indianapo- ^ piesseci into unifoim when seivice
hs, veteran of 18 years umpir- g^iis depleted the Boiieimakei losing in the American League, tei, won double recognition Paiwas the pimcipal speaker of the iish was awaided a ininoi letter foi evening, while President E C El- his playing as well as insignia foi liott acted as toastmaster Among his manageiial duties Othei minoi the other speakeis were Coach letters weze awaided to Robert BidWaid Lambeit and Guy Mackey, die, Brookston, Donald McVey, athletic diiector, who made a stiong West Lafayette, Robeit Morris,
The Sports Wave
By losephhie Dawson
Boilermakers Riveters Will Defend
Title Won Last Year
plea for the continuance of competi-
tive athletics
Two Receive Letters “In Absentia”
Lebanon, Edwin Timm, Whiting, Chailes Wiight, Edwardsport, and Edwaid Jones, Jaspei, leserve
rp„, j,.. , ,, guaid, who was called to the seiv Two of the nine majoi letteis weie , ’ , . at.
awarded “in absentia” to Floyd
“Rudy” Lawson, of Eiie, Pa , main- ® . ^.r „4,„„ 1 u 11 1 Twenty-four Frosh Numerals stay guard, who was called foi ac- , , , , ,
The complete list of neshman
niimeials awarded follows
L A Applegate, New Waverly, R L Agnew, Battle Ground, K E Andeison, Warsaw, William Ber
tiVe training in the Aimy An Corps before the final thiee home games on the Big Ten schedule, and Myiwm (Red) Andeison, of Edwards-
poit, high scoring loiward in pie- , „ ,,, t n aa „ V beiian, Haivey, HI , J D Blcttnei
conierence games, who is now in , , . ^ J j , , , , Acton, A L Biutus, Pine Village,
tiaming as a na\al aviation cadet ^ / r j- %
J A Collmgs, West Lafayette, J
at the flight piepaiatoiy school at
DePaiiw
W Eitel, Tipton, C W Haag
m. .. , ,, , , Evansville, J J Hmga, Ft Wayne, The othei maioi letteis went to , „ ,, t
J W Howell, Wanatah, W L
Tuesday night Rudy Lawson was paid high tribute in his absence at the annual basketball banquet sponsored by the Lion’s Club when his teammates selected his as “most valuable playei” on the team this season In spite of the fact that the government felt a stiongei need foi Rudy’s services which ketp hi mfiom seeing action in the last thiee games, the team still felt that he should be the winnei ol the awai d Lawson would have given Coach McCracken another woiiy had he been in there with his excellent rebounding for which he is so well known, for his fine guarding tactics and his many contacts with the basket—all of which make him the great playei that his teammates and otheis saw
and knew him to bo
Coach Claude Reeck has great hopes for his ■wrestling team in defend ing then Big Ten championship title at the Fieldhouse this week end, Fiiday and Saturday He says, “Whether we take the coveted title again this year, depends a lot on Co Captain Davis, but you can quote me on this, ‘that we won’t settle for less than thud place’ ” Velniai Davis, co captain of the team, has his heart set on taking the Big Ten championship and when Coach Reeck stated that the Riveteis would settle foi no less than thud place, Davis enthusiastically replied, “and we won’t stop with thud, either ” A veiy Intelesting phase of the Boilermaker Hoosiei colorful basketball clash—colorful in moie than one way—was the coeds’ yiews on the game There wasn’t a one who wouldn’t have liked to have gotten a hold of a few members of the Indiana team and as one coed very emphatically put it, “really cleaned up on them and showed them a little bit of their own duty play ” Even the coeds weie steaming after that game Incidentally Monday night’s game was a grand finale for the team and many students who probably witnessed tbqii last game for the duration as they leave tor various branches of the service What more could anyone wish than to see our deadliest rivals, the Hoosieis, defeated by the Boileimakeis in the last game of the season, especially since it meant Indiana loosing the chance at the Big Ten championship title Coach Buinham seems to have his hands tied as far as finding some much needed football strength for this yeai’s team Perhaps the other coaches in the Big Nine aie faiing no bettci Buinham will be able to estimate the strength of the team when he can compare the losses being sulTeied by the other Big Nine schools
M H Peteison Brandon, S D , T H Rcdenbaigei Ccntei Point W D Robbins, West Lafayette, L E Rose, Hobait, James Stiawbiidge, Fort Wayne, J E Stutkei, Veedeis buig E P Stuteville Attica, J N Vaughan, Lafayette, E E Young,
Convcise
Cbed Bowling Tournament Coed Bowling rournameiit Sat urday, March 6, 1 30 p in with Chi Omega rs Kappa Kappa Gamma and Delta Gamma vs Kappa \lpha Theta
Swimming Meet Friday, Saturday, Mar. 5-6
the seven men who weie largely le iva a — , a , . Btons.bicfo.upthaseason v™»nf, k"j c Notthwestem ToAct AsHosts ToBig Ten
m talUant fashion w“h a veto,y ^ ^ YotUoyn,
over Indiana Monday night Max ,
Biggs, Lafayette, Ralph Biowei, Pott Wayne, Ed Ehleis South Betid, Paul Friend West Lafayette, John Kennedy Loiain, Ohio, Capt Allen Menke, Huntingbuig, and
John Swantz, South Bend
Lavyson Most Valuable ^ Lawson, despite the fact that he mt^sed the last thiee games on the schedule, was signally honored by his mates when he was named the "most valuable player to the team fof the season just closed Coach Ward Lambeit announced that due to uncertainties legaiding available personnel, it had been decided to postpone the selection of a captain
/fi=
JOEL A. PETEflSOlV, M. D. Announces the Opening of Offices at 609 Lafayette Life Building Practice Limited to Eye, Lai, Nose and Thi oat
from
HAVIN T wr MU SCfORW
^ mrsm
OID ARMY UNR BOYS
The Big Ten swimming chain pionship to be held at Noithwestern university tomoiiow and Satni day, Maich 5 and 6, takes on all the appealances of a dual meet between Michigan and Ohio State who have dominated the conference swim ming scene in lecent yeais These two long tune iivals aie not only expected to fight it out for team honors but to lead a wholesale assault on the recoids Among the raaiks expected to fall are the 220 yaid flee style, 150-yaid back stroke, 200 yard breast stroke, 300 >aid medley lelay, rnd the 400 yaid fiee style relay All have been repeatedly bettered m dual meet
competition this season Progiam Of Events
The national collegiate piogiain of events will be followed Finals m the 50 and 220 yard fiee style the 150 yaid back stroke, fancy div ing and the oOO yaid medley will be held Friday night, with the 100 and 140 yard free style, 200 yard breast broke, and 400 yard free style relay scheduled foi Saturday
night
Michigan is favored to win its fifth straight title but will be haul pressed by the Buckeyes wiiose star studded lanks include three
National AAU champions in addi tion to three defending conference champions Team balance favors the Wolverines just as it did nr the two dual meets with the Buckeyes which were won by Michigan by scores of 52 to 18 and 43E to
10 E
Patten Skujnei Defending Champs Capt John Patten, conference and national collegiate 200 yard free stylo champion heads up Michigan’s power laded squad The Wolveiines have another defending champion in J)m Skinnei in the bieast stioke Among the crack sophomores is Harry Holiday who in the recent Ohio State meet bet tered the conference 150 yard back stioke maik by 3 5 seconds Ohio Depends On Sophomores Ohio’s hopes of reversing the two dual meet decisions in the chain pionship meet center largely around three sophomores Keo Nakama Hawaiian 220 and 440 yard fiee stylei, Miller Anderson, fancy diver and Jim Counsilman bieast strokei All are National AAU champion-, nr then specialties Na kama has twice bettered the confer ence mark in the 220, while Counsil man has also swam under the 220 yard bieast stroke standard
mowm AND A COCA-COLA £ JUST LIKE HOME" \T
eg/
'A
“You always en|oy it when you connecr with a C^oke no matter where There's something about it thats special All the difference between something teally refreshing and |ust something to dunk Yes, Indeed. The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, itself Bet you’ve found that out already "
BOniED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COIA CO/APANV BY
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
6th and Salem Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
I S lllio at a hriiial Dance THE CRINKLE CHEST ('Etiery/ratermfy/las oneL He’s miserable enough with his ancient oft-color dress shut, but when it buckles and leaves its moonng and goes “crinkle crunch” he dies a million deaths. Since von ( an l ki ep him lo( k( (1 nr lli( lellai U II iiim ahoiil luoii SIiok him, the soit pl< aled hos om fhrss sliiii with tin eomloitahh serin soil lollai atlai hed, SI rO
(T Ol lads - vciv small litliii' SI )
11 roil Kirl, (i\ hinootli-
Dewenter’s 416 MAIN STREET
Receive Honors In 'All-America' The Riveteis’ poteition as one of the natron’s leaders m collegiate basketball for the past quarter centiy is accorded unusual lecogni tron in thd “All America” selections for the years 1920 to 1942, inclusive, 1 ecently compiled and published by the Helms Athletic Foundation, Los Angeles, Cal, following extended
study
Out of 23 All America collegiate teams named for the years covered jn the report, the Boilermakers who have won or shared in 11 Big Ten titles during the period, are honored with places on 13 of the national honorary groups Formei University stars accorded Ml America honors are as follows 1921, Don White, guard, 1922, Ray Miller, guard, 1926, George Spiad ling, forward, 1928 29 30, Charles Murphy, center, 1930 31 32 John Wooden, guard, 1934, Emmett Low eiy, guard, 1936, Robert Kessler, forward, 1937 38, Jewell Young, forward, 1940, Fred Beietta, guard Boilermaker’s Brilliant ’32 Team In selecting the national col legiate championship teams the Boilei maker’s biilliant 1932 com bination, which won 17 games and lost one, is named for the countiy’s top honor in that campaign, while Wooden, one of the few three-time All Ameiica selections, is named as the “Playei of the Year” for the same season Wooden also claims a spot lor the Riveters on the “All Time All America” team, with Muiphy being accorded a positron on the second team In commenting on the selec tron of Wooden, whose Central of South Bend high school quintet is one of the favorites for the Indiana state title this year, the Helms re port contains the following state
ment
Chosen Playei Of The Year “Probably the greatest all around guard of them all Brilliant on de fense, and an exceptional shot Chosen on Helms All America teams of 1930, 1931, and 1932 Chosen Player^ of the Year m 1932 by Helms Athletic Foundation “Member ol University team which von 10 straight games in 1930 to win Western Conference title Members of Boilermaker team of 1932, vhich was chosen for iia tioml championship honors by Helms Athletic Foundation Wood en led defensive play which held Riveter opponents to 215 points in 10 conference games in 1930 275 points in 12 games iii ’31, and 303 points nr 12 games in 1932 “Wooden scored 100 points in 10 conference games in 1930 97 points in 12 games m 1931, and 151 points m 12 games in 1932 His 154 points in 19 32 established a Western Con feience record ’ Naturally enough Ward Lewis (Piggy) Lambeit the dean of Big Ten inentois in point oi service and accomplishments who has just fin ished his twenty sixth season in charge of Boilermaker hardwood destinies, is one of ten men named for ‘gieatest coach’ honors
By lean Yargar
Big Ten wrestling tournament will begin at the University in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse tomorrow afternoon at 2 p. m. Semi-finals ot the tournament will be held tomorrow evening at 7 30 p m and the finals, deciding upon the champions, will
be Saturday afternoon at 2 30
All the Big Ten schools have registered their entrants in the meet Ohio State was un-
decided about entenng the contest with their team, but Coach Reeck received word yesterday that Ohio State does plan to enter some contestants in the vari-
ous weight classes
Defending Champions The Boilei makers, defending champions undei the leadership of Coach Claude Reeck, will have six men enteied in the tournament The weakness of the Rivetei team has become greater through the draft, and the Boilermakers have been deprived of the seiwices of three of then stars in service calls However, Coach Reeck is confident that Ruggieri, Davis, and others on the team will compensate for this loss. Riveters to be enteied in the contest will be as follows Dan Nettesheim will Wrestle in the 136 pound class, Marion Claseman in the 155, Velmai Davis wrestling in the 165 pound class, Warren Eviston m the 175 pound class, and heavyweight champibn of the Boilermakers, Frank Ruggieri The only class which will not be represented by a Boilermaker is the 128 pound class Today Coach Reeck feared that Velniai Davis, undefeated champ, would not be able to wrrestle when he fell in practice and seriously hurt his arm He was immediately taken to the doctor and his arm was Xiayed, but nothing serious was found to be wrong, so he will probably be able to defend his title for the Riveters tomorrow Boilermaker Co-Captauis Co captains for the Boilermaker squad are Velmar Davis and Frgrik Ruggieii Ruggieri was Big Ten champion last year and the obly man to defeat Agase of Illinois. Ruggieri defeated him with a score of 14 to 5 Both Velmar Davis and Frank Ruggieri of the Boilermaker team are undefeated so far this
Notice
All persons interested in tiv mg out tor the Golf team are asked to meet Coach Mlspaw in room 201 of the Fieldhouse from 4 to 6 on Thursdaj atternoon, March 4 Freshmen art eligible, and are urged to report —Harry Allspaw
New Candidates Fill Positions In Spring Football Practice Intensive sjuing football staitec' Monday with about foity men le poiting to head coach Burnham Because of lack of mateiial the en tne squad is playing togethei which includes fieshman, sophomore, junioi, and senior players Before ending the spring season in the latter part of April, Coach Burnham has announced that there will be some inter squad games This season’s squad seems to be made up almost entirely of new material The head coach sard that he couldn t yet tell the strength of the team until he saw how the oth eis in the Big Nine are faring under the constant loss of players The only former veterans out for practice now are Matrewitz, junior, who plays tackle and end, Baiwegan, junior and last yeai’s guard. Strain, junioi, playing left halfback, who proved to be a tuple threat man m last season’s games, and Close, junior fullback Smock, vetei an left halfback of last yeai’s varsity team, left school to join the Naval All Corps Buinham stated that the outlook for the fieshman team is rather shm for the coming year since about half of the team has already been taken into the armed forces He sard, however, that the team would continue to play Men coming out can become better physically fit for the armed forces Burnham sard that fate of the Big Nine will be decided this week end when the coaches will meet in Chi cago to discuss the futuie of foot
ball next season
Riveters Fence In Big Ten Match Saturday Satuiday the Big Ten will hold its annual fencing meet with the smallest numbei ol fenceis in the histoiv of the meet It will be held at the Univeisity of Chicago Ihis IS the hist yeai for a few seasons that the Boilermakers have been in the competition but changes in the rules have decreased the numbei of contestants Illinois now holds the championship Among the teams that are attend mg aie Illinois Chicago Noith western, Wisconsin Ohio State and
Purdue
Representing the Boilermakers will be Bob Bryant and Fred Rosen with foils, Tom Tiele Aaron Kaut man, and Bill Goldfishei with sabeis, Fred Rosen and Aaion Kaufman with epee Until this year the contestants have been allowed to use only one type ol weapon which reduces the number on the teams f i om nine to five foi the Univeisity six fiom Illinois and Wisconsin and seven f 10111 Ohio State
mm
QTaJiL J’hriaL Qo.
527 Mam Street
Phone 8451
Two of the Riveters who have been lost to the armed forces this year are Paiatoie and Matovrna In the Big Ten championship contest least year Matovrna -won the contest in the 136 pound dass Paiatoie was in the 155 pound class for the Boilermaker team The only two defending: champions in the entire Big Ten meet will be Ruggieri and Johnson Of Michigan All others have graduated Ol gone into the armed services Indiana’s Entrants Indiana which is usually a stiong contender has also lost heavily to the services and vvill probably enter the meet with only three lettermen Indiana’s three lettermen iiielvide Captain Haiiv Tiastei, 175 pounds; James Wilking, 155 pounds, and Don Burns, 145 pounds Johnson who will enter the tournament for Michigan will be defending his championship of last year In last year’s tournament, Johnson beat Maxwell of Michigan State who was the National Intercollegiate champion In the 128 pound class Wisconsin will enter Obeiley and Miller 'Wili be entered for Iowa Robbins of Indiana will be op posing the Boilermaker, Nettesheim, in the 165 pound class The Illini have already tested the Riveters in a dual meet which ended in favor ot Illinois 16 to 12. On 8 basis ol past peiTormances, Ilhnots has only little ad'vantage over the Boiieimakei team Illinois will be led by Captain Alex Ag’ase, coihpetitoi in the heavyweight class. The Illini won tour straight conference dual matches during the season, vyhich included a very close decision over the title holding Boilei makeis Riveter Pugilists Prepare For Meets Jim Beeis is now tutoring a completely new boxing team Eight dt the oiiguial membeis ot his Squ^d ue now in the Seivice A.t the present time Coach Beers is dulling his squad thoiou5,hly on the fundamentals ot the left jab Beeib IS pieparing his sluggers tor the toui tentative matches he has scheduled Tentative engagements ue with Michigan State, \alpuaibo abash College, and the Gin \ MC A. The mc'ets are to iic hold even two vyeeksm
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, March 4, 194^
SENIOR PROM A BIG WEEKEND FOR ANY MAN WHO IS COMFORTABLY AND CORRECTLY GROOMED
SHE WILL BE DEEPLY IMPRESSED IF YOU SHOW UP IN A BEAUTIFULLY TAILORED SET OF TAILS OR A HANDSOME TUXEDO
OF ACCSbHiOMlES •>
COMPLETE STOCK OF ACCESSORIES