■> A i-i*» %•' *'■
Noted Novelist Will Speak At Lecture Convo Next Tuesday “The American Responsibility” will be the topic of J. B. Priestley’s talk -when he speaks at the season’s second lecture convocation Tuesday at 8 p. m, in the Memorial Gymnasium. ' Priestley was born in Yorkshire, England, in 1894, the son of a school master. After serving in the infantry during the World War, he studied at Cambridge University where he majored in literature and history. Though better known as a novelist, dramatist, essayist, ' and critic, Priestley prefers to be called a student of world affairs. Priestley rose to international fame soon after the publication of his “The Good Companions,” which has since been translated into many languages. Priestley holds degrees from Cambridge, St. Andrews, and Colorado Universities.
the Purdue
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana November 18, 1937 NUMBER 57
Trip In Special Train Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick announced last night the Purdue Military Band will make the trip to the Indiana game at Bloomington Saturday on a “Purdue Band Special” train w^hich is being run by the Big Four railroad. This tram will leave Lafayette at 8 a. m. Saturday, carrying about 145 bandsmen plus a baggage-car full of their equipment. The marching band is working full time this week despite the cold weather and icy winds to perfect its new formations and to increase its maiching cadence to about 160, in 01 del that they may pi’esent their best perfo' mance of the yeai Saturday.
ctivity Hea
Idns To
ce Fres
“We want to get more students out for the activities they’re best fitted for. We want to tell freshmen the score—^let them know the facts about and the benefits from each and every campus club, honorary, publication, and society. “We want to publicize little-known activities. “We want, later, to coordinate all campus groups—to get them to work together—tp have them help every student find his own particular place in Purdue’s extra-curricular program !” was the unanimous pledge taken by 75 student leaders
after the activities banquet in the Union faculty lounge last
night.
These 75 devised a comprehensive campaign to achieve their goal. On Tuesday a chart will be distributed to every student. Every activity— over loo of them—^will be outlined on this chart. .
At the fouith Union sponsored frhe budge lesion at 7:15 tonight in the Union Building, J. L. Born will teach the beginning of contract bidding, valuation of'honor tricks openbids, and responses by partners of opening bidders. The lesson will have to do primarily with the development of no trump contracts. It will be followed next week by the development of trump contracts.
Co-eds
WSGA counselors met Tuesday afternoon with Dean Dorothy Stratton, to discuss the future counseling of the freshmen women. During the meeting counselors filled out questionaires which will be used as a basis for next year’s counseling program. Aiding with the WSGA program of helping freshmen, there is a committee other than the one of upperclass women. The members of this committee are: Miss Clare Coolidge assistant to theulean of women. Miss Roberta Connolley, head resident of Women’s Residence Halls, Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of Women’s Residence Halls, and Dean Dorothy Stratton. Dr. Harriet O’Shea, of the Education department service, acts as advisor to this committee. Dean Stratton gave the following statistics concerning co-ed delinquencies: 40 per cent of freshmen women, 32 per cent J3f the women living in-the^residefice halls, 20 per cent of the upperclasswomen, and 31 per cent of all the women students received yellow slips.
No Exponent Sunday Publjcation of this paper will be suspended on Sunday, November 21. No paper will be issued Friday, November 26. With those exceptions, publication will continue as regularly until December 18.
Within two weeks a series of biweekly meetings designed for freshmen, open to students, will begin. At each meeting one activity or several related activities will be completely described and discussed by their lespective heads. The weeks’ other three nights will be devoted to a bureau set up for personal interviews devoted to students’ activity chances and choices. George Ade Goes South For Winter George Ade, famed' alumnus of the class of ’87, fully recovered from his last year’s illness, arrived in Miami, Fla., Tuesday for his winter vacation. Ade will be 72 February 9. When interviewed about George M. Cohan’s recent play-“I’d Rather Be Right” Ade remarked, “I can picture only one other president besides Mr. Roosevelt. That was Teddy Roosevelt.” The play he termed the boldest portrayal of a president ever taken. Xi Sigma Pi Initiates Six Forestry Students Six forestry students were ini,tiated into Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary, at ceremonies held in Bawter’s Lodge, near Battle Ground, last Saturday night. Newly initiated men are: A. M. Herrick, West Lafayette: R. W. House, Fairland; V. J. Kuzmitz, Gary; G. C. Romeiser, Union City; and D. F. Bline, Milltown. Local Kiwanis Club Makes Preparations For Annual Football Squad Banquet Judge Michael Fansle of the Indiana supreme court and former star football player at Notre Dame University and Elmer Lay den, Notre Dame’s head football coach, will be the principal speakers at the annual Kiwanis club banquet in honor of the Purdue football squad. This dinner will be held Monday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, In addition to the program of speakers, awards to the varsity and freshman teams will be announced and, the 1938 captain will be elected. Banquet tickets have been placed on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s and the Union desk; they may be bought from Kiwanis Club ;nembers.
Virginia C.
Meets Tonight At 7:30 “Symphony in Fragrance,” a motion picture made by the Coty perfume company, will be shown at a meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. The meeting will feature a short discussion of the new membership drive and a fashion show sponsored by Loeb and Hene’s.
ers
Originally scheduled for tonight, the Green Potters election has been indefinitely postponed due to tonight’s pep session. Green Potters is an all-freshman organization.
Dragon Fli^s Take Leave Of War-Torn Land Of Dragon
A collection of dragon flies from war-torn China arrived at the University a few days ago for Dr. B. E. Montgomery of the university entomology staff, who has been making a collection of these flies for some years, 'fhe rare specimens, that
numbered several hundred, were
gathered by Claude R. Kellogg,
an American connected with the
Fukien Christian University at Foochow, China. Dr. Montgomery has been in touch with Kellogg at various times in past years, collecting the insects. Kellogg stated that the letter and flies were being sent on the last mail out of Foochow on August 21 as the mail thereafter was subject to delay because of the war situation. Kellogg reported an American gunboat standing by at that time. Bolfman Will Speak At
Petroleum Open Meeting Fred W. Bollman, adult education teacher for the state of Indiana, will speak on tests made on petroleum and petroleum products tonight at 7 p. m. in room 102 of Michael Gol-
-X
den Shops. The meeting is open to the general public.
Pep Session Throng Will Form Parade Tonight At 7 Entire Band Will March To Stuart Field For Miss Indiana's Cremation At Hands Of Boilermakers
Bulletin
Debris editor Chuck Ehinger announced last night that all Debris group pictures scheduled for sittings tonight have been ^ postponed until the same hours next Tuesday. Sore throats will be the aim of all Riveter rooters tonight when they gather around the roaring bonfire on Stuart Field and yell themselves hoarse. Yes, they’ll yell themselves hoarse because in that way they can show their Boilermaker team that they want a victory in that -last game Saturday—and more than a victory they want victory’s reward: a certain OLD OAKEN BUCKET.
Six Purdue 'B' Team By 1. N. Diana
Men Scalp
Hoosiers
The Bloomington hospitals and morgues v/ere overflowing early yesterday morning following a disastrous battle when six Purdue ‘B’ team gridmen attacked a weeping mob of.. lU studd'its, who were at the time gathered ^rdtind the slightly decayed carcass of the late Miss Indiana Football. The six Purdue men returned with 500 scalps and the emaciated cadaver, casketed and sealed in a boiler. Lies In State Miss Indiana lay in stafe yesterday afternoon in the Great Hall of the Union, cui’ious crowds hung around the bier making bets as to whether the consumptive-looking skin-covered skeleton was ever anything human. “Looks like a corrugated washboard wrapped up in a yellow^ dog’s skin!” commented one spectator.
Assembling at 7 o’clock tonight in front of the Union Building, the pep session crowd will march behind the full-strength Purdue Bahd to upper Stuart Field, where bonfire flames will warm their vocal cords and create some of that “fightin’ spirit” the team needs for an lU victory. Build Fire Fraternities will send pledges to the rear of the Armory this afternoon, to gather wood for this blaze. Skull and Crescent men will take charge and build the bonfire. In case the crowd wants to know just what is going to happen at Bloomington, Acting Coach Mai Elward, Cecil Isbell, and Jim Zachary will be there to tell them with short pep talks. Pop Doan will be there too. He’s going to preach the last rites for Miss Indiana, who will be cremated on the bonfire funeral pyre. She’ll be drawn to the rally in an old hearse pulled by a team of horses. Rally planners were negotiating for a public address system last night—they want every person in the crowd to hear what the speakers have to say. They also requested that fraternities bring wreaths for Miss Indiana’s bier—^it needs beautifying.
ill
Little International Draws 800 To See Livestock Preview Purdue’s Little International last night drew a crowd of 800 people, as the Hoof and Horn Club presented 85 head of livestock in a preview of the International Livestock Exhibition. The International will be held in Chicago, November 27 to December 4. Hogs, sheep, cattle, and horses were shown, but the horses will not be taken to Chicago. As an added attraction^ Lawrence Gobble, president of the Hoof and Horn Club, and Gilman Stewart, a junior AH student, gave a demonstration showing how steers are fitted for the show ring. J. H. Hoeffer was in charge of the show, and F. G. King acted as chairman. Prof. W. W. Smith was in charge of t}\g hog show; Prof. C. F. Gobble directed the cattle display; Prof. R. B. Cooley was in charge of the horses and J. T. Fi-ost superintended showing of the sheep. Oil Company Man To
Initiate Six Today Delta chapter of the Kappa Delta Pi, national education honorary, will initiate six at ceremonies to be held this afternoon at 5:30 in rooms one and two of the Memorial Union Building. Initiates are Anna Belle Clawson, Mary F. Davis, Jane Denny, Margaret Jenkins, Ruth Reeder,
and Harriet Yoder.
Immediately following the initiation ceremonies, will be a banquet in the peasant room of the Union. Wayne Byrd, president of the university chapter of Kappa Delta Pi, will welcome the new members. Margaret Jenkins will respond. Blanket Hop Tickets Go
“We’ll have\a good hot fire,” sgM Qn Sale Today At Union
Cheerleader Wellbrock, “because will be a cold, cold day before she
(The yellow pallor was the aftermath of Yellow Jitteritis, which was the cause of Miss Indiana’s death). Hit By a Tackling Dummy “I heard she hit a tackling dummy and the dummy fought back,”
jeered another.
“Nuts! All this fuss is just balon.ey. I claim she’s been dead for years, and nobody could tell the difference. If she had a husband, I’d shy this thing was a mummy.” wisecracked a third Purdudent. Meanwhile funeral plans were being made, and adequate services arranged for. Phi Kappa Sigma donated the use of its horse-drawn hearse, and cheerleaders consented 1;o have the pep session bonfire used
as the funeral pjrre.
ever sees that bucket again!”
Monon Roundhouse Crews Have Own Oaken Bucket
By Jim McKee ^ When Purdue’s Boilermakers defeat Indiana’s Hoosiers Saturday and the Old Oaken Bucket again comes back to its glass case in the Library, another Old Oaken Bucket will make the return trip. It’s the bucket belonging to the Monon Shop Roundhouse crew. Years ago, when the special to Bloomington was a highly decorated affair, the engineers instigated the idea of having a bucket of their own. This bucket would commute between roundhouses as did the Purdue bucket. Still Have A Bucket Specials to I.U. haven’t been decorated for five or six years, but they still have the bucket. “In the good old days,” said
George F. Crumbo, roundhouse engineer, “we used tjo paint the engine in Old Gold and Black. Signs with “Beat Indiana” and “Yea Purdue” were painted on the tender. One year we had the names of all the players on the tender.” Spend Own Time Monon Shop workers would spend hours of their own time decorating the cab and tender the night before the trip. The following year the crew from Bloomington would try to out do the Lafayette decorations of the previous year. “If Purdue wins Saturday,” continued Mr, Crumbo, “we’ll bring back our Old Oaken Bucket. It’s just like the Purdue bucket, but it’s much better looking.”
Fifty tickets for the annual Pur-due-Indiana Blanket Hop to be held at the Indiana University Union Building Saturday evening following the game will go on sale at the
Union desk this morning.
Don Bestor and his band, who played for last year’s Junior Prom, will furnish the music. Ducats may
be had at $1.98.
Joseph C. Lingo Confers With State Safety Countil Joseph C. Lingo, safety specialist of the University staff, was in Indianapolis yesterday to confer with the state safety committee regarding- examinations for drivers licenses. These examinations will become effective later this year. Lingo was in charge of similar work in Delaware for several years before joining the staff of the National Safety Council in Chicago. He came to the University last month to work with local police depart ments in organization of ti-affic safety and accident prevention bureaus.
N. L. Haider, of the Carter Oil Company will be on the campus today to interview Purdue engineers interested in oil company work upon graduation. The Carter Oil Company is a subsidiary of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey. Those seniors chosen by the Personnel Office for interviews will be called by that official. A group interview will be held at 9:00 this morning. Home Ec Survey Class Will Hear Instii'ute Director Mrs. Leone Caroll, director of the Jewel Homemakers’ Institute, Barrington, 111., will speak to the class in survey of home economics today. She will talk on “Opportunities in the Commercial Home Econohiics Field.” I Junior and senior home economics’ students may arrange for appointments with Mrs. Carroll through Miss Beeman of the home economics department. Grads Get New Positions L. W. Haig, EE ’15rhas been appointed chief engineer for the Standard Transformer Company of Warren, 0. G. O. Hendee, EE ’34, is designing engineer, and will serve as Haig’s assistant.
Exponent Sophomores All sophomores regular-ly enrolled on the Exponent publication staff report for short meeting today at 4:10 p. m. in Union office to arrange schedules. If you cannot be present, instruct some one who is coming, of your work night preferences—all six. —Broel|uIff
I
THE PUBDUE E3d>OHENt
Although Campus Leaders... ... . signified unanimous support for the current activities program at last night’s banquet, some perplexity still exists as to the prime purposes of the movement. This condition is only natural, however, since even those persons most intimately connected with the plans are not certain whither their actions may lead. One objective is definite: every activity on the campus should be brought before the eyes of every student in the University before he decides what organization or organizations are going to receive his extra-curricu-lar efforts. There are enough activities at Purdue, but not all of them are getting reasonable attention, and not enough students are engaged in those activities. Some juniors and seniors are taking no part in ex-tra-curricular affairs of the Uriiyersity merely because they were not familiarized with opportunities therein until it was too late for them to enter the activity of their choice. Some organizations are lacking workers and supporters because they have not been publicized adequately to new students of the University. Then there is this talk of “coordination” and “correlation” of activities. No one is sure just what those terms mean in their application to activities, so some misunderstanding has arisen over this point of the activities project. Perhaps the need for correlation of activities may be expressed most clearly by concrete examples. At least two occasions for such interrelation have come up this fall. First, in the process of gathering the information for the mass activities chart which will be distributed to all students next week, it was learned that several organizations were engaged, or had been engaged, in that same work : the Exponent published a brief summary of campus activities in its first issue of the semester; WSGA was collecting activities material for its own group; PI A annually attempts to get independent students into activities and was interested in the same work; and then Union Vice President L. A. Jacobson was contacting every organization on the campus to get information for the composite chart. That is an excellent example where a little coordination of effort would have saved time and work and perhaps produced more satisfactory results. At least three organizations are now inter,ested in establishing better housing conditions on the campus:
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER gKesocinted ^oUe^iatr 'ilrees NAMSON WISCOH9M Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan.' 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Suinmer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. RBeRESENTab FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National AdvertisingServiceJnc. College Publishers Reliresentative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles ■ San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors... D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary ...Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager... J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager ....M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors ...Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor.;.. R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors^ ;J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited," are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Keck Thursday, November 18, 1937
Exponent, PI A, and the Purdue Student Alliance. In this case those groups are combining their efforts and they can see definite beneficial results of correlation. As we said, no one is quite certain where the present activities program may lead. Problems will have to be solved and plans made as the project progi’esses.
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor: l am thoroughly griped. The In<liana game pep-session is THE event of the fall season. BUT—I, along with about 70 other Purdue students, can’t be there. WHY ? Because of someone’s lack of cooperation. Last week I was notified that the Debris picture of Alpha Phi Omega would be taken on Thursday evening Nov. 18 at 7:15. I thought, well that’s fine, then the fellows will have the rest of the evening free for something else. Yesterday the secretary of the organization and I got out 75 postcards, one to each member and each faculty member. The purpose was to cooperate with the Debris and have them all there on time so there would be no delay in taking the picture. Thinking that time would have been arranged for the pep session I planned a short business meeting afterwards. Last night before I gave the notice of the meeting to the Exponent I called the office and asked what time the pep meeting was to be. No one knew. Finally someone referred me to the Union. I called there and did discover that all details would be in the Exponent Wednesday moi’ning. Not satisfied with that, I then^
called the president of the Gimlets, but he was out to a meeting. Back again to, the Exponent office. I was told that yes, it would be in the Exponent in the morning, but they did not know yet what time it would be. So, I had to be content with that, and as it was then near the deadline of 8 p. m., I gave them the notice of the meeting and the picture. I thought, of course, since the various pictures were to be taken until 7:30, that the pep session would be at 8 p. m. Upon opening this morning’s Exponent I find that the pep session is to start at 7:00 Even if we eliminate the business meeting, and have the picture taken exactly on time, there are 75 loyal Boilermakers who will not be able to attend Miss Indiana’s cremation. All because of a lack of cooperation among student organizations. Donald G. Moore, President Alpha Phi Omega. WAA Holds Annual Spoils Spread At Cabin Tonight WAA members will hold its annual Fall Sports Spread at the WAA cabin this afternoon at 5:30. “P” monograms will be awarded girls who have earned a thousand points in women’s athletics. Girls with a total of 100 points will, receive class numerals. Tickets should be secured before noon today.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Hm HAPPENS TO AMEilOANS HELD CAPTIVE IN WAR-ZONEP
STARTS TODAY LUMA
Today — Fri. — Sat.
miEs
FRANKIE DARK®; KANE RICHfMON® JUNE JOHNSON ANN EVERS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Thuisdoy, November 18^ 1937
By Lichty
The Gimlets’ “Miss Indiana” certainly isn’t a beauty, but she looks like we hope Indiana will look after the game Saturday .. . legs twisted, jersey askew, pants torn and other essential equipment a bit out of line or proportion. Jack Goory, has returned from Detroit wearing that ‘love-in-bloom’ attitude on his sleeve. He says his Detroit mama is the “first pure thing in my life.” If that doesn’t rub the local gals the wrong way, we don’t know what will. QUESTIONS WE’D LIKE ANSWERED 1. Why is , Bill Bailey’s roadster seen zipping around the campus so late at night ? 2. Why is Bill Bailey seen in the dark corners conversing heatedly with juniors? 3. Why does Bijl Bailey seem to be carrying the world’s worries around on his shoulders ?
Starting Today DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS — ELMER RICE’S PULITZER PRIZE DRAMA!
Also Mickey Mouse
HE’S WHAT LOVE IS ALL ABOUT! (Ji{^ ask Olivia!) BRIAN AHERNE OLIVIA
DeHAVIllAND Great Garrick
with £DW.EvEBEn HORTON MEimLE COOPER LIONEL ATWILL LUIS ALBBRNI • MARIE WILSON. LANA TURNER A James Whale Proihiotloa A Pliy FMTiMSmaity Bnut Vaia. A WARNER BROS. PICTURB Personally Supervised by MERVYN LEROY
mn TODAY
‘It condemns the lack of morals in the younger generation and wonders where they’re heading for!”
If you can’t guess the answer, we wish to remind you that Prom elections are fast approaching. Why, Bill, don’t you know Prom is for juniors ? We noticed that all the girls sat near Money Bags Siebenthal at the activities banquet last night. Won-
der il the rumor about Art picking the Debris beauties had anything to do with that?
Electricals, fresh from an inspection trip, are wondering if you have heard the, latest about love in a depot, known as “Sparking at the Terminals.”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
1
The Last
IS never s
at
The urge to “make it better” is always there T7f THEN you approach old problems with a fresh view- ? " point, you often get outstanding improvements. For example: wires for telephone cable had long been insulated by a spiral wrapping of paper ribbon. Refusing to accept this as the “last word,” a Western Electric engineer mixed a wood pulp solution in a milk bottle—poured it on a wire—the pulp stuck. The systematic development of this idea resulted in a new and more economical insuluting process—making an insulating covering of paper right on ttie wire! Such originality leads to improved manufacturing processes and better telephone apparatus for the Bell System.
Manufuetttring Plunts iic ChicagOf III;"MW
J
Tlturodkiy. November 18,1937 smjpmmmmataciassBsaBsapmatsxtisaesss Indiana Team Fears Strong Boilermaker ( Back Combinations By R. L. McDonald In spite of the spirit of dejection which permeated the campus atmosphere last week with regards to the Indiana game, hopes at the present time seem decidedly on the upgrade, and t^ie Boilermaker fans are going to Bloomington this week-end with blood in their eyes and a victory song upon their lips, win or l6se. Although Indiana has the betj;er record from the standpoint of games won, Hoosier fans can discard the dope bucket and form chart when it comes to picking the outcome of the contest for the Old Oaken Bucket. Beset by hard luck all season the Boilermakers should be in top form Saturday. With thoughts of the mortification following a defeat by any Miss Indiana team as an added incentive, they should win, hands down. Offer Fine Offensive Attack Indiana can offer nothing to match Purdue’s backfield material and will find it hard to stop the triple-threat touchdown combination of Lou Brock and Cecil Isbell. Although Corby Davis, Indiana’s much publicized fullback, is considered as good as any in the country, he will have to be in top form to match the gi’ound gaining power drives of Tony Juska^ The fact that Indiana fears Purdue’s offensive attack is clearly shown by a statement recently made by Bo McMillin, Indiana mentor. “Our big worry is how to stop their big, fast b^cks and those speedy ends. Purdue has a fine passing attack, and while we have had some fair luck on defense this year, we have shown increasing weakness against passes the last couple of weeks.”
tHE Pmom EXPONENT
Indiana-Purdue Battle for Old Oaken Bucket* Nov* 20
This group of backfield stars will provide plenty of excitement for the spectators, with Corby Davis and Frank Filchock of Indiana, pitting their strength against the elusiveness of Cecil Isbell and Louis Brock of Purdue. The game starts at 1:30 p. m.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Lunch
in
the
Grill Lounge We satisfy all types of mid'day hunger with Selected Hot Lunches or a variety of Sandwiches and Beverages
J/UL fiwvdusL Wjufw^mL lAnimL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
ARC
Today
TheRmi/efm
and THROBBING
Fri. — Sat.
THRILLS!
—ALSO— '^^Robinson Crusoe” —PLUS— “State Police Raid” SUNDAY — MONDAY “50 Roads to Town”
“Too Many Wives”
TOUCHBALL
—Today— Field 1—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Chi or Pi K. A.—Kerber-Wallace. 3—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or Delta Chi—Boy-er-Juillard. 5—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Tau or Phi Pi Phi—LepplaTroyer. 10—Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 4—Van-Hook-Billings. (Final game)
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, NOV, 27 Ballet and Tap Classes ENROLL NOW ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
PURDUE BAND SPECIAL TO BLOOMINGTON S* 00
Round Trip
Saturday, Nov. 20, 1937 Leave Lafayette 8:00 A. M. Arrive Bloomington 12:50 Noon (2 hours in Indianapolis for Lunch) LEAVE BLOOMINGTON AFTER GAME Arrive Indianapolis about 5:30 P. M. Leave Indianapolis 12:00 Midnight Arrive Lafayette 1:15 A. M., Sunday , Special train will operate to and from INDIANA UNIVERSITY STADIUM. No Walk — No Taxi—No Congestion Tickets good fo arrive Lafayette by Noon Monday. Visit your relatives and friends in Indianapolis over the week-end. Purc^iase Tickets in Advance For Full Information Call A. E. YANCEY, C. P. & T. A. Phone 6303 BIG FOUR RAILROAD
fielder's choice
By Bob McDonald Readers of the Exponent sports page will be given a special treat through this column tomorrow . . . Bill Buchanan, Sports Editor of The Indiana Daily Student has kindly consented to reveal all the secret plays, schemes, and tricks, with which Bo McMillin hopes to defeat the Boilermakers Saturday . . . the entire column will be lurned over to Bill . . . we accept responsibility for nothing, but whatever it is, it should make darn good reading . . . —fc— The biggest and best pep session of the year will be held tonight . . . a very sad affair will be the main event on the card .. that well known personality from the hills to the south, Miss Indiana will be cremated . . . —fc— Two of the main events on the fall intramural program wijll be completed tonight . . . Ward 12 and Cary Hall 4 will meet in the final game of the ward touchball tournament ... a new event is also scheduled for this evening . . . the fraternity all-freshman cross-coun-try run . . . the primary purpose is to develop some material for Coach Phillips . . . don’t fail to see what Bill Buchanan has to say tomorrow. Fraternity Fresh Run In Cross Country Meet Today This afternoon at 4:15 the intramural department is sponsoring a cx’oss-country run for fraternity freshmen. Only those freshman who have reported regularly at the stadium for practice during the last five weeks will be eligible to run this afternoon. Two or more men will compose each team. The winning team will receive 40 points toward the interfraternity participation trophy. Participation points will be given to each team finishing in eighth place or higher.
Indiana Football Team isWellNancedWifii Few Individual Stars Indiana’s roster of football players has met its “suicide” schedule so successfully that one is apt to reflec-t upon McMillin’s pre-season pessimism and appeals for material with a bit of cynicism. Advance dope had it that Indiana was anything but a potential champion in the way of football. To date, however, the Hoosiers have lost only one Big Ten game and, in general, have carried on a complete upset campaign. Coach “Bo” McMillin began the current schedule with the job of rebuilding the framework of his football team around 13 lettermen. Despite the array of facts pointing to a “cellar” season for the Hodsiers, they have several players that are defiinitely headed for stardom. The list is headed by Captain “Jick” Kenderdine, rangy end, who has been a prominent defensive player for two seasons, and “Corby” Davis, 200-pound fullback. Davis has developed into one of the best fullbacks in the Big Ten this season and is the Hoosier’s top bet for AllAmerican honors. George “Sparky” Miller, 190 pound center has proved himself to be one of the outstanding kickers of all time. He not only kicked two field goals last season to win a game, but he defeated the Hawkeyes 3-0 this year with his field goal. To compare with Purdue’s “tackle twins” Indiana has two star wrestlers in its starting lineup. These big tackles are Charles “Big Mac” McDaniel, member of the 1936 Olympic wrestling team, and former National Collegiate champ, and Bob “Spanky” Haak, runner-up in Big Ten and National Collegiate tournaments last year. McDaniels tips the scales at 195, but Haak can equal the “tackle twins” with 220 pounds. Frank “Schnozzle” Filchock has been handling Vernon Huffman’s position at quarterback and has become Indiana’s triple threat man. He not only is a shifty andi elusive broken field runner, but specializes in tricky lateral passes.
SPECUL RATE TO THE INDIANA GAME Ride in a late model car equipped with a heater. SEE US OR PHONE 6444 UNITED CAB CO. St. Nicholas Hotel
jaAen. MudsmiSu JbaUc cloJtheA,
THE SUBJECT TURNS TO FRESHNESS Look in your closet and see if your winter clothes are ready to wear. If not, send them to ^ West Side Cleaners Northwestern at Vine St., W. L. Ph. 4Q81 Don't torget our very reasonable storage wt foe your summee
-
1
V’-?; ' lx*'THE PUBDUE EXPONENT^
Thursday, November 18,1937
J
WB AA Programs
Thursda> November 18 11 00—Coi neha Belle Clai k pi anist 11 15—PTA Council 11 30—Paiadc of Melody 11 50—Pill due Newb Flashes 12 00—RebaHaiwood sopiano 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Scientific News Review Di Call J Klemme 12 45—Song-N and Melodies 1 15—Bettei Expiession bi Robei t Horn 1 30—Melody Time 1 45—Maiket and Weathei Reports 2 00—Geogiaphy in the News
LEARN TO DANCE Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S "V^ed., Nov. 24, 7 30 p m ADVANCED Fridav, Nov. 26, 7 30 p. m. Adult Tap Class Opens Thursday, Dec. 2
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
2 15—Melody Time 2 30—You and Your Child 2 46—Tieasuie Chest 3 00—Community Chest 3 IC—Afternoon Melodies 3 46—Intel esting People in the News, Louise Edw'ai ds 4 00—The Stoiy Book Houi 4 15—Gordon Graves, piano 4 30—You and Yom Radio 4 45—Twnlight Musicale
Four Teams EEiminated in Second Round Of Bowling
Sigma Phi Epsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, and Theta Tau fiateinities weie victoiious in then bowling matches Tuesday night in the second lound of the Union bowl mg tournament Sigma Phi Epsilon defeated Pi Kappa Alpha with a total o^ 2,253 to 2,044 TCappa Delta Rho defeated Alpha Tau Omega, 2,167 to 2,025, Kappa Sigma won fiom Pi Kappa Phi 2,253 to 2,047 In the closest match of the evening Theta Tau baiely edged out Delta Upsilon with 2,267 pins to the lattei’s 2,238
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
‘^DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAULA RISK DR HAROLD J RISK DR ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This IS all we do, but we do it well
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of cor sagres available to Purdue Students
527 Main
Phone 5432
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Mam and Sixth Sts.
■Taxi Service —
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
Dine
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
— Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
■ Barbers —
MODEL BARBER SHOP
222 No. 5th Street Lafayette ‘THREE GOOD BARBERS’
Furniture
Student Equipment JjumUwui
42S Columbia St. Phone 272S
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U S 52 at Lindbergh Road
Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L C N and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Auto Rental
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Mam street
WANTED—Ride to Bloomington Fiiday, leaving aftex foui Call Gaidnei, 7351
Bowle|rs: There will be no merchants league bowling November 31 —GARTEN
FOR RENT—Rooms fox 3 students 434 Littleton
FOR SALE—Remington portable typewiitei Good as new Reasonable 434 Littleton
STUDENTS WANTED—To do slide lule calculations 40 cents an houi See Mr Lutz in room 134 of the Electiical Building at 4 p m Thuisday
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8pm
Conditional Students Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Prom and Gala Week Committees Secure petitions at Senate office room A 4 to 5pm until November 23 —ELLIOTT
WAA Hockey Conference Girls going t< Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women s Gym at 11 a m Saturday —BRADY
CE G and CE 10 (Camp) Eximinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p m Get per mits in CE 109 before December 1 —TODD
Hydraulics (C E 41) An examination for th removal of C grades will be given in Room 203 Civil Engineering Building, on N vember 27th from 1 to 4 p m Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November 2o —GREVE
Purdue Flying Club There is one share in ship available Call 3053 CONWAY
WAA Piaetice game Novcmbci 18 at 4 m for girls going to Chicago for Hockey Play Diy —DOBSON
PIA The beginning lance class will meet Novtmb 1 18 at 30 p m in the Union 111 oom CLYMER
Independent Staff Meeting in PIA office N V mbei 18 at p m Bring stiing books —MEACHAM
Minstrel Show Following please rcpeit to the towe room of the Union Building at 1 p m Novembei 18 B Skinner D Muller B Bui ns M Starrett E Plater E Ruth R R Moek R S xton B J Sexton in 1 J Ciial Mil I HOI LAND
Hockey Play Day Meeting Novembei 18 t 1 p m I WAA office Important BRADY
Plavshop Costume Committee Important ting N \ ml er 18 at 1 p m ii Worn n L i n e of th U ii i B ilding McCOOL
LEAKING —
Wdtei Jackets, Cylinder Heads and Manifolds Repaired
Our Process Guaranteed
Also Welding Machine Work and Pattern Making
Retlig Engineering Co.
Cor 2nd & Ferrj Phone 3782 Geo P Rettig Purdue M E 1910
Union Sophomores All available sophomores please repoit to office November 18 at 4 o clock —JACOBSON
Union Committee Our committees leport to the Union work room at 4 o clock Novem bei 18 —SAMUELSON GARLAND
Union Committee My committee repoit to the Union office at 4 o clock November 18 —CROSSMAN
Co ed Bowling Thetas vs PIA in finals Novembei 18 at 7 o clock —CROSSMAN
YWCA Cabinet meeting at 4 30 Novem ber 18 Dinner will be served at 6 30 —BRYANT
Free Bridge Fourth lesson will be hdid in the reception room of the Union at 7 16 November 18 All interested please be there —MATTHEWS
Gold Peppers Short meeting at 5 p m November 18 in WSGA office / —SLOCUM
WAA Riflery Practice Novembei 18 at 6 16 Pedalion and Phi Mu at 7 Chi Omega at 7 46 Kappa Kappa Gamma at 8 30 make up —CHRISTENSON
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts Will be held the, afternoon of November 18 in the Gym —FIFIELD
Seniok-s All seniors who have received their proof cards come to the Debris office before 8pm November 18 —STEBENTH^L
Kappa Delta Pi Initiation ceremony is to
be hel din rooms 1 and 2 of the Unwp at 6 30 p m , November 18 followed by banquet m the peasant room Executive committee please leport at 6 o’clock —BYRD
Tau Beta Pi All actives and pledges meet at Acacia fraternity at 7 30 p m November 18 for formal pledging —GRIEGER
Cosmopolitan Club Short meeting at 7 p m November 18 in room D of the Union Building —CARACCIOLO
Gilder Club Open meeting November 18 on first floor of the Library Building at 7 30 p m —MOORE
Playshop Meeting in sub basement oSf the Union at 4 p m November 18 for publicity and stage crews Important —MULLER
Crown Cleaning
Means longer life to your new suit or overcoat, because Crown Cleaning removes the tiny particles of grit that weakens the fabric. In addition, your wool garments are moth proofed by the Monite system when cleaned by Crown. No extra charge for this service. t
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
Better Health From More Milk
For pep and endurance during winter
drink a glass of pure, cool, sweet milk and enjoy perfect health and happiness.
SUNSHINE FARMS
4th and UNION Sts.
PHONE 5015
TEMEL TO TOEHE
GREYHOUND You'll be thankful for the saving!
'^^OUR trip back h<Hne over Thanks- ^ giving week-end will be fun for all concerned—except the turkey. Even your pocketbook feels no pain—Greyhound fares are easiest on the allowance—only 1/3 the cost of driving a car. And there’s an extra 20% reduction on the back-to-college portion of 3w>ur round trip ticket! Get going—in. warmth and comfort by Greyhound
UNION BUS STATION 5th & Ferry Sts Phone 2105
Bill of Fares
Round Trip
CHICAGO
$3 55
INDIANAPOLIS
2 25
BLOOMINGTON
4 50
CINCINNATI
5.40
DAYTON, 0
5 55
COLUMBUS, 0
7 55
LOUISVILLE
5 20
ST LOUIS
9 00
DETROIT
9 45
CLEVi^iAND
10 45
R CHOICE OF SEVERAL DESIGNS
518-520 Main Si.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
*
i
ft
I