■::vii'r'^'.'; ' •■ ■ ,' v:.
1 -.’"iVU,. . -^rr
:;;;■
4*^"
Purdue
Z>lts
Expoxiozit
■;% ;iifw ■■ ^ - '"f ^ " . ’ ;:.'-r'^
Volume 5L No. 168
Thursday. May 2. 1940
Last Management Week Session Opens Today As climax to “Management Week” which has been in session on the campus this week since the opening of the Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute on Tuesday, industrial, utility and business executives today open a two-day conference concerned with problems of present day management. General problems of management „
Trish' O'Brien Will Speak at'P'Men's Dinner Tomorrow
will be interpreted by national and international authorities before today’s opening sessions. This morning, Dexter S. Kimball, consulting engineer and professor emeritus at Cornell University, will conduct a discussion on social and economic background for present day management. E, Claxton, director of research of the Armstrong Cork Co., of Lancaster, Pa., will speak this morning on the place of research as a major responsibility of manage-
ment.
David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees, will speak at luncheon today on the relationship of the farm chemurgic program to industry. Wallace Clark, internationally known management consultant, will open the afternoon’s program with an address of “Management Job Begins at the Top.” Problems which face the management of business and industry will be described by A. F. Dawson, of the Cincinnati Gas and Electric Co., Cincinnati, O., in the final address this afternoon. W. A. Hanley, chief engineer of Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis, will lead the resultant discussion. 'Harold G. Moulton, president of Brookings Institute, Washington, D. C., will be the principal speaker before a banquet in the Union this evening, with W. L. Batt, of Phila(Continued on page 4)
Prospective Enrollees . . . For Civil Engineering and Forestry Summer Camps: You will not be admitted to either of these camps unless you can show satisfactory evidence of having been vaccinated for typhoid fever within the last two (2) years. There is still enough time to complete these innoculations before final examinations begin, providing you report to the Student Health Service within the next two (2) days. S. J. Miller, Md. Director of the Student Health Service.
Herbert S. “Irish” O’Brien of Grand Rapids, Mich., captain and star fullback on Purdue’s 1914 football eleven, will be the principal speaker at the annual banquet of the International “P” Men’s club v/hich is to be held in the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. as one of the features of Gala Week. O’Brien is regarded as one of the greatest fullbacks ever developed at the University. He won major letters in football in 1912,1913, and 1914, and was also a leader in other extra-curricular activities. He served as president of the 1915 class, and was a member of Iron Key, and Phi Delta Theta. Dick Stapleton, president of the Student Athletic Association, will act as toastmaster at the banquet which will be attended by all campus lettermen in addition to returning alumni. Another feature of the evening will be the presentation of “P” blankets to senior lettermen by Professor G. A. Young, president of the international organization, and gold basketball charms to members of the Big Ten championship basketball squad by Coach Ward Lambert. Alpha GanimaRho . . . social fraternity, announces the electiop of the following officers for the year of 1940-’41: noble ruler, Lowell Sample; vice noble ruler, Jacob Slonaker; secretary, Don Ogilvie; treasurer and house manager, Stanley Hurst; assistant house manager, Truman Hayes; rush chairman. Bob Ralston; social chairman, Jean Brooks; athletic chairman Gerald Clotfelter; noble usher, John Turner.
'King Of Jazz' PredictsHeturn Of Blues Songs, Exit Of Swing
Twenty years ago it was “King of Jazz,” ten years ago it was “Dean of Modern American Music,” and now it has become “Dictator of Modern Rhythm.” And so go the titles of Paul Whiteman. The rotund maestro has taken pre-war American jazz; put it in white tie and tails; and has made it into sweet, classical swing. Since a young boy Whiteman has been “fiddling around” with a violin, his first professional job being with the Denver Symphony orchestra. However in college his ambition was not musical, but athletic. The then athletic body of Whiteman was an end and half back for the University of Denver eleven. His Famous “Rhapsody” The round face, down turned eyebrows, and small up-turned mustache have became synonymous with jazz. Whiteman was the first jazz orchestra to invade the citadel of symphony, Carnegie Hall, with a program of jazz. That was back in 192^. That night he played his theme “Rhapsody in Blue,” by George Gershwin. Since then he has played his theme at least once a day. His travels have carried him from coast to coast each year. One year he paid out $360,000 in travelling expenses alone. Whiteman Museum A lover of music and musical instruments, Whiteman has the
Whiteman Museum of American Music at Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts. In it are collected famous and rare musical instruments including a 7th century Tibetan horn, a 16th century Oliphant or war horn, an 18th centm-y bassoon, and many other instruments. Also in the collection are famous musical manuscripts dating back to pre-Revolutionary days. Whiteman is a believer that swing, jitterbug style, is on the way out, and that future swing will assume • the style of the old blues song.
President M. McAfee OfWellesley Will Give Baccaiaureate Sermon Mildred McAfee, president of Wellesley College, will deliver the baccalaureate addyess to members of the 1940 graduating class in the Musih Hall. This will be her first appearance on the campus, and she vdll be the first woman in the history of the University to give the baccalaureate address. She has been active in educational work since her graduation from Vassar College, where she was the president of her class and a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduation she taught in various private girls’ schools, receiving her master’s degree in 1928 from the University of Chicago. In 1934 she became dean of women at Oberlin College, and she has been president of Wellesley College since 1936. President McAfee is active in many educational groups. Among them are the American Council on Education and the Foreign Policy Association. She has received .honorary degrees from Oberlin, Williams, Bates, Mount Holyoke, and Goucher. Dr. Elliott Receives Honorary Degree At I. U. Anniversary Dr. Edward C. Elliott spoke yesterday at the 120th anniversary of the founding of Indiana University at Bloomington. He declared that education must provide the power to understand and solve “the great D's of destiny of our civilization.” These are doubt, demagoguery, dependency, debt, and disarmament. Following his address, Dr. Elliott was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of laws by Herman B. Wells, president of Indiana University, on recommendation of the Indiana faculty and by authority of the Indiana trustees. Last Night's Banquet Closes First Half Of 'Management Week' The first half of the “Management Week,” the two-day Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute which opened on campus Tuesday morning, closed last night when the two hundred leaders and workers in the personnel field who had gathered for conference on management problems convened for a banquet in the Unioni Harold F. Swift, vice-chairman of Swift and Co., Chicago, 111., and David E. Ross, local industrialist and president of the University board of trustees, spoke at the banquet. New Officers As one of the final actions of the Institute program yesterday, A. C. Brockriede, personnel director of the Sunbeam Electric Manufacturing Co., Evansville, was elected president of the Indiana personnel association. Wallace 0. Lee, assistant vice-president of the Indianapolis Power and Light Co., was named vice-president, and J. E. Walters, personnel director of the University, secretary-treasurer. Walter S. Gundeck, South Bend, retiring president, was appointed to the board of directors. Second and terminating half of the management week program opens this morning as industrial, utility, and business leaders gather for a two-day confei-ence on management. Robert Woodruff . . . trustee chief-executive of the Erie Railroad Company is planning to address the senior engineering students in the large lecture room of the EE building on May 7. He will arrive here today in order to attend the management conference and Gala Week festivities.
Celebrities, Banquets Stud Gala Week-End Program
Mildred McAfee
Music Hall festivity, Open House Headline 1940 Three-Day Show Beginning with registration at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning in the Great Hall of the Union, the University’s 1940 Gala Week will get under way. This year’s program promises to outshine all previous events of its kind, offering to Gala Week visitors for the first time a view of two new “Greater Purdue” improvements—a new Hall of Music, and a greatly enlarged Union building. Headlining the program will be
. . . president of Wellesley College, will deliver the baccalaureate address to members of the 1940 graduating class Sunday, in the Music Hall. Senior Hop Tickets Go On Sale Today At Union West Desk One thousand one dollar tickets for the Senior Hop, which brings Paul Whiteman and his orchestra here Saturday night, will go on sale today at the west desk of the Union. Additional .tickets will be available at the door Saturday night, it has been announced. The Hop, which is to be an informal dance, will be held in both ballrooms in honor of the Class of 1940. Ticket sale is open to seniors, all other students, and alumni.
The Gala Week committee made the following statement yesterday: “Although the Senior Hop is a function of Gala Week honoring the Senior Class, this dance is a Union mixer, given by the Union management. The engagement of Paul Whiteman makes it impossible to admit seniors free of charge. Their attention is called, however, to the 100 special tickets on sale for the Founder’s Day banquet, which admits bearer to the dance without charge.”
One hundred of the 1,200 tickets printed for the Founder’s Day banquet at 5:30 Saturday evening are set aside for seniors only. Seniors attending this banquet may sign for dance tickets upon presentation of passports, and dance to Paul Whiteman without further charge. These tickets will be sold from the hallway in front of the Union sweet shop today at 4:15 p.m. YWCA Cabinet Members Attend Supper Meeting; New Officers Preside Members of both this year’s and next year’s YWCA cabinets and advisory board members were entertained last night at a supper party at the home of Mrs. F. F. Chandler, member of the advisor-y board. Mrs. F. B. Knight, president of the advisory board, was head of the entertainment committee for the party. Catherine Cooley, retiring president of the cabinet, introduced the new officers, and Ruth Bryant, incoming president, then presided over the meeting. Reports were given by Louise Peterson, Katherine Ade, and Thelma Bugher on the various YWCA conventions to which they had been delegates.
the dedication of the Hall of Music tomorrow night, with Helen Jepson and Nino Martini, Metropolitan Opera stars appearing on the stage. Saturday night another JepsonMartini program will share hoilors with Paul Whiteman. The “King of Jazz” will play in both Union ballrooms for the Senior Hop, which is also open to other students and alumni. Tomorrow Morning Immediately upon registering, week-enders may purchase luncheon and dinner tickets in the Great Hall. They may make a tour of the completed Union building, (not forLocal Trio Will Travel To World's Fair As GM Guesfs Three University representatives are to be guests of General Motors at the New York World’s Fair for May 6. They are Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president; H. F. Fishburn, president of the Student Senate; and R. E. Insley, editor of the Exponent. These representatives will participate in a dinner program entitled “Challenge to Youth in Building the World of Tomorrow.” The principal speaker for the program will be Dr. C. F. Kettering. The group will leave Lafayette Sunday, May 5, and return Wednesday.
getting the art and photography exhibits), renew old acquaintances, and make a tour of the campus. A birds-eye view of the campus may be obtained any of the three days from planes operating from the University airport. Tomorrow and Saturday the Egg and Chick Show in the Poultry building will be open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. At 1:30 in the afternoon of the first day, campus open house'will
According to an announcement made last night by Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, faculty members may purchase tickets for the Founder’s Day banquet at the alumni office in the Union today. He urged prompt purchases as the number of tickets is limited. officially begin and will continue imtil 4 p.m. Agricultural, home ec, physical education, and science displays will be open. The library, locomotive museum, power plant, residence halls, armory, and the airport may be inspected at this time. ROTC Review At 4 p.m. the student ROTC corps will present a review on intramural field. Varsity baseball, tennis, and golf teams will be in action. At 6 o’clock dinners arranged by the var(Continued on page 4)
Typical Sorority Girl Prefers Cokes, Bright Nail Polish; Knits
By Jean Ann McClintock “Purdue University is a MAN’S school” . . . long has this phrase been the bane of Boilermaker coeds. So disregarding both precedent and the old Purdue ratio of four men to every woman, an informal survey has just been completed to discover some of the facts of life of the typical sorority girl at Purdue. Unable to imitate the 1940 Debris with its “complete campus coverage,” only two national sororities, one large and the other much smaller, were covered in the survey. Canvassing these female Greeks, undercover as well as in the open, many interesting facts and rumors were garnered about the “typical” sorority woman. “Miss Typical” “Miss Typical” is an upperclassman in the school of home economics, about twenty years of age, lives in the “house,” hopes to graduate, then marry immediately so she “won’t have to work.” She bums cigarettes . . . drinks occasionally ... but really prefers cokes to a sloe gin fizz. She goes to church regularly ... at home; but Sunday mornings at Purdue are mainly de- • voted to catching up on sleep. Although there are an unusually high number of red-heads in the two sororities included in the survey, the average girl has brown hair, blue-grey eyes, weighs about 120 pounds, height varies from five feet to five ten, with a five four average. Polish, Shadow She wears a bright nail polish, eye shadow at night . . . and eats (or otherwise gets rid of) three large tubes of lipstick per yeai\ Biggest drain on spending money allowance, which ranges from $8 to $36 a month, are “getting my hair
done” and succumbing to temptation while window shopping. Sorority co-eds seem to have wardrobes which are partly their room-mates, prefer classic sports clothes, dress to please men, and make other sorority women jealous, and are only indirectly influenced by Vogue. After that all-important, impression-making freshman year, when a pledge simply must have a new formal for every “big” dance, the girls get only about two or three per year. (They have to wear the others out). Miss Typical likes to have her dress clothes made especially or else she tries to buy them in some distant metropolis . ... to avoid “seeing dozens, just like mine.” Just Everything Contract bridge, bowling, dancing, knitting, riding, and just everyday coke joeing—^together with daily bull sessions with the sisters, and long nocturnal telephone calls from the MAN . . , these occupy the time of girls in sororities. Few of them do any outside work for wages . . . but activities are often entered into m.ore because the girls ai-e really interested in them, and not because the “house” requires it. Classes are cut regularly, and a minimum of studying is done before tests. Sorority women like Purdue men whom they date regularly, but gripe about trade dinner’s with fratei’nities. Averaging about four dates per week-co-eds like both independent and organized men, and hook them all for pins. By the time the typical sorority girl is a junior, she has usually stopped writing to the “man back home,” unless she is engaged by this time. A Pitt? She will probably have a “pin” or, at least the chance to take one by (Continaed on page 4)
:1By Serge A friend of oiirs, a certain Bob Smith, recently had quite a tussle with the Registrar’s Ofl5ce about his name. It seems that after coming to Purdue he decided that six Robert Smiths in the director were too many, especially since he didn’t come equipped with a niiddle name. So on the quiet he slips in a middle initial—^just an initial, no name or anything—and since then he has signed himself in the Purdue style: Smith, R. B. (He didn’t mean any harm.) But now that graduation is near, he gets a card telling him to report to the Registrar’s office. Miss X, the assistant registrar was worried. “How come ? ” she says', “You start out as R. Smith and now you’re R. B. Smith. You were supposed to sign your correct name when you were a freshman.” After that there was dark talk of having to be sure, of looking up birth certificates or things, until R. B. S. (or R. S.) was on the point of saying, “Would a note from my mama fix it up ? ” However, Mr. Stone got back just then and the weighty matter was referi’ed to the supreme authority. After hearing the whole story, Mr. Stone OK’d the change. He couldn’t help himself. “Did you put in the B. just to give yourself a good set of initials ?” was Mr. R. B. S-tone’s parting remark. Before an EE class took an inspection trip last week, all those present had to sig^n a role sheet. All 26 of them. But there were 27 signatures on the sheet. Mr. Marshall, rather puzzled, called off the names, and everybody answered here until he came to the name of Yahooti, of Bob Hope fame. “How do you pronounce this, Yahooti?” said Mr. Marshall, who apparently does not listen to Bob Hope’s program. “Yahooti? Who’s Yahooti?” “Who’s Yahooti!” After the uproar subsided the class took Yahooti on the inspection trip. * * * We-Would-Never-Have-Guessed-It Department The life of a swan is at least fifty years. —Does this recall anything to you?
Night Editors, Fletcher, Heaton Ass’t. Night Editor, Kolb Day Editor, Miller Thursday, May 2, 194#
In a moment of rashness yesterday we took a look, a good look, into our closet. We haven’t been the same since. You may wonder why, but then you haven’t seen the floor of our closet. Just inside the door is a moderately clean space which is reserved for the brown saddle shoes we usually wear and for the black pair which we call our interview shoes. (Remember Prof. Walters: Don’t wear sport clothes to interview.) All around this spot is a replica of what the grounds around the Music Hall and Union used to look like—chaos, utter chaos. Poking around gingerly with our foot, we unearthed: (a) Pour and a half pairs of dirty socks (one pair was the one we accused our roommate of snitching last semester. He said it was probably in HIS closet, and that settled that.) (c) One pair of — overshoes, not much used, — we HAD to wear ’em in high school. (b) One set of machine shop gears. Incidentally, has anyone discovered a use for them ? (d) One right shoe which was in the closet when we came. Scattered hither and thither were hangers, both with and without cardboard. We even found a box of letters which we had received in years past. After reading one of the gal friend’s old letters we blushed happily and sat right down to read them all. Them were the days.
IM Schedule ALL CAMPUS TENNIS , Thursday, May 2 G. J. Siener vs E. D. Walsh. W. L. Schalliol vs T. W. Gardner. W. Fi Yeagley vs G. L. May. D. C. Wood vs F. C. Shafer. R. M. Waddington vs J. H. Shaw. C. Kalstrom vs A. C., Goerss. J. Close vs R. E. Lange. A. Hartley vs C. N. Gaiser. C. E. Martin v s E. W. Mees. J. Kutz vs R. C. Jones. R. C. Stroup vs J. S. Sells. K. K. Weaver vs R. Brunneniar. W. L. Neal vs B. T. Fleming. B. Kersey vs S. Blustein. L. G. Hansen vs W. K. Mclherney. W. Van Camp vs D. L. Blue. W. Brandt vs J. P. Henson. H. W. Pettit vs M. D. Ross. H. F. Poll vs K. C. Metzger.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assistant night editors the next week: Zinski, April 30; Kolb, May let; Adams, May 2hd; Amos, May 3rd; and Stoeckel, May 4th. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
Cosmopolitan Club: Regular meeting at 4 :30 p. m., Friday, May 3. Bob Parks of the puttering room will lead a discussion on hobbies. —SHICKEL.
ing the past week. As a fact, they were able to play enough ball that the coaches sliced the size of the squad considerably. Squad Cut To 21 Following last Thmrsday’s workout the reduced squad was announced, and about 21 uniforms w^ere given to the more outstanding candidates. So far this season because of the large number of candidates that turned out for positions on the team, uniforms had not been issued. The squad was cut down to about enough men to make up three teams. Despite the fact that yesterday’s games were cancelled. Pop Doan and the other freshmen coaches announced that freshmen-varsity competition will be held as soon as the weather permits. Such competition not only gives the varsity a good workout, but it also allows the frosh coaches to watch how their proteges can perform when under heavy fire. The freshmen squad is comprised of a number of outstanding players and also some very promising batteries. Fight For Positions At the present time, the frosh hold occasional workouts in the Fieldhouse whenever the weather, does not permit them to practice outdoors. As soon as the weather has cleared up enough to allow them to practice regularly out of
Tin. Btf. U 8. Pat. Off.—tttmH '
‘Now don’t tiy to fool me, doctor—I belong to three bridge clubs and I’ve heard enough about operations !”
Dr. Marion Mattson . . . head of the University nursery school, will participate in the Child Health section of the meeting of the Association for Childhood Education in Milwaukee beginning today and continuing through Saturday.
doors, it is expected that daily workouts will be held in order to determine what men will be able to move up into varsity positions next year.
Joseph Barbaro . . .. lieutenant commandqr, and Professors D. G. Howard and W. H. Ballou, ^11 of the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, visited the campus Thursday to inspect the facilities of the school of engineering.
POMM: All actives see Captain Thompson in Armory office as soon as possible. —^McCAMMON. .
Freshmen: Student Senate petitions are available at Senate office after 4 p. m. until Friday, May 3rd. One Home Ec, one Science, one Ag, one Pharmacy and Physical Ed combined, and four from all freshman engineers will be elected to sophomore positions. —WALLEY.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
Silver MaskPresence of all members will be greatly appYeciated for the purpose of judging the fencing tournament. ’ —PARK.
FOR SALE —^ Typewriter*. All make*, standard and portable, .sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable naachincs as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershefl, 696 Main street.
Notices
Gala Day Guard: All members report promptly to 4th St. entrance to Intramural Field at designated times. 5-3 —BOYLE
Delta Rho Kappa: Important .meeting Thursday, May 2, 7 :16 p. m. room 832. Dr. Sears will speak. —ESTEY.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TEINNIS RACKETS and squash rackets RESTRUNG and repaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 6.5832. 224 Waldron St.
Religious Council: Due to a conflict with the coo-op banquet, the picnic planned for May 8th will be changed to May 7th. There will be a 15c charge for food. —MANGUS.
FOB RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Military: Corps Day formation for May 2d is cancelled. The entire Corps of four regiments (less motor battalion) will assemble in the Armory at 3 :40 p. m. May 3rd. The 2d Battalion, 4th P.F.A. (less Battery S) is designated as the motor battalion, and will assemble at 3:40 p. m. in the space north of the Armory. The Corps will march to intramural Field and form for a Gala Day Review at 4:00 p. m. In case of inclement weather, the 1st and 2d Regiments only will form at 8:40 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —PICKERING.
Sophomores: No student Senate petitions have been taken from Home Ec, Science, M. E., Chem. and Met., and Pharmacy schools. Petitions are available at Senate office after four o’clock until Friday, May 3rd. —WALLEY.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday night at 7 :30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —LOBEL.
Freshmen Engineers: Meetings with heads of schools and curricula announced for Saturday, May 4, will be postponed until Saturday, May 18. There will be no Engineering Lecture Meetings on May 4 or May 11. —KNAPP.
Gold Peppers: Joint meeting of new and old actives in room 232 of Union at 6 p. m. on Thursday, May 2. Banquet movies will be shown. —MITCHELL.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 5065. Reward.
Imported Mexican Huataches $•199
Playshop: Hours are posted on bulletin board in Fowler Hall. Please check immediately. You may order your key any time before May 6. —BEISEL.
Reamers: Reflectors will be distributed in PIA office from 4 p. m. to 5 p. m., Wednesday and Thursday, May 2. Everyone be there! —MATTHEWS.
MT 8 (Tactics): The following War Department Training Films will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4:10 p. m. Thursday, May 2d; TF 102 Truck Drawn Units, Vehicles and Accessories: TF 105 Truck Drawn Units Stream, Crossings; TF 106 Truck Drawn Units, Disabled Vehicles, Movement of. Attendance of seniors is optional, others interested are invited to attend. —THOMPSON.
Air seniors who have jobs in Detroit are requested to meet in room 328 Saturday morning. May 4 at 10:30. —ETH BAUGH.
Omicron Nu : Meeting Thursday, May 2, at 4' p. m. in H. E. 107. —HORWITZ.
ASME Members: Who have not received membership cards or pins please call for them Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday at Prof. Cope’s office in ME 112 between 10 and 11 a. m. (5-4) —KING.
ASME: Members who have yet to receive their membership cards and pins, please call for them at Prof. Cope’s office, ME 112, Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday, preferably between 9 and 10 a. m. —KING.
P.E.W. Archery Class: Friday 10:00 a. m. archery class will be dismissed. Instead you are to attend archery exhibition either Wednesday at 4 :00 p. m. on women’s outdoor range or. Thursday at 4:00 p. m. on men’s outdoor range or any P.E.W. archery class meeting on Wednesday or Thursday. —CASE.
All Students: All students holding Cotillion tickets for refund, bring tickets personally to Doug McDaniel, Phi Delta Theta, for refund. . —McDANIEL.
Flower Committee: Meeting Thursday, May 2, at 4 :15 p. m., in WSGA office. —REUTHER.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting 'Ihursday, May 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —BURBRINK.
Modem Dance Club: Rehearsals Wednesday and Thursday at 7:00 p. m. in the wWnen's gym. —KNIGHT.
; Onting Club: All people who wish to go to the Pines Sunday May 3, please call Marge Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker 36294 before Friday night. May 3. -PARKER.
. Freshmen &igfneers: All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annn^ iwnquet of the Purdue Student Chapter of American Society of Civil Enginem Thursday, Hay 2. at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. 60 cente per plate. Tickets ■My be porcbased at Union desk or in Main oIBm <a Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainmeDt —qUEBB,
Ag Chem Club: Meeting of all members Thursday. May 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 286 of the Union. Juniors and seniors please bring money for keys. —ELKIN, Silver Mask: Important meeting Thursday, May 2, at 7 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Election of officers. All members are urged to be present. —WELDY.
Only Zapotecan Mexican Indians weave this sturdy, comfortable and smart looking flat heel hUarache from strips of steerhide leather^ Do not confuse this shape-holding huarache with soft-woven huaraches . . . markings in the leather are quaint designs and every pair has different weave designs. IDEAL for SPORT or HOUSE WEAR SIZES: ALL SIZES AND WIDTHS FOR MEN, WOMEN, GIRLS AND CHILDREN. COLOR: Natural beige steerhide. PERFECT FIT BY MAIL Mail orders filled anywhere. Add 20c postage. Checks and money orders accepted. WE ALSO SHIP C. O. D. . . . HOW TO ORDER: Mention size and width of shoes now wearing, or send outline of foot, both if possible. We have remarkable success fitting huaraches by mail. However, we make necessary exchanges.
BELAIUGOSI .'sctlllMAir
JANE SINGS!
tiAlll
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Astounding thrills...as a helpless girl is enslaved in on asylum of horror!
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
—with— CHARLES BICKFORD LLOYD NOLAN — AND —
LU^ —TODAY- FRI.-SAT,-
-2FIRSTRUNHITS--
with Ri^w PRYOR • Jo Awn, SAYERS PLUS—2ND FEATURE
SIX-GUNS ... blaze when the crime-buster of the range goes into action!!!
— outtn the wide open spaces where they’ve got room to reaffy give you action!
uiitiffra
TODAY - FRi.- SAT.
lANE WITHERS
GENE AUTRY
'f'Tlmrfiwiay. May 2. 1940
P0B00E EXFONBNT
Intra^Souad Grid Tilt Saturday Previews Next Fall's Title^Cofltending Eiward Team
Brown Qn Injured List
The cas^ialty list of the spring practice was increased last week when John Brown suffered a knee -injury in scrinunage. Brown was ordered by a physician to stay out of practice this spring with the hope that the ailing knee will be in good
condition for next fall’s bruising schedule. Some of the promising frosh backfield as named by Coach Eiward are as follows: Walter Cook, Casper, Wyoming; Junior Brock, Stafford, Kansas; Carl Anderson, Struthers, Ohio, Bill Buffington, Peru;
Fair enough—warm enough for Palm Beach Suits today. The new light weaves have just arrived— new shades are on display. There's Wicker, Jute and Pecan, too— Gulf Green, Dawn Gray and Nassau Blue. It's vrarm enough—and that's your cue to kindly step this way.
Pall Beach Slits »I6.7S
For Business, Sports or Evening And the smart slacks ore just $5.00 White Coats $11.75
SOOMi^lNST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Mm
Concluding six weeks of spring practice, the Riveter football squad, composed of players who will be returning next fall, will line up for an intra-squad regulation game Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium in one of the sportslights of the Gala Week program- The squad will be divided into two teams by Coach Mai Eiward before the game with an effort to balance the power of both sides.
iiiddafiL Choiai
To to|> the whple thinf ell, the Flf|t|p|ie]h teaip, yearns Nation-i al League darkhorse, dropped in on Crowley in Cinoinniiti Tuesday i^nd, tl^ough the sterling pitching of Tex Carleton, held the Reds to “nary” a hit and “nary” a run. —^fc—
Rr B«b«rt Si Daduire The phenomenal stretch of wins that the loquacious acrobatic Brooklyn Dodgers have ripped off since I940’s baseball season inauguration has knocked members of the diamond gentry out from under their cocked hats faster than a piccolo player doing double-duty on “The Bee.”
And the Dodgers, here before considered a consistently mediocre baseball club, have something to crow about . . . Not only have they set down last year’s junior circuit champs, the Reds, but have rediscovered a 33-year-old pitching veteran, Carleton, who stood the Rhinelanders on their heads Tuesday, to the tune of no hits.
“Rocky” Smder, Massilon, Ohio; Red Carter, Indianapolis; Tony Berto, Clinton; and Fred Smerke, Ft. Worth, Texas. Coach Eiward states that the success of next fall’s grid squad will depend largely on these frosh backfield men, especially at the quarterback and halfback posts. End Men At the end positions, another spot weakened by graduation, Eiward names McCaffery, King, Hartup, Mast, and Shimer as likely frosh candidates. Frosh tacklers Powers, O’Brien, and Fryback will push veterans Bill Neff and the Rossi brothers for starting places next fall. Many coaches declare that a conference champion in the fall is built up by long, hard spring practice. If that is true, look for the Boilermakers to finish high in the first division next season, despite an unmerciful schedule of opponents.
—^fc— Well do we remember when Carleton was rifle-balling opponents for the St. Louis Cards and was heading for a great career . . . But the Red Birds changed their minds and shipped Tex to the Chicago Cubs ... Of all things! —^fc—
But down to the minors Carleton went only to be recovered and started off again on his baseball-pitch-ing career as a member of the dipsy Dodgers . . . —^fc— Maybe that no-hitter might do more for the Brooklyn outfit than that which shows on the surface ... It has a fine pilot, Leo Durocher, a trio of veteran American League outfielders, a couple of fine rookies, and pretty good all-round defensive and offensive records up to date. —^fc—
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Thursday, May 2 Diamond 1 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi. 2 Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Delta Rho. 3 Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kappa Tau Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Chi. Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha Ward 7 vs Ward 24 Ward 26 vs Ward 27. Ward 12 vs Ward 13 Ward 26 vs Faculty. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Sigma Phi
With Carleton' in the fold and that no-hitter hitting the newspapers right before their eyes, the Brooklyn Dodgers might get a little more confidence in themselves . . .
—^fc— And with nine wins already in the book, the Dodgers can beggar some nasty looks from the league and barrel right into the schedule with much more vim, vigor, and you-know-the-other-one. This winning stretch should give them added encouragement.
ARTISTS ANB MODELS
We’re artists in summer clothing—and our new models for 1940 are masterpieces of color, coolness and design. There’s an exhibition at your favorite
clothier—each a genuine original signed
PALM BEACH
Included are whites and summery Airtone Suits foF campus and all-round wear at $16.75...Evening Formals for proms at $18.50 (coat and trousers)—and slacks for sports at $5. Goodall Company, Cincinnati.
hju
Always look for thk label
Frosh^ Varsity Race For
New Trophy In Galacade
f
By .Ed Katzenberg
/ A real engineering trophy for a bunch of Boilermaker swim-
mers—with gadgets plastered on it ranging from pressure guages to water level indicators—will be the prize fought over by the freshmen and the varsity in the last act of Dick Papenguth’s Galacade being presented Friday night at 8:30 for the Gala Week \isitors.
Lou Brock Accepts Green Bay Packer Offer For Next Fall
Anothei* Boilermaker backfield great has been‘signed by the Green Bay Packers professional grid club. This week Lou Brock, one of the graduating members of last fall’s “Three Bees,” wrote his name on a Green Bay contract while in a Chicago hospital attempting to cure a knee injury. Near the end of summer, Brock will be off to start his first season of professional fotball, playing alongside of Cecil Isbell, former Boilermaker halfback who blossomed into the chief spark of Green Bay’s world champion squad two years ago. Several years ago “Ookle” Miller, all-American center for the Riveters m 1931, was a stellar member of this same team. He’ll Play In All-Star Tilt Signing the Packer contract assures “Languid Lou” of playing in the All-Star tilt the last of August, because if midwest fans don’t poll heavy enough to place him on the college team, the Packers will play him in their backfield. Next fall Lou will face another of his old backfield mates, Johnny Drake, who is one of the finest plimging fullbacks in the pro circuit. Drake is a veteran member of the Cleveland Rams.
It all started from an old wooden trophy base brought back from home by one of the members of the swimming squad after the holidays •—and then gained momentum as a miniature brass steam boiler made its appearance from somewhere in the depths of the engineering campus, a little while later to be followed by cutest little steam gauge in any power plant anywhere.
Key-
HORSESHOE DOUBLES Thursday, May 2 00 p m —Courts east of Stadium Pi Kappa Phi Alpha Chi Rho Theta Xi Lambda Chi Alpha Kappa Sigma Triangle Delta Upsiloii Theta Chi Beta Theta Pi Sigma Phi Epsilon Theta Tau —IM Schedules
Battle Prize For Frosh-Varsity A beautiful figure of a poised swimmer all ready to dive, perched on the top of the conglomeration, gives the trophy -its classification as a swimmer’s laiurel, and this year’s Galacade will mark the first annual battle between the freshman and the varsity for its possession. The trophy race will be in the form of a relay race featuring three breaststrokers, three backstrokers, and four free-stylers. Each man will swim fifty yards, and the competition will open and close with free style races. Varsity Relay Team On the varsity, Herr, Branner, Smith, and Kratzer will handle the free style, in that order. Graham, Frank, and Tingely will swim in the breaststroke, and Mecredy, Ted Andersen, and Don Anderson will swim back stroke, also in order named. Frosh free stylers will be Snead, Horn, Krueck, and the phenomenal Carney, with McCay, McCammon and Williamson handling the breaststroke. Freshman backstroke representatives will be Pier, Ancker, and Shaw. Entries for the remainder of the Galacade program have been pouring in for the past several weeks, and the complete list of both swimmers and divers, to be published in tomorrow’s paper is the most star studded one since, the recent Aquacade.
We Are the Only Store in West Lafayette that has PALM BEACH CLOTHES
GULLION’S
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
"DIAC* Everything for a College Education
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phono 6050
• Professional
Ririx Dentil CHnlc
nt PAUL A. RMK DIt LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK
4th e Main
STei
DR. A. M. IRION
DENTIST
119Vi Vino W. Lafayette
Phone 4965
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMITRIST
522 AAaIn St. Rhone 47tl LAFAYCTTi. INDIANA
• Rest. Supplies
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA
GILLESPirS 221 Col. St. Phone 6405Celebrities, Banquet (Continued from page 1)
ious reunion classes will be held in the Union. “Irish” O’Brien, ’14 football star, will speak at the annual international “P” men’s banquet in the Union at 6:30. At 7 o’clock additional departments will present their exhibits: chemistry, engineering, pharmacy, physics, power plant, and shops will be open. Music Hall Dedication At 7:30 John Carmody, head of all federal works projects, will speak to first night convocation guests in the Hall of Music in a direct wire broadcast from Washington. President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, chairman of the board of trustees, and Paul Cooper, Student Union president, will speak at the dedication ceremonies. Proceedings will be broadcast from 7:30 to 8:30 over station WILL and WBAA. Following the formal dedication, Helen Jepson, soprano, and Nino Martini, tenor, both of the Metropolitan opera, will present their dual concert. Also included on tomorrow night’s program will be the Dolphin and Triton club Aquacade in the Fieldhouse pool. At 10 o’clock the Zouave squad will present a drill in the armory. Following this class parties will be held in the Union, local hotels, and in local country clubs. Saturday Morning Beginning at 8 ;30 Saturday morning, alumni receptions will be held in the main building of each school At 10 o’clock Boilermaker trackmen will meet teams from Chicago, Northwestern, and Wisconsin in a quadrangular meet. Varsity baseballers will meet Ohio State on Ross-Ade field. At noon in the Union ballrooms. Gala Week visitors will meet for the annual Gala Week luncheon. At 2 p. m. a 71-gun Founder’s Day salute and raising the 1940 class flag will follow the placing of a wreath on the grave of John Pur-
Tomorrow Deadline For Senate Petitions Deadline for filing petitions for Student Senate positions is set for 6:30 p.m. tomorrow in the senate office. To date no sophomore student in the pharmacy and PE schools has filed a petition. Students desiring petitions may obtain them at the senate office. Eight freshman workers will be selected in addition to the eight elected for sophomore positions. Junior positions are to be given in the same way. From the sixteen junior workers eight students will be elected for senior positions.
Immediately following the services at John Purdue’s grave, a class parade will form at the oval and proceed, to Ross-Ade stadium. Here the band will march, and the annual spring frosh-varsity football game will be play4d. The senior class flag will again be raised, this time on the flagpole in the stadiuni. At 5:30, grads will gather in the Union ballrooms for the Founder’s Day banquet. Guests of honor will be Charles Richards, ’90, and Bruce Rogers, ’90, and the men’s glee club will sing. At 7:30 Lieutenant-Gov-ernor of the state, Henry Schricker, and President Elliott will speak. Following this Helen Jepson and Nino Martini will again sing. Beginning at 9 o’clock in the Union ballrooms, Paul Whiteman and band will play for the class of 1940 Senior Hop. Sunday Morning Sunday morning at 10 o’clock. President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott •will entertain at open house in their home. A “P” men’s golf tournament will be held at the West Lafayette country club. At noon the annual Gala Week dinner will be held in the' Union ballrooms. Certificates will be presented to various returning classes. ,At 12:15 senior’s and faculty members will parade to the Hall of
1940 Egg And Chick Show OpensToday Unique displays of colored eggs and a variety of exhibits form the nucleus of the University’s annual Egg and Baby Chick show which opens today at the Poultry building and continues through tomoiTOW and Saturday. Another interesting feature of the show is a chick embryo display. Willman Ullman, a 1930 Purdue poultry graduate, of the Kokomo Electric Hatchery, will again be the official judge of the Chick Show and W. B. Werner of Winamac, a 1922 Purdue poultry graduate and official U.S.R.O.P. inspector, ryill judge the Egg Show. Cash prizes of more than $150 along with many cups, plaques, and ribbons will be offered as premiums. There will be a class in the Chick Show for each variety of chickens and 22 classes in the Egg Show, including special divisions for high school students, 4-H Clubs, Future Farmer chapter, and other groups.
Music to hear a baccalaureate address by Dr. Mildred McAfee, president of Wellesley college. Concluding the festivities, Mike Murphy, famous stunt flyer, will demonstrate “what shouldn’t be done with an airplane” at the Unievrsity airport at 4 p.m. The band ■will give a concert in the Hall of ''tusic at the same time.
Typical Sorority (Continued from page 1) the end of her junior year, the time most sorority women stop “playing the field” and begin to go steady. In most cases a fraternity or Cary Club pin means an engagement, at least at the time she takes it. But, co-eds often change their minds. Contrary to the slightly lurid picture of the average collegiate sorority woman painted by the Saturday Evening Post, in their nowfamous article, the typical Purdue co-ed who lives in her chapter house is neither a snob nor immoral. Although her interests are centered there, naturally, she does not limit her friendships to those in her own sorority. She “gets around” in more ways than one over the whole campus. With a few notable exceptions, the typical sorority co-ed indulges only casually in necking, and other forms of America’s favorite indoor sport, unless she is really in love. Last Management (Continued from page 1) delphia, Pa., president of S. K. F. Industries, presiding. In connection with the conference a special discussion on management in the home will be held on Friday morning with Dr. Paulina Mickell, of Iowa State College, as principal speaker.
Practice ForOSUGames Driven Into Fieldhouse By Hard Rains
With plenty of reason to be glum since the return of drippy weather. Coach Dutch Fehring remains optimistic about the climate, and most of all, about his baseball team. After the refreshing victory over Notre Dame last Monday, Fehring is expecting some fine playing from his young ball club. Grooming the diamond squad for the doubleheader with Ohio State which is scheduled for Friday and Saturday, is an unpleasant task when the practices must be held in the Fieldhouse because of the drenching rains. With the squad in excellent condition except for Don Blanken, who is in the hospital with, an infected hand, yesterday’s indoor practice showed an improving Boilermaker infield, composed of Smithson, McFerren, Hearne, and Mackiewicz. Young Starred At ND After the splendid showing of Ernie Young, sophomore backstop, against the Ramblers Monday, Fehring plans to use the young catcher as an able relief man for Bud Fisher, regular receiver. In the 11 innings that he caught against Notre Dame, Young received the slants of sophomore Don Blanken like a veteran, and besides, the erstwhile basketball forward had difficulty finding the plate, making Young’s task doubly hard. The invading Buckeye diamond squad has been defeated twice thus
far in the conference race, both times by the fast-stepping Illinois team which is now in second position. One of the Bucks’ leading twirlers is Kilmer, who was out of school last year due to illness. However, two years ago Kilmer was a mystery to opposing sluggers. Gophers Can’t Get Started If any conference team has the right to gripe about the spring weather, it’s Minnesota. While all of the other teams have played at least two games, the Gophers have not been able to open their season because of the incessant rains. Postponed IM Games Will Be Re-Scheduled Due to the large amotint of rain during the past few days, the crowded intramural sports schedule has been held up with a large number of postponed baseball and tennis matches still to be played off. Teams having postponed games on their schedule will play them off at a later date, according to the intramural department, "which has announced that postponed games will be re-scheduled and all teams will be notified both by telephone and through the. Exponent. .
BOB WALKER'
COOLAIRS
MEN! they fit and look like $5 shoes. They come in ALL-WHim BROWN and WHITE or BLACK and WHITE combinations.
Toast
2 new shades... PINK LEMONADE RED PUNCH for finger tips! for lips! There’s "spirit" even in their names... these delectable springtime colors that keep your lips and fingertips in tune with springtime. Pink Lemonade, a sunlit rose-pink, Red Punch, a heady rose-red in your favorite longwearing *Revlon Enamel' (60c) and your harmonizing Revlon Lipstick {$ 1.00). Together in a matching pouch $1.60. * Recent discoveries in the Revlon research laboratories make long-wear-ing Revlon wear longer than ever!
SUITS and TOPCOATS
SHARPLY REDUCED
“You’ll Feel That Way When You Dress Up In Crown Cleaned Clothes
Clean, Fresh, All the Sparkling Beauty of the Fabric Magically Revived HAVE WINTER GARMENTS CROWN CLEANED AND MOTH PROOFED BEFORE PUTTING AWAY Crown Laundry