tpiLERMAKERS Play Northwestern fT^Tt Saturday Volume 55/ No. 82
Established 1889
%pj04ient 9 S N A P IT
,'V
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
CHINA COLUMN Tells Of Age Old N Dynasties " * ^ Thursday, February 4,
(Jnite Selective r ncrk t m- Li Service Induction ^or USO Tomorrow Night
Armed Services Playshop To Open Benefit Hockema Advises
Air Corps Enlisteei To Stay Till Called
War Department Will Not Issue Training Call For Three Weeks
Students who are members of the Army Air Force Enlisted Reserve were advised to make no plans to withdraw from school until they receive their formal orders from the War Department in a statement issued last night by Prof. Fraifk
C. Hockema, assistant to the president.
Issuing the statement in response to many inquiries made
since the announcement that
Professor C. Croneis To Speak Saturday
In Coulter Hall
; Volunteers, Registrants May Express Preference To Fill Enlistment Quotas Colonel Robinson Hitchcock, state selective service director, announced Monday a joint induction plan to provide selective sntvice regikrants for quotas of the Army, Navy, Marine and
Coast Guard.
' Beginning February 1, 1943, the selective service system has furnished all men required by the four services who are between the ages of 18 and 37
inclusive, Hitchcock said. Persons not between these ages may be enlisted as heretofore, within the discretion of the respective services, regardless of Whether they have registered under the Selective Training and Service
Act of 1940, as amended. Registrants To Be Called
Requisitions ^of the War and bfavy Departments will be combined in national selective service headquarters and each call placed oft states and local boards will be a combined call for a specified number of men. Registrants ordered to report for induction will be deliv-
Activities Bureau Schedules Meeting For This Afternoon This afternoon, accoi’ding to Bill
Reckman, the Activties Bureau will hold their first “gripe session” of the semester. The purpose of this meeting will be to give audience to any ideas held by the woi'kei's which may or may not be in accord with the present policy of the bureau. It IS expected that the policy of the
Clark To Play Lead In 'Eve Of St Mark'; Program Begins At 8, No Seats Reserved Tickets may still be purchased for Playshop’s USO benefit production, “The Eve of St. Mark”. The show will be given tomorrow and Saturday evenings at 8 in Fowler Hall. General admission tickets are on sale at the Fowler Hall box office for fifty cents each. No seats
will be reserved for this production.
John Clark, last seen in Playshop’s “The Moon Is Down” will portray the leading role of
Quizz West, a farmer boy who was drafted. Other major parts will be taken by Carolyn Wood, Becky Ann Pervine, George Sykes, Bill Lester,
Henry Bolz and Art Barab. Since Maxwell Anderson arranged
to release “The Eve of St. Mark” through the National Theatre Con-
Next Saturday night the Union ference to all university and little
will present a special mixer featur- theatre dramatic groups, Playshop or pencil ? Perhaps it’s a compact, ing Maury Mahn and his own “Hit is able to present it, while the show pair of shoes or a hat that you have Parade” of the most popular tunes is still playing to capacity houses been wanting for some time. You
Saturday's Mixer To Feature Maury Mahn 'Hi! Parade'
Senate Will Close Sale Of Lost, Found Articles At5:30P.M. Do you need a slide rule or a pen
of the week. In connection with the ia Chicago and New York. ’’Hit Parade” idea, the Union will Staging Varied
present complimentary tickets to In this play. Maxwell Anderson any students who list the three top does not let the usual stage conventunes that Mahn chooses. Dancers tions hinder him. There are six
might find it at the Student Senate Lost and Found Sale that is now in progress in room 257 of the Union. During the year the Senate collects all the articles that are found
ered to a single jointly operated bureau will be recognized to some will sign their names and jiick three scene changes. In staging the pro- from all parts of the campus once
induction station where they will be physically examined by Army and Navy personnel and assigned to the several services. Preferences Taken
extent. All Activities Bureau work-
ers are urged to be pi'esent. The bureau will launch its fresh-
man interview program as soon as the 200 freshmen complete their
Registrants will be given an op- orientation period in the next few pprtunity at the induction station weeks. They also plan to interview tp express their preference for the those new freshmen who entered Army, Navy, Marine Corps or Coast school this January. In all, this Guard, and that perference will be action will cover about five hundred given, the fullest consideration prac- students. ^ipgble. If no vacancies are avail- bureau To Check Indices
able' for the preferred service, each
numbers that they think are the most popular pieces for the week. If Mahn plays those tunes in the order that they select them, they may claim theii flee tickets at the
Union office.
One idea of the dance is to show the students that Mauiy Mahn and his “Jimmy Lunceford style” is a
man will be assigned to the service fef which he is best qualified. Registrants should not seek to express their preference before they reach the induction station as final assignment will be made by Army and Navy officers on the basis of quotas, physical and mental fitness, the peculiar needs of the services and the registrant’s previous militaiy
or naval service.
Registrants who wish to volunteer for induction out of order number sequence may make application through their local boards.
Work on another of the routine jobs undertaken by the Activities Bureau will begin when the registrar releases the indices for the last semester. This job will be to check the indices of all students who are active in major activities on the campus. According to University ruling, a worker must maintain a 3.5 index to continue his active
status in that activity.
The bureau plans to check through the constitution of the various organizations on the campus in Older to become better ac-
duction, Ross D. Smith has used a week. If there are names on the colored lights, musical backgrounds articles, the owners are notified and and authentic costumes to make the asked to claim their lost possessimple settings very effective. In sions. The other articles are filed in order to carry on the continuity of hopes that the owner will call lookthought, there will be no intermis- ing for something he has lost on the
sions. campus.
Kissam Stage Manager Year Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael is direct- t^e end of a year all of the
campus band worth having, His ing the play. Woiking with him on articles are tabulated and organplaying is limited to the University the technical end of the production they may be sold at the and vicinity now mainly because of are Elizabeth Kissam, stage man- and Pound Sale. These sales gas rationing, but the band has ager, and Gilbert D. Williams, pro- have been carried on for the last played at Indiana University, Illi- gram dii-ector of WBAA, in charge tive years, and the students seem to nois. Northwestern, Ball State at of sound and musical effects. The nppi’eciate the chance to reclaim Muncie, and will soon play for the various crews are headed by the tbeir lost belongings as well as acJunior Prom at Indiana State following: master electrician. Car- ^ f®'"' ’^®w
loll Martindell; property co-chair-man, Jim Yingst, Walt Simons and Mary Lou Sternberg: costume chairman, Anne Bradley; make-up co-chairmen, Barbara Nord, Lois jane Vaughan; master carpenter and effects chaii-man, William
Bachelder.
Carey Croneis, University of Chicago Professor of Paleontology and Geology, will speak in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 8:00 p. m. Saturday evening. Topic of his lecture, which is to be illustrated with slides, is “The Ancient Background for Modern Warfare.” Professor Croneis has been associated with the University of Chi-
the Army Air Force Enlisted Reserve was Jto be called for “immediate training’*’, Professor Hockema pointed out that he had been advised, from Washington that induction ipXpe^ will probably not be prepared for at least a week or ten days with the first calls for training probably to be scheduled within about three
weeks.
Remain In School The student has “everything to gain and nothing to lose” by remaining in school until the last possible moment, according to Professor Hockema. He pointed out thdt in the case of the seniors, those who remain in school for at least three
cago since receiving his Ph.D. from weeks, and have completed a miniHarvard in 1928. He was in charge mum of eight weeks of the term of the geological and palentology will be allowed credit in full. In the exhibits at the Century of Progress case of the underclassmen, those Exposition and is also known as the who complete eight weeks or more author of several books on geology, will be in a position to receive including “DoWn to Earth.” He has grades of ‘T’. been an associate editor of the According to the announcemeuft Jouimal of Geology since 1931. from Washington, Air Corps ReCroneis, who is Director of the serve meml^rs, after a period of Walker Museum of Paleontology, basic training, will be sent to spewill discuss the geological back- daily designated colleges and.uniground for global war in his lecture, versifies for several months of'iSd^ This lecture is under the auspices ditional schooling in a course pre-
The local boards cannot promise quainted with them and to make registrants will be inducted into a ®^i’® ^^at the constitutions ai’e up
prefeiTed service, as the assignment procedure outlined above must be followed at the induction statTon, regardless of whether a man has volunteered. This program has been jointly adopted by a conference of the several armed forces. Induction centers will no longer be known as Army induction points but will be called Armed Forces Induction Stations and will be operated by personnel from all of the seiwices. Seniors To Register For Debris Pictures Registration for senior Debris pictures will be from 4 to 5:30 p. m. jOiday and tomoirow outside the Debris office on the second flooi of the Union. Pictures will be taken of all students who intend to graduate ill August or December of 1943. If you wish your picture to be taken, it is imperative that you register for a time. The pictures will be taken Monday through Friday of next week m room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union, The same photographers as last year will take the pictures. All prospective graduates of August 01 December should take advantage of this opportunity to have their pictuies taken regardless of whether or not they will be allowed to graduate because of the draft. If at the time of the book’s distribution, you are not here, your Debris will be mailed to your home or any othei forwaiding address
you leave.
Navy Commissions The Bureau of Naval Personnel has released an announcement that many seniors graduating in the mid-year may still make application for Commission in the United States Naval Reserve in a specialist classification. Further information may be obtained at the PersQiuicl Oliicc.
to date. It will also serve as method of becoming more acquainted with the many activities on the campus. This will tend to make the Activities Bureau fulfill another &ervice~for the students, that of an
information bureau.
Pity The Poor Delivery Boy! . . and 11 cokes, 3 bags potato cliips, 4 grilled cheese sandwiches, 2 boxes thumbtacks, 1 box kleenex . . Thesorority pledge with a sigh of relief hangs up the receiver and hopes for her sake (not the actives’) that the older will come
within two hours.
After many ups and downs on his three-wheeler over icy streets in the black of night, the remains of the delivery boy stagger in with cokeloaded arms. As you drop coins into his quivvering palm, you wonder what’s become of the national child labor laws. Such things occur so some daughter of the Gieeks can sip while giving her part to a bull
Teachers’ College.
Signed For Fitch Band Wagon Last summer, while the band was playing in Michigan, the Fitch Band Wagon signed them up to play a program as a typical college band. Unfortunately, the Band Wagon progi'am was dropped before Mahn had a chance to play. Vocalists for the band aie Darlene Mahn, Maury’s sister, and Jack Silvers, a student in
the University.
Admission price for the mixer will be the usual .‘pi.10 and the hours will be from 8:30 till 11:30 in both
ballrooms of the Union. Hlestand To Address Biological Society
A talk will be given on the physi-
ology of high altitudes by Dr. W. small farm first to an aimiy camp, A. Hiestand, who did research then to a nearby tavern, to the docks work on the physiological changes at San Francisco, and finally to an of a man flying at various altitudes unidentified island in the Philipfor the Civil Aeronautics Authority, pines. at a meeting of the Biological 'So- ________________________
ciety to be held next Monday at 4 p. m. in room 111 of Stanley Coulter
Hall.
The talk will be about the effects of altitude on respiration and some of the problems of modern aviation at high altitudes, and should be of interest to students- who will enter the flying services soon.
Not only are the materials found on the campus sold, but all of the articles that are left by visitors and travelers \n the Union are turned over to the Student Senate for sale.
Many Useful Articles Sold
Prices of the articles are very much reduced from the original cost
Bert Squier is publicity manager. Other members of the cast include Betty Gray, Elaine Kali, Mary McCormick, Maiy Louise Fairman, Jack Scarff, Geoi’gc Kerne, Warren Lull, Charles Greenhill, Harold Warren, Uriel Cai’ter, Ed Grids, George Zissis, Frances Robinson and
Jim Yingst.
The action takes place in eight scenes. The locale shifts fi'om a
On the Playshop managing board, and many useful things can be found Maiianna Duk6 is in chaige of foi'less than one-fourth their initial house, programs and ushers; Dick The purpose of the Senate in DeLong is in charge of tickets and making these sales is to help stu-
dents and faculty find their own property, and then in getting rid of the others where they are most needed by selling them to the students directly through the lost and
found sale.
Today will be the last day for the sale, and the doors will open at 10 a. m. It is hoped that all articles will be sold by 5:30 p. m. when the doors will close on this chance to buy lost possessions for another
year.
Dr. Alma Long . . . Division of Education and Applied Psychology, following an experiment in teaching high school pupils, has brought together the materials of the experiment in a new book entitled “Home Health and Nursing.” The publishers are preparing editions for school use and for the trade, to be leady for distribution April 1. «
of the University Chapter of Sigma Xi, national honorary research society, and the meeting is open to the faculty, students and townspeople. As the next lecture. Dr. C. A. Elvehjem, Professor of Agiicultural Chemistry, University of Wisconsin, will speak on “The Present Status of the Vitamin B Complex” on Monday, March 29, 1943. The annual banquet and initiation will be held at this time. Psych Student Wakes Up! One embryo psychologist let his r-eflexes di’op to a new low this week in a Psych 1 lectui-e test. The ambitious student of human nature had finished the quiz (given under the famous “honor system,” every third seat in alternate rows- in less than the thirty minutes assigned
scribed by the War Department. Hardin Obtains Position Here On Agricultural Staff
Dr. Lowell S. Hardin, ’39, accepted a position with the University Department of Agricultural Economics beginning February 1. He will sei-ve as assistant director of the Farm Work Simplific&idon Project which is being done under the direction of Dean E. C. Young of the Graduate School and under the financial sponsorship of the
General Education Board.
Dr. Hardin completed his 'woifc for a doctor’s degree in Agricultural Economics at Cornell University in January, 1943. He went to Cornell directly upon his graduation from the School of Agriculture in 1939. Hardin distinguished hiiB-
Nofice
Those men who enlisted in the ERC for transfer to the Navy or Marines should report to Room B-7, Basement of the Armory, to sign their application for trans-
fer.
—Captain Fred P. Robinson
A Jeep Or A Thousand Letters
session. Tij/tiching
Dr. Martin Causes Freshman Comment The recent hour test given in “Chem 2” was the topic of many a heated discussic^ among the freshmen on the cainpus. It seems that some of the questions were not only
hard, but impossible.
The originator, “Doc” Martin, “The Freshman’s Friend,” claims that the test should have been siniple to anyone who knows his chemistiy. To the aveiage freshman, it seems that “Doc” must be trying to do his pait to enlarge the aimed foices by loweiing the grade and indices of his students below that lequiied for deferment. When asked if this were his aim, he denied any inlcnlion along Lliat
lihe.
, Or IS it?
Make Soldiers Mail V-Mail
to the task. Laying aside his pencil, geif as a student at the University
having served as a managing editor of the Exponent and having been a member of Alpha Gamma Rho, Iron Key, Alpha Zeta, and Gimlet Club. He made the student honor roll each semester he was
in school.
Spike Shoe Club,
Music Society Holds WAA Sponsor Dance
First Meeting Tonight
the weary student strove to make up a little time lost in cramming the night before by resting in the tender arms of Morphous. Meanwhile the class passed the thirty minute limit, and assumed their
regular seats.
Your reporter was doggoned embarrassed to wake up alone in the
very back row.
By Ed Stephenson Students in school appreciate letters from home and soldiers on the world-wide battle fronts of this war really know how much a letter from someone “back home” means. The Office*-of War Information is in the midst of a campaign to populaiize the new V-mail service to soldieis in far away places. Mail sent on V-Mail stationery is flown to its destination, and delivery has leached unbelievable speeds. Letters from Australia have been received seven days after they were sent . . . under war conditions. Mail from Hawaii has been delivered in thiee days. African mail has been received in time that is still a militaiy secret All of this service IS done for a thiee-cent stamp. Letters sent by this new system aie photographed on 16 mm. movie
film and shipped to their destination in this form, saving valuable cargo space on ships for guns, tanks and ammunition. One reel of VMail, when on a reel of film, takes up no more room than the average brief case, while a corresponding amount of legiilar mail takes up the space required to ship a jeep oi two. When letters are sent by legular mail service, they are kept waiting until a ship is destined to sail over sub-infested waters to the port of destination. If and when such a ship sails, they are stowed in whatever space is considered non-essential for war materiel. If these letters are on a ^ship that should be stiiick by torpedoes or shell fire, they are irreplaceable, while the V-Mail letteis may be le-photographed in case of disaster.
The Postal Service, in connection with the U. S. Army, has set up large centers for the photographing and printing of the hundreds of thousands of letters that this mail system cariies. These centers are located the mail points of embarkation on this country’s soil, and other centers aie located on the scattered fields of the war. Photographing and printing is done on special machineiy by trained experts. Special blanks are required for the mail, since it must be of a special size to fit into the photographing equipment. These forms aie available in bookstores, drug stores, and department stores. Only an introductory supply of V-Mail forms was leleased thiough the Post Offices of the country, but no blanks are available at either the West Side or the Lafayette Post Office.
Charter members of the University Chamber Music Society will hold their first meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 263 of the Union. All members are requested to be present as important business concerning new'members, dues, and programs are to be discussed. The purpose of the new organization is to create a genuine interest in all types of music, whether it is classical or popular, and to instill an appreciation of music. Two Freshmen Girls Elected To AWS Barbara Sanders and Marian Swanstrom were elected yesterday to be freshman representative on the AWS executive board. Sandeis, a second term Science student, is a West Lafayette girl, and Swanstiom, a second tefm Home Economics student, conies from Rockfoul, Illinois.
Members of the Spike Shoe Club, made up of men on the University track team, and WAA are spon^o^ing a record dance Saturday nfglii from 8:30 till 11:30 in the Women’s) Gymnasium. Dancei’s are invited to attend dressed as they would if they were spectatoi-s at a football game or some other rough athletic func-
tion.
Entertainment offered will include black-out dances, couple racing, spotlight dances and^any other spur - of - the - moment ideas that might add to the night’s merriment. Admission for the affair will be 25 cents for stags or couples, and the Spike Shoe Club has promised to find dates for any students who are unable to find their own.
Exponent Staff No Friday paper this week. All workers scheduled for work tonight will be expected to reyoft tomorrow at 4 p. m. for wqrk on Saturday’s paper. —BUTJK'3
Vf/ ^
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February 4, 1943
Purdue Exponent O^iees Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Busmcs<i Manager News Editor M&n&ging Editor Senior Ad^ertlsIng Manager Spjorts Editor Coed Editor Coed Business ExccutiNc
William G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinklc Dale E Butz lames G Potty Jfiseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Keim
Publication Staff
Editorial SiotT
T \ o^h T T 1 chnrd oi T L T Itoi Vcim lion M L S1 ith C C Martin
Associate Editors W H T>son W dell E Murph>
Coed Staff 1-nvlha. Mann Martlia Leo Rig:
Eiame Ahrens
Sports S*aff C Sowards J AcLcrmnn D Shr>
Carolyn Wilbur
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager J 3 ilpi Advertising Managers J Flexon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroti liu Accounts Manager MnrvTlts
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Murphy Sports Editor Ackerman Da> Editor Riggs Issue Editor Hahn Reporters rorsjiho Stoi 1 n n Fal nest ck Dom n k Grotne Ba>ie^ Gr goj Gi rrell St fTc An lerson Stock Watson Hoi kin L pt Mtoic Peel C nett Hnmm 1
Entered as <5ccon 1 class matter at the post office in I afay ette Indiai a und r the a t of Congress of March 3 1879 and at tie peci I rate of po lage i rovided for in section 1103 act of Octob r 101 uullorzel Jan lary 20 1922 Publishc 1 o Tucb la Thui lay Fridav and Sunday mornings during the > ai Dthvcr 1 locallv l> c rr er for $1 7o for a semester or $3 00 for t \ o sem ster by mail for $2 00 for a semester or '^3 "iO for two scmesteis Represented for nationa a Ivert ng bi National Advertis mg Ser\ ce Inc C liege Piblishcrs Representatives 420 Madison A\c New York N Y
Graduation
Since it seems highly piobable that most Unn eisity students will be m the aimed seivices at the end of the piesent semestei, we feel that some ie\isions should be made m the requiiements foi graduation in oidei that stu dents with one semestei oi less lemaining might lecene then diplomas Undei existing legulations, students must finish one half of then eighth semestei before they aie eligible to leceive a diploma Undei the war-time schedule adopted by the Univeisity shortly aftei Peail Harboi, seienth semester seniors aie the most advanced class in the Unneisitj' If these men aie inducted into the Army at the end of the present semester, they will lack one semester of having completed then full four years and will be one half semestei short of the piesent minimum requirements foi graduation Although some people may aigue that the '^landaids of the Univeisity will be lowered bj- such a move, it is difficult to say just how much benefit the soldiei will get out of one Gamester of school aftei the war It is our opinion that the maiority of the semestei’s work will be spent m getting the soldier acclimated to studying again and very little will be gamed along educational lines In addition to this, competition for jobs may be keen after the war, and it may be a big ad vantage to the student if his record shows a college degree This would cei tamly be a small favor to bestow unon the men who are about to enter into the conflict and risk then lives for the preservation of what we hold dear The details of the plan would have to be worked out and a dividing line would have to be drawn at some specific point in order to avoid confusion Undei one plan, anyone who will hav e completed sev en eighths of the required work would be allowed to giaduate Since most of the piesent seniors are in then seventh semestei such a plan would include quite a large number of students Many of these students will not letiun to the University after the war because of other interests and it seems rather ironic that they should come so neai their goal and still not attain die coveted sheepskin Certainly, they will be as well qualified now as they will be aftei the wai and the expeiience that they will gam m the army vv ill moie than offset the additional tiainmg that thej would leceive bj leturnmg to college Since the pioposed change will not mateiiall> lower the standards of the Universrty, it would certainly seem logical foi the Univeisity to aw aid diplomas to seventh semestei seniois if they are toiced to leave at the end of the cuiient semestei —cl e b
Captain D. L. Yeager wab ))iomot(.cl fioni I iibt Lieutenant on Janu aij 28 at Wught 1 leld Ohio IP wi giaduated fiom Puidue in 1941 and i the f,i ni Ison oi \V 1 Heidei gott cl the Gencial I iHineeiing Dc) iitincnt
Ralph W. Chitty
vho madualed in Dee ml (i las bem volun taiiC inducted into the U S Mu me (oips He is now in tiaiiung in an Oflicti ( aiidi latcs Clas at the Mai me base at Pams Ihl,.nd South Gaioma Upon completion of the couise Chitty will he commissioned
mSUMTON , , Tm U S P.i OK MEERY-(30-ROUND By DREW PEARSON U. S. Militarists Attribute Red Successes To Liberation Of Generals From Politics WASHINGION—In his piivate chambcis at the Capitol Vice Piesidcnt Ileniy Wallace gave a lunch eon in honoi of the visiting Vice Piesidcnt elect of Uiuguay Di Albeit Guam When he rose to intioduce Guam to the select group of Seriators Wallace said Di Guam, as Vice Presieleiit of Uruguay will ha e an advantage over me in that he will be allowed to \ote on all measures and to speak in the debate ‘Put his greatest adiantage” added Wallace with a twinkle, ‘ is that members of the Uruguajan Senate are allowed to speak for only one hour except by uliammous consent when they may speak for only two hours ” • How FDR And Churchill Work Inside word legarding the Casablanca discussions IS that 99 per cent ot them were mihtaiy Very little in the way of international politics was discussed Churthill and Rooseielt left the details to their mill tarj and naval men but they themselves made the major decisions Both Chuichill ind Roosevelt have a long back giound of expeiience in imlitaiy and nival stiategj PDR s mothei once found him at the age of 14 lead mg Admiial Mahan long consideicd the toughest diiest but in those days the best book on naval stiat egy (it was based on battleships) Chuichill conceived and pushed vaiious militarj moves in the last wai including the G illipoli cam p iigii In this wai he peisonally has made most of the majoi decisions involving Biitish folces In Washington Roosevelt has a laige map of the woild on his wall A naval aide moves miniatuie ships ind symbols to indicate how many men and whit nav il stiength we have in vaiious paits of the woild What happens is that Churchill and Roosevelt pio pose alternative offensives such as a drive into Nor wav or a drive through the Balkans, or a crossing into Italy for their cxpcits to chew on Ihe experts then come back with a report on how manj men how many ships, how many planes and how much in the waj of losses would be necessary for Noivvay for Italj foi the Balkans With all these iltcinative f ictois bcfoic them the decision is jointly made ® Errol Flyrsm Vs. Ed Flynn Tall dignified Sonatoi Elbeit Thomas of Utah is not one to disappoint i ladv But the icquest of a well dressed woman who visited his office dining Senate healings on the appointment of Australian Mmistei HdwaidJ Flynn had him speechless She identified heiself as the ownei of seveial the eties in California and wanted to know if she could attend the Flynn hearings Thomas assuicd hei that he would be delighted to be of assistance ‘The heuings aie open to the publm he said That s wonderful Senatoi ” gushed his visitoi I ve exhibited Eiiol Flynns pictures in my theatres, but I ve never seen him in real life Mavbe I can get his autogiaph with jour help Ihe Sciiatoi explai led that Ithough sometimes confused even by piofessionals m the Stite Depait ment diplomacy not i vpe was involved He gia cioiwly escoited his eallei to the hcaiing loom o Blood From Washington Don t mal e any mistal c ibout wh it the people of Wishington aie doin <• foi the vv u If you have any doubts go dov n to the Bloo 1 Bank hcadquaitcis of the Red Cioss Foiu bundled donois a day is not un usual TIhj come in blocs—ioi instince ill the cleiks and office staff fiom Sccietaiy of AgiicuRuie Wickaids office anothei gioup fiom the Justice Dcpaitmcnt anothei fiom the Taiift Gommission inothei fiom the Ledeial Commumcitions Commission One daj a lady of about 70 came in This was hei seventh blood donation Its about all I m good for at my age she said but I want to give all I can She gave a fuij pint of blood foi the Navv • Red Army United States mililaiy obseivers explain leeent Russian successes in terms oi a development not gen eially leali/ed in the United St ites—libeiatioii ot the generals tiom political domination Undei the system which pievailed in Russi i in the caily months ot the wai the Red gcneials weie ic spe nsible to the politic il commiss us 1 his made them ovci cautious pi evented daiing lesolute iction Then came the leq i lement tint commis''ais them selves tile mililny ti iinm„ ud n doctiin ilion Simult ineoubly then authoiitv ovei tlie gcneials w is lemov ed Now eht Red Auiij is uui I y tlic Red Aimy • Mai! Bag DBG Washington U ( —The ehaige that Jews aie not proportionately represented in the \rmy is false OHitial here believe this icport to be the tie population have eoiuributcd as many oi moie nicn to the armed sei vices proportionately as othei tie meiits In lienlon Nc\ Jcisiy Joi c\ unple Jews mike up 6 ] pel cent ol the tot il popul ition of the city but the nunibei of Jews licnton sent to the tivicc IS b 4 pel cent ol her tit il of nen in scivice J G H Uctioit Mich-—Lt Gen and Mis William S Kiiudsen eontubuted most of the funds to build the Luthcian School foi the Deal in Last D^tioit Its leguded as possibly the finest iiid best equipped ehool toi the deal in Ameiiei P M MeF Altoon 1 Pcnni \ou no light abi ut ihe Liltle cl S mil jo duiiiig'’ the Sp mish Ameiiein W11 In Klditioii to the cimaii who fell down a liateh tlcie w is oie olh i e isualty Chiel "j to n in t coige 1 111 ol the L S S Biooklyn was giving i mes age to the n iv i,,atoi wlicn a shot stiuek his head and he was killed instantly (Gopyiijht 1911 1 y United Fe ituie by ndie ite Int )
“Shoitageb have certainly nit us haicl—people can’t buy anything they can’t affoid anymore ”
University Calendar Thursday, February 4
3 00 PM Scieen Pe\iev 6 15 P M \ Wmtei Gouise Society
■rsday, February 5
1 00 P M ( 1 ! )1 I 11 riub M eting b 00 P ■'I M ilium itie Dept Dinec SOOPM Physhop Ihe Lve ( f St M ul
Roim 504 Union W Ficulty I gc Union Lli a Fowlci H ill
Today's Screen Review
News—9 min.
Keep ’Em Sailing—20 min Exotic Mexico—10 min Army An I oice Band—10 min “Arc A”—11 min At the Dog Show—9 min. Pluto at the Zoo—7 mm
Chiiia By G. B. Wu
A IsMct lUstoi, of the Woilds Oldest Nation China Is 1 nov n ^ the olde of all rition c-iid lias a histoiy of 5 000 yeais A bmt suivev ef the Chn esc 1 istoiy w il' hclo the West to bettci u 1 eistci 1 Cl in i u c hei people The 11 obi of t u on ii of li o the T c 1 11 111 in 1 the missing in' kit lo scient sts and iichaeolo„ists J he Se ot u V ol '■ I Ue in the Me Ivinlcy In i tint n Join IIiv Slid tint the v ills icue lesls with Ghin 11 d \ In e (i uii ki sLa is ho oci lly |r tc lly c(o nomic ilU icli lo si held the key to the woilds politic duiin the next five ccntuiiej The I ailv Leniiinin The stoiy ol Ghin i he i s witli Pan Kl \ ho foi D 000 veus t iik 1 th it the Un ( e in ht t il e e i foini Icllowin Pin Ku e un< Die Heavei kn tie' u t Kin s rho
LynA TOpAY FRl SAT
tetf ImlqMmflrn m9 CAMP 6R@UII9. with FUZZY mmm SECOND HIT
Ul 0 / s Creal-ch True Adventure 3irry i i Coentr/ tto Man Knew “STANLEY AND LIVINGSTONE" with '•JENCER TRACY WAITER BRENNAM
V
Jiist Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Lenmgiad, one besieged city that never fell, owes its thanks to Russian patiiots, both within the city and without, according to late lelcases from the land of the Bear Stones aie told of how 2,000 young men and women had to be mobilized to diaw water from holes in the ice of Lake Ladoga and the Ne\a river Peasants behind the Geimaii lines with the aid of guerillas
yyeie able to fuinish the city with o\‘"i 400 tons of food giown in what the Geimans considcicd their teriitory. “Islands’ of Russian resistance SLill maintained themelvta in thio tciii oi y and they too, luinished food which was giown within sound if not in sight of the eoiitiriucus fi htng Today Lenin grad owes its fieedom liigcly to the sweat ind blood of pel sons who had no diiect connection with the city and yvcie not in iiiy oiganized
limy
oCsihML to the £dibfL
II 111 ot Music Assembly Room Ag Hall
3 27—4:41 3 36—4 52 3 56—5 12 1 06—5 22
3 00—4 16—5 32 3 11—4.27—5.43 3 20—1 36—5 52
Out—5 59
Man Kin; s and the fen Peiiod ot A cent which hi mgs the mythic il Chinese piocession down thiough 11101 c than thiee million yens to the beginning cl the Legendaiy Peiiod 3000 B C In the Legendaiy Poiud came the Age of the Five Puleis I ach of these luleis w is noninated to office which was with out douot the ii at ciemoeiatic ad niiiistiation in the woild Fu Hsi the hist of these luleis is ciedited v\ ith b in; mg his people out of then caves tnchin them to build dwellings to hint fish eultiv ue the Ini' coo' then food nd cue foi then flocl s 'Ic set up i eiudc e lien i u e t ibiishcd ni image 1 iwa uul mile music il m tuimcnts Shen U n„ the secon 1 ot the five 1 ul IS m\c eil ifiieuUuial im plcn ent mide ncdicmil discov cue uul n tO ted i 1 ai tci sy ten Iluiig t the thud ol the live nvented iiinoui hips bncl s vvlc kl veil ties eicctol in ob ei/Uoiy anci I t ilt i tc nple Heiven bfil woiins vvcie cultn ited (See GHIN \ ji igc 1)
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLe FEATURE-
Dcii Sii
yoiu cleaily woided editonal “Business in oui Peace Plan con eludes yvith the following abbievi
ated pa agiaph
‘We must icalize tliat man even in Ameiica is essentially selfish whothei his mteiests aie centcieci in the gloiy of the battlefield oi m the fulfillment df a peace dieam We must "ccept this selfishness Because we citizens ot the United States know as do oui leuleis of finance that the thiins leally best foi oui«olves ai 0 t '' things best foi oui neighboi^ The coinfoitmg aoi_ti me of the beneficence of enlightened selfish ness hei e so itti u tivcly cxpiessed his a wide appeal and icceptuiec especially as you imply among finincial and con me ei il mtcies s Ihcie aie tho c howe p anion, scicii ific ''lid piofessionil loups who question the docliiic They would cmpl asize the fitt Ih it mins inimal iituie meludes the held motincl which 1 \ cssentiil IS selfishness they woull ils-) p t to sociil as well is to biologic il inhciilinees such as the u’cilism ol 1 iti ill 111 \\1 ich is IS icil i 1C d and tl ey \ luld ifiim mill itely
moie liiim ii c
They would expose the din^cis of tilt doeti me ot tho heneheence ol selfishness by stitin^ it m its exticmc but loi icil foi in aftei the inaiinei ot Hitlci It is light to ithance my selfish mtcicst by iny lie ms that I tin got uv ly with 'Ihcy believe thi doctnne howevci stated to hav o been thoi ou,hIy dis cicditcd bv histoiral even s The inoic ittnetivc it is made to sceni the moie duigcious it become Thou,,!! it has always muddied the sti0 1111 of yVmeiicin thought it hi been mo t noi omo in the back w isb of the stignint eddio and loi i noticeable in the in un cu i'’nts m the mfluentiil docunio it if the people liy Die peop'e u d I n the
pc oplc
Ihcic 1 e m iny thin; s i ei t'' 1 tr 1 live it a just and lastm, peace Gne of these essciUia's D it mu t be piesent it the pe ice L U Ic and leyond it is tie inself h pint i the nilliors ot n n c f D is ii 1 jt ioi nici w Us who h uc been i ui ic willm,, to die foi Don coiitiy Heioism ck ivcs a bette im i e Ih in selfishness Rcspcetfullv o ibn itte 1 W r Haw land cr stall
Evety thing for a College Education DEAC’S
rh Jipincst seem to be tiying to show thit then isl incl einpiie intends to iciniin puiely tint and no 11101 c no mittci v hit the outcome of the piesent conflict In i lecent speech in Pokio Jap Piemiei Tojo tateil that J ipan would fight to euish Amciici so Ions is Ameiica pciswts m obstiuctmg J ip in s wai ims He went on to s ly th it tJio Nipponese hi/e I'lsoliiUly no tCi iiLoiiil unis tow ud the United States of South Ainci ea Speeches like this might be mteiulecl to soft c n Ui cl S ml iqi iJ the w u docs end in ou 1 ivoi This would peihaps let the J ips 1 ecp moie ot then own tiuitoiv th n would othei wise be ccoidcd them u 1 it would it k 1st k lie them someDung to fall b lel cn foi piool ot tl eii lily ek m unbitions so lu is we le eon ecinecl To luilhei clmly the gist ol till speech the Honoi ibk Pic mici lo|o would do well to outline Jap in w 11 urns nice they seem to b quite h izy in mo t of oiu nil lids
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
plus LATEST PATHE NEWS
MAHS
TODAY and TOMORROV/
THUR FRl SAT AT REGULAR PRICES
■(ir
>< \
y ^
> t)tf5 5
1
'|) ^
*fhUfHd^yi,F^bi^uary 4, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Pkffi 3
LiiilierPs I'M En§age$ Ndirthviresterli Wildcats At EvdhSton Saturday Evening Max Biggs, promising new Purdue foiward who had been hospitalized since the Indiana game with a severe cold, was back in the Boilermaker hardwood fold today as Coach Waid Lambert continued prepaiations for the Chicago Stadium engagement with Northwestern on Satuiday night With Biggs back in action, Lambert, looking forward to starting the second half of the ■ - Big Ten schedule, indicated that he would start the same combination that has initiated the last two games With Ohio State and Indiana. Biggs, who gaifted sophomoie status with the opening of the cuiient term and gives pioinise of developing into one of the most adept ball handleis in the cucuit, will undoubtedly be palled at foiwaid with Paul fhiend, a comparative midget, who set a lecoid-breaking scoiing pace as he accumulated 19 points in the first half of the second Buckeye encoun
tei
Menke Carnes On Family Name Capt Allen Menke, langy lunioi who was viitually catapulted into the sole captaincy of the Boilci makei quintet when Bob Riley cn tered the naval aviation coips le mams a peimanent fixture at cen ter Allen, who has been moi e than maintainfng the reputation of the Huntmgbuig hardwood family is m fourth place in the cur lent Big Ten individual scoiing race with a total of 78 points scored while the Boil ermakers have been breaking even in SIX game-: The Boilermaker guaid berths will be capably handled by Fd Ehleis flashy sophomore dribbler and one handed flip shot expert and Floyd “Rudy’ Lawson, lunioi con verted from forward who has de veloped into one of the best rebound control men in the league The Puiduc squad seeking its thirtieth victory in 36 starts against the Wildcats will leave here Sat uiday morning for the second of three Chicago Stadium engage ments this season
A1 Menke captain ol the Rueter five and who cUiiently holds down foijith position in the Conference scoiing laee with 78 points on 33 field goals and 12 free throws will hold sway in the pirot spot Satur day night when the Lambcrtmen meet the Wildcats
^cirie.,
1913
FAO Chess Tourney thro igh
Second Round Matches irniy 1 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Kapp i
Tau, Beta Sigma Psi vs Alph r Cln Indiana Rho, Phi Kappa vs Pi Kappa Phi 111 inois Delta Chi vs Kappa Si} ma Wisconsin Matches next lound Delta Tau Minnesota Delta, Alpha Kappr Lambdr 9 lu Puiduc Epsilon Phi Ohio StrLc Scoics for these nr itches must be Michi-, in in the Fraternity AfTaiis Office Northwestern Room 360, Union Building by Mon low r day, Feb 8, at 5 p m Chic i o
Big Ten Standings Indi in i still holds top place in the Conference standings with six vie toi les and no defeats Illinois also undclcated hive played but five Big Ten tilts thus far the standing
of Monday, I eb
W 0
Pet 1 000 1 000 fOO 500 500 400 250 250 1( 7 000
WELCOME to PiUtdm. TybrnuftiaL linlmL WHERE ONE CAN ENJOY; ... A Pleasant Atmosphere . . . Spacious Rooms for Overnight Guests . . . Economical Eating Places . . . Numerous Recreations . . . Eriendiy, Prompt, Service PLAN TO HAVE A PLEASANT STAY ON THE CAIMPUS JhsL pu/bdim, . IfRmufdaL Unmt. \ The Coinei of the ianipui,— Yet the Ceiitet of Activities,
Big Ten Frosh Basketball ^ ‘r t If f ) Tourney Will Bring Array Of Talent To Riveter Floor By Jim Wendell Just a week from this coming Satuiday, the Fieldhouse will be the scene of some of the greatest bas ketball talent ever assembled under one roof, when the first frosh tour nament ever held by the Big Ten schools will be featured with four of the conference yearling teams taking part Northwestern, Indiana, and Illinois, not to mention the Riveter squad are enough just by themselves to give a full evening s entertainment for any basketball
fan /
Four Games In All These four teams will begin then elimination procedure in the after noon with the Boilermaker year lings playing Dwight Eddleman and company from Champaign at 1 30 p m Then comes the other half of the state of Indiana, namely the Hoosiers who enter into combat with the Wildcats from Evanston at 3 00 p m In the evening the losers of the first two games will meet m a consolation contest at 7 p m fol lowed by the finals at 8 30 Carr Be All Indiana Tourney This tourney can easily become an all Indiana or an all Illinois senes in the final game neither the two from Illinois oi the two from Indiana meet each other in the first games/of the tournament If the Riveters should come through with a victory in then clash and if In diaira downs the Wildcats, then the finals will see an All Indiana event Eddleman To Be Here From the peisonality standpoint, this tourney will bung together some of the more publicized first year bucketmen in the country Probably foremost among these will be Dwight “Dike” Eddleman of Illinois Eddleman was the most publicized prep school player of last voai having his career featured in a national picture magazine Cream Of The Crop 1 he cream of the Hoosier high school crop of last year was divided rather unevenly between Lafayette and Bloomington with the Riveters getting the lion’s share Indiana erme through with Bud Brown of Bums of Muircie last year s Gimbel xVwaid winner Geoige Babcock of Logaiisport, leading scoicr in the North Central Conference as of last season, and Max Payton of Rich mond All three jf these were on last year’s Indiana All Star team Reamci Gimlet AITaii Tickets for this battle of baskets are obtainable by simply flagginodown the nearest Reamer or Gimlet mm The taiili will be 50c with passpoit All outsiders will be
charged $1 00
Individual Scoring Of Big Ten Cagers
G EG FI TP 5 47 1> 107 6 11 16 98 6 36 22 94 6 12 78 6 28 17 7) 4 28 11 67 6 25 17 67 6 25 11 61 5 26 7 69 6 21 16 58 5 18 21 57
7
► Buckeye Tank Squad Here Saturday This Satuiday night at 7 30 Boilermaker sports fans will get an op poitrinity to see in action several of the world’s greatest swimmers when the star studded Ohio State tank squad invades the Fieldhouse pool for its all important Conference meet with Dmk Papenguth’s top ranking outfit The meet will be free to everyone so it would be a good idea to get there early As an added attraction Papeirguth has made ar langemcnts for a diving exhibtion to be given by the Ohio State divers on
the 10 ft board
Hawaiian Star To Appear ^ The Buckeye performer who will probably receive the most attention Satuiday will be the little Hawaiian sophomoie Nakama who has in the past two months become the swimming sensation of the Middle West The short, squatty, dark skinned fellow already holds the National AAU championships in the 440 and 1500 meter (outdoor) events in addition to the indoor 440 meter title
► Worid^s Greatest
It seems that one of the requirements to become a member of the Ohio Stale squad is to hold some kind of Big Ten or National title There file not less than six Conference title holders and seven AAU champs on the Buckeye roster On paper this year’s team looks like the woild s greatest In fact before the season opened the Buckeyes were picked as the best in the country by many outstanding coaches However they have already been beaten by Matt Mann’s Michigan outfit so be ready for anything Saturday night when the two teams tangle
^ 220 Yard Breaststroke!
Undoubtedly the highlight of the evening will be the 220 yard breast stroke event which will bring together four of the best, if not the four best breaststroke men in competition today—Heidke and Captain Wil liamson of the Riveters and Councilman and Mamaliga of the Buckeyes Heidke the brilliant Boilermaker sophomore who cracked the world’s record in this event at the Aquacade in December will be at a slight dis advantage because he has not been able to practice lately Never the less you can count on the big fellow to give a good account of himself
► Could Claim World^s Tifle
Joe Williamson has been one of leading point getters foi the prst two years and just recently completely outclassed the Chicago swimmeis nr this event Councilman is the National champ in both the indoor and out door breaststroke events Mamaliga, on the other hand copped run nciup honors in the Big Ten meet last year The winner of this race
Satuiday could well claim the world s title
Boilermaker Boxers Prepare To Meet Valparaiso Sluggers in First Match Of 1943 Season Coach Jim Eecis and his Boilermaker boxeis will open then season on Febiuaiy 12, when they tiavel to Valparaiso, Ind , to meet a stiong aggiegation of sluggeis fiom Valparaiso U The Rivetei boxeis have been wot king out for the post month m piepaiation foi then coming season, and Coach Beers believes that his men will be in
112 ba division G S Labaw and Paul Pari s in the 135 lb class, Les Da\ les and E W Ruff will handle
che 145 lb work and P R Vogel
gesang afid Ted Owens in the 155 lo department In the heavier
weights J F Wilcox and F Her
ion take cue of the 165 lb divi
mg made to rewaid the boxeis that sion D McMrllen and V Nicholas
Buckeye Tanknien . Appear Here Saturday Ohio State’s brilliant swimming team, with four natfonal champions on the rostci, will piovide the opposition for f'urdue in a Big Ten dual meet here Saturday night at 7:30 that will find a number of lecords endangered Fiom the standpoint of the spectators the mam interest is expected to be focussed on the breast stroke and the fancy divmg events In the breast stroke, Purdue’s outstanding performers, Captain Joe Williamson, Mid-State A A. U. titleholder, and Elroy Heidke, flashy sophomore who recently set new world marks for the 60 yud and 50 meter distances, will be matched against James Councilman Buckeye sophomore, holder of the world record at 3,000 yards and National AAU champion, and Emil Mamaliga runnel up foi Big Ten honois last season In fancy diving John Jeungst, Pm dues leading exponent of the spiing boaid will be hard pressed to keep pace with a brilliant Buckeye tiio The Ohio State squad not only includes Fiank Dempsey, national collegiate and Big Ten champ but Millei Andeison, who won both the indoor and outdoor national A.AU title last season Dick Papenguth Boilermakei swimming coach stated that if at all possible Dempsey, Andeison and Jeungst will stage a high boaid exhibition following the close of the meet
proper
Hawaiian Champ In the distance free style events, the Buckeyes aie expected to score heavily with Keo Nakama, sopho-
llusky Jack Kennedy, sophomoie Boilermaker forward from Lorain, Ohio, IS slated to see plenty of
action next Saturday evening* when Hawaii, the national 440
the Riveteis journev to Evanston
to tangle with the Noithwestern Wildcats
Track Squad Faces Five Team Heet At
Next Week
Chicago,
top condition foi the Valpo
match
Because of lack of inteiest in boxing, the team this year has Lindeigone a complete lebuilding To piomotc fuithei inter cst in the ait of fistics plans aie be
Boilermaker track coaches Hei mon Phillips and Homei Allen gave then proteges a change of loutine yesterday afternoon when they sent them thiough a senes of matched laces Wheievoi possible a fiesh man was paired off a.,ainst a vai sity man loi each of the events Since the fieshmen lunneis get veiy little if any experienced com
and 1500 metei defending champion as an outstanding favorite, and Jack Ryan Big Ten defending champion, as another entrant Cliff Eiiksen will cany Puidue’s hopes
in the events ^
In the sprints there is expected to be a real duel between Bill Snead, Boilermaker junior and Jack Martin Buckeye speedster In the backstioke the Buckeyes hold a big edge with Captain Mark Follensbee defending Big Ten champion, ably supported by William Ryan
Big Ten Champs
The Bucks were the first team to dethrone the Michigan Wolverines fiom the Big Ten ciown of which they had been perennial holders The men fiom Ohio accomplished this feat last season when they tiimmed the Wolves both in dual meet competition and in the Big Ten Conference meet The two
petition the coaches aie doing
everything possible to give them as again several weeks
much competition as possible
show ability Coach Beers has plen ty of openings on his squad this sea son and an invitation has been is
punch in the 175 lb class and J McMillen and J W ..Rowell meet uhe 185 lb opposition
Phillips Illinois
Hamilton Indiana
Chapni in Iowa Menke Puulue Tiickcy loiva Giahani N U Phleis Purdue
Willnms Indiana
Kotz Wisconsin I ind Minnesota
Sullivin Wisconsin lllathiscn Illinois
I o an Indiana
Millci Ohio
Piltcison Wis Liutenbach Wis OBiicn Iowa Excl Minnesota Picwstci Minn
like N U
M cndland N U
sued foi any individual to come up Intiamural Meet Likely
to the boxing qnaiteis in the Field house to work out A legulai pio
In addition to these Coach Beeis has new mateual which yvill beai
Riveteis To Take Pait In Meet The next \aisity meet will be held at Chiea.,0 on Febiuaiy 13 Tins will be a five yvay meet with Chi eago Minnesota Noithwestein Wisconsin and Purdue taking pait in it 9he meet itself will be held in the Chicago Fieldhouse In the field cients will be the pole v uPt the hi^h jump the shot put and the
ago and the men from Michigan regained then former supremacy, when they yvon out over the Bucks in a very close meet The highlight of the contest took place in the bieaststioke race, when Councilman defeatend Skinner of Michigan who has held the confeience crown
for the last two seasons Divers Of The Past
It the diving exhibition takes place it will be a leal tieat for the spectators, since the Buckeyes haVfe
giam IS tolloyvcd aeeoiding to the witching These leather thioweis -"-'"’P Track events will be nevei pioduced a team without a
physicil condition and the skill ol the indniduil Spriggs Called By Nary
lie Jick Beckle J ‘Tony Galento” Steele R Piesslei H Ochstem F Alexandei and J McClure More
the Rivetei team has suffered mateuil may be seemed from PE
one loss of power so fai this season This happened when A G Spriggs
12 boxing classes tint are now in session Some ot the PE 12 stu
22 21
22 18
51
9 51 3 49
15 12 42 16 9 41 6
17
10
1 15 10 40 1 lo 10 10
lieshnnn liom Iionton Ohio and dents hive been tiying to piomote one ot the most promising pros interest in an inti imuial hoxin., peets on the lostei was called bv meet in the neai tutuie It enough the N ivy An Corps the 1 isk ol interest is taken in this endeavoi filling his shoes developed into quite the match will be lun off sometime i tisk ind his yacaney is still on attei one of the hiskitball games the doubtlul list Coach Beeis believes that more Coach Bcei'- his toimulated a intcicst should be shown in the an piobible tiayelin,, lostei foi tie emit boxing spoit With the pies tiip to V ilpai iiso but the definite cut stress ot w u students should lineup IS still undecided Some of tike inoie interest in then physical the piobables aie 1 Mon in the conditio i
To the Men Overseas MAI MAIL
DECKER’S MAIN STREET PHONE 5036
L etters from home are morale, almost ■(as important as ammunition! Get your letters to him QUICK! Letters have ‘come from Australia in 7 days ... from Hawaii m 3 . . from India in 2 weeks .,. from Africa as quickly as planes fly the Atlantic ... from everywhere in this global war. But you must write them on Uncle Sam’s official V-Mail stationery to get this speedy service. Only a 3c stamp is necessary. Your letter is photographed on 16 mm. film flown to its destination and there reproduced and delivered to addressee. Tell your boy overseas your love, your pride in him, your loyalty—a message that never loses its wonderful newness. You’re so proud of him you’re nearly bursting tell him so . TODAY. ^ ^ Our store’s V-MAIL INFORMATION CENTER HAS YOUR magic carpet to that boy afar. Come in today and let us tell you about V-MaiL
60 yaid dish mile lun 60 yaid low lundlts 60 yaid high hiudles 440 yaid lun 2 mile iiin 880 yaid iiin,
and the mile leliy
Maioons Have lough learn In the past the Maiooiis hive al vyays hid a leputation toi being stion^ in the field events and weak in the ti ick events but this yeai they hive the bulk ot then powei in tiack events Bob Kinchelow a po'c V uiltei IS vutuallv the onlv expel igneed field eompetitoi Wiscoi sin s squid is lated is one ot the top contendeis toi the Bu Ten eiown The Bau-,eio have on then teim seveiil outst indii ^ in dividual contendeis in Bob Hod,,ell who his eleaied 6 teet 5 inches in the hi,h ju np ind Bob Beieile w ho has heaved the shot toi a iceoid ot
47 feet 8 inches
top notch diver in lecent years Fans will lemembei the graceful Al Patnik who stole all honors on both high and low boaids three seasons ago Last season saw the climax of the chieer of another great spiing boaid stai, when Earl Claik also national titleholJei, giaduated aftei dominating the Big Ten cucles toi several seasons Jeungst Boileimakei divei, was a suipiise package foi Coach Dick Papenguth when he leturned. to school in Januaiy after a biief lay
oft
Notice
I hose w ho had incnfopletes ul I’LM 12 last semester must make them up this Saturday at 1 p m. —CLEVETT
Intramural Schedules
fM )
B VSKLIB VLL
B\SKETB\LL
Ihuisdav lebruaiv 4
Friday February 4
C !ui 1 1—S R id ics
Couit 2—Pilaiski
7 00
Chaiiieey v tiule Pines
7 00
Shoit Couise 1 vs Short
7 15
Dj\ ei vs IviK ik
Couise 2
8 10
Lum i| \ M 1 w J 1 1
7 15
Shoit Couise o vs Shoit
Coiiit ,hiidt Mun n
Couise 4
7 00
Owen s Rod 1 le
Couit e>—Jim Rudasics
7 1 )
Salisluiy vs Meslmiistei
00
Unit 2 vs Unit 5
8 10
VI] h 1 C imii i R i) vs Phi
7 15
Unit 3 vs Unit 6
Delti Hull
s LO
1 nit 1 \s Unit 7
Ih
e t How in. Squish m ltd es
1 he
tollowin, squash matches
wiU
be pHvxti Hulls'u evenin.
will be plavtd I iiday evening Feb
1 eb
1 C uut 1
5
Couit 1
7 0 )
Hu L1 t hi V Vlnh i 1 lu
7 00
Delt i r111 Delta vs Pi Kappa
Gnu, i
A.lph i
S (0
Flu K ipp i Si n 1 vs Vlphi
S 00
Delta Chi \s Fhi Kappa
Cl i III 1 i 1
—
C i ill t 2
Ihe
tollowin, men aie to itpoit
7 00
1 lul l \l Vs Flu Iv ipt l 1 Ul
u the Ping Pong loom m the Field-
S 00
Si,11 i Vlph i Mu V De It i
h uise
ten the A.11 Campus matches
Ul sd n
oil eilhtn Huusday tioni 1 to 5 15
C oui t
Ol hiiday attei noon tiom 4 to 5 iS
7 00
Si^m i Alph i I psilon vs big
\ou will be paued as you lopoit at
nia Fill
the 1 leldhouse H S Smiiknitz,
S 00
Ve lei i V 1 111 Ddt i Iheta
(See IM, page 1)fV\
P«ige 4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February 4, 1943
4##«
New Peace Course Gains All-Campus Enthusiasm
Popularity In University
Bj Marthalee Rirrs One of the mo'^t inteiesting cOulscs offeied on this campus— and one that is gaining populaiity among the students—is Govern mcnt 110 The couise is a new one, having been offeied only the last two semesteis, and is called “Prob lems of International Peace” Besides being such a timely topic, Piofessoi Robinson has gained a leputation for piesenting it in a most inteiesting mannei Last spiing Piesident Elliott pexsonally lecommended to Piofessoi Robinson and Piofessoi Estey that the couise be added to louiid out the government depaitnient’s courses on inteinational fields It is essentiallv a libeial aits couise (which might appeal to those of us who piefei less technical couises to round out the chaiactei istic tccli nicality of the Univeisitj) It is offeied now on the geiieial theoi\ that people should considei peace pioblems in ad%ance latliei than after it is too late Prof Robinson Comments Piofessoi Robinson haciiig ob tamed his Doctoi s dcgiee on inteinational oigaiiizatioii-' picsents his mateiial -ven competenth He comments “The goceiniiient and uliiveisities aie not oiih confionted with the appaieiitly iiioie demand mg problems of actual waifaie but they aie also coiitionted with the equally seiious pioblem ot lecon stiuction ” Most students taking the couise are of junior oi seiiioi ianking|and the eniollmeiit of twenty students last semestei iiici eased to thiitj five this bemestei an evidence of the populaiity ot the couise Theie 15 no te\t and the lefeienee woik is done from cuiient editions on the cuiient pioblems The United States goVeinment also piovides iiifoima tion through documents published by the Commission on Study mg the Organizations ot Peace, and the Univeisity libiaiy has a shelf of ctiiient lefeience books to be used especially for Goveiniiient 110 stu dents They aie available howevei, to anyone desiiing to lead on the subject Not Temporary Course The couise as might be thought 16 not ju=t a tempoiaiy couise to be given only duiing the time that peace pioposals aie a cuiient issue, but Will be continued to study the new peace stiuetuic that is finally adopted At present the couise in eludes the following mateiial 1 Natuie and extent of post wai plan ning 2 International oiganization until 1939—then accomplishments and defects 3 Causes of wai 4 Current proposals toi postwar in teinational oiganization 5 Pat terns of international oiganization emeiging duiing the wai paiticu larly the United Nations
University Courses Completed By 18 Townspeople Couises in analytical chemistiy and piecision measurement have been completed by eighteen Lafayette men and women This twelve weeks, tuition-fiee couise was given in the Univeisity by the U S Office of Education Classes weie held two nights a week The couise in analytical chem istiy offeied a piaetical working knowledge of the theory and tech nique of industiial qualitative and quantitative analysis through skill in fundamental analytical opera tions maintenance ot laboratory leeoids of detei minations and cal eulation and inteipietation of re-
sults
The industiial instiuments class foi measuiement and control do veloped skill in selecting piopei in stiuments for desiied measure ments and ability to use the in foimation for economic opeiation of pioduction equipment in Ice Lets
China
Soil Science Society Di G N Hoftei w ill discuss “Potash in Ameiican \giicultuie” at a meeting of the Soil Science Society tonioiiow evenin,, at 7 00 in loom 104 of Agiicultuial Hall Duiing his discussion Di Hoffci will show a coloied inoMe depict mg potash pioduction in Ameiica Hib topic will be based on an out line of its lole m plants and its 1 elation to staivation sj injitoms Scabbard And Blade To Elect Pledges Membci s of Scabbaid and Blade, national militaiy honoiaiy jiatei nity, will meet in loom 3bj of the Union buildin,, at 7 iO tonight to elect pledges for this scmcstci All membeis must bung then lists of the cadet officeis accoidmg to lank This list is sjiccificd as “Special Oidei Numbci I’ by the Militaiy Dcjiai tment About )5 pledges will be chosen loi the oi ganization Prof. H. J. Muller mcmbci of the English Dc paitinent since 1915 left yesteiday evening 101 Washington D C His new job will be that oi making final ai langeincnts foi all men sent abioad liy the diftciciit dcjiaitmcnts while he selves the Dcpaitmcnt oi State as 1 oicigii Adniinistiativc of heel Piol Mullci has been gianlcd leave of absence iioin the Lmvci sitv loi the diiiation Alpha Kappa Lambda social fiatcinitv will hold a dance tonioiiow night iioin 8 to 11 3U It will be an evening s cntci taiiiincnt dilicicnt fiom othei d)tlKcs hcictoloic held on campus
Some enteipiising fieshman de cided that he would attempt a thm ice skating act yesteidav The action that followed his first foot step onto the ice pioved that some University students aie fiom Mis souii and have to be shown Stepping onto the ice the y oung student „ot the sensation of a spiiiig board but was nnwillmg to back track because he might lose face Aftei five steps, the ice de cided tint theie was no use m humoiing this bi illiant student and gave way in one bi„ piece The stu dent found himself m six inches of veiy cold watei and immediately began to extract himself fiom the piedicament Between chattel ing teeth he said that once was enough for him and that in the futuie any one that attempted to walk on any ice on the Univeisity campus was takm,, his life into his own hands Personnel Notes Companies Sclieciuled to Visit Campus National lube Company Ellwood City Pennsylvania — rebiuaiy 4 Cuitiss W right Coipoiation, Pas saic New Jersey—rcbiuaiy 4 and 5 Consolidated \iiciaft Coipora tion San Diego, California—Feb iiiaiy 18 and 19 Intelcsted in Apiil August Gi aduate students in CE ME AE EE
These companies do not plan to visit the campus, howevei, they aie mteiested ih students lor employ
mont
Ken Rad lube & I amp Coiporation Owensboro, Kentucky—Inter ested in men oi yvonien yvho have ti unin„ m phv-.ics or electrical en g nceiing ■Murpiiv (hail (ompanv, Oyvens 1)010 Kentucky—Intel ested in stu dents who have expeiience oi edu c ition m tunc studies and setting
1 lies
Kroeplin Appointed As New Circulation Manager Hob Kiociilin junioi mctalUUf, leal cn„incci lioni Rivei Forest, 111 icccntlv Ills Ijccn appointed to the iiosition ol ( II eulation Mana,,ei of the 1 xpoiient He succeeds W il ham Pcctcnvv ild wlio is now m the Mctcoiolo,,y Division ol the Ai my \ii (oi,)> Kiocidm is I Reamer pic Uc and lives in ( aiv Hall while Hcctenvvald vv is a numbci ol Sig ni i Phi 1 psiloii social liatcinity
(Continued fiom page 2) and the ait of weaving was taught Tables of weights and measures were first used with grains of millet taken as a unit of measure The first appearance of organized government came when Huang Ti divided the countiV into ten provinces, each piovince into ten departments, each depaitment into ten districts and each district into ten towns Emperor Yu was the last of the Five Rulers and under him roads were built, cuts weie made through the hills to dram off the lands, military forces were organized to defend the rich valleys from the nomad barbarians of the north and many arts of civilization were well advanced when the Great Yu made the crown hereditary and established the Hsia dynasty, which was the be ginning of Chinas historical period and heieditaiy rule The Hsia dynasty luled from, 2205 to 1767 B C Prince of Shang caused the downfall of the Hsia dynasty m 1766 B C and ruled until 1122 B C Chou Dynasty , More than a thousand years elapsed between the age of the Five Rulers and 1122 B C when the Chou Kings took over the rule ol China They established a govern ment with a strong tendency to free speech and democracy a govern ment that expeiimented in state socialism and under vv Inch the Em pile was forced into a state of “mutual toleiation ri the luleis and the ruled The luleis of the small states were in constant wai with one anothei Gieat advancement was made under the Cnou Dynasty Schools were established books were insciibed aits floui islied his tones and 1 istoiical lomances were written philosophical tieatises weie published mathematics astionomy and astrology were dc veloped In many respects Chinese cultuio had taken on its definite ideals befoie the fall of the Chou Dynasty but the ^leatcst gloiy of this Classical A,,c was its famous philobopheis whose influence men tal and moral, is seen in the atti tude of the Chinese people to the present day Ihese philosophers aie Lao t/e Confucius and Mencius who will live alw lys m eveiy land I he Great Iviant Following, the fall ol the Chou Dynasty the conquering Chin foiged the countiy into the might lest Empiie that the East ever had The Gicat Tyrant at this time dc stioyed and bulled alive more than four hunched scholais The object was to thiottle education and lib eial ideas as well as to destioy all seeds of rebellion The fall of Ch in was as sudden as its use and with its fall feudalism disappeared fiom the countiy leavin^ behind the Gieat Wall of China one ol the greatest engineer in., feats ol all
time
(Continued m next issue) Army Atmosphere Invades
The Ratio
3.55...toi
SERVICE NOTES
We got the lowdown on these gals m the WAVES stationed at lU the other day from a couple of Sig Eps who went down to see the game Saturday, Ed Hyde and Tom Templeton, by name The way we heard the story, it seems that someone fixed the boys up a couple of dates with the naughtycal misses,»who were set to pull out of tire Bloomington rat hole the next day and were deter mined to make their last fling a pip At any rate, we gathered a little choice military infer Illation for our statistical notebook which we’d like to pass on to you
(but won’t—Ed )
F. G. Byer
1912 ^,1 idu lie liom the ( ol Ic^c ol A;..,! icultui c his l)ocn sc Icclcd bv tlic U S Navy to take a OIK veil \ lyy Sii|)))ly (oipscouise 111 the llaiv lid (iiadiiatc School of Husincss Administialion His vv ji k will pcitiin ilnioa.t ciitiicly to In dustiiil Mamucnunl 11c will he lommis lone i in 1 iisi,^n it th end oi ihi ( c inoiiths Hvii ittaimd his bichcloi s dc in ^jii il 1912 ind enlisted in the nav il icscivc V7 classiiicati rn bcloic ,,iadiiaLion Hi was iblc to obtain hi nirstci s dc^ici in 4gii (iiltuial 1 conomus duiing the sum 111 I nil I ill I I 19 12
LATEST PIN PLANTINGS It seems every time the weather even pretends to warm up around here, somebody thinks it’s spring and hangs his pm What are we griping about anyway’ We’d go out of business if they didn’t Scratch many times pinned Theta Jan Roberts off your eligibility list She lust succumbed to Phi Delt Ed Ruch the other day Anothei two some recently chained together arc Triangle John Martin and Fuzzy Helen Fiench Along the same gen eiaUlmc Sig Ep Chuck Showaltei IS now back in circulation! having gotten his pin back over that longto be lemcmbei Xmas vacation
CORRECIION Wed like to collect a little mis infoimation which appeared in the last colyum legaiding the officeis ot that most high honor ary or gam zation EFJC (Eiiol Flynii Junior Commandos, in cast you vc forgot ten) The president of the club whose initials arc C C js not Cor iielius Callahan HI of the Theta Chi barn as wo said but is Beta Carl Chiistcnscn Wc arc still in the market for a membership m the club by the w ay
By M.irion Smith About two years ago young peo pie, and older ones too, realized that bowling was good exercise and that it was a pleasant form of recreation to relieve tieid muscles and weary minds Students have also discovered that bowling is a cornpar tively inexpensive and by no means the dullest form of entertainment when dating, consequently, the sport of Rip Van Winkle has become increasingly popular every where This use in popularity of the pin game has been evident in the alleys in the sub basement of the Union, too, and according to Dan Pierson, assistant manager of the Union bowling alleys, more and more students are learning to bowl every
day
Popularity Increases In spite of the fact that the hard wood lanes are open from 8 in the morning until 11 each night, and 12 on Saturday nights, there is some one playing nearly all the time Now, even the Navy has its own bowling league and occupies eight alleys every Tuesday evening The University staff also has a league which meets on Monday and Fii day evenings while anothei league from Cary Hall tries its luck with the pins each Thursday night Rolls 290 Last year George James a stu dent of the University, established a record for himself by rolling a 290, the highest score ever made on the Union alleys Other scores have been turned in close to thise and in general, students are con tmually knocking down highfei scores J^nothei aspect of the spoit not considered by most players is the task of the pm boys Eight pm boys are on the job continually and they find that they receive considerably more exercise than the bowlers themselves In fact, according to one pin boy if the University could just devise some system whereby all students could be pin bo'vs a few horns each week there would be no need for PEM 12 Everyone would be in good physical condition
IM Schedules (Continued from page 3) M J Gardner, G E Gifford, L R Hedberg, Dial, J A West, B W Squire, C G Clark, R Bray, Silberbeig, A J Weinberger, R H Allen, L L Holtzman, G N Virens, John Howarth, M F Anderson, H E Saeweit, C C Gayncs, D D Werts, J C Riley, J L Beckett AI Wundei, J H Cowen, C T Kramer, A J Crofts, H C Bauer, Jack Cohen, J E Mikulak, R W Giieder, N Laskin, Braudel, C H Stockman, L M Nielsen, Paul Prass, Paul Fine, Marvin Russell, A U Hageiman, N 0 Geudei, G P Pappas, J A Lazersoii, Q W File, R D Martin, J E Miller, R A Kraay, C V Culbertson, F Parkinson, E P Yailing If you cannot report on either of these days please contact the Intiainural Office and make ‘arrangements to play at some other time RIFLE PRACTICE ' Thursday, Feb 1 3 00—Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho 5 00 ■—• Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tau Omega RIFLE PRACTICE Friday, Febiuaiy 5 '3 00—Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi Delta Chi 5 00—Delta Tau Delta, Delta Up silon. Kappa Delta Rho 7 00—Kappa Sigma Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta 8 00^—Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi
WAA I'mit PonK Tournament Flrat^ match must be played by I>b 5, Dclore Gullstrom vs Llltn Clark l^rothy JjW /s bye Pave Grmpper vs Eva WiIUatAr son Boa BurRlar vs bye Pat < bye Marion Lafusc vb Elizabeth Miilqt« Dons Hahnenstein vs bye Harriett Whyte vs Betty ICmK. Make .
monls foi matchf-s
All M r 7 Students Report to Univey-
silv Cashin and draw unifoim
money —BROWiN
AWS Lxccutivc Board 1
meetinj, this week —CORNIHWAITE War Council Mcetinir Thursday at 7 p
m m the Student Umon_ogme
Interfraternity President s Council IBnnet meetimr thursday Feb A at the ^i Kappa house at 6 p m ■ DAWSOrt, Navy VI V 5 and V 7 Members iff Navv Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in tno Navy Iteserve should leave name place and dale of induction home address and classification in my oltiee A request for these cauls will be made to the OITice of Navhl Olfieer Proem ement —KNAPP Enginccrinu Lectures G E 1 meet Satuulay IS scheduled G E 2 no met nit Feb G or It ^Watch for notice of futUfiB meetint m Thursday and Friday Exponeilt,
.—KNAPP
Skull and Crescent Actives Important mei title Feb 11 at ^ 15 in room lOZ of the Union Aelives who do not havo paddles yit can get them ^ I uthcran Students—Everyone is invited to atten 1 a soeiiil meeting Sunday Feb 7, at I 10 p m it (2r N Ninth St An enn yuble ivtiine is assuied for all Take Monon Shops bus ind get delT^aon Hieh Sehool —WALLACE SC V Board Usu il meeting Tuesday peb I at iO P m House meigers will be dis,s cd ANTONACCIO PAC Meeting luduy I <•!>,/g,,'" ^.^e liiliihuise at 4 p m —JACKSON Pi Tau Sigma Impoitint meeting at* 4 ) m Fiiday 1 cl in 11 Tau room All membeis ue reque ted to attend
IIAGENMAIER
Aerieultunst I lei will be a meeting of th eiicilati I stilt at 1 T m Pnday Fcb
-WARD 1
I cell one be at the ollr
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding: the issue Students Who would 111 c pirt time \noi1c bhTuld tet in touch with the Dean of Mens OfliLL GOLDSMITH Interfraternity Presidents Council Mem hers may thtu ( ji i nI kt>s at the I r i lenity Allairb Olh c —MORGAN Conditions Lx mi i itu ns foi the ic.m>\ 1 ( f condit ms in \ ir comj let s i i Hi to^^ 1 c momi s in 1 C t vci t mt i t will bt he! 1 n baturd IV L(.li arv ( it 1 ] n i i r ni li R(.citation Builhn^ Apphe itiou must 1g made it tl Hi toiy olfice not IiUi than 1 rida> ItbiuiN —1S1E\ Playshop Lshers All th c inlcrc t d m ushtnnp: foi the i xt Pluysli p i rod ctioi The Eve C St Maik i Ic isc call Tmlcr Hall 1 G> nl ki\e i me CommittLc mcctmi., c likd iiUi DUIvL
POMM Rough night Mill be held Sattir1IV I el I m the Aimoij Activitiis Will U„in It J m PHILLIP Make Up Examinations in Biology 1, 2, 2a Will lo given Sul r lay iiftcinoon at 1 I m inioem 11 of Coulter H ill LNDERS tosmopolitan tiuli Soci il meeting Friday it 1 1 n n 1 om Jbi of the Union —DOTY ^ Alpha /ela M eting 1 uesd ly Fob 9 at 1 m in Him M2 of the Union Refreshm Its w II be s rVel —SKINNER War Ciiunnl M etii g III irsday at p m^ II bill le nt UI ion ITice AUGSBURGER Exponent Winkers I lu re will be a meeting ol the 1)11 wing peopli Friday I ebruuv il 1 1 p m m tin ofiice Held 1 It/I ilii k And rs i St ol Frotneh Hclflii 1 Dill Gooleiough Gardner and 1 lee - VEGH
VISIlOR Word has come to us that S iltv Saxton IS b ick in town for a week still w uting for the army to grab him off It may be a little 1 ite but w e don t think inyoiie has yet men tioiied the quart ot blueberry stuff whieh the slightly under the weath ei Salty gave to Kappa Casey Hos kin on as a good bye piesent last semestei We must go down to the Blazei tonight and sec if Salty throws lb good a hello party as he did a good bye paity Maybe the old m ibtei ot this colyum ean .,ive us a iew tips
ge
AWS AWS \ c It V IhuiNday 1 b 1 t olTicc Camer'i C lub b I it v\c t dt. 1 All 1 cl I cb 1 will b biol n
bci
M AA Shuffleboard m itch n i t I pi > d A An 1 M it rb irv vViIliams n In ( i
loi M ll A
m itch
1 i 1 1 (. tinj., (n 1 m it th \Wb ROBLl L 1 1 u k 1 o m 1 (1 IS i ot 1 1 ir b> 1 cn i i r \v nu m H\Y\W\R\)
T lurnamcnt I ir® [ 1 V i I Hcnni B ttv \ L\ PI 1 V Am III la\
I r L n I t f W\rLRBUR\
Monej to loan i diamonds watchoa guns, t\p writers Alberts Loan Offico, 107 Coh mbia Typewriters—Aiding. Machines all makfps soltl i(nt(d icpiirid ird purchased MimeoKiiphwcik loiu C J Lberbhoff 606 Main, I af i> tU Pi OI c - 1 Wanted—Stud nts intcrcstid in pcddHrJg tl 1 xponent C 11 Exponent 4005 Ask for Kio(.j lin
'G.l/ Chevrons
ABSENl MINDED We have anothei little j-)ke on DU Blent Fineh wed like to tell you about today It seems th it Finchs lecent dates with Kappa Betty Janbing have really affeeted the boy When he switched last Sui lay and had a date with a Pas Sion Pit gal foi a change he for got what he was doing and almost let her off at the Kappa house be foie he caught himself How em
b uiassmg'
Claio A Coolidge Acting Dean of Women is the latest to succumb to the juvenile malady—measks— that lb beginning to spiead ovei the campus Hers is diagnosed to be the three day kind so she will be able to resume her duties after a shoit quarantine period she is spending in isolation at hei home Residence halls have lepoited seveial eases ot measles, too in eluding Meidie Golden and Jean Klein and iiom the Delta Gamma house Bimi Kissam is in the hos pital Theie aic also many othci eases of this illness on the campus
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RI'K — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam Sts fhonc 5701
Army men aie takin., oyei the e imp is much lastei than people
icah/e Due to a shoita.e iii ie„ PfO/. F. C. Hocketlia
ulai ROIf ehevions legulai aimy eeiiiip lent is lieii issued to soph onioies atin^ as eoipoials and
SCI „e int-i
One stiff sei^eait wcaiin^, the legulation ehevions when intei vieyved said My one legiet is that since y\e have to letuin these stiijies I won t be able to point them out yvith pi ide to my children and say ‘When I was in the aimy ’
issistinl to the piesident
will be the iiMiieipal speakei beioie a meetiiv ol the Kokomo loie men s Club to be held in the M isonie Temple ol th it city on luesday night Plot Hockema yvill discuss methods ol deyeloping manageiial ability in ioiemen Title of his speech yvill be “Foimula ioi Fioni
Rank Foremen ’
ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS OPENS Thurs., Feb 4fh, 7:30 P M. LATE FOX-TROTS, JITTER BUG, HESITATION WALTZ AND RUMBA WILL BE TAUGHT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed , Feb. 3rd, 7:30 P. M. STRAIGHT DANCING TAUGHT ALLEN’S 6lh and I errj
JO provide more woolens for the armed forces. To make your clothes ”go farther” have them Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool goods are needed in the military service.
FINE DRY CLE iNlNG
Battle without headlines! The men and women of Btll Telephone Lalioiatoiies are directing therr energy these days to developing new and better communreation cejuipment so vital m today’s bwiftmoving global war. Peacetime developments, pioneered by Bell Lahoratones, are seeing aelion on every front Many of their wai-tiiue aehievcments should prove sieppiug stones to progress in the coming days of vietoiy and peaee. Serviee lo the INalion — m war or peaee, that’s the one ideal^of Bell_S) stem people.