%
' Ciyii Sei-vice Offers ' Government Defense /[Positions To Students
Established 1889
x/nB4ie4U> f Daily Since 1906
Editor Denounces Frosfi For Early Pot Burning; See Editorial
Volume 53, No. 133
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 5, \942
mmm Merry* qo* ROUNJ
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
State Florists Pledge Support For Victory Gardens' At Meeting
At a business meeting of the Indiana Florists’ Association, a resolution was passed pledging support to the “Victory Garden” program, according to an announcement from President Henry Hanley of Terre Haute, The early part of yesterday, the closing session of the twoday conference, was spent in inspecting the progress made in ! research work in the Univer-
Trumaif Commif-t-ee Prys Info Richer Hoarded Four Companies
WASHINGTON, March 4.—Some pointed questions regarding lubbcr supplies to the biq' tii-e and rubbei' companies have been prepared by the Truman Committee to be fired at .lesse Jones and r,eon Ilender^ son this week. Among oilier things the committee will aslq whollier if is true (1) Ihiii Goodyear, Goodrich, Firestone and H. S. Rubber were Ijermitted lo draw 26 per cent more.rubber lhan normally during the‘past year; (2) Whether Montgomery Ward slocked up with $60,000,000 worth of (ires; (3) whether big (rucking firms have .stocked up with three years supply of tires. (1( was, of course, the privilege of any individual or cofporation (o stock up with strong reserves prior to Pearl Harbor and the rationing of rubber, but the committed is interested in' locating the big sources of supply for the war cllort.) The Truman Committee received information from the Tariff Commission regarding the above questions and asked Leon Hender.son and Je.s.se Jones about them in a Ilosed door session. The two defense moguls did not seem to know the answers. Jesse Jones passed the buck on to Henderson, who, he said, was in charge of consumer matters. QuesHon Of Storage When the Truman Committee asked Hcndelson whether tlie Big Pour rubber companies had been permitted to draw a much greater supply of rubber than usual through the Rubber Reserve Corporation in 1941, ho replied that the “question of storage is involved.” In other words, we rushed into this country 400,000 extra tons of rubber last year and it had to bo stoicd some place. However, Henderson did not make it clear w'hether the Big Foui, ((lontinued on page 2)
With registration at 10 thi.s morning the Better Homes and Better Gai'dens Conference will begin a two-day session in which eivie-minded Indiana citizens will learn how to organize a Bettor Homes or Belter Gardens program in (heir eonimunil.y and how to di1'c‘et tlu> aetivilios of those groups that have eopimiltees interestefl in snel) pro.jeets. Tlu' (heme of the two-day conference, which is being .sponsored by the Indiana section of
sity greenhouses. Later the 200 florists heard the effect of wages and hours and priorities on their business outlined by Harold Yoder, of Bai-berton, Ohio, president of the Ohio State Florists’ Association, and Henr.v B. A 1) b e 11, Univci'sily purchasing agent. Round Table Discu.ssion Mike Winandy, Riehmoiid, led a round table discussion of the common problems of greenhouse maintenance and repair. Melhods of affecting economics in production, greenhouse healing, iii.seet and disease eoiilrol, and soils and fertilizers were jiresented liy momiiers of ttu' Hniver.sily staff. Yesterday I lie gtoup lieaid Alex Henderson of Chicago, president of
Better Homes in America and the .Sociot.y o( Amciican Florists,
Garden Club of Indiana, is “The American home as headquarters for
national work.”
President Elliott, who is (he jiresident of the Bolter Homes in America, wHl give tlie ojicniiig address. Other members of the Univc'i'sity staff that will appeal at the meeting aie Dr. Lillian M. Giliireth. Dr. Bertha Rose, Prof. R. B.
when he spolce on tlie attitude florists toward priorities. The lest of ycsteiday afternoon was taken up by a floral demonstration, in whicli a floral musicalo was foaluied. Musical background foi the program was provided by the University Glee Clul) and Concert Choir under the direction of A1 Stewart. Othei sub.jocts discussed by the
Hull, Prof. E. R. Honeywell and convention were shortage c^f labor.
Prof. R. B. Withrow.
Some of the projects that will be considered arc; general reconditioning, reclaimed furniture, clean-up and salvage week, community recreation plan, gardening projects, tree-planting, and protection, and contests and exhibits to stimulate interest in ait, music anfl literature. CONFERENCE PROGRAM 10:00—Registration—Lobby, Memorial Union Building 11:00—Welcome—-Dr. Edwaul C. (Continued on page 4)
paper and iron conservation, and rise of national income. Among those attending were flower growers, wholesalers, retailers and em-
ployees.
Expohenf Board
There will be a meeting of senior and faculty members of the Exponent board this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. —(X’HILTREE
ME Juniors, Seniors To Fill Out Personnel Cards Today, 8 To 5 Mechanical Enginccrin.g juniors began yesterday to fill out their personnel cards in the conference room of the ME building. The same procedure as that followed by the seniors will continue today and tomorlow under the direction of Pi Tau Sigma, with R. D. Jolls in charge. Science juniois and seniors will fill out their personnel cards today and tomorrow from 8 to 12 and 1 to 5, in the conference room of the Personnel Office in the Executive Building.
Playshop Opens ROn Of
Shown above from left to right are Harold Warren (Capt Scotl), Arthur Barab (Robt Mayo), John Clarke (James Mayo), and Ted Leinborger Andrew Mayo) in a scone from Iasi night's Playshop production By Lee Hu (flier Clark wlio dared foitli with Ted piivate convei sations wliile the With a nlixtui'c of excellent (Ira- Loinlioigci in the emotional higli- actors were liittiiig some of tlie II- ni . light of the play. high spots of O’Neill’s drama. Leinbei'ger, as the bucolic hall oJ Arthur Barab lollowcd the genshop opened the loui-day lun ol Blethers Mayo, siamt lialf the era! trend df the production by “teeyond the Horizon.” With the ex- hj;, ^hest, and being alternately very good and not ception of Betty liirick, all the act- the other half m some very good so good. I'he pait was dillieult; hi.s oi's in the lead roles shared in both, acting. With a little more experi- portrayal was a(le(]uate. (VorsatUe Acting cnee, the boy should he good. 'I'oo Bad Clark Died Miss Erick’s portrayal of RuLli Impolite Aiidieiiee As usual, the ininoi- characters Atkins Mayo was excellent in all Most iierlinent eomiiu'iit on the showed vei y well. It was unforrespqcts as she^'changed fioin the play regards the audience. They Lunate that Clark died somewhere vivacious girl of the first scene to jesiionded with more than their between the first and second acts, the drab slattern of tho last. The usual lovely degree of cooperation Dorlas Tribble, Harold Warren, acting honors for tho evening must by eonsistonlly laughing in the Lois Vaughn and Tom Bushnell bo' shared between her and John wrong places and carrying on their kept up tho Iradition.
University Scholastic Index Fixed At 3.82; Coeds Lead Men Cosmopolitan Western Conference Cary Clubbers ^***!^* Club To Give Debate Group To Meet To Hold Annual ® Ranking Show Monday On Campus March 13 Dinner - Dance * ' Scholastic standings of all The Cosmopolitan and Chinese TgAITIS To DiSCUSS annual University students for last , Students Club will present an “In- D A * * formal dance tomorrow night, be- semester was fixed at 3.82, an ternational Show,” featuring the “3*1 " AlTiei'ICamSIll ginning withji dinner at 6:o0 p.m. increase of one hundredth of n„,„d d.„c,n. the At Third Meeting “ver l.Ast year-s au camcountries represented in the stu- Third of a series of discussions by the Union from 8:30 to 11:30 p.m. index, the University andent body, Monday night, March Western Conference Debating By Student' Senate ruling corsages nounced last night. Top rank9, at 8:30 in the south ballroom of League will be held here on March have been banned. ing in the fraternities and SOrthc Union. Tickets h)r the show, Riues Singer orities were Triangle, 4.51, and which IS to be a benefit for the Re- Neighbor Policy-— Strong features Sonny Sievert, pv ■ 4 04 licf Fund Coordinating Committee, ^hat is, best promote cooperation hlues singer, Ray McIntosh, bari- . . are prie(jd at 28 cents each, includ- a„d friendship among the Pan- tone, and Mary Ann Mercer, singer. . JZu mg tax, and are now available from American nations?” will be the Sievert also doubles on the trum- nt 3 members of the two clubs, or can .g^iem for discussion. P<'t and assists with arrangements ^ bo obtained at the door. Lw Featnr.. the orchestra, 'riie “Wreckin’ muong the co-operative Novel Entertainment New 1 ea urc ^ ^ organizations Otter-Be-In led the TIio committee in charge an- These discussions, inaugurated at j,gg.„ijjj, ^,^4 ^^4 g^g strong ^ Citadel won nouncos an evening of novel enter- opening of this school year, are i,arnmnize with the “sweet” following is a tainment: performers in native cos- ‘"m entirely new feature in speech ; featured by the entire band campus ortumes, instrumental and vocal num- work and are open to all the Big ; - ganizations: hei.s, all types of dances including Ten schools desiring to participate. Fraternity Men 3.86 the rhumba and as a sneeial fea- Iowa, Minnesota, Chicago, Indiana, ^ native ol Kansas Non-Praternity Men 3.75 Unc, riwin^ and Purdue have alremly entered Cjty, and plays six instruments: aH Men 3.77 sound film on “Hawaii.” Irv Given’s Ihe discussions, and it is expected on®, oboe, En^g- Sorority Women 4.15 band will provide the music for the I^at there will be more entries bo- ’ ^ ’ 1 A,,,' 1. nApAv A A Non-Sorority Women 3.98 evenina- fore the deadline. Two previous dis- I’and play a total ol 26 difieicnt in- aH Women 4.02 cussions have been held: at Iowa struments. Originally the band was Fraternity Men and Sorority fgi, » r ’n October, 1941 and at Minnesota ‘^^osigned as a radio orche.sua for Women 3.92 in November, 1941. ' commercials, but entered the per- Non-Fraternity Men and NonThe Purdue squad, composed of appearance field on demand. Sorority Women 3.80 six persons, is coached by R. H. styles required of aH Students 3.82 Horn of tho Speech Department. I'adio band. Strong s orchestra National Social Fraternities can play boogie woogie, “sweet” Acacia 3 97 WAA Names Winners Rh' ■ - ^ _ . , „ Alpha Gamma Rho 4.19 Of Primary Efeefion; Phi Kappa 1311 Alpha Kapa Lambda 3i86 “Screen Review,” the regular VYiSI Vftl"#* i Alpha Sigma Phi 3.46 Thursday aftei noon scries of movie rSeXt Week . . . social fraternity, annomices Alpha Tau Omega 3.40 short presentations, will continue The following winners of the pri- (ilection of the following ollicers: Beta Sigma Psi i 3.92 the showing of its second semester mary election for officers of WAA, ffi'es'dent; Beta Theta Pi 3.9S th;« -ifi-ovnnpr,, r.-nw, 3 Chai'les Bickel, vice-president; Og- Delta Chi . 3.60 6 in the Music Hall " yesterday, will be voted upon Pierce, treasurer; Leroy Ber- Delta Tau Delta 3.88 The following short subjects will Wednesday, Mar. 11. Candi- lik, secretary; Michael Weis, house Delta Upsilon 3.65 be included in today’s program- dates for president are Jane Blank manager; Robert Hodapp, steward; Kappa Delta Rho 3.83 “Lions on the Loose,” a Pete Smith Hennis; for vice-president, Morggn Plummer, pledge manager; Kappa Sigma 3.82 specialty at 3 4:16 and 5-32- “Ma- Beatrice Buergler and Ruth Walk- Donald Frier, social chairman; Ly- Lambda Chi Alpha 3.60 rie Green and'Her Mcrrie m'cu ” a secretary, Evelyn Schuber man Shepard, chaplain; John E^dds, Phi Delta Theta 3.99 musical short at 3-10 4-26 and Steigerwald; for treas- sergeant at arms; Edwin Warzyn- Phi Gamma Delta 3.9t 5•42- “News of the Day” at 3-20 Elizabeth Baughman and ski, athletic manager; and David Phi Kappa 3.59 and 4:36; “Unusual Occupations No.’ ^°’’’s Bower. Eden, rush chaiiman. (Continued on page 4) 3” at 3:28 and 4:44; “Sucker List,” J-LTWorkers Funnelled Into At-War Work As... Vacation,” a Disney cartoon, aj; •! ^ • Goverriment Offers Civil Service Journeys series, at 4:06 and 5:22. Posifions To Graduates/ Students will admit no one without this * means of identification. jjy jay Richter ' — ' . ..... ... . a place if you watch closely and the old. The answer is, they won’t AGP s Washington Correspondent Exponent Staff Washington, March 4.—ACP if you were one of the some 16,- Instead the war department will All sophomores and iuuiors —The Civil Service commission 000 college people who filed with begin an entirely new plan, about 1 • t J I- T-. f-iceci T ivoinonrlnir? inric Repent civil service last month for a “jun- Jane 1, of specifying not only qilofca who intend (o petition lor Ex- laccs a tiomendous task Recent assistant’s” job, it numbers but also the age gtOW poneiit jobs should sign the sheet passage ot the Ramspeck amend- ^ay interest you to know the exams H'om which quotas are to be filled, in the Ex|)oncn( office in Ihe ment brings 85 per cent ot federal -won’t be given until this spiing. Thus, if the army says it want^ Union by Thursday, March 5, at iobs—an all-time high—under com- April’s the best guess. " men 21 to 35, the old list will be , , .1’ ’ mission sciutiny. Woikors in non- nsod; if it wants men below 21 Or I p. m. .Also read the notices con- , u i i • , Graduates iNceded war agencies iiuisl be iunnclod into . , . , above 35, the now list will be used, cerning rocoinniciidation.s. at-war agencies. Coiiiitloss new H s open season indcliiiitcly on ■ woikcrs nnisl he found and dove- ^‘-oiois and giaduatc.s in choinistiy, latest advice to coUegiaas mi A I tailed into the g'ovi'rninent ai my. physic.s and cngiiioeiing. So hoi is Selective Service is still. Parks Asks Groups l.otemiul .loUs ' “stick to your coUege work until T “T ■! A I j. Tins means thousands of poten- in these fields—inobably for ' B-iti'mtic teryor has To Take Advantage tial jobs for coHego people, whose cUnation. Simply show oil your "‘b* of voluttsnccializcd trainiim is cae-cilv i i . m i m , i teers will only serve to complicate ^ • fwg .spLLitui/Ad Liamm^ is (.<i^ciiy bliinks thaL you have , Of Puttenna 5hODS onon tho u^ovomment is ,(i,pHsito liaininn. In'tho case _ ^ ^ sLeiipmg ill, througli civil .service, ^iK-cessful candidates wlio aie m*-' in loi caiceis, with or In line with the Umvei.sity’s ciir- to give college people on-the-jol. mmuoi s, ■ provisional appointments” non . , ' n 1 . Ii-imme--“nviiors” in lines wliei-e n i i i • , i"''*-’ ultimate IS 9,000,000 mOte Vent program ol econoniv m all IniL iiaiiiing m.i.iois in iims wniu |„, |,,;ele Wliicii means loli.s, , lln.v nl,. lie,.fie,I inosl ■ , , . WOllieil WOl IceVS. tlu' mosi vdal acLivilies, Boll "'LV au iRcfltd nio.si. come spi mg and guidnal ion. High School Bovs Poll's ,Pie,-1,11 el' (lie Piifiei-ini. cxaiiiple is till' iccciit movi‘ \'(Hi’ll he c!ass(.(l as a “juiiioi ino- , talks, (hiectoi ol the lutteiing , , ,,, , ) )'c National Education AssOCi- ... ,1 1, 11 • ia enlist college women lor mens les.sional assistant witli st.uling ,• i i . i i- • Shop.s urges tliat all organizations . -'i n . i , •, • , eee ,,i , ation s odueational policies commis- , , , , , woik. ’ As lalioratoiy aulc.s ill aimy pay $2,000 a year, idtliougli many ■j. on the ciimpiiH take advantage ol i .i ■ . , . ,, , , (PresuleiiL Couaut ot Harvttrd ‘ , , , arsenaL, they inspect gauges used agencies will tiy to gel you Ioi less i (he I’nttei mg Shops when planning ■ , , , , ,, , . s. . is a member) is recommending a , , , 11 11 testing ordiKiiice maleiials. Co- . . . unless you say on your blank , , , o i .• o • loi posters, Lallcys, programs, bill- , , , i ■ i i , , , , , , . , ‘ 1"'"' Li aiitiLqiato Selective Seiwice , ‘ cds who wish such ,|obs should have tli.iL you won’t take less. . . lelins, monogi aiiimed stationeiy, , , , , ,• n i , i . liy two lo tliiee years—catch prom-* , 11 1- 1 least two years ol college work, Others ol Unde Samuels Livm- , .i i , pliKiiies, emlilems, lavors, dance and . , i • , , . ising boys as tliev leave high school, ,1 , includuig some physics, clicniisLry itc nepliews and nieces aie econo- ,, ■ , i, f other decorations. , , mu i • i . L. ,i .• , . tlicni into fields where they . .. and trigonomoLry. Ihc goal ol civil mists. Ciiricntly tavoicil arc those n i •• , • .u / l’l•olesslonal Yppearaiicc . . . .‘ ,i I"-’ ‘>1 '>mst use in the war Of- ,, , , , ,1 , . • seivice IS 100 gills a month lor the with at least two yeais ot grai uate ,■ . v could save money, keep a profes- ' SucccssU.l ap category” of most sional apiicarance in their project, Y- ‘ p leation 111 oug 1 iivi seivice may through 19 and gain an individuality by dele- J^iving Quarters ' bnng a Jol> paying lion, $2,600 to ^^^,^44 4^. -uioeated to-schools and gating tlicir mcmlicrs lo make the Although about 87 per cent of *' colleges for training-. The “reserved aforementioned ai tides in the government jobs are “in the field,” Ji'Hc Dralt cate.gory” would be picked “abSQr Shops. as Wa.shingloiiians blithely dismiss It is unlikely, according to 'lia- lately iriespective” of financial No fees are charged for tho use the United States, some arc local- tional Selective Service headquar- status of their parents, with Htiels of the Puttering Shops and most ed hero in the capital. Don’t take ters, that any student in tho 20- Sam financing- the advanced matci ials arc free. Professional in- too seriously what you read and year-old draft age group will he cation, struction is free and all possible aid hear of crowded and costly living called up before June. The lottery GUinior will he given to workers. conditions here. A salary of $2,000 isn’t until March. New diaft ri'gis- Jane Seaver, 22, an acquaintiinc# Organizations interested in this heio i.s equal, roughly, to one of tiaiits won’t he completely class!- of Mrs. RoosevelJ;, has the title proposal should send a representa- $1,800 in a city of comparable size, tied until sometime in May. “co-director of youth activities” til live to the Shops located in tho sub- Living quarters are crowded to be General Hershey’s office has OCD. She’s listed on the payroll at basement of the Union to discuss sure, but turn-over of tenants is cleared up tho confusion on how $2,600. A year ago she was a Moqtlt their ])lans with Bob Parks. ^ high. Which means you’ll always new lists will he integrated with Holyoke college senior.Purdue Exponent
; ^ , Thursday, Mdreh iS'j Iiiftiiwiniriliiiiiiliiiii^ lii'iiiiiiiMiiiiiiiii I III! I " mn liiijMiii-iiii
Forgotten
i^dbiibly a lol of Purdue traditions are go-
Persoliiiiti 'flotii
iMtd
lag to be shelved “for the duration.” Probably a lot of them will be modified and preserved in skeleton form until the nation drops back to cruising speed. Unimportant though they may seem, these little eccentricities form ah iiitegral part of the makeup of the University. The little customs, activities and memories that are carried on fi’om year to year, are in many cases the things that provide a large part of the atmosphere of a college. They are things that alumni often remember far longer than such creditable and unimpeachablie' statements as E equals IR. ; Ih rfec'ehit years there has been a tenclency toward'forgetting some University traditions, and, a still less desirable occurence, toward pei^etUatiing some of them in a half-hearted manner, without anyone knowing their' origin- Or' the real reasons for their inception. gjPrithe example number i of the latter circumstance was presented at a public perf ormanee' Wednesday night by members of the .class of ’45. Although perhaps one of the less outstanding annual events in Piu’due tradition, “Pot Burning,” if it has any place at all in the University activity, deserves to be conducted as “Pot Burning” by a class that
knows what the fight is all about. At Wednesday night’s classic, fully half of the milling mob were still uncertain, even after it was over, that it was any more than a good fight. Conducted in the manner characteristic of such events of late, the maneuvers of the evening apparently were started by a few groups who managed to incite a slightly larger mass of confused freshmen into joining them in an equally confused observation of a University tradtion ordinarily scheduled for a full month later. When the noise died down and the milling throng returned home ,a relatively small portion of the class had actually burned their pots and the rest of the frosh tossed theirs in-' a .convenient corner, marking the end of a definitely anti-climatic celebration. In the past—-and perhaps some of them per-sist---the University has fostered sotne admittedly undesirable traditions. But undoubtedly there exist parts of Purdue tradition and lore that are worth preserving, and worth preserving right. There is no excuse for endangering a large part ot that*which' goes to make up that nebulous stuflP^“school_ spirit”—by half maintaining, half ignoring'-afid permitting misdirected observation of University
traditions, r.l.h.
ftOME-
-TOKYO-
-6ERLIN
Jhs, (hciA.
Nnaad-
-OAMOl-
-awoa
your—spai'G tire. Nevertheless it is too late to ^top and investigate—the bus has just reached the crest of a hill and you have started down it with the velocity .so much gTcater than the initial velocity that the ratio looks like the Purdue ratio next summer.
Last'weekend we went home (to see our folks and to get,a date for next summer with the daughter of our draft board chairman) and on the way back we solved the army’s problem of transportation. If the enemy invades from the East we can put all seven million (this is in 1943 using Roosevelt’s figures) of our soldiers in 7,000 buses. The way these bus drivers pack a bus you’d think they used to work for the local theaters on Saturday night.
When the bus has finished the first mile or so of its journey, the smell of the exhaust gives you a chance to rest your most unused G. I.—government issue ,gas mask. If the mask doesn’t help the smell of the CO, just open a window near—bo careful doing this last command-, some of the tanks may fall out.
Using the government’s motto on defense committeeB—“there’s always room for one more”—we can uSe the buses and outdo the French 40 & 8 boxcars by 400 & 80—we don’t need the horses for riding any longer, but if the food gets much woi’se^—there will be a big demand for these nags. Nibble a nag for nourishment.
Upon arriving at your destination, have the driver drive in the midst of the enemy and open all the doors --and if the Germans think the Dneiper Dam in Russia held back a lot of pressure, they don’t know what the doors of the modern American bus can withstand. r.t.e.
After everyone is seated—-on everyone clse^—the bus moves forward with a lurch which makes you think the enemy’s big gun has scored a direct hit on
If'any - Benior is- interested inv ; interview with any of the fblldwinfe companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for .interview” Cards, a supply of which is in. yoiir school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when to schedule An' interview; E. I; duPont de Neffldurs & Crti, Wilmington, Del. — All ME’s (Industrial), EE’s, and CE’s who' are interested' im ah' interview witli the d'llPbnt GorrtpattSf, come te the Personnel Office immediately and schedule a time. A company representative wiU visit the campus on March 9 atid 10: ; j Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Navy Yard, Washington, D'. G.—All ME’s, EE’s, and Science interested in the opportunities this laboratory offers,, as described' on- the Personnel Interview Notice iw yrtur’ school, please sign up in the Personnel Office, immediately. Navy Department, Bureau of Ships, Washington, D. C.—All engineers, particularly women. Seouye an application blank from the Per.sonnel Office before March 10. Corn Products Refining Company, Argo, 111.—March 13..EspeciaHy interested in M.E.’s. Schedule an-in-terview in Personnel Office before March 10. Westinghou.se Air Brake Co., WilmCrding, Pa.—Mai'ch 13;' M.E. sign up in Personnel Office. ' Wagner Electric Corp., St. Louis, Mo.—Coming soon. M.E.-and E.E. Sign up in Personnel Office. Duquesne Light Co., Pittsbui'gh, Pa.—Coming soon. M.E. and E.E. Sign up in the Personnel Office. Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., Actuarial. Division, New York, N. Y.—■ Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a major in mathematics. Anyone intere.sted, please sign in Personnel Office. E. I. duPont DeNemours & Co., Wilmington, Del.—March 9 and 10. ME, GE, EE. Come to Personnel Office immediately and sign for interview. West Bend Aluminum Company, West Bend; Wis-.—March 11. ME and EE. Come to Personnel Office immediately and sign for iiVtcrvieW.
Tlhitil^sclay/ March 5
lOiOO A.M.---Better Hotfies Cohfoi'feftub
,3:00 P.M.— 3:00' P.M';-"'-4:00 P.M.— .4:00 P.M.—
Screen Review Lay 'CpmmibteU' Muefeing ....... Recreation Exhibits (joniMfiiltee for Becrehtion Exhibits
:8'Oth'.Faculty Lges., .Hail of Music I Room’ 304v Union' . Rooms 232-236, Union
On MaritnrMinmi
6:30 P.M,6:30 P.Ms-
6:45 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P:M.7:30 P.M.7:30. P.M.-
-Better Homos Banquet Committee Recreation Banqtitet .........,....i....i.i..;.v....... -Winter Course Society -Christian Student Fellowship -P: L ArUborus ■-Graduate Hlfimes -Playshop .; .: '-Agr. Bcbnom-ins- Student Staff Meeting
E. & W. fteCept'ion Bms, ; Union ' -North Ballroom, Union
-South Ballroom, Union .Assembly Bin., Ag. Hall .Room 307, Union ■Tower, Union--lUiom'268i Union -Eliza Fowler Hall
..Room 118, Hort. Bldg.
State Director Eaim lfeflaseHienl Sfafi
Witt Address
WPA Banquet
On Future Farming
Reereatipit Mpn To Meet Tonight
Student Senate Holds
-Go-Round..
(Continued from page 1) by storing rubber, could keep it permanently. Note: In addition to drawing 26 per cent more rubber last year, the Big Four also got 90,000 tons of rubber out of the 145,000 tons imiporled since Pearl Harbor. iThe Truman Committee wants to ascertain whether this went strictly for war orders. 'If The [apanese Take Ceylon' When Leon Henderson and Bill Batt of the War Production Board came before the Truman Commit- • tee recently they gave estimates of all the rubber, they expected to scrape together from different parts of the world until such time a.s Jesse Jones’ slow-moving synthetic rubber program Could swing into action.
Included in these estimates were 1-00,000' tons of rubber from' Ceylon. “Wha-t!” exclaimed Senator ; J^ewster of Maine who has been .' Ae chief senatorial . crusader on . Pie rubber shortage. “Do you still 'csarry that on your book.s?” ; Haven’t you read the morning .papers?” .'■''Hbiling down all the rubbei' testimony, the 'Truman Committee found that if the Japanese take Ceykkly as they ai'e expected' to do, the Ui S. A. will be 506,000 tons of rubber short in 1943 for militaiy purpdees. And this does not allow a ton of rubber for civilian u.se. St) does not even allow rubber for ttie tires of defense workers, some whom will be living in hew defense housing projects built ten ^iies from factories “because the air is better.”
Jesse Joined' Synfhefic Also the Truman Committee finds there is grave doubt regarding the accuracy of Jesse Jones’ estimates on synthetic rubber. Real fact is that Jesse has given three different sets of figures. At first he grandiloquently announced he would have 400,000 tons of rubber “production” by June 1943. Then appearing privately before the Truman Committee, lie was much more modest and merely promised 400,000 tons by December, 1943—-six months later. Then a few days afterward, he reduced his estimate once again-, telling the House Appropriations Committee he would' have 500,000 tons of “productive capacity” by Jan. 1, 1944. “Productive capacity” is a lot different from “production.” Productive capacity, merely means that the miachines are ready to start operating. Thus we face a gap during the year 1943 with virtually no rubber added to the stockpile except what we can get from- the wild rubber forests Of Brazil. This may be all right for the civilian population which already is forming “Jesse Jones Walking Clubs,” but for the war machine it is another story. What The Doefor Ordered The other day Harry Hopkins had a visitor in the person of Aubrey Williams, head of the National Youth Administration, who has been one of his closest friends for many year.s. “Harry,” said Williams, looking around the room in the Naval Hospital, “how many bottles of ‘medicine have you got there?” “About eighteen,” replied the lond-k'ase administrator. “About eighteen loo many,” commented the National Youth
Administrator. “And how many doctors have you got?” Hopkins told him. “Well, Harry, what’s the use Of your fooling around with all these doctors and all this medicine,” said his friend. “You know that the more doctors you have the more this whole thing gets on your nerves. Now there’s only oiie doctor who really knew what ailed you, and that’s Andy Rivers out at Mayo’s in Rochester. Why don’t you have Dr. Rivers come east and get you fixed up?” Harry Hopkins acted on his old friend’s advice, .sent for Dr. Rivers, and now is out of the hospital. He says he has forgotten about medicine and doctors, and feels better than he has in months. Furthermore, Dr. Rivei's has told him that without any question he can recover entirely. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Call-Out For Freshmen
Student Senate, student governing body, announces a callout for freshman workers to be held tomori'ow at 4 in the senate office. According to Dave Frost, junior executive, the senate is in urgent need of freshriien workers to help put out the new Freshman Handbookwhich is to be entirely different from those in previous years. Freshmen are needed for work on the editorial staff, and the jobs will consist of writing, editing and typing.
Mark McCloskey, director of recreation of the Office of Defense, Health and Welfare Service at Washiiigtori, will address a banquet session for WPA recreation committeemen tonight in the south'ballr room of the Union at 6:30.- Approximately 400 committeemen, representing 55 counties of the state, are expected to attend the banquet. Elliott Is M.C. President E. C. Elliott will preside over the evening program, and the University Men’s Glee Club, together with the Indianapolis WPA male quartet will sing.Before the banquet there will be a two-hour program which will include inspection of the recreational facilities of the campus> and'various special displays Which will-be set Op in the' Union. The special exhibits will include various types of games for Use in rural and urban communities, a puppet show staged' by the Tei're Haute WPA, craftsWork; and motion pictures on recreation. There will also be a concert by the Indianapolis WPA orche.stra.
Agricultural students .who are irtiterested in rural economics and general agrleultnre are invited to attend' the farm' management student staff party> tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the assembly room of the Horticulture building. Panel Discus.siotl
A panel discussion, “Farming after the War,” Will be tile highlight of the evening’s program. The discussion group, led by Gone Byer, is composed of the following Rural Economics students: Dale Blitz, Tern McConaha, Wayne O.sborne, Bnb Sivaih,- Charles Duesler and Jim Bray. Following a short period of discussion among the above men, questions will,be asked from the flboh
“Marriage aS' a- : was diseusse*'tWesday night first of. a series given for senior and juiiipr and sponsored by the AWS. ,, , Dr. Marie Wessells, A?@Pact|6m^ physician from jChieagb) . jig: cal Director of the EVa'rtStpn;,Birtl|', Cbhtreli de^a®tmeiltsi.bf Medibi.tte hnd'Gynei c6logy'’6f ‘ the Uh#’ei'sity: bf’ illitibift College'of Medittinei-. ^' .7 ivjlUr-riitge^ “With better understanding be*' tween men afid Wommii theHJe'Mtoiild be fewer maldd^de'tg.d . said Dr. Wessfell^ Sbe alsd; wj^at she- considered, the essCntiaW of a haiipjii marriagei Rioth husbanS and wjfe shbtil.ii be cmbtionally a^ metttallV mature should lia^; a sense of self, valuie or . estee^t, There should be a well defined'seigsfi of social and financial feSponsibilV ity and a knowledge of the aH .pf love and contraceptipn. Well Adjusted. Couples, . . • Dr. Wessells went on to say tfiat two' individually Well' adjusted' people are pretty sUVe .to hayO‘'n; sue-’ cessful marriage. Following .the lecture , q uestiOn s. were .ansWB.ted. . The second in: the series. Will.be held next Monday, ■March ,,9 ig tiie We.st Faculty Lounge .and' JOi; Lrancb Hannett from the Unjyefsity of Cincinnati \Vill' ta)k pri piness in Marriage.” , "
Other part.s of the program Will include refreshments and entertainment. Tickets for the affair still may be obtained from farni management students and instructors fOr ten cents each.
FINE BAR GmL Parfies — Our Speicalty 200' Columbia
-TdOAV - SATORfttA^ DOUBLE EEATURI
KNOCK OUT — with — ARTHUR KEWNBUY OLYMPE ffRAONi
PLUS
DOUBLECROSS ---with KANE fflCHMONU PAULINE MOOftE
H. F. Judkins Tells Dairy Men Of Industrial Roles
H. F. Judkins, president of the American Dairy Science Association and vice president of the Sealtest Corporation^ spoke before the dairy students Tue.sday afternoon. He talked' on “The Role of the College Graduate in the Dairy Industry.” A luncheon was held in honor of Judkins at noon yesterday.
M. E. MORPHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Philip D. Johnson
... technical advisor of the Radium Chemical Company, Chicago, discussed “Industrial Radiography With Radium as a Source” last night in the new Physie.s building. The illustrated, lecture concerned the process of using radium to detect flaws in metal ca.sting, thus making it possible to examine the internal sti'uetui’e of. thick metal sections.
GOOD PRINTING
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money
Kane's Print Shop
401 S. 29th St.
AMERICA'S MOST LOVABLE/LAUGHABLE FAMILY IN THEIR FUNNIEST HIT!
Eqs/ to
■this Arthur Murray to Daintiness!
8s30 clot* or S':30 dote, guard.: c your sweetness aad chami; the'.i: * way Arthur- Murray‘dancers-: do—'with Odorono' Groam.-i),''' N o n - g r e a syi i-tty* gentle, no trouble to use— Odorono Cream ends perspiTa- // tion annoyance for 1 to 3 days! l Follow this easy - Arthurl,/'Murray step to daintihess— v- “ ‘ get Odorono Cream today! 10/ 39/ 59:1 sizes (plus tax).'/ - The'OdOrono CO i ItStC. New York
(yuMUusL
All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act of October 3, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year '.'and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub■T scriptions, $4.00. .
Editor-in-Chief.. Ntwn Editor HporUi Editor. ..
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. 'fraugott Phil Johnson
Business Manager ^tpnaKine Editor Coed Editor ....
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadli-y, F. 1. Jones, E, G. Kii per, Snorts Staff: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Samsdell.
Business Staff Coed nuHlnesB Manager; Donna Sioaa; Office Managert Lee Bossong. I,oeal Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, E. E. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. 'f. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, France* Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College, Publishers Hepreaentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
jBoa^ inltle
Day Editer: Slone
Sports Editor: Kurpick Issue Editor: Guernsey
%
ail
^ I'^■^1
i i ^ '^y , J Y ^ ,4i / y> ^,
«k
'WBl
ilMtanilaf^
Cwcn,
)i<
Staff At FKuse
h^d
U‘. .-'- f ' ^|L
Eighty' (ihndidhtes were on hal to ifeteet co««h‘,' Elmfai‘’ %Utl)lihJrt,''feti^MBiji't^ ih the iitst ]|neetihg of the jl^^^fioilermaker footbhll teafttt.jjfc primatily a actiuaintMill h'SElhiing, so that the candidates it^g^i^i>have Sfi opportunity 0$ Iflhrhidiacjas^ vKhatf new' hedd andit|ig'4^fl! 'hdve in Kiftid for the eeniiflg' diemijalgn. Ati^ctidy Will With Team '* Athletic DireetdJP Bdd iltfddkey did all the memhers of thtfrefetf st^ke a few Wordk to the ■ assem-'' bl^' tddyers. AU' indieatiom of the tdm' spirit l^as tSld entHUfeiasm with yrtiteh alhthese^talka were re-cei>^S-"Eedv IRtadfeey esiipi'efeKiSd a desjre to he able *» work-vidth the teatiftu OB the practiph held! in' spite of His ftrih tihie job! dO athlotie di-
rectbA -‘1
(!)baoh Jtornham'stressed the imtportahOS^ iBiental Sttitudeii He stated, “We have $,<■ tough schedule facing us, frojife the opoping g^e. against Po^dhatn to the final' game of the sea'8oft''hgaifl8t’|hdiaBa,-but we'Will be in. thei*e to 1 win every gamew WoiWalBt ohly the hoys that reoll^ 'ftfant to play football out je#'this sedsbh.?^ Jli' 'Ghattgos changes in the system are*'Oirtl^lfiplated at present, but the type of attack will largely depbrtd ort the material available. Tedfn speed will bo the major con-
sideration.
Practice will start Monday with all iieu repo'rting for the first regular workout. Uniforms will be is^Ud to "■all candidates who want _\The test of this week the hackfield candidates will tinlie to box so that they may Srove their footwork, and the nO^dh. will wrestle to build up TOib'“drms and to take off some of [the excess weight that has accum-^ jlated throughout the winter lay-
off.
r ervice Game Likely In addition to the games already fficheduled, there is a possibility that SI game with some service team may |be added for the open date on No(vember 7. I 8Che.dule for next season is las folltfbi%l Sbptember 26 Fordham, MltdreH October 3 Vanderbilt !(therc)i; October 10 Northwestern (there)*;October 17, Ohio State (thcrc)('*‘ October 24 Wisconsin (here); October 31 Iowa (there); November '7, open; November 14, Michigan State (there); November 21, (here),
■j ."I
Aquatics Meet At
Take AnCttii
Chicago,
M % 1942
-■■
Page 3
Ring St^lldps Foe
Streak
Joe Bettna’s Boilermaker boxers scored a 5-2 verdict over the Valparaiso squad for their Second victory 'Within the week. The score was the same as last Saturday whei^ they took the St. Joe’s team into camp. ' These two consecutive victories indicate that the Riveters are gettiBg’ipto their biettffy stride after Bi slew start.. The team lost its first twe'bouts, anid their record now stands’ at two wins and two losses. Fine Record" w Three of tthe bouts did not go the full’ distance. Captain Gus Boughan of the Riveter team had the only knockout when he put George Nicholson of Valparaiso to* sleep in the second rounds Gus has looked impressive in alk his bouts this season, and is piling up a very fine winning record. The other two bouts that were short of the full route were stopped as the result of technical knockouts. "Dec” Savage, the Boilermaker 165 pounder, won his second consecutive bout by a TKO when his opponent, Barnie Askins, was unable to answer the bell for the third round. The third abbreviated encounter went to Claik Wagner of Valparaiso by a TKO when a nose injury made it impossible for Don McMillen to continue. ^ Next on the program for the Boilermaker leather pushers is a return match with St, Joe’s. TKe squad will probably be reinforced by the return of Don Elfin to the ring wars. Don has been out with a bad hand, but he hopes to be ready for the next match.
Buckeyes Favored To Win Conference Indoor Track Title
Chicago, Illinois, March 4,—Last nrght Ihe BSrwfeirttVftk'er swimming squad added another victory to- th« ireejf oi their ledger when they topped the aquatics froiW tile .sity of Chicago 45 to .‘19 in a very closely contested frteet I# tfte
Chicago pool.
No records were even neared in this particular sWimfesib and a majority of the times were startlingly slew. The ermakers took only four firsts of the total of nine evettts,
the reiftibtirsettient fey St ly percentage of Seconds afed
Forward
1^ ffig Ten Boys Hofd Confab Today Today, tomorrow, and Saturday the faculty representatives, governing body of the conference, of all Big Ten schools will meet in what is probably the most important meeting in the history of the league. Important waitime policies must be decided upon at this meeting—-pol-icies to insure fair conditions tO all members despite their adjustments to War seheduleS, policiot to detewnine eligibility, policies to'give the maximum athletic opportunities to the largest number of students, policies which Will determine whether the Western Conference will function during and after the war. In addition, there may still be another reason why this meeting will be an important one. There is a slight possibility that Chicago will quit trying to kid themsclVes that they still boast an athletic program, and stop being an anchor to the nation’s best confei'Cnce by resigning. In this point we join With many thousands who fervently hope and pray that the Maroons will admit they are dead, athletically speaking.
The Univei'sity of Chicago will play host to one of the mid-west’s biggest sporting spectacles this coming Fiiday and Saturday when over 160 athletes arrive in the Windy City to compete in the 32nd artnual Big ’Ten Indoor Track Championships. Fifteen Make Trip Fifteen men, representing the best of the Boilermaker trackmen, will leave the campus on Fiiday morning to make the tiip to Chicago. Although no more time trials will be held befoie Fiiday the final list of men to make the trip has not yet been completed, mainly because a great deal depends upon how each man happens to feel the morning of the meet.*
thirds gave the Riveter^ needed majofity of p<5!fff# tfe
cinch a Win,
A aUltimniy of the bouts followh; 120 POUND CLASS Bowes (P) defeated Art Shurer (V) decision 127 POUND CLASS McKenna (V) defeated Kautsky (P) decision. 135 POUND CLASS KreestC (P) ddfeated Ca#cy (V) decision. 146 POUND CLASS Atz (P) defeated Carlos (V) decision. 155 POUND CLASS Boushan (P) defeated Nichplson (V) KO 2iid round 165 POUND CLASS Savage (P) dcfe.atod Askins (V) TKO 3rd round. 17S BOUND CLASS Runchey (V) deXcatcii Nioholas (P) decision. HEAVYWEIGHT Wagner (V) defeated McMlilbit (P) TKO Srd rotihU.
NO SHORTAGE
^ Maekey Ahd £stey Represent F^urdue Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the Department of History, Economics, and Goveinment, is Puidue’s faculty representative, and a more interested and capablfe representative could not be found. He has been carefully studying the present situation as it concerns Purdue, and, you can be sure, will seek to make the offerings of the conclave as beneficial toward the University as possible. Red Mackey, new athletic director, will attend his first athletic directoil’s meeting in an official capacity today. ^ Freshman Eligibilify Rule Hdtfesf Issue Probably the strongest issue to be discussed will be the question of fieshmen eligibility. The present two semester lesidence rule has been in effect since 1906. Several of the schools are strong for the killing of this rule, while more others are as strongly against it. A compromise plan making one semester residence the rule most likely will be the result. Under a rule such as this, a football player cnteimg school in May would be eligible to play in Septembei. If this rule passes, it is also vely likely that scholarship will be cheeked at two week intervals during the season to deteimine eligibility. ► Service Teams Will Probably Be Played In all probabilities, the ^ight game-per-year ruling will be loosened to allow a ninth game with service teams. One bundled and fifty pound football will also bq considered. ^ Will Freshmen Be Allowed Open Compefition In case the freshmen lule is not changed, there will be stiong agitation to allow freshmen teams to meet their like squads The Big Ten is the only like conference which f01 bids this at present. - They're A Very Conservative Body At any rate, the representatives have always been a veiy conseivative body, and we doubt if even the present situation will jar them fiom this leticencc to make any very ladical departures fiom the standards of today.
of
VITAMINS
The Delicious Foods Served at the Cafeteria
GIVE JEWELRY
No matter for whom or what the occasion, jewelry is always a suitable gift.
Stf ong Relay Squad Olid thing is certain, however, and that is the Riveter relay team. Composed of Archer, Bancker, Ainold, and Captain Burt Anthony, running in that order,* the team has turned in the third best time lecoicTed by any conference team this season. Of the four men mentioned above, all but Bancker will enter the quai - ter-mile event, with Anthony ranked as one of the three best men in that event in the conference by virtue of his :50.4 maik turned in this season. Bancker, on the other hand, will enter the 60 yard dash event. Hurdlters Look Good In the last time trials to be held this week, on Tuesday, Bob Keim, vetei’an dash man, John Conant, and Clarence Kron, both huvdleis, showed up to an advantage and aie exppeted to shoulder a major share of the job of garnering* Boilermaker points. Favored by spoits experts to win their first confeioirce track title is the well-balanced squad of ' Ohio State University, whose brilliant hurdlei, Bob Wiight, has paced the Buckeyes to the most outstanding season they have had in yeais. Have Top Record If relative perfoimances can be taken as a token of comparison then the Buckeyes should confirm the experts opinion of them, for the Ohio boys have garnered 15 places among the five best perfoimances of the Big Ten indoor season in each event.
. .. Johnny Conrad is another one of the seniors who will play their final contest for the gold and black Saturday. This has been John’s best season of his career. Against the Hawkeyes he flipped in shots that seemed unbelievable, while playing a flawless floor game.
IM Schedules
ALL CAMPUS SQUASH Today 4:00 p m. C. Gifford vs. M. L. Clevett. B. Knowles vs. F Beck. R D. Mai tin vs. Bond. 4 30 p m. Adams vs J W Mathis M Boinestein vs. F C. Hess J E. Fant Vs. S. Mathews.
^ddsLiu
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since 1884
Two 1 ecoi d-breaking* pei foi mances by Wright in setting new marks in, both the hurdle events, and anothei top mark in the high jump set by George Hoeflinger' would give the Buckeyes 45 points
on foim perfoimances alone, \\itb suppoit, enough to win the meet Michigan A Question Mark Michigan, seeking to regain the title it gave up last ycai to Indiana, has top individual peifoimeis foi the season in Bob Ufei, auai-ter-inilei,and Dave Matthews, halfnnler, and als'o its lelay team This, howevoi, amounts only to 36 points on foim peiformances, a mark rrhich a sophonioie studded Illinois team can easily match. It IS expected that conference records will fall in at least thice events* the huidles, with Wiight edging out Dou Ilsen of Illinois; the bioad jump, m which event five men have alieady sui passed the maik of 22 feet, 7% inches set last yea); and also the pole vault, a maik which will be in danger* if Jack DeField of Minnesota and Bill Williams of Wisconsin aie m top foim. 1 w.d
Closely Contested The contest Was very closely edlitested and at no time was the separated by more than si* points; just preceding the final event tite meet score stood at 37 to 36 in favor of the Boilermakers, the meet depending entirely upon the outcome of the 400 yard relay, which scoftw eight points to the victor, fopr points to the squad arriving The Boilermakers won this last event by the width of a smalt gnat's eyebiow to give them the Isy the none too substantial seote of 45 to 39. Dead Heat Although no particular outstanding perfformanee was delivered in the meet, Anderson and Anefcer’s dead heat m the ISC' yard backstroke for eight points meant cofisiderable to the victors, and the dhfirtg exhibition by Johnny Joungbt and Herm Bauer who garnered first and third place respectively Was a credit to Coach Papenguth's team. To match the hearbreaker Chicago was dealt by the fingertip loSs in the 400 yard relay, the Boilermakers lost a “hankie prodacef" in the 100 freestyle when. Captain Dick Kratzer was beaten by the same fingertip by Baugher swimming the sprint almost two seconds slower than the Boilermaker captain has been able to do in former meets this season, 55 seconds flat. And again when Vern Hansel Was beaten out in the same sort of a finish in the 440 freestyle swim. A suAimovy of the Winners and their times is as follows: 300 yard medley relay—^Purdue, fiist. Time 3:08 220 yaid freestyle—Baugher (C>, Hansel (P), Kreuck (P). Time 2*21.8. 60 yaid fieestyle—Heincfen (C>, Bianner (P), Leach (C). Time
30.
Fancy diving — Jaungst (P>f Crosby (C), Bauer (P). Points 109,
36.
100 yard freestyle—Baugher (C)., Kratzer (P), Heiuchert (C). Time 55. ^ 150 yard backsti’oke—Anderson, Anchor (tie) (P), Jordan (C). Time 1:48.8. : . 200 yard breaststroke — BetH^ (C), Williamson (P), Simmler (C). Time 2:29.9. 440 yard freestyle — Richardson (C), Hansel (P), Erikson (P). Time 5 15.9. 400 yard relay—PurdDe. 1*1810 3:41. This conference win over the Maroons gives the Boilermakers "d .667 record in confefence comp^tii* tion so far this season, Winnifk^ from Indiaha, Illinois, GMca^ twice and losing to Ohio State Atid Michigan.
jki.it..
Are Full of Vitamins
Our competent dieticians and cooks are making an all out effort to serve you foods full of those food values necessary to keep you in the top of condition. KEEP t'lT
ONLY TWO DAYS LEFT •or -.Aw. • S^Vi: MONEY NOW!
Here’s wha^ I^alf-B|Uck you save will buy.
EAT at the CAFETERIA
10 Cokes—Slightly anemic lately. 2 Reams Liberty Paper—^Formerly yellow peril. 1 Movie—^Tax included. 1 bus fare and 1 stick gum.
Five Beers.
2 1-2 gallons gas—if you don't hove a car, borrow your roommate's.
Defense Stamps.
JhsL fiWvduJL
PRICE GOES UP MARCH 6TH
1Qil9 nFRRIQ ^ 9 41£ Ei 0 A M
The Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
SENIORS'-You can buy your Debris pictures at the Debris Business Office for Vi the price we paid for them.-f( J,'*
It i V
Pursue Exponent
' i’ i > f
! ' t'
'' r 'V '' ' f.' 'i
Tliursday, M^rcK i, f94§
>5 t f I'l
k‘
i U
Health Service Letters to Editor
Mixed Recreation.
jVf
Daily Report
^Student health stivice lepoi-ts Ch<H'lotto Has<^, Home Ec '44, adulitted to St Elizabeth Hc^pital on I'eesdny, Mar 3. foi surgeiy Di<^dhar^cd fi>om St Elizabeth Tuesday were E M Katzenbeig:, ME '42;^H. P. Leventhal, ME '44; and C.'R Shepherd, senioi in Agiieultttre. Released from WRH infiimaiy on Wednesday was .loan Biachnian, lioiTie Ec '44
Science Student's
All Science juniors and seniors should fill out their personnel cards either todaj or tomorrow in the conference room of the Executive building. W. E Vog;ler, Director of Personnel
Scholastic Index
(Continued fiom page 1)
Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tau Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Chi Sigma Nu Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Pi Tau Epsilon Phi Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Chi Theta Tau j Theta Xi Tiiangle
3 56 3 78 3 84 3 89 3 70 4 07 3 93 3 85 3.90 3 72 4 20 3 83 3 87 3 13 3 70 4 16 3 70 4 51
Deal Editoi Expi cssing opinions about a Pin - due audience may bo a dangeioiis thing but I feel that some complaint must be legisteied ovei the stupid icactions gi anted the actois in last night’s peifoimanco of “Beyond The Hoiizon” Foi a gioup of people who aie supposedly in the highei intelligence biackets and ot a consequence supposei’ly able to undei stand and appieciato human emotions to act oi leact points out a pitiable lack of compiehension and what is an even gieatei sin, bad taste To be undei standing is one thing but to be impolite is an even gieatei unfoigivable erioi It might be well to point out that at the last diess leheaisal ot the show' an audience of about one himdied high school students attended and found the play absoibing This play being one that is read both in high school and college, the comjiaiison between the two audiences does not speak too well foi the cultipal level of the Pin due audience Feeling this leaction vciy keenly I felt I must icgistei the complaint immediately I am wilting this in the heat oi the ten minutes following the last cuitain so peihaps I am speaking liom the bottom of my heait Ann Pieice, Sei '12
. will be held tomoiiow at 8 15 p m 111 the Women’s Gymnasium. This week’s enteitamment will featme an exhibit of folk dancing given by the American Country Dance Gioup oi Jeffeison High School, with Lucille Andeison as diiectoi and Claience Bodle as callei foi the peifoimance Public dancing will begin at 8 15
Vickery To Address Agriculturai Society
Soyhomore Aero’s All applications for B S Aero Engr, degree must be on file in room 210 MC buildinir, not later than March IB in order to bo considered t —WOOD
Tonight At7;30P.M.
Phi Lambda Upsilon- Business meeting Dlection of pledifes Tuesday Maich 10 B 00 in room 129 of the Chem Annex All mem bcis are icqucstcd to be present „ . —MONTGOMERY
Better Homes
W T Tyiell, Ag Ed ’39, and R B Vickeiy, Ag Ed ’23, will ad,T diess the Agiicultuial Education Society at 7 30 tonight in loom 302 of the Union They will discuss the subject, “How a Vocational Ag Tcachci Conducts His Work ’’
SCA Board meetinpr Tuesday March 10 it 7 30 p m Pertinent matter will bei discussed Tull attendance lonulred —MOGAVERO
Tail Beta Pi Election of membeis Thursday March 0 at 7 10 p m in lOom 104 of Union Attendniict riquiicd —MONGER
4 11 1 18 4 21 4 03 4 17 4 08 4 01 4 21
Sororities Alpha Chi Omega Alpha Xi Delta Chi Omega Delta Gammd Kappa Alpha Theta Kgppa Kappa Gamma
Phi Mu
Pi Beta Phi
ilonorai} \nd Departmental Alpfia Lambda Delta 4 91 Alpha Phi Omega 4 33 Alpha Zeta 4 71 Catalyst 4 32 Ceies 4 66 Chi Epsilon 4 68 Delta Rho Kappa 5 21 Dolphin 1 11 Eta Kappa Nu 1 86 Iota Lambda Sigma 1 86 Iron Key 4 39 Kappa Delta Pi i 37 Moitai Boaid 1 65 Omicion Nu 5 02 Phi Lambda Upsilon 5 13 Pi Tau Sigma 1 66 Stabbaid and Blade 4 35 Sigma Delta Chi 4 53 Sigma Delta Psi 4 22 Skull and Crescent 4 04 Tai) Beta Pi 4 99 Tau Kappa Alpha 4 32 Theta Alpha Phi 3 95 Xi Sigma Pi 4 66 Men’s Residence Halls And Annexes Cal'S Hall—East 3 87 Caiy Hall—Noith 3 80 CaiyHall—Noithwcst 3 98 Cai-y Hall—West 3 90 Caiy Hall—South (Unit A) 8 84 CaiyHall—South (Unit B) 3 79 Caiy Hall—South (Unit C) 3 92 CaiyHall—South (Unit D) 3 99 CaiyHall Annex, 777 Russell 3 83 Ca^ Hall Annex, 781 Russell 3 92 Oliver Pcikins Teiiy House 3 61 Men’s House Clubs And Co-opera til e Houses Bachcloi’s llacen 4 01 Bicouac 3 62 ( haunccy House, SCA 115 Cncle Pines, SCA 4 10 Citadel 117 Club Elgin 3 86 Povci House 3 80 (iold and Black 3 92 Intel national House 5 6 i KntaJe House, SCA 3 77 Luma House, S( A 3 68 Mai wood House, S( A 3 89 Owen House, .SCA 3 81 IfujiiUc Oiilj 3 99 itoOidak House, Sf A 5.9, .Salesbuiy House, Sf A 111 State House 1 11 Htellai Hall i61 WaldioriHall 3 18 Wesk y Boys’ lloust, SC A 3 75 WestmiJistei House, SC A i 72 Wikon Hall . 1 10 Woiijen'h Residence Halls Women’s Residence Hall— Noi th 111 Women’s Residence Hal)— South 3 92 Women’s Kesidenee Hall— Wood 4 05 \Vomen’+. House* Clubs Apii Tweedak House, SC A 115 Antlgonish 3 90 Cana Manana 4 19 Ooedda 3 96 roHegiaiia 4 15 DgiKign 1 12 CypnvOood llou-i SCA 3 99 Hdtmpny Ha\( 11 5 50 Hu Puidu 4 02 Mfliiis Marioi 4 28 i^OMf 4 0 5 Movadale 18 5 OtH'i'Bc In 4 18 SHE House 3 91 (ipioJyn Shoe-makei, .SCA 105 The (iables 3 66
E litoi Puidiie Exponent “It has always been and now is the definite pokey and instiuctions ot the Red Cioss that no chaigc shall evci bo made to any seiviee man foi any Red Cioss aitiele oi seiviee which is tiiinished fiom the funds 01 supplies contiibuted to the Red Cioss It any seiviee man, foi example, has evei been asked to pay toi swcateis, oi any similai ai tides, the peison making such sale was acting wholly eontiaiy to Red Cioss policy and instiuctions It any such sale should now he made oi pioposed, the Red Cioss dcsiics eompleta inloimation eoneeining the incident and the situation will be piomptlv and vigoi ouslv toi 1 ected ’’ Nounan H Davis, National Chan man ot Rod Cio*.s
IM Schedules
VOLI HAI 1
^ 0(1 H 30 C OiiH
Atdci IN 111 iiir^lc Alpha G mini 1 Uho v Ihtli \i All h 1 Kui p 1 I 1 li t All h i Si^ Di i Phi vs Ih I i Chi
H TO Com t i 00
Aiphi i HI Onut.1 vs lau Kajij a 1 psiJ .in ii ti Sumi Psi \s rui rpsilon Ihi lU la 1 )ul i 1 1 vs Slum i Pi Dilti C 111 \s Siunia Tin 1 i sil n
Delta lad Delta \s Slunii Nu Delti Upbilon vs Siemi Clu Kuppt Dclli Uho \s Si( m i Alpha Mu K ii)p i Sii mi \s Slum i Alpha I psil )n
OO Phi Tv ipp i Psi vs Alphi Chi Uho
HASKrTHAI I^( O OP Ihurbdav Murdi 1
Wesimnisloi Vh Muwood Chauiuiv vs Wesifv Do\t» vs Roacii(lai( I uma vs Click Pines RaUiitv
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS —
400 404 Schultz Bfdg 4th and Main St Latiyetle
GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
il. I .. I) 1 iq.lr 10
New uiidcr-arni Cream Deodorant safoly Stops Perspiration
(Continued fiom page 1) Elliott, Piesulent of Puidue Univeisity and of Bettei Homes in Ameiica
15—Dcseiiption ot Piogiams
jT’o
11 If
toMFollow—Mis E C Cline, Indiana Bettci Homes Chan man, PiofessorR B Hull, Chan man of Hoiticultuie, Gaiden Club
ot Ameiica
11 30—The Ameiican Home as Headquaitcis foi National Woik—Di Lillian M Gilbieth
Tyiell, who is getting his mastei’s degree at the Umveisity this year, had two ycais teaching ex peiience at Galveston Vickciy, a teacher ot 19 yeais’ expeiicnce, is now teaching at Klondike in Tip pecanoo County <
WAA Pinit-Ponff Thud loiind of toui namtnt must b<, played og by Tuesday March 11 Hcckait va Mcinztr I austich Vh Coopci Miller vs Raderstorf —SCHUBPR
WAA Shiifflclionrd riiiid round of toui nament must be played ort by Tuesday Much 11 Bower \h Shell Scliubcr Ns Johnson —SCHOBER
YWCA Petitions for cabinet positions line in office Wednesdiv March 11 - SMITH
Notices
1 xponent Advcrtiainir Staff riiero will hi an impoitant meotintc of all freshmen in th( ollieo llnirrdiy afteinoon at 4 p m -JOHNSON
DEFEMiE BO
Special discussion gioiips will assemble in the afteinoon Those inteiested piimaiily m the piogiain offered by Bettei Homes in Ameiica may attend 1 30—Bunging Up Yoiii Home and Keeping Up Yoin Home— Ml C F. Boestei, Dnectoi ot Housing Reseaich 2 30—Fust Aid toi the Intel loi oi Your Homo—Mis C 0 Lee (foilneily head. Department ot Applied Design, School ot Home Economio.s-) Pt ofessoi Blanche Zaimg, Associate in Home Economics, Depaitment ot Agiicultuial Extension 3 30—Whats’ m Youi Medume Cabinet'—Di Bcitha Rose, Assistant Medical Advisei,Stu dent Health .Scivite
Advanced Military Applicants All thosi whose names ippoai on the list of m un bulletin boaitl in AimoiT must icporl to mam ofTicc ol Aimciy piioi to noon Sal iiiday Much ■" to <ompkte mfHujl bis toiy (pustionn inns McMAKl N
Chinese Students The monthly mectinb will be held Ftiday March h in loom 2bl ol the Union at 7 C A Coolidirt assist int D( in of Women will speak IING CHDU^
Wanted Tull time stenoprraplier and general olFiet ossistant Purdue background preferred Apply by letter Lxponent liox No 1
Distinuuisbed students Refunds are now ivailiiili at tlio eisliicis oOiec in th rxteutive Uuildinu —HOI I 1 NSRD
Tail Bela Pi Llfttion of numbei Ihursdiy M neb > it i 30 i> m AtUnd tneo i((pnicd 1 1 lec to be innouniod Uitoi
Typewriters-Addiiu Mucbinca ill nukes oI<l unUd M pilled ind puicbasid Minu 1 i-r ipb WO! k rlfmr t I Ilwisliolf (O'" Main I if IV Uc l>h( m
Student llHhcrK SttuUnt ushers ind po Iito at varsity baskttfull j units pet then montv it tin takit ofli(( in thq 1 uldboust -DOAN
Wanted Model A Fold roadster Will piv c ish Fill lO*)! asl loi Nick
ML 10 Make Up exaniH UxaminalioiiH to r(inov» r ainl I j-iadts in Ml b) will b< pivt n Situidny Maub 11 at 1 pm in i loio lOl ot lh( Ml buildinp IMe ist notify nu if ir^(rcst<d - GI'^Uil R
ARMF Ikudlim ASMl tbf >* u will 'Vl<mlulshiii- blinks
Hi
lor mfinhfiship i b( Ml lu! ly M II { b lu avail i) h in M 1 lOPlNKA
'fhose intcicsted piiniriiily iii the piogi.im oftciod by the Gai den Club ot Indiana may attend 1 30—The Seed-Testing Piogiam of the Gaiden Club ot Indiana —Mis C Huehel, Picsident, Gaiden Club of Indi ina 2 30—Realizing the Maximum Use and Eiiioyment ot the Home Gioimds—Pi ofessoi R B Hull, Associate m Hoiticul ■ tuio, Depaitment ot Agiicul tuia) Extension 5 30—Glowing Conditions (Open hoium)—Piolessoi E R Hon eywell, Associate Piotossoi ol 1 loi leulUii c, Ml V' B Waid Assislcinl in Iloitieultuio De jiutmciiL ol Agiicultuial Fx tension, Pioiessoi R B Hull . 1 SO—-loin ol the Rcscaich Plots a id Giccnhouses conducted by Pioics 01 R B Withiow Asso date 111 IIoi Licultuie, Agiicul till al Expel imcnt St ition, Pi oicssoi E R Honeywell
WAA MeinlieVH l-*< lilions foi WAAtoiin til I ( silions II list bi till n( d in tu lh WAA otlici in tiu ^ym bv liU’iday March lu I IDO^ON
SAF (lostd mi (tins ol SAF witli m)v los and lot loshmcnts nt 7 30 Uuirsd ty Mai ) m room 212 ol tlu Union Pic esc vv( ii t i„s f,i\en you throuKh th( losUr KT II
I uu Beta Pi I kclion ol nicinlxis Tbuis <1 ly M ircb 'i at 7 111 p m in i k rn lOI < f tlu Union Att<;idan^t uipnnd MIINGl R
Silver Mask r Mittin;, will be hild W<d nesd IV M lYc^i 1 il " 10 p rn in Kom lO'* of thi Union OAKFS
Wilh ilie emergency on, Il is necessary lo be more eonsid^ralc with your elollies, yonr ear, and many o llier everyday neeessilies.
Use Crown Cleaning ‘ regularly and your
clothes will hare a long life ahead of Ihenr
Inlerfriternity Presidents Council Kiys ivc iinvid ] k i'>( cill loi lluni it tlu i ktinify Aflois olhtc —MAYI II ID
Women Students C luds inUnstcd in biinimt i» work bhoiild bio applications with th( Wom( n s plittmcnl s i\ic in tlu lx cvifiv H llldln^ 1 clou S iturd ly Mauh 1 1 1 MDl
@E3®ra Lao^eiiiy
Exponent Freshmen: New schedules are posted on bulletin board in office. All freshmen, except those who came out the second semester, are now assigned to two nights per week. Please check these assignments as soon as possible. -RUFFNER
Top of llie Hill
Ihijon Workers The follovsim numbers I tl Mubic 1 IT comm tt < icp it t i tlu Ui nn (flu Ihui do Mauh it 4 1 p m GoodomoU Guthrie Rowlbv I ytlc I M ist r Bowmin Prcndcii, ist M Divis 1 llifult Kuhn PI lyden C infi Id Mulowc SCInURGFR
Air Id Society Mcctinu Ilunsdi> il U) jm m ro( m >02 of Unio
M i
February 27, 1942
I imbda C lu Alplii Vb Pi Kappa Phi Phi Ddt L I beta vs Pi Kajii i Aiph Pin Ganun I Dell i \s Phi IC ipju bipm I Phi K ippa Vs Phi /Cappi 1 ui
6 30—Diniiei Session—Selections by Pm due Univeisity Gkc Club—-Albeit P Stcwait, Con duetoi, David Simpson, Ac eorniianist Inloimal quiz piogiam oi ‘ex pel ts”
^llllllllllllllllllllilllililllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllllllllk I Dr. A. M. Irion 1 I — DENTIST — I = 11 9 '/a Norfhwesfern Ave. H i Phone 4965 i
Dear Students:
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
CE
-gr—rag
C$)
J 1) >ts not IOC dicsbcs ( I nun s shiriv Dotv I ot I rii He si in 2 \o VN iiiin., lo dr\ C an Ik used I i^lii ifici sli i\ in^ 1 iiiMai il\ slops pcispijuion foi 1 to > d u s Re uo\ ts odor fio n j tr spi uijn A pure vsiiic i K 1 citss si unlcsv V inisliini, ere im S An id ins I tn aw irdcti ili \j jvn \ il Stal of I lu Anur in In i iLic of I lundtr n^ ror be n^ lui inJtss t( f ibi ics
A Radiant Perfume by
LUCIEN BELONG
"Mon Image" is a distinguished, alluring fragrance, for the womart who wishes a perfume with a "Personahty". Set in the renowned Mirror Package.
$2 25 - $6 50 - $10 plus tax
Arrid i6 the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT Try a jar today!
ARRID
Decker’s Inc,
518-20 Main St.
38c • MtoivH iteiiliir' tujlet tfoadv (uImo ill i0< and iDc jurh)
Awake to the fact that the Purdue Exponent is your one source of what is going on about our campus. All one does to find out about Activities meetings or calhouts, is to look in the NOTlCExS. If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it iu fhe CLASSIFIED
AD section. Read al ?oul the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY^ GO-ROUND. Why wait any longer/ Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOWl
Sincerely, The
^ i I
m
I