■ \
* •■ 4 4
Bmif mm€m i9P6
Volunio $2* No. 98
West Lafayette, ludiaiia
thuxsdoy. loimaiy 23; 1941
Plai^hdp Will Present "Night Must Fail" Fer Third Preduclien
iFfdm All Fronts.
Today's Summary Of War News
Playshop's third production of the current •season, "Night Must Pall,’^ scheduled for March 6th through the 8th, -will be one. of their TOoresetidue plays. It is essentially a psy^hol^cal melodrama, and more ttan froth off of a beer glass. In the beginning the action deals intimately with a typical English family home on the outskirts of a small town. Danny, seemingly charming bell-hop at a near by resort, forces his entrance into the bouse. There he fascinates and is fascinated by the secretary to the mistress of the household, from then on the plot of the story deals ■with the relationship of these three people. The play is one of mood, atmosphere and empathy. Supporting the three principles are six strong roles, character parts to a great extent. The only tryout period for “Night Must Pall” will be January 29, at 7 p. ra. in Fowler Hall., All students are urged by the Director, William Deam, to participate in the tryouts, as experience is not reguired to hold a part in a major production. m.j.f.
fo Chicago Paily News Foreign Service. Chvrrightt 'lMO. Chicago Dally News, Ina
World Student Fund Committee Meets Tomorrow At 4 P.M.
Tobruk Captured Tobruk, Italian stronghold in Libya, has fallen, to Hritish troops led by the Anzacs, according to a London dispatch that quotes Australian military headquarters. Winston Churchill told Commons that “it may well be that while I am speaking Tobruk and its garrison are in our hands.” a «
4 Miltioin Defend Britain Four million armed and uniformed men, including the home guard, now defend Britain against invasion, ^Winston Churchill said today. The peak of the war effort is yet to come, he said.
Army Rules Rumania Rumania is under army rule, following the outbreak of wid^pread street fighting. Premier Antonescu has put 87 key industries under military control and has decreed a 10 p. m. curfew to clear the streets.
Claude Nelson, national director of the World Student Service Fund, will be at the University tomorrow to explain the need for and the nature of the W.S.S.P., and to act as advisor on local plans. Nelson will meet with faculty and student leaders at 4 p. m. in the Religious Council office, room 68, of the Union. All major campus groups are invited to send representatives to this meeting which is also open to the student body in general. Nelson has been director of the Y.M.C.A. in Italy for several years, and is serving as director of the fund while on a year’s leave of absence. Authorization for this year’s University drive was given at a faculty meeting last Monday. Prof. £i. W. Sears is chairman of the committee, having served previously in that capacity last spring when nearly 400 dollars was raised, w.m.c.
Road School Closes Tomorrow Noon
OverlfOOHigbway Builders Register At Annual Conclave
Prominent Engineers
Gerald W.Marson
... of Cambridge City, former University Mechanical Engineering student, successfully completed a nine months training course at tjhe Naval Air Staiiion, Pensacola, Fla., and is now on active dutjr with Utility Squadron 4 of the Navy air fleet at Norfolk, Va. MarsoP completed two of, engineering here, 1937’39, and then passed an elimination flight training at^he Naval Reserve Base at Grosse He, Mich., before going to the Pensacola Station.,
Japanese Warship Sunk A Japanese warship and a troop transport have been sunk in the Yangtze River by shore batteries, the Chinese news agency reported today.
Morrison Gets Job In National Defense
. . . attending the 27th Annual University Road School. Reading from left to right: H. G. Sours, Director of the Ohio State Highway Department who will discuss “Military Demands on Our Highways”; Clyde A. Walb of the General Dredging Co., Fort Wayne, who will speak on “The Advantages of Engineering Registration”; and T. A. Boyd, Director of Development, General Motors Corporation, who will speak on “The Course of Road and Car Research.”
Define French Limit “The limit of French concessions to Germany remains, and will always remain, that no military support against Great Britain will be given,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy.
Notice, Students
To students who have made application for occupational deferment (Class II-A). under the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940 and its attendant regulations: The National Committee on Education and Defense is asking the cooperation of Purdue University in a study of SelecHve Service among the colleges. And universities. This special committee is interested only in information regarding those students who have applied or will apply for occupational deferment. Class II-A). To this end each student who has applied or will apply for occupational deferment (Class II-A) is requested to report in writing, to Uie President’s Office, the decision of his local draft board, regardless of ■where such board may be located. You will greatly expedite this survey by your promptness and accuracy. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Bomb American Cemetery German military authorities in France are planning on making an experimental bombing ground of the largest American war cemetery abroad, Edgar Ansel Mowrer writes from Washington. Such a report has reached the State Department.
Prof. I. G. Morrison of the Agricultural Engineering Staff has been appointed special representative in the U. S. Office of Education, Washington. His work will be concerned ■with the vocational education program on National' Defense with rural youth, in the states of Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky. Prof. Morrison, who teaches farm shop work, at the Unjvcrsity,,i^ planning similar courses for this- and other states, whose representatives ' are now working on plans for farm shop training which Morrison helped develop while in Washington on leave of absence from his duties here, w.m.c.
Dean Potter Sponsors Union Book Exchange ASME Essay Contest - - Will Open Next Week
Best Paper Wins $50
Commissioners Oppose Gasoiine Tex Reduction
Turks Warn Axis Warning Axis powers against threatening moves, the Turkish radio declared the Germans can muster only about 16 divisions in Rumania, and said they are facing 100 divisions, exclusive of the British.
Margate Bombed Spreading fires were caused by bombs dropped at Margate, at the entrance to the Thames estuary, Berlin said today. London reported six bombs fell “in a southeast town,” and listed little damage.
Peace And Neutrality On this, the 17th anniversary of the death of Lenin, “the Soviet Union is carrying on infallibly the Lenin and Stalin policy of peac6 and neutrality,” said Pravda, the Communist party organ.
At their meeting held yesterday in conjunction with the 27th Annual Road School, members of the Indiana County Commissioners’ Association went on, record as being against the proposed one cent reduction in the four cent state gasoline tax as has been proposed in the State Legislature. Moreover, they declared themselves in favor of having the proceeds from the gasoline and license taxes split 6060 between the counties and the state. Ralph M. Biery, Lafayette, president of the association, was named chairman of the association’s legislative committee at yesterday’s meeting. Other resolutions adopted included a stand against diversion of funds collected for road purposes and a request that the interest rate on school fund loans be changed from five to^three per cent. w.e.h.
“The Engineer in Public Service —A. A. Potter Award,” a $50 cash prize, will be given to the student writing the best 3,000 word paper on the engineer in public service. All members of the University student chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers are eligible to participate in this essay writing contest which is part of a program carried on by national headquarters to stimulate interest in the opportunities and obligations in public service engineering. This award, sponsored by the Committee on Engineers’ Civic Responsibilities of the ASME, has been made by the friends of Dean Potter as a tribute to him and with the hope that it will s^^ulate more interest in civic response among the undergraduates on the campus. The contest is carried on in conjunction with, similar ones in the Newark College of Engineering at Newark, N. J., and at the Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, w.m.c.
Student Book Exchange, a nonprofit organization operated by students for the benefit of the student body will be open again this year as in the past. The exchange will be in the South ballroom of the Union fiom January 28 to February 6. Books will be checked in for sale Tuesday and Wednesday, January 28-29 from 10 a.m. until 5 p.ra. Selling will begin January 30 and last until February 6. open daily from 10 a.m. until 8 p. m. w.m.c.
Fraternity
. . . intramural managers for the next year have been elected. The junior manager will be Diok Fee of Phi Kappa Tau. Freshmen who survived the elections for sophomore positions are Bill McKee of Phi Kappa Sigma, and Mort Isaacs of Sigma Alpha Mu. The alternate is Meyer Evanson of Sigma Alpha Mu. o.t.c.
Residence Halls Will Hold Annual Open House Feb. 2 Annual open house at the Women’s Residence Halls will be held Sunday, February 2. The open house -is held every year to acquaint students and .the community "with the facilities offered in the residence, halls. Invitations are being mailed now to faculty and staff members.'
Co-ed Hours Co-ed hours as announced by the WSGA Judicial Board for the period between semesters are as follows: Wednesday, January 22, and Thursday, January 23, 12 o’clock; Friday, January 24, and Saturday, January 25, one o’clock; Sunday, January 26, Monday, January 27, and Tuesday, January 28,12 o’clock and Wednesday, January 29, 11 o’clock.
Schricker, Boyd, Potter Address Baiii|uet Tonight Results of a number of studies, conducted by the Highway Research Project at I^urdue, were presented yesterday morning before more than 800 highway men attending the twenty - seventh annual road school, sponsored by the University. The entire morning session was devoted to the activities, of the Joint Highway Research Project, which is conducted by the University in co-operation with the State Highway Commission of Indiana, while the afternoon was given over to inspection of the Road Show, sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association. Music Hall Program Last Night Last night the road mqn were entertained by student musical organizations and by movies presented in the Hall of Music, also sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association. The annual Road School banquet will be seld in the Soutb ballroom of the Union Building this OVehing. Dean Potter will act a’s tditsMiaster, introducing Governor Sofericker and T. A. Boyd, who will diheuss'^ “The Course of Car and Read'Research.” Members of Purdue fi&isical organizations, J. M. RagaihS, assistant choral director, 'conducting, ■will furnish h musical interlude. Walb To Speak This Morning This morning the school will be divided in to six groups, t^Uch group meeting seperately. City Officials ■will hear discussions on city planning apd the work of thO city engineer in national defense. County road supervisors discuss bituminous road surfaces. Clyde A. Walb ■will discuss l;he “Advantages of Elngineering Registration” before the County Surveyors and Engineers. This afternoon will be devoted to a general session in the Hall of Music. T. A. Dicus, ex-chairman of the State Highway Commission of Indiana, ■will discuss “Accomplishments of the Past Pour Years.” H. G. Sours, Director of the Ohio State Highway Department and President of the American Road Builders’ Association, and Colonel D. M. Beere ■will discuss “Military Demands upon Our Highways.” James D. Adams, chairman of the State High^way Commission, will speak on “The Ta:q)ayer’s Stake in Highway Improvement.” Closing Sessions Friday Morning At Friday morning’s concluding (Continued on pag^ 4)
Final Examination Schedules For Today And Tomorrow-That's All-Whee!
^ The examination periods for all courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. Period' Day Date Time 14 Thurs. Jan. 23 8-11 15 Thurs. Jan. 23 1-4 ^ 16 Fri. Jan. 24 8-11 Course Division Period AGRICULTURAL ENGINEERING ^ 11 All 3 or 14 ANIMAL HUSBANDRY 26 All 16 APPLIED DESIGN 57 A 16 * 104 A 16 APPLIED MECHANICS 4 21 0 14 22 R 14 101 A 15 BIOLOGY 36 All 16 60 uA 16 120...„ A 15 4
Course Division Period CHEMICAL EN(}INEERING 128 B : 16 CHEMISTRY 1 AC-AF 16 2 D 16 11 AE-AH 16107 A-C,G,H 15 121 A 16 CIVIL ENGINEERING 6 A 14 21 A 14 71 B,C' 16 DAIRY HUSBANDRY 3 A 16 16 ^ A „,..16 , ECONOMICS 1 C-E 16 1 N 14 11 A-C 16 12 G 15 121 A 16 EDUCATION 8 C 16 17B A 15
Course Division Period / ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 5 A 15 20 B 16 39 .A 16 146 A 16 188 A 15 ENGLISH A ; P,L 14 A J,K 16 1 0-R 14 1 X,Y,AA-AC 16 4 B 16 19. D 14 19 E 15 27 B 16 32 F,G 14 82 J,K 15 ENTOMOLOGY 1 A 16 101 A 15 FARM MANAGEMENT 1..,., All 16 FORESTRY 9 A 16
Course Division Period 27. B 15 GENERAL ENGINEERING 6 B 16 12 All 16 16 B 15 36 Y 15 GEOLOGY 101 B 16 GOVERNMENT 10 _...B 16 . HISTORY 1 B 16 2 ..E 16 113 A 16 HOME ADMINISTRATION 110 B 16 HORTICULTURE 1 " A 16 MATERIA MEDICA IT. AB 16 MATHEMATICS 2., J,K 14 3 1-O 14 4. 14
Course
Division Period
12 C-PJi-K,N,0 ....16 13 B 15 21 A ^.15 MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 11 C,D ....:. 15 30 .C-K 14 31 D-F 15 33 B — 14 63 I-L i5 74 All 16 77 All 16 90.'..„ All 16 96 .A 16 100. A 16 143 A 16
MODERN LANGUAGES
21 A U 22 - „..A 16 23 A 33 .A .....^16 41 A .... .14 42 A „16 43 C 46 61 D,E 14
Course
Division
Period
61.
-u 16
66
.. 14
61...„.
A
14
62
— A
...15
63
...14
PHARMACY
20.
— .A
PHYSICAL ED. FOR MEN <
49
... 15
PHYSICS
2
ta
lb
AH
22.
POULTRY RUSBAMDRY
l.„
16
PSYCHOLOGY
4...
16.
SOCIOLOGY
T6.
....... J8
.16
SPEECH
14.
M,N
14
14.
.......W-Y
lA.........
116.
—..16%
Thursday^ Idnuary 23< 1941
fijuJuhsL Sxfwmnt
The ^th Colmnn
We see where President Roosevelt has decided that Russia has suffered enough for its sins. So now he’s lifting the moral embargo that he clamped on a year ago. During Comrade Joe’s attempt to uplift Finland.
But he’s going to more than just lift the embargo. He’s even going to let Joe buy airplanes and bombs and stuff. Of course Joe’s got plenty of airplanes so he probably wouldn’t have much use for them. But maybe his good friend Adolf could think of a practical use for them.
This sodden burst of jolly comradship seems to be an attempt to entice Joe away from the clutches of
Adolf. But we are going to be rather sorry if the deal
goes through. Because we’ve had a lot of fun watching .. . Joe and Adolf giving each other the reciprocal double cross.
Over in Albania, one of Mussolini’s aviators made a little mistake. He was flying food in for his beleaguered buddies. Only he made a mistake and dropped it to the Greeks. Which is all right if they like spaghetti. * ♦ * We noticed in the paper today that our new base in Bermuda is going to be carved out of coral. Thinking about it started us wondering if . . . Fort Knox was carved out of gold.
The Purdue Exponent Xntered aa aeeond elan matter at tk« poet offle* in L*tnrette, Indiaiia, under the net «f Contrrem of March $, 1879, and at tha apecial rate of poataKO provided for in aection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jaanarr 20, 1922. Published dailjr except Mondar dprina the reaular academic year and weekly durlna the Bummer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mail subseription $8.60. ^ Editor-in-chief. K. W. Denakna Business Ifanacsr. Merle Hayemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. H. McKee Manasiny Editors ._D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. RuSner, A. M. Skallemp, J. Ia. Trauyott. Busineu Staff Local Advertisiny Manayers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Hanayer, C. F. Danylemajer; Accounts Manayer, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manayer, R. M. Kecktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Roee, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 279Z
Represented for national advertlsiny by National Advertisiny Service, Inc., Colleye Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Niyht Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Allenson Niyht Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: M. J. Fox, P. Howard, A. Chatfteld, W. Clark, O. T. Clark, E. C. Young, D. W. Meier
In the same papei' we noticed something about No-
by Clarence
when youre dead youll be a sad sad cookie
fight and maybe get beaten up today
With apologies to Aesop, we write a fable. Fable: One morning a fox, a bulldog, and a tiger were gathered in a field. Before long the tiger and the bulldog were engaged in a fierce battle. To the fox it appeared that the bulldog^iis friend, was about to lose the fight, and be consumed by the tiger. At this point in the fable you may choose from the following endings. ONE. So the fox entered the battle, and finally all three lay on the field more dead than alive with everyone wondering whether any would live. TWO. So the fox stayed around, thoughtfully kicking the tiger whenever possible. The tiger and the bulldog finally lay on the ground, more dead than alive with everyone wondering whether the bulldog would die. THREE. So the fox ran for home, hoping in vain that he’d never meet the tiger again. Tomorrow we’re going to ask Mudball about the casting of the parts among the following actors: Germany, England, and the United States.
PART THREE start over again my dear reader we are back where we started from
-mudball.
Mudball appeared in a serious mood today and composed:
PART TWO remember these boys are fighting with knives and our hero has no knife and maybe his pal will be lucky and win one other possibility is that he could kick the bully when he isnt looking
PART ONE
hey there clarence im writing a play in the middle of the second act the hero is holding his pals coat while the pal fights the village bully when suddenly they draw knives and it looks like mr bully is winning now what should the hero do he can run for home and get beaten up tomorrow or stand around and get beaten up today or get in the
PART THREE tell me what to write and clarence will you please select the parts to be played by the following actors england germany united states
Mudball appeared yesterday and wrote the following. Stuff: PART ONE hey there clarence today i was wondering about the war since everyone seems to be doing it i said to myself quote mudball old fellow it looks like we have been elected to hold englands coat in the scrap at hand looks like the big bully in the story is going to get the best of our pal and we have to decide whether were going to help him or run for home
PART TWO but mudball i continued you aren’t back in grammar school any more these boys are out to kill
ASSEMBLY DANCE SUNDAY JAN. 26TH HOURS 8-11
IRV GIVEN AND HIS ORCHESTRA
ADM. $1.00 FER COUPLE INCLUDING TAX
GOOD MUSIC
EXCELLENT FLOOR
ALLEN’S«th & FERRY
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
The World's Best Book About Boys
The Thrills— Drama—Fun and Excitement of Student Life at Rugby!
Gene Towne
with iSIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE (FREDDIEBARTHOLOMEW JIMMY LYDOM IJOSEPHINEHUTCHINSON BILLY HALOP Ernest Cossart Galt Stom Hsfiile GretB
PLUS-
Fire Fiend Sets City Aflame— Meet a New Type of Public Enemy. THE LAST ALARM with WARREN HULL . FARRELL MacDONALD
LUMA
TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
THE SCREEN’S RRST SUPER-CHARCEO THRILLER OF “TOTAL WAR” IN THE WEST!
A taromounl Plchirc wHh'
John Howard Ellen Drew Akim Tamiroff-May roiism Broderick Crawford • Charley Grapewin PLUS—2nd Feature . . . Stirring! lt*s different!
i
pnnifi
VIROiNIA BUMOM • WIUIAM
HINtV • «IOROI MONTOOMUV lupwie itosm • ooRiu iowoon MHO OROOKt • JOAN VAIIRII
Religious Groups Sponsor
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Short Course Annual Parly
The annual party to introduce short course students to the religious organizations of the campus will be held Friday, January 24 at 7:30 in the University Church at the corner of Main and Grant sts. Darrell Roach is planning the party which is being sponsored by the religious council, the student pastors, and the religious foundation. Progressive games are planned to get the 160 short course students acquainted with each other at the beginning of the eight weeks course.
Wesley
. . . Foundation will celebrate the opening of the new semester with a penny carnival at the Methodist church Wednesday, January 29 at 7:30. Beth Ludberg is general chairman of the carnival which will include fortune telling, bingo, a dollbaby stand, and a beauty shop. The prize for the candy making contest is a pound of chocolates. All the money received will be given to missionary work in India and Japan.
vember’s man of the minute, Willkie. He came out in favor of Roosevelt’s lease-lend plan. And got a free boat trip across to England. Now we’re wondering what would happen if . . . The Army and Navy were to come out in favor of the plan.—ola
Classified Ads
(
‘It was awfully cold sleigh riding last night—A1 and I each froze an outside ear!"
ter $20 344 West Oak St. Morgan.
Lost: Cary Club pin on January 21. Reward. Call R. C. White. Tel. 2437
Liost: Glasses in blue case—last seen In North Women’s lounge in Union Monday. Call: 71311. Liberal Reward.
Girls: Attractive double room. Single beds. Breakfasts and dinners served if desider. Phone 2661. 212 Fowler.
among squad members will begin with the second semester. —KNOLL.
Lost: Female Scotty pup. Black and Brindle. Reward Tel. 2762 Address, 238 Connolly
For Rent: Double room, twin beds, innersprlng mattresses; cont. hot water. Reasonable. 202 Russell. Call 2348.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 860 of the EE building. Mr. J. A. Green will give a lec- f ture demonstration on “loudspeaker testing." —REYNOLDS
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Rooms For Rent: Cheerful modern double room. Single beds. Continuous hot water. $10 monthly. 117 Wiggins. Tel. 46301.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Notices
Ail Students: All students interested in joining University owned co-op house, 1136 Northwestera avenue, aee H. M. Lord there, or Dean Fisher. Must know immediately. —LORD.
For Rent: Double room, continuous hot water. Phone 3923. 146 Andrew Place.
Student Book Exchange Board: There will be a meeting Monday, January 27 at 4 p m. in the Student Union Office. —HOFFER.
Co-eds: Swimming pool open every afternoon at 4 p. m. until Thursday, Jan^ry 23. Mixed recreation will be held FiWay, January 17, from 7:30 to 9:80 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Per Rent: large well-lighted double room with comfortable twin beds, hot water, shower. Very reasonable. Call 2812.
P.O.M.M. Members: Those who paid for keys may now get them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished room, twin beds, inner-spring mattresses, in new home. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 66001. Reasonable.
AH Students: There will be no mixed recreation Friday, January 24. —FISHLEIGH.
Boys: Doable room. Continuous hot wa-
Freshman Squash: Only informal practice between semesters. Courts will be available most of the time. Scheduled matches
/HUS. Ymm/
TBE LITTLE WOMAN WHO WASN'T THERE Tlw faaaieri fam ri llu
JOHN JOP CBMIffi KOBGUS OSCAR HOMOlP
TODLI-riilDAt
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY Donald RRY
fITH WAYNE MORRIS also
— PLUS — FIRST RUN NEWS
tf-
uimeiu
Starts TODAY
THE GREATEST PICTURE EVER MADE I
TIME OF SHOWS WEEK DAYS—10:00 a. m. — 2:00 p. m. SUNDAY (Contiuous) 12:30 — 4:30 —
NO SEATS RESERVED
matinee (Tax Included)
— 7:45 p. m. ,
8:30 Children (Except Sunday) 25c Tax Incl.
EVE. All Day Sun All Seats 55e Tax Incl.fiwubuL ^xpotuunL
Thursday^ r<iniucary 23, 1941
Riveter Nelters Resume Court Schedule
Against Strong Titan Five Next Tuesday
The temporary suspension of basketball practice due to finals was lifted today and the cagers will begin this afternoon to condition themselves for perhaps the most crucial portion of the campaign. A non-conference tilt with Detroit is on tap here for next Tuesday, and on the following week-end the Riveters step back into the Big Ten scene where the fighting is thickest with a brace of home games.
Indiana’s Hoosiers, unbeaten in conference play, will furnish the opposition a week from Saturday, February 1. Just two days later the Boilermakers will be hosts' to the mini, victors in three of four con-
ference starts, losing only to Indiana. Calihan Gone The Detroit club will be minus one of last year’s All-Americans,
UalcnTme Dime !
One of the nicest customs is that of sending Valentines to those you love.
We have a complete display of HALLMARK Valentines with appropriate sentiments for almost any friend or member of the family.
Now is the time to make your selection.
DECKER’S
Phone 5036
More . . .
for YOUR USED
TEXTBOOKS
When You Take Them to
BowsrwnirnDRE
SOttHO flAVE fVKEV WiJT LAFAMFTTE INfii
for the all-campus handicap tournament are being taken now at the Intramural OfBce or at the squash courts in the Fieldhouse, according to Chief Clevett. All persons on the campus are elig^ible, including faculty members and varsity squash players."With the participation of both experienced and inexperienced players in the tourney, it is necessary to assign handicaps to some of the entrants of higher ability. Matches will begin shortly after the opening of the second semester.
o.t.c.
Michigan Host To Tankmen
Chief Clevett Announces
Strong Wolves Entertain Gold And Black
Ward, Greek Play Rules
Mermen At Ann Arbor Tank On Saturday
their high-scoring center, Ed Calihan. Calihan finished his stay on the Titan campus last June, donning a collegiate uniform for the last time last November when he had a hand in the College All-Stars’ 4442 win over the Harlem Globe Trotters. /
According to M. L. (Chief) Clevett, recreational director, those men who have already competed in ward or fraternity Class “A” basketball games, are ineligible for games of the Class “B” variety. Chief has published a list of the players who are not available, and warns all ward and fraternity managers to be careful not to use them.
By Don Meier While most Boilermaker students are doing their best to forget about the past semester over the coming week-end by any one of several means of relaxation, the Riveter swimming squad will be putting forth its strongest efforts to stem the powerful Michigan tank team at Ann Arbor. Saturday's meet with the Wolverines will be the second conference meet for the local mermen this season and will mark the first dual meet aquatic competition between the Ann Arbor and Lafayette schools.
Last year the Riveters downed the Titans, 43-19 with Calihan copping high point honors. Tierney led the Boilermaker scoring. Calihan also was high scorer in the game of two years ago, won again by the Boilermakers.
In the ward league, there will be a schedule of four games for each team. Since the single elimination plan governs the competition, each squad only being able to suffer one defeat, the play promises to be keen. The four teams possessing the best records will enter the playoffs.
Deadline For Entries
Piggy Views The Game Coach Lambert expects the Titans to place a strong team on the floor next Tuesday night in spite of the loss of Calihan. He recalled that Calihan never hurt the Riveters a great deal because of the effective defensive work of last year’s captain, Fred Beretta. e.l.y.
Sprowl,BlankenHold High
Spob In Big Ten Storing
Ward practice games begin on Friday, January 31, and all entry blanks must be in Clevett’s office Tuesday, January 28 at 4:00 p. m. This deadline is necessary so that the schedule may be drav/n up. Fraternities wishing to participate in the Class “B” basketball tournament are urged to submit their respective entry blanks to the Intramural Office by Saturday, January 26. The Greeks will play along the same lines as the ward lads, but they may lose twp encounters before being dropped from the league. Points
Two Riveters are among the first five scorers in the Big Ten according to their average in the games played to date. Frosty Sprowl is tied for second place with Joe Stampf of Chicago with an average of 13.7 markers per game, while Don Blanken’s mark of 12.3 is good enough for the fifth spot. Indiana’s Bill Menke leads the field with a 14.6 average. e.c.y. Game averages for the ten highest point-getters are as follows: G TP Aver. Menke, W., Ind 2 29 14.6 Sprowl, Purdue 3 41 13.7 Stampf, Chicago 3 41 13.7
Twenty-five participation points will be awarded to each fraternity entering a team, with five points going to the winner and three to the runner-up. The winning team will receive a trophy, but there will be no individual medals. Games in the first round begin on Thursday, January 30. o.t.c.
Fisher, Ohio State 3 38 12.7 Blanken, Purdue 3 37 12.3 Englund, Wisconsin .. 5 61 12.2 Kuhl, Iowa 3 33 11.0 McLain, Ohio State 3 33 11.0 Clason, Northwestern. 4 43 10.8 Evers, Illinois 4 42 10.6
In addition to the regular full time job of preparing for final exams this past week. Coach Papenguth’e swimmers have had to worry about preparing for the engagement in Ann Arbor'next week-end. Each afternoon the members of the Riveter tank team have been in the pool working out, hoping that practice will make them good enough to eke out at least a few places from the almighty Michigan team. They’re tough Generally admitted to be one of the strongest aquatic teams in the country, this year’s Wolverine aggregation is even more potent than usual. As a price for such supremacy, Michigan Coach Matt Mann has found it very difficult to even schedule conference meets. Ohio State, which is traditionally Michigan’s biggest rival in swimming, has refused to face the Wolverine men this year as has Yale, the possessor of another top notch swimming team. Only three Big Ten schools have consented to go into the arena with the Wolves this year. In addition to the Boilermaker team, squads from Northwestern, who beat the local swimmers in their season opener, and Iowa will endeavor to at least slow down, if not entirely halt, the lads from Ann Arbor. Strong Divers Wolverine Mentor Matt Mann openly states the high aspirations he has for his boys this season. He believes that if his stellar diver, Strother Martin, can beat Ohio State’s Earl Clark as he did in Florida this winter when the two lads again face one another in the Big
Our 56th Semi-Annual CLEAN SWEEP
SALE
Starts Saturday Morning January 25th at 9 oAock
Tonight, when your Journal Courier reaches your home you will find two pages full of interesting sale news . . . news that undoubtely will save you considerable money on your purchases. We have gone through our entire stocks of merchandise and have reduced many, many items for immediate clearance, among them seasonable WEARING APPAREL — ACCESSORIES — LINGERIE HOME AND HOUSEHOLD NECESSITIES — FURNITURE FABRICS — NOTIONS — TOILETRIES — BEDDINGS ETC.
TWICE A YEAR we have this CLEAN SWEAP and twice a year we ignore cost and selling prices in order to clear our stocks for incoming new merchandise.
Established 28 years j(go, this sale has taken on large proportions and is recognized today as the leading clearance sale of Northwestern Indiana.
COME IN AND HELP US CLEAN SWEEP OUR FALL AND WINTER STOCKS
For Seventy Years on the Square
Ten meet; and that his team has a very good chance of making A clean sweep of victories in all of the events in the meet. In practically every event Mann could use any one oi several men and still be quite confident of victory. Gus Sharmet, junior sprint star is expected to break Weismuller’s record of :61 in the 100 yard free style swim, and six other men on the squad can cover the same distance in less than 63 seconds. Jim Skinner, a sophomore, is already national A.A.U. champion in the breast stroke. Back Stroker Francis Heydt, a back stroker and transfer from Iowa, won the 160 yard event in the Big Ten meet and took a second in the nationals. Heydt was closely foUowed in this event in the nationals by his team mate and present captain of the Michigan squad. Bill Beebe. Boilermaker Coach Dick Papenguth was once a member of the Wolverine swimming team which now serves as his model for future Riveter teams. Although at present the meet with Michigan is considered largely as training, it is hoped that some day it will be possible for a Riveter team to compete successfully against a school whose team has lost only three dual meets in the past 16 years and in 14 nationaUmeets has finished lower than second only twice.
Women's PEDeparhnent Will Otter Training Course
In Recreation Leadership.
The women’s physical education department is offering several courses next semester for those interested in becoming camp counsellors or recreation leaders. One of the courses. Recreational Leadership, is a three credit course offered to train recreation leaders for positions on 4-H Clubs, summer camps, playground clubs and recreation centers. The course covers both the theory of recreation and practice in putting on recreation programs to suit all age levels. A course in first aid, which is open to both men and women and will meet on Wednesdays from 4:00 to 6:00, is a one credit course the completion of which entitles the student to the Red Cross Standard First Aid certificate.
In addition to these, two swimming courses, one in life saving and one in swimming techniques will also be offered. The life saving course will meet on Wednesdays from 7:00 to 9:00 p. m. Completion of this course will give a Red Cross certificate either in Senior Life Saving or as a Water Safety Instructor depending upon the qualification of the student at the beginning. This course also offers qualified life severs a chance to renew their appointments. Advanced Swimming Techniques is a two credit course open to good swimmers only and offering theory ««d practice in all phases of swimming including camp, pool, recreational^ synchronized, and competitive,
1941 DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginner's, Wed., Jen. 29tli Advanced, Tliurs., fan. SOtli 7:30 P.M. ENROLL NOW
raONE EISO ALLEN’S^IH & FERRYTfaursday* lanuary 23* 1041
^:m
Dr.Chrisfie,FonnerStafi Joein' 'Roiind
Plays Indlngagement Closes Tomorrow...
Member, Visits Campus
By Peg Howard
Following right on tho beds of the first anniversary showing of the world famed "Gone With The Wind,” in Atlanta, Manager H. G. Prederickson announces that this city will be honored with an early national release showing of the film version of Margaret Mitchell’s great novel, opening at the Lafayette Theatre, beginning today. Much water has passed under the bridge since the roadshow presentation of GWTW. David 0. Selznick’s Technicolor Mastei-piece won more Academy Awards than any two pictures combined, netting a total of 14. Its box office grosses haVe mounted into staggering figures, placing it in a money-making class of its own. In answer to the thousands of inquiries that have been pouring in regarding the local showing, Mr. Frederickson reveals that GWTW will be presented exactly as before —UNCUT EXCEPT IN ADMISSION PRICES! For the convenience and information of localities, here are the important facts concerning the engagement: GWTW will be shown here for a limited engagement; it will positively be shown in its entireity; there will be no reserved seat showings; feature starting times during the week will be 10 A. M., 2 P. M. and 7:45 P. M.; starting times on Sunday will be 12:30 P. M., 4:30 P.M. and 8:30 P. M. Consult daily advertisements for admission prices.
(Continued from page 1)
sessions county officials will hear a discussion of county bridges by Ben H. Petty, University professor of highway engineering; “County Road Impressions” by W. H. Spencer, Putnam County Commissioner and Arthur Coblentz, ex-county Commissioner and State Senator from Wabash County; “WPA Aid on County Road Inventories” by John Stuckey, Professional and Service division, WPA; "Road and Street Problems from a Legislator’s Viewpoint,” by C. T. Miser, State Representative from DeKalb County. Motion pictures of road work in Kosciusko County will be shown and discussed by S. R. Laughlin, Kosciusko County Road Supervisor, o.l.a.
Dr. George I. Christie, president of Ontario Agricultural College at Guelph, Ontario, visited local friends yesterday enroute to Chicago. Dr. Christie was a staff member from 1906 to 1928, serving as director of the Agricultural Experi-, ment Station from 1920 until 1928 when he resigned to accept the OAC presidency. As a result of present European strife and its stress upon the importance of training. Dr, Christie reported that OAC enrollment had remained constant, because of the unusually large number who desired training for the rapidly growing phases of technical warfare, w.e.h.
8 75
•The Ratio-
3.93 m m to 1
By Gordon Griffin Arch Oboler and Bing Crosby have been listed among the nation’s 10 outstanding young men, according to the sixth annual selection for the dictionary, “America’s Young Men.” Crosby, 36, was chosen because of his bHlliant. success as entertainer and a typical, American; Oboler, 32, was chosen “because he has achieved phenomenal success in a comparatively new field; because he is ‘ credited with bringing the stream-of-cpnsciousness technique to radio; because he is equally adept at cornedy, tragedy and satire; and because his productions are unfailingly original.” Incidentally, the other day, we read Oboler’s first book, “Fourteen Radio Plays.”eif you are on Oboler fan (liked Lights Out, and follow Everyman’s Theater), you will like this collection Of his best plays—available at the library in a day or so.
Not much to tell you about today. Guess everybody’s too busy to get into any mischief. One fellow that isn’t bothered by finals though, is our boy Joseph Patrick Dolan. Joe was Out at the Colonial Gandens Sunday night with a high school girl, I presume. (I hope that’s right.) Joe really believes in treating them rough. His date is now sporting a black eye from being butted. Right out in front of God and everybody, too. Louis Luzar pulled a good one the other night. He was taking Kappa Alice Reed to the movie and they rode downtown on the bus. When they went to get off, Louis, like the gentleman that he is, got off first and turned around to help Alice off. He took her arm and led her through the maze of parked cars and wondered what was going on when some other guy up and took her other arm, all the time watching Louis very suspiciously. Louis happened to look at the girl about this
time and lo and behold, it wasn’t Alice, No sir, Alice was still on the bus. “Alice, where art thou going ?”- Say, I heard an interesting fact the other day. The authorities in Scotland announced the fact that they are going to keep the shipment of scotch to the United States up to pre-war volume. Speaking of scotch, the authorities around here were checking up on us students last Saturday night down town. Somebody had supplied them with the records as to how old everybody in the school is, and they were challenging evei’yone. There’s a heavy fine for lying about your age; so be careful. And with that pleasant thought, I take my leave, .
FINALS! We’re agin ’em! In the first place they cost too much. We can’t afford ’em. Let’s just take a business man’s viewpoint of the situation—y’know assets and liabilities and stuff
First, under liabilities refreshments
1600 cokes per day @ .05 per
coke Miscellaneous (sold off
campus)
SUPPLIES
2000 reams yellow peril @ $ .25 per ream ... 7000 pencils (with erasers) (S) $ .05 per pencil 5000 cribs (there’s some, hon-
est) @ $2 per .......000
OVERHEAD
Lights (they’re overhead) or Midnight Oil 500 ENTERTAINMENT (for the pause that refreshes)
Shovirs (cinemsi, burlesque, and so forth), @1 $ .44 per,.v,....$2,640 MISCELLANEOUS Headache tablets (conservative estimate, 7,000 bottles) @ $ .25 pef ........$1760 Hospital bills (conservative estimate, 700 persons @ $26 per .,.::.$1760()
P^rsom^ N(^&i
100
600
350
TOTAL FOR UNIVERSITY 700 STUDENTS ......$67,416 And now for the assets, H, A, B, C, D, F’s (take a letter) Good Will (but we don’t know whose, certainly not the profs) Well, there it is boys and girls, and they blame the government for using the alphabet and not balancing the budget! Oh, yes we’re taking it now, but —comes the revolution and we’ve got a plan: We’re going to give all the profs their own finals, grade them on the curve, and make everything below 101 % failing, ' S’long, Joes, see you after the Pinal Finale.
Company: Standard Cll Company of New Jersey, New ; York; New York. Company’s IVodocts: Gasoline, Oils, Greases. Repreaentative: R; W. Peters. Date of Visit: February 6, 7, 8. Will interview: * See below. Types of Positi<nt8:" Positions in all divisions of the corporation.
Mechanical Engineers^--devel-opment, design, test or production. Mechanical Engineers (aeronautical option)—drafting and stress analysis. Electrical EngineersT--elec-troplating and foundry, Metallurgical Engineers-^evelopment.
Company: Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farmingdale, L. L, N* Y. Company’s Products: (Division Of Fairchild Corporation). Types of Positions: S t u dent Engineering Course. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering,
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTER!ES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
No Girl, regartlless of her other traits can have a good time if she is ill-at-ease.
A Boy who can make his “Date” feel natural and at ease helps the girl to enjoy herself.
Personal appearance is VERY important. Qothe^, Grown Cleaned and pressed will improve your personal appeari^nce.
Saxophonists and Clarinetists Improve Your Playing Study with MAURIE BENNETT at the McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main St. Phone 7917
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK pR. HAROLD J. RISK
Phono 5710
4th & Main Sts
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ’/z Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Hardware
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It^s Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Sperb Hardware (Quality Mdse.-—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
Complete Line of Greeting Cards
University Book Store
M. C. "Red"' Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk
scks,
locks, night latdies and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac-
cessories and repairing.
MULHAUPT^ 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
V"«
m