tcu«,
■ 4
Kassel Plays At Thanksgiving Victory Varieties Adjustments Made Senate Allows Victory Varieties To Feature Pres. e.c Elliott Answers
For War Conditions, Service Men In Union Building To Petition
By Marian Donham Not a munitions plant, never threatened hy bombs—yet the Memorial Union Building is definitely at war. The Union Building has been adjusted to wartime conditions BO well that it is doing a tremendous job of housing and feeding part of the military units stationed at the University, Service men populate the Union, roving in and out of the Sweet Shop, stopping at tHe west desk for a candy bar, or lining up for their meals. That the Music Boom would today be a barracks was unthought of one year ago, but of the two classes of Navy flight officers training at the University airport, 29 are now quartered in the Music Room, A wall has been built in front of the glass doors, and inside beds are lined along each wall. Two Civilian Lines These flight officers eat their meals, along with 25 other flight officers who still live in the Union Club, at a special Navy mess in the civilian cafeteria. To relieve congestion at noon, two civilian lines are now served in the cafeteria. The 40 men from Latin America are being housed in four rooms in the north end of the west section on the third floor of the Union Building, Their living quarters have also been partitioned off like those of the flight officers. The “Inter Americans,” who come from several South American countries, are being served, for the present, in an improvised cafeteria counter near the West Cafeteria. Army Housing Problem ' The Army too has its share in the housing facilities of the Union, with 182 men of the newest ASTP arrivals living in the Union Club. Mess hall for these soldiers, along with 338 other ASTP men, is in the newly developed cafeteria in the South Ballroom. The North Ballroom is devoted to 366 V-12 sailors and marines. I Easy to recall are the days when the West Cafeteria of the Union was dormant, a place to be admired because of its shiny steel counters, but lacking in activity. That counter now serves meals to 530 soldiers three times each day. Manager Vallely has now the added responsibility of housing 276 service men and feeding many more. Each new problem of the arrival of men to be housed or fed in the Union has been met and assumed. Miss Nugent, manager of the food-serv-ing centers of the Union, is ovei’seeing, in addition to the usual kitchens, the preparation of food in the ballroom cafeterias, the west cafeteria and the mess hall in the Navy air cadet barracks at the Airport. Each day she supervises the serving of food to 1719 service men, t)lus all the civilians who eat in the Union. Many Diversions The Sweet Shop, bowling alleys, billiard rooms, lounges, browsing room and sociability of the Union Building all welcome the service men and offer diversions. ASME Sees Movies Of Venezuelan Life At an open meeting of the University’s chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers last night two motion pictures of Venezuela were shown. Both of these films were in color and sound. One picture, entitled “Our Neighbors Down the Road,” showed -•scenes along the Pan-American highway and the other showed the development of the petroleum industry in Venezuela. The photography and commentary were by Julian Bryan, who will appear here in-a convocation on South America March 30. Coed Hours AWS hours for Thanksgiving will be 10:30 p. m. for all coeds. —AWS JUDICIAL BOARD
In an attempt to give every person on campus an equal voice in the affairs of the student governing body, service men as well as civilians are eligible for a position on the Student Senate. Sixteen candidate's probably will be elected in the balloting Monday, November 29. Since petitions. have not yet been filed for a number of the posts f^ere is a possibility that representatives will not be chosen from every school that is entitled to one. Any aspirants that have not yet filed their petitions have until 5 p. m. tomorrow to procure one from the Senate office and acquire the signatures of at least 50 members of their school. Owing to changes in the size of enrollment, certain schools will be combined to name one representative each from the sophomore and junior classes. The schools in question are agriculture, pharmacy, physical education and forestry. Otherwise the representation will be the same as before. A sophomore and junior will be elected from each of the five engineering schools, the home economics school, the science school and the combined
schools.
Some Petitions Not Filed As yet however no petitions have been filed for the junior electrical, metallurgical, mechanical and chemical engineering posts or for the agriculture school position. Obviously, if there are no candidates, there will be no representatives in the Senate. In the election Monday all those wishing to vote, including service men, must present either a passport or schedule card. AWS Members Vote
Art Kassel's Band; Six Other Students Many Gripes
Specialties On Show Tonight
Art Kassel and his Kassels in the Air will be the featured stars on tonight’s fifth Victory Varieties which will be held in the Hall of Music. Six other acts will appear on the program which will begin at 8 p. m. Doors of the Music Hall will open at-7:30 p. m. Kassel is a native of Chicago and composed its theme song, “Chicago”. He also is the composer of other songs, “Doodely-doo”, “Hells Bells”, “Knocking at Your Door”, and “Betty 11 Coed”. A veteran of World War I, Kassel was one of ten survivors of a detail of sixteen that was hit by a high explosive. After the war he organized the Overseas Four which played at the Athenia Cafe in Chicago. He played a clarinet originally but gave it up when a youngster joined his band who was better than he. The youngster was Benny Goodman. Others that he has started up the ladder of fame have been Muggsy Spanier and Ben
Pollack.
Kassel has appeared at the Bismarck Hotel, the Aragon Ballroom, at the Meadowbrook Country Club in St. Louis and on the Fitch Bandwagon. He features as soloists Gloria Hart, Jimmy Featherstone and Earl Randall. Other Snappy Acts Other acts which will appear on tonight’s show include the Four Vagabonds, negro quartet; Joy Addrienne and Hank, duo; the Four Pranks, musical, novelty and dancing act; Ada Lynne, Hollywood impressionist, singer and dancer; Hubert Dyer and Company, comedy novelty act; Maurice and Betty Whalen, adagio team. Admission to the show will be by tickets which may be purchased for
50 cents.
By Bill Tyson, Exponent News Editor
To University students still suffering under the delusion that they are still in an institution of inquisitive learning President E. C. Elliott gave a harsh and uncompromising awakening at the convocation Tuesday in the Music Hall. “The University as a national institution is committed to omit no effort which would contribute to the furthering of oufr country’s goal, which is vic-
tory,” said President Elliott. He later continued, “I chal-
lenge you to take it.”
The convocation, suggested by President Elliott in order to clear up certain misunderstandings existing in the minds of students concerning University policies, was
Dean H. J. Reed, head of the ag- opened by John Woolling, Student ricultural department, announced Union president. He asked the recently that two young men from president “Why are University stuBrazil, Geraldo Salgado Amorin permitted vacations exand Umberto Silva de Cerqueria, ^^p^ ^^e half day Christmas when have just arrived to begin a year otjjev state institutions, such as Inof training in practical farm and diana University, receive three days extension methods at the Univer- Thanksgiving and ten days at
sity. These two men are from a group of 40' Brazilians who have been sent to this country under the
cooperative project of the Insti- . , .
tute of Inter-American Affairs and ^ the various steps be-
the U. S. State Department. When cies. Beginning with the Board of
Two Brazilian Students Enroll In Ag School
Christmas?”
Policies Discussed
In reply President Elliott drew
Trustees’ action of June 8, 1940,
they complete their trainng, they
will return to their country to be- , , , , ....
• 4.1, 4.- j! when he was delegated authority to
come leaders m the promotion of , , „ , . ”, , . j; . u 4.4. -14. • 4.U • 4. take all steps in order that the Uni-
better agriculture m their country. . . t .
versity might do its utmost to con-
Their training will consist of
tribute to the war effort, he de-
eight months as a farm laborer on transition of a an individual farm. They will live University at peace to a University
and eat with a farm family and learn the methods of good farming by actual experience. The other
Further changes included the an-
three months will be spent in train- "oui^<=ement by the War Manpower
Commission that all able-bodied
ing under the direct supervision of the pounty agricultural agent. Amorim, who is from Minas Gerais, Brazil, spent two years at
men students were destined for the armed services, the decision by the faculty to operate the University on a full year basis and the War
Vicosa an agricultural college. He and Navy departments’plan for col
worked one year as foreman on a
In Passion Play Production
ART KASSEL, regular feature of Victory Varieties, adds to ThanksN. Reed President giving celebration. In General Elections Uve Animals To Add Reality
Nelda Reed, Kappa Kappa Gamma, was yesterday elected president of AWS in the general elections. Three Chi Omegas were elected to positions. They were Ginny Warren, who was elected secretary of the organization; Martha McQulIoch, the new treasurer, and Betty Murphy, the junior represen-
tative.
The jobs of sophomore representatives Went to Kate Bird, Kappa Alpha Theta, and to Barbara Sanders, Pi Beta Phi. June Hansen and Carol Lofquist were elected as freshmen representatives. AWS is the women students’ organization on the cahipus that with faculty advice directs the activities of the women at the University. Every woman in the University is necessarily a member of this organization. It controls such things as women’s hours and sets certain social standards by which women students abide. It helps orient freshman women to their new surroundings.
Dr. Gilbreth Serves As Library Trustee “First Lady of Engineering,” Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management at the University, has been appointed to the board of trustees of the free public library of Montclair, N. J., where she has lived for many years. An active member of many national circles of professional and learned societies, Dr. Gilbreth is recognized as the world’s outstanding woman engineer. She is member-at-large of the Giil Scout board of directors. Exponent Meeting Important meeting for Exponent workers—freshmen, sophomores, juniors, seniors and advisers—Thursday afternoon at 4:30 in East Faculty Lounge of Union. Awards will be given; the meeting will’be short, —MURPHY,
Two camels with the very unbiblical names of Loretta and Fanny will be a unique addition to the stage prop^ties of the Black Hills Passion Play, which will be presented in the Hall of Music Thursday and Friday, December 2-3. Loretta towers well above eight feet in height, weighs 1465 pounds and in some theaters it has been impossible to use her. Fannie, however, is smaller a,nd appears in every performance. The world-fa-mous company purchased the animals in Hollywood, and for camels they have had a wide variety of experiences. They have gone up stairs, ridden elevators, had ramps built for them, and were on and off the stage in Constitution Hall, in Washington, D. C., before the company was informed that no animal could
appear on that stage.
Donkey as Well as Camels In addition to the camels Jenny, the donkey whom the Christus rides in the “Triumphal Entry” scene, is quite a trouper in her own right. Her mother and grandmother before her have carried a member of the Meier family in the age-old ver-
sion of the life of Christ.
Students will be used fpr “supers” in the crowd scenes as guards, disciples, court girls and temple
girls.
Students who are planning to purchase bargain rate seats are urged to obtain their tickets in advance in order to avoid any last minute rush at the box office, according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. Student tickets, priced at only 50 cents, including tax, can now be obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse or the cashier’s office in the Executive Building upon presentation of proper identification. The same 60 cent rate for all performances applies to both service and civilan students, but Prof. Gunn pointed out that students not in
uniform will be required to present their passports along with the special student tickets in order to obtain admission to the Passion Play. University Town. Meeting Appoints Steering Committee Spurred by the success of the first meeting of their group at the Wesley Foundation, the University Town Meeting has selected a steering committee to attend to the administrative details of the group. Of the 14 persons who volunteered their services to the committee, six were chosen who represented as complete a cross-section of the students and faculty as was possible. The steering committee will hold its first meeting th^s Friday at 6:30 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation, in order to draw up a list of topics and speakers for futui'e gatherings of the Town Meeting. At the next meeting of the group the complete list'Of topics will be submitted ;to all those present in order to enable them to choose the topics they
would like to discuss.
The next general meeting of the nienibers will be held on Thursday, December 2, 1943, at the'Wesley Foundation (across the street from the Union). The meeting will begin promptly at 5:46 p. m. in order to enable service men to attend. Those who cannot come at the opening of the meeting are invited to come as soon as they can. All are
invited.
Not'ice New publishing dates for Exponent will be 'ruesday, Thursday and Saturday. —EDFIOR
SCA Will Admit International House International House was admitted to membership in the Student Cooperative Association at a meeting of the SCA board Tuesday night, Francis Bryant, president of SCA, has announced. Although the actual voting was done by the board, which is composed of two representatives from each cooperative house, each delegate was instructed as to how he should vo^e by the members of the house which he represents. In explaining the background of the admittance, Bryant explained that International House first applied for SCA membei’ship in July. A special committee composed of Bryant, who was then vice-presi-dent, Beth Ludberg and Irene Kirk was appointed to investigate the constitution of the house and to determine if it came up to the standards set by SCA. International House is unique in that, besides being a cooperative house, its constitution states that the members shall be composed of one-third white students who are citizens of the United States, onethird negroes and one-third foreign students. However, due to the war, this ratio has not been maintained
always.
Operated on Same Basis Last week a special open meeting attended by approximately 150 persons from/ cooperative houses and fiom International House was held to* discuss the question. Although the matter of racial prejudice was brought up, Bryant stated that the SCA constitution provides that such prejudice shall not be a basis for refusing admittance to SCA. International House is operated on the same cooperative principles as are the other members of SCA with the members doing all the work around the house, thus providing a cheaper method of living as well as giving experience in coopei’ative living and in varied types of work.
lege training for armed force per-
sonnel.
“Every civilian student at the
was put m charge of another large University is enjoying a special
swine and poultry farm at Quemados, in the state of Rio. Later he
poultry and swine farm.
privilege,” he said. “Several times
De Cerqueira, a graduate of Vi- during the last year there has been cosa, is from Alagoas, Brazil. After serious discussion whether it would his graduation he was put in charge be advisable to retain civilian stuof a large farm. Later he was an dents; however, the administration
thought that their retention was important because this generation has learned that war is carried on by workers as ^ell as soldiers.” “At present the University has strained its facilities, its funds and it^ ¥taff to meet the demands of the present situation but it will continue to cooperate to the maximum with both the forces on the battle line and the forces behind the bat-
tle line.”
employee of his country’s agricul-
tural department.
Neese Urges Seniors To Sign For Pictures At Union Debris Office
Last call has been issued by Eb
Neese, editor of Debris, for all stu- Both Army and Navy Setups
dents who will graduate from the University in 1944 to make appoint
In reply to the question President Elliott said that the University is
ments to have their pictures taken. ^^e few having both army All of these students who have not navy college programs on the yet signed up may make appoint- campus, and since that was the case ments in the Debris office, room 319 ^^e civilian program had to be inin the Union from 4 to 5:30 today tegrated with the navy V-12 classes, and tomorrow afternoons and from Since it is virtually impossible to 8 to 12 Saturday morning. Pictures operate classes with a large group of eligible students cannot be in- absent, civilian students are being eluded in Debris unless these per- I’Gfluired to attend for the same sons sign up by Saturday. length of time that the navy men A reminder was given to sixth attend. “If I were you,” he said, semester juniors that since they would not claim the privileges will graduate next November their ^ot given to army and navy men.” senior pictures will be included in additional reason cited by the the next Debris. president was a request from the Appointments made by students Office of Defense Transportation to have pictures taken this week that the University use every effort have been postponed until the same to avoid sending large groups of time next week. Those concerned students on the trains and buses will receive postcards from Debris over the holiday season, reminding them of the time of their Further questions were then put appointments. to both President Elliott and Dean
Hockema. It was suggested that vacations be given since all students could easily make up the lost work. The answer given indicatedi* that the responsibility for making up work rested partly in thp hands
University Aeromodelers Club of the instructor, meaning additionis to hold another flying contest in al work for them, the Fieldhouse Sunday at 1 p. m. The question was raised of the It will be run in much the same situation of the student who lived order as the last contest with in- too far from the campus to enable door glider and U control models him to reach home in time for being eligible. Christmas with penalty days in Entry fee will be 50 cents for force. In that case careful consid-non-members and 25 cents for mem- eration of the application of penalbers. Cash prizes will be offered ty days to the situation would be but the exact amounts have not been considered, said Elliott, decided on yet. (See CONVO, page 4)
Aeromodelers Will Hold Contest In Fieldhouse-li^-***
ft
Piige 2
Purdue Exponent
’f\ Vii
Thursday, November 2^, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor Business Mana^^tr Nei^s Editor ManaftiHR Editor Sports Editors
nils Murphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Raymond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
Jack Abbett Ruth M Ford Madclyn A ' Ricl 1 rdsoi M t,aiot Y StcJTe JanlLS
Ackctnan hrnnkVoj^h Ph>lli Main Mnitha I ec Riggs ScrMce Staff Morn*^ BotUr Gabriel Ehas Leo Friedman
Jack Martirc lav Newman
As^sociafc Editors Grotnes 1 imt
Business Staff Ad\ertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Money Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor \ egh (ity Editor Grotnes
Sports Fditor
Reporters \ \ ig i Stieetci 1 1 w Bit B n s R ch dson
Dav Editor Mann Issue Editor Woerner
Wnghl
Rippet G Ccorgcson Van Gaib 1 B Gaibei I owib
Brown H im n 11 i 1 Rosci I rg "Winci Sworn K. stnoi
Staff Photographer W C lolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the net of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rite of postage provided for in section 1 OS act of October t 1917 authoriiitd January 20 1922 Publisher' oi Pi slaj T! urs lay and Saturday mornings dur mg the yeai except certa n vacation pen ds Delivered daily bv earner for si *^0 for a seme ter 1 y mail for $1 60 for a eemc^ttr Subscii) t onb may be btamed at the Exponent office or at tl e W st D sk of tl c Union Represented fc r r atjonal advert sing by National Advertis ing Seiv ce I C liege Publishers Representatives 4^0 Madison A\e New Yoik N Y
Still A Day Of Thanksgiving .
Did Convocation ^ail?
In Tuesday’s speech by Piesideni Elhott to the ci\ihan students, we noticed several outstanding piinciples which may not have been
entiiely e\ ident
The fii st V as i aised by a student who asked, “Who IS in chaige heie, the aimed lorces oi
the administiation
It must be evident to even the most unin loimcd that the entiie world as we know it is at vvai -dn eveiy country the dictates of the vai effoi t, headed bj the mihtaiy authoiities, aic the one and the only consideiation Men seeking to hold then civil lights have foimed committees with the armed force representatives in an effort to save as many as they can, but when a crisis comes, it is the army or the nav y w ho gc t then wav Wc have examples of that here Although it was the state department who wished the Brazilian fivers to be trained, they are to be navj instructed That was the crisis As a result the civilians had to forego certain rights
111 the Union
Du( to the peculiarities of war, a demociatic form of organization is not the best tv pc for the rapid action which must be taken bv the waning paitics And so the majority of the peaplc are submitting willingly to a moie dictatonal form of government which thev fed will enable then side to win in the shuitest time with the least delaj s 1 bus Pi csident Elliott came to the convocation itstciday to give reasons lor the Univexsitv action so that students could hear first hand why various restrictions had been im-
pose d
Students always led that they should have a laige part in the decisions a University makes coi rning them They have always felt thev wene 11 I nveisily and that they bhoulel thcrci c the lull respect of the
WISHIIKTOH
. . Tm u S 0(1. MERRY-GO-ROUND
[
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liefily
Thanksgiving day has always been a holidav laid aside for the purpose ol giving thanks for a successful vear and for all of the so called woildlv blessings which each of us possess Today obv lously is not a holiday But, nevertheless it is still a day ot Thanksgiving It is the da-v when each person in the United States should take time out for a few minutes and think just how fortunate he is to be where he is Even if it is only diu mg the shoi t wdlk fi om the last class this afternoon to the “shop”, we should all consider our own good fortune and be thankful for it We realize that it is tough not to be aole to go home but it is even tougher not to have a home to go to A\ e know loo the t it is rather monotonous eating the s ^ ^ ood day after day, but we ai e still happj ause we are not among those w ho eat nothing day after day We know that many of us are irritated with the tact that we must go to the same old Classes getting an education just like so many other students But just think how we would feel if w e were suddenly deprived of the privilege We should be grateful for the fact that we can attend school and learn as much as we are mentally able, for there are many countries which limit the education possibilities of then >outh These are just a few things that we might think about while walking over to the Sweet Shop alter that long lecture —Editors
• y DREW RtARSON ^ Military Men Hope For Hitler's Defeat By Next Thanksgiving Day; Allied Bombings Harass Reich WASHINGTON—Tl anksgivint, loi the Piehident this yeai might be compared to the Thanksgiving Geoige Washington celebrated with General Lafay ette in 1777 They weie at Valley Forge together and it was not a happy occasion Similarly the Piesi dent s family this year aie spread out all over the far flung war fronts and he himself is reported to be con felling far from the United States with Churchill and
Stalin
Usually the Roosevelts have gone in for a real fam ily Thanksgiving—tuikey, church, a big leunion of all the childien and grandchildren But not this yeai Moieovei the merchants of Washington this year will celebrate Thanksgiving very much as they did in the early days Thanksgiving was a purely New Eng land holiday during the early days of the Republic and when George Washington asked Congress in 1789 to set aside i holiday to be observed by the entire countij there was vigorous objection The objection came chiefly from the Demociats who accused Washington (as Roosevelt is accused to day) of exeicising undue Federal power and trampling on States’ rights So thanks to Demociatic opposi tioii Thanksgiving did not become a national holiday until thiee quaiteis of v century later Then it was the merchants along the sleepy Potomac who really saw the advantage of Thanksgiving It was in 1845 that the Washington gioceis and wine merchants woke up to the possibilities of a na tional holiday and began to advertise Sixty barrels of white wine foity barrels oi champagne and New York cider all by recent packet from New York via
Alex rndiia
Thanksgiving Of Past* Presidents Just as this Thanksgiving is a day ot work for President Roosevelt most Thanksgivings in the past have been clays of aiduous labor m the White House Ihis was largely because of the lame duck session of Congress which met shoitly attei the holiday In tact future Presidents can ^.ive silent thanks to Senator Gepige Norris of Nebraska for having abolished the
lame duck session
The history of previous Thanksgivings in the White House as lai as they aie lecorded in the newspapeis of other days reads somewhat like this Piesident Monroe 1823 spent the day writing mes sage to Congress Unable to attend church Presi dent Buchanan 1847 long conference with Goveinor Walker of Kansas over rnflux of slave traders as a result of Kansas Nebraska Act President Giant 1876 unable to receive visitois spent day writing message to Congiess President McKinley 1900, spent day working on message to Congress and con stdermg whether to recommend pensions lor ex slaves The next dry Mrs McKinley boied left for a shopping expedition in New Yoik Piesident Harding 1921 signed bills at the Capitol all morning dined at noon with the family and in foimally away from the White House at night President Coolidge 1927 lose at his usual houi took setti«g up exeicises shaved hjmself bieakfasted with Mis Coolidge then retiicd to his study to woik on his message to Congress President Hoover 1930, rose it 6 a m played hand ball bieiktasted it eight at tended Piiends meeting spent remainder ot d ly writ
ing his annual message
So until the Norris lame duck imendment Thanks giving Day for the President ot the United States
was nothing to be thankful for Losf War Holiday?
This yeai s Th ml sgiving dinner in the White House will compare with tint of Woodrow Wilson in 1917 Mrs Wilson it that time served only three courses (1) Cream ot oyster soup with slices ot hot butteied toast (2) tuikey with tiimmings and vegetibles (buining brairdy was omitted is well is cianbeiiies) (3) pumpkin pie but no plum puddin., B1 ick coffee
vas served as r digestive stimulant
Since the war holidry md the piesent have in teivened some extiemely gay Thanksgivings, espe cially dining the eaily yeais ot jt^lie New Deal when
oClkifAA, to the
Personnejl Ifotes
“Gee whiz. Pop—Maybe you did play quietly when you were a boy—in tho«e days they didn’t have machine guns, airplanes and tanks ”
University Calendar
All Da\ 4 00 P M
All Day 7 00 PM 7 30 PM
Thursday, November 25 Tlnnl sgiving Day Penalty Day C ommittee on State of the University Room 263, Union Friday, November 26 ' \ Penalty Day Service Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music PIA Dance E Faculty Lounge, Union
WBAA Schedule
riuirsday— 10 30—News 10 45—Smile Time 11 00—Fecfeiated Clubs 11 15—Morning Matinee 11 50—Purdue News 11 55—News 12 00^—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the B md 12 55—^News 1 00—Homemikeis Club 1 15—Music 1 30—-Science Review 1 45—Markets 1 55—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 15—The Apothecary 2 30—Treasure Chest 2 55—News 3 00—Symphony Hall 55—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30^—Just Relax 5 00—Little Miss Muffett 5 15—Doiee Martin singer 5 jO—-Vespers 5 45—Music 6 00—OFF THE AIR
11 00— Newspaper and Magazine Writing,” Prof McKee
■Pii due News
-News
11 50 11 5512 00-
12 3012 55-
1 001 15-
11 ulay— 10 30—News 10 45—Sm le Time
1 451 552 002 152 302 553 003 151 554 004 304 550 005 155 305 456 006 016 557 007 457 558 008 0-
-Faim Forum -Meet the Band -News -Homemakers Club -Listen While You Work -M ir kets -News -Story a Day -Treasury Stai Parade -Music -News -Af+einoon Melodies -Todd Grant -Musical Vaiieties -News -Tea Time Tunes -Just Relax -News -Little Miss Muffett -Music -Vespeis ^ -Spoits Review -Prayer Minute -Dinner Hour -Ne»vs -Memories for the Masters -Today’s China -News -WBAA Bain Dance -Music
A very great many students on campus resent very much a recent policy of the University, and as many are discussing the idea among themselves more than authorities must realize Because of the very nature of the trouble however, they are afraid to express them selves openly The Christmas va cati«n controversy is only subordinate to it, we are very resentful of the approach with which the mass meeting last Tuesday was conducted A large part of the student body was piesent a-t the mass meeting to discuss the possibilities of a Christmas vacation Veiy few of us were actually demanding a vaca tion because we were resigned to the one day setup, and our view points were m fair consideration of all the facts involved, but we left the meeting quite dissatisfied with the information, or lack of jnfoima tion, given us Some controversy has been over the fact that other schools under military programs, such as North western and Ohio, are having vapa tions Why shouldn’t we know why this disciimination was made’ Also we all read in the papers that the government asked that univeisites extend or stagger then vacations to relieve the transportation rush and we all know that this University is not doing that, either Why’ Is the armed force personnel here indirectly dictating all polices of the University’ We would just like to know But these are not the main pi oh lems over which we are concerned, because it is something bigger now We are not the spoiled, selfish cam pus “joes ’ some people think we are We are not totally unaware of the war because we have been home to witness these things we have brothers and fathers in the army, we have friends who already have made the greatest sacrifice we consider this oui war too, and we believe in demociatic polices Because of this last idea we are indignant ovei the most recent Uni veisity approach to its studepts We will accept facts but we do not like to be theatened to be put out of school ‘with a tianseiipt just because we want a vacation it we can get it without cupping the war effoi t—or just because we ask jus tified demociatic questions We are willing to saciifice with leason but we are not willing to be thieatened without justification We do not want to have to leave this school, we want to do all we can foi the wai effoit but we want
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Fairbanks, Morse & Co, Boloit, Wisconsin—Date to be annbttnced Interested in M E , E E Garfield Division of HondailleHershey Corporation, Decatur, IlL —Date to be announced Interested in Ch E , Met E - RCA, Camden, N J —December 4 —Diteiested in EE, M E ,( physicists, P S E , Chemists (B S , ^ 3(, PhD ), ChE ' r < Ihe Carter Oil Company, Thlsa, Okla —-December 8 ’ Interested m EE, C E , Ch E , ME, chemists (BS,MS,PhD) Federal Telephone and Radio Corporation, E Newark, N J —Date to be announced Interested in Chemt ists, E E , P S E , M E , physicists Cleveland Industrial Researcii, Inc, Cleveland, Ohio>7-Thursday< December 2 Interested ip B S, M S , Ph D , Chemists (organic) Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corp, Chicago, 111 —Date to be announced Interested in all engineers
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie interested in students for employment Socony Vacuum Oil Company, New York—Interested in E E , geophysicists geologists Sign by November 30 Ashland Oil & Refining Company, Ashland, Kentucky—Interested ih Ch E , ME chemists Sign by No- \ ember 27 Holley Carburetor Co, Detroit, Mich — Interested m ME — Re search and Development Sign by December 4 National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Field, Hampton, Virginia—Interested in AE, ME C E Sign by December 4
to be treated as educated democrats At piesent we are approached as privileged, selfish civilians who must either take dictation or “leave school with a transcript” We rpsent that and maintain our rights for justified reason for the things we are asked to do MLR
Foundation To Sponsor Barn Dance Tomorrow
The Wesley Foundation wjll sponsor a hayloft party from 7 30 to 11 30 tomorrow night S^quaie, folk and social dancing ftave been planned There will be games and
refreshments
All students and service men are invited to attend The admission is 15 cents per person
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
8 45—Eventide Echoes 8 55—News 9 00—Musicana 9 30—Anything but Swing 9 55—News 10 00—OFF THE AIR
most ot the Roosevelt childien came home and the White House w is one ot the gayest spots in the
nation
(Copyii„ht 1943 by United 1 eatui
Syndic ite Inc )
Unueisity officials At the present time the civilian students aie only part ot the University, however they teel that they still are essentially the University, and as such, deserve respect Therefore they came to the convocation yesterday with the idea of asking for and getting an accounting tor actions of the administration, and of proposing some sort of conditions which would be acceptable to them When they were seemingly rr|@t with insufficient answers and an attitude that they were receiving favors when they were allowed to stay at the University then anger was aroused Thus the convocation did not accomplish its prime pin pose Ihe students did get the assurance that the problem ol a Christmas vacation would foe investigated That is being done As the situation stands a body ot students which will represent their opinions is necessary to further straighten out the present and tutuie situations This was suggested by President Elhott, as was the convocation Many people ha\e said that that type of piogiam was not the answer Some say the Student War Council might do it It it were created liom a group ot outspoken and forthright individuals who were in a position to know the campus sentiment and to present their ideas to the administration, they could do a gi eat deal We are open to more suggestions, however, foul abo\e all wc want something done, now A situation ol umest is intoleiafole
TODAY and TOMORROW 'T
YOUR FAVORITES TOGETHER AGAIN TOPPING ALL THEIR PAST HITS'
mmr IN Gsom inJ IRA GBRSHWIN S MUSICAL HIT . Ptl CjlilY
GIL STRAHON ROBT E STRICKLAND RAGS RAGLAND JUNE AliLYSON NANCY WALKER GUY KIBBEE TOMMY DORSEY AND HIS ONCIIESTDA.
Uifmism
LUMA
TODAY-FRL-SAT. WILD BILL ELLIOn
GEORGE GABBr HAYES ^NNE JEFFREYS
PLUS —
61 / J \
W? livvis
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec. 1,7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P. M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC 4th
ALLEN’S 6ih A Ferry
make MILLER'S YOUR^ MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
Lafayette
514 Mam
Phone 7917
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
They're Hula-Happy I They’re Conga-Cuckoo I They're Rhumba-Riotous
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
R^Y ROGERSi «//YR coiVBoys
— Plus — LATEST PATHE NEWS
fr\'
susses f i '
^rmx,
Thursday, November 25, 1943
For Service Men^ By Service
.>f. ,
Tbrum *'' % He. Glfbrfet^irfS ' ■■ Always the Thftaksgiving sefison Imbues us with a deep satisfying warmth. No other holiday exemil^UtSes so concretely the great basic fact of ftur emotional national life;, i^h^tt ithe history. ol our nation is ope of' d'py^opment towai’ds concrete ideals. Along our course we have met hardships, we have met the foe Jmihe fo>m of native enemies, outsi^, (vaolatOiTs and nature herself, apd-*Always we have won out with a ’nfew star of idealism emblazoned o»i our flag., •'Unlike other nations, our history kkS hot been la series, of inane empty aeifrassertion or national boasting. ..Every struggle we have undertaken has been one additional atdP'imthe march .towards the freedom; equality, and general brotherhood that we have come to accept apour national conceptual symbols. Because nour . patriotism Jtas.. posSOi^ed this idealistic tincture, our national enthusiasm has n^t been more rah rah, hurray for us stuff, but a deep conviction of faith that has often urged on the religious. 'Thahksgiving, the holiday that Commemorates the conquest of nature by those first refugees from European persecution, restrictions and inequality; Thanksgiving, the historical Amei-ican holiday which was horn in the spirit of religious worship and has remained in our national life a symbol of man’s detejwnination to face everything in ins battle for ideals; Thanksgiving, ti^f religious levelpr of differences. “^'yes, that, more than anything, is the most concrete contribution of Thanksgiving (to our consciousness. It is the holiday when people of all faiths, and people of no fgithi unite in a "poetic, religious, r4|)^.Urous (call it what you will, depending on your convictions) appreeiation of ioint welfare. At this moment we become conscious of the innate unity of all of us, of the ar^iflciality of the differences according to which we are distinguished; and we join, as one people, as one nation, to thank some force beyond ourselves (giving to that force whatever name we prefer in line with our convictions) for the good that has been granted to all of Us, not just to each one of us singly. At this time we do npt question the form of the services rendered by the original Pilgrims. We do not inquire as to their specific Protestant denominational convictions; nor do y/e wonder whether the holiday should be celebrated in a Catholic or Jewish, Islamic or Buddhist manner. The holiday is beyond the differences that ever divide us. It is a cohesive force that eliminates upreal differences and binds us ever more as equal members of that supreme reality, the brotherhood of man. Thanksgiving is not unique in
this tespect. Every period of our lifq pees ithe people, within, our bovders disregarding origins of ceremonial practice, forgetting ritualistic differentations, and joining in exultations of national unity. Christmas, the season that epitomizes the truth of the world’s leading faith,'knows no boundaries of faith in our nation. It is truly a national holiday honored by all as the day to ,will “’Pe^ce, op earth. Good will towards men.” In times of crises like these it acquii'es added significance as the symbo), of our national determination to war to the end against those forces in the world ifhat Avouk to prevent, oui; “Christmas Ideal” from flowering. No less fervently religious idealistic are the holidays which owe none of their original birth to institutionalized religion. Armistice day, the day we now honor as a symbol of the ideals for which we flourish, has ever carried a fervor of solemnity and hope. Even a holiday such as Lincoln’s birthday is more to us than mere obeisance to our greatest all-time leader. It is a testimonial to the gains of a war, to the fact that our national union withstood the strains of internal dissension and came back better united and with a stronger faith in the equality of all peoples. Lincoln’s birthday will ever bring to mind the 13th and 14th amendments to our constitution which state in legal terms a national ideal of racial and human equality without which America would be America no more. The Fourth of July and Washington’s birthday—they, perhaps more than any other seasons in our national calendar, remind us of our great contributions to the world’s ideas; The Fourth of July, the Declarqtion of Independence, man’s ma^na eaita of freedom from unreasonable restraint and unnatural disci’imination. Washington’s bh’thday, a commemoration of our great revolution against a system of tyrannical privilege, a concrete memento of oui determination to oppose privilege, discrimination and oppression from the days of our national birth. Christmas, Armistice Day, Lincoln’s birthday, Washington’s’birthday and the Fourth of July! day of Thanksgiving we gi'i^e our thanks most of all that we have these holidays in our national history, that there exists in our national heritage these annual heralds of our conquests over tyranny, petty divisions, discriminations and oppressions. Lt. R. S. Steeh . . . pilot in the Troop Cariier Command, was killed in action in the invasion of Sicily July 12, according to woid received by his parents. Steeb was an engineering student at the University in 1935-36 and was employed by RCA in Indianapolis when he enlisted in March, 1942.
LEAGUE S'TANDING
Army Discharges Faculty Boyfling
For Unfitness
HoN Temporarily
Army discharges for men failing to fulfill the minimum requirements for physical service, begun last August when the limited service classification was eliminated, have been halted temporarily pending publication by the War Department of a new circular on the matter, according to the Ft. Dix Post. Both discharges and processing for discharge have been stopped. Limited service, as a classification, was eliminated on August 1 by War Department Circular No. 161. Limited service men, except for those in certain specified activities, were then given physical examinations and those not meeting ,the minimum standards for general service and not retained in service for other reasons were given discharges. Opportunities The object of the elimination of the limited service category, according to the War Department, Was to provide “broader opportunity for service among men now marked as limited service men.” Men scheduled for discharge who have not yet received their discharges will now have to qualify for discharge under the provisions of the pending circular.
Won
Lost
Agr, Extension
.... 19
8
Can. Stores ...jj,,,.
9
Animal Hueb
... 18
9
Poultry .. .......
.. 16
11
Gen. Engr
.... 16
11
Chemistry I
.... 16
11
Mech. Engr. I
.... 15.
12
Dairy .
..'15
12
Agr. Exp. Sta
. 16
12
Naval Tr. School ., .
.i 16
12
Agr. Chem. Il
16
12
Army II
... 16
12
Recitation .' . .,
. 16
12
Executive
15
12
English •
15
12
Agronomy
..u 14
13
Biology
. . 14
13
Elec. Engr
. 14
13
Army I
. 14
13
Pharmacy ....
. 13
14
Physic^
.. 12
15
Agr. Chem. I
... 12
16
Horticulture
... 11
16
Civil Engr
. 11
16
Agr. Engr
11
16
Physical Plant
... ir
16
Chemistry II
. . 10
17
Meeh. Engr. II
.. 10
17
Chem Engr
... 10
17
Agr. Chem. Ill
.. 10
17
Forestry ....
. . 9
18
Radio Engr
.. 8
19
Notices
Independent Students: PIA office is open eveiy afternoon fiom 4 to 5 p. m. for those who wish to procure membership^’* ^ —PERILLE Delta Tau d)elta: All Delts in the aimed forces stationed on the campus are invited to drop ovei at the house or call 5021 in the neai future so a get-together party can be planned. —THANKS Exponent: Mass meeting of all staffs on Thuisday, November 25, at 4'30 p m —MURPHY Chem 3, 4, 23: The condition exam will be given Saturday, November 27, at 1 p. m. in loom 233 of the Chem Annex'. Nobody admitted without card piopeily approved m advance —PEARCE AWS—House president’s council meeting Fiiday, Nov 20, at 4 p m in- loom 355 of the Union. Election of olhceis will be held. —LAFAZE Triton: Anyone interested in becoming a membei of Triton Club is invited to attend an open meeting Tuesday, Nov. 30, at 7 :lo in the Women’s gym —VOGELSANG Meredith Club: Business meeting in Home Economics building at 4 p. m. Monday, Nov. 29. loom lOfi. —DOSTER Catholic Students: Newman Club will' sponsor its fiist bieahfast of the current semester Sunday morning, Nov. 28, in St. Mary’s auditorium, immediately following the ‘) 30 a m Mass. You are all coidially invited Please come —ANDERSON Debris Junior Editors: Impoitant meeting at 4 p. m , Thuisday, Nov 25 Please bi there -- HECKARD Registration Workers; Students >\ho woiked foi the Registrar dining the Novomboi Rcgistiation may obtain their checks liy calling at the Registrar’s OH ice —STONE Gimlets: Thoie will be a meeting at 1 p. m. Saturday at the Phi Sigma Kappa house —BUTSCH
High Team Sets Agi-. Chem. HI, 2697; English, 2680; Executive, 2656; Physical Plant, 2606. High Individual Sets Knoll, 556; W. L. Clark, 543; Wykoff, 539; Stong, 537. High Team Games Agr. Chem. I, 928; Executive, 926; Agr. Chem. Ill, 921; Chemistry I, 920. High Individual Games Seaton, 2()6; Weimer, 206; W. L. Clark, 204; Liskey, 204. High Team Sets to Date Gen. Engr., 2880; Elec. Engr., 2816; Recitation, 2801; Executive, 2797. High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date Liskey, 613; Elliker, 608; Frost, 608; King, 604. High Team Games to Date Agr. Chem. I, 997; Physics, 995; Agi’. Chem. II, 994; Recitation, 994. High Weekly Ind. Games to Date Liskey, 236; Frost, 235; Enfield, 234; Catherwood, 231. High Ind. Ayer., 9 Games or Over Liskey, 176; Culp, 174; Enfield, 174; Lehker, 173; Frost, 172; W. L. Claik, 170; Wykoff, 169; Seal, 168; Hoefer, 168; Henderson, 167; P. B. Curtis, 167; Asher, 165; G. L. Brown, 165; Elliker, 165; Havercamp, 165; Sowders, 165.
A$T Patter ^ By T;^6 Morris Bettor THANKSGIVING, 1943 Whatever the holiday means to them. Thanksgiving will have at least a little more than the usual significance for those men who saw “Battle of Russia” the other day. It’s not a simple task to put into words just what impression the portrayal of the Soviet struggle might have made on the hearts and minds of those who saw the film. Nor is it a simple task to put the faith and resolve of 2O0 million people into words because words Come easy and take certain well-woin paths which destroy the implicit greatness and dignity behind the fight of any people against oppression. It is certain, however, .that, silent or uttered, there will be on this day, recognition and prayer for the people who eiifluied Leningrad; the army which defended Stalingrad; the guerillas who fought tirelessly at a thousand Nazi-occupied points and foi the women, children and old men who slaved at every conceivable task in the determination to annnhilate their oppressors. The story of Soviet suffrance- in this war is, essentially, the story of a winter-bound Continental Aimy which was fighting for freedom in its time. It is the stoiy of the Pilgrim settlers who, In the midst of their trialsome days, found time to establish this day of Thanksgiving. It is the story of the continuous fight for important ideals which underlies all of America’s history. While gratitude is almost always directed toward tangible things which comprise our day-to-day existence—like a good friend, a good meal, a family, a home or just being alive—all are enveloped in a bigger thing which we can call Freedom, the Declaration of Independence, the Atlantic Charter, if you like, or even allow it to go nameless. In these days, however, when the tangible things are temporarily put aside and, despite the favorable trend of the war, are still threatened by extermination, it is not amiss tp examine the bigger, nameless thing and offer unashamed and audible thanks for the forces >Yhich stand for its survival. Whether it was plan or chance that brought about the showing of “Battle of Russia” this week of Thanksgiving, it has served to re-enlphasize the realization that, with America, the Soviet Union is such a force.
FOR FURTHER SERVICE ^ The American soldier need only reflect but a moment to determine how concrete the Red Aimy Soldier’s contribtuion has been. It is no military secret that the millions of casualties inflicted on the Germans are just so many Nazis we will not have to account for. And in the pi-ecious time that the Russians have gained for us, it has been possible for the U. S. Army to set up programs such as ours to train and provide needed technicians for further service against a common foe. “Tyranny, like Hell," said Thomas Paine in his day, “is not easily conquered, yet we have thig consolation, the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. It is dearness only that gives everything its value. It would be strange indeed if so celestial an article as Freedom should not be highly rated.” To our Allied fighting comrades who are tirelessly helping to eradicate modern-day Fascist tyranny, to the Red Army soldier who seeks neither praise nor cynicism for his deeds, we extend both the intense gratitude and the honest handclasp of a brother-in-arms. The triumph will be glorious!
ODDS ’N’ ends Hats off to a young lady named Joanne who pours coffee each evening for the men in the right-hand line in the Union’s basement cafeteria. Along with each cup of coffee comes a smtle, a pleasant greeting- and a friendly disposition—something which we all appreciate. . . . Because civilian methods proved unsatisfactory, ASTudents at U of Minnesota will have to take their PE by the numbers—as they did back in camp. . . . The number of medical shots to be given GIs has been reduced. Altho the initial set of shots will be the same, the subsequent stimulating doses will be reduced from three to one. No mention, however, of the size of the new single dose. . . . University of Indiana (Poo-doo’s fiiendly rival) has a 700-yaid obstacle course with 20 separate events. lU also has a Doctor Miller but, unlike our Doc, lU’s Miller is supervisor of the Aimy PE piogram. . . . What’s this about a “be kind to 2nd lieutenant’s week?”
Major M. F. Patrick ^”'0" Sponsor Capt. Chas. A. Bales
Holiday Fest Dance
. . . former mechanical engineering student at the University, received his promotion to the rank of major in the Army Air Corps on his 24th birthday. Patrick is back in the United States after two years foreign service and is now stationed
at Great Bend, Kan.
ROOMS TO R The Easiest To Reach
In keeping with the holiday atmosphere, Student Union woikers have created a black silhouetted Thanksgiving backdrop for the South Ballroom, where Lowell Mead’s orchestra will play for the stags. Also from 8 to 12 p. m. Saturday, as usual, couples will be provided wi?h dance music by the “Five Men of Note,” playing in the North Ballroom. Social recreation cards will admit service men and passports or schedule cards will admit students. The Sweet Shop will remain open until midnight to provide refreshments for those who attend. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED"
. .. formerly with one of the steel companies at Gary, is now commanding officer of the ground electronics repair shop at San Diego, Cal., accoi-ding to a story appearing recently in a San Diego paper. Bales is a ’31 giaduate of the University in electrical engineering. Mrs. Bales,'daughter of Mrs. Kate Mitchell of South 20th street, Lafayette, was connected with the chief accountant’s office before hexmarriage.
1
Notice Military personnel on this post will observe “Be kind to second lieutenants week,” November 28 to December 4. —S. NAFU Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Wii|re^ Maine, P|it(|i^ From Richmond For Virginia C. Meredi^ In Richmond and vicinity a platoon of Waves is being recruited to honor the memory of the late Virginia C. Meredith, announced Lt. Commander W. A. Chapman, in charge of navy reci-uiting and induction in the Indiana area. Mrs. Meredith, a native of Wayne county, spent much of her life near Richmond, living for many years at Oakland farm near Cambridge City. For years Mrs. Meredith was a leader in agriculture and home economics work in the state and nation. She was the first woman to be on the Board of Trustees of the University, holding that position from 1921 until her death, Decenn/ber 10, 1936. Student Union To Hold Callouts November^ Freshmen and sophomores who ai-e interested in Student Union activities can learn more about them at the Union callout in the Student Union office at 4:15 Monday. The Student Union manages the Student Book Exchange, sells war stamps and arranges teas and 'receptions, in addition to many other activities. Positions on the junior board are open to ambitious workers at the end of their sophomore year. Junior and senior board positions are filled by petition. The Student Union office is located on the second floor of the Union Building. Dean A. A. Potter To Speak Before Alumni Club Dec. 2 Dean A. A. Potter of the Engineering School will make his annual appearance before the University Alumni Club of New Yoi-k for the 24th year on December 2. The club will observe “President’s Night,” in which it honors University men who have headed the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Others to be honored are W. L. Batt, W. A. Hanley and Robert Gates. Lt. Col. Geo. Lydick . . . mechanical engineering graduate of the University, received his promotion to the rank of lieutenant colonel recently at Camp Carson, Colo., where he is in command of a field artilley battalion.
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, puns, lugpage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Orticc, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeogiaph woik done C P. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Wanted to Rent—Garage near Union. Robert Shoemaker, Co E, Union building.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
We are the Official Representative 0K-0F-TH[-M0KTH CLUB
Latest fiction at considerable savings in price through the "club” purchasing plan. NO COST TO ENROLL Let us explain how simply the plan works . . . to save you money on books you would probably buy anyway at regular price. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union Builclins
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40>», *5^ \
mge 4
% v;^ ‘ V V ^ -VST^
\
, i,'‘
ISoUemi^er 'M '"^
Michigan Tops Big Ten New Riveter Tank In Final Grid Statistics ?"*L'^']" Although Michigan and the Boilermakers tied for Western NYC rl66l jClIGdUlC
Conference football honors with six victories apiece, the Wol-
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Seventeen Gridmen
r
Join Hardwood Squad
LOOKING OVER THE RECORDS
Looking back over some of the performances in the Big Ten for the ,. p .i j nnseason just completed, we find that there were only four passers who With a delay in the erection of the hardw averaged 41 or more yards a game via the air route. The list was led by avoidable interruptions on the part of the many PE Classes,
verines topped the Boilermakers on, both offense and defense, ^^^eh Sfbein wm-idng oiunX Hoemschemeyer with an average of 99.8 yards gained per Coach Lambert’s recruits for the coming net season are not Michigan held the statistical lead over most of the season but Universitv nooi is shanine un sur Northwestern s Otto Graham, followed by Stephens of mounding into shape as early as in previous years. Also reMicnigan neia tne statistical leaa ovei most ox tne season out Umveisity pool is shaping up sui- Riveter’s Sam Vacanti was the fourth man, with an average it nf a rpo-nlar ^onad is‘the Burnham’s boys dropped out of second place during its terrific prismgly well, according to tank y^i-jj^ge of 41.6 per game. sponsible for the late development of a regular squaa
battle with Indiana in the final game of the campaign. As a Papenguth. The new
dolphins, who are mostly Navy and
result. Northwestern went into second place on offense and third on defense while the surprising young Hoosiers took second spot for defense. However the Wildcats’ margin over the Boilermakers is only one yard while on defense Northwestern, Indiana and the Riveters are bunched
within a six-yard total. Illini Gain Most on Michigan
Grapplers Work In Practice Sessions, Speed Conditioning
other statistics show that the Boilermakers were the most penalized team in the Conference, averaging 60 yards per game. Ohio State and Iowa were penalized the least, receiving only a 24 yard average loss per game. Also the Riveters had the shortest punting average of any squad, getting but 28.8 yards per attempt. Those two blocked punts in the Illinois game were what knocked the old average down. Michigan led in punting,
averaging 40 yards per tiy.
Statistics or no stataistics, the boys came through the season untied and
guth is trying to replace last year s un^jefeated and that’s what counts. However, other figures are much record-breaking Heidke wth sonie favor of the Boilermakers; we only mentioned the more interest-
ing and surprising.
Marine trainees, are preparing for a five-meet schedule which will be decided upon next month in Chi-
cago.
Prospects are fair in all events but the breast stroke, where Papen-
converted free-stylers. The outstanding sprinters are expected to be Salmon, Perry and Porter; back stroke will be taken care of by Nel-
ton and Cumming; distance swim-
Coach Claude Reeck hasn’t wast-
ed any time in preparing this year’s
Michigan compiled a remarkable »~stlmg sqnad^ He bepn with Korjohn, H.mting record, averaging 376 yards per ^ light woikout Monday night. The ^ _ ^ ^ ,
game while holding its opponents workouts this week have been limto an average of only 131. Illinois, ited to just a few fundamentals, with its scatbacks, was the only with the purpose being that the
Conterence team able to make 200 h.ye^wiiim.etm these prmciplea ^ ^
ing situation well in hand.
fact that the new additions from the football team have not commenced basketball practice unti| this w^ek. These men are confronted with the not too simple task of switching from the pigskin to the hard-
wood.
“Of course,” explained the Boil-
Season tickets for the Boilermak- ermaker mentor, “a football player er attractive 11-game home basket- going out for basketball always ball schedule will be offered to the looks bad at first. It takes time to
Ticket Sales Announced By C. S. Doan
Papenguth’s best prospect
yards on the Wolverines, and Michigan halted Wisconsin and Minne- holds.
sota with less than 100 net. The As soon as these principles are average first downs per game tells well in mind Coach Reeck plans to a brief but clear story of the Con- an all-campus tournament in ferencerace. The Wolverines made oi’der to give these boys a little 15 first downs to their opponents’ competitive experience before the average of eight; the Boilermakers regular season gets'under way. The 12 to 9, and Northwestern 12 to 8. entrants in these matches will be The only oddity in first downs shows Paired according to size and expe-
Indiana, in a won-and-lost tie for rience.
OTHER FIELDS TO CONQUER •
Now that the gridiion season is over, most of the fellows have turned general public at the bargain late get in shape for one sport after to basketball or wrestling. We understand that big Mike Kasap and his iricluding tax, it was recently training for another. ’ “buddy”, Dick Barwegen, have reported for the wrestling squad. Speak- announced by C. S. Doan, manager Of the 17 football men who re-
mers include Hansel, Lyon, Brogan Mike, an inebriate, quite partisan to Indiana, was near us during ticket sales, as he officially ported to Coach Lambert this Monand Lawson. Bower, who is rated game last Saturday, and he did nothing but howl about how unfair opened the advance mail ^rder sale, day, oill;^' Lodge and Haag have
Purdue was because they had two guys playing the same position in the It was announced at the same had experience in playing for the line and both wearing No. 64. When Mike puts a football uniform on over time that a standard price of $1, in- University. These men have been that 240 pounds of his, he looks like two men, drunk or sober. eluding tax, has been established as regulars on the freshman squad last
Pictures of that much discussed battle will be shown to the public as the single game admission. Pur- season, soon as they return from being developed, according to Elmer Burnham, chasers of season tickets will make This should be some time next week. a saving of $8 far the schedule as
a whole, in addition to being as-
A SOLID GOLD “P” FOR THE CHAIN sured seats in preferential loca-
Hahnenstein Heads YWCA
fourth place, outclassing their op-
The Riveters’ card this season
YWCA elections held yesterday resulted in the choice of Doris Hahnenstein, president; Mary Ann Click, Delta Gamma, secretary, and Betty Joyce Hughes, Alpha Xi Del-
ta, treasurer.
Announcement was made that any girls interested in becoming members of the YWCA cabinet should submit petitions immediately. These petitions should be in
stating the ap-
plicants’ reasons for wanting to be considered. They must be handed in at the west desk of the Union
Tuesday noon, at the Lafayette Rotary Club luncheon. Pop Doan told tions. how back in 1929, when the Boilermakers won both the Conference and The complete home basketball the “bucket”, a sold gold “P” was added to the chain. He explained that schedule follows:
Other net aspirants from the football squad are: Mihal, Tatek, Flint, Rose, Parker, Hoffman, Shrenk, Vacanti, Dillion, Laskin, Schultz, Elliott, Halpan, Gerker,
Mullen and Byrd.
ponents 15 first downs to 7. How- will contain from six to eight meets, ever, the Hoosiers played some of Most of these meets will be staged the season’s tightest games, losing home in view of the fact that by one touchdown to the Riveters the Boilermakers have been on the and Northwestern, beating Ohio load for the past few years. The State in the last 35 seconds and be- matches will be free to all, and stuing tied by Iowa. Michigan was dents are eneburaged to attend. In
the only opponent to completely addition to this the home meets will form of letteri
dominate the Hoosiers. enable service men to wrestle since Minnesota, which made a stiong they would not be able to get leave
finish to tie Indiana, took fourth to go on the road.
place on offense and sixth on de- To Organize Army Team q p tomorrow night, fense. Illinois stood sixth and Velmar Davis, one of the stars Installation of the new officers eighth and Ohio State seventh on season’s squad, is planning will not take place until cabinet attack and last on defense. Iowa to organize an all-Army team members have been selected,
which didn’t win a game, neverthe- -^yhich will furnish the regular less was fifth on defense, while Wis- gquad with a good deal of competiconsin was last on offense, averag- fjon throughout the season. ' This ing only 141 yards per game. The inovation will permit the -Army Badgers were the only team against ^^en to participate in the sport,
which opponents completed .500 per cent of their forward passes, while Michigan and the Boilermakers allowed their rivals to complete only three out of ten attempted passes.
Michigan Superior Again
Michigan averaged the most rushes per game, 61; it punted on an average of only four times per game and then for 40 yards to top the Conference in the booting department. To top off their superiority, the Wolverines scored 207 points to lead the Riveteis by 92 and allowed only 32 points to all oppo-
he still had three dollars left over from the collection taken to purchase that “P”, and he thought that since the Boilermakers had made the same kind of a record this season, another sold gold “P” should be added. Rotary members willingly contributed, and if the gold can be obtained, the new link will soon be made. However, Pop explained that the government might not want to part with their gold at the present time, and if this were so, he would put the money in War Bonds until the gold is released.
-Greencastle Naval Pre-
Dec. 11Flight.
. Dec. 15—DePauw.
Jan. '3—Notre Dame.
Jan. 8—Indiana. Jan. 14—Minnesota. Jan. 15—Minnesota. Jan. 21—Michigan. Jan. 22—Michigan. Feb. 11—Wabash.
Feb. 14—Gieat Lakes. Feb. 26—Northwestern.
Convo
IM Schedules
Pres. Elliott To Preside At Meeting Of ASME In 'The Empire City' University will again have a piominent part in the annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, which will be held in New York November 29 to
nents. Northwestern was second December 3. President E. C. Elliott
in scoring with 170 points while Illinois was fourth and the only other team to get more than 100 points. 'Pursuit Of Happiness' Cast Smooths Out Dec. 9 To 12 Performances By Peg Steffes Playshop’s production of “The Pursuit of Happiness,” scheduled for December 9, 10 and 11 with a service men’s performance on the 12th, is beginning to take shape under the observing eye of Call Cass, director. Last night we watched the first act cast stumble through a sketchy scene upon the barren stage of Eliza Fowler Hall. Allen Don, George Booth and Bill Clemens are all believable chaiacteis in a drinking scene in which they happily gulp air to the tune of “guzzle, guzzle” sound effects—ad libbed by Don. Marvin Barab makes a convincing negro servant as he bieathlessly announces the coming of Max Christmann in the peison of Geoige Sykes. Sykes, who is well grounded for fnilitaiy roles, will probably turn in as polished a “Max” as his “Col. Lanser” in the spiing performance of “The Moon Is Down.” Marge Thoms was desperately learning her Prudence lines backstage while waiting for cues; however, she has already prettily mas,tered the Bostonian cuitsy which she and Lois Jane Vaughn, as Comfort Kirkland, use throughout the play. Betty Lynch pulled the only boner er worth mentioning. One of her lines as Meg, the servant girl, read: “It don’t do no good to get in bad with the reverend.” However, in a clear voice she only too truly chimed out: “It don’t do no good to get in bed with the reverend,”—a subtle hint to her character. Season coupon books are now on sale for $1.50 at the Playshop' office in Fowler Hall daily fiom 1 to 6 p. m. Salesmen are also covering various departments of the University.
will preside as toastmaster.
China . . .
Kuomsngtang Plans China's Destiny Three events stand out promi-
nently in contemporary Chinese history. In each case the Kuomingtang, or the Chinese Nationalist party, was and is the source of wisdom, strength and leadership. These
events in chronological order are: (1) The overthrow of the Man-
chu regime in 1911 in favor of a re-
publican form of government. (2) The eradication of warlords
in 1926-27 and without the removal of provincialism in the interest of
domestic unification.
SPUTTERINGS
Riveter basketball has long been noted for its race-horse style, but several navy and marine transfers trying out for the squad, who have previously played wrth other schools, were heard to remark, “These guys have the Conference title cinched; nobody else can keep up with them.” . . . Pop Doan has completed his twenty-sixth football season with the Riv-
eters. . . . We would like to see the members of the football squad draw Inter-Fraternity Basketball
up an “all-opposition” team. . . . Bumps Elliott’s brother, Peter, has been preked for the 1943 all-Illinors high school honor team. He is a quarterback. . . . Loyola and Butler have already dropped basketball for the forthcoming season. . . . DePaiil opens against Chicago Navy Pier Friday. . . . Franklin and Marshall, Joe Hersch’s alma mater, is among the nation’s undefeated this season.. . . The Boilermakers blanked four teams during their schedule—Marquette, Camp Grant, Wisconsin and Indiana.
Triangle 22, Chi Alpha 18. Sigma Chi 44, Sigma Alpha Mu
(Continued from page 1) L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, was then questioned concerning organizational dances in the Union. He answered that Friday night dances would be the solution. Union banquets were not possible due to the shortage of help, he said. In conclusion President Elliott hoped that future gripe sessions of this nature might be possible. “I will concede,” he said, “that many good questions and arguments have been raised, but I will hope that the jury will find the many who stole the horse not guilty.”
12.
18.
Delta Tail Delta 23, Lambda Pi Softball
T> u j ivT X ,nr, ^ (3) The momentous decisions m Robeit M. Gates, ’07, and pres- . - , t _ o. , , face of relentless Japanese en-
ident of the Supei heater Corpoiation in New York, will be inaugurated as president of the society on December 1, He will be the fourth president of the society from this University, which is the largest organization of engineers in the woild. The other leaders from this school were W. L. Batt, ’07; W. A. Henley, ’ll, and Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering. Pi of. Haiiy L. Solberg will present a paper on “Effect of Steam Temperature up to 1200 Degrees on
croachments after September, 1931, to launch a nationwide war of resistance in 1937 foi the sake of national security. The fi'nal aim of China’s nationbuilding endeavois thioughout the last half century can be summed up thus: internally, modernization and unification; externally, independence and a place of honor and equality among the nations. As the Manchus and the warlords who followed them stood in the way of China’s
A. Smith Heads PTA Committee
Dr. A. A. Smith was appointed chairman of the state committee for character and spiiitual education of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teacheis at a recent meeting. Dr .Smith is connected with the division of education and applied
psychology of the University. Carnegie Group Elects Elliott To Cfiairmansfilp
Newly elected chairman of the Boaid of Trustees of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching is Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University. Going east to attend the board meeting. Dr;
PIA Opens Series Of Ten Beginning Dance Lessons Next Monday Afternoon Senes of ten beginning dance lessons sponsored by the PIA will begin Monday. The classes will be conducted by Pearl Allen each Monday afternoon fron;i 4 to 5:15 in both faculty lounges in the Union. Afternoon classes are being held in order that seivice men may attend. Eveiy man must be a member of the PIA to be eligible. Members must pay the regular fee of $2.50. Girls who are members will be admitted free, but girl non-members will be charged $1. neers in New York Wednesday
Delta Upsllon 43, Alpha Sigma
Phi 26.
Beta Theta Pi 42, Theta Chi 22. Kappa Sigma 20, Pi Kappa Phi
18.
Beta Sigma Psi 15, Phi Sigma Theta 14. Acacia 24, Sigma Nu 22.
. . . tournament held during last intersession was won by the Delts. In the play-off game the Delt? defeated the ATO-Phi Sigma Kappa 8-7. Buy War Bonds
„ . j, r.x , ,, rr,, move towaid her domestic objective. Corrosion of Steel.” This paper ,, x, , i x i ,
‘ they were ruthlessly struck down.
Elliott also attended the meeting of December 1, when Robert M
the Purciue Alumni Club in New York last Wednesday night, where
was prepaied in conjunction with Di. George A. Hawkins and J. T.
Agnew.
Similarly, as Japan blocks China’s load to full nationhood and sovereignity she will have to be beaten down too. These two phases of China’s gigantic task are inter-re-lated. The country has to be unified so as to pave the giound for mod-
Photogiaplm of the personnel of einization, but befoie a progressive,
piosperoiis and powerful nation can be built up internal hindrances must
be removed.
he spoke. Dr. Elliott is scheduled to preside at the annual banquet of the American Society of Mechanical Engi-
Gates, Purdue ’07, is inaugurated as president of the society for the
coming year.
Buy War Bonds
Graduates Pictured In Dairy Councilor
the United Daiiy Pioducts Company, appealing in the October issue of the Daily Councilor, include seveial giaduates of the University in the School of Home Economics. They are Eleanor Clark, ’43; Jean Bailey, ’39; Ruth Zimmerman, ’40, and Margueiite Downing,
’33.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
%oiv! to Purdue Exponent Sub&eription to be mailed 16 weeks $1.60 Subscription to be mailed 12 weeks $1.20 Regular subscription 16 weeks $1.25 Regular subscription 12 weeks $ .95 Name Address ■. Where delivered to
Date
16 weeks []]] 12 M'eeks | | (Check one)
Clip coupon and return to Exponent Office in sub-basement of Union
VliSIINinON MERRY-QO- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented Importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying,' interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for It in the PURDUE EXPONENT
ix
;;
BURTON’S POPLIN TIES
The favorite neckwear of millions of better dressed men year after year. They're tops for style . . . wearability . . . qnd have that touch of American personality. See our choice selection — today. Always be certain—give Burton's Poplin.
Beau Brummell 4Fold Uniform Tie for the Armed Forces
Black or Official OD Khaki Fabric and Color
$1
Men’s Slio[i — Streel Floor
- J;\