w;f"^ jf'7'7v/77^ - J ^ ^ , C -.
jk y,
.7'4'* ' 7,7 ^ 77 ^ !»’ V
Summer Scission Edition
\i
Ji'yh
Puriu t ISxaanent
Student Newspaper Of Purdue University
VCJtUME ONE
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JULY 22, 1937
NUMBER ElGXnr
Df, AUyn WiU Lecture Here On Reptiles
1,500 Feet of Moving Pictures Will Illustrate Snake Talk July 30
“Studies On Venomous Reptiles Of Indiana” will be the subject of Dr. William P. Allyn, Purdue graduate, now a member of the faculty at State 5 Teachers College, Terre Haute, at an illustrated lecture in the Faculty Loiinge of the Union Building Friday, July 30!"
Dr. Allyn will bring with him a number of stationary colored pictures and about 1,500 feet of moving pictures which he will use as illustrations in his talk. Speciaf reference will be given to feeding habits of the snakes.
Probably the foremost authority on reptiles in Indiana, Dr. Allyn has just completed an article for the periodical “Proceedings Of The Indiana Academy Of Science.”
Civil Engineers Find Many Uses For Field Equipment
By Kenneth Houston Exponent Staff Correspondent Ross Camp, July 21—^When^the engineers at Ross Camp take to the field, they really go prepared.
In case you doubt this, look at the list of eqpaipment for the six-man parties running a preliminary line; transit, two tripods, plumb Sob, reading glass, field book, 100-foot steel tape, one set of chaining pins, two chaining bobs, two range poles, two hatchets, red keel, tacks, two bags of stakes, scratch pad, textbook, level, levelrod with target, level note book, turning pemt, some ten penny nails, and many other items more for personal comfort than for work, such as canteens, sun helmets, raincoats, etc.
Serves Many Purposes
Each article on this list serves many definite purposes in the field— some orthodox, others not. The transit and level, or guns as they are more commonly called, are used for but one thing—^work. The reasop for this being that the two instruments together are worth nearly a thousand dollars.
One axiom to the man with an instrument is always to be certain that his instrument is on top if he should slip and fall down a hill, never on the bottom as the instrument might be injured.
A Waker-Upper
The reading glass, while it is supposed to be used in reading angles on a transit, when properly focused, provides an excellent means for waking a fellow loafer in the field, and a chaining bob makes a noteworthy substitute for a sling shot. Along the same lines, a range pole can easily be used for a spear. A red keel, a fancy name for a red crayon, has a widely varied use, ^ depending entirely 6n the artist wielding it.
Since this list of equipment serves for only one of the many jobs accomplished during the nine weeks of camp, it is e&sy to see that the orthodox and the not quite so orthodox uses of equipment runs into a cansiderable number.
WBAA
-TODAY-
11 !00—Soap Box Derby BroadcastGrant Street Hill. 11:80~f‘nrdue ]JIeW8 Plashes. 12:00—Give Us A Song. 12:16—^liuncheon Dance Time. 12:80—Soap Box Derby Broadcast. 12;46—Market & Weather Eeports. 1:00—Araene Summers—contralto. vl:16—Rosemary Robinson—pianist. 1:80—Soap Box Derby Broadcast. 1:46—Chats wi]fch the Rtousewife, 2:00—Boyd Quartette. 2 !l6—Radjo Tro.TOl ^viaw, 2:80—Soap Box Derby Broadcasb 2:46—Tune Tipa*
Reptile Authority
Dr. William Allyn
Kizer Shows
Improvement
Noble Kizer,-head football coach and athletic director of the University, continued to show definite improvement yesterday, St. Elizabeth hospital authorities reported last night.
Kizer’s improvement leads to hope for a successful recovery from a cerebral attack brought on by nephritis Sunday afternoon. His pulse was reported much stronger, and he
was able |o talk freely. His semi conscious condition^ is rapidly pass-
ing away.
Betty McKee Stars As Outdoor Comedy Ends Summer Plays
About 1,500 person attended the final Summer Session outdoor play in Ross-Ade stadium last Thursday evening.
Betty McKee, in her portrayal of the small town girl who goes away to college, turned in an excellent performance as the major character in Anne Weatherly’s comedy “The Full Circle.” She was assisted by Prof. George Cummins, J6e Martin, Jean Mangold, and Harry Darling, Jr.
During one intermission, Jean Marshall, of Lafayette, played “Bells of St. Mary’s,” “Evening Star,” and “Aloha” on a vibraphone.
University Men Get Appointments To Reserve Corps
U. S. army reserve corps appointmei^ts welre recently accepted by a nui^ber of University graduates following application to the war department at Washington. The list of new appointees includes:
Second lieutenants, field artillery: Richard F. Carton, Earl Park; William S. Chancellor, Mardis C. Compton, Donald Farquharson, Kenneth Forsell, Albert F. Ganier, West Lafayette; Samuel P. Davis, Frederick Dieterle, Lafayette; Harold Geder, William W. Hodgdon, William T. Hooper, Jr., Charles S. Howe, West Lafayette.
William C. Hunter, Williamsport; Gordon Iddles, West Lafayette; Barnard F. Johnson, Mulberry; Frank Harrington Justin, Charles L. Klaiber, Edward P. Krebs, William Griffis Logan, John C, Lome, Marian E. Love, West Lafayette; Eugene S. Lowman, Mulberry; and Webster F. Luginbill, West Lafayette.
Mrs. Trueblood Accepts Position At Mishawaku
Mrs. Mary Tlrqeblood Swickard has accepted the position of teaching foods in the high school at Mishawaka, beginning l^eptemb^r 1. Mrs. Swickard graduated in 1031 from the school of home econoRiics, and has been^n the University the past semester" working on her master’s degree.
Shortage Of Film Stops Action On Purdue Movie; Cast Gets Vacation
(Editor’s Note: Following are impressions of the shooting: of Pnrdne’s first movie, on a Klondike farm, as recorded by the notes of Patricia Heine, production managrer. Barring: any fnrtiier unforeseen delays, the movie will be shown at Ross-Ade Stadium Thursday evening:, July 29.)
By Particia Heine “Moo-oo-oo.” The moans of the Brandstetter holsteins followed Daisy Belle as she left the pasture.
She tosspd her head as if to say, “They’re just jealous; they want to be stars too.”
Everyone agreed—^that is, all but one, who dared to suggest that perhaps the cows only wanted the corn that Daisy received between shots.
Dupree grabbed Daisy’s halter and gently led her down the road. (Is that why they^call you “leading man,” Joe?)
Thus was begun the march to the first location of Tuesday’s shooting.
The first scene went over with a bang. Marjorie Bayne slapped Hank Miller so realistically that he registered pain, and even a little horror, without any acting on his part.
Patch Up Quarrel They patched up their ..quarrel during a tender scene beneath a low fruit tree. ' ^
There were no serious casualties in the morning’s shootings. Daisy Belle behaved like a lady; she even forgot to be temperamental.
About noon the big fight was staged. Brotherton was to fake a jab at Dupree, who was to yell, “Hey!” Rehearsal after rehearsal was held. Carmichael blew his whistle, the signal for action. The fight began. Dimree dashed up ready for action tu receive the fake blow.
Boy, what a sock! The sound of the punch was picked up by the mike 10 feet away. Dupree wasted no time in falling to the ground. He even forgot to yell, “Hey!” “Cut,” called the director, “That was great.”
Forgot My Line Dupree objected from his prostrate position,_“I forgot my line.”
“That’s all right. You’ve changed all your dialogue so far—let’s jee . .. we’ll take one more shot. Is the dummy dressed ? Brotherton, do you have any other clothes? We need those. Judd, this is a scene of Dupree leading Daisy Belle with the dummy tied onto her tail. Worcester, you take care of Daisy.”
Worcester obediently led the
guernsey to the side of the road and fed her everything from poison ivy to milk-weed.
“I tell you, I’ve got a way with the women,” he said. “Yes, as long as you’re feedihg ’em,” that was one of John Ditamore’s unusual remarks.
“Here are the clothes.” Brotherton stepped from the privacy of the auto dressing room, clad only in a beard and bathing trunks.
“O. K. What about shoes?” Hey, you in the brown..trousers, will you loan us your shoes for about five minutes?”
The visitor acquiesced. “Dupree, tie his feet to the cow’s tail while I paint a face on him.” .... Dummy Looks Intelligent The dummy actually looked intelligent after Carmichael’s work of art. {
“Now, Dupree, lead Daisy down the road. No practice; she might get excited. O. K., Ditamore ? O. K., Judd? 0. K., Dupree?”
The whistle sounded once more.
Surprisingly little time was spent in preparing the lunch. Yeager handed out the plates. Herrick poured the lemonade. Professor Rising served the ice-cream. Everybody ate —even the dummy did.
After lunch the shooting was fast and furious, in order to be done in time to film the 3:56 train out of Lafayette.
Close-up of Mary on tracks. Scene of Bob coming through field. Closeup of Mary on tracks. Shot of Bob sprawling into ditch. Close-up of Marjr on tracks.' Glimpse of Bob climbing over fence. Close-up of Mary on tracks. Scene of Bob arriving at-tracks.
Search For Films Ten minutes of 4 o’clock. Everyone rushed around like mad, making sequence signs, running out an unfinished film, adjusting position of camera, preparing to reload. Then came the search for the new film. But, no, it wasn’t there. Carmichael became excited for the first time. “But, where?” You’re sure all of these have been used?” “Positive,” came Rising’s definite reply. “There’s nothing to do but pack up and go back to town.” “HereWmes the train.” The mad group of movie fanatics gathered at the crossing and hurled hoots and curses at,the completely guiltless 3:56 as it sped by.
Strange Bedfellows, Weak-Kneed Cots Keep ROTCBarrack In Uproar
By J. E. Brock Managing Editor, The Exponent
Fort Knox, Ky., July 21—^Last night when I came back to the barracks from the “canteen” where I had been boreassing with a young enlisted man who was telling me about truck driving when I was trying to listen to the radio (he’s a fine fellow, though) I found all the boys in an uproar.
“Go upstairs in the first barracks. Oh, boy, it’s a honey,” they advised. They were right. It was a honey! The boys (known officially as They) had**taken advantage of Ronnie Harte’s and “Junior” Harper’s absence in Louisville to" take their “shelter halves” and pitch a tent in the middle of the barracks floor.
You see, it takes tivo of these shelter halves, one of which is issued to each boy, to make 6ne of these “pup tents.” Well, they had done a good job of pitching. They could not drive tent pegs into the wood floor so they had used nails.
We Want To Be Alone Harte’s and Harper’s matress and bedding had been carefully laid inside the tent and r little ndte had been attached to the tent pole. It read; “Dear Captain, We are camping out so that we can be alone. (Signed) Ronnie and Junior. P.
We’ll have our breakfast in-bed about 9:30.”
After I finished laughing at the sight, I hurried down to my own bunk just before “lights out.l’,When I got in bed, I felt something crawling around my feet. Before my curiosity had d good chance to get aroused, I was really aroused by one awful pinch.
I jerked my foot from the bed and inspected it with the aid of a match. A giant pinching bug had me by the ankle. I did a lot of yelling and jumping and things before it was dislodged. It was an unusually big bug.
And then after the snickers had died out and I had almost got to sleep. Bill Lewis came in from a date and sat on his bed to remove his shoes. He sat down harder than he thought—^in fact all the way to the floor, for the legs of his bed had been halfway folded. More fun.
Then Carl Yngve came in to find his trunk locker on his bed. T^hat wasn’t so bad, but when Bill Wilhelm came in and tried to sleep on two brooms placed in his bed, it broke loose again. It didn't completely die down until way after “bed check,” for Captain Ij^ercy Thompson was quite a bit disconcerted to find Le’frke giggling hysterically as he feigned sleep.
Listen To Those Cats A-Swinging
A1 Katz
A1 Katz And His Kittens Play At Mixer Tomorrow
“Those cats are certainly a-swing-ing!” ie the expression that has arisen from the music of A1 Katz and his Kittens who play for tomorrow night’s mixer in th^ bfllroom of the Memorial Union Building.
The dance lasts from 9 to 12 p. m. and the admission price is the usual $1.00.
Katz has just completed an engagement in the Arcadia ballroom on Broadway in New York City and will stop here on his way westward. According to officials of the Student Union, this is the most popular orchestra ever engaged for a Summer Session mixer.
Under Katz’s leadership the band played for three years at the Hollywood restaurant in New York City.
The group has appeared on both the NBC and the CBS radio chains, and has broadcast on the Lucky Strike program.
Tomorrow’s mixer is the third of the current Summer Session, The fourth and last dance will be held August 6.
Ross Camp" Outfit Plays Local B^ll Team Here Today
Continuing their suipmef rivalry, Ross Camp and the Summer -Session hardball nine meet on the University diamond at Intramural Field this afternoon qt 4 o’clock. At present the two teams are tied with one victory apiece.
The Summer Session outfit travels to Ross Camp a week from today for another engagement. The series will last during the remainder of summer school, games being played here and there on alternate weeks.
WBAA Broadcasts
Box Derby Today
This afternoon, WBAA will broadcast the third annual soapbox derby sponsored by the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and to be held on Nbrth Grant street. The races, under the supervision of Abie Masters, coach of Jefferson High School, will be decided by elimination races between two cars at a time.
The races have been divided into two classes and the winner of each class will cornpete to determine the champion racer. Gil Hutton and Bob Heine will announce the events at four different periods, 11:00, 12:30, 1:30, and 2;;30. Besides these programs the local station will announce the final race and the presenation of awaxds.
PUBLICATION DATES ,
Exponents'will be published weekly during the remainder of the Summer Session* on July 29 and August S and 12J
64 Stations Carry Campus NBC Program
University Speakers, Musicians Appear on Farm And Home Hour
Sixty-four broadcasting stations over the nation participated in the National Farm and Home Hour program originating on the University campus yesterday from 11:30 to 12:30 and sent out over the NBCBlue nework.
University speakers on the broadcast included President E. C.%llibtt; Dean, J. H. Skinner, of the school of agriculture; T. A. Coleman, assistant director of agricultural extension; H. J. Reed, assistant director of the experiment station; V. C. Freeman,^ asi^istant dean of agriculture; and Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of home economics. Hassil Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, also talked on the program.
Sommer Choros Sings Musical features were contributed to the program bythe Summer Session chorus of 40 voices, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and by Fred Baase, University junior from Indianapolis, on his xylophone. Singing of “On The Banks Of The Wabash” opened the musical Ifirogram, while “Hail Purdue” closed it.
Yesterday’s broadcast was another in the monthly series featured on the Farm and Home Hour from various land grant colleges established under the provisions, of the Land Grant Act of 1$62.
Students, Faculty Engage In Games On Green Today
Six badminton courts, a couple of volleyball courts, and miscellaneous athletic equipment wUI be available for the third Games on the Gr^n program this afternoon on Stuart Field, Prof. M. L. Clevett, director of Intramural athletics, announced last night. The affair will last from 6:30 o’clock until dark.
Games on the Greenware sponsored jointly by the Intramural department and ^the department Of physical education- for women. All students and faculty members are invited to participate.
QiE Student Softball ^ iVifie Takes Third Win From Facultx Players
Chalking up their third straight victory over the chemical engineering faculty softball team, the chemical student nine came through with a 5-0 win in a seven-inning game on Stuart Field yesterday afternoon. Ashkenaz was the winning hurler*
This afternoon the chemical students face the Alton Boxboard combination, and Sunday they travel to Remington to play in a tournament.
Remmors Leave Next Week Fop Wa$liiiigtoi|
Dr. H. H. Reanmers, director qJt (;he division of educational refers ence, will go to Washington* D. C.* July 29 and 30, to confer with ^ho director of the CCO Study cst tho American Youth Commission of tbo American Council on Education* on, plans for a re-testing prograon an a part of the study of the sodil and educational aspects of the CCC."
M
'J
Johnstons Go To €madiit
Mr. and Mrs. T. R* Johnston are leaving this morniiig with their twe children* Mary andrDavid* for a day to two-weeka vacatiwi ada. Johnston #[eotor of lie information for Urn Unirensdty* -fcfi . I*'"!' K
-fTS'r y^i:^
Stf.'
'V, r,
t}r?7f\Tr’
, i-H
:l'l: «A
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXP.j^m'
Thursday, July 22,1937 ’ ^4
®|>e ^^ttrbue exponent
Fonnded in 1883
I
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Main Office—312 North Fifth Street Phone 6037
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, p79, ana at the Special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Uctober 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session. R. Paul Manion Editor-in-Chief David C. Miller Business Manager Thursday, July 22, 1937
NEWS since SUNDAY
Washington Elected yesterday by a margin oi one vote, Senator Alben W. Barkley, of Kentucky, became the leader oi the Democratic senate machine to fill the boots of the late Senator Joe T. Robinson, today. Pledged the cooperation of his defeated opponent. Senator Pat Harrison, of Mississippi, Senator Barkley will take over the reins and try to establish harmony in one of the most powerful as well as rebellious Democratic senate majorities since the post war administration of President Wilson. An “ever normal” granary bill was introduced into the house Tuesday. It would authorize the government to fix a marketing quota for farm crops, penalize unplanned overproduction by denying soil conservation benefit payments and fixing a processing tax on products of which there was an oversupply. President Roosevelt signed a flood relief bill Tuesday appropriating $194,536,063. Jeffersonville, Clarksville and Lawrenceburg, Ind., were allotted a total of $4,450,000 for floodwalls and levee projects. The chief executive also stated that the Navy’s search for Amelia Earhart cost the government nothing extra. Rumors were about that the expenditure would be investigated. Meanwhile Commerce department officials doubted if permission would be granted Jimmie Mattern to make a North Pole flight to Moscow, or Howard Huches and Dick Merrill who want to make world flights. Labor Aided by a double dues assessment of members, the American Federation of Labor has launched a counter attack against the organizating efforts of John L. Lewis’ CIO. By increasing the staff of organizers and workers in all key cities, the Federation hopes to strengthen its organization and bring back into the fold workers which the CIO allegedly stole from craft unions. In Chicago, a coroner’s jury upheld city police by returning a verdict of “justifiable homicide” on the routine investigation of ten deaths resulting from the Memorial Day strike riot in East Chicago. Crime \ Indiana’s Brady gang of desperados were blamed Tuesday for the First National bank holdup and robbery in Centerpoint. Two masked men entered the bank in the early morning by a rean'door and waited for employees’ arrival. Taking $2,000, they escaped in a car. Two kidnapped Oklahoma farmers took life in hand yesterday, snatched guns from their captors and opened fire. Running the gaunt-. 4et of federal, $tate and local pol|ce in their automobile, Fred Tinaol, escaped convict, and Pete Traxier, outlaw, picked up the two farmfers as hostages. When the fugitjfves stopped to fix a flat tire, the farmers grabbed their guns, killed Tindol, shot Traxier in the lung, then /fixed the tire and drove into a nearby town. Foreign Two adventurous American women were “gently but firmly’Tdcked and sent on their way this week by Ji^pfnese apldiera etationed in Peiping, China, who didn’t like women anoojping around their barracks. Meanwhile Japan routed 85,000 troops into North China and demanded peace the Nippon way. United States infantry stood by to defend American interests if Sino-
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
Contrary to popular opinion, long hair growth is not indicative of bodily strength, states Dr. Walsh, psychologist at University of South Carolina. * A Chicago University professor gives the following chemical definition of woman: WOMAN: symbol,—WO, a member of the human family; occurrence —can be found wherever man exists; physical properties—boils at nothing and may freeze at moment; will melt when properly treated; very bitter, if not treated correctly; chemical properties—violent action when left alone by man, highly explosive and likely to prove dangerous in inexperienced hands: * * * The University of Washington’s aeronautical engineering department has the most modern and largest wind tunnel of any American school. Model airplanes will be subjected to a 250-mile-an-hour air blast in this new $125,000 aero-dy-namic wind tunnel. * * * Football has been discarded for rodeo sports at Cheyenne School in Colorado Springs. Bucking horses and wild steers are considered less dangerous by the school officials. * * * Dr. Samuel Eddy, assistant professor of zoology at the University of Minnesota, has proved that a pickerel and a northern pike are the same kind of fish. The only difference is that the northern pike has had more to eat. By pumping the stomach of a fat northern pike. Dr. Eddy is able to convert it into a snake pickerel, or he can give a pickerel a well-rounded meal and have a husky northern pike. * * * The boner pulled by a University of Minnesota freshman who wanted to know “what building the campus is in” was bad, but the one made by an adult visitor to the University of Cincinnati is worse. A professor took the trouble to conduct the visitor and his party all over the campus and finally to the football stadium. “This,” exclaimed the faculty member “is our stadium.” Impressed, the visitor studied the grounds for an instant and turned to the professor, “This is all very nice, but I hear you have a very fine (curriculum here. Would you take us through that next?” * * Ten cents is all a certain tiny co-ed at Hamline University has to pay to get into any of the local theaters. She is 18 years old and can hardly reach the ticket window. * N: * Insanity is on the increase. Already more beds are being occupied by mental cases in the United States than by patients hospitalized from all other combined cases. These facts were presented by Dr. Crafts, Ohio State University.
Japanese skirmishing reaches Tientsin. Also American business men in Tientsin organized a volunteer company, drilled, and learned how to build fortifications. On a more determined warfront, an estimated 200,000 Spaniards and allies bled life’s blood in a deadlocked struggle for Madrid. Thus began the second year of civil war in Spain, which is estimated to have cost 1,000,000 lives. The world of science mourned the death of 63 year old Senator Marchese Guglielmo Marconi, Italian statesman and discoverer of the wireless.
Summer is come The grass is cooked My gal is gone So I’m unhooked. Something that does our old heart good is the way the Sweet Shop is coming back into its own. We thought for a while that it had lost out, but it’s regaining some of that lost luster. Yesterday it sure was a buzzin’. And speaking of campus hot spots, Jean Small says that the practice house ain’t it. The six babies who are playing house over on Stadium are having plenty of trouble learning to cook and still stay well fed. There is the love of a staunch true man And-the love of a babe for its mother But no love at all exceeds the love Of one dead drunk for another. Guests have been cluttering up the place. Rentschler and Markle at the Snake house. Kiss Phelps finds the Skull house starving. (Oh yes, lads. Kiss’ sister, Virginia, is staying with Milly Ross)—^for that tip I win the Mars’ passes. And another Mars’ pass contest. To the person who actually finds a good joke on a Drewry-gram—you know, the label on the back of a Drewry’s lager. We got a king high straight flush on one last night—^if anyne can beat that, we’ll pop for a couple more. And being reminded of beer joints, it seems to us that Stewart and Best are doing their part in keeping Harry’s in the black this summer. Still it’s so close to home (the Barracks), so why not. If in your dreams. Your lover should call. I hope it’s me. That’s all. That’s all. —Beg pardon. Fats.
LAUGH at the looney guysl LOOK at the lovely girlal LISTEN to those tantalising tunes!
JOB PENNEB MILTON BERLE PARRTAKARKUS HARRIET HILUARO WILLIAM BRADT JEROME COWAN THELMA LEEDS Starts Midnite Prevue Saturday NEW MAIN
Letters to ‘‘ ......the Editor
(Editor’s Note: Dorothea Jnstin continues her letters on life at the University of Michigan, this time from the Pretzel Bell at Ann Arbor. The following letter' came to the office scribbled on two folded paper napkins.) Pretzel Bell Ann Arbor, Michigan July 21, 1937 Dear Rip— The Pretzel Bell is the favorite student hangout here. It serves delicious meals, juicy and toothsome hamburgers, and beer. No wines or hard liquors can be sold in this county. Students come here to meet, eat, and relax. It is a combination of the Blue Blazer, Lambs, and the Triple X. The Bell derives its name from two did bells hanging from the ceiling. They'are rung at 12 midnight. Thoroughly respectable, conviviality is the watchword. Even professors come here to enjoy the cool, entertaining facilities. The Sugar Bowl is a drug storesoda fountain place where people go after the Bell closes. These two places beat out the League GrillCafeteria and the Union Taproom (Men only; I got in on drag!) The Michigan Grill is stiff, formal and unpleasant. The Taproom has bright painted tables and chairs, in all colors. Only rarejy are women admitted. Purdue’s Sweet Shop beats anything the unions here have to offer. So does our Grill—and both places are oii,the campus. Besides, the Purdue cafeteria serves better food at lower prices. Michigan may be startling in many ways, but Purdue surpasses in its available and pleasant eating and meeting places. Yours from the Bell, Dora. P. S. Sorry about the paper napkins—they’re all I can get here. No typewriters here, either. D. J.
Today — Friday — Saturday Double Feature
WILL ROGERS DAVID HARUM
MIMICHI MADOIN/r A PpromounI Picture with WARREN WIUIAM Mady Correli • Kitty Clancy
Starting SUNDAY
UIMA
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lithty
‘'Are his intentions honorable? Will he get a divorce like he — says ?”
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
WHAT A NIGHT!
As s'trangers at midnight are flung into each other's arms by down! It's hiloriousl
A nc.-uns
’<
41-
Today — Friday — Saturday
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Todav — Friday —. Saturday 2 FIRST RUN HITS
Wlt^LIAM BOYD
in “Rustlers^ Valley”
Plus—
with MURIEL EVANS
Sunday — Monday
To an expectant public, we announce the presentation of Jean Harlow’s last picture—a production you will never forget.
From the brilliant authors of "San Francisco"... comes this colorful, glamorous drama of The Sport of Kings! Filmed against the exciting backgrounds of f^med Saratoga and luxurious Miami—it is the first yaqe trapk romance to take rank with 1934's memorable "Broadway Bill." imava
4 DAYS Starting SUNDAY
Frank
MARS
■***. . wilh UONEL i^fiARHYMOBE tOROAH * WaUor FIDGEON ^PLH6tSilly SypipliPHy Cartonn I|ji Oolor‘ ‘thursday, iuly 22, 1937 ^
Kizeir^s.Gridiron Selections Lead In Nationwide Ballot
The day before being takeii to tKie hospital, N6ble Kizer, first coach of the colifege All-star teanij madb a selection of the, players whom he thought belonged on this year’s squad; and as the returns come in,
Tuesday nnd Wednesday ^y 27-28
l^ositively your last chance to see tlhis greatest of adl ?OWOll*Lo3f tbugh producers, as this picture goes out of service on August 1.
Continuous from 12 :00, Noon Adults 15c
they reveal that he picked the lead-
ers in' almost every case. Director
Kizer’s team is as follows:
Ends: Wendt, Ohio State; Tinsley, Louisiana State. Tackles: Wisseth, Minnesota; Daniell,- Pittsburgh. Guards: Reid, Northwestern; Starcevich'; Washington. Center: Bell, Purdue; Quarterback: Wilkinson, Minnesota.^ ]Pialfbacks: Drake, Purdue, Wilkie^ $|otre Dame. Full;b§.ck:; !|rancis, l^ebraska.
TSiWf
Today — Friday — Saturday
Buck Jiones in "California Trail” '—and— David Sharpe in "Roaring Roads”
“The Vigilantes Are Coming’
Sunday and Monday "Q^c^utMiUW’ Sonja Henie and Adolph Menjou :—plus— Jack Haley and BciJtty Furnace in "Mr, Cinderella”
A COQL RECEPTION foathe WARMEST WEATHER
^This Cooling Cologifie (a gcwd new idea!) gives you a delicious chilled feeling. Ifyou haven’t ever tried Lucien Lelong’s Cooling Cologne— come in today and learn what hotweather -comfort really is! A grand fragrance, too— in that famous Lucien Lelojqg. jottle.
EUCIEN XiEEONG'S j CpQilNG COLOGNE
Phone 6477
DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
APPEARANCE
makes the first Impression, and first impressions are always important. Let the Amer- ■ . V ' i ican Laundry keep your clothes in the condition that will always make a favorable appearance. c ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^^^
Sil-Stcn* FbdtbaU PqR
Positions End:
Tackles: Guards: Genter: .... Quarterback: Halfbacks: ... Fullback: ......
(Ed. note: Fill in the above blank and place in the Exponent box at the Union desk before Sunday noon and the Exponent will mail them. It is not necessary th^f all positions be filled.)
■t
....chpice
By Don Bailey Here is a Chance for the Purdue student body to get behind their athletes and' nhiow them, ho\? Woch their efforts are appreciated. Four Purdue, gridmen are among the leaders in the All-star football poll. Clip, out the ballot found on this page and vote for Burmeister, guard; Bell, center; Drakje, halfback; and Gift, quarterback. Be sure and put these in the Exponent box before Sunday nopn to insure the rnailing of them. (Jet all your friends behind these players. —fc— Rogers Hornsby yesterday was released as manager of the St. Louis Browns in favor of Sunny J[i™ Bottomley. Hornsby has had a hard time getting his team started this year, and no doubt the Mound City management feels that a change would be the best fojp everyone Concerned. Bottomley has been s.^ving as coach nnd utility infidlder fqr ff|e St. Louis club. —f^' , " ■ A Some of our fellow sports scribes evidently used tbeir record books to start the morning fire during, last week’s cool snap. On Monday a dispatch from a leading press service reported that there had been no niajor league .400 hitter since 1925. No doubt “Billy the Kid” Terry got a little red behind the ears over this. On Tuesday, the sports editor of a well known Indianapolis paper falsely accused Babe Ruth of never winning the American League batting championship. The mighty ho,me run clouter twned the trick in 1924 witk a percentage of .378,
Nicknames have become so atr tached to some of onr organized baspball players that fans have forgotten entirely their real names. In an effort to help ijecall some of these names we will list a fe^ of the better known examples, George Herman “Babe” Rpth George “Mple” Haas Harold “Pie” Trayndr Henry “Zeke’’ Bonura Robert “Lefty” Grove Jerome “Dizzy” Dean
Four Purdue FootbaU
Drake^ Bell 4moiiig Leaders At Half And Center; Gift, Burmeister Eleventh At Qnart^ ^d Guard Four Purdue footballers from last year’s squad are iii the in the All-Star football poll. At present George Bell is second at eenter : and John Drake is thirid at halfback. Both Wayne Gift and Forrest meister are listed i^ong the leaders in the quarterback and guard positions.
>tj I ^ rt ^
John Drake is in' third place at present after
scrambling up and down the list and leading on several days. He has a m a 3.3 e d 219,184 votes to lead the Purdue entries and is only approriipatfrly 4,000 votes behind LeRue of Rittsburgh, who is leading the halfback candidates.
of last year's
in the center poll
with 2 01,648
votes and only
j.
1,759 votes be-
‘ if
hind Basrak of
Duquesne, the
J|P|Ur ’
leader in this
race.
Burmeister is
in 11th position
M
with approxi-
C-4PT;
George Bell, center and captain votes.
nlately 140,000 votes. Wayne
Gift is also in 11th position but in the quarterback race, with 18,Q(i0
Cool For Your Comfort
Now Showing Double Feature
A First Run Laugh Hit!
Plus Second Feature
HERI IT IS , FOLKS Sn/e You^pe Been t
Thousands Upon Thousands of Super Values Saerifieed to Room for Incommg Fall t^pd Winter Merchandise
Everybody Profits in This Glean Swifp
Origmuted by us some 25 years ago to clear our shelve^ and racks frqm merchandise, accumulated Odds and Ends, Broken Lots and Broken Size Ranges. ‘
Due to unfavorable weather conditions our Ready to Wear Sections are more overstocked than; we prefer at this tiihe of the year. In order to reduce these stocks to a minimum, we have priced every garment so low that eyen the most discriminating shopper will realize the splendid values offered I *
fn addition to the.many hundreds of Odds and Ends brought out for clearing, we jhave selected many special items which we are featuring daily during this sale. These sp^ial iteu)^ are advertised daily in Special ads on page 2 of the journal and Courier.
ResAthe (gening Announcement in Thursday t’s Journal and Courier
Scau these with care and you «p)l find many articles snital^le for I|o4|P wse and for personal ^af. Special Cloart SM^eep Sale Cards indicate to yon the m^y par^ai^-S scpdirced for immediate clear^P|. To take advantage of this sale meayis
LOEB&HENCCOMPANY
. _ _
ii
-“''iisj
‘tt- t
■Jg):
1
' "j i V f
* ' ’-S’”. ...
NlA ' -■■Ur A' W:
r ’'■,
'OW ^
M. ' ■', '’'A' ■>, '‘Mrrit!, friWr • ii-.
Sf■
LYLE E. FISHER Watchitiidcer This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block S22 Ferry St.
c. carter for Bicycle itentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated PHONE 2291 Siate & Main W. Lafar«li«
K
Our One A
im
is to make and keep every customer satisfied and pleased with the cleaning service we offer.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
DIAL 4081
DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
All Wool Sport Coats in Brown, Blue, Grey Checks, Brown Checks and Plaids
REGULAR $8.95
Single and Double Breasted 'Models
Now....
Be well dressed for every sport, spectator and casual occasion the remainder of this summer and next fall. Come in DOW and select your coat while stocks are complete.
Baseball STANDINGS
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
National League
Chicago, 4, 6; Philadelphia, 1, 0.
Boston, 5, 2;
St. Louis, 1
,1.
Brooklyn, 6;
Pittsburgh,
0.
Cincinnati, 6
New Yolrk
5.
American League
Cleveland, 9,
8; Philadelphia,
8, 7.
Washington, 7; Chicago, 3.
Boston, 10; Detroit, 3.
New York, 6
; St. Louis,
3.
, National League
Team
W.
L.
Pet.
Chicago
62
29
.642
New York
51
32
.618
Pittsburgh
43
37.
.540
St. Louis
42
39
.626
Boston
39
44
.464
Brooklyn
34 •
45
.427
Cincinnati
31
47
.407
Philadelphia...
:. 31
62
.376
American League
Team
w.
L.
Pet.
New York
66
23
.705
Chicago
60
33
.606
Detroit
47
32
.599
Boston
43
34
.667
Cleveland
39
38
.502
Washington ....
31
45
.403
St. Louis
25
63
.321
Philadelphia ...
23
55
.300
NOTICES No noMcM accepted aittr t ptsik
Teachin«r Candidates—All persons in the Summer Session who plan to secure some kind of teacher’s license before September 1, 1937, should report to room 107 of the Education Building before July 31 in order to make an appropriate application for such license. PROF. GEO. L. ROBERTS.
New Faces Of 1937” Opens Saturday At New Main With Radio Stars
DEWENTER’S
416 Main St.
Sparkling with an originality and freshness of treatment that makes it one of the most entertaining musical films of recent years, “New Faces of 1937” comes to the New Main Theatre starting with a midnight prevue Saturday at 11:30 and continuing through Wednesday. Radio celebrities and vaudeville and stage favorites offer a variety of talent to the palates of film goers Three of the four stars, Joe Penner, Harriet Hilliard, and Parkyakarkus, have already made their bows to motion picture audiences ;%he fourth, Milton Berle, makes his speaking screen debut in the film, along with a number of the supporting players. Five production numbers and eight catchy songs are blended into the picture, together with a wealth of comedy and an interest ing plot.
jMSm^ IN REFRIGERAnON DEVELOPMENT IS NOW HERE!
• FIRST^e olH-fasHionecfwooden *^e box’-^^.' r. then^ the mechanical refrigerator... and now the 1937 airconditioned ICE_refrigerator—different from either of its predecessors'.-.^the very last word in refrigeration.^ 'By using ice in an . entirely new way, this new re-j frigerator gives ,your 'foods J-way protection— constant cold,proper moisture, and clean-washed, air. Foods stay fresher, more wholes some and nutritious, free from the} contaminating odors of other foods. I'In addition, this new refrigerator is so economical to operate that icing is needed only once in four to seven days. And, it is trouble-free, too . . . no repair bills .:..7 no!
noise.... no defrosting.^
Look at the low price of this refrigerator' .'and compare it with others. You’ll find that! 'it costs less than half as much. Then talk to’ ’.your Ice Service Man orjC9lLu8.tQ_^ang§
forjiJrsf^JiQme triaU
m THE GOOD OLD summer time
■'
'1
■v;’
You can be comfortable and look prim if you depend on Crown to look after your summer clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits.
./-■'.'it
:
. -M
Historical Novel Recreates Career Of Major Roberts
By Mrs. L. W. Josselyn Browsing Room Librarian “Northwest Passage,” by Kenneth Roberts, is an historical novel which recreates with authentic detail the career of a' great but hitherto almost unknown figure in Colonial history, that of Major Roberts. The stirring tale of the march led by this great Indian fighter against the St. Francis tribes constitutes the part of the book which was serialized in the Saturday Evening Post. The story goes on to tell of the search for the Northwest Passage.
The book is written in the first person as the adventures of one Langdon Towne, who follows his hero. Major Roberts, upon this expedition against the Indian tribes near the St. Lawrence and through to the West where they go to .seek that fabled short cut to the wealth
...PLENTY OF PURE^ TAST^-FREE ICE CUBES, IN 3 TO 5 MINUTES...; a handy little acces[sory giyes you all the cubesyou want,when' [you want them.,"
COOLERATOR
*64“
Easy
Terms
Other Sizes $39.75
VEGETABLES STAY GARDEN FRESH Vitalized, cle^'Washed Eiir protects food From rapid drying out or picUng up other ifidV^lHolhcedito .use covered dish !
LAFAYEnE ICE& COAL CO.
Phone 5078
Yon^’ll be dollars ahead if you have those ‘‘little troubles” in your car taken care of as soon as
they appear.
A periodic check-up will save much annoyance as well as lessen the upkeep on your car.
24 Hour Service
Peter Anderson
Phone 4048 6th & Alabama
of the East of which every trader dreamed and which was the goal of every explorer of that time.
jpictures Colonial Life It is the pictures of the life of these times that animate the book as we see the pageant of the soldiery, the traders, the voyagers and the Indians march across its pages. Famous characters of history are drawn with a facile pen and the
reader understands in part the rea[son for some mistakes and m1sfch*itunes.which happened to the colonies just before the revolution;
The Browsing Room has the liiA-' ited edition which includes an extra volume containing reprints of the' rare and in many instances previously unknown historical material on which the main theme of the novel is based.
NO WONDER THEY ARE IN, A HURRY
for he is taking her to dine at the students’ favorite restaurant.
WHEELER’S LUNCH
420 MAIN ST.
, ALWAYS OPEN
The Runner Scores and so does the Union The U nion Scores
a hit with everyone who uses the facilities and participates in the activities offered by the Union.
Sweet Shop Grille, The Cafeteria t The Chestnut Room Barber Shop
Browsing Room Bowling Alley Billiard Room
I
The Tqunges Music Room
Tree Telephone Servici^
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner Campus-rCentor of Activity ' *' . , ■