^ "4J
r ‘
m
mm VJtS^
< <1 *» ; <
FRiSHMEN SQUAD Will Battle Before Ohio State Game
Established 1889
TRIMMING SiNIOR
Moustaches Must
Cease; Goldsmith
Vdiim^ 55/ No. 74
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 21, 1943
Sen iors To Toss Derbies At Saturday Night Game
Louis Lo<;hner/ Head Cleveland Indians
Of Berlin Associated l^ress Bureau^ To Talk At Con VO Tomorrow
Speaker Will Answer Question, 'What About Germany?' At 7:30 Louis P. Lochner, former head of Associated Press in Berlin, .will speak at the convocation to be held tomorrow night at 7:30 ih the Hall of Music. He will give an answer to the oft repeated
question, “What about Germany?”
). ,A dinner will be held for him in the Union before the convocation to be attended by members of the History, Government and Economics depart- , Lochner, during his 14 years QWI RfilSSSSS DfltS
service as Chief of the Berlin Bureau of the Associated Press, obtained information on many varied sides of German political, military and civilian life and as a rfesult will be able to discuss Gerntan policies and actions from first-
hand knowledge.
Some of his experiences while in
Nazi Germany form intei-esting
reading. His book, “What About power Commission that is headed Germany?” is a record of Hitler's by President Elliott is hai-d at work s^zure of power and a narration of on the administrative problems of
the secession of episodes of the Nazi’war on religion, persecution of the Jdws, his suppression of free
I^J>_efech, press and assembly,
tn^rncd In Germany
He was an-ested late in 1941, immediately after, Germany’s declara-
About Manpower Commission Plans According to a release from the Office of War Information, the special committee of the War Man-
the Army-Navy plan for sendingservice men to colleges for technical training. Several of the following steps have already been taken, and action on the others is
contemplated.
Pinal recommendations concern-
^ ^ ■ ti,<?n of war on the United States, j^g. colleges which will be used
ah^ was imprisoned for three days and then interned for five months -yith other U. S. diplomatic repre-
sentatives.
Lochh®U a gi’aduate of the Uni-
in the training plans are expected from the committee about February 1. After a method of selecting the colleges from the list recommended has been specified, the Joint
vetsity of Wisconsin, was in Ger- ^rmy - Navy - WMC will actually mdny at the outbreak of World War choose the individual colleges that I and was living on the continent education plan, from that time until he returned on committee, which is composed the “Drottningholm . three members of each Army, During this time he travelled ex- Navy, and WMC, has been meeting tensivejy over Europe and in the several times a week for some
coprse of his excursion in search of weeks now
rtews he secured scoops on Ger-
many’s invasion of Poland, Finland’s advance against Soviet Russia, and the march of Hitler’s divi-
sions on that same country.
Questionnaires Sent Out
The committee sent out questionnaires to all colleges to obtain a record of the exact facilities avail-
He was present during the retreat able on December 11, six days befrom Dunkerque which he witnessed fore the plan was officially anfrom a vantage point five miles to nounced. According to a report the rear of the main scene of action, from a committee member, most of these reports have been filled out
and returned now.
The Army is now working with “panels of specialists in the field of education” to plan the curriculum that will be taught to students in uniform. So far a basic course and some advanced technical courses have been formulated. The Army will put its college-trainees through a 12-week course which will probably consist of 23 hours of classroom work, 23 hours of supervised study, and several hours of military
drill each week.
Navy Advisory Council Navy officials are using an already established Navy Advisory Council on Education for consultation on their curriculum planning. This advisory committee is composed of college presidents and was set up about a year ago to help the Navy plan training coiu'ses for its college reserves. Men sent back to college by the Navy will study for IG weeks, and the plan of study will probably^provide foi a 60-hour work week, of which 9 hours will be devoted to naval science and drill, and the remaining 61 hours to regular studios. The Navy expects to have its curriculum completely planned and ready for operation by
February 1.
Advising the Army’s “panels of specialists” and the Navy’s educational advisory group is an overall consultation gi oup, composed of members of the Office of Education and the Amei-ican Council on Education. Although the Army and Navy are setting up courses and will give periodic tests to check the progress of service men assigned to the colleges, the actual instruction of the soldiers and sailors will be lelt iq) to the discretion of the schools themselves.
WBAA To Carry Six Classroom Broadcasts During Semester Some listeners have requested more classroom broadcasts. Radio station WBAA will feature six classrpom broadcasts this semester. Most of these progi-ams will cover problems met by listeners in everyday life in keeping with station policy to feature educational broadcasting. Many of WBAA’s programs ei^iphasize the fact that Americans should know more about their national background in this time of crisis. , On Monday at 10 a. m., classroom discussion will be heard from Prof. Hugh McKee’s News Writing course meeting in University Hall. News and the making of current events are analyzed in detail during these lectures. Prof. Hall’s class on the development of our national growth, “History of the West”, originates from the Recitation Building at 11 a. m. on Monday. ■ Prof. Sears’ “American History” lectui’es are broadcast at 10 a. m. on Tuesday. On Wednesdays, Prof. Robert Phillips’ discussion on "American Institution.s” is broadcast at 11 a. m. Both of these programs are concerned with the rise of the United States as a woild
power.
On Fiiday, classroom discussions on the “History of the West” will again be on the air at 11 a. m., and Prof. 0. F. Hall’s course in “Rural Socialogy-’'’—will be broadcast at 1 p. m. WBAA has scheduled more programs in response to poi)ular de-
mand.
Will Hold Spring fraining Here Cleveland Indians will conduct their spring training here at the University, utilizing the spacious Boilermaker Fieldhouse and vai’sity field, it wis.announced last evening by Guy Mackey, athletic director, following approval of arrangements by the Board of Trus-
tees.
Arrangements have been completed Wwh Roger Peckinpaugh,' genei’al manager of the Cleveland club, so that the Indians could work out three times daily without interferring with the University program of “physical fitness” for the student body. Peckinpaugh Visits Campus Searching for training facilities, Peckinpaugh visited the campus eardy this week. Tentative arrangements were made then, subject to final approval by University authorities. The Indians, who are expected to work out during the morning hours, will have available the Fieldhouse floor, 300 by 180 feet, the batting cages normally used by the Riveter varsity, along* with regular training facilities. Announcement of the Indians choice made the sixth major league club to adopt Hoosierdom as a wartime training center. The Chicago Cubs and White Sox have announced French Lick as their spring training headquarters, and the Detroit Tigers will train at Evansville. Pittsburgh has selected Muncie as the place to get in shape, while the Cincinnati Reds will be at Bloomington. AWS To Hold Frosh Election Associated Women Students will hold elections for freshman representatives, Monday, February 1, in the Great Hall of the Union Building. Both first and second semester fi'eshman women are eligible for office and, as has formerly been the custom, all those interested are asked to draw up a petition, the form of which is the following: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate ... . . .... for the office of freshman representative on the AWS Executive Board for the Spring term of 1943.” These petitions, which are due at noon on Thursday, January 28, may be turned in at the AWS office in the Union Building, or to Martha McCulloch, WRH South.
War Department Reverses Decision On Reserve Status
Arniy Reserves Will Be Called At Term's End The latest in a series of conti'adictory statements from the War Department, via the Fifth Service Command at Fort Hayes, Ohio, indicated that all students in the Army Enlisted Reserve will be called up after the end of the current
semester.
This most recent statement concerning the status of college students with respect to the armed forces refutes information contained in a previous bulletin issued December 23, 1942. At t^iat time it was stated that students in the aforementioned reserve, and in the Army Air Force Enlisted Reserve, would be deferred until such time as they completed their college
education.
Another recent directive from the War Department informed members of the Army Air Force Enlisted Reserve that they were no longer subject to the regulations concerning the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps. Henceforth, Air Coi’ps reservists will be called into service whenever the Army can find room
for them.
Elliott On Campus Dr. E. C. Elliott, President of the University, is on the .campus this week for a meeting of the Board of Trustees. He pointed out that the entire program concerning colleges and college students and their various parts in the war is still in a foi’mative state. Positive information regarding the plan to train specialists for the armed forces, termed officially the Army Specialized Training Program, is expected in the next few weeks. Elliott and his staff, a division of the War Manpower Commission in Washington, are reported working night and day to determine colleges to be used, methods of selecting candidates, and various (See ERC, page 4)
Executive Group Passes New Rules For Fraternity Rush New rules regarding the pledging of men to social fraternities on the campus werb recently approved by the Executive Committee. The new rules state that no student may pledge until he has reached his seventeenth birthday, and that he may not live in a fraternity house until the term following his birthday. Another new regulation provides that no freshman who is admitted to the University with less than standard requirements may be pledged until he has satisfactorily completed one term in residence. As passed by the committee, the rules are: “No male student will be eligible to pledge to a social fraternity at Purdue University until he has reached his 17th birthday and may not live in a fraternity house until the term following his 17th birthday. “Any male student who is admitted to the University with less than the standard entrance requirements but with 15 or more units may pledge a fraternity after satisfactory completion of one term in residence subject to the preceding regulation. “A student who is admitted to the University by the Special Committee on Admissions with less than 16 units/may pledge to a fraternity only after satisfactory completion of one term in the University and with the approval of the Dean of
Men.”
According to the committee, it is especially important that rush chairmen notice these regulations with regard to the special class of high school graduates that ai’e leaving their secondary schools early to attend the University. Christian Foundation . . . will sponsor a party to be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Building next Friday evening.
Cotillion Tickets For Upperclassmen Available Today
By Marion Donham
Sophomores will have their stand
They ^Bring ’Em Back .
Professors Select Convos
Cords, Mustaches To ^ill Fieldhouse Fourth Year Students Plan Frolic At Basketball Battle Instead Of Former Parades Around RosS'Ade Stadium
By Tom Wendell
Although seniors graduating in August will be unable to parade in their resplendent “yaller” cords before a capacity crowd of roaring football rooters, a senior committee has made plans for a substitute occasiomthat gives promise of a senior day to top all other seniors-'days when the graduates troop to their festivities in the Fieldhouse. Besides the attraction of the Boilermaker-Buckeyes contest on the basketball floor, the
seniors have promised a lively and surprising program of en-f
tertainment at the half. The original idea of having
a regulation cord parade was called off because of a shortage of space, but the derbies will still fly at the first goal. For the first time in history, the seniors need have no fears concerning the throwing of their battered headgear. “Piggy” Lambert states that the Boilemlak-
on Friday, January 29, when Jerry ^ve will score at least two points Wald and his orchestra play for one during the evening’s court battle, of the biggest dances of the winter Surprise Gift season, Sophomore Cotillion. With Included in the senior festivities this event looming on the horizon, the half will be a special surprise ticket sales are moving fast. Tick- sift, given free to each senior that ets are available to juniors and attends the dance in his cords. The seniors today and tomorrow, while specific nature of the gift remains freshmen will be able to buy them ^ seciet, but the committee in Saturday. Sophomores can obtain charge of activities had a series of them at any time. Tickets at $1.65 gleeful gi-ins on their respective per couple are being sold at the laces when they were interviewed Cashier’s Office and passports are 1^®!- night in the Exponent oflSce. necessary to obtain them. The sale One of the featured acts of enterof tickets is expected to be closed tainment that will be held dtfring on Satui-day since there is a limited l-he half-time period is the return
of the Royal Swedish Refugee Drum Corps, who made their fitst appearance on the campus last semester when they tore-up several popular numbers for the benefit of the dancers at the Sigma Delta Chi
, .... , ,, j . T 4. . Rassel. As far as enthusiasm and ability are challenged to listen to . , , . „ ,. 1 . , j volume are concerned, the drum his Decca recordings or his broad- „ , 4. 4.U T) 4-1, promises a new high in
casts from the Panther Room in
4.1. ti 4. 1 ou /-/u- 1. musical entertainment for the most the Hotel Sheimian Chicago, where j^p^.^ant occasion of every senior’s he IS now playing Although not yet University,
a year old, Wald’s organization is
already making a name for itself. *, - ij,... ^ Also included in the gala list of Jerry Wald himself started his festivitie's at the half is a series of band when he graduated from high interviews with seniors. The quesschool instead of starting, as many tions and answers will be amplified other band leaders have done, by by the Fieldhouse public address playing in some one else’s band. He system, and the committee stated is following in the footsteps of that arrangements are being made Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw in to broadcast the interviews and the that he is a hot clarinet player, ^est of the activity over WBAA. It has been predicted that 24-year- QoM Peppers, senior women’s honold Wald will be the next clarinet orary, promise a special act for the player to take the country by stom benefit of the seniors in their cords, just as Goodman and Shaw have An attempt to discover the exact
nature of the Peppers’ performance
Has Formed Several Bands was fruitless. One member of the Having ' formed several bands, committee claimed that he had preWald has always preferred to head sented the Pepper president with an a band rather than play in one. He article by Gypsy Rose Lee, but this began organizing bands while still bit of information may be regarded
number available. Lillian Lane, Vocalist
Pi’oviding the jam and jive for the affair are Jerry Wald, his orchesti’a, and Lillian Lane, his featured vocalist. Doubters of Wald’s
By Ruth Ford “Yes, I saw Fantasia. I heard Bidu Sayao and Franccscatti.” These are casual statements yet much more goes on behind the scenes in providing us with outstanding artists than we realize. Usually the first step in'getting anything done is to appoint a committee to do the work. The convo committee that makes up the pi’ogram for our convos is composed of seven faculty members and foiu' students. Prof. J. T. Gunn of the modern language department is chairman., Other members of his committee are Prof. F. R. Hall of the history, economics, and government department; Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department; Prof. Marian Willoughbly of thd clothing and textiles department; R. B. Stewart, controller of the University; A. P. Stewart, director of musical organizations; W. A. Hiller of Student Union; R. W. Boswinkle of Exponent; Paul G. Miller of Student Senate; and Dorothy Cornthwaite of AWS. Outline Summer Convos This committee met recently to outline the convo program for next summer and winter sessions. First, they roughly outlined the talent they wanted. Talent is always available, for artists are only too willing to include the University in their
tours. Prof. Gunn is showered with publicity releases from them. The committee chooses opei’a singers first so that they can sign them before the opera season opens. They choose one or two singers each season and alternate between the different types of singers. Instrumentalists are next and as much variety as possible is aimed at in choosing the one or two each season. Appreciation for orchestras lias grown so that at least one and sometimes two orchestras are signed each year. In recent years grand opera companies have been contracted. Lecturers arc chosen for timeliness of their subjects; at least one noted woman lecturer is desired. To round out the program there are plays and some popular numbers not necessarily swing bands. This year the Don Cossacks were an example of the latter. ISwiitg bands are presented only for bond sales and when student pressure is too great because the committee feels that students may hear the best of swing bands at the Union. After the program is planned, the woik has just begun since Prof. Gunn has to contact all companies to arrange performance dates. Not more than two convos are scheduled pel month and each convo is at least
two weeks after the preceding convo. Sometimes performers have to change their dates and convos come oftener than scheduled. In addition to this the committee is responsible for the movie convos presented every Thursday afternoon in the Musi|C Hall. Start In Fowler Hall The history Of convos is rather interesting. In former years there were few convos and ^ley consisted of concerts and lectures held in Fowler Hall. Soon the University outgrew Fowler Hall and programs were hold in the Memorial Gym and Jefferson High School. Audiences grew too big for these places and until the Music Hall was built, convos were held on two nights. Convos were formerly few and far between because there was no money for more of them. Convos were increased when the University trustees gave President Elliott the authority to consider convos noncredit, cultural optional courses with power to charge a registra^tion fee to cover costs. Tickets are sold to outsiders who comprise a large percentage of the audience. It is estimated that about 50 per cent of the student body attends convos. The best attendance was recorded last year when Gladys Swarthout sang.
in high school. With a minister’s daughter that can do the vocals in a manner worth hearing, Wald’s band is complete. Lillian Lane, his featui’ed vocalist, is the daughter of a Fort Wayne minister. She started her singing career in church choirs. While attending Concordia Lutheran College, Lillian worked at a Fort Wayne radio station and frequently sang with the studio orchestra. This broadcasting brought her offers from name bands including Claude Thornhill. Lillian Lane joined Wald late in 1942. By way of description, she is of medium heighth and weight with brown hair and blue eyes. Tennis and horseback riding are two things with which she likes to spend her time. She enjoys making her own song arrangements. Johnny Bond Featured Also featured in Jerry Wald’s band is Johnny Bond, the squat, rasping-voiced lad who steps out of the Wald trumpet section every now and then to take a vocal turn at the microphone. When he does, audiences rock in rhythm for Johnny is a very persuasive scat-singer. Bond has played with bands like Aftie Shaw, Charlie Spivak and Ziggy E?lman. Jerry Wald and his orchestra have then as his featured vocalists Lillian Lane "and Johnny Bond, but he himself is a feature when he plays his clarinet.
(See CORD DAY, page 4)
All Students The' steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to cut across the grass areas of the campus is observed today with considerable regret. Such .students appear to be unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval, "and the Circle in front of the Executive Building. The Trustees of the University are anxious that the campus be developed and maintained with great care. The scanty attention paid by some students to the “Please” signs is resulting in considerable damage to our lawns. The fact that the grass hi covered by §now does not prevent this damage and is no excuse for taking “short cuts.” To protect the University against losses of money, tinw> and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Police Department has been instructed to apprehend those who insist upQU walking across the oval, the circle in front of the Executive building. and in taking “Short Cuts” at other places. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those now imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. —ELLIO'IXI
it >
htge 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, January 21, 1942
Purdiie Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Mdmorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business M&nager News Editor Editor t»e1)ior Advertising: Managrcr Sports Editor Coed Editor Cqjed Business Exccuti\e
WilHamG Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswmklc Dale E But% lames G Petty Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff
4 Editorial SlnfT Associate Editors B I Cavl r J T R larlsoi T L Tilton
M
Sm th C C Martin-
W H Tvson W L Vcim )
dell E Murpbi
Cioed Siaff Pnylli* Mann Martha Lee R pcs Carolyn Wilbur
Elaine Ahrens
bports Staff C So\\ards J Ackerman D Shrjer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising- Manager J } ilp Advertising Managers J Flcxon C Ga ii t J McCullough J Talb Circulation Managers RecKtcnwal 1 and R Kroeplin Accounts Manager M ry B-s
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Sauier
Staff For This Issu^ Night Editor Murphy Sports Editor Shryer Day Editor Mann Issue Editor Winslow Reporters Moore Donhan Grotnes Hal n Abbott Gar rett St phenson Rtmmers Rem For ylhe
Entered a«; secon 1 class matter at the post off ce n Lafai ette Indiana under the net of Congress of March 3 18'?& and at the special rate of posta e provided for m section 1103 act of October 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday Friday and Sundaj mornings during the y^ai Dcli cred localh b> carr er for $1 75 for a semester or $3 00 for t^o semesters by mail for $2 00 for a semester or *^3 50 for two ee est is R^pr^nted for national adveilising by National Advertis mg Service Inc College P bhshtrs Representatives 420 M^ison Ave New Yor-k N Y
What Next?.. .
Obviously there aie a number of men ^n Washington on the Manpowei Commission and at the head of oui arm^foices who have not learned one of the axiomatic lules of good administration-^never to lelease an edict until plans foi its execution aie possible and complete Four times now, since releasing details of the joint Army-Navy Specialized Tiaining Program, the Army, in league with the Manpower Commission, has told college members of their Enlisted Reserves a different story about plans foi then future The initial older stated that reservists would be called up in a few weeks Then, blitheb disregaiding the fact that the influx of many thousands of college students into the Army would thiow tiaimng and housing facilities out of geai, officials announced that these students could wait until the end of the semester On Decembei 23, the generous Chiistmas spiiit seemed to peivade the Washington atmosphere, and it was announced that leseivists would be allowed to graduate Finally— it may have been a post-New Yeais hangover which caused the change of outlook—Aimy officials reverted to the decision whereby Army Enlisted Reservists veie to be inducted at the end of the current semester liverything considered, these are not the sort of administrative antics which inspiie confidence The Navy has managed to preserve an aloof, happily consistent attitude conoeining members of its reserves To date, membeis of the V-1 and V-7 programs have received continuous assurance that they may remain until graduation This situation may well be the fly in WMC’s ointment, causing the current delay in ai riving at final plans foi the college training program Official sentiment seems to indicate a necessaiy change in this piogiam, also There seems to be no one, fiom the lowliest confused student to the President of the U S who knows foi certain what will eventually evolve out of this mess President Elliott believes that a final official word will come through within the pext few weeks For our pai t, w e’ll i ead each new ‘oidei of the day’ with oui tongue in our cheek and believe we’ie in the aimv when our pants change to Khaki —w g h
An Open Letter To All Students On June 10 1917 the facultv passed a regulation which reads students shall conduct themselves at all times as ladies and gentlemen I he failure to show proper respect for good order moralitj integnt> and the rights of others shall be regarded as good cause for exclusion of a student from the University In recent years there has been a growing disregard for this regulation and especially has this been true in the fall terms centering around the time of the Senior cord parade and mustache growing Many sen ous accidents have occurred during this time which ha'ie required the attention of the doctors in the Stu dent Health Service During the present week three Ireshmeii involved in mustache cutting were overpowered and their faces were painted by seniors w jth a chemical solution that may leave scars \11 of these boys have been treated by the Student Health Service At the present time the Student Health Service is operating with a dc pleted staff and is being taxed to its limit by the un usual amount ol student and staff illness without hav ing to take tune out to treat emergency cases caused by the pranks of thoughtless students These indi vidualb seem to forget that we are at war that man power IS at a premium and that the gcneial public IB very much opposed to such adolescent behivior on the pait ot University students I, therefore feel it the dutv of the Dean ol Men’s office to invoke (he rule quoted above and to request the cooperation of the Student Senate and presidents of organized groups to see to it that no lurthei un toward incidents occur which will cause the exclusion of any students from the University I I GOLDSMITH, Dean of Men
qiw msumoN . . Tr, R,, U 5 P.l OK MERRr-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON Sf-efi-f-inius To Face Sf-ormy Quest-ioning On New Budget\for Lend-Lease Aid To Allies
WASHINGTON — Lend Lease Administiator Hd Stettinius IS headed for a stoimy reception when he testifies before the House Appropriations Committee on the new $11 000,000 000 budget for lend lease aid to our allies The healing will be behind closed doois and Repub bean coiiiiiiitteenien aie pieparing to hie some hot questions about alleged niegulaiities in lend lease opeiations including a chaigc tbit we puichased sev cial niei chant ships fiom Canada which weic latei given to the Biitish Chairnian Emoiy S Land of the Maiitinie Commis sioii has admitted thi= at a closed dooi meeting of the House Mei chant Mai me Committee Anothei chaige to be filed at Stettinuis is that we sent scaice faim implenient= to Biitam while oui own faimeis weie minus The meeting howevei will not be a one way ses Sion For the Lend Lease boss has a suipiise of his own in stole foi the committee He plans to piesent details on “iccipiockl lend lease—namely seivices we aie getting fiom the Biitish • The Other Side The American public has heard little about this phase but vve have received considerable fre aid from the British including ships, ship repairs, bar rage balloons for our coastal cities anti aircraft guns and several large naval bases in the war zone, com pletely built equipped and paid for by the British The Biitish also have tinned ovei to our forces m England without cost a huge air depot and an adja cent aiidiome with an opeiatmg peisonnel of 5,000 woikeis paid by the Biitish goveinnient 111 addition Gieat Biitam has built geveial laigc cantonments stoiage buildings and othei facilities foi OUI tioops—all without cost to Uncle Sam Note The President once compared lend lease to supplying a hose to put out a fire m your neighbor s house If the fire is extinguished, but the hose is de stroy ed it is still a good investment because you pre V ent your own home from burning down » Officials Save Gas Some few Washington bigwigs aie eaieless about gasoline lationing but they are exceptions Most Washington officialdom is sciupulously careful The Chief Justice of the United States for instance IS riding a truck Chief Justice Stone has discarded his private car as a means of getting to and from the Supieme Court and instead hitch hikes m the deliv ery truck which luns errands for the Couit In addi tion Stone is one of the vvalkingest members of the Court The White House uses 11 cars now against 15 a year ago, and these include tiucks for the White House mail as well as cars for the President and staff White House Secretary Marvin McIntyre now rides to vvork in a herd instead of a Packaid Vice Piesidcnt Heniy Wallace last fall abandoned Ins 16 cjlmdei luiiousiiie in favoi of i humble five passcngei stdin Eveiy morning he walks the five miles fiom the Waidman Paik Hotel to the Capitol and iides home m the evening Speakei Sam Raybuin uses his official cai spaiiiigly He often wall s fiom his hapaitmenl on DuPont Cncle to Seventh St whcie he takes a stieet eu to the Capitol Senatoi Thom is of Oklahoma gets to woik on foot Ol by bus The othei day i Capitol eleik gave him a lift fiom a b IS stop on Sixteenth Stieet Appioxniiately twenty Congiessional cais aie jacked up in the Senate G u ige to be unused as long as gas ind tiies aie shoit Milo Pei kins chief of the Boaid of Feonomic W u faie =huns the use of his offieial eai in diiving fiom home to office Instead he has joined a cai pool with SIX othei BEW memhqis who live in the same seetion Note Taking a bus to woik is no novelty foi Arkansas Senatoi Hittie Cuawiy who has been do mg it foi yeais • Arab Unrest Against U. S. Although the French political situation in North Africa has made the headlines the Arab situation is almost worse Cables say flatly that unless the Arabs get food and clothing theie will be trouble German bioadcasts are responsible for the unrest Before the invasion the German radio told the Arabs that food and clothing shortages were the result of the British blockade Attei the invision the Geiman ladio declaied that the invading (U S ) ioiees aie feasting upon the eountivside hi e a hoide of locusts But discounting the piopaganda there ale seveie shoitages of thiee utieles indispensable to the Ai ibs —tei sugai and cotton eloth To the Aiabs who place gieat f nth in iituil the seveicst blow is lick of cotton cloth foi slnouds foi the dead And sinee the Aiabs gieatly admue the stioiig they fail to uiideistand why the gieat United States IS unable to §iipply then simple w ints o Tanks And Clothing I Ol relief eases food ind clothing aie alreadv being shipped But it is a terrific problem extending td the population of 17 000 000 Aiabs in the three states— Morocco Algeria, and Funisia Most Viabs have money to buv provisions—but fliere are no provisions In f ict the native vvoil menxmployed by the U S Aimv aie i 1 ing payment in food and clothing Money IS oi no us Both Gen risenhowei and State Depaitmcat s Rob eit Muip! y igiee that supplies must bo lushed They have even gone so fai as to suggest that supply ships could fill m the coiiieis among tanks guns and mum tions with food ind clothing Lisenhowei estimates that 40 000 tons ol elothiiig a month could be shipped 111 this way without adding a ship to the convoys But when the ships aiiive he has anothei pioblem loi the poit facilities aie oxeitaxed and even altei a ship has passed thiough sub infested wateis it imy have to he in poit loi d^J s beloie it can get to i doel • Storm Brewing Rubbci Czu Jeftcis who moans tli it eiciything ilwavs ocs wu ng in W ishington ind wishes he weie back in Oiii ilia is m toi moie tiouble Up in Philadelphi i Polish uiventoi &zukievvRz has been twiddling his thumbs waiting tor a chance to tell the Senate how oiilv two short years ago he built an alcohol rubber plant in Italy, now producing inoit (See MURRY GO ROUND page 4)
J^ist Looking Around
By Jack Abbott and Jitn Richardson
“This can openei you bold me a couple of months ago, Mr Truffle—I’d like to trade it foi a biead knife ”
University Calendar Thursday^ January 21
3 00PM b 00 PM 0 oO P M
Seieen Review Naval Giaduatioii Dinnei Phi Delta Kappa
H ill of Music Noith Balhoom Union Rooms 132 334 Union
Friday, January 22
1 00 PM
lippe Co Natl Faim Loan
E Faculty Lge Union
4 00 PM
Town Gills Mass Meeting
Room 361
Union
>
7 30 PM
Convo—Louis P Lockner, Lee
H ill of Music
Saturday, January 23
7 30 P M
Basketball—Ohio State
Fieldhouse
8 30 PM
Phi Mu Radio Dance
W Faculty Lge
Union
Today's Screen Review
News—9 min.
3 28-
—4.43
Unusual Occupations—10 min
3 37-
—4.52
Picturesque Patzcuaio—9 min
3'47-
—5:02
In the Circus—9 min.
3 56-
—5:11
Shep Fields—10 min.
4 05-
—5 20
Greatest Gift—11 mm
3 00-
-4 15-
—5.30
Timber Athletes—10 mm.
3 11-
-4:26-
—5 41
Olympic Champ—7 mm.
i 21-
-4.36-
—5:51
Out-
—5 58
The Ratio 3.55... to
bPI ICINGS It seems to be a fad the way everyone is getting hitched these days And look how cold it is out side We shuddei when we think of what will happen when Spung final ly deciders to spend hci annu il visit at this buig Ferinstance Phi Psi Dick Wren and Harriet "Timmy" Timmons of Southworth fame wasted no time after then 8 o clock marriage last Satuiday in gitting down to the Blazer ioi a little eelebiation and back slapping with all the hi othei s ind b I othei s in law Another recent mating is that of Pi Phi Peg Baker to some guy whose name we tried like h . . . to find out but couldn t rhcic seems to be i o need for marriage brokers at Purdue. The guys and gals apparently do all right by themselves.
Professor H. A. Bolz
We hear that Bertie Cole was very much gripcd and disappointed the other night w th one of i ci d itcs (probably Phi Delt Tom Kieffer) aitei she hil spci t the ent le eve nmg will hill 11 eluding 1 Idii g each othei gootl mil I without lui ing him attrmi I lie usu il Pui lie pis-) (n completed) o eve lunm so much IS the li tie fui„ei ot 1 is Ictt h ind oil hii Call u up f ilit we guarintec s itisfaetion Ancthei ))inniim to ac d ti \oui
LyMA
TODAY FR! SAT -TWO FIRST RUN HITS—
fiiS mum CARD IS LEAD
little Joe.. MeWrai^ter
NOW SHOWING
With JOHNNY MACK BROWN TEX RITTER FUZZY KNIGHT
Sensational Is Too Mild For It It s The World s Great Drama of , Hate
HITLER CH0LDR
S N
Ba.ed on Gregor Ziemer s Best Sell ing Book ' Education for Death with TIM HOLT BONITA GRANVILLE
FfiEDoir eTOptoMW
— Added joy — Walt Oisney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
The persistent i iimors and convei nations dealing with n probable registration foi all women in laboi shoitagc aieas in order to 4etermine the available laboi supply in these places were commented upon by Paul V McNutt, chairman of the Waf Manpower Commission and foimei governor of Indiana, thfii othei day In his leraarks, McNutt stated that Women’s registiation would occiu only^afte,r
Personnel Notes
Compameb Campus
Scheiuilcd to Visit
all othei means of laboi crnitment foi localities? had failed In this one clear-eut statement the commissioner
Bakehte Corporation Bound j^jlgnccd any fillther talkabOUt
Biook N J—JcHuaiv 21
Ingersoll Rand Go New Yoik CityFcbxiury 1 Inteiested in Apiil ind August ME BE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Sitiuday ii in Januaiy 30
n itional icgistiation foi women iti
the lie XI futuie
Anothei pioblem the WMC must olve scon is that one biought about by the feai of job freezing It is
Goodyeai Tire & Rubber Com- thought my many people that this
pany, Akion Ohio^—Januaiy zo and 26 Interested in Apiil ME
lb keeping tens of thousands of po teutiil laboieis out of vital defense
ChE, CE, EE Sign m Peisonnel jobs It has been stated that theSe
Office by 12 00 noon Satuiday Jan
uaiy 23
mdividu ils ill ly be unemployed and diawmg job iiwiu nice bejnefits and wint to be le employed but tWt
Phillips Petroleum Company, they aie afiaid of being Dozen in Baitlesville Oklahoma—Intel ested then job if they cue foiced to accept m Chemists ChE ME EE GE, defense employment below then Physicists who may be defeiied skills oi what they think is their fiom mihtaiy service oi m women top eaining cap icity The pnbfi^jawith education tiainmg lequired tion of a definite policy defiling with
Sign in the Peisonnel Office by job fieeziiig would piobably leduce
12 00 noon Satuidaj January 23 U S Steel Corporation of Dela ware Pittsbui gh Pennsylvania — Inteiested in men who have iiia jored m accounting auditing oi statistics Sign lu Personnel Office by Satuiday noon Januaiy 30 P R Mallory & Co Inc Indian ipolib Inui ina—Inteiested in ME
the nunibei of man houzs lost in industry and agiicultuic because bf the picsent unceitanity and ignoit ance of what action the goveinnient may tike on the question
The beacon of the fici peoples of the woild h is finally stai-ted to bum, and With its i lys these people should
EE MetE Sign in Peisonnel Office soon be able to see the Goddess of
by Wednesdaj Jimmy 27
The Peisonnel Office Ins infoima
Liberty Ihe buildeis of this beacon file vv ei e the giant Stu lings and H ihfaxes and the oiigin of the bea-
tion eonccining scholaiships uid eon was the N izi city of Beilin
tellowshipo at the following insti tutions The James F Lincoln Arc Weld mg foundation Cleveland Ohio— scholaiship fji engineeiing undei giaduates
The only wish of many people is th it Hitlei was piesent at the fire ind thit in pait this man lealized that the file will continue even though it might die out for a few months Sunday s mission of death
The New \oik School of Social is the beginning of the answer to Work, Columbia Univeisity New Hitlei s cues that Germany and es-
tvei glowing list of those now out ot euculition is that between Pi Phi Jack Bahner and Theta Peg Hart The way the marriage licenses spiikleis ind pins have been fljing mound lately we clout ‘■ee much '’ood in the new reduced 3 5o to 1 1 itio
Yoil—fellowship foi loieign stu peeiallv dents also woik study fellowship bombed
foi giaduate students
Cornell I niveisitj Ithica New Yoik—leseueh issistaiitships foi men oi women with science dej. lees National Sand and Gravel \sso ciation Reseaich I oundatioii Uni veisitv ot Maiyland College Paik Md—fellowship foi seniois gial
uates Ol staff
Any student oi stall membei in tercsled in details should come to the Peisonnel Ofliec it onti
Beilin would ncvei be
Faculty Notice
rile legular monthly mectiMg ot the Faculty will be field on Monday January 23 at 1 p m
in I lira Fowler Hall
V full ittendqnce is expected
Idvvaid C Elliott,
President
WISH ME WI RE rtlFRL It eems that the Kappa Sigs counted up tl e cost of the n any e\ tensive parties lu Id ovei the vaea tion ind all the bottles totaled up to i lound sum of something like $1 0 spent foi vaiious (youi guess lb IS c.ood IS ouib) types of bevei ages Quite i party' It is nimoied that Sis Wiley 11\ s dum to ovei $50 w oith ol d im ige ilone
PI A To Hold Dance Class For Members
Associate Professor of Machine Design in the School ol Me chanic il L gineeim; published an 01 helc in the Iinuuy 1911 issue of Industiy and Powei titled Perpetual Motion'' It Cant Be Done Prof Bolz presents a definition of the phenomenon ol the mirlie ol perpetual motion
An Advanced Dance Cl is foi PIA membeis will start Tucsdiy lebiuiiy 2 it 7 30 p m in the South Ballroom oi tlu Union. After tlm fiist meeting the classes will be held on M md ly nights The fee foi men will I c $2 50 while women will be admitted fiee The payment of these fees must be accompanied by a membei ship caid since only PIA members may take the couise lo be eligible membeis must have tikcn Pearl Allen's Elimentary Dance Class or have a w oiking knowledge of ball room dancing.
Playshop's
thud production Claudia of the season which was oiiguially scheduled foi Februiry 9 12 will 1 ot be given on the e dates The dates foi this play now hive defi nitely been ^ot toi Maith 10 I !
ARC
.TODAY tkru SATURDAY FIRST RUN HIT
— and —
nissiisim iMiim
UNIVERSAL PICTURE
Starring KENT TAYLOR FRANCES LANGFORD
PERILS OF NYOKA PATHE NEWS
lAmmm
stUn DREW * DENNING I C E - C B P H i E S
B E U U E
TODAY
FRIDAY - SATURDAY
GREAT BOOK GREAT PICTURE
MEET MARGARET-ORPHAN OF THE LONDON BLITZ.'
'JOURNEY ^MARtARET
ROei. YOUNG-LARAINE DAY FAY BAINTER • NISEI BRUCE WILLIAM SEVERN and Presenting MARGARET” O'BRIEN
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW^ A*
ItUUrsdby^ Junuary 21, 194^
{ s % X
Boilermaker "Sp'drts
Chicago the next Avcek at Columbu'5 Against the Hoositis the Buckeyes Weirc defeated quite bacjly the seoie
in thiee Confeience games Bud
W ise and T rabitz
Ohio State has i disxdvantagc is
SfufAt JoLl! WbouL JthiL
JaiLh (In the ^ext issue of the Exponent) DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST
Star Against Minn^ssbt^
4 Althbiigh the deal has not been made official as yet it is almost a eei taihty that a fieshman tournament between Illinois Indian i, Northwes tei*h and Purdue will be lun off heie in the Pieldhouse Saturday Pebiu |ry 19 The Ilhni and the Hoosiers have alieady consented to send their thinie squads Noithwestein, howevei has said nothing as yet If the ^JdCats aie not heaid fiom, Athletic Diiectoi Mackey has indicated fhat jSi^t yeai teams fiom eithei Ohio State oi Wisconsin will be invited Will Get Actual Big Ten Competition ^ This novel event-^giving the foui teams paiticipating an oppoitunity ^ get some actual Big Ten competition—will be sponsoied by the Gimlet ^ind Reahaei Clubs Two games will be played m the afternoon with the tvmners locking hoi ns in the evening a pieliminary consolation game tvill find the two loseis clashing Foui top flight games at a total {Jwst o£ about one^ha-lf of a dollar You can t beat that anywheie A Little Prejudice Toward Boilermakers Oficoursc, aftei watching Dutch Fehring s freshman ciew match the VaWiiir bhsket for basket duiing the past two or thiee months we natu will be a little prejudiced toward the Boilermakers Pehiing can use any five of about 30 peiformeis and still give any freshman combina tjoil m the Middle West a mighty tough ball game In oui estimation tl(j|b men as Lodge, Barbeiian, Eitel Maag apd two oi thiee others could jday on any coach s ball club Ef^dleman Will Be Here Btobably the most publicized player to appeal here Febiuaiy 19 will be Illinois’ Dwight Eddleman last year s high school sensation This fibjrk.haued rather slender athlete, who also can high jump in the vicinity ofiGft, 6 in , had offeis to go to about 40 or 50 universities throughout the United States r With the ‘ aid ’ of Governor Green however he was peraugded to keep his athletic talents within his native state and so was enrolled! at the University of Illinois At the beginning of the season the Illim freshmen were baiely nosed out by the now high flying Whiz Kids Iieaded by a 23 a game Andy Phillips !► Indiana Will Be Tough Indiana, as usua', has more than then share of former Hoosiei high school stars That is the ones the Riveters missed Bud Brown last year’s Gimble award winner fiom Burns of Muncie is playing on the Indiana team Payton of Richmond and Babcock of Logansport both now with the Hoosiers were lated among the best in the state last year . All three played m the Indiana Kentucky All Star g iiire along
With Lodge and Ertel
^ Nothing About Wildcats We don’t know much about the Noithwestein fust yen te uii but you can ibst assured that the Wildcats will take caie of themselves even against such air ainay of former prep school greats as will be here for the tournament Theie will be no other spoits events on the 19th so keep that date open for this gala basketball caul Boilermakers Meet Ohio State f ive For Second Double Header
By Jim Ackerman
Coming woek end the Boileimakeib will taclde the quin tet from Ohio State Uinveibity in then second doubleheadei oi tho season on the home tiooi Satin day and Monday nights Although the Buckeyeb hate not shown much in then pievious conference games, the cailj pie season t ecoid was impiessive Last yeai the Riveteis seveiely tiounced the Buckeyes in the hrst of two games on the
Boilermakeib’ flooi by the score of 45-32, but then came the second game in the Ohio State Coliseum, m which the Rivetei s got beat 46 to 40 As the Columbus flooi is alwiys i dis advantage for any te im playing on jt, both teams should be aided in then playing ability by hiving the doubleheade'r in our Fioldhou e Win 1 Lose 2 Conference Gaines
Matmei^ Hoosierl At Bloomington Satu^a Coach Claude Reeck and his defending Big Ten wrestli^ champions will lourney southward next Saturday to compete m then first match of the current season Their opponents lot this first test of brawn will be the highly-rated Hoosier maulers of Indiana University The Hoosier team, coached by versatile Billy Thom, is, according to Coach T)iom, the best Indiana University mat team since 19§14.
season Coach Reeck^is
Pallors DOaST faced with the enormous ta^k mm, g lAA* A almost a complete febuildrlftQQn ins At talent. Fouir Of
the mainstays of last yeal*s
Allen Menke
These three men highlighted the Rrvetei? attack against the Gophers from Minnesota, Saturday Duffy rnends played his usual stellar of fensive and defensive game and was a constant source of worry to the
Ed Ehlers
Gopher ball handlers Captain Menke placed himself third m the Conference scoring col umn as he racked up seven field goals in each tilt His 42 points follow Andy Phillip of Illinois and
Duffy Friend
Tom Chapman of the Hawkeyes rvho have snagged 92 and 45 re spectively Thiers played a superb brand of ball in both contests and also accounted for a major share of the Boilermaker points
to 29
In the first g ime ot the season Ohio State defe ilt 1 Ohio W^'esleyan 41 29 and then almost beat Great Likes when they lost 49 46 In then next two games they split as they lost to Rochester of New York
and then beat Kentucky Ohio Boast-, I our Veterans
Foul men from last year s Scai let ind Giaj team will oppose the Riveteis They aic Treddic Miller
j In then fust three Confer once uho leads the Ohio State scorers gabies, the Buckeyes dropped both with 31 points ind stands sixtienth games of a doubleheadei to Indiana m scoiing in the confeience Max ab Blooipington and then defeated Gecowets who has scored 21 points
of the fust game being 45 19 uid fai as getting basketball pi lyeis the score of the second even worse the Buckeye state has so many big Cibicago boWed to the Buckeyes 47 schools th it they cle in the state of
Prelirnsnaty Game Between Yearlings Precedes Main Tilt As a preliramary to the Purdue Ohio State Big Ten hardwood bat tie here Saturday night the Boilei maker yearlings will play an intra squgd game that is expected to pro duce some spirited competition The freshman squad which has been aftoidiiig the varsity stien lions opposition in practice scrim mrges will be divided into two evenly balanced groups the ‘ Reds ind the Whites it was announced by Corch Dutch Tehiing The yen lin^ game will b" undeiway when tic doors oi the Pieldhouse aie opened at 6 30 o clock and will fin ish well before the start of the v ar sity battle with the Buckeyes it 7 30 0 clod 1 01 the pui poses of the t, une lehr mg Ins dn eded his yeailm isiuants iblollows W nil Lli Toiwauls — Bob Fix Kbndile Bill otlgc M id son Ji u MeCo mid Deckel lei Peienlieigc Bi i/il llojdVoun,, ConvGise Centcis —Ren Anderso Wu s iw Don Llettnei Manual Ind an apolis Jim Howell Wanrlah Guards—Jim Ertel lipton Nit I askin Youigstown Ohio Lewis RosCyHobait J lel Viughin La fayette RIDS 1 orw lids — I owell Applegate New Wavcily Bill Borbciian Hai vey 111 Leroy Brutu Piiic Vil laf,c Mei ton Peteisoi Sioux Fills S Dal Bill Robbins West Lai ly
etto
Ccnteis Joe Colin West La layette Jim Sti iwbiidge South Side Fort Wayne Ed Stutevillo Attica Guaids—Bob A^new Laiayelte Charles H i ig Bosso Evansville John Hing i Noith Side 1 oi t W ly ne Jim Stuekci Attic i
ill the yearling talent ind only leav 0 a few for the Columbus school One sophomoie who stands out on the eoiirt ind who ilso m ide quite 1 showing OI the giidiion is Gent Eckete I el etc who plaved fullback foi the Buckeyes 1 ist fall ind m icle i few AllAmeiicins hails iiom Eindl ly Ohio wheie he mule ill st itc basl ctbill selection Ins seaioi yen lie holds down the guaul po sition on this yens edition of the Buckeye quintet Lineup Eoi Buckeyes Iwo vetei i IS Miller mil Geeo wets pi ly the loiw irds while Whitt ind J id Dugger alter n ite it the pnoL position At the other gnird with Fekcte is Dick Shiidei who IS sometimes relieved by Bud Wise Ihc Seiilet iiul Gi ly were hindieipiied when they lost the SCI \ ites ot Bob Sh iw w ho 1 ist ye u pliyed the Inward slot Sh iw was ilso i noted lootball end but h id tc put in en 1 to Ins bisl ctbill ic tivilus toi the piesei t bceiuse ol f 1 idt s >1 Ihe g mu SiLuidiy vmH ; el iin del w ly it the isuil time ol 7 30 p ra in the 1 idtlhouse 1 receding the regulu ; me lowevei Lliei will be mintia squid ime moi g tlelushmii te im it ( oO p m
University Acts As Host To Ex-Chicogo Grid Ace
By Dave Shryer
One of the greatest sports heioes of modern times turned up at the Riveter Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon, when Lieutenant (Senior Grade) Jay Beiwanger was discovered working out on the squash courts Always a champion, Lieutenant Berwanger ran true to form in yesterday’s squash workout, as he — showed definite superiority
IM Schedules
7 00
7 V:
BASKETBALL Ihursday Jan 21 Court 1—Jean Whitlock Alpha Chi Rho \ s Delta T lu Delti Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi K->pp i lau
8 10
8 25
7 00
^ 16 8 10
8 2o
7 00
7 15 b 10
8 25
o\ ei his opponent
Beiwangei starred with the Chicago Maroons foi three seasons in 1933 1934 and 1935 This was in the dying days of the grid sport it the midway insti tution The Chicago teams though rbly coached by the iamous Clark Shiughnessy were widely 1 nown
Lambclr Chi Alph i vs Sigma +i n -i i
. , , _ , as the Conle eiice doormat in those
Alphr Epsilon
fail Epsilon Phi vs Si,„ma
Nil
Court 2—Jim Rudasics Phi Della I beta vs Kippr Sigm 1 Phi Kapp 1 Psi vs ill ingle Phi G imma Dell i vs Pi Kippa Alph 1 Sigma Pi vb Phi Sigmr Kappa Coiiil o—Pul Johnson Pi Kappi Phi \s Doll i Up silon Navy vs Beta Sij ma Psi Alpha lau Omeg i vs bignra Phi Epsilon Sigma Alph 1 Mu \s Leti Theta Pi
BVSKETBAI I Friday January 2^ Coiiit 1—Pilaiski S Rud isies 7 00 Unit 2 vs Unit 5 7 15 Unit o vs Unit 6 8 10 Unit 4 V- Unit 7
days The institution h rd undergone 1 complete de omphasization as far IS athletics were concerned and as i result then material was of a low
^lade
In 19 o when Beiwanger ap peiicd on the Maroon varsity the ^iidiion tides it the midway insti tution were it a low ebb Yet in spite of the 1 ret th it he plryed be hind an exti lordinaiily weak team Beiw an ci w is one oi the outstand mg Conference bicks dium^ his fii«t yeai of college competition Beiwangei Stais Though the iootball teams it Chi ci„o gi w worse Beiwanger grew better with erch successive year Em illy his senioi year provided the blizmg elm ix Playing with one of tire weakest squids in Maroon history Beiw ingei spiead tenor thioughout the Middle West The late Noble Kizei pronounced him to be the finest back he had ever seen tor when the M noons ind Riveters met it w is Beiw mgei who had turned an almost inevitrble rout in
The Inter fraternity Pmg Pong single will stait Thursday evening
January 21 at 4 00 Ihis is a single ' close contest elimination one mijn from a house Win-, Heisman Trophy coinnament The following fiateini This wrs 193o when he closed his ties will pierse have then man on ciieei on the gndnon He w is the court Thursday nimccl to every All Amciicin team 1 00 p m Acacn Alphr Chi thioughout the country and in ad Rho Alpha Gammi Rho Alphr clition was the ln=t player to be Krppa Lambda Alpha Tui Omega iw uded the Heismm tiophv This Bet i Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi tiophv is presented annually by the Delta Chi Delta lau Delt i Deltr dow ntow n athletic club ot New York Upsilon K ippa Delta Rho to the yens outst uulin„ plryci 1 30 p in Kappi Si^ma L i nb ^mce Bciwin^ei in t eiptuied it
ida Chi Alphr Phi Dclti iheta Phi Gamma Dclti Phi Kappi Pin Rippi Psi Phi Kappa bi„nia Phi Kippr Till Pin Sigm i Kappi Pi
llic ti ophy h is been w on by such giidnon gieits is Liiiy Kelley Clint I 1 in D ive 0 Biicn Win zei White Nile Kinniel Tom Harmon
Kippr Alphr PiKrppiPhi Sigm i Buiee Smith ind Eianl Sinkwieh Alphr Fps.lon Beiwin^er v is ilso r student „, 1' idei while ni college for nr rdcii Ihe tollowing teams will icpoit ^
till! he leted is piesidcnt ol the enioi el iss Whei ul od rbout the
tor squash practice
TJniisdaj Cou t 1 —
0 J) Delt i lau Delli 7 0 Dolt i Upsilon 8 15 Ivippi Delt i Rho
Coint 2 —
K q p r Sigm i L imbd i Cin Alph i Phi G imin i Delt i
WANTA TINKER? equipment ail at EDGERTON HDW iNC E V/ VrnMctor Pies
( lo " 0 S lo
C oui t J
1) 45 7 oO b 16 I io 7 oO 8 15
t nil L 2-
t 15 7 JO b 15
C uit
1 15 7 oO
Pin K ippa bi„m i Pi Kapp i Phi Sigmi Alph i Epsilon J uday Sigm 1 Alph i Mu bipina Chi Si m i Nil Sigma Pi lau Epsilon Phi Thetr Chi Thct i 1 ill 111 ingle
greitest thrill ol his college toot bill eucci Beiw in^et itphed T U e n\ 1 nil y ou w int itli N ivv No\v’^ Iieiitcnrnt Be wWngei is now cn 1 Ikd wiih tl N iv il An Corps in 1 IS un len o iig tinning it tic Ui i \ei ity He w u very plci-,cd yvith the cunpiu ct up ml the ithlctic f icilitics oflcied by thy Lniveisity He il ) st itcd in ii he ind his lellow tliceis hid leeeiyed cxccllei t hos 1 t liny itthehn Is Ot Red M lel ev lid th ill letii dci iitmeiit Pei hi) llemeneiy u ihi-, ,, i t "til ud ihe « imbei 99 th iL he embli/oncl ri u i I yy stern rid lions 1 hi nidcd w nh ha/e in the mind otonr iny 1 ms But thosi y\ho w lines ec rmt t Bei\y mgei s pe
I n m inei s ,,otCen him
11
Half Way Mark The Great Lakes Bluejackets le turn to the Chicago Stadium Sat uiday night in an effort to halt the winning streak of Creighton’s un deieated Bluejays ranked by many as the nation s number one basket ball team In the other half of the Stadium shoyv DePaul meets Mich igan State Creighton Tough Creighton yvas one of five teams good enough to yvhip the Blue jackets last season and despite the loss of two veterans is considered even stronger m 1943 Included in Its list of eight victims are Kansas also listed m the top bracket of national leaders, Washington State Duquesne and Long Island Univei bity , Great Lakes averaging 59 5 points per game yvill be seeking its 16th victory in 18 games and its first on the Stadium floor, a jinx for two seasons The Bluejackets lost to Notre Dame a year ago anti Illi nois this season at the Stadium Back for another year at Creigh ton are For ward Ralph Langei and Center Ed Beissei yvho scored 16 points each against Great Lakes last season Joe Loisel another for ward, completes the list of veteran starters Gene Lally and Ward Gib son are the starting guards Good Defense Creighton lacks the scoimg punch of the Bluejackets but has the poise under fire that Lt Paul D (Tony) Hinkle just noyv is achiev mg at Great Lakes A 31 to 30 vie toiy over Long Island and another of 42 to 40 over Duquesne both m opponents territory indicates how effectiye the Bluejays can be in the clutches In eight games Creighton has avciaocd 45 points to 32 for op ponents While Great Lakes has been scoring its average of 59 o opponents have stored 39 47 Bob Davies ioimeily oi Seton Hall continues to lead the Great Lakes scorers although dropped to the second team for the last three games as Lt Hinkle experimented yvith his lineup Davies has scored 131 points Eddie Riska oi Notre Dame has added 119 Dick Klein of Northwestern is thud with 101 and tied for fourth are Forrest Spiowl of Purdue and Bob Dietz Butler with 98 Lineups Great Lakes probably will open with the same group that started the 60 to 54 victory over Marquette at Milwaukee last Satuiday night Wilbur Schumacher of Butler and John Hiller of Notre Dame at the forwards Klein at centei with Geoige Sobek ol Notie Dame and Gil Huffman Tennessee at the guards Davies Riska and Dietz will woik with the second unit which also in eludes Geoige Glamack ot North Carolina at centei and Geoige Hamburg of Colorado as the run mng mate oi Dietz at ginid Following IS the lem lining ^ lines on the Great Lai es end Jun 23—Creighton at Chicago St rdiiim Jan 25—Chicago at Gieit Lakes Jin 26 — Wisconsin at Great Lakes J ur 29—Missouri it Kansas City Mo * Jan oO—Kinsrs it kansrs City Mo Feb 1—St Joseph s College rt GieaL Likes Leb o—Detroit rt Detroit Mich
in
Feb 1—C noli Colic e rt Groat Lakes Leb 6—M iscon&in at Madison Ttb 8—Noi thw estei II at Gieit I il es Leb 9—I lit I oicst it Cieit Lakes ^cb 10—Cih in College it C i in 1 R ipids Michig in Feb 11—'Vliclman Stitt it Last L nsin Blichn in I tb 1 —Pill li 0 it t hie ig J St i 111 in 1 tb 16— W rslun^ton U rt S Lolls Missoni 1 ^ Leb ?t)—\itit Dune it Ch i St iduiin lel 21 Mu 11 ettt it C i it I il os lel 27—vlin tsoti it Miiuit ip oils Minn Mai t —Ixentiid y it Iruisyilk Mu s \ tu Dili It ( u t La kt s
=trong Boilermaker squad are mining from the roster and the jbb of filling then shoes presents sonte what of a pi oblem Graduation tdok Captain Casey Fredericks 128-Itr champion who is now using hfs brawn as a Lieutenant in the Marine® Bob Butt undefeated in dual n eets m the 145 pound class, vfas also lost vra the graduation Warren Gregory runner-up for % 145 pound class championship season, has transferred his ac^ivttidiB to the army The fourth lasais widget Malcolm MacDonald, bnllfdl^t 121 pounder who won the Big- Tfen title at his weight as a sophomc^e last year Mickey” is now servmfe as a midshipman at the U S NaVUl Academy at Annapolis Coach Reeck has two hold-overs from his Big Ten champions, theae two forming the nucleus for tfos year s squad These veteran. pfoT?formers are Mark Matovina, pounds and Frank Ruggien, heavyweight Other veteran possibilitifes that can be counted on are Jim Patatoie 155 pounds, Rogers Glaseman and Velmar Davis 165 pounds, and Warien Eviston, 175 pounder who placed third in the Big Ten cham^pionships last season In addition to this list Coach Reeck has found some new material that has lots pf fight but little experience Bob Pearson is shaping up to fifi the 121 pound class and Bob Platt wrll probably get the call for the 128 pound division Matovina Out The Boilermaker grapplera. Will probably be without the services of veteran Mark Matovina fortheHoo siei meet because of the fact that mauler Matovina has just been released from a local hospital SinCe the beginning of the present term Matovina has been harassed wth a serious strep throat infection If Matovina is not available for the tup to Bloomington Coach Reeck will call on one of the squad’s newcomers for the 136 pound berth Indiana as usual has a team that demands the respect of all their op ponents To back up this state ment Indiana has a record, under Thom that shows a senes of really tough grunt and groan squads at the Hoosier institution Coach Thom, pioiessional grapplei horseman arid football mentor came to Indiana in 1927 Since that time Indiana has won 101 dual mat meets, lost 18, and have tied only in two In addition to this Thom has had five uhbeaten seasons and has won sevfin Big Ten title® four of which cafile in a row This rs evidence that Mir Thom can back up his statement about this year s mat power at Indiana ^ To continue his boast about the squad this season Coach Thom says, ‘ 111 take any of them on this year, I believe weve got it We’re two deep at every weight Yes I maybe over optimistic about my boys, but I don t think so ’ Judging from past records. Conch Thom may have the stuff for anothdi championship team but time decide this matter Two deep or four deep in every division the Boiterm rkei mat artists wiU give the Hoosieis 1 fight till the last gong Satin day Alcoa Workers Finish Coursd ! Twenty foiu employees of t|ie Muminum Comprny of Amet^a have just completed a tuitaon-f^fie coui-se at the University touise m metallurgy of aluminum w rs designed to give men and worn en workers some technical knowl edge ot aliuriinum foi a better un deistrnding ot the jcA they ate undeist indin,, 1 R McCormick chief metal 111 gist rt the local rluminum plant ind iirstiuctoi for the course, states tint i theoretical knowledge ot iluminuni helps new employees to rdjust themselves quickly to the woik They learn the piopeittes of rk irrinum rmt the reasons tor hea^tieatui,, the metal A new class will be oigamzcd m r short time to give ' the same instiuction to i new grouo d works is Pi Kappa Alpha social tiatermty announces the imti ition of James C Massey, Princeton Willurm Kendall, Clmton and William Thomas, Sulhvaa,^1^
'a'',"' ,
Paged
Purdue Exponent
Thursday^ January 21, 1943
Exponent Offers Wide Experience
W6AA To Hold
to Journalistic Freshmen, Sophomores
Callouts Friday In Studio At 4 P.M.
Christening Of Debris Is Brought To Light
Junior, Senior Editors To Speak
At Call-Out Friday Afternoon
By Dan Forsythe Do you have a secret yearning pounding away inside you— a craving for noise, excitement, work, fun and experience? If you have, all is fine and well—you are just the person who should come to the Exponent call-out tomorrow at 4:15 p. m. ih room 355 of the Union. Even though your desires are not quite so ambitious, you should come anyway. Any freshman or sophomore ed or coed who is the possessor of a shred of journalistic ambi :
tion and perhaps a spark of ability is asked to come to this call-out. It is being sponsored by the junior and senior members of the Exponent editorial staff and ■will be followed up on Monday and Wednesday of next ■week with a training school for the new Avorkers. Any prospective staff worker who is unable to attend tomorrow’s meeting may attend the training school next week. Lots Of Activitj Working on the Exponent provides a lot of activity and it is an interesting and varied activity. When the worker has trod his or her way down the steps to the Union sub-basement and finds himself in the Exponent office for the evening, he is greeted by the City Editor with, “Well, a worker. Take your coat off, and here’s a story you can write.” The next thing he knows is that he sitting at a typewriter, that is, as soon as he has beaten the mob to an empty one. He starts typing: immediately, but, as the case usually is, he stops and rearranges all his ideas for the venture ahead. • Writiifg'news stores is (ask any Exponent workei) one of the most interesting parts of Exponent woi’k. It is quite different from writingthemes for English—the main difference is in the psychology behind it. One doesn’t feel as if he is being forced into writing and, as a result, he rather enjoys the assignment. After he has written the story and maybe a few other articles, he starts writing heads for the stories which have been turned
Bob Allen Will
For Friday's Mixer
Play
countiy.
ASME
. . . student Ijraiich (d tlie Amei'ican Society ol Mecliaiucal Eneineers aiiiiounce.s Uie following ne-.v office!.s ioi the ^jning and .siininiei terms: Pjolessor it W Leutwilci, Honoiaiy Chauinan; l)a\id M Badge!, Student t'h.iii man; Evaiihon, Secietaiy ,ind 'I’u'a.sui ei-; and S. H. I.loyd, Kied Pugh, ('hue It. Piie.'i, (li.'bert F. CaiLsoii, .ind Itobei I Klega, t'ue ('bail men.
University Will Offer Red Cross Safety Course To Coeds
About this time he goes home for dinner and sometimes, like a good little worker, comes back and woiks a while longer. So goes the first day for the Conscientious Exponent workei. Covers Beat Other duties are covering a “beat” and bringing in campus news, interviewing important campus dignitaries, covering convos and lectures and taking copy across town to the typesetters. Added duties for the sophomore ed workers are reading proof at the typesetters one night a week and being Issue Editor about one every three w-eeks. Every workers, through steady, w'ell-done work, has the opportunity of being elected to a junior job when the time comes. If you think these activities interest and fit you, why not come to the call-out? Remember when and where. Room 355 of the Union at 4:15 toniorro^w evening. Might ■w'e list another incentive for your coming? To the eds: We have lots of nice looking coed workei s down here. To the coeds: We’ll have moie if you come down.
Women interested in becoming Red Cross life savers will meet to arrange for a Red Cross course for ■water safety instructors today at 7:30 in the Hygiene Room of the Meinoiial Gymnasium. Women who wish to qualify for the Life SavingCorps which participates in the administration of the Women’s Pool may also make arrangements at that time for an instruction period. The course for water safety instructors was not given last semester but is open this semester to girls who have passed the standard senior life saving- course and who are nineteen yeais old. Those who pass this course will be given Water Safety Instructors’ Certificates and will be eligible to teach swimming, diving and lifesaving as well as to act as lifeguards. The course is lecognized all over the country and is usually lequired for swimming instructors of suminer camps. The University is the only school in Indiana qualified to teach its own course in water safety instiuction and one of the few schools in the country able to do so. The standard senior life saving course given last semestei is being given again this semeseter and is still open. The class meets on Wednesdays at four with Miss Bainn as instructoi. /
Cord Day
Tickets for tomoriow night’s mixer which will feature the music of Bob Allen and his orchestra are on sale now in front of the Sweet Shop foi the usual niixer priee. The convocation in the Music Hall will not interfere with the dance in that it is beginning at 7:30 p. m. and thus students may attend both functions. IThe dance liegins at8::30p. m. f Allen and his band are recognized by those who have lieard him in the Eastern states whei e he has been playing as a leading new band. The average age ol his musicians is approximately twenty, although some of them have had experience with the leading name bands ol the
Town Girls' Club Will Meet Friday
Towhi Gills’ Club will hold a meeting Fiiday at 4 ji. ni. in loom 363 of the Union. New ollicers of the club will be introduced to the membeis and future piogram plans will be discussed. Betty King-, sports chaiiman, will exiilain basketball team jilans. Gills who aie eligible for membership in the 'fow'ii Giils’ Club aie tbo^e attending the Univeisity who live in then own homes and live with less than ihiee other girls.
All Medical School Applicants
Medical aptitude test, required for all medical school entrants, will be gi\en “Fridaj , .January 2, at 3 p. in. in Dean Enders’ office. Ml who take this test must pay a dollar lee, and are re(|uired to sign up in Dean Enders’ office before the test will be giien. This will he the onl> test of this kind to be gi^en lor a long period, so e^er.^one who is required to take the lest should do so Frida\.
Why Do We Have Coeds
Asks Inquiring Reporter
By Ed Stephenson In today’s Exponent a new idea rears its ugly head. The idea is not entirely new. For years various publications have had straw votes, “Gallup Polls”, and “Meet the Man on the Street” columns. In this issue our “Purdue Poll” will meet the public gaze for the first time. 159 coeds and 150 eds were asked the question, “Why do you think coeds attend the University?” No names were asked, and the — —
identities of contributors will
be kept a state secret.
This survey was made by stopping students in the Women’s Residence Halls, Cary
Halls, the Sweet Shop and the f*fllirCP bowling alleys to g-et a fair cross I UUUlJC llJCIC
Scholarships Given For Eight-Week Ag
section of the students. Althoug-h the answers may or may not show the true reasons that coeds come here to school, the answers obtained do give a fairly accuiate picture of eds’ and coeds’ ideas of rvhy coeds come to this University. This first attempt at a student survey of this kind on the campus was not as well organized as further ones wdll be. To obtain a lepresentative fi action of the student body, furthei polls will be made on a percentage basis. About 300 students will be interviewed, and the numbeis will be chosen pi oportionately from WRH, Cary Halls, soioiities, fraternities, and independent students. This cross section should give a fairer
Many of the short course students who have enrolled at the University this week for the eight weeks’ winter course have been awarded scholarships to help defray the cost of the training. The scholarships, amounting to ifbO each, wei’e awarded to those students who had previously attended similar courses and who had made exceedingly good glades. Classes began yesteiday for the winter course, which is a yearly feature of the School of Agricultuie. Courses offered come under the general heads of Dairy Manufactuiing. Dairy Production, General Agriciilture, and Animal Hus-
' WBAA will hold its semester callouts for staff positions Friday at 4 p. m. in the smaller audience studio in the basement of the Music Hall. Interested students, both eds and coeds should be auditioned at that time. The positions that are open to student radio workers are in announcing, script writing, dramatic parts and production. Announcers are given the opportunity to work on newscasts, musical presentations, dramatic shows and special .events. Training that the student may g-et in the musical department of WBAA will enable him to gain a knowledge of suitable music for any of the programs heard on commercial stations. Script writers will be assigned to spot announcements, musical introductions, special work and dramatic shows. Those with dramatic ability will be given parts on several of these programs now on the air. These includes Dramatized News Variety Shows and Radio Stage. Commercial broadcasting stations are pressed for talent at the present time and many calls have been made on WBAA by such companies asking for available students who have been trained here.
Merry-Go-Round
icpresentation than the present bundry. Each ot these general
(Continued from page 1) as a rumor; however, the Gold Peppers have pi omised a special bit of entertainment as their part of the evening’s gaiety. All senior coeds aie urged to wear their yellow corduioy skirts. Besides the Gold Peppers’ act, the committee hinted that other senioi coeds will take part in the between - the - halves rumpus. Although the coeds will take part, the usual honors that are given to the senioi with the longest and most artistic bit of “facial foliage” must by a long honored tradition go to one of' the masculine members of the class. The senioi committee stated that the.v ri-oukl fiown upon the raising ot mustaches by the coeds Special Dance Follow ing the game, a special dance wdll lie hehl in honoi of the cord w-eaiers. All seniors attiied in cords will be .admitted w-ithout chaij'o, -iihcreas others wdio go to the dance will be assessed $1.10 lor the affair. The dance will occupy lioth balliooms and w'lll last fi om the end of the game until 11:30 p. m. Mauiy Mahn- will supply tlie mis 1C.
“Sweet Shop survey.” Marriage Minded?
In this survey, 46 jier cent of the men believed that coeds come to the University for the solo purpose of catching and keepingjsa husband. Only 12 per cent of the coeds admitted that this w'as their leason for choosing- this school instead of some other one. In other w-ords, about one-half of the men think that our coeds aie out loi matrimony, while, accoiding to this poll, only about one-tenth of them ai c
rushing Dan Cupid.
As lar as the women aie concerned. they state in no uncertain teims that they arc here to study. Sixty-six per cent, or two-thirds of the members of the fairer sex interviewed stated that their main 1 eason lor coming- to the University W'as to study so that they could have a college education. Several coeds said that theii studies were important in their consideiation of a school because they considered a college education important m marriage. These gills stated that they w-eren’t here to hook a male, and that they would and could get theii
man elsew'hcre. Only 10 of the men thought that j to the University to study.
Atmosphere/ Attractive
About 34 per cent of the men were kind enough to sa.v that they thought oui average coed’s reason for attending was to get a college atmosphere, instead ot interpreting the actions of the girls as a gioup of man-hunteis. 13 pei cent of the gills admitted that the desire for a college atmospheie and the convenience of this school made them
attend the Univeisity
Almost an even number of eds and coeds (.seven jier cent and six pel cent respectively) thought that
topics IS sub-divided into eight or nine, giving the student a wide
choice of options.
Subjects aife taught by legular Umveisity instructors. Each student, howevei, is allow'cd to choose subjects in but one general couisc because of schedule inteifeicnce. Besides forming their ow'n club and electing theii own officeis, the shoit com so students also have many activities. They have their own glee club ami orchestra and use the Fieldhouse facilities w-hilc on the campus. A basketball tournament is one of the “customs” of the group. Al^o they hold theii ow'ii
judging contests, awaiding medals and tiophies to the winning indi-
viduals and teams.
Cost of the eight weeks’ couise, to those wdio do not have scholai - ships, langes fiom $85 to $125, dcpendin.g- on the course selected. A laboiatory fee and a medical lee are charged. No tuition is charged state residents, but non-residents
pay $25 tuition.
Winter short course will be terminated March 12. All students who successfully complete" their studies
per cent Bien be aw'arded appiopiiate
iris came certificates.
University Professors Make Industrial Movie
Professors E. S. Ault and R. W. Lindley of the University engineering staff leccntly assisted in making the film “Die Casting,” a movie describing the latest develoiiment in that fiekl. This movie was previewed yestcida.v at an open meeting of the ASME.
In aildition to the piosentation of the film, C. R. Maxon ot the New
lirls chose this as then college jus
I Jeisey Zinc Company showed his
to get aw'ay fiom home. Three per ceiit each ol men and women, w'hen interviewed, thiew up their hands m despaii and said, “God only
know's.”
Not all of tlie students inteiview'ed, especialky-the coeds, liked
display of a collection of articles
made liy the process.
“Heaven know-s that in my case it’s not my fault. Mothei and Dad made me come.” One boimcmg little
the idea of being tied down to four fieshman said, “It’s all vciy simple, Ol five reasons in their voting. I just couldn’t find any jilace else.” Some lather novel reasons for at- Eithei she is (he most aident and tending the school crojipcd up in the loyal student the school has, or no questioning of the coeds. 'I’hree one has ever told her about the 700
gills said that the only reason that they were attending the school instead of some othei one was the fact that they luul scholai .ships, and they didn’t want to waste the op1)01 tunit.v. I'kn-ceil 'I’o .Mtend One gill, when intei view'ed, said,
odd othei institutions of higher learning in America. II this particular mtei view'd evei makes another survey, he’s going to get a lew names and addi esses, and not fqi pulilication, eitlier.
(Continued from page 2) than 10,000 tons a year, and how he can get no steel or antyhing else to build a similar plant in Philadelphia —even with private funds. Down in Louisville, Fred Willkie of Seagrams, brother ofi Wendell, is chafing- at the bit because he is given the lun-around in getting materials to build a rubbei plant, again with jnivate money and again using a quick alcohol processa Finally, right in Washington a group of Senators are seeing red and saying “I told you so” ovei rubber delays. • All of w'hich illustiates the fact that sometimes Congress has done a bettor job than the Executive in prosecuting the war. If the President had not vetoed the Gillette Bill providing foi synthetic rubber from grain alcohol w-e might be bettor off today. Last summer. Senator Gillette and his Agricultural Committee pointed out that lubber fiom alcohol w-as quicker, cheaper; that it would not use up as much steel as building bignew petroleum rubber plants; and that it would benefit the farmer. • Saving Face For Officials However, the President had to save face for two high-up members of his official family. Jesse Jones had committed the nation to making rubber through the Standard of New' Jersey patent group, the same crowd which at Nazi instigation -iiithheld synthetic rubber patents from the U. S. A. Jesse didn’t want to be reversed. Also the Gillette Bill took rubber production partially out of the hands of Donald Nelson. He objected. So FDR vetoed the Gillette Bill, simultaneously asking Bernie Baluch to study the cntiie rubbei progiam and make recommendations. In the end, Baruch fioze the rubber program alieady started, because, he said, it w-as too late to change—though most of the big new' rubber plants to be built uiider the petroleum piocess, requiring about $10,000,000 w-orth of steel and coppei, still w'cie in a blue print stage. Baruch also lecommended modified nianufactuie of rubber from alcohol. So the Gillette Committee held everything, decided to play ball. Instead of tryinji^rto pass its bill over the President’s veto, it w-aited to give Jeffers a chance. But now' that Jeffers has come out publicly, warning- that tjie rubber program is seiiouslj^ delayed, and repeating some of the Senate’s identical W'ainings, Gillette et al ai e Li]) in ai ms again.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
\
By Ruth Rentsch The first Debris appeared on the campus under the guiding influence of a group of fraternity men in the year 1889. It was small and as inconspicuously bound as a college math book. Purdue eds with mustaches and Purdue coeds with coy glances graced its few pictures. Amusing cartoons and satirical rules for dress and etiquette added mer-riment, while advertisements from pills to stables lessened the financial burden. Small and inconspicuous as it was, it served to stai’t a movement to publish a yearbook every year. The following year the Sigma Chis published a similar book titled The Souvenir, which contained the first “College Widow” by George Ade. However, this book was not intended to hinder the future of the Debris. The pr-eface states, “An at'tempt has been made to avoid tz-es-passing upon the ten-itoiy occupied bjr the college annual, and the editors hope that they have sudeeeded”. In 1891 the second edition of the Debris was published. During the first years of its existence, the senior editors -w'd-e elected by a popular vote of'thc entire campus. The senior editors in turn picked their own staffs. The staffs w’ere composed entirely of men during these first yeaz-s. Today an election boaz-d composed of the four faculty advisoz-s and the four senior editoz-s selects the .staffs. The first Debris contained a caz--toon picturing a pile of such articles as glasses, books, ink, candles and the like, on which were drifting caz-ds W'hich had printed on them the names of courses, fraternities, activities, and such. Printed in large letters over all of this was Debris. Evidently since the yearbook was an accumulation of events, persons and organizations on the campus, the technically minded students named it The Debris. How-ever, sometimes this title is misinterpreted. For instance, it is said that one of the naval officei-s cun eiitly housed in the Union asked, on seeing the sign “Debris Workshop” over the office door, if that were the headquarters of the janitors of the Union.
ERC
(Continued from page 1) other details. ASTP Programs Conflict j It has been said that the Manpower Commission has xun into some conflict between the Army an^ Navy on the ASTP program'.' Both branches of the sez-viCe -vcill Use thq college training facilities ilz this progz'ani' and, technical dethjls ate' in the process of being irohed out.
Notices
No Notices will he accepted for thia after 6 p. m. on the day preceding the MSti9*
AWS Executive Board: McetiuK Thuwday, January 21, at 4 p. ni. in the AWS office. ~ COUNTHWAITE
WAA Council: Meclinu Thur.iday, January 21. at 7:1G p. m. —HENNIS i
Cheerleader!,: Piactice every nlsht this ■week at 4 ]). ni. at the FielUhguse. -SCHWAB
Cantonwine
Announces
OCD Classes
John Cantonwine, Student Coordinator of Civilian Defcn.so, announced leceiitly a new' series of Civilian Defense training classes for all organized houses on the campus. Classes aic tentatively scheduled to start in eaily Februaiy. “Wc would like to have all hou.ses which do not have a waidcn to send one to these meetings,” Cantonwinc stated yesterday. “Houses which already have w'aidens, howcvei, are requested to send leproseiitatives also.” Eighty diplomas were given last Tuesday to those w'ho succcssfull.v completed their courses. An equal number have been allotted to give to trainees this hemcstci. Classes will include training in first aid, iccognizing and combating aerial /bombs, what to do in case of an air raid, first aid for gas casualties, fire fighting, and other topics an air laid warden must know'. All details foi the new cla.s-s’cs have not been announced. Meetings w'ere held in the Chemical Engineeiing Building last semester, but classroom arrangement had not been made yet yestei day, according to Cantonw'iiie. Along with classroom instructions, it is planned to hold drills and inspections for each house. Those (hills are designed to acquaint the occupants of the houses with proper procedure during a raid.
Classified Ads
Money to lonn on diumundu, watcbri,, sUns, luprcaRc, typi'writors. Alburt’b Loan Office. 407 Columbia.
TypewriterH—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, i-i-paired, and purchased. Mimeogrnph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Mairt, Lafayi'tlo. Phone 2779.
Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask for Ueektenwald.
Wanted—Puidue students for waiters. ExpenencL not neees.snij Good pay. Short houi-s. Apply to Frank I.cnihan, Elks Club,
Lost—On.' fountain pen, near Fieldhouse. Phone 6201. Bill Gand).
Biilosa watch lost m Union, Jununrv IB noon. Call 71702. Ueward.
l/ost—Uads'h gold wrist hand Reward Call .IBGli.
latch. Elastic
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION ' TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
WANTED
Exponent Carriers
Call-
Exponent Circulation 4005
Enirlish and Speech Exams: Make-up oxam^ for HtudentH with conditionK in English an<p vSpeoch will bo held on Saturday aftfertlootu Jan. 30. at 1 o’clock in Room 201, UniVwraity Hall. Rcmoval-of-condition cards should be obtained by Fridny preccdirif? the exancilnaf tion from the English office, 108 UniV^mity Hall —CREEK '
Students: Who would like part time woi^ should gret in touch with the Doan of Offico. —GOLDSMITH
Gold Peppers: Passports are m AWS IhXK at West Desk of the Union. -MacDONAJU)
Freshman Engineers: I-rast term’s Surveying problems and notp books may ebfl tnined in room 102, CK building. Call fqif thorn before Monday, January 26. —LOMMEL,
Interfralernity Presidents Council; Members may get their council keys- at the Fmternity Affairs Office. —MORGA^^
Ag Chems: Meeting Thursday night at 7 :30 p. m. in Ag Chem building, rOom 106. Important that all attend. —LUNDRERG
Horticultural Society: Mwting Wodnea<Iay night at 7:30. UefreshmentS will be served MYERS
Lutheran Sludcnts: Everyone is invitod to a party in the church basement, 610 1^'. Ninth St . Sunday (veiling, January 21, at 7:30. -WALLACE
ME 11, 6.7, and 66: Make-up examinations Saturdaj. January 30. at 1pm, room ME 301. - AULT,
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting tomorrow At 15 in room 301 —DOTY
All Coeds: You have tonight and ne^t weik, Tuofeday through Ihuisday. to get, in three rifle practicis to be eligible for cldigi teams —WILBUR
SCA Board: Usual meeting Tuesday at 7.10 p. m. in room 56. Committees will be formed. - ANTONACCIO
Gold Peppers: Meeting ThurMiay ot 4 p. m in room 303 of the Union. Basketball tiekits will be distributed. Get tickets dt vV(bt Desk if >uu can't come to meeting. —MacDONALD '
Glider Club: Meeting Tliursday in 212 at :.jU Bring your lists of materials. —SALISBURY
War Council: Meeting Thursday at 7:15 p m. in the Student Union olfice. Very impoitant that all be there. —SLEEPER
MT 7 Students: Report to supply room today and tomorrow to be mensurerl for uniforms. -bkowh
PEW 52 Squad Leaders: Important meeting torla.v in the Women’s Gym at 6 n. irt. Everj one be theie. —BOND