'h
.vr-' ,
j MERRY^O-ROUND > Says Eskimo^ Pledge Funds Fqr War Bonds
EDITORIAL Suggests Changes In Grill Dances
SgtabliBhedlSSI
Leap Year
Volume 56# Noi 104
■liiMi
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 20, 1944
Twenty-Five Short Cutters Warned In Grass Campaign Students Give Opinions On New Fines ~ I Majority Agree With Regulations AAliZUIIICldr'
iH -f-rail-
Views Era After War
" Pjroof that the organized campaign against campus trailblazers is not just an idle threat came today with an official report that, so far, 26 names have been turned in by campus
police and shore patrol.
On Tuesday, 19 first offenders were caught taking short-cuts
Engineer Societies To Sponsor Premier Of New Sound Movie Tonight At 7:30
Robert Whitlock Will Speak
The Trailblazer
W. Dove Demonstrates New Pest Control Bomb Representatives Meet At University
Invention, Empires To Discuss New Anti-Insect Campaign
Create Problems
“I’m afraid the war is lost.' Militarily the United Nations will win, but that is no guarantee that we will so arrange things after the war that
Under discussion at the Pest Control Operators Conference, organized by the University department of entomology, and held at the University during the last several days, have been various ingenious means of curbing the activities of To jo’s creeping, crawling and stinging insect allies. George R. El-
any people will not feel that another president of the National Pest Control Operators Asso-
is necessary.” So spoke Di’. Haridas Muzumdar, distinguished Hindu sociologist and philosopher, at the first Wesley-Hillel forum held Tuesday night in the Wesley Foundation
building.
Speaking on “The Shape of Things to Come,” Dr. Muzumdar outlined his suppositions as to prob-
ciation, spoke to the conference Tuesday on the subject “Elusive Irritations”. The conference is being attended by 147 members of the associa-
tion.
The highlight of the meeting
Play shop Tells Cast Of Next Presentation
Playshop has announced the cast of Philip Barry’s hit play, “The Philadelphia Stoiy,” concerning the
was the demonstration and explana-
able happenings in the field of tech- tion by Dr. W. E. Dove of the U. S. nology, social relations and I’eligion. Bureau of Entomology of the AeroIn discussing advances in tech- sol bomb, a device invented by Dr.
nology he said that with the rise of L. D. Goodhue, also of the bureau. j i i ..i. ■ fast transportation the world is now Particulaily important use is being ^luebloods of Philadelphia and their smaller comparatively than the made of the bomb as a dispenser of ^ United States was in 1776, and it is a fine smoke of pyrethrum and ses- performance of the Purdue which are snecific kill- Playshop’s Winter season and is , , . ,
scheduled for February 10, 11 and Department. For the duration of 12 in Eliza Fowler Hall. present war emergancy classes
On Redesign Of War Goods Combined Engineering Students Branch Organizations at the University will sponsor an important meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. The all-University premier of a new sound movie which demonstrates the vital part engineering has played in streamlining our war production will be presented. The University has been selected to present the first of
these programs that are to be held at leading engineering col-
leges.
Robert C. Whitlock, president of Pressed Metals Institute, will speak on “Eedesigning of Ordnance Goods to Fit War Time Needs and War Time National Shortages.” The U. S. Army Ordnance Eedesign Program will be the subject of the meeting. Samples ot redesigned war materials have been arranged in an exhibit. Whitlock, believing that a redesign department would help solve
Coast Guard Offers Cadet Positions To Civilian Students Students May Confer With Representative
Civilian students interested in becoming cadets in the Coast Guard will have the opportunity to confer with Lt. Commander J. S. Merry-
man of the United States Coast the many problems that existed
cei’tain that advances in all fields oils,
of technology will continue for, once mg agents for the deadly anopheles the original invention is made, the mosquitoes, carriers of malaria. The other things will follow. One ques- oils are dissolved in liquid freon -12,
Guard Academy at New London, Conn. He is scheduled to arrive to-
morrow.
The Coast Guard by executive order is now operating under the Navy
within the war-time production plans, presented his idea to General Levin H. Campbell at Washington. Here the plan was considered and adopted as a suggestion and redesign section of the Ordnance Department. The addition of this pro-
He doesn’t believe in signs.
tion posed by Dr. Muzumdar was a common refrigerant, and the liquid Foster^DinaK Sarah Andrew; Mar- g" gj^ggring and a commission cepted and written into the engi-
across the campus and were warned; and yesterday only nine
students were apprehended on forbidden territory, according that possiMrity in mind!
to latest reports from R, W. Levering, University plant pro- predicts Future
rp. , . j, ,, m TT r nt the Coust Guard Academy are be- snam has proved successful, for The cast is as follows: Tracy, Kay graduated with a B. S. degree have been ac-
whether the machine age would be- is held in the bomb, a small black garet, Betty Wedge; xjiz, Marianna ^ completion of three years of neering specifications of our war come a frankenstein. He suggested container about the size of a pint Swern; Sandy, Karl Ziegler; Uncle prescribed course. goods, that it would be a good idea to keep milk bottle, under high pressure. Willie, Gerry Nadle^ ¥-12; Macau- ^ .... Examinations Production Ceiling
When a tiny orifice in the side of ley Connor, Eobm Padorr; George »-ompetitive txaminaiions , . . . Kittredge, David Siler; C. K. Dex- appointments are made At the outset oi tms war our in-
the bomb is opened'the liquid rushes
tection official. , Here is a result that may
surprise some who have been
complacently blaming this ^ Knickerbocker
campaign on newcomers to the
University: of the total 25, Pq^. $pQcial QonVO
In discussing world affairs. Dr.
..... forth and vaporizes instantly, the Haven, Eugene Levine; Seth
A m I MuzumdarTokf of the events which killing oils, completely non-toxic to LordJ* Jim Yingst; Thomas, Dale
RAF Pilot Replaces fe wanted to come to pass and Lo human beings,’condensing to an ex-
of the events he was afraid would i^^^'®mely fine smoke,
come to pass. So efficient is this smoke that jt
His vision was equality among is said that just a touch of the finger
human beings in a global sense and, valve does the job of immun-
above all, freedom for all men, for ^ against mosquitoes.
through competitive examinations, dustry was threatened by a “pro-
_ _ _ _ „ Young men who are nominated for duction ceiling.” This was due to Duffin, Elsie, Elaine Kail-May, Jane ^he several service academies are a scarcity of aluminum, brass, tin. Grimmer- Mac Jim Cro'thers. eligible^ for deferment from selec- chromium, molybdenum, manganFor those holding season tickets service until appointments are ese and ferro-alloy; in addition there and others buying single admissions i'>^ade. was insufficient machine tools prothe following information is of im- A student who is accepted as a Auction, a factor which hindered
portance. Beginning January 25, candidate will report for an exami- ™^ss output.
seats may be reserved by mail order nation at an appointed time. Exam- Large scale redesign and conver-
only six were service men; _ four were co^ds, and most were Wing Commander E. H. Harries equality can only be meaningful Members of the conference say and the box office in Fowler Hall will inations this year will be held May sion programs were the obvious sopiviliftTipdc! EAF, DSO, DFC with two when predicated on freedom. At the that the aerosol principle will find open January 31. The price of sin- 10. All expenses connected with lution to this problem; therefore the ^ bars, will speak at a special convo- present time, he said, only one-sev- countless applications in industry admission tickets is 76 cents and the candidate’s appearance before redesigning of products in critical Results of an afternoons cation in the Music Hall at 4 p. m. enth of the world’s population is and the home after the war. But at ourtain time is scheduled for 7:30 the examiners and medical board metal to less critical metal and the “work” interviewing students in the on February 11. Because of this present equipment and g p Friday and must be taken care of by the candi- conversion of machine tool-made
date himself. products to mass stamping facili-
Sweet Shop and accosting them special convocation the convocations from behind corners in the coryi- committee will postpone selecting a dors revealed some interesting facts lecturer to replace H. E. Knickerabout reaction to the campaign. bocker, who is unable to appear. After explaining the ideas be- There will be no change in the rehind the campaign to the unenlight- mainder of the convocation proened interviewees, we found that gram, they were almost unanimously for it, with varying degrees of enthusi- Seminar
asm.
Student Poll
(See MUZUMDAE, page 4)
all the available supply of pyre- Saturday,
thrum oil is going into the fight against Tojo’s little friends.
Kangaroos Hop
Film Today SKows
At Union Dance Pharmacy Progress
WAA Will Hold Mixed
Retrealion Tomorrow Night Sponsor
The candidate will be required to ties for quantity production has con(See COAST GUARD, page 4) tributed extensively to the speed . and increased efficiency of our war
industry.
“Industry for Health,” a film Friday night is mixed recreation
Union hop with a backdiop of dealing with the latest achievements night at the Women’s Gymnasium, kangaioos will be the theme of the pharmacological research and All University eds and coeds, as
PIA will sponsor its third date
... , ,, west facultv ’^’Skt dance. Lowell Mead progress, will be shown at 4 p. m. well as service men, are invited to dance Friday evening from 9 to 11 ,, ,, , 1 ' ' * , and his orchestra will play for both today in room 311 of the Pharmacy attend any time from 7:30 to 10. The dance will be held
Here are the lesults m condensed lounge of the Purdue Memorial ballrooms with the '
in rooms
stags in the Building. As on previous programs there 355 and 363 of the Union. Music
Union Monday, January 24, at 7:15 south ballioom as last week. The Upjohn laboiatories of Chi- will be dancing, ping-pong, shuffle- will be on recording. “Psychological Aspects of The plan of both ballrooms being cago are the scene of this movie, board, volleyball and badminton in The dance is being started later
Bridge and other in the evening to accommodate
continue as long ^as the stags re- phases in the production of new card games will be played in the those coming from the
form:
Frances Allen, sophomoie coed: “Service men and older students ^
certainly set a bad example for new Peace Planning” will be discussed, open has proved a success and will which depicts in detail many of the the mam gym.
freshmen by using short cuts across with Dr. Delton C. Beier, Dr. Hanna the grass.” H. Meissner and Dr. Harriet E.
Date Dance Friday Math CoUTSe Opens
Monday For Persons In War Industries
C. Ladd Mozley, district manager,
Michigan announced today the opening of a
mam in the one room. Betty Hik products destined for the corner WAA office. basketball game. ' refresher course in mathematics, ton, recently enlisted m the Wavey drug stoie. It is sponsored by the The swimming pool is to be open PIA members and dates will be available to men and women work-
Bob Esch, civilian student, jumoi. O’Shea serving as discussion lead- ^ill be vocalist, and the hours wiU student branch of the American fiom 7 to 10. Boys who use the pool admitted free while others will be ers in and around Lafayette. The
“If some good civil engmeei built these sidewalks I want to walk on thepi.” Note: Bob is m the CE school, in case you haven’t already
guessed.
Pfc. Tom Moi-roWf ASTP, foimerly a student at The Citadel, a military school in South Carolina: “I think its a darn good idea, but I think $10 IS too much to pay. It would be different if it wei e a deliberate violation, but it’s usually just a case of forgetfulness. And every-
body forgets.”
Dotty Doddridge, sophomore coed: “Civilians and old students should have enough pride in their campus to want to keep it beautiful. A beautiful campus is foi the
benefit of the students.”
Pvt. Stanley Schultz, Mamie V-12:
“It’s a pretty good idea.”
be 9 to 12 p. m.
Phaimaceutical Association.
will be chaiged a 10-cent fee.
charged 26 cents per couple.
^Today’s Women Tomorrow’ SPAR Commander Dorothy Stratton To At Convocation In Fowler Hall Tonight
Speak .7:30
course, “Puidue War Training in Mathematics,” is scheduled to open Monday evening m room 219 of the Eecitation Building. War Worker Course The course, qualifying mathematics for engineering couises, is open to persons either working or planning to work in war industries. The completed piogiain, which will be thf equivalent of two years of fundamental mathematics, will deal with manipulative skills in algebra, fundamental facts of geometry and a working knowledge of trigonometric functions. jl The class, authoiized by tne
By Jean Yargar —— — — ' ' ■ United States Office of Education, “Today’s Women Tomoriow” will College and dean of women at the never spaiing heiself but woriying stead of accepting a proffered job on Diiectors, Housemothers and 0th- tuition fiee and is scheduled to be the topic of Commander Doiothy University of Nebraska; Miss Kath- constantly about the health of her an Ottawa newspaper, she went to ers in Charge of Student Living meet each Monday and Thursday Stratton, executive officer pf the lyn McHale, general director of the staff. She sticks to a job until it is Renton, Wash., where she taught Groups, and the Liberal Science evening for twelve weeks. Its inSPARS, when she speaks tonight at AAUW and the only woman mem- finished and only then takes a vaca- physical education. Piogianr for Women in the School Sjtiuctor vvill be Willis C. Stephens, A/S James “Kip” Barker,'V-12, ly.gQ Powler Hall at a coed con- bei of the University Board of Trus- tion from conferences with high- Received Master’s Degree of Science.” graduate of the University of Chkformerly a fire control man second vocation sponsored by the Associ- tees, and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, a ranking Coast Guard officers on im- With a zest for learning qbout From President E C Elliott Miss cago and graduate instructor in class on active duty with the Pa- ated Women Students. membei of the general engineering portant matteis of policy to be set- people. Miss Stiatton enrolled m the Stiatton has leceived a most out- mathematics at the University, cific fleet: “It’s just as easy to Besides the talk by the former faculty now on leave of absence. tied. University of Chicago for her M. A. standing bit of philosophy. His Stephens has had many years qf walk on the sidewalks as on the Uga,! of Women, who is on leave of Commander Stratton is not only Daugher of a Baptist minister, and then later received her Ph. D. motto, “No great deed was ever varied and valuable experience in grass. And it keeps the lawn in absence from the University, three an attractive and extremely com- Miss Stratton moved with her par- from Columbia. She then became done by falterers asking for cer- application of the fundamentals of better condition. The bare corners other women who are nationally petent woman, but has a wonderful ents fiom one Kansas, Missouri and 'dean of giils and vice-principal of tainty,” has become her motto too. mathematics m industry and in civil detract greatly from the appearance known will be intioduced at the con- sense of humor and is admired by Kentucky town to another. But it a high school in San Bernadino, Cal. On November 23, 1942, after the engineering, of the campus.” vocation, according to Jinny Wai- all who know her. She was just was from her father that she learned Soon after this Commander Strat- bill creating the SPARS was signed. Further Information Available Betty Wedge, senior: “I think ren and Martha McCulloch, who are promoted on December 29 from an abiding interest in people and ton came to Purdue University and Miss Stiatton was sworn in as lieu- Additional infoimatioii regarding it’s just a matter of long-range m charge of the piogiain for AWS. lieutenant commander to command- liom her mother that she learned in ten years helped to increase the tenant commander She also orig- this or other war trainuig courses thinking for the sake of the future Other Speakers ei. happiness of simplicity. numbei of women at the University mated the name SPARS and has offered in this community maybe beauty of the campus. I do think 'Phey are Miss Helen Hosp, asso- Always on the Job In undergraduate days at Ottawa by a thousand. been working hard to keep the en- obtained from the Lafayette district $10 is too much; it’s too high to be ciate nr higher education of the As director of the SPARS with University, m Ottarya, Kas , she Projects which she has inaugu- listed women trained for specialized office of University War Training, effective. Nobody will seriously American As,aociation of University offices at 1300 E street in Washing- plunged into extracurricular activ- ’rated toward the education of worn- work to later release a coast guards- Michael Golden Shops, telephone believe that they’ll be fined,” Women, foimei dean of Bethany ton, D. C , she i.s always on the job, ities, After receiving her A. B , in- en are “Training School for House man for sea duty. ’ 6034.
■ <7/
W,Page 2
Purdue Exponent Thursday, January 20,
tl
Purdue Exponent
combinedi with Purdue Independent
Offrees: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhousci Phone 2792 .^Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor.... ; Busincias Manacer.. News Editor M^innfrinir Editor Sports Editor
Ellis Murpli> Mary Dills William H. Tyson ...Carol.vn Wilbur niis.sci! M. IJpe.s, .Ir
Publicarton Staff Editorial Stair Associate Editors I Jack Ablaptt, llutli M. I*ord» Madelyn A. Grotnes, jhmes T. Kich.ardsoii, Mari'iirot Y. Stciros. Jamv. Ackerman. Frank I'bylH.s Maim, Martha Leo RiBKc katy Howos. . -r. , i Associate feports Editors: Jaiyirs F. Aokorninn, Paul .Cirirucr Wiiliam .Garber, Warren C. Wrisrhl. , Service SiaIt.: Moriis. Better, (kaTricl Elias. Leo, Friedman. Jack Martire, Jay Neyvnian, Jerry Koetting, Bob Baker.
f, .. Business Staff Advcrtising'Managfer: C..L. Gaunt. Assistant AdverlisinR Manager: Betty Maney. C-irepiation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue . Night Editor: Tuc.sliurg Bay Editor: Donhan t'llv EtKlor: Mann Issue Editor: Mine Sport.s Editor: Ackerman Reporters: Yar:’.::'!*, Rimictoc, Goodwill, Billings, Richardson Goeiz Brook?. Roth. Baynes. Lewis, Streeter. Gold Martin Crist. Garr,.tt, Ri.v.gs. Georgeson. Criswell, Ehrman, Jamesoi., StaB Photographer: W. C. Tolbcr
Jtl:
ette. ■and l.)oS
tered at second class matter at the post office In Lafay Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1871j It the special rate of postage, provided for in sectiot kart of Ocioher-;). RUT, atithorizeni January 20, 192t shed on Tuesday, .Thur.sda.v and Saturday morninira dur the ye.ar,.e.';ceiJt certain vacation periods. Delivered dai!:. ■nvrier for .fl.2,T for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for i ..ter. Subscriptions may he obtained at the Exponen:
s' dr at the West Desk of the Union.
presei'i-. d for nufiuiiai Vidveftising by National Advertis Service. Inc... . College Publishers Representatives, 42t'
ison New Y^ork, N.
Cmon, ChIHuns, "Les Dance ...
. More than a month ago when the .Grill was reopened, most everyone, was perfectly delighted Yvith the prospects of having some place to dance after classes. The place was opened after week.s of complaints by civilians and service men (mostly the. latter); anyway, ■ public sentiment was demanding that somen thing" be done about the lack pf adequate recreational facilities on campus. The problem was presentea to Student Union workers'who Yvere not too enthusiastic at hiYst. HoYveY'er, they tried the music-dancing idea in .the little Chestnut room, and. the project failed. Then that pre-war haven, the Grill, 'v?,:? rejircenated into a most inviting spot. , No longer can passing students cast wistful . glances, at closed Grill dooms. The doors are open, the lights are Ioyv, the music sw'eet, the leather .seats are as soft as ever, but still only a handful of dancers can be seen there after four. Since its openiu,g, the lack of attendance has been ovcu’whelming; the Grill now hardly seems Yvorth Yvhile. Four o’clock is the “joeing hour” on this campus.. The Sveeet Shop is janrmed to the .bulkheads Yvith students clamoring for cokes and relaxation. If cokes were sold in.the Grill, YY'e believe that the place Yvould be just as popular as the Shop, for it Yvould have one niorc aeiY'antage—a dance floor. The idea of dragging one.self and one’s.coke glass aYvay from a gay, noisy Shop, all the Yvay down to a nearly empty Grill is most discouraging. In fact, student.s just Yvon’t do it. Ic is not a matter of the more.we get, the more Yve YY^ant. Obviously, the situation as it stands is not successful—not when a daily average of seY’en or eight couples inhabit the place. Students, Yvhen they spend time in the Grill,'have a .SYvell time—it’s just, tha^t the place isn’t “jumpin’ ’’—not enough people to make it interesting. Students, no.doubt, would just as soon buy cokes in the Grill, if they were available; more people would go directly to the Grill at four o’clock. Students Yvant to be Yvhere everyone else is, so every draYving card should be exploited to lure I'jeople Grill-ward. Publicity for the place has, been rather ineffective, YY’ith those subtle postei’s in the Union and meek notices in the Exponent. An idea Yvith .so many possibilities should not be left to die a sIoyv death .simply because the campu.s is -not alluringly enough informed about it. Students are rather .susceptible to good, lively publicity. . ' Oiir humble .suggestion liaYung been submitted, we hope that something Yvill be done to make the Grill more of a success;. Yve’ve been enjoying much too little of a good thing. •—m.y..s.
GRIN AM6
■ y DREW PEARSON (■ Alaska Eskimos Pledge All Tribe's Funds For War Bonds; WPB Job Filled By Maury Maverick WASHINGTON—If you are thinking twice about how much luoney you should invest in Government bonds, consider the experience of Governor Ernest Qruening of Alaska. • . Some time ago,' Governor Gruening visited St. Lawrence Island, a long narrow strip of land in the Bering- Sea so near Siberia that you can look across on a clear day and see the coast of Asia. It is tbe most noi-thwesterly area of the United States populated by humans—a series of Eskimo villages. Gruening, the fir.st governor of Alaska ever to visit the island, wanted to help prepare them tb’ resist possible invasion from .Japan. A group of Government officials had been there before, ami aske'cl the Eskimos to help throw up earthen fortifications. They said they would be glad to, except that it Yvas the hunting season and, if they did not. get their season’s catch, they would be caught short of food later in the season. “But if you will help us now,” the Eskimos were told, “we Yvill send you a shipload of white man’s food later.” - So they had helped, to a man and including soine women, in building up the island’s fortifications. However, the shipload of food never came. Governor . Gruening, arriving later, distributed rifles not only for resisting the Japs but also for hunting, and gave the natives a aeries of talks every evening about civilian defense and what the war was all
I thdependeiil: ItiMidgs
, Ah,. , what . s-weet stuff has been., inkling around .thie . campus, this week. What sweet stuff. What a mess . . . Awakened by the appalling lack of cultUreDn the campus (?) the brains at Circle Pines House have formed a choral society in com junction with their already formed string quartgt. ,* yHot-Lips“ Warrick hgs,,consented to lead this distinguished group oh their Sunday afternoon concerts with the assistance of Ray “Sweet and Low-Down” Jones. They submit as sample numbers::, , Abdul Abulbifl Ameer, Vericozni, 3 parts. ^ Rufus Rastus Johnson Bro-wn, Frauneist, 1st movement. T used to .render vocal selections myself a while back. They used to call pie “sewing machine” because I was such,, a good Singer ... Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the Reamer pledges. What else could have induced them to spend an evening in the Tower room, clad in “ui^dies,” doing gymnastics? Maybe ’twas PE 12 homework ...
“Thees wine, signors, is a leetle higher price than our regular stock—it is rare imported wine from Galifornia!”
'Capf'am Halt ... foj’mcr dcntiil oflii-cr :il tlic li)iiv(;r.sity ivith an offjfc in Lafayctic, I'la.? ,iuMt .oljlaincd lii.s D.D.S. at No.j.-fhwC'sicrn nriivcrsitv.
Ai/C Logan E. Schmadel . , alumnuK of vhe Univcr.si'ty, is scheduled to receive' his .silv-cr pilot’s wings and ofiicer’.s bar.s soon at the twin-engine advanced flying .school at Pani])a Army Air Fitdd, Parnpa, Texas. Cadet Logan was appointed to pilot training March 1,1943, took his pi-i-mary .flight training at Corsicana, Texas, and.-hasie flight, at >Slrother Field, Winfield, Kansas.
about. Finally, he approached the subject of war bonds. “Those big planes you see in the sky,” be explained, “cost money. Uncle Sam has to pay for them. Those rifles we have given you also cost money, Uncle Sam pays for them Yvith Yvar bonds. Every American citizen buys .war bonds—usually each, citizen gives about one-tenth of his salary.” Then he suggested that the tribe’s community fund had some money on hand (a total of $15,000) and the tribe might wish to'buy war bonds Yvith part of it. The Eskimos held a whispered conference. Finally, a grizzled chief reported, to Governor Gruening; “We buy $15,000.” “That’s very generous of you,” replied the Governor, “but that is your entire fund. Perhaps you bad better reconsider and .save some of that money for an cmergenc.v in case of sickness or lack of food.” Again there was a Yvliispered consultation. Agairi the chief came back and reported: “I talk to my people. They say, ‘Uncle Sam been very good to us. We give $15,000—and we. shoot Jap, too’,” . ' : That ended the matter. Champion Inside fact about the appointment of Maury Maverick as head of the vitally important Smaller War Plants Corporation of YVPB was that White House advisers favored someone else, and it was only the conscrvatiY'c business men and Republicans inside the War I’roduction Board Yvho put Maverick across. This will be news to a lot of people in Texas and Con.gress who for years viewed Maverick as a wild, lone steer. In Congress, he was a tough, hard-hitting Ncyv Dealer, introduced the President’s Supreme Court bill and'ifou.ght for all FDR’s, reforms. As Mayor of San Antonio, he cleaned up the slums and rode rough.shod over so many politicians that, at the next election, they kicked him out. Then he came to Washington to head the Government Division of the War Production Boai-d. Many p'eople viewed Maury as a lame-duck Congressman occuping. a cushy spot on the public payroll. But they didn’t knoYV Maverick. He has done one of the outstanding jobs inside the WPB, has Yvon the confi-dence-and respect of big shot businessmen who, politically differ with him completely. . When it came to appointing a new head of the Smaller War Plants Corporation, White House adviaer.s wajited Morri.s' Cooke, former Rural Electrification Administrator, an '^excellent man. The Senate Small Business Committee, staunch champions of little business, also Yvanted Cooke and put up a long fight against Maverick. - Big Busimess However, Donald Nelson and WPB moguls championed Maverick. The showdown came at a secret meeting of the Senate Small Business Committee. “Maury Maverick i.s a friend of little business and I have no doiibt.s that he would do a good job,” argued Senator Murray of Montana. “But I’m convinced that Cocke would do a better job, because of his greater all-around experience.” “If I wanted to play partisan politics, I’d be for the appointment of Maverick,” put in GOP Senator Kenneth S. Wherry of Nebraska. “From a political standpoint, it would be one of the wor.st things that could Itappen to the Democratic Party in an election year to put the fate of little busine.ss in the hands of a parlor pink like Maverick.” “You’re mistaken. Senator,” shot back Nelson. Maurj' has changed a lot .since he served in Congress. He used to be a politician, but he’s settled down sijice he became head of the WPB’s Government Division. Judging by his record there and.my o'vi'n association with him, I’m convinced we couldn’t get a better man . to run the Smaller War Plants Corporation.” Only one-member of the committee sided with Nelson—Senator Tom Stewart of Tennessee. Stewart almost brought the house down by declaring gruffly: “^yhat if Mavei'ick is a' politician? We’ve already had two businc!3s men in this job and they fell flat. ' I’m in favor of trying a politician.” In the end, Nelson took the matter tb President Roosevedt personally, and FDR okayed Maverick’s appointment. - Merry-Go-Round Though the Soviet Government prefers butter to oleomargarine tor the Red Army, it Yvelcomes marga- ' line for civilians. In fact, more than half the total tJ. S. Federal purcha.ses of margarine in 1943 were .sent to Rus.sia—nearly 50 million pounds, . , . Noyv that the Truman committee has relaxed its vigilance, waste in Army food i.s on the increase. Some of it also is quietly taken home at night. . . . The U. S. Employment Service in Denver actually yvrote a letter to a man saying they could not help him get a job because he had “top much experience”. (Copyright, 1911, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
University Calendar
: The Reamers already have the system—-Yvith pledges, anyway. The BjlQC’s to be are also spending theii' tiqie setting pins for their honorable actives’ bowiipg tournament. However, the ‘motive is obvipus,. The games only cost 14 cents that way. Incidentally, the Ream-
3:00 P.M. 6:45 P.M. 7:15 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
7:00 P.M. 7;:30 P.M.
7:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M.
Thursday, January 20 .. u Screen Review .. ....Hall oL Winter Course Society Meeting........Assembly Room, Ag Hall Ceres Open Meeting......;... ...Assembly Room, A^Hall All .Women’s Convocation...: ......Eliza Fowler Hall ASME Meeting. RoomT29, EE Building - Friday, January 21 Service Show (Service men only) : Hall of Music Basketball—Michigan ..Fieldhouse Saturday, January 22 Basketball—Michigan : Fieldhouse Dance , N. & S. Ballrooms, Union
A Letter to the Editor; ' An unpleasant fact has come ,sp
sons may have a more far-reaching effect than they had anticipated. It must be remembered that although certain individuals may not be particularly concerned with the condition of things, they do not own the University and consequently do not have the right to spoil it for'others. Such disregard has not been limited
strongly to my attention that Lfeel to the grass.but has spread to other I .have no choice but to express my things. For instance, there is no opinions on the matter. The fact is paint w'hatever ifi strewing paper that the very beautiful campus of and ■ cigarettes about the grounds the University will, at the present and buildings where special conrate, be turned into a barren waste, tainers have been provided. Notice completely divested of its verdant also that many of our traditional covering. landmarks have become scarred During the days prior to the con- along with buildings and grass. It version of this University to a war will soon be impossible to point to time basis it was a matter of pride our campus and say that we are and tradition for students tq refrain proud of our school and Cooperate from cutting paths-across tbe lawns to keep it clean, in order to save a negligible amount I protest loud and long, against of time. If perchance a student this deplorable state of affairs. I cither maliciously or absent-mind- call on all loyal students to make edly disregarded this rule it was un honest effort to remedy the con.; more than likely that he would be dition by watching themselves and approached and frequently, fined $5 others. Let us see jn'the very near for his misdemeanor by one of the future a display of some of that University guards. Recently, how- pride and spirit that has made this ever, this ruling has been ignored u great University. L, G. C.
by the student body to an alarming
and tenderness for their “production” is understandable, but to make a sacred cow out of “Scuttlebutt” is rubbing the wrong way. , Their attitude as it is reflected in their stand, shall Yve say, on the editorial which used the woi’d “fiasco” is characteristic of and consistent with,that which existed in the weeks preceding their show. Noyv sensitive little 'V-12s are driven, to a dictionary by, a word they probably didn’t know and come qp,'vyith a literal definition which horrifies, them. So offended were they that they probably stamped their foot in anger. A.nd. since the E.xponent has found it necessary to soothe their furled brow, it might reasonably be expected that it culminated in a temper tantrum. The show, little lads, according to general opinion, was acceptably good and grown-ups Yvould be content that they did a good job without getting disturbed about a Yvord which appeared in an editorial which, in turn, had a right to express such an opinion as it saw fit. The average reader, be assured also, took the word “fiasco” as the writer obviously intended it'to, be taken. People who hobnob with Life photographers and midwest newspaper reporters and have delusions of grandeur needn’t get picayunishly concerned about the literal meaning of such a word. It was a particularly good word in either sense. Sincerely; Pvt. EDWARD ANDREWS, 1546 ASTP.
ers recently trounced fhe Alpha Chi Omegas (how’d that get in ? ), and.^ are looking forward to meeting; the Gold Peppers next. Sentimental Stuff : ' Speaking of , sailors, they ate. occupying most of B. J. Allen’s: timenowadays. But then, why not? ijlt’s only natural for any Shoemaker lass : ,:■'! yi PIA, we.hope, will, not The; tfail(pg in the dust this Saturday ,.n)ight ■vidienThe girls from the yaripu's-'Iti-' depefldent houses on the campUSi aj'e being asked to send a repres^jitation of hostesses to the mixer/■ 'Rhe central planning committee f^iA'seryice men’s dan.ces are expecting:to get a better hostess,system started, so let’s all back them up. : ? . . . And, speaking of dances, ijhe SCA had a fine turnout at theip ttrst lounge dance of the season last Friday night. PIA takes over this Friday night in rooms 355 and 3^3: of the Union from 9 to 11. The. cjtnt.inuance of these dances (for.vBIA at least) depends, pn,the,,attendance tomorrow night, so if you want Friday ,night record dances YYe.’lU,be seeing ypu. If not, Yvell, even pur best friends jvon’t tell us. PIA mem? hers and dates free, others 25 cents per couple. Over WRH way we find the:,rifle chariips strutting around. .' Janie Carlson, Rosie Towne, Shirley Fix, Marion Bede and Dottie W)ilmms have good reasons, too—these RCA girls won the recent WAA riflery meet. On of these pistol packin’ manias, Rosie Towne by name, has her sights lined up with the marines at the present. Over on Grant street, I understand. I’ll be correct if I mention Lois Kraus and' the Cary Hall inmates in the , same breath. If it isn’t the Navy, it’s the Array or Marines—I’m waiting every day for the Foreign Legion to show up for a short course . . . — ? ?
degree. This fact plus the short-
age of men actin,g in thp^ capacity
of guards has hi-ought about the
rapid disapiiearunce of our grass in some very prominent points. The prestige of our or any other
school is based not‘<only on the academic .status but also :ou the appearance of the campu.s. This i.s true for several rea.sons. It shows that the economic status of the school is
sound and that it is capable of building and maintaining a fine campu.s.
Most important, however, is the fact that such an appearance is mut'c evidence of the existence of jiride and cooperative spirit on the part of the student body. There seems to
be an apparent lack of this spirit. The thoughtlessness of a few per-
Dear P. S.;
It’s a question, of whether to be amused or incensed lit the naive attitude the 'V-12s have taken about their show. To show an affection
TODAY and TOMORROW iunREmyiNAww-wiAi;.
-Uy . . . a’chasln' the cow“cow boogie homel
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
JOHNNY MAC BROWN TEX RITTER
MAKE MSLLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
'RAIDERS OF SAN JOAQUIN" —and — AMK ELLISON
"UNDYING MONSTER" — ALSO —
^1 t REPUBLIC 1 e SERI. .. In AO CHAPTERS InHHlail —^ plus ' LATEST PATHE NEWS
TODAY and TOMORROW
BLOOD ON Hen upf.a ' A vampire’s bri«j|« lives, in horrorf^
NEW BALLROOM CLASSES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed., Feb. 9th, 7 :30 P>M. ADVANCED Thurs.,feb. 10th, 7:39 P.M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wed., Feb. 16th, 6:15 P. M. ADVANCED, Thurs., Feb. 17th, 6:15 P. M.
ALLEN'S — 6f’h and Ferry Sfs.
Song and Dance! * .GioiiQE :mmi FAY HELM PATSY O’CONNOR VIVIAN AUSTIN SIDNEY MILLER and■ ' ' ■ Tlie JIV/N’ lACKSand/IUSif
Seyen Songs,. .Topped by "Lover”, "Something Tells Me", "After the Begt", "They Got vMe in the Middle of Things”
■ 'r.'
T
T t
iiHBin-It
J^hursday, January 20, 1944
Moili&rtuideer l§pwts
Page 3
DoUerihaker Mermen fu Wisconsin, in Opmef
I < fc-
X/V'
ir
HAVE YOU EATEN joL ihiL ^a^sdeJua. laisli^? Bring your guests to the Cafeteria when time is limited and a good meal is i^ dei^driLd.
JhSL fiWldjUUL TllmwiiaL IAjuml The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Grandstand Echoes
• 1 . . i ^ MICHIGAN WILL BE 'TOUGH
By Russ Lipes
^ After a series of postponements, the Boilermaker' swimming team will face its first collegiate competition Saturday when it faces Northwestern and Wisconsin in a Big Ten meet ip. the Wildcat’s fieldhouse pool. ; '^though this year’s Black and Gold squad has been touted as very strong, Coach Dick Papenguth expects this meet, the first conference one of the sea- —■ SOUitobeextremely close, with sota, won by the Gophers, Middle|;he most trouble coming from ^j It -Ki ± *1. copped the 100, 200 and 440 yard the Northwestern SWlhimers. and Mack are other The Wildcats boast five letter-^0^t3■tanding sprint^s for the Wisjhen from last year’s squad, in consin crew, a'l^dition to several transfers and Boilermaker Probable Lineup Sports For Women j Papenguth has already selected WAA volleyball was brought to the men whom he will probably use a close JHonday with the final tourfor the meet this week end. Wool- nament game between the Gold and v^rton and Huntington head the list the Blatk. The all-star players were of excellent backstrokers on the picked from the best women volleysquad, while McMullen and Barnard ball contenders in the University, lead the vastly improved breast- The Blacks were victorious with a strokei’s. In the sprints Salmon, score of 40 to 23. Each woman stuLeach and Porter will be used with dent playing in the tournament was Gorby and Gumming in support, awarded 100 WAA points on the The long distance events will fea- basis of her skill, ture Hansel and Brogan for the Riv- Since volleyball is over basketball eters. The coach expects the Boil- now has assumed the spotlight. The ermake^rs to put on a good show with first practice was held yesterday this group of merman probably lead- afternoon in the Women’s Gym with ing them to a victory in the 400 approximately 30 girls answering yard medley, and several points in the call. In order to take part in the 100 and 200 yard and quarter the intramural games the girls are mile events. required to attend at least two pracThe Northwestei’n team, who will tices. most likely offer the stronger competition of the two opponents, has Individual Scoring a well distributed swimming squad. G FG FT Pts Schmaltz and McCaskill lead the Patterson, Wis. 5 27 6 60 freestyle men and Tribble, a native King, Mich. . . 4 21 14 56 Hawaiian, is a strong backstroker. Patrick, 111. 4 21 11 53 For the long distance swims the Haag, Pur. . 4 24 5 53 Wildcats have Bob Moysey, major Grate, Ohio 2 22 4 48 letterman, and Orrin Neff, a sopho- Smith, Wis. 5 20 5 45 more transfer from Minnesota. To Wendlund, Wis. . . 5 18 7 43 compete against Bower, the Boiler- Hoffman, Pur. 4 19 5 43 makers’ only diver, is Trimple of Lodge, Pur. 3 17 8 42 Northwestei'n, a senior and one of Kirk, 111. . 4 12 16 40 the top high board specialists in the Degraw, Chi. . 3 14 11 39 middle west, and Gunderson, a V-12 Strack, Mich. . 4 17 3 37 student who won the Illinois state Judson, 111. 4 15 4 34 high school diving championship Hoim, Pur. 4 15 4 34 last season. Dick, Wis. 5 11 9 31 Wisconsin Has Star, Too Danner, la. 2 14 3 31 The Wisconsin Badgers, although Graham, N. U. 3 13 5 31 not as strong potentially as North- Ward, N. U. . 3 15 $ 30 Western, boast sevei-al outstanding Shields, Ind. 3 11 7 29 ipen. In a dual meet with Minne- Risen, Ohio . 2 14 1 29
* Our predictions last week about the potential threat of Minnesota’s basketball squad to the Boilermakers’ winning streak weilt a little haywire. However, we can guarantee that the forthcoming twin bill with Michigan will in no way be the pushover that the Gophers were. Despite the fact that the Wolverines have won only one conference tilt, while losing three, so far this season, they are determined to knock the Rfveter machine out of first place irt the conference, and they have a squald that is capable of doing it. One of the conference’s leading scorers, Michigan’s ‘Tom King, a marine trainee who was on Michigan State’s freshman sqpad last season, is a definite threat on anybody’s floor. Dave Strack, a gitard on last year’s team, is now playing forward because of his scoring aibility. Michigan’s coach, Benny Oosterbaan, will be counting heavily upon these two men for his points. ’
Tom King
HIRSCH IS SPARKPLUG OP CLUB In addition there is Elroy “Crazy Legs” Hirsch, of football fame both at Michigan and Wisconsin. Boilermaker gridiron fans alj too well remember his performance'*'when Wisconsin played here last year. Despite the fact that Hirsch is playing his first season of collegiate; basketball, having played in less than 25 high school basketball games over a three year period, Hirsch has won a starting position on the Wolvetflne squad at center and is described as “the sparkplug of the club”.-He fs recognized as a great backboard player, a spot where the Riveters have shown a definite sign of weakness.
Piggy's Quintet Will Meet Wolverines Here TomotrdW
Riveters To Strive For Perfid Slate In Michigan Doubleheader
By Jim Ackerman
With the second consecutive conference doubleheader here tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse, the Riveter cage team will strive to maintain its fiirst place in the Big Ten race by defeating the quintet from Michigan. The Wolverines are an unpredictable ball team this year, as they have knocked over the mini, y^hich was supposed to be a powerful five, but have
been beaten by Wisconsin twice and Northwestern once
22 YEAR JINX ON THE WOLVEl^INES It has been 22 years since Michigan has won a basketball game from the Riveters on the Riveters’ own floor. That was back in 1921 in the fii’st game ever played between the tWo schools when the Wolverines won by a score of 28-23. At Ann Arbor the teams have broken exactly even, each team winning, seven times. Michigan cage fans haVe their heart set on breaking that jinx, but we predict that they are going to be veiy disappointed once more.
HERE’S OUR ANSWER, PVT. WHEELER In defense of the article published on this page compaidng the physical ability of track men with ASTPs, and also in answer to the article’s critic, we would like to say that the survey as conducted by Coaches Phillips and Allen was not intended as a definite conclusion, it merely brought out the results as shown by the tests. The Army men wei-e picked at random; their records being taken from the PE files with no effort made to diffe^’ehtiate between the poorest and the best.
WHERE IS THE PURDUE BAND? It occurred to us the other day that one of the features of all Boilermaker home basketball games of the past was the presence of the Purdue band. Where has that band been for this season’s home games, or does the band still exist ? , We would like to hear that famed band give out once again at these home contests, as well as see “Spotts” up thei-e leading, as in the days of old.
Meet
The Team
By Irwin Steinberg
in conference games.
For the first time in several seasons the Wolverines have a team which is capable of winning more than their share of their
One of the most versatile athletes encounters. Turning this year to on the Boilermaker basketball team ^he fast break. Coach Benny Oosteris Paul Duffy Friend, the main- ^aan has molded a team with excelstay of the squad and the only major scoring punch. The letterman in the starting lineup, outstanding scorer on the team thus “Duffy,” a senior in the mechanical f^r this season has been Tom King;
engineering school, is playing his
third and final year with the Black
and Gold hoopsters.
Although he is one of the shortest players on the Boilermaker squad, Hoffman
Probable Starting Lineups
Phillips Will Hold Track Time Trials Last night Coach Herm Phillips held the first time trials of the indoor season for the Riveters. Tonight the remaining trials which were not run off last night will be held. The trials were held in preparation for the Boilermakers’ first meet of the season, which is February 5 against Northwestern and Chicago in the Fieldhouse. The time of some of the outstanding men and their events is as follows: 60 yard sprint, Lindblad, 6.4 sec.; 440 yard, Biele, 52.1 sec.; mile, Ericsson, 4.35 min.; low hurdles, Steider, 7.6 sec,; high jump, Stirdevint, 5 ft. 8 in.; pole vault, Monical and White, 10 ft. 10 in. Wrestling Schedule Jan. 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb. 8—DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at North-
western.
Athletic Officials To Meet In Chicago This Week Three members of the Boilermaker athletic department—Homer Allen, Chief Clevett and Larry Labree—will attend a meeting of midwestern athletic officials in Chicago
Friday and Saturday.
The purpose of the meeting is to discuss the Army and Navy physical preparedness programs being carried on at the various schools and to make an effort to get a maximum uniformity out of these programs so as to better prepare these men for their leturn tp active serv-
Swimming Schedule Jan. 22—Purdue, Wisconsin, at Northwestern. Jan. 29—Purdue at Michigan. Feb. 5—Northwestern here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 19—Conference meet at Northwestern. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
. . . Wolverine forward, who played on the Michigan State frosh team last year, leads Michigan five in scoring with an average of 14 points a game in Big Ten competition. IM Schedules Ward and Fraternity Basketball Thursday, January 20 Court 1—7:20, Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Acacia; 7:35, Tau-Sigma vs. Sigma Nu; 8:30, Triangle vs. Delta Upsilon; 8:45, Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. Court 2—7:20, Theta Xi vs. Sigma Chi; 7:35, Phi Kappa Psi vs. Lambda-Pi; 8:30, Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Sigma Psi; 8:45, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Theta. Court 3—7:20, Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 7:35, Phi Delta Theta vs. Chi-Alpha; 8:30, Marwood vs. Luma; 8:46, Circle Pines vs. Warnock. Court 4—7:20, Hot Shots vs. Rockets; 7:36, Chauncey vs. Doverettes; 8:30, Owen vs. International; 8:46, Rochdale vs. Marstellar Ma-
When two jeeps carrying equipment were put out of action, telephone crews carried equipment ashore on their backs.
Pos. F. F. C. G. G.
Michigan King Strack -Hirsch . . ..Lund . Shrider
PAUL FRIEND Purdue Guard
BUY WAB BBYBS The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
Friend makes up for his lack of height with hjs excellent passing and ball handling. Basketball is not the only game at which ’’Duffy” eijcels. In addition to being a three-year man in basketball, he has also played for two seasons with the Riveter baseball team. While patrolling the outfield for the Boilermaker nine last season Paul batted for an average of .388 to rank second in hitting on the squad. At West Side, where he spent his high school days, he won letters in baseball, basketball and
football.
Friend is now in the Navy V-12 program and expects to leave the University on February 26, thereby missing the final game of the season with Indiana U. This fact should bring no joy to “Duffy,” since the team he enjoys playing irrost are those very same Hoosiers from Bloomington. In fact “Duffy” got his biggest thrill when the Riveters toppled the Cream and Criinsoir, 4138, in the final game of the 1942-43
season.
Even though Paul is never nruch of a scorer he can always be relied upon to sipk a few field goals in each
Officials: Referee, Glen Adams, DePauw; umpire, Nick Kearns, Notre Dame. Broadcasts: WBAA, Lafayette,
7:30 p. m.
a sophomore and marine trainee who transferred from Michigan State. King played for the Spartans last year on the frosh squad and did not break into the regular starting lineup of the Wolverines until after the first three or four games this season. Wolverines Have ^any Veterans At the 6ther lorward slot Michigan has Dave Strack, one of the two veterans remaining who saw action against the Boilermakers last year. Elroy “Crazy Legs” Hirsch, the dreadnaught of the gridiron and a marine trainee fi-om Wisconsin, takes care of the center berth. At one guard position is Dick Shrider, a netman who saw action against the Riveters last year here when he played for Ohio State. At the other guard is Don Lund, a veteran from Michigan’s team last season. Last year the teams split a twogame series here, the Boilermakers winning the opener 33-27 with the Wolverines taking the second game 37-34. Michigan needs at least a split this week end to remain in contention for a first division berth. The Riveters must win both games in order to remain on top of the conference race. Since the Michigan series started, 22 years ago, the Wolverines have been able to win only one game here while they have lost 13. Three of the games were exceedingly close when the Riveters won with such scores as 41-40, 1941; 29-28, 1939, and 37-36, 1925.
contest. It was “Duffy” who tied the score with DePauw in the initial game of the season when the Boilermaker s were behind with 15 seconds to play. His top scoring feat with the Riveters was 20 points against Ohio State last year. Swarming ashore with the first waves at Salerno, Signal Corps personnel set up four switchboards just behind the beaches, as well as six telegraph sets, and had a communication system going over a wide area in 18 hours.
lEG. S-OZ.
$1S1ZE
REG.
PLUS TAX
$2 FULL-PINT SIZE-tl pliutos
• Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth, in spite of chapping winds and harsh weather. Use as luxurious body rub... a flattering powder base. Buy «aw—save halflJ i».
1% f^ls?
\ ^ f' f
I * ii, I 1
^ ^r--^ ^ I ^ ' ^ rO" 4 TJ , J ^ 5 1 ^ ^ ^ U4^^ ;*- t ^ ^ S - / ^ ^ J ^ J 6 ^ ' -t £, r ».
Army, Navy, Marine News
For Service Men, By Service Men
Thursday, January 20, 1944
-V12 section 9 of Co
of
Coeds Ask Service Men
4
To Attend New Canteen Service men on catnpus have been invited to attend the third Coed Canteen fiom 2 to 4 p m Sunday at the Women’s Residence Halls, soioiitv houses and coopeiative houses, according toMitzi Konicek, who is in charge of publicity foi Student Senate, which sponsoi s the canteens Proceedings will be similai to those of the last two canteens at which games and lefresh- ■ ments occupied the afternoon 9 and 10 of Cos B and C, electncian The list fpr Sunday’s canteen mates sections 1, 2 and 3 of Cos
is as follows
Kappa Kappa Gamma— ASTP sections 2, 5, 6 of Co C. Chi. Omega—ASTP sections
6, 7, 8 of Co E
Alpha Xi Delta—ASTP section 1
of Co D
Kappa Alpha Theta—Mai me V12
1st and 3d platoons of Co F Pi Beta Phi—Naval An Cadets
Alpha Chi Omega—Naval An
Cadets , , , Delta Gamma-V12 section 8 of lequested to meet m the rx A j -D Student Senate office in the Union
Cos A and B 4. o j
.VI2 sections 6 and 7 of ^ P Reamers, Gimlets, Gold Peppers Form
Plans For Relays
Plans foi the 1944 Puidue Relays weie discussed in detail Tuesday night at a mass meeting of Gimlets Reameis and Gold Peppcis A1 though the event is not scheduled until Maich Heimon Jfhillips Uni veisity tiack coach suggested to the gioup that piepaiations on the pait of the student body should get undei way is soon as possible He also outlined some of the pioblems
connected with the lelays
Muzumdar
Coast Guard
A and B Glenwood
B
Antigomsh—ASTP section 5
Co E
Novadale—ASTP section 4
Co E
Shoemakei—ASTP section 2
Co F
Town Gills—V 12 section 1
Co D
The men invited to the town giils’
of
of
of
Phi Mu-
Co A
Women’s Residence Halls—ASTP section 5 of Co A section 5 of Co B, section 6 of Co D, section 1 of Co F Mai me V 12 3d and 4th platoons of Co E, V12 sections 7, 1 Screen Review
Thursday, Januarj
20 1944
News 8
3 34
4 45
Sky Science 10
3 42
4 53
Mexican Policy
on Parade 9
\
o 52
5 03
Hit Paiade of
x
Gay ’90s 10
4 01
5 12
Pacific Island
No 43 17
j 00
4 11
5 22
Heie at Home 10
3 17
4 28
5 39
Plying Jalopy 7
3 27
4 38
5 49
Oat
5 56
(Continued fiom page 1) themselves Man’s attachment to his native suiioundmgs, which bungs about his nationalistic feeling, and the question of extending fieedom and equality to eveiy nation, laige and small, aie stumbling blocks to this idea, said Di Muzumdai The people of Euiope and Ameiica had an advantage ovei the othei peoples 200 yeais ago m that they had the expeiimental appioach to pioblems and a sense of nationalism, and so then peisonal fieedom developed At the piesent time all peoples of the world have those tools so that fieedom should be theiis also If it is not, he said, theie aie one billion people in Asia and seveial million in Afiica who will make it theiis, thus piecipitating anothei wai He feais that his vision of a fiee and equal woild will not come to pass, since Mi Chuichill’s intei pietation of the thud paiagiaph of the Atlantic chaitei that applying to the light of all peoples to choose then own foim of goveinment did not apply to the Biitish Empne, and assumedly not to any othei em pne Only if we extend fieedom to eveiy nation, that is Mi Roose Veit’s mteipietation of the Atlantic chaitei shall we lay a sound found ation foi coopeiation foi all peo pies said Di Muzumdai Howevei he feaied that Mi Chui chill’s way would win out Di Muzumdai att icked the idea of an empne saying that it is the self allocated claim of one people to impose its will upon anothei In dia exemplifies that idea he said As a lesult he looks foi a leign of tell01 ism aftei the wai by the main woild empnes in oidei to bung then colonies back into line He men tioned Buimi and Malaya in pai ticulai
(Continued fiom page 1) take a wi itten examination in which he must attain a maik of at least 70 pel cent in both English and mathematics Eligibility Requirements The geneial lequnements foi eligibility aie 1 A candidate must be a citizen and must be between 17 and 22 on May 1 of the yeai in which he is appointed The wi itten consent of a paient oi guaidian must be fuinished if he is undei 21 2 He must satisfy the commandant of the Coast Guaid as to his good moial chaiactei and as to his having had sufficient educational op poitunities to justify his being designated foi examination 3 He must be unman led and must lemaiii unman led until his final giaduation Any cadet failing to obseive this lequiiement will be dismissed fiom the seivice 4 He must be physically sound, have 20/20 vision and be not less than 5 feet 6 inches in height 5 No pel son who has been dismissed fiom the United States Mil itaiy Academy the Naval Academy OI the Coast Guaid Academy foi impiopei conduct is eligible foi ap pointment ns a cadet in the Coast Guaid The following list of subjects fiom high school oi college must be piesented foi ciedits 2 algebia 1 plane geometiy % tngonometiy i English 1 physics 1 chemistiy and GV2 othei optional units A cadet in the Coast Guaid le ceives ^780 a yeai the same as a midshipman in the Navy Since the pay of a cadet is sufficient foi his suppoit he IS not allowed to leceive anv finincial assistance fiom home without the pel mission of the supei intendent of the academy TRT AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Bell Airciaft Corp , Buffalo, N Y —Fiiday, Jan 21 Interested in M E , AeE , C E Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p m Thmsday, Jan 20 U S Coast Guard Academy, New London, Conn—Fiiday, Jan 21 Intel ested in all students Carbide and Cafbon Chemicals Coip , New '^oik, N Y —Date of visit to be announced Sign in the Pei^onnel Office by Fiiday, Jan 21 Interested in physicists, chemists, Ch E , Met E and allied technical personnel Lycoming Division, The Aviation Corp, Williamspoit, Pa—Date of visit to be announced Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan 26 Interested in M E and AeE These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested in students f^r employment Kimberly ClaiK Corp, Neenah, Wis—Interested 111 draft exempt men ME C E Ch E , chemists and physicists Women Business Ad ministration Home Economics and physicists Sign in Personnel Office by Friday Jan 21 McQuay Norris Mfg Co, Con neisville, Ind—Intel ested in men and women chemists and physicists Sign in Peisonnel Office by Friday, Jan 21 , liiestone Tire jS. Rubber Corp Akion O—Intel ested in M E Ch E chemists physicists ineichan dising women Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday Jan 26 Standard Oil Company of New Jersey New York N Y —Interest ed in Ch E and M E Sign 111 Pei sonnel Office by Wednesday Jan 26
Notices
G E 11 G E 12 and DN 1 Condition make up examination will be held Saturday lanuary 22 at 1 p m in room 301 of Michael Golden Shops Bring complete drawing equipment but no text book Civilan students make arrangements with Registrar for fee deposit —OWEN Ait Women Students Don t forget the convocation for Commandiw Stratton Thurs day Jan 20 30 p m in Eliza Fowlei Hall Her topic will be loday s Women To morrow * —McCULLOGH PIA Board Meeting Thursday Jan 20 at 7 30 p m in the PIA loom in Union All old board members are urged to attend The difierent chairmen will be chosen —HENDERSON ASME AIEE ASCE lAeS The combined engineering branch organizations will spon SOI an important meeting on Thursday Jan 20 at 30^ p m in room 129 of Electrical Engineeiing building A sound movie about the U S Army Oranance Industrial Rede sign Program will be explained by George E Whitlock who sponsored the program The public is invited —DAVIDON Phi Kappa Sigma Call George Baugh manat 8444 concerning plans fpr banquet Saturday Jan 22 —CARLSON Civilian and Servcie Students who arc interested in writing sports are asked to leport to the Spoits Offjee on the second floor of the ricldhouse Monday January 24 at 4 p m LIPES \WCA Board meeting Friday Jan 21 at 4 1 m —HAPINENSTEIN Catalyst Party Saturday aftcinoon Meet on west steps of Chemical Engineering build ing at 3 p m —GAUNT. Chi'Eta Epsilon Business meeting in room 113 Thursday Jan ^4 at 4 p m
HITE
AWS Executive and judicial board there 18 to be a reception for Commander St^at ton in MisB Stedman s livinst room Wood Hall immediately after the convocation
-—REED
Lutheran Students A devotional ^ecting will be held Sunday in the Bast
Lounge The meeting will
Gimlet Club Sign the list at the AFO house some time tonight if you wish to attend the party Indicate whethei you in tend to take a date —RICHARDSON American Pharmaceutical AsBociaiioit Meeting of student branch in room 311 of the Pharmacy building at 4 this afternoon Will show fllm Industry for Health on newest rcseaich phases of producing aew pharmacological products for health at the Upjohn Laboratoiies m Chicago
—DUNN
Fraternity Presidents Please inform the r A O office of your mailing address —SHIFTE Scnii^rs Come to room 60 in the Union sub basement for senior picture —DEBRIS
Classified Ads
Placement Notes For Women Blown Univeisity Giaduate School announces a numbei of fel lowships scholai ships and assist tintships foi giaduate woik in a numbei of depaitments Any stu dents intei ested may obtain fuithei infoimation at the Placement Seiv ice foi Women 2955 Applications must be piesented not latei than
Maich 1944
Aimy Signal Coips units installed 700 miles of communication wue within the hist ten days of the Italian invasion Miami Beach s To Keep ’em Hying lepoits
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph woik done C P Ebershoff 605 Mam Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost—B1 le maiblc striped Parker life time fointain pen Call 8413 Room 155 Lost—Log log dc itng slide rule and ch( m engineering book—$12 reward Ed Del Ri( 1 hone 46184 351 State Street / Lost on Campus—Bnwn Shaeffci lift time lountain pen with name engraved Reward Ihone 8113 Wanda Kepnci Lost—Pur blnck lined leather gloves Sue 9* between Fieldhouse and Union Saturday night after game Reward Rich arl Tohifaoi V 12 Room 311 S E Cary I ost—R iby ring belonging to my mother m south women s k inge Union Sunday Keepsakt Rtwaid DeKay 2054 Waiter Openings Three meals a day plus $5 00 pe mor th f r w liter service Inquire it Delt Gamma soririty Heilm in Wanted—St ulent to work a waiter in frateinitv* house 1 houib pel week Call
Bob Aller 2i)0
Will gentleman w h se pei P b i rowed at M nnesotd game call 1041 Ralph For Sale—Mo 1 1 A Ford 1929 See I V Hoffman 116 Pieree lost—Lddv maro i billfold Cards ete person il vail e ii side I lease eull Ruth Klausing ^067 Reward
BOOKS GIFTS
STATIONERY
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES
m
\ OFFICE SUPPLIES "I AND EQUIPMENT Decker s Inc. 518-20 Main St. Phone 5036
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax at the Koi&L T’OjloIca,
Blue Blazer
Walnut Room Cafe O. M. Pipes/31
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery Jim, BhswuL and, fiaijUdsLi,
Get the Best!
For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell (3[t efadi^ 4th Street Annex
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE No. Nam^ *■ 24 Lodge 3 Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy 27 Frazier 30 Haag 25 Friend
MICHIGAN
No. Name 4. Strack 15. King 14. Hirsch 18. Lund 6. Shrider
SouihwfftiKi, SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to yon, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer yon tlie largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES . Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
Wdid Ldmbtil
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner ol Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Main
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S