'“^ . ‘ '• * < ^ f ■' H* *
a— •1^
>. "‘J'' \ 4 1 « ; 4
fbitORS INTRODUCE Hunt, Hass; Winners Of Teacher's Awards
'''' -V-J^MvH/JS
" - ‘' 'li, if?
\
EstablUhed 1889
^ Daily Since 1906
COED PAPER TODAY ;?
Jake Over Eds^ jobs; Edit Copy, Headlines
Volume 53, No. 175
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, April 23, 1^2
ClU ittsaMTOH MERRY-«0-ROUH
Student Senate Local Coed Coeds To Receive
WAA Skins Tuesday
By Dreir Pearson and Robert S. Allen Attorney General Prepares Attack On Dies Committee WASHINGTON, April 22—There was a very good r'eason for the hot crack of Attorney General Francis fiddle that Martin Dies is a muddling “amateur” investigator. Biddle believes the Justice Department has the Texas congressional sleuth over a barrel, and the surprise crack was the opening shot of a fusillade soon to be fired. In a long scries of reports, Dies has charged that more than 1,200 Communists and fellow ti’avellers have jobs in government agencies in Washington. Recently their names plus Dies’ evidence wei-c turned over to super sleuth J, Edgar Hoover for a further probe, before dismissing all those actually found to be Reds. The FBI investigation has now been completed and the report is in Biddle’s hands. The report declares that Dies’ charges arc unfounded in all but a few instances. And even most of these ai’o borderline. But to remove all possibility of contfoversy, Biddle has taken still another precaution, by appointing UndOrSecretar’y of the Interior Dempsey, Undersecretary of Commerce Thylor, and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Gaston to go over the FBI report and make a repoi't on the report. • Roosevelt' And Wallace When Biddle got the FBI report he showed it to the President and remarked: “I’ve really got Dies on the run this time.” To which the President is reported to have I’cplied: “You mean he had you on the run until Henry kicked him into your corner.” The President’s reference was to Henry Wallace’s scathing denunciation of Dies when Dies claimed 35 employes of the Boardi of Economic AVarfare are leftists. (Sec MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Juniors
All juniors who hare not completed company interview list.-, or who are not interested in having inlcn icw.s, please contact the personnel Representative of your school before Saturday, April 25. W. E. Vogler Director of Per.sonuel
Will Sell Los!
t
Articles In Union Lost And Found To Offer Slippers, Pens, Hats All articles which have not been claimed by their owners from the Student Senate Lost and Found will go on sale today at the pnnual Lost and Found sale to be held in room 267 of the Union. The sale will run from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomorrow although no sales will be made during the lunch hour. A pair of women’s formal slippers, a log-log decitrig slide rule arc among the feature attractions of this sale. The usual number of books, colored kerchiefs, pens, hats and other articles of clothing make up the 400 or so articles to be sold. Reasonable Prices ' Prices/will be reasonable, and no article will be offered for more than 26 per cent of its original value. The articles are collected from all the various schools on the campus, the Music Hall, the residence rooms in the Union, and other buildings on the campus. Students whose names appear on lost articles are notified by the student senate but 90 per cent of lost and found articles have no identification marks and so are not generally claimed. Don Thomas and Jack Sgndleben arc in charge of the sale. Club Will Hold Banquet Saturday night at 6 the Cosmopolitan Club, composed of students from other lands, will hold its annual spring banquet at Lincoln Lodge. Main features of the program will be the introduction of new officers, guest artist Felipe Chelala, who will entertain the gathering with his rites of magic and dancing. Guests will be President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Dean and Mrs M. L. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Vogler, Dean Fred Goldsmith, Pi'of. and Mrs. E. Brencs, Mrs. Howard Baldwin and Prof, and Mrs. R. V. Finney. C.S.Doan To Head University Club Prof. C. S. Doan, of the Math department and manager of "ticket sales for the University, was elected president of the University Club foi the coming year at the final meeting of the group held last Monday evening. Also elected at this lime were Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant Dean of Women, vice-presi-dent; and Prof. E. F. Degeving, of the chemistry depaitment, secre-tary-treasincr. The meeting at uhich the ('lections took place was in the form of a party. Dancing music was furnished by Irv Given in the South Ikillioom, and Inidge table.s were set up in tlie West Faculty Lounge foi those who wished to play.
Billiard Meet To Begin Soon By Ruth Ford Local coed billiard contest, part of an annual nation-wide tournament, will be held here May 10, it has been announced. The contest is being promoted by Charles G. Peterson, president of the National Billiard Association. Procedure Of Contest The procedure of the contest is as follows: at the same hour of the same dky coeds of universities all over- the country play; the results are reported by air mail to a centrally located spot, probably Cornell this year. Each university has a team of five coeds. Peterson will award a trophy to the winning team; prizes will be awarded to the first, second, and third place local win-
ners.
Coeds interested in learning to play or practice billiards may go to the billiai'd room of the Union to learn from Frank Whitney, who is in charge. Instructs At Army Camps Peterson, who is one of the great billiard teachei-s of the world, now gives billiarfl exhibitions in army camps. Since 1931 he has sponsored contests similar to this contest. He has visited campus once or twice a year for the last 14 years to instruct without charge anyone who is interested in playing billiards. Billiai’db is an easy game to leani. It was started in the Victorian era as a man’s game but is now considered as much a woman’s game as it 18 a man’s game. 'Golden Blackmail/ Campus Magazine, To Go On Sale Soon “Golden Blackmail” is the title of a new campus magazine which will go on sale at local newsstands next week. Editor of the publication is John Traugott, retired news editor of the Exponent. The magazine consists of 30 pages and will contain humor, satire, cartoons, and photographs of campus events. The copy, for the most part, will concern the University, and it is hoped that this publication will develop into a regular campus activity. Articles published in the magazine will be those written by college blu(lcnt.s. The purpose of the publication will ho to give the University a magazine in keeping with olhei campus magazines. Radio Club Elects Westneat President Radio Club liekl a picnic and final meeting last Tuesday. The following ollicers wx'io elected for the coming year; president, Aithui Wesliieal; sccrctary-lreasurci, Alexander Slefiicza. Plans for incrca.scd activity duiing the summei were made. Fuluie lirograni,-. include a senes of telhnical talks, movies, rode practice, sessions, and picnics.
Coeds Hear McCarn Speak
At Sports spioad At Final Counselors' Meeting
WAA skins will be awarded to
PEW Department To Offer Courses To Upperclassmen During Summer
WAA skins will be awarded to the most outstanding senior girls of the year at the Spring Sports Spread, the last official gathering of the semester which will be held at the WAA c^bin Tuesday, April 28. Each year the WAA activities are brought to a close when the skin committee comprised of staff and students select and announce the
winners of these skins. Leadership, Sportsmanship
The girls are chosen on the basis of leadership, scholarship, health and sportsmanship. They also must have won a monogram, have a 4 point accumulative index, and have had a continued -interest in WAA during their life at the University. All girls will hike out to the WAA cabin at 5:30 for the Sports Spread. After the picnic supper there will be group singing and then the awarding of numerals, monograms, cups, and skins.
Intramural Cup Given
The Intramural Cup will be given to the house, sorority, or hall that has won the most points during the school year. North Hall wa^ last year’s winner. The class cup will also be given at this time to the class having won the most tournaments. All gii’ls with a thousand points to their credit will receive monograms and those with a hundred will get their numerals. The spread is open to all girls. Tickets may be obtained for 30 cents from the WAA office or from any council member. Jane Blank is general chairman of the picnic with Shirley Emhoff, Evelyn Schuber, Jean Steigerwald, Gail Hennis and
Barbara Ford assisting.
Bob Fowler To Play For Mixer Saturday Bob Fowler featured with his marimba in the Red Norvo style will play for the Union Mixer Saturday night, April 25. Bob and his boys have been playing for many engagements throughout the state. His solo work on the marimba together with the Bobcats, a small swing combination, are fast bring-
ing him fame.
Bob, a graduate of the Cincinnati f.onservatory of Music, played with several name bands before forming
his own orchestra.
Letters spangled on blue and v*ine cambi ic will form the backdrop. Dancing will continue from 8:30 to 11 p. m. in the north ballroom of the
Union.
Applicants Musi Petition For Marriage Course Dr. H. E. Wilkening has an-
nounced that all students desiring to take the marriage course for next
scmeslci must fill out theii appli-
cations including name, address, telephone numbci, faculty refer-
ence, and reason foi vvantnig to take
the coiiise and submit them to
Wilkening’s office room 310 of the Executive building by Saturday.
Universities To Send Gorkom Introduces
Independents To PIA Dance tomorrow PIA has invited I’epresentatives from the independent associations of fifteen other Indiana universities to be its guests at the annual PIA Spring Dance tomorrow night from 6:30 to 11:30 in the Union ballrooms. This step is part of a program to promote increased cooperation between the various independent organizations throughout the state. The dance will be ijiformal, and music will be furnished by Maury
Mahns.
PIA members and their dates will be admitted free, the charge for all others being $1.10. Vogler Plans War Effort As Theme Of Conference Management’s responsibility in the war effort of America will be the theme of the annual personnel conference to be held here May 16 and 16. W. E. Vogler, director of personnel for the schools of engineering and science, is planning the program in cooperation with the state personnel, employers and manufacturers’ associations, S t'a t e Chamber of Commerce, Indiana Employment Service and Indiana University. Industrial leaders of Indiana as well as from other states are expected to take part in the
program.
Appley To Speak
Among the principal speakers will be L. A. Appley, vice-president of the Vick Chemical Company and consultant on personnel for the Secretary of War; Walter Dietz, associate director of training within industry for the WPB in Washington; J. B. Haight, assistant director of the U. S. Employment Security Division at Indianapolis; Russell J. Greenly, acting chief of personnel for the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Company; Jack Walters, former personnel diiector of the Uiiivcisity and vice-president of the Revere Copper and Brass Co.; Capt. JC.'E. Kline, in charge of plant protection work for Indiana Industries; and Pi of. C. W. Becse, head of general engineering here and director of the engineering defense ii’ainmg
program in the state.
Tile purpose of the coiifeiencc is to bring out practical answers to some of the following questions. How can employees he trained more quickly? IIow can w'omcii lie fitted into industiy? Whcie can qualified employees be found? What is essential in .siiporvisoi attitudes? What IS the aiisw’ci to “sabotage?” Tlio course will he held exclusive-
ly loi seniors and those taking KUeblUr G’lVCS
the roLii.se will receive tiMi nours Cl edit The elas.s will moot oncer a w'cek from 7.30 until 9:30 p. in.
Green Guards Yesterday Mrs. Davis G. McCam, counselor to women at Northwestern
University, spoke yesterday before over two hundred coeds at the last of the series of three meetings sponsored by Associated Women Students to train coeds for counseling freshmen women next fail. Jane Van Gorkom, vice president of AWS and chairman of the orientation committee, presided at the meeting and intro- ■ r I T U IJ duced the new and old memAQ rrOSnniGn lO tlOlu bers of the Green Guard, coun-
seling honorary.
Mrs. McCarn spoke on the subject, “What Counselors Can do to Help New Students with Their Problems.” The counselor can help the freshmen make the adjustments
. , TP , T • n necessary in becoming a happy and
effective part of the University. A counselor must be with her counselee enough to know her well, and she must help her through the first few days in the new environment.
Freshmen To Hold Livestock Judging Contest This Saturday
Judging Contest will be held this Saturday in the judging pavilion on the University farm. Approximately sixty freshmen agricultural students will judge eight rings of live
stock and appear before committees counselor must know what she to give reasons for their decisions. doing and should frequently ^p Committees'.will be composed of fac- herself the question, “What ulty members and senior students needs of the new student?”
who were on the livestock judging Two Major Worries
team last semester. Ihfof. R. B. According to Mrs. McCara, all CooLey of the animal husbandry de- freshmen have two major worries partment is in charge of the event. —they will be humiliated, or
Winners of the contest will be an- that they will appear unfamiliar
nounced at a dinner to be held Sat- with college life. To illustrate hpw urday evening at the Alpha Gamma the counselor can help the new stuRhohouse. Howard J. Brandt of Wa- dent with her problems, Mrs. Mcbash, secretary of the American Cam cited several examples of good Belgian Horse Breeders’ Associa- and bad counseling at Northwestern
tion, will be the speaker. and other universities.
Good Counseling Can Help Mrs. McCara stressed the fact
that a good counselor can help her eounselee by writing a report.:joC her impression of the counsele^'a abilities and personality traita. The counselor can also help by referring the eounselee to the Dean of Women
“Screen Review,” the regular for help with her problems. Thursday afternoon of movie shoi'ts The members of the Green Guard, will present the next to the last which was organized this’ year to series of presentations for this se- honor coeds who are outstanding master in the Music Hall from 3 counselors, will act as head coUnuntil 6. selors for the fall orientation proincluded in today’s program are gram. The following coeds were the following short subjects: “Arc- chosen for membership on the basis tic in the Springtime,” a ti'avelogue of their activities last fall: Sally at 3, 4:07, and 5:14; “Movie Magic” Beall, Dorothy Cornthwaite, Jean at 3:10, 4:17 and 5:34; the “Man Ainsworth, Mary Jane Daytop, Who Changed the World” from the Charlotte Hass, Roberta Glezen,
Screen Review To Present Seven
Movie Shorts Today
Miniat^ure .Scries at 3:20, 4:27, and 5:34; “Golden Eggs” a Walt Disney cartoon at 3:30, 4:37, and 5:44; “News of the Day” at 3:38 and 4:45; “Unusual Occupations” at 3:47 and 4:54; and “Songs With Harmony” a community sing at 3:57 and 6:04.
Emily Lloyd, Virginia Rapp, Jean Miller, - Evelyn Schuber, Irene Schuster, Lois Thompson, Joan Sullivan, Mabel Vaughan and Betty
Young.
'riie following coeds who served as head coimselors for last fall’s orientation progx’am were also made
Thursday, April 30, the last members of the Green Guard: Jane Screen Review of tlie semester will Ballai’d, Nelda Byx'um, Florence he held. Movie shorts will he con- Croll, Ruth Emery, Ruth Evans, tinued during the summer session, Jean Fassnacht, Suzanne Grabfel-
starting May 7.
Talk At Diocesan Dinner
Commencement Tickets There are only one hundred extra tickets available at the present time. These will be received by mail within the next few days. Any additional tickets that may become available will be mailed as soon as possible. —GAI.A WEl'Jv COMMITTEE
By Sally Beall Three courses designed especially foi juniors and seiiiois will he offered by the dcpui'tmenl of ph,\sicul education for women as electivi's this summer. The puipose of the courses is to jirepare the students to meet the needs of the time by keeping them iiliysieally fit, providing mental relaxation and training them for rc'creationul leadership. PEW 67, offered as PEW 68 this semchtei, aims to pi ovule an oppoitnnity for junior and senior women who have completed their lequircd physical ediieution couises to eonliiuic systematic physical activity. One hour’s credit will be given foi the couise. Students may take any of the activities regularly offered to freshmen and sophomores—swimming, golf, tennis and archeiy. Since hour credit will be given instead of the regular two-thirds of an hour, supplementary reading appropriate either to the activity or the philosophy of recreation will be jequired.
Oiildooi sports will ho completed by July ]. In order to do this, ehi.sses will meet for two hour periods lu ice !i week fiom May tl to June 30 Iiidooi spoils, .sucli as swiinmiiig, will continue to meet foi two one hour |iei iods eiieh wec'k us they have this .‘'(•mester. This applies not only to the courses for juniors and seniors hut also to the re((uired lieshman and sophomoi'c work. First Aid Offered In Summer PEW 80, the first aid course to be offeied in sunimei session, is comparable to the courses given this semester except that it will be a two liour course for all who enroll. Completion of the elementary and advanced work which will be given in the Course will qualify the student for a Red Cross certificate. The insti Lictor’s course will be given this fall. The thiee houi course in recreational leadership, PEW 92, will offer practical experience on the La-
fayette jdaygiound tins summer. This ex])erience is available only to the summer classes. The course will lU'epiire for leadership in commiini1 ies. Sponsor Square Dunce On Friday and Satin day, June 19 and 20, the dejiartmcnt will sponsor a s(iuaio dance institute. Miss Theresa Boll, dance instructor in the department, and Miss Lucille Anderson, physical education teacher at Jefferson high school, will be the instructors. Miss Bell specialized in dance at Now Yoik University and did graduate work in dance at the University of Pennsylvania. Miss Anderson attended the Lloyd Shaw summei' coinse in square dancing at Colorado Spiing last summer. The institute is planned primarily for teachers of physical education and recreation leaders who must pay a $2.00 registration fee. A special latc which has not as yet been decided will be, charged for students who want the instruction.
Town Girls' Club To Hold Picnic At Happy Hollow Satin day afternoon tlie Town Ciiris’ Club will hold its first social function, a picnic at Happy Hollow. Those attending will meet in the West Lounge at 3:30 and will hike
out (o Happy Hollow.
Maigaret Craves and Duma Ireland, co-chainncn of the social committee, are in charge of all airangc-
mentb for the piciiic. WAA To Hold
Mixed Recreafion Semester’s last mixed recreation will be held tomoiiow evening from 7:30 to 10 at the Memorial Gymnasium. Volleyball, badminton, ping pong, and shuffleboard will be offered with swimming the main featuie of the evening. Dancing will
be held from 9 to 10.
Mixed recreation will be continued this summer with games on the green north of the Fieldhouse.
Prof. Clark Kuehlcr, of Noithwestorn university, was the piiiicipal spoakci at last night’s Diocesan 'Dinner, a feature of the Episcopal Diocese Convention being held at St. John^s Church, Lafayette. The dinner was held in the north ballroom of the Union and President - Elliott g'dve the address of welcome. Following Kuehlcr’s talk, Bishop Kipchoffer delivered his con-
vention address.
Silver Mask Club Elects Officers For New Year Following officers were elected at a meeting of the Silver Mask, fencing honoraiy, last night: president, A. M. Kaufman; vice-president, J. L. Tucker; secretary, C. O. Huffman; treasurer, R. F. Jackson. Winners of the beginner’s fencing tourney, sponsored by the club, were also announced.. E. H. Schwenker obtained first place and received a gold medal. R. J. Bryant obtained second place and received a silver medal, while J. P. Gibbons obtained third place and received a bronze medal.
dcr, Mary Lou Laswell, Ruth Holden, Jean Lauer, Jane McCouch, Viltgiiiia MacDonald, Margaret Meltzer, Rita Hill, Beth Ludberg, Beqkv Anil Pervine, Jane Arnold, Jettnette Rutherford, Susan Webb add Carolyn Wood. Brazil D. Oliveira . . . aviation cadet at Randolph I’lcld and a former University student, is one of 45 Illinois men training in the new basic class, 42-(x.
College Clubs Add Novel Touch By Purchasing Defense Stamps
By Jim Richdrdsoii Looking about the country, one sees many different ways of buying bonds and stamps. Student organizations are doing everything but eating defense stamps in order to bring themselves future profits and at the same time help the government. The senioi class of tlie University of Wisconsin is planning eaily for its reunion in 1952. To finance the get-together almost 500 dollars fiom the class treasuiy Was invested in defense bonds. In 1952, by the time their reunion rolls around, a profit of over 160 dollars will bo realized. While the class is saving, and at the same time, making money, the government will be able to buy 25,000 .45 caliber cartridges with the funds. Uncle Sam’s Treasury Depart-
ment is playing florist to the friternity men at Ohio Wesleyan University who have decided to give corsages made of defense stainps instead of flowers for formal dances. It is said that there is a suitable shade of defense stamp to match almost any evening di'ess. The freshman and sophomose classes of Pueblo Junior College are in the midst of a hot Campaign tp determine which class can buy the most defense stamps. The losing class will pay the music expenses at the annual Campus Day Bence. Campus organizations everywhere are adding a novel and pr«^ liable touch to their affairs with defense stamps and are buying imiforms and weapons to equip former students and others in the armed forces.
I,®
i'HiI
'4ji" '
#
^2
Pkhlue Exponent An-Ameritan !D40-'41 f Voices'. £<diWilll A<td Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 EdiHinst PhttWB After 10 p m , 5377
Editor in^diief nm iMRmMsmutini; Editor BMlnt^ss Manafccr Cil^tAtion Manftircr CoM Editor
John F Amos XHtti T Brophy John H Armstrong: William D Millard Ken K GjemrO Alice ChatGcld
Publication Staff A‘»socinte Editors Editorial StaflF R W Bo inkle D L B ilr W G Hoskins A P Hunter D W Ochiltree W L Rnfcrt Sports Staff 1) E Bre\vcr J S l')'^^^son E L Karpick R W Knetrrr Coed Staff S^IU B all Charlotte H Jean Lauer Dons ^ekennp Business Staff Ched Business Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wnpht D L Johnson Circulation Manager G H Kloiiman Accounts Mnnkfcet Trena Torrenpa Junior Coed Monagers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Hass Da> Editor Pickering
Proof Lauer Beall Sports FJitor Brewer
Reporters Riggs. Rirhnulson W Ibiir Tyson F rd Ciicrn Sty Thompson Mills Sn w Vegh Mart ndel! Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette IndianA un^r the act of Congress of March 3 1879, find at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 aet oT Octobef* 3 1317 adihonzed Janiiaty 20 1922 Ptihtish^ daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly dUtink th^ summer Session Delivered locally by car ner for ^3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00 Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ‘derviCe Ine College Publishers KopresentativCB 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
/
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Thursday, April 23,1942
MERRY-fiO-ROUMD (Continued fiom page 1) • Hors D'oeuvres Theie ib bittei peisonnl hntied between Laval and Admual Dai Ian Some Fiti chmen hope this will le tard Dalian s handing ovti the Fleet Piobably wish ful thinking In the fiist Woild Wai Laval was a pacifist he went to Switzciland to meet with othci pacifistb including Pus-'i m Mensheviks The son of a butchei Laval bccime a millionaiic he has i medieval castle in Fiance with dnvvbiige and moat State Department officnlb expect Laval’s fiist move to be fiiendlv tow aid the United States He cannot sustain the shock ot an immediate luptuie of lelations Fust token ot this policy was seen in Ambabsadoi Hem v Hav e s visit to the State De partment Instead of bunging a foimal wiitten note he was instiuctcd to eonvev the message oiallj which is mole fiiendlj • Congresmen Enlist At piesent six Repi esentatives and one Senatoi are on active dutj with the A.imj and Nav> Thev aic Senator Htnrv Cabot lodge of iMassachusetts captain U S Aimv Representative Lvndoii lohnson ot Texas lieuten ant commandei U S I\avv Representative A\ arren Magiiu<-on of ashington lieutenant commandei L S Navv> Representative Albeit I \ reeland of New Jersev captain ''U S Aimy Representative Frank C 0 nieis of New Jtisev corpoial U S Aimj Representative Eugene tVorl'-j of Texas licuten ant commandei U S Navv Representative Fi antis L Vi alter of Ftnnsvlvania lieutenant commandei U b N i\ v Besides thes'’ ':evtn scveial othei Congiessmon ue itching to volun'^cei However all irenb rs ot Con„iess are aulo malicallv eligible to deferment and although patriotic rtiotives arc apprettalcd there is anoth er side to the question w hich concerns \dminis tration leaders M hen a membei oi the Hou e jon s up it meins that h o Congitssionai distiirl- compiising uiyvvheit iiom 200 000 to a million people—is left without icp re^enlation in the hOvcinment So the Piesident ind hi3 adviseis fnnllv ietl tl it a Con les'-min best ECive hi cou tiv bv icnumng in Congiess Thtie foie Adminibtialion leidtis on C ip tc 1 Hill hiv'e le qncs ed the Mai and Navv Depailn ents to lelease ail membcis of the Fo 'e and Senite now in the armed services and leject luithei enlistments ot Cungiessn cii • Power Probe 4 poweiful lobbv i ii i 1 id Ji tl e M ishii gton scene Diiven oih oi the C iji til i lew veus i„o bj the blasting inve tigation ol Ju'-tiee Hu.,0 Blael then U S Senatoi lioni Alabin i the i til tv toiecs hive quietlv ie<-imed then undeieovei jiie"' uie l pel ilion^ Lebbv ig hcadquaiteis ut i an ofliee Innlding on downtown 14ih Slieet in ihe liait ot the eitj Inquiiies at this oFiee elicited tlK explanation th it the puipo'-e of ihe powei mteiests w is to fieihtati coipcialion with the foveininent m tlie wai etloit B t C n^ic‘''-ioi il leaif'- ted i diffuint stoij rhev claim tie efllee is heaiouiitei loi i la f e and '■ ics ive lobby i j\ /i i in g eveiv pic o^ 1 to ex-"a id public ])owei ioi ai pu po'C Fuithe noic tie lobbv ha^ had sev lal majoi sueee e in i un dc CO Cl operations fh dcleat of a big puohc j ewci e lai sion m Ai I Iras stioiglj lecommcnded bv the Pie ulent aid II Mar Pioduetien Bo d s 1 ucl quaielv at the eeo step of the lobbv L J) in arms ovei th lobhj s successes ton gigssional publit power kachis aic planning a counter attack Representative Cljdt Eliis mih tant \rkansas leader ot the House public powti bloc soon will introduce a resolution foi a sweei) uig invt-.tigation of the power lobbj Mith ( on gresB now verj investigation minded Ellis re*o hltion bodes no good lor the pcwei bovs • Merry-Go-Round Ihesident Roosevelt las indicated to Denoeiatie clnefh wlio iu,.ed Inm to teui tl < eountiv that he n ay take a tian^ eoiitmei t il li qi this si mmei—it the w 11 peimit Demoeiatie ci clidates iacin„ tough elsitiOn battles aic eigci li hive liim visit then fjlales Also the Piesident loin 1ns w inted to inspect seveial aimj t^ips and wai pioduction eenteis ]^at di Cieco and his wife the foi me i GIoi 11 Vandei but, ate living in a Washington hotel wlnle oei ilite ' fjlends tiy to wangle him a commission in the Aimv Ol Nav>
RecognizingLeather Medalist “For the gieatest contiibution to the welfare, success and leputation of the Univeisity,” Sigma Delta Chi this year awaidcd the Leathei Medal to Di Heniy B Hass, head of the Umveisity depaitment of chemistiy Di Hass’ contiibution to the leputation of the chemistiy depaitment m industry indeed has been great Since the time when he joined the Pin due faculty, the number of research fellowships sponsoied heie by industiy has increased from one to ovei thirtylive Some of the outstanding chemical developments that ha\e come fiom these lesearches aie cyclopropane, an efficient anes thetic, synthetic menthol (a synthesis announced only this week), and the vapoi phase nitiation piocess which finds application m the pioduction of such widely diversified pioducts as flooi wax and cosmetics Di Hass’ success in atti acting these fel lowships to the University and m attaining such importanj: conclusions is to be attributed to his two outstanding characteristics a lemaikable abilitj foi lealizing and coi relating ihe needs of industiy to the applications of chemical leseaich, and a knack for inspiiing his associates to a lealizatioii of the impoitance of this woik Some of the pioblems he has licked have been “toughies,” but with chaiacteiistic vigoi and exubeiance he has led and dnected the attack on the solutions of the problems Most assiuedly, his has been a majoi contiibution to the high standing of Puidue d t b Best Teacher ‘ Doc”'^ Hunt has been spending a gieat deal of time at this good teaching business— moie time than peihaps is geneially lealized smee he makes no attempt to impiess othei s with the facts that he is the best ot Purdue’s good teacheis Handicapped by the sti icily technical na true of the physical chemistiy couise^ he teaches, Hunt neveithcless has been lemaikablj- successful m putting acioss the impoitant piactical points ot his subject His student-, call him Doc he m tuin can letiun the gieetmg with the student’s own name though he has 175 in his classes each semestei But his mteicst m each stu dents docs not stop with meiely knowing his name He al,o knows such seemmgh un impoitanl (Ionian/ mstiuctois) things about the student s peisonai life as w heie he is fiom wheie he lues on campii, what actnitics he IS m, and in manj cases the name of the gill he dates most Foi the long houis of overtime he put in m his laboietoiy and outside of class m dealing up points that may he hazj m the student s mind he asks nothing m letuin but the sinceie mtciest of the student One day when a gioup of his students wme inquiring of him why hx did not accept a lucuitne position in mdustiy which a man ot his education and knowledge of chemistiy could command he meiely leplied, pointing to the sluden+s woik mg m his laboiaioiy Yes but tij to com paie the associates I would have in ind istrv with the ones I have hcie “Doc” commando the lespect of the stu dents because thev know that he is inl(iest,_d m them, then woik then studies theii lecie ational activities (iiist a‘='k the men m the Fieldhouse how olitn Doe comes abound 1o inqune about bo\s on the team) an 1 then futiue success He ba, vvoiked long and will continue to woik haicl Iti the W'^lfai of Ih men who pass thioiRdi the Umvtisity His life heie is a lesson m ood teaching j h i The Umveisity ol Wisconsin militan sei ence depaitment is tiammg 1 881 eaclels toi duty with the armv A leceiit tabulation ohovvs theie aie seven education soioiities in the nation s colleges
GRIN ANb BEAR IT
By Liehly
^ 91’’ Ch ago Tm#4 Inc * R*E U S pat Off AH Kc^ T like to look at oui 1934 headlines—leminds me of the gay, eaie-free days ”
The Ratio— 3.93
fo 1
© ®
Oui till n i un—mi im M c Icnovv V ou don t need n nili o duclion to thes'’ ncoplc volvc 1 o well stilt tn, bill lollinu /tioss tov n 'll oni ol the liwl pi! it setms s it thelanicLis 1 itiuhit i d Shill "Viuiplij hid i little tioublt with the clcvdtoi bov oi '•I on d wc siv vici vei 1^ \ littlt tnine hkc the I slcsddnLwo and the i i cst lmI V s th lootottlcpov ill I dne bon 1 c lo lop t ill ofi t! tv gici c thi S till 1 V moil in£> Joe 11 the '’wrtt ‘•hop n us i lit R i f th 1 i il ( 1 h itv —R itio— Till tit i (,i s R >0111 o 1 fa 1 (i im t Ic ill diopi i.d in to i c th ok cini) u til ill 1 St wet! The 1 1 nc—luha Mav The ii t n — tl ct the oulh 1 ly ic i —Rati - S I i..nk K lU/ui ! 1 1 town .,il H-iu Dark. 1, olie Iiiii ii it Biul t im e i Iv 1 tin 1 mo i sre appe IS spntiu i PI i DtP pi i t\ lo tl \I 1 v,c i t< h IV c Jit m th unu '’’t 11 —Patif — \y > ash soil d si I i) *k b kll lerup n 1 is pi i 1 Ik t C ) i th vv iitt \ Cl t the ol I ot ri i hi i on •vile di! no scitnid Mo Iw i it No c f,di boj voull Ind cut —Rc.t!( — n 1 liu me ( f pii 1 11 I et tm„ to bt i V e U\ ( 1 i 1 tl I i 111 fla ovo t the Alpl i Si h ise I i t V1 m to p i <1 1 1
Newman Club innouncefa the ckction ot the
tollowmR officcis president Doi othv June Goodman tieasuici Ed Johnstone stcictaiy Cl ludino ( hclmaniak women vice piesi dents Shirley Johnson I r inccs Vain han Ja> gee Ixuntz ind Bottv Fold men VKC piesuients Bob Gal lo-^lv Chules Claik Fi ink Lain ti
and DicJ\ Ro=sb ith
Jim Heiukr'^ni who e pin is now btme woi n bv lev is J oreman oi In ui inapclib On the list oi other hmig iivs is that oi George Shroyer hand mg his lew eh y ovei to Bettv Recbe of the 11 citv lo June H( ptiraii (1 Cull ) leetivii Ralph Noit oss’ p n ai d the sime hii iieivo 1 ’’o Bill VIeDoiiikl ind Nettu Gieeiiol Riil lid 11 A'ph i 1 and i 1 11 poll —Fion n list hnc jiiovikd t I .,hL tnu phe e to such
tl 1 i^s
—-R iti< — Iliits I httU utiek th it nuslit lo cheo us cll up Svlvia Polites i con V caime Dick Can s Belt pm Cl lie VIcCu’lough w i iin cd by Poh Steckei C lyllall Dottv Can he'd 1 show me otf the Phi Ct i nin i )ewtkiv o'* C ort Nelson —Ratio— ell lelovs ind coeds -,et ill th tU t mil ute bii jncss finished im fo) theie lie en'v ten d U kttloi the lutl V ones v ho will not be hcie fhi iinnui
Mengki' Will Speak Ai AASW Meeting Di Kail Menger will speak at an open meeting of the American Association of Scientific Woikeis tomonow at 7 30 p m The meeting will be held m loom 103 of the Phy sics Building Menger is the head of the math ematicis depaitment at Notic Dame The subject of his speech wijl be ‘Modem Trends in Mathematics and the lecture is open to staff members students and otheis m teiested in mathematics Union Will Hold Annual Picnic At Shafer lake Annual Union picnic will be held Sunday at Shaiei Lake with all old and new boaicl mcmbeis invited to attend The picnic is sponsoi ed each year by L M Vallely ol the Union ioi boaicl membeis and then dates Filed chicken ice cieam and punch will be seived Recreation will be low boating lollei skating and
dancing
All membei s who plan to attend sl^ould contact the Uhion office to claj Those attending will meet at the Student Union office at 12 30
Sunday ioi the picnic
Bridge Club To Hold ■ Last Party Monday Biidoe putv ol the Univei itv/
Budge Club will he held m tin I ast I acuity Lounge Moiidiv evening it 7 10 Membei s may bim^ ..lu ts This will be the 1 ist mcetiim ol the
biuifc gioup thifa seme-,tei Pi i/es w ill 1 c iw 11 (led to the lour
highe t seous toi thi six eontc t mcctmys iftei thiy hive betn
tallied
Ceres Club Tc. Feniain Active Durmg SyRimep Ceies gene 1 ig nil u il md igiononiv honoiuv t th ii li--t meetu g i tlic emo tei le i 1 It) icmnn dive c in m; the si m ic
1 11 w 1 o I
Pi ult 11 ] 1 sidi nl Ji M c pi f nt Ik
1 ' Di 1 1 It
Ward Two Wins WAA Baseball Tourney; Eight Teams Compete
WAA intiamuial baseball toul nament was completed recently with Waid 2 winning over Alpha Xi Delta m the final game The tournament was divided between two leagues composed of the eight teams enteied in the tourney Fieshmen senior, junior, and sophOrrioie teams have been organized for class competition accord Ills, to the following schedule Jua 101 s vs Sophomores, yesterday, Sophomores vs Senioi Freshmen, Fiuliy and Jumois vs Senior Iicfahmen, Monday Seirio” Frosh Team The combined Senior hieshmen team will be composed of Loiainc Biooks Maiy Dilts, Naiscy Hock ei Mu 10 1 LaFuzc, Caiolyn Wil bu) Bea Pidgeon Janet Kendall Rose Malcolm Ruth Newton, Mary Pidgeon Mdiy Ellen Scarff Vii giiiir Fitch, Opal Blagiave and Maigaret Hohnhuif, Sophomoies chosen include Eve Ijn Shell Doiothy Nicol, Betty Mil lei Jean Biackman Ruth Ross, Winnie Nesbitt, Dons Compton, Ruth Rule Elizabeth Baughman, Hu net C impbcll Robeita Thoma Jo Rink Bettj Galbnith and Rosa I nd GofI II Junioi Members Tnose on the lunun team aie Ruth Lv ins J'-ne Blink Jem Slug iw Id Bettv Soughess, Fv i Willi un on Maiv Maigaict Fonts Shill Johiibon Nanej Coopci D n E-owi Joy Wamplei Maiy Meimin Biihui I old and Velm i
Ge u
Tl im men beis iiust ittindthiee p letiee udpliv in both sell dulcd in es 11 0 ( e to ho eligible foi 1) lilts
Tau Sigma
et
1 nu il f h n ( (IP
R )1 hi is D 1 1 VT { O Pc 1 ( 111(1 Di ( llei
1 V me 1 lei
1 he 1 i e 1
1 ■'G
m(chimed engineeim., hon oiuj innounces the initiation of th( tollowing men D D Bnita C II Bennett R M Dcustoi C D llivm R 0 Pulton D E Hut G D Hiulelfaon R S Ivoib R E Km V t B Lei Cl P J Me Don ilci A A Neese C N Ross R M i’cni il D V\ Shepudson H V Sehieklei N N Spetnci E G Voll inei H M M hippo md G R Mol te 1
Ciubhing 18 inch thick conciclc and i>cntly Clacking egg shells aie cquallj- eas> roi a new two and a heU stoiv teuiing ma hine in the technological in titutc ot IkoithwcUcin Univci lU
folal Univcis'tj ci Texas cn odmcxit in the cuiicnt 'ong su sjon is 10 042 indiv iduals, 101 Icwei *1 an ioi la t v‘'ai Univdstv 01 iUi ’ngc.n ao ntcNl uvO iiit cl blood diuinq a icccnt campus ‘ blood bank” di IV c The Univeisity ol Wneonsin has become the fiist school lo send thiet full squadion, of men into the naval au loice
HELD OVER! Tire Bigqes, Litf-ic Shoy on CartfU
GAY COMLDY BOIVIANCE ( , wsthaga ffOfyaJaxy^ o£ your aiage screen and radio favorites'
l^ul on that iliess just link II o ni oui 8 V IN 1 TO M ( J( ailing Oi (oms(, n h l)ii,_hl md in w lookin,_, but nollei |j 11 tJ( ula 1 1 V bow pcilcctJv It (its See how oui skilled ojjtiatois have it stoi i (1 Its sill a t slia[)clun ss md tl mi line s, -,(( how luoothlv It s ])i( (I (\ ( II III the out ol tin w IV |)i l( ( s I idv then voull know (IK i( isoii whv e/ue//(fj ( h mm,, s 1-, su( h t siii u t hu
U9Ffl¥klT7ig
TODAY
■wnh Bert LAHR June HAVOC Buddy ESSEN Patsy KELLY
ALVtND REY and his Orchestra and THE KING SISTERS
lOOilMIIKjM yAK
With Biucg CA60T ConsJacice BENKETT Warien WiLLIAMwM - ■‘y ^
Wlin.v%day^ Ji^nt 2S, 1942
Boitermtiker imports
' = f
Cdvalcade To Feafurfe
Riveter NiHe, Runneri
With only three tank races scheduled, the Annual Galacade, to be.presented Friday, May 1, at 8:15 p.m., will offer probably Ihh- most Varied swimming program yet to be staged in the Filidhouse pool. i Sponsored by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, men and women’s swimming honoraries, the Galacade will present to Gala Week visitors many new cortiedies ' ■ and features;'including a new doub-le-giving act being petfected by ^ floating ballet act, a group backCoach, Dick Papenguth’s freshman floating stunt which will make its spring board artists. premier appearance in Papenguth’s Freshmen Perform poo}. Dolphin members will join the iWul’ray Ilubley and Jim Holder- women swimmers in a specialty man, yearling ' divers from this number and Betty Harrison and year’s squad Will do many simul- Martha Pierce will do a ballet duet, taneous dives from the low and Three ten-pound fish, fresh frqm high bbards. Accurate timing will the game reserves of the State Conplay an important factor in the servation Department, will be board feature. Other specialty div- thrown in the pool before the eveers will be Johnny Juengst on the ning performance, and varsity high-board and Herman Bauer, on swimmei's will attempt to catch the' low board, both men who saw them. Ranging from 25 to 30 inches considerable action during the var- in length, the fish will be difficult sity season. to capture, being used to the large Besides the four divers who will wlmnes of Water in which they entertain the Galacade audience have been raised, with feature dives, five spring Most Varied Program board colnedians will attempt many Many other features will combine wierd unties frdm the heights of to make the Galacade one of the the tail bojard, as well as trying most varied programs, according to many stunts from lower levels. Coach Papenguth, since his coming Triton Club members will present to the University three years ago.
Head For bes Moines Coach Hernion Phillips’. Boilermaker track squad, heading for Des Moines so'nVe time this afternoon, will be competing in probably one of the most'colorful track carnivals ever to be staged ... A Growing Concern For 32 years Drake Gniversity has sponsoi’ed the Annual Drake Relays, this year chalking up the 33rd in the memorable series of cinder and field meets. Since its organization in 1910, when 82 athletes met on April 10 to compete for honors, the Drake Relays has grown ... Qu^rt'er^MiiHon Fans . . . grown to the point'where last year more than 2,600 athletes from 86 colleges and universities took part in the Relays. It is estimated that somewhere near, 56,000 track men have performed in the Drake Belays before well over a quarter of a million spectators. A total of 70 leadinguniversities, 95 colleges, and 150 high schools have been represented . . . Purdue’s, first entry was in 1915 ...
£d Misselhorn, sophomore hurler on tile ball nine, is slated to take the rhound this aftcihiJibri Jil tilte ^ turn tilt with Notre baffle at South Sond, as i>utdi squad plays its first in a series of three road folr weekend. ., , Leaving West Lafa-yette in private cars this ffloriifir^ ^ 8:30 a.m., the Gold arid Black will journey riortlriv^rd, the Irish this afternoon, and ap- -.......-■i.. .—i., .i.■. .
B^OOO AthSetes Exjpected
... Today the Relays, commanding international attention as a “kid brother’’ to the Olympic games, is expected to draw near 3,000 athletes and 22,000 track fans ... .
Repeat Wmners
After a hard day’s working, shopping or gad-abouting, relax completely in a soft, fleecy, cloud of fragrant, luxurious bubbles. You’ll love 'it! You’ll look forward to it! Sutton’s Bubble Bath is grand ... it softens the water,. . . it cleanses . . . it leaves the tub fresh and clean. In your favorite fragrance, too. Apple Blossom, Spice, Gardenia, American Pine, .ind Honeysuckle.
2 lb. Site
$1.00
Dusting Powder
59c —
rOILETklES
STREET FLOOR
... There are-seven likely repeat winners, from the 1941 Relays, who will be back again this year to give the hordes of entrants a “run” for their money . . . out of the twelve individual winners last year one was drafted, and three graduated. Another, Al'Blozis, who set a new ^discus record of 161.59 feet and won the shot put with a heave of 53 ft. 6% in., will probably not make the long trip from Georgetown, on the coast . . . ■
Bob Back Again
Ollie Hunter III, Notre Dame distance star, will px’obably defend the two-mile run championship -which he won comfortably last year . . . that big blond from Ohio State, Bob Wright ,is expected to defend his title in the 120-yarcl high hurdles that he won in :14.6 against such elites as Pete Owens of Howard Payne, Roy Bucek of Texas A & M, and others last year .... Pole Vauli' Co-Winners Harold Hunt, Nebraska, a co-winner in the pole vault, and Herbert Grote, another Corn Husker, javelin throw champion, will be back for the 1942 Drake Relays, and dre a good bet for two firsts . . . Bill Williams, Wisconsin track captain, and co-pole-vault winner, will be back again ... Oldest Record 8n Books ... Completing the list ai-c spindly Don Boydston of Oklahoma A & M and Keith O’Rourke of-Notre Dame, two who shared the high jump crown last year. Both will again be gunning for the oldest records in the Drake Relays’ books, the 6 foot 6 inch mark left by Harold Osborne of Illinois in 1922 . . .' D'.E.B.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Nine Boilermaker runners willleave the local athletic plant this afternoon to represent the Gold and Black at the 21st Annual Drake Relays at Des Moines, la., tomorrow and Saturday. Coach Hermon Phillips and the top members of the Riveter cinderteam, headed by Capt. Paul Anthony, will make their bids for fin-ishing-points in one of the leading piid-western track and field' programs. ■ . Anthorty Beads List The yafsity aggregation will include Capt. Anthony; Bill Bancker, dashes; John Arnold, qUarter-mile; A1 Jentsch, mile run; Doll Kemp, distances; Willard Gaulke, broad' jump and dashes; George Archer, quarter-mile; Ray McLaughlin, two mile run; and Clarence Kron, hurdles. Invited to compete in a special medley relay race with other University entrants in the Drake Relays, Coach Phillips’ squad is expected to garner its quota of points in the Relays competition. Elmer Burnham . . . Boilermaker varsity football coach, will continue his round of banquet engagements which have been taking all of his spare tinre during spring "practice in a pair of appearances this weekend. Coach Burnham will be the principal speaker at a banquet for the Southport high school athletes in Marion county tomorrow night, and then will speak before the Lake County Coaches’ Association in Gary on Saturday. Sigrha Delta Psi . . . athletic tests in, the fence vault, hand stand, hand spring, and rope climb will be held this-after-noon at 4 in the Fieldhouse. . —PHILLIPS
Tennis
Goffers PI^
Oh
Facing a weekend bill tliilt iiSits for a tennis match with the Michigan racquet wielders on the logal
pearing on the Ann Arbor diamond against Michigan tomorrow and
Saturday.
Team Stays On Road
Tonight the baseball team will bivouac at the Potowatomi Inn in Pokagon State Park, bunking at Ann Arbor tomorrow night between the series with the Wolverines.
With seventeen members and a courts Saturday, and a
manager making the trip with Fehring-, the coach is hoping to be able
at Columbus, Ohio, against the Buckeye links squad, the two minor sports squads are worieing Ottt on
to conquer the Irish, in retaliation local links and cofirts. to the 12-3 loss, suffered here in the ' vie For Third
season’s curtain raiser, as Notre Coach Larry LaBree’s undefeated Dame’s hitters pounded the local court team, boasting victories, over moundsmen out of the boxi Walt Butler Gniversity and Ball . State Leifheit, veteran pitcher, is sched- Teachers College, will attethUrt to uled to open the series with Micbi- extend its victoi-y string to GrtOe gan, and Paul Petrich, sophomore wins against the Wolverines ficre. hurler, listed to start on Saturday. Michigan’s Conference chattips Tony Berto, southpaw, and Tom given the edge over the (toM aird Imes will be available for relief Black troupe, despite the t-^o Vic-
roles. tories.
Fehring Names Travelers Ray Lucht, tennis captain, arid The complete' Boilermaker travel- Gus Armstrong, veteran ace,. a?e ing squad will include: Tonjf Berto, expected to lead the host aggr^^p; George Burghardt, lb; William tion. , / Burghardt, ss; Bill Carson, 9^; Paul Golfers Seek First Win j . Friend, If; Carl Hipp, rf; Tom Imes, Ray Allspaw’s golf ^:eam, . Still p; Bob Kersey, cf; Walter Leif- seeking its first win of the seasPh, heit, p; Harry McFerren, 2b; Ed will journey to' Columbuls> .definitfeMisselhorn, p; Paul Petrich, p; ly the underdog, ,'j'he golfers, lost
Charles Rawles, 3b; Bob Riley, lb; Walter Smith,, c; Mark Walton, c; Ernest Young, c; and J. W. Mer,cer, manager.
to Notre Dame in the opening mat^h here last week, and dropped a 1.4^QVz tilt to Northwestern last Mon-
day.
Pearson Scores Three Firsts To Win Military Track
SHEAFFEira.^
In Camjj-^ShSaffai-'i is the tie between home and U. S. Service... one Of the few gifts service men con u3e.,.ond Sheoffer’s Service Salt meet dll U.S, Service requirements.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 5R. HAROLD 1. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
Everything for a I College Education I DEAC’S
Bob Pearson, freshman engineer and member of the Boilermaker frosh track squad, copped honors in the military track meet in RossAde stadium last night as he copped firsts in the 100 yd., 220 yd. dashes, and the quarter mile. Warren Rueger, agriculture freshman took a first in the pole valut and second in the shot-put. Results: MILE RUN—Won by AsHwell (F-4) : second, Seward (6-4) ; third, Harrcr (0-3) ; fourth, Willi Tin>e~4:49. 220 YARD DASH-- Won by Pearson (H-2| ; .second, Cullintr (E-2) ; third, Shaw (S-l). Time—23:3. 100 YARD DASH-—Won by Pearson (H-2) ; second, Brown (C-1); third, Shaw (S-U. Timi—-10.3. ^ 440 YARD RUN“Won by Peaftion (H-21 ; second. Tufts (E-3) ; third. Price (E-2)’ Time—53.7. BROAD JUMP—Won by Miller (C-ll : second, Joorfetz (A-1) third, Dunn (C-1). Distance 21' 7". HIGH JUMP-Won by Brebner (H-3) ; second. Brown tC-ll; third, £)unn (C-l)i. Heijiht-—5’ 0”. . POLE VAULT—Won by Rueprer (D-4) :
A tiny pin-hole in a telephone cable can admit moisture, causing short circuits and service iritcrruptions. But Bell System men have found awayrof healing this trouble to the punch. They charge the cable with dry nitrogen under pi-cssure. Then should a leak develop, the escaping gas keeps moisture out. Instruments on the cable detect the drop in pressure ... sound aU alarm at a nearby station. . .indicate the approximate location of the break. A repair cretv is quickly on its way. To maintain and improve America’s all-important telephone service, men of the Bell System are constantly searching for the belter way. Pioneering minds find real opporUiuily in telephone work.-
second, Myer (D--4) ; (pa-t).. Height—10' 6”. - 5, SHOT PUT—Won by ; second, Rueger (D-4) ; thM, We{d£bkn (F-3). Distance—39' 8".
The following teams will play bagcbalL today at 4 p.m.: v DImond TTiangle vs Della. Chi; i Theta Tau vs Phi- Delta Theta . r . • ■ 2 Alpha Kappa Xambda.ws Delta tJj^xlon ^ Phi Kappa Psi Vs Beta Sfgtta .PsI ; 4 Alpha Tan Omega vs^^ Alpha Sigtaa Phi 5 Delta Tail Delta vs Alpra GamBia Rho 6 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Acacia . 7 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 8 Ward 33 vs Ward 3 n 9 Ward 5-,vs Ward 21 • ■ i - r: ' These games must be played at'thfcs .Hnie. Due to the short lehgth of timoi a series^ will be played instead of. the.,ori|icakal six game round. The finals will staH Midday. • .
Patronise Expohettf Advertisers
You know the story of Axis ^^dictatorship**— lesson is there for all to read: Schools aiid cedle^es closed—or turned into breeding grounds for lies and hate. Freedom of speech—nerhofenf Freedom to choose your friends—verbofenf . . All you need to learn is to o6eyf” Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us— you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give our soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for .Victory, Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform now by buying United States Savings fikmds an^ Stamps. You*ll help not only your country, h^ yourself—because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start huyhi^ Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents« Start buying today—and keep it up!
Save . . . and Save America wTth U. S. Savings BONDS ★ STAMPAfu
PurduiS Exponent
fhuraday, April 23, 1942'
6iikey To Address / Methodist Group Sunday Evening “Gta‘?sboppeis oi Giants” \\ill be the subiect of the addiess to be given bv Dean Chailes W Gilkey in the First Methodist Chin eh next Sunday at 7 p m Doctoi Oilkev IS the dean ol the Rockefellei Menioi lal Chapel of the iJniversitj of Chicago Piioi to this position he teas niinistei of the H\de Park Baptist Chui ch on the campus of that unlve^slt^ He has appealed on the campus scveial times as a spcakei and pitachei on the Religious Convoeation --eiies The meeting is open to the public and IS sponsoied bi the M^tsley Foundation Personnel Notes COMPAMES StllEDLLLD TO VISIT CAMPUS — Bell Aircraft Corporation, But falo, N \ , Apiil 21 and 24 Oh>er Farm Equipment ( o Bat tie Cieek, Mich M E Sign in Pei sonnel Office bv Mondae, Apiil 27 Ritter Co, Inc, Rochestei, N Y M E , E E , Ch E Sign in Pci sonnel Office by Thuisda\, Apiil 23 RCA Mfg Co, ( amden NT-— Junior and Giaduate Electiieal and Mechanical Engineers foi summci cmplojment Sign in Pei sonnel Oifice b^ Fiidai, Apiil 24 Union Oil Compani of California Los Angeles California Junioi M E and Ch E toi summei y oi k Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Tues day, Apiil 28 Liberti Mutual Insurance (o Isew Yolk, N Y Men and yonun for positions as Claims Adiusteis and Investigatois Coming Apiil 27 Sign in Pei sonnel Office b> Mon day, Apiil 27 Esso Laboratories—Standard Oil Doelopment Co Elizabeth N J Women Laboiatoiy Technicians May and August giaduites Com mg Fnday, \piil 24 Sign in Pei sonnel Office b^ Thui sda's Apiil 2 3 Standard Oil of Indiana Ch E M E foi design and inspection y oik Sign in Pei sonnel Office by noon biidai, Apiil 24 Dean Maftfsews Conducts Discussion At Convention Dean Mai\ L Matthews of the Home Economics School spoke ms teiday afteinoon at the 31st Annual Convention of the Indiana Con„icss of Paicnts and Teachcis in Indian apolis A panel discussion on yaitimc economics and hoy the honu. can best seive was conducted hv Dean Matthews She yas assisted bv Mis C 0 Lee of West Lafavottc and Profcssois Rubv Claik and Maiion Willoughby of the Home Economics staff Then subjects wcic “Makin^, Our I urnishin^s Do” “Mbit Can Wc Substitute''” and ‘One Ditss Will Do ’
I SCOUTINC THE SHOPS | I with Judy McCullough | liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii DON'T BE Oin OF DATE . . . and detiait fioiii a delKatc spiing waidinlic cfled l)v yeanng fall and uinld accessoiics And if von think iheie s no seasonal difTcicnte in actessoiies just one look at Loeb’s (cweliy countci — tliin kiss that allowance goodhve' You’ll pioliahJv not hr able to lesist “Moonheani JcwcJiy”, dainty hiaielcts, heads, eailings and pins whuh ai( made of Lueite Tins lainhow jcwcliy selection olTei s such hu ions (oloi s as angel pink, stai iiihv moonstone, dieal Sidney, siai sap))hjic, (oidial and impel lal (Jtlu I impoitant ai t c«soi les loo often foi gotten an licits Howeyei. the\ u dcfimlilv vogm this season, and th( styles noludc Inilliaiitly studded Ik Its w ilh In acelds to match, clevc i tic sashes ol soft capeskiii. and slack lulls with jiouth jiockels THE (,REAT OUT-OF-DOORS . . . holds supieme these days as fai as appeal goes, and Sonthiiorth s is sim])]y tops when it (omes to < nliancing that appeal in the spotlight foi spoitswcai aie the nevv Gantnci bathing suits ami plavsuils—a couple of summci smoothies’ Tin gay i(d and him play suits aie fashioned m om and two ]ne(e styles iii shaikskins at thiec dollais and ninetey-fiye cents and cottons at two dollais and ninety-fiye ci iits Uantnei sy\im suits includes “Talkies , bathing linnks foi men, and seveial atliattiye models loi yomen Tin n tin le s that m w tei iv < loth 1 shut with quai leilength sleeves Polaioid glassrs (elip-on and legulatioiis) ate defiiiitclv an oiil-of-doois nidispensahle. and aie piicid horn one dollai miitey-hvc cents to ihiie and a hall dollais 11 those don t suit why not liv the new Wilsonitc aviatoi glasses'^ .JEWELRY ... AVhile shopjnng Geiiy Mohlmcni s jcvvcliv stoic tlq thoughl came to nu vihal an appiopuate gi.ldualion gilt a pnee of )cyveliy would make— and that was lathei an appiopiiation thought, lueause hapillv, giadnatioii is kss than tvvo wf eks aw iv ' Hcie would In a gilt that would last thionghout tin y f ais. and might In woiii at many homecomings as a constant vcmmdei of happy days (da/c ' I at Piudiu Glacing about tin sioie I fouml a spleinhd stock of watches loi Iioth ladies and men, among winch wcic the iollowing wellknown makes 1 ongiin s Bulovas, llamiltons, 1 Jgins, (tIuciis aithams ami NXc-lficlds 11 hen loo, iheie wcic many otlni ailicles of jcwcliv such as i mgs ])cail In .ids and hiaielets— each and cvciv om an ideal gilt loi giadiialion
IT’h NOT QUITE 4 /GOT SUIT . , . hut I (ally just as -hail), and vouic hound to look keen in a jiopnlai twc)-])iecc sceisuckei suit fiom Lo(’h\ second (loot dicss salon I hesc ‘ Ci.iig C<is nals’ consist ol a in ally lailoicil skill lilesscci with tyyo amph kick ph ats m tin fioni and a plain hack, and a smoothly lilted picket blouse which lasti ns ^(loy\ n the li out yy ilh daintily motln i -o-p< ai 1 hutlons 411 of tin suits hive licsh white yyaffh jinpn lollais which can he (onycnnntly lemoyid loi lanndiyin,, - hut 1 you i( a tv pic al coc d y oil II jii ohahiy Ik ksouicclnl c nou,_li to u(ili/c vom dickies .u |ijsf that ]K)mt 11 youu looking lot llu dicss loi summit time M noin moie appiopilatc ih.m this two-pn ci sccisuckii casual st^ h d m icd, blue giei n, hiown and gicv in junioi sizes 9 to 17. and jn n ed at eight elollais anel nine tv-c ighl cents
Notices
Phi Lnmbdn UpHiIun T hetiun of uificiiK 'Iluirsdny April 23 at 4 JO pm in room J29 of the Chem A nnc X MONIGOMLIIY Sophomore Military Studenla All sopho moic'i whose names appeal, on tht list of bhost aecopted for the advance eourbe mimt sijfn contracts in the main office of the Ar mory prioi to April 25 - RIORDAN All Students Those interested in takiinr Spanish 71 (Liij^r Spanish) this bumnur jileasc nil mt at S141 before Apiil 2> < ouist includes studv of conversation il anti piactical Spanish M h 61 62 an pierequiBites SHEEHY 1 reshmnn Camp CounBellora iiure will be a mettinp: of all those who wi«h to act as counsellors at the Aujrust I reshman Camp on 1 riday April 24 at 1pm in the Union It YOU are interest! d anil cannot attend please call Schafhol at 55052 oi Sinjrer at 8421 —SINGER Aeronautical Bnfirmcers All sophomoics whose names appear on the Advanced Course ROTC aecipUd IiH and who plan to take Aeronautical Enginccunj? (Currieu Jum A ) should report to the Adiutant m the main olTice of the Armory without ele 1 ly —RIORDAN Apr Chem Club Outing will be Frid ly April 21 at I oO p m Bt at Ag Hall foi iide out WOODWARD Zouaves Ihost wibliinp, to attend pieni Wednesd n April 29 si^n list on seniti order board in Armoi V (iRAI Mihtarj Code Students (ode certificitts M rendv in the mbtruetors loom in the
Armory
—BURKHART All Military Students There will be no nuie Coips Dayb foimation this semestci RIORDAN \cw Ciold Peppers Actives Meeting Apiil at i pm in the AWS olfiees Bung mono f( i pad lies anti pieuu bCARll Westminster roundation The innual spiinj? pjcnu will be held on buntlav Ainl *6 Ihe gioup will meet it the church at •1 10 p m and hil e to Hippy Hollow Every 11\ IS invited t) \tte nd A ch irge of I5c will be made foi suiiper THOM A Tumor Military Students fiek Is f r militnrv bamu t April 8 will le distnlu ted in gunnerv classes this week Thjse <l siring to atU nd who did nt t fust list may puithibe them for ea h GRAI All Male Students All tiideit who hive eomj leted the Adv inee Course ROIC oi will omplett tin Advarc ei C uist ROIC Iv May i ce imiorlint notices on 1 fiooi Aimoiy BubtJin boaids « " RIOUDAN Scabbard and Blade Meetirg has I ee n changed to Ihuradav i ight April ^3 at 30 p in in th Union QITieei f i the next two semesters will be deeted All file mate I ml and bills should be bi night to this meeting in crdei t clese the lu mess 1 i the veil This is i ‘^tab m cting All memb rs will be pres nt bUI I IV AN
Alpha Phi OmeLa loimii it iti iti i j) m Sin lav Af nl I i loe n ■{ f 11
Union with the pledges meeting ii Ih
Swedish lounge B neie t v\ill lollow 1 ni in loom ol th Uni i
bUHAl I K)I
(rold Peppers lie e i n v i i -1 ^ e i Is foi the picnic tin w ek I he I ill nist I pint I ut th nu Ilf V in in envclcje ind j 1 ice it 11 the WAX muliox in th M m nil C \ mnasi im il \ uu c ii r e t t r I m 1 ORI) I utheran btudenls 11 1 j il n 1 f tl picbent emest f th I tl i ? t dents Absoci itif n et Am iie \ill 1 4 11 t the h nu of Rev II C St 111 it If N 0th St et er b cl \ mg Xj 1 -( J t iO 1 n A 1 t 1 IS s n 1 g will he loliowfd with e imes ind r fi li m nts T vervon 1 11 It H 1 ! fl it, TOC ling AN I XI
University Calendar Thursday, April 23
Ag Camiiai Beat
>piil
attend
Apiil 28 at i 15 in Exponent. olTic^^leSSe
Meeting ThursdAy,
■ - ‘ ■’less
ITZ
\
7^1
1
IT'S COMING! Pur (liters First HUMOR MAGAZINE Nrxl Week
■RaranAii •> Hiis Coiipo!! sh Wolih T lijH «on j>‘»n and fi9( « nlilk i’k iiaiti loon ol om (»( nn ni Iiidi liiulildi S2 (10 VACUUDl FILLER SACKLESS FOUNTAIN PENS V icihlo ink V oil sLL lii< ink! Lilo linn guaiaiilti willi tatli pi.I Speiial ‘ii/i h and (olois loi ladiiH, inen and ihddiin
69c ea.
‘h, ''w 'll! , ,, 'Ill'll
No Irvi'i fillii ! No picHHiiu* liai !
Femdln to mail li al>o\«* Pi n-? 29( Ideal Gifl« lor Soldioi'H and Sailoin LAltei IMv < \l'\( I n — I I AK IMtOOl — I ASl II 0\\ IN(, HID I Ins <ou{,on gooil onl} wJnk* a<l\<“i lising sal<“ is on GOOD ONLY THURSDAY, APRIL 23 3:00 ]>. 111. to 10:00 p. m. UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE—305 State Si., W. Ealayelte
9 00 AM—Indiana Fiozen Food Lockei’fa Confeientc 9 00 A M—National Metei Conliience 1 00 PM—National Metei Conliigntc Luncheon 3 00 PM—ScHcn Review 0 iO PM—Chemical Engineei Stnioi’s Banquet 7 15 PM —Riding Club Meeting 7 30 PM—Civil All Patiol 7 30 P M —Canieia Club Meeting 7 30 PM—^Chiistian Student Fellow&hip 7 30 P M—P I A Choi us
East Faculty Lounge, Union Rooms 365 and 363, ^ Union Room 332 and 3 34, Union Hall of Music West P‘’aeultv Lounge, Union Room 306, Union Room 303, Uniom Room 304, Union Room 307 Union Towel, Union
Engrinccr Staff Metting Thursday, April 28 at I p m in the office -> ^ ^ YOUNGBLOOD I rcflhmnn Camp Counsellors* TheVe will hi- a meeting of all those who wish to act U3 coutiHollors at the AujlEUSt Fyeshman Camp on Tridny Ahnl 24 at 4 j) m in room 800 Union If you are interested and cannot attend please call Schnlliol at 55032 or Sihjffol: at 8421 - SINOER Commencement Tickets There are only one hundred extra tickets available at the present time These will he leceiVcd hy mall within th( next few days Any additional tickets that mav become available Will be mailed aS soon ns possible, _ -GALA WEEK COMMITTEE ■ ■■ - - ‘ —
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adtjiilig Machines all sold rcntul repaired and purchased Mimeui^ruph work done C J Cben}hoft« ^05 MalOy Lafayette Phone 2770
Alpha Phi Omtjrn PIcdfccs beouters Rally chingcd to Widnc^dav Apiil 29 m 1 qwlci Hall at ( 0 I m SCHALI ION Alpha I*hi Omeg i Slu 11 LXdutivc meet lUK of lu wlv cl( ( Ud (Ifa I IB at 7 p m 1 ri do Ajiil -4 in Swcdi h 1 ouuri —WILBUR ( osmopolitm Club All who j Ian lu it tend lIiL innudl spnng bitujutt and socml bu\ join tukets l>j u mil low night I will hni omc in the I il i iiv from b 45 to 8 15 t(moiio\v night PI ui li meet at the last nul ff the Uni>n it > RI baturdav foi tiaiisi i it ill n li I mcoln J odfft
KLLLAU
Ar Campus Beat Meeting Ihuisday A| 111 23 at 1 1 m I xpuncnl olTu e Pkast ittcni BUI/
YWCA C il nut n < Ih n day it j m
m llu. olfiL PLILRSON
Scriveners Ptnit Siturdav aCtcino \\ Apiil 2'" it 1 Mut it 1 icnu guuiUis I limd bt ulumi fi it wist inti intc to Union 1 ol (hu ( I ((It (all Mu ion Howud it »90 bv Jiuldv n m fui KbcivatKns DRAY Advanced Milifarv All ulvaMcd mill tuv tiul nt ill it C i burs ITici. aftti h im I rul jv Ajiil -I t ic((ivc moiuv lu( tiem f i inifoir illowino f rCUT BROWN
AIML Members Iltction of olTutis foi coming vtar in ncm 110 of Chem uul Met Building WudiiLsduj April 2) it I i m SIARKI \ /ouovcs riu)S( wishing k ittcnd picnic Ihirsdiv Aj nl R) si n list ui senior oidci 1)0 11(1 in Armoiy (jKAI Junior uui Senior ROIC Cadets RtpoH t) mam (lliu )f the Armoiv bttwun 1 and 1 10 pm Ajiiil 2i I) rccdvt pay due you —RIORDAN P Mens Chib M uoi anl minoi ktUi men Impoitant niLcling tonight at 30 in lot m 4.12 (1 Union 1 itctu n t f oIIrlis will b( luid (1)1 (Itcudancc Kqncstud RUSH Senior Mililarv Students Iicltts fi i mil itiry B uuiu t will b distnbutcd during 11( 11CH 11 IS c 1 h irs I iv uul I ri 1IV OU shuts will b( w(in It till I uuuu-t GRAI Alpha Phi Onug I I kdg( luk ’’ i ni Situid V Ai 111 2'' M(.il ut WMW ht 1 of Uu. Union bCHAIl lOI ROIC Seniors AI! riniuiil s f i (in mission in llu Olfuds Ktscivt. C ( i ps Annv f tlu. Unit d SUiU wh will iiulitii it( in C(mnu.ii mint tNuiiisi M i> in Ih ROIC ( 1 IT n\ will ni t Juesdo Aj, ril 28 11 am ui lo m 10> Aimoiv for m tl I ti 1 ai d 1 utu PUl VI R
Wanted Coed lo assist with cooking and
d room IiBs &
housework in exchange for board aftd ^faoin starting May 1 Three in family K'*
Dales Phone 3104 Five 1942 D( bris to be sold at eost hor inform ition cull 5057 Leave name and phone Lost Gruen wnst watch silver with brown strap Luminous dial J L CuUcn
702G
For Sale Call 1)827
1 >30 Ford Sedan Good tires
t (
I Dr. A. M. Srion i I —dentist— I = 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. = S Phone 4965 g ^lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllf
Keep Your Clollies a Business Asset— Use Croivii Cleaning Service Regularly No iiiainT how uiiudi (‘diKalioii you liave, your arc “oiil of husine‘'S ein'iilalioii”” until some ou(‘ hires you. So make your peisoiial appearauee a husiness asset hy having your clothes CiovMt Cleaned regularly. Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
lo«k Sweet fnr the Fleet...
Doiothy Lamoui, stai ol ‘The FkelG In”, the new Paiamoulit musical comedv, exhibits a tew vogues loi “smooth sailing” at all times Co-staued m the film aie William Plolden and Eddie Blacken with Jimmy Doisey and his oichestia luinishing the music