I
1.J
-If ^ , ‘ '> - ^ .z z:‘^\ 'V’' ' - ,'w ^v'^' ' ^4,
i' z >
5 V : .; 4.^ ^Yf
University Recalls Coulter's Birthday Noted Scientist Gave School Thirty Nine Years Of Service
By Sonia Swerdloff
Yesterday, June 2, commemorated the birthday of one of the University’s most outstanding alumni, Dr. Stanley Codlter. "this Was the ninetieth anniversary of the scientist, who whs borne June 2,1853, in Ningpo, China, whiere his parents, Moses Stanley and Caroline E. Coulter, missionaries for the EresbVterian Church, were stationed. Upon completion of the necessary prerequisites, he entered Hanover College at Hanover, — Ind., and graduated from there in 1871. His first field of study after graduation was law, but he relinquished this in pref.erence for botany and biology. The continuation of his studies lead to a Master of Arts degre^,y/hich he received from Hanover College in 1874, and fifteen years later the same institution bestowed upon him the title of Bh. Dr. Coulter received his final title in 1907, when his Alma Mater gave him the honorary degree of LI. D.
Came Here In 1887
Dr. Coulter came to the University in 1887, as professor of biology and director of -the biological laboratories. He was the first dean of the School of Science which posilion he held from 1907 until 1926, when he retired after 39 years of service. It was however, in the role of dean of men from 1919 to 1926, that he became endeared in the minds of the student body as the
“grand old man.”
After the unfortunate and tragic death of President W. E. Stone, Dean Coulter acted as chairman of the faculty, from the summer of 1921 until the a'ppointment of Dr. E. C. Elliott to the presidency in 1922. During this time Dean Coul-
ter directed the internal operations Growing military needs are makof the University. ing the saving and conseiving of Published Books paper almost as impoitant as savDr. Coulter has also contributed ing gasoline ^d lubber says a reto science through the publication cent appeal sent out by the War of books and pamphlets.. One of his Productions Board, and the Board is early contributions to the scientific urging all schools and colleges to world was the publication of a book conserve paper. ^ on the forest trees of Indiana. This Paper substitutes are being used was followed later by a book on the to replace such matei ials as steel, floral of Indiana, the most com- other critical metals, lumber, glass plete study of Indiana plants that and rubber. Paper coveis, made had appeared until that time; and it stiong and watei proof by special still is considei’ed by botanists as a constiuction and chemital tieatlandmai'k in the development of In- ment aie being used by the Army diana botany. and Navy to cover gun, airplane His scientific leseaich work on and motoi paits. strictly botanical subjects has Suggestions found its way into print through Donald M. Nelson chairman of the publishing of a great many of the WBP has set up the following his pamphlets. suggestions as a ciiterion to help to It is not merely as a scientist, conserve paper: however, that Di. Coulter has “No material should bo printed, gamed fame in Indiana but as an duplicated or mimcogiaphed unless administrator of public works. He it will make a duect contiibution to had several positions of impoitance the war. among which was that of president “Any contemplated foims, pamof the Indiana Anti-Tuberculosis phlets, foim lettcis, etc, should be Association. He was the only honor- caiefLilly estimated in advance, and, ary vice-president ever designated the numbei oideied should be held by that organization. to the minimum needed to accomMcmbef Of Forestry Board phsh the puipose. For a period of five yeais, until “All material to bo punted or du-
WPB A$ks Colleges To Conserve Paper,
1930, he was chairman of the Christmas seal sales campaign. For fourteen years he seivcd as a member of the State Boaid of Foiestiy, of which he was one of the originators. When the State Board of Foi -
estry merged_with the State Con- be made. Don’t make unnecessaiy seivation Commission in 1916, he cai bons of the fust di aft of a lottei, became identified with that body memoiandum, oi repoit, and keep and for, several years scivcd as its tlie finished numhei to a minimum, chairman. “Re-use any and a,ll sciap paper. These arc only several of the po- including obsolete office stationaiy. sitions held by Dr. Coultei; he was in oideling punting, the selection president of the Indiana Audubon of the ptoper stock is impoi taut and
Society for four yeais, was a past president of the Indiana Academy of Science, a membei of the Western Society of Natiiialists, the Botanical Society of America, the American Genetic Association, and a member of the Boaid of Txustees
of Hanover College.
Prof. M. F. Stigers
plied Psychology, is the author of an article which appeared in the last issue of “Factoiy”, a monthly periodical. The article, titled “A Quick Course for Foimen”, is a condensed report of a special pioject improvised by Stigeis last yeai at the Perfect Circle Company
Established 1889
XpOH&ti w Now It’s Too HotJ!
Volume 56, No. 16
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, June 3, 1SMI3
Rose Bampton To Sing In Music Hall
4-H Delegates To Attend 25th Annual Roundup Members Given Trip For Excellent Club Records; Meetings This Week The twenty-fifth annual 4-H Club Roundup will be held at the University, June 14,16 and 16. About 1,500 4-H delegates and leaders are expected to attend. The theme of the conference will be “Repledging My 4-H’s to the Service of My Country on This Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of the 4-H Roundup,” There will be special sessions for delegates interested in Home Economics on Tuesday ■
Coeds; Only Two Days Left To Find A Date For 'Draftees Drag'
and Wednesday mornings in Eliza Fowler Hall. The agricultural division sessions are to be on the same schedule. These will be devoted to demonstrations in care of livestock, and other farm animals. ,
Tour Campus
Contests in these subjects are to be carried on both days. Visits will be made to points of interest on the campus during the three general
Only two more days are left to give the eds that much deserved break and invite them to the “Draftees Drag” at the North Union
sessions of the convention. Sketches Ballroom next Sdlurday, from 8:30
will define the meeting of the 4Hs. 11:30.
The four H’s which the young AWS is sponsoring the dance people will repledge stand for Head, which is in the form of the annual Heart, Hand, and Health. The club Gold Diggers Dance. Judges will was founded primarily as an or- 3-ward merits for the outstanding ganization for rural young people dancers of the evening in both jitbetween the ages of ten and twen- teibugging and smooth dancing.
ty. The activities included within its program are designed not only to make competent, modem faimers and housewives of the members, but also to make them better citizens. Complete Projects 4-H Club members complete projets which involve livestock production, gardening, crop production, cooking, canning, sewing, baking. Emphasis in the past has been placed on quality paiticularly, while the waitime program will encourage conservation and inci eased production as well as quality. The 1500 young people who will come to the University have earned their tups on the basis of their achievement records in the many projects, their prowess as judges or their ability as demonstrators. Not to be forgotten are those who come to vie for the honor of being the best lepiesentative the third H, Health. YWCA Holds
Door prizes will also be awarded to the lucky ticket holders.
Tickets On Sale
Admission stubs are being sold at the Women’s Residence Halls, sorority and co-op houses and the west desk of the Union for $1.35. Identification cards are given with the purchase of each ticket and these tickets, will be used as pass-
outs for the dance.
Corsages for the coed’s guests will be sold during the evening. Maury Mahn will play for this informal bid dance which is planned to give financial aid for the freshmen women orientation program. Russell To Start Coed
At Girls' Gym June
plicated slioLild be checked to avoid mistakes which would lequiie a re-
iLin
“111 all coriesiioiideiice, especially Intel-office comninnications, the minimum numbei of copies should
the lightest suitable grade should be used. Staiidaid sizes of both the finished pulilicatioii and the stock to be used, should be adopted to avoid waste. Minimum use ot white space, size of tyjio, unnecessaiy coveis, flyleaves and blank pages. Use
only necessdiy illustiations, “Have your name lonioved fiom
all mailing lists which supply you with matei lal which you can satis-
division of Education and Ap- factoiily do without.
“Always use both sides of paper
whcnevei possible.
Board Meeting WYCA cabinet members were the guests of the club’s advisory board at a dinner held Monday eve-
ning.
The dinner is an annual affair and was held this ycai ip the cafeteiia of the Union building. Boaid members who attended were as follows: Mis. G. R. Thornton, Chairman, Doan Claie A. Coolidge, Miss Iiene Fcldt, Mrs. Ficdric B. Knight, Piofs. Haiiiet O’Shea and Viiginia B. White. Following the dinner there was a regulai board meeting and a regular cabinet meeting. Pi of. White was re-elected to serve on the Advisoiy Board for a period of three
years.
A meeting of the girls to work on faciap-books for army base hospitals will be held Monday, June 7, at 4 p. m. in the YW office. Cowden To Address
Swinford To Replace
Chinn On Ag Faculty Dry Milk Institute
Buice Swinfoid, recently a vocational agiicultural teachei in the
Hagerstown, Ind. Stigeis is now on State has been appointed to the De short leave of absence doing special paitment of S^ort Couises and Ex-
work for a Kentucky industiy. ROTC STUDENTS Effective Friday, June 4, 1943, th^ uniform for ROTC students will be cotton cap, cotton shirt, and cotton trousers. The necktie will not he worn on the campus and need not be worn while enroute between quarters and the.,
campus.
hibits to replace R. H. Chinn who was |;iansferred to the department
of Rural Economics.
Swinfoid graduated from University of Illinois in 1936.
the
Sigma Delta Chi Important meeting Friday, June 4, at 4:30 p. m. in Exponent office. BOS WINKLE.
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the Department of Agricultural Economics will address the annual meeting of the Dry Milk Institute at Fort Wayne Friday afternoon, June 4. The topic of his discussion is “Where We Are Now and Where
We Are Going.”
Di Cowden will analyze probable economic developments which will have a bearing on the business policies of the organizations which make up the Dry Milk Institute. He will also discuss the current econo-
mic situation.
According to a recent announcement, swimming instruction will be offered to girls this summer by the University. Miss Marion Russell of the Physical Education for Women staff will teach the classes in the pool of the Memorial Gymnasium, on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays beginning on June 8. Beginners will swim at 10 a. m. and intermediate and advanced hwimmeis will receive instiuction at 10.30. All gills from 8 to 18 are eligible to take the courses. The summei will be divided into two five week periods, the first from June 8 to July 10, and the second from July 13 to August 14. Suits and towels will be provided by the University, but gills are expected to provide then own caps and shoes and are required to piesent a medical certi-
ficate.
Snake Disrupts Hills And Dales Cause of the commotion yesterday in Hills and Dales was one black, three foot, veiy-much-alive snake. Crawling forth from the yai^ of a respectable citizen, the snake was immediately set upon by enthuiastic passer-bys, who clubbed and pounded vigorously. As the mob of little boys, dogs, chickens, cows and people thickened around the defenseless reptile, the killers finally pronounced it dead However, in a few minutes, the ninth life returned (or is that cats) and the snake crawled calmly on it^ way, so to ease the Hill and Dales minds, the bus ran over the
snake.
In spite of this, excitement stills fills the Hills because “Where there’s one, there’s two.”
Navy Interview Unit To See Prospective Enrollees June 8,9 Working in cooperation with Mr. Thomas R. Johnston, Lafayette Naval Civilian Committee chairman, a Naval Officer selection board will spend Tuesday and Wednesday, June 8 and 9, in Lafayette interviewing men qualified for officer commissions in the' U. S. Naval Reserve. Members of the board who Vill have their headquarters at 405 Schultz Building from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. each day include Lt. R. L. Nipper, senior member in charge, Lt. (j.g.) A. L. Wimmer ahd Lt. (j.g.)J. R. Durburg, medical corps, who is to conduct physical examinations for all applicants. This group will talk with all men in the city who may have the background and experience vitally needed by the Navy for officers for its expanding fleet. I Visit Different Cities By visiting different cities this traveling board fiom Naval Officer Procurement Headquarters in Chicago hopes to contact more qualified men living in smaller communities, these boards having the same powers as the offices in Chicago. Successful applications will be forwarded to the Bureau of Naval Personnel in Washington. A college degree is not absolutely necessary to win a Naval Reserve commission, said Lt. Stenson, who was here yesterday to make arrangements for the board’s interviews. This is especially the case for men over 30 years with business and professional experience. Stenson stated that men above 39 commissioned in the Navy are usually chaplains, engineers, doctors, and radio experts. Those visiting the board do not incur any obligation, and no appointments are necessary in advance of the visit. Chi 0% SAE's Meet Tonight In Softball Tilt By George Helffrich Tonight the fair sex Tau Chi Ojnega will put its skill and match its wits with the threatening SAE’s while Qoc Miller will stand behind the umpire’s mask attempting dangerous decisions. Covering home plate for the Chi O’s, and offer ing an incentive for home-runs, will be Chick (Gabby) Thompson. In the pitcher’s box you’ll find Betty Cantely, while covering first, second and third bases will be Geoiganne Galloway, Marian Krull and June Spandit respectively. Chi O Ball Players Scattered throughout the field swatting mosquitos will be Marilyn Baumer, Skeets Taylor, Bobbie Jean Riggs, Mary Jo Funkhouser, Madelyn Grotnes and Betty Murphy. The SAE’s have not revealed their lostei as yet but, no doubt, every man will find some place on the field. The rules, as formulated by the National Association of FraternitySorority Baseball Competition, fall for left-handed batting on the part of the men, they being also compelled to hop to first base. We wonder whether the fellows will ever get to first with the shifty Chi O infield and promising outfield distractions in full swing. Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 5 p. m., Tuesday, June 8. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possibly by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s
Office.
F. I. GOLDSMITH Dean of Men.
Convo Starts At 7:30 Tomorrow Passports Will Admit Students, Townspeople May Purchase Tickets At Box Office For $t.tO By Mary Jo Hablas Rose BampLon, dramatic soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Association since 1932, will be heard in the Hall of Music to-
' rose bampton, dramatic SOPRANO Her performance is one of the many features offered this summer by the Convocation Committee. ''
PROGRAM Tu lo sai Spirate pur spirate Sweetly She Sleeps The Merry Merry Month of May
.. Torelli Dopaudy Stephen Foster Stephen Foster
(Arr. by Brooks Smith for Miss Bampton) Ana: Pace, pace, mio Dio, from “La Forza Verdi del Destino” Bleuet Poulenc Dans les ruines d’une veille abbaye ..Faure Fantoches . Debussy Del cabello mas Sutil Obradors Tumba y le . Obradors INTERMISSION Nocture Op. 32, No. 1 ... Chopin Danse ‘ Grieg Intermezzo Op. 119, No. 1 Brdhi&s Spanish Dance .Lecuona Mr. Schauweeker Ana: II est doux, il est bon, from “Herodiade” Massenet Music I heard with you Hageman Iley diddle diddle, from “Nursery Rhymes” Herbert Hugh^ Midsummer MacDowell Rapunzel . John SacCq NJoy Wintter Watts
-morrow night at 7 ;30. Her performance is one of the features of the summer term series of lectures and convocations. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge, has announced that the doors of the Hall of Music will be opened at 6:45. Students will be ad- -■ — ■ >— mitted on presentation of their mg her Leonora in “H Trovator^”
II.
III.
IV.
passports and the general public on season tickets or single admissions, priced at $1.10 each, including tax. Season tickets for the remamdei of the summer series are $2.75. Miss Bampton, who has enjoyed considerable success m concert and oratoiio performances as well as on
as one of the most thrilling in the history of giand opera. Today her repel tone includes such famous loles as “Alda”, “Don Giovanni", “Trovatoie”, and “Die Walkuere”
as well as otheis.
Appeared In Concert ana Oratorio Miss Bampton received numerous offers to appear in concert and oratorio peiformances. The field. <*f
the opeiatic stage, was born in Ohio oiatorio singing was Miss Bampand received her musical tiainnig ton’s first love. Highlights oi'h^r at the Cuitis Institute of Music in conceit activities include eng;a^» Philadelphia. ments with Toscanini and the tffew San^ For Philadelphia Opera York Philharmonic Orchestra, Her fiist public success came in conceits with Stokowski and the the summer of 1929 when she was Philadelphia Orchestra, as well is engaged as a member of the New appearances With the leading 8^^* York Chautauqua Opera Associa- phony oichestras in Chica^, Dftioii. Subsequently she was selected tioit, Cleveland, San Francisco, as soloist for the Worcester Festi- Minneapolis, Cincinnati, St. Louis, val, and this peiformanco brought Denver, Los Angeles, Portland and
her an engagement with the Phila- Seattle.
delphia Giand Opeia Company, Miss Bampton maintains a heavy With which she sang leading roles schedule. She has given recitals in for three seasons. . all of the 48 states and has app^arIn 1932, on her 23rd birthday, ed with most of the leading; Miss Bampton made her Metropoh- phony orchestras. In spite of I^er tan Opera debut in “La Gioconda”, musical activities, however, she ejftand scored a tremendous success, joys such typical American pa^-> During her European tour several times as riding, swimming, mo^'* years ago, continental audiences re- ing, tennis and dancing. Bh» ceived her enthusiastically, acclaim- loves to listen to popular
mm
m
amPutdue Exponent
Offices; E<li^rib1 and WuVitiess Purdue Memorial Union, Phdfie^OOS Sporfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
BenomKr Editor,... .POnorar]' Editor iHtmorary Bnaincss Manaprcr With the Colors
....William G. Hoskins Dale E. But* ..Gerhard H. Klouman
^^iness Manager »**li Editor ilhMsing Editor ^'d'tottising MhnaKer.. fmo^b Editor...... tObiia‘Editor;....*.
..Bobert W. Boswinkle James G. Pettj' Sally Beall Donald E, Brewer ...A. Jane Keim Joseph .S^ IJawtoi jean Lduci
PdfeiicStioln Staff Editorial Stall ^ Jate Editors: H. B. Abbott, C. C. MartindcII, E. F. Mury, W. H. T.vson, W. L. Vermilion, C. .f. Wilbur. 1 Stall :‘Euth Ford, Madolyn Grotnes, Katberine Howes. Sports Stall: E. M. Lipes, R. ,1. Smith, C. E. Sowards, Btisiness Staff Assistanl Advertisins Mart,oser : C. L. Gaunt, tayont Director: J. B. Tabb. Circalation Manager: R. G. Sauerman, Accoitojts Manager: Mary Dilts.
The Pifrdue Independeii't Bditor-in-Chief - .... .Bert Squie: V - Staff For iThis Issue Night Editor: Vermilion Day Editor: Ford l8snc;Editor: ^Georgeson Sports Editor.• Smith .Beddrters: JameSon.' SwcrdlofT, H:immel, Stcfles, Hablas, Helltrich, Simons. Baynes.
Entered as second class 'matter at the post otTice iti Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectib.n 1103. act of 'October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Tbunsday and Saturday mornings dur- , ;hg the year, except certain yaction periods. Delivered locally bS. carrier for ifl,25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.GO for a ^mes'fcr. Subacription.s may be obtained at the Exponent dlTice or iat the West Desk of the Union. Represehtqjl for national advertising by National Advertisitig Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresentativeB, Mbidison Avc., New York, N. Y.
420
Cdmptis Wheh college stiicleiits leave their colleges ah^ go out into the wbrld, often they fihd that the-lilaces to ivhich they scatter latk the bdauty of their alma riiater’s camphs, a:hd it is natural for them to have pleaskntly sentirhental methofies of agreeable arrkngeinents of grass ahd frees Which offered ideal jocatidhs for a rest and a bit of day dreaming dufing air dlf hduf,. or the favdrite spots where a sriidke cduld be enjoyed between classe.s, or the winding p^iths \vhich pffel'ed diversion in the fdrm of a dtimll dn bright simny days or on dai’k rainy day.s during their undergraduate years. Purdue’s campus is conducive to pleasant, seritimerital memories. In order to keep the cahipus just as beautiful and uncorrimercialized as possible, organizations should i-efrain from tacking advertising pdsters on trees on the campus such as is done quite frequently. Advertisements placed dn trees along walks yesterday were neatly drawn, but they were advertisements, and the campus is hardly an appropriate place for them. Organizations obviously fail to take such items as preservation of the natural beauty of the campus into account when they employ such means for advertising. Yesterday’s posters were not the first that have detracted from the beauty of the campus, but we sincerely hope they vyill be the last.—r.w.b.
Lt. |€sse G. Watson . . . of Central, recently received his wings and commission at the Foster Field Advanced Flying School. Lt. Watson was a student at the University during 1940 and 1941. Lt. Thomas C. Mullins ... of Chicago, 111., recently received his wings and commission at the Altus, Okla., Advanced Flying School. Lt. Mullins was a student at the University from 1939 to 1942.
Lt. Wiliatd B. B ran it ... of Chicago, 111., has received his wings and cortiniissidn at the Altus, Okla., Advanced Flying Schpol. Lt. Bfanit was a student at the University from 1939 to 1942.
Lt. Bernard Berman ... of Chicago, 111., recently received his wings and cohmiission from Pampa Field, Texas, Flying School. Lt. Berman was a student at the University from 1940 to 1942. Lt. Harotd L. Koontz ... of Niles, Mich., recently received his wings and commission at Lubbock Advanced Flying School. Lt. Koontz attended the University during 1940.
Phillips' Repbrt On Indil Of/ British; Mess Sergeants To Use lie#-Oyer^ ’W'ASfflNGTO'N—It will prdbiihly he denied, bilt the inside fact is that U. S. Aiiibassador Bill iPhillips came backfrkm India with a blunt, in spots bitter, report against the British. He felt that the United States should do something abotlt the festering Indian political situation, thkt the Indian army could not he a force in the war until the question was cleaned up. Also he Was dti'aight-frdiii-the-shoulder in his criticism of Field Marshal Wavell Whom he feels is not suited for the .I'ob ahd should be removed. Phillips not only gave this report to the Pi'esiderit but he also had a conferericc With Prime Minister Churchill last week. Ambassador Phillips’ report is liiost signilitant, because he has been pro-British, served as Minister to Canada, has been a consistent believer that our policy must go hand-in-haiid with the British. Fhillips is' mild, not addicted to crusading, but a thorough, conscientious diplomat, reporlihg what he believes to be the facts. Among other things, Phillips reported that mediation between different Indian factions and the British Government was possible now; also desirable. He feels that if some such move is not undertaken now, he-should not go back to India, nor should any other U. S. Ambassador, since the presence of an American envoy would be taken as the stamp of U. S. approval for British policy. What the President said to Churcliill on the Indian problem is his secret. But it is known that Roosevelt has hoped for a year that the British would do something about India. However, he also feels very strongly 'that the United States should not intoiTcre in Britain’s colonial problems. Meanwhile,.the British, with an army large cnottgli to handle any problem inside India, seem content merely to sit on the lid—despite American pleas that the Burma Road must be reopened and despite the fact that Indian troops will not light the Japs wholeheartedly Unless they have a small investment in the Four Freedoms for which they are supposed to fight. White House Black Market \ The White House is having its trbubles with the Black Market. The White House architect called up the Georgetown Electric Company recently to buy No. 12 copper wire for rewiring a part of the Executive Mansion. But there was no copper wire to be had. . ^ . “Where can we get if/’’ the architect asked. “Baltimore, on the Black Market—only it will cost you 20 cents a foot instead of 7 cerits.” “Well, we cant’ have anything to do with the Black Market,’’ was the M^hite House reply, and the architect went shopping elsewhere. W&iwin Watches Army Cooks Miss Mary I. Barber, Washington’s first dollar-a-year woman, has now begun to bring long-needed thrift to Army moss kitchens. If Miss Barbar has her way, the Army’s 250,000 cooks will be persuaded to make soup out of the left-overs and cut down the quota for garbage pails. In fact, her save-left-overs idea has already gone so far that certain pig farmers near Army camps are complaining-that they don’t get enough garbage these days. Miss Barber was borrowed by the Quartermaster Corps from tlie Kellogg Company at Battle Creek to teach tough mess sergeants, among other things, that a camp menu docs not have to be arranged one week in advance, and stuck to religiously. If, for instance, a camp mess has several hundred chickens left over from Sunday dinner, they can lie used, on Monday, not thrown into the garbage pail. ■ Unfortunately, a lot of mess sergeants had been doing that, partly because the menu for Monday was already arranged. Also it is against the law for the Army to sell food, nor can it be given away. It must be thrown away. This has been done in the past via garbage trucks to the highest bidding hog dealers. Now, however, Miss Barber is helping to arrange master menus, which though they specify soup, do not name the variety. This gives the cook an option to make soup put of whatever his left-overs permit. This all sounds simple to the average housewife, hut believe it or not, it has not always been clone by the Army. Aimther trick is to save all dripping fats from bacon or sausage, and use them in a cream sauce for cauliflower, or other vegetables. Under Miss Barber’s regime, if a .soldier .secs iamb on, the Wednesday noon menu, he will proluihly see lamb broth (left-over meat plus barley) on the Thursda.v bill-of-harc. However, Army cooks must always follow the rule imposed by the Surgeon General that iiP foods ina,y be used more than 30 hours after cooking.
“The gentleman who had this room just checked out—but it can be cleaned up in a jiffy—I’ll send you up some brooms, mops and scouring powder right away.” . /
University Calendar / Friday, June 4
A tittle knowh fact that is df the utmost'impoi’tHhGd cdiicernmgThh'fightifik 'thHihe Aletiian Isl&hds is tiiait ; to Jajian proper will be reopened as soon as the Japs have. beqn driveh from their last strohghold oh Kiska. The Jh'|s, fhfh|ibt-. edly realise that.'thieir hdttib'land Can 'be bombe^ if Ki^ka ■
a-n^ have giveh the .bi’Sif'yfbr, the last remalnihgjJaps iih the : Western Hemisphere' to' -hpld; on at all cost, which,'.lyiil ,bp death to ;themselv:^.:>/^^ht Flying Fortresses could 'ptdbably bomb the ’big navaFbate.'hf the Japs that is located on the'farthest north island of the Jap group. ■; .A _X-X—, _ ■ The coal mine operators ’’havci been the latest stumbling blohk in the soft coal strike. They, do not seem to be willing to Idse a little of the “hard earned” profits for.the betterment of their coal miners. The only difference between a loss by the miners and a loss by the operators in this strike is that Ikibor has everything to lose while, the.
We couldn’t help putting this operators merely have to raise their choicy little'bit in today’s Post. It’s prices to take care of the profit loss )an excerpt from a letter to the to the miners. Capital is a wonderMinnesota Daily^ ful. thing and all .that, but when “ I feel that something should Will it ever wake up and realize that be done about the members of the profits aren’t everything. armed forces who insist upon sing- _X-X— ing vulgar Songs at the top of their q‘hc public spirited citizens in the lungs. I and other students here United States are always horrified have been brought up in homes by the political corruption that ex
where this type of thing is dis
couraged
its in such cities are Jersey City, N. J,, and Chicago, but without too
7:30 P.M. Convo---Rose Bampton, soprano- Hall of Music Saturday, June 5 7:00 A.M. Orientation Tests .....Eliza Fowler Hall 2:00 P.M. PIA Tea Dance ........South Ballroom, Union 8:30 P.M. AWS Dance ...x... North Ballroom, Union
The Ratio
.. .. ..I suggest, if it is necessary much trouble these horrified citifor them to, sing at all, that they zens could find just as -bad prac
sing songs of a somewhat more re fined and quieter uaturo —Er
nest D. Wittles
ticcs in many of the small cities. In connection with this, we could ask the City Council of West Lafayette
3.85 ... to 1
The other day, when speaking with a Delta Upsilon chap, he asked us to please write something nice about his house. What we want to know is—-Who knoivs anything good about the DU’s? Nevertheless here is an important announcement concerning the above mentioned organization—^Brother Bob Henderson ends his bachelor days come Friday—'the reason is Ginny Riley, former Kappa pledge. All the best in old shoes and rice to you both Don Thomas of Student Senate fame was seen slinking through greater Lafayette on Saturday last —-carrying a small package. Upon retracing Don’s steps, we discovered he had been shopping—for black silk hose. Everything was peaceful at- the Alpha Chi house until the return of Jake Slonaker—class of ’41. Now, whenever passing, can be heard Lois Caldwell’s voice singing out— ;“I wanna get married”. Well, Lois is now on the first rung of the ladder as she has Jake’s AGR pin. WHAT GOES ON? Who has Frank Hemler’s Beta pin? One thing we’re sure of—Chi O Georgia Calloway hasn’t—Something is happening. See Saturday’s Ratio (and you KNOW there will be one. Hm.) Editors Note: Who does ? Theta Betty Duncan is once more a Fiji sweetheart. Her off campus ' Phi Gam pin is back in its proper place—let’s hope this time stays there. The Blazer’s financial trouble is over. Theta Chi Mac “Blondie” Leh-
man is back from his vacation in the hospital—minus his appendix. Now take it easy, Mac—-the Navy needs you. • NAVY REFUSES FIRST-NIGHT PRIVILEGE TO NEWLYWEDS The Navy got their nautical selves into tepid waters last week when they refused Lt. Bill Butler an over-night on the eve of his marriage to “Sis” Wiley of the Pi Phi cult. Beginning as of 10 o’clock that fateful night, hubby was to be confined to his quarters as punishment for a small bachelor’s party for the boys in the back-room. Great stornis of protestations were (See RATIO Page 3)
(What do you suggest, Ernie, the -why such things as this new skatLost Chord?) ing rink on the Levee are permitted. —E-P— This question might he embarrassWith the singing of another ing( but if the City Council realized Army ASTP contract over at Ohio that this same skating rink is sure State, coeds prepared to evacuate to attract an element that has lleretwo of their favorite dorms, Mack tofore been undesireablc on this and Canfield Halls,' as well as Neil side of the river, they might possiHall. The army boys will move, in bly reverse their earlier decision. Juno 14, and the girls will live ,in ——— ^ — ' fraternity houses beginning June building downtown, he promptly
22.
_E-P— And from out of the South— One particular L.S.U. soldier thou.ght that he would take advan
turned himself ai'ound and walked out. Why ? All he saw was L.S.U. Coeds.—L.S.U. Reveille.
—E-P—
Coeds at the University of Gali-
tage of the entertainment offered fornia have a different idea. All defer the Army boys, so he wcnt.down ferred male students have registerto the USD. Upon entering the (See EXCHANGE POST Page 3)
TODAY-FRS. -SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Indian Merry-Go-Round
Lt. Albert F. Myer
. recently received his wings and coinniission at the Alius, Okla., Advanced Flying School. Lt. Myer is from Lafayelle and attended the University from
193G to 1939.
Lt. John G. Ford . . . of Towson, Md., recently received his wings and commission at' the Altus, Okla., Advanced- FlyingSchool. Lt. Ford was a student at the University from 1949 to 1942.
Lf. Norman f. Drybread ... of Edinburg, was recently commissioned at the Brooks Field Advanced Flying School. Lt, Drybread was'a student at the‘Uhiversity from 1936 to 1’939.
Imprisoned Mahatma Gandlii has asked tlie Viceroy -for iiermission to communicate with the Mohammedan leader in an effort to effect Indian unity, but the Viceroy lias refused. . . . Raj Copal Chariar, another important Indian leader, has asked the Viceroy for ])ermission to see Gandhi in order to compose Indian differences. Again tlie' Viceroy has refused. . . . Suspicion is that tlie British don’t want,Indian dilferenccs composed. . . . The India League, whicli has coiisiclerahle iiiflueiice in tlie IJ- S. A., has secured the support of distinguished Americans in urging that the time for mediation in India is now. Among those who advocate this arc: Pearl Buck, Clare Boothe Luce, Herbert Bayard Swope, Henry I. Harriman, Alf Landon. Dr. Mary E. Wooley.... The India League emphasizes the point that to help China, the Burma Road Is essential. And to open the Burma Road the fighting spirit of the Indian Ariiiy is necessary—fighting for the Four Freedoms. . . . To understand Churchill’s obstinacy on India, take a look at his early background. A lai-ge part of it was spent fighting wars for the Empire—fought in the Spanish Army against the freedom of Cuba, attached to 31st Punjab Infantry, served, witli Tirali Expeditionary Force, with 21st Lancers in Nile Expeditionary Force participating in Battle of Khartoum, officer in South African Light Horse cavalry, participated in mo.st of Boai' War battles. (Copyriglit, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
SUMMER DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 7:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons .jiS.OO ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday. June 11, 8:00 P. M, Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JUNE 12 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Lusty and Colorful Adventure of America's Last Frontier The Great Northwest! W I L D G E E S E CALLING — with — HENRY FONDA JOAN BENNETT WARREN WILLIAM — PLUS—That Wisecracking Detective, Michael Shayne, in a Triple Murder Mystery! DRESSED TO KILL — with — LLOYD NOLAN MARY BETH HUGHES
- COMINGGARY COOPER
Pride of fhe Yankees
GET SET FOR AMMr
A Paramount Picture
TODAY-TOMORROW
'iTf V.
•4 -
A) ■ I ' r
%ii-iiii'teiitriJii
Mii
IM SOFTBALL StAlilOINGS LISTED
Si>OltTS CAIRHIVAL FEATURES DERBY
-y \ f^r^Uv^ff 4f ■'iw
, \
Play Final Home Series Saturday
CIllSiB Races Devebping Fraternises Enterihg 1)1 Intramural Softball ‘S'^ver Derby’ Evenfe
As the good weather continues and many softball games are played each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday evenings, a close race for the championship is developing in both the Interfraternity and Ward leagues. Seven fraternity and five Ward teams boasted of undefeated records up until
last night’s games.
IrlelUded among the leaders in the fraternity are two teams
fro mthe Army. The three teams from the Army are made up of both ASTP members and advanced ROTC ca-
ternity competion are Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Chi, Pi Kappa Phi, Tau Epsilon Phi, and Phi Delta Thdta. By virtue of three victories against no setbacks the Marwood Co-op and Ward 11 ai'e deadlocked for first place in the Ward league. War’d 4A and Ward 6 are undefeated in two games while the Ward 8 squad has won the only game that it has played. The standings of the two leagues are as follows: Interfraternity
Team Pi 'Kappa Phi Sigma Chi Lambda Chi Alpha Tati Epsilon Phi Phi Delta TIreta Army “A” Army ‘^B” Delta Upsilon Sigma Pi Sfgma Alpha Epsilon Kappa Delta Rho Siigma Phi Epsilon phi Kappa Tau Beta Sigma Psi Army “C” Triangle Phi Kappa Alpha Tau Omega Delta Tau Delta Sigma Nu Acacia Theta Chi Theta Xi Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha Chi Rho
Won Ldst :i 0 8 0 8 0 8 0 8 0 8 0 0 1 0 1 1 \ 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
Kappa Sigma
1
2
Pi Kappa Alpha
1
2
Delta Chi
0
2
Sigma Alpha Mu . .
0
2
Phi Gamma Delta
0
2
Beta Theta Pi ^ .
0
3
Phi Kappa Sigma
0
3
Phi Sigma Kappa
0
3
Tau Kappa Epsilon
0
3
Phi Kappa Psi
0
3
Alpha Kappa Lambda .
0
4
Includes games of May
31.
Ward
Team Won
Lost
Ward 11
3
0
Mai wood '
3
0
Ward 4A
2
0
Ward 6
2
0
Ward 8
1
0
Ward 13 .
2
1
Ward 12 . .
2
1
Dover
2
1
Owen
1
1
Rochdale
1
2
Ward 7
0
1
Ward 1
0
2
Ward 2
0
2
Westminster
0
2
Ward 10 & 14
0
3
Circle Pines
0
3
Michigan State Makes Out Final Football Schedule
Providing the comedy element of Chief Clevett’s colossall sports carnival that is to be presented in the Stadium next Tuesday night, the 'events of the Silver Dehby wfll be intermingled with the other activities throughout the evening. This interfraternity aifair Will consist of eleven events, with three fraternities competing in each one of the eleven races. The Silver Derby will be run
on a special track that is to be constructed on the center of
the football field. ^
One of the scheduled parts 1 Eight games, four at home and Of the Der,by IS the barrel race, ^he road, constitute the an event in which twelve men will Michigan State college football participate, four per team. Tfie con- schedule which has undergone its testants will wear barrels around changes occasioned by the war. them, and at the completion of A.thletic Director Ralph H. Young each lap, the runner must take off revealed that thi Spartans, by muthe barrel and the next person must consent, had called off games put it on before he is allowed to -virith Iowa State, Kansas State, starti Like all other events in the Washington State and Oregon Derby, the barrel race is to be a re- state for next fall and substituted lay consisting of four laps. a second game with Great Lakes Horseback Race Naval Training station and Camp The horseback race will consist Grant. The Chicago Bluejackets of five participants, four “horses” will be met at the Great Lakes staand one rider. The rider will ride on tion on October 2 and then tvill the back of each of the four come here for a game on November 6. Camp Grant has been assigned
Includes games of June 1. In the United States, while libraries and schools Celebrated May 10 (Nazi book burning anniversaiy) with renewed vows fo struggle for intellectual freedom, the Texas house of representatives banndd works of Byron, Browning, Lamb, Shelley, Tennyson, and Arbittcr as “Obscene” oi “atheistic” and found them unfit to be read by any person within oi wifhout of the Univcisity of Texas! (Commonly called the “Bible Belt”)
|PO YOU PIG IT ? » Submitted by Grace Moore [Drake University, Des Moines, Iowa
“horses” around the track once.
The bicycle race will consist of the Oc^ber 23 date on Macklin four men and one bicycle. After Field. each lap the rider must get off, and Qne reason for taking on the seethe next person must get on the ond game with Great Lakes was to bike before another lap can be help the Sailors arrange a fivetaken. game home schedule. It was exAnother event to use five men is plained that with five games listed the wheelbarrow race. As in the foy their home field, every sailor at horseback race, there ai’e four the training station would have an workers and one rider. Each of the opportunity of seeing at least two four laborers push the rider once home games. State’s service game around the artificial track. schedule is now larger than any Chariots Take The Track other in the midwest. This is in ' The chariot race, also consisting keeping with a policy that has been of four men per team, is run with in vogue since before Pearl Harbor, a baby buggy a rider, a frater in the spring of 1941 the Spartans pushing the cap, and another one played two games with Port Custer, pulling it. The four men alternate first of a series with army and navy with one man resting each lap. teams that has extended to virtualThe art of handling stilts will ly all branches of athletics. Michihave to be mastered by those enter- gan State will meet the University ed in the stilts relay, if they are to team Nov. 13 in a game at Lafaycomplete the circuit around the ette.
track with a minimum number of bruises and brush burns caused by the fall from the high altitude. All in all the derby will provide
each fraternity with an opportun- registered, and the powers-that-be ity to demonstrate just what its in the Navy were finally obliged to members are most capable of do- back-track a few odd centimeters, ing. So the groom spent the night with
his fine new wife, but he reported
WOI, Iowa State, is now broad- back to the barracks the next morncasting Spanish lessons every Mon- ing at a bright 7 o’clock, and hasn’t day, Wednesday, and Friday, until seen hide nor hair of her since. July 80. Planned and recorded by Time, tide, and the Navy wait for the educational depai’tment of no man . Oh well, maybe it was Time magazine, the program will worth it Even the faculty is give the listener an oppoi’tunity to talking about this one. acquire a basic Spanish vocabulary of 600 words.—Iowa State Daily The Betas will have a legitimate Student. opportunity to try out their pin-
Ratio
(Continued from page 2)
SEND ys YOUR SLANG AND GET $10 .)P WE USE IT , Aolc/ress; College Dept,, Peps/'-Co/o Co.; Long Island City, R Y.
^^psbCola Company, Long Island City, N.Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers.
THE ANSWift IS
¥ ¥
z&t
Decket’s Inc. 51^-20 Main St. Phone 5036
More Great Lakes Grid Stars Receive Commissions GREAT LAKES, 111,, June 2— Edward Heffernan, former St. Mary’s (Calif.) College half back, and Gust Zarnas, ex-Ohio State University guard, who were members of the championship Great Lakes football team last fall, have I’eceived commissions as ensigns and have been detached from the station. The departure of Heffernan and Zarnas brought to thirty the number of 1942 Bluejacket football players who have left Great Lakes. Zarnas Played With Bears Zarnas, who also played with the Chicago Bears and the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League before his enlistment as a chief specialist, started in all Great Lakes games last fall with the exception of the Michigan State contest. He received All-American recognition in 1937 and played in the East-West game at San Francisco Jan. 1, 1938 and also in the Chicago All-Star game in the summer of that year. Heffernan played with St. Mary’s Galloping Gaels in 1938, 1939 and 1940. An excellent passer and runner, Heffernan was named the most valuable player on the squad in his senior year and in 1941 he was appointed as freshman football coach. With the Bluejackets last season he carried the ball 30 times, making 119 yards for a 3.9 average. He tossed 20 passes, completing ten for 217 yards. Six Have Received Commissions Six of the thirty football players received commissions. In addition to Zarnas and Heffernan, the officers are Lt. (j.g.) James Barber, former University of San Francisco and Washington Redskins tackle; Ensign John Popov, University of Cincinnati half back; Ensign Leonard Rector, University of Pittsburgh quarter back, and Ensign Edward Norris, De Paul University full back. Two more swimming instructors also were detached. They were Cy Nelson of Chicago, former swimming coach at the Lake Shore Club, Chicago, and the Shawnee Country Club, Wilmette, 111., and Stanley Bryda, ej^-swimming director at the Detroit Athletic Club. They departed for an eastern base for advanced training.
serenade arrangements on a truly loving couple, Roy Moore and Betsy Morton. And when they get through with that pair they can begin on Don Brewer, Expo managing ed, and his little RCA kiddie Ann Muller. But reverting^to the former, ther’e are a few interesting angles, somebody is getting clipped somewhere—the Morton babe already has a pin of some description . but then, collections ai’e always fun.
Conference Football Schedules Designed To Reduce Travel The Conference football coaches and athletic dii’ectors met in Evans-
Sailors From Peru Naval Traminf , Sfation Second Mce Nine To Meel Doan's Diamondmen In Two Weeks Following the twin victory over Freeman Field test Wfefek end. Pop Doan, Boilermaker baseball coach, is groomifife Ms squad for the twin bill with the Peru Naval Base this comifig
Saturday.
Ed Mfsselhorn hurled the Kiveters to a 10-1 vietdry in tite first game last Saturday and Ed Timm pitched them to a 5-4 - — I' — win in the second game of the
series. Timm practically won his own ball game with a single and a triple to his credit for his times at bat and he cohtributed two of the five runs person-
ally.
Double-Header With Pern
The double-header with the Peint Naval cadets will provide the final tuneup for the local sqUhd before
ton recently with representatives of the Big Ten conference finish which the Great Lakes, Camp Grant, and will culminate in the series with the Iowa City Pre-Flight School. At Ohio State’s title hopefnls at Cbthis meeting the directors post- lumbus on June 11 and 12. If the poned some of their college games Buckeyes should lose just one of the so that they-could accommodate the games to the Boilermakers it will service teams that desired games cause them to slip into seconli pTfice with the Conference Universities. for the final conference standing^ For instance, such games as the The pair of seven inning contests ones scheduled between Ohio and with the cadets from Bunker Tlill Minnesota, Michigan and Pennsyl- was scheduled to fill the gap left vania, and others were indefinitely when Indiana cancelled the series postponed. This enabled Ohio to originally scheduled for this weekschedule a game with Gi’eat Lakes cud. Not much is known about ^he at the Great Lakes Naval Training cadet squad, but they are reputed Station ^and Minnesota to play to have a stronger ball club than Camp Grant. Further, it enabled did the flyers from Freeman Field. Michigan to play a game for the Hesse 'Returns To Squad benefit of the soldiers stationed at For the past several days, Pop Camp Grant, Rockford, Illinois. It has been sending his men through a might be mentioned in passing that short batting drill and then divideither of these games in normal ing them up into two teams 'Snd times would have drawn more than having an intrasquad game. Yes$100,000 at the gate. The Universi- terday Walter Hesse returned to ties will play their games on Navy practice for the first time since the or Army grounds for nothing ex- Wisconsin series a week ago last cept their expenses. The Confer- Saturday. At that time He^se i*eence men, however, were glad to ceived a split hand and he has been make this contribution to the war on the injured list ever since, effort. They do believe that athletic Coach Doan expressed the doubt training aids the war effort and that Hesse would be recovered they are carrying out their resolve enough to hold down his backstop of several years back to turn pver post in the Peru series, but he will their total resources in grounds, be able to play in the Ohio State
buildings, equipment and manpow- games.
er for the winning of the war. The first game with the Peru caThere was another angle in- dets is scheduled to get under way volved, namely, reduction of rail- ^ P‘ Students will be admitted road travel. For Ohio and Minne- presentation of their passports, sota to play at either place entailed Doan has not nominated
Phi Mu Joyce Kuntz has been as busy as a lithpsome bee getting herself all fixed-up with George Simonson’s Alpha Gamma Rho pin. She yesterday made the fond statement; “I have always been fond of straw mattresses”. Which doesn’t prove much of anything, except that straw is cheaper than hay: if you can stand the thought
a 700 mile trip. That is another reason why this game was given up. The Michigan game in Philadelphia also called for a certain amount of railroad travel. The Conference has resolved to reduce travel not only by cutting out “the games to be played where the institutions are long distances apart, but also the teams will travel in day coaches. Not only in football was consideration given to the travel problem but the directors also voted to follow again last year’s schedule in basketball. That schedule, you will recall, saved some 110,000 men miles of travel as over against the many miles of travel of former schedule. Although this schedule was not made up with any thought of presei’ving equalities of competition but only with the idea of conserving travel, yet the basketbalUrace last spring was one of the best that the Conference has ever experienced.
the starting pitcher for the Boiler-
makers.
IM Schedules Softball Thursday, June 3—6:45 Diamond— 17 Ward 11 vs Dover 18 Ward 12 vs Circle Pines ^ 19 Unite 1 vs Unit 4 20 Unit 2 vs Unit 3 21 Ward 13 vs Roachdale 22 Ward 10 & 14 Vs Westminster 23 Marwood vs Owen
Due to the Athletic Carnival being held on Tuesday evening, June 8, all Intramural Softball gatq.es will be postponed. In case of rdln, the Athletic Carnival will be hWS one week later, Tuesday, June 15.
Exchange Post (Continued from page 2>
ed with the “War Manpower Rationing Board,” and each girl' U
given 48 points per month.
Points are subtracted from the
We found Debri^ coed Editor, Dotty Ragsdale wandering around loose in front of the Chi O house the other evening singing “June in January.” Good folm giving way to a natural curiosity, we stopped to inquire whereupon we learned that the gal in a daze had just acquired a eye-sizzling sparkler from pinman and future spouse, Dave Heckert Happy times. You’ll have them, you’ll have them,
BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR: troups of gaily singing maidehs whipping happily from house-to-house with mixtures of lusty shouts and girlish tremors. Since Spring has been making personal appearances more frequently of lato, the Thetas and the Alpha Chis have
been working long hours on their repetoires, and now that they have things in good shape, they plan a
few road-trips. A little more liberal ration book for each man she Sits than the Kappa Kids who restrict next to in class, each man their singing to the exclusive lis- serves her meals, each man \^ho tening “pleasure” of the ATO’s. lives next door. The rationing sysThat isn’t all the ATO’s get in on, tern is supposed to give all girls’^n however, their sun-deck gives them equal share of the men. Dancing a direct line on the sun-sessions eyes and a cute figure also cost cothat go on every day on the side- eds points, lawn of the Kappa house, other- (Pity the pin girls!) wise known as “The Amphithea- —E-P— tre”. Wait till the Navy takes over Chinese, Greek, and Russiaa rethe ATO house telescopes can cently were added to the curriculum be handy things to have around. of Finch Junior College. —E-P— Tlhe newest report is that Fiji We Teave you with thtis hkppy Herb Sidell has clipped his badge on item, which appeared in the India slick little blond fiom town. But ana Daily Student— that doesn’t jibe with the reports “Memorial Day vacation wilt Wthat he is a gentle gob in the USN. gin at 5 p. m. Friday, May 2^. What kind of an angle is that? A Classes will be resumed at 7 o’clocV’ pin for every port? It’s been done, Tuesday, June 1.” ‘ .wW 'If’t
V
I
v'Mi'i i' 4^',' ■
Mj^4
Purdue Exponent
f \ ,r ' *' ‘1 ; '.1 U- , ’ ’' ’ '*/'’' ’ ‘■ C " /'
Thursday^ June S, 1943'
Scouting The Shops W^ith Sheets Hear ye I Hear ye! At last Old Man Sol has shown his shining face over the Purdue campus. Are all you Eds and Coeds ready lor the summer season? If not, come along with me to Greater Lafayette and see what the shops have in the way of a summer wardrobe.
On our trip around the town let us first visit Loch’s and lake a peek, a hig one, at their second floor Beach Shop, featuring Catalina and Jantzen swimming suits. Two piece cottons, or lastex are keen for the beach or pool. Plain colors if you are not able to wear the brightly colored prints. One lastex really took my eye—a snowy white
lastex front and a jet black hack with black conventional cat- sculpturing in mind, tails sewed on the lower left front. Another that was really keen tt„ 4.„ fimp ay,p }iq(1 nev- . ,w„ piece cot,„„ pri„> in blue No n^d .» ^ aTarexampls your size, Loeb s Beach Shop has just the thing lor you. Any ciu t, j color, and style, and prices ranging from two dollars and soap sculpture. She had
Dr. Alma Long Displays Soap
/ ^
Sculpture In Library Exhibit Hobby Dates Back Ten Years- or. Davis Receives Teaching Sick Friend To Model Communication
From J. Martin/44
Notices
By Elisabeth Ford
This week’s display in the glass case outside the hewspaper
. , 1,1 1 . • 1 T.U. Dr. Davis, head of the Departroom m the library centers around the soap sculpturing hobby Entomology recently reof Dr. Alma Long. Her hobby goes back ten years to the time ceived a letter from J. Martin, when one of her friends was ill. Her friend wanted something ex ’44, now in the Navy, an excerpt to do when she began to feel better. Dr. Long got soap, several from which follows: modeling sticks, ahd a group of pictures, with the idea of “Leaving the University was
painful, because it took me a long time to create my opportunity for \study. I saw Entomology as a fascinating life’s work, but with the
Placeitient Notes
For Women
The Central Institute for the
Deaf, 818 South Kingshighway, students: There are several openings
Saint Louis, Missouri, which is af- In Cook County > , . , IT • cation blanks may bo seebred by contacting
filiated with Washington Univer- the office of tho Division' of Education Re-
t J? J ‘i.* ferrinn. room 318, Executive buiiaing. Jun-
sity announces a number of tuition seniors of good standing from Cook scholarships for students who have County, in., high schools ’'’■Leemmers
completed two years of undergrad-
J. 1 J J J. 1. 1 Senior MB’s and AE’s: If you expect to uate work and graduate scholar- havrem^ployment interviews with industrial ships for those working towards reproMutatives between "ow^nd Decern- ^ ^case secure company sheets and inMaster’s \Degl’ee. The courses con- torviow request cards in ME Office imme-
sist of training in the field of speech ^]?‘^‘dy.
correction- and education of the deaf and the-hard-of-hearing and leads to degrees from Washington University, Any one interested should call Placement Service for Women (2966) for further inforihation.
providing you have not
WAA: Golf callout at 4 p. m. Thursday in the Women's Gym. —HUTCHINS Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Will the following please return their unsold tickets and money to the Playshop office by Thursday at 6 p. m.: Lester, Fairman, Wedge, New-
man. Kissam, Yingst, Simons.
—DeLONG
TT ij TT • i-i Ti Outing Club: All interested in Outing Miss Hulda Ungericht, Home ciub hike Sunday, June 6, 2 :30 p, m., call
Service Director of the Ohio Fuel Oscar Smuckiei, 2476, or “^"man"’ Gas Company, Columbus, Ohio, has ’ , t.
_ . . , Playshop Managing Board, Players, Er-
written concerning openings on her ecutive Board, Coed Heads of “Claudia”: staff for Home Service assistants. *^“"ecARMic^HAEL‘"
These positions will be in Columbus ■—^ 1 .1 r\T • T. War Council: Important meeting Thurs-
and other Ohio cities where there ,,ay afternoon, June 3, at 5:30‘p. m. in the
are branches of the company. The Unmn office. From the
• u? xi. T T 4? lx xir X T , ^^ , to the banquot m the private aining room coming 01 tne Japs 1 lelt tnat l -work involves demonstrations and inside the Chestnut Room. Ailpresentmem-
could'finally, inmy own way, repay talks, conducting cooking khools,
RCA Cadettes of soap sculpture. She had
ninety-eight cents to ten dollars. If you prefer wool suits to tried to visit exhibitions but Tl*<QiFlinV xi. n ^ j ci. i. ji j i.- ~ '
..,.e..ui>Mherci,„.,„a,„pp.,o£.I.c,.i„l,o,hJa,...e„.nd had not succeeded, rtOnOf I reODy ^ Catalina. Dr. Long began sculpturing jg-ot content with crossing wires ing myself an American. ested will you write Miss Ungericht 330 of the Union ~ ' ‘
Need a new rain jacket? It’s the newest thing in sportswear so that she could explain to her and blowing fuses in circuits lab, in- “I know both sides of the story at once and lot me know you are apand is super for a wrap to wear on that fraternity picnic coin- friend how she thought it was done, vading AIEE meetings, or causing well, and often bless my father for plying to her. If you do not apply ing soon. Decher’s has these water repellent jackets, made by The first piece of work to be finished Prof. Caldwell to be known as the his foresight In coming to America j simU appreciate a note from you Jantzen in both ladies’ and men’s styles. The ladies’ windbreak- was that of two dogs sitting in the Dean of Women, the RCA Cadettes fiom Germany. Too few Americans also. ' ers, as they are called, are gathered at the waist and cuffs. But- opening of a doghouse. Later that in section thiec have added to their appreciate the paiadise of oppor-
tons replace the zippers, hut all of us are willing to give up year as the summer flowers bloomed accomplishments the knack of sing-
Dr. Lone and her friend used them ino- “Haimv Rirt’nrlav” to their'in-
ihis small item for the war effort. Fellows, your windhreakers Dr. Long and her friend used them ing “Happy Birthday” to their 'in
are of the straight line type, having buttons also.
tunity and freedom in which they
live.”
jufat oft the Cheatnut
—CROUSE
Dulphin Club: Meeting Thursday, June 8, at 7:15 p m. in room 104 of the Fieldhoufae.
—MURPHY
Pin Unmbda Upsilon: Keys are here. Cull at 115 University after 7 p. ni. —GOFF
Another feature of Decker’s Sport Shop is the new slacks and shirts. These are not being made in matching pairs this year, hut are made in-separate slacks and shirts so that you can “mix ’em and match ’em”. In this way
you are able to have a more colorful outfit as Uses Simple Tools
well as having more money to put into war
bonds and stamiis.
as models for their woik. structors.
Since then Dr. Long has added, The first recipient of the prover-
bial greeting was Francis (ho much prefers to be called Jack) Trebby, who has the group for ciiquit theoiy. Important as the occasion was, Trebby just couldn’t see his way clear to declaring a holiday so
class was held as usual.
many other pieces to hei collection. Carved rose leaves took the longest time to complete, while a pelican was finished in only an houi. Both of these pieces aie in the display.
YelloH Tells ASME Of Steam Research
Agronomy Staff Will Hold Picnic Saturday Members of the agronomy staff will hold their annual picnic Saturday June 19 in the soils and crop
Recreation is a definite requirement these days, and so may I suggest that if you are a lover of golf you waste no more time. Go to Decker’s and see their Kroydon golf clubs. At the present there is a good supply hut later they will be hard to gel and there may be no more at all. The “woods” are priced from seven dollars and fifty cents to sixteen dollars and fifty cents. The “irons” are priced from six dollars to eleven dollars. If you Want to see beautiful golf clubs, don’t miss those at Decker’s. Time to run along again. Thanks for bearing with me. See you again.
Gunn Announces
Pvt. Byrhanna Fights
December Showing Qff Axis CockfOach
Of Passion Play
According to an announcement by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chaiiman of the convocation’s committee, the Black Hills Passion Play will be picsented at the Music Hall next December 2'and 3. Because of the cost of the production, which includes the upkeep of two camels, the Passion Play will not be offered as a part of the regular convocation series, hut will be staged as a separate pioduction. iHternationally Famous The Black Hills Passion Play is inteinationally famous, and is performed by a group of players second in i-eknown only to those of Oherammeigau, Germany. It was recently given a big writeup in the Saturday Evening Post. According to Professor Gunn, the Passion Play will probably attract a much largei audience than the average convocation; in the laigo cities of the East, whei e it has been presented many times, it has been the biggest drawing card with the exception of This Is the Armj. The Play, a very sei lous one, has never appealed on Bioadway, loi religious leasons.
Today’s Boner as found in a student’, papei b> the Committee on StandauN in English:
“The cowboy ol the West was the answei to the demand ior meat.” Cannibalistic, ue’d say.
Pvt. A. L. Burhanna, formeily a student of entomology at the Univeisity, now stationed in the Pana-
There are several simple tools which Dr. Long uses. A knife roughly outlines the proposed figure in the soap. Modeling sticks cut deeper impressions and smooth this rough outline. Then old dentist tools make the intricate and more diffi-
cult sculpturing possible.
Dr. Long has given seveial lectures on her interesting hobby and has used examples of hei own art to illustrate them. She explainsthat soap sculptuiing is one of the few hobbies which require very little skill and only a few simple im-
plements.
E. Young Discusses War Issues, Plans Dean E. C. Young of the University Graduate School addressed the Indiana Library Institute at Winona Lake last Tuesday on the sub-
Health Service Reports student Health Service announces the discharge of the following from the St. Elizabeth Hospital: R. M. Lehman, B. B. Smiley, and J. G. Fiushoui; and G. B. Wu from the Home Hospital. Phyllis Grams and Jane Post were discharged from the Women’s Residence Hall infirmaiy. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Professor J. 1. Yellott, Chairman giove of the University farm,
of the Committee on Relations with Colleges of ASME, addressed a meeting of the University Student
Branch last night.
The title of his address was “Unusual Problems in Steam Research”. Professor Yellott foscused his attention on the flow of steam
through nozzles.
One of the most important things discovered in the particular research being discussed was a device for actually seeing the steam in flow. The discussion was supplemented throughout with slides on practically every phase of the re-
seaich.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
The affair is expected to attract approximately 80 staff members and their families. Mrs. C. Skiver is in charge ol committees for the oc-
casion.
The Moslem university of A1 Azhar in Cairo, Egypt, was founded in
970.
Encouragement of co-eds to enroll in mathematics is an aspect of the war effort at the University of California. Tegchers of Japanese in colleges and universities throughout the United States met recently at the Univeisity of Michigan to compare notes on Uitcst methods and techni-
ques.
Northwestern university is one of the most recent ijo adopt a program of compulsory physical education foi all male undeigraduates.
Alpha Phi Omega: All men intending to pledge Alpha Phi Omega are requested to loport foi their mteivicwb Thursday, June 3, at 4 p. m in loom 307 of the Union
^EAGLE
Aeromodelers: There will be a meeting on Juno 4, at 7 30 p m in room 80 of the Union to discuss activities foi Ihe^ summer term All members and others interested please attend. —QUINN Soldiers, Sailors, Students: Hillel picnic at Shelter House bihind Stadium Sunday, June b, at 5 p m Food, games and gals
—GLUCK
All Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4pm at Hillcl House, 116 Shcetz St
—GLUCK
All Students: Infoimul senior cord danro at Kappa Ddta Rho house Saturday, June 6. Ever\one welcome —FROST Lutherans: “June Jamboiee" at 626 North Ninth slrtet in Lufavelte. Sunday, Juno 6, at 7 30 p m E\er\une welcome —MATTHEWS
Aeromodelers . .. will hold their first meeting of the summer semestei Friday night at 7:30 lu Room 80 of the Union. The meeting is open to anyone interested in model airplanes. If you are interested and cannot attend this meeting leave your name and adchess in box 80 at the west desk of the Union.
ma legion, has maintained close .iect, “Tho Wai Issues and Then
contact with his chosen field of study event though cut off by the exigencies of the global conflict. A lecent letter fiom Panama tells of biting into a piece of bread only to find that a German cockroach had beaten him to it. The Axis insect, overwhelmed by the gigantic Allied pincers movement, struggled desperately to pull a Dunkiik, hut failed. The luptuie in the enemy lines occurred just in liont of the distended egg capsule, allied hcadquaitei.s, bu.sy in the disposal of the Axis mateiial, issued no statement, but unofficial estimates ran as high as 2,000,000 captuied eggs. Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Univeisity of Minnesota are .said to he the leading schools in number of physicists engaged in war woi k.
Importance.” A subsequent chscus.sion was led by Paul Howard oi Gaiy, president of the Indiana Libraiy Association. Dean Young, who has been doing work with reference to post-war planning, considered the issues which will be foiemsot in the minds of the reading public duiing and after the wai. He said that it is essential for public libiaiies thioughout Indiana to he conscious of the demands of the reading public if they are to he of maximum seivicc dm ing the war and in the retonstiuction pciiod af-
tci wards.
Mixed Recreation
. . . will be held in the Women’s gymnasium from 7.30 to 10 Friday night. Tho usual loims of eiiteitainnient vill be piovidcd.
Classified Ads
Typewrilcrs: Adding macniriGB, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J EberbhufT, G05 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Honey to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewnterB. AJbert’e Loan OfTicc, 407 Columbia PersuiiN in any ol tin Natal * V” progrcims inUroBtui in fuiming a dan^^t band call George Saiiciwcin, 7751 IvOHt—Pair of hbt ll-i imnu fl gldssth Riwaid ChdilcB Landti Phone 2966 Ijost*—Grt( n, oilid nlk lairuoat in Unioli Sunday night Rtwaid (all 4b^i()2 asK Joi Jiob. J^obI—it. & It. Log j.,0^ Dtiitijg ‘'lidi. 1 Lilt Reward A C Andii'^on
Temple univeisity has appointed Dr. Geiald D. Timmons, executive secretary of the Ameucan Dental association, to he dean of its school of dentistry.
mSliimTOM MERRY-gO^ ROUND
The leaders and the peoples ot the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance ot Washington news and Its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
2. If your application papers are satisfactory, you’ll receive free transportation to the nearest Office of Naval Officer Procurement. There you’ll be interviewed and arrange to take the aptitude test.
1. First, go or write to the nearest Navy Recruiting Station or Office of Naval Officer-Procurement for application blanks. Give the information required, and return papers to office of origin.
Then comes a physical check-up by Navy doctors. Requirements are thorough but not too difficult. Any young women in sound health should be able to pass the examination with flying colors.
4. It’s a thrilling moment when you raise your right hand and are “sworn in.” From then on, you’re in the service of Uncle Sam, ready to do a man-size job for your country 1
5. Off for training school! The Navy takes care of all expenses. Meals in the dining car. A pullman berth for overnight travel. And you’ll find comfortable quarters ready for you when you arrive.
6. Yes, it’s really you! You’ll feel proud —• and rightly so — when you first see yourself in trim Navy blues. Complete outfit — $200 worth of clothing — is furnished you free as an enlisted woman. '
7. Training schools are located at some of the country's finest colleges. Typing, radio operation, communications, mechanics are only some of the skills you may acquire.
8> At training school you’ll follow an interesting schedule. Athletics, games, recreation with friendly companions are yours to enjoy in addition to the valuable training under expert Navy teachers.
9, And now ■ a full-fledged member of the service — you go on active duty at one of the big Naval bases. You’ll be in the thick of all that’s exciting and important i'n» America at war.
10. Yes, your salute will be recognized by an Admiral. And you deservo recognition! For yours is a big job — a service" to your country you will' be proud of the rest of your life.