*
St. Olaf Choir
Approve Appropriations For Coming Fiscal Year;Gramt Leaves
Besides approving the University budget for the coming fiscal year, which’begins July 1, the board of trustees of the University Wednesday approved several faculty changes, promotions and leaves -of absence for staff m'embers. It was the regular quarterly meeting of the board with every member in attendance. The principal appointment was that of R. J. Greenley, associate professor of trade and industrial education to succeed Prof. .Roy Dimmitt, resigned recently to join the U. S. Bureau of Education in Washington. Greenley, who holds degrees from the University; of Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania State College and University of Akron, has been on the faculty at Akron since ;1927 ' as director of Teacher and Foreman Impovement courses. He was granted a master’s degree there in 1932. Other Appointments Other faculty appointments fellow: T; Z; Ball; R- i- Hoaglin, 1 J. Sprauer and H.; A Strow time assistants in chemistry; W. A, Trayier, assistant in : machittey desigh in mechanical engineering; Rhinehardt Jensen, assistant in physics, and J. W. Hubler, assistant in agricultural engineerihg. Promotions listed were as fol lows:;. Fi’om : associate professor to professor: S. D. Chambers, applied mechanics and H. L. Solberg, mechanical engineering, From assistant to associate professor: W. E. Howland in civil engineering and W. T. Miller, mechanical engineering; Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, home economics; R. R. Ryder, education; Dr. J. F. Bullard, veterinary; D. DenUyl and C. G. Geltz, forestry; E. C. Stair, horticulture. From instructor to assistant professor: Dr. F.J. Allen, chemistry; (Continued on page 4)
Lamb, Reisner Trophies Presented; Hockemdf
ISoss Give Principal Talks
“We have three aims for next year,” said H. I. Herah at
in the Home Economics building. “Those aims,” he continued, ‘are: to have PIA members in every activity; to place PIA ' above or equal to the highest organizations on the campus;
to have a membership of
“Human Adventure” Film To Be Shown In Frankfort
- ^he ; Human yAdyenture’’, an eigiit reel talking; picture produced by the Oriental Institute; of gdtoportra^m^i’^yStigefroinsavagery to Civilization, will ba shown at the Rp^cy theatre in Frankfort, Indi, in tbe afternoon and evening of April 23. The show, which was run, at the University last year, is being' Sponsored by the Frankfort high school student councils.
IlissEarbart;;. Resumes W ork WiU Confer With Sen. ipr Students Today
Sporlswomen Will Hold Initiation Breakfast Sunday
Amelia Earhart, noted aviatrix, resumed her consulting work here Tuesday soon after her arrival at the University Tuesday afternodn, and a formal dinner was given in her honor that same evening at the Women’s Residence Hall. Attending; besides her husband, George Palmer Putnam, were the memhers of the board of trustees and their wives, and several faculty members. Conferences Yesterday was devoted to another series , of conferences, including a session With the University board
Purdue Sportswomen will hold an initiation breakfast at 8 o’clock Sunday morning at the W. A. A. cabin. The following pledges are to be initiated: Marjorie Charles, Mmadel Venemann, Ma,ry Humphreys, Regina Kelly, * J eannette ScuddCr, arid Emily Tubbs. pledges are going through probation this week. Today rattles are in vogue and tomorrow they will
carry toy dogs to classes, An election of oificers will be held at this meeting, The retiririg officers of the organization are: Louise Burkle, president; Charlotte Bennett, vice president; Mary Gaylord, secretary; and Ruth Maur, treasurer. A screen for the cabin fireplace will be preserited by the Sportswomen at the breakfast.
Out in southern Minnesota on a hill rising out of the meadows and pyerilrioklrig the Bttle town^ Northfield; is located St, Olaf Col-
lege.
It is ridt a large college^ It has just one thousand students. Neither the college ribr its studenis are particularly rich. : No; irig; iriotor cnrs are parked pri the campus there. And the -St. Qlaf boys do not go iri much for golf knickers dr flaring flannel trouser? , ,;:Literally,Bug lipmtd ; Grandchildren and great-grand-children dr Norwegiari seltlersr-:;, those, resolute men and women who, came over here and Bterally dng theiri hoirie-steads out of the soil, fighting winter blizzards and. Sum-. mer droughts, poverty and hompsickness the while—are those boys and girls; Compared with other dGllege students they are a rather seripus lot. They are there to work, those boys and girls of St. Olaf, and generally they go about tfle business of acquiring an education with the same earnest sobriety tflnt their grandparents displayed in settling these
states.
First Concert
From this college a number of
years ago flO
to New York and gave a concert in the Mefropolitan Opera House. They sang only reliipous musicancient hymns of the Reforniatiori, the works of Johann Sebastian
Miss Earhart will confer with senior engineering students interested in aeronautics as a career this afternppn from 2 to 4 pdlock in room 308 of the iflechanical Engineering Building.
Local Theatres Will Present Safety Films
The Mars arid Luna; theatres vdll shPw sdfety ripwe flashes tbday arid tomorrow. T^ films are sponsdred by the state: Motor ’Vehicle Bepartirient in cooperation vritb the police; departments of the larger cities. They are mtcrided to promote safety on the highways,
B. Marsh Will Speak Today
:AAA ;Gfficaal: .Th ;Giye: Prinbipal ;■ Address;, At Saf ety ■ 'Gonf fer’ence;
Lt. Frank M. Ereml, public service specialist of the University Public Safety Institute, Will discuss problems of traffic arid : accidents with particular emphasis in the engineeririg phases at a cpriference which opens today for city and county engineers and county highway supervisors of this state. : Burton Marsh, director of the
isiri^pr-? Tonrnpvpd safety and engineering departments
" "g ® i'ourneye^i of-^be Amete^ ciatiori, will deliver the principal address of the morning when he spedks bn “What the City and Gounty Engineer Can Do About
1000.” Prof. E. C. Hockema, representing Pres. Elliott, spoke on “Politics and Policies”, and T. K. Noss, guest speaker and member of the Education department, spoke on “Campus Politics”. In his talk he stated that he “would like to see campus organizations jump from the bottom to the top by eliminating the prestige idea and substituting the cause idea.” Noss Speaks He , stated Biat; he; wotdd; change politics frarii the petspn^ to-the platform idea. Speaking fur--ther, Mr. Noss said, “The future is open for ariv yourig person who caii fi^re out: the EcOriomic jmuddle that the United States is hpW in.” During the evening the rievy; officers were sworn im H; I. Hersh Was sWorn; in iis presiderit; U, O; Buxton, vice president; RCgina Kelly, coed executive; Mary Wien, secretaty; and;,J. E, Ward; treasurer. The guests were tDeah BMimCr, H. G. Itiesrier, Dr.:;Q’Sliea, L; M. yailely. Miss Coolidge, W; A* Bpdderi, Prof. Bray, T. K, Noss, F, C, Hockema, Peari Fisher, Mrs. R. B. Stev/art, and her guest, Mrs, Mur-
phy,;
The Lamb Trophy fo^ the freshinan with the most activities was awarded to Wilson White. ;The H. G. Riesher Trophy for the Senior with {the highest schplastic standing went to J.F. Spahr. Members of the board ;arei; Mens Activity Ghairman, Wilson White; Men’s Social Chairman, Robert Sclundt; political chairman, Dwijght Wait; Women’s activities chairmari Mary ToWrisend; campaigri manager, John Bowmar; Women’s social chairman, Mary Humphreys; Pub licity manager, Harold Sennstrom.
Parkinson To Head Agriculturist Electoral Board Selects New Staff At Meeting
''f
Safety”,; ■
' Afternoon Session the afternoon; session, Leslie
In
Bach and of the other leading riri’it-
ers of sacred music.
And-to this Concert a packed
house responded with an enthusi- J; Sorenson, city trafiic engineer of asm that would haye warmed the Chicago, will speak on the methods hearts bf the Metropolitan Opera empleyed by Chicago to keep traffic Company itself, ^ moving, arid Prof. B. H, Petty, of Critics ail over the east were the civil erigirieering ; sehool, will (Continued on page close the day’s pi’ogram:
of trustees and luncheon with that organization. Which was holding its quarterly meeting. Today will be given oyer to a series of confer^ ences and tomorrow to a session with Pres. E. C, Elliott ririd deairis of the schools and other University officers on “New Developments in Education for Women”. Individual conferences with students or talks before student groups have been scheduled for certain hours each day. Miss Earhart plans to leave Sunday.
Naturalist Will Talk To Forestry Students In Coulter Hall Tuesday
Rotarians To Convene Here
C, E. Hennirig, c. E. ^33, has just accepted an engineering position with the Tennessee Valley Arithbrity, being located at Decatur, Ala. His work at present involves a study of fluctuatioris in the ground water leyels behind WhCeler Dam.
EXPONENT STAFF
All staff members wishing to attend the staff banquet to be held Sunday nighti April 19, at 6:15 in the faculty lounge of the Union, must sign the bulletin jHft- the Office by tonight. .;V Mr. George Hays, Purdue ’12, former editor of the Pxponeiit ari,d now efiitori of Steel will be the guest Speaker at the banquet.
Famous Maestro To A,ppear Here TomoiTow
Charlie Agnew and bis thirteen piece orc’hestrri will make their second appearance bn the campus tomorrow evening when they play for the inforriial Union darice. The orchestra first appeared on tfie campus when It played: for the 1936 Military Ball. Featuring Emrie Ann Lincoln, vocalist, and Lon Saxon, baritbne, Afinew ;will play here after filling' erigagements at Notre Panie and at Uaba Madrid, in Louisville, Ky. Agnew first met with; success in Chicago with a band he bad organized, played at tfie Terrace Gardens of the Morrison hotel. Hb: later fified engagements at the Sidgewar ter Beach hotel And the Gpifejge pm in Chicago, as well as playing an engagement afi thp Plaza hotel iri Cincinnati,-
W, A. Stickler> of Mishawaka, will speak to the Purdue Forestry blub Tubsday, April 21, in the lecture rooiri of Stanley; Coulter . Hail at 7 p. m. Stickler is the owner and operator of Camp Idlewild, Marcell, Itasco County, Minnesata. ; Mb, Stibkler is a native of-Min-nesota and has spent 29 years An studying the habits of animals, as well as the fish of the streams and lakes. He has trapped and hunted all kinds pf wild life, not for the sake of ;the killer; hag limit,; but rather tb learn first-hand information about aiiimals; Within a ten mile radius of his camp there arC oyer 200 lakes that abourid with
wild life.
Hunts, T*'aps For Pictures; . A great deal of the hunting and trapping has been done to get pic-^ tures. His pictures of bird life are some bf the best ever deyeloprid by the Eastman Kodak Company. He has some pictures showing the pilefited wbodpeckey in Actibrii Hb also has; moving pictures bf flyfishing,' casting and;:abtual catches of “niubkies”, wall-eyed pike, trout; and bass. Mr. Walters, an expert bait caster, wilt accompariy Mr.
Stickler.
Anyone interested in conserva tion, bird and animal life, and our foriests is irivited to Attbrid. The
Rptarians from the fifty-nine Rotary clubs in the 20th district. Rotary Internatibnal, cbniprising the entire state of Indiana will’ assemble here Tuesday and Wednesday, May 12 and 13 to enjoy their Afind
Annual District Conference.
Fifty-two such gatherings are being held in the United States and Canada this spring and thirty-three iri the countries outAde of Nbrth America. The total attendance at all of these is expected to exceed sixty thousand, for they are high spots in the Rotary year, ranking second in importance and interest to Rotarians to ths; International Convention to be held in Atlantic
City, .Tune 22-26, 1936. Many Expected To Attend
Delegates from every club in the 20th district and a riumber of prominent Rotarians from other parts of the country are expected to at-
; (Contiriued on page 41
R. H. Parkinson, P.I.A. and a member of Alpha Zeta and Hoof and Horn, was elected last night to succeed, Harry Brown as editor-in-chief; of; the Pifidue Agricifitudst for the coming year; K. T. Caldwell Phi PAta Theta, was elected to the position of business mariagbr, succeeding A,’H. ProlAt. r L. Q. Buxton, vice-presidenV P.LA. arid: member of Alpha Zeta*, Ceres, and Reamers honoraries* was;; named circulation manager for the coming year, succeeding W. H* Kephart. Junior editorial assistants for the coming year are C. I. Sheetz, H. V. Cobbs, and T. K.
Parkinson.
;. Business-' Assistants,■>; Assistants to the business manager for the coming year are J. Gi Steckle and L. H. Tbie, Circula-i tion assistants are W. ,C. Kessler, J. ;0. Hogue; R. S. Harper, and B. 'OverbCck.. Departmental editors are as follows: A. Catitwell; agricultural education; M. ■ Drake,; ag engirieeririg^ G; C. R;eed, agronomy; J. A. Ho^ er, animal husbandry; C* M. Har-r din. :;dairy;' F. G; Warren* : Farrii; Management; W. Shrader, foresitry;’L. J. Doud, horticulture; Anderson, poultry;; Ruth Griinam; home ecohomics; arid Campus rind alunmi, W. R. Pall. The electoriril board consists of Prof. J. H. McKee* Dr; P; Yburig, V. Cl Ereemrin, the editor* business manager, cmculrition mriu^ ager and the departmental editors. The election yesterday riftbfuoon was closely contestedy grades; seeming to play an important role in the
vbting. >
Sob Play For Mixer
School Teachers To Gotivehe Tomorrow
:-W.'A.-Ptibkieri'
Pufriyette hi^ sbhpMs inteiA^d'iii forestry as a profession are to be the special guests -of the Purdue
seporS of the Lafrij^ette rind West Forestry club.
"With talks on lecture technique and a new; system of point grading feriturinA the opening day, high schobl chemistry teachers from rill oyer indiaria, gather :here tomorrow for .a twoAay conference. F. B. Wade, of Shortridge high schbolj Indianapolis* will preside at tbe bperiSrig: sessioris. Ihrebt E. C. Elliott will address the group at the annual banquet tomorrow eye;, ning.; v-.'-A discussion of teaching problems by members of the University faculty rind the Indipia Uniy^ltA faculty, An riAiress on the Inffiariri Junior Academy of Science, and a business meeting will comprise the Saturday program.
Bob Baker rind his eleven piece: Indiana University hrind will mAku their first appearance on the campus when they pAy for the weekA mixer Saturday night in the Memorial Union Building. Baker and his orchestra have been highly successful m the appearances on various state university, and :college campuses. He staged a recent tour oyer the state, pAying a series Of staga : shows, making appearances mPadiaUapolis, Muncie, Shelbyville, and at several Uriiyersities arifi eoHeges; colleges. Wide Experience^^^^^ ^ Baker has had a wideAJ^ofissSioriril experience in musical Ibaes, hriyk;; ing performed in the percussion section of the John Phillip Sousa, band Laterhebecameaffiliatedwith Charlie Kroener’s band as ri for which he is now rioted. Following, he went to New York City and after a six-week rehearsal job with Red Nichols’ famous dance band* he joined Fred Waring’s noted glee cliiA The mixer will last from 9 to 12, and the prevailing price of one dollar will be charged.
- i
J I
BEBRIS
Any organization or PwternRy desiring mounted and framed pictures of its seniors please write immediately to Dexheimei'^Carlon Studios, Oddfellows BuRding, Indianapolis. BRAYTPON.
.... ?,'|£ *«' ,■5 .V
tiPlie $iirbue exponent ^ ftanMItaitM
1935 Member 1936 Ftesockded G:>lie6icile Press Distributor of Cblle6iote Di6est
M«mlier e« Matlonsl Collese Prew Aoio^iion, Bie Ten Bditodun AssoeiatioB ■ ■ Kxdaehrely BepTesented by, Nnttoitnl. Adwertidiig SeiMe<^:. Infc, ' ■ 420 filadicMn Avenue, New York City
ISntered as second class tnatter at the post office^ L^ayetta, Indlnn^ P^Uvot^ by a, 98.60 per year ; delivered by carrier, $^60 per year; sold; by single «Hi!Py>. 2
Bnslness Phone 608$
main OFFIGE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF : ■ '
.....B. V. Heuser
.. . . . .._C. H. Campbell
ABBociattt
M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin,; W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris, M. G. Waltbcr ■ .....N. E. Hays
Associate SportB Editors
...D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood .. ' : K. A. J. .E. Brock. A. H. Forester,
fiariier, Jr., R P. Manion/C. L. Sadler, R. 0. Schenk, J. L. von Hara Eftld ATid BIftirfr i?ldffcr\r . il...-. R. Abbott
BU8INB8S STAFF ' , ■ _ ^ ... ... .....W. A. Koch
Adv^ising ManuKer. Adyertisine Assistants... Circulation ManaKer....
.. ;.....H. F. Antonini ...; ...li. H. Brown, R. Greek, D. C. Miller ; ....... ^ - R. J.' Hulse
: Associate Edlton.........-
WOMEN’S STAFF .... Joyce Williams JHelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Thursday, April 16,1936. ^
Issue Editor—J., E. Sheeks.' ; . ■
Fraternity ScholarsMp. In a letter from the Dean of Men, fraternity presidents were informed recently that the scholastic index of organized men on this campus was lower for the first semester of the current year than at any time for the last ten semesters. The all-student average for the last semester was 3.77 while fraternity men exceeded this by only .04. The notable ^ump in fraternity scholarship is but another outcome of the depression, during which time many organizations threw pledging standards to the Winds and took in men who were socially and financially but not scholastically qualified for membership. With the larger enrollment and more prosperous times which are in evidence, it seems reasonable that a lowered index is but a temporary slump. Many fraternities have taken the initiative on this campus to raise scholastic indices by adopting higher requirements for initiation than are required by the Fraternity Council’s ruling. Ninety hours of “B” are required for graduation, and it seems reasonable that neophytes should be required to make ten to twelve of those hours for each semester in school if scholarship is to be maintained and graduation attained. As a general rule, those students who do not graduate and are usually those who are least valuable to their school as well as to their organization. Higher requirements in scholarship would establish a goal for new students, which,' if reached, would tend to form habits in the first year that would be followed through to graduation.
Sharing. Haiids ,And Eyes An inspiring example of cooperation is that of two students, 31 and 32 years old, at the Chicago-Eent College of Law. One of them is blind. He lost his sight when he was 20 years old. The other is armless. He lost his arms in two accidents, one when he was 14 years old, the other four years ago. The two men met by chance on their first day at the law college. The armless freshman guided the blind freshman down a flight of steps. They got acquainted and soon pooled their resources. The one who is blind takes notes on classroom lectures in Braille, transcribing them later on a typewriter. The one without arms,reads the textbooks aloud. , One of the pair is the high ranking scholar in the class. He insists on sharing the honor with his friend, without whose help he says he could not have succeeded. They plan to stick together and keep up the cooperation when they start to practice law. Either man undoubtedly would do fairly well without the other. The fact that each planned a law career and started to law school in spite of his physical handicap showed courage and a will to overcome difficulties. Now they have added comradeship and mutual helpfulness to their equipment.—R. c. s. ■■ ' ■
READERS* OPINION: The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
IT AIN’T FAIR Theta Parlon got her Ijate, but now she refuses to pay for the ad, even though I did offer to take it but in merchandise.' (Maybe that is the reason.) I BAN TINK SO TOO Nordic: I want this book. Librarian: This “Ben Hur”? NOTdic:. Ya, .that teii she. ,;.j4-swiped. \-':L:;TRUE;BLUE ■ Class “D” Bender (seihi^gooii)-^ remember yesterday’s Exponent?— has another date with Kappa Harker. Incidently, Mr, Joseph Bender has his ring, his pii^ and all that sentimental stuff on his one and only in Chicago (no cracks, you guys). There’s nothing like being faithful to the girl back home. CONTRIB FROM THE ZOO A swim in a shark-infested deep Provides no wilder thrills Than giving a co-ed your heart to keep To do with as she wills. —morestick your neck in the lion’s jaw; He’s tame and old and tootliless; But co-eds are nature in the raw; Look out for them; they’re ruth- ■' less. . —^Haw. Did zoo like those ? LEAP YEAR IN- FULL SWING So Margaret Richey lost her Kappa pin! I’ll bet Jack Beck collects the reward. And that ain’t all. , FAMOUS LAST LINE • ,, You can’t print that—it’s dirty. . GOOD, HUH? . Pirst»Pickpocket: Watch but Bill. Second Kappa Sig:Yep. Now for the wallet. —mini. 'FAMOUS LAST LINE ' You don’t think I am going to stay home just b^ause she has a date, do you?
Sports Statistics "" ' Increasing numbers of co-e<^s are coming to the University with an average amount of skill in swimming, volleyball, tennis, Social dancing, basketball, and baseball. When asked, in the course of their physical examination, to underline the activities in which they had participated before coming to college and those in which they had ipore than average skill, 16 per cent claimed more than average skill in basketball and 11.6 per cent felt that their proficiency in volleyball and swimming Was abb've the mediaii iinei. it is interesting- to note that while there was no actmty bn thb list in which no one had participated, over 9Q per cent had no skill in apparatus work, guoits, or riflery.
Top Hat,. White Tie And Tails To the Editor: I have asked a good number of junior and senior students what their opinions were as to the kind of clothes to be worn to Proni'this year. From these people I learned the following things: 1. If everybody had a spring formal, that would be the ideal Prom outfit for the men. 2. The important thing is to keep the Prom from looking like an ordinary mixer, caused by a mixture of clothing. 3. Almost every man owns either a tuxedo or full dress or can borrow one. 4. Very few men own a correct spring formal. 5. A tuxedo of full dress is just .as comfortable as a suit of clothes. 6. A good many men would have to come to the Prom in a business suit as they would have no means of getting a spring formal. COfUtrary to the “Opinion” in yesterday’s Exponent, the mess'jacket is not correct for spring formal. The correct outfit is black palm beach «pants, white palm beach coats, and a “boiled shirt” with black bow tie and either a vest or sash. Therefore, to be correct either way one would be in a socalled “boiled shirt”. How many men that you know own this type of an outfit ? Either a man would have to stand out from the crowd in a business suit or would have to invest a lot more money in Prom, than he had planned. Also the mixture of clothing would take away a great deal of the spirit of the Prom as it is supposed to be the largest formal function of the year. No matter what is decided, there will be a few people disappointed. Why not please the majority of the five hundred menstudentsbyinakingthePromdress— Save the average students money. Uniform in appearance. Garry on the tradition of the dance. Prevent embarragsraent to men not able to afford a spring formal and are not to be taken as the opnion of tho Prom c
GOLDEN VOICED— (Continued from page 1) rhapsodic in their admiration. From such distinguished authorities as H. E. Krehbiel, Deems Taylor, James G. Huneker and a host of others, these singers won high and unstinted praise. They came again, these singers from Minnesota, in 1925, 1927, 1929 and 1930. Symphony Hall, Boston; the Metropolitan Opera House, New York City; and many other notable concert halls were filled with eager throngs of listeners. So enthralled were these audiences that the critic of the New York World wrote on February 9, 1929: Press Comment “Some two score youths and maidens from Northfield, Minnesota, put on immortality for approximately one hour and thirty minutes last night at the Metropolitan Opera House, for the most exacting listener surely must admit, that the choir of St. Olaf College, during the moments they are intohing their music, can only have been recruited from the angelic host.” The result has been an annual tour of the nation. The whole country knows of the achievements of the choir. It has sung its way into the hearts of thousands from Sandy Hook to the Golden Gate. It will appear at Eliza Fowler Hall on Thursday evening, April 23, at 8 o’clock.
also JOHN WAYNE in “WESTWARD HO” . and ‘Custer’s Last Stand”
Midnight Show SaturdajrJ “The Leathernecks Have Landed”
In 1929, apparatus work and gymnastics followed basketball in frequency of participatipn, This year’s class placed the activity sev;enth oh the list. Six years ago none of the ehtering freshmen had played quoits. These changes in participation reflect the new trends in physical education. Sports are becoming less formalized and high school curricula are becoming more diversified.
As p, leisure time activity, swimming is the favorite sport. Tennis and social dancing rank well up in the list, which also includes golf and horseback riding. The way in which girls spend their recreational periods is always interesting and the freshman class seems to have a varied sports, prograni.
Increased knowledge of tennis is desired by 46.8 per cent of the present freshman class, and 44 per cent wanted to improve their skill in swimming. Next in interest is social dancing with 14 per cent being interested in becoming more proficient dancers. There are 7.2 per cent still interested in basketball but only 1.2 per cent can conjure up any further interest in volleyball. In the previous survey, girls had greater interest in swimming and tennis than any other sport; no particular reason seems to be apparent.
A last interesting development is the marked increase in the activities in which the girls have participated. This year 60.4 per cent had skill in a single activity while in 1929 only 30.3 per cent had skill in any single sport. This increased activity shows the changing status in women sports as the stamp of public approval is placed upon- them. In the future it is reasonable to expect that the entering co-eds will have more diversified skills, increasing activity, and wider interests. —H. L. C.
, LEARN THE LATE : CHICAGO LAND, SWIMS FOX TROT By Enrolling in Our New ADVANCED CLASS Friday, April 17, 7:30 p. m. Other Late Dancra Taught
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
ZANE GREY’S
with Larry “Buster” Crabbe Robert Cummings, Marsha Hunt Tom Keene, Raymond Hatton and
HE €©Ui.D WHiP HOS WiiSH? BN WIILPCATS! bsaS as eBev ac a ■■ 'Llova
Plus News Serial
S OF THE
MMIIES*
^ with OmieseiCBCEFpHP FBoFaigee Hke
iiR^
Paul Muni’s latest screen triumph “The Life of Louis Pasteur” will he presented at the Luna Theater April 19,-20, 2l, and 22, under the joint sponsorship of the Reamer club and the theater. The picture, which has won the acclaim of critics and audiences wherever it has run, will be shown for the benefit of the minor sports program at tfie University. There will be no increase in admission prices and tickets may be obtained from Reamer actives or pledges, at the Union desk, or at the Luna box-office.
Murdock Building Damaged By Fire Four trucks answered the call to the Murdock Building at, 7:30 last night. Fire originating in the attic caused .considerable,. damage and water caused the ceiling of the top room to fall. Additional damage to the offices on the main floor and to the ballroom was caused by the water. Two hose lines were used to extinguish tlie blaze which was confined to the attic.
AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
LUm : TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE:
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE ■ EXPONENT
.MY PORTABLE SOFTENER PAYS FOR ITSELF IN THE SOAP IT SAVES
Now you can enjoy the benefits of really soft water for washing dishes, shampooing the hair, laundrying clothes, bathing, etc. This new softener makes hardest water softer than rain-water.
sorrENKR
Two sizes to fit every household
liFT lilEi for laiiiirf; isiiis, M% l|aiip®®iig, it®. . The inexpensive Nalco Portable Water Softener now brings the luxury of abundant soft Water to homes and apartments everywhere. Think of having all the Soft Water you want, —hot or cold,—rfor the laundry, washing dishes, the bath and shampooing. The Nalco Softener is used right in the washing machine, sink or bath tub. Soft water saves soap and assures a rich suds. Soft water for dishes saves time in washing a^d keeps the hands and skin softer. Soft water for shampooing assures lovelier hair. iiwali iipeiisiw® liistiilitions The Nalco Portable Water SolEtener rivals in efficiency, an installation costing hundreds of dollars. Yet it is as simple as a tea kettle and costs only a few dollars. Gives years of service. Requires no installation—no pipes or plumbing. Softens both hot and cold water—all you want—a jjusirt or a tubful. See this amazing household convenience today.
Easy to use at a tea kettle. Famous Zeolite filters out all hardness from hot or cold water, as it runs through the KALCO Softener. Two j«wx— t3.S0 and t7.i0.BoilermakerNine,22-16
In Rflttic JLII JLPcil/l/JLC/
, Boilermaker baseball fans yesterday missed one of the most exciting games so-far played this season when Purdue was defeated by Chicago University by the unusual score of 22 to 16. The game, from the very start was as wild as the score indicates. Chicago went to the lead in the early part of
the
the g^me by capturing first six runs but Purdue baseballers made a tremendous rally and scored the next fourteen. Chicago then came back to make twelve more successive runs rather stunning the Boilerhiakers who finally inafie the liast
two runs of the game. ;:;First:RRlly :
Purdue made its first rally in the fourth when they pounded out six singles ahd received two walks; all of whieh got hOme. Ih the fifth, a hawie run by Krause, sOpOhoniore catcher, with two fOur singles, three walks and a hit batter finished tl^ Maroon pitcher, CohnOr Laird. In the Chicago half, of the fifth Dick Cochrane, co-captain doubled and knocked in two runs. Later Bob Shipway, Maroptt catcher, knocked out a long home run along the first base line with bases full. In the sixth these men from the Windy City added five more runs to their already tremendous
;'total.t' ■'
Bartz relieved Rosser in the third inning and finished the game. His pitching/ was rather spotted however, and BiU Haarlow and Bob Shipway stole home in the latter
part of the game.
The-score by innings follows:
R H E
Purdue....O 0 0 6 8 0 2 0 0 16 13 4 fchicago...l 1 4 0 7 6 0 4 X 22 20 14 Batteries: Purdue—Rosser, Bartz Krause. Chicago — Laird, Mastrofsky. Shipway.
Chemists Develop New Motor Fuel For Farmers In an effort to aid the farmer by using his land, members of the American Chemical Society have been waging the “Battle of Motor Fuels”. One side, the farm chemists plan iio aid the farmer by making it possible to make and use gasoline mixed With ten per cent alcohol. It is estimated that this process, which may be announced tonight, will make use of some 30,000,000 acres and create jobs for 2,000,000 should the driving public accept this new fuel. Those arguing against the new fdel claim that it will not help and that the cost of the fuel would be raised. The oil chemists, in opposition to the change, claim that because of the increase in cost, the. farmer, being a big user of autos, will pay more for gas, and there fore will not benefit much by the sale of his grains. They also claim that the necessary alcohol may be made cheapest by other sources than crops.
Frosh Squad Shows Talent If a large turnout of enthusiastic and talented freshmen is any indicatipn; Purdue's prospects f^ championship basebdll team in the next few years are; excellent, 'One hundred ahff; fifty wou|d-be Dizzy Deans and Babe Ruths tmswere^ the; first Call for practice Tuesday. Yesterday, aftm all preliminary organization, Cdach Doan instructed the hewmen in the general procedure of playing their particular position, with tips .on niistakes made by others. Although the sup ply of men for each position W:as plentiful, the supply of pitchers was the greatest followed next in
order by outfielders, -
All men who have not turned out for baseball and wish to dp so Should report to Coach Doan at o’clock on the field east of the
Armory.
insulation^; M “The Thermal Insulation of Homes”, fourth bulletin issued by the home information service of Better Homes in America, with headquarters at the University, explains in detail the best use of insulation materials in old and new homes. Thermal insulation is a highly important factor in house construction, according to B. F. Betts, member of^ the American Institute of Architects and the staff of Better Homes in America, who prepared the bulletin. The increaSirig importance of insulation is due to the development of air Conditioning. The booklet takes up the four types of insulation and their methods of use. Thermal Insulation Necessary The bulletin further asserts that even disregarding air conditioning, thermal insulation is necessary. In the ordinary home it reduces the cost of heating equipment, cuts the cost of heating fuel, and makes the home cooler in summer. . Fully illustrated with photorgraphs and drawings, the pamphlet also considers further methods of preventing heat loss.
Fraternities
Open Mass Golf
? Tournament
Amid the gusty spring breezes a group of players from Ddlto Tau Delta, Sigma Alpha Epkilon, and Kappa Sigma fraternities yesterday started the mass-golf tourney on the Public Golf Course. Due to the large number of players, the tournament is being run off with the requirements of one-fourth of the house membership, or if there are less than thirty members, onethird are required to enter. The following will play their matches at 4 o’clock today:
Alpha Tau Omega.
Delta Sigma Lambda.
Kappa Delta Rho. Phi Gamma Delta. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Kappa Sigma. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Sigma Nu.
, Signia Phi Epsilon, cPhi Delta Theta. / Beta Theta Pi. K^^^ Si^a. "
Phi K^^ Si^a :Chi,
Track;{RIfen7 Enter ^ TwoEventsOf Drake Relays, April 24-25 ^ ■ At the Drake Relays to be held at DesMoines, Iowa, bn April 24-25, Purdue’s track team wilt be represented by the two-mile and medleyrelay teams. The teams are certain to make a better showing than last year in spite of the inexperience of two sophomores on the teams. The loss of Co-Captain MoOre is the greatest blow to the team, but they still have great possibilities. Pve Or six men will leave by ca,r for DesMoines probaWy about Wednesday morning and will return bn the following Sunday. Any . place in the relays is a great tribute to the ability of a team because of the great competition pro-
vided.
The Drake relays have a competitor to contend with in the Penn Relays Which are to be held on the same date. This keeps many of the outstanding eastern tracksters from participating. The main events are to be run off on Friday and Saturday /afternoons and the Columbia Broadcasting Company is to broadcast the highlights of both the Drake relays from Des Moines and the Penn Relays from Franklin Field, Philadelphia. Ted Husing, ace of the CBS sport staff, will give the public an eagle’s eye view of the events at Franklin field while John Harrington pf WBBM will pronounce his comments from the Drake University stadium.
Game Draws
Season^ 8 LiurgestCrawd
By Bob Walpole,
further evidence that the sport of baseball is rising in interest, according to an article written by Hugh S'. Fullerton, a noted sporte writer, and published in the April 15 Exponent, is the record of attendance at the early Boilermaker games. Although the home season for conference games has not as yet started, already an* increasing amount of interest has developed in
the varsity nine.
Against Butler in the doubleheader last Saturday, the teams found one of the largest crowds in several seasons on hand to view the scramble. For the first home game of the season against the nine from Carleton last week, a considerable crowd was in evidence although the" cold wind and threatening rain scared most of the sup? porters aWay ;before of
.the/game.'
>.-7;Gomparis<m,^ In comparison to last seasdh’s early attendance records? the preSr ent rate ig far in exceks; due partially to the? fact that since Did change in location of the Varsity diamond prohibits, temporarily at least, the collection of tickets, and the fact that the team is stronger this year. Whether or not the numbers will continue to flow to the Intramural Field for varsity en gagements remains to be seen, but ail indications point to a better year for the team and a better year for attendance.
of the University division of physical educatipn for men, will jonmey to St. Louis, Mo., today in order to attend the annual meeting Of the National Physical Education Association which will continue through Saturday. Mr, Clevett, who is in' charge of the intramural work at the University, will be one of the featured speakers before the intramural section, discussing “The Place of Sigma Delta Psi in an Intramural Program”. He will, also present th^ summary of the intramural groups* activities before the general session of the association.., Larry LaBree, coach of swimming and tennis, will attend the meetings of the research, remedial and corrective physical education sections. .
NOTICE Archery for men each afternoon except Saturday from 4 to 5 :80 d’dbck? Equipment obtained from supply room in gymnasiumv
. 7?DR. A. ;m, :irion:'?;:' ■.;( .'r'DentistV- ,7'^ Eron Flats State ahd Main Phone 4965
eirs elected are; editor, H. S. er; asi^stant editor, John E. Broe secretary treasurer, Ann Koagland^ < ^ The Scrivener, a periodical campus ' publication, publishes articles, utteh' as short stories and poetry.
t > V
f > 4
A V- -F +■ BASEBALL ■f -f ' -f ^ -i-
-f -t
+ A- A
Today
Diamond 1—Kappa
Sigma vs; Phi Delta
Theta.
2—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 3=--Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Tri-
angle.
4— Delta Upsilon ys. Phi Kappa. 5— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Kap-
pa Psi.
6— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta. 7— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8— Ward 8 vs. Ward 7. 9— -Ward 6 vs. Ward 4. 10— Ward 15 vs. Ward 10. 11— Ward 14 vs. Ward 11.
. LAWN MOWERS , ■ : Sharpened and repaired. New and need mowers. Prices on hew . Ball Bearing' Mowers $5.25 and hp. Mowers called for and delivered.' F. JoSo MralaaMpt A: Son 209-li North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafa^sdte, Ind.
Middleton Flies Aecountant To Chicago C. A. (Bubs) Middleton, University airport attache, flew Paul P. KlementUer, NeW York City public certified accountant, to Chicago to meet a TWA airliner as the latter faced to the bedside of his ailing wife on Tuesday afternoon. Plying in the airport’s Waco P ship, he made the trip in one hour and twenty minutes. Klementner was here auditing the books of a local firm.
B. D. Maddo:^,, C. E. ’35, has resigned from his position with the bridge department of the, Indiana state highway commission to accept an engineering position with the International Filter Company in Chicago,
if a
a Driak then a CHOP STEAK.......lOc at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Forestry Clnb To Plant Constitution Elm Tree In honor of the 150th anniversary of the signing of the constitution of the United States the Purdue Forestry club has made ax^ rangements to plant an elm tree Saturday in front of Smith Hall. It will be named the Purdue Constitution Elm. The arrangements have been made by G. E. Brown, senior forestry student, in cooperation with Dr. L. D. MeCoy, of the physical plant.
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH , SHOP 213 Vine St. W-Lafayette
We make application pictures for $1.25 per dozen. Speciai price on lots of flftjr or more. > Rembrandt Studio
105 Vine St.
W. lAf ayette
Murine quickly relieves eyes irritated by reading, smoke, dust, wind, loss of sleep. It's soothing, refreshing. Use it doily.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS V
Send them^to CROH^N to be moth-proofedi by our MOKITE moth-proof process. No extra charge for moth-proojing
N I
0 L E A N E n S
or
r iM E
rf
' r 11
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. BISK ■KOBERT G.'^HlSK.-: HAKOLD J. BISK ;7;:/7LUTHBB.A.;-BISK:,'7;;: 400 Schultz Bids'. Phone 5701 ; /.Ckwner ■4th'.andi ;|iain :,;/ /
Use your time and money saved by riding Street Cars in enjoying sports.
c t a T H E sClassified Ads.
Lofit—Eappa key. Call Margarett Richey. Reward.
295ii
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
NpTIGES Ka aftHr • p. m.
English 1 Stadents, First Semestar-r-Stu-dents who received C’s for failure in Spelling, gi^niniar, or themerwriting, should, ait* tend one of the special classra in these .subjebts^ before tsiking the neirt make-up Examination. Attendance at these special classes is' voluntary. The spelling class meets each Monday evening at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Becitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesday at 4 o’clock, in room 813 Recitation Building. The themewriting class meets 'Friday at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. The class in theme-writing .is the only and final opportunity for: students with C's in theme-writ-ing to remove this condition, regardless of who their instructor was last semester. —WYKIOFF. W. A. A.—'The following matches must be played before next Wednesday: Raher vs. Walker, Hague vs. Wiley* M. Jones vs. Venemarin, Cason vs. Dumvoody, Caldwell vs. Dobson, Charles vs. Elstun, McLeod vs. Pflughaupt, A. Jones vs. Biemer.; if lacking transportation call Mildred Fitch, —-FTTOH.
English i Btndente, Buomi SeBiMter— Students who failed the recent grammar and spelling tests ate urged to attend the voluntary classes in thead subjects, in order, to prepare for’ the wake-up tesU. The spelling class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, in room SIS, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesdays’ at 4 o’clock, iu
room 318, Becitation Building.
•WYKOFP.
Campus Blcioms With Color Men Take Fashion Lead
Luster Of Fascist Col
Vnion Workers-i-Members of our comfUit-: tees report to sub-basement at 4. —QUIG6LE. PUGfi, OHAVBR, . SCHOLEB.
; V. W.' C. 'A. Cabinet—-Meeting -in: office .fit 4 today. —JONES: Peni^: Gai(uival---All sororities .must-{te nish their oWn sheets and have b6Uths for the carnival tefidy by 2 Saturday. V.—MoSEVENY.:
; W. A. A. TfimbUngr-Members .meet at 4 today in the gym.' Compulsbrir:
W. Ai A. Trackday in the gym.
-Members meet at 6 to—WALKER^
. W. A. A. Council Membera--Supper for old an3^ neW members, of council in W* A- . A; cabin at 5 today. Meet, in the gyiU. Bring 25 cents, —ARNOLD. C. E. Camp,—^All students planning bn attending C. E. caitip, meet in C. E. lOli tomorrow at '4. Meeting will not last more than 15 minutes.
—TODD.
Sportswomen—Be sure; to Wear P: monograms tomorrow and Saturday. —BURELE. Sigma Delta Psi—Tryouts today and tomorrow; Report to stadium at 4. W. A. A. Archery—Practice today at 4. Three practices necessary to enter the tour-
nament. .
. —BOEHM.
ored Shirts piiUmed By Clothes Parade ‘ Mussolini’s black shift and Hitler’s brown shirt movements have been surpassed and dimmed by Esquire’s, brilliant checkered shirt movement now pervading’ the campus. Checks ... red, yellow, purple, green, blue, orange . . . rainbow riots of“color . . . have come to the front of the ample chests "Of IPniy^ brilliantly adorned by ties equally as chromatic. _ The co^edsj who afe,;a to MB A.A fashion talks; very
W. A. A.—Open swim at 7:30 tonight. All co-ed’s invited. : ' ' ; ,' --BRA;PY.: ' Playshop—,All menibers, both active and inactive, desiring keys leave bfders in office between 4 and 5: any day next week, ;::..--3IOLDEN,. Scrivener—Pledging tonight at 8 in Engineer’s office in Union. —BLOCKER.
Union Committees-—Will the following memhem of' our committees please meet in the Union office today at 4. Very important. Bring pens: Anspach—Driscoll, Sequartz, Deerr, Busardi Mielke, Hague, Blocker, Beemer, Mor-
ris, Elstun.
Grimm--:Shiewalter, King; :Wetzel Bryant, Schroeder, Cameron, Kriegbaumm, Scheindt, Wilson, DeWitt, Reed, Bain* Martin, Lyons, Jarrett, Ford,.,McKinsey, Gilr lespie, D. Morehouse. K. Morehouse, Per-
kins.
Purdue Engineertoday.
-All fresh report at 4 —McGUFF.
THE STYLE ST©IIIE for Yoyng Men Sport Coats, Slacks, Gaberdine Suits, Skirts, Hose, Ties, Raincoats, Sweaters. "We Feature
May Day—Group 3 meet in Women’s Gym at 4 today. Group 4 meet in Women’s Gym at 7.; —BOLDER.
Sigma Delta Chi—Final meeting tonight in the peasant roonc . of Union at 8. Important. -^BUTZ,
Christian Science Organization—Meeting today at 7 :15 in Engineer office in Union. •—DRISCOLL.
Lutheran Students—Meeting Sunday evening at 7 :30 in room 2 of Union, —STTTZ. .
Fraternity Presidents’ Council — Meeting tonight at Lambda Chi house at 6. —McConnell.
Mercliapt Tailor 507 Main St.
asm on
Two straw hats from Nassau: The upper one is a cocoanut straw with puggaree band; the lower one is the very hew jipi japa (the j’s pronounced like Y)—a native West Indian hat converted for fashionable purposes.
Introduced in London last year for wear -with light colored summer cloth- . ing—-champagne colored shirts. The bat tie in foulard patterns continues to gx’ow in importance for in-town and country hot weather diays.
The open front sport shirt is of major fashion importance. Fashion leaders have been wearing tbem outside their slacks.
Newest in resort footwear—'vsrorh by fashidp leaders at Palm Beach— is this polished calfskin, Norwegian last slipper.
conservative in their dfefis, hhve been shoved unceremoniously to the drab fashion background' by this unprecedented and pRgnaci-' ous male advance of the fashion Parade Forth ' With the first balmy days, ambitious males paraded forth attired in outfits akin to Christmas . trees . . . white shoes, no hats, ’ and slacks. Suede shoes of many colors have also made their appearance along with gaudily ■ striped socks. Snappy sweaters in “cleaner’s de-light” shades are an essential part of the natty outfit. These sweaters tend to follow the “check” trend, although usually in more modified forms. Light blues, greys, and tans have more prevalendie f;han other tones;^OiiieEd^CampaSgns^;:;.;.;:^':-^ ' Gabardine suits ^re- also very popular though being avaiiable only to plutocrats. (Editor’s note: There seems to be a hunlber of plutocrats!) One hardly male is campaigning vigorously for a sport dress Pronti in order that he may make the niost of his new spring outfit consistihg of a White gabardine suit, wine red shirt and white silk bow tie With White kid shoes. Bow ties are oc((upying the front rank of the “neckline” in this battle of beau brummels. However, campus eds still have quite a distance to go before they can compare with the luridness of the original Brummel in his prime. ’He wore scarlet velvet with silver buttons and probably purple bloomers. No doubt, if the present trend continues, this extreme will be reached. “Mannishness” However, a certain “mannishness” is retained in this latest fashion frolic. Though most loudly adorned men can be heard at some distance and usually resemble “dudes”, there is something to be said for the feeling of confidence which a brilliant coat of colors instills in a man’s heart. The latest male dress fad may be summed up in words of popular songs . . . No More Gloomy Sundays, (how could anyone be gloomy amid this brilliance?) . . . Red Shirts in the Sunset... I’m Putting AU the Colors in One Outfit . . . and ... Anything
Goes!
riild, practical mechanics; L. Jfe. Beck and J. H. Bowman, electrical engineering; G. A. Hawkins, applied mechanics; P. E. Soneson civil engineering. '' - ’ ' 'From assistant to instructor: C. V. Allen, civil engineering;' M. H. Bolds, P. W. Case, L. V. Moser and
From assistant to associate in the Agricultural Experiment Station: G. B. Cummins, botany, and Dr. J. P. Bullard, veterinary; from associate to professorship, R. W. Samson, acting head of botany; from assistant to associate chemist with rank of assistant professor, J. T. Sullivan.’ Prom assistant to associate in Engineering Experiment Station,
A , '
demic year to complete graduate study at the University of WiscOp-** R. L. Lowe, instructor in English leave ifor the next academic year for graduate study. . ' ' ' Prof. E.' C. Stair, horticultural staff, leave for.the next academic year for graduate study at Cornell University.
mm
ROTARIANS— (Continued from page 1) tend the conference here, W. W. Emerson, of Winnipeg, Canada, a member of the board of directors of Rotary International, will ofiicially represent that organization at the conference. He is advertising manager of the “Country Guide”, a widely read agricultural magazine of Canada, and his address on the ideals and purposes of Rotary will be one of the features of the program. Other noted speakers to appear include Dr. Henry Crane, Scranton, Pa., nationally known writer and lecturer; Willard Chevalier, vice president McCraw-TIill Publishing Company ; James E. Gheen, prominent New York Rotarian and others.
“Give us shorts that shout instead of whisper,” you challenged. Here they are! These bold and colorful patterns are not for tiihid souls. (But don’t worry-'-we haven’t Overdone it!) Scotch plaids are featured, and stripes too—at prices that fiatter'Scotch billfolds.
No center seam to “saw” your crotch. No tight waistband to ch<dce your middle.
224 IVIafh Sti