>5 -4,
i- i
t s J
'4
' I ■i-.t
1
erite Puriiue TSxfsssmnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY APRIL, 8, 1937
NUMBER 127
All Tickets
Are Sold For
Revue de Chic
All tickets for the Revue de Chic, co-ed bid cabaret style dance, to be held in the Memorial Union ball:^oom tomorrow night, have been sold. Unusual decorations in three dimensions will highlight the affair. A large muslin covered cone suspended out over the dancers and illuminated from within by vari-col-ored electric lights will sway overhead. Table reservations for the dance can be made in the Student Union office this afternoon from 4 until 5:30 o’clock. Corsages will be distributed to the tables surrounding the floor before the dance. As an added attraction, ten Purdue beauties will model spring garments from Loeb and Hene, Lafayette department store. Dick Cishe and his band from the University of Illinois will furnish the music.
Music Groups Plan Concert
All of the University musical or ganizations, choirs, glee clubs, and the orchestra, will combine to pre sent the first all-campus Concert on Wednesday, April 14, at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The concert will be tmder the direction of Albert P Stewart, and tickets will be 85 cents each. Committees were appointed to assist Stewart. They are. staging and production, David Dooley, c^hairman; Betty McKee, Bob Caskey, Van Coddington; publicity—Jean Soehner, chairman; Maxine Peters, Paul Worcester, Roy Kohn; business—Damon Catron and Cather ine Davis, co-chairmen, Leonard Raftree, Virginia Beck.
Two University Squads Debate Alabama Co-eds
Rowland To Discuss
Insulator Testing
D. H. Rowland, of the Locke Insulator Corporation, will discuss “Insulator Testing” at a meeting of the University section of the AIEE, to be held tonight at 7:30 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Rowland’s talk will consist of a general discussion of the properties of the ceramic materials used in high voltage insulators. Properties of porcelain will be specially considered. Demonstration tests on porcelain and other insulators will,be performed along with the lecture. The meeting is open to all students.
14 Home £c. Students
Make Inspection Trip
Fourteen home economics students of the child development class spent Monday and Tuesday on an inspection trip to Chicago. The purpose of the tour was to learn about various agencies which cftre for maladjusted children, both physical and psychological. The girls spent Monday visiting the juvenile court and detention home and the Cook County Children’s Hospital. Tuesday morning was spent at the Spaulding School for Handicapped Children, a public school for children of all ages, and the Speech Clinic ^t the Children’s Memorial Hospital. In the afternoon they inspected Hull House and Mary Crane Nursery School.
Kaymak To Address Adult Education Group Tonight A. S. Kaymak, of Konya, Turkey, junior mechanicjal, will address the adult education group on “Customs In Turkey” this evening at 7:39 o’clock in room C of the Memorial Union Building. His speech is another in a series of talks by foiv eign students for the purpose of fostering a better understanding of their customs and prolflems.
Robert Taylor, cinema actor, has donated $260 to Stanford University for the study of the psychology of the theatre.
Wayne Fredericks and Robert Sasser met Miss Diarmond and Miss Pauk, affirmative debaters from Alabama College, in a non-decision debate before approximately 150 persons, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last night. The debate was conducted in conventional style, with Prof. L. S. Winch, pf the University speech department, acting as chairman. Fredericks and Sasser took tlfie negative side of the question “Resolved: That Congress Shoiild Be Empowered to Fix Minimum Wages and Maximum Hours For Industry.” A co-ed negative team from Alabama debated with Robert Royster and Richard Petticrew, University affirmative squad, on the same question before students of New Richmond High School at 11 o’clock yesterday morning. This affair was also a non-decision debate.
March Of Time Distorts Present-Day Football Ideals, Charges Wright
New York City—(ACP)—Charges that the March of Time’s screen version of the life and work of the college football player “reflect improperly and unjustly upon the spirit and ideals of the present-day game,” are contained in a letter written to the editors of that movie feature by Frank S. Wright, publicity director of the University of Florida and president of the American College Publicity Association. “Because your motive, apparently, was to portray intercollegiate football in the light of excessive publicizing, serious injury, distorted recruiting and subsidizing, I feel compelled to protest that portion of your release which magnified so unreasonably aspects and attitudes of the sport,” Mr. Wright wrote. “If you attempted to have the American theater public understand the regulations of the Southeastern Conference relative to awarding of scholarships, your efforts spelled a gross injustice to the high purposes and policies of the members of this Conference. Rather than inform the audience of fact and truth, in sufficient measure, your film left incomplete and inaccurate ideas, and betrayed present-day football. “Why cannot you deal honestly With what' our American colleges and universities are doing to fit football into its normal and deserved place in our educational programs ? In the name of those whose efforts may be humble, but sincere and lofty, may I say you have broken faith with us,” he concluded.
Don Bestoi* Radio Artist
Of 15 Years
Famed throughout the country as one of America’s foremost radio, recording, and dance bands, is Don Bestor, and his 14 piece orchestra, who will play for the 1938 Junior Promenade in the Memorial Union ballroom April 16, Long a favorite in the middle west, Bestor brought his band to Broadway in 1931, and became one of the nation’s ranking dance bands within a few months. His first important New York engagement was at the Hotel New Yorker. With Jack Benny Next came an offer from the Hotel Pennsylvania, and simultaneously Bestor was signed to broadcast his music for the Jack Benny radio show. This was the beginnig of a long radio association with that comedian. Together they launched the Jello show. Although still a young man, Don Bestor is one of the pioneer radio maestros. Back in 1922, when crystal sets were in vogue, he and his band made the first remote control dance broadcast ever made. Buckley Featured Vocalist Neil Buckley has been the featured vocalist with Don Bestor’s orchestra for eight years—one year as tenor, and seven as baritone.
Putnam Statements Refute Earhart “Stunt* Charges
By C. B. Allen
Audiences found his baritone voice so vibrant and pleasing that his contract now stipulates that he limit his singing to that range. Bestor boasts of a musical career dating from the age of nine. His first instrument was a melodeon— which he played morning and night. At the age of 14 he joined a theatrical company, playing the piano at each performance. At 16 Bestor had graduated to the vaudeville stage, and several years later started his career as an orchestra leader.
Ag
s Plan Gala
Week Open House
Sigma Pi
Sigma Pi fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Gerald E. Parries, president; James E. Zachary, vice-president; Clem J. Woltman, sergeant at arms; Theron W. Zink, treasurer; William R. Pall, secretary; and Frank Hershey, Jr., herald.
Royster Receives 2 Year Fellowship
Robert P. Royster, senior science student and varsity debater, was recently awarded one of five fellowships to the Majcwell School of Citizenship ^nd Public Affairs at Syracue University, Syracuse, N, Y. Royster’s fellowship includes full tuition plus $600 a year for two years. The award will become effective next fall. Royster, working with C. R. Petticrew, senior chemical engineering student, on the University affirmative debating team, in three years of forensic competition set the remarkable record of 63 intercollegiate debates without a single defeat. Royster is a member of Sigma Chi social fraternity, a distinguished student, and is high-ranking captain in the University ROTC.
Tau Epsilon Phi Pledges
As a part of Gala Week, the school of agriculture will conduct an open house on Friday, April 30, from the hours of 1:30 to 4 o’clock. This open house program precedes the open house to be held by engineering schools from 7 till 10, in which most of the departments plan to take part. The agriculture school has extended an inVitation to students in other schools, the general public, and faculty, as well as the alumni to visit the campus on the south side of State street and inspect its buildings and facilities. A reception for the alumni of this school is being planned by the faculty to be held the same evening, at 8:00 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building.
New York, April 7—^Amelia Eai^ hart’s attempted 27,000-mile flight around the world, which ended so abruptly, for the time being at least with the crack-up of her LockheedElectra “Flying Laboratory” on the take-off from Honolulu for Howland Island, on March 20, was assailed yesterday as a mercenary stunt “camouflaged and presented under the banner of “soientific progress” by A1 Williams, former Navy racing and aerobatic fljS^er, in a signed story published by the New York World-Telegram, the article appeared only in the paper’s early edition. Major Williams Major Williams—^he acquired his commission in the Marine Corps Reserves, after resigning as a lieutenant in the Navy following a row over his outspoken criticisms of this service’s air policies—condemned spectacular ocean flying generally as having been of no technical value to aviation. Without naming those he charges with seeking to dignify reckless aerial adventures by cloaking them in the mantle of “scientific progress” except to say that Colonel Charles A. Lindbergh alone has refrained from this subterfuge, the article declared: Distressing Stunt? “Amelia Earhart’s ‘flying laboratory’ is the latest and most distressing stunt that has been given to a trusting and enthusiastic public. There’s nothing in that ‘flying laboratory’ beyond duplicates of the instruments and apparatus to be found on board every major air line transport. “But quoting the very words of her husband, ‘this flight is purely scientific; devoted to testing scientific, safety, and navigation devices, and las^, but not least, a scientific research concerning pilot fatigue . .’ “Nothing IS said about the thousands of dollars which Miss Earhart and her manager-husband expected to get for thousands of stamp cachets carried in the ‘flying laboratory.’ Nothing at all was hinted of the fat lecture contracts, the magazine and book rights for stories of the flight, which successful termination of the flight would bring. No, the whole affair was labeled ‘purely scientific’ for public consumption.” Wante4, To Do It Mr. Putnam, who arrived here Sunday from Los Angeles, where Miss Earhart is superintending the repair of her “flying laboratory,” for another round-the-world attempt, denied that he had “ever said any such thing” as the “scientific”
quotation attributed to him by Major Williams. He said Miss Earhart’s own statements regarding the purposes of the flight, would speak for themselves, adding that in writing about the undertaking, she had declared repeatedly: “I am making this flight because I want to.” At the time Miss Earhart formally announced her plans in New York on February 11, she explained that her plane had been provided by the Purdue University Research Foundation and that the flying research program originally planned for it would have to be postponed until after her return from the world flight, because of “pressure of events.” She clearly differentiated between these two phases of her plqns. No Sponsor “A formal statement issued February 11 by Mr. Putnam declared: ‘the flight has no sponsor. Its only revenue-producing tie-up, besides Miss Earhart’s own writing will be an offering of covers for air-mail collectors, a designated number of which will be carried on the plane. The sale of these covers is handled by the stamp department of Gimbel Brothers in New York.’ ” (Herald Tribune Ssmdicate)
Triton Club Vof;ers Must Pass Requisites Today
Girls who expect to vote in the .election for Triton Swimming Club must have all requirements fulfilled by tonight. The practice swim at 7:30 tdnight will be devoted to passing the following requirements: swimming five lengths of the pool using side, back, and optional strokes; fropt standing dive; treading water for thirty seconds; floating for 60 seconds; and surface diving three times. Following this an open swim will be held. *
Seventy Co-eds 'jTum Out For Horseback Riding
Parvis Is Transferred To Mauckport Bridg Job
Tau Epsilon Phi social fraterni(;y announces the pledging of Stanley Steinbach and Sidney Nechin, both of New York City, N. Y.
Merl Parvis, C. E. '27, employed by the Indiana State Highway commission, has been transferred from Spencer to Corydon, where he will serve as an engiheer on the new bridge to be erected at Mauckport, 14 miles from Corydon, over the Ohio River. Parvis left Lafayette yesterday for his new location after spending a few days’ visit in this vicinity. Mauckport was one of the most hard hit of all the towns affected by the recent flood.
Horseback riding took a decided boom yesterday afternoon when 70 co-eds turned out for the first class of this kind on the campus. Classes will be conducted every afternoon, with lessons being given by William Schqltz, instructor of the West Lafayette Riding Academy, who will bring horses in from the academy. Schultz has had considerable experience in teaching people to ride and handling of horses. He spent seven years as instructor in Chicago, academies. Prior to that he was in the horse artillery during the World War and trained horses in Germany.
Sigma Pi Initiates Five
Sigma Pi fraternity announces the initiation of the following men; Frank Hershey, Jr., Schenectady, N. Y,; R. Lehmpn, Fort Wayne; E. S. O’Fallon, New Albany; H. C. Olsen, Pittsfield, Mass.; R. A. Tillspn, Northampton, Mass.
Gold Pepper Pledges Will Entertain Actives Sunday
Plan Recital For Music Room Sunday
A musical program featuring a string trio and piano has been arranged by Dr. Carl Lark^^Horovitz, head of the University physics department, for this Sunday’s recital in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Beethoven’s Serenade, Opus No. 8, will be played by the string trio as the first part of the program. The serenade starts with a march moves into a love song interrupted by a scherzo, continues with a minuet and polka and finally ends with a song. The remainder of the program will be devoted to the piano quartet which consists of a piano, violin, viola, and cello. Opus 47 by Schumaiih will be presented.
W. McAudrew Talk Wm End
Convocations
William McAndrew, nationally prominent educator, will close the University convocation program for the current academic year next Thursday night with a lecture on Life Among The Boneheads.” The talk will start at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. McAndrew is now serving as editor of the Education Review, School And Society, and his home is the Orienta in Mamaronek, N. Y. The 74-year-old educator has acted as editor of this magazine since 1928, when he resigned as superintendent of the Chicago schools to take this position. Phi Bets Kappa After receiving his A. B. degree from the University of Michigan, where he was a Phi Beta Kappa, McAndrew became a teacher and later principal of Hyde Park High School in Chicago. He was given a degree by State Normal College in his home town of Ypsilanti, Mich, in 1916. McAndrew has devoted his entire life to teaching and educatiom He organized Washington Irving High School in New York City at the beginning of the twentieth centory* and was principal of the schotd until 1914. Then he worked as associate superintendent of the New York City schools for 10 years before going to Chicago.
150 Attend Home Economics Dinner
Penny Carnival WiR Feature Bowery Dance
Purdue Sportswomen, co-ed honorary athletic sorority, is sponsoring a Bowery Dance, for which a negro orchestra will play, as the highlight of the Penny Carnival on next Saturday night. Campus sororities, W. A. A., P. I. A., and Sportswomen will erect booths in the Women’s Gymnasium for the various other attractions. The organization preparing the best booth will be awarded a prize. Fifteen co-eds are out for tumbling practices in preparation for the carnival. Forty girls are participating in the open baseball practices each afternoon before the regular games begin next week.
Co-ed Archery Begins
Co-ed archery practice, which began yesterday, will continue until April 14. The annual iptramural toumaiqnient will be held April 16. All entrants in this tourney must have attended at least three open practices before that time.
Prof. Kohl Win Address Camera Qub Tonight
Between 135 and 160 home economics women attended the annual banquet given by Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, Tuesday night in the home economics cafeteria. Barbara Gibl^, soi>homore co-ed, was presented with the Omicron Nu medal as the most outstanding home economics freshman of last year. Spring and summer fashions were shown and also described by Margaret Rush, ’36, of the Loeb and Hene Company. Piano selections were played by Katherine Myers and Evelyn Smith before and during the dinner. Lillian Murphy, who acted as the toastmistress, was general chairman of the banquet and Nina DeWitt acted as ticket chairman.
O’Keefe’s Monotypes On Display In Union
Art lovers will have a chance to see 33 monotypes, the works of Ida Gen Elyck O’Keefe, noted American artist, which will be on display the remainder of this week in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Han-sen, who is in charge, said that the exhibit will not be shown elsewhere in the state. Miss O’Keefe recently won the DeForest prize for still life in oil at the exhibit of the National Association of Women Painters and Sculptors. She stated that she derives great pleasure in creating this type of art because it is possible to express a certain mystery and charm.
Alva Baynes, CE *03, Dies After Operation In Omaha
Twenty pledges of Gold Peppers, senior co-ed activity honorary, will entertain the actives at breakfast, Sunday at 9 a. m., in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. The actives will be pi*esented with Gold Pepper paddles at this time. Entertainment will consist of songs and a stnnt by the pledges.
Camera Club members will hear Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, speaking on the subject, “Making A Negative For Enlarg mg,” at a meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:15. Officials of the club arranging the meeting request that membe3KS will please bring negatives and prints to the meeting for discussion and examination. The Camera Club now has complete portrait lighting equipment for the use of its members. The equipment has been set up in the club room.
Alva Baynes, C. E. '03, died recently, in an On^aha, Neb., hospital, following an operation. Baynes had been engaged in railroad work since his graduation from the University. First as roadmaster of the Norfolk and Western, then assistant of the Missouri Pacific, and since 1906 had been cost engineer for the Union Pacific.
Alpha Chi Rho
Alpha Chi Rho fraternity announces the election of the follovm ing officers: president, R, N. Lemon, Indianapolis; vice-president, W. C. Fateh, Crown Point; seeretmqr, M. A. Myers, Pendleton; treasqrw, H. F. Helhig, Boonton, N. Jf.; ritual officer, R. M. Sass«r, Chicago, IlLj house manager, f. T. Donqvan, Mk Vernon, H. J.; and pledge mentenr^ P. F. Worcester, W. Allis, Wfat,/
' M’--'
l*ftge1>wo
THE PURBUE EXPONENT'
' i . \ Thursday, April 8,1987
tihe ^urhue Exponent
Founded in 1863
rie.not« ^soriatgd gbH»0iatc ^rggg
^S034 HikMSOH
1935^ WISCONSIN
Kntered ss second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered ^ deified by carrier. $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Businees Phone 5038
OFFICE—812 North F^fth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris. L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF HlfnnBCFfneF E» MomS SffiEditors::.'.:;:.k7rBMnette7j. E; r H-«®r^«rk Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, Dj A. Bail^, J. A. Chaj^n. J.R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg, K- E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager „ •ow.TirTi National Advertising Manager - ^ aaa iaS::r=zz:::::=:::=z:rzzzzF: g'K^ s,.i.
..R. J. Hulse
Editor Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF t T^ j L. D. Wood ...7...'....7.w! H7Fifieid, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , „ , Jlelen Creech Jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabett Fyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—L. C. Farquhar
Contributions To Delinquency
WBAA
11:00-
Stewart,
TODAY
■Charlotte Friend
soprano.
11:16—Dorothy Holden, pianist. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeeping, L, G. Minier. 12:00—Give us a Song. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—John Brubaker, baritone. 12:45—“Food And Drug Legislation.” Dr. C. O. Lee. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto. 1:15—Better Expression, “Interpretative Reading,” Prof, P.
E. Lull.
1:80—Geography in the News. 1:46—Markets, weather reports. 2:00—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W.
Haskins.
-Edith Hines. Glenn Crosfe, guitar. ■Treasure Chest, by Robert
Horn.
■Evahn Leibenguth, pianist.
3:16—The Life of the American
Indian.
3:30—We Have Music, Larry Roark, tenor. 3:46—Education and Society. 4:00—Jane Anderson, pianist. 4:15—Answer Me This. 4:30—Twilight Musicals. 4:45—Radio Travel Review.
2:453:00-
Many yellow slips do not get at the real reasons for the delinquency of a student. No excuse at all is written on some of them, while “unknown” takes care of a number of others. Again, laziness and lack of effort are often cited as the causes behind poor showings in class, when in reality very few students are afflicted with sheer laziness. Insufficient preparation for college work causes many a student, especially freshmen, to worry over scholastic work. High schools with low requirements for graduation and with low educational standards supply the University with students who lack the requisites for courses met here. Athletes, too, are often permitted to slide through high school work with a minimum of studying and unless they can get by similarly here, they must do an about face. Illness is another major reason for delinquency—and quite often it is illness of which the instructor and perhaps the student are not aware. Bad tonsils, defective appendices, and other internal disorders are back of much of the “lack of interest” and “lazinefes’ given as excuses for poor scholarship. These ailments sometimes result in emergency operations, but they may never be brought to light. “Indifference,” “carelessness,” “does not apply himself,” and similar terms are frequently applied to students who do not fare well at the University, but who are here mainly because their father, uncle, or some good friend wanted them to come to Purdue. Perhaps these students would prefer to be in an art school or in a liberal arts college or in no college at all Lack of interest may cause overparticipation in activities; on ,the other hand, participation in athletics and other activities are often back of the indifference in school work. Poor attendance also figures prominently on yellow slips. Few students deliberately absent themselves from school just for the pleasure of cutting class, and this excuse can usually be traced to one or more other reasons for deficiency—illness, indifference, or an overload of outside work. Love affairs take their toll, although this excuse does not appear on yellow slips. Some students when questioned closely by Dean Fisher admit that “girl friend” worries caused them to get behind in class work. Men, it seems, are especially affected adversely by love; co-eds, on the contrary, are more often inspired to do better in school when smitten by Dan Cupid. Poor study environment, lack of ability and aptitude, and a multitude of “worries,” including finance, family troubles, and lesser troubles, too often greatly magnified, may also make the difference between an “A” student and one on the verge of failure. These yellow slips usually accomplish their purpose of spurring the student on to a little greater effort, and not a few persons overcome a slow start by more intensive work in the latter part of the semester merely because they were given a reminder at the proper time.—^R. P. M.
Sit-Stand-Strike? “You can’t sit here,” growled a group of irate dairy farmers in Hershey, Pennsylvania . . . and the “sit-down” strikers whose actions had paralyzed a chocolate candy factory ceased to sit. It was very simple. The farmers objected to seeing thousands of gallons of milk produced by their hard working but contented cows going to waste. They also hated to watch the nation’s “sweet tooth” develop a hungry ache. The cows became discontented and the farmers acted. They marched upon the strikers and after a brief scuffle the “sit-downers” arose and walked meekly from the factoiy to face a jeering crowd of spectators. Humorous news commentators have justified the farmers’ action on the point that a milk maid is the only worker permitted to “strike” while sitting. Others have pointed out that the farmers were taking advantage of the workers who were seated, as no one should strike a person who is sitting down. The farmers retaliated by saying that the workers shouldn’t have given the impression that they could fight by calling themselves “strikers.” Most Americans have frowned upon the “sit-down” strike movement which has monopolized the front pages of newspapers for the past few months. When public opinion crystalizes, action similar to that which occurred at Hershey is inevitable. However, it is regretable that mediation did not bring about a peaceable end to the strike. Physical violence in any degree has no place in a democracy. But the farmers cannot be blamed for their action. They believed in standing up and fighting for their rights, a principle finding more favor in this country that one where a person sits down to get what he wants.—A. H. F.
On the theory that students will talk more freely in class if they are better acquainted, psychology instructor Elwood Senderling, of Ohio State University, threw an ice-breaking” tea dance recently.
MAC is my stooge today—such a relief—so the whole column am yours, MAC . . . . When Alpha Chi JUANITA JULIAN was visiting at I. U. last wekend, she acquired a Phi Gam pin . . . . however, lovers quarrels and stuff caused her to bring it back in her purse . . . PI PHI PHILOSOPHY Men are rats Women are^^cats Children are brats Love is nothing Nothing is nothing Hell!
The United States Naval Academy’s annual water pageant in June will be carried out ip the theme of Commodor Perry’s historic visit to Japan in 1853.
KEYS Keya for tmnka, doer locka, 4ttk locki^ nijrht latches and padlocks. Aato keys and handle locks a apocialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL .Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Chi O DIXIE GIST, slept thru her Biology Lab the other day . . . she says it was chloroform but, well . and another thing, DIXIE, did you go to Cleveland to see the sights or to see Phi Delt JONES .. SPRING Spring, spring, spring The bird is on the wing Absurd, absurd, absurd The wing is on the bird. Speaking of spring. Pi Phi SUZIE SEXSON finally broke down . . . . for four years she has declared she would never fall for a Purdue Ed but love being no respecter of persons, she fell . . . the “lucky” boy is Kappa Sig, PLAPP, who is making her eat her words . . . they both seem to be enjoying it. .. AND ALL ON ONE BABY . . .
SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING Office SMloncry.. Il^eddlns InvKatioiM
PHONE ” Sale! Book*, Elc..., n»62 8 CASSEL’S dOSk-ERni
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Sports rhythms, the only course of its kind in the United States, is being offered at Louisiana State University. It is intended to teach football, tennis, swimming, basketball, and track candidates more perfect timing.
The power plant at the University of Chicago produces and deli'^ers over- a 1,000,000 pounds of steam daily to heat the university buildings, to supply hot water, and to sterilize instruments in Billings Hospital.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
FAMOUS STAGE PLAY Not a Picture Matinee and Night SAT., APRIL 10 The Noted American Star Taylor Holmes The Nation’s Epic of the Stage 4 Years on Broadway ^TOBACep ROAD SEATS NOWI Matinee 55c, 83c, $1.10, $1.65 Evening 83c, $1.10. $1.65, $2.20 Tax Included PHONE 7903 For .Reservations Box Office Open Daily From 11:30 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Meet the wife. Butch—she’ll show you that one-two punch she uses on me!”
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LU’THER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflBce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Family TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY Two First Run Hits
THE TRIANGLE fHAT STARTS IN BUSINESS AND ENDS IN HEART-BREAKl
HUSBANDS SECRETARY'
■' with .WARREN HULL ■ JEAN MUIR BeveflV Roberts
PLUS
'-‘I'M eUANINO UP UK COUNTRY IP I NMVK TO KILL EVSRT MD MAN WTWtWIsri”
HARVEY CLINE made a phone call to hia La La at Minnesota last night . .. it lasted 42 minutes and summed up to 14 Injun boys . . . lotta dough my fran ... by the way, will she be here for PROM, HARVEY?? . . .
Have you all noticed how “scent”sitive the Kappas have been since
they came back from vacation . . . it may be because their plumbing was out of order until yesterday . . . Are you^a college man? No, a horse stepped on my hat.
WHAT? ... NO DOIT? THEN NO MARS PASSES .
Big Double Feature
TODAY—FRI.~SAT.
Danger Stalked Her Steps in the Shadows of Shanghai! But the girl customs agent dared to match wits with the diamond smug-
CONSTANCE WORTH VINTON HAWORTH
First Lafayette Showing
If they were funnier we’re willing to betcha’ you’d have to be carried out on a stretcher! What laffs and what Songs! Just wait ’til they getcha’!
MMESI«.T0N*PATRICIA ELUf • HUGH HERBERT I ZASU PITTS'ALLEH, .JEHKmS^HATPBIDyOfiliJ —^AIso— , March of Time
TODAY Fri.—Sat.
—PLUS— Leon Navdra and his OrchestraW
Thursday^ April 8,19S7
THi #IIitllOB BSI^ONEN^
Beta Theta Pi Wins Class ‘B’ Net Grown
After trailing 10 to 4 at the halfi the Beta net squad came back to nose out the Delta Chi squad 19 to 17 in the class “B” inter-fraternity basketball, championship last night in the Memorial Gyin. The Beta victory came as the result of two long field goals by Krause and Shackleton, in the last minute and a half of the game. To start off the Delta Chi’s sank two quick goals before the Beta squad realized the game had actually started. Although the Beta Theta Pi team had possession of the ball the majority of the time during the first half, they could not hit their field goals and, as the Delta Chi’s were unusually hot—sinking about two-thirds of their attempts—the Delta Chi sguad got off to a lead of 10 to 4 at half time. Beta’s Start Clicking In the second half the Beta’s began clicking and came back with a rush. They whittled the Delta Chi lead down to within a few; points but never could forge ahead until a minute and a half before the final whistle. At this point Krause dropped in a goal from center of the court to tie the game up at 17 all. With only 40 seconds to go Shackleton flipped in a goal from the corner and the Delta Chi’s did not have time enough to come back. The Beta Theta Pi fraternity will receive a 15-inch trophy of two figures jumping for a tossed ball. This is the second consecutive win for the Beta’s and puts them: within a few points of the Phi Psi’s who lead in the participation point race.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT? STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
v:
CARTER for NeW Lawn Mowers Pennsylvania Quality
Trade in allowance on old mower. Free coupon with each lawhmower sharpening job. We Call for and Deliver Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
120 Answer Gall For Frosh Baseball
About 1|0 freshmen reported to the Armory yesterday afternoon in answer to Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan’s first call for freshman baseball candidates. This meeting Was taken up with a discussion of the different positions and also how practice will be conducted. However, actual practice will not be able to get underway until the diamond is put in condition, which is expected to take abddt a week yet.' Any other freshman caring to try out for the team should report to Coach Doan when the next call is issued and should not hold back because of the number already out.
Faculty Bowlers Defeat Catalysts
The chemical engineering faculty bowling team defeated the Catalyst Club team in a challenge match on the Union alleys by 67 points in a three^line handicap match. Mack led the faculty with a high score of 176 while Hunziker was high point man for the losers, tjarning in a 220 game. The score by games and final handicap scores were: Catalyst Club Hunziker ... !.... 209-155-220 Coddington 155-131-136 Black 113-114-115 Harris 190-155-151 Olsen 117-102'-109
Total handicap—90. Total 784-657-731 Faculty Moore 111-129-130 Mack 176-122-137 Lovell 114- 90- 92 Hoelscher 135-119-125 Miller 104-112- 93
640-572-577
Total
Total handicap—240. Handicap difference .... 150-150-150 Total ...,. 790-722-727 Eaculty;%ins by 67 pins.
ANNOUNCING... ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN TO-NIGHT
Advanced, 6:30 P. M. inf’ermediate, 9:00 P. M,
PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT IN Ballet . . . Tap Balirdom Dancing
Phone 2150
DOUBLE
FEATURE
Today—Friday—Saturday
HE HELD THE WORLD IN THE PALM OP HIS HAND
J^olandlfounq
A Pa.ramawnt Plcfur* with Gall Patrick * Ricardo Cortoz;. Akim Tomiroff* Jim* Mwttl rmi fnwii • ■ I. p. soNfliR* Pn4MiM
3 Stars By Liberty Magazine
Piirrfiie, Wisconsin Ledd In Practice
Football Training
At the end bf the half of the round robin tourney now being conducted in connection with spring football practice Wisconsin and Purdue are still leading Ohio State and'Northwestern. In this tourney the entire squad is, divided into four teams, each wearing different colored jerseys and playing under names of various Big Ten schools. Helped by a line composed of Capt. Schreyer, Humphrey, Grant, and Zacharay, Welch continued his scoring for the Black Purdue team, aiding them to retain their lead over the Green Northwestern team by a score of 12-6. Cecil Isbell and Krause scored touchdowns for the Red Wisconsin team to send them ahead of the Yellow Ohio State squad 27-7. The second half of the, tourney, which is to be played today and tomorrow, promises to offer, exciting games as the underdogs strive to overtake the Wisconsin and;Purdue squads.
'ielder’s.... ....choice By Bob WalpolewM.
These round-robin football contests will offer opportunities to no end . . . the coaches, seniors, who finished their playing days for Purdue last fall, will get their last taste of college ball while undergraduates ... the spectators, will have the opportunity of seeing next year’s stars in action . . . the players, will have a good time eating mud instead of spending all of their time blocking dummies . . . ■ ■ , .—fc-— ■ ■ Qualifying rounds for the 1937 varsity golf team will be run off this week-end .. 36 holes to see who will represent Purdue on the links this spring . . . the team will be bolstered by Captain Bob Smith and Carl Frees, veterans of last season’s squad .. . —^fc—Purdue’s baseball team has plenty of wim, wigor, and wytality . . . . although handicapped by the wet infield, the team shows that they
have the pep and material. . .
' —^fc— Remember the game with Wabash next week , . according to the schedule, Purdue opens the series with the Little Giants at Crawfordsville, with a return game the following afternoon on the Purdue diamond . • • —fc— Beginning next week we plan to have two stooges per week take this column for a little practice . . . but not until next week and tomorrow’s ed will be Bill Fifield, at your service .. .
PRACTICE BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 p. m. Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi. 2— Acacia vs. Delta Upsilon.; 3— Sigma Nu vs. Triangle. 4— Theta Xi vs. Theta Chi. 5r—Si^a Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Sigma 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Ward 11-x 8— Ward 2 vs. Ward 8. 9— Ward 16 vs. Ward 1. 10— ^Ward 4 vs.; Ward 15. 11— -Ward .17a vs. Ward 10.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
ARC
TODAY—PHIDAY-SATURDAY Tom Tyler
“Roamin’ Wild” .T-aji.d-rr '■ Gene Raymond and Ann Sothern
Girl in Town” ■Ais6“— Crash Corrigan
‘Undetsea Kingdom”
Diamondineii Open Season Tuesday Against Wabash
Purdlie’s baseball nine opens its regular schedule next Tuesday when the Boilermaker squad tackles the Wabash ^Little Giants at Crawfordsville. On the next day the squad will journey homo to play its second game of the season against Wabash. In the infield. Waling, Lucas, Dean, Thompson, and Breslin seem to have the edge in the race for positions. The hottest spot is at the keystone, where Lucas and Dean are battling for second base and Sines and Thompson are competing for the shortstop position. The outfield is a little more settled/With Nate Poulos, Pat Malaska and John Baker as the men to beat out in these positions. Behind the plate Art Bredewater and Dick Ainsley are providing veteran Krause with pltenty of opposition. The pitching staff is one of the best in years. The southern jaunt showed Coach Fehring that he had plenty of material among hi^ sophomores in Arnold Bredewater, Joe Doan, and Stuart Heiss. Veterans Rosser, Downey, Bartz, and Martin are getting back in shape and will give these sophs plenty of competition.
Three Vassar students saw the Spanish tinder box spark and burst into flame. Two escaped by plane to open ports, describe the tragic drama in by-lines, recalling the spectacular play, “Idiot’s Delight.”
Blind Bowlers Featured In ABC Tourney
BV J. Stillwell Brown
One of the features of the annual American Bowling Congress tournament in. New York City recently was a match between two teams composed of blind bowlers. Those who have ever bowled and know the trouble the average bowler with good eyesight has in making the ball go where he wants it will appreciate the difficulties involved in bowling by “seventh sense,” which was the method these blind pinsters seemed to use. The two teams, known as the Blues and the Reds, were composed of the Tegulation number of five men each. Of the ten men, four had little perception, but the rest of the men were totally blind. They ranged in age from 20 to 60, and in professions from newsboy to Braille instructor. Short Run Most of the pinsters took a short run before delivering the ball. Unable to see the foul line, it was a mystery that their games were not filled with fouls, but evidently their “seventh sense” came to their rescue, for there was only one foul called during entire three games.
Of course, they were not able to deliver their shots alone. Each one was escorted to the ball 'rack and to the spot from which he was to make his run. Also, after the first shot, they were advised as to the
Pagg Thre»
; Glenn (Pat) Holmes, sqecessftd mentor at the Oak Park, III., high school, who will discuss the use psychology in football in an' address on “Off The Field Coaching” before Saturdajr morning’s Sessimi of the sixth aipinual Purdue Football Clinic.
spot number of the pins left standing. , Many Strikes The blind pinmen made a surprising number of strikes and spares. The Blues accumulated 19 strikes and 30 spares, while the Reds made 11 strikes and 22 spares. In the total scoring, the Blues came out on top, 1,743 to 1,311. The high scorer of the contest, a Blue, bowled a 196 game to gain a threegame total of 472. This contest, besides providing a novelty and entertainment for the spectators, is another glittering example of athletic handicaps that are being surmounted by the blind and other physically afflicted persons.
NOW YOU CAN HAVE INDIRECT UGHTING IN ANY ROOM .... . AT LOW COST
with this Sensational, New
MOR-LIGHT
A few quick turns of the wrist . • . ^and you can have modem itufirect lighting in place of your old-fashioned fixtures. The Mor-Light Adaptor can he quickly installed without alterations. With a Mor-Light Adaptor in use, the light is reflected upward to the criling, eKminating glare and shadows just like the most expensive indhedt fighting matallations. Yet this aun* plej tiew Adaptor costs only ^2.25, complete with a new lamp^ At such a low price, you can afford to put one on every htu» lamp in khe housa^ and replace did) out-of-date fixtures. Siee ffic Mor-Light Adaploas «t mar showroom..
Cotfiplete with Mazda Lamp • • . . SSc JPdwii—25c
« ' I'i
SCREW INTO SOCKET JUST LIKE MAZDA LAMP
UM«r«w and ramov* praimt lanp.
SoMwin
MOR-UGHT
“lAirtOR
ADJL .
andhunik
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
V1%
V3
M l
p&>fe Four
it. "v? ^ Si
^ ^ - fas paftaufi aifoNaNt
#w "^x
f 1
1 R'"’' iifA» lif}* « V
%.
Children Of ^Tobacco Road^ Star Also In Theatre Field
Childien of gieat stage families usually follow in the footsteps of then paients Ethel Baiiymoie’s thiee children, Ethel Barrymoie Colt, Sam and Jack, aie all in the theatre Then young cousin. Jack Deveieaux, giandson of John Drew, IS just staiting a stage career Ed Wynn’s son Keenan, is an actor And Tyione Powei Ji , in the films iv winning similai fame to that of In'- fathei who was Tyione Powei the Shakespeaiean stai Ta\loi Holmes who is coming to the Mais theatie on Satuiday foi two peifoiniances of “Tobacco Road has had the pleasuie this veai of seeing all thiee of his children established in the amusement field His eldei son, Phillips, has been a featuied player in talking pictures foi seveial years and recently leturned fiom making a film in England His daughter, Madeline IS playing with Tallulah Bankhead in “Reflected Gloiy” and his youngei son, Ralph, is in the Broadway hit comedy “You Can’t Take It With You ” The three young playeis mheiit then diamatic tal ent fi om both parents as their moth ei Edna Phillips was a noted lead mg woman befoie hei mariiage and retnement fiom the stage The management of the Mais desiies to emphasize the fact that this IS the only company piesentmg “Tobacco Road” on tour and that it comes to Lafayette fiom engagements in Philadelphia, St Louis, Baltimoie, Pittsburgh, Washington, D C , Cincinnati and Cleveland
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MARINES, bought, sold, rented and epaiied Supplies for all machines ' F Ebershoff, 606 Mam street f’hone 2779
Good Metal Typewriter Stand— L C Smith typewriter ( a good, up to date one) Tuiaedo suits Back numbei magazines, Ic to 5c each Books, lots of them Moore’s Colonial Maiket, 220 North Fifth street
For Sale—Hailequin Great Dane Ideal pet toi fraternity Reasonably pi iced Call 2852, Mi Heimlich for particulais
Influenced by low cost housing piopaganda, diamatic presentation of the tiailei boom in March of Time’s filmed lelease, students at the University of North Carolina end Missouii’s Northeast Teacheis have built wheeled 16 by 8 dormi tones, pioudly point to increased utility and privacy
It IS becoming increasingly difficult to maintain the high standards of the University of Illinois band, says Director A A Harding, because other schools are enticing prospective musicians with schol arships
At Haivaid’s teicentenary a century slipped by as the college flag, sealed at the close of the two bund r edth anniversary, was raised, broke out in the fresh 1936 breeze
Reports of NYA projects from Wabash College feature the whitewashing of the gym The white washing is admittedly non political
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any part of the city SQ23 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Millinery
FLOWERS HOSIERY HANKIES LINGERIE CARDS
EATON SISTERS 529 Main St.
You Can’t Get Mileage
From An Empty Gas Tank
And you can't get long, satisfactory service OUT of a suit
if it isn't put IN there’ Quality not only PAYS, in buying clothes, but It pays out of all proportion to the small ADDITIONAL amount it costs. You can buy cheaper clothes than Geisler's but you can't buy more complete satisfaction at any price. $19 50 upward.
GEISLER’S
NOTICES
No noUcM acc4trt«d after • p. m.
Agricultural Engineering Conditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in A E 22 for surveying will be held In room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 0 clock April 10 Applications must be made in same building before spring recess —SPENCER
Your Winter Garments
Physics lb—A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p m in room 2 of the Physics Building —SHERMAN
Interfraternity Presidents Council—Meet mg April 8 at the Phi Kappa house —KETTLE
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved April 8 fiom 6 46 to 10 30 p m —STUCKY
W A A Bowling—The following games will be played April 8 Chi Omega vs Pi Beta Phi at 6 46 p m and Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Alpha Chi Oihega at 8 30 p m —BOEHM
W A A Council—‘Meeting April 8 in W A A office at 7 15 p m All old mfembeis are invited —MERRITT
Purdue Student Alliance—Meeting April 8 at 7 30 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building —BUCKLES
Farm Management Conditions—Examina tions for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p m —MAUCH
Hoof and Horn Club—Meeting in room 1 of Memorial Union Building at 7 30 p m April 8 —CLARY
Mixed Recreation—Co-educational swim ming April 9 from 7 30 9 00 instead of CO educational recreation in the Memorial Gymnasium - SCHWEHN
Co ed Swimming—Triton Swimming Club and W A A swimming meet at 7 30 p m April 8 Open swi mat 8 30 —TUBBS
W A A Baseball—Practice at 4 p m April 8 Report at gym before going to field Two practices required for partici pation in intra mural games —TOWNSEND
Camera Club—Meeting at 7 15 p m on April 8 in room B of the Memorial Union Building Bring negatives and prints for discussion Dr E J Kohl will speak CLAYPOLE
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Memorial Union worl^ shop at 4 p m April 8 —CLAYPOLE
Skull and Crescent—Keys and pledge ac tivities will be discussed at meeting at 7 p m April 8 Very important —FENSTERMAKER
Gold Pepper Actives—Very important meeting at 5 p m April 8 in W S G A office —SCUDDER
Kappa Delta Pi—Important meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p m April 8 —CHANCELLOR
W A A Archery—Open practice started April '' and will last until April 14 All girls must have thiee practices to partici pate in intra mural tournament April 16 —WARD
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet April 9 in room
Before You Put Away
Have Them Crown Cleaned and Mothprdofed We moth-proof all garments by MONITE moth-proof processno extra charge for this service
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
F of the Memorial Union Building at 7 lo p m A F Futoohee will speak —CLEVINGER
W A A Golf—Important meeting April 8 at 4 p. m. —WILEY
YWCA Cabinet—Important meet mg m the YWCA office at 7 p m April 8 —JONES
Music Room Committee—Meet April 8 at 4 p m in the music room —WEIGANDT PERKINS PUTZE
Union Committees—Our committees will meet April 8 in the ballroom of the Me morial Union Building —SHEETS PUTZE
All Available Union Workers—Meet the, ballroom April 8 at 8 p m —SHEETS PUTZE
Tnton Club—All girls wishing to pass requirements for club membership must do so April 8 in order to vote in the spring election Swimming from 7 30 to 8 30 p m —LONG
Sliver Masks—^Meeting April 8 in the fencing room at 4 p m —ANTUeSHKO
Omicron Nu—Business meeting April 8 at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building room 108 —TYLER
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges—Bring unpainted Carnot boards to Pi Kappa Phi house April 8 in the morning if possible —SADLER
Sportswomen—Meeting at 4 p m April 8 —WALKER
Inter Denominational Services — Vesper services will be held April 8 at 4 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building Miss Clare Coohdge assistant dean of women will be the speaker McEACHRON
Festival Day Dance—Following girls meet in Women s Gymnasium April 8 at 4 p m Pendergrass Gibbs MacDermid Whitney Foresman Gift Sequartz Billings and Beck —PRENTICE
Please Preserve The Grass
To the Students of the University:
The steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to run across the grass areas of the campus is observed today with considerable regret. Some students appear janmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please* signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which have recently been planted. To protect the University against the losses of money, time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instruct^ to apprehend those who insist upon walking across the Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Executive Building, and the circle in front of the building. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those c imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Bascomb is never sure how he's going to land."
SOLE DISTRIBUTOR for
PALM BEACH m West Lafayette
SOUTHWORTH'S
DornePs Flower Shop Quality iblowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
This hpat doesrvt See’tn to hurt
Hank ^ ■
^Cours© not -- Palm Beaclj is as Cool as no clothes
AS FREE AND COOL AS YOUR BIRTHDAY SUIT
0 Get into a Palm Beach suit or Palm Beach slacks for sportswear this summer and you’ll feel a nudelike freedom you hqyen't felt since the day you were born.
PALM BEACH
clothes ore ideal for sport, because their patented fabric holds its shape and doesn't go sloppy on you in a few hours.
• Even studying becomes a sport if you'll go to it in one of the new copf Palm Beach darker-toned mixtures. They’re tailored by Goodall, makers of the famous cloth, and they’re a Grade-A investment for everyday town-and-campus wear. Don't wait 'til college is over. Get yours now, while selections are fresh.
‘16-
75
SLACKS H and *6.50
GOODALL COMPANY • CINONNATI