This Newspaper Ib PubGdied Eadi Moraing But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
mUBSDilY October 13» 1938 Lofayeffe, btdkma Vol. 50 No. 26
Squad Leaves Today For Fordham Game
Artie Shaw, Number Four Swing Band, Training Course Will Welcome Homecomers At Mixer wm Begin Today
^ Artie Shaw and his swing orchestra have been engaged to play for the Homecoming Mixer Friday, October 21, in the Union ballroom from 9 till 12. In a nation-wide poll taken last summer, Shaw was selected as having the fourth best swing orches- < tra in the country. He was chosen after Benny Goodman, TomI. I ii— my Dorsey, and Bob'Crosby.
Co-eds Eled Three Representatives At WSGA Mass Meeting
Helen Rich%, Martha Upshur, and Janice Yeoman were elected freshman representatives to the WSGA Executive Board in a very close contest at the WSGA mass meeting yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union.
Because two of the co-eds were tied for one of the positions and the freshman class is so large,, the WSGA board voted to accept three representatives instead of two as was announced.
“You will have to pick a certain career and concentrate on it if you want to succeed,” advised Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, economics, and government department, speaking to the meeting preceding the election.
“Don’t worry about that thing called apple polishing,” he said. “It isn’t apple polishing that is the menace to education, but its adverse reaction on the other students. Be honest with your teacher, but get acquainted with him.”
He advised every girl to keep a record of all the money that comes to her and her expenditures. Prof. Phillips believes that one should be wary about lending possessions; in this age of irresponsibility, people are too busy to remember to return things.
Late News Bulletin
HANKOW, China—Informed Chinese tonight expressed belief that Japan’s invasion of South China was a sequel to the peace parley of Munich, which was said to have convinced Japanese leaders that Great Britain, despite her vital interests in the territory to be invaded, would not fight if war could be avoided.
TOKYO—The Japanese government today urged all foreign powers, including the United States to “refrain from any action calculated to give misgiving to the Japanese forces.”
Shaw is now playing at Chase Hotel in St. Louis, Mo., and will close his stay there a week from today. He is scheduled to open at Lincoln Hotel in New York for a three-week stay on October 26.
Advance Ticket Sale Because Shaw has such a popular band, there will be an advanced ticket sale starting at 4 o’clock tomorrow in the main lobby of the Union. There will be no limitation put on the number of tickets sold.
Tickets will be sold in advance to give Union executives an estimate of the crowd so they will know whether or not to put a public address system in the cafteria.
400 Tickets In Parent
Section On Sale Today
Over 400 football tickets to the parents’ section at the Indiana game will go on sale at a special desk in the Union lobby at 4:00 p. m. today. Tickets will sell for the regular price of $3.00.
Tickets will be sold on the “first come first served basis.” No partiality will be shown and no tickets will be reserved.
Students will not be able to transfer their seats to the parents’ section. This IS being done to give more parents a chance to sit in the reserved section. Each student will be limited to two tickets.
Graves, Wife To Play
Piano Duet Sunday
Playing separate pianos. Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Graves will furnish the program for the third Sunday afternoon musicale in the Union music room Sunday at 4 o’clock. The duo has played several times on former music room programs, and at other University functions. Dr. Graves is a member of the mathematics staff.
Both Dr. and Mrs. Giaves have studied under Margaret Cerke, New York piano teacher. They followed up this instiuction by lessons from W. B. Matthews, Henry Haishey, and Lola Gaston.
The program will include both modern and classical music. The complete program will be published Sunday morning in the Exponent.
KOMAROM, Hungary — Adolf Hitler’s mediation was reported invoked tonight to untangle deadlocked Czechoslovakian-Hungarian border negotiations while troops were massed tensely on either side of the frontier. The two nations were widely apart and seemed unable to make any headway towards peace.
Marjorie Moore Eleded Treasurer Of Triton Ciub
Marjorie Moore was elected Triton treasurer at the first meeting of the year Tuesday night. She will replace Jane Cook who did not return to school this fall.
HOUSTON, Tex.—In a brief hot session, rank and file delegates of the American Federation of Labor convention today sidetracked a report of their powerful resolutions committee which declared that under the present administration America was drifting into socialism.
BROOKLYN, N. Y.—Leo “Lippy” Durocher, fiery little shortstop of the Biooklyn National League baseball team today was named manager of the team to succeed Burleigh Grimes. Under the terms of his contract, Durocher was to have the say as to assisting coaches. He failed to keep Babe Ruth on as coach for next year, saying he was undecided who to get to assist hitti.
University Art Club Will
Meet Tonight In Room F
Exponent Editor-in-Chief H. I. Stanback and City Editor D. A. Bailey will tee off the Exponent freshman training course at 7:15 p. m. in the tower room of the Union iSuilding today.
The course is planned to run two weeks with two meetings a week. It is very important that all freshmen who wish to become members of the staif to attend this meeting. Duties of the various staffs will be discussed at this time.
DuPont Interviews
Seniors Today For Future Employment
Today and tomorrow George R. Beach and George S. Long, representatives of the du Pont de Nemours Company, will be on the campus to interview seniors. The first in a series of employment lectures will be held in room 129 of the EE Building at 4 p. m. today.
Long and Beach will interview mechanicals, chemicals, and science chemicals in connection with production, research, development, and sales.
The inteiwiewers stressed the fact that doctor’s degrees are necessary for research work; devolpment work is open to chemical majors with master’s degrees only. All other jobs are for graduates.
Applications Indicate
Large Poultry Class
Applications to date indicate that the University Poultry Short Course to be held October 17 to 29, will be one of the largest held during the last several years, according to T. E. Schnetzlery of the poultry department. Faimeis, hatcherymen, and poultry men of Indiana and other states have become keenly interested in the up-to-date information to be present on the important phases of poultiy production.
The poultiy depaitment has obtained the services of W. B. Wernei, of Pulaski county, a poultry breeder and supervisor of the National Poultry Plan in the state, to assist the regular staff in teaching the courses.
Nolan To Play For Mixer Swing Session Saturday
The club will participate in the water carnival again this year. Miss Marion Russell, of the PEW staff, brought back many novel ideas from her visit to Northwestern University on synchronized, shadow, and formation swimming to use in this year’s aquacade.
The University Art Club will hold its fiist meeting for the year in Union room P today at 7:30 p. m. The meeting’s purpose is to outline a program for the year for both work and exhibits. The session will be open to anyone.
Tonight at 5:30 Mai Elward, head Boilermaker football mentor, win be interviewed over the National Broadcasting System on a coast-to-coast hooknp. The broadcast will originate in New York City, Mai having preceded the squad east.
Alpha Chi Rho...
. . . fraternity announces the pledging of R. E. Hall, Indianapolis.
Student Forum Will Discuss Compulsory Class Attendance Tonight In Union Lounge
Should Purdue students attend classes because they must, or should they attend only if they please? How many cuts are too many ? Should a student be expected to make his Saturday morning classes after a “heavy date” on Friday night ? These questions with all of their —
Jack Nolan and his orchestra will play their first Union mixer engagement Saturday night from 9 to 12 in the ballroom. Nolan has played many engagements around East Chicago and northern Indiana.
At 7:15 Nolan will give out in a swing session, entering the current battle of swing taking place on the campus among the various bands.
practical ramification will be discussed tonight as the newly organized student forum tackles the subject, “Class Attendance — Optional or Compulsory?” in the faculty lounge at 7:30. R. A. Buckles, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will be the chairman. Four To Speak Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women; Mary Wien, senior co-ed debater; Prof. R. W. Babcock, University editor; and C. G. Elliott, president of the student senate, will lead the discussion. Remarks will be brief and extemporaneous, with frequent interruptions from the floor.
Johnson,..
The opening remarks will serve as a springboard from which to launch the discussion proper, in which the audience will take active part. With modifications, the University of Chicago radio forum style will be employed.
At present, the class attendance rule is a matter of considerable doubt and is largely subject to interpretation by the individual instructors. Though nothing official IS expected to come from tonight’s discussion, representative expression of student and faculty opinion is expected.
The discussion will be brought to an early close. At the first forum, two weeks ago, 500 students and townspeople discussed the crisis in Europe.
WAA Offers Hew
Course In Camping
Camp craft, a new course featuring essential camping techniques is being offered this semester by the Women’s Athletic Association. Miss Ray Fraser is in charge of the class, which will meet every Monday at 4 o’clock in the Memoiial Gymnasium.
The course includes outdoor cooking, shelter, fiie-making, and first aid. All subjects will be discussed in lectures and will be practiced in field work.
This class is open to both men and women students and to staff members. No fees are required for this non-credit course, which will continue for eight weeks.
Reamers To Raise
Mai Elward Will Speak Over Nation-wide Hookup
IM Fund By Movie
Verplank...
Ippolito...
...and Krause
“Romance of the Limberlost,” which will be show nat the New Mam Theatre October 24-26, is being sponsored by the Reamer Club, athletic activity honorary, to raise funds for the intramural department. The story, written by Gene Strattoix Porter, will have Eric Linden, Marjorie Main, and Jean Parker in he lead roles.
Reamer Club is selling these tickets to help defray intramux'al equipment expenses. Tickets may be purchased for 26 cents from any Reamer member or Deac’s, Southworth’s, Deckers, and the Union desk.
^We DonH Expect To Lose Anymore Games ’—Hump
Purdue’s football team leaves this afternoon at 1:30 from the Wabash railroad station for New York, where they meet the undefeated Fordham Rams Saturday. Fordham is a 7-5 favorite to win, but the Boilermakers are not discouraged as Minnesota was a 5-1 favorite.
“After last Saturday’s game we don’t expect to lose any more games. We all like to win and that’s what we are going to do.” That’s the way Cocaptain Paul Humphrey summed up the Fordham game last night.
No Pep Session Because of classes, there will be no prepared pep session this afternoon. Students not having classes should see the team off at the Wabash station, 309 Erie street.
Coach Mai Elward plans to start the same lineup which held the Gophers scoreless for 44 minutes with the exception of right tackle Dick Johnson. Leonard Diehl will replace Johnson. Byelene and Tykocki, the promising sophomore backs, will see plenty of action.
Game Broadcasts
The Purdue-Fordham game will be broadcast over station WO WO, starting at 12:30 p. m. Saturday. WBAA will give a telegr^hic report of the contest starting at 2 p. m.
Co-captain Joe Mihal is very optimistic about the Fordham game. “Last year the Fordham team acted a trifle dirty. This year if they so much as raise a hand, we’ll run them clear out of the Polo Grounds. Last Saturday at Minnesota the team proved to itself that it is a team and in my honest opinion nothing should stop the boys.
“Everyone is in good physical condition and will be striving to secure the rubber game. Lou Brock has a little score to settle with the Fordham team, and will probably play All-American ball. Brown will also help in the scoring department with his speed, and if Fordham is not careful it will I’eceive a very crushing defeat.”
The Boilermakers will go a short workout tomorrow afternoon at the Westchester Country Club, where they will be housed prior to the game. The team will probably return to Lafayette Monday.
Non-Members May Attend PIA Dances
From now on non-PIA memwill be admitted to tea dances for 10 cents, according to an announcement by PIA President Bill Feldman last night. The next tea dance yvill be Saturday when recordings will furnish the music.
PIA officials invite all co-eds to attend the affair. Stags must be PIA members and will be admitted only if they have signed up at the organization’s office. Only 25 stags will be admitted.
Johnson, Verplank, Ippolito, and Krausd, who are expected to star for Purdue against Fordham’s Rams Saturday afternoon.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generalljr cloudy with showers and cooler today. Tomorrow generally fair and warmer.^diJtofdai
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
J»stajtwutA
Thursday. October 13, 1938
Three Hundred Girls... . . . in formal dress, a hurricane of hysterical cries, clinging groups of sisters or sisters-to-be,—such was the scene at the Union Building on the long awaited Sorority preference night last Thursday. But what of the other co-eds who started the week as members of this gay group of rushees and sorority girls? What of those girls who received no coveted bids and quietly faded from this colorful pageant? What of their shattered plans and unfullfilled dreams ? And who knows how many other rushees accepted second or even third choices and are trying to adjust themselves to this less-pref-erable group? The success of the deferred rush plan as it works on this campus remains a very debatable question. Such a plan is now used at very few other midwestern colleges and universities. The artificiality and awkwardness of the system is quite evident to all co-eds acquainted with it. Nevertheless, it is the plan under which the rush period just passed was conducted, and it is the duty of the girls concerned to try to avoid some of the customary consequences. The fact that you were not pledged to a sorority does not mean your college career has ended almost at its beginning. Sororities at Purdue are not essential items in either scholastic or social success on the campus. To many girls they are a definite asset, to some they lend a helping hand, and for a few they form the nucleus of campus life. Separation of University co-eds into various houses is no just cause for each group to erect a wall of snobbery and aloofness around itself. Neither the former rushees nor the organized women can expect the same friendliness to exist now as was present before rush week. Much can be done, however, to ease the tension and help in this adjustment period if the girls will think twice before dismissing the acquaintances made at last week’s parties. Personal friendship should be strong enough to overcome barriers erected by Greek letters and a hectic series of events known as
the Purdue Exponent
, RBPRB8ENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTOH ■ LOS ANGILCS • SAH FRANCISCO Entered as second clqss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Slimmer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Manairing Editor - L. S. Hardin City Editor...„..,_ D. A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. H Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant BuMness Manager. H. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager —.£. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sides Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevln Accounts Manager .W. E. Smitit Art Director. D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF SaUy McKee . _ Joy Johnson, Georgann St^Uling, Bet^ Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Editor. Associate Editors.
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Untversiiy. AR opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student (pinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offoial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—McKee Thursday, October 13, 1938
rush week. The time to test the power of friendship is under the present circumstances. —G. S.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard “Vacation from Love” with Dennis O’Keefe and Florence Rice will open at the Lafayette today and continue to be shown until Sunday. As a young married couple, the pair find a solution to their domestic difficulties through an annual vacation from love. “Personal Secretary” featuring William Gargan and Joy Hodges will be screened at the Mars today and tomorrow. Joy, is a newspaper columnist engaged in a feud with William Gargan in this murder-mystery-comedy plot, Andy Devine has a comedy role. “Folies de Paree” will come to the stage of the Mars in a one-day booking Saturday. On the screen a romantic comedy, “Road to Reno,” will star Randolph Scott and Glenda Farrell. Jane Withers, voted one of the six most popular stars, may be seen
m TODAY-
FRI.-SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Fist Swinging Action . . . Lead Slinging Thrills . . .
' 7L3 MESQUrrEERS tODfO — Plus THE SCREEN’S NEWEST THRILL-HUNTERSI Timeout
GLORIA STUART MICHAEL WHALEN CHICK CHANDLER — Admission - Mjtinee 20c Nights 20c-25c Children lOe Night PricM Pisvail on Sundayi and HMMayi
at the New Main today through Saturday in “Checkers,” a horseracing story. Jane is at her matchmaking best when she tries to bring to a climax the seven-year courtship of her uncle, Stu Erwin, and Una Merkel. “The Black Doll,” a Crime Club thriller with Nan Grey, Donald Woods, and Edgar Kennedy, will furnish the other half of the double feature. A bloodstained cord with three empty shells is the sinister warning in “The Red Rope,” a western thriller featuring Bob Steele and Lois January, to be shown at the Luna today through Saturday. “Time Out For Murder” with Gloria Stuart and Michael Whalen will complete the double-feature showing. “Quick Money,” a comedy with popular Fred Stone and Dorothy Moore, shares the double feature bill at the Arc through Saturday with “Rootin’-Tootin’ Rhythm,” a western starring Gene Autry, the singing cowboy.
MliM
STARTS TODAY Double Feature
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY . 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling caiid to a High School Annual
ARC
TODAY
FRI.
SAT.
JdllES iPOiiOTHY MaCiRE BERTCIN iCHURCHI&L IRKO-RADIO PICTURE
—AND—
— Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
A GRAM! mmm stgry that , GIVES YOU JANE AT HER VERYf very lESTl
—PLUS—
Alto Merrie Melodie Cartoon
Note to Coeds:
is ^adL
lonaDie
For that first formal, you’ll want one of our exacting new gowns.
415 Main
Phone 5900
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehly
WHAT IS THE REASON for everyone’s leaving for home this week-end. Is it that the girls are too close to spend the dough and the boys afraid to face the facts, or does dear old Purdue take on a repulsive atmosphere around Gold Diggers time?
IT IS REQUESTED that the girls show a little more dignity while sitting on the steps in front of Stanley Coulter Hall. It seems that the eds are beginning to show up late to too many of their classes.
CHUCK SOPCACK, SAE pledge, has requested that we enter his name into this column, in order that he may let it be known that he is in the market for a blonde, about five two. We don’t mind placing this little item in, but CHUCK forgot to give up his qualifications, so if any of you gals get roped in, don’t say we didn’t warn you.
T imagine you’d be one of the first to be called in case of war.”
THEm MieiiMGE VOW HEAD: “LOVE, HONOR, OIEY... but always have fun !'
|^Fi¥£Tf£ today - FRI. . SAT,
TODAY - FRI.
COMING SATURDAY ONE DAY ONLY
scReen
It's Yippee vs. Whoopee! . . . When Grass Widows from the East meet Prairie Cowboys from the West at a Dude Ranch. RANDOLPH SCOTT
— Plus — These New Low Stage Show Prices 11:30 A. M. fo 1:00 P. M. All Seats 25c 1:00 P. M. to 2:00 P. M. All Seats 30c 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING—Balcony 30c; Main Floor 40c — CHILDREN 15c ALL DAY—V"'
Thuraday. October 13, 1938
THE PURDUE
S^20ijtA>
EXPONENT
Yonr name Inscribed on each free if de> sired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols A Co., Kockmart, Georgia.
a case of 82®—
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll 84.60.
TYPEWRITERS—All nuakes, standard and portable, sold, pnrchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machinee as low as $20.76. Snpplies. C. F. Ebeishoff, 605 Main street. CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bnlletins a specialty. Yon furnish the copy—we set the type and fnrnish you galley proofs. Yon make up the dummy—^we print and yon are ready to mail Phone 7828. Lirfayette Printing Co.
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 18^x18% only $8.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Intramural Notices
Purdue Loses Cross Country Meet 36-19
WANTED—^Your laundry. Phone 36614.
FOR SALE—1985 Studebaker coupe Commander. Low mileage. In A-1 condition. Phone 861B4. '
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $8.00.
FOR SALE—1928 Chrysler $80. Mr. Tossing, Education Building.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
EHHGT COPIES OF EKPEOSiUE OmOilliiiS Gorgeous styles.. .Values that are unmatchable anywhere! With "Dutch Boy", high or cuban heels. Get yours tomorrow!
ALL SIZES
HOSIERY—Clear and Perfect 59c, 2 pr. $1.15
BAGS—Copies of Expensive Styles..^.—$1.00-$ 1.95
332 Main Street
Lafayette
SOFTBALL Diamond 1— H-1 vs. A-1. 2— B-1 vs. C-1. 8—D-l vs. E-1. 4—F-1 vs. S-1. , 6—H-2 vs. A-2. I 6— B-2 vs. C-2. . 7— D-2 vs. E-2. 8— F-2 vs. S-2. 9— H-3 vs. A-8. 10— B-8 vs. C-3. 11— D-8 vs. E-3. 12— F-3 vs. S-3. 13— H-4 vs. A-4. 14— B-4 vs. C-4. 16—D-4 vs. E-4. 16— F-4 vs. S-4. 17- —^Delta Chi vs. tblgma «Jhi or Kappa Sigma).
f Iclder’f.... * ....choid*
18-
-(Phi Delta Theta or Phi Kappa Tau) vs. (Acacia or Beta Theta Pi).
vs. Sigma Alpha
19— Phi Sigma Kappa Epsilon. 20— (Phi Kappa Sigma or Alpha Gamma Rho) vs. (Theta Chi or Phi Kappa.)
By Bruce Witwer Last Saturday evening a sport’s announcer indicated the opinion of the general public about the Minnesota game by saying . . . “Purdue surprised football experts today . . they held the Minnesota squad to a 7-0 victory, and the Gophers were hard-pressed to get that single score.”
We Have PENN IT INK -inall SIZES AND COLOR
H. G. “Deac” REISNER Phone 3852 124 State, W. L.
The game brought out the fact that the Boilermakers have improved defensively over past years . . . even though the Gophers outgained Purdue by a near 4-1 ratio, they could break through the Purdue defense for yards that meant a six on the scoreboard but once. —fc— The Ohio State team . . . rated powerful and dangerous in pre-sea-son prophesies, has been slipping lately in almost everyone’s estimation ... its defeat by Southern California continued the degradation . . . poor generalship on the field led the way to defeat. —^fc— It should make Mai Elward feel more secure to know that one of the season’s supposedly tough assignments isn’t so tough as was forecast . . . Indiana didn’s display any too much form either in taking its 12-2 defeat from Illiniois . . . Fordham continued its winning way by rolling up a 53-0 score over little Waynesburg . . . another powerhouse to be reckoned with this week end. —^fc— Indiana’s defeat, by the way, is just in keeping with one of the longest records in sport’s history . . . our Oaken Bucket rivals haven’t
Led by Art Trutt, Indiana University’s cross country harriers defeated the Purdue cross country team, 36-19. Trutt, stellar Indiana performer, led the entire pack to the tape, finishing far ahead of the field. Following Trutt to the finish was Art Bodeau, the only Purdue man to place in the points. Third, fourth fifth, and sixth places were captured by Hoosier runners. Knapp, Reeves, Fatout, and Gaulke finished seventh, eighth, and ninth, with Fatout and Gaulke having tied for the ninth place. Tryouts For,,, . . . Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium today at 4 p. m. M. A. Keller will be in charge of the workout.
won a game at Illinois for 39 years . . . they managed to win the first game ever played between the two institutions, way back in 1889, and they haven’t won another yet . . . more luck next time.
{UESTION: Wliy Do You Like Penit? WHERE ASKED: Almost Any Camp$is ANSWEMS:
OLIVES PUUDIT, Phi Bah:
pmTsmiHowm HUIPITY EmBLB m TO EXPRESS m MOST TUemVE REFLECnOMS WITH UTTER ABAmOH
FL0RA VAN mm, Ati Major: PENIT HAS SUCH A BEE-yEW-TIFUL BLUISH OREEN mOR ANP! ADORE JNEBoniE PESmJj
«I0£ PLUfiSEa Triph ThnalMam OaSTiSUflS %mmXChemJroh
^CANY mKAeAlNST \PENIT. ifS TROUBlE'i PROOF, PASS ME PENIT FOR AN EASY mirm twchpown,
«|y^N£ JiTTISSeS. SmnqaJBich PENfTISRimiN THE&RmEmEN irmEsmsmiNo ArmpmroFAPEN
(M/AmiysEsmm \FENITFREE FROM \ PEN'ClO&m& iiNOREPiim.iris {CAWBRAPHICAUy PERFEa
That makes it just about unanimous! Try Penit. You’ll like it! 2 oz. bottle, 15c; 4 oz. bottle with chamois penwiper, 25c. At your college supply store.
"penitFon^su^ ITWASACmCH X^SjFORTHiyANKSL
SANFORD'S
®!Hl
EARLY BUYER'S SPECIAL 1 0 % 0 F F ON ALL ORDERS for Personal Xmas Greetings ORDERED BEFORE NOVEMBER 15th 12 Sample Books to Select From Hundreds of Cards — Order Now! DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographer^ from Dexheimer-CarEon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Thursday, October 13 8.00—Mahns, M. W. 8 05—Marion, R. P. 8:1 0—Newman, ). E. 8:15—Mitchell, j. D. 8:20—Monger, D. E, 8:25—Schnebin, R. N. 8:30—Shiveman, H. C. 8:35—Sieber, H. J. 8.40—Silance, L. 9:45—SilVa, F. W. 8:50—Smith, W. H. 8:55—McNeill, L F. 9:00—Shiff, M. J. 9:05—Mansfield, R. L. 9:10—Peth, R. B. 9:15—Pfister, P. E. 9:20—Powers, C. H. 9:25—Pratt, J. R. 9:30—Rosenberg, J. M. 9:35—Rowland, M. 9:40—Schrohe, R. 9:45—Shinn, J. R. 9:50—Smith, A. E. 9:55—MacDonald, C. C. 10:00—Myers, M. 10:05—Reeves, M. C. 10:10—Rieke, j. W. 10:15—Rosenbaum, W. J. 10:20—Schnell, R. L. 10:25—Skebelsky, M. M. 10:30—Small, G. R. 10:35—Smith, R. W. 10:40—Snyder, W. M. 10:45—Spitler, J. F. 10:50—Spitzer, R. B. 10:55—Stanback, H. I. 11:00—Muehihausen, R. J.
1 1 .05—Newhall, j. N. 11:1 0—Myers, J. W. 11:15—Novak, S. T. 1 1 :20—Ortman, ). B. 1 1 :25—Richards, C. A. 1 1 :30—Rickey, C. B. 1 1 :35—Rabbius, D. L. I 1 :40—Rabbius, F. A. II -.45—Roby, W. E. 1 1 :50—Ruppert, C. F. 1 1 :55—Rush, F. C. 1 .00—-Steinman, J. O. 1 :05—Stekman, R. M. 1 :10—Stephan, R. E. 1 :1 5—Stewart, Gilman 1 :20—Stover, R. H. 1 :25—Straley, G. J. 1 :30—Strawbridge, H. E. 1 :35—Stutzman, L. F. 1 :40—Taylor, M. 1:45—Tebay, J. H. 1 :50—Thatcher, R. H. 1 ;55—Thompson, W. E. 2:00—Spring, G. H. 2:10—Swigart, G. H. 2:1 5—Swinehart, M. L. 2:20—Tabshey, F. 2:25—Taylor, J. E. 2:30—Taylor, J. P. 2:35—^Thorton, R. M. 2:40—Topping, A. D. 2:45—Trippett, B. L. 2:50—ryon, J. E. 2:55—Tyrell, W. P. 3:00—Ulm, R. C. 3:05—McCool, Beth 3:10—McKee, Frances 3:15—Maier, Elizabeth C. 3:20—Mankin, Jeanette
3:25—Meldahl, Janis 3:30—Merriell, Florence 3:45—Merritt, Kathryne M. 3:40—Sasser, R. M. 3:45—Schaefer, J. 3:50—Schisler, H. B. 3:55—Schroeder, C. D. 4:00—Seale, j. J. 4:05—Bauer, P. j. 4:10—Hazelton, Helen 4:15—Schwehn, Hilda 4:20—Knight, Helen 4:25—Brady, Veronica 4:3(3—Russell, Marion 4:35—Frazier, Ray 4:40—Schaff, F. H. 4:45—Schmuck, C. C. 4:50—Shin, D. A. 4:55—Shoemaker, D. W Friday, October 14 8:00—Marcus, J. L. 8:05—Wright, B. : 10—Norton, R. 8:15—Smith, W. L. 8:20—Snelling, W. L. 8:25—Stephenson, j. W. 8:30—Sterns, C. F. 8:35—Strapulos, C. 8:40—Suhot, j. N. 8:45—Roger, Marjorie 8:50—Pultz, Katherine E. 8:55—Reed, Martha 9:00—Tooker, Melba 9:10—Wetherald, Thomas R. 9:15—Whistler, Carlyle E. 9:20—Wiesner, Blaine K. 9:25—Wille, C. A.
9 30-44Williamson, H. E. 9 35-i2Wilson, W. W. 9.40—Winter, Fred W. 9 45—Wyczdwski, R. N. 9-50—Yalowitz, H. I. 9:55—Zachary, J. E. 10:00—Ruth, R. J. 1 0:05—Stone, C. B. 10:10—Strzalkowski, M. S. 10:15—Vance, D. R. 1 0:20—Axelrod, Norman R. 10:25—Yoman, W. D. 10:30—Zeller, A. J. 10:35—Zink, H. J.. 10:40—^Throckmorton, R, E. 10:45—Weber, N. H. 10:50—Weist 10:55—Williams, j. G. 1 1 :00—Simon, H. J. 1 1 :05—Summers, I. A. 1 1 :10—Van Horn, J. H. 11:15—Zuck, E. W. 1 1 ;20—^Tomasyewski, T. 1 1 :25—Troyer, M. R. 1 1 :30—Truer, E. L. 1 1 :35—Wagner, C. St. Claire I 1 -AO—Weisman, P. II ;45—Wise, J. C. I 1 :50—Pierce, Marjorie II :55—Reverda, Wellama 1 :00—Snyder, E. B. 1 :05—Swanoon, E. W. 1:10—^Thomas, H. W. 1:15—Tippy, j. V. 1:20—Toben, G. W. 1:25—Toy, F. C. 1:30—^Tureski, S. J. 1:35—^Van^winkie, R. H. 1:40—VanAbeele, L K.
1 :45—Vansant, W. G. 1 :50—Vergane, W. L. 2:00—Wadliegh, E. 2:05—Wallace, J. A. 2:10—Walter, R. C. 2:15—Rose, Marjorie 2:20—Renfroe, Ruth 2:25—Sands, Muriell 2:30—Schilling, Dorothy 2:35—Scott, Helen M. 2:40—Smith, Martha 2:45—Stewart, Eleanor 2:50—Sutherlin, Vera 2:55—Swick, Pauline 3:00—Tearney, j. 3:05—Ward, J. E. 3:10—Ross, Eleanor 3:15—Sexton, Betty j. 3:20—Thelen, Alberta E. 3:25—Throckmorton, Lucy 3:30—Totten, Rosalie H. 3:35—Vandivier, Rosemary 3:40—^Weitzel, A/ladeline 3:45—Werner, B. H. 3:50—Westfall, R. M. 3:55—White, David 4:00—Simmons, R. O. 4:05—Thomas, E. K. 4:10—Vinson, F. E. 4:15—Wagner, R. 4:20—Wolverton, W. B. 4:25—Worcester, P. F. 4:30—Wright, P. H, 4:35—Smith, W. j. 4:40—Snowball, J. R. 4.*45--Sobol, R. P. 4:50—Stepath, M. D. 4:55—Voight, R. A.‘{'1)
^toaxL OdA,
THE Pq»>1IE EXPONENT
TUdksA,
Thursdoy, October 13. 1938
'M
Notices
Punlae En8in«er: The following men will please report to Hart in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 18: Martineh, Fox, Kennedy, Duncan, Magoff, Winslow, Fisher, and Ruth. —CATTERALL
evening, October 13: R. E. Heine, R. D. Maby, A. R. Fowler, P. A. Phillips, E. Hj Applegate, J. E Roembke, C. R. EteReamer, V. T. Hitchcock, M. M. Shendler, Phyllis Dunn, !>. E. Lubbenjausen, G. Hamilton, F O. Slate, J. R. Shinn, W. Brookman, Anell Boas, L Archibald, C. E. Burton, J. T. Flanagan, Betty Hass, C. E. Franklin, D Waid, R. R. Shellhamer, S. Bacharach, J. Mohr, R. Baumann, J. Sherman, C. E, Dixon, J. G. Mazoff, D. R. Troyer, G. Jenkins, G J Tafel, C. M. Henderson, J. S. Carter, D. Rice, C. F. Eutz, and E. L. Troyer. Bring membership books and money. —JENKINS.
WAA Hockey: All sophomores, junior, and senior girls ard expected to attend field hockey practice October 13 at 4 p. m These practices are preparation for class teams. —SHAFFER
PIA Members: Following persons please call at PIA office at 7 o'clock Thursday
Union Sophomores: Will the following members of my committee please report to the Student Union office at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 13, Bergstedt, Dewey, Huls, Losson, Stoner, Vanhook, Allen, Bennett, Fleischer, Peterson, and Shake —RICHARDSON. WAA Council Members: Bring member-
Delicious Morsels
Doesn't it look tempting^ Graves' pastries ere always so crisp, so fresh, so savory, that you can't help eating more Made by the cleverest bakers from the very best ingredients Graves quality Bakery 124 State. W. L. Phone 3852
LAMP SALE! OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF INDIRECT LAMPS • Floor Lamps • Bridge Lamps • End Table Lamps • Study Lamps 25% OFF Sight Light and Milwaukee Wrought Iron Lamps Not Included in This Sale
DECKER'S
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Christmas Cards
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3 00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Roekmart, Georgia
• jewelers
• Locksmith
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Or>en Evenings
• Professional
Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ’A Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Tailor
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES MADE BY H. BEHRENS 126 N. 6th Ball Bldg.
ship dues to council meeting, Thursday, October 18. —MORRIS.
' Modem Dance Group: Meeting Thursday, October IS, at 7:80 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Advanced members only. —NEWMAN.
sophomores who have proviously beep contacted and any others interested in working on the Agriculturist please report to the Agriculturist office at 8 p. m. Thursday, October 18. —KINGSLEY.
p. m. in room P of the Union Building. —WOOD.
October 13, at 7:00 p. m.
—STRIEBY.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Thursday, October 18 at 7:80 a. m. with Peggy Meese as leader. —MELSBR.
Forensic Managers: Sophomore co-eds wishing to become forensic managers meet, in room 308 of University Hall at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 13. —PHILLIPS.
WAA Council: Meeting today, October 13, at 7 :15 in WAA office in the Memorial Gym. —RODERICK.
PIA: All persons who have membership books and others interested In intensive campaign please meet in the PIA ditioe Thursday, October 18, at 7 p. m. Important. —HENSHAW.
Flying Club: Meeting in room 2 of the Union at 7 p. m. Thursday, October 13. ’ —CHEVEDDEN.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, October 13, at 7:30. Reverend Ainslie will discuss “Miracles of Today ’’ Ail students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK.
POMM: Formal pledging Thursday, October 13, at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory. All members and pledges must be present in formal uniform. —DONOVAN.
Debris: Photographic staff meeting will be held Thursday, October 18, at 4 :00 p. m. in the darkroom. —EMSLBY.
SAE: Meeting in room 8 of the Mechanical Engineering Building on Thursday. October 18, at 4 p> m. —CONRON.
Union Sophomores: My committee please meet in student Union office'at 4 p. m. 'Thursday, October 13. —McClelland.
Kappa Delta Pi — Important meeting Thursday, October 13, in room B of the Union at 7 .30 p. m. All members required to attend —FELDMAN. Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday at 4 :00
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting will be held in room 108 of Agricultural Hall on Thursday, October 13, at 7 :30 p. m. —FAVINGER.
YWCA 21 Club: For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 30. Girls interested must sign up in the YWCA office this week. First meeting in YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p. m. —MOOREHEAD.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union for election of officers Thursday,
University Orchestra: Rehearsal moved to Thursday, October 13, at 7:15 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
PIA Orchestra: There will be no practice Friday, October 14 —SHINN. Activities Bureau: Meeting of new officers in room F of the Union at 4 p. m Thursday, October 13. —JACOBSON.
Ag Chemical Club: All freshmen interested in attending the Freshman reception Friday, October 14, meet in front of Ag Hall at 7 p. m. —MABY. Military Freshmen: Scheduled games between D-1 vs. E-1 and between F-1 vs. S-1 on Thursday, October 13, are cancelled. Date for play-offs will be announced later. —BECKLEY.
Union Sophomores: Will these people please meet in the Union office Thursday, October 13, at 4 p m.: Dorothy Andrew, Dorothy Bates, Jane Blaed, Jeanne Chandler, Elaine Fleischer, Eleanor Haase, Jetta Kisler, Mary L. Nourse, Ruth Randall, Mae Simms, Phyllis Shake, Caroline Shaw, and Jean Carrel. —McClelland. Open Swim: Swim for graduates at 7:30 today, October 13, in Women’s Gym Bring caps —CASE
Tan Kappa Alpha: Meeting for all members today, October 13, in the speech office at 4 p m. —BUCKLES
Wesley Players: Regular meeting tonight, October 13, at 7 at Foundation house Important business. —WHINERY
We Thought It Good Business To Give You More for Your Money
V
It costs Crown more to clean your clothes, because they use the Monite moth proofing process. But it has proved a good investment —more people depend on Crown cleaning now than ever before. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE. ©EiowN iUur^inv riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Agricultural Students: All freshmen and
All Colors and Sizes of I. E. S. Lamps SOUTHWORTH'S
You Can Always Find an I. E. S. Lamp to Suit You at H. G. “Deac” ReISNER
FOR
BETTER SIGHT
NOW... AND FUTURE YEARS, TOO
YOUNG EYES AND OLD EYES NEED THE PROTECTION OF PROPER LIGHTING
Here’s a program for Light-Conditioning in your home You can make your home lighting the right kind of lighting as well as the right amount, without expensive outlay for new fixtures. Put I. E. S.-certified lamps at every point where eyestrain may occur —they come in attractive floor, bridge and table lamp ^les . . . even as wall lamps that you can install and move easily yourself. I. B. S.Certification means that they have passed the specifications for correct lighting prescribed by the Illuminating Engineers Society. ^ The right amount of light is limply a matter of using the right size of Mazda bulbs. Use bulbs that are large enough for the job at hand . . . light is one of the cheapest comforts you can buy. And ke^ a bu{»ply on hand for replacemenci —^ey can save you inconvetuh' enoe and irritation.
Better Sight for you every time you use your eyes. And Better Sight years from now, if proper lighting is guarding against eye strain. Plenty of the right kind of l^ht eases the "seeing job” for eyes of any age—and may prevent permanent; injury to young eyes that are just beginning a lifetime of use. Make sure that your home is "light-condi-tioned” for more comfortable sight . . . everywhere. The cost is small, and it pays big dividends in comfort and eye-health.
FifeIN DIANA