\
■ \
\J '"h
®he Puriluc
Read Daily By 5,000 Studmts Of Purdue University
VOttIME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 1937
NUlMBEEiS# maam^amammer
Amelia Hops To Caripito On Second Leg Of World Flight
By Amelia Earhart
’ (Copyright, 1987, New York Tribune Inc.) Caripito, Venezuela, June 2.—1 rolled out of bed at 3:45 this ihbmiiig in order to make a dawn take-nff from San Juan, Puerto Rico, but aviation plans are as likely as those of mice or men to go astray, and it turned out the Electra did not lift her wheels from the runway until 5:40 Eastern Standard Time.^ I had intended to hop 1,000
miles direct to Paramaribo, Dutch Guiana, but owing to the later start'and the fact that construction work at the San Juan air field shortened the available take-off distance, I decided to make Caripito for refueling purposes. From the time we crossed the green mountains of Puerto Rico until we sighted the island of Margarita (Venezuela) to starboard, we saw nothing but the tops of cumulus clouds and the blue sea below. I flew at 8,000 feet most of the way, bucking headwinds of probably 30 miles per hour. The coast of Venezuela in the hazy distance was my first glimpse of South America. As we dr^ near I saw densely wooded mountains with wide valleys between open plains and jungles. I ,had never seen a jungle before. Muddy River A muddy river wound through tl'e mountain pass we followed. A fev^^ miles inland lay the red-roofed tow^ of Caripito, with squat oil tanks on the outskirts. There was (Continued on page 2)
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
Kizer Takes No Action On Track Petition
The petition protesting the resig nation of track coach Orval Martin, signed by approximately 2,000 students, was presented to director of athletics Noble Kizer yesterday mofning by a group of varsity track men and the track manager. Kizer said that no action could be taken since Martin’s resignation had been accepted and a new coach, Hermon Phillips of Butler University, had been contracted.
Subscriptions For Summer Session Exponent On Sale
Water Works Group Plans Employee Schools
Subscriptiqns for' Summer Session Exponent will go on sale this morning at the Union desk, Deac’s, and through the members of the Summer Session staff at 50 cents for the summer. The Exponent will be mailed cto any address for this price and, as previously announced, there will be no charge for issues distributed through the University buildings. Delivery will be made only in the University buildings and through the mails; consequently anyone de' siring the Exponent delivered must subscribe. Two issues will be published during the first two weeks of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology, and one issue will be made per week during the Summer Session. The Summer Session Exponent will carry in addition to University news, news of Ross Civil Gamp, Camp Knox, Forestry Camp at Henryville, and of course, word of the Institute conducted here during the first part of the summer. The first edition will appear on Thursday, June 17. '
Workers for tomorrow night are: Stanback, night ed.; Schroeder, stooge; and Mueller, Olson, Dyer, Estey, and Woodson, freshmen. Any staff member may be called upon to work on the night of Monday, June 7, unless he sees me before tomorrow evening. Any staff member who is unable to work on the nights appointed for him must get a substitute. The list of workers for June 7 will appear in Saturday’s Exponent. —BROCK.
John A. Bruhn, secretary of the Indana section of the American Water Works Association, recently announced that the organization will hold a series of district water works training schools in cooperation with the State Division of Pub-" lie Health for the benefit of public water supply superintendents and employees during the first part of this month. The meetings definitely scheduled are June 16, at Vincennes, and on June 18, at LaPorte. Others are to be held later. Subjects to be discussed are: “‘Taste And Odor Control,” “Water Waste Surveys,” “Cross Connections,” “Coagulant Tests,” and other technical matters.
Old clothes and shoes keep Rex Holmes, a sophomore at the University of Oklahoma, in new clothes and send him through school. Rex buys used suits for about $3 and sells them for $5.
Lay Plans For Faculty Use Of Swimimng Pool During Summer Season
46 Counties Enter Annual 4-H Round-Up
Red Norvo, Mildred Bailey To Play For Last Union Mixer
Between 1500 and 1600 4-H Club members from oVer Indiana are expected to attend the nineteenth annual boys’ and girls’ club round-up to be hel^ here June 16,17, and 18. 'This wai^ the announcement made yesterday by Dr. Z. M. Smith, state club leader on the agricultural extension staff of the University, who stated that programs were being sent to club leaders, county agents, and others who will chaperon the township and county winners who will attend. Judging Contests As in past years, three days will be filled with agricultural •and home economics judging contests, with the health contest looming as one of the most interesting features. The winners in the health and other events will represent the state ih (Continued on page 3)
Red Norvo and his band, featuring’ Mildred Bailey, **Tiie Rockin’ Chair Lady,” will play for the last regular mixer of the year this Saturday night in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Student Union officials announced laat night. Norvo has won world-wide recognition as a xylophmiist and
his band is rated among the
Coming Saturday
Co~eds Shoot In Archery Tourney
All faculty members and their wives and members of the University clerical staff will have free use of the Memorial Gymnasium pool from June 17 until August 14. Men and women must pay a $2.00 fee for locker and towel service and present an O. K. slip from the Student Helath Service at their first appearance at the pool. Additional information may be secured frofn th^ intramural office.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations only two more issues of the Exponent will be published this semester. These issues will appear Saturday and on June 8. The first issue of the Summer Session Exponent will appear June 17.
One team of eight University coeds participated in the recent an nual intercollegiate co-educational telegraphic archery tournament, in which teams from 99 schools took part. Competition was held at each school and results were telegraphed to headquarters, where rankings are being compiled. Each school was allowed three teams of eight women each. Women’s colleges and co-educational institutions from all over the country were represented in the tournament. High point scorers in class and W. A. A. archery composed the University team, which played off May 20. Those on the team were: Mary Ellen Ward, Kathryn Merritt, Irene Boehm, Helen Tugaudis, Shirley Anderson, Isobel Allen, and Jeanne Campbell. Reports on rankings have not yet been announced.
Alpha Gamma Rho
Alpha Gamma Rho announces the pledging of Donald Paarlberg, of Crown Point.
most popular in the country. Recently Norvo and Bailey have been featured on the coast to c<mst “Tuesday Night Swing Concert" program. In the first all-star swing concert held in New York, including performances by the East’s greatest stars, the Norvo-Bailey combination received the greatest ovation. Rate High Red Norvo and his band were featured in a recent edition of the March of Time newsreel and Met* ronome, a leading music magazine, classified Norvo and his orchestra as the leading swing band in the country. In addition those appeainnces already mentioned, Norvo and his musical organization have played at Jack Dempsey’s and the Commodore Hotel in New York, the Blackstone in Chicago and many other leading places of entertainment. The regular charge of one dollar per couple will be made.
“Red” Norvo Mildred Bailey
Sportswomen Initiate Shaffer, Patterson
Janette Shaffer and Dora Mae Patterson were initiated into the Sportswomen club, co-ed athletic honorary, Tuesday evening, Jime 1, with ceremonies at the W. A. A. cabin. Following the initiation, a farewell party for senior women was held.
Captain Morse Will Report Here June 5
Captain Francis H. Morse, of the U. S. Army, who has been transferred to the military department e£ the University, wiU report here on June 5, it was stated recently by Lieutenant Colonel Brewer. Captain Morse, graduate of West Point Military Academy in 1920 and of the Field Artillery School in 1^1, is being transferred here from Fort Hoyle, Md. ,
Delta UpsRon
Delta Upsilon announces the pledging ofithe following men: W. S. Bendell, Waukegan, 111.; R. L. Christianson, Chicago, HI.; G. E. McCoy, Massillon, O.; and R. W. Oyler, Kokomo.
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Purdue University Schedule of Semester Examinations Second Semester, 1936-1937
Senior Classes End Saturday, May 29, 12 M., Other Classes End Tuesday, June 1,5 P. M.
The following abbreviations are used for departments and building^s:
AD—^Applied Design AE—^Agricultural Engineering Ag—Agrriculture AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry Agron—^Agronomy AH—^Animal Husbandry AM—^Applied Mechanics B—^Biology ChE—Cherai<»l Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—^Dairy Husbandry EA—^Engineering Administration Ec—Economics Ed—^Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FMgt—^Farm Management F&N—Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry . G—Michael Golden Shops GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE—^Home Economics Hort—^Horticulture IM—^Institution Management Math—Mathematics
ME—Mechanical Engineering
ML—Modern Languages MM—Materia Medica MT—Military Training PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phar—Pharmacy PhC—^Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building SC—Stailiey Coulter Hall Sm—Smith Hall Univ—University Hall No. 2—^Building No. 2
The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations.
Exaniination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled.
* *Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Period 7 ‘ THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 8-11 A. M, Course Divisions Room AgCh 142 —All ■__* AB 11 A,B AE 201,202 Agron 2 All * AH 23 All * AH 140 All—.: Ag206 B 108' AU_. SC 208 B 121 All SC 211 B 131 All- * ChE 128 All. * ChE-133 All * Chem 118 — A-F Ed 101 C&T 13a —.All * Ee 12 A - ME 3 Ec 12 B SC 14 Ec 118 All Rec 313 Ec 121 A GlOl Ed 108 All —__L * EE 6 All * \
EE 109 All— EE 175 AU * Engl 3 C,D * Engl 116 A,B * Engl 121 A,B * Engl 121a AU * Ent 1 AU CE201 FMgt. 1 AU Agios F&N 22 AU HE 202,213 For 31 AU * GE105 AU ME 108 Gov 109 AU Ed 201 Hist 1 A Phys 202 Math 1 A,B * ■Mathl XA Rec 225 Math 2 A-G * Math 3 A * Math 3 XA Rec 227 Math 14 ^ A * Math 120 AU * ML 22 AU EE 129 md 62 AU ME 207 Phar 137 AU *
Period 8 • THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 1-4 P. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
AD 52 ...
...AU
Ed 101
Agron 11 .
...AU
...Ag 206,209
Agron 134
..AU
._Agl03,104
AM 2
...EH,XH,J,
XJ
HE 129
B 39b
-.All
SC 211
B 41
...AU
SC 14
B 118
—All
«.SC211
ChE 117 ...
...All
*
ChE 129 ...
...AU
Heav 202
CE 23
...All
*
C&T 23 ...
...All
..HE 109,115
DH 13 ....
...All
*
Ec 11
-.C,XC
Phys 202
Ec 20
...All
*
Ec 134
...All
*
Ed 2a
...B .:....
Ed 201
Ed 4
...D
*
Ed 35
...AU
Ed 209
Ed 178 ...
...All :....
HE 254
Engl 13 ...
-W.AU
«
FMgt 3 ..
...All
CE201
GE 104
...A
Hist 15 ..
...AU
*
Hist 107 .
B
Ed 208
HA 171 .-
—All
HE 202'
IM 139
...All
-.HE 107,108
Math 1 ...
..-E,F.
Math 2 ...
...O-U
*
Math 2 ...
...V
Math 3 ...
...QXC....
«
Math 4...
-..V,XV,W,X
•»
Math 222 -
...AU
ME 95 AU ME 103 ME 127 AU ME 301 ME 140 AU * ME 142 AU * ME 152 All-i * ME 192 -i—AUfe. * MB 193 AU * ML 130a AU * PEW 93 AU * Phar 26 AU * PhC 16 AU * Phys 9 AU * PM 11 E * PM 12 E *
Period 9 FRIDAY, JUNE 4, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room B 2 Pri.l0 —.SC211 B 215 AU * ChE 113 AU * Chem 105 AU * Chem 134 —AU * CE 78 AU CE301 C&T 128 AU * DH 10 AU Ec 1 B,E Phys 202 Ec 12 G * Ec 132 AU _C_SC14 Ec 138 AU * Ed 1 AU Ed 101 Ed 4 A Ed 208 Ed 4 C Ed 17 PEW-AU EA208 Ed 50 A Ed 201 EE 246 AU - * Engl 10 A - * Engl 14 A-C * Engl 19 A-C ♦ Ent 3 AU * Ent 105 AU * FMgt 101 AU * Gov 120 AU Rec 313 Hist 120 —All * HA 14a AU * Hort 33 AU Hort 202 Hort 35 AU * Math 1 C,D_ * Math 2 H,I,K-N * Math 2 J Rec 315 Math 3 B Bee 303 Math 3 XB Rec 307 Math 11 H,I,J.L Math 11 K Rec 302 ML 56 B * ML 126 All... ML 150a .—All J* PE 14 .JUl GlOl PE 44 AU Ed 6 PEW 61 All J1E129 PhC 133 AU *
.Phys 204
Phys 146 AU Poul 1 AU PM 11 C,D .* PM 12 C,D CE101,308»
Period 10 FRIDAY, JUNE 4, 1-4 P. M.
Boom
Course Divisions
AgCh 108 —0,D Agron 132 —AU-- * AH 4 A Agios AH 4 B AH 4 0 Ag209 B 18 AU ^cai ChE 227 ..^..AU * Chem 24 AU ^Ohem 106k 320 Chem 108 —AU: Ed 101 Chem 118 —G Ed 101
Ed 101 ^CE201 CE201
-CB201 ,CE2»1 .OE201 -CB201 .JHB3
Chem 287 AU CE 112 AU CE 144 AU CE 154 AU CE 164 AU CE 166 AU CE 181 AU Ec 1 D
Ec 12 H,I Be 123 AU Bee 313 Ed 2a A Ed208 Ed 17 A * Ed 51 A Ed 75 A mm Ed 110 AU * EE 22 AU EB254 EE 144 AU —* EE 185 AU EE 188 AU Engl 3 P&G .* ' Engl 5 G —Phys 202 Engl 10 F Engl 14 W,X Engl 16 A * Engl 118 A For 28 AU Smm GE 113 AU Hist 1 C- «.SC14 Hist 3 C HA 9 „AU Math 11 OG Math 11 ^.XC JteeaOl Math 116 AU ; , ,, , * ME 31 —...EL MB 301-312 ML 23 AU * ML 24 A ML 43 All ^..,.,1..!..,.*.,* ML 61 —AU-. ML 63 ......All PhC 182 AU ■ Poul 42 AU l-I PM 13 au.4, PM 14 AU
' ''' 4
■.V I
J
j
OnTHE f>tJRDTJE EXPONEN*r
-''-I'’.®
P^r))|ue f xti^pnt
PMindcd in ISM
>I
nnpncnBNTMtvoit NAtioNAu AovBimsiNn nr l^'ional AdverKsing Service, Inc £«ltMw PmbU»itn\R*»mtmt0$h* 4aOMji(biBON Av£' I NEwYbnk. N.Y. Chioam - BoatoN ' . SAN fuancisco U>B ANMLBB . POWTIANB - BBATTLB
MEMSCH gtosecietyd €foU<giate
SatatBd B* Brtond ! ddiyamd by CAirier,
■bO. $MOl
out ottiee. Lafiorett*. In^BBfc i.60 per year; Bold by B BhMrjc.SSSZtJL£SBSk
Daily Student Pablication of Pnrdne Univeraity
BoBhicBB Phone E088
OFnOB-812 North Fifth Street Phone »087
Bditor-in-Chief-
editorial staff
Nnn&sinB EditorABeociate Editon-
R. P. Manion .J. E. Broc*
Bold and Black Editor
-••••—“" C. D. Sehroedor,
-.D. A. Bailey. I Stanback. D. R. V^ce
Beth McCool
BUSINESS STAFF
Bnaineea Manitser —— Amiatant Bnsinesa Hanaser— National AdrertiBinB ManacerLoeal Adrertisins Manacer Ciiealation ManagCT —
-D. C. Miller -J. P. Girard
.W. J. Gillilan JB. R. Henaler JI. C. Reerea
SPORTS STAFF
Editor-
Aeaoeiate Editora..
B. F. Obenchain
£-£; M^nald, b. D. Witwer
WOMEN’S STAFF
Bditor-
—EiijEBheth Pyke
Aaaoeiate Editore..
"Mmt Cooiiw. Dorothea Juatin, Sally McKee
Issne Editor—Don Paarlberg
Hats Off
Many seniors who are graduating this ye^ are leaving more to the University than their names on the files. They are the ones who have done more than is required of them. have contributed to the University something personal and something permanent through their work in extra-curricular
HC^ivit/ioSo
They have given amply of their time. They have sacrificed sleep and studies, pleasures and pastimes, in order to keep the student activities running smoothly. They have left a part ot themselves in the University in their chosen activities
Bill Hunt’s Exponent editorial rating system. Bud Sennstrom’s Independent personnel organization—^just to mention a few outstanding examples—will go down through the years, with monor changes of course, as concrete evidence oi their personal and permanent contributions to make their chosen activities better—to make them more suited to the needs and
interests of Purdue students.
These students who have given of themselves in this manner have benefited by it—they have gained a great measure of responsibility, an ability to cooperate and to get cooperation, as well as specific knowledge of their work—they have uiade themselves better men and women. However, realizing that their work on activities has benefited them, we cannot help but feel indebted to them for what they have done to improve Purdue and her activities, so our hats are doffed to you, Wes, Bill, Hugh, Bud, Jim, Walt, Johnny, Dwight, Art, Dagwood, Dottie, Ruth, Pat, Betty, Glen—and all the others.—J. E. B.
“On of the beauties of this university (Wisconsin) is that you can raise a big fuss here and nobody is greatly disturbed by it. This university is known throughout the world as a place where something is boiling over all of the time.” Prof. John D. Hicks of the University of Wisconsin lets off steam to Mother sand Dads visiting the campus for Parents’ weekend.
Easy Money ? Sure, But How ?
Over our radios we have heard many times during the last few years this stock sponsor “plug.” (We leave the blanks in order that the script may be adaptable to any product). “The makers of our wonderful product, ;—, absolutely guaranteed to be the best available in the world.
are sponsoring this gigantic prize contest further to acquaint the public with We are offering the enormous sum of dollars in cash prizes, First prize will be
dollars, second prize
-, etc. All you have to do, ladies
and gentlemen, is simply write a slogan telling why you like All slogans must be less than words in
length, and must be mailed in to the
ers of the best in the world, before
Company, mak-
Slo-
gans must be accompanied by a wrapper from a package of
or a reasonably exact facsimile.”
Amelia Earliaf| Hops To Caripito, Venezuela (Continued from page 1)
a lovely air field with paved runways and a well equipped hangar.
It is managed, jointly Ijiy
ican Airways and the ^taPdarJ Oil
Airways
Company.
We were met by Don Andrew Ro-
lando, presidibnt of (the state of Mqnagas, and Don Rapiiro Rendiles, sedretary general, who 'vi'ere accompanied by their wives. They cordially welcomed us to their beautiful country and hoped we would en-
joy, our stay. j
Orchids
At my place at lunch were two orchids such as one Wears only on special occasions in town. They grow wild here and were beautiful even against my crumpled flying
shirt.
Weather reports showed increasing showers on the way to Paramaribo, so I decided to stay overnight here, pushing on tomorrow. Our host is E. Henry Linam, general manager of the Standard Oil Company of Venezuela, at whose home we plan to stay. It seems that hospitality is fqund wherever we
stop.
Our elapsed time for the trip from
Yes, we have heard these speeches often, but being just another American, and possessing the samfi. gambling instincts and gullibility as other Americans, we rather enjoyed them. We always enjoy the chance of trying to get something for nothing, and in these contests prizes range from free samples to life incomes of $1,000 a year. So we enter a contest, say for instance the $10,000 cash contest sponsored by the So-and-So breakfast food company. We compose a 100 word slogan as per directions, and in our own private opinion it’s really a honey. Still obeying explicit instructions, we mail it in with a So-and-So breakfast food wrapper, and then go into hibernation for six months until the date scheduled for announcing the winners. The great day comes; we breathlessly await the end of the So-and-So program. And then what happens ? In a mournful voice our honey-tongued announcer breaks the news that— “Due to the tremendous and unexpected response to this great cash contest, the judges, working day and night, were unable to consider all the slogans and give us the names of the
lucky winners.”
Finally, however, the heartless sponsors do break down and annqunce the winners. Of course we lost again, but that’s not the point. Right here comes our chief gripe—just what did the winner write in his 100 word masterpiece? What nimble phraseology caught the judges’ eye? Rarely indeed are the winning slogans broadcast, and even more rarely does the sponsor use in his advertising the slogans he has paid for so
generously.
We certainly would like to hear some of the winning answers to the many radio contests; it would help considerably when we begin to compose our slogan for the next, more specl^ular, and more remunerative contest. Oh, yes, we’re disgusted now, but we’ll be glad to try for the next easy money that comes our way.—H. I. S. *
“There seems to be an idea that there is something sacred about the person of a Harvard or a Technology student. There is no reason why a Technology student, a Harvard student, or a Senator should not be arrested if he commits a crime.” A “show-them-no-mercy” attitude of Judge A. P. Stone, who fined four Cambridge collegians for rioting early in May.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119Vit Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
OI^INTING Offlet SMomry. , Q I WaMne' InviMloM 6S8 CASSEL'S MBMuii'
Wlua WouM Cupid Say If He H^* These???
Just wltot is love? Some of the campus leaders at the University of Minnesota answered the inquiring reporter thus: “Love is a state of emotions which, if you haven’t got you wish you did and vice versa.” “Love is what I feel for hamburgers—^With onions.” (co-ed llefinition). “It’s something that’s caught, not taught.” “Love makes two people not like each other when they haven’t got any of it.” “Love is something which, if you are out of, you can get more work done.” (according to a law student). “There are some people wjho know all of the rules of the game, but there are some who don’t know any rules and still do it superbly. It’s the same with good English.” (according to one of the deans).
San Juan (760 miles) was 4 homrs and 32 minutes.
(Editor’s Note: , Through the generosity of Miss Amelia Earhart and the co-opera-tion of the New York Herald-Tribune, the Exponent is able to bring you exclusive daily accounts ' of the 28,000 mile flight around the world which Miss Elarhart is making in the Purdue “Flying Laboratory” plane). (Herald Tribune Syndicate)
I the thfaridiiB (ellBW eella \ A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bleck CetB tor Bpeelel OccBrioaa He per pBaecnger any pert ef the city (OH PHONES son YELLOW CAB CO.
The Risk Dental Clinic
OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Scholti Bldg. Phone 6701
RkMLY-
Today Friday — Saturday 2 FIRST RUN HITS
PETER B.HYNE^S
—PLUS—
W* ’JLsS!. ^
with’ Roscoe Karns Ruth Coleman
■Slisi '
LUNA Wmwswwmmm
DOUBLE FEATURE
Today — Fri. — Sat.
grin ANP bear it
By Lichty
“We need a man who mak^s lightning quick decisions-—think it over for a few days and let me know if you want the job.”
IT’S DIZZY - IT’S DAFFY IT’S DE-NUTS!
Miriam
Joel
HOPKINS • McCREA
A gentle love story ... Gentle as a Tornado!
CHARLES WINNINGER ERIK RHODES ELLA LOGAN
TODA Y FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Cool for Your Comfort
Oakhurst, the gambler, lives again in this drama of a two gun man and a one man woman.
STARTS TODAY 2 First Run Feature Hits
PRESTON FOSTER
Roaring Drama of the Gold Frontier
JEAN MUIR VAN HEFLIN VIRGINIA WEIDLER MARGARET IRVING
—On Same Program-
A gay—spicy—singing—swinging medley of music and merriment behind the scenes of a radio studio.
HIGH HAT
- with Frank Luther-r^Dorothy Dare Lona Andre—Franklin Pangborn
Cool Matinees—Only 15c
J'‘k'f:f, ''';’‘ft ‘ ' '^J- ^''' '-v,;'.'', '■ ' r/* ’ '> ; ; _ \ ^ -
tm puitBipps EXPONBifr
Pursue Enteira 2 In Intercollegiate Track Contest
Bob Lemen, high scoring hurdler ■ and high jumper, and Charles Terhiinej quarter-mile'r, will’ rejpreseht t||ie Uttivetsity at the Central Iftter*- '' cbllegiate track meet at Milwaukee Wis., tomorrow, it was' filiinpunced
yesterday by C6ach Orykl.-M'aHin. t Lemen, undefeated the
dual meet season in the low hhfdles and high point man in the Indiana state meet with a first in the^ low barriers and seconds in the high sticks and high jump, is expected to compete in all three events. Both of the University entries
hail from Indianapolis.
I^icnics, Swimming, Tennis Offer^lTo
Co-eds By PEW
Many students are taking advantage of picnicking facilities at the W. A. A. . cabin, Miss Veronica Brady of the P. E. W. staff announced yesterday. Cabin leaders are engaged to take groups out for supper, games, and study afterward in the cabin library. Other recreational facilities-avail-able for co-eds during final weeks are the Women’s Gym, which is open each day, and the women’s tennis courts, which may be reserved at the main office.
8 C. CARTER for
Mower Grinding and Petnisylvama Lawnmowers. :«8 and Boiler Skates for Rent PiMIM U91 '^Stete ft Main Sta., W. L.
Hate You NotMl ThM » V ^ Mipst Ornate Elephants Carry Their Trunks Up?
Why do most elephants on bookends, ink-wells, and charms carry their trunks up ? ' Discovery has been made by serious investigators that some collectors of iniifation pachydeiros “won’t have ong. around with a turned prob,<!»^ci^..'They believe it .is “bad luck.” BIe|>i^an^, trunks in air, can scent d&hgeifi.a'nd thereby possibly save theilw'mves from “bad luck.” Anyway, it was learned that down through the ages the elephant’s trunk carrying habits have had a storied influence on battles, relig-' ions, myths, arts, commerce, finance and politics—even to 1937 in America!
Several jeysrelry and novelty house
dealers say ^i^t elephants with the turned down hoses don’t sell well., But one dealer protested; he wished Americans “would forget it, as elephants with upraised trunks break easier in shipping.” A national Republican committeeman from Illinois has a few elephants, too, and he said: “Trunks up? Yes, indeed! Why? Well, because an elephant, when he is full of ginger, pep, and go, has his trunk up. None of those down-at-the-nose elephants for me!”
ROSES, reg. 75e 3 yr. old 29c each
Grass Seed, 39c Ib. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
J. SPERB HDW.
822 Main
Salem Ag Students To ^isit Campus
; Fifty vocational agriciiltural students from Salem Bligh School, undef the supervision of W. C. Branaman, head of the high si^hool’s vocational agriculture department, will arrive on the campus this noon and remain until tomorrow morning in order to make a tour of the University. This afternoon the group will divide into two parties which will visit the greenhouses, the Agricultural Engineering Building, . the dairy barn, the herd and livestock barns, and the Poultry Building. Following this tour they will go for a swim in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. ’-i Tonight between 6:40 and 7:20 o’clock the group will be "greeted by University representatives at an informal. reception' in ‘ the Memorial Union Building. They will conclude the tour tomorrow morning as they visit the University farm, the airport, and numerous buildings on the north campus.
Before letting a June moon lead you into a marriage, consider the factors Dr. W. C. Hall of the University of Texas says will make matrimony happy: a long engagement, a ceremony performed by a minister, and respect for the marriage institution and homes with children.
Weird inventions pictured in pseudo-scientific magazines will no doubt be a reality in the y^r 2030, explained Ernest L. Foss of General Motors, to students at the University of Michigan. As an illustration, Foss described submarine tractors which will harvest undersea growths.
ENJOY YOUR VACATION MORE
By Keeping in Toncii With CAMPUS NEWS
The regular session Purdue Exponent is to continue publication during summer school.
News of
• All campus activities. • Fort Knox. • Civil School Camp. • Forestry Camp. \ • Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology.
Everything you will want to know about the campus will be in the summer school Exponent.
Have the Exponent mailed to your summer address. ^ Subscriptions are only $.50 and can be secured at the Union Desk, Deac’s, or from members of the Exponent staff.
The
er Exponent
Indiana To Defend Title
In Track Meet
J^ilwaukee, Wis.—^Indiana against the field is expected to be the setup as athletes from more than 30 other schools participate in the'twelfth annual Central intercollegiate outdoor track and field championships in the Marquette University stadium at Milwaukee, Friday afternoon and night. Coach E. C. (Billy) Hayes and his well-balanced Indiana squad are coming in full force in an attempt to defend successfully the Centrals crown and Knute K. Rockne memorial trophy which they won here last year. The Hoosiers are especially well-stocked on distance runners and boast two Olympic stars in Don Lash and Tommy Deckard. They also won the title in 1934. Others Strong Expected to press Indiana for the championship are Notre Dame, the University of Wisconsin, Michigan State and Pittsburgh. At least 12 states are represented in the field this year with entries from Purdue, Illinois, Chicago, Iowa Minnesota, and a large number of other mid-western schools. Olympic men on hand, in addition to Lash and Deckard, will be Johnny Doodruff, Pittsburgh, who won the 800 meters title at Berlin, and Fritz Pollard, Jr., North Dakota, who placed third in the 110 meter high hurdles in the 1936 international games. Among other individual track stars who promise keen competition are Bob Lemen, Purdue; Bobby Grieve, Illinois; Andy Dooley, Iowa; George Halcrow, Chicago; Mai Hicks, Indiana; Jimmy Smith, Indiana; Chuck Fenske, Wisconsin; Dick Brunton, Illinois; and Bush Lamb, Iowa. Field Events In the field events will be such aces as AJ Haller, Wisconsin; Dominic Krezowski, Minnesota; Ed Christianson, Wisconsin, Floyd De Heer, Iowa; Ed Burke, Marquette; and Bob Hubbard, Minnesota. A victory ceremoney, presided over by a court of honor of pretty Marquette co-eds with Miss Jeaime McMahan as queen, will be held after each event. National Collegiate athletic officials will be present to look over the victors and pick midwestern representatives^for the N. C. A. A. games at Berkeley, Cal., June 18-19.
Badgers Schedule Two Purdue Tilts For 1938
Wisconsin’s “ 1937-38 conference basketball schedule was approved by the Badger athletic board at a brief meeting Tuesday, it was announced recently by Director Harry Stuhldreher. Under the rotating schedule plan of the conference, by which three teams are dropped and three others added each year, the Badgers will not play Iowa, Illinois^ or Ohio State next year. They will play Purdue here January 15 and ihere February 19. '
,^nual 4-H Round-Up (Continued from page 1)
the national contest at the 4-H Club Congress, to be held in Chicago on November 27 to December 3, the time of the International Live Stock Exposition. 46 Counties A tabulation of entries shpws that 46 counties will send live stock judging teams, 43 will send dairy teams, and a like number of teams will compete in corn judging. There will be 20 poultry and egg judging teams. There are six entries in the insect identification , contest, four each in the bird identification and the tree and shrub identification events, and five in the weed identification contest. Recreational Program Besides these features, an excellent recreational program has been planned, including open house in several schools and departments of the University, morning swims in the University pool, a box supper at the Tippecanoe County fair grounds, a live stock review at the University farm, and a final party for the group on Friday night. In addition, talks are to be given by Dr. Smith, T. A. Coleman, acting director of extension work here, Dr. Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana University school of medicine, who will present the health winners, Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics, and others.
ielder’s.... ....choice - By Bill Afield —-
Bob Lemen and Chuck Terhune, both from Indianapolis, were elected as co-captains of the next year’s track team ... Lemen is also, president of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity . . . the three points that Purdue received in the Big Ten outdoor track meet were due to Bob’s efforts in the 220 yard low hurdles . . . Terhune has been running the 440 yard dash, half mile, and is on the relay team. —fc— Tomorrow the Central Intercollegiate track and field meet in the Marquette University stadium will get under way . . . the preliminaries will be^ run in the afternoon and the finals will start at 8 o’clock tomorrow night . . . The nieet was started in 1926 by Ralph H. Young, Michigan State athletic director, Conrad Jennings, Marquette University, and Knute K. Rockne of Notre Dame .. . Indiana University is the defending champion. —^fc— Karl “Freese, junior ag student of Nappanee, was elected captain of the 1938 Boilermaker golf team . . Karl has played consistent golf all through the season, shooting’in the seventies regularly . . . Bob Smith led the squad this year. —^fc— Ralph Metcalfe, known as Marquette University’s track star and the “world’s fastest human,” has announced that he is to be married on June 9 in St. Peter’s church at Dallas, Tex., to Gertrude Eva Pemberton . . . Metcalfe is now coaching at Xavier University in New Orleans. —^fc— Rain halted the tennis match between the Beta’s and the Phi Delt’s last night just as the Beta’s won the first game of the second set. . . the first set went to the Beta’s at 6-2 .. . should the Phi Delt’s win this game they will tie the Phi Psi’s for first place in the intramural participation trophy race ... Just what will be done in this case will have to be decided by the two fraternities and the intramural department.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
R. a EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 106 inme St West Lafayette
8 Pasff SM^if^ing Examiners’ Test
Betty Arnold, Jean Fieka, SfhffB MacDermid, ItfargaretMathes, Jtdia Moore, and Helen StefTee have anceessfully passed the life saving examiners’ course, which was given evenings by Homer Allen of the men’s physical education department Mrs. Harriet Kohlmeyer and Helen Ellis, of the department of physical education for women, also successfully paased the test, which required a minimum of 8 to 10 hours' work. Many of the co-eds who took the course have received positions as life guards and swimming instructors in summer camps and at various pools. ,
Rain Halts Beta, Phi Belt Tennis Match
Due to rain which halted the in-ter-fraternity class “B” tennis doubles between the Beta’s and the Phi Delt’s yesterday, the winner of the interfratemity participation trophy is still undetermined. The Phi Delt team, composed of W. F. Berg and H. L. Scott, lost the first set' 6-2. They also lost the first game of the second set to the Beta team, D. P. Morse and R. O. Juve, before the weather made it impossible to continue. The match has been tentatively postponed until today. Should the Beta’s win this contest, the Phi Psi’s will have undisputed possession of first place in the participation trophy race.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heatons SS Tears in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
PEDESTAL
QUIET FAN
hy
0
GENERAL ELECTRIC
The best fan yon’vs^ ever seoil
Throws it’s cording breezes far and wide. May be placed anywhere to provide co^ refreshing ''omfort at the touch of a switch. - ‘Now on diqday in our store. Available SQ three sizes: SMALL, MEDIUBi, LARGE. Prices start at $18.45.
HAYWOOD’S
5th and
Sts.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
BAG
$8.95 VALUE
This gladstone is a pace maker for value! Strong, heavy genuine split cowhide ... a bear for wear! Shape-retain-ing steel frame. Pyroxylin water-proofed. Has the looks, details, and wearing qualities of a $10.00 gladstonel Black or brown. 24x13x8 inches.
flARS ROEBUCK AND CO.
Lafayette, Ind.
}
<1 '-if;
;..M>THB3 PtmBUE EX^»ONElSfT
WBAA
—THURSDAY— 11:00—Charlotte Friend Stweart, 11:16—Birth of the News. 11.80—Principles of Bookkeeping, L G. Minier. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Give Us A Song. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Tune. 12:30—The American Scene 12 •46—^Market and Weather Reports. 1:()0—Arsene Summers, contralto. - 1:16—Radio Travel Review. 1 -SO—Edith Hines. 1:46—^Treasure Chest.
—FRIDAY— 11:00—Raymond Ziegler. 11:15—The Traveler and His Magic Caurpet. 11:30—Frank Triboulet. tenor. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time 12 :S0—Athletic Review, Bob Heine 12:46—^Market and Weather Reports. 1.00—^Afternoon Melodies. 1:15—Men Behind The Classics. 1 -SO—^Melody Time 1 -45—Mrs Hubert James.
University To Give Custodians’ Course A two-day conference and short course on school building and school ground management for custodians and caretakers of Indiana schools will be held at the University, June 15 and 16, it was announced today by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. The conference will be under the auspices of the engineering extension department and the department of education. Speakers on the program will include H. F. Brinkley, superintendent of buildings and grounds, Muncie; W. T. Miller, associate professor, heating and ventilation; J. D. Hoffman, professor of practical mechanics; A. Swope, associate professor, trade and industry; Frank Hockema, assistant to the president; R. B. Hull, associate in horticulture; and Professor Knapp, all of Purdue.
Thupaday, Jttn6 S, 193?
If all the girls at the University of Wisconsin purchase shorter skirts in prospect for eoming seasons, it will mean that 150 sheep will be thrown on relief* says Aldro Lingard, “slide-rule sage.”
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—adding MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all maehines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.. Phone 2779.
Wanted—Summer school student, 2 for room or one for room and board. 221 Waldron.
36 Name Cards—^26c. Choice of types. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street. Phone 5206.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After S p.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —BAKER.
N. Y. A. Workers—^N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are now available in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE
A. S. M. E. Seniors—Get letters from Ed-
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
die at instrument room in steam laboratory by June 4. —WBLDY.
Skull and Crescent—Sophomores who ordered keys get them at the Sigma Phi Epsilon House. Others may order at any time before June 8. —HARDIN.
Purdue Flying Club—All ship payments and fees must be in by June 6. —DOSTAL.
Engineering Students
Students who
have copies of Enrineering Physical Metallurgy may obtaiiT additional pages after 4 p. m. Friday afternoon, June 4 in room 114 of Heavilon Hall.
—HEYER.
Registration Woricera—Students who wish to work for the registrar during September registration should file application at the registrar’s office before leaving town. —STONE.
Gimlet—Members may obtain Gimlet keys at the Sigma Chi house before June 6. —HODGDON.
Wesley Foundation—Morning watch service at the foundation house June 3 at 7:80. Rev. William McFadden will speak. —PARSONS. \ Commencement Tickets—Those who havh asked for extra commencement tickets get
them at the Union desk.
—OHAVER.
P. E. W.—All locks should be turned in and lockers emptied by June 6. —HAZBLTON.
Scrivener Club—All members, old and new, report to Scrivener office between 1 and 6:30 p. m. June 3 for distribution of magazines. Those who have not yet turned in collections should do so at that time. —BROCK.
Regiistration Workers — Students who wish to work for the registrar during September registration should file application at the registrar’s office before leaving the city. —STONE.
Chemical Engineers — Sophomora^inS junior chemical engineers who expect to register in the fall must report to room
KEYS Keys for Trunks, door locks. Desk locks. Night latches dnd padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
Rehearsals for Danee Revue SATURDAY, JUNE 5 Children enrolled in ballet or tap classes anytime from September to date* and wishing to take part in our revue report Saturday at usual time. Adult class rehearsals Friday eve* June 4th. Classes in our Summer School for children and adults in Ballet and Tap open Friday, June 18. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Flowers from Clark's for Formats CLARK'S FLOWER SHOP 527 MAIN ST. PHONE 5432
101 in Heavilon BThll and make out schedules. —BRAY.
Junior Chemicals—The following, who have not yet^made out schedules for next seemster, are expected to do so immediately: H. W. Anderson, Barrett, Baugh, Borton, Coe, Egli, Engleton, Favorite, Goodman,, Greiner, Grubb, Haldane, Hockman, Jenkins, Jones, Keppler, Kriegbaum, McDonall, Martin, Masanz, Metz, Oberle, Paul-
lus, Pforzheimer, Phillips, Prien, BaSsner, Reveal, Schenk, Scholle. Shafer. Shonkwiler, Steinfeldt. Taylor, Thiel, Wantland, Ward, Wiegandt, and Wren. I —MILLER^ Advanced Military Students—Travel orders for all juniors and seniors attending ROTC Camp this summer ate in their boxes. Remove them at once and take thedt to camp. —HAYFORD.
Portrait of Two Gentlemen Wearing Palm Beach Suits Passing a White Building
^PufCrnt lijncLch ))/y
You can tell they’re cool
SiOMAiHST
CLOTHES SHOP INC,
$$ CASH $$ For Your Used Textbooks We Wont 10600
CO-OPERATIVE Textbook Exchange We Pay 80% of the Resale Price
DISCONTINUED Textbooks . Highest Cash Prices Will Be Paid by Wholesaler June 7, 8, and 9 •
SOUTHWORTH’S