_1
Go-ed Debate Team Meets Micbigan
Dean Stratton To Preside At Fii:«t Gonfer- ' ence. Debate
K^epBffJheCrm Drive Degijts Today
The TJjniversity co-ed affirmative debate^ team will meet the University of Michigan negative team tonight at 7:30 m Eliza Fowler Hall. This will be the first conference debate for the affirmative team which met the Indiana Unir versity team at Brookston High School Monday night in a nondecision debate. The subject is; “Resolved, that the United States should support the League of Nations in the enforcement of its sanctions provided for in the covenant of the League.” Dean Stratton bean Dorothy C. Stratton will preside at tonight’s debate with Prof. A. D. Huston, co-ed forensic coach at Illinois University, rendering the decision. Members of the University team are Florence Hester, Jennie Bosco, and Elizabeth Maier. Prof. Arthur Secord will accompany the Michigan team composed of Grace Kemp Gray, Mary Esther Burns and Barbara J. Lutts. Mary Wien, Virginia Sidwell and Helen Broderick, members of the University negative team, accompanied by L. S. Winch, instructor in the division of speech and Mrs. H. K. Carmichael, coach, debated the University of Cincinnati co-ed team at Cincinnati 0., yesterday afternoon. This debate was a non-decis-ion one as it was arranged extra to the conference schedule.
Ohio State
Tonight this team meets Ohio State’s team in a conference, decision debate at Columbus, 0., after which they Avill return to Lafayette. These negative debaters also met Indiana University at Indianapolis Monday night in a non-decis-
ion debate.
“Give 'The brass A Chancej Keep bn The Walks’’ is the ffibgan of the Student Senate in its drive to prevent serious damage to the Sod on the canipus during this sloppy weather. Cards will be placed in conspicuous spots all over the campus this morning t® remind the eds and co-eds to protect the grass. President Elliott has also made a personal plea for the strict observance of their rule by all students in view of the possibility of permanent damage to the carefully tend-
ed lawns of the campus. ,
Skariatina To Talk For Last Con VO Mar. 12
Dist&ihorstf Eckman In Robbery Case
Stuart bistelhorst, E.E. ’80, and Dave Eckttian, Ch. E. .’35, were arrested last week and held for questioning a,s suspects in a $3,0p0 , rob-
Former Coimtess Will Speak On “Russia. Yesterday And Today” :
bery of the Saint Joseph (Michigan) Gas Co., according to word received yesterday, but they were later released following the confession of the company’s janitor. Icy roads forced Distelhorst to turn back after he had started for Lafayette to see the Northwestern basketball game on Saturday, February 16, and he visited the office of Eckman, who is cashier of the Gas Company. As they passed the offices later that nighty Eckman noticed that the lights were out and he stopped the car, turned on the lights, and drove away after bid ding the time to an officer who was passing. The convictions of the two Chicago detectives who cross-exam ined the two alumni were made stronger by the fact that they had
Marionettes Here Monday
C. Ray Smith’s famous Olvera Street Marionettes from Los An geles, Calif., will present two per formances Monday in the Educa tion Building of the Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette. The puppet show is being brought here by the Lafayette Little Theatre Association and arrangements are being handled by a committee headed by Elsie Heath. The afternoon performance which will begin at 4 o’clock will feature “Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer” and a “Marionette Circus” while the
On Thursday evening, March 12, Irina Skariatina, formerly CounteSs Keller, will speak here in the final of the series of eight all-Univer-sity convocations in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. on “Russia Yesterday and Today”. Her intittiate knowledge of most every phase of Russian life, and her enthusiasm and personality promises to provide a very interesting address to the students and faculty members. The former maid of honor for Empress Marie Feodorovna and the ill-fated Alexander was born in weath and luxury to one of the most powerful families of Russia; her ancestors being at one time Prince of Paskevitch, Viceroy of Poland, Prince of Warsaw, Count of Erivan, and Grand Field-Mar-shal of Russia. The countess served as a nurse during the war and at one time whs held prisoner of the Bolsheviks, but later rescued by the American Relief Administration and legally obtained a passport to leave the country. Returned To Russia In the autumn of 1932, she returned to Russia and made a tour of the country, visiting her former home and hospitals, creches, canitoriums, schools, churches, as well as attending several political meetings during the Russian celebration of the Fifteen Years of Revolution. In 1931 she published a book entitled “A World Can End” which won immediate attention because of its amazing contents. Since then she has published “A World Begins”, “First To Go Back”, in 1933; Little Era In Old Russia”, in 1934; and in 1935 she published her fifth book concerning her impressions of the great dictators and also of her second visit back to the Bolshevik
country.
Prom Tickets To Go On Sale
Applicatioiis Available TomoFrow At 4 In Stii' dent Senate Office:
been in each other’s company the Friday night and also the Sunday night jfolloVing the rob-
bery,'
Cross-Examined Last Wednesday both; Distelhorst and Eckman, along with the janitor, were taken irito custody and, through severe cross-examination, they had the three mixing up dates and contradicting former statements, ^ • Thursday afternoon the janitor disclosed the spot where the stolen money had been secreted and confessed to the robbery. But Friday he pleaded “Not Guilty” to the charge. Mistake! In a letter to H. V. Heuser, Exponent Editor, Distelhorst said “I used to think that when I left school, excitement and thrills would be over and I’d settle down to humdrum existence, but, oh my, what a mistake! These two Chicago detectives made a fraternity hell week look like Sunday school.” Distelhorst, a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon, was editor of the Bold and Black column during his senior year. Eckman is a member of Phi Kappa Tau. -
CORRECTION
March 14 instead of March 4, as was announced in yesterday’s Exponent, will be the deadline for the Varchase of the 1936 Debris. However, since they are available through contracts which call for no money down before May 1, there need be no delay in signing up. No books will be available unless signed for before March 14.
Wabash Rises 6.5 Feet Over Flood Level
W.R.AUenTo Speak At 4 ■ :
L. S. Ayres’ Personnel Director Will Explain Job Application Letters
Gushing Ice, Water On Rampage As Indiana Rivers Overflow Banks
Distribution of permits for junior proni tickets will begin at o’clock tomorrotw afternoon in the Student Senate office, and will continue between the hours of 4 and 5:30 each afternoon until March 14. All juniors and seniors desiring: tickets must present their schedule cards sometime during this two weeks period and secure their permits, which in turn must be presented at the cashier’s office. In order that the prom may be kept a junior-senior dance, a new plan is being inaugurated this year whereby all persons purchasing tickets will have their pictures attached. The pictures will be taken at the time of application for permits, and will be attached at the time that the tickets are distributed. It is hoped that by this method the problem of eliminating outsiders will be solved. A complete list of the rules governing the purchase of tickets appears elsewhere in this issue, and in order to avoid congestion, they should be followed in detail.
a
Hears Stewart
evening performance starting at 8 o’clock will give a “Continental Variety Show” in addition to a repeat of “Huck Finn”. Tickets are priced at 36 cents for adults and 10 cents for children. The puppets are very unusual as their faces are exact reproductions of the faces of famous movie stars. In the “Huck Finn” shOw, puppets resembling Mickey RoOney, Jackie Cooper, Shirley Temple, Stepin Fetchit and Edna Mae Oliver will be used, More than 100 marionettes will perform on the large 14foot stage in this show. The stage is equipped with an amplifying system to broadcast the speeches of the marionettes. “The Continental Revue” will include scenes from “Gay Broadway” to “Harlem Jungles”, including a scene in Hollywood where Prof. Einstein is directing Greta Garbo despite interruptions by Mae West. This company set ah all-time record in Los Angeles, presenting -a show every evening for the last five years in the Olvera Street theatre.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Delta Upsilon announces the pledging of J. Sines, Lafayette; J. L. Young, Lafayette; M. A. Schreyer. South Bend; E. T. Runcie, Chicago; and H. L Stanback, Owens boro, Ky. '
Dr. Hass To Adflress Sigma Xi Toniglit
Dr, H. B, Hass, of the Chemistry department will address a meeting of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial bnion Building. Dr. Hass will discuss “Synthesis from Natural Gas Hydrocarbons”. Tohight’s meeting is the first in a series of talks designed to explain phases of research work done on the campus by faculty members. Dr. Hass plans to describe some of the discoveries he has made on the synthesis of organic compounds. Prof. E. W. Lane, of the University of Iowa, will address the Sigma Xi members on March 3.
XI SIGMA PI ANNOUNCES PLEDGING OF FOUR MEN Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry fraternity, announces the pledging of the following students: G. E. Brown, Hammond; K. B. Swinford, Indianapolis; C. L. Baum, Knights town; and R. L. Burkhart, Indianapolis.'
“This institution could close tomorrow and pay every cent that it owes,” said R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, at a banquet held by Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary fraternity, in the Home Economics Building last night. Mr. Stewart explained where the money comes from to run the University, how the budget is planned, arid the procedure that is necessary in proportioning the funds to the various departments. Following the main talk, an informal discussion was held in which Mr. Stewart told why it is necessary to conduct certain phases of the University, such as the green houses and creamery, on a business basis.
Water heighth of the Wabash River reached 21 and one-half feet above its ordinary level, 6.5 feet above the flood level, here last night at midnight, it was reported by the U. S. weather station at the University, and the water was rising Steadily at two inches an hour. All indications pointed towards the biggest flood in Lafayette, and vicinity since the memorable flood of 1913, when the Main Street bridge was w:ashed out by the water that raised to a level of 32 feet. Several times during the last ten years the flopd level has been exceeded seven to eight feet, and last night great torrents' of water and ice came gushing down from the north at a dangerous speed; thus endangering the three local bridges as it rose steadily all day and up
to 12 o’clock.
MISS COX GETS HOME DEMONSTRATION JOB Miss Fannybelle Cox, of Posey county. University 1933 graduate, has been appointed district home demonstration agent to serve in Orange and Martin counties. This appointment is to become effective March 1. Miss Cox has been an outstariding 4-H club girl and county club leader, and is well qualified for home demonstration-^work:
Pr©m Ticket Rules
Treasure Hunt Mixer
Featured at the Union mixer Saturday night will be a treasure hunt, with a worthwhile prize going to the couple collecting the most treasure. The treasure hunt, beginning at 10:30, will be held entirely in the Union building. In addition, this will be a leap year dance, with Kenny Ebershoff and his Gold and Black Aces as musicians. Decorations will be on the order of those used for the Riverters’ Rassle.
1. Juriiors and seniors are the only undergraduates that will be allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only 26 tickets will be allotted to graduate students and members of the faculty. 3. In order that arrangements for out of town dates may be made, announcement of distribution of tickets will be made on or before March 27. 4. Permits for tickets wilt be distributed starting February 28, and will close March 14. These permits will be distributed at the Purdue Memorial Union, daily from 4 to 6:30 p. m. 5. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for the pictures. 6. If the application is certified it will be taken to the cashier’s office in University Hall, where the applicant will sign permit, before the University cashier stating that he only will use the ticket for which he is applying. He will then pay the University cashier $4.00, the price of a ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. 7. At the close of the two weeks’ period on March 14, all the paid applications will be arranged in alphabetical order. Tickets will be assigned in numbers corresoriding to the alphabetical arrangements of the applicants’ names, that is, ticket number one will be assigned to applicant whose name begins with Aa, etc. 8. Some time during the week (following week) of March 16 to 21, announcement will be made in the Exponent listing those individuals who will receive tickets. Actual distribution will be made after spring vacation, at which time tickets will be given out at the cashier’s office in exchange for the receipt. Also, the applicants will have their personnel pictures attached to their ticket. 9. If the holder of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on the ticket, the individual will not he admitted to the dance, also the name of the original purchaser of the ticket will be turned over to the executive department of the University for disciplinary action. 10. In order that it may be kept a junior-senior dance, a suitable method controlling pass-out checks will be tised to insure against their transferal. "
Colder And Clearer According to weather bureau reports, today will be colder and clearer as the barometer was steadily rising last evening. A total of 2.96 inches of water fell here between 7 p. m. Tuesday and 7 p. m.
last night.
Tuesday morning the people of West Lafayette woke to find that their basements were filled with water because sewers were too full to take care of the night’s rainfall and melting ice. Also the circle boUlivard north Of the Mecb(anical Building was completely surrounded with water 1 and one-half feet deep; however, by 2 o’clock in the afternoon the drain had removed all of this excess water. Several bridges in this vicinity were washed out by ice gorges. Last night the Wabash was once again full of slabs of ice.
W. R. Allen, personnel director for L. S. Ayras & Company, of Indiariapolis, wiU address the fourth of a series of employment lectures on a subject entitled “Letters of Application and the Interview” this afternoon at 4 o’clock in'Eliza Fow-
ler Hall.
Last year, Allen gave one of the most interesting and useful addresses to the University seniors on “Approaching the Eriiployer”. He is a nationally known figure in the personnel field and aptly fitted to show the pointers to all applicants who iriterview for positions in any field. Harvard Graduate Following his graduation from Harvard in 1919, Allen worked in the advertising field for five years and then was appointed employment manager of the Filiene Department Store, of Boston. During his two years as employment manager of Filiene’s, he performed outstanding personnel work, particularly in employment procedures. This work led to his appointineri, as personnel manager of Ayres. Alleri was named as technical expert on the National Labor Relations Board in Washington, D. C., last year; and also acted as a special investigator during the cotton textile strike, at which time his work was credited as being one of the main factors in settling that
situation.
Choir To Sing At Zionsville
Co-eds Give Leap Year Tea Dance
Cb-eds of the University took advantage of leap year and invited eds to a tea dance which was held in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock. Lillian MUrphy was in charge of plans for the dance which was sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith club. An amplifying system was installed to furnish recordings of well-known orchestras. The chaperones for the dance included Miss Margaret Beeman, Prof. Laura B. Hadley, Prof. Amy Howe, and Dean Mary L. Matthews.
The University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing at the Zionsville Methodist church Sunday evening at 7 o’clock, The choir will present the same type of variety program which it has been giving in other out-of-town concerts. Soloists will include Josephine Friend, Riley Shuttleworth, and John Brubaker. Eddie Mae Browne will play violin selections for the program, and J. Robert Hammond will be the accompanist. Members of the choir win be entertained at a dinner given by the 3?^oung people’s oi^ganization of the church at 5:30 Sunday evening. Rev. Earl Heinberger is pastor of the church. John Brubaker, manager of the choir, is in charge of the trip. The group will leave in a chartered bus at 3 o’clock Sunday afternoon.
A. P. Stewart Will Lead Farm Bureau Music
A. P. Stewart, Univerffity director of music, will go to Indianapolis today to take charge of the music for the sixth annual social and educational conference of the Indiana Farm Bureau, which will be held at the Claypool hotel today and tomorrow. Stewart will conduct classes for training song leaders, and is in charge of the music at all of the sessions. Mrs. Stewart will be featured as soloist for assemblies at the conference this afternoon and tomorrow morning.
Third Union Forum Scheduled Tonight ■
University students will attend the third of a series of open forums in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock. The group v^ll continue the discussion of “Contempor*tty Philosophy”, which was begun at the meeting two weeks a^. Tonight, however, the personal phases of philosophy will be considered, and each person will contribute some ideas considering his own philosophy. M. G. Walther, chairman of the forum two weeks ago, will lead the discussion tonight. The meeting is open to the general public.
Prof. Hockema To Speak Before Ohio Alumui
Prof. P. C, Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, will make a series of three addresses concerniug new dev-elop-ments at the Universi^ before Purdue Almnni clubs'^in Ohio today and tomorrow.
ISA
mm
I r
ISm
iiMember of National CollcKe Press Association. Big Ten Editorial Association Erclnsirely Represented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by lOaii, $3.B0 per year ; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Bnsiness Phone BOSS
MAIN OFFICE—S12 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone B087
Daily Student Publication of Putdue University
■ EDITORIAL STAFF '■ Editor-in-Chief — AL Reuser Managing Editor..™ v" a.ssociaie W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. WaltHer Sports Editor...... :.. ...N. E. Hays Associate Sports Editors..... D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood SigihomOre Assistants K, A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. -H, Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion, G. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Harz Bold and Black Editor......... ...W, R. Abbott
Torn between cp-e^, tea clanceS;^ arid Efi labs, the Ed is put| WIECH-JR., defainer of co-eds arid anti-tea dancer, takes the Wheel. Who does Jane Lominel go with, anyway ? McCohnell and Bill’s girl sure stick together—I wonder if there is anything between them besides gdmf
Business Manager..... Advertising Manager.... Advertising Assistants.. Circulation Manager....; Circulation Assistants...
Editor...Associate Editors..... Advertising Manager—
BUSINESS STAFF : ; W. A. Koch ; „.....H. F. Antonini — — ..—.L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D.. C. Miller R. J. Hulse j. G. Girard, G. R. Shields WOMEN’S. STAFF . , Joyce Williams ..Helen Greech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ; Josephine Perkins
Thursday, February 27, 1936.
Issue Editor—J. L. von Harz.
Ballyhoo— And More Ballyhoo When movie actresses are divorced and dancers sue millionaires for a few cool millions, America takes an interested glance at the art work on Hearst’s front pages and then proceeds to forget about the matter just as quickly. The unconscious reaction reflects that someone’s press agent conceived a brainstorm, made the front page, and will soon make an attempt to capitalize on it. Many of the happenings that shduM be placed in the advertising columns instead of in the editorial copy become more subtly veiled in the process of publication. Recall the very recent public declaration of Will Hays that made page one throughout the nation. His denial that he had interfered with the filming of the picture, “It Can’t Happen Here,” Sinclair Lewis’ story of an American dictatorship, caused a general uproar. Now the controversy has ended. Hays says “It never happened”, and the story has received publicity that is almost priceless. Millions that don’t care whether it can or it can’t happen, and who never heard of Lewis, Will gladly pay three cents a day to read a book that has been suppressed. We predict “It Can’t Happen Here” will be a real irioney maker for the future. How many have heard of “Tobacco Road” ? The show had a lengthy run at the playhouses of large cities, but it is doubted that groups of Purdue students would plan a week ahead of the showing to travel to Indianapolis had the mayor of Chicago hot seen fit to declare the play immoral. Although the copious publicity accorded this show is not entirely similar to the other illustration, it nevertheless produced the same effect. All around us is ballyhoo ; continuous, relentless, persuading ballyhoo. The ballyhoo that reaches the offices of a college paper is enough to fill the pages every day. Government literature has reflected the smile of prosperity since the beginning of the depression; the railroads want to be petted; the utilities seek to kill the Holding Co. Act; a comedian spends $5,000 for $5,000 worth of advertising. Ballyhoo may turn knocks into boosts. Like the publicityseeking co-ed who requested that she be written up in the scandal column ; it didn’t matter what was said—just so it mentioned the name. Yes, there is good ballyhoo, but the big job comes in trying to separate the good from the bad. Brisbane Is Right Amid the constant uproar in the far-East concerning the relations of China and Japan, an American correspondent for the Associated Press sends important news that the Japanese are planning to annex another section of China. Although in S3nmpathy with the Chinese, America likely will pursue the wise course and remain aloof from the trouble which is sure to come. The Japanese, as a matter of necessity, are constantly striving to enlarge their empire, giving them more land on which their 65 million people may live, more natural resources for domestic uses, and greater commercial possibilities. China is a large country and abounds in natural resources, especially coal, and it is only natural for the Japanese government to follow the course of least resistance and impose upon China by stealing the latter’s land. Out of the otherwise gloomy situation arises one cheery note. Arthur Brisbane, in one of his recent columns, says, “After Japan has ‘used’ China'for several generations, the Chinese will absorb the Japanese and ‘use’ them, having absorbed their energy. Sixty-five million Japanese can not swallow four hundred million Chinese and digest them; 400,000,000 can digest 65,000,000, and will.” Regardless of our agreements and disagreements with many of Mr. Brisbane’s ideas, we must concede that his view of this situation is a logical one.—A. M. C.
The outstanding “love-affair^’ of the season, the Challis-Cleveland combination, is still going strong— going someplace (we hope). The snoopers are losing their grip—this one is a little late, but here ’tis anyway. Alpha Chi pledge Thomas is the recipient of the most beautiful Sig Nu pin you ever saw, that is, if you like Sigma Nu pins. . WARNING ! ! ! To all those interested in Pi Phis (if any)—^the hot-water header at the Pifl house has been broken since Monday. Four days without a hot shower doesn’t sound very enticing. Just think what the boys going to their dance will have to put up with. Make the Corsages strong' boys, you’ll need it. Town-gal Sexson is advertising cheap baths at her place, but so far they haven’t taken her up. 00— Will the “Johnny” that called Jean Perkins last week and dated her for Cptillion call back. She can’t go—gotta test Saturday. —Paid Advertisement. “Lefty” Martin’s Queen and our Prom Queen is rumored to be heading this way for the week-end— There’s nothing like an “import” for Prom Queen. Pifi Dawson and “Play-boy” Pate took first prize in the Sweet Shop “hand holding” contest last week. “Little Spark” Harding and “Whatta Man” WOod (Little Larry to you) were in there for a close second. And don’t forget what Dr. Miller said about necking! That goes for Glenn Martin and Sexson, too. Sexson can take a bath now and then so j guess it wasn’t so bad. Why were the clothes and stuff of Betty Simpson’s “Rosie” Butz moved over to the Theta Hoo?
Purdue Ghristian Foundation Will Hold Banquet Tomorrow evening approximately 200 students and faculty mem-, hers of the Purdue Ghristian Foundation will attend their ninteenth anniversary banquet in the parlors of the First Christian chiirch at 6 o’clock. Mr. A. E. Kremmer will act as toastmaster in carrying but a theme of “Leap Year Proposals”, while Prof. F. R. Hall, of the University history and economics department, will give the principle address on a subject entitled “Expostulations”. Other speakers will include Miss Ruth M. Heywood, president of the co-ed class; Miss Alice F. Ford, president of Kappa Beta, co-ed honorary; Wayne W. Meyers, president of The Twelve, ed honorary; Findley C- Nicholson, president of Christian Endeavor; also Mrs. Viola C, Murphy, pianist, and Miss Mary A. Godfrey, contralto, will play and sing.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
College—^Proving Ground (The Creigtonian) “Hey, buddy, willya loan me your pen?” Thus the new student receives his initiation into the great art of mooching. Starting at registration time, with the borrowed pen, the accomplished moocher can carry on until graduation with the borrowed “mortar board.” A recent article in the New Yorker told of the “big-time moocher,” who can go for days at a time without any expense to himself. One, more famous than his fellows, carried on for a week at a total expense of six cents. These big-time spongers no doubt get their early training in college, where they manage to go through, four years of school with very little outlay for luxuries such as cigarettes, paper, matches, pipe tobacco, pencils, pens or sandwiches. So, to those who lack experience in this thriving industry, weep not, for experience is a great teacher and there will come a time when you will be able to mooch anything from postage stamps to a new suit.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
»»*»»»»»»»■»»»»»»»»»»»»»»
in order Ulat
l!fS:t>onent refers inight express their, views; on vario^ subjecl^ pf general interest to
i'hie Ptiroue eommtihity. Con-
wibutoJrS .ehnnld send their naahiUscHptE to C. H. Campbell, the Purdue Exponent,
Lafayette.
Of Interest To The Uninspired It has been my misfortune, in my limited travels, to be haunted by individuals who have gone so far and seen so much that they can not enjoy, nor let others enjoy, the scant splendors of this earth. Perhaps I am too restricting when I limit my tirade to those who have gone places and seen; for there seem to be plenty of laymen who just refuse to be impressed by anything, no matter how inspiring. The most prevalent of these “kill joys” are those who, by some flip,pant remark, manage to dash icewater Upon the warmth of bur priceless exuberance which we enjoy for only a short second upon rare occasions. To some extent we become calloused to the affront of the wretches who insist upon spoiling our enjoyment Of a play, a book or a moying picture. You too, perhaps, have been pulled from the depths of dramatic ecstacy by such a remark as was passed to me by a companion while we viewed the picture “Mutiny on the Bounty”. I was hating Captain Bly with all my heart when the remark, “Don’t you think Charles Laughton was a scream in ‘Ruggles of Red Gap?’ brought me back to reality 'with a jerk and completely ruined the picture for me. But such experiences are too frequently occurring to give us serious or lasting concern. I can recall, however, twO incidents which were in a way not greatly different from the just mentioned “movie” affair, but which have left a lasting impression upon my mind, and which, from the time-they happened have caused me to dislike the persons who were responsible. We had spent a day and a half in climbing to the summit of Long’s Peak in the Colorado Rockies. It was high noon when we reached the half acre plateau which is sixteen thousand feet above the level of the sea. As we arrived at the top from the west slope we immediately walked across to look down the sheer east face, which is world famous for its impregnability. The sight was one which impressed me more than any I had ever experienced. The sun shone down upon the top of a misty cloud through which could be seen the emerald green of a lake at the bottom of the gorge far below. The combina tion reminded me of a jewel resting in a bed of cotton; I was in heaven —then a wit remarked, “I’ll bet anyone I can spit a mile”, and in a second I was back to reality. Another occasion upon which I found opportunity to hate a traveling companion was upon my visit to the Peace Palace at the Hague. Perhaps nowhere in the world, outside the galleries, is there such a collection of wonders from every corner of the world. An assembly room panelled in mahogany frOm Central America; immense crystal chandeliers, the gift of the Scandinavians; alabaster ware; oriental rugs; stained;-glass windows; and innumerable objects of art that make the place a paradise for the connoisseur. It was while reveling amid these wonders that I was given another jolt which thrust me from dreamland into reality. A college girl by my side remarked, quite seriously and without intent of malice, “Isn’t it swell? Just like the Balaban and Katz Theater at home.” -—Art Bradbury.
A ® C TODAY - FRlD,|i.Y - SATURDAY
^ Alpha Gamm^ Rho, Pi Kappa Plii, and Triangle fraternities Vrill entertain Saturday evening with a closed formal dance, at Allen’s balL, room. Ted, Metzger and his orchestra from Cleveland will play,
sb—
Pqlta SigmA Lambda fraternity ydlT btid d fOrrnai dUhce at the chapLti' house Saturday evetting; Orval Wray and his*^ orchestra will play. The affair is closed;
:--,V
A radio dance yrill be given by the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity Saturday evening after tFe basketball game. Sunday afterhoott, the Phi Taus will entertain the Pi Phis at tea.' ■ : ' ■'sb-^' Sunday afternoon the Chi Omegas will bo hostesses to the Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Sigma, and Sigma Nu fraternities at a tea from 3 to 6 o’clock. —sb— The Union ballroom will be the scene of the Pi Beta Phi formal supper dance tomorrow evening. Tables will be arranged around the floor in cabaret style. Bill Jones and his band will play for the affair which is a closed dance. —sb— Delta Upsilon state dance will be held in Indianapolis Saturday evening at the Athletic club. ■, —sb— The local chapter of Delta Tau Delta will send representatives to the Northern Division Conference this week-end.
Improve Your Dancing By EnFolIinsf iii Our New Advanced Class In Ballroom Dancing
Friday, Feb. 28, 7:00 p. m. Late Dances Taught
CHARLES STARRETT JOAN PERRY in “Gallant Defender” also “Adventures of ’ Rex and Rinty”
', several courses of the first flooT had been firtished. Tlie iVork oft the Administration Buildin'g has ftot proceeded as far as that of the Union aftd the workmen on that project are still busily engaged in pouring concrete.
Work On W FA Projects Proceeds More Rapidly The employnient of 111 men, top number employed on the job, has speeded the work on the two WPA projects of the University. Since the break in the cold wave, A. E. Kemmer, contractor for the two projects, has resumed work at full speed. Eleven brick layers and an equal number of hod carriers began work on the Union addition Friday. At
a NEW KIND-of a typewrlteT. . v
Mandaril in action Portable in size and iveiaht The finest portable typewriter in the world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in action. A truly universal typewriter-for personal or office use. Yet costs no more than on ordinary portable with similar equipment. Convenient payments if yoi. wish. . . *65 Th< SMITH-CORONA
TWO BIG FEATURES
Starts TODAY
Me eotaSd evade liihe law...but he seuldn’t elude remaneeS Louis Joseph Vance’s
li . _ _
Starts TODAY
.. NOT A HORROR PICTUBB BUT A mST OfJUSUAL LOVe STORY rne lovb and DBVOnONci' A WOMAN WHO LOVBO
A
LUMINOUS
MAN
7!
^fWHOLB City IS at his mercy CATCH HlhAiAT ALL COSTS / HE'S THE LUMINOUS MAN! ^mm STAR op '•FRANKBNSTBIM'’ KuL||C®SI stab c-t^pBACULAf
Prom the story by Douglas Hodges, former Lafayette and Purdue man, now Hollywood playwright.
EXTBAt BUSTER WEST TOM PATRICOLA , . in ‘Moonlight and Melody”Iowa' Prepares Fbl"' Satul*(iay’s Invasion
Kessl^r^ Elliott^ Lam* hert Play Lait College Home Game By S. R. Griffiths, Jr. Iowa’s surprising quiiltet will invade the Jeiferson high school gym Saturday night to Cohtest the Boilermaker right for a first place con'*' ference rating. Plenty of action iS promised for the game, which begins at 7:30 o’clock, especially as Kessler, of Purdue, and Rosenthal, of Iowa, perform for conference scoring honors. These teams present two well-oiled floor combinations which have shown sparkling performance all through the season. The Hawkeyes will probably use the same setup which worked so well in the first Purdue game and gave Boilermaker fans a momen' tary fear for their conference rating. Rosenthal will probably be the base of the Iowa attack and will no doubt be assisted by Van Ysseldyk and Suessens, sophomore guards. Speedy Attack Purdue will piesent its usual speedy attack and three members of its squad will play the last home game of their collegiate careers. They are “Red” Lambert, a back guard who has been a strong standby all season; Kessler, who is known wheiever collegiate basketball provides a topic of conversation for his tiieless energy and his sensational one-handed shots which have enabled him to pace the Big Ten scoring, and finally, haid playing Ed Elliott, who has worked himself up from the reserve lanks to a position of regular center. Although not an outstanding scorer, Ed has been a great help to the team with his accurate passing and excellent defense woik. Tickets Tickets for this last home game are going fast, but may still be purchased at the Purdue ticket office. Because of the freshman game, which begins at 6 o’clock, the doors will be opened at 5'30.
Zit/ST/M L/i/y?3£ffT “Red” Lambert, strong Purdue back guard who has turned in a notable performance all season, will play his last home game this Saturday in the game with Iowa.
Swimmers To Hold Meet
KEYS Keys for tiunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys and handle locks a specialty F. Jos. Mulhaupt <& Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
LONG WALKy IHTHECOUNTp:
Enjoy the freeiosn of these, iport oxfords.
i.&W.SiloeCjO.
By Bill Derner This evening at seven-thirty the Boilermaker splashers meet the strong Washington University swimming-team in the Memorial gym pool. The Washington squad from St. Louis, offers the closest competition of any dual meet so far encountered. They have just beaten Illinois Wesleyan by the surprising score of 62-21, showing the efforts of a well-balanced, multi-starred
team.
In the dashes Captain Vernor will have a dangerous rival in Varney who has the fastest times in the Big 6. The 220 promises to be another close race between Closson and Wallace of Purdue and Captain Meade of Washington. The times of these three men are all similar and past performances show that the winner will have to exceed all his pievious marks to win. Kerber is slated to do his bas^roking in his usual topnotch style. The relays are a toss-up as both teams have shown great potentiality in other meets and have chances of turning in better performances than earlier in the season, while the whole meet shows prospects of being one of the best natatorial battles of the season. Besides the men mentioned above Coach Larry LaBree has a suitable squad of dependable men. In the freestyle events Gillis, Stewart, and Whitcomb fillup the gaps around Veinor, Wallace and Closson. The breaststroke position is held by John Van Delester, while Davenport backs up Kerber in the backstroke. Davenport cooperates with Barnes in the diving events to complete the squad. Tomorrow the team goes to DePauw to splash towards a third victory over the swimmers from Greencastle. With the meet start mg at seven-thirty this evening spectators are urged to come early to watch this contest between the plungers from Washington Univer sity and the Purdue swimmers.
Fro* to Play Iowa PreUm, Swan, Mascari To Captain Green, Red Teams Another battle between the Green and the Red—^representing the uji and coming Boilermaker freshman basketball squad, will precede the lowa-Purdue game next Saturday night. The game, which begins promptly at 6 o’clock is an attraction to which every true Boilermaker fan looks forward, both for its display of fast, energetic play and for a preview of future varsity
stars.
Last week’s game showed considerable improvement in general scoring ability of the squad. Each man had his chance to play for at least a portion of the game and the total number of points earned almost doubled over the first game. High scorer for the Red team was Carl Swan of Tulsa, Oklahoma, with ten points earned out of twenty six points tried. Carl is the only man on the Freshman squad who does not live in Indiana and, inci dentally, will be acting captain for the green team in this contest, Hutt High on Greens Dale Hutt was the high point man for the Green team, also with total of ten points earned. Close runners-up to these men are Tony Mascari, who will captain the red team, of Terre Haute, Dude Zink of Monticello, and Ernie Miller of Rochester. Zink recently had an emergency operation for appendi citis and so will be unable to play in Saturday’s contest. The lineup for the game is as follows:
FRATERNITY ATHLETIC MANAGERS
Have your relay teams work out on the gym track this week. The carnival is only a week away. There will be a freshman manager there with stop watches and batons for
Green Team Swan (Cap’t Dickinson Anderson Verghne Dean Substitutes:
Red Team F Mascari (Cap’t) P Hutt C Downing B.G. Barsha F.G. Vernon For Green team
Miller, Higgins, Donovan, Lyboult, For Red Team—Gutting, Montague Mihal, Van Hoose. The tallest and heaviest man on the squad is Vergane who stretches to 6 feet 5 inches and tips the scales at 222 pounds. The lightest man on the squad is Mascari who weighs 143 pounds and is 6 feet 8 inches tall. The squad averages about 168 pounds in weight and about 5 feet 11 inches in height.
4- 4-
4- 4
4- 4-
4- 4-
4 4 4- 4 4- 4 4 BASKETBALL 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
Today
Court 1, Hutt 7:00—Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha “B”. 7:15—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon “B” 8:25—Delta Tau Delta Vs. Beta Theta Pi “B”. Court 2, Scrivnor 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta “B”. 7:15—Sigma Nu vs. Triangle “B” 8:26—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa “B”. Court 3, Borchelt 7:00—First Floor East vs. Third Floor East. 7:16—First Floor North vs. Second Floor North. 8:26—Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kap pa Alpha “A”.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lame-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St, Opposite New Post Office
A. M. lEION Dentist
£d jEc/UOTrEd Elliott will make his farewell appearance before a home crowd Saturday night and he will, no doubt, give them an exhibition of his excellent passing and under-the-basket work which will be long remembered.
BoRenuakW IMsAies Enter Cliiefigo Meet MlnitB Co^Capt^ili Mnere At 2:30 Saturday afternoon the Purdue trackmen meet tho University of Chicago team at the Chicago fieldhouse and once more a Boilermaker team will find a great obstacle in the hardy Maroon, Berwanger. Berwanger has two sturdy team-mates in Ellenwood and Beal. Ellenwood recently broke the indoor record for the 440 and Beal is one of the outstanding hurdlers in the middle-west. Berwanger is a co-captain of the cinder-men and performs in the shot-put. Purdue will be without one of its co-captains as Moore is out of action due to an injured ankle. His loss in the middle-distances will be felt to a great extent. The main load will fall on Captain Glendenning in the half mile and mile runs. In the dashes Stalcup, Delong, and Vaughan-Catt carry the Old Gold and Black. Lemen and Schilling run in the hurdles; Lemen, Blumen and Fifield in the 440;Glendenning, Terhune, and Soles in the half-mile; Goory, Janos, and Glendenning in the mile; Goory, Janos and Manion in the 2 mile run. The field events are to be headed by McGannon, pole-vaulting. Grant and Andres shot-putting, and Lemen, Williamson and Abercrombie doing the work in the high-jump.
Golf , /I AvdilRlylel'oSfiideitfi ^ I Students notv have a golf driving range at their disposal on fourth floor of University HaR. Th^ range, located at the south end of the building, is open daily after ^ p. m. Those who wish to use the cage must bring their own eluhs but One dozen ehea]i balls m&f ha checked out of the Intramural checkroom. This driving-range provides a chance for pre-season practice for those golfers impatient for the balmy breezes and green strips between the roughs.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity announces the pledging of W. F. Hutchinson, Princeton.
if a Sandwlcli a Drink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Woieeii’s Basketball Toiiraey Begins Today Intramural basketball games in a single round robin tourney will begin today at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Only girls who have attended two practices are eligible to play on one of the eleven teams from sororities, wards, and the Women’s Residence Hall, These teams will be divided into two leagues with winners of each competing for the championship in the final. Marjorie Charles, intramural co-ed basketball manager, will he in charge of the tourney.
She’ll Think Your Flowers Are Lovely A shoulder bouquet or corsage for the Formal Dance will mean a great deal to her. And if it is our bouquet, she’ll know it will be as beautiful at the end of the dance as at the beginning because it is properly made.
Darner’s fi
I Main at 7th
lower Shop
Stop In or Phone Vs
Phone 6050
DEWENTER’S Remodeling Sale Starts Thursday, Fchr«iary 2^7 One of the greatest buying opportunities we have ever presented
The Fact That We Carry the Followwing Nationally Advertised Items Will Give You Some Idea of the Magnitude of This Event
Stetson Hats —Lustray Shirts Dobbs Hats —Interwoven Hose
—Monito Hose
—Faultless Pajamas
—D’Orsay Ties
—Wilson Bros. Gloves
—Hayes Gloves
—Melton Hats —American Hats —Cheney Ties
—Monarch Jackets —Northbelt Jackets
—VanHeusen Pajamas —^Wilson Shirts-Shorts —^Arrow Shirts-Shorts —B-V-D Shirts-Shorts —Puritan Sweaters —Bradley Sweaters —Lamb Knit Sweaters
—Pioneer Susp. & Belts —Hickok Susp. & Bdts —^Arrow Handkerchiefs
—Arrow Ties —Arrow Collars —Osborn Gloves —Arrow Shirts
By far the majority have arrived for spring selling, the balance from our regular stock
Shirts and Shorts Arrows, Wilson, B. V. D. Hanes 65c Grade, Now 2 for.. $1.00 50c Grade, Now 3 for $1.00 3Sc Grade, Now 4 for. .95c $5.95 Corduroy Sport Coats Now $3.95 Belts and Suspenders 50c Grade, Now —39c 75c Grade, Now S5c $1.00 Grade, Now 79c
Sleeveless Sweaters Values to $1.50, Now 2 for $1.00
Young Men’s Cord Pants Values to $3.95 Sizes 28 to 32 $2.50 Men’s Sweaters Button and Zipper Styles $5.00 Value, Now $3.95 $3.95 Value, Now .$2.95 .95 Value, Now .$2.25 $1.95 Value, Now .$1.45
SHIRTS $2.50 Shirts, Now $1.85,2 for $3.50 $2.00 Shirts, Now $1.55,2 for $3,00 $1.65 Shirts, Now $1.25 $1.50 Shirts, Now $1.00 $1.00 Shirts, Now 2 for $1.50 This includes Whites in all but the $2.00 and $2.50 grades which are fancy only. All sizes, 14 to 18. PAJAMAS Faultless and Van Heusen Makes $5.00 Silk Pajamas, Now $3.95 $3,50 and $4.00 Grades, Now. $2.50 $2.50 Pajamas, Now $1.85 $1.95 Pajamas, Now $1.55 $1.50 Pajamas, Now $1.00
HATS
Stetson’s, Dobb’s, Melton’s American’s, Green’s, Alexander’s $6.50 Hats, Now ^ $4.95
$5.00 Hats, Now $4.00 Hats, Now.. $3.50 Hats, Now... $2.95 Hats, Now....
Men’s Ties Arrow, Cheney D’Orsay $1.50 Ties, Now $1.15 $1.00 Ties, Now 79c 2 for $1.50 65c Ties, Now 49c 2 for 95c
Gloves $3.50, Now $3.00, Now . $2.50, Now $1.95, Now .. $1.50, Now
$2.85 $2.35 $1.85 .$1.55 $1.00
.$3.95
.... $3.15
$2.85 $2.35
HOSE
Interwoven, Monito and
Other Makes
75c Hose, Now
50c
50c Hose, Now 35c, 3 prs....
... .$1.00
35c Hose, Now 4 prs
25c Hose, Now 3 prs
,... 50c
Flannel-Silk Robes 25% Off Priced from $3.95 to $12.00 Pants High Grade Woolens Many Slacks, Plain and Novelty Weaves $5.00 Grade, Now $3.95 $4.50 Grade, Now. . $3.45 $3.95 Grade, Now ... $2.95 Terry Cloth Sweaters 95c Grade, Now 2 for $1.00 Leather Jackets Button and Zipper Styles 55.95 Value, Now . . $4.95 $7.95 Value, Now . $5.95 $10.00 Value, Now . $6.95 $12.00 Value, Now .. $7.95
ALL SIZES FOR MEN AND YOUNG MEN
DEWENTER’S
StreetI’-siSil'.lte'-i’.ft'.u. iWlA'
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and snimeograph work done. C. F. libershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost — Black Scotch terrier. Named Kiltie. Reward. Phone 7910. 777 Russell, W. L.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Condition Exams in History—Exa^ for removal of conditions in all courses in history, economics and government will be held Saturday, March 7, 1 p. m., in room 813, Recitation Building. Application must be made prior to that time at the history office. Recitation Building. —ESTEY,
Chemistry Condition Exams—^Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —NELSON.
Condition Exam—An exam for the re moval of conditions in chemistry 1 will be given in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. m. AP' plication for permission to take this exam must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By spes cial arrangement an exam in chemistry may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST. P. I. A’. Orchestra—Rehearsal tonight at 7 in "tower room of Union. —DAY.
Union Committee—Our committees will meet in sub-basement of Union at 4 today.
—PUGH, OHAVER.
University Choir—^Retiearsal tonight at 7:30 in music room. —KTMMEL.
Mortar Board—Meeting this afternoon at in W. S. G. A. office. — LUSTIG.
Knitting Club—No meeting for three weeks because of Mrs. Links’ absence. Yarn and directions may be obtained from her shop as usual. —KUEHN.
Discussion Group—Meeting tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. The subject will be ‘‘personal Philosophy”.
—KUEHN.
W. A. A. Basketball—Following games are scheduled for today: Ward 2 vs. Alpha Chi Omega; Ward 1 vs. Alpha Xi Delta; Pi Beta Phi vs. Ward 4; Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 3. First two teams on floor will play first. Games begin at 4 o’clock.
—CHARLES.
W. S. G. A. .Activities Committee—The following girls please meet in W. S. G. A. office today at 4: Nichols, Misner, K. Thompson, R. Bush, Truax, E. Carter, J. Peek, Frazer, Pyke, M. Rose, Kidd, S. McKee. —HUTSON,
iVo Monday Classes; Dfo Eds At Western; Co~edPicks Purdue Adhere Strictly To Honor System In Exams' By Maxine Peters “There aren’t any Monday classes at Western College for Women,” Betty Simpson began. “That’s a holiday.” I gasped, and tightened my hold on my pencil. What further exceptional differences between her first college and her present one would this Purdue transfer have to tell me? “Then of course at Western there are no sororities and no men students on the campus. That’s a pretty big difference isn’t it?” I quick ly nodded complete agreement. But my ssrmpathies had been aroused too soon evidently. For Betty continued, “Still, Miami U.’s just a half mile down the road, and there are frequent datings between the two schools. We were allowed to attend any of the Miami dances and we had two a month to which we invited Miami men.” Restricting Dates Western has an involved, but apparently successful method of restricting dates. Pity the poor freshman! She is permitted to have only two night dates a week! A sophomore is less worthy of pity, for she may have three. Juniors are entitled to four night dates a week, and the lordly seniors are
not limited.
The time limit for dates is also more stringent than at Purdue. Week night dates must end at 10:15 p. m., Saturday and Sunday ones at 11, and three late nights n month are allowed with special permission—till 12 o’clock! Also, students are expected to be in bed by 10:30 nightly. Curiosity prompted me at this time to ask if such rules were rigidly obeyed. “Yonl fiai a certain per cent of “sneak dates” on any campus,” Betty answered.
W. A. A. Open Swim—No open swim this evening because of men’s varsity meet, Co-eds may attend the meet. —ELLIS.
DeMolays—Major W. H. Maris will address the regular DeMolay meeting tonight at the Masonic Temple, 622 Columbia St. at 7:30. All DeMolays are invited. —GLENN.
W. A. A. Council—Meeting in Women”s Gym at 7 :15. —DUNWOODY.
Freshman Engineers—Meet for engineering lectures by divisions as follows: Div A—E. E. Bldg.: Div. B—M. E. Bldg.; Div C—C. E. Bldg.: Div. D—Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
“There were some at Westeim^ of course, especially in the spring.
Bird Sanctuary
“The campus is one of the loveliest in the western states at that" time—^two hundred acres of woods and rolling stretches of grass. In one part of the grounds is a wellknown bird sanctuary. A nine hole golf course occupies another section. Arched bridges of rough stone are scattered over the whole campus. All this makes it pretty hard to obey rules. And it’s especially hard to comply with the compulsory chapel and church rules. Punishment for breaking these rules is strict ‘campus-ing’—^the student being confined to the campus only, Other infringement of rules may be punished by taking away dating privileges for a time. “If there are some lapses in this line, there are none at all in the system which Western has long employed! successfully—^the honor system. Students are placed upon their honor during all examinations. It isn’t uncommon for all instructors to be out of the building in which exams are being given. In fact, it’s considered something of an insult for an instructor to remain within the examination room.”
Self-Governing
Likewise, the students are almost wholly self-governing. A senior president is at the head of an organization which makes its own rules which are merely passed upon by the faculty. This idea was copied from Mount Holyoke, after which Western is patterned. “In fact,” and Betty laughed, “it’s a wellknown saying that when someone at Mount Holyoke coughs, someone at Western sneezes!” The ‘ aims of the two schools. Western and Purdue, differ widely. Social ease and grace and a liberal education are stressed at Western by means of formal dinners, teas, and receptions each week. Courses in music and dramatics receive much attention also, and many plays are produced in the school’s natural amphitheater.
places
•...taIce people so do clean, well pressed clothes Suits Cleaned and Pressed
Automotive engineers and manufacturers look to “appearance” to help put their product over... Personal Appearance, likewise, will work wonders for you.
CSSOE] pAyNBEy
FINE
CLEANERS
O F
FINE
CLOTHES
“But when it came to a specialization of courses—I found I would have to look for home economics at some other school. And, as you know—I found the course I wanted here at Purdue.”
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today Women’s Conference Debate, Eliza Fowler hall, 7:30 p. m. Student Union Forum, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, 7:30 p. m. Sigma Xi meeting, faculty lounge 7:30 p. m. P. I. A. orchestra practice. Tower room, 7 p. m. History section of Purdue Women’s club, faculty lounge of the Union, 2:30 p. m. Tippecanoe Council of the Boy Scouts’ banquet, ballroom of the Union, 6:30 p. m. Undergraduates initiation. Union
peasant room and Union faculty Tomorrow Pi Beta Phi dance. Union ballroqm 9 p. m. Round table banquet and program, Peasant room and faculty lounge, 6:30 p. m. Saturday Dance, Union ballroom, 9 p. m. Monday Home-craft luncheon and party. Union Peasant room and faculty Idunge, 1 p. m. Tuesday Marital lecture for senior co-eds only. Women’s lounge of the Forestry club. Horticulture building, 7 p. m. Lecture by E. W. Lane, lecture room,, Stanley Coulter hall, 8 p. m. French classes, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union 1:30 p. m. Art classes, Purdue Women’s club, faculty lounge, 9 a. m.
Youngr enough to be theoretical; old enough to be practical. RICHARD J, BATH WATCHMAKEE 608 Main St.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SUDDEN SERVICE
RINTING, OiFiee Stationery. Wedding Invitations
PHONE ~ Salas Books,Etc..., S 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408r-ERR/^|
□
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
LUCKIES-A LIGHT SMOKE
Camera Club—Meeting tonight in reception room of Union at 7:15. Print criticism. Bring your prints that you want discussed. —SCHOLER.
Carmita Choruses and Cast—Chorus 1 meet in ballroom at 4 today. Choruses 2 and 3 and cast meet in tower room at 4 today. —ANSPACH.
Skull and Crescent—Members get blanks for membership bids from Bill Musham at Phi Delta ‘Theta house immediately. —MUSHAM. Skull and Crescent—^Members get tickets for Cotillion from Emmett Phelps at Phi Saana Sigma house at once. —PHELPS.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Risk Dental Clinic -PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
Application Pictures Special $1.25 per dozen The Foster Shop Studio Opposite Purdue Union Phone 6725
RosenthaPs 322 Main St. Woni Slacks Pleated at waist New Ciyb Checks " $3.95 Rosenthal’s 322 Main St.
Luckies are less acid
Copyright 1936. The American Tobacco Compao;
Excess of Acldi'fyof Other P®pul«ar Brands Over LuckyStrike Cigarettes
z« « * 1 ? t A 1 1 ....T 1 1 1 1—: BALANCE / 1
■ 1 ‘ ■ ■ ■ i T ! '
1 LUCKY
STRIKE
; 1 !
/ ' !
I BRAN
D
B
V////////////////////////^^^ ' 1 *
! i
1 BRAN
D
c
1
1 BRAN
D
D
I |>Of»ylsirbrciiidt^kcsveeirt^<!«$sof ify over lycky Strike ef from t& 100^
Over a period of years, certain basic advances have been made in the selection and treatmentof cigarette tobaccosfor Lucky Strike Cigarettes. They include preliminary analyses of the tobaccos selected; use of center leaves; the higher heat treatment of tobacco ("toasting"); consideration of acid-alkaline balance, with consequent definite improvement in flavor; and controlled uniformity in the finished product. All these combine to produce a superior cigarette—a modern cigarette, a cigarette made of rich, ripe-bodied tobaccos—A Light Smoke.