I Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indickia, Thursday, October 21, 1937
NUMBER 33
750 Co-eds Dine As Work Conference Nears Close Approximately 750 Co-eds and guests attended the general session of the second Conference on Women’s Work anil Opportunities last night in the Union ballroom. Judge Florence E. Allen will colse the conference tonight with her address at the banxjuet to be held in the ballroom at 6 o’clock. During the day there will be three periods of discussion group meetings, beginning at 8:30, 10:30, and 2 o’clock. Co-eds may cut classes.
and laboratory periods to at-
Annual Lodde Speech Contest Registration Is Open To All Co-eds All co-eds interested may register for the Lodde co-ed speech contest any day this week after 4 o’clock in the debate office of the_Memorial Union Building. This is the tenth year that the contest has been sponsored by the Lodde Jewelry Store of Lafayette. Preliminary eliminations will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, October 26 and 27, while the final contest will take place October 28 in the Home Economics auditorium. The talks are to be 5 minutes loiig and may be on any of the following subjects: Campus Politics, Sorority Push, Important Campus Traditions, Graduation—Then What ? The Part Activities Play in a Student’s Program, Campus Manners, and What Relation Should Exist Between Students and Faculty? An engraved plaque will be awarded to the peison placing first in the contest, while the organization having the most points is allowed to keep the Lodde Cup for the following year. Any organization which wins the cup three successive years is given permanent possession of it. Seniors Lag For Daily Debris Photo Sittings Out of every day’s quota of 96 seniois supposed to have their Debris pictures taken, the average has been barely 70, according to Debris officials. If the average continues, onlj two-thirds of the class will have their pictures in this year’s annual.
/
Some seniors, it is true, have been unable to keep their appointments, due to legitimate reasons. If appointments have been missed, sophomore attendants at the Union Debris desk will make new appointments for sittings. All pictures must be taken by next Wednesday. Seniors are asked to turn in an activity chart, if they did not do this at registration. If they have turned one in already, they are to check it for correctness.
tend, officials stated last night. Dorothy Martenet, chairman of the WSGA ijocational guidance committee, opened last night’s meeting with an expression of the purposes of Women in seeking vocations. She introduced Margaret Richey, who irf turn introduced Dr. Lillian Gilbreth. More Frontiers “Reriiember, there will always be more frontiers beyond for those who wish to seek them,” was the final advice of Dr. Gilbreth in her discussion of Frontiers in Business and Industry.” To this Dr. McHale adds, “Once having a goal with effort, the rest is easy.” To those interested in home economics Mrs. Gebhard gives this suggestion, “The most interesting jobs are those we create for ourselves, places where imagination and enthusiasm can work their best miracle.” From 28 years of nice breeding under perfect environmental conditions Dr. Snyder brings us the assurance once cancer is bred out of a race it never occurs again. She pointed out that in research work one is working toward the improvement of man to enjoy life at its best. Union Postpones Bridge Class Scheduled For Today Bridge lessons which were Scheduled to start today in the Union Building have been postponed because of the women’s placement service dinner this afternoon. Free contract and duplicate bridge lessons will start on October 29 in the game room of the Union Building iat 7:15 p. m. Union officials announced yesterday that there is still loom for a limited number of persons in the series of classes. Bridge players should sign up in the Union office any day after 4 o’clock. Co-eds To Choose Partners With Flowers For Tea Dance Only eds with flowers given them by co-eds will be admitted at the free Union tea dance Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the ballroom. Each co-ed will be given two flowers upon entering. She may then give these to two different boys, or keep one flower if she desires. The tea dance committee especially urges freshmen to attend the dance.
8:30 Sessions kousehold Equipment: Mrs. Lenore Sater in faculty loupge. Psychological Guidance and General Counseling: Dr. Gladys Frith and Miss Helen Dernbach in room F. Radio: Miss Judith Waller in women’s lounge. Scientfic Research: Miss Maria Telkes, rooms 1 and 2 of Union Builditig. Social Security Program: Miss Lavinia Engle, peasant room of Union. 10:30 Sessions Commercial Food Work: Mrs. Clara G. Snyder, faculty lounge. Industrial Management: Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, rooms 1 and 2. Interior Decorating: Mrs. Mary Turpin, women’s lounge. Laboratory Work: Fred Willis, in reception room. Recreational Leadership; Miss Dorothy Epderis, peasant room. Social Sciences; Dr. Marguerite Albjerg, room F. 2 O’clock Sessions Commercial Photography; Miss Marian Stephenson, faculty lounge. Editorial and Demonstration Work in Publishing Houses; Mrs. Florence Smith, peasant room. Insurance and Real Estate; Miss Sara Frances Jone^, room F. Progressive Teaching as a Profession; Mrs. Francp Murray, women’s lounge. Psychiatric Social Work and the Work of the Visitjng Teacher; Miss Gladys Hall, rooms 1 and 2. Special Libraries; Mrs. Lucille Keck, reception ropm.
Board Silent On ‘No Smoking’ Tradition At their regular quarterly meeting yesterday afternoon the Board of Trustees made the final decision concerning the “No Smoking” tradition. Although definite action was taken on the tradition. President E. C. Elliott said that the decision was not ready for publication. The account of the Board’s decision- will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Playshop Will Select Characters Tonight For First Two Plays Tryouts for parts in playshop productions will be held tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 o’clock. Characters will be selected for the first two plays of the season. “Hell Bent For Heaven,” the first production of the season, is a ’24 Pulitzer prize play of comical melodrama of the mountaineers. This play will be presented’ six nights, November 29 to December 4 in Eliza Fowler Hall. A complete model of the set for this play is being made and will soon be on display in the Union Building. Five men and two women will be chosen for the cast. Co-eds To Vie With Eds For Yearbook Sales Managership By Betty Wickard Attention, girls! To you who are ambitious, hard working, and activity minded, an opportunity is being offered which will give you a chance to create a startling innovation on the Purdue campus. Contrary to the precedent of past years, and the generally accepted idea that girls are inferior to boys in business ability, the business manager of the Debris, A. A. Siebenthal, announces that this year, co-eds will be given an equal chance with the eds to obtain a position as a junior business manager. Furthermore, if a girl “makes good” she may even be elected business manager in her senior year. This idea was inspired because the sales of the University of Mich igan yearbook at present exceed those of any other similar publication in the country—and the business manager of this book is a co-ed. Brush up on your sales talk, girls, and show the super-salemen on the Debris staff that you’re their equals if not their superiors. Perhaps one of you will be the first co-ed busi ness manager of the Debris. Alumni Officers Return From Sackett's Funeral Burr 'N. Swezey, W. H. Robbins, and E. Baugh, three office holders of the Purdue Alumni Association, have just returned from the funeral services, held Monday at Louisville, Ky., for M. Gresham Sackett. Sackett, an active member and di rector of the association, was killed Friday while enroute to the PurdueNorthwestern football game. R. Hobarl- Injured In Bef-e-Kappa Sig Touchball Game R. N. Hobart, ME ’38, received a fracture of the left forearm dviring a touch football game yesterday afternoon between the Betas and the Kappa Sigmas. Hobart was playing for the Betas. Teammates took Hobart to the Student Health Service, and he was then taken to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, whei’e the arm was set. A. L. Lutz, ME ’40, was also taken to the same hospital yesterday morning for an acute appendicitis operation. Lutz is from Decatur, 111.
Trustees Award Contracts For Two New Ag Buildings
Dr. Davis Will Speak For Sunday Morning Worship Convocation “Religion—A Defense Mechsjiiism” will be delivered Sunday morning by Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10:30 o’clock in the first University convocation for worship of the year. Dr. Davis is pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oakland, Cal. Under the direction of Albert P Stewart, 156 voices of the University Choir, an enlargement of 31 over last year, will sing two selec-, tions: ‘Emittele Spiritum Tuum” (Send Forth Thy Spirit), by Schuetky, and “To Thee, 0 Lord, Do I Lift Up My Soul,” by Kalinnikoff. George Osborn, junior pharmacist, will play the organ. Dairy Judging Team Goes To New Orleans The University dairy products judging team, composed of four seniors in the school of agriculture, majoring in dairy manufacturing, and Prof. R. E. Roberts, coach, left this moi’ning for New Orleans, La., to atttend the American Dairy Industries Exposition and to compete with 17 university teams in the national intercollegiate dairy products judging contest. Members of the team are: Floyd S. Amsler, Rensselaer; Karl Freese, Nappanee; Thomas Graham, Franklin; and Donald Parsons, Kokomo. Seven samples of the following market grade classes will be judged in the contest; butter, milk, cheddar cheese, and vanilla ice cream. Water Company Manager To Speak For Civil Society H. S. Mm’se, general manager of the Indianapolis Water Company Plant, will speak before the student branch of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight'at 7:30 in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. By technicolored motion pictures Morse willxshow recent developments in water purification as exemplified by the Indianapolis plant. He will also relate experiences as sanitary engineer in several large cities in the middle west, and as labor manager of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company in Aki’on, O. This, Morse’s second invitation to appear before the organization, is a result of the technical discussion he presented two years ago. In the words of G. D. Ro^e, president of the organization, “it was the best talk of the year.” Navy Band To Play Two Concerts Here Sunday Afternoon Lieutenant Charles Benter, director of the United States Navy Band of Washington, D. C., is bringing his band here for two concerts Sunday, October 24. Concerts will be given in the Jefferson High School gymnasium on Sunday afternoon at 2:30 and again at 8:00 o’clock that evening. Benter’s deep appreciation of militai'y music, particularly patriotic music, has colored his entire career. s The band comes here in this second appearance in Lafayette, under the auspices of Jefferson High School and Lafayette Post No. 11, American Legion.
Will Locate Three Story Chemical Strudure North Of New Ag Engineering Building; To Make Hort Addition Contracts for the construction of a new Agricultuarl Chemistry Building and for the completion of the present Horticultural Building were awarded to the William P. Jungclaus Company of Indianapolis yesterday by the University Board of Trustees, meeting in their quarterly session. The Agricultural Chemistry Building will be located on the north side of the mall which enters the south campus from Marstellar street, and will be due north of the new Agricultural Engineering Building. It will be 55 feet by 110 feet, three stories and basement, and will be of reinforced concrete and steel with brick walls and lime- “ "
Finalists Will Speak Tonight In Beveridge Contest For Trophy The Beveridge Speaking Contest finals will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Duncan lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The winner will receive the Ankeny Trophy^ a loving cup donated by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette. The organization whose representatives amass the greatest total of points will have possession of an additional loving cup for one
year.
Seventy-five freshmen, instead of 100 as was erroneously stated in the Exponent yesterday, competed in the speaking preliminaries last Tuesday afternoon. From this number, six speakers were chosen to deliver their talks in the finals. The two speakers from the engineering school with the highest ratings will be eligible for the Hanley Oratorical Contest. Limit Remaining Ball Tickets To Officers Due to the unexpected demand for tickets to the Military Bail, they will be available today to the senior cadet officers only, and may be obtained in the cadet officers’ room in the Armory from 4 to 5 p. m. “TJiis is the last chance for senior cadet officers to get their tickets,” said Robert Wickersham, member of the Military Ball committee, last night.
stone trim. The horticultural addition will be 126 feet by 60 feet and will face the west. The present Horticultural Building has been built for ten years and this addition will complete the
structure.
Other Bidders Other bidders on the construction jobs were: A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette $152,000 on the Chemistry Building and $164,500 on the horticultural addition; Karl H. Kettlehut, West Lafayette, $152,500 on the Chemistry Building and $179,750 on the Horticultural addition; H. G. Christman, South Bend, $143,536 on the chemistry and $167,348 on the horticultural structures; Stranberg and Spencer, Chicago, $161,800 on the chemistry and $173,800 on the horticultural structures. President Elliott announced at the meeting that the name of the school of chemical engineering had been changed to the school of chemical engineering and metallurgical engineering, because of the rapid growth of the latter field of study at the University in the past few
years.
Acknowledge Gifts The board acknowledged the receipt of several gifts from individuals and organizations. Two hundred dollars was received from the Indiana Federation of Clubs for the establishment of a library fund honoring the memory of the late Mrs. Virginia Claypool Meredith, the fund to be administered by the school of home economics. Asknowledgement was also made of $3,750 for scholarships in agriculture from Sears Roebuck and Company and $188.87 from Skull (Continued on page 4)
College Editors From All U.S. Gather At A CP Convention
By J. E. Brock ManaKinjr Editor After meeting most of the 500 college delegates who attended the ACP cpnvention in Chicago last week, we feel that we can go anyplace in the country where a college paper or yearbook is published, hold out our hand, and say, “How are you, playmate,” and be recognized. We spei^t most of the time^ with Jay Richter, handsome Minnesota Daily editor, who has to be content with a newspaper salary of $75 a month. (Last year, our takings averaged $1.60 a month). Don Arvold, his business manager, and witty circulation manager deBuhr were with us all the time they weren’t in business sessions or making and keeping appointments with bank presidents and other important people. Eastern Accent Bill Harrison and Julian Katzeff, IVtassachusetts Collegian big-wigs, attd their “pahk-your-cah-in-the-garahdge” accent seemed to be always with us, too. Dapper Blinie Jones, Daily Miehibusiness manager, was the best dressed man at tHb convention, and
the editor, Joe Mattes wasn’t far behind. Southern Name The most southern name we heard" was that of Grady Clay,^ editor of Emory Institute's Emory Wheel. We met plenty of southerners, though, from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, etc., etc. The person who seemed best to typify the northern student’s impression of of the southern student A^as Rhythm King “Wilkie” Wilkerson, Georgia leader of the “Big Apple.” Thp southern girls of course, were the ones everyone tried hardest of all to meet, and they were quite easy to get along with. Pi-etty Bess Cameron of Randolph Macon yearbook editorship, charming Virginia Greene from Valdosta College in Georgia, Georgia Smith from Vii*ginia, Caroline Hooker from South Cai’olina State, and Joyce Roper from Agnes Scott in Alabama were among the many southern girls, who with their accent and stuff, proved that aU, or at least most, of the traditions about southern girls are no lie. Incidently, weTe planning a trip through the South next, spring vacation.^ '->h / i» I
i
i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Early Elections May Solve Prom, Gala Week Problems Junior Prom and Gala Week elections may be moved up to the first semester this year. Talked of last spring and before, the early elections now appear a possibility as a Senate committee investigates desirable dates. Prom committee always upheld its bringing of poor bands to the campus with the lack-of-time excuse. Last spring seniors in charge of Gala Week barely finished their work in time for the event, held a month earlier than before. First semester elections should eliminate both these time handicaps. Senate Renounces Smoking Tradition, Considers Pipe Custom Revival Student Senate evidently is set on doing a good job of uprooting the campus smoking tradition. A month ago Senate voted to abolish the custom . . . now it is considering a revival of the old “Junior Pipe” tradition. Some years back pipes embossed with “P’s” and class numerals distinguished Purdue juniors from
the other classmen. The tradition died out about the time America entered the World War. About that time each student could be classed by his soft felt hat, made in class colors, so the pipe wasn’t necessary for identification ... it was just an added attraction. All that remains of the class hat custom is the freshmen “wearing of the green.” Traditions .•. . traditions . . . colleges and their ti'aditions. If a tradition is strong enough to stand on its own legs, well enough. But why must students persist in reviving and maintaining silly, almost forgotten ti?aditions ? ^ New Ag Buildings Are First In Ten Years Some engineering students are kicking because the “Ags” are getting a new Agricultural Chemistry Building and a Horticultural Building addition. Perhaps they don’t know a new University buildinghasn’t gone up on the South campus for about ten years. Count the new ones on the north side of State
street.
This Horticultural Building addition will serve increasing needs for state experimental work, and will house much of the forestry department’s work in addition to that of a growing department of horticulture. This building, incidentally, was the last erected on the ag campus.
By Mary Cooley It is unethical to make a person with the mumps laugh . . . even if he is a professor. But members of a foreign language class at Crozer Theological Seminary, Chester, Pa., did it so well that their swollen-cheeked instructor didn’t mind at all. They addressed the following letter written in Greek to Professor Morton Scott Enslin: “Our faces are great in length because thine is great in width. Return to us safely.” ^ A Sorority pledges at the University of New Hampshire are convinced that the quickest way of losing five pounds in 10 days is to go through “rushing.” * * * * A special committee appointed by President Ernest M. Hopkins of Dartmouth will study the organization and procedures of student publications and make recommendations for their improved adminis tration. * * H: * Charter members of a unique club at the University of West Virginia are still smacking their lips. The 11 boys, embryo foresters, are snake eaters. It all came about in this way. At the university forestry camp, one of the boys brought back a six foot blacksnake. They didn’t want the meat to go to waste, so the camp
cook wrestled with it for awhile and at dinner produced black snake roast as the main course. The 11 charter members, who had agreed each to eat an equal portion of the meat, sat around the table, a little doubtful, but anxious to prove their sportsmanship. To everyone’s surprise the dish proved extremely popular—in fact the cook dashed in and recovered a large piece for himself.
Letters to the Editor
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer’s signature. Turn Out For The Team Dear Editor: -Since the Exponent is in leality the voice of the campus, I believe its views are generally accepted. I therefore think that it should sponsor or make strong suggestions for the following: “A loyal greeting of the athletic teams when they return fi oni a game, whether ^t be a victory or a defeat.” Everyone can cheer a winning team, but a loyal spirit is needed to cheer a loser. D. L. Fitting, Forestry ’40.
By Sally McKee A co-ed column today. Did you eds know that you’re not supposed to keep a cigar, cigarette, or pipe in your mouth while talking to a girl —^to anyone in fact? Not that you may not smoke—you may—she may—but you men have the longer experience. Today, when anyone may smoke, even more than when only men smoked, manners are very important, and it is the man who should lead the way. To leave a cigarette in your mouth while talking is socially discourteous, and your co-ed friend will not like it. ’Regard for others—smokers and non-smokers—^and the utmost in cleanliness in smoking form the basis of smoking manners. Watch
both.
Alpha Chi Kho Initiates Alpha Chi Rho fraternity announces the initiation of B. D. Thatcher, Valparaiso. Five members of Delta Alpha Pi or Pirathon, precedent fraternities, were initiated at the same time. They are H. W. Wilson, L. H. Wollenweber, W. E. Fish, H. F. Howkinson, and J. E. Pearson.
“Oh, Zeke, have you heard about the West Side Cleaners’ new storage vault for summer wearing apparel?”^
^ Their steel vaults are guaranteed to he Dirtproof, Mothproof, Theftproof and Fireproof. PHONE 4081 FOR OUR LOW PRICES Here’s news that will interest everyone. Not only does it give protection to valuable summer clothes but in addition it permits more space in your closet for winter clothes. Another Service of the WEST SIDE CLEANERS Northwestern Ave. at Vine St., W. L.
Thursday. October 21. 1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liphty
INTRODUCING THE CAMPUSLANGUAGE DEPT. INC. Toward a more sophisticated speech All youse guys and gals is now designated as “Chums” . . . until a new and better (?) word is advanced by a contributor with imagination and the gift o’ gab. Chums, the idea is this: B and B will offer a MARS double pass to the chum (male or female) who turns in the best additions to the college vocabulary via this yere Campuslanguage Dept., Inc. There is no limit to the type of words we’ll accept . . . they can be anything from salutations, greetings, and farewells to plain ornery picturesque profanity . . . but they must at least be tinged with an essence of originality and campus fla-
vor.
Submit your words and describe how they are used. They’ll all be printed here ... if printable. Here’s an example: PREVIOUS: descriptive adjective adverb or what have you. Used to designate anything from a horned toad to a freshman, fitting both equally well. Used best in the following man-
ner:
Freshman at dinner table says: “Why can’t Mrs. Cab Calloway sprinkle the lawn.” (Everyone gives up) Freshman grinning gleefully: “Because Cab always Hi-De-Hoes.” In your role of upperclassman, chum, you raise your eyebrows delicately, and fixing the freshman with somewhat of a condescending stare, murmur: “My chum, aren’t you a little bit ‘previous’?” We admit it ain’t 'adequate, but the woid can be used. Make Purdue Slanguage conscious! I Liven up your dinner hours with slanguage. Get the idea, chums ? The Mars Double for the best this week. And if contribi^ pour in, maybe it’ll be a Mars quadruple next time.
*. mi IV «MSM Festwe
“Keep banging away, Mr. Snodgrass—^there’s always the chance a stray bullet will get him!”
ARC
TODAY — FRI.
SAT.
liiiEiiiOisn starring V \ CHARLES STAMeTT with N IRIS MEREDITH —and— JAMES DUNN in in “Mysterious Crossing” Plus “Robinson Crusoe” Serial SUNDAY — MONDAY “More Than a Secretary” “Jungle Princess”
WOTTA RIOT! irs HELD OVER MUST BE GOOD!
Ly^
Today — Fri. — Sat. 2 First Run Hits tHi Am m
WCTOBllS»lMiUAMHOPP£B»JOHHHBE DAVIS -PLUS-
bAifl Starts Today , DOUBLE FEATURE
. ^ A Thrilling Romance of the South Seas!
—Plus— HOLLYWOOD ON PARADE
With the enemy's high command sits a daring British Agent... dreading minutes that may bring exposure... trust, ing in the love of a woman whose business is betrayal
STARTS
TODAY MAM
iThursday. October 21. 1937
THE PUBDTJE EXPONENT
Schedule Fraternity Cross Country Meet For This Afternoon
Fraternity track stars will assemble on the intramural field at the end of Second street entrance this afternoon at 4:16 p. m. for the annual two and one-half niile cross country event. To date 20 teams have announced their intentions of competing. Each team is composed of four men. ^ A handsome trophy will be given to the winning team, and each man on that te^m will be presented a gold medal. In case the first man to breast the tape is not a member of ^he team with the most points he also will receive a gold medal for his efforts.
Hold Ward Cross Country
Meet On Next Wednesday
The annual ward cross country race sponsored by the intramural department has been scheduled for Weiines^a;^ October 27. Each ward represented by a team compel of four men. The teams will m^^on intreTmiuraTl^eld and run the required distance of ywo and a half miles. The points compiled by a team will consist of^ those made by the three members finishing first.
As an incentive for the teams to do their best, prizes in the form of gold medals will be awarded to the winning team. Those finishing first, second, or third in the rac6, while not members of the winning team are eligible for one of these medals.
Intramural Department To Start Ward Touchball
Tournament Next Monday
With the end of the ward softball season, touchball puts in its appearance with a practice round beginning on Monday afternoon, October 26. Uniforms are not necessary for participation in this sport, and it is hoped that each ward will enter a team. Footballs may be checked out for practice, but they must be returned the same day. At present eight regulation touchball fields have been laid out on the intramural field. An official tehm for touchball consists of 8 to 12 men. It will be permissible for a team composed of eight men to play a team of 12 men. Each member of the winning team will receive medals at the close of the touchball season. All entry blanks should be returned to the Intramural office by Monday noon, October 26.
Alpha Lambda Delta
Will Initiate Sunday
Alpha Lambda Delta will initiate nine pledges at 8:30 next Sunday morning, following which a breakfast will be served. Members and pledges of Alpha Lambda Delta are now working with WSGA on the Women’s Work and Opportunities Conference. Prospective initiates are: Mary Frances McLaughlin, Margaret Crankshaw, Mary Beko, Lucy Demoret, Bonita House, Katherine Henderson, Marietta Johnson, Mar garet Mathes, and Rosemary Ince.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Have you played in the Game Room?
In your spare moments drop in for a game of Cards, Cheekers,
Chess,
or your other in-door
game.
JPUL I fiwvdusL WjimjfdjaL lAnwvL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
By Bill Fifleld
Yvonne Price, co-editor of this column yesterday did a right fine job . . . perhaps we ought to have her back aghin next week ... as for that matter we might have a guest writer for every Wednesday morning’s paper . . if anyone is interested, call the Phi Kappa Psi house and we will mak^ arrangements. . —^fc— We have checked up on the men in school who have passed all the qualifications for the national organization of Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary. These men are: K. T. Caldwell, W. H. Fifield, D. K. Harper, R. J. Purdy, J. E. Shideler, and C. L. Stewart. . . There will be a Sigma Delta Psi meeting at the intramural office this afternoon at four. —^fc— A great deal of interest in Sigma Delta Psi has been created within the last two years . . . there are 61 men in school trying to pass the
requirements for the honorary . . . of these, 16 have passed at least seven events . . . that is the requirement for the local organization . . . members of the local organization will receive training in the more difficult events. The 16 men are: Bodeau, Campbell, Cramer, Deckert, Edwards, Fisher, Gutting, Heitert, Henderson, Long, Michael, Pickens, Schilling, Snyder, Wadleigh, and Clugston . . . the local organization will meet at the stadium this afternoon at 4:30. —^fc— We would like to make a suggestion to the intramural department . . . that is to have the referees of all games know the rules and have a rule book with them to back up their decision. —^fc— Inter-fraternity softball is nearing the end . . . last night the Phi Delts trimmed the Theta Chis 3-1, leaving the former to play in the finals against the winner of the Alpha Gamma Rho-DU game.
Fraternity Bowlers Begin Winter Grind; Four Teams Beaten
Eliminating four teams in the first night’s play, the Union interfraternity bowling tourney began its long winter grind last Tuesday. Eight teams will play every Tuesday night, when four alleys will be reserved especially for the tournament. Kappa Delta Rho fraternity defeated Phi Kappa Psi 2,226 pins to 2,049; Alpha Tau Omega defeated Beta Sigma Psi 2,116 to 2,126; Sigma Phi defeated Pi Kappa Alpha 2,347 to 1,899; and the Phi Kappas defeated Phi Kappa Tau 1,928 to 1,791. Twenty-two fraternities have entered teams. The contest is expected to last for about two months Each team pays $2.60 for the night’s play and is eliminated upon being defeated once. The fraternities playing on the respective Tuesday nights will be announced in the Exponent.
Botany Department Adds Vedder-Wright To Staff
Vedder Wright, formerly of the University of Wisconsin, has been added to the staff of the University botany department to conduct investigations in the breeding of disease resistant truck crops for Indiana, according to Dr. R. M. Caldwell, head of the department.
Wright comes from the University of Wisconsin where he has completed most of the requirements for a doctor’s degree in plant pathology. His earlier training was obtained in plant breeding at the University of California.
Acacia Initiates Six
Acacia fraternity announces the initiation of R. E. Metzger, E. F. Blickenstaff, W. K. Belatlane, R. E. Johnson, E. M. Cox, and I. F. Willin.
Phi Kappa Sigma Pledges
Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the pledging of A. E. Evers, Sturgis, Mich.
REGULAR TOUCHBALL GAMES —TODAY—
Field 1—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Tau
Delta—Boyer.
-Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Tau—Troyer.
3—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Pi Phi —^Beck.
4—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha—Wallace.
6—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi —Kerber.
VALUE
LOEB& HENE COMPANY
Down Stairs
Nursery School Staff Leaves For Convention
"Professor Laura Partch, director of the University nursery school. Miss Helen Duff and Mrs. Katherine Read left the campus at noon yesterday to attend the meetings of the National Association of Nursery Education in Nashville, Tenn. The meetings will be held through Saturday.
Kappa Delta Rho Pledges
Kappa Delta Rho fraternity announces the pledging of Robert Tibbetts, Union City and L. C. Spencer, Kenmore, N. Y.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Elward Makes Shifts In
Line PosHions To Fill
Vacancies Of injured Men
Coach Mai Elward, in an attempt to smooth out a few of the roujgh spots in the Boilermakers’ play, has experimented with lineup changes during the week. Coach Elward is looking for someone to take up the work of Andy Grant, who was injured in last Saturday’s contest with Northwestern. Because of the open date this week-end, Mai has time to try out new lineups. Carl Verplank, a center during his high school football ball, has been shifted from guard back to his old position at center. Augie Morningstar, reserve center has been assigned the task of developing himself into a first string guard.
Dr. Young Speaks At Annual Meeting Of State Grange
Dr. E. C. Young of the University farm management department spoke yesterday afternoon before the annual meeting of the Indiana State Grange at Logansport on the subject “Trends Toward Nationalism and Regionalism in Our Economic Life.”
Dr. Young reviewed the breakdown of international trade during the past decade and its relation to the development of nationalism throughout the world and in this country. He also discussed certain domestic measures applying to industry and agriculture which have tended to foster economic regionalism within the United States.
Delta Chis Trounce Sigma Chis in Protest Playoff
Delta Chis won a decisive victory in their softball game last night by shutting out the Sigma Chis 8-0. This places the Delta Chi team among the finalists.
so year that first police ^itbtbevr tfiis, teletype telepTio® to get outgrovrtb ,7 fiardet and fiicbtbe CJust one more fiappl®*. tips to make yonrl telephone help Ijioader, safer- ^
-wsi!'i?
3
f ^ «;•
S&t?'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 21, 1937
Ceres Plans Program For Year's Activities Members of Ceres, agi ononiy honorary, approved an extensive program of activities for the year at a meeting in Agricultural Hall Monday night. Uudei the loader'^hip of R. H. Chinn, president, they plan to hold open meetings, designed to further cooperation among students, faculty, and extension staff members. The annual Ceres Essay Contest will be held, with cups awarded to winners in both freshman and upperclass divisions. Off the campus, Ceres plans to assist in the State 4-H Club Corn Judging Contest, and in the State Corn and Grain Show, which is held during Agriculture Conference Week Ceres members will aid other agricultural honoraries in prepai’atioii'- foi an All-Ag dance. Plans also veie completed for the compilation of a directory of alumni and active members.
i and dinner parties. Phone 2882.
Trustees Aw^ard Contract (Continued from page 1)
and Crescent, sophomore men’s honorary, for the student loan fund of that organization. Accept New WRH The board also formally accepted the new residence hall for women which was first occupied in September and was built by A. E. Kemmer. Board members later inspected the Fieldhouse and the addition to the Physics Building. The board meets again on October 29 to receive bids on the new residence halls for men.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Many responsible manufacturers are seeking new lines of products to supplement their present line of productions. We are interested in receiving suggestions. Have you an article to offer ? In your reply state clearly the nature and purpose of your article, material used, has the article been patented or is it patentable, what investigations have you made for the purpose of proving the economical necessity for the article you have to offer ? If we are interested in the article you have to offer, we will communicate with you; otherwise no reply will be made to your letter. Address: Wisconsin Manufacturei’s’ Association, First Central Bldg., Madison, Wisconsin.
FOR RENT—Student room, single beds. Private entrance. 127 Sylvia. Phone 3989.
CATERESS—First class cook; caters to parties, week-end guests.
BUS SERVICE To and From South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport (a) via Traction Lines from Peru. 4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus Company
WANTED—Room in Lafayette near Haywood Bldg. Address replies to Exponent Box, Lafayette Post Office.
WANTED—Washing. Soft water Specialty on fraternity houses. Shirts. Phone 7255. Reference.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Hockey Managers: L. Gabler, G. Walker, M Campbell, and J. Bailey meet in WAA
office October 22 at 6 pt m.
-DOBSON.
man has charse of ticket sale.
-CRISS.
WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have eight practices. —DOBSON.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all members October 30, at 7 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. —BAALS.
Bridge Enthusiasts: Sign up for free bridge lessons in the Union office any time before October 21. First lesson will be October 21 at 7 -16 p. m. in the game room of the Union Building. —MATTHEWS.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall All-
Debris Picture Sittings
FRID.AY, OCTOBER 22 FRIDAY MORNING 8 -00 Long, D. R. 8 :05 Hobart, R. N. 8:10 Schroeder, C. D. 8:15 Taylor, A. P. 8:20 Wood, Maitha 8 :25 Huber, Georgiana 8- 30 Jones, Maigaret 8 :40 Klein, Betty 8’45 Crossman, Phyllis 8:60 Millholland, W. K. 8:5.5 Samuelson, D A. 9 :00 Love, Wesley 9- 05 McCollough, C G. 9:10 McFadden, D. H. 9 -15 Merriam, G E. 9:20 Miner, J A. 9:25 Morris, R L. 9:30 Montgomery, W O 9:35 Muntz, R. E 9 :40 Obenchain, R F 9 :45 Olsen, W. A. 9:50 Reichelderfer, C. A 9 :.55 Richey, C. B 10 :00 Perry, W E 10 ‘OS Peters, H 10:10 Phillips, C H. 10:15 Posey, A P 10:20 Purdy, R. J. 10:25 Nutting, E. G 10:30 O’Neill, H. J. 10:35 Palmquist, C. A 10 :40 Parkison, T. K. 10- 40 Roquemoie, G. F. 10:50 Rupler, R. L. 10:55 Schelhorn, W. K. 11:00 Robbins, D. L. 11:05 Rohyans, D. J. 11:10 Roll, P. H. 11 :15 Romayne, R. C. 11- 20 Roper, G W. 11:25 Rowan, L. 11:30 Sarles, C. D. 11 :35 Scatterdav, J. W 11 :40 Scifres, R E. 11 :45 Schelle, W. R. 11-50 Rosenberg, J, M.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON 12:50 Reed, E. V. 12 :65 Schueler, R. H. 1:00 Pepper, R. C. 1:05 Pence, R A 1 :10 Pontius, D. B 1:16 Pool, D S. 1:20 Prien, C H 1:25 Noll, H. G. 1:30 O’Connor, W. F. 1:36 Ottenweller, J. H 1:40 Overbay, W. B. 1 :46 Overcash, C. M 1:50 Paradise, R. N 1:65 Patrick, J. T. 2:00 Patterson, K. W 2.05 Pallub, M R 2 :10 Rambo, R. W. 2:15 Rapalski, J. C. 2:20 Rayle, H J. 2:25 Reichart, J. W. 2:30 Reid, R T. 2 :35 Rhodes, J. F. 2:40 Richmond, S H 2:46 Rike, R. C. 2 :50 Rogers, P H. 2 :66 Rogers, W. C. 3:00 Sandeis, J. C 3 :06 Schenk, R C 3:10 Schlundt, R H 3:15 Schoon, L K 3:20 Schweidlei, J. F 3:25 Seaboig, J W. 3:30 Sears, G. M 3:35 Selby, R. E 3:40 Sellers, L C. 3:45 Sielski, W. L. 3:50 Shafer, J. I 3:55 Shideler, J. E. 4 :00 Smith, W. R 4:06 Koemsbeig, H 4 :10 Isenbarger, R. 4:15 Gardner, C. H. 4 :20 Delaplane, W K. 4 :25 Housekeeper, R. N. 4 -.30 Molyneux, W. L. 4:35 Vitale, A. J 4:40 Meacham, D. M. 4 :45 Van Delester, J. R. 4:50 Winslow, W. H. 4:55 Wollenweber, L. H. 5 :00 Lowe, J. C.
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119*4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT ^TUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER ''j for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Re^isirlng Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Dine
dludifk
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop I Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sis. — Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH ^ Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLEE. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office ' Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Chi Epsilon: All pledges must pay their initiation fee to me by October 28. —SHEETS.
Agriculturist Try-outs: All students interested in working on the Agriculturist staff ■ report to the Agriculturist office in the Union Building at :30 p. m. October 21. —PARKINSON.
Sophomore Debate Managers: Meeting in debate office October 21 at 4 p. m. —HINEK. ^ Fraternity Athletic Managers: Return all cross country entry blanks to Intramural office by October 23. —CLEVETT.
Glider Club: Meeting October 21 in Union at 7 :30 p. m. Absentees will be fined. —MOORE. Junior ROTC Athletic Officers: Important meeting of Battery athletic officers in Cadet Officers room October 21 at 4 :10 p.m. —ANTUeSHKO.
Senior ROTC Athletic Officers: Meeting in cadet officers’ room October 21 at 4 p.m. —ANTUeSHKO.
Co-ed Swimmers and Triton Club: No swimming October 21 from 7 :30 ta 9 :30 p.m. because of Vocational Guidance Conference. —WALKER.
Playshop Make-Up Committee: Important meeting October 22 at 4 p. m. —GILLESPIE.
Co-ed Bowling: The women’s bowling tournament will be postponed until October 28 beca(use of Vocational Guidance
Meeting.
-COFFMAN.
Activities Bureau: Will all organizations who have not returned activity bureau questionnaires please do so by October 22. —JACOBSON.
WSGA Activities Committee: No interviews the remainder of this week. Will all the members of my committee meet me October 26 at 4 p. m. in the Office. —JONES. WAA Social Committee: Will^the following girls meet me October 21, at 4 p. m. in the main lounge of the Union: Louise Daniel, Virginia Gould, Rufina Sexton, Marie Wetzel, Caroline Scott, Katherine Mounce, Virginia Wiiking, and Mary Ed Johnston. —JONES.
bureau questionnaires please do so by October 22. —JACOBSON.
Union Sophomores: My committee rei port in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 21. —’TURNER.
Newman Club: All members of the Newman Club interested in working on the Barnyard Fiolic, report to room F of the Union Building at 7 o’clock October 21. —MIL VO.
WAA Riflcry; No practice October 21. —CHRISTENSON.
Newman Club: Meeting of the contact committee at 4 :16 p. m.' October 21 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —McCONAHAY.
Engineering Staff: A meeting of all editorial staff membeis including spphomores and freshmen at the Purdue Engineer office
on October 22 at 4 p. m.
BAALS.
r
Scrivener: Meeting October 21 at 8:30 at 126 W. Lutz. Bring manuscripts.
—FELDMAN.
Flying Club: Meeting of the Purdue Flying Club October 21 at the Union Building. —CONWAY.
Organizations and Activithps: Will all organizations who have not returned activity
Union Sophomores: All available Union workers report to Union office at 4 p. m. October 21 to work on Dads’ Day News. —CROSSMAN.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 21. —TAYLOR, MILLHOLLAND, SAMUELSON.
Riding Club: Important meeting m Union office at 7:30 p. m. October 21. Everyone is invited. —HARPER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Very important meeting October 22 at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. Pledging of new members. —CARACCIOLO.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation October 24 at 8 ;30 a. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —ANDERSON.
Debris Sophomores: All editorial workers must report to Debris office October 21 at 4 p. m. Important details to be given out on copy. —EHINGER.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS No one forgets a girl who makes a first impression as fastidious and smart.
With Crown Cleaned clothes you surely make a smart impression.
FINE CLEANENS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE-—TOP OF THE HILL
First Church of Christ, Scientist OF LAFAYETTE, INDIANA ANNOUNCES A FREE LECTURE on CHRISTIAN SCIENCE BY CHARLES V. WINN, C. S. B. OF PASADENA, CALIFORNIA Member of the Board of Lectureship of The Mother Church The First Church of Christ, Scientist, m Boston, Massachusetts ELIZA FOWLER HALL, PURDUE UNIVERSITY WEST LAFAYETTE, INDIANA Sunday, October 24 at 8:00 p.m. THE PUBLIC IS CORDIALLY INVITED
For Him
Phone 5432
A • For Gold Diggers
Novel
D ISTINCTIVE Corsage C/ark Floral Company
527 Main St.
1
j
I