H
V
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair and cooler today. Pair and warmer tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY October 27.1938 Lafayette. Ladkma VoL 50 No. 38
Futures Of PartiesToBe Forum Topic “Is there to be a split in the Democratic party What have the Republicans to offer as a solution to current problems ?” Is capitalism on the way out ?” These are among questions which will be raised tonight in the student forum at 7:30 in the east reading room on the main floor of the Library. Harry P. Sclmltz, Lafayette Democrat, Charles H. Robertson, local Republican attorney, and Roy E. Burt, executive secretary of the Socialist Party of the United States and a Chicago Methodist minister, will argue the questions in Tau Kappa Alpha’s popularly named “Three Ring Circus.” Democratic and Republican party developments and recent Socialist trends in thinking will serve as a general background for the discussion. The speakers will discuss the questions after which the audience will ask questions. The forum will terminate formally at 9 p. m., after which there will be an opportunity for the audience to meet the speakers personally. Students in English 14 may use this forum for their reports on outside speakers. AIME Elects Lowne President At Initial
Philippines Favor Basketball Highly^ Elliott Observes Basketball is almost as popular a sport with the Filipinos as it is with the Hoosiers, according to a clipping from the Philippines Herald received by University Publicity Director T. R. Johnston from President E. C. Elliott. The dispatch announces dates for the Philippine National Basketball Tourney, to be held on the Island of Cebu, December 16 to 22, and shows the close correspondence between this tourney and the state basketball tournament held in Indi-
ana.
Co-ed Cheerleader
Positions Attract Many Aspirants
The number of aspirants for coed cheerleader positions is growing, according to Stubby Meier, head yell leader. To date 17 women have signed up for chances to
obtain the coveted positions.
Turnouts include Jeanette Sutherlin, Louise Harry, Margaret Stocker, Barbara Cook, Georgia Walker, Ruth Newton, Marylou Wallace, Lucille Fudge, Eleanor Smith, Marge Moore, Pat Wade, Betty Jane Short, Nelda Wood, Ruth Sheen, Jerry Buhrke, Jane Ramsey,
and Lois Hollingsworth.
All other co-eds interested in prospective cheerleader positions should call Prances Eastbum at Alpha Chi Omega sorority, 6091. Women Students
Interviewed For
MfiClmp 01 SoCifily Activities Checkup
Purdue’s newest technical society, the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers, was officially established yesterday with the election of officers at its initial meeting. Members of the organization met in room 202 of Heavilon Hall at 4:30 p. m. Officers elected were: E. K. Lowne, president; A. R. Peirce, vicepresident; M. D. Neptune, secretary; R. C. Becker, treasurer; and E. C. Miller, faculty sponsor. Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the metallurgical engineering school, gave a short talk welcoming the new organization to the campus. “On most campuses the AIME is a small but very aggressive group. The mere fact that only 80 students are eligible, and that 60 of these turned out, indicates a very successful future for the organization.” Staff Members To Attend Indiana Home Ec Meeting Dean Mary L. Matthews, Dr. Cecelia Schuck, and Prof. Ruth Jordan, all of the home economics school and Ruth Austin, Helen Duff, and Margaret E. Beeman will attend the Indiana State Home Economics Association meeting at Indianapolis this week. Professor Jordan will attend a meeting of the executive committee today. Baptist Group To Sponsor ' Annual Hallowe'en Party Annual Roger Williams Club Hal- ^ lowe’en party will be held Friday evening at 8 p. m. at the Baptist Church. Typical Hallowe’en refreshments and entertainment will be d furnished. All students are invited by the Club to attend the party. Scabbard and Blade... ^ . . . members are going to celebrate Scabbard and Blade Day tonight at 7:30 in the Faculty room of the Union. Speakers of the evening will * be Col. George Byers, and Prof. L. M. Sears. Musical entertainment will be furnished by Ruth Swift ( and Russ Mock. The meeting is open to members of the organization and friends.
Freshmen and transfer women are being interviewed this week and next by WSGA for a check of activities and hobbies. High school activities are reviewed to provide a background for a basis of activity and hobby interests. WSGA interviewers present a view of campus activities to the girls and advise them about activities in which they might participate. Approximately 200 girls have been interviewed this week. The interviewing will continue next week until all freshmen co-eds have been registered for permanent files. A final report will be registered with the dean of women’s office. GE Staff Offeu GuidaiKe Tests Vocational guidance for University students is being offered by the general engineering department in the form of the Strong vocational interest tests. These tests are available to anyone interested in determining his vocational tendencies. The test indicates by a “like,” “dislike,” “indifference” rating of 420 items covering amusements, and school subjects, the person’s interest in 23 occupations ranging from engineer to minister. These tests have been given to professional men to determine the scales for scoring. A one-dollar fee, payable at the University cashier’s office, will be charged, after which the tests may be obtained in room 304 of Michael Golden Shops. Women Will Meet In Second WSGA School WSGA Sophomore Training School will hold a meeting from 4 to 5 in the tower room of the Union today. This will be a meeting for the second group. Mary Alice Learning, pi’esident of WSGA, will explain its organization. Meetings of the Training School will be held every Tuesday and Thursday until Christmas vacation.
Bennett Thetas Win Lodde Contest Playshop Opens Season Mollie Hacding, Pi Beta Phis Receive Before Capacity Crowd Second Place; Pat Potter Gets Third Purdue Playshop presents “Room Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, with her speech 1^ « » Service,” farce comedy in three acts qjj “Boilermaker Ego,” won the Lodde co-ed speech contest and Monsignor Slieen To ™ *>>6 Home ec. curtmn time 7:30 tonight, 8 p. m. nomics auditorium before an estimated audience of 375. PurDRlIVfir AodfRSS For Friday and Saturday. Directed by due is a man’s school, but you can’t get along without the coH. Kenn Carmichael, staged by eds,” Was the essence of Ruth’s topic. ■■■ ■% ■■ ■ 0^ John E. Dietrich, with student manFirst ICOllOIObS LOnVO as^^s. ^appa Alpha Theta sorority, I II vyilfu 71111 Rail Tirlffflllc represented in the contest by winner Right Reverend Monsignor Ful- IfoW Fhik ZilZZZ'.'Z;..; ";:.: /lllf PflII I ICKSiS Ruth Bennett and Louise Schickler, ton John Sheen will deliver the ser- Morrfaon I Jll 1% ■ #^1. large gold loving cup for mon at the first Convocation for Adeie Bardach Christine l^||" fjl&I the coming year with a score of Worship Sunday morning at 10:30 Ann Sickman Hilda 1“ points. Pi Beta Phi sorority in Eliza Fowler Hall. TksnMTkie Maah 12 points. Last 1^, . Q. a ^ ta. LllflIICv I IllS WllOn year’s winner of the new cup was past 12 years has been a member After two days of sal^eS to ^ ^ Omega sorority. of the department of philospohy at . the largest advanced ROTC in Sponsored by the Lodde Jewelry Catholic University of America, «RoI)m^Se?vic?Tas\ nighTbefore^a University history, military Company, which also donated the Washington, D. C., is noted as a capacity house, opening Purdue’s training faculty, reserve offi- two first prizes, the contest was lecturer, preacher, and author. He 1938-39 dramatic season. Fred Ah- cers, and band members, only governed and managed by co-ed will speak on “Democracy and Re- rens, comedy star of last year, was 200 tickets to the Military Ball forensic managers. ligion.” ’ missing from the cast, but a well- November 11, remain to be rhairmnn trained corps of actors put a first ,, . j., tn Elizabeth Hiner Chairman A noted author, Monsignor Sheen ^.^te comedy performance across the Elizabeth Hiner, Kappa Alpha has written ‘Communism and Re- footlights. Theta, was the senior manager and ligion,” “Calvary and the Mass, ’ Action revolves about a group of “We regret that there will not be acting chairman of the meeting, in“The Lord’s Prayer on the Cross,” producers and actors in a second- ^ore than 200 tickets available; troducing each speaker and her “The Moral Universe,” and many ,ate hotel in New York’s Broadway the overwhelming demand ‘“Pi'- Elizabeth Hiner’s comment Others. sector. The slightly shopworn ~ ^ , - , after receiving the cup as the Theta Two choirs, one of 150 voices and “country boy writes new play, b'ig- ® ® J*® ® es was president, was “Competition an echo choir of 30 voices, will ^expected. Those basic keener this year than any othsing two anthems during the ser- “Room Service” curtain time will students wanting tickets are ad- er of the four years of my particivices, be promptly at 7 ;30 tonight as vised to be in line early,” explained pation.” scheduled, and no one will be seated Bob Heine, Military Ball commit- ,,Hardin? Pi Beta Phi was I III "i after curtain time except between . , „ j ■j.i. 4.i5’ j- ’i. Ur I ark-HnrnVltr ««ts, Pl.yzh«p Director H. Kenn “"dience aW HI. LQia llUlUflU Carmichael annonneed last night, last night. evenly divided m opmiom Mome 3 , subject was, “My Home Town Was Tift i „ The 200 remaining tickets will be Bombed.” Speaking in a low but III 111 I villi Lviilifv success, marries girl’ plot prevails, g^i^ students in room 104 strong voice, with a slight English I rt IT T Tn ■+ i, ,1 r interwoven with a booming- Armory, starting at 12:30 touch, Mollie won the audience to ' Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, head of voiced hotel inspector, a meek ho- , , x. •, ko,. wott rvP the department of physics, will at- tel manager, and a $16,000 check, today. A waiting list will be forme tend an all-University convocation resulting in a successful farce. , as soon as all of the tickets are Third came the “Jitterbug,” Palecture on “Glass—Its History and Male Talent Good ' sold. tricia Potter, speaking on “The Artistic Development” today at the gj^g^g „p i,gg|. Parasites of Swing.” Speaking diUniversity of Notre Dame. production, with Maurice Bernhard, Elisicfl audience and receivDr LarkHorovitz R Buckles Willis Wells, and Richard Fink tak- rtillilli UiiliS rillijil ing perhaps the greatest audience an?Mrt “^ ing honors. Bernhard, as chain-ho- . ^ ^ fayette, will have their glass blow- *-0^ representative Wagner, gets Isje t e au lence e ing collections on display during at everybody in general in a Hil Ilffliiilig vIIIIIjVJ her subject. the various lectures. The exhibit authoritative style, while i • -e Lull Presents Awards will contain Italian German Bo- Wells gives a good impression of 0* E- McCrackin, a former presihemian, and American glass. A I. the fancily-dressed country boy hit- ^e^t «f the Flying Club ^^s fin- Presenting the respective awards May will accompany Dr. Lark- Hor- ting the big city for the first time, ished his n^al flight-training after the judges had simnt 15 mmovitz to assist him with the dem- Action rolls off to a comparative- course a e ensaco a, a., u es in cas ng eir a o s was ... , 1 , 4. 4. • 4.i,„ w tion, and is enroute to the west Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the speech onstration and exhibit. ly slow start in the first act, but -4.^ ^ ^ , . . ,, j j coast to take his place in the ranks department, comedy improves in the second and f i -if HifS “suicide” act ° ° ®’ Mood of every speech varied with Dip VI llWy LUpyCiyO in the last act and some Miller vs. h. F. Dostal, treasurer of the the topic and author. The seriousWagner vs. Gribble “mad” scenes Flying Club last year, has finished ness of war was offset by flying Tft Allan/fl comedy-producers. his primary flight course at the jitterbusg. A very skillful and uu10 Aliono rOlOlllS Always first topic of stage con- Great Lakes Naval Base and is on usual topic belonged to Helen versation, “Godspeed,” Davis’ play, his way to the Pensacola base for Lange, “The Ups and Downs of proves a success, after Miller has advanced flight training. Hair.”SpeakingentirelyaboutfemlllSTillllV llOXI W OOH spent a $16,000 check upon which inine fashions of hairdress, Helen payment is to be stopped, for prop- llnakfa Tft AIua succeeded in making the subject inFrom 200 to 300 people are ex- erties and accessories. WUlCillOil UilMPiv lU viVC teresting to the 350 eds present, pected to attend the annual Par- “Room Service” is a new play, m jj 1" ents’ Institute to be held in the opened for a very successful run AClClrGSS At Afl MGStinO » n wr»ww Home Economics Building on Nov- May 19 at the Cort Theater in PUUl EmCrSOU Will ember 1 and 2. Dr. Harriett E. O’- York City. It also played be- T. A. Coleman, acting director Shea, professor of applied psychol- fQj.g packed houses in Chicago this of the Agricultural Extension Ser- Present Program ogy, and R. B. Hull, extension hor- summer. vice, will be unable to address the ^ ticulturist, will be among the sev- Ag staff at the monthly luncheon Paul Emerson, ME ’40, will preeral speakers who will address ses- ^ ^ Cl ^IassI MavpIac Monday noon. sent a program of piano selections sions of the Institute. jCiGilCv jlllllclll I^CliriCS Sunday at 4 p. m. in the music Because an out-of-town engage- room of the Memorial Union. Paul The program will consist of sub- Ernest Clifton Poole, Muncie, Sci. ment. Professor Coleman will not ^as performed on music room projects which are of common interest ’41, was married to Miss Marjorie be able to address the staff as was grams for the past two years this to parents such as: “The Nature Moore, of Indianapolis, on October previously announced. Prof. F. R. being his third invitation And Needs of Childhood” and “A 12 in Indianapolis. They are at home Hall,,of the history, economics, and Parent’s Part in the Modern World.” at 601 Evergreen street while Poole government department, will ad- To familiarize students with the Dean Mary L. Matthews will be continues his stujdies at the Uni- dress the agricultural staffs on “The campus talent is the principal purpresiding officer of the morning versity. European Situation.” Pose of this program. In order to session. maximUm interest Ul thiS year’s music room programs, they A cafeteria supper will be served Tlnwr^Wt will be widely varied throughout m the Home Economics lunchroom J. M JL jTm. 1M^be year. Everyone is invited to at 6 p. m. after which music will be rwi n • T%T W t attend fi^e of charge. ^how To Begin November 1 the Univeieity campaB. —— KOKOmO WllipS Jeff; ,, , , , n, J neal Union Thanksgiving show, will talented m comedy, black face skits, Alpha Zeia Pledges ... be presented m two performances “ "hy "its of vaudeville ^ , r. ■ WJ . on November 24 in the Union ball- ^ture should report for the audi- W 651 3106 VIClOl Alpha Zeta, national honorary ^he Fantasy Vill take the Students unable to attend fraternity for agriculture students, gf ^ minstrel show this year auditions at this time should West Lafayette High Scho<^ won announces the pledging of 12 jun- all-student cast. The show Jim Ashton through the the Mid-West Conference football iors and seniors, and one faculty jg gpg^ presentation of pass- student Union office. championship yesterday aftemotm member. ports. Particularly in demand are co- defeating Rensselaer there by a The following men are pledges: Tryouts for parts in the show ®d singers. Last year’s Black and score of 21-0. Prof. J. H. Hilton, J. J. Denzler, G. will begin Tuesday, November 1, at Tan Fantasy featured freshmen, Jefferson High School absorbed H. Foster, Jr., T. B. Glazebrook, R. 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Un- setting a goal for all underclassmen defeat of the season last L. Hamilton, R. S. Harper, V. T. ion Building. New talent is being- this year. ^t Jeff Field wh«i the Kokon Hitchcock, T. F. Mumford, D. stressed for this year’s performance Union vice-presidents in charge mo Wildcats outplayed Jefl^'^dly Paarlberg, D. D. Schinbeckler, M. E. giving the underclassmen an excel- of the show and auditions are Jim in he first half and tb«i staved off Skinner, R. L. Smith, and T. A. lent opportunity to show off. Ashton, Dave Brubeck, Marge a desperate rally by the losei^ to Weldon. Student performers interested or Stocker, and Bob Kany. win 12-6.pi
^diiohial
THE PHBDtJE EXPONENT
J-aaijuMA
Thursday, October 27,1938
Today...
... is Navy Day, sponsored this year, as in the past, by the Navy Lea^e of the United States. October 27th has been chosen for two reasons: First, because it is the anniversary of the birth of the American Navy since in 1776 the Continental Congress authorized the construction of our first three men-of-war. Second because it is the anniversary of the birth of our former pi'esident, Theodore Roosevelt, a man whose clear foresight and statesmanship coupled with his forceful initiative was largely responsible for the present development and efficiency of the United States Navy, The purpose of Navy Day is not to show off or boast, but rather to assist in every way to give the American people a better idea of their Navy and to create a public opinion favorable to maintaining a navy adequate to the needs of our national defense. On this day all ships and stations under the jurisdiction of the Navy Department are thrown open to the public, and visitors aboard are welcomed. Special programs are planned to better acquaint the public with the functions of their navy and the duties of the personnel who carry them out. Navy Day is not only the navy’s day at home to our citizens, but it is also the appropriate occasion to bring them into closer contact with naval problems and to become better acquainted. It provides a chance to point out to the citizens of this country the navy’s real importance, not only to those who live in the coastal cities, but to all Americans, The sea power of a nation depends upon a long range program of construction and training, not alone with respect to naval vessels but also with respect to the merchant marine. History shows us that nations dominant in world affairs are those which have developed their foreign trade and shipping. In a time of national emergency the merchant marine supplement the naval forces as an arm of defense. Merchant vessels become naval auxiliaries and cniisers, ships that are necessary for transporation of troops, fuel, munitions, and all other supplies that are necessary for the support and maintenance of naval and military units. The Navy and Merchant Marine are joined by an inseparable relationship. Each is indispensable to the other and each is inspired by the fine tradition of the sea. Throughout our history as a nation they have been cherished with just pride by our people. National policy and naval policy must be mutually supporting if either is to be effective, and an adequate Navy and Merchant Marine will insure national security and prosperity.—W. L. Schmidt. Slowpoke Leaders... ... of the following activities, by not turning in their questionnaires, are throwing monkey wrenches into the Activities Bureau machinery that is at work on the production of this year’s activities chart: Women’s Pan Hellenic Coimcil, Student Senate, Fraternity President’s Council, Model R. R. Club, Radio Club, Lafayette Philatelic {Society, Purdue Riding Club, Purdue Badminton Club, Kappa Delta Phi,
the Purdue Expouent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chi®f H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R, Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF , Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. — D, A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. j Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Iiocal Advertising Manager ....E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager .W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ’ Bostoh ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Willsey Thursday, October 27, 1938
Delta Rho Kappa, Sigma Pi Sigma, Purdue Pharmacists, Purdue Engineer, Purdue Independent, Xi Sigma Pi, Catalyst, Purdue Student Alliance, Young Women’s Christian Association, Young Men’s Christian Association, Green Potter’s, Lutheran Student’s Council, Wesley Foundation, Christian Science Organization, Omicron Nu, Virginia C. Meredith Club. Dairy Club, Purdue Poultry Club, Thomas Say Entomological Society, Hoof and Horn Club, Ceres Club, University Theatre, Radio Guild, Forensic Activities, Purdue Order of Military Merit, Purdue Order of Zouaves, Purdue Military Band, Gimlet Club, Reamer Clpb, Skull and Crescent, Sigma Delta Psi, Silver Mask, Dolphin Club, P Men’s Club, Student Athletic Association, Football Manager’s, Baseball Manager’s, Track Manager’s, Varsity Yell Leaders, Intramm’al Sport Organization, Women’s Athletic Organization, Orchesis, Purdue Sportwoinen.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard “Youth Takes a Fling,” a warm and human love story starring Joel McCrea and Andrea Leeds will be shown at the Lafayette today through Saturday. McCrea takes the part of the Kansas farm boy who has to choose between his life ambition of seeking adventure on the sea and mari*ying beautiful Andrea, a romantic salesgirl in the wedding gown department of a big store. Marie Wilson, Margaret Lindsay, and Ann Sheridan share acting honors in “Broadway Musketeers” that will take over the screen of the Mars today and tomorrow. The girls, who were children together at an orphanage, became separated and meet again as adults in a dramatic denouement. “Meet the Girls,” starring lovely June Lang and Lynn Bari, an exciting tale of two big town girls who are stranded in Hawaii, will be shown at the Mars Saturday. On the stage, Barney Rapp and his New
Englanders will provide the rhythm. “Mysterious Mr. Moto,” starring Peter Lorre, will open at the Luna Theater today and continue through Saturday. Startling clues and murder in a limehouse bar provide the thrills in this mystery story. “Law of the Texans,” with Buck Jones and Dorothy Fay, will form the other half of the double feature. “Love on a Budget,” latest of the Jones Family series, gives us Shirley Deane and Russell Gleason, in a story of the headaches of a young married couple at the Main October 27 to 29. “State Police” a story of a war against racketeering and featuring John King, William Lundigan, and Constance Moore, will complete the bill. “Westland Clues,” a crime club mystery thriller with Preston Foster and Carolyn Hughes, will be teamed with “Two Gun Justice,” a western with Tim McCoy, at the Arc, October 27 to 29.
The Public Works Administration has constructed 500 new buildings on campuses of U. S. colleges and universities.
First U. S. college course in quality statistics has been instituted by Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It will give special attention to quality control of industrial products.
ARC
TODAY
FRL
SAT.
A WHliroor^ OF IHTiiOUl " Pneditm FOSTER in T^WIffUMD
and
\^A MOMoflRAM PicTina
MOMoqUAM Ficrwt-
— Also —
ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
Dependable Cleaning! by a Dependable Firm means TRAINED TECHNICIANS for Spotting ONE-DAY SERVICE if Desired! Careful Inspection Complete Mending
Ameriun Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side -132 Vine Street
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbty
ONE DANCE OF . . . . . . the year is suitable to the typical Purdue student, the Barnyard Frolic this week-end. The idea is to dress like a farmer—^you know, like you dress at home.
PRIZES WILL BE GIVEN . . . ... to the worst dressed—or the worst best dressed—or something. At any rate the judges are going to have a job on their hands, as most of us could walk off with the prize in school clothes.
IF THE SCHOOL GETS . . . . . . one more steam shovel on the campus they’re going to have to post signs, reading “Travel At Your Own Risk.”
THAT HOLE BEHIND . . . . . . the Administration Building is what will some day be a Music Hall The big problem now is who will play on the opening night.
IT WILL BE A TOSS-^P . . . . . . between the Philadelphia Symphony and Bud Bryant. Alternate for Bryant might be the Hoosier Hot Shots.
NOTICE TO THE CHI O’s . . . . . . did you girls know that you have a two-timer in your midst? It seems that MAY SIMS has pledged Sig Ep. IF ANYONE SEES MAY . . . . . . will they please tell her that the Sig Eps have some black-marks
macket
CopTrsirbycSted SyndlcGte, Ini.'
‘Why, they aren’t a bit cheaper here than in the brokerage office next door!”
at the house for her that have to be taken off. POEM . . . I think that I shall never see A co-ed as lovely as a tree. Another thought that’s clear to me Is—only God can make a tree.
GARY’S THEME SONG . . . . . . “Moon Over the Blast Furnaces” or “By the Light of the Open Hearth.”
AND THAT WILL . . . ... be enough for one day—I hope.
hii mmmm futi YOlITrS ElilR BEMINiSl It wa? their life...and they had a right to live it as they chose!
iam/£ni
It
—WITH — ANN SHERIDAN MARIE WILSON MARGARET LINDSAY JOHN LITEL
MA^
TODAY—FRIDAY 2 DAYS ONLY
C1ST3 STARTING TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Your Favorite Family’s Biggest Budget of Fun!
— Plus The law of the force' is Bravery ... No job i is too tough for these
Henry King and His Orchestra
LUHA
TODAYFRL-SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
— Plus ■
—PRICES— Matinee 20c Night 20c-25c Children lOc Night Prices Prevail on Sunday and Holidays.msi
s* ^
Thursday, October 27,1938
THE PURDUE
^h/ihiA -
EXPONENT
Todd, Kappa Sigmas Win Fraternity Cross Country Meet
Boilermakers Meet Butler Purdue Distance Runners Will Try To Even Up Wins, Losses In Race Today With Visiting Butler Bulldogs Continuing their cross country rivalry, the Boilermaker and Butler University cross country teams match strides today at 4:15 p. m. “
Tlie visiting Bulldogs are the defending cross country champions of the secondary colleges in Indiana. Rosie Southworth, Bulldog distance ace, is recognized as one of the
uAm SATURDAY ONLY ON THE STAGE IN PERSON
kfJtltlL New En^laxiders V cmd ^ COMPANY o£ (FrNTERTAlWERS
RELAX When You Eat TO GET THE MOST ENJOYMENT OUT OF GOOD FOOD, ONE SHOULD BE RELAXED. AT EASE. THE QUIET ATMOSPHERE AT THE CHESTNUT ROOM PROVIDES AN EXCELLENT PLACE FOR YOU TO ENJOY GOOD FOOD. on the second Boor THE CHESTNUT HOOM IN J/UL fiwtdiJUL TyimufticiL lArumL r The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Cehter of Activities
Cross Country Team Today
f
Itlder’t.... ....chole*
most outstanding runners of the middle west. Half and Half Coach Phillips’ distance men will be shooting for a .500 percentage, having won two meets and lost three so far during the present cross country season of competition. Besides Captain Art Bodeau, Coach Phillips has announced that Knapp, Reeves, White, Gaulke, Fatout, and Marozick will enter the meet for the Gold and Blacks. KDR To Play Phi Dell In Frat Golf Finals Going into the final play of the inter-fraternity golf finals between Kappa Delta Rho and Phi Delta Theta, the Kappa Delta Rho threesome is leading their Phi Delt opponents, 4-3, five out of nine points being required for a team to collect to claim the inter-fraternity fall golf championship. The two teams are playing medal play and would have finished the final struggle yesterday afternoon had not darkness called a halt to play with the score 4-3 in favor of the Delta Rho’s. Tom Dickinson, Fred Tully, and Dennis Murphy make up the Phi Delt threesome, while Ralph Hill, Tom Hutchinson, and George Teck are carrying the Kappa Delta Rho hopes.
By Bruce Witwer We all know that Purdue has a good team this year so we’ll continue our little campaign to show that Iowa isn’t so bad either . . . in spite of the fact its team has lost three games and won only one. . —— Now for more statistics, these were figured out for the Hawkeyes’ first three games this year . . . that is excluding last week’s game with Colgate ... in those three contests Iowa has made more points than the last year’s squad could gather together all year . . . they made 552 yards on 137 rushing plays to the opponents’ 521 and completed 13 out of 38 passes for 103 yards. —fc— In regards to individual talent, Jerry Niles is the leading yardage gainer in total yards picked up while Niles Kinnick has the best average . . . about four yards every time he carried the ball . . . Niles also kicked four out of six tries for the point after touchdown. —^fc— We might also state that the thing that really put Iowa where It is right now is the fact it made only six touchdowns to its foes’ 13 . . . that’s what really decides ball games . . . the score.
Boilermaker Coach Grooms Untested Linemen For Iowa Worried over the battered condition of the weary veterans who ha^e carried the bulk of burden against Minnesota, Fordhara, and Wisconsin in successive weeks, head coach Mai Elward utilized last night’s practice in grooming a likely group of fresh but comparatively untested sophomores for relief duty during the approaching Iowa contest. Tackles A1 Rossi and Pete Timperman received considerable attention from Red Mackey, tackle coach, and the big soph tackles continued to show the rough rugged type of play that they sparkled in the Wisconsin thriller. Big Swede Thursby, junior end, who has seen but little action so far this season, shows promise of getting into the thick of the Iowa fray by his improvement in pass receiving and ball handling on end around plays. In the Boilermaker backfield Mike Byelene was tossing passes all over the field and hitting his mark on almost every heave. The swift Ted Tykocki, who leads the Engineer backs in yard-averages was running with exceptional drive, a quality he has lacked so far this season.
FOR YOUR HEALTH'S SAKE Eat more bread. It contains an abundance of energy-giving carbohydrates. Our bread is baked and delivered fresh daily for your satisfaction and protection. Graves quality Bakery
124 State. W. L.
Phone 3852
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
e Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD I. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Bulldina 4th and Main Phone 5701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocl^ Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUmrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Phi Kappa Sigs Run Second With Sigma Alpha Mu Third, Alpha Tau Omega Placing Fourth
HOW THEY RAN
, (From the start around to the first third of race) Armstrong, Kappa Sigma First Wetherall, Triangle Second Anthony, Delta Tau Delta Third Spangler, Phi Kappa Sigma Fourth Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma Fifth (From first third to second third of race) Armstrong, Kappa Sigma _..JPirst Clark, Phi Kappa Sigma Second Decker, Kappa Sigma Third Anthony, Delta Tau Delta Fourth Bums, Pi Kappa Alpha Fifth
(From second third to the tape)
Todd, Delta Chi , Lirst Armstrong, Kappa Sigma Second Clark, Phi Sigma Kappa Third Anthony, Delta Tau Delta Fourth Decker, Kappa Sigma FTfth Kaymond Todd, Delta Chi, paced 75 potential trackmen to the tape yesterday afternoon on Intramural Field to capture first place in the annual inter-fraternity cross country meet, making a time of 14:79.7. Kappa Sigma’s team, consisting of Armstrong, Decker, and Keim, captured first place in the team com- ' "' —petition, with 29 points.
Following Todd to the finish were Armstrong of Kappa Sigma in second place, Clark of Phi Kappa Sigma in third position, and Anthony, representing Delta Tau Delta in fourth place. In team competition. Phi Kappa Sigma captured second place by collecting 47 points. In third place was Sigma Alpha Mu, with 49 points, and Alpha Tau Omega gaining fourth position by
gathering 57 markers. Kappa Sigs Strong
Kappa Sigma, in taking first place in the meet, sent their first two men, Armstrong and Decker across the finish line in second and fifth place respectfully. The other Kappa Sig point collector was Keim
who finished 22nd.
In winning the long run, Todd came up from nowhere in the last 200 yards after trailing along in 18th position from the very start of the run. A speedy sprint sent the Delta Chi runner across the finish line 30 yards ahead of Armstrong,
the second place man.
Intramural
Notices
TOUCHBALL
Today
Field Official 1— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Triangle. Smithson 2— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. McGrath 3— Theta Tau vs. Sigma Pi. Lamoureaux 4— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon. Chaffee. 5— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa
Fishel
6— Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Margolian 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Chi. Evers 8— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Brodsky 9— Phi Pi Phi vs. Theta Xi. Dolan 10— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Boyer
11— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. ■ Luce 12— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Sigma Chi. Troyer SOFTBALL Final Game—Today 7—Delta Chi vs. Winner (Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon). Umpires: Russell Berry, Jim Kurtz.
Sigma Delta Psi.. . . . . will hold a meeting in room 305 of the Fieldhouse today, at 4 o’clock with M. A. Keller, the athletic honorary manager in charge.
"Winners Every Time" Check us any way you wish — for economy—for convenience or for appearance and you will find us a winner each time. Try our Service—just once . . . then try to do without it.
STYLE LEADERS 'ICAMPUS-TOGS" SUITS TOPCOATS For the young man who cares.
$19.75 up
Fine Woolens
Expert - Stylinjj Hand-Tailoring
1 1
ROSENTHAL'S
j
322 Main St.
■■'V
$1
. -3bxaL Gdiu
THE PDia>TnE EXPONENT
yisfUcSA,
Thuraday, October 27,1938
mm
By Betty
Topcoats, touchdowns, tearing winds, and tuxedoes! Old Man Winter will soon be blowing round the corner, so don't forget the tearful tale of the foolish grasshopper! Shopscout has been rounding up some delightful
for your store . . , wise ants, read on!
provisions
Hark, you 9-l7er's! Do you know that Louise Mulligan, who IS a junior size herself, has designed a whole new collection of adorable models for you, my tm dears? We M could not Sf off "Pina.siPMUiLW fore," a fitted princess dress in a wonderful shade of tawny green velvet until v/e saw "Solid Silver," sophisticated in black trimmed with — of ail things — genuine silver kid' Hpre's the best part of all — you may purchase Mulligan models right here m Lafayette at ADLER'S, 425 Main street, so hurry down as fast as your slender legs can carry you!
Clank of sabers and shine of brass buttons! All eyes will be turned toward you when you arf rive at the Military Ball in that darling black velvet wrap with the ^ little rouncf white ^Hapin muff to keep your fingers toasty! Perfect over that heavenly white and silver chiffon gown, too, and just one of the cunning formal styles down at ALAN'S, corner of Fourth and Main streets. You won't be living on milk-shakes either, for a perfect wrap takes only $12 95, and formals start at $10 95
Top-hats, tiaras and a gown from THE THREE SISTERS! Better start thinkking about that Military Ball charmer now, while there is a complete line of new fashions to choose from! There's a blue velvet to make your skin look like pearl and an oldfashioned black taffeta picture gown like a cameo, and just dozens of others from strapless sirens to demure hoop skirts in their special price range — $6 99 to $12.95.
It's on the up and up — your hair, of course, milady! For those very important occasions to come when you want to look rather wonderful, drop inj down at thefj KIENLY BEAU-« TY STUDIO,^ 662 Main street, and entrust to * them your crowning glory. How about an upswept coiffure sprinkled with gold or silver crystals to complement your dream dress^ Better call 7727 for an appointment now, because KIENLY'S are very busy before these big week-ends!
Especially for you — the most becoming hat you've ever owned! just wait until you've feasted your eye on the rakish little doll hats at the N U STYLE HAT SHOPPE, as suitable over^ soft curls as^ perched over**' upswept coiffures! Lots of classic rollers and tyroleans, too, including some delectable models made of a new felt called "kitten fluff," and all priced to suit your flattened purse. Next time you are downtown why not drop in at the NU STYLE HAT SHOPPE, 128 Third street, and see what a lot of loveliness $2.98 will buy'
We hate to be shouting from the housetops all the time, but when something really wonderful like those No-Mend hosedown at QUEEN CITY comes up, we just can't refrain! Honest to goodness, we have worn a pair ever since school started and not a runner yet! The name IS No-Mend and they can be purchased in Lafayette only at QUEEN CITY, next door west of Loeb's! The price is $1.00 and you have all the best fall shades to choose from.
Classiiied Mds
measure and display woolen fabrics at 312 State St., October 26 and 27. $22.50. Open evenings. MISCELLANEOUS ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time and money. 614 Main St. Phone 7917.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—^Eastern Star rinsr, Saturday on campus or in Union Building. Call 66118. Reward.
WATCH CLEANING $1.00; main springs $1.00; crystals 26c and 35c. All work guaranteed. KELLAR’S WATCH SHOP, 228 Main.
LOST—Slide Rule. Call Paul E. Dawson. Tel^hone 85028. LOST—Black and blue suede belt on the campus last night. Reward. Mrs. John Randolph. Phone 2681. LOST—Chi Omega sorority pin. Please return to Phyllis Grossman, 402 Waldron street. Reward.
WBAA
of
LOST—Please give information concerning l^der taken from Kappa Homecoming decorations. Call 4079.
FOR SALE
TTPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.T6. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
TOPCOATS, Overcoats, Suits, Tuxedos a specialty for the tailored man by Jordan, Brown and sons of Chicago. They will
Conference; meet Arthur at 3:00; wedding anniversary—mustn’t forget .. . Don’t try to carry everything in your mind; carry it in your pocket, in the Robinson Reminder. ^1.00 to ^8.50. Model shown, $2.25. HAYWOOD’S "EVERYTHING FOR THE OFFICE" Fifth & Ferry Sts, Lafayette, Ind.
TODAY 11:00—PTA Program. 11:16—Charlotte Friend Stewart. 11:30—Tippecanoe County Federation
Clubs.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock—^pianist. 12:15—Civic Chats—^Mary Wagner. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Arsene Summers—contralto. 1:00—“I Want a Job.” 1:15—Pat Wolcott. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall—Footnotes of the Headlines. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :00—The Apothecary. 2 :15—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2 :46—Treasure Chest—John Hicks. 3 :00—Men of Vision. 3 :15—Pete Meginnis—baritone. 3 ;30—Navy Day Program. 3 :45—Morey Doyle—^pianist. 4 :00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4 :30—Stamp Club. 4 .•45—Story Book Hour.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union tonight, October 27, at 7:30 p. m. Reverend Ainsile will speak on “The Credentials of Israel’s Messiah.” All students are invited. —BURBRINK.
WAA Riflery: Practice will be held on the Archery range behind the Memorial Gymnasium. The schedule is as follows: Thursday, 6:15, Pedalion and Phi Mu; 7, Chi O ; 7 :46, Theta ; 8:30, make-up. —FRASER.
Girls Hygiene Classes: Dr. Lee will deliver a lecture to the women’s hygiene classes on “Social Hygiene” at 9 and 10 a. m., and 4 p. m. today, October 27, and at 8 and 11 a. m. Friday, October 28. Dr, Lee will be available for conferences with freshmen or upperclass women in the library of the women’s gym at all other hours. —RUSSELL.
Camera Club: Meet in Tower room Thursday night, October 27, at 7:30. Professor Kohl will speak. —HEPPEN.
Notices
Dairy Club: Meeting .Thursday, October 27, at 7:30 in Smith Hall. Freshmen invited. —MYERS. Sophomore Union Workers: Will our committees please meet in front of Dean Fish-
Actiyities Bureau Sophomores: Will the following sophomores please meet in room F of the Union 'rhursday, October 27, at 4 p. m.: A. Beddoe, C. Martin, Dottie Andrew, Anna Fae Campbell, Bill Rehm, Jerry Kirkpatrick, Bob Applegate, Rosemary Fell, Virginia Wright, Joanne Geer, Joe Hays, Marge Moore, Caroline Shaw, Betty Jane Darr, Dick Wilson, Paul Wilson, J. D. Fisher, and Bob Brody. —JORGESON.
Freshman Co-ed Exponent Workers: Work schedules for the week are as follows: Monday—Bourne, Wilkinson, Justin, Couter, and Baum. Tuesday—Irwin, Siess, Guise,
Densford, and Johnson. Wednesday—^Pierce, Voigt, Prather, Dennis, Frado and Huhn. Thursday — Hyman, Gre^ry, Stallings, Funkhouser, and Wellington. Friday'-Dhtdt Flint, Magley, Switzer, and McCann. Saturday—Cleveland, Abel, Nottingham, and King. —McKEE.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Candidates for the freshman basketball squad will report daily starting Monday, October 31. —LAMBERT.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Catterall in the Engineer office Thursday, October 27, at 4 p. m.: Bohlln, Ely, Kimmel, Lantz, Long, Ruth, and Stephens. —FELIX.
Riflery; Practice for Thursday, October 27, are as follows; 6:16 p. m., Pedalion and Phi Mu ; 7 ;00 p. m., Chi Omega; 7:46 p. m., Kappa Alpha Theta, and 8:30 p. m., make up. —SMITH,
Co-ed Singers: If there are any girls who would like to form a trio to sing on WBAA, please communicate with me at 6225. —ADAMS.
Recreational Swimming: There will be recreational swimming for co-'eda, graduate women, and the University clerical staff Thursday, October 27, from 7:30 to 9 p. m. Bring your own caps. —CASE.
Archery Enthusiasts: Archery games Saturday afternoon, October 29, from 1:30 to 4:30 on the north end of IM field. Clout, target, wand, and roving. Beginners welcome. Equipment furnished. —KINZER.
6Activities Bureau Sophomores: The following people report to Carl Lutz, Activities Bureau, room F of Union Thursday, October 27: Burnhan, Ells, Punsett, Goff, Houser, Seljande, Morgan, Guneson, Rhodehainel, McEwen, Kotfiia, Limpus, and Aiderman. —BREUER.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: The following report to Don Smith Thursday, October 27: Davis, Gipe, Hildebrande, Meurer, Rae, landovae, Shake, and others as usual. —BREUER.
YWCA Religious Group: Meeting today, October 27, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —BAKER.
Reamers Club; Actives and pledges meet at Hcavilon Hall at 7 p. m. Friday, October 28. Rough initiation. —JACKS.
Roger Williams Club: There will be a Halloween party Friday evening, October 28, at 8 p. m. at the Baptis Church. All students are invited. —WRIGHT.
Roger Williams Club: Meeting Thursday, October 27, at 8:46 p. m. at 140 S. Grant. —GLEASON.
Cancellations; Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar's Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —FISHER.
er’s office at 4:16 today, October 27. Bring fountain pen. —COOPER, CREPPS. Roger Williams Club: The Roger Williams Club will hold its annual Hallowe’en party Friday night, October 28, at the West Lafayette Baptist Church- All students are invited. —WRIGHT. Playshop Party: AH members of Playshop, workers and cast of “Room Serviccj” and anyone interested in joining Playshop are invited to a jamboree at the WAA cabin Tuesday, November 1, from 7 until 11. Meet at 7 o’clock at Fowler Hall. Twenty-five cents per person. —HETTEMA.
Lutheran Students Club: Business and social meeting to be held in room 1 and 2 of the Union Building on Sunday, October 30, at 7 ;30 p. m. i ' —OTT.
Radio Club; Regular meeting Tuesday, November 1, at 7:30 in room 264 of the EE Building. —BROWN.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard. Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Relster. -OAN.
Organized Green Potters: Important meeting Thursday. October 27. at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Wear pledge pins and pots. —GANO. Fraternity l*residents: Important call meeting in room F of the Union Building Thursday. October 27, at 7:16 p. m. Please be prompt. —DEAN.
WAA Hockey: This is the last week to make up hockey practices. Games b^in next week. —FRASER.
Freshman Speedball Classes: Special film on speedball will be shown at 3 p. m. and again at 4 p. m. o nMonday, November 1, in the Hygiene room. Anyone interested may attend. —FRASER.
Ward 2: Contrary to yesterday’s Exponent practice will not start until Mondav, October 30. —BALCOM.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 I Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
o BIN s o N
Have we neglected to mention it lately? I Crown Cleaned Clothes are mothproofed by the Monite Process. All wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. Crooei Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH "ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Bowling teams: The following teams are scheduled to bowl Thursday October 2'?: 7:00sp. m,—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi; Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Upsilon. 9:00 p. m.—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigrma; Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa. —WILLIAMSON.
Motorcycle Club: Meet In room A of the Union Thursday, October 27, at 7 p. m. -^TRIEBY.
trying out for cheerleader positions leave names and phone numbers with Frances Eastbum at 6091 during the noon hours, or at the activities bureau after 4 p. m. (10-27) —WmiER. WAA Hockey: All upperclassmen must get in practices this week. (10-27) —FRASER.
Glider Club: There will be a work session for all members at Tuckers gas station Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, October 26 to 28. —MOORE.
WAA Open Swim: All grads, undergirads, faculty women swim, Thursday, October 27, 7 until 9:80 p. m. —FRASER.
University Co-eds: All girls interested in
WAA Campcraft: Meeting postponed until Monday, October 31, at 7 p. m. Dr. Bose will talk on first aid in the woods. —FRASER.
EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASES The prize styles of the 1938-39 Fall and Winter season, bought specially from one of America's finest markets to give you a plus value far below regular cost. The Big Three Illustrated are three of the most popular fashions of the current season which you can now buy at considerable savings. Other styles also ranging upwards from
LOEB&HCNE COMPANY
Be Right— It Costs No More! You don’t have to spend a fortune to be dressed correctly, but you do have to select from clothes that are carefully chosen for their values, their better details of tailoring and their authentic quality. In this — we pride ourselves — we can be of service to you. Come in and let us show you the handsomely tailored, beautifully fitting suits and overcoats we’ve picked because they are outstanding values. You’ll really save money buying here. $21.50 Others $19.50 to $35.00 BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP 414 MAIN STREET