WSGA Executive Board Makes Nominations As Nonim
Announcement of the following candidates in the forthcoming W. S. G. A. elections was made by the executive board of the organization last night : president, Ruth Copeland and Jeanette Scudder; secretary, Mary Alice Learning and Margaret F. Jones ; treasurer, Fay Pendergrass and Vir-
ginia Slocum; junior representative, Dorothy: Martenet and Elizabeth Ann Stewart; s o p h 0 m or e representative, Mary Townsend and Mary
Wien.
Called Mass Meeting On Wednesday, March 11, there will be a called mass meeting of all members of the organization, when further nominations may be added to the slate. In Order that additional names be considered, a petition for the prospective nominee, signed by 26 co-eds, must be presented to Helen Hall, president of the Organization, before 4 p. m. Monday afternoon. In addition to the adoption or changing of the slate, constitutional changes, as proposed at the last mass meeting, will be voted upon by the group. Election of candidates will be held Wednesday, Mai-ch 18, at the same time that Y. W* C. A. and W, A'. A. votes will be cast;
RondeauGiven Slim Chance For Recovery Parents Of Despondent Youth Arrive From New York Earl W. Rondeau, freshman in the school of science, was reported still to be in a critical condition at St. Elizabeth’s hospital late yesterday afternoon. His condition has not improved but he is still holding his own. Dr. R. G. Ikins, attend--ing physician, reported that he did not expect the boy to survive; however, he is given a fighting chance
to recover.
His parents arrived from Whitehall, New York, yesterday and went immediately to his bed side. He is unable to receive any nourishment normally but has been supplied by injections into his system. No blood transfusions have been given the youth as yet, but three or four student blood donators have been selected and are being held in reserve should a transfusion become necessary. No Visitors Allowed On account of the nature of the injury, very little can be foretold on the outcome as complications may set in at any time. No visitors were allowed other than his par-
ents.
Letters found in his room indicate that he had become despondent over a love affair with a girl living in Middletown Springs, ,Vt. The youth claims that he accidently shot himself while making a drawing of the gun, but the police suspect that it was a suicide attempt.
P romen a dcrs
O. W. “Lefty” Martin, Alpha Gamma Rho and 1936 Junior Prom chairman, and Miss Mary Hunt, sophomore at Indiana State Teachers College at Terre Haute, who will lead the Grand March at the Prom this year.
Flowers Adorn Unioii As Florists’ Gottference Opens
Social Worker Interviews Co-eds Seven aspects of social service work and the importance of a knowledge of sociology and psychology in this work were discussed by Mrs. Ruby Strand Inlow before a group in the Y. W. C. A. office yesterday at 4 o’clock. Earlier in the afternoon Mrs. Inlow, the supervisor of the field work of the Indiana extension school of seiwice in Indianapolis, talked to several people in the office of Dr. O. F. Hall on the opportunities in social work. The Indiana extension school will initiate a program of graduate work in social service next September. This organization, which is a member of the American Association of Schools of Social Work, is one of high standing in welfare work.
Few Gotillion Ducats Left Aeiioiiiice Chaperones For Anniial Dance Due to heavy advance ticket sales for the Sophomore Cotillion, Skull and Crescent members must turn in all unsold tickets to Emmett Phelps, ticket chairman, at the Phi Kappa Sigma house by 8 p. m. tomorrow, it was announced last night. Sales will be limited to 300 and over 200 have already been
sold.
Sales at the Union desk wei’e stopped last night to prevent an over-sale. It has been necessary to limit sales in order that the ballroom, now shortened during construction , of the addition, will not be overcrowded. Ace Brigode and his Vii’ginians, featuring Sylvia Rhodes, will play for the formal dance which will be held Friday; March 13, from 9 until 1 o’clock. Co-eds have been granted two o’clock hours. ■ ; ■ ' : Chaperones as announced by Sam Wuletich, committee member, are: Pres, and Mrs. E. C. Elliott; Dean and Mrs. A. A. Potter; Prof, and Mrs. G. A. Young; Prof, and Mrs. R. G. Dukes; Prof, and Mrs. G. B. Jordan; Prof, and Mrs. Ji H. McKee; Prof, and Mrs. C. S. Doan, Prof. C. B. Murphy; Dean Dorothy C. Stratton; Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bodden; Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Vallely; and Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher.
The entrance lobby of the Memorial Union Building was transformed into a colorful bower of flowers yesterday as the ninth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference opened with about 200 Hoosier flower growers ,wholesalers, retailers and
emplojyees in attendance.
Among the blue ribbon winners in the various classes were J. H. Hill and Co,, of Richmond; Ba,ur and Steinkamp and Co., of Indianapolis ; Dorners, Inc., of Lafa:yette;
This evening at 8 o’clock; a floral musicale under the direction of A. P. Stewart, musical director, and E. R. Honeywell and R. B. Siegal, both of the horticultural staff, will be given in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The feature of the musicale^ will show the trend in the use of flowers for personal adornment, flowers for different occasions being demonstrated by students.
en Coaches Place Kessler On First Team Midaska Placed On Second String; Downeyf JLam-
Bob Kessler was named unanimously for forward bn the
f i ‘ ^ ‘if.
*Tat" Blalaska Was selected as guard on the second team, while Austin ‘‘Red’’’
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING , Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of P. R.. Marshall, Peoria, 111.; and J. R. Davis, Pittsburgh, Pa.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who, wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible; by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s office. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Reservations For Carmita Close Soon Reservations for the Student Union Production, “Carmita”, are still being received. Although the ticket sale has been brisk there are many choice seats available. Applications for ducats should be left at the Union desk addressed to the Mars box office. Regular ticket sales begin March 7, at the Mars theatre. Reservations will not be held later than March 9. All tickets will be sold on a cash basis.
Eitel Floral Co., of Greencastle; Clark Florists, of Lafayette; and Roth Florists, Inc., Lafayette. In the estates class the J. K. Lilly Estate and th© Marmon Estate, both of Indianapolis, were the more consistapt winners. One vase of floWers, known as “Birds of Paradise”, that were shipped from South America by airplane and exhibited by Clark Florists) attract
ed particular attention.
Discussion Topics
Ways and means of improving the yields, quality, and saleability of floral products are providing the main topics for discussion at the technical sessions of the conference which opened yesterday afternoon. Before the opening session, at whicffi Prof. Laurenz Greene, head of the department of horticulture, presided, recent developments in greenhouse insect and disease control were outlined by J. J. Davis and C. T. Gregory; both of the University, while William C. Berteman, of Indianapolis, chairman of the committee on plant patents of the Society of American Florists and Ornatmental Horticulturists, discussed the general subjed of
“Plant Patents”. Diniijer Ami Tow
A cafeteria dinner,. followed by a tour through the University Greenhouses and a soil testing demonstration in charge of S. F. Thornton, of the department of agricultural chemistry; comprised the evening’s program. From the^ Standpoint of the general public, a floral musicale, to be held this evening following the conference banquet, will provide the big feature. The musicale, open to the general public, will be in charge of A. P. Stewart, University choral director, and E. R, Honeywell, and R.B. Siegel, of the horti-
culture department.
team.
Kessler; how leading the conference scoring with 146 points, Was the only player to get the full 20 votes out of a possible 20. Bill Haarlow, Chicago star, next to Kessler with 138 points and also having one more game to play, was second to Kessler with 19 votes, one coach having placed him on the second team. Other players picked for the first team are John Townsend, Michigan, center, Vernon Huffman,. Indiana, and Harry Combes, Illinois, guards. The all-conference selections are dominated by stars of high scoring ability, the five named for the first team having collected a total of 552 points. This to some extent accounts for the failm’e of Lambert, considered by many to be the best guard in the Big Ten, to make the
team.
5 Purdue Men, Picked Five players out of the nineteen chosen by W. Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star, for Indiana’fe all-state net team aat’e members of the Purdue team; Kessler and Malaska were named as forward and guard, respectively, for the first team, along with Gtmning, Indiana, and Moir, Notre Dame, forwards; Pechtman, Indiana, and Ireland, Notre Dame, guards. " JeWell Young, Ed. Elliott, and Downey were picked as forward, center, and guard on the second allstate team. Englehart, Central Normal, and Ford, Notre Dame, forwards; Armsti’ong, Butler, center; and Walkei’, Indiana, and Snyder, Wabash, guards. Completed the second squad, As usual, the Star will . award the first eight men trophies. This season rfiey are to be in the form of gold basketball charms, suitably engraved.
Seniors WiR Hear H. Dean Talk On Jcijs FifthEmployineiit Lecture To Be Held In Fowler Hall At 4 Today Hugh Dean will address seniors today at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall on “Opportunities That Lie Ahead’’, at the fifth of this series of employment lectures. Dean is manufacturing manager of the Chevrolet Motor Company, with which he has been connected for twenty years. The manager has complete jurisdiction over all ten of the manufacturing plants operated by Chevrolet which employs approxittijately 50,000 men. Dean will take the place of M* E. Coyle, president of the Chevrolet company who is unable to come to the University because of the pressure of office work and conferences. Although the lectures are constructed for the Senior class, all students interested are invited to attend as are all faculty mem-
bers.
Takes U. S. Civil Job C. P. Baerman, C. E. ’34, is now located at Ft. Benjamin Harrison as project engineer on a WPA project involving grading and draining of Schoen Field Airport.
Cisne To Play For Formal Scabbard Aud Blade To Aueouuce Pledges Dick Cisne and his Illini band will furnish the music for the annual Scabbard and Blade dance tomorrow evening from 9 to 12 o’r clock when actives and pledges will entertain their guests in the ballroom of the Union Building. During intermission pledges to Scabbard and Blade will be announced. The formal pledging will take place in the peasant room of the Union at 8 o’clock before the dance. Corsages Frowned Upon Only pledges and actives will wear uniforms to the dance, and the, committee announced last evening that all corsages will be frowned upon. Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher and Col. and Mrs. W. A. Knapp will chaperone the affair.
Lost Something? Capt. B. F. Hayford, of the military department, is wondering how some students keep up their class work and appearance. He reports an assortment of texts, notebooks, two felt hats, and two slide rules. These articles may be called for in the Armory by the owners.
‘Its a pleasure, to be studying under a man that so thoroughly knows his subject,” was the comment of one student as he left the clasM’pom of Prof. Solberg in the Mechanical Building, This student knew that he had been listening to a very interesting instructor and an agreeable personality, but there were quite a few things he did not know. For instance: He did not know that he was studying under the foremost Authority in this country —and possibly the world—in the field of high pressure boilers, a comparatively new field in engineering development. He did not know that four of Prof. Solberg’s l^apers had been read at various annual meetings of the A. S. M. E., and that he was the recognized authority in the engineering world on properties of steam above the critical temperature—^an integral link in modern power plant development. Highest Average Only fifteen years ago, Prof. Solberg obtained his B. S. M. E* degree at South Dakota State College and finally succeeded in passing all his work With a four-year average of 9§.6 per cent, the high-
Phooey On The Yardstick
est average ever attained by any student of that institution. In ’23 he obtained his master’s degree at Purdue and has been a member of the staff since that time, advancing from an assistant instructor to the leader in his field. “Harry’s father,” (as Prof. G. A. Young put it) was head of the mechanical school at S. D., but in spite of this he urged his son to take up music. The piano was mas-
tered and later the clarinet, but his short stay as a member of the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra showed that the engineering urge was the stronger. But he continued his music as a soloist ih the Purduq band while studying for his master’s. ' Accomplished Orator Possibly the reason why students stay awake in Prof. Solberg’s classes is that he became an accomplished orator while at S. Dakota State, was a member of the debate team, and won contests from Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin and Minnesota—the neighboring states. These are only a few of the facts that the student didn’t know. There are a lot more: H© is head of the committee on standards in English; he parts his hair in the middle and wears a perpetual smile; he likes to tear down the New Deal’s “Yardstick” on powe'r production (“They don’t know all the factors that enter into power production, and they charge up 40 per cent to navigation on T. V. A.”); he has a turbine in his office that runs on sunlight; the M. E. stenographers think “he’s a peach”; he likes to lean against the rail in the mechanical lab and talk shop. And there’s still a lot more.
L. E. Lehker Takes Extension Position L. E. Lehker, University graduate who has been connected with the Rural Rehabilitation Service, with headquarters here, has been appointed extension entomologist on the staff* of the University department of agricultural extension, it was announced yesterday. Lehker, who graduated from the school of agriculture in 1933, specializing in entomology, will give demonstrations on insect \ control and be of general assistance to the farmers of the state in solving their insect problems in connection with his new duties.
100 Couples Attend PIA Tea Dance The Purdue Indepeudent Association tea dance held in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon was attended by a hundred couples. Bob Kelly, freshman science student, and his ten piece orchestra played from 4 to 6 o’clock. AH members of Kelly’s Orchestra are local boys, some high school seniors, others Purdue students. Vocalisfe are piob Skinner, Ronald Wilson, and Rob KeUy. ■;
iV iiii 'i I- iliiii
iM
' I1985^1986 ,
Member Associated Collegiate Press
Distributor of
OOLLBaiATE DIGESy ■ Member of NationOl Colles* Press Association, Bi^ Ten Editorial Association Endnsircly Kepreronted by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Masson Avenue, New Yotk City , Entered as second class matter at the post office, LiWayette, Indiana. Delivered by inall, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; soldi by single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5088
MAIN 6fFIC36^-312 North Fifft Street
Editorial Phohe 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF ■ ' ■ EditoP-in-Ohief „ V. TWannging Edit<w__.......^........._.. —1.................. Cl H. ,Campbell Associate Editors .............1 ......A. M. ChastCen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E. H; Morris. M. G. Walther Sports Editor. .... ..,...........L,....................N. E. Hays Associate Sports Editors....... D. F. Mull, R. H, Walpole, L. D. Wood 9(g)homore Assistants .......K* A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A, H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. ManiOn, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von HaTa Bold and Black Editor...... ...: .W. R. Abbott
Business Manager.....^... Advertising Manager... Advertising Assistants. Circulation Manage...; Circulation Assistants,.
BUSINESS STAFF , W. A. Koch ^ -H. F. Antoriini ' L, H. Bro-wn, R. Creek, D. C. Miller ....i ..:.R. J. Hiilse ........J. G. Girard, G. B. Shields
Editor Associate Editors....
WOMEN’S STAFF Joyce Wilna:ms Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Thursday, March 5, 1936,
Issue Editor—-R. C. Schemck.
Purdue’s Perfect Professor. There is a great deal of opinion that is continually making the rounds of the campus on the relative merits and deficiencies o&the various members* of the faculty. The conversations can usually be summed up in two expressions: “He (or she) is a swell egg” or “He’s terrible.” What is the baMs for the judgment? What are the distinguishing marks of a good instructor that sets him off from the ones termed “terrible ?” He knows Ms subject, and he knows it thoroughly. Nothing is so boring as the “er...ah” instructor who has an open mind for learning but has not as yet been able to find the time. Iiistructors who entertain students in “pipe” courses undoubtedly fill their classrooms, biit their popularity is a flighty one, even in the eyes of the students who want snaps. He is agreeable, and has a pleasing personality. The members of his class do not put on coats during the middle of the class period so that they can dash for the door at the last word of the lecture. He has not found it necessary to have surprise attacks in the form of quizzes so that he will have full attendance; the seats are full because his class does not leave without having gained something from the fifty minute period. He can speak distinctly aiid intelligently or, in the language of the student, he can^'put it out”. He knows the fundamentals of a good speech as contained in' any public speaking course, and he realizes the value of observing those simple rules, He does not get off on sleep-inducing tangents and his total capacity for wdt was not fulfilled by reading a 1914 Country Gentleman. When he is asked a question, the student is not made to feel like a penny waiting for change. He Keeps His Coarse Up to Bate, and does not use the lecture notes that he took while an undergraduate. He organizes the day’s work before he comes to class, and does not thumb through the book befofe he makes the following day’s assignment. His readings, as well as his lectures, contain interesting sidelights of related, current happenings. He is a Social Asset, and is often found as an interested spectator or leader in extra-curricular affairs. Sometimes he is asked to chaperone dances because he “fits”. He does not wear tlie same green tie for three months. He does not periodically brew disturbances within the faculty or he doesn’t , . . this could go on forever, Incidently, the same marks characterize the good student.
READERS’ OPINION' The Exponent welcomes comments ot good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Fonini—Or Agin’ ’Em?
To The Editor: A little over a month ago a Student Forum was organized under the auspices of the Purdue Student Union and the first meeting was held in the Union Building. According to advance publicity reports, the forum would endeavor to discuss “Comparative Religions”. Only 25 students attended the first meeting, in which many interesting :(acts were brought to light—not, however, without being domed in a heavy garb of linguistic magnificence. The second meeting attracted fewer students than the first, while the third meeting, held a week ago, barely contained the original “founders” of the forum. At the conclusion of the first meeting, the chairman asked for topic suggestions for the next week’s discussion. Someone suggested “National Politics’’ and another “The League of Nations”, but the suggestions were promptly vetoed by the chairman and the final selection was “Contemporary Philosophy”. The first named subjects were objected to bn grounds that they were too common-place and no definite progress could be made by discussing them. A Student Forum, “created for the student”, yet only onehalf of one per cent of the student body attended even the first and largest n^eeting of the group! The chairman referred to the gathering as a group of “intellectuals”. Yes, maybe they are. At any rate they’re too intellectual to consider the popular problems of the day. In the words of the chairman, “they’re too messy” to deal with. If this present discussion group would get off its “highhorse” for a while and expand its discussions to include topics that would prove interesting to the average Purdue student, topics in which there is some genuine interest instead of confining the two hours each week to the profound declamations ef a few self-styled “intellectuals”, more than 25 students would attend the gatherings. ' Purdue students are definitely not interested in philosophy, principally because a group of engineering, agricultural, and science students have not had the opportunity to become acquainted with such subjects. Furthermore, the Forum can not hope to stir up even the slightest student interest with these discussions. The Student Forum is, arid will continue to be, unless a change is made, a clique composed of those students who are fortunate enough to have been exposed to higher learning in the literary, philosophical, and artistic fields. To them, the Forum is serving its purpose, but it has no real value for the poor student who cannot grasp the meaning of all the “supersuperlative” diction issuing from the mouths of the “intellecWhy not a Student Forum for students?—E. H. M.
Art lovers in this community will have the opportunity during the next two weeks to view one of the most unusual exhibite of Original oil paiutings; ever exhibited at the University. Forty-eight paintings, all uniform in size add ranging in dOldr from very gay to sombre^ add depicting still life, landscapes, portraits and architectural subject matter are included in this traveling unit of the Isochromatic Exhibition under the auspices. of the Research Laboratory of M. Grumbacher of New York City. Another group has been sent out under the auspices of the College Art Association, The display at Purdue is exhibited in Building No* 2 under the direction of Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design , department in the school of home economics. Highly Educational The highly educational purpose of these free traveling exhibits of oil paintings, as outlined by the sponsors, is to show the latest works of artists, and to record the behavior, of an intermixable, fool proof and permanent palette, which is the. famous “Pretested” group of colors created according to “specifications as requested by the American Artists Professional League” an organization of over 12,000 art ists who have given this project for the preservation of present-day master-pieces, their hearty endorsement and collaboration. “Mere Beauty” According to M. M. Engel, who is in charge of the exhibit sent out by M. Grumbacher, “Ther^ are mil lions of art-hungry folk in Ameri ca today, nervously chasing futilities, because they do not know where ‘mere beauty’ can be found and there are. thousands of fine ere ative artists who yearn above every thing else to supply this human need for beauty. Meeting our responsibility to our own native artists will do more to reawaken American art. Pine original works of art seem to most people to be an unobtainable luxury, since our market has been flooded with reproductions of foreign contemporary art. Works of such artists as Frederick J, Waugh, acclaimed the greatest living marine-painter; Eugene Higgins, renowned for his powerful depictions of “humanity’s struggle With the soil”; Edward Dufner, the landscapist; Howard Chandler Christy; Jos. Cummings Chase, and Wayman Adams, a native Hoosier, are included. Many other younger artists are represented who may, through the opportunity given them by this country-wide exhibition, be recognized as potential “greats representative of such earnest efforts is Clyde Singer, who recently won the Norman Watt Harris medal and $500 at the Chicago Art Institute’s 46th Annual.
Wiley To Lead Fourth Discussion Group , The fourth meeting of the newly organized discussion group will be held under the direction of R, G, Wiley, junior electrical engineer, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, at 7:30 this evening. “What Is An Educated Man ?” will be discussed. The discussion will border on the question whether or not a university graduate is really educated since he lacks a variety of cultural subjects.
Gets WPA Poslttoii S. JE. Greicus, C. E. ’30, has re signed his position as assistant to Lt. Kreml in the Purdue public safety institute, to accept a U. S Civil Service position as engineer inspector on the construction of Port Peck Dam in Montana. This is a PWA project for flood control, irrigation, and power development on the upper Missouri River, estimated to cost approximately 30 million dollars.
DR. A. M, IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
That swell limousine “Areopagitica II” has Walt hut on the road someplace with his friend. One of them is keeping awsiy akain: —JUNIOR, It looks like we arh running out of scaRdalA-’^at we need is an-; other : ^odj clean election an “election” a,njrv?ay. Chari je Quiggle had his pin swiped and it came back through Alphazee Jones. That’s one way of getting a pin. The Sigma Nu “Boy Scouts” did their good deed for Wednesday when they relieved Charlie Trees of that muddy spot under his nose. And if Charlie Trees married Martha Wood on Arbor day, they could call their children little saplings—^just chips off the old blocks. Deac “Jessie James” Reisner’s progeny Hope forgot that she and Hazeboeck Were going steady when she made that date with Martin. Don’t worry Roger, he’s harmless. Kappa Harker believes that a letter a day will keep other women away, so Duke Skinner receives one every day. Does it work Jean? “Who was that lady I seen you with last night?” “Don’t say ‘seen’—-say ‘saw.’ ” “Never, mind my grammar,” “That wasn’t my grammer, that was my wife.” —mini. The Kappa alumnae can’t get over how the chapter has changed. When they were in school, it was all they could do to keep their charter---now the girls are getting cups for being good. If they only knew some of the things we know about the little angels.
“Shot with college” Lautz, the wonder boy from Buffalo, is teaching brother MaePherson how to he popular with the ladies these spring evenings. Although they both almost broke their necks peering into the Sweet Shop booths Tuesday night, neither of them had any success. And the way Counts and Purcell carried on last night—it was posi-' tiyely scandalous. Boy! Can they take it. The Alpha Zee freshmen -sure gave the actives a workout last week during “Hell-Week”. They put something in their breakfast coffee, and when you gotta go, you— Guess I’ll be going now.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING fora COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Risk Dental CHiiic PAULA. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BUCK JONES in ‘McKenna of the Mounted’
VICTOR JOKY EVELYN VENABLE in “Streamline Express” “ADVENTURES OF REX AND BINTY’
MIDNIGHT SHOW SAT. 11 :S “DANCING FEET”
fT^HE work of Bell Telephone Laboratories mi^t well he ealled "assets in the making.” It deals with.
value to telephone users. The truth of this statement is indicated by improvements already developed and now in daily use. The convenient handset telephone, the dial system, new magnetic alloys, overseas and ship-to-shore radio telephony are Just a few examples. Today more than 4000 men and women are carrying on this work to make tomorrow’s telephone service still better.
JFhy not telephone home mi Idmtomce eaeh week? For lowest rates to most points, call statiou-to-station after 7 jP. M. daily, or any time Sunday.
TODAY Friday - Saturday
SPEND ONE GLORIOUS EVENING WITH THIS WIDOW UNDER A MONTE CARLO MOON! She’s the girl who broke the man who broke the bank .at Monte Carlo! /
Siiliserilie f®r Tlie ExpuiieiitBanharachf fipt^en Gloves Winner^ Cap-^ tures Boxing Trophy 'Before a crowd of approximately five-hundred spectators, the Fifteenth Annual Athletic Carnival went oi^ with a bang last night in Memorial Gymnasium, with plenty of keen competition and rivalry in ritearly every event. Several of the events were close decisions, and some fast t^imes were turned in in the relay events. Bacharach, one of the contenders in the Golden Gloves finals, was selected as the best fighter in last night’s competition, and was given a silver trophy in recognition of his prowess. He defeated Smith in the finals of the 166-lb. class and took the measure of Scott in an exhibition bout. The majority of the fights were closely contested, the winners of the other divisions being as follows: 112-lb., Rose; 116-lb., Markey; 126-lb., Milne; 135-lb., Palmquist; 147-lb., Louis; 160-lb., Kirkman; 175-lb., Lynch; 185-lb., Long. In another exhibition Mann defeated Long. , Wrestling In wrestling, another of the feature events, the results were as
follows; 126-lb., A. Cantrell; 135lb,, Dkterle;, ,146-lb., Baullus; .155IbJ, Hoffmah;, i65-lb., Buoiiting; 175-lb. (iraVes; heaveyweight, Pell. In the Silver Derby, the most hazardous and hilarious events of the evening, the winners of each race'were as follows: tricycle, Phi Kappa; horseback, . Sigma Alpha Epsilon; barrel, Kappa Sigma; sack. Phi Delta Theta; stilt, Pirathon; three-legged race. Delta Sigma Lambda; wheel bartow. Sigma Alpha Mu; scooter. Phi Pi Phi. Phi Psi’s Win Relay Phi Kappa Psi’s relay team defeated Sigma Pi in the finals for the championship in the time of 2 minutes, 1 second for the eight laps. The fastest time was in the semi-finals, however, in which the champions defeated Kappa Sigma in 1:67. Mason, of Phi Kappa Psi, won the fraternity walking race, while Petry of Ward 10, took the ward event. The rope climb was won by Dow, Kappa Sigma, in 7.4 seconds, with Ganier, Phi Gamma Delta, and Hernly,' Phi Kappa Sigma in second and third places. A four man team representing Phi Delta Theta won the tug-of-war, outpulling the S. A. E.’s for the cham^ pionship in a tough battle. The tumbling competition ended with Buehting, Phi Kappa Psi, in first place; Browning, Beta Theta Pi, second; and MBason, Phi Kappa Psi, third. Winner of the participation trophy will be announced later along with winners of individual trophies
Smokes Sweet Stays Sweet NiTlKEUEKITSFUmR Also Imperial Yello Bole $1.50
Sportswomen Will Breakfast Sunday Breakfast will be served to members of the Purdue Sportswomen at the W. A. A. cabin a|; 8 o’clock Sunday morning. At this time final plans will be made for the “Penny Carnival”, to be held April 15. Georgia Halstead and Mildred Fitch are in charge of food for the breakfast.
She’ll Think Yonr Flowers Are Lovely A shoulder bouquet or corsage for the Formal Dance will mean a great deal to her. And if it is our bouquet, she’ll know it will be as beautiful at the end of the dance as at the beginning because it is properly made.
Burner’s fi,
lower Shop I
Main at 7th Stop In or Phone Us Phone 6050 |
Seniors To Battle ^’or Honor Of Playing Op Three Title Teams Whether Purdue is to figure iri the Big Ten title distribution for the third successive year 'or be relegated to the runner-up post in the current championship chase will be determined on Saturday as the high-scoring, but comparatively diminutive, Boilermakers tackle the rangy Michigan quintet at Ann Arbor in the final game of the conference season. The height' of ,the Wolverine combination, built around the clever passing of the Townsend brothers from Indianapolis, is expected to provide the major problem for the Boilermaker speed merchants as they endeavor to clamber back on the top rung of the Big Ten' ladder alongside of Indiana. Last Game For Seniors In addition to the current championship urge for the squad as a whole, three seniors will have an unusual incentive for victory in the return battle with the Wolverines, who were defeated here, 41 32, after a hard struggle. Victory over Michigan would give Captain Bob Kessler, All-American forward and current leader in the individual scoring race; Austin “Red” Lambert, back guard whose steady performances have earned him a rating as the Big Ten’s leading defensive player, and Ed Elliott, scrappy center, the unique distinction of i having played on championship teams throughout their collegiate careers. The Boilermakers tied for the title last year, were undisputed champions the year previous, As one of the featured sidelights of the championship clash, considerable interest will be focussed on the scoring activities of Capt. Bob Kessler, who is leading Bill Haarlow, of Chicago, by eight points in the race for the individual scoring crown, with 146 points agajnst 138 in 11 games. Although the conference record of 167 points appears to be in little danger, a repetition of Kessler’s scoring against Iowa in the last game would enable him to shatter the mark by a single point.
Just three more days and it will be all over, but the shouting, and the basketball team can hang up their jerseys till next season rolls around. It looks like they can once more lean back in ease with a conference title in their back pockets. Kessler really went places last week, his 22 points puts him in front of Haarlow, giving him a fair chance of [Winning the Big Ten scoring championship this year. Last year he needed only 11 points to tie the Maroon star, but in that last game against Northwestern he was held down by the Wildcats. This year he has the same total and a much better chance 'of winning. —ss—■ Two Wisconsin teams will collaborate in a double bill marking the finale of their 1936 seasons. The basketball team meets Chicago and the wrestlers grapple Wheaton College; the mat match being staged immediately after the basketball game. —^ss— Rumors come and rumors go with little truth behind them. Rumor had it that the Boiletmaker basketball squad was thinking of entering the Olympic eliminations despite their first declination. On direct information from Coach Lambert it was learned that the team has not changed its first decision though they were asked to reconsider. First Purdue, then N. Y. U., Long Island U., and later Notre Dame and Illinois dropped the opportunity of representing the U. S. in the Olympic basketball contests. The trials must have some great drawbacks the sponsors overlooked.
Miss ScMeman Entertains WRH Group Miss Helen Schleman entertained a group of ten co-eds of the Women’s Residence Hall from 9:30 to 10 o’clock Tuesday night in her rooms. She plans to entertain all the girls in similar groups in the near future.
And don’t want to pay an awfnl lot for it, and don’t want to walk a long way to get it, and you like it' to have the right flavor for whatever it is. You eat at the
MUSIC While You Dine Every Noon . . . 12:10<12:40 Orval Wray and his orchestra with dance music to make yonr noon hour more pleasant.
tINIBM. CAFETEMA
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE Memorial Union “The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities*’
Ounson Ruled Favor, ites ta Contest Saturday At Bloomington As a final tune-up for the Big Ten indoor championships at Chicago . March 14, Purdue’s track squad will journey to Bloomington Saturday to meet Indiana’s well balanced squad. Indiana’s allaround strength, coupled with Purdue’s loss of Cop-captain Claude Moore, nailer, will make the Crimson topheavy favorites. Two of the feature races are expected to be provided in the sixty yard dash where Stalcup, erstwhile quarterback on the gridiron, is capable of giving Collier, the Crimson fiash, a great battle, and in the half-mile run where Co-cap-tain Lakie Glendenning will be matched against Hobbs. Glenden ning took the measure of the Crimson ace last year, but lack of indoor training facilities has kept him from reaching top form so far this season. Other Runners With Moore out, Goory, a fast developing miler, is ^pected to bear the Boilermaker burden in that event and possibly double in the two-mile with Janos, a crosscountry veteran. In the quarteimile, Bleumel, a veteran, and Fifield, rugged sophomore, are Pur due’s best bets, while Lemen, another sophomore who is just recovering from a muscle strain, will be the outstanding entry in' the hurdles, and may possibly compete in the high jump along with Wil liamson. Tom McGannon of ,football fame.
ille Bdilermuken mae'’reIaS'' - ■
httmtion k expected to be
ed of Bleumel, Fifield, Lemen andL'f'Si|;C|f|||5''
either Glendenning or Terhun’e-'.
In Lafayette Dewenter handles The Mitt MEWENTTER’S 416 Main...Lafayette
Ip
■
'' : :;h!
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts. SOUTHWORTH’S
>1
' 'M '‘W ‘ta'Fj •iiii
'.Wj: 'rpmClassified Adsi
TYPEWKITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigrapb and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Straight eight, four passenger, Marmon coupe. For Sale Cheap, West Lafayette Garage.
Lost—^BrOwn coin pui’se between Bartlett’s and Southworth’s, containing several dollars. Reward offered. Return to Mary Ann Kelsay, Theta House. Tel. 5031.
For Sale—^Tuxedo suit size 40 or 42, cost new $85, Bargain at $6. 5 extra nice evening dresses, like new (cost between $20-$25 new). Priced from $3 to $5. Back number magazines Ic to 5c. Books. Small Philco Mantel Radio, $7. 7 tube Atwater Kent, $7, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th St.
Prof. Sidwell Describes “Seal” Flood Of 1913 By Frances McKee Musing about what a real flood would be like, and very much disappointed that what might have been another 1913 flood, about which we’d heard so much, seems to have been devaluated to just a bad over-flow, we took up the notes of an interview with Professor Paul Sidwell concerning that real flood. At that time the Sidwells were living in Lafayette. In interviewing Prof. Sidwell we were disappointed' to find that he wasn’t or didn’t even know anyone who was on the bridge at the time it was swept off its piimingp. This was the second connecting bridge at the site. The first had been a wooden three span bridge; this was a steel affair.
NOTICES No notices acc^ted after 8 p. m.
Condition Exam—An exam for the re moval of conditions in chemistry 1 will be g-iven in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. ^m. Application for permission to take this exam must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than Maixh 12. By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Condition Exams in History—Exa^ for removal of conditions in all courses in hiS' tory, economics and government will be held Saturday,' March 7, 1 p. m., in room 313, Recitation Building. Application must be made prior 'to that time at the history office. Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —NELSON.
Radio Club—No meeting this week due to conflicts. —WETTLER.
P. I. A. Orchestra—Rehearsal tonight at 7 in tower room of Union.
—DAY.
Student Senate—Meeting toniight at 7 in
peasant room.
—STONE.
Sigma Delta Psiat 4.
-Tryouts in small gym
—McCORMICK.
Christian Science Organization—Meeting today at 8 in the reception room of Union.
—DRISCOLL.
Eta Kappa Nu—Formal pledging at 7:30 this evening in rooms 1 and 2 of- Union.
—BURRELL.
Co-ed Fencing-
-Practiee tonight at 7 :30. —HADLEY.
\V'. A. A. Basketball—The following basketball games are scheduled for today at 4 : Ward 1 vs. Ward 2, in larg gym; "Ward 4 vs. Kappa Alpha Theta, in small gym; at 4:30: Alpha Chi Omega vs. Alpha Xi Delta, in large gym; Kappa Kappa Gam' ma vs. Pi Beta Phi, in small gym.
—CHARLES.
Prof, J, J. Davis Attends Iowa Conference
Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology department, left here yesterday afternoon for Des Moines, Iowa, where he will attend a conference of north central states entomologists today and tomorrow. Results of research in insect control, insect problems of the past year, and plans for the coming year in view of the probable situation, will all be discussed
at the conference.
Eventful Day
On that eventful day, March 28, 1913, Prof. Sidwell was ill. When he had recovered enough to return to teaching, he found a ferry running on a cable across the river. He explained that when the current was very swift, the ferry was propelled as the result of resolution of forces against a rudder, the physics of which we don’t understand, but which nevertheless got the boat across. After the speed of the cur rent was lessened a donkey engine pulled the boat back and for-th. The Wabash Ferry The ferry, hardly more than raft with a hand rail, could have held about two automobiles. It was perhaps 18 to 20 feet long and about 20 feet wide. The usual “crowd” of passengers was a mul titude of ten or fifteen. Sometimes Missed On mornings when he made the boat, for Prof. Sidwell admits once or twice missing it and having to wait a long interval before it returned, he might have as fellow passengers Dr. Hatt, head of the civil engineering school; Professor Marshall, head of the mathematics department; and Professor Ayers, formerly head of the English de-
partment.
The water in the 1913 flood reached as high a point as the place on State Street where the latter makes a sudden jerk; one feels that the street car at this place is going to take a back somersault. Ferrying remained the means of driver crossing for some
time.
Although Prof. Sidwell doesn’t remember the fact, a University freshman was killed, according to the Moi’ning Courier. The student, with another, was in a canoe trying to rescue some men stranded out in the water. The canoe was overturned and only one of the boys rescued. The body of the other was recovered eleven days later.
Former Associate Professor Weds The marriage of Dr. Agues Tilson, of Detroit, Michigan, to MT. William Adcock, of Greenwood, Ky., in Louisville, Ky., on Tuesday, February 26, was announced yesterdayJ They will be at homo at 66 Smart Street, Greenwood, Ky., March 8, after a southern honey-
moon.
Mrs. Adcock was formerly associate professor of home economics education at the University, having served in that capacity from 1918 to 1924. She was graduated from Butler and Purdue Universities, and received her Ph. D. degree from Columbia. After leaving here she joined the staff of the Merrill-Palmer school in Detroit, where she was a specialist in par-
ent education.
Mrs. Adcock has worked with such national programs as the White House Conference on Child Health and Protection, National Council of Parental Education, and the Federal program of emergency
education.
Need ThesU Matermtf* Might Try Vsin^Turk^ Rochester, N. Y.—(ACP)—Morris Schnidman, a University of Rochester junior,' is a great and good friendj-by-corTespondehic'e of Ghazi Mustapha Kemal Pasha Afaturk. And in case you don’t know who Mr. Ataturk is, he’s the president of the Republic of Turkey, and he’s been bombarding Schnidman with pamphlets, magazines and books about Turkey ever since Schnidman sent a request to Pres. Ataturk for material for a thesis he is writing., on Turkey. One of the real eye-openers Schnidman received -was a bound copy of a speech the president had delivered on international affairs
a speech thdt r^^uired’five* dayB for conkI)lete deliyerjf and d ifanslation 6f whicli cevers, 724 priiiied pages.' And Turkey’s minister of the interior sent him a letter which closed thus: “If you think you need more material in the preparation of ybur work,' ■will you kindly let us know about it?”
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like And as you like it. Popular Prices
, •, ' K6S4 fttr' trilrtfcB,’' dbot iockAl’^ic'- * lockB,, night latches and jp'adlocks. •Auto keys.’and handle, locks a specialtr. , ' ' . , ■; . ^ . ’ P. Jo$;-Mulhaupt & 'Son ■ 209-11 North Fifth StfeCt Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
ATO ToHoMDinner At Indianapolis Several members of the local chapter of Alpha Tau Omega will attend the annual “state” ATO din-ner-dance, to be held Saturday evening in the Lincoln hotel, Indian apolis. The chapters of Indiana, De Pauw, and Rose Poly Technical, along with the University chapter, conduct this dinner-dance yearly, and the active alumni and pledges of the University of Illinois, Chi cago, and Wittenburg College have
been invited.
Don Kaye and his Scythians will play for the affair after Dr. Harvey Howard, St. Louis, addresses the group. Dr. W. K. Hatt, Capt. and Mrs. C. C. Duell, Prof, and Mrs. J. J. Davis, and Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Hall, all of West Lafayette, will chaperone the dance.
It May Be So^ But— A recent blaze at Ohio State, in a woman’s dorm, was caused by a cigarette which was found by the firemen at the' spot where' the fire began. But the university rules say there can be no smoking in the dormitary, consequently the official report reads—“Caused by a cigarette which blew into the building.”— From the “Carolinian”.
Junior Chemicals To Visit Kokomo Plant Twenty junior chemical engineers in metallurgy will make a one-day inspection trip to the Continental Steel Corporation in Kokomo today. The trip will be under the direction of Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering. The complete story of the manufacture of sheet steel, wire, nails and fencing from scrap will be seen in the one plant. Inspection of the open hearth furnaces, rolling mills, physical and chemical testing ap paratus will complete the day’s visit.
vs.
vs
Phi
BASKETBALL
TODAY Court 1
BORCHELT
7:00 Sigma Alpha Epsilon Delta Tau Delta. 7:15 Alpha Tau Omega
Delta Theta.
8:25 Ward 4 vs. Ward 11-B 8:40 Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta
Pi.
Court 2 HUTT 7:00 Ward 2 vs. Ward 11-A. 7:15 Ward 2X vs. Ward 11-C. 8:25 Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi Court 3 SCRIVNOR 7:00 Second Floor North vs. Third Floor North. 7:15 Second Floor East vs. Third Floor East. 8:25 Ward 15 vs| Ward 11-D.
Foreign Students Talk To Horticnltiire Club Forty members of the Horticulture Club met last night to hear a discussion of foreign agriculture conditions presented in conjunction with the regular business meeting. Two members of the Cosmopolitan Club, M. G. Haug, a graduate student from Germany, and A. F. Putoohee, from Germany, talked with reference to the condition of agriculture in their native countries.
'While we are so busy we are apt to forget Have us make calls regularly for your clothes to be Crown Cleaned and Pressed.
These days when everybody is talking championship and busy with a hundred little odd jobs of spring, it is easy to neglect your personal appearance
FINE
CLOTHES
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werklioff Company Phone 3882
LYLE E. FISHER ^ Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
SENIORS! We make application pictures for $1.25 per dozen. Special price on lots of fifty or more. Rembrandt Studio 105 'Vine St. W. Lafayette
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
if a Saatdwicli a Drii&Ic then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Gopyrteht 1933, The Ameilcm Tobacco Company
A LIGHT SMOKE OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
All kinds of people choose Luckies, each for reasons of his own. But everyone agrees that Luckies are A Light' Smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco. It is a rather surprising fact that the leaves of the same tobacco plant may vary far more than the leaves from plants of quite different types. Chem-
ical analysis shows that the top leaves contain excess alkalies which tend to give a harsh, alkaline taste. The bottom leaves tend to acidity in the smoke. It is only the center leaves which approach in nature the most palatable, acidalkaline balance. In Lucky Strike Cigarettes, the center leaves are used.
Luckies are less acid j .
olker pppuldf hove an excess ef acidity pvejf Lucky Strike pf from
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigarettes §,... 3, .3. 3. BALANCE ; ; |; t LUCKY STRIKE ~i t 1 ■
braN D B
I BRAND C~
ttREBULTS VERIFIED BV INDEPENDENT CHEMICAL LABORATORIES AND RESEARCH GROUPS
iJ
IFS TOASTED"
Your throat protection — against irritation —against cough