I \
:
c
c
®he Purtfuc TSxpamat
VOLUME XLVIII
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University JLAFATETOE, INDIANA^jggRggAY^^CTOBERjjo, 1936
NUMBER 34
LAUNCH NO SMOKING DRIVE
Teaun Send-Off Set For 8:25
Assemble In Village For March Across Levee Bell, Graves, Isbell To Talk At Big Four Station Pep Session Before Train Pulls Out At 9 Tonight
Pep! Yells! Enthusiasm !
The time: 8:25 o’clock tonight. , The place: Before Deac’s store in the village. What: Pep session send-off for the team. Walt “Gunner” Burnell, head cheer leader, has organized the
seession, assisted by members
Campus Groups Back Revival Of Tradition
of Gimlet, Reamer and Skull and Crescent. Students will form in the village at the appointed time and accompanied by the band, march to the Big Four Railroad station at First and South streets. The train, carrying the team to Pittsburgh for the intersectional battle -with Carnegie Tech, will leave at 9 o'clock. A short pep session similar to the one conducted last week will be held before the train leaves. Captain George Bell, Lee Graves, guard, and Cecil Isbell, fullback, will give short talks.
ROTC Smoker 7:30 Tonight Senior Cadets Will Play To' Juniors At Gathering In Union Advanced course military students are to have their annual fall 'smoker this evening at 7:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. The Cadet Officers’ Entertainment Committee is in charge of the affair. Senior cadet officers, acting as hosts, will have the opportunity to get acquainted with their successors. The program for the evening includes pictures of last summer’s incidents at Fort Knox, songs, an appearance of the Zouave Squad, and fencing demonstrations.
E. E. Honorary Pledges 15 Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary fraternity announces the pledging of 16 ment selected at a meeting Monday night in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. The men are: J. W. Batchelor, Indianapolis; R. W. Beaudway, Chicago; S. T. Brewer, West Lafayette; L. W. Buchanan, Covington; R. E. Dutenhaver, Mishawaka; C. F. Hall, Swanton, Ohio; E. L. Kellar, Georgetown; L. F. Lischer, Michigan City; H. W. McKee, Indianapolis; C. D. Sloan, Brownsburg; R. H Schlundt, Evansville; W. L. Wearly, Warren; W. W. Winter, Chicago; H. F. Wells, St. Louis, Missouri; and W. H. Wood, Chicago.
Westminster House Host At PartyTomorrow Night Tattered clothes and worn-out shoes will be in vogue at the Westminster Foundation hard-times Halloween party at Westmister House, 129 Sheetz street, tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. A typical Halloween program is being planned which will be followed by refreshments. An invitation has been issued for all students to attend.
Dr. Creek Will Speak At Graduate Forum Sunday Dr, H. L. Creek, of the English Department, will address the Graduate Forum on “Developing A Cul tural Life” Sunday at 6>:30 p. m. at its weekly meeting in the Wesley Foundation House, 436 State Street.
C.W. Jones To Speak Before AIEE Tonight Eli Lilly Official WiU Discuss Student Employment Problems “How To Get A Job And Hold It” will be discussed by Charles W. Jones, employment supervisor of Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, at an open meeting of A. I. E. E. at 7:30 o’clock tonight in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Build-
ing.
“As personnel director of Eli Lilly and company, Charles W. Jones is well qualified to speak on the subject of getting and holding jobs,” Prof. J. E. Walters, director of the University .personnel department, stated last night.' “His company has one of the best personnel systems in existence. I advise all students to attend this lecture,” he concluded. Jones will explain the system in use in his company and point out to students successful methods of seeking employment.
SAE To Direct Auto Show Representatives To Attend Banquet The annual Auto Show sponsored by the local student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will be held in the Mechanical Building December 10, 11, and 12. A banquet in the Union ballroom is planned for the night of December 10 when a representative from the national organization in New York and presidents and representatives from the branches in Detroit, St. Louis, Dayton, Indianapolis, and Chicago will be present. Local dealers will provide the exhibit^ which will be a display in the large laboratory.
Student Mirror To Publish ^^Primer For Democracy^^ With the co-operation of President Roosevelt, Congressman Lemke. Governor Landon, and Norman Thomas, the National Student, Mirror, student-edSted magazine will publish a “Primer For Democracy” as a special election issue. The issue, which was released on Monday, October 26, endeavors to arouse college students against the “rot, cant, and hypocrisy in government and in politics.”
Former Gov. Leslie Speaks Tonight Harry G, Leslie, former governor of Indiana, will be the chief speaker at a Republican rally to be staged in the Morton School Building, West Lafayette, at 8 p. m. tonight. Purdue’s Landon-For-President club, led by Fred Stalcup, will be out in full strength to support the gathering, it was announced yesterday.
We, The Undersigned
The undersigned organizations, representing the student body, have agreed to uphold the “no smoking” tradition. We maintain that smoking should not be countenanced on any portion of the campus, except in the Memorial Union Building. To this end, we have decided to exert all means at our command to bring the value of the tradition to the attention of all students and faculty members. We shall do all in our power to restore this long standing tradition. From this day forth, let there be NO SMOKING on the Purdue campus. Activities Council Gimlet Club Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council Reamer Club Women’s Athletic Association Cary Club Purdue Independent Association Gold Peppers Skull and Crescent Mortar Board Student Senate Student Union Interfraternity Presidents’ Council
Last Military Ball Bids On Sale Today
The remaining tickets for the Military Ball will go on sale this afternoon at 4 o’clock at a table in the Union lobby. Members of the Military Ball committee have been canvassing the advanced military classes since last Saturday and as a I’esult there are only a few of the ducats left. The price is the same as last year, $2.60, and the band will be Bill Hogan’s, from the Coconut Grove, in Hollywood.
Gordon Will Play At Mixer Gray Gordon and his sixteen-piece orchestra will be the attraction at the regular Saturday mixer. Gordon will come direct from South Bend where he is playing an engagement Friday night. Featured with him are “The Strangers,” Mary, Joe and Marge. Gary Temple, formerly with Vincent Lopez and Henry Busse, is his vocalist. Coming from the Texas Centennial, Gordon has played at the Hotel Schroeder in Milwaukee, the Lookout House in Cincinnati, and at the Hotel Kentucky in Louisville.
Politics Topic Of Forum Discussion Politics and the coming election will be the discussion in a student forum to be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 this evening. Three speakers will address the students on the topic: “Political Problems and Their Solution.” Speaking from the Republican angle will be E. B. Davidson. The Democratic ideas will be outlined by Prof. C. Murphy, while Dr. R. Risk is giving the viewpoints of the Socialists.
Civile To Tour Calumet City Seniors To Inspect Factories, Constructions In Two-Day Trip^ Seniors of the civil engineering school will go on an inspection tour of the Calumet industrial district of northern Indiana tomorrow and Sat urday. Prof. J. D. Hoffman will give an illustrated lecture on “The Manufacture Of Steel” today at 4 o’clock in room 101, of Michael Golden Shops, as a preliminary of the trip. Tomorrow morning the University men, with civil engineers from Notre Dame and Rose Polytechnical Institute, will visit the American Bridge Company plant in Gary. Later the group will inspect Calumet’s Fourth avenue viaduct construction, the recently built activated sludge plant, and Hammond’s new water filtration works. Following the scheduled inspection of the mill of the Carnegie Illinois Steel Company, the official tour will end. The men from the various institutions are to be entertained tomorrow evening by the Portland Cement Association at a dinner at Vogel’s Fish House.
Student Leaders Discuss Problem At Joint Meeting By K. E. O’Neil. Smoking on the campus must be prohobited! This was the unanimous agreement of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, Gimlet, Student Senate, Reamers, Mortar Board, Student Union, Skull and Crescent, Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, Gold Peppers, Women’s Residence Hall, Purdue Independent Association, Cary Club, Activities Council, at a joint assembly in Eliza Fowler Hall last night. These organizations also stated that this old tradition will be enforced at all times. With Glen Martin, Student Senate president, acting as chairman of the meeting, it was decided to revive this tradition which was being slowly forgotten and ignored. Students Are Careless Bill Hodgdon, president of Gimlet, said “Students are careless; they always were, and always will be. Smoking in certain places can never be permitted. If smoking continues, the campus will be littered up with trash. If we eliminate all smoking from the campus, we will attain a distinction among American universities.” “We should do our part in not smoking on the campus, and the faculty should also regard this tradition,” said K. B. McEachron, East Cary Club president. Wes Dwight, Debris editor, stated “ I believe that the majority of the students on the campus are proud of this tradition, and we are the ones to carry it on.” As a closing statement Martin said, “Students should take it on themselves to uphold this tradition, and not leave it to campus organizations to enforce no smoking.”
ft
Just Growed** A tradition is a law or custom handed down orally and in college life it usually ‘just grows.’ When worthwhile it becomes more cherished and sacred each year; when not worthwhile it disappears and is finally for-
gotten as it should be.
The tradition of “No Smoking on the Campus” started from certain prohibitions due to possible fire hazards in buildings, and the rule was taken over by the students and applied to the campus. The older students and alumni like to think of “No Smoking on the Campus” as a sacred tradition to be maintained and upheld by
the students.
This is the way I like to think of it and I have been on the Purdue campus for 43 years. I think it is a worthwhile tradition and deserves support and observance by the students
and faculty. G. A. Young,
Head of the School
of Mechanical Engineering.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsinsr Room
Third Indiana Fire School Ends Close to 400 Indiana firemen attended the closing sessions yesterday of the third annual Indiana Fire School held here. The final attendance was swelled by large delegations from Marion, Anderson, Kokomo, and Logansport. Use of protective fire systems provided the main topic for discussion at yesterday’s sessions. The sprinkler systems and electrical protective systems were discussed. Prof. C. A. Sprague of the University explained the electric power line and the fire stream. The danger of fighting certain kinds of fires with water was demonstrated in a sound picture entitled, “Dangerous Dusts” produced by the U, S. Department of Agidculture.
VICTORIA REGINA By Laurence Housman A dramatic biography of one of the two greatest queens of England which carries the reader from 1837, just before her accession to the throne, to June 1897 and the Diamond Jubilee. The incidents which are dramatized are for the most part intimate ones, each one serving to portray some aspect of Victoria’s character. The scenes are courtly in their setting but they are also domestic. It is hardly necessary to say that there is no plot but rather an unfolding year by year, which tells in vivid fashion the life story of this remarkable woman. The author is not blinded by reverence for his sovereign but understands her foibles, even her pettiness and poor sportsmanship in politics in later life, yet he leaves us a picture of a great old lady well content with the pageant of her Diamond Jubilee.
Estey To Discuss British Fiction “British Fiction In The Browsing Boom” will be the subject of a talk by Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the University economics and history department, to be given tonight at 7:30 in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Under his guidance most)^ the books by British authors in the Browsing Room were se* leeted.
Parents End Conference Mrs. J. K. Pettingill, Detroit, Michigan, first vice-president of the National Parents and Teachers Congress, was the principal speaker at the closing session banquet of the Indiana Parent Institute yesterday. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton also spoke. A 4 o’clock tea was given in honor of the fifty members of the institute by the Home Management house. Miss Hughes, president of the Parent Institute, and Mrs. Winslow, vice-president, poured. The Concert Choir, led by Mr. A. P. Stewart, entertained the banquet guests.
6,000 WiH View Hort Flower Show November 6, 7, 8 Next Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, November 6, 7, 8, approximately 6,000 people, all interested in some phase of horticulture, are expected to visit the Purdue Horticultural Show to be held in the Horticulture Building. C. D. Koch, manager of the show, last night urged visitors to come before Sunday afternoon if possible to avoid over-crowding. Last year between 1 and 4 o’clock Sunday afternoon 3,000 persons viewed the exhibit.
Union Show Aspirants WiU Try Out Today Thanksgiving Day’s Union Show tryouts will be given this after noou at 4 oclock in the balh'oom pf the Memorial Union Building according to an announcement made by Ward Stallings and Jean Perkins. This show will be a means of finding talent for the big Union show which comes in the Spring.
Co-eds To Vie ForLoddeCup Final Registration Date Set For Nov. 4; IVeliminaries Nov. 5 Final registration for the Lodde speaking contest, open to all girls with the exception of members of the co-ed debate squad, will be held Wednesday, November 4. Names must be submitted to the debate office in the Memorial Union Building before 6 o’clock. Preliminary speeches will be given in room 301 of University TT«11 November 6, while the seven finalists will compete November 10 for permanent possession of a desk plaque given through the courtesy of the Lodde Jewelry Company, of Lafayette. The sponsors are also donating a cup to the organization winner. Subjects The subjects to which the co-ed orators -will be limited are: “What Students Talk About”, “Sorority Rush System”, “What We Get Out Of College”, “Is This A Man’s University?”, “Campus PoKtics”, “Effects Of Moines On Youth”, “Manners”, and “Should The NYA Be Made Permanent?”
Women’s Club WiU Discuss PoUtical Parties Discussion of “The Changing Political Parties” is the purpose of the meeting of the current history section of the Purdue Women's Club today at 2:30 in the Memorial Union Building. The angles to be considered are; “Fi-anklin Delano Roosevelt va« Thomas Jefferson;” “Liberalizati<Ht of the Republican Party”; “The So--cialism of Norman Thomas”; and “The Independent Voters,” The dig* cussion will be under the directiott of M;-s. R. N. Shreve. The meeting is open to all members of the Pui'due Women’s Club,
Clear And Colder
Tmnpy Frost is on the pumpkin and iVb also on my tail. The fodder’s in the shock, and my fodder (the editor to you) is in Louisville, so we can shoot de woiks. Today wUl be elear» Qob(« and firosty.
K t
j. t3:-.-?llf‘’''f7,' •' " ’V ''
Qi^'.';,' ■
■■• ''j;,;
Pagel'wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thurada^r, Oetpbey 29> 1936
No Smoking
Resentment against the continual breaking of the no smoking tradition during the last three years broke into open flame last night as representatives of leading campus organizations met in Eliza Fowler Hall and inaugurated the long overdue campaign against smoking on the Purdue campus. The fact that endorsement of the campaign was practically unanimous indicates how thoroughly disgusted campus leaders are at the manner in which certain individuals and groups have taken it upon themselves to rob our school of a time-honored and valuable tradition. The no smoking tradition cannot be successfully defended on the grounds that smoking litters up the campus and increases the danger of fires. It can be defended and upheld only on the grounds that it is a distinctive tradition—one which sets Purdue apart from ordinary schools. Observance of this tradition makes students more loyal to their school, as testified by the feeling of Purdue alumni toward their alma mater. And it was the horrified protests of alumni which started the movement which resulted in this campaign. Every loyal Boilermaker who has the right sort of loyalty will follow the example set last night and declare war on campus smokers. Every loyal Boilermaker will begin his personal campaign by refraining from smoking himself. PVom now on let’s have no smoking on the Purdue campus.
Collegiate Night Life The University of Iowa has just granted permission for a night club in the Union building on the campus. In response to petitions from the student body, the board of what’s-going-on-at-the-university decided to permit a dine and dance spot to operate on the campus under the supervision of the faculty. The main objective was to cut down traffic accidents, the theoi’y being that if students could go to a hot spot on the campus, they would not be tempted to take long trips on the highways over the week-end in search of amusement and entertainment. Refreshments will be served at this “Silver Shadow” club, but liquor is prohibited. This is not a suggestion to put a night club in the Purdue Memorial Union. But it is an indication of what other colleges are doing to keep up-to-date. Iowa seems to be a little ahead of the times, for this is the first night-club where a non-drinking student can go and yet feel at ease, —W. M. A.
Readers’ Opiniotis The Exponent welcomes comments of pood taste and reasonable length from its readers.
WSGA Replies
To the Editor: What are the bases of the charges that the faculty dominates W. S. G. A. ? We, as members of its Executive Board, know that they are groundless. Until evidence of faculty domination is presented it would seem that our position needs' no defense. Ruth Copeland, president of W. S. G. A. Jeannette Scudder, vice president of W. S. G. A. Irene Peldt, chairman, W. S. G. A. Judicial Board. Jean Adkins, president of Mortar Board. Patricia Jones, president of Y. W. C. A. Betty Arnold, president of W. A. A. - Sarah Schaaf, President of Womens Pan-Hellen-Council. -f Regina Kelly, co-ed executive of P. I. A. " Dorothy Kuehn, co-ed executive of the Union. Ruth Grimm, co-ed executive of the Union. Marjorie Marquis, co-ed editor of the Debris.
$utbue exponent Founded in 1883 I 19% Member 1937 P^socioled Goiledioie Press Distributors of ColleeiciteDfeesI Member of Nntional CoUege Press Association. Big Ten Editorial Association nepaeseNTSD por national advertioino oy National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUege Publishers Representative A20 Madison ave. New York. n. Y. CHICAGO • Boston - Ban Francisco Los ANGELES - PORTLAND . SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the jiost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered Iw mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.y MAIN OFFICE—812 North f^th Street Business Pbone 5038 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor. L. D. Wood Aviate Sports Editors W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain ' BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager.—— v . Hulse National Advertising Manager L. H. Brown l^aeal Advertising Manager- .D. 0. Miller iPltWilatlon Manager J. P. Girard WOMEN’S STAFF ' Editar. - Helen Creech Advertisiug Manager. — - Betty Barnett Asso^te Editors........ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke IfMoe Biltor—W. M. AntJiony
Sweet Sleep
If the college students have anything in common, it must be a universal lack of sleep, for youth is such a busy time of life that twenty-four hours are too few, and studies and work fill the day so that play must be “onleye that tyme, which we steale from slope.” But if this has been worrying you, and day after day of late studying or recreation (euphemism) has left you thinking of all the little pieces of protoplasm disintegrating from lack of sweet nature’s second Camp, head of the neurology department of the Unicourse, you’ll be cheered by the words of Dr. Karl .versity Hospital who debunked some misconceptions about this universal occupation in a recent radio address. Said Dr. Camp: “Some people complain that they feel sleepy too much of the time, that they cannot feel fully awake. In most of these cases careful investigation shows that the actual condition is not sleepiness but a torpor and is caused by some poisoning of the system either from digestive derangements, bad air, faulty metabolism, or faulty elimination.” Again, “Much has been said in praise of the virtue of sleep as an aid to health and it is unquestionable that a certain amount of sleep, like a certain amount of food, is necessary... but the actual amount necessary appears to vary considerably . . . some gettifig along very well with less than four hours daily.” There’s no excuse, then, for sleeping through that Saturday class after studying late on Friday night (hmmm), or, for those of the I-happen-to-require-a-lot-of-sleep kind, it may be a good idea to study hard until 1:30 a. m. and then retire free from academic worries for a sound seven or eight hour sleep than to study until eleven and retire still perplexed, for a quick, sound and comfortable sleep, in a quiet bedroom of the right temperature, is worth double the time spent under unfavorable conditions with unsettled problems hovering over the bedposts. There is an ingenious chap who has recordings of his unfavorite professors as a sleep-inducer. They seem to work quite well.—Michigan Daily.
Mr. Tunis Neglects Indiana John R. Tunis, who writes for a magazine, says football is a racket. Mr. Tunis is not unduly original in this respect, but he is a bit bolder than some writers in that he lists in alphabetical order the professional, semiprofessional and amateur collegiate gridiron teams of the country. He asks an end to hypocricy, says a neat little publicity blurb advertising the article, and “asks that college players be paid what they are worth.” Although he labels eight Big Ten teams “professional” or “semi-professional” and Chicago as “amateur,” Mr. Tunis gives Indiana no rating at all. Now Indiana, we feel, deserves some kind of a rating, particularly since those teams Mr. Tunis mentions get on edge these days when the Hoosiers drop in some Saturday afternoon for a gridiron battle. The gentleman Jeaves us somewhat in the hole since we can neither deny nor point with pride, but then he’ soon will be in a spot himself. What, Mr. Tunis, will be your explanation when Indiana winds up near the top of that Big Ten heap ?—Indiana Daily Student.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Impossible ?
Louis Pasteur’s fight against disbelievers has almost become a legend. Radio and air travel have done much to eliminate skepticism from the make-up of the average person. Some scientists and research men even go so far as to say that recent inventions and accomplishments have made the average man only too ready to believe anything he hears. They say that he expects too much of those who are making the real advances in our civilization, that he falls for every fantastic scheme that comes along. When the Lindbergh mechanical heart was announced a while back, many people with heart disease thought that they could procure new hearts and so prolong their lives. The actual invention was intended for no such thing, but thousands of persons thought it was. Undoubtedly before long those of us who follow the newspapers will read of swindles based on mechanical hearts. It is true that there are many discoveries yet to be made and things yet to be done. It is not the looking ahead toward these objectives that these scientists object to, but instead they fear that unscrupulous persons will impose upon the ignorance of the masses and swindles will result. The use of radium water as a disease cure is a good example. Radium has definite curative properties for certain diseases when properly used. But taken internally, as most of these fake remedies were supposed to be, they re suited often in death or severe illness. The whole idea seems to be that so long as the average persons remains in the “sucker” class, it is dangerous to let him get distorted ideas about the progress of science.
Persons of superior intellectual stock must be encouraged to have more babies, or the United States will fall as Rome fell.—Dr. R. A. Bolt.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemmeut. . 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
“Mystery Girl” HUFFINE is all peeved at her GEORGE—^it burned her to the quick when her Delt DRABING imported for the Delt dance last Saturday eve ... did you know that PETE LIGHT and MARIAN KIDD are going to Pittsburgh this week-end—can you imagine going 600 miles to see—a game? ? ... PLACE; Sweet Shop—TIME: evening—^DAY: Tuesday—at this appointed hour “I can’t take it” SMITH and DON SPRING enter— they seat themselves—enter a select group of Alpha Chis — DON leaves LOUISE to talk to the Chis— SMITH drags him back—^they sit down again—DON leaves again— SMITH drags him back again—sit down again—DON leaves again DON asks MARY HUFFINE for date—then he states that he’d better get back before she comes bob bing up again . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
HARRY HUGHES finally got together enough money to get the ring that he bought for “Sweet Young Thing” FORD out of the Post Office postage due—the DU brothers are wondering whether FRANKIE of HARRY finally put up the dough .. . the Chi O’s have given the nickname of “WCTU” to MARIAN GROVES—she is taking this dubbing like a ? ? ? ? sport ??.... MIjRA CQOK, Sweet Shop waitress, is ca-ra-zy about “Big Boy” BILL CORBIN—BILL seems to spend a great much of his time in the S. S. too—what happened to BLOW ???... “Green Potters Prexy” PRANKS has had a couple of dates with MARGE MATHES— he now goes around claiming that she is the tops—sounds like a romance i^ the making . . . If any one is going up to the U. of Michigan please call me—I have a lovely gal up there I would like to see—GARDNER KREISER. —paid advertisement. NOTICES ' Kappas Sigmas—I would like to have the paddle that you used on me as a souvenir. Please have a good looking freshman bring it over. STEWART.
Betas and Sigma Chis—^We are hiding our flivver until Hallowe’en is over. We don’t trust you boys. THE PI PHIS.
Men—^We don't have pins, but we are interested, and will listen attentively to any proposals.
-and to my wife, I bequeath my pants, which she always wanted to wear.”
BLANCHE KERNEL, RUTH ANSPACH, JANE RUSSELL, GERRY GRAVE, MARJORIE POOR, WHIMPY JONES. MARS DOIT €ret your aoii in now for the MARS double-passes—be sure to sign the doit to avoid wrong person getting passes . . .
Home Ec Teachers Plan Conference Saturday Home economics teachers from Carroll, Clinton, Tippecanoe, Warren, White, and Benton counties will hold a district conference this Saturday in the Memorial Union Building from 10 to 3 o’clock. They will discuss various forms of curriculum problems.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
ARC TODAY . FRIDAY - SATURDAY
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK . DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
\
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPoJNiaNTfhursdfty^ Ocft»ber 20,1086
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Face Battle Carnegie Tech Shows Strong Record; Stalcup, Vergane Out Our Boilermakers are in for a tough scrap this week when they meet Carnegie Tech in Pittsburgh. The boys from the smoky city have shown their might in the first four games of the season. Because they lost three of these games is no reason to believe that the Scotchmen will be an easy victory. On the contrary, the hard fighting Carnegie Tech team has handed their past opponents some heavy punishment. Lost To Holy Cross Notre Dame and the strong Michigan State teams came and went undefeated, but the next two elevens found the Carnegie team hard and determined. Holy Cross expected an easy victory, but they were lucky to win the game by the margin of one touchdown. To top that surprise, Holy Cross lost the services of three of their regulars due to the smashing drive of the Scotchmen. Temple met Carnegie with the same feeling of selfconfidence and Pop Warner’s Owls were turned back 7-0 with two of their regulars out of the game. Vergane And Stalcup Out Purdue has lost the services of her regular end, Vergane, and dependable back-field man, Stalcup. The Black and Gold will go to Pittsburgh as the only team which had gone down to defeat befofe encountering the smoky city boys. Carnegie beat Purdue last year when the two teams met, but so did the Badgers. Purdue has proven their team is superior to that of last year by taking the Wisconsin eleven into camp by such a large score. With Medley probably starting for Stalcup in the backfield, and Spehn in end position, the Boilermakers will set out for the east in the hope of setting the Carnegie eleven back on their heels.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraitt Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
SPERB .he. Hardware Phone 2777 822 Main
HOT WATER HEATERS Easy Terms at FIRESTONE SERVICE STORE 9th and Ferry Ph. 2903
NOTICE Fraternities and Sororities Why not have your next party in our ballrooin? We have just rmodeled an4 re4eeorate4 our i^tire i^ohool.
Phone 21S0
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
ielder’s.... ....choice w>By Bob Walpole ..-t
^^This Hear New Fangled Football Is Sissy^s Game^ ^^Complaina Grandpa
And back again to the Boilermaker line . . . Number 44 . . . regular left guard, Forrest Barth Burmeister . . . he says that the boys in the Theta Chi House call him “Burmy.” —^fc— Graduating from Davenport High School iU. 1933 as an All-Iowa State tackle, Burmeister has been a regular fixture in the Boilermaker forward wall for the last couple of years ... he stands six feet, three and three-quarter inches tall and weighs slightly over 217 pounds . .. “Burmy” has blue green eyes, and short, straight, blonde hair ...)
—
Until this year “Burmy” played at a tackle post, but with the shakeup that became necessary this fall, he found himself at left guard ... he says he likes it, and apparently it is agreeing with him because he has been doing well in bolstering up the forward wall. . . —^fc— “Burmy” was born on August 18, 1913 in Davenport, Iowa ... he has always lived there, and he is an only son ... if you stop to figure out his age you will find that he is 23 years, 2 months, and ten days old today . . . —^fc— He likes movies ... he likes dancing . . . yet he said, “I have no use for girls” . . . however, he had a rather pronounced snicker on his chubby countenance when he issued that statement... he also admitted that his favorite motion picture actress is Joan Crawford. . . . —^fc— Burmeister has the distinction of having played two years of high school football with Chicago’s AllAmerican Jay Berwanger . . . his hobby is collecting souvenirs ... he has collected three high school letters in both football and track, two major Purdue letters in football and and a minor letter as a member of the 1935-1936 cinder squad . . . —^fc— His ambition is to coach . . . and naturally it is one of his desires to play in the annual All-Star game ... he is a senior in the Physical Education school, majoring in history .. —fc— There you have what we found on Number 44 . . . regular left guard . . . Forrest Barth “Burmy” Bur meister .... —fc— THE TEAM LEAVES TONIGHT FOR CARNEGIE... TOSS ASIDE THAT BOOK FOR A FEW MIN UTES AND GET DOWN TO THE STATION TO SEE THEM OFF... FORGET THAT MINNESOTA LOSS AND LOOK TO THE FU TURE . . . LET’S BEGIN WITH CARNEGIE TECH ...
By S. R. Griffiths, Jr. “Shore, son, I seen the PerdueMinnyesota game last Satiddy *n I gi’ your generashun a deal o' credit fer havin’ young ’nns with such gumption as those there boys thet wrastled ’n tossed out there. There still are some ra’l fightin’ spir’ts in the ole game, or what’s left o’ the ole
game.
‘Y’know son, when I wuz a lad, nigh on t'yore age, or ’zactly yore age now’t I remember it, this yere game o’ football wuz what y’d really call a man’s game and o’course them yer dashin’ fullbacks, yer right wuz the days when men wuz men ’n the divil take th' hindmost. Yo’ have smart — whadyacallum ? —^ Quarterbacks—and plenty o’ new fangled plays an’ lots o’ rules—sissy rules I calls ’em. But, t’me, thet’s all poppycock. I am distinckly of the ole school, not fancy in a game, not speedy, but yit, we had our good
p’ints.
Us Boilermakers “Why I c’n remember the ole Per-due-Battle Ground game, right close after th’ school begun I was werkin’ down t’the railroad shops’t the time ’n yor maw ’n I had just got booked, least she did. I didn’t have much hankerin’ after lamin’ but all the boys wuz playin’ over t’ the school on Satiddasrs an takin’ just enough o’ ther lamin’ to let ’em use the field ’n equipment. ’Course we had a few /fellers on the team thet really went
NOTICES No nttUcfS acccplMl aftor • ikin.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—^All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
PROOF PICTURES Senior Debris Pictures—Group may be selected on following dates: 73638 - 73736, October 29 73737 - 738S6, October 30 Proofs are being shown in Room C where pictures were taken. Office opened between 8 and 6 p. m. each day. —DWIGHT.
Conditional Examination For CE 22~ Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1986. Please consult instructor well in advancb. —SORESON.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested meet at the Women’s Gym Saturday, October 81, at 2 o'clock. —DOBSON.
Indepependent Student—You may sign up for membership in the Purdue Independent Association at the desk in the lobby of the Itfemorial Union Building between 11 8. m. and 1 p. m. or 4 and 6 p. m. —PARKHURST. Women’s Bowling—The following teams play Thursday October 29: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 8—7:00. Alpha Xi Delta vs. Thaeles—9 ;00. —MYTINGER. Union Workers—^My committee please hand in reports to me October 30. —RIBTH.
P. O. M. M.—Initiation at 4:80 October 29 in the Armory. Pledges and actives report in uniform. —LOVE.
Cosmopolitan dub—^Meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union October 80, at 7 p. !», All members are expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE, Tryouts—For Union Thenksgiving Show October 29 at 4:00 in Union Ballroom. PERKINS, STALLINGS. Flying Ulnh-^Oven meeting in the Union room D, at 7 p. m., October 20. Final plans for the ship will be made. Come prepared to pnichwe eh«ro8, —McCRACKIN.
DeMplay—Second degree practice October 29, at 7 p m at Masonic Temple Hallowe’en party, October 80, at Cary Camp. Make reservations with George Duessler, phone 7250 —GLENN.
Union Committees—^The following committees meet in the Union workshop, October 29 at 4 p. m. PUTZE, SHEETZ, PFORZHEIMER.
Sigma Delta Psi—Tryouts will be held at the stadium October 29 at 4 p. hi. —MANAGER.
W. A. A. Counselors—Meeting October 29 in WAA office at 7:1B p. m. —WILEY
Transfer Mentors—^Meeting October 29, at 4 p. m. in the W. S. G. A office Bring money and report blanks. —DIMMICK.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting in the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow. Important. —FENSTERMAKER.
Independents Campaign—All membership books must be tum^ in before October 80 at 6 p. m. -PARKHURSTA'' Camera dub—Meeting tonight at 7:30 in room B in the Union. There will be a beginners coiirse in photography immed' lately following the regular meeting. Prof. Bray will speak. —CLAYPOLE.
Scnbner Club—^There will be a meeting October 29 at 8 p. m. in Culture Hall, 116 Sheets street. Bring manuscripts. —VBRBER.
W. A. A. Swimming—Swim for co-eds interested in swimming club October 29 from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m Open swim from 8:30 to 9:80. —TUBBS. W. A. A. Hockey-Freshman Blue team will play the Sophomore Orange team at 4 o’clock, October 29. —THOMPSON.
Union Woi^crs—My committee will meet In the Union Office at 4 o'clock. Please bring fountain pens. —RIETH.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the workshop at 4 o’clock. —CLAPOLE.
Lutheran Student’s Club—Skating party October 80. Meet inside the main door of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. —ANDRES. N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier’s office. University Hall. —HOLLENSBEE. Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meet in Y. W. C. A. office at 7 o’clock, October 29. —JONES.
t’school which addled thet college air. Boilermakers’ they called ns. “When the ball was kicked to us’t the beginnin’ o’ the game, why it was jest nt’ral like to grab the handle on the back o’ your partners trousers ’n with the ten o’ us a bangin’ onto each other, with the ball carrier in the middle, it was dem near suicide t’ teckle us We had a good signal man, ’n he could think up the nifties’ plays, just on the spur o’ the moment like. BoyJ We’d gallivant right thru ’em. “ ’Course the referees were well trained—^in how t’keep out o’ our way. If they din’t see a bite on the leg or a gentle kick in the tummy, it wamt their fault ’n it was all in th’ game—^yep, all in th’ game. Tasslecaps By Crackey “Now ’n then we’d really meet a tough team, like Wabash, ’n then th’ hair’d fly, ’n we’d all try t’steal each other’s tasslecaps. Yep, thet’s whut we wore fer headgear, tasslecaps. They wuz periy too, ra’l bright colors ’n long sikly tassles—^but not so head pertecktin. “Golly, gee whinickers, son’ yore a gettin* me all excited like with yer questionin’. It’s gettin’ too brisk out here fer me now, but b’lieve me. I’ll talk with you tomorra arter school. “Ah, me, them wuz th’ days!”
iods, Pnrdne gained a totsA of Z4Si yards, almost as moxlk as Wasllliigh> ton and Nebraska combined were able to accumulate against the Bierifian forces. On running plays jfrom serimmage alone, the Boilermakers have averaged nearly six yards a eradt, carrying the ball 202 times for a total gain of 1,194 yards. Cedi Isbell and John Drake, Purdue’s new 'touchdown twins,” head the yardage parade with average marks of 9.60 and 7.45 respectively. Drake carried the hall against the Gophers 12 times for 98 yards, equali^ag the running yardage gains of the entire Washington eleven against Minnesota, and more than Michigan was able to gain on both runs and passes. 22 Out Of 47 Passes The air lanes have added materially to the Boilermakers’ yardage gains. With Cecil Isbell on the throwing end of most gf the passes, 22 out of 47 aerials have been completed for total gains of 271 yards.
wocmAhh GAum l^Sigma, Alpha vp. Ft Kappa FhL OfOeM, Bedfe. 2— Shrma dA v». Tao K«ppa Ifokflm. OH!. €SRQlfc€'« 3— Tao EpaDon Phi va. Theta dkL OfliefaL Bojrer. 4— Fht SMta. Theta Pbf KbmM dgmtL OtfUskit, HaaiiRon. 6—Beta Theta Pi m LamhOa CU AlptMb OfffeiaL Kerher. 6— Aeaeia va Kavpa Delta tUm, OffleiaL Mansaa. 7— DeKa Upafihm va. Phi Kappa Tao. CffHefal, 8peneer. 8— Sigma Phi Bjmilim va. Kapp Sigma. Offleial, FeaBoeh. ♦ t ^ ^ ♦ ♦ ♦ 4 ♦ SOFTBALL TOOiAT 14— Ward 4 va. Ward S15— Ward 7 va Wavd 7-x. 18—Ward 16 va. Ward 17.
SPARRENDAHL Mereliaiit TaOor 507 Main St.
Boilermakers Net Yardage Gains Pile Up; Passes Boost Figures When it comes to providing sustained offensive action on the gridiron, Purdue’s colorful eleven has earned a place in the front ranks. The Boilermakers, noted for the versatility of their attack under the regime of Coach Noble Kizer, have averaged 366 yards per game on running plays and passes from scrimmage at the halfway mark in the present schedule. The high mark was reached in the opener with Ohio U. when Purdue went on a yardage spree that netted 513 yards from scrinpima^, whil^ ™ the battles with both Chicago^ and Wisconsin the yardage totals went well over 350. 242 Yards Against Gophmi Even in the losing battle with Minnesota, when the crippled Boijermakers finally wilted before superior manpower in the second half after carrying^^^ fight to the Gophers throughimt the first two per-
n* tWrihlBg tdlow calb A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can lor Special Occasiona 25e per passenger any part of the city S023 PHONES 8671 YELLOW CAB CO.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Make your dreams come true
Be Queenly IN SATIN Preciously Feminine IN NET Exotic IN SEQUINS In these fascinating evening dresses you can not fail to be handsome. J» Ail the Gorgeous New Colors
12
$1/95 up
LOEB & M E NE COMPANY
“Afy dear Countess^ these imported cigarettes are positively enchanting!" That's one onyoUy Clarissa! TWENTY GRANDS are imported from the comer tobacco shop."
Flos local taxfn
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTIES
Copr. J936 The Axton-Ilsher Tobacco C6.,liie. WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and DomesticTobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing
as much as 50^ more.
(Stgntd) Sell, Putt & Rushy Inc.
On eoUatonuum mth (oiaoca«cp«rU
Jo hove dml Just Risht Feelins for the Military Ball
visit
Loeb’s Beauty Salon
Regardless of how beautiful the garments may he, your ensemble is not comfdete without having a Most Becoming Head Dress. Our beauticians design coiffeurs of striking individuality for the fashknaUe young woman, that brings out the penqnal charm of youthfulness and lovdiness. Each style embodies the upwaqj sweep sofashionaUe now, with lilting cud w toll. Have something new and different In evening coiffeur for this eventl Make your appointmenl early fhone 7901
Lr€Kltl^ & CiCIm BEAUTY SALON Fttiesf—•RisBOfNiMe Ptke$
uuMiaiaiinr ;';r>;"";";'r;;!i^'''i^?-‘>>w»>-»g
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thtirsdayi October 29, 1936
Malte Your Next Pair FREEMANS
ClassSfied Ads.
Let us show you the fine new Freeman styles for FdUl and Winter. We want to introduce you to the earful workmanship, matchless leathers, certain fit and TOid comfort that gives distinction to this famous line. Drop in any time!
.00
A fma ttyUt tUghtly higher
FREEMAN. . . Shoes for Men
Worn with Pride by Mittiong
A. B. C. Shoe Store
Close Touchball
Scores Feature
Fraternity Games
While numb fingers and red noses predominated, the touchball teams continued their schedules last night. Close scores were the rule in the games, although Phi Kappa ran up the enormous total of 50 points on the Phi Pi Phis 6. Three 6 to 0 scores were recorded in the encounters ; Triangle triumphing over Delta Chi, Theta Xi defeating Sigma Alph Mu, and Delta Tau Delta winning over Alpha Tau Omega by that score. The scheduled game between Phi Kappa Psi and Sigma Nu was not played and Theta Tau forfeited to Delta Sigma Lambda.
were awarded the prize for the funniest costumes. The prize for the most original attire went to the two robots in the persons of Louanna Thompson and Rosalie Totten; honorable mention for this type of costume went to Pauline Swick in the part of a handstand lady. Ruth Wiley, as an old-fashioned girl, captured the prize for the prettiest dress; Jeanne Campbell was given honorable mention for her pretty gypsy impersonation.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Do Others Whisp er
About your appearance Flatteringly or critically ?
For Sale—Table Radio; with 4 tubes, very cheap if taken at once. Phone 2743.
Roll Top Desk—$12, two metal adjustable chairs, ea. $2.76, chifforobe with wardrobe and drawer space $10, Books, lots of them. Back number magazines, Ic to 5c each.—Moore’s Colonial Mkt. 220 N. Fifth Street.
Why not have the peace of mind of knowing your clothes are clean and correctly pressed...f/se Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
Wanted—Trumpet, alto sax player. Call Schilling between 7 and 11 p. m. 5067.
Student RoomPhone 3213.
-227 Wood street.
Lost—Fur zipper jacket. Name J. A. Hebbeler printed on lining. If found call 2223. Reward.
Lost—^Yellow gold ring with amber setting. Valued for sentiment. Reward. Phone 8039.
Wanted—Ride to Carnegie Tech game. Share expenses. Phone 6841. Joe.
Pirathon
Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of J. L. Simmons,, Indianapolis.
V/ARH AfiMpm
^miny
UAPMCNV OFF.
Overcoats
They’re 25% wanner, ll^ lbs. lighter and 50% longer wear than other o’coat fabrics.
f 25 and $30
KEYS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a speciaiW. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son . 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Southworth’s
Members Frolic At WAA Masquerade
With gold and black decorations and corn shocks forming the eerie setting, W. A. A. members, disguised as witches and goblins, frolicked last night in the Women’s Gymnasium. The Misses Brady, Ellis, Russell, and Swain, as Hawaiian dancers,
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
FORTUNES IN Bison
Most StyUs
Thb i$ |ust another good rea^ ■on why we keep Fortune ■hoes in stock for yop. Fortunes are O.K.’d in five essential details before they leave the factory—and the price is ^O.K.” too.
Exclusive Agent for Bostonians at $6.85 Friendlys at $5.00
—•A Light Smokel Even though you've been smoking through most of the day, and all through the evening, you'll find that your midnight Lucky tastes os good os your Lucky of noon. For o clean tosto, o dear throat... reach for a luefcy~*'jo light *>nol^
Liqht Smoke!
When Fun and Smoking Last Way Into the Night.**
On party nights—or whenever you do a lot of smoking—you’ll find that Luckies, a light smoke, are a comfort as well as a joy! For since Luckies are a light smoke, there’s no wear and tear on your throat. Luckies wear well...they’re the only cigarette that's "Toasted”... your protection against irritation. So tomorrow, or better, right now, reach for a Lucky—rich with the taste of fine center-leaf tobacco. It’s a good morning smoke with a clean, fresh taste. And it’s a good night smoke... easy on you... gentle. It’s never too late for a light smoke... never too late for a Lucky!
* ^ NEWS FLASH!
82 years old—She Knows Her Popular Music
B & W Shoe Co.
127 N. St.
Mrs. Elizabeth Bowles of Uvalde, Texas, is a real "Sweepstakes” fan. She writes: "I am 82 years old and this is the first time 1 have ever won anything absolutely firee, and am I pleased!” Congratulations, Mrs. Bowles. We’re certainly pleased, too, that you won. Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strikes? There's music on the air. Tune in "Your Hit Parade” —Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare ^e tunes— then try Your Lucky Strike"Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and tty them. Maybe you’ve been missing something. You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies—a Light Smoke of rich, c4>ebodied tobacco. I
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED / TOBACCO—"IT’S TOASTED"
OossitSlit ItSS, The Arowrlwp Wwcett OonWWf
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
: