1
I t
■r '
Keynotes
^ • G. A. Young Banquet # Tonight, 7:30 o'clock • Union Swth Ballroom
Z-1lf
Founded In 1889
x>po*te*u 9 Daily Since 1906
■ H^wwW 9 Ww^ • Tankmen Defeat lnd|dne • Hooerera Down WuestfNil • Netmen Drill For lU
Vohime 52« No. 124
West LcrfayettOf XodUona
Tlitixsday, Febeumy S7, Itll
Dr. Walters
To Leave
University
•Ffom All Fronts.
Today's Summary
Of War News
to Chkmro Daily New« Foreiam Serrie*. Sopyriyht, 1940. Chleafo Daily Newi, Ine
Mechanicals Will Honor MahnsWniPiay Open WSSF ' X > L1 rk* —Indiana U's r • »• j G. A. Tonight At Digner Battle Foreign Aid
Director Of Personnel Resigns For Position With Revere Company
Dr. J. E. Walters, Director of Personnel here at the University who was granted a leave of absence last July 1 in order to serve on the personnel and industrial relations staff of Revere Copper and Brass, Rome, N. Y., has resigned his University position to accept a post as vice-president in charge of personnel and industrial relations for the company, effective March 1, it was announced today by President E. C. Elliott.
• British Occupy Mogadiscio After one of the speediest drives in th^ war, Cairo reports, British forces have ocoupied Mogadiscio, capital and chief port of Italian Somaliland, Rome reports a clash between German forces and British armored units in Libya, with success for the Nazis.
0 RAF Attacks Ruhr British warplanes set off for new atatcks across the channel yesterday, after a night of raiding the three great ports of the invasion coast and attacking munitions plants and other targets in the Ruhr,
In announcing Doctor Walter’s resignation. President Elliott expressed gratification over the recognition and promotion accorded a Purdue, staff member, but pointed out that the University will keenly feel the loss, especially at a critical -time when relationships with industry have become so important.
• Nazis Sink Cruiser A Nazi speedboat has sunk a British destroyer off the southeast coast of England, Berlin announced yesterday. German submarines were credited with the destruction of a narmed merchant ship of 8,000 tons.
Arm To Iowa State Only a few days ago, Prof. David li. Arm, who has been serving as Acting Director of Personnel during Walter’s leave of absence, announced his resignation, effective June 30, in order to accept a position as professor of mechanical engineering at Iowa State College. Walters has been a leader in the personnel field for years, and under his direction the Purdue personnel service became widely known as one of the leading organizations of its kind in the country. He was one of the organizers of the American College Personnel Association and served as its president from 1980 to 1988. For seven years, from 1988 to 1940, he served as secretary of the Indiana Personnel Association, a pioneer state organization.
• English Deride U-Boat Claim The British Admiralty refuses to admit that Hitler’s threatened huge U-boat campaign will be decisive, cables William H. Stoneman, Because of several factors, however, it foresees a more difficult job for itself than was the ease in 1917.
• Anglo-Dutch Co-operation “Public opinion has expressed itself here this week in urging an open declaration of Anglo-Dutch solidarity in defense of the South Pacific,” radios A. T. Steele from Batavia.
Phi Kappa Psi
• Japan Backs Thai Demands Japan will back Thailand’s demand for sweeping territorial concessions in Planch Indo-China, it was said in Tokyo, in the face of statements that France is prepared to fight rather than srield to harsh
. . . social fraternity, announces the re-e)«etipn'(^ Bill Kwnan, president; Bob Reed, vice-president; Bryan Hasted, secretary; John Oshomo, treasurer; and Dave Sohaffner, corresponding seeretarg.
terms.
Sigma Alpha Mu
. , . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Bertram Glazer of Anderson,
Dick Jurgens Refuses To Lead BandWith Baton, But Will Use His Bare Fists
By IN»n Brophy Contr^QilY to the great number of malicious rutmors resounding on the campus, Dick Jurgens will not wave the baton be-fore his famous Aragon - Trianow band tomorrow night at the Sojohomore Ootillion. No—we didn’t sny that Dick himself wouldn’t be here in person to lead the boys in playing their smooth rhythms for the Skull and
Dick Jargons
Crescent dance. But wo did say that Jurgens will not wave die baton tomorrow idght^ “Fsrtonato Accident” Whyt Well, we will have to dehee into a littU ol Jurgens’ personal history for dm answer to that gueRy. Quite a iCow years ago whan th« Jurgens* crew was barely kei^pInf ♦’brass and reed” section togetlwr playkig at ballroems up and doma tlM» {hd^wada coast, Diok be-
came the leader of the band through a “fortunate accident.” A highway mishap in which his automobile overturned put his trumpet-playing lips out of commission for a year. So, in the interim of recovery the boys made him leader, Dick refused a baton and to this day, he leads the band with his fists. The nucleus of the Jurgens organization was formed over a decade ago at the Sacramento (Calif.) high school. Dick played in the high school’s concert band, but occasionally doubled in a secret dance orchestra made up of boys in the band. When the classic-minded maestro of the scTiool band accidentally walked in on a rehearsal of a “jazz” number, he fired Dick and the rest the boys. From then on Jurgeiis was able to devote all of his time to popular dance music. His First Band Jurgens’ first band was organized on New Year’s Eve, 1929. The following summer the manager of the St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco engaged them. From its first performance at the hotel the band waa a sensation. Booking came thick and fast—the swafiky Palomar In Los Angeles, the Casino at Catalina, the Aragon-Trianon ballrooms in Chicago all acclaimed Jurgens’ new dance music. Last year in a popular poll cowducted by Radio Mirror readers named Dick Jprgens' the third most popular band in ka. Sammy Kaye and Eddy DucUte alone nosed Didc out of top honors.
Elliott, 'Big Robbie' Principal Speakers In Honor Of Young's 29-Year Service
G. A. Young will be guest of his mechanic^il engineers at a banquet commemorating his 29 years as head of their school. President ]d311iott and C. H. (Big Robbie) Robertson will be the principal speakers at the dinner, which will begin at 6:30 o’clock in the Union south ballroom.
The dinner is being arranged by students in the Mechanical Engineering school to express their regard for “G. A.” and his work. While his duties as head of the school have been taken over by Prof. H. L. Solberg, Prof. Young continues to teach several courses as senior professor. Toastmaster Lynch Richard A. Lynch, a senior in the mechanical school, will be tonight’s toastmaster. He will be remembered by students who saw the Union show “Everything but Onions” as the country bumpkin with his story of troubles at college. Dr. Robertson, known to all mechanicals as “Big Robbie,” will give his rerainiseenes of “G. A.” at the dinner. Like the guest of honor, Robertson came to the University from South' Dakota State College. Here he won fame as an All-Amer-ican football player and a track star, before leaving for more than twenty years in China as a YMCA secretary and lectuxer. A limited number of tickets for the banquet,,priced at 75 cents, may still be obtained today until 1 o’clock at the ME office, and the west desk in the Union j.h a.
Courting Problems Subject Of Second Marriage Lecture
Prof. E. L. Kelly will present the second in the series of marriage lectures this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of the Education building. The talk, “Problems of Pre-Marital Adjustment,” will cover courtship, “petting,” and proprieties of pre and post-engagement relationships. John Van Horn of the Student Senate will introduce Prof. Kelly. The 30 minute lecture will be followed by a 30 minute discussion period. The next four lectures, which will include talks on the economic and biological aspects of marriage, will be open to all juniors becaqse of the possibility of their being drafted before next year. Flaps pre being piade to have one of the future meeting conducted by a religrious leader.
Prof. George Roberts Dies in Kansas City
Tonight
'Too Much Distribution For Self Sufficiency,' Says Professor Hall
Immediately following the Pur-due-Indiana basketball game this Saturday night, and regardless of the outcome of that tussle, Maury Mahns and his band will represent the University in a gala Battle of Bands to be held in the lU Memorial Union building. Bob Barnes and his lU boys will furnisk the opposition ip thip roiusual event. DPrlene Mahns, pic-
Campaign
Students In Wmr Torn Countries To Recoivef Assistance From Fund
“There is too much distribution of the woild’s resources fotany nation to be self sufficient,” was the statement made last night in the Hall of Music by Professor Robert B. Hall, professor of geography at the University of Michigan and authority in the field of geography and resources in the far East, at the fourth in the senes of defense lectures. After being introduced by President Elliott, Professor Hall plunged quickly into his discussion of the failure of nations to become self sufficient and the reasons for this failure. Congress Can’t Help He said that minerals either occur in an area or they don’t occur and no act of Congress or subsidation will place them there. Every country lacks certain minerals. The strategic materials list of the U. S numbers fourteen items under the deficiency heading, chromium njckel, manganese, tungsten, antimony, mercury, tin, mica, quartz crystal, coconut shell char, manila fibre, quinine, rubber and silk. Of these fourteen, eight have the bulk of the source in Southeasterp Asia and in addition this section could supply the bulk of four more. Professor Hall said that if the Axis gained control over the southeast section that they would gladly take these items because they are deficient in them also and the Axis might have a complete monopoly on these vital materials. The strategic materials of the U. S. are also the strategic materials of the Axis and the problem is how to keep open their importation. t.b.n.
Darlene Mahns
tured here, is the featuied vocalist with Mahns’ band and will be with them this Saturday. The “battle” and accompanying dance are being sponsored by the Bloomington chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity, in an effort to raise funds to erect a piemorial at/the fieldhouse in commemoration of the first few state high school basketball tournaments which were held there.
Wesley Foundation Plans Skating Party
Alpha Sigma Phi
. . . social fraternitir announces the initiation of Edward Bice, Indianapolis; Bill Pateson, Ipdianapolis; George Schroyer, Dayton, Ohio; and Jim Gentles, St. Louis, Mo.
Wesley Foundation will sponsor a roller skating party tomorrow evening at 8:30 o’clock. Refreshments and games will be featured at the Foundation house until 11 o’clock when^t^e cars will leave for Maple Point. Skating will continue there until 12:30. Tickets are 45 cents per couple, or 30 cents for men and 15 cents for women. All those furnishing cars will be admitt^ free. A committee, headed by Ed Gilbert and Darrell Roach, is in charge of the arrangements for the party, jgp.
Opening a drive to obtain money to aid war stricken sbpients in both Europe and China, thp World Student Service Fund intmusified operations yesterday to familiarize the student body with the scope and value of its work. Sunday evening Paul Moritz, recently returned from China where he served as representative of Hie Par Eastern Studept Seniee Fond, will speak on “Students Beneath Bomba” at 7:45 o’clock in the faculty lounges of the Union. The meeting is open to everyone d^iring to attend. A discussion period will follow the talk. Germany According to figures released by the national committee of WSSP, there are three million prisoners of which 80,000 are students. Tliey are reached with book and materiwja through the War Prisoners Aid of the World Alliance of the YMCA, which is recognized as the official neutral agency by all beligerent nations. In unoccupied France th»e are numerous foreign students such as Poles, Czechs and German Jews who face concentration camps for the duration of the war unless they receive support from people outside Prance. The WSSF is placing them in French universifilas end supplies them with only the bare essentials for education. Switzerland In Switzerland the problap is entirely different, for the Swisi government has interned appi^mately 40,000 Polish and EpSW* i«ddimrs, including sevmml peoH^ia. The WSSP is estahli^iing adversities in the camps by supplying equipipent. The Chinese atodento have hepi driven inlJ!^ by the Japanese in-' vasion. Many of tlmm are ZZPa-' rated from their reguHOb sources of support and are without means qf obtaining vital material auffii an food and clothing. WSSF oQcialn claim that one half ^ 4IQ1JKKI students in China need aVleaatpartial aid. Money for use ipl^uS^ is net shipped abroad, but Is smit Iw via the American Express Company to the WSSF committee in SwHaov^ land.
Prof. George L. Roberts, former head of the University department of education, died early yesterday morning in Kansas City after a lengthy illness. Funeral services will be held at 2:30 o’clock tomorrow afternoon at Gyeensburg, with burial seiwices in the G'reensburg cemetery. Prof. Roberts served as head of tbs department of education from 1908 until his retirement as emeritus head in 1931. After his retiremen he served a few years as adviser iop teachers^ licensing and placement. Priff. Roberts at one time served as president of the Indiana State Teachers’ Association, and he also was editor of the EdU'^ oator Jomtial. c.r.t.
Increasing Feeling Among College Stude^ , t JR i-1 That US Cannot Stay Out Of War Noted InSiiry&y
... at 8 o’clock in the Union Katheryn Tourney Garten will revi^ ♦♦Random Harvest” by James Hihem The talk, which is the first of two lectures sponsored by the Keppa sorority, will be held in the north ballroom.
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America (Copyright, 1941) Austin, Tex., Feb. 27—There is a growing sentiment among American college youth that the United States will not be able to stay out of the war. This significant trend in current campus theu^t has been made possible through the recurring sam--plings of Student Opinion Surveys ^ Amm'iea, ef w^ch the B^paneat if a cooperating member, along with li6|) other college newspapers. Hand hPhd 5'1ih #ie opiniep that it will be difficult to side step the European ^^t, tjue^e appeaim in the suryi^ starong opposition to ttds problem: “Sbou|d Ammncan worships be allowed to c<nivey i^pment of war supplies going to England?” While Congress debated - this and other issues, 67 per cent of the cofiege students were anawmring “no” to jho fbove tateirideib pne-
sented to them by a nation-wide staff of interviewers. Many Change Minds Repeated checks of national student opinion point out that since the war began nearly three out of every ten students have changed their minds about the ability of this country to avoid the conflict. Even at the end of 1940 there was still a substantial majority convinced we could stay out. But recent events, including the expansitm of hostilities to the Mediterranean area, the approach of sjuing and with it the threatened invasion of England, and the success of Boosevelt administration with the lease-lend blH, have" apparently mads the war seem dosmr. A ma-^ ^rity now believes the U> S. will be involved. Three-Survey Record This is ths thr^B-survey record kept by Student fb^inimi purveys over a period of foimteea months: Believing we can stay out of wars
December, 1939 .68% December, 1940 .63% NOW, February, 1941 49% Other polls have reveaded that the country as a whole has att along been less optamistie than eampwK youth. But this last check-^ hy Stuitent Opinion Surveys semns tp indicate that al^ou^ staipaW have been slow tp assome an tude apm^dmnpimi* they nom more in simp with Benetal ghlidif opinion. In two sections of ^ jxsmiiry— New England and tim mtss^ states—there are still nujojritip pt students convinced tbmt we jfp d^ the war, as tbia tah^||||ian shows:
Can we stay opt of wn?7 Ym Me New England .64% Middle Atlantie .....4«% 84% EastOsntmt— 47% 63% Wsst CmitinJi... _68% 4t% Jonth W«t 4^^hu^l-SpDJdA
Thursday, February 27, 1941
fiuhdusL ^xpMumt
Boilermakers Sink III Tankers: Lose To Matmen
Hoosiers Falter Before Cagers Engage Winner's Attack, 52-32 Saturday;
Both Need Win
Hero Johnny
By Phil Johnson
Garnering six of the nine blue ribbons, a strong Boilermaker tank squad last night severely outclassed Coach "Fightin’ Bob” Royer’s inv^ing Indiana University tank squad throughout the entire meet to trounce the downstate team by the one-sided score of 52-82. The final outcome was never in doubt after the first race of the program, the 300 yard medley relay, ended with anchor man Dick Kratzer leading Hoosier Fred Klafs to the finish by a comfortable margin. Veteran Bart Benedetti won a - ' ''
pair of firsts for the Hoosiers to provide their only threat of the evening. Bob St^ey, Indiana divert won the only other Cream and Crimson first by winning the low board diving event with a fine array of nicely performed dives. SophoBtore Jack Carney led the Riveter attack with wins in both of his specialties, the 220 and 440
yard free style swims.
Herr Loses Thriller
After the Riveters had copped the first relay race. Jack Carney led teammate Chuck Siler and Hoosier Van Duren to the tape to add another 8 points to the score. Benedetti came from behind in the final lap of the 60 yard free style race to defeat a fighting Freddy Herr by inches in one of the closest bat-
tles of the evening.
Following StefFey’s win of the diving event, Herr and Kratzer staged a thrilling 100 yard free style race with the lead changing several times before diminutive Fred Herr, the smallest swimmer in the meet, staged a strong last lap drive to nose out Kratzer in the
final few yards. Another For Bart
After Riveter Ted Anderson led for the early part of the race, versatile Bart Benedetti came from behind in the 150 yard backstroke
. . . Conrad, one of the standouts of the recent Hawkeye double overtime conquest. Pressed into the lineup late in the game, he scored two baskets, one a two-handed push shot from the foul circle and the other a set-up shot on a pass from
Frosty SprowL o.t.c.
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE — Was Bound to BUST,. when stunt man mazzied temperamental movie queen .. and it DOES!
MONEY AND THE WOMAN
-r-COMING .The Fnvorito of the Comic Strips! LIL ABNER 111 f
affair to win the event by several feet from the tiring Anderson. Jim Williamson easily outclassed the field in the 200 yard breast stroke race to win the event in the rather fast time of 2:37.0 minutes. Jack Carney swam a lazy 440 yard free style race to lap the Indiana entry, Pakucko, and to chalk up his second win of the meet. Boilermaker Jim Kreuck followed Carney to the tape.
Living alumni of Dartmouth totaled 19,600 at the last count.
MARS TODAY - FRIDAY
R’s THE laugh Jackpot... It’s a CHEAT comedyJ Believe us, MISTER, for sheer entertainment, NOBODY
can top...
with JIbJIN HALE WILLIAM LVNOIIIAH jroHH um
Topping off a week in which the theme for most Riveter athletio squads has been “Beat Indiana,” is the always classic cage struggle with the recently deflated Hoosiers Saturday night at Bloomington. Hoosiers Need Win In losing to Wisconsin Monday night, Indiana lost its last chance for an undisputed title, the bauble they have been seeking since time iipmemorial. A sweep of their remaining two games plus a defeat of Wisconsin by Minnesota woul<| preserve a share of the crown for the downstaters. The Boilermakers will have several incentives as they take the floor, first of which is to even the score with the Hoosier mentor, Branch McCracken, During his regime they have suffered defeat three times in five games. Bad Medicine An interesting fact behind these figures is that both of these defeats have proven costly to the Hoosiers. The first one in 1939 knocked the Cream and Crimson from the top rung late in the season. They lost their next and last game and the crown. The 40-36 defeat suffered here a month ago has helped create their present predicament. A win for the Riveters will be a large step toward securing a first division berth, a berth they have occupied annually since 1919. This alone is incentive enough to send the defending champs into the fray under a full head of steam. Another Incentive The Riveters would also like to avenge last year’s twin defeats at the hands of their arch rivals, which was the first time such a thing had ever happened. They have turned the trick 20 times against the Hoosiers. Captain Bob Igney will appear against Indiana for the last time in his career Saturday night. The only other senior on the squad is reserve guard Paul Pauline. Adieu! ' Igney will resume a rivalry with Jay McCreary which dates to high school days. McCreary will perform against the Riveters for the last time as will such Hoosier stalwarts as Bill and Bob Menke, Herm Schaefer and Bob Dro. Yesterday afternoon the Riveters dulled on defense against a fastbreak and also worked on short, snappy passes. Several of the frosh cagers participated in the workout, e.c.y.
THIS MIGHTY DRAMA OF THE SEA,..A STORY OF PRIMITIVE HUMAN JOYS AND HATREDS Only Eugene O’Neill could write ft!
I44c/tet U/an^et presents / JOHN FORD'S Production of ^ EUGENE O'NEIU'S
* *
The LONG VOYAGE
HOME
JOHN THOMAS IAN WAYNE • MITCHEU- NUNnfe STARTS TODAY im/mm
Boilermaker Grapplers Beaten By Indiana, 18-8 Bloomington, Ind., Feb. 26—(Special to Purdue Exponent)— Winning six out of eight possible matches, Indiana’s ijowerful wrestling team last night proved ill-mannered hosts as they defeated the Riveter grapplers 18 to 8 on the Bloomington mat. Co-Captain Casey Fredericks was the only man on either squad to pin his opponent. The classy little 121 pounder from Hammond started the evening’s proceedings off the right way when he defeated Hoosier Crosby without being pressed too much. Ruggieri Wins Too ^ Following Casey’s triumph. Coach l\QniQ Roy Claude Reeck’s matmen dropped six " " bouts in a row before Ruggieri, a center on Mai Elward’s football eleven, outpointed Trimble in the finale. Riveter Allman lost his set-to with Sparks on a decision, while Jack Foster was defeated in the 136 pound class by Wilson. Co-Captain John Papurca, senior from Brooklyn, New York, lost on points to Creani and Crimson grunter Rolak. Hoosiers Burns, Lazzari and Traster won out over Boilermakers Bob Britt, 156 pound; Joe Hlinka, 165 pounds, and Warren Eviston, 175 pounds. All of these victories were scored on points. Ruggieri’s conquest over Hoosier Trimble was also consummated when the former outpointed his opponent. The victory for Casey Fredericks marks the second year that he has emerged winner in every dual meet, IM Schedules
... Cochrane, holder of the American and Big Ten indoor records in the 440 yard dash. Roy last year set a new mark in the conference indoor running, with a :48.2 second quarter mile. He will be among the lU stars here Saturday and will again visit the Fieldhouse for the championships on March 7 and 8. o.t.c. frosh Golfers \ . . . will meet in the basement of the Fieldhouse today, tomorrow, and Saturday at 4:00 p. m. with Coach Harry Allspaw in the first practices for the freshmen golf team. All freshmen interested in winning numerals in golf should report to Coach Allspaw on these days, w.h.h.
BASKETBALL
Thursday, Februarf 27 Court 1—H. Young
7 00 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Chi Rho 7.15 Theta Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Court 2—C H. Rechenbach Acacia vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Sigma Pi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda
Court 8—G. Doher^
Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa Sigma
Ward 9 vs. Ward 18. Court 4—J. Zehrlng
Final Game D1 vs D2.
7 00 7:15
7 00 7 16
7 00
4 00 p m 4.30 p.m 6:00 p m 7 30 p. m 8 '00 p m 8 30 p m 9 00 p m
RIFLE Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Kappa Phi Gamma Delta Phi Delta Theta. Lambda Chi Alpha Kappa Sigma
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES WHEN PLANNING YOUR DANCING PARTIES— CALL ON US RATES REASONABLE PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S6TH & BRRRY
Handsomer Than Your Fovoritt Cowboyl
Wilking, playing, working, dugout wedge perforated oxford above in •addle tan . . . perforated fringe tongued tabot below the pailmine, white, and brown and white. \
I Gexuxtif^ tShj>c/:L
Iritlaai’s lllititas
By Joseph Patrick Dolan ' Not that it matter;^: This week, as far as Purdue is concerned, it is Indiana vs. Purdue in about everything except ice hockey. Two out of three won'’t be a bad percentage against the Hoosiers in swimming, wrestling, and basketball. —I-I— When I was a sophomore, the sports ed. of this rag tagged me with the assignment of looking up the Purdue wrestling history, which took a few more than a few hours, and the worst thing about it was that every time I found a victory run for Purdue wrestling teams, I always had to turn to the page where the string was snapped by Indiana university. Yep, no Purdue wrestling team has ever had comi plete success against the Hoosiers. —I-I— But “on paper” it looks as if Coach Reeck and his might have “it” this week-end down at Bloomington. Also Coach Phillips and his track team are in for a real dual meet with the Hoosiers. Since Phillips came here, Purdue has beei^ whacking away at the Hoosier’? cinder supremacy until the present indicates that Indiana holds but the slightest margin of favoritism. -_I-I-_ Turning to the professional world, I really feel sorry for Hank Greenberg, Detroit’s versatile baseball player. Hank, whose low number in the Auto City draft list makes his ’41 ball season of dubious character, has the problem of playing under two flags.
ARC TODAY Thru SATURDAY SPBOKL iianetM
LIMA Today-Fri.^at.—2 HITS w
IN A horror Ha^-raiser! fHRt , , / t ^ ^ , I'/-.
“/
'vMf
PukduuL ^xfumanL
thursdoy; February 27, 1941
1
i m ^fMfdAo
> €*'151
aassified Ads
FOBSAliB Typtwrtta— and adding machines, new and nsejL fee sale, rent and repaired. All makes sf psrtable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.69. CMHse supplies. lUmeograph and mnltlgraph work. 0. F. EbershoS, 606 Main' St. Pbmie, 9779.
FOB BENT FSr Benit Bnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all oesnetone. Min. $2.60 all night. Fhoile 2407.
nA Membersi Beginners Dance Class will start Thursday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m., in room 868 of the Union. Get your tickets Junior Women: Prease stop in room 212 of the Union Wednesday or Thursday, February 26-27, between 8 and 6 p. nn —CABROLL.
An Students: Interested in playing in a symphony orchestra call 41061', or leave your name, address and telephone number in the PIA box at the east dmk of the Union addressed to me. —SMULEVITZ.
PIA Men’a Chorus: Regular rehearsal on Thursday, February 27. at 7:80 p. ns. in ^e PIA office. Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
Lost: Eanm Key. Kathleen Hill on back. Reward. IWe 66978. Lost: Delta Gamma pin. Name on back. Jeanne Baeknam. Reward. Call 8489.
liost: Delta Sigma Phi Fraternity Pin. Reward. B(d> Bohlander. Phone 71834.
Students With C or I grades: Examinations for the removal of C or I grades in History, Government or Economies will be given ^turday, March 8, at 1 p. m. in room 818 Of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Building. —BSTEY.
liostt Tan camel-hair top coat in south hall, Reoitation Building. Reward. Phone 8068. Bill Ogden,
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7:15 p. m. in Exponent office. —McKEE.
Notices
Fratoml^ Presidents: Authorise your treasurcM Is send cheques for fire assessments to nse immediately. ^ —BEBGSTEDT.
Prom Committee: Meeting postponed until Thursday, February 27, in room 261 of the Union. r-,WOLPF.
Biology Students: Examinations for the removal of C and I grades wlH be held in Coulter Hall Saturday, March 1, at 1 p. m. —HNDERS.
To Whom Jt May Concern: Found, one tie clasp.' Owner may claim su(d> at n^ office in Coulter Hall. —HNDSatS.
Catdtysl CInh: Election of pledges at Chemical Metallurgical Building at 7 p. m., Satli^. March l. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell’s office before Friday afternoon. —BERGSTBDT.
Removal of Conditions in Eivlish and Speech: Baarinations will be held in room 101 of tiM Education building Saturday, March M, a« 1 p. m. —CREEK. AH Co-odb: Thoee wanting YWCA cabinet posMoaB for next year should send petRioas Is Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19. —BRYANT. Janlor dSMndcal and Metallurgical Engfaiem: ltMq)ectlon trip assessments are due. Pay in room 101, chem and met building. —LOVELL.
Review Cfeaaes in English: The following classes wlH be held: Grammar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24; fto^ng, week of March 3. They will all be idven in' room 111 of University Hall at 6 p. at. _ —CREEK.
Skull mmI Crescent Actives: Get money to Burk^Uier as soon as possible for keys. He needs it. —LANIUS.
One of the newest Collars—Gordon, Sasser HERSEY^S “IFherc Every Shirt Is an ARROW^’ 507 Ifain Street Lahr Hotel Building
How to rate ! an “A** in campus
^ear Arrow Shirts
IJANDS across the table may be the extent of your finesse with the Ipemmes ... or maybe you’re the wolf type who steals your roommate’s best sirl five seconds after you’ve met her. Regardless of your line, you’ll need fome smooth Arrow Shirts to bolster «p your cause. Neat crisp patterns in all the latest authentic collar models are yours for' the small sum of two aocks. An Arrow’s trim Mitoga fit plus the incomparable Arrow collar will pull compliments without fishing.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Arrow Shirts at Dewenter’s in Oxford, Broadcloth, Madra and Button-down, Short Point or Regular Collars.
416 MAIN
See the New Gordon Dounhler DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
AIMBt A meeting will be held Thundny, February 27, in room 302 in the Chem and Met Building at 7:30 p. m. Prof. Shreve will speak on “Precious and Semi-precious Jewels,” followed by a short business meeting. —PHILLIPS. Buffalo Purdpe Club: All students from Buffalo and Western New York will meet in Room 286 of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, February 27. —BAUMAN.
Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 6, in room 201 of the Education Building at 8 p. m. Ail junior and senior education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and their jobs. —^NORQUIST.
MB 80 C’s and I’s: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 80 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room ME 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE.
Wesley Foundation: Skating pany has ,been planned for Friday, February 28, at 8:80 p. m., leaving foundation at 10 p. m. Prices are 80c for men and 16c for girls. —McFADDEN.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room 806 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, February 27. —SAMS.
Ag Students: Interested in hearing Professor E. B. Hart speak at Enders Hotel in Indianapolis March 3 on “Nutritutional Value of Butterfat versus Vegetable Oils” should make reservations with W. K. Mosely, 315 DeQuincy Street before Saturday, March 1.
Newman Club: Contact committee will meet Thursday, February 27, at 4 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
'-All Co-eds: Those interested in being in the WAA Council sign up at the Memorial gymnasium by Tuesday, March 4. —WBSTOVER.
Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, February 28, at 4 p. m. in room 58 of the Union. Open to all who may be interested. —MOFFET. Sknll and Crescent: Banquet before the Cotillion will begin at 7:30 p. m. Friday, February 28, in rooms 856 and 868 of the Union. —BROPHY.
AlChE Meeting: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, in EE 129. George M. Pohler will speak on “Development of Low Temperature Distillation Equipment.” The new issue of AIChE Bulletin will also be distributed. —MASSEY.
Military Code Claaeea: There are still some vacancies in the extra-curricular code instruction classes. These include places for 40 beginners on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday^ and for 10 advanced students on Thursday and Friday. Classes meet during the hours 4 to 6 p. m. —BURKHARDT. Batteries D1, D2 Meet For Basketball Crown Batteries D1 and D2 will meet tonight at 7 o’clock on the main floor of the Pieldhouse for the finals of the freshman military basketball tournament. The lineups of both teams are studded with former high school stars including Hobson of D1 and Fisher of D2 who have been high scorers so far in the tournament. Tuesday night D1 defeated H4, 29-16, and D2 defeated Al, 24-7, to win their ways into the finals. This tournament is a major event in military athletics and everyone interested in basketball is invited to attend.
student Senate: Important meeting of Lost and Found committee Thursday, February 27, at 4:16 p. m. in the office. Be there. —LAWRENCE.
Riding Clnb: Important meeting Thursday, February 27, .at 7:46 p. m. in room 268 of the Union. All members please attend. —GRAHAM.
The new $30,000 henhouses at the University of Connecticut are steam-heated and termite - proof, with electric lights, hot and cold running water and automatic fountains.
Sknll and Crescent Actives: Important meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7:80 in the Chestnut room of the Union. Ijet’s all be presept for a change. —LANIUS.
Christian Student Fellowship:. Visitors are welcome to our next meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. in room 807 of the Union. —LONG. Glider Club: Bring dues to the meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7 p. m. in room 328 in the Union. —KANE,
CORSAGES . . . To Beautify and Delight!! Your date will be thrilled with a fragrant, exquisite corsage of gardenias, carnations, or camellias, especially when sent to her from the . . . Dorner’s Flower Shop
7th and Main Streets
Phone 6050
A hit that was made at dinner time . . . in the ^hjL&jtmdi dioDJfL He took her to the Chestnut Room for dinner JhSL fiwtdusL WsumsALodL lAmotL The Comer of the Campm— Yet the Center of jlcfivMea
PRICES GO UP MAiCcH 5 PRICES GO UP MARCH 5 I^RICKS GO UP MAROI $
Pictures and Stories of All Activities The Junior Prom . , . The Military BaU .. . Pan Hellenic and Riveters’ Rassell . . . idong with the Union, Exponent, Debris, and other aedvities hiake up a larger portion of the Debris.
Representation of All Student Organizations A pictorial memoranda goes with the copy written for the sororities, fraternities, residence halls, and co-ops. Again we see the Camera Qub, Flying Club, GUder Club.
Not to be forgotten'are the honoraries: Gimlet, Aeamers, old Peppers, and Tan Beta’s ^^Bnllies” and Chi Delta Rho. \
And last but not least, “Ye olde spirit between staff and student.
A True Tribute to Purdue For Its Year of 1940-41
1941
DEBRIS
8
PRICES GO UP MARCH 5 PRICES GO UP MARCH S PUKES GO UP MARCH S’■^6
t, W „ ~
%prT^‘ \
t
OntftJk /if//fet
N
Dnuadoy. Febtutny 27i IMl
^M/iiuL £3cp/nuudL
Greenkeepers Close Two-Day Conference Eighty gi^nkeepers from all parts of Indiana and from several neighboring states yesterday concluded their fourth annual two-day short course with a discussion of questions submitted by participants during the sessions. Carl Bretzlaff of the Meridian Hills Country Club, Indianapolis, was chairman of the afternoon session, at which Dr. A. H. Monroe of the speech department spoke on "Conference Methods.” At the morning session O. J. Noer of the Milwaukee Sewage Commission showed kodachrome slides illustrating his discussion on fertilizers. The editor’s viewpoint on links maintenance was expressed by A. L. Brandon, editor of Greenkeepers Reporter. Further discussion on course design, weeds and weed control concluded the session. j.h.a. Camera Club To Feature Colored Slides Of Parks Natural color slides, shown by Professor J. H. Bowman of the school of Electrical Enginering, will be featured at meeting of the Camera dub in room 304 of the Union tonight. The slides including 126 photographs taken in ten national parks, will be shown beginning at 7:30 o'clock. All faculty and students are invited. r.s.k.
Debaters To Oppose Emory Team Tonight The University varsity debate team will meet debaters from Emory university, of Atlanta, Ga., tonight in the Union. The subject of the debate, which will be a dual meet, is "Resolved: That the nations of the Western Hemisphere should form a permanent union.” Both affirmative and negative teams will represent each university. The Purdue affirmative will be taken by W. M. White and Mark Keane in room 212, and the negative will be presented by George Picha and Robert Weiss in room 303. This IS only the second meeting of the two teams in the last ten years s.b.w. Mickey Isley Here For Mixer Saturday Mickey Isley and his half-sweet, half-fast orchestra will play for the mixer in the north ballroom of the Union Saturday evening. Mickey and his band hail from Gary, where Mickey broadcasts over WBBM and the Columbia Broadcasting System. Lately he has been playing at the Madeira Ballroom in South Chicago. This IS the first time in two yeais that he has been available for an engagement at the University. s.b.w.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Prefetsional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR.LUTHBI A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th tr Main Sta, Phone 57l€
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION OINTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phene 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
!• Hardwara
e Jewelers
Edgertmi Hdwe. Inc. Quality hMse.—idower Pifcea If It'a Herxiwai* We Neve It Phone 4354 We DeMvei
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Thate's good reason for &e continued popularly of our pOTtune moccasins— style pkiB oomlorU Drop by our store ai^ ask to see fliis smart, cx>mfort-plus moooasm cdong willi our other new Fortune elyleet ioutune
B. & W. SHOE CO.
121 N. 4rii Stract
.The Ratio— 3.93 .••fo 1
This Union gang, or whoever is sponsoring this “Harem-Scarem” business is unfair to organized men, or something. When they put three hi^h-pressure saleswomen on that ticket selling table down in front of the Sweet Shop like Sylvia Pittman, Charlotte Pirie, and Bertie Cole, well, we juat don’t have a chance. Speaking of wooing, Reva Richmond is doing a swell job on the athletes. She’s picking on the football players like Johnny Galvin, right now, but just wait until basketball season is over. Keep it under your hat people, but we have it from a very reliable source. Bob Adams by name, that the prom committee has signed Kay Kyser to play in the Sweet Shop, Fred Waring in the cafeteria, Glenn Miller in the Grill, Artie Shaw in the bowling alleys, and as an after-thought. Bora Minivitch and his harmonica rascals in the ballroom. What a time we’re going to have. An Alpha Chi is standing at my back with a knife in her hand demanding that I mention that Barbara Hymen was named to serve on Ann Ostrander’s Court Ann, you know, is the track men’s queen. Therefore, it’s mentioned. Satisfied, Margie Flanagan? Well, people, big week-end coming up, so be prepared. JUNIOR WOMEN Please stop in room 212 of Union Thursday, February 27, between 3 and 6 p. m. Carroll.
The ^th Colmmi
See where the Germans are having a little labor trouble in Holland. What with strikes in Amsterdam. Etcetera. Which is a bum way for the Dutch to treat their protector and benefactor who is keeping them safe from the English. And just goes to prove that.. . They don’t care if they do die. * * » It’s just as good as standng. e * * And less work. * «> >i< See also where Anthony Eden has moved into Ankara to help the Turks decide the Balkan strategy. Seems to us that Adolph has already decided that. All that is left for them to do . . . Is stamp it rejected. * * * And run like the devil. 4> * * The main problem seems to be wrapped up in a method of handling Nazi tourists. And convince them that with the world in its present state of upheaval. And in view of the crisis. That if they have to tour. To tour Germany. >K Xc « Getting back to the business of Naval Reserve examinations, we discovered that one of the major qualifications . . . Is to have five scars.
Thd Purdue Exponent
, -BataMd an Me«ni «laM outtar *t th* pOfit aMoa M Lalajratta, InJtaaa, aadar tka aet at Oaa«raaa at Matak t, 1879. aa4 at tka siMcial lata ot paatac* pnvkM far aaetiaa 1108, aet at Oatobcr 8,1817, anthwlM tammmr 80, 1488. PdUiMiad 4ai^ anapt Moadajr dufta* tka Msalar aaadearia yaar and waaUp dorinit tka Saauaar Saaaiaiv Dallvarad loaaUr kr aarrtar twt $8>00 par paar, a>a|l adbaeriptiaa 88.80 MUarda-CkM-Barinaaa ifaaacar-. PubHcatlen Staff Kawa WHoe J. JL MeKaa Maaacina Kdttar D. K. Ha^ AMoeiata BdHont N. A. O^iltraa,Jf. A. FaiwA lTw. RaVaer, R. ML Skallerap. J. L, Tmaaatt.
Biirina8B'Staff Iiaaal AdTartWac Maaaaara: D. •. Powan, S. 0. Laadarn: Promotio* Manaarer. 0. F. Danglaautjaat Aaaaaala Managar. R. J. Shatfords Cireulatioa Mknagar. R, M. Raektanwald,
Rdltor Aafoeiata Editaia:
Co-ad Staff —_Jktk Wwipaao Marg Kag Millar, Rntk Rtaa. Daaaa
Sports Staff Rditor „.,J. P. DoUa AMoalata RdUon: J. F. Adaiaaon, P. C. Jokaaaa. R. O. Swaiau
Phonos: Editorial 4005; Biisiitoss 5038; Sports 2792 Raprataated for national advertiaing kg National AdTartiaing Serrlea, Ine., Collaga PablUhen RapraaantatlTaa, 480 Madkott Ara.. Now York, N. Y. Staff For This Issuo Night Rdltor: Ochiltree Dag Rdltari Rose Issue Editor: Noreg Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: C. Thomas, M. Flanagan, M. Loseg, G. Hoffnian, A. Selzer, S. Wolf, S Lowy, A Chatheld, J. Wood, F. Jones, B. Fuller, J. Petty, W. Fleming, O. Claric, W. Hummel, D. Meier, E. Young, J. McDonall, J. Ramsdell.
For identification purposes, lose your head.
In case you happen to
However, a crew cut can be substituted for tatooing. —dkh.
Major R. B. Riordan Joins Military Staff Major Robert B. Riordan, on leave of absence from the University of Notre Dame where he was registrar and associate professor of economics, has reported for duty with the military department of the University. Riordan was a member of the AEF in 1918-19 with the Trench
Mortar Battalion, Coast Artillery Corps. The major obtained his AM and PhD degrees from the University of Notre Dame in 1924 and 1933, respectively, s.h.l. Phi Kappa Tau . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following: Carlton C. Davis, Jr., Wabash; Richard E. Haskell, Chicago, and Donald G. Frier, West Lafayette.
You Gould Write Our Advertising If You Gould See OUR Values PURDUE 5 and 10
Across from Postoffice
Coolidge, Simon Talk Al Activities Meeting Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, and Rabbi Mayer H. Simon will speak at a special meeting open to all women on the campus tonight at 7:30 o'clodc in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Miss Coolidge will discuss “The Co-ed and Her Activities on the Campus,” while Rabbi Simon’s talk will deal with “The Woman and Her Activities in the Community.” The meeting is sponsored by the House Presidents’ Council of the AWS with Martha DMierty In charge. All co-eds are urged to attend. j.g.p.
PLAIN GARMENTS CLEANED AND PRESSED 3 for $1.00 Guaranteed work done at this amazingly low price. Leave your garments at our West Side Branch located at 332 Northwestern Ave. EAST SIDE CLEANERS 312 South 16th St. Phone 7807
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN B1 Content of 0|ir White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-BI Yeast
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
ATTENTION FELLOWS! OUR NEW SPORT SHIRTS ARE HERE LONG SLEEVE SPORT SHIRTS IN GABARDINE, SPUN RAYON, AND BROADCLOTH At Prices From Only 98^ to $1-65
224 Main Sf.
RELIABLE
224 Main St.
tliRABOW
I'HF Af PiFEj 1
Tbtft^S 08l)f 888 C8t* 8|il|ie...ifiarsiqr' S8nki8| it... Mir'' iin umutuie mVBl «8lMUMMirSBIKiia8NO IJ1E wg^^MMMMBiBnKaiaa lOimitTAIII^ . mmmm MRHTIP