M* » t
Purdue
E.iil
Exponent
Volume Sir N(^ 174
Thumdoy/ B4ay 9, 1940
Adivities Bureau Eleds 'Fresh Re/«/s’ Opens Run May National Inspedion OHicers For Next Year ^"9® Begins With 19 Gun Salute I wl At 2 o’clock this afternoon the University ROTC coma will
Election Of Two Seniors, Six Juniors FeOtureS LaughS GalOte
Climaxes Yesterday's Interviewing Activities Bureau, service organization to campus activities announced yesterday the election of the following officers for the coming year: Walter D. Gipe, Sigma Chi, director; Betty Jane Darr, Executive and James Wally, Phi Delta Theta; Hal Schomstein, Phi Kappa Psi; Dave Jordan, SAE; Harriet Forgey, Pi Beta Phi; Betty Graham, Kappa Kappa Gamma; and Eleanor Miller, Kappa Alpha Theta, as juniors managers. New Officers’ Duties —
The elections were held yesterday after interviews during the afternoon and evening, by the Electoral board consisting of Bob Insley, Exponent; Herb Fishburn, Senate; Dick Stapelton, SAA; Dave Brubeck, Union; Bill Strong, Debris; Martha Morehead, music organizations; Pat Heine, dramatics; Jerry Hinshaw, PI A; and Ann Sickman,
WSGA.
Activities Bureau, whose job is co-ordinating the various campus activities as well as overseeing the dreaded 3.6 scholarship ruling for participation in activities, is headed by the director who determines the policies of the organization. Executive Betty Dai r will deal with the problems of personnel and finances. Faculty advisor is Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president.
Commander R. R.lukens ... CE ’08 Inspector, San Francisco district U. S. Coast Geodetic Survey for the past four years, has been transferred to Manila, P. I., where he will be director of Coast Surveys, a bureau of the Philippine Island Commonwealth carrying on the charting of coastal waters.
Soil Erosion Expert Will Speak Tomorrow Night On Friday, May 24, at 7:30 p.m., in room 129 of the electrical engineering building. Dr. W. C. Lowdermilk, assistant chief of the soil conservation service in Washington, D. C., will present an illustrated lecture on man’s battle against soil erosion. This picture-story is based on his recent 30,000 mile trip through 17 countries in various parts of the world, studying the effects of soil erosion. Dean H. J. Reed, of the school of agriculture, will preside at
the lecture.
McCutcheon Observes 70th Birthday; Gets Award John T. McCutcheon, class of 1899 and famous cartoonist and writer of Chicago, celebrated his seventieth birthday Monday. Mr. McCutcheon, who is just one year younger than the University, was given a distinguished alumni award a year ago. He received many greetings from other alumni while attending Gala
Week.
Student Opinion Toward Press Assumes Constructive Aspect
(By Associated Collegiate Press) For years the American ^college student has been openly critical of the press. There still is vociferous criticism in the classroom, in informal discussions, and in the campus publications. But it has grown steadily more constructive. The charge that all newspapers are packed full of lies fails to win college support today. Rather, students are familiarizing themselves with difficulties that beset the press, with its aims, with peculiar conditions relative to certain newspapers. Ahd still they believe extensive changes must be made if newspapers are to give fullest service. Personal Journalism Trend Student editorialists at the University of Idaho note a trend toward the return of personal journalism, a trend brought about by many factors. And they conclude that “the machine press has fallen into the same disfavor as have most mere machines. A new crusading newspaper fighting its personal fight to stamp out the evils of a careless democracy on the home front would not solve all of a nation’s problems. Social scientists, educators and many enlightened newspaper men, however, agree it would be a big help.” Washington and Lee undergraduate journalists feel that ‘"despite its piotestations to the contrary, the journalism profession, by and large, is one of the most conservative in the world.” Speculating on the newspaper’s future, this publication continues, “It seems to us to be inevitable that the position of newspapers in the future will be much different fiom the past, when the papers had a complete monopoly on all news sources, and that if the papers themselves do not soon begin to realize the changes that are coming and prepare themselves for them, they
“Fresh Fields,” the last Playshop production this year, opened last night in Fowler Hall for a four night run. The romantic leads were played by Vinton Taylor as the clumsy, unpolished Una Pidgeon, and Carl Thompson as Tim Crabbe^ the educated, but jobless son of Lady Mary Crabbe who was portrayed by Mary Johnston.
“Fresh Fields” is a modern English comedy, based on the trials and tribulations of a financially embarrassed noble family as they try to make some money by sponsoring the daughter of an Australian hotel owner, Mrs. Pidgeon, in formal English society. Ah, A Little Strategy The girl, Una Pidgeon, turns out to be hopelessly unsophisticated, as far as Lady Mary is concerned; as are her mother, played by Bernice Beisel, and her uncle, Tom Larcomb, played by Don Salmond. Their presence in the great house greatly offends Lady Mary’s spinster sister, self-pitying Lady Lillian, played by Sue Enders. Finally, after a temperamental blow-up, the Pidgeon clan moves back to the Ritz, though not before Lady Mary has interested her sister in Tom Larcomb, the uncouth Australian. She Leads Him On Things go from bad to worse in the house, but the worst of all is
the discovery that Lady Mary’s good friend. Lady Strawholme, played by Patricia Frigge, has introduced bull-like Una at Court. However, when Lady Strawholme brings Una to tea, Una proves to be quite a changed young lady. She professes her love to Tim Crabbe, and induces him to express his feelings for her. Later in this act Tom Larcomb overpowers Lady Lillian, and they too go away to be married, leaving Lady Mary at last reconciled to Mrs. Pidgeon, in fact, very friendly toward her. Miller Directs, Deam Stages Josephine Strong as Miss Swaine, secretary to Lady Mary and Lady Lillian; and Eugene Bacon, as Ludlow, the butler, are very good in their supporting roles. “Fresh Fields” was directed by Jack W. Miller, and was staged by William L. Deam. The production will continue through Saturday night.
may sink to being mere recorders of births and deaths and suits led, and disappear as a powerful influence in American life.” Truth From Europe Asking the question, “Nothing But the Truth?” the Dakota Wesleyan student newspapei declares that “For those wh6 are certain that the American newspapers are reporting nothing but the truth from Europe, it might be well to notice the figures concerning the number of Germans killed in the Polish conquest.” Citing the discrepancies, the Dakota editorial continues, “there is little question but that the reports received in this country have been entirely too lopsided. This has been largely due to the fact that reports must first pass through the hands of the British censorship, in order to be cabled to this country. Were it not for the on-the-spot broadcasts by radio, the news which we receive would unquestionably have been even moie prejudiced.” Along the same line, the Michigan State News feels that the American press painted “too white a picture of the Finnish cause and too horrible a situation of the ‘Red hordes’.” Coverage here at the Russo-Finnish encounter, continues the News, should have been “more impartial, less aimed at Russian ‘inhumanities.’ Germany’s Bismark several decades ago said, ‘Many a nation has gone to war to repair the windows broken by its bellicose press.’ It should not, fellow Americans, be that way this time.” These and scores of other student sounding boards thus continue their constructive criticism, hoping for conditions that may make possible the changes they desire, and meanwhile doing what they can to follow the journalistic ideals they are urging on their “big brothers.”
Wilcox Addresses Pi Tau Sigma Group At Annual Banquet C. C. Wilcox, head of the Mechanical Engineering School of Notre Dame, addressed the members and initiates of Pi Tau Sigma, engineering honorary, at their annual initiation banquet last night. Wilcox, who is also power plant engineer for General Motors and Studebaker and consulting worker for A.S.M.E., spoke on his experiences as an engineer. ’The entertainment for the banquet, which was held in the east faculty lounge of th Union building, was furnished by Miss Kathryn E. Moller, a pianist from South Bend. E. S. Ault, head of Machine Design, and C. C. Wilcox were honorary initiates while the following students lys^e initiated: H. P. Wist, A. P. Schnaible, P. J. Brennan, E. L. Beakslee, W. R. Shelmerdine, H. J. Zintel, J. F. Bowling, W. D. Marsh, J. C. Davis, P. W. Wolverton, C. H. Rockwood, T. P. Peppier, E. P. Neher, W. A. Ward, W. R. Woodward, G. W. Brewer, C. E. Brown, D. H. Jackson, C. M. McKeigen, H. S. Gerstung, and H. M. Zaki. 1J CAA Students Qualify For Licenses Captain L. I. Aretz, operations manager of the University airport, announced yesterday that eleven students enrolled in the CAA private pilot training course have successfully passed their flight tests and qualified for private pilot’s licenses. “Wings” have been won by the following students: L. V. Teeter, Pulton; Perry Davis, Denver, Colo.; Thomas Persinger, Seymour; Russel Glasser, Chicago; Curtis Sommer, Peoria, 111.; John Swinney, Charlotte, North Carolina; Leonard Wlekinski, East Chicago; Everett Gruberm, Delphi; Richard Coleman, Port Wayne; Arthur Phinney, Pittsfield, Mass.; and Perry Clark, Syracuse, N. Y. This new group increases the total number of students who have satisfactorily completed their flight work this year to 26.
im
eqin
At 2 o’clock this afternoon the University ROTC corps vsall assemble in the Armory, and march to Intramural field where the annual spring inspection and review will be held. The entire corps of cadets consisting of four regiments of field artillery, including a truck-drawn batallion of 75 mm. guns, will be formed on the field by 2:30 p.m. Bleachers to accomodate several hundred spectators have been placed at the east end of the parade
ground.
When Governor M. Clifford Townsend arrives at 2:30 p.m., he will be honored by the firing of a 19 gun salute. After this salute the inspection will begin. Some other of the distinguished guests will be Major General Robert M. Danford, Chief of Field Artillery, and Lieut. Gov, Henry F. Schricker. The inspecting officers are Colonel Robert M. Milan and Majors F. E. Kauffman and J. A. Steere. Following the inspection, the corps will pass in review in a column of massed batterie^. Inspection Banquet The annual inspection day banquet will be held tonight at 7 p.m. in the south ballroom of the Union, President Elliott will be toastmaster and Major General Danford will be the principal speaker. At this time the three Albert Smith sabers will be presented by Colonel Smith
Saturday Afternoon Thirty-six organizations, including the PIA and the Cary Clubs will compete in the All University Sing to be held in the new Hall of Music on Saturday at 2 o’clock. For the first time the sing has been separated into a preliminary and final program. Due to the number competing, the preliminaries will be divided into three parts and the audience may come and go during these intermissions. Judges for the contest are Mrs. Edna Bowling of DePauw University and Mr. William I. Pelz, Indianapolis. They will choose ten men’s and three women’s organizations to sing in the finals, all of whom will receive prizes. The final two winning organizations will be awarded the grand prizes. Previous to the evening program, at 7 o’clock. President Elliott will crown Ellen Kepner WSGA May Queen. Ruth Bennett and Paul Hamman, Union Vice Presidents, are in charge and will announce the pro-
gram.
Farm Management Department Plans Fish Fry Tomorrow An annual fish fry sponsored by the farm management department, will be held tomorrow afternoon at the Lafayette Rotary Camp, eleven miles northeast of the campus. In addition tc the members of the department, all Ag students are invited to attend. Tickets, priced at 35 cents, may be purchased any time before the picnic from the following: Eugene Alexander, Paul Carrington, Lee Lumpkin, Jake S1 o n a k e r, George Abshier, Bob Troyer, Gordon Sears, Dr. Butz, or Miss Riggs in the farm management office. Those planning to attend should meet in front of Ag hall at 4 p. m., where cars will be provided for free transportation.
Riding Club's Third Annual Gymkhana Shows Mother's Day Plans for the University Riding Club’s third annual gymkhana next Sunday on Intramural field have virtually been completed. The meet will be one of the featured events of a full Mother’s Day program, getting under way at 2:30 p.m. Attendance at last year’s show reached the 4,500 mark and adequate bleachers will be provided to accomodate spectators at this year’s free show. As in the past two years the meet will feature all types of riding. Special events have been planned, and awards will go to winners of the first four places in each event. Total entries to date number 76, with more expected later. Of this number, 20 are University students. Two Judges Selected Judges for the occasion will be Mrs. Lucy Woodard of Indianapolis, and George Bailey, Lowell. All events will be announced over the public address system with Hank Miller, WBAA announcer, giving the details. Music will be provided while the events are taking place. Included in the list of events will be a parade of all participants, exhibition of three - gaited saddle horses, a fancy get-up with unique riding costumes prevailing, exhibition of five-gaited saddle horses, a balloon contest, and a jumping contest. To conclude the afternoon’s program members of the Algonquin stables in Indianapolis will present an exhibition jump. Student Entries Student entries to date include the following: Alice Martens, Mai*y Mather, Doris Sauvage, Reva Richmond, Jerry Buhoke, Jane Caldwell, Denis Martin, Ramona Rusk, Natalie Dennis, Dorothy Kolar, and Jane
Myer.
Additional student entries are: Meelia Davison, Howard Minton, Tim Graham, Paul Forsythe, Kenneth Matjier, Jack Lirpak, Bob Maynard, and Ed Little.
Classes Dismissed All University classes will be dismissed at noon today in order that students may witness the ROTC review on Intramural field at 2:30 p.m.
to the three seniors who presented the best solution to problems in military tactics. The recipients of the sabers this year will be Cadet Captain G. E. Bowman, Cadet Captain R. A. Specker, and Cadet Captain R. R. Cooper. Tickets for the banquet may be obtained at the west desk of the Union or from members of the committee. Tomorrow the military department will be inspected thoroughly on equipment, material, teaching, and knowledge of the students. At this time the cadets will be expected to answer any questions which may be asked them concerning any phase of their military training.
If It Rains In case of inclement weather, the 1st Brigade, consisting of the 1st and 2nd Field Artillery only, will form in the Fieldhouse at 2 p.m. Notice of this formation will be announced over WBAA at noon in ease the weather makes an outdoor review impractical.
Counsellor Program Facilitates Shift From High School To University Life
By Irma Irwin There isagap, not insurmountable, but nevertheless a much too wide one, between students of universities and their faculty. One of the purposes of the University program of counseling is to close this gap permanently. Do you remember how you came here as a freshman and hung on to every upper-classman's words? And now you are the one whose responsibility it is to say the right things at the right time. Next fall hundreds of freshmen will enter the various schools. They will bring with them a mixtui-e of emotions and convictions. A goodly amount will be as cocksure of themselves as big drops in small puddles can be, ^ Puddle To Ocean They can’t understand that their puddle has become an ocean overnight. Can you make^them realize a small part in a mighty whole, is greater than the role they played in the puddle—make them realize it without wiping out their complete ego in one fell swoop?
A vast majority of them will be more or less afraid—of themselves. They want to do the right thing, to appear as sophisticated as you will seem to them, above all they want to “belong.” It will take such a little time to give them confidence. You’ll Forget Some of you are going to rush them. You will forget all about the things they need to know, never remembei to bring them closer to the people imder whom they are going to work and strive to please for the next four years. You’ll show them one small group, and even though you may be entirely i-ight about that group’s merits, you’i’e just giving them a chance at a slightly larger puddle without letting them look at the ocean. No matter how good you are, the job’s too big for you alone, it’s too big for any one of the faculty. That’s why you’re going to get together; let the freshmen know you both, and give the schqol the best freshmen crop they've ever had.PUBD0E EXPONENT
Thursday. May 9. 1940
Summer Session Offers Chance To Broaden Self
By Gordon Fletcher The last statement President Elliott makes in his introductory article in the University’s bulletin for the 1940 summer session runs as folloyrs: “Truly the Summer Session presents a unique opportunity for those who wordd go up and farther afield.” The truth lying behind these words may be seen as one pei’uses the bulletin, now available in the Executive Building. Courses in graduate and undergraduate work are nearly as numerous as th^s^e in the regular school year. A ^^t number of the fall-winter-spring faculty remain on the campus to conduct them. Unlooked-for Opportunity One may leaf through the booklet and see listed the courses he has always wanted to take, but never has had the time to avail himself of dui'ing any of the standard eight semesters required for graduation. Engineers note literary and general courses that never would fit into their already crowded schedules. A student in science or home economics will see subjects he (or she) may want to know something about. Or the agricultural student may observe broadenings in his field that may never come up in his regular curriculum. Thus, the “farther afield” becomes apparent. The “up” may be realized if one considers that he might take future graduation requirements now nnd not have to wait. And if he is well on the road, additional searchings may be carried out in his chosen field. Here again reference to the introduction helps clarify. It reads, “Scientific research and the widespread extension teaching naturally are continuous enterprises. “More and more the campus teaching departments are on a twelvemonths basis.” “Intellectual Adventure” After stressing the offerings of the summer session to meet the needs of those seeking to learn, not
Ag School Conducts Rural Youth Survey H. J. Reed, director of the University Agricultural extension service, announced yesterday that a survey of rural youth between the ages of 18 and 28, on their attitudes, conditions, problems, and the opportunities open to them, had been started. The survey which is being made voluntarily by rural youth organizations through the cooperation of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, the University, and the Blackford County country life association, began yesterday in Blackford tyAfter the survey is finished in the first county, a similar survey will begin in Hancock and two other counties to be selected later, the results of which will be repoi’ted to the annual meeting of the American Country life association. Assisting with the survey are Dr. O. E. Baker, population authority, U. S. department of agriculture; Dr. Nat Frame, U. S. bureau of agricultural economics; Dr, E. L. Kirkpatrick, American life association; and Dr. Lynn Robertson, University farm management department. Civil Engineering Students Win ASCE Memberships Seven civil engineering students, chosen on the basis of scholarship, public speaking ability, personality, engineering ability, and campus activities, were recently awarded junior memberships in the American Society of Civil Engineers. Six of the awards were presented at the annual banquet of the student branch of ASCE to F. J. Woodsmall, H. H. Ku, H. B. LaForce, K. C. Huston, D. J. Belcher, and R. L. Reiley, The Illinois section of ASCE presented a junior membership to A, R, Shackleton, ’40 at a luncheon meeting in Chicago last Wednesday. Professors R. B. Wiley and C. A. Ellis accompanied Shackleton as guests of the chapter.
In the first 50 years of its existence, the State College of Washington granted a total of 10,099 degrees.
just for nine months out of the year, but who consider education as a never-ending process, President Elliott adds, “Yet it must be insisted that the element of leisure is not unimportant when reckoning the profits of study during the summer period. Then the student freed from many of the restrictions of the curriculum leading to a degree, has the chance for intellectual adventures and for an active part in those social undertakings that satisfy the spirit of liberty.” “Intellectual adventures” might be exemplified by a student in engineering taking courses in psychology, modern languages, or sociology. Or he might like to develop his speaking ability beyond that which he has gleaned from^^one brief course in speech. These adventures are not confined to undergraduates in the engineering school, but may be applied to a student in any branch of the University’s curriculum. French, Economics A student in agriculture may have a desire to learn the French language and something about the way of life in that country. Five French courses are offered in the ’40 summer session. Or the same may be true of his thirst for knowledge in
Personnel Notes
All seniors interested in employment are urged to keep a careful watch on the employment bulletin boards adjoining the main office of their school. Companies are contacting the personnel service daily with jobs for seniors. Anyone having special interest in a particular company or a particular field of work should make a point of contacting Dr. J. E. Walters or J. N. Davis of the personnel service. Since seniors must be called on very short notice for interviews, those interested in talking to employers should keep those in charge of their place of lodging advised as to their schedule of classes. In all cases, a request to call the personnel office should be followed up at once. Undergraduates interested in selling work for the summer should inquire at the personnel service.
H. H. Johnson, Personnel director of the H. & S. Pogue Company, Cincinnati, Ohio, the city’s largest depai’tment store, is interested in receiving applications from science seniors interested in retail merchandising.
V. J. Cox of Ball Brothers, Muncie, mfgrs. of fruit jars, etc., will visit Purdue Saturday, May 18 to interview EE seniors interested in electrical maintenance work.
AND —
—with— JOHNNY MAC BROWN — ALSO — T"" ■ TLJSii ' MR|^
the field of economics. Here he has a choice of eleven varied coursfes. Under the heading of “social undertakings” come such events as Summer Prom, canoeing on the Wabash, joeing in the sweetshop (they say it’s the coolest place on the campus during hot weather), or an evening picnic. Everyday Diversions Various forms of everyday diversions are available just as they are during the fall and spring semesters. The Union with its bowling alleys, puttering room, browsing room, music room, game room facilities, and lounges, is always 9pen. Outdoor activities such as riding, tennis, golf, baseball, archery, and swimming are plentiful. Pools in both the Memorial gym and the Fieldhouse are open daily for instructional and pleasure swims. The airport remains open during the summer, many students learnStudent Union To Sponsor Cabaret Dance May 17 The Student Union is sponsoring a Cabaret Dance in the north ballroom of the Union, Friday, May 17, from 9 to 12. Because of the limited space only 150 tickets will be available, and these may be purchased in front of the Sweet Shop at 4:00 p.m., Monday, for $1.50 per couple. Spring formals will be in order for all persons who attend. Tables seating four to six couples will be arranged in the ballroom, and cokes may be obtained without leaving the dance. Reservations for the tables may be made when tickets are purchased. Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Howard Morton, Indianapolis; Tom Fullerton, Chicago, Illinois; and Kenneth Weaver, Mulberry.
The first book purchased by the University of Texas library was a concordance of the Bible.
Michael Supa, a blind Colgate University student, has been elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
Students of Connecticut College for Women annually conduct their own flower show.
Mr. Sheldon B. Storer, of the Trumbull Electric Manufacturing Company, Ludlow, Kentucky, will visit Purdue this week to interview EE seniors.
Mr. R. F. Hopkins, employment manager of the Chevrolet-Gear &
RICHARD ARLEN > ROCHEllE HUDSON MARIAN MARSH • ISABEL JEWELL A COLUMBIA PICTURE
STARTS TODAY —2 FIRST RUN HITS— One man's life . . . against the faith of millions! THOU SHAH HOT KILL ©miaiLiig IB 3 (g IK IF® Si® OWEN DAVIS. IR. DORIS DAY PAUL GUILFOYLE
—.PLUS — Ride the Thunderbolt of Thrills! UHUTKO WITH JOHN KING MARJORIE REYNOLDS GEORGE CLEVELAND
ing to fly after class hours. Playshop presents summer productions with student casts, and the concert choir gives regularly scheduled concerts. This year the summer session begins on June 13 and closes August 10. Scholastic loads are kept down to give one freedom not enjoyable at other times. And expenses are reasonable. In general they run from 10 to 25 per cent less than for the regular year. Anyone desiring additional information on the session for this summer may obtain it by applying at the office marked “Summer Session” on the main floor of the Executive Building.
Classified Ads
FOB SALE FOR SALE — Typewrit*™. All makee, ■tandard and porti^e, lold, pnrohaaed, rented and repaired. New portable macbinea as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Kbersheff, 606 Main street.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS and squash rackets RBSTRUNG and repaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 65832. 224 Waldron St,
For Sale: One Lot High Grade Photographic Equipment, including camera, enlarger, spotlight, tanks, films, paper, etc. Ph. 61261.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 6065. Reward.
Lost: Law-business by Spencer. Phone 66021.
Will whoever claimed grey topcoat at Lafayette Country Club call 6827. Mixup on coats.
Lost: K & E Log-Log Decitrig Duplex Elide Rule. Call Knight. 8444. Reward.
Lost: Saturday night at Music Hall — Brown suede gloves—16 inches long. Please mail to Mrs. Marian M. Smith; 2421 W. Jackson, Muncie, Indiana. Sender will be reimbersed.
Notices
PIA ChoniB: Rigid rehearsal for the Sing is as follows: Sunday, May 6, at 8 p. m., for 45 minutes; Monday, May 6, Tuesday, May 7, Wednesday, May 8, and Thursday, May 9. 4:15 to 6:15 p. m.; Friday, Map lO, 4:30 to 5:30 p. m., and 730 to 9 p. m., that same evening. All music is Here and we must all work on this religiously. —AROHIBALD.
Fraternity Presidents Cenncil: Regular meeting at 6 p.m., Thursday, May 9, at the Kappa Sigma house. —CATTERALL.
Georgetown University students have voted Hitler the “most outstanding personality in the world today.”
Axle and Forge Division of General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan, is interested in recommendations of several ME seniors for their manufacturing division.
Debris Photography Staff: Meeting Thursday, May 9 at 4 p. m., in Room 865 of the Union. • —DYER.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting at 4:16 pm., Thursday, May 9, in office. —BRYANT.
LEARN TO DANCE PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT IN BALLROOM AND STAGE DANCING PHONE 2150 Hall Rented To Sororities and Fraternities ALLEN’SMi.urww
imA
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
-2 FIRST RUN HITS-
MILUND • DREW PLUS—2ND FEATURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByUclity
“But, Irma—I bet everybody at the office it would be a boy!
Military Students: No classes or drills will be held on Thursday or Friday, May 9 and 10 except those scheduled as part of the Corp Area Inspection. Members of classes scheduled to meet the inspector on Thursday or Friday will attend in uniform. -PICKERING.
Antler’s Hotel, Indianapolis. Those desiring to go sign bulletin board in ME building basement, —KRATZ
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Formal pledging to be held at 4:30 p.m. Thursday, May 9, in room 106 of the chemistry building. —HALL.
Chemistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEE.
Outing Club: All members and all persons interested in the Outing Club are urged to attend the next business meeting of the club on Monday, May 13, in room 261 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. The constitution and the next outing will be the main business under consideration. —CORDUA.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting at 7 ;30 p.m. Thursday. May 9, in Room 303 in the Union. Election of officers. Everybody please be present. —MILLER.
Freshmen Engineers: Engineering lectures will not meet this coming Saturday, May 11. Meetings by schools and curricula will be held on Saturday, May 18. —KNAPP.
Purdue Agriculturist: Tickets for the Ag-' riculturist banquet to be held Monday evening, May 13, will be on sale in the office Thursday and Friday evenings of this week from 4 to 6 o’clock. All reservations must be made by 12 o’clock noon Saturday, May 11. —BURBRINK.
POMM Members: New members who desire keys sign the list posted on the bulletin b(»rd in the Armory before Saturday, April 11. —MASSEY.
Christian Student Foundation: Meeting in room 207 of Union Thursday, May 9, at 7 :30 p.m. The hour will be devoted to discussion of questions submitted by students. —BURBRINK.
Cosmopolitan Club: Short program and special election Friday, May 10, at 4:30 p.m., in room 304 of Union. Banquet announcement will be made. —SHICKEL.
Alpha Lambda Delta Pledges and Activ;ee: Please turn in corsage orders and cash Thursday, May 9, at 4 p.tn. in the Women’s Lounge. —BIRD.
EE Seniors; All students wishing to have their picture included in the 1940 class picture please fill out the form provided in the main office of the electrical engineering building. Please do this promptly. —STRADLING.
Entomology Society: Monthly meeting on Thursday, May 9, at 7 :30 p.m. in toom 103 of Agricultural Hall. Dr. Headlee, of the biology department, will speak. —FREDRICKSON.
Stage, Stump, Studio: Tickets for Stage, Stump, Studio banquet may be obtained at Piayshop, WBAA and Debate offices. —HULTGREN.
Song Leader’s Meeting: All song leaders must attend the meeting, Thursday, May 9, at 7 o’clock in the Music Hall. Assemble in the orchestra pit. —HAMMAN.
SAE: There will be a debate on Diesel engines between Purdue and Michigan students Thursday, May 9, 8:00 p.tn. 'The debate will be held in the Gold Room of the
Women’s Class Baseball: Practice at 4 p.m. Friday, May 10, 13, and 14. Two practices are required. —PIDGEON.
WAA: Council meeting to be held Thursday, May 9, at 7 p.m. as scheduled. —WESTOVER.
AN ANCIENT HOUSE OF DEATH That clutches a mysterious and hidden treasure . . and that holds a twenty year old MURDER SECRET!
Vincent
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
The MOST AMAZING MONSTER Ever CREATED! By day a man of culture . . . by night a maniac . . . let loose by the mad scientist who gave him two brains! BORIS lOI^IOFI BELA uieosi
— 2 DAYS ONLYTODAY - FRi.
mm
mThursday, May 9, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
* o
Riveter Track Team Journeys To Illinois For Fourth Dual Meet
Boilermaker track men face one of their toughest tests of the year when they invade Champaign Saturday for a dual meet with the Illini. So far this season Coach Phillips and his squad have a clean slate, winning dual meets from Chicago, Michigan State, and Wayne by decisive margins, and they will be trying to protect this record with their second Big Ten win of the outdoor season. Illinois, on the other hand, have had only one dual meet this season and were defeated by Michigan by a wide margin. This does not detract from the prestige of the team too greatly, however; as the Wolverines are one of the perennial powerful track squads in the country. Holderman Again Holderman, always a point getter for the team, should be unbeatable in the mile run and can also be counted on in the half mile where he should be aided by A1 Gaulke, In the hurdles Dave Kankin should collect some much needed points. Dave managed to qualify for the finals in the 440 yard hurdles at Drake Relays and this is no mean feat when the competition is so keen. He will be in other events too, and should be a valuable asset. Against Chicago last Saturday his all around performances got him points in five different events for a total of 14 points. Balance Needed / A balanced squad will be needed as well as these individual stars, and they should be well backed by Edwards in the pole vaidt; Weber and Vollmer in the weight tossing events, and Tycocki and Will Gaulke in the dashes and broad jump. Ip the quarter mile the representatives of the gold and black should do quite well, with Shackleton, Anthony, Simmons, and Fisher running. This quartet took fourth in
-
"WANNA TIP ON A SURE WINNER?” I Put $16.75 on the new Palm Beach Suits and you can’t lose. They have perfect form... class aplenty—and they go farther without crumpling than any washable suit you ever saw. The winning colors are white and summery shades of blue, gray, tan and green. See them at your favorite clothier today. Specify PALM BEACH And be sure lo look for the label. Suits, $16.75. Evening Fornials (white jacket, black trousers), $18.50. Slacks, $5.00. Goodall Company, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Boilermakers Smother Wabash Nine
mile relay at the Drake Relays and should shine in this event against the Illini.
Long Distance Swim InFieldhousePool Replaces River Swim There will be no river swim this year! When Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming mentor, came forth with this announcement today, it began to look as though Riveter distance swimmers were going to be without a chance to show their prow- ' ess this season. But — in its place a new event is scheduled which Dick hopes will become as famous as the old river swim. Present plans call for a 1600 meter swim in the Fieldhouse pool May 18 to 19. Competition will be divided into three classes, the breaststroke, backstroke, and crawl, and will be entirely on a time basis. Muddy River Besides being more sanitary than the polluted Wabash, this new endurance swim has other advantages. Coach Papenguth will be able to watch the contestants more closely and may uncover new varsity material. A 1500 meter event is featured in the national iriter-colleg-iates. Johnny Graham represented the Boilermakers in this event this year. A trophy will be awarded the winner in each division, and those placing second and third will receive medals, Dick hopes that the prospect of sharing in these rewards will encourage a large number to sign up on the bulletin board in the check out room.
Second Place Illini Invade Ross-Ade Field Tomorrow Coach Fehring’s Riveter nine is hoping to catch the secondplace Illini diamond squad off balance when the two teams tangle in a week-end double-header, the first game scheduled for tomorrow and the final contest on Saturday afternoon. Both games Will be staged on the Riveter home grounds, Ross-Ade field. Tied with Wisconsin for th,e run-
ner-up position in the Big Ten, the Illini, coached by ex-major leaguer Wally Roettger, have won five and lost three. One of their wins came at the expense of the fast-stepping Hawkeyes who occupy the top of the conference heap. Incidentally, the loss to the Illini is the lone setback suffered by the loop leaders. Tough Twirlers Two dangerous hurlers, Pacotti and Grant, have played a heavy role in the Illini attack this season. Pacotti has two conference victims so far this season, compared to one loss. Grant has pitched three good games for the Illini this season, but has been locked up in pitchers duels in two of them and has dropped a pair of close decisions. In last year’s only game between these two outfits. Grant liberated only two hits to the Boilermakers as he and Bob Bailey hooked up in a beautiful pitching duel. The Illini converted their six hits off Bailey into one run, winning 1-0. Grant, who was then a sophomore, retired the last 19 men who faced him. In that game Drish, star basketballer, collected half of the Illini hits, which establishes him as one of the batters which Riveter hurlers must handle carefully tomorrow. Evers Clouts The leading batter this season for the Roettger-coached nine is Evers, another net star, who sports a .353 mark. Milosevich, who guards the outfield when not on the pitcher's mound, has a higher average—,444, but he has walked to the plate only 9 times in conference tilts. Against the Buckeyes, with whom the Boilermakers broke even last week-end, the Illini pounded out a 16-7 win in the first game, but dropped the other game, 4-1. In the first game Pacotti cuffed the Bucks with five hits, as Evers paced the Illini with two circuit blows.
Bailey vs. Grant Tomorrow’s game promises to be a duplicate of last year’s, since A1 Grant will work in the box for Illinois, while Bob Bailey is slated to do the Riveter twirling.
Archery
.. . matches may be shot in Intramural Field today and continuing through this week, according to the Intramural office. This includes the matches scheduled for last week but which were rained out. IM Schedules
HORSESHOE DOUBLES Thursday, May 9 4 .15—Courts east of Stadium Alpha Chi Rho Delta Chi Kappa Delta Rho Phi Kappa Tau Sigma Phi Epsilon Ti langle Kappa Sigma Delta Upsilon Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Chi Theta Xi Beta Theta Pi , Phi Kappa Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Tau Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Gamma Rho Theta Chi Sigma Alpha Mu Alpha Tau Omega Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Theta ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Thursday, May 9 4 :15 pm —■ Stettner vs Siener Kalbfleisch vs Gardner or Schalliol May vs R Anderson Singer vs Shafer Armstrong vs Goerss W. L. Vaughn vs Lange Mees vs Hartley or Gaiser Mangold vs Kutz or H. C. Jones Lusli vs Stroup or Sells E. H, Vaughn vs Weaver Neal vs Tweksbury Deutman vs Bluestein Melnerney vs Van Camp Bnughman vs Hensey Pfittit vs Metzger CLA.S$ “A” DOUBLES 4 — Sig];na Chi vs Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Sigma Psi Sighna Pi vs Acacia Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Sigma Nu vs Delta Upsilon
We Are the Only Store in West LafRyette that has PALM BEACH CLOTHES GULLION’S
PALM BEACH SUITS at ’SfniiJsifiiL. You ore sure to be fit in the model and style you like best. A COMPLETE STOCK
Riveter Bats Click For 19 Singles, 16 Runs; Clout Two Home Runs Clouting the ball into all corners of the Little Giant ball park. Coach Fehring’s Riveter nine smothered Wabash yesterday afternoon, 16-1. A grand total of 19 hits were collected off the slants of Miller, Little Giant hurler who pitched the full route despite the terrific bombardment. Circuit clouts were registered by Pitcher Emmert, who limited Wabash to five bingles; Kurtz, Riveter reserve, and Hale, a Little Giant, The Riveters’ big bats boomed
eaily in the contest with an eight run uprising promptly greeting the Cavemen in the first frame. A walk, fielder’s choice, double, a pair of walks, and four more hits came in that order to account for the scoring in the big inning. Co-Captain Hearne banged out a three-base hit
during the assault. Runs And More Runs
In the Wabash half of the second. Hale, Little Giant short stop, slapped one of Emmert’s slants for four bases, giving the Cavemen their lone tally. Riveter bats then produced two runs in the second, one in the third, one each in the seventh and eighth, and a final splurge of three in the ninth. In Kurtz’ lone trip to the plate he hammered a home run over the fence. Another timely blow was delivered by Ernie Young who pounded out a single with the bases loaded in the ninth.
No Miscues
Errorless defensive work by the Boilermakers made their performance even more encouraging. In spite of the slugging ways of the Fehringmen, Wabash hobbled only once in the field, which made the game one with particularly good ball
handling.
Besides limiting Little Giant batters to five blows. Pitcher Emmert whiffed seven men, while releasing only two passes. The Wabash hurler, Miller, also had good stuff on the ball as he fanned nine; however, he issued an equal number of free trips to first, which was the only mar in his performance (if you forget the 19 hits he released).
Box score:
PURDUE AB R
Annual Ward Track Meet Won By Ward 10 In Ross-Ade Field Ward 10 outscored Ward 9 by one half point to win the annual ward track meet yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium, 20%-20. They were led by Menchofer, who scored two firsts—one in the 100 yard dash and the other in the 220 yard dash. Ward 9 was paced by Smith, who also collected two blue ribbons, besides running on the winning half-
mile relay team.
Fast Times
Some outstanding times were clocked for several of the events. Menchofer sprinted the 100 yard dash in ten seconds flat when running against the wind. Double-win-ner Smith turned in a very fast time of 51.1 seconds for the quarter
mile.
Summary of the events is as fol-
lows:
Half Mile Relay—First, Ward 9; second, Cary Hall 8. Time: 1:36.9 minutes. 220 yard dash—First, Menchofer, Ward 10; second, Peterson, Ward 2; third, North, Wai’d 5; fourth, Polk, Ward 10. Time: ;23.1 sec. Shot Put—First, Reed, Ward 10; second, Hartup, Ward 8; third, Calhoun, Ward 1; fourth, Grimm, Ward 1. Distance: 35 ft., 4 in. Broad Jump—First, Dodge, Ward 13; second, McEachern, Ward 8; third, Wadleigh, Cary Hall 2; fourth, Hartup, Ward 8. Distance: 21 ft., 1% in. High jump—First, McEachern, Ward 8; second, Shepard, Cary Hall 14; third, Grant, Ward 4. Height: 5 ft. 8 in. Pole Vault—^First, Britt. Ward 4; second, Grimm, Ward 1; third, Stanton, Cary Hall 7; fourth, Polk, Ward 10, Height: 11 ft, 2 in. Half mile run—First, Jeutsch, Ward 3; second, Lambert, Ward 9; third, Appleton, Cary Hall 3; fourth, Ross, Ward 2. Time: 2:04.7 220 yard low hurdles—First, Smith, Ward 9; second, Bailey, Ward 5; third, Arnold, Cary Hall 4; fourth, Gaiser, Ward 5. Time: :28.9
sec.
120 yard high hurdles—First, Bailey, Ward 5; second, Conant, Ward 5; third. Smith, Ward 9; fourth, Gaiser, Ward 5. Time: :17.8
sec.
Mile Run—First, Longest, Ward 12; second, Appleton, Cary Hall 3; third, Kinder, Ward 10; fourth, Vaughn, Ward 10. Time: 4:40 minutes. 100 yard dash—First, Menchofer, Ward 10; second, McIntyre, Cary Hall 6; third. Banker, Cary Hall 8; fourth, Toomey, Ward 8. Time; :10
sec.
440 yard dash—First, Smith, Ward 9; second, Ross, Ward 2; third, Hansen, Ward 2; fourth, Jackson, Cary Hall 13. Time: :51.1 sec.
H E
Hearne, ss 5 1 McFerren, 2b. 6 1 Mackiewicz, 3b 6 2 Waterhouse, If 3 3 Kurtz, cf. 1 1 Vernon, cf-lb 5 2 Mitchell, cf-lf. 1 0 Stamm, rf 4 3 Smithson, lb 3 1 Fisher, c. 3 0 Young, c .f. 2 0 Emmert, p 6 2
Totals 46 16 19 0
WABASH
AB R H E
Wilson, cf 3 0 10 Gray, 3b 4 0 0 0 Seiler, c 8 0 0 0 Hale, ss 4 111 Scheivley, If 4 0 0 0 Rhode, 2b 4 0 10 Sabo, rf 3 0 10 Silverman, lb 3 0 10 Miller, p 3 0 0 0 Totals 31 15 1 Score by innings: Purdue 821 000 113—16 Wabash 010 000 000— 1 Two base hits: Mackiewicz (2), Stamm, Smithson; three base hit: Hearne; stolen bases: Hearne, McFerren, Waterhouse, Smithson (2); struck out: by Emmert, 7; by Miller, 9; bases on balls: off Emmert, 2; off Miller, 9.
A total of 10,678 Harvard College alumni subscribed $107,089 to the Harvard Fund last year.
Florida State College for Women is the -first institution in the southeast to inaugm-ate an interneship in local government.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS Cash for your Used Books and Drawing Instruments University Book Store
M. C. (Red) Sammons ’29 356 State St.
Bob (Doc) Epple Phone 2192i|ff ■"■='■' ■' - 'J/^N \%
mw
^ •, ; V.fi >, r n " i ^ ^ ^ ^
PORDUE EXPONENT
Thursdojr, May 9, 1940
CriHc Reviews FRESH FIELDS
4^1
51
By Chuck Hart
■\Ve \\ent to the premiere showing of “Fresh Fields” prepared for a rathei damp tickling of our laughing palate, simply because the title didn’t excite our imagination. Instead. we had our aforesaid palate soundly thumped to our very ribs by a cast firing one laugh close on the heels of another from curtain to curtain. The cast of “Fresh Fields" turned out a hit last night in Fowler Hall—the scene of Playshop’s finale for this season. Charming, and with a lot of personal oomph, was Vinton Taylor who grew, convincingly enough, from a first-act goon-child into a devastating third-act lady. Miss Taylor, as the ignored Una Pidgeon, displays a great deal of enthusiasm, sometimes not too deftly controlled, but always with an appealing flair for the dramatic. Playshop can make good use of her in the future. Carl Thompson, playing opposite Miss Taylor in the role of Tim Crabbe, is quite capable and most of the time convincing. His handling of the second act curtain speech was one of the highlights of the show.
Sue Enders, as the slinky Lady Lillian Bedworthy, did a smart bit of comic acting. Her handling of the top comedy scenes with Tom Larcombe, bungling, rough colonial Australian played by Don Salmond, was side-splitting. Mr. Salmond kept his audience in every scene and came to the front more than once with extra comedy which he had found somewhere in the lines. Mary Johnston and Bernice Beisel, charged with the job of revealing not-too-much plot, came through in top form and with a great deal of laugh room to spare. While we did get the feeling that Miss Johnston as Lady Mary would have made a better Mrs. Pidgeon, and that Miss Beisel would have made an equally better Lady Mary, we laughed—and laughed—at both of them—and still laughed. The remainder of the cast: Josephine Strong as Miss Swaine; Patricia Frigge, as Lady Strawholme, and Eugene Bacon portraying Ludlow, the butler, well all up to the standards set by the rest of the actors. It can be said that Miss Frigge was the only member of the cast who really displayed the subtleties of a character typical of nobility (as we imagine it). Mr. Bacon was visually perfect as the handed-down butler. Miss Strong, although pretty, gave us the idea of efficiency, in a nice, quiet way. We would quarrel with the author of “Fresh Fields,” Ivor Novello, when he asks us to believe that nobility will rent rooms commercially with as little provocation as was presented in the first act. Also, we think the final curtain was anticlimatic. Otherwise the tale of the Australians who lay seige to the enshrined home of three members of English nobility is well-calculated to bring laughs. The introduction of two romances, one hilarious, the other devilishly amorous, keeps the story moving at a lively pace. And several broken vases, clattering teacups, and flying golf balls in a drawing room and you have “Fresh Fields.”
Debris Interviews Will Start Monday
Sophomore interviews for the Debris Board will start Monday, May 13, in the Debris office. Editorial Staff Sophomores should check up in the Debris workshop, as appointments have been posted there. Business Staff Sophomores will receive instructions in the business office. There are still a few Debris left, and these are now on sale for $5.00.
All'Campus Bridge Tournament Enters Final Round Tonight
The final round of the all-campus bridge tournament will be played in room 363 of the Union at 7 p. m. this evening. The teams qualified for play are: “The Slick Aces,” “Poker Players Local,” Phi Gamma Delta, Alpha Chi Rho. These stai’ted play in the first round of the tournament five weeks ago. Through successive weekly eliminations this field has been reduced to the present four contestants. Each team will play eight matches aghinst each of the other three teams with each team member playing four rounds with every other member of his team as a partner. Gold and Silver trophies are to be awarded the champion and runnerup team respectively.
Mother's Day Luncheon Will Feature Speeches By Pres. Elliott, Stratton
A Mother’s Day luncheon will be served at twelve Saturday noon for all mothers and other members of the family group on the campus in the south Union ballroom. A program following the lunch has been planned which will be highlighted by speeches by President Edward C. Elliott and Dean of Women, Dorothy C. Stratton. However, there will be ample time for those who wish to attend the University Sing preliminaries at 2 p.m. to do so. Reniember, students, this js your mother’s individual day; so in your personally escorted tour, don’t forget to include her luncheon. Admission to the luncheon is seventy-five cents.
The direction, ingeniously done by Mr. Jack W. Miller, director also of last December’s “Winterset,” was calculatingly piofessional—and we are convinced that all of the humor to be found in the play was brought out in plain sight. Mr. William Deam, designer, produced a set which, in our mind, added the necessary Victorian atmosphere without detracting fi om the play. Playshop has scored another hit with its presentation of the surefiie, “Flesh Fields.”
SPORT HEADQUARTERS
Sport- coats styled by "Earl Craig" Hollywood's foremost stylist . . . $12.50 and $15.00 Perfect trouser blends, that go well with any sport or suit coat . .. $4.95 to $7.95 Sport Shirts. . $1.00 up
fhiyqsUidL.
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Modern Dance Club To Present Program
Thaeles
Members of the modern dance club, under the direction of Helen Knight, will present two compositions at the Union reception and tea in both ballrooms Saturday afternoon at 4:30 and again at 5:30. The program includes: “Modex’n Waltz in Romantic Style” to Arensky’s two piano composition and “Syncopep,” a modern fox trot.
. . . social sorority, announces the election of the fdllowing officers: president; Charlotte Braude; vicepresjdent, Maeta Kaplan; recording’ secretary, Jeanne Weil; coifresponding secretary, Jeannette Lipschitz; treasurer, Betty Jean Fisher; pledge captain, Barbara Braud; rush chairman, Emile Goldberg.
The group will also present a lecture demonstration for the Lafayette art club Friday, May 17, at 4 p.m., two compositions for the Lafayette Music Club Friday, May 17, at 7 p.m., and a lecture demonstration and two compositions at Jefferson high school, the following week, to stimulate interest in modern dance in this community. The club includes the following members: Mary Lee Hickman, Thelma Emig, Joan Potter, Mary Belle Halstead, Mary Kay Miller, Dorothy Erickson, Gloria Erickson, Marguerite Harpster, Olive Metsger. Ester Weed, Hilda Storz, Myra Meese, Nelda Wood, Katherine Stogdell, Beth Amoss, Georgia Lou Fleager, Catherine Zechial, Bonnie Swope and Jane Anderson.
Medals Presented To Committee Members At Egg Show Banquet
W. H. Headlee
... of the biology department will speak this evening to members of the Thomas Say Entomology Society on parasites found in Egypt and Peru. The talk will be illustrated with colored moving pictures. NonXnembers are invited to attend.
The annual Purdue Egg and Chick Show banquet was held Tuesday evening in the Home Economics building with nearly fifty persons attending. Following the meal short talks were given by M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men, Professor C. W. Carrick, Head of Poulti'y Department, and E. E. Schuetzler, faculty advisor of the show. The executive committee composed of Clifford Bruden, Glenn Searcy, Norman Horral, Marion Jackson and E. J. Morthland were presented gold medals for their work on the show. The following students were elected to the executive committee of the egg show for next year: Jacob L. Kamp, manager; Paul Wagner, assistant manager; Charles Reed, exhibits manager; Robert Arvidson, publicity manager; and Gerald Cladfelter, awards manager. The Poultry Club also chose the following officers for 1940-41: Glenn Searcy, president; James Marvel, vice-president; and Robert Arvidson, secretary-treasurer.
There are many little extras you get in the “Better Cleaning Service” that add to its value.
WOOL GARMENTS MOTH-PROOFED; No Extra Charge.
Crown Laundry
I ri JL.E £ XI e as s f fine c l o tji e s
WRH Spring Formal Dance Will Feature Jack Davis' Music
Purdue Exponent
R. E. iMler..
W. B. 8init]i.„
.■■<W»-la-Chtor
Ihutnw Haaagar
Tomorrow night will wind up the social calender of the Women’s Residence Halls for the 1940-’41 season, when the girls formally escort their men of the night to the south union ballroom to acclimate their steps to the pleasing rhythms of Jack Davis and his orchestra imported from the University of Illinois.
PubUahed dailr axecpt Monday dnrina; Mm •cndemio year. Bntetod m momM tub* ter at the wiet offiioe In LaCayaM^ Indiana, nnder tite Act of CFongreea of Maaoh S, i87t, and at the apeeltel rate of poataca ptorfdai for in Section 1108, Act of Octabar 8, 1817. anthorlaed Jannarr 80, 1881.
Decorations will be in keeping with the spirit of the theme of the formal—the Isle of May—and are especially adapted to balmy breezes which have invaded the campus. Dinner will also be served before the dance for those intending to attend.
aarnaaBNTaD pon nationai. ADvaariaiNa av National AdwertistngService, Inc. CtUn* PuiUsktrs 420 MADiaoN AVE. New York, N. Y. cmcAao • BotToa • Lo« ARaui* • sab fmrcim# DcMverad by carrier, |8 par aaadamla year; by mail, 88.80. BaalncM offloa located at 811 N. Fifth Street: editorial efllea. Union Bnildinsr; aporta ofS^ Field Hanaa TUa newapaper it wrtttan, edited, and pnbibhed by nndeiamidaato atodanti of Pnrdna UnlTersity. All opinlona in ih nnlaoa otherwiie acoradltod, arc atadent epfiSons, and do not neoeaewrily aolnoido with the oSlolal Unirenity vtewpolafk
Night Fditor Ass’t. Night Editor Day Editor Thursday, May 9, 1948
. Heaton BemlUer ... Baker
LUCIEN LELONG’S FAMOUS EAU DE COLOGNES
stimulating, refresliing . . . utterly delightful!
GO0aNiG;©0ifcOGNE
• Surely there's nothing more exhilarating than a Cologne rub-down after the bath—especially if you use one of Lucien belong's sparkhng Colognes. Fragrant, refreshing, they hnger about you in the nicest way. Start the day with one tomorrow. Come in and select your favorite. Eau de Cologne, $1 00 and more Whisper Perfume Cologne, $1.00 and more Gardenia Cologne, $1 00 and more Eau de Cologne Glace, $1.00 and more
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Suppliot
• Profottioiiol
"DiAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Doiital Clinic on. PAUL A. RMK OR. LUTMIR A RNK DR. IdAROLD ). RMK 4th e Mato Phone fTtl
• Jewolers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette » Phpne 4965 '
e Florists
DR. C, E. SURRATT OPTOMITRIST
Darner's Flower Shop
Quality FIowm*
Main at 7th Phone 6050
522 Main St., Phono 4781 LAFAYETTi, INDIANA
• Dino
• Rest. Supplies
COME OVER!
SPECIAL DECORATED
EAT AT ED & DICK'S
OR CRESX AND
HAMBURGER INN
MONOGRAM CHINA
808 Main St.
GILLESPIE'S
5c PIE SOUP COPPCE 5c
221 Vz Col. St. Phone 6405