^1;n!i>i^;,!: sn'iV "?•>',;*■ -' u'v-/ • J (4 ! ' '; 11 t , 2 f * ^ •" ’ ?r / J
2V A]) irf^, '
J'',
(, /,
f$
. '>>■''' ' J, ‘i ‘n' >'V> ' ' + 4^ w ^ ) 1 r ^
Is I ^ , I Jil
CThe Puffluc TSxiJantnt
.^4'
Published iDaily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVlli
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, SEPtEMBER 17, 1936
llUMBEft4
Upperclassmeii Elect 22 To Student Senate
1,260 Voters Cast Ballots At Registration; Constitution Amendment Proposal Passed Approximately 1,260 ballots were cast at the Student Senate polls during the three days of registration at which 22 students from the sophomore, junior and senior classes were elected to represent their respective schools in the Senate. The i^dor attached to election ballots proposing that proce-
dure for amending the const!
All Freshmen Meet Tonight
Skull And Crescent To Supervise Snal^ Dance Plans
Freshmen will meet in the Union ballroom tonight at 7 to make plans for the annual Green Potters snake dance, which will take place at the frosh-varsity game Saturday. This snake dance is ah annual traditional affair. The frosh will meet in the village and march en masse to the stadium, where they will have their own rooting section. Between halves they will form a snake dance and march between the goal-posts, throwing their pots over the cross-bar. All freshmen must wear green pots. Organize Tonight The meeting tonight will be held for the purpose of organizing the Green Potters and making plans for the snake dance. Skull and Crescent representatives will take charge of the meetipg until temporary officers can be elected. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, asks every freshman to be in the snake dance with a green pot. In past years very high per cen^ges of the entire class have phrtlbftisifli^d .''^Wi^''«re'lass^«l^ >abon^ 1,700, at least 1,600 are expected to attend.
Move Convo To Armory
6^000 Expected; AiU' pie Seating Capacity; Townspeople Invited
Announcement was made yesterday by University officials that the opening convocation scheduled for Monday night at 7:30 in the Memorial Gsrmnasium has been moved to the Armory. This decision was prompted by the large increase in enrollment and the desire of many townspeople who wish to attend. Approximately 6,000 persons are expected for the program. Students will be admitted upon presentation of their convocation tickets. Faculty members will receive special tickets apd will be admitted to a bloc reserved for them. Townspeople and Visitors will be admitted after the students. Ample seating capacity is assured. Speakers Among the noted speakers who will appear at^this meeting will be Amelia Earhfi^ noted aviatrix; George Ade, we^^known writer and University trustee; David Ross, Noble Kizer, and othei^ wetii-known University figures. President E. C. Elliott will preside.
Foiur Days Remain For SAA Book Gass Rights
Only four more days remain in which students may purchase S. A. A. coupon hooks and still retain class preference rights in seating. The deadline for seating rights at footbpll games is set for next Monday evening. All coupon book orders for reserved seats in the student section at football games are filled according to class® on the first draw, with the senior orders l?e|ng filled first, nearest the 60 yard line, with the juniors, sophomores, and freshmen fallowing in order. The first drawing will be made Tuesday morning. The siaJe of S, A, A. coupon books will continue after Monday, but any orders placed after Monday will be filled below the first freshman draw, without regard tp class pyefe?^ensc.
Letters^ Post Cords Used In Political Move To Promote Senators
Dear Mr.
College Cnmp, Wisconsin July 14,1936
tution of the Student Federation be facilitated by transfering the authority for making changes from the students directly to the Senate received affirm ative votes from more than twothitds of the voters. The victors include: Agriculture Senior: W. H. Eephart; junior: T. K. Parkison; sophomore: C. G. Elliott. Chemical Engineering Senior: G. Perkins; junior; J. D. Bowman; sophomore: J. H. Jacobi. Civil Engineering Senior: G. P. Ewoldt; junior: S< D. Miles; sophomore: F. C. Ahrens Electrical Engineering Senior: R. W. Loehr; junior: A. E. Minnick; sophomore: J. T. Gamp-| bell. Home Economics Senior: June Lippert; junior: Betty Ann Stewart; sophomore: Betty Elstun. Mechanical Engineering Senior: D. N. Wait; junior: R. J. Craig; sophomore: S. H. Gutting. Pharmacy Freshman: R. Heine. Science Senior: J. C. Ohaver; junior: D. J. Rohyans; sophomore: Martha Wood. These students will take their pomeeting of that organMationfor the^ current semester. This meeting will be held next week on a date to be announced later. Junior representatives will serve for two years, while sophomores and seniors will hold office for one year.
The nominees for the Student Senate of 1936-37 were chosen last May as you probably rehiember. In the assemblage of Junior Chemicals, PI A men were in the majority and demonstrated the stren^h of their political machine by having four PIA men nominated. Three of these men were admittedly included merely to fill the vacancies, thus automatically eliminating any fraternity men from consideration in the voting during registration in September, 1936. In effect what PIA was able to do was this: they decided whom they wanted for Student Senator to represent the Chemical Engineering class of 1937 and nominated him along with three weak candidates. The voters thus will have no opportunity to pick from four strong candidates but must of necessity take the one which PIA h£^ already chosen. In view of these facts we are asking all fraternity men to write in the name of Clark Holloway, a mdmber of Alpha Kappa Lambda, on the ballot they will receive at registration in September. Although fraternity men are in the minority, by united action and the probabUity of some split in the PIA ranks, we may have some hope of success. ' Under the leadership of Hersh, PIA will be a powerful organization next year and each and every fraternity will be affected. This was recognized last May by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. We must oppose PIA at every opportunity and our first chance will come during registration. Very truly yours, F. W. Robinson.
McGannon Receives Second Transfusion
Condition Somewhat improeed. Though StM Critical; Decker Better In Last 24 Hours
Tom McGannon suffered no adverse reactions from a second blood transfusion given at 8:30 o’clock last night. His condition last night was reported as ^’somewhat im« proved over his condition 24 hours l^fore the time the second transfusion was given.”
Debris Calls Sophomores
Sophomores interested in Debris work will meet in the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock today. Students desiring to work on either the editorial or business staff should be present. Temporary assignments of duties and special jobs will be decided on at this meeting. Sophomore workers on the business staff will begin selling books immediately. Editorial workers will have the opportunity of selling books for the first few weeks.
Send Tributes To Dahlbeck Here
Purdue’s greatest football tragedy in a number of years, the death of Carl Dahlbeck, has brought telegrams and floral wreaths from all over the country expressing the sympathies of students and coaches. The wreaths are being sent to Carl’s home in Lyndonville, Vt,,Representatives of most of the Big Ten schools will be at the memorial services held in Lafayette today.
WAA To Entertain Frosh Women At Tea In Gym
In order to introduce all freshman and transfer women to its varied program of sports, W, A. A. will entertain at a tea Wednesday, September 23, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium.
EXPONENT BOARDS
The Exponent electoral board will meet Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Experiment Station, The general board will meet in the same place at 4:20 p. m. Both meetings are important. —HUNT.
Dick Coffee, another Phi Kappa fraternity brother of McGannon donated the blood. Coffee is a junior in the school of civil engineering, whose home is in Ft. Wayne, Ind. The first transfusion was given at about 10 o’clock Tuesday night. The first beneficial effects were noticed at 1 o’clock yesterday morning when bleeding from his wounds stopped. The bleeding did not begin again until shortly before noon yesterday
Dahlbeck Rites To^y
At top, above, is a copy of the letter which Robinson sent to organized senior chemicals in the scheme recently uncovered. Below is an engraving of one of the postal cards believed sent out by the same group.
Uncover Plot To SpUt PIA In Senate Election
Fraternity Men Use Underhanded Methods In Effort To Keep Independent From Getting Post
A plot to split up P. I. A. in the Student Senate election has been uncovered by the Exponent and frustrated by the Senate The purpose of the scheme was the election of Clark A. Holloway, senior chemical engineer, to the Senate, even though he was not nominated last spring. To this end, fraternity men were asked by letter to write
Frosh Parties Open Church Social ActivitiesTomorrow
, Churches of Lafayette and West Lafayette open their social programs for the year with a variety of banquets, dinners, and parties for freshmen tomorrow evening. Members of the Presbyterian church plan to entertain all freshmen who desire to come at a banquet to be held at the Central Presbyterian church at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening. A program of entertainment will follow, closing in time to allow freshmejn to attend the mixer. Kenneth Brown'is in charge of arrangements for the banquet for freshmen at the First Christian bhurch at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening. Officers of the various church groups plan to h^e present. The Roger Williams club will supply the program at the West Lafayette Baptist banquet where freshmen will be entertained at a ^nner at 6 o’clock. As in other churches, the banquet is free to airfreshmenu Upperclassmen find faculty members of the Protestant Episcopal church are tendering a dinner to freshmen at the St. ijohn’s parish house at 6 o’clock, to he followed by a social hour. A ndminial charge will be made for upperclaei^men and faculty. r' Members of the l^esley Foundation aleo plan a reception for underclassmen at the Fhst Methodist church at 8 p. m. tomorrow evening. A special program inclu^:^g a jpuppet ahow has been arraaga^
in his name on the ballots. At the same time, parties un known sent out cards to unorganized senior chemicals in ah attempt to draw votes for J. M. Heinen, a nominee, and thus away from George Perkins, considered the strongest candidate of the four selected. ' , tBallots Thrown Out All ballots with Holloway’s name written in were thrown out, Glen Martin, Senate president, said. In this manner all hopes of success for the conspirators were eliminated. Heinen denied sending out the cards, saying in a signed statement: “In regarcl to any literature that, so I have been told,/h^s been mailed out in support of my'hajididacy for the Student Senate, I wish to state that I know nothing whatsoever about it; and any electioneering of this kind that may have been done was absolutely without my consent or knowledge.” Letter Sent Out The scheme apparently got under way with the letter sent out last summer by F. W- Robinson, former (Continued on page 4)
WBAA auditions
Auditions for new WBAA staff members will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m,, in the WBAA studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. All studentn interested in annuonclng, technical, or program tvork are urged to be present at that time.
BULLETIN
Tom McGannon’s condition remained unchanged after the transfusion which was administered at 8:30 o’clock last night according to the last report from St. Elizabeth hospital. This report came at 2:30 o’clock tins monung.
and the flow of blood was not nearly so great as it had been before the first transfusion. His condition is still considered critical. Jack Kent, River Port, 111., Phi Kappa, gave the blood for the first transfusion. Other Donors Ready McGannon’s blood is type II and several persons whose blood is of the same type, including Red Mack ey, have been tested at the hospital and are ready to donate blood if f urLowell Decker, whose bums are considered next in seriousness to McGannon’s, was visibly improved last night. Contrary to rumors that have been flying about the campus no complications have developed in his case. Malaska Also Improved Pat Malaska was also visibly improved last night and has developed no complications. Jim Maloney, the other player burned who is still confined to the hospital is very much improved. He is no longer confined to bed. He is allowed to walk about his room. He probably will be released from the hospital soon.
Students Attending Funeral Excused From Gasses
Professor G.M. Bartlett Dies
Prof. Georgd M. Bartlett, professor of machine design, died at the Methodist hdSfiital in Indianapolrs on Wedn^sdky morning. The news of the death of Prof. Bartlett, who was 63 years of age, came as a distinct shock to University officials. Professor Bartlett graduated from Amhurst College in 1901 and received his master’s degree from the same college in 1905. He came to the University as associate professor of machine design in 1927 and became a full professor in 1931. Professor Bartlett was the author of several technical publications and also was the inventor of a number of improvements in the field of mechanical power transmission. Funeral arrangements have not yet been made.
Former WRH Members Hold Reunion Tonight
^ Former residents of tlfe Women’s Residence Hall, both sophomore and junior, are invited to an outdoor picnic on the Hall terrace today at 5 o’clock. The guests will return to their old rooms and will be escorted to supper by the present occupants. Entertainment will be furnished by a freshman committee, consisting ^ Janice Burtop ^tAnpsx), Mary Louise Hickmam Betty Masters, Margery Meredith, Gaby Roa puff Ruth Randall. \ In case rain, the picnic wfil he held in the recreation room of the Hall. N
Tomorrow
Schedule Cards Tn Be
Used For Admittance
/
Freshman schedule cards will be the means of admission to a spedal freshman mixer in the Union ballroom tomorrow night from 9 to 12. Bud Bryant’s 12 piece orchestra will furnish the music for this danc^ which will be a cut-in affair. No dates are needed. Both Lreshman men and women will be admitted free on presentation of their schedule cards. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, which is sponsoring the dance, urges all freshmen to attend, since it gives them an opportunity to become acqpainted other members of fheir
Russel Will Play Saturday’s Mixer
Jack Russel and his eleven piece orchestra, an up-and-emning organization from St. Louis, not ChieagcH is scheduled to play for the miser Saturday night. Mr. Russel is on a northern tour and expects to fill engagements through Michigan after leaving Lafayette. The dance will he held as usual in the Union bdllroom fcom 9 till 12 o’clock, with the regular enfranco tee of one dollar per couple.
Gold Peppers To Plan For First FootbaU Game
The Gold Peppers will hoM m meeting today in the reception romn of the Union to make plans for the first Iootlmll game. They will also discuss insignia and % htan fund for graduate study.
' ' } ^
Taps will be sounded on the oval at 1 o’clock today as the entire University pays final tribute to memory of Carl Dahlbeck, Purdue football star who died Sunday ol bums contracted in the mcplosion at Ross camp. Special memorial services will be held at St. John’s Episcopal church. Sixth and Ferry Streets, at the same time. Rev. Reese F. Thornton wiR be in charge of fihe services wliidi were arranged so as to coindde withf the actual funeral in Lsmdonville, Vermont. Open To PaUic The services will be open to the public. Students who wish to attend will be excused from 1 o’clodk classes without penally. Prof. L. W. LaBree, of the athletic department and baritone of the St. John’s choir, as well as H. Irwin Metzger, University and St. John’s church organist, wiU^ provide several musical selections. No service^, will be held in Fowler Hall as previously announced.
J.
'i
EX^NENT STAFF
The oatite Ih^poueiit^taff will
meet Sundsyv September Mt at
2 p. m. in the faculty lounge of
i C J- %
the Mem<«ial Unioii BaRdtot, >
V
All sophomores who to
work thb pmx must he preseat.
Freshnmn candidates are ahm
te ha la attaaduma.
,' ^ ,r
^ - T'
« rJ’ i
rii%
I * ' <' ’
I 7^ J
§',^V
4fj, i^'; ft Sj’^
fe
iJ't l‘»
I
lii y
4^i
S m
:> r . ‘>ii^ 0
M** I If.
;/•
if dll'’ t’ ‘ ' V ^ i ,
•Two
THE PHRDUH EXPOl^ENT
Campus Politics Hits New Low Tlie expostire of a choice bit of political maneuvering on thn ftont page of this morning’s Exponent is an example of how low some persons may go in their p^itiecil aivennsRtegs. There is no excuse for the underhanded trickery such as is now disclosed. To me, the whole thing seems simple.* A small fraternity, with no activity men to speak of, decides to go into campus politics, and wants to start out by securing a Student Senator. So far, that is all right. But when, through negligence or apathy, they do not nominate a man at the spring nominations, to go about the problem in such an improper manner indicates a lack of consideration of the ethics of the matter. Whether this fraternity had others working with it is of small import. Possibly it did. Things of this sort are not to be countenanced, for they go beyond the bounds of ordinary political intrigue.
Current Comment
Personality Counts
Secretary Ickes says that people either hate or unreservedly admire a Roosevelt, be he Teddy or F. D. This seems to correspond with actuality, at least in this section of the country. Very few people are on the borderline regarding the coming election. Most people are outspokenly for or against Roosevelt, not hesitating to broadcast their opinions. The most bitterly fought campaign m years is being conducted at present. With the nation seemingly closely divided, the matter of the personalities of the candidates may be the telling feature. Landon has been exploited as one of the “common” people. Roosevelt is the man with charm and brilliant wit. But the facts show that the two are much alike. Both can talk on common ground with the intellectual and the man in the street. So it may devolve into a situation in which the man who kisses the most babies with the most enthusiasm wins. That, of course, is an exaggeration, but it is a certainty that personality will count heavily in the campaign.
Hitler Wants To Fight
Hitler, the saviour of Germany. Hitler, the man who wants peace in Europe. That is Hitler to the Germans. Hitler, the oppressor. Hitler, the man who wants to fight. That is Hitler as we in America view him. Noted for following the old German “scrap of paper” tradition. Hitler has many times shown his utter disregard for pacts and peace. Versailles, Locarno, all are less than nothing to hini. And now comes another broken promise. Not very long ago he promised that the Reich would not intervene in Spain. Now it is an open secret that Nazi planes are bombing Madrid daily. Lured on by the possibility of having another Fascist link in the chain tightening around France, both Mussolini and Der Fuehrer have been anxious to help Gen. Francisco Franco in his attempt to make Spain a totalitarian state. Mussolini met a I’ebuff when several of the planes he sent to Franco were forced to land on French soil. It was, of course, denied that these planes were officially representing the Duce. Hitler acted more openly, but also more boldly. He said that •his planes were in Spain, but only to aid in training rebel fliers. But now late dispatches prove conclusively that it has been these German ships, piloted by German men, that have been doing most of the bomb dropping on Madrid. Rebel troops in Spain had been meeting with but indifferent success, capturing only a few key points, and being harassed on all sides by leftist farmers and guerilla troops. But then the German planes came along and are how helping to lead the rebels toward Madrid. The entire Spanish situation is one loaded with dynamite for nearly all nations. There are around five hundred Americans in Spain who have refused to leave, for instance. It is unthinkable that this country should go to war merely to save a few stubborn men and women who place money al;>ove life. Similar* ly other nations are faced with much the same problem. And now Hitler comes along and further complicates the thing, at least as far as the rest of Europe is concerned. For several years the nations on the European continent have been lining up as either fascist or leftist.'
$urliae exponent Founded in 1883 1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST Member of Notionnl CMlesre Press Association, Biff Ten Editorial Association Exclnsirdy Bepresented by National Adrertisins: Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenpe, New York City Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, ¥8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business phone 5088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief..., W. T. Hunt Managing Editor K H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A, H. Forster, B. P. Manion, G. L. Sadler ■ SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor... L, D, Wood Associate Sports Editors W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager...... R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager ....L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. 0. Miller CircdlaUon Manager. J. P, Girard V WOMEN’S STAFF Editor.. - - Helen Creech Adve^sing Manager. . , Betty Barnett Asuuiciate Editors Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
It seems almost ineviteble that some duy these ixyo major schools of thought will olfiah. Ahd when they do, we cRR be assured ^hat tbe first wupld war will be as pluy compared with the savage feyooi^ with which the approaching conflict will be. It tebes only the Spanisli example to figure tha,t eut. Everyone reafis daily news stories telling of the terrible atrocities committed regularly. The European outlook is indeed dark today.
With Other Editors
Mr. Browder’s Silence
Political campaigns, civil war, and propaganda have lent their all to making the term communism loom vast and ghoulish. Especially during the past few months has the word risen to its highest of heights. In Atlanta, Georgia’s capital city, Earl Browder who is the Communist party’s candidate for president of the United States in the November elections, was denied the right to speak, and hustled along out of the city. Georgia has been historically an enemy of radicalism, especially in political belief. Stiff punishment awaits the person who dares to utter “communistic” or radical statements where Georgia citizens and children can hear. The Browder incident serves mainly to boost communism higher in the public eye. Chances are the candidate will all but forget the embarrassment and go about his talking in less strict territory. But what of his right to free speech ? Won’t he defend his right ? Will he allow himself to be shunted from the platform before he is even atop the speaker’s stand ? The answer is that Mr. Browder knows his bounds, and knows defense tactics would net practically nothing in Georgia. As a publicity stunt in these days when the word freedom is hashed about by candidates and office-holders with an amazing abandon, aBrowderian fight for his rights might gain him favor and votes. Communism is a touchy subject. It is distorted, twisted to no ends, played with, and utilized for about any sort of off-the-beaten-path movement or feeling that crops out. As a matter of fact, communism can be fairly clearly defined and explained. Anyone who desires to know what it is should best draw his own conclusions from the contributions of the authorities. The United States is a democracy, we say, and communism is not. Therefore Mr. Browder, who has attended the Russian Communist party’s annual conventions, may be a dangerous individual when he begins to talk. That’s the reasoning, and it’s a good thing for an argument. So the Communist candidate is,squelched, and most of us feel none the worse for it. When rights are in confiict, public opinion is the criterion, unless the controversy becomes a matter for a legal court. Don’t wonder about Mr. Browder too much, then. He knows where to go and when it’s best to lay down his arms.—Daily Illini.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
T/te Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Poor Old Arthur
W. R. “Vote American” Hearst has as his No. 1 man a person by the name of Arthur Brisbane. This Brisbane man apparently is an ardent patriot, and one of the chief characteristics of his daily column is the oftrepeated airplane warning. According to him, these United States ought to build the world’s largest air force because the next war will be conducted almost entirely in the air. He also frequently cites the terrible destruction he claims air raids will cause. But, alas, for poor old Arthur. His claims are apparently based on his own imagination. In the current Spanish civil war there occured real test of modern bombing directed on cities. Several direct hits on the modern steel skyscrapers along Madrid’s Wall Street were registered by rebel filers. According to Brisbane, the result should have been scores dead and hundreds wounded. But in reality no one was killed and only seventeen persons were even wounded. I do not want to say that airplanes will not cause billions of dollars of loss in the next international conflict, but I do hold that Arthur has fallen a victim to that old ill of all Hearstian writers—exaggeration.
We ought not to shorten the hours of toil and labor, but we ought to limit the right of wealth to entail itself from one generation to another.—Senator George Norris.
Social organization in quest of truth needs a confidence born of the knowledge that there is a world that responds to maijls efforts and that human nature can be changed.—Dr. Henry M. Busch.
Workmen’s dwellings must not be planned on so generous a scale that it is impossible to get a revenue from them at all commensurate with their cost.—^F. W. Taussig.
Passing marks in school ^pend upon pleasing a teacher.—William L. Connor.
The American system is education by the adding machine.—Robert M. Hutchins.
What agriculture needs is not more government help but more self-help.—^L. J. Tabor.
Exponent Platforim
1. 2.
3.
4.
Establish student SELF-government. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Eliminate all campus politics.
CRution is the best known pre.ventive where exposure is concerned ... MARTHA WOOD is trying to evR4« all pin ideas that Ag Campus HARDIN may have—so ’tis rumored by dame fortune . . . HOPE REISNER is more attractive than ever now that pappa DEAC has donated a new sports roadster to her worthy cause—if you think you are man enough to take her away from Halfback Isbell it will be well worth the attempt. . . there are two new diamond bearers on this here campus—MARY BELL carries one that REILEY SHUTTLEWORTH, male lead in last year’s UNION SHOW, gave her and Kappa WILSON is the pround possessor of Phi Delt HERM ADAM’S ring—^this is the real thing not like the puppy love of pin pushing .., JESSIE GRAHAM is going the rounds with four prominent personalities—JOHNNIE VAN NATTA one night, WES DWIGHT the next, JOE RUSH and fl sigh TAYLOR as a standbay at other intervals—^we wonder which ones she might be two-timing ... the Pi Phis are too persistent in their efforts to hush all publicity concerning a certain Kappa Sig’s wedding which is reputed to have taken place during the vacation . . . more later—I hope . what has WRH DOTTY BOENICKE got that seems to intrigue all the sorority rush chairmen—^and others—^maybe it is that Stevens education she is supposed to have obtained ????... Kappa and Alpha Chi theme song of late has been “Please finish our house mister” ... the Sigma Chi’s new pledge BILL BREWER has been voted the most cocky freshman on the campus— this doesn’t count “yellow-shirt-Joe Quinlan who doesn’t know any better—^he has been reputed to have said that no PURDUE activity will be complete without his charming personality—we wonder???? . BARBARA DOBSON is one of the few remaining Thetas who has not dragged down a frat pin—^when she was asked about this, her only reply was that she didn’t know when it would be, but there was a slight
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
= ARC
ISC
Donble Feature
15c
Thursday - Friday - Saturday Gene Autrey in “COMIN’ ROUND / THE MOUNTAIN’ — and — Gene Raymond in “TRANSIENT LADY” also Serial—“CLUTCHING HAND”
FAMILY
Today - Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE | JAMES •'SS"!
CAGNEY
IN
“TAXI”
with LORETTA YOUNG —plus—
G-MI^W OF THE GREAT OUTDOORS!
OP THE ROYA
MOUNTID
Thursday, September 1% 193C
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
FoUow “Grih and Bear It” duily in the Exponent.
1 ^
“You got company in the front seat! Why can’t I have company back here?”
wink connected to the statement.. . and don’t forget to send in your Knock Knocks.
Co-ed Freshmen To Meet Mentors, Activity Heads
To acquaint freshman women with various activities a meeting of new girls, mentors, and heads of activities will be held Tuesday, September 22, at 4 o’clock. A similar meeting for transfer women will be held soon. The seventy-one freshman mentors, under the leadership of Jeannette Scudder, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, have planned various meetings and
WE MAKE KEYS 25c
Edgerton Hardware, Inc.
221 State, West Lafayette Phone 4354
have dined with their lUentees at the president’s dinner. The twelve transfer mentors have tried to introduce the new campus to the transfer women. Several of the mentors have taken the new students on jtours of the campus and have helped them become oriented to campus life.
Lillian P. Peterson, who graduated in home economics last June, is now teaching in Monon, Ind.
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES OPEN
Beginner’s Wed., Sept. 23, 7:30 p. m.
Advanced Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m.
Finest Ballroom in Indiana, remodeled and newly decorateA
ALLEH'S
Phbne 2150 6th & Ferry
LUNA
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
HE HAD A SWEETHEART IN EVERY PORT...BUT HE NEVER LANDED ANYWHERE!
wini LEW AYRES MARY CARLISLE RRY CRABBE
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
Vaudewille Reel
MARS
UihiUiii.I'HK PURDUE EXPONENT
I- >(- i
y
\
Burnham Grooms Frosh For Varsity Battle
AnnwA Yearling-Regular TUt Saturday To Provide Preview Of 1936 Roilermaker Squad A husky group of yearling gridders are rapidly being rounded into shape by Coach Elmer Burnham and his assistants for the annual Freshman-Varsity football game in the Ross-Ade stadium Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock, that will provide a preview of the Boilermaker^s 1930 squad, as well as giving a glimpse of the style of play
that Purdue w^l contend with in its opening game with Ohio University a week from Saturday. Coach Bumham disdosed last night that he is building hi^^attack atound the same style of pli^y that will be used by Don peden's Bobcats, undefeated last year and defending champions in the Buckeye Conference, in the varsity oponer. Sponsored By Gimlet Saturday’s game will be sponsored by the Gimlet dub, student athletic booster organization. Tickets for the game are already on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, SOuthworth’s, and the Union desk, or may be obtained from Gimlet club members. Preliminary preparation for the tilt with the varsity has already revealed than an unusual amount of classy backfield material is available and although the forwards have not had as much opportunity to display their worth, thfey are believed capable of giving the varsity a ryn for its money. No Starting Lineup Coach Burnham declared last night that the starting lineup for the yearlings would not be named until just before game time, but\list'•ed among the starting possibilities the following freshmen, by positions : Centers—Mormngstar and Verplank. Guards—Brehmer, Martin, Heckman, and Schreiber. Tackles—^Pranks, Myers, Carr, and Johnson. Ends—Krause, Britt, Thursby, and Mackiewiscz. Quarterbacks—Hennis, Foster, Raebel. Pullbacks—DeWitt, Nesbitt, and Bachman. Left halfbacks—Brock, Yeager, and Calangelo. Right halfbacks—Brown, Wingierski, Vyverberg.
Open FootbaU Concession JBids
Bids for the concession privilege dt thb Ross-Ade stadium on the days of home football games, both varr sity and “B” team, will be received in the office of Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer up until nOon on Monday, Sept. 21, it was announced last night. All bids for the conces sion privilege must be sealed.
Tennis Entries Opens Today
Singles, Class Tourna ments Start Soon; Medals To Winners
All tennis players and would-be tennis players of Purdue Should be sure that their racquets are in good shape before the All-Campus singles tennis tourney and class tourneys, which will start within the next two weeks. Men desiring to enter the tourna ments may hand their names and entry fee of 10 cents in at the intramural office at any time. If the office is closed, students wishing to enter the tourney may put their name and entry fee in envelopes which will be outside the door. The envelopes may then be dropped in a slot in the door. Four Tournaments There will be four tournaments: the all campus tournament which everyone can enter, and then the freshman, sophomore and junior' senior tournaments. The entry fee will cover both the all campus tournament and the class tourneys. Gold medals will be given to the winner of each tournament while silver medals will be given to the runner-ups of each tournament.
Co-edf Discovers That Campus Cops’^ Enforce Regulations
■ielder's.... ....choice p.By BoAit Walpole <
66
“Sorry, student cars are not allowed here,” said a husky blonde man to the girl driving the car he had flagged down. The co-ed, instead of beipg awed by authority, replied, “Why not?” and “What’s your position?” The young man, courteous though it galled him, answered that he was a deputy doing police duty, and that he was educating freshmen. It was decided by University officials this year that men should be stationed, during the days of registration, at the entrances to stop student cars. This year traffic regulations are to be enforced stringently, and officials felt that students would have an easier time avoiding a five dollar fine, given for infringement of regulations, if they were actively
instructed^ijvd:he time before school
started.
None but staff members and visitors will be permitted to drive across the campus, because of the heavily trafficed walk of student pedestrians. Students will be permitted to enter
Scobee's REMRRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies
105 Vine St., W.
at Northwestern and drive past the Pharmacy Building, said the informative deputy, but none, he re-em-phasized with a meaningful glance at thfe co-ed driver, will be permitted to use the main entrance. And the girl, seeing a man with a large star gleaming on his coat coming down the walk, smilingly thanked the oratorical deputy and backed her car, ready to drive on down State Street.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optician 604 Main Street
ABE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT? IT’S YOURS FOR ONLY $2.50
FOR THOSE WHO LIKE TASTY FOOD
QUICK SERVICE
REASONABLE PRICES
WHEELER’S LUNCH
Lafayette
420 Main St.
News that Jim Maloney was sitting up for the first time greeted us last night when we visited the hospital where the injured boys are ... keep plugging Jim, and that goes for the rest of you boys. ——fc—• We have heard some criticism from a few of the more narrow minded as to the source of last Saturday’s tragedy. Before this accident, niiiety.-liine out of one-hundred colleges Und diiiversities'used gasoline for the same purpose. It might have happened anywhere ... it was fate that laid her hand on this campus ... —^fc— If other schools take our accident as a practical example, perhaps other accidents of the same type will be eliminated. —fo— John Drake didn’t look as though his burns were hindering him yesterday afternoon in scrimmage . . . time and again he cut through the second string line for considerable gains . . . —^fc— Lon Mann, the varsity trainer, told us that the University is experimenting with various non-inflam-mable liquids to take the place of gasoline ... a definite solution has as yet not been found. In its place, carbon tetrachloride is being used, but there is the disadvantage in that it affects the skin. —^fc— Keep that Varsity-Freshman battle in mind on Saturday and make it a point to see what our 1936 Boilermakers have out there. They look mighty tough, and while you are there take a look at this Vergane boy at one of the end positions . . . 241 pounds of speed that should be seen frequently on the wing position.
CallingAH Students
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York.
86
57
.601
St. Lodis
82
62
.569
Chicago
„ 82
63
.565
Pittsburgh
78
67
.538
Cincinnati
71
73
.493
Boston _ „
- 64
78
.451
Brooklyn.
„ 62
81
.434
Philadelphia
„ 50
.347
AMERICAN LEAGUE .
W.
u
Pet
New York..
96
48
.671
Chicago.
77
65
.542
Washington. „
_ 77
07
.536
Creveland
78
68
.634
Detroit.
77
68
.631
Boston
- 72
74
.498
St. Lonis
51
92
.367
Philadelphia.
49
97
.336
Calling all students! Galling all students! Calling all students! Stand by for special announcement: First classes for the current academic semester start officially at $ o’clock this morning! Here are the University rulings on class attendance: Freshmen and sophomores are expected to be present at every meeting of the classes in which they are
enrolled.
Explain Absence If a freshman or a sophomore is absent from class he is expected to explain his absence to the instructor at the first meeting of the class which he attends subsequent to the
absence.
A freshman or sophomore who absents himself from a course to such an extent that he becomes delinquent in the work may, upon the recommendation of the instructor, be dropped from the CQurse by the Dean of Men or the Dean of Women. A student so dropped shall be given a grade of P in the course from which he is dropped. ^Holiday Penalty Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall be required to pay an extra fee of $5.00 for each twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof thus missed. Any student who fails to attend the first session of the semester in any course shall not be permitted to continue in the course unless provided with proper authorization or excuse from the Dean of Men or Dean of Women. Juniors, Seniors Juniors, seniors, and all distinquished students shall be placed upon their own responsibility in the matter of class attendance; provided, that whenever any such junior, senior, or distinguished student shall have become seriously delinquent in any course, the instructer in charge of the course may withdraw the privilege of voluntary attendance for the remainder of the current^ semester. Notice of such action shall be sent to the head of the department, who shall inform
YESTERDAY'S RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE Pittsbartrli, 1-4; New York, 2-3. St. Louis, 3-5; Philadelphia, 7-2. Cincinnati, 4-2; Brooklyn, 7-10. Chicago, 3-4; Boston, 2-2. AMERICAN LEAGUE Philadelphia, 2; Detroit, 6. Boston, 3; Cleveland, 13.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
We carry a complete line of Porker Pens and Pencils
H. B. Lodde 419 Main
This 4 Drawer Steel Letter
FILIHa CABINET Olive Green ... Extra Quality
Price This Week Only Delivered to Your Room
$«iE50
15
250 FLEXIBLE
DESK LAMPS
80c
BROWN OR GREEN WHILE THEY LAST
HAYWOOD'S
5th & Ferry
Ufiiyette
the Dean of the School and the D^n of Men (or Dean of Women in the case of women students). Any junior, senior, or distingnished student reported in this manner from two courses in any semester shall not be entitled to the voluntary attendance privilege during the succeeding semester. W)wn classes are dismissed on occasio^ other than holidays authorized in the catalogue, students are held for work missed.
Beadline Every newspaper man has heard of “deadlines”. Now we’ll give you a chance to hear of them. “Knock, Knock.” “Who’s there ?” “Deadline.” “Deadline, who ?” “Deadline up for miles around the
ExpoMMt alike if tim knew die vafoe of gettingr ftetli fresh.” That goes for the wif&idmmmif too. The ExfMnent is invafualiie In its service of fnringmg fll of campus news to yon wlffie ft's sdlf fresh. Get your suhscfipHon now, before you miss out on any more of the Mg happenings on the campus. Subscription blanks are awdiklde at Deac’s, Soitthwortli’'s and the Union desk for $2.50 by carrier ant $3.00 by mail. Send one borne to the parents.
Parker Pena and Pene0a
at
H. B. Loddtfs Jeweiiy Stove ' 419 Main SL
JhJu. iJkt Grip Of A Friendly Hand ifetAspotj
# Put your hand firmly uti>
der the arch of your foot.
The firm support you fed
is just the effect this Jarman Ffieiid-
ly dioe will give
NoMdw9«d«li ' \ udi nppon boot “ fiy ewp*
This "Rdendly Grip” Supports dm arch and m your assurwee of foot comfort. It ia buih in die Shoe with die same snunrt style that is found in dl onr Jmasm Friendly dioes.
Jarmu “Frieillg 6rip* S|Iu *8
B & W SHOE CO. 121 !n. Fourth Street
You’re Always Tricorne at the Purdue University Airport
O
You’ll probuldy never get another ehanoe to learn to fly at such low rates, so why not come out today? .
REDUCSEH RATES $6.00 au Hour Flying Instruetton $6.00 an Hour Solo Flying GAmm imm Purdue University Airport
4-ft ? 17>y
Hi\0''A
A\ i'
■i.CM>^ ^ i < (
W';-
^ 'i i
f*
1 < *
L.4 > rt ^ ) 1 .W ^ J . V ., J > U...V-
J9/
\V
,K
V i
! xi'
H ?■ '’S ^
-X ^ M. X
L# fl
W\ flW
!V4
iw'H ;
**4
?--|<7 '
W Ah^
#
yow
the PUREUE EXFONElsrt
YWCA Frosh
Tea Today Miss Qare CooUdge To Be Principal Speaker
Uncover Plot To Split PIA In Senate Elections (Continued from page 1)
■iriiiiiMiiii
Classified Ads.
Freslunan co-eds will be guests of the members and officers of the Y. W. C. A. at an autumn tea this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The purpose of this meeting will be to give new women students an opportunity to become acquainted with ttie Y. W. C. A. activities. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women and Y. W. C. A. advisor, will tell the aims and purposes of the organization. Following Jayne Bennewitz’s explanation of the membership drive, new girls may take out their memberships. New Heads Will Speak The new heads of the various interest gi oups will be introduced and a short talk made by each. The co-eds in charge of the interest groups are Betty Klein, literature; Mary Wien, music; Mary Bell and Martha Cassell, outdoor; Mildred Mills, personal relationships; Mary Schafer, philosophy and religion; Helen Conver, social service; Jean Brown, settlement house; Dorothy Bryant, Cary Home. The administrative committees are in charge of Jayne Bennewitz, membership; Peggy Hamilton and Mary Alice Learning, office; Lorene Ristow, personnel; Sara Alice McIntosh, program; Martha Wood, publicity; Dorothy Coan, worship; and Jajme Bennewitz, social.
KEYS Ke^ Cor tranks, door locks, desk locks, nisbt latches and paiUocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN [BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 p. m. INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 0:30 p. m.
Children’s Classes Open Saturday, Sept. 26
ALLEN'S
Phone ttl50 6th & Ferry
REIFERS
Offer These Attractive Prices on Furnishings for Student Roomers.
CHEST OF DRAWERS, a convenient piece for any bedroom at an exceedingly low price, walnut ffO 7CL finish ^.I«l STUDENTS TABLES with drawer, tops unfinished,’ rounded 9 CA edges .Ywsww BOOK CASES for students, a good buy ffO CA at only MIRRORS for students chests. 12x20 inch
STUDENTS DESKS, walnut finished, one drawer, three shelves $10.00
STUDENTS CHAIRS, unfin-
ished, well priced low
ished, well made, $1.00
METAL SMOKING STANDS
—Boys appreciate them
-Boys appreciate $4.50
METAL BEDS for students, strong a sturdy...
and
BUGS for students, made of
urooLaud fi' 9x12 size.-,..
urooLaud fibre, $13.95
m7Ti?i?nc
MAUI ST. at NINTH
mx'ii
president of Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity, of which Holloway is a member. In this letter, Robinson mentioned the “probability” of a split in P. I. A., which seemb to infer that he was connected with the issuance of the posta(^rds. Also the Fraternity President’s Council was mentioned, and it was hinted that the whole scheme was conducted with the knowledge or sanction of the council. But President James W. Kettle denied this with the statement: “At no time has the present Fraternity President’s Council discussed at meeting the question of attempting to put any particular group in the Senate or of attempting to keep any particular group out of the Senate.” Robinson and Holloway admitted sending the letters when questioned last night, but denied any knowledge of the postal cards. In And Out Results of the election showed that Perkins won with 27 vptes, more than three times the number of his nearest competitor. Eight men wrote Holloway’s name in on the ballot, all being thrown out.
Publications, Coupon Book Sales Increase
Publication sales and S. A. A. ticket book sales continued heavy with slight gams over yesterday’s figures reported by S. A. A. and Debris representatives. Ticket book sales had exceeded last year’s mark by about 500, the present estimate being about 1,800. The sales during registration alone were above the total of a year ago. The Debris also reported a far better showing than during the 1936-36 registration period. Exponent reports showed no appreciable increase over yesterday’s figures. H. F. Wiegandt seemed well pleased with the showing the Engineer is making and is looking forward to a record-breaking year.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines.
Wanted — Girl Musicians — For mixed campus orchestra. Call Schilling, 5057.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms and good board forf girls at 311 Chauncey Avenue. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
Piano Tuning—^26 years experience on good pianos. Call today 6289 for appointment. H. E. Clingenpeel.
Garage—^Two dollars per month, 463 Maple. Phone 46631.
Group Singing Trials Today
Tryouts Start At 8; Close At 5 O’clock
Tryouts for University group singing will be held today from 8 to 12 o’clock and from 1 to 3 'o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building and from 3 to 5 o’clock in room 1 of the Union. No one will receive tryouts to any musical organizations after 5 o’clock today. About 250 students attended the mass meeting held yesterday in Eliza Fowler Hall to explain the musical organizations of the University and the schedule of tryouts by Albert P. Stewart, director. Announcements Members of the Men’s Glee club will be announced tomorrow after the executive committee meets tonight. Other organization members will be announced later.
NOTICES
No nolicM M^apltd after t Pb in.
Fratertiitles—^iibniit pledges lists to Exponetat lot later than Sunday, Sept. 80. Leave in Union box. —IMOBRIS.'
Agricnltnrists—Meeting Sept. 17 at 4 in staff office —PARKISON.
Fraterititf President’s Connell—'Meeting Sept 17 at 7:80 p. m. in the peasant room of the Union. ^TUTTLE.
Independent Staff—Meeting of Purdue Independent Sept 17 at 7 p. no in P. I A. off fee in Union. All students wishing to work on staff report to this meeting. —SENNSTROM.
Freshmen—The Purdue Christian Foundation IS giving a dinner in yourkonor Friday, Sept 18, at 6 o’clock The dinner will be held in the basement of the First Christian church. Sixth and North Streets, in Lafayette. —BREWER.
Gold Peppers—Meeting today at 4 in reception room of Union Bring ticket books and initiation fees —SCUDDBB
Transfer Mentors—Meeting at 4 in W. S. G A, office —DIMMICK.
Debris—Juniors report to Debris o ce September 17 —DWIGHT
Glider Club—Meeting tonight at 7, room 2 of Union. All members are urged to be present —O’NEAL.
Hanover, N. H., the home of Dartmouth College, is the ski capital of tfijfe world. There are 1,700 pairs of skis in the town.
Schedules of rehearsals are as follows- Girl’s Glee club, Monday at 4; University Choir, Tuesday at 4; Men’s Glee club, Wednesday at 4; Concert Choir, Thursday at 7; all rehearsals will be conducted on the fourth floor of the University Hall.
Henry V. Heuser, editor of the Exponent last year, is now working in Louisville, Ky., as an inspector in the plant of the Henry Vogt Machine Co. He received his degree in mechanical engineering last June.
How Does Your Car
Respond?
power Smooth-flowing power —^that’s what your car should have. Your car will take the hills easily—^always have a reserve of power for emergencies.
pieh-up
Gets away quickly without choking or spitting—^leaps ahead with a pick-up you never thought possible!
speed
Your engine should hq,ve plenty of pep to get you places in a hurry.
economy
A car in good condition will give you increased mileage. Your car should have power, pick-up, speed, and be ecenomical.
We are repair specialists!
PETER ANDERSON
24 Hour Service
525 ALABAMA
PHONE 4048
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-924 Main Street
LAfAyETE, INDIANA
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
, Thursday, Sehtdifi^i; 1*?.
PURDUE EXPONENT,
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
Dear Sirs: p Please send me the Purdue Exponent for the school year ,
1986-37.1 am enclosing $2.60 by carrier.
$3.60 by mail.
(Please Print Plainly in Pencil)
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
The thinking feUow tMiIls A Y^JLLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blaek Can for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any port of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
The Only Exclusive Old Book Shop in Lafayette That Book You Want: Probably We Have It;
If SO, it will cost you Much Less than a New Book!
Come in and Look over our Large Stock— More than Five Thousand Volumes —Many as good as New.
Old Books and Magazines Wanted: We buy for Cash, or Trade New Books or Magazines for your old ones.
SPECIAL: Large stock National Geographies in Complete Years or Odd Numbers. Also more than Five Hundred Text and Reference Books.
Open Evenings and Sundays
Ye Olde Book Shoppe
The Pioneer in Books Exclusively
1005 Main Street
Lafayette
Buy where you see this sign
an EXPONENT ADVERTISER
says
and sreetings
The merchant displaying this
sign is known by your daily
University newspaper.
His merchandise or service
has been found reliable.^^