t 4^
i 5
y'f' M
I i
'■J ' ''J--?/ - „■- i’'itsi*4
i
1!
Purdue
Z-185
P ^JL EiXponeni
Volume 5L No. 110
tluiUMicqr, Fehnutrf IS# IS40
k'
Holm Dancers Meet With Approval Of Large Crowd - By Mary Kay Miller Miss Holm and company presented a dance recital to an enthusiastic audience of nearly one thousand people last night in Fowler Hall. The recital proved to be of interest to everyone. Each number portrayed a different phase of modem dance. Some were sad, others gay, and still others combinktions of
both.
■ The lighting effects and costuming seemed to fit each dance com/pletely. The opening number, “Dance of Introduction,” was light and gay and got the audience in the mood for modern dance. “Tragic Exodus” held the audience spellbound. For a few minutes not a sound could be heard except the souhd of distant drums. The title, “Tsyo Primitive Rhythms,” signified the dances completely. “Metropolitan Daily” “Dance of Work and Play” moved from a light and happy mood to Serious and strenuous and back again to the light and gay mood. The last dance “Metropolitan Daily” was best accepted by the audience. It kept the audience in laughter from start to finish. Hats Off To Miss Holm Each dance was unique and anenjoyment in itself, and Miss Holm was accepted as the true artist she is. The program was well received by a very appreciative audience.
Glee Club To Sing At Illinois Game A special musical program by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, wfll be presented between the halves of the Purdue-Illinois basketball game Saturday night, February 17, in the fieldhouse. It was announced that two picked freshmen teams will wage an exhibition contest at the half of the Iowa game Monday, February 26. As a special feature of the last home game, to be played with Indiana, Saturday, March 2, the ever popular Zouave squad will present a series of their colorful drills. Prof. F. Hall Speaks In Panel Discussion Prof. Prank R. Hall, department of history, economics and government, and Lucy Demoret HE ’40 ■vyill take part in panel discussions at the conference of social science sponsored by Indiana State Teachers College at Terre Haute tomorrow. The morning’s program consists of speaking and demonstrations of teaching a controversial subject and is followed by luncheon in the Elks Building. Prof. Hall is on the panel of college teachers, while Miss Demoret is on the panel of college and university students. Bible Study Institute Will Hear Dr. Graves Doctor G. H. Graves will conduct a Bible Study Institute, under the sponsorship of the Wesley Pouncfation, at the Stidham Memorial Church on Saturday afternoon and evening. He will teach three sessions, each one and one-half hours in length, on the “Teachings of Jesus,” the first one starting at approximately 1:30 p. m. At 6:30 p. m. a recess will be taken during the study sessions and a box supper will be held with the maximum bid on box prices set at 25 cents. Each girl attending is to bring a box with food enough for 2 persons. Those attending will assemble at the Wesley Foundation before the time of departure at 1 p. m. and may return at either 7 or 8:30 o’clock. There is no charge and all who wish to go may sign at the Wesley Foundation house, 486 State Street.
Purdue Glove Team Wins Five Contests; Welsch Is Highlight Purdue’s Golden Glove boxing team, under the direction of Joe Benna, emerged from the Lafayette Golden Gloves Semi-finals last night in the Lafayette Armory with five wins against three defeats, sending four men into the finals to be contested next week at the Armory in Lafayette. Welsch Shows ’Em Big Jimmy Welsch, fighting the first ring battle of his athletic career, tore into the favored negro giant, Floyd Starks, of Lafayette, ^weighing ten more pounds than Welsch, and soon had the Lafayette heavyweight fighting the second losing battle of his two year ring career. Welsch not only surprised the fans with his pile-driving offense, but he took the unanimous decision, thus becoming Purdue’s first heav3rweight in the finals since the days of Sock Kurtz five years
ago.
In the 135 pound class, Jim Beers, of Purdue, Outpointed the favored Bob Misner, of Monitor. Also in the 136 pound class division, John Pyle, 135 pounds, of Purdue decisioned Cecil Krick, of Delphi. Wilcox, Purdue, stayed in the 160 pound battle by stopping Bob May, Lafayette. Youkey Wins Again Bob Youkey, Purdue, KOed Elmei Beers, Lafayette, in the first mei Beers, Lafayette, in first round of their 147 pound battle; and then Youkey, fighting his second fight of the" evening, lost a decision to Harold Ford, Lafayette. Prof. Lingo Heads School For Hoosier Policemen Registrations for the Indiana police training school to be held here in the near future have come in from administrators and officers of 30 cities. The school, which is being held in connection witlh the Purdue Public Safety Institute, will last six days. Professor J. L. Lingo, director of the Institute, is in charge. Purpose of the school is to deal primarily with problems of traffic enforcement and accident investigation in smaller towns and cities. The course will include arrest and court procedure, public speaking, traffic organization, hit and run procedures, scientific accident investigation, and accident reporting. Professor Lingo will be assisted by Superintendent of the Indiana State Police, Don F. Stiver, Sergeant Paul Beverforden, of th^ Indiana State Police, Professor W. A. Knapp of the University, and Mr. G. H. Hennegar, Special Agent for the Automobile Protective Association. Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Lester Parrish, Chicago, 111., and Jack Kuch, Niagara Palls, New York. The following men were elected officers: Carl Lohr, president; Kenneth Kimmel, vicepresident; Robert Hogue, rush chairman; Bradley Ballard, recording secretary; Charles Kennedy, corresponding secretary; John Seymour, chaplain; Robert Jolls, ser-geant-at-arms; James Storms, social chairman; Bill Trombley, athletic chairman: Alvin Gr^frath, financial committeeman.
Senate Picks BMOC Committee ToName Junior Prom Queen Following the procedure of last year’s Prom committee, Virginia Royce, chairman of this year’s committee, applied yesterday to the Student Senate for the appointment of a committee to choose this year’s queen of the Junior Prom. At their meeting last night the Student Senate selected the following committee of prominent students: Virginia Royce, Prom chairman; Paul Cooper, Union President; Margaret Saur^r, President of Mortar Board; Bob Insley,“ Editor-in-chief Exponent; Ann Sickman, WS GA President; Herb Fishburn, President of Student Senate; Harry Layson, junior Student Senate representative; and Martin Estey, senior Student Senate representative. The Prom queen to be chosen by this committee must be a member of the present junior class. Wesley Foundation Will Furnish Speakers For "Christian Living Week” A Christian Living Week will be sponsored here by the Wesley Foundation from February 18 to February 26. Hour services will be held each evening with various prominent speakers. The program for the week is as follows: Sunday, February 18, Mr. L. J. Pierce will speak on “Your Life Work.” Monday, February 19, Rev. McFall, student pastor at Indiana University, will speak on, “Our Daily Bread”; Tuesday, February 20, Don West, national peace representative for the Church of the Brethern on, “The Sword or the Cross”; Wednesday, February 21, Mrs. William McFadden on “A Philosophy of Life”; Thursday, February 22, Rev. Stohlforf on, “Him and Her Friendships”; Friday, February 23, Jasper Cox, Monticello Methodist church on, “More Things Are Wrought By Prayer.” Saturday, February 24, Dr. Hadley of the University mathematics department on, “Personal Integrity.” The closing service on Sundayi will be a consecration and communion service. V.C. Meredith Club Will Meet Tonight Featuring a discussion led by Dorothy Arvidson, on the various fields covered by the 4H Club, the Virginia C. Meredith Club'will meet tomorrow at 4 o’clock. Special reports will be presented by the various members, and every effort will be made to acquaint those present with the work of the 4H Club girls. Officers of the Meredith Club have announced that membership cards will be needed to enter the meeting, to be held in the Home Ec auditorium, according to the rule set up in the last meeting of the organization.
Noted Commentator To Speak At Tonight's Convo In Gym
rr
rr
Silver To Address Convo Sunday On Religion In War
Continuing the program of religious convocations next Sunday, at 10:30 a. m., University officials will bring Rabbi A. Hillel Silver to the campus for his fourth visit. Always a popular speaker on many campuses throughout the United States, Rabbi Silver has won the admiration and interest of the student body and faculty on this campus in
his three previous visits.
Widely Educated
Rabbi Silver, who comes from Cleveland, Ohio, has probably the largest congregation of any Jewish temple; numbering about 1,600 families. He holds a bachelor’s degree, a doctor of divinity, and a doctor
of literature degree.
Going back into Rabbi Silver’s personal life, one finds that he has a colorful and interesting background from which he draws his vast knowledge of world affairs'. Born in Lithuania, his parents soon moved to the United States where he has received his entire education. For the past 20 years he has returned to Europe every summer to study conditions in that wartorn continent. In these visits he has had interviews with Mussolini, Benes (former president of Czechoslovakia) and many other impor-
tant political leaders. Religion For War ...
“What Religion Offers The WarTorn Civilization” is the topic <ff Rabbi Silver’s talk Sunday. Because of his knowledge and viewpoint he is, well qualified for this task. Besides Rabbi Silver’s speech, two choirs, one of 180 voices and an “echo” choir of 30 voices, will present two anthems. The first will be “Let All the World In Every Corner Sing” by Chapman, and the second will be “To Thee 0 Lord” by
Kolinmikoff.
Second Talk On Relativity Scheduled For Monday Dr. C. Lanczos of the mathematics department will give the second in his series of lectures on General Relativity next Monday evening, at 7:30 in the Physics building lecture room. He will present his subject in a non-technical man-
ner.
Delta Gamma . . . Colony announces the pledging of Veralynn Ergenbright, of New Albany, Indiana.
Concert Dancer Shows No ''Artistic Temperament" At Review Rehearsal
By Mary Kay Miller
They say, “All artists are temperamental and high strung” so it was with surprise that I was introduced to Miss Hanya Holm who was so sweet and calm. Nothing seemed to get her excited. When the girls made a mistake she didn’t get angry, but asked them to please go
through it again.
The company started practice for this tour early in September. Miss Holm created all of the dances, but she always accepts any suggestions from the girls. She does not make the girls dance in her own style, but lets each girl express her own personality. In planning the wardrobe,, each dance is finished before the costume is made. The dance is studied carefully and costume designed to fit, in color and design.
Versatile Performers
The company includes ten dancers, her pianists, and Costume de-
All Passports Valid For One Evening Program; Lecture Begins At 8 O'clock Tonight convo-goers will have the opportunity of hearing Henry C. Wolfe, noted commentator and accurate forecaster of world events, speak on “What Is Happening in the World Today.” The lecture is scheduled to begin at 8 p. m. in Memorial gym and. is open to all students and season ticket holders. As in the past, passports will serve as admission tickets.
Henry C. Wolfe
signers. Most of her girls are college girls and have had a little training before coming to her, but most of their talent has been derived from their work in her studio. Any of the girls can play the percussion instruments for the dances when they aren’t on the stage. The present tour started in January and it has been transcon-
tinental. They have danced for sev-
eral college audiences. She finds most of them very* appreciative. Some of the colleges visited "were University of Nebraska, Colorado State University, William and Mary and several other universities
throughout the Btates. The recital
enjoyed most by the group was one
before 3,000 grade school children. They found them very attentive and
interested in Modem Dance.
Five Purdue Grads Admitted Into Ranks Of Army Air Corps Five men have been added to Purdue’s ranks among the Army Air Corps Flying Cadets. The five men are Lyman K. Harvey, Lakewood, O.; Lytle W. Small, Aurora, 111.; Oramel H. Skinner, Indianapolis; Emmet E. McClarren, Crawfordsville; and Floyd C. Rush, Lafayette. These men will all report for duty as flying cadets on Saturday, February 17. These men will receive preliminary instructions in flying at civilian air schools which operate in conjunction with the Army system. After a period of training, if they are deemed qualified, they will go to Randolph Field. This is the goal of the flying cadets and can be attained only after at least three months training. Skinner will go to Parks Air College, East St. Louis, Illinois; McClarren to Englewood, Illinois; Small to the Dallas Flying School, Dallas, Texas; and Rush and Harvey are both going to the Spartan School of Aeronautics at Tulsa, Oklahoma. SCA Eleds Officers For New Semester Student Cooperative Association Board held its regular election of officers Tuesday in room 302 of the Union building. Officers for the coming semester are: Jean Plummer, of Ann 'Tweedale House, president; Wayne Musser, of Rochdale House, vice-president; Ed l^rown, of Kagawa House, secretary, and Bob Lumpkin, of Chauncey House, treasurer. Because of a change in the constitution of the Purdue Independent Association, the S. C. A. president is now an official member of the P. I. A. board. On March 9, the S. C. A. will have an invitational dance to the music of Irvan Maury in the new ballroom of the Union. Junior Co-eds ... are asked to attend the activity meeting this afternoon in Room F of the Memorial Union. Senior women will be in charge of the meeting, which is c:^led to secure data for future junior activities.
First-hand Opinimis Wolfe, who has been observing con’ditions iff" Europe for the past 22 years has had an opportunityfew commentators have had to formulate first-hand opinions on world affairs. In recognition of these studies he has received decorations from six great powers. In addition to being a keen student of these affairs, the speaker has the ability to present a word picture promoting visual imagery Immediately following tonight’s convo, students and faculty members will have an opportunity to meet Henry Wolfe in the great hall of the Union. Interested townspeople are also invited to attend the reception. \ in his lectures. Wolfe has -written numerous articles for magazines, two of the recent ones having been selected by a council of librarians as outstanding. One of the most striking predictions that Wolfe has made in recent year? appeared in last year’s Jime issue of Harper’s. It was here that he predicted the Stalin-Hitler alliance. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth Tells Seniors What Employers Expect Lecturing on “What the Employer Expects of a College Graduate,” Dr. Lillian Gilbreth addressed the group of job-seeking seniors who filled the EE building lecture room Tuesday afternoon. Dr. Gilbreth said, “Most people like other people who are physicfdly fit and able to take responsibility.” She stated that physical fitness, mental alertness, emotional stability, social adjustment, and the ability to recognize irrational irritations are qualities which an employer wants in his employees.. Explaining irrational irrit^ons she defined them as, “little things that are annoying to others.” Going Up? “I don’t belong to the school which believes that the job is unimportant except for experience. I think that the first job should be one which can grow into a position of greater importance,” she stated. Dr. Gilbreth asserted that a person who applies for a job should not only have technique, which he" has acquired in college, but should know something about what he cap do and what he wants to do. “Actual interest in one’s work impresses the employer,” she said.
PIA Tea Dance
... will feature s-wing records by Glenn MiUer from 3 to 6:30 on Saturday, February 17, in the old ballroom. The dance, held b^ore the Purdue-Hlinois basketball game, is the first of the year for the FIA* Members of the PIA will be admitted free upon presentation of their membership cards. All co-eds vdft be admitted free and are especially invited. Non-members may chase tickets at the door fw ten cen^. Eds are re<iuested to wear coats and lies.THE pmm
l^uiieidc^ Fe!bni«nf>^ 15^ 1940^
Personnel Notes
Seniors
Seniors, have you secured your Personnel Data Sheets? H not, come up to the Activities Bureau office, rooni^ 356 in the Union, and place your order. The price for the data sheets is $3.85 for 100 copies, $4.85 for 200 copies. The Debris cut for your picture is used.
COMPANY: The Texas Co., N. Y. a REPRESENTATIVE: H. V. Atwell. \ VISITING PURDUE: Saturday, l^ebruary 17. INTERVIEWING: Seniors and graduate students in M. E., Ch. E., and majoring in Chemistry. Those interested sign up at once in the main ofldce of their school or the department of Chemistry.
COMPANY: The Paper Package Co., 802 South Delaware, Indianapolis, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. R. M. Mauzy, Personnel Manager. VISITING PURDUE: Saturday, February 17. INTERVIEWING: M. E. seniors interested in development, sales or production work.
Co-ed Swimmers Will Compete In Telegraphic Meet Co-ed summers are entered for the first time in a National Telegraphic swimming meet to be held in the Women’s gym pool on the nights of February 27 and March 6. Competing against Purdue in these contests will be co-eds from the University of Illinois, University of Iowa, University of Missouri, Northwestern University, DePauw University, Indiana University, and Butler University, all members of the Central Region. Certain standards have been set up for participants in these meets; there are to be no more than fifteen girls on a team, at least eight Onehalf hour practices are required of each, co-eds must have passed a physical examination by the college physician. These meets are open to the public since no records are official when made behind closed doors.
COMPANY; The General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York. REPRESENTATIVE: Gordon E. Bums, representative of the Business Training Program. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 20 and ■ 21st. ■■ ■ ' INTERVIEWING: Seniors in the schools of Science and Engineering interested in business training. Mr. Bums wishes only to see students interested in accounting, auditing, financial and statistical work, as well as merchandising. Those interested read the bulletins provided in the main office of the various schools and sign up for consideration. Former H, E. Student Employed By Airline Mildred Inwood, an Indiana girl, has been appointed dietitian for the commissary department of United Air Lines. Miss Inwood, whose home is in Valparaiso, graduated from the school of home economics at the University where she specialized in nutrition. She became a biochemical technician at the General Hospital in Philadelphia and also at .the Hanemann Hospital in the same city. Miss Inwood, ^ dietitian for the Uni^^ Air Lines, will be in charge «f the test kitchen in Chicago y^here the scientifically balanced meals served aboard the planer are planned. Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the pled^ng of the following men; C. L. Herbster, Irwin, Pa.; T. H. Klausmeyer, South Bend; W. L. Lingeman, Indianapolis; and F. L. Gray, Gary.
Co-eds Only By Florence Justin Tomorrow night is the night for all you organized women to cut loose. There’ll be plenty of reminders that this is Leap Year—as if you needed them. Anyhow, have fun!
Co-ed clothes for the affair will present the usual mid-season variety. For example, Mary Burtsfield, Kappa Kappa Gamma, will wear a green faille dress of the “Gone With the Wind” style, with a fitted top and a full skirt, while Jane Arnold, Chi Omega pledge, will also follow the “Gone With the Wind” influence in a blue spring print. Jean Ann McClintock, of the Phi Mu house, will be there in a green taffeta bustle dress.
It’s very appropriate that we should be having the women’s PanHel dance the same week-end that the former Pedalions get their Delta Gamma charter and all. Congratulations and all of the best to the new national sorority. Valentine’s Day having just passed, have you noticed the gentle glow people are going around in over the tokens of sentiment that Cupid came through with? (He worked through his agents, of course). As for the comic jobs that circulated anonymously—^just put them down to someone’s warped sense of humpr, and remember to do your own warping next year.
Deac says;— Life is just what you make it. There is no substitute for hard work. All knowledge is tied up in books. If you own the book you may 'get this knowledge for yourself if you try. Paid, Ad
GONE WITH THE WIND
STAI^TS SATURDAY MORNING FEB.
17
For night shows all seats are reserved. Tickets are now on sale. Matinees will be usual continuous performances with no reserved seats. Come anytime from 10:00 a. m. up to 2:30 p. m. and see a complete show exactly as shown at its famed’ Atlanta Premiere. BUY RESERVED SEATS NOW BOX OFFICE OPEN 9 A. M. to 9 P. M. — Phones 69^5 • GOOD SEATS STlLL AVAILABLE • NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. Continuous Not Reserved 75c Inc. Tax While this engagement is limited this production will not be shown anywhere except at advanced prices-^at least until 1941.
WCUL TbujoA.
Honors in the Intratnural Swimming meet held Tuesday night in the Women’s gymnasium pool were captured by WRH north. Second place was taken by West Hall with Alpha Xi-Delta and Ward 3 placing third and fourth respectively. Topranking scorer of the evening was Lorraine Bemis. A silver loving cup was presented to the winning team for permanent possession.' —Waa— In the first intramural class volleyball game held Tuesday night the seniors triumphed over the juniors and the sophomores defeated the freshmen. Yesterday evening the sophomores battled the seniors and the freshmen vied against the juniors with the seniors and the freshmen victorious. Friday, February 16, at 4 o’clock the juniors play the sophomores and the freshmen compete against the seniors in the third round of the event.
On the basis of these class games an All-Star Volleyball team will be selected by the WAA manager. Miss Ray Fraser, and the captains of the teams.
On Friday, February 16, at 5 o’clock the Alpha Xi Delta basketball team will challenge the team of Wards 2 and 4. During this game the girls from WRH second team will be competing against the Thaeles co-eds. WAA points will be given to all girls participating in the class volleyball and basketball games. Prof. W. A. Knapp ... assistant dean of engineering and secretary of the engineering experiment station, was installed as national treasurer of Acacia fraternity, Saturday evening in Chicago. Prof. Knapp has been adviser of the local chapter for the past ten years. Inferfraternity Squash ' Playing tonight in the fieldhouse, the ATO’s and the Sig Pi’s are now in the semi-finals of the fraternity squash tournament. The winner of this game is to play the SPE team which has already advanced to the finals. All three of the teams involved have perfect records and a hot contest is expected in the finals which are coming up next week.
Notices No notices 'will be accepted after 8 pi. m. Cosmopolitan Club: Election of nation^ president, vice president, and cOrr^ponding secretary Friday, February 16, at 4:80 p.- nik in reception' rOont, of the Union. Have ndminatidne ready. Pledging .6f new meiub^re also. ' All iiieinbers urged tb bb present, •—SHICKEL, \VAA Basbdtbail: . practice at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 46. At 5 p, to. Ward 1 vs. WRH. South team ^ —BRITTON.
Alpha Zeta:
Ho meeting this week. —HITCHCOCK.
KAA. Class Volley Ball: Games for all class teams Wednesday and Friday, February 14 and 16 at 4 p. m. instead of Thursday. —MORRIS.
Prom Committee: Meet in the Independent office Saturday, February 17, at'2:80 p. m. —ROYOB.
Senior Tactics: War Department training films “Attack” and “The Tactical Employment of Chemical Troops in Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4 :10 p; m. on Friday, February 16, and Monday, February 19. These pictures are shown in connection with the course in “Tactics”; attenlance is optional. '^-—THOMPSON.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. 'm., room 303, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
PurduO Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer''office at 4 p. to. on Thursday, February 16, for a special meeting: TJllman, Raphael, Zelgler, McDonald, Salzer, McAllister, Weiss, Worthington, Kruder, Richardson, Hussey, Hawkins, and Shooter. —SQUIRES.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations.for removal of conditions in mathematics 'will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. . —HEAD.
Fraternity Presidents Council: Special meeting at 7:16 p. m.; Thursday, February 16, at Delta Upsilon house. Please be prompt. —C ATTERALL. Ag Chem Club: Meet in Union, Thursday, February 16, at 7:36 for important discussion and election of o cers. Location later. —PARKER.
Catalyst Club: Important meeting at 7:S0 p. m., -Thursday, February 16, in Room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical En-; gineering Building. All member's are urged to be present. Discussion of joining Alpha Chi Sigma will be held. (2-16) —OMOHUNDRO.
PIA Dance Class: First meeting has been postponed until next week. Please watch notice column for time and place. Registration will be continued in PIA office this week. (2-17) , —LUTZ. Glider Club: Meet in room B at 7 p. m., Thursday, February 16, for a short business meeting. Bring dues. —HAMMAN.
English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting Thursday, February 16, at 4:00 p. m. in office. —^McLEAN.
Ag Chem Club: Meet in room 303 of the Union, Thursday, February 15, at 7:30 for important discussion and election of officers. —HARPER. Mixed Recreation: Mixed Recreation Friday, February 16, at 7:80 in the women’s gymnasium. Sports offered are volley ball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong. Swimming ten cents for men. Women free. Everybody welcome. —MATHER.
YOU COULD LIVE THOSE JOYOUS DAYS AT "HIGHBALL OVER AGAIN! JANE WITHERS
EXTRA OUR GANG COMEDY TODAY - FRIDAY
MARS
JOE BROWNy Jr. LLOYD CPIHUGAN
LAFAYETTE TODAY- FRIDAY — 2 DAYS ONLY —
GRIN AND BEAR IT
BYLicNtV
Copr. 1944 by United FmVum Syndicate, Jnc. Tin. Ref. V. 8. PaL Offv—All rlfhU reserved
X-ir
“We must first be sure what we feel is really love, Elwyn—not merely a deficiency of hormones A to D:”
Lutheran Students : There will be a meeting of the L.S.A. iri room B of the Union at 7:16 Monday, February 19. All students interested are invited 'to attend. —HALL.
:Special Orchestra: Compulsory rehearsal for\“Seven Last Words” at 7:16 p. h. on Thursday, February 16, in Fowler Hall. —RAGAINS.
Gimlet: Important meeting at ATO house Thursday, Februa^ 16, at 6 p. m. Arrangements for initiation will be made. —FRAZEE.
Delta Rho Kappa Important meeting Wednesday, February 2l, in room A of the Union at 4:00. Please be Uieve ' —ESTEY.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All , makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. NeW portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT
Wesley Foundation: 'There will be a special meeting of the council and the freshman commission Thursday evening, February 16, at 7:00 at the foundation. Will close
promptly at 7:46. Important.
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 167 Pierce, Phone 76634.
—McFADDEN.
Scabbard and Blade: All Scabbard and Blade actives and pledges who have not received bids, obtain them from the Supply Room, Miss Kane. -r-McWORKMAH.
Purdue Sportswomen: Important meeting Thursday, Febrimry 16, at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —MATHER.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 661,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Found. Ho Questions. Reward.
ARC
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: All Juniors. who submitted lists of squads please meet in room 202 at 4:16 p. m. Friday, Februhry 16. To assist in making up the schedules for drill each Junior should find out frdm Sophomores of his squad all periods from 4-6 and 6-6 p. m. daily in which they are free to attend drills, and have this data at ,the meeting. —FAULCONER.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 16, at 4:16 p. m. in office. —COOLEY.
W.A.A.: Class volleyball games will be played Wednesday and Thursday, February 16 at 4 p. m. All girls on the class teams please be at the gym. —MORRIS.
llAllI
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
^...w
cte
ill®'*’
the: SECRET b«sedoninenovei"FOUR JUST MEN" by EDGAR WALLACE WITH HIANK LAWTON • ANNA LEE CRIFFITH JONES IT'S FIRST RUN —-PLUS — WHEN HE SWINGS. LOOK OUT FOR YOUR HEART
JOHN PAYNE-JANE WYMAN WALTER CATLEH » ED BROPHV
BobSTEELE
_and--'WITNESS VANISHES' — WITH — EDMUND LOWE
— ALSO —
LUMA . TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
With • WILLIAM HENRY ANTHONY QUINN VIRGINIA DALE
PLUS—2ND FEATURE PULSE-POUNDING SAGA OF MURDEROUS MEN AND THEIR BLAIZNG WATERLOO!
y<Thuradcty, Pdbruaiy 15» 1940
£xftomnL SfufdSu ficupt
Riveter Grapplers Win One, Lose One During Road Jaunt Grappling with two opponents in successive days, the Boilermaker wrestling team returned yesterday with one victory and one downfall. At Normal, Illinois, the Reeckmen met and conquered Illinois Btate Normal by a 17-13 margin. Immediately after the match, the squad headed northward to Madison, the home of Wisconsin's Badgers, where the Badgers came out Of their hole to nip the Boilermakers, 19 to 9. In the first match, which was staged on Monday evening, the Riveters abducted five matches while dropping three. One of the Reeckmen’s victories was a fall which was credited to John Post in ithe 166 pound class. The other wins came as decisions to Fredericks, Timms, Aronson, and Rossi. Fredericks, Rossi Repeat Wisconsin prov<id to be of higher calibre than the Illinois school, and the Boilermakers were successful in only three matches, all won by decisions. However, the meet was closer than the 19-9 score may indicate. Fredericks, in the 121 pound division class and Rossi, grappling in the heavyweight, were the only Riveters to duplicate their victories of the preceding night. Following the Illinois basketball game Saturday night, the Riveter
Track Team Ready For lllitiois Reloys Coach Phillips put his track men through thtelt paces last night as time trials were run in preparation for the team’s invasion of Champaign next Saturday to take part in the Illinois Relays. Although the ace Boilerniaker distance man, Ed Holderman, has been troubled slightlj^’ with a cold it is hoped he will be back in top form in time to run in either the 1,000 yard or the 1,600 nleter event. If he does, there is a good chance that Ed may be able to cop top honors for the Gold and Black.
matmen will lock holds with the Chicago team on the fieldhouse fioor. This meet will be the fifth of the current season for Coach Reeck’s charges, and the second Big Ten match. Reeck plans to stick to virtually the same line-up that saw action on the recent road jaunt. Summary of the Illinois State Normal and Wisconsin matches are as follows: W L Fredericks . ’ 2 0 Timms 1 1 Linderman 0 1 Papurca 0 2 ' Willey 1 1 Post j 1 0 Aronson 1 1 Rossi 2 0 Anderson 0 1 Camperman J 0 1
S^LE PHOTO EQUIPMENT CAMERAS (Movie and Still) Enlorgerst Projectors, Meters, Paper and Films (Second-Hand Shopworn) HINEA'S
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
ARROW’S SEMESTER SHIRT BEDFORD STRIPES (Featured in the March Esquire)
H
ere’s a shirt so far ahead in smart style that even a semester’s wear won’t date it. Thin, well-spaced corded stripes on soft-hued color grounds in blue, tan, and green distinguish Bedford
Stripes as the find for 1940. As with all Arrows, they’re Sanfor-ized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Break out some folding money and buy an assortment of these fine shirts today before they’re all gone. $2.25 each.
Arrow Bedford ties to match $1.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Hapac, lllinoh Star, Shatters Individual Big Ten Scoring Mark By J. P. Dolan There is an old athletic hypothesis that records are made to be broken, and last Saturday night in the Big Ten was “Red Letter Night” for proving such an hypothesis, because undergraduate. Bill Hapac, student at the University of Illinois, not only broke the individual scoring record of 30 points for Big Ten basketball players held by Ernie Andres, Indiana, '39, but he shattered it. And if anyone wants to break Bill’s 34 point mark set Saturday night against the Minnesota club, they will have to start about fifteen minutes before a ball game. They’ll be mootch’n, at that. He Was Ineligible Bill, who hasn’t played a lot of ball for the Illini this season, due to the fact that the Illinois faculty always delight in prolonging the hardwood stars each season from early games with classroom difficulties. Bill missed the Indiana game at Bloomington and the Suckers were defeated by a couple of points on a last minute rally by the Hoo^iers. His 13 baskets and 8 fouls last week-end against the Gophers were making the Hoosiers forget Purdue Sunday morning and thank goodness and what not that the brilliant Illini captain \^asn’t around early in the season. Klein, The Farmer Dick Klein, Northwestern’s farmer boy from the corn country of Iowa who keeps climbing to the top of the conference scoring ladder by throwing 11 fielders between the iron, collaborated with a couple of charity tosses to give him 24 points for his Saturday night efforts against Michigan, a game which N. U. won. Schick Follows Rest Keeping in vogue with the rest of the conference mob, John Schick, of Ohio State, went on a scoring rampage Saturday night to aid the Bucks total in defeating Chicago, 44-36. He scored 23 points. Hapac’s exhibition against Minnesota was against a top-notch club, as the Gophers are the only conference five to hold a victory over Indiana. Whew, what a week-end! And Purdue plays Illinois twice, but Pur-
IorrA/n^
You'd novar dream that the compelling beauty of Trique Suede . . . with its rich dull surface and run proof doublebar weave . . . deftly fashioned into flattering gowns and smart pajamas . . . could be had so inexpensively!
THIEME & WANGERIH CO. 622-626 Main St.
Qkohji By Robert J. Deckard Straight up, down, and sideways, it was all Hapac over in Chamj)aign, 111., Saturday evening Vrhen biackhaired Captain Bill of Illinois went on a rampage, going four points farther than the Big Ten individual scoring record previously set by Indiana’s Ernie Andres, and dropping 34 points into the linens. —^fc— The folks at Illinois decided before the game to toss on a night for Mr. Hapac, and two hundreds of his ^fellow-townsmen from Cicero, 111., went down to Champaign to do honor to their favorite son. . . . And Sweet William responded most beautifully. —^fc— Before the gun ended his frenzied shooting, Mr. H had dropped in 13 field goals and eight free throws. . . . He attempted 31 shots from the field and 11 from the charity line. . . . This steady down-pour of shots produced 17 points before intermission. —^fc— The folks at the Illinois institution liked Mt. H’s exhibition so well that they broke loose with the greatest ovation ever accorded an individual on an Illinois floor. .. . They screamed, stamped, milled around the floor, and, to top it off, attacked a section of the bleachers, trying to get a hunk of the wood for souvenirs. —^fc— But don’t forget there was another fellow on the loose during the same evening.... Dick Klein, Northwestern’s toughest Wildcat, ripped the draperies with 11 buckets, only two short of Mr. H’s 13. . . . In aggregate Klein made 24 points against Michgan, a tough outfit if there ever was one. —^fc— In many news stories going around the land, credit for originating the new scoring system utilized at the Purdue-Wisconsin-Chicago annually-held triangular track meet Saturday was given to Tom Jones, Badger track mentor. . . . The idea
\ due has guys like Beretta, 'Yeager, and Tierney, who delight in tagging the scoring “shots.” Look at the records: Vaughn, of Soi^them Cal. was helpless against the Boilermkkers, so was Klein, so was Schick of Ohio State, and thus went the fortunes of Schwartz, of Wisconsin.
Boilermakers Prepare Defense For Illini Netters “Stop Hapac” will be the Boilermaker war cry Saturday ii%ht when Coach Lambert turns loose his title-seeking squad against the giant-killing Illini. Several times during yesterday’s practice the aggressive Riveter guards sounded off with ‘Tve got Hapac,” which indicates that the high-scoring Illini forward will not have an easy time in totalling his customary number of points..
Baseball Candidates To Report Monday Varsity baseball aspirants are requested to re^iort Monday afternoon in the fieldhouse’for the initial drill of the season according to a pall issued by Head Coach Dutch Fehring. The battery men who have been working out since last Monday under the watchful eyes of freshman coaches. Pop Doan and Bert Saunders, have rounded into very good pre-season form. Harry Krause, former Boilermaker star, has been instructing the catchers in the more basic principles of their position and has been rounding them into shape. Successful Season Anticipated The Purdue team bolstered by several returning letter-men promises to have a very successful season and should be near the top in the Big T-en final standings. Freshmen candidates will not report until after spring vacation but the Fieldhouse will be open for any freshman who wishes to workout in the early afternoons from 1 to 3. Coach Bert Saunders has warned the freshmen to not work out too hard at first but to work out slowly and prevent sore arms.
Harvard University has received a donation of 57,000 orchid specimens and $6^,000 to care for them.
oweT'6
^eauti^u
As a last stroke before going to that big formal dance, see that your date receives a corsage of flowers of the season—made up to emphasize her beauty.
ClaJiL
527 Main
Phone 5432
Lambert Grooms Defense The Boilermakers ran through a long and intensive scrimmage yesterday afternoon with special emphasis placed on the two-on-one defense, the situation in which Bill Hapac is particularly effective. After the 34 point spree against Minnesota, the antics of the sharpshooting Illini forward are being thoroughly analyzed by Big Ten coaches, and if he can duplicate his scoring feats during the second half of the title-chase, he will be easily the most outstanding player the conference has seen for the past two years. Young’s Successor Racking up 85 points in five games, Hapac sports an average of 17 points per game, a pace which peaks Jewell Young’s game average in 1938 by two points. However, if the Illini prize keeps up at his present rate, he will find himself falling below Young’s 184 point record because he will have played in only eleven games. Although he leads the conference scoring, he has played in one less game, having missed the Indiana encounter because of illness. The first impression on paper of the Illini net team is that Hapac is the only boy that plays on the Orange and Blue five. It must be remembered that the Illini, minus Hapac, geared Indiana to within two poiilts of defeat in the season-open-er. Drish, Evers, Sachs, Wukovits, and Handlon have made it known that they know where the basket is.
New York University safety educators will visit 20 states this summer lecturing on safety education.
of the scoring was based on the \combmed efforts of three entries from each school in each event, placing the premium on balancedteam strength rather than on individual performances. -Ifc— Our own Hermon Phillips, varsity track coach, thought of that scheme back in 1937 when he first came to Purdue. . . . The idea was used in the first P-W-C triangular meet here ii^ the Fieldhouse. '
Meet In Fieldhouse For Championships Tonight at 7 the wards will compete for the aquatic championship of the campus. This year’s meet promises to be even better than last year’s with several of last year’s stars again competing for the honor of their wards. Howard Krick paced Ward 9 to the cEampionship last year while Cary Hall 8 led by Siler finished in the runnerup position. Following is a list of the events in the order in which they will be run off: 100 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke, 50 yard free stroke, 100 yard back stroke, 220 yard relay—4 men 2 lengths each, fancy-diving—4 optional, 4 required, 220 yard free style. The number of events is limited to three for each contestant, including the relay. A team will be composed of one or more men and members of the winning team will receive medals from the intramural department. /-A4 Schedules BASKXrrBAlX Thnxaday, Febrnaiy IS, 1940 Court 1: _ Kurtz 7:00—Sigma Pi vs Alplia Gamma Rho 7:1B—Delta Chi vs Sigma Alpha EpsUon 8:00h—Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Pi Court 2: Aronson 7 ;00—Acacia vs Triangle ^ 7:16—Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Tau . Delta 8:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Theta Chi 8:15—Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Sigma Kappa Court 3: Swing 7:00—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa Sigma 7:15—Sigma Nu vs Beta Sigma Psi 8:00—Pi Kapim Alpha vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8:1S—Delta Upsilon vs Tt\eta Tau Court 4: Rechenbach 7 :00—Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu 7:15—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 16 8:00—Kappq Delta Rho vs Lambda Chi Alpha 8:16—Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Delta Theta
It’s not “Hello Day” at Mdmingside College. Students there ace more informal, they call it “Yi-jAh Day.” A Canadian college student has transferred to the University Georgia because she wanted to leam more about t^e coimtry described in “Gone With the Wind.”1 » !/'•=* “ " , . n^xf^ p^s*,Pr|’
-i’ ’ y!W> ^'l
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February 15, 1940
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir It’s a fine introduction to Valentine’s day when you can count 107 stags at a dance. And that’s just how many our secret agent No. 16% counted at the tea dance Tuesday afternoon. Maybe it’s just a sign that the eds are getting overly sentimental. Why only a few weeks ago, our agent leports, he and his date came upon two unescorted coeds at a weekly mixer. Or maybe these 107 eds heard about those two co-eds.
On thinking it over, we’ll put our money on the latter theory
We’re going to dedicate this space to the Student Union. Or maybe we should dedicate it to the Exponent staif. At any rate whoever was responsible for the headline in Tuesday morning’s Exponent saying “HUGE MASS MEETING PLANNED FOR FROSH INTERESTED IN UNION” should be feeling pretty squeamish. That is, he should if he thought of the meeting from the attendance angle. We hope the frosh lived up to the expectations. It’s mighty hard to have a “Huge Mass Meeting” with five freshmen. “
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Inslef _ Editar-in-Chief W. E. Sm^ „ BnsineM Manager D. G. Terrlo, editorial director; G. W. Fred^ck, managing editor; E. M. Antoiuni, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered as second alaas matter at the post MlBea in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreaa od Mareh I, 1879, and at tiae apeelal rate of postage provided Cor ia sectton 1108, act of October 8. 1917, authorised January SO, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weddy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, msQ subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor, DeHoog Ass’t Night Editor, Heaton Day Editor, Bnrtsfield Thursday, February 15, 1940.
Collegians Elsewhere
By the Staff
Once more we swipe attempts at humor of fellow collegians. We stand behind the advice of a Northwestern professor who states, “It doesn’t matter if every reader you have says something you write is lousy, is the worst they’ve ever read. If you think it’s funny, then by damn^ it’s funny.” He says—It’s funny! The Daily Athenaeum crashes through with some choice bits of wit!
“You mean,” corrected the second, “anymore WILD guesses.”
No comment.
That reminds us—or to be i really frank with you, it doesn’t remind us of a darn thing. But the next item on our list for today concerns co-eds and exams, and we might as well tell you outright instead of slyly slipping into it with a white lie the way we started. O. K. So now we’re going to relate a story of co-eds and exams.
Well, we’ve gotta leave now. We’re getting ready to go and see Hanya Holm and her ether grabbers portray their idea of our biead and butter, the “Metropolitan Daily.” Right now we haven’t an idea in the woild as to what they will do. They’re going to work on all the different sections of the paper, according to yesterday’s Exponent. Well, we’ll stick around for the front page stuff, and maybe for the comic strip if we feel up to it. But when they come to the editorial page, we’re scramming! We look bad enough in type. And the thought of our column romping around on a stage in the form of seven lithe young ladies—o-o-o-oh!
It seems that it was just after one of the more bewildering true and false examinations put out by, in all probability, the economics department. Two co-eds just left the room and paused in the hall a moment to put on their gloves. “Well,” said the first, with a sincere finality, “from now on, on these tests, I’m not going to make any more guesses.”
But we will go to see part of it. It’s only fair that when the Hanya Holm group is through interpreting a “Meti opolitan Daily” in dance, the Daily can retaliate by giving its interpretation of the Hanya Holm group in print.
Definitions A fool and his money are some party. An optician’s daughter: One who has two glasses and makes a spectacle of herself. They say . . . Bruno: I hear your pet dachshund died. Alka: Yes, he met his end going around a tree. Shot: Why, sure, I’ll indorse your cigarettes—^for $20,000. Business man: I’ll see you inhale first. It is all in the way you say it. You can tell a girl that time stands still when you look into her eyes, but just try telling her that her face stops a clock.—Iowa State Daily Student. Co-ed: “And you’ll never stop loving me?” Ed: “Well, I’ve got an 8 o’clock class in the morning.” Ohh.—Oklahoma Daily.
Copy BOY!
Co-ed Stunt Program Set For February 24; Sponsored By YWCA
Ray B. Crepps Arthery Range Open
Saturday, Febiuary 24, fiom 7 to 8:30 p. m.. Co-ed Capers, a co-ed stunt program, sponsored by YWCA, will be held in the south ballloom of the Union. This is the first time a piogrant of this nature has been brought to the University, although the idea has become very popular on other campuses. The program will consist of stunts, limited to 10 minutes, given by the three women’s residence halls. Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Delta Gamma, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu, Pi Beta Phi, and Thaeles. Kappa Alpha Theta and Alpha Chi Omega will not participate because the 24th is their State Day. A plaque, contributed by Deckel’s and engraved with the winnei*’s name, will be awarded by the judges for the best stunt, and may be kept by the winner until the next year’s Capers. Admission is ten cents Tickets will be available from the chairmen of each participating house, YW cabinet members, the booth to be put in Cary Hall next week, and also at the door on the night of the performance.
. . . associate professor of testing materials at the University, will present a paper on “Pre-stressed Reinforced Concrete Pipes” before the annual meeting of the American Concrete Pipe Association in Chicago today. In his discussion. Prof. Crepps will deal with the latest scientific development in designing and making large reinforced concrete pipe for high water pressures.
Eveiy week-night from four to SIX the archery range in the basement of the Fieldhouse is open to anyone liking this sport. The range is under the direction of Art Gray and equipment is furnished without any charge. Plans are being made to organize a team in this sport to compete with other schools.
Pardon Us Indiana A man, seeing another man swimming off the Florida coast, yelled: “Hey, aren’t you afraid of the sharks?” Swimmer: “Heck, no. I’m tattooed.” Observer: “What’s that got to do with sharks?” Swimmer: “I’ve got I. U. is the best college in Indiana tattooed on my chest, and even a shark wouldn't swallow that.”
Plan Mass Initialion For Delta Gammas
Union Call-Out
Camera Club Hears Gephart At First Meeting Of Seniors
William F. Gephart, Camera Club piesident, spoke last night before the Club in the first of a series of lectures scheduled for the opening meetings of this semester. At this meeting, held in room 263 of the new Union addition, pictures' were shown on the various types of cameras and the merits of each to familiarize the novice photographer with his equipment. Gephart gave a few simple rules of composition and picture-taking for those less experienced. The lectures will be continued next Tuesday evening with a talk on films and developeis.
Formal installation of Beta Iota chapter of Delta Gamma sorority will take place at the Union building next Saturday afternoon. Members of the present Delta Gamma Colony, formerly known as Pedalion, were pledged to the national sorority last December. Ceremonies will begin in the morning when Pedalion alumnae and sorority pationesses will be pledged. The entire chapter will be initiated in the afternoon. A charter will be presented to the president, Jean Shake, at a banquet to be held that evening in the Union building. A leception in the faculty lounge of the Union will highlight the week-end’s activities. Delta Gammas from out-of-town are coming to witness the installation and to take part in the celebration. The national officers of the sorority including Margarite Winant, grand piesident, will be present. Other chapters of the organization will send representatives to welcome the new chapter.
. yesterday was answered by approximately 200 freshmen eds and co-eds. They assembled in the South ball room where they were welcomed by Dave Brubeck, executive, who explained about Union activities Vincent Hruby, activities executive, introduced the vicepi esidents and discussed the functions of the various divisions. Louise Shickler, co-ed executive, told the girls of their part in the Union
We Bring Them Anyway A Loyola university professor requires three things for his true and false tests: 1. A bluebook; 2. Mental facilities; 3. A coin. We can do without the fiist two.—Michigan State News.
ENGLISH 1
k THEATRE II “f I##! I iJ FiBRUARY 21
Matinees Thursday and Saturday
INDIANAPOLIS
agicwuti, Topff' projenfs cwUFT'
> gaSSflBP SHORT? MW KiUUOM '
mKU
Priest Ivat. $2.78, $2.20, $1.68, $1.10,8S«
Thurt. Mat. $1.68, $1.10, 88e
MAIL ORDERS NOW ENCLOSE STAMPED ADDRESSED
ENVELOPE WITH REMIHANCE Sat. Mat. $2.20, $1.68, $1.10, 8Sc /nef Tax
Junior
. . . metallurgists, accompanied by Prof. Eckel of the Chemical and Metallurgical School, journeyed to Continental Steel Corporation’s Kokomo factory yesterday. On a personally-conducted tour of the factory by company officials, the group witnessed the production processes of galvanized steel and wire from the original iron ore stage.
Learn a Lesson in Sex Appeal
from Crown’s Distinctive Service
Many a heart has been won by a thrilling Personal Appearance. For, remember when the opposite sex looks at you, they never forget the attractiveness of your Clothes.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
©ROWN LaUEIDRY
n N E C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLOTHEf
Qualified Wlomen in USA Eligible To Receive Offered Competitive Scholarships
Alpha Tau Omega
if
Katherine Gibbs Schools in New
York and in Boston are offering two national competitive scholarships to the two women who best meet the requirements set up by the Schloraship" Committee. Qualifications for application for these scholarship are: good acadepiic records, personal recognition and the ability to profit from a secretarial training course.
Each scholarship is valued at $400.00, including tuition and $300.00 in cash which may be used to cover the cost of residence.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the fQllowin|;: Ralph Arlin, Mansfield, 0.; Robert Rogers, Quincy, Mass.; Lome Reyn- ^ olds, San Marino, Cal.; Jack Stever. South Pasadena, Cal.; "William Eagle, Buffalo, N. Y.; Jack Waters, h Anderson; and Thomas Mangold,
Burlington, la.
James Potter, Flint, Mich.; Howard Shook, South Bend; Hayden ' Carmichael, Franklin; Robert Swisher, Royal Oak, Mich.; James Seabright, Royal Oak, Mich.; Al- ^ fred Howard, Beloit, Wis.; William Miller, Evanston, 111.; and Philip Smalley, Canton, O. ^
Application blanks can be obtained at the office of the Placement for Women. All applications must be filed by April 1, 1940. Further information may be obtained by writ-
ing to the Memorial Scholarship Committee, Katherine Gibbs School, 230 Parks Avenue, New York, New York.
This Worries Us If “you can’t have everything” and “it can’t happen here” and “you can’t take it with you,” what’s the use of trying anymore?—The Dakota Students. A bit of a riddle. ... If East is East'and West is West, where is the twain ? Give up? . .On the twack.— Daily Athenaeum.
lOCB&HSHECOMMirir
MEDALLION MANIA
Obligingly designed for all day long
Cartwheel medallions white pique button unexpectedly on cuffs and blouse pockets. Refreshingly smart contrast to the navy, black or copen of the Portrait rayon crepe. Add to this hundreds of tiny tucks, a hand-span waistline and swirling skirt and you have a dress to amswer your dreams. 9 to 17
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dentaf Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK 4th 6 Mein Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualhy Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
• Jewelers
522 Main St. Phone 4731 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optonnetrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Rest. Supplies
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGfR INN 808 Main St. 5e PIE SOUP COFFEE Sc
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col. St Phone6405