5|i.i .
tiMERRY-GO-ROUND 1 Says Navy News Isn't •'. ' Up To Standards
Established 1881
XpjbM4lt W Oh! Marilyn
Edit Thanks University^ Service Officials For EXTRA DAY
Voliime 56, No. 87
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December 9, 1943
Darlene, Mahn, Novelty Numbers Features OF SDX Rassle Saturday Hamilton Will Describe AgfituHure Workers Tickets $ell For $1,65;
Pacific Experiences
- . - . . you re easy to dance with, as shown in scene from production. -ff Bdlet Theater To Present Swan Lake, Mademoiselle Angot, Three Virgins And A Devil At Convocation Tonight
Describing his 16 months’ experience in the' southwest Pacific, Lt. (jg.) Edward T. Hamilton will be the featured speaker at a convocation Friday at 7:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music. He is one of three who survived his squadron by trekking 160 miles through swamps and jungles of Jap-infested territory for
14 days.
Lt. Hamilton entered the Navy as an ordnance officer two years ago, but he was soon transferred to a PT boat squadron. He is one of the men who have been glamorized in “They Were Expendable” because of their exploits in the early part of the war. Active in South Pacific By disorganizing Jap supply lines and eliminating many enemy barges, submarines and transports, Hamilton’s squadron did its share
Eight ROTC Men Will Leave Soon ^or DCS, Ft. Sill
To Meet In Fowler Hall fCasap, Riggs Leading
For 4 Day Conference
a*
Thursday eight men from the
Indiana county agents and home demonstration agents in agricultural extension work will convene in Eliza Fowler Hall this morning for an address by Dr. Robert Phillips of the history department. Approximately 160 representatives of the 92 counties have attended the annual four day conference which
ROTC unit here will leave for Foi’t closes tomorrow.
Sill, Okla., as was announced by Following Dr. Phillips’ address, Lt. H. S. Jewett. There they will “Problems of Post-War Internaenter the officers’ candidate school Honal Organization,” sectional in the class number 104, which will meetings will be opened in the begin December 24. What these Union. Topics for discussion in men will do between December 10 home economics include adult edu-
Sigma Delta Chi last night announced that Maury Mann and his orchestra, featuring the vocals of Darlene, will play for the annual Riveter Rassle this coming Saturday night in the north ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12. Tickets can be purchased at the west desk of the Union or from any member
of SDX for 1.64 4-5 cents.
Darlene, who is to be featured with Maury Mahn, has just returned from a successful singing tour of the west coast. Besides the band, SDX has announced that several outstanding novelty acts will also be present for the dance, but these special features will not be
and December 24 was not announced. All of the men that are leaving are seventh semester seniors and are as follows: Martin M. Cherry,
^ringing Russian ballet to the Mqsic Hall stage, the Ballet Theater will present three number's, “Swan Lake,” “Three Virgins and a Devil” and “Mademoiselle AngOtl” tonight at 7:30 as the fifth convocation of the fall season. Doors \ylll be open at 6:45 p. m. Sbl Hurok decided ten years ago that the famous Russian ballet should breathe again on the American stage, and at the “poor man’s prices.” In spite of the usual mutterings of failure, Hurok gathered frontkEurope and America the promising young ballet artists and formed them into a company, 125 in number. He opened his first ballet season at the St. James Theater off Br'oadway. The company is now in its eleventh season, performing in over 70 cities in the United States, and has in its repertoire over 30 productions. Some of the stories danced by the ballet include “Romed and Juliet,” which is called Shakespeare in dance; “Bluebeard,” a comedy; “Pillar of Fii'e;” “Helen of Troy;” “Billy the Kid;” “How Peter Caught the Wolf,” and many others. Unlike England, America does not include ballet on its ration list; in Britain, citizens may go to the ballet only twice a week. “Mademoiselle Angot” is the comic story of a darling of the Paris Market Les Halles, with the music of Lecocq. Mstislav Dobujinsky, Russian artist, created the setting and costumes. Tchaikowsky’s music is the theme of “Swan Lake,” the story of a prince and his friends who are hunting near a lake and come upon a flock of swans. The swans light in a clearing and become maidens who dance. The prince falls in love with the Swan queen, but a sorcerer spiritsik® maidens away and the prince, hearf-broken, falls dead. FdrSt shown in 1940, “Three Virgins and a Devil” is the tale of three* maidens, one priggish, one greedy and one lustful. On then way to church they meet the devil and succumb, but not without a struggle in which the devil draws upon all his store of temptations. The music for this ballet is by'-Ot-torino Respighi. Admission to the convocation will be by passport for students, reciea tion card for service men, and season tickets for others. Presby Mixer . . . will be held tomorrow evening, December 10, beginning at 7 at the University Church. You may come as early or as late as you wish and take pai t in the various games, social dancing and refreshments. This party has been patterned after the service men’s answers to questionnaires,
Town Meeting Probes Racism So unanimous was the determination of those who attended the last gathering of the University Town Meeting to discuss and understand the issues behind the movement for racial equality that a special meeting of the group has been called today at 6:45 p. m. As usual, the meeting will be held at the Wesley Foundation on State street opposite the Union. The topic for discussion will be “What can we do here and now to eliminate rac-
ism?”
Because time is limited in view of the practice of adjourning these meetings at 7, no special speakers have been scheduled in order to permit full discussion from the floor. However, it is expected that several notable faculty members will again attend in order to spark-plug the proceedings. So vitally current is the problem of racism that a large attendance is expected. All are invited. Reed Will Direct Indiana Victory Garden Program Indiana victory garden program for 1944 will be directed by H. J. Reed, dean of the University School' of Agriculture, and Dr. Laurenze Greene, chief of the horticulture department. They will work through county agricultural agertffi, who are members of the county defense councils, in disseminating valuable information concerning the selection of sites, prepai'ation of soil, planning of the gardens and the planting and tilling of the crops. Clarence A. Jackson, state director of civilian defense, announces victory gardens planted and tilled by every Indiana resident who can possibly find the,time and suitable ground will be the goal of the pro-
gram.
Author To Speak At SME Meeting Pi of. L. M. Boelter of the department of mechanical engineering at the University of California will speak at a student branch meeting of ASME this afternoon at^ 4 in loom 108 of the M. E. Building. Prof. Boeltei, chairman of the heat transmission section of ASME, is a national authority and author of many books on heat transmission and thermodynamics.
toward bringing about the turning Eugene E. Piller, Donald E. GrOss-
nickle, Edward F. Ryden, Jesse L. Hubbard, Robert N. Isake, Robert C. Henderson and Everett Sklarz. Lt. Col. Riordan will be in charge
of the convoy.
Not very much is known about
turned to the United States and was the remainder of the ROTC men on visor of Sears, Roebuck & Co., will sent on a speaking tour. campus; however, several universi- speak on the topic “War Time and Lt. Hamilton has entered flight ties have sent parts of their units to Post-War Time Equipment” at 9:45 training at the University airport Eort Sill OCS. Those universities tomorrow morning. The ^losing adunder Lt. Comdr. Erflest G. Vetter have sent ROTC men to OCS dress, “Extension’s Responsibility
are Ohio State, Kentucky ail'd Mich- Today and Tomorrow,” will be given igan State. by Director H. J. Reed.
point in the battle for the south Pacific. The squadron’s fighting, area included Guadalcanal, the Solomons
and New Guinea.
Hamilton, who was decorated a number of times for gallantry, re-
cation, farm family living and adult and child clothing. Poultry, agronomy, dairy and animal husbandry will be discussed in the agricultural sections. The meeting will continue through the after-
noon.
The County Extension Agents Association will meet for initiations this evening and will continue with a business meeting tomorrow morn-,
ing in the faculty lounge.
C. W. Jones, merchandise super-
pilot and author of “Death Was Our Escort,” a graphic account of Ham-
ilton’s exploits.
Hopes to Return to Fight After receiving his wings, Hamilton hopes to return to the war zone as a combat pilot or as director of a PT squadron from an observation plane. He will have served in both aviation and PT squadron work, two of the most dangerous and fascinating phases
of the Navy.
The convo, which was arranged by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will be open to the public and there will be no admis-
sion charge.
Reamer Club Pledges Charles "V^lvistler
Don Gault Dan Pliske
■Joe Goldsmith
Bob Baker
Vance Lockhart John Anderson
Bob Childs Bill Berg
Bill Burroughs
Ed Goetze
Paul Zmola '
'The Pursuit Of Happiness' Will Open On Playshop Stage Tonight At 7:30
Playshop’s first performance of the season, “The Pursuit of Happiness,” will begin at 7:^0 tonight; tomorrow’s and Saturday’s siiows will start at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Last night’s dress rehearsal went off with few hitches. The costumes are especially well suited to the period of the play, the Revolutionary War days. Incidentally, the costumes fit the personalities reasonably well, considering that they were furnished by a leading costume house. Marge Thoms and George Sykes as the romantic leads, went through their paces with finesse, and Marge particularly looked and acted the part of Prudence Kirkland in sfnooth style. George reciprocated in thick-voicefl German technique as Max Christmann.
PEM 9 Classes To Meet As Usual Although army, navy and PEM 12 classes have been suspended, PEM 9 and other physical education classes will meet as usual. Professor C. J. Mackey, director of the department of physical education for men, has announced that any absences from textbook courses in PE will be counted as cuts. When physical training classes will be resumed has not been announced as yet. There ai'e still some cases of influenza app^ring on the campus. Meanwhile, the students roam the campus with long faces, wishing for the good old days.
Scene from “Pursuit of Ilappiness”, which will start in Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30.
Air Force Honors Former University Engineering Students Capt. Walker M. Mahurin of Fort Wayne and Lt. Robert E. Armstrong of Fort Wayne, two former University students, have been added to the roll of Indiana men who have distinguished themselves in action in World War II. Lt. Armsti’ong, a freshman engineering student in 1941 and now with the Fifth Air Force, was awarded the coveted Distinguished
Flying Cross.
The award came about three weeks after he had received the air medal for meritorious achievement while participating in aerial flights in the southwest Pacific area. Captain Mahurin, a chemical engineering student at the University from 1938 to 1941, recently became the leading ace of the Eighth Air Force in England. He is credited with shooting down 11 German victims in 57 missions. Capt. Hallstein Tells Of Desert Some of the unusual phenomena to be found in everyday life at a training center on the California desert have been recently related by Capt. D. Wayne Hallstein, B. S. E. E. graduate in 1940. Capt. Hallstein is a liaison pilot attached to the field artillery. He tells that though everyone sweats no one gets wet due to the instant evaporation. It is a freezing experience to take a shower in the heat of the day for the same reason. Shaving soap dries so fast onO must ply the brush along with the razor. “ Although the norihal temperature in the shade is about 138 degrees, at night everyone crawls under at least two blankets. RCA Sponsors Film On Radio In War Radio’s dramatic part in this war is emphasized in a new film, “Radio at War, sponsored by Radio Corp. of America in cooperatidn with the communication branches of the Army and Navy. The film will be available for release to schools, colleges and civic organizations soon
after January 1.
The 24-minute sound film tells the adventures of two typical American brothers who leave high school to join service, one the Army Signal Corps and the other the communications division of the Navy. Training camp routine, actual maneuvers and authentic battle scenes of an invasion in the south Pacific highlight
the stoiy. (,
Educational and civic groups may obtain the film upon payment of
transportation charges.
Damon To Speak At Bedford Meeting Prof. C. E. Daninion, director of admissions, and Prof. H. B. Hass, head of the department of chemistry, will be the piiiicipal speakers at the Lawienee County Teachers’
Institute to be held in the Bedford jQ|« ^ RommerS
High School auditorium on Satur-
day.
“Educational Trends During the War” will be the subject of Dammon’s talk, while Hass will speak on “War Research and Post-War Living.”
announced until later^
The Winter Carnival, besides stressing winter-time clothing, will have many types of winter sports present at the dance. Among them are an Igloo Passion Palace with Love at a Premium and also a Snowball Throwing Contest with the SDX- pledges serving as targets. The idea for the last event is for those who have grievances
against the world.
More Yellow Paper Needed Telegrams have been pouring in from all over the country. Besides these ballots, which only count for one vote apiece, the book storey have announced that they have run out of reams of yellow paper. Other reports from around the campus have indicated that students were busy over mimeograph machines all
day.
The way the ballottmg stood at 6 last night in rough figures when this paper went to bed was as fol-
lows:
For the Queens of Snowflake, Northern Lights, Icy Mists, Shimmertng Skis and Silver Skates the names are as follows: Martha Lee Riggs 22,000,000 Dusty Rhoades 8,500,000 Rosemary Oesch 6,400,000 Maggj^ Grotnes 5,500,000 Vaughn Twins 5,000,000 Marion Lively 3,300,000 Pat Harding 2,160,000 Marge Libert 2,000,000 Carolyn Wilbur 1,850,000 Jean Gibson 1,400,000
For the Kings:
Mike Kasap 4,200,000 DickButsch 3,900,000 Bill Cross 3,600,000 A1 Lindskoog 1,400,000 Jack Swantz - 800,000 Gabby Elias 600,000 Jack Heinz ' 450,000 John Woolling 300.000 Eddie Timm 250,000 Ballottmg ended last night at midnight and SDX promises to announce the winners Saturday morn-
ing in the Exponent.
Ten University Grads Receive Commissions Ten graduates of the University have been cominissioiieil second lieutenants of field artillery upon completing the field artillery candidate comse of the field aitiUei'y
school at Fort Sill, Okla.
They are: Lt. Charles V. Graft, Jr., Lt. George W. Starr. Lt. Arthur E. Peltosalo, Lt. Heiiiy V. Taylor, Lt. T. L. Ethernig'ton, Lt Richard C. Sleepei, Lt. Charles O. Knue, Lt. Harry G. MacDoiiald Jr., Lt. Sinclair J. Hoffman and Lt. Carter E.
Porter.
Lts. Graft and Stair have been assigned to the field artillery ofliceib’ replacement pool of the replacement t laming center. Fort Bragg, N C. The other.s have beep
assigned to Fort Sill, CMvla.
. . . of the division of ediicationul leference of the University will be in New York this week as specujil consultant to the Adjutant General’s office, division of personnel, research and occupational analysis./
V 4'
Page 2
Purdue
^ Thursday, December 9, 1943
Purdue' Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Cditoiial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone i^ftcr' 10 p m , 5377
Editor Bu*im€«?s Mnnrper News Editor M'lnaffi iR Editor bports Kditor‘1
R'i>mond T
I Ill's Murphy Mary DiUs W iHiam H Tvsim (.nrohn Milbur rinith llubSiU M Lipea
Publinl-ion Sta‘f
Edilin-I
Assoc ite Editors Tncl Ablrtt K Ih M Ford Madelyn A it .1... T .... 1 . 1 .. M > 4 \ .. June
Grotnc
Acl in I 1 r ■ KntN H \M.s SerMcc StnfT M‘ J cl Al lurr I
1 Rid
il \cUi 11 1!
t \ Men
^ 'ini ^MUh i I (
1 I ln« 1 CO Fncdman K tl t R 1 Rikci
Busi'iess Staff
Adscrtismpr Matiapcr C I Giiint Assistant Ad\rrtjstng Mamfrcr Ucttv Maney Circulation Manarcr R G Sauerman
Sfaff For This Issue
Niprht Fditor ^bhrlt Cit\ Editor CMtTIC'S T 1 c Ldil I Reporter ^ i Flit rial 1 1 Hi 1ki H lind Ml (.1 fclaf Pholorraplici
Dny Editor Mann Sports ] ditor V Garbei Ml ler Coct 1 i\ncs Van I i<.\\ 1 ( 1 I St 11 b( ij, Iius \ j I ( c 1-.C on Mditin ^\ C lolber
Entered as *second class matter at the post ofFice in Lafay ette Indiana uni r the act of Contress of March 3, 1879 and at the pcci il rate of i Oo ice piovuled for in section 1103 act of OcH il 3 1)1 authon/td January 20 1922 Publi‘?bcc on Ti ‘•da\ Tlurslav and Sf t irday morninffs during the \Lai cx It c itnii vacation period Delivered daily by earner f r 1 for i s m st i by mail for $1 GO for a s m ^LT Sul cri i)ns n v I U lined at the Exponent office or at tht. Wc t Dc 1 oi the Di icn Reprcsei ted for r a loi al advertising by National Advertls ing Sen Ire t 11 e F illi hers Representatives, 420 Madifaon Ave New lurk N Y
Our Thanks . . . Since the Exponent is the voice of the students, we would like to take this opportunity to thank the executive committee, service officials, and any others concerned for granting an extra day for the Chiistmas vacation. The Unneisity officials hold the students’ interest foremost, which was shown by the fact that appioval of the extra day was given without hesitation when woid was leccived that the naval aiithoiities would cooperate with the Univeisily in extending the vacation if the Univeisity appioved of such a plan The faculty should especially be thanked foi totally agieeing on the extia day even though some of them will have to remain on Fi idav to hold classes We, the students, should show our appreciation for this favor by cooperating with the Univei sity in anything they ask of us, no matter how small oi laige the favor or the act of citizenship might be
yetliei in Aubtialia, and if the Sibeiian base sound-off
was pait of then strategy
Ifficiency Wif’hout Roosevelt Ihe difficulty of carrying on executive functions while the President is out of the United States was illustrated 'iividly dm mg the Cairo conference Assistant Piesident Jimmy Byines and other White House advisers felt it was necessaiy for the Army to
GRIN AND BlAR IT "" ■ii.ninriifttii
By Lickly
Profi P. S. 'Spoils' Emrick Announces New Csdet Officer Li$l For Mililciry BatKl " Appointments and promotions of
cominis^iojned ^nd non-colfi-missioned ofliceis of the Uriiveislty
Companies scheduled to visit the Symphonic Band foi the cuuent semni • mestei were announced by Prof. \he Cartel 0,1 Company, Tulsg, “Spotts” Emiick, directoi of
OUa-Decembei 9 Inteiested - bands, this week
EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists (BS,MS,rhD) Zenith Radio Corp., Chicago, 111 —Friday, Decembisr lo. Intel ested
in BE
Corn Frodhets^ Refining Company, Argo, 111 —Friday, December lO Interested in diaft exempt men, and
Capt R J Reed, executive! OfB-t cer, again heads the staff of six commissioned officers, which Includes First Lt J H Andeison, detail officer and military officer; Lt (jg) J A Shaw, assistant tp the diiectoi and Bvt First Lt; SeePnd Lt R A Chapman, personnel offi-
women With BB, MS, 01 PhD. in “f’ J / Chemistry or Chemical Engmeei- ^
J Bonner, band librarian
ing
Eastman Kodak Co., Rochester 4, , Non-Commissioned officers in the
N Y-Date of visitto be announced later. Interested m EE, M.E..
ChE, Chemistry, Physicists, 4-F f ^al Sgt J L Sheltort, band quaimen, and women m busmCss admin- t^rmastei, Technical Sgt R F. istration, accounting statistics, and ^ execMtw^
officer. Staff Sgt A R Balitz, con-
women with secretarial training Sign in Personnel Office by Friday,
December 10
cert master; Staff Sgt P. WWheai, assistant to the supply offi-
qiis WAS«»T0M
Tm Ktq U S P.t Ot<w
MERRY-60-ROUND
By DREW PEARSOM
Knox Si^ggesl’s That' MacArthyr May Be Hogging Victory Credit; Sheppard Asks Less Censorship WVSHIKGfO's—Seilclaiv ol the Navy Knox htTid conic hlntciin comn enl on the Navy b han dlnit, of van s it closed dooi pow wow with the Hou c Vop opintion (oinmittce lecently Plain 1 ilKing Lepic^cn i1i\t Haiiv Shcppaid of Califoi nid who ]ic idcd it tic mtLlin}. i used Cam about the iijinic ion o( Il itiin iIl v u stones as well as uin 111 ailed 11 vs n the elc u ince ol news leleascb Sheppud 1 seited tli it the best \ iv to make blue the pn )' c (lid not ) ene\e the h< s ot Axis piopagand ist'- was foi the ..,ovcinme it to ^nc them inoie facts ibo it con b L (ic\elopmc its The 411101 ic in public can take 1 S! ejip id s i d—the I) ui news with the good He also shaiph e’ltici/ed the withholding ol stones iion tie 1 ttlc tioi) Joi li i pc lodb heloie then 1 clease IS of Cl ilU ip))io\edl\ Is lv^ censois It was biou^hi out tl it me news dispitdie hid been held up roi )X n nil u 1 m u rfou bein., leleased Ihc pi die cntillco to kicw whits gome, on, both on the 1 title md die luoduetion fiont’ s ud Sheppaid III ih In itlei the N iv\ itscll stands to ben^h in i nm Id ei d nd iiilellifCnt public 3 el itioi-- po ]c\ I ! \c no doilil th it mins stones have been ceisjicd v i h would ictLcL ..leit cicclit on the “ple idid loli 11 \ iv\ doiii! m this wai Krox didn t a ‘cnipl lo defi d IN ivj censorship lit readilv admitted tint tlicie wa phntv of loom (oi improvement but said he had aigued wifli Navy brass hats until he vv is blue m the lace about the suppression ol v ai i' is with little success I ni a lu a sp ipci man he said and Ihtrefoi c am a film hche ei in tivin* the public the fae*s He also agreed that the Navy would piolit bv i moie above bond nets policv eiting is an example the insignihta it notitts the N iv c had letc.vtd in leporls of the fiigotiug on New (lUinea \dniiral Halsey had shone bnlliontlv in tlu t opei atioiis Knox cteelared but vva"- b..relj mcittioncd in \'niv di patehes irom General bougHs V ir Vrthui s hc.uhjuai teis The Naiv ‘^ec’-etaiv didn’t diitellv <barge that MatAithur w'- tivin,.. to liOh the eiedit foi vietoiies in the South P leiiic but he left little doubt in the miii'b of fi c eominiftee that this was what he meant His branch ol the ■-trvRt was p“ihaps loo modest, Kno-* lemirltd He pioiri td ilu eoinmitfee that he would rattier in Kt i i)tr--()nal investigation to detei mine what lelorms could made to unpiovc the
Navv s piess lelatioiis ^et up
MacArfhyr, Lodge Campaign lh( dine tin MiiAithui loi Pie^-idcnl and Sena loi ( ibo Lodge 101 Vue Picsidenthas bioughtsomc mteie tmg ic ic ion leeoidin., to t \\ Mefoiinick
n fii I pu lu poi sc 1
McCoin ei cut out b 000 leitci-, to Hepubliean fl iiHKi n 1 Ji cal le i ici ill o\ci tne ci i liv About ■)t I 1 pi I i\ w tieei leecnid ill ol them fa VO abli le^culmg Mae jithui but not all ^o stion„ loi I I dg A „ood mini icjciicd to the \oung Sen aloi s 1 lino 1 ^laidtathei Hcni\ G ibot Lodf,c Si
Room 263, Union Tower Room, Union Eliza Fowler Hall
Hall of Music
Room 263, Union
intent on then game that the plane had to circle seviial times befoic the held was cleaied When the plane landed. General (lark stepped out and demanded ‘ What s going on here’'”’ ‘ A ball game, sii ” explained one of the juiiun oflieeis with a trembling voice He expected nothing
less than a court martial
Ihe Gciieial looked sternly about the field “Who’s
plajiBg’’
11 s the otliecis of the Fifth Armv against the enlisted men ’ he was told I’m an oflitcr of the Fifth Ainij ’’ said Claik and then without a change ol tone. Will jou let me play,
too*'”
The ollieers and men grinned I he tension was broken and the ball game was lesumed—with a new re-
cruit
NOTE In Italy howevei Geneial Clark has no tunc foi spoits—noi foi visitois lie wiote fiiends in Washington lecenlly ‘ I am plagued by official visi tois Don t they lealize that I am fighting a wai not conducting a toiuist agency’ ’ Latest visitoi was Seeietaiy of the lieasuiy Heniy Moigenthau
Capital Chaff
While the United States foi leasons of policy, is withdiawing fiom the Aigentine market, John Bull is still plugging his old slogan in Argentina-;^“Bu> Bntish This slogan is featured in British magazine adveitisemeiits in Aigenlina even in viaitime len days beloie the White House announced that lapan would be shorn of its ertyme, newsman J
, . ,r , I 11 1. J Kingsbury Smith wiote foi American Mercuiy, “The whi ipset Milsons peace plans 1 he\ commented ^ ^ .. .. , , , V 11,1 11 ^ Amei lean planneis intend that she (Japan) shall give that vouiif Lod„e Wt s too much like Ins giandlathei v i / t.
Met onnick ii> waiting loi moie leplies and also tell
You’d'feel low, too, if you were at the awkwardl,ge—I’m too
take ovci ceitain leather factories working on gov- old to write Santa Clause, and too young to get fancy presents eriiment oideis, but under the law they had to have from men ”
a Piesidential order So they cabled the President hDR cabled back piomptly, giving them the order Howevei, Maui ice Latta, executive clerk of the White House, lefiised to accept it He declared that, undei the law, he had to have the President’s signature A cabled oidei was no good Anyone might be able to forge a cablegiam, Latta said, but nobody could suctesfully foige the President’s signature So seizure of the leather factories was held up until a written ordei was rushed back bv plane from Cano NOf^E—On the whole, it is remarkable how elfitienlly most executive matteis are handled even vvhen the public has no idea the President is out of the
country
|@sse James' Friends Rcpiesentative Fiank Boykin of Alabama pioud possessor of the spurs Jesse James woie vvhen he died, may not know that acioss the aisle, on the Re publican side of the House chamber, sits a man who IS distantly idated to the famous Missouii character He IS led headed Representative William C Cole of Missoni 1 Cole’s giandfathei was a second cousin of Jesse James’ inothei ' Not long ago Cole was appioached by a cattleman at a livestock meeting at Columbia Missouii The stiangei said he was from Clay County, Missouri, where Jesse James lived ‘ Is it tiue that you aie a lelativc of Jesse James''”
he asked Cole
‘ A veiy len ote relative ” icpliecbthe Congressman “Well it’s nothing to he ashamed of,” said the cat llein in ‘hoiks in my section aie light pioud ol Jc'-se And weie glad we have a lepiesentative in Coiuiess who has shown some of his hghting spiiit ”
Gesi. Clark Plays Ball
Some months ago before hghting got so tough in the Meditciianean theatie Lieut Geneial Maik W Claik was icliumng to his hcadqiiaiteis in a plane and as he appioached the field, saw a baseball game
in piogicss below him II is stiielly against oideis ,, „ „ , , , ,, , , l^ccture On Glass bijim 1 Pi Sigm i Ni to play ball on a landing held but the men weie so tiomi Physics Honnuy Sicniy will spon
sor a popular lecture Glib Us liistoiy mil
Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, cer and Staff Sgt M D Reed, pubN Y —Tuesday, December 14 In- ^ ® tz- c tr a terested rn ME Sergeants include K R Han4y,
in charge of percussion detail, R. F.
Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, g J Bonham, Wis Friday, December 17. In- charge of quarters detail, L D terested in ME and EE Jones, in charge of equipment de-
tail, and G M Hoffman, in charge
^ These companies are not sched- of chan and rack uled to visit the campus, however, corporals Named
they are interested in students for
employment
Eleven corporals named are R W Fioelich, assigned to headquar-
Ken-Rad Tube & Lamp Corp, ters office, G L Knight, supply de-
4 OOP M 4 00 PM 4 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 8 00 PM 1 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 7 SOP M 8 30 P M 7 30P M
Thursday, December 9
Film (ROTC) Battle of Russia Room 211, Coulter Hall
Committee on State of University
“Town Gills”
Playshop Production
Convocation—Ballet Theatie Society of Professional Engineeis Friday, December 10
Film (ROTC) Battle of Russia Room 211, Coulter Hall Service Show (service men only) Hall of Music Wai Savings Room 212, Union PIA Dance E & W Faculty Lounges, Union Playshop Pioduetion Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, December 11 Sigma Delta Chi North Ballioom, Union Playshop Pioduetion Eliza Fowlei Hall
tail, L Minnen, assigned to music libraiy, H M Durbin, assigned to music libiary, R R Augsbuiger,
O’Brien, E Bian
key, equipment detail, L G Ell(iibaiger, quarters detail; A S Tavenoi, publicity staff, J F Rettberg, technical detail, and E F Baines, drum major R E Phillips is lance
corporal of the quarters detail
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Notices
WBAA Schedule
Alpha 7eta B ibincss m ctinp Ih iiscHy Dec ) ]i4 ro m 2bl of tho llni n it (
p m
SH^R^^ GOD
10 10
10 f
11 00
11
Alpha Clu Rho All Alph i Th Rhos in the service uc isk It) till 1(481 iny tim Ic twcfn December 1 tj 11 oi c mt t ^.8 W Lutz — flOLMLS Dolphin All utivts meet in i m 10” f the iScfdhoiibe Ihurscliy Dtc ) it 0 J
Student War Council Mcetinj? Thur d i> Dec ) at p m in the Student Union offie
WOOLLING
1 55
oO-
Itb Ust to be kiven by Di K I irk H rovitz Ihe place of mectint will be the main Ice turo hall loom lOi of tlu I hvsie Buildme, it 8 p m on Monday December H Illus tiations will bi eiven with art ins fr m vauous heal collcetions ind with lump i ul slides Inin the Struben Divjsu n jf th Cornint. Glass C Ihc \anous exhibits tf lare art {h s will b (pen t( Liu puhh in loom 104 at 7 JO jr m WbNDLLI Lutherans Su iday dcvoli nai will h I elk December 12 at 7 0 p ni in the We t I ac ally I Ul oC )f the llnion lb t)pie ind dibcubbion will be led by Dick Wulli c
-MATUILWS
Sem* Term lumor iMirscs Aides Call fa yoi r cdtilieal of woik at PIA fhee u > day fn m 4 t DU SSLIN
PIA Board Dcccmbei 10 Omicron Nu
Monday Dee 1. loom thud flooi
Meeting at ” 1
Convu Ushers
tonight
m I rid ly — PEHULE
Initiation aid ban lut t n it 0 30 p m in dining of II L building
—SHIVLLY
Be at Music Hall it ( 10
-KING
^hursdny rnda>
Nrwa Newb
Smile lime—Smile Time 1( dented Clubs— Newspaper and Magazine Article Wutmg —I lof
J II McKee
Moi nu g Matinee
' Puiduc NtWb Puiduc News
Jl —News—News
12 00 I urn Pjcum Fiim ronim 1 Mtcl tlu Bind Meet the Band
1 —News NeWs
00 H nu Mikeis Club of tlu An II( me Makers Club of th Arr 1 L Musu I isUn While You Work 1 JO Science Review 1 1j M irkets M irkctb
News—J'lews
Stmy a Day—Stoiy i Day 111 Apt thccari freibury St ii
Parade
ireasure Chest—Music 2 55—News News
3 00—Symphony II ill—Afternoon Melodies 3 I-)— lodd Giant Gets the Story J 30— Mubie il Varieties
4 5 — Ni ws News
4 00—lea lim Tunes—Tea Time Tunes J 40 Just Relax Just Relax
4 ^5 News News
0 00 Little Misb Muffott Little Mias
Mullett
15 D{ ree Martin singer—Maimes on
the An
40—Vcspeis Vesp rs 15 Music—Sperts Review ( no—MinuU of Pnytr Minute (f Prayer r 01 Iho Dinner Hour—The Dinnci Hour ( 5—News News 00 Chineb( Stones—Chinese Stones lo—Chinese Qiustions aid Comments— Memoues of the Masters uU Tlu Navy Band—Memoues of the
Ma ters
1 Music—T day s China 5 Di imati/ (J Ntws Dianiatiztd News 8 1)0- Scientific News—WBAA Barn Dance
Owensboio, Ky—Interested in M E , and E E Sign by Decembei 10 Socony-Vacuum Oil Co, Pauls-
boro, N J—Intelested in B S or peicussion detail, R F M S Ch E Sign in Personnel Office chan and rack detail, G
by Fiiday, Dec 10
Shervvm-Willrams Co, Chicago, 111 —Interested in B S Ch E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Fridry, De-
cember 10
Placement Notes For Women Smith College announces 12 fellowships for graduate study Applications must be made befoie the 1st of March, 1944 These fellowshrps are offered rn the fields of the arts, educatron, zoology, etc Anyone interested may obtain further information from Placement Service for Women Lieut. P. E. Lull on leave fi om the speech staff at the University, is seiving as ad visci to Ihe Target, weekly publication of the tiaining division at the Laiedo, Tex, army an field Lt Lull has been at Laiedo toi several months serving as instructor of gunnery iiistiuctois
Rifle Practice No iiflt ii icticc t day Houscii scheduled t sh >ot t It> can make up piaclice iny night next week ALI I N University Town Meeting Iheic will be i special gathciing of the Univcrbity lo vi Meeting on Thursday December 9, at the Wesley Foundation. Topic : How To Eliminate Racism Here and Now". Please be prompt at 5:45 All invited. WLNDl LI
Classified
Ads
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam
8 1 Beyond Victory What‘S— H 40 From the Press Box—Mubic 8 45—Mibu:—Music 8 N( ws—News ) 00 Musicana Musicana J 30— The Road to Fear >—Anything But Swing 9 55—News—News 10 05—OIF THE AIR—OFF THE AIR
Try An Exponent Classified!
jMidudnt&h
FOR CAREER-MINDED WOMEN • Tliat bright future you’ve dreamed about—College education pins Gibbs
Uaimng insures til
SPECIAL MIDYEAR COURSES
BEOIN FEBRUARY 14
Riglit now smart girls from 147 senior colleges who want more than i tern porary stopgip job are training to become Gibbs secietaries Hundreds of permanent well paid patriotic positions are open to Gibbs trained college women ivho need nevei fein competition For catalog address
College-Com se Dean
3(j[dAxL;LLnje^Qjl£J^
MMKOn
TODAY - FRI.. SAT.
ROBERT LOUISE AlLBRlTTONf ▼ uidi oiAMA nmm WALTER CATLETI ERNEST ALAN GEORGE DOtENZ RiCfiABO ^ lane REX INGRAM 1^
HEW YORK BOSTON 16 CHICAGO II
230 Park Avo 90 Marlborougli St 720 N Michigan Ave
I
in^, tho c ivho wiitc liim to get busj and oii,anize MacAithu) c]u)j‘A t oou niuin politicoc Cf in the M le A.ithui Lodge tune th( liiddcn ) itid <1 Peiuis\ Ivaiiia s Joe Pe\\ as pail oi 1 IS ] i Sion to toji Will! le Met oi iniek is an old 11 lend nd cS ociatc cl Pew nut lues not lai 110111 him ni Peiiiis^ 1\ai la He enipliatieallv denies, hoi <1 that 1 f w IS I chind his mo\e 1 atoiul (dlic lu ol \oung J od,.e aie cspeeiallj jm< ( t( i in 1 1 vIi(AitliLu nook uji in mow of the spei I i( iiiuu lolloiMiig his lelLiin liom Austialia 111 i I II li 1 ( b! tl (I 1 u 11 loi not gi\ iiig this founliy hi I ‘-I (111 Hi indicated that MaeAithui liad told 'nil i mill ( 11 \iiiciiean five could be saved "it we ! I till ( I I (s Laii 1 it (k \ loj (d ill it J 0(1 c anJ olliei Senalois liad {.( < U ( Gluli d Tlu shall the Chief of Staff Ijtffic h -pedl u (1 Musliill had Maiiird that \ie could 1 t ' Lt iJ )tijc,n I isi two w(tks even if Pus bia },<■ 0 t cm to i !(( lu of J qian s pioxinnt\ Also Mail hill !(dJ idei i ot lo nu ntion the inattei beet LU e oi ciilaii d lieatc (jiu tions thin undei dis cuh'-ion Howevei Jjodgi \(?iit ilif 111 iii^wij Senatoiiil (Olkaguts UK now windiim^ whitlui lodge and MacAithiu woiled out a deal on jiolities while to
up eontrol oiei all ol North China, including Man-
ehuiia, that she shall withdiaw Horn Korea and r> , a
„ Money to Loan—On diamondb witches
the island or loimosa The State Department euns luggage typewukrs Aibtits Loan frowns on Spamsh Kepiiblieans in Mexico who want Columbia lo foini a Con.mittee ot Fiee Spam That was one Typewriters—Adding machmes all makes
rented repaired and puiehastd Mimco
leason they kept the Lojalist Minister of Education graph woik done c p Ebeishoif goo Mam
Lafayttfe Phone ^779
— jf—
Lost—Billfold (ontaifting liLciK es etc Re Bun to Kail Schukcl i 403 Waldi n fcit oi
phoi t ()28U uipoit^ R^aid
Wanted—A boy to w(ik it the Ainiort from 5 30 to 8 p m Must be able to duv(_ cai Apply Puiduc Unnn Lafctciia Office Party who exchanged hliic hngci tip coat foi blue ov rcoat tiidiy cv nine at C Ifcgt Inn icstauiunt pka&c call 45202 Ask foi
Somers
eooling Ills heels in Seattle lor so long He wanted to etoss the U S A to Mexico "T. R/s'^ Grandson At the close of the Atlantic City Relief Confeience, the head of an impoitant foreign delegation remarked “I his IS the fiist international confeience in which the Ameiican delegation was haid to get along lyith ” Noimally U S delegates especially when hosts ol a confeience make themselves readily available to foieign delegates, especially to chief delegates This paiticulai chief delegate of a powerful Latin Amciican ally called the hotel room of U S Dele ^atc Dean Acheson got young Kermit Roosevelt on the phone Roosevelt giandson of “'T R ”, is an as sistant in the Slate Dcpaitment ‘ 1 would like, an appointment to see Mi Acheson,”
said the delegate
“What do yon want to see him about''” asked
Roos( veil
“I felt like sa\ni„’ commented the Latin Amen can delegate, ‘ I want to see him about the weather’ ”
lost—Mans Hclbios shock piooi \\'iUh Round lose coloicd <Jiul Diik blown itrip Phoiu 3301 Roland SuHon jfrumpet tcnoi and alto bax man wanted Ph< nc (6015 afLci 5 30
Lost—Blown bilifpld ’’f f )und ictiii n t I oil , Giant
vith Gary addiess .an 14ng,}?b 146 N
Lobl—An Kiua stoic iin^, with sm ill jjur loundinj, acttinj? ncai Clicm annex R(li tfttion bulldinfr (9t Hcnvilon Hall lust I iiday Rctmn to Hcavilon Hull main office Re
Wild
Will pay cash f )i 1940 oi 1911 automohiU convertible club coupe bcdanette Jose Dosumuntes I atm Amciicau Qioui) Umpn buildint, 81(1
ARC
TObAY and TOMORROW
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
SLACK MARKET RUSTLERS
— with —
ii^4
RAY (Crash) CORRIGAN DENNIS MOORE MAX (Alibi) TERHUNE — and —
RITZ BROTHERS — in — "HI, YA, CHUM" — ALSO —
— PIUS— LATEST PATHE NEWS
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. HOY ROGERS' 1
^ $
t X ' t X ^ ^
f ‘ /*
Navy9 Marine News
Thursd($y^ December % 1943
For Service Meh, By Service Men
f'l
Page $
Milk ioi^fle, Field Stripping (Restricted) FM 15-6!0
Trix by Koetfing, Fix by Toffbet
Proper Method of Preparing Bottle, Milk-Lunch and Breakfast, M-1943 For Action; Shown by High Speed Camera.
1. Pull Pin
2. So What!
3. Misfire
4. First Echelon
5. Mission Accomplished
ASTMen To Attend [~sId5ineShots jMajor General J. L Collins ■ M Army men on the campus were astounded and elated when the news m m ^ ML * w M P m Ww about the discontinuation of PE classes leaked out seems there’s an ^ m » ml m. m A — 1 R.
K6ceiYe$ New Appointment
AST men will go individually to attend the convocation tomorrow night at the Music Hall and will return to their barracks fifteen minjutes after the program is over Attendance will be compulsory The featured speaker is Lt (j g ) Edward T Hamilton, who has recently returned from the Pacific thea-
tre of operations.
Lt Hamilton entered the navy two years ago as an ordnance officer but was soon transferred to PT boat squadron The work of the PT boats has been sp effective against Jap supply lines that it is considered one of the mam factors in the turn ing of the tide in the Pacific Having fought on the land and on the sea and having been deco rated several times, Lt Hamilton has been letmned to the United States for a speaking tour He hopes to complete flight training and then letuin to the battle as a combat pilot or PT squadron leader The convocation is to be open to
all without chqige
Army men on the campus were astounded and elated when the news about the discontinuation of PE classes leaked out seems there’s an over abundance of nasty flu geims floating about bleSs the little things—they accomplished what Doc Miller’s excuses failed to do and with a lot less trouble Also the Army, Navy and Marine basketball leagues were forced to suspend operations temporarily for the same reasons Maybe part of the lay off can be traced back to Monday night when teams in the ASTP league battled each other in a smoky murk so thick the opposing teams were debating the use of radar m locating
each others whereabouts
New commander of the Fifth Service Command, covering
Service Men Gel A-1 Priorities In Vacation Travel By Madelyn Grotnes Whether our Christmas vacation will be limited to one day or ex tended a day or so the last minute rush to the bus and tram depots will, nevei theless, occur on that joy
ous day
The task of transporting some 6000 anxiQug students to their des tinations must be fulfilled by the insufficient means of transportation offered by the regular schedule of trains and busses Special trains to Chicago and Indianapolis have not, as yet, been decided upon What with troOp movements and service men coming home on Chi istmas fur loughs the chance for special trains IS very slim, so don’t place your bets too high on some extra trains Advice to Civilians Civiliaps please take note—buses 1^111 ^gain give A1 priorities to sei-v ice men But they too have a limit
the states of Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky is Major General of blood plasma were administered ..... ... ... .^.,......6 James L Collins He was recently appointed to succeed Brig
the fog bank, incidentally, was produced Gen John M. Eager, who had been acting commanding general ^ h f h oy some experimental bombs being tested m the Pieldhouse After following assignment of Maj Gen Fred C Wallace to an un- tLV agreed to pay bLk^the wards many a player complained of raw and achrng lungs and burning announced post ^that had saved them And throats It s tough enough playing basketball in clean, fresh air, much According to the Camp At- reported in use by the Kussians for last week in a body they went to
less in a smoke filled gymnasium
Tom Harmon attributes his amazing return from the interior of Japa served since May as German use against planes is donations
nese infested territory not only to the Chinese underground, but to the endurance and fighting spii it he developed playing football
Director of Administration of
apparently new, according to the
All plan to make another donation
in three months
AST Men Will Attend
report
the ASF and had previously in using it m an warfare the
Here’s some interesting dope condensed from Prank Menke’s “Ency- been commanding general of the enemy apparently hopes to fire clopedia of Sports”, which, incidentally, is a splendid book to consult on Porto Rico department bombs at our craft from positrons sports history Angling has a bigger financial output per year than Ruling World War I he was arde out of range of our ships’ arnra
any other activity for approximately 45 million dollars any individual Pershing and also served ment with the momentum of the D«IUl TamUUI could buy out professional baseball if you got it, bud, nows your secretary of the general staff of bomb expected to carry it towards D3II6T tOnVO 101110111
chance basketball with around 90 million fans per season tops the ^EF Later he led a battalion - • ™ ^ -
of field artillery in the Meuse Ar
gonne offensive
Secret Weapons ... A careful study and analysis of
attendance records of all sports Mr Menke also gives some interesting data on gambling odds for instance, the odds are 158 billion to one against getting thirteen cards of one suit in a 52 card deck in craps the invisible percentage against players and in favor of the house is 1 40 With each cast of dice faro, with the odds only 2 per cent against the player, is considered one of the fairest games—so fair, in fact, that most
In Hall Of Musit
some of Germany’s so called “se- massed clusters by our Flying Fort
our formation The bombs may be exploded by time fuses or by aner Old aiffivated fuses which explode the bomb when it falls to a given
altitude Special aiiangements have been “Silver Fire” recently reported m made whereby AST soldrers may at-
ed capacity* which they can handl^ Better start saving those gasoline stamps and tuning up the jalopy if it IS still in existence Conti aiy to opjnions undoubted ly formed by now this article is not intended as a dissuasion to your ex pected tup but may it act as a warning to what you will be up against
gambling establishments have eliminated it wheels of fortune and cret weapons,” including the rocket ress crews after one raid are ex birdcage games average about 15 per cent against the player as usual gun, by the War Department is re plained as white discs, apparently the numbers racket offeis odds of 999 to one to all likely suckers ported by the Camp Welters Long- of phosphorus
WHEN IT’S COLD AND WINDY OUTSIDE, ORDER YOURSELE SOMETHING HOT TO EAT, AND WARM UP IN THE COFFEE
SHOP
EAT FOOD THAT IS DELICIOUS AND NUTRITIOUS QUICK SERVICE MODERATE PRICES
JPUL fiWldjUSL TyismurdaL lAimtL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
pinball machines fluctuate, but some odds reach astronomical figures in poker the chance of getting a royal flush is one in 647,739 the house percentage in roulette is around 5 and 5/19ths slot machines run anywhere from 40 60 to 10 90—guess in whose favor the Irish sweepstakes winner will triumph over odds of 400,000 to one while a prize
winner has odds of one in 2 000 to sui mount
Wednesday evening saw the formation of the ASTP bowling league under the able direction of Capt S Naismith team rosters include such names as the Sad Sacks Eager Beavers Block Busters, Gutter snipes Maple Splitters, Barnyard Bums, Dewey’s Dodos, etc Cpl Donald S Woodburn was elected Secretary Pfc J A Kramer, chairman of the rules and regulations committee, and Pvt William Wellborn was
elected as chairman of the scheduling committee
cipally the ME 109 and the JU 88 The rocket cylinders are earned un der the wings, in addition to the
ship’s normal armament
All persons desiring to contribute articles or choice bits of sports information to this column are earnestly invited to do so Especially wel-
come will be ideas on promoting new spotts programs (tournaments, etc ), New Use Described novelties of any type, experiences, challenges, or what have you Although the rocket gun had been
We are the
I
Official Representative BOOK-OF-THl-HOPH
CLOB
Latest fiction at considerable savings in price through the "club” purchasing plan. NO COST TO ENROLL ‘ Let us explain how simply the plan works . . . to save you money on books you would probably buy anyway at regular price. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
AcroB3 from the Union Building
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W. ‘^oc” Epple, ’40
^^Stop flicking those fans! 1 canU light my Sir Walter Raleigh^* NOTHING BUT FANS whenever smokers try this suggestion clean yoiir pipe regularly, and keep it filled with mild ’n’ mellow Sir Walter Raleigh After your fiist pull ot fragrant Sir Walter, you’ll know ill a flicker that it’s extra mild, extra choice, extra cool. Txy”lhe quality pipe tobacco ofAmetica ”
SIR WALTER , RALEIGH PIPE TOBACCO Smokes as sweet as it smells UNION MADB
tend the ballet which will be presented tonight at the Music Hall The men who wish to go, and have a social recreation card, may go The Ballet Theater which has as its motto Russian Ballet for American Audiences ” is woild renowned and has attracted crowds from coast
horn No Glide Bombs Reported The rocket gun is being used in Remote controlled glide bombs two ways against bombers—on the have not been reported in use ground and in the air In the for against aiiciaft but have been used
mei method it is used with anti against surface targets Although to coast This is a ballet which is ail craft artilleiy and provides a they have a relatively small wing Ameiican in oiigm and is successmeans for projecting a veiy powei area and theiefoie an extiemely fully tiying to bring concert danful shell to extremely high alti high wing loading they do no leal cing out fiom its ‘ highbrow” auditudes gliding However dnection of fall ences to the general public
In the an rocket guns or propel- or glide is controlled by the remote lents have been included in the ai- means The bombs have impact
mament of interceptor planes, prin fuses
Debt Paid . . .
An unusual “debt*’ was paid off recently by 18 marines the Marine Corps Chevron lepoits—in blood The 18 had been membeis of a file fighting crew battling a 16 000 acie blaze in California early this fall Trapped and severely mjuied they weie rushed to Camp Lockett General Hospital where quantities
Notice
Service men, have you a Qhnstmas package to send home’ The Activities Bureau will help you with shopping, wrapping or mailing your presents home Drop in at room 356 of the Union or call Activities Bureau office between 4
and 5pm
Buy War Bonds
Don’t say Yearbopk, say DEBRIS!! SaviL. 50 omJtA, and. Swf IjouAA. %ow! $3.50 before December 12, $4.00 after Buy from Any Salesman or at West Desk of Union Mailed Any Place in the United States for 25c Extrat ! i*- 3-
' “1?
/r
Purdue Exponent
iThutrsUdyf December % 194^
iveters Will Play Initial Hardwood Tilt Saturday
I Former Boilermaker Stalwarts Tangle With Greencastle Team
f'^'Piggy Lambert’s twenty-seventh edition of the Boilermaker
basketball team will open the 1943-44 season against a strong WAA News :^1Pauw Pre-Flight team from Greencastle, heie, this Satur- volleyball shedule dfiy night. Univeisity Women’s Athletic As- ^ Although the starting lineup for the Boilermakers has not sociation volleyball is scheduled as l^n definitely announced, Lambert did name a group whom shown below The wmneis m each »i expected to see most of the ’'“ec *.ll play Dacsmbe. 17, the
a^ion this Saturday night Lodge, Friend and Haag are tiypbably assured starting assi|nments for the opener, ^ile the other two starters be picked from Kennedy or ]^-^azier at center, and Hoffman, florn, McPherson, Walley oi
l^hienk at the othei positions In a move to deteimine the memIj^tiwever Schienk, Walley and Me- beis of this yeai’s swimming team, Iverson all have colds and, although Coach Dick Papenguth has aiianged tfe^feir condition is not seiious, they an mtiasquad meet foi this SatuiWill probably see less action than day afternoon The meet will be — . „ th^ othei s in the Pieldhouse pool, is sched
uled to stdit at 3 30 and will be
Boilermaker Swim SQuad Rounds Into Winning Condition
intiamuial contendeis will play De cembei 22 Class games will start Decembei 29 If all membeis of a team aie not piesent the game will
lie f01 felted
Dec 9, 4 4 30 p m —Alpha Chi Omega vs Waid I, Kappa Alpha Theta vs Alpha Xi Delta 4 30 5 p m—Delta Gamma vs Phi Mu,
Waid II vs RCA Wood
Dec 10, 4 4 30 p m —South Hall vs Kappa Kappa Gamma, Waid III vs Noith Hall 4 30-5 pm—■
Two Lack College Experience
Of the ten men named only two ^he public
Ikck previous college experience The Big Ten Confeience swim I^dga, Haag, Kennedy and Fiiend ming schedule leleased late Piiafl aie formei Riveter plaveis, day afteinoon, calls upon the Riv Lodge and Haag stalling on the eteis to compete in moie meets than ilb^efeated freshman team of last any other confeience team Stait ylar Fraziei hails fiom South- mg with DePauw on Decembei 18, western of Kansas, Hoffman comes th® Boileimakeis will compete m frbm Shuitleff College, Schienk eight othei dual meets and one tiipiayed foi St Joseph before com angulai meet besides the Big Ten
ifag to Lafayette, and Walley han- championships
4^64 the ball for Central College Two of the nation’s top teams of Missouri pieviously Horn and Ohio State and Michigan aie on uicPheison have had no past expe- the Boileimakei schedule DePaul, rience in collegiate ball Wisconsin Noithvestein and Illi Gieencastle Pre flight, which pio nois aie the othei teams that the vldes the opposition in the initial\_^apenguth coached team will meet contest for the Boileimakeis, will The wai has made many changes
perhaps be one of the toughest assignments of the yeai The Flyeis, cOpched by Lt Eveiett Case who turned out several state champion
1 tW'fiig Ten swimming piogram Although the same amount of meets as theie weie last yeai will be played befoie the Big Ten chain
ship teams at Fiankfoit, have had pionships the championships will the advantage of playing in seven take place on Febiuaiv 19 at Noith games alieady They numbei western instead of the middle of among then victims the Hailem Maich The championships have
Globe Ti ottei s one of the outstand irtg professional teams of the coun try Then onlv loss was a thiee point decision to Wisconsin Greencastle Boasts Veterans The Gieencastle lineup includes seveial m,n who have had previous college expel lence Outstanding among them aie Russ Wendland formerly of Noithwestein Ed Sa dbwski of Loras College and Cai tier, a 6-2 “bov who previously had pfayed with Marquette Lambeit whose Riveter quintets have aveiaged better than seven victories in ten staits ovei a span 01 26 yeais faces the problem of oveicoming the handicap of a gen eial lack of height paiticulai at the all-impoitant center post, but early dulls have indicated that the current squad will have consideiable
scoring power
been cut down fiom two days to
one daj in older to conform with western
Phi vs Ann Tweedale
Dec 16, 4 4 30 p m —Alpha Chi Omega vs Kappa Alpha Theta, Alpha Xi Delta vs Ward I 4 30 5 p m —Delta Gamma vs RCA Wood, Ward II vs Phi Mu j
Cancellations
Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock noon Decern ber 18 Cancellation cards may be obtained fiom the heads of departments These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible by the head of the depaitment in which the subject IS given Ihe cards should then be hied in the Registiar’s Office
—DEAN OF MEN
Pauw
Jan 8—Ohio State here Michi gan A A C championships there Jan 15—DePaul here, Michigan at Northwestern, Wisconsin at Min
nesota
Jan 22—Ohio State at lilichigan, Boileimakeis Wisconsin at North
the Navy rule that prohibits Nayy peisonnel from being absent fiom then stations more than 48 houis at one time Two schools Chicago and Indi ana will not have teams to engage in dual meets with othei schools However they will be lepiesented in the Big Ten meet at Northwest ein by individual swimmeis The schedule is as follows Dec 18—Boilermakers at De
Ml
T~r;
Trainees Cart Attend Eight Home Games
To clarify the use of social legis tration cards for basketball games by AST trainees, the following in formation has been released by Lt James Andiade, regimental leciea
tion officer
Trainees with social lecieation cards will be admitted free to all home games which thev aie peiniit ted to attend Trainees who do not have cards can secure a season tick et for the home games foi ^8 A1 thougl:\ the schedule lists 11 games tiainees will only be able to at
tend eight
Wives and giil filends of train eefs who attend games will be ad ipf^ted for 55 cents when tiainee h^^a social leeieation caid If date is^ student she will be admitted fii^t with trainee upon presentation o4_j)asspoit The admission puce iot all single games is itl According to a memoiandum is sued by Lt (jg) Lee Somnieis lee leation offieei foi the Naval Tiain mg School, the above infoiniation also applies to the sailors and nia lines In addition the memoiandum stated that tickets may be obtained dally in the Pieldhouse fiom 0800 to IbJO On game nights tickets will be on sale fiom 1800 in loonr 108 noitheast eoinei oi the gym nasium Unless othei wise speeihed all basketball games will begin at 1930 and be ovei at 2100 Engineers Society will meet tonight at 8 in room 263 of the Union to heai Di 3 A Estev, head of the histoiy de ppitment, discuss “Economic ( on triderations in the Post Wai I'lan
Grandstand Echoes By Ray Smith Intercollegiate basketball will make its first appearance on the campus this season Saturday night, when Lt Everett Case brings his potent DePauw pie flight five to the Pieldhouse The fact that the season IS at hand is made evident by the announcement of Piggy Lambert of his tentative varsity squad —GE— Positions on the 23 man squad are divided quite evenly among the civilians, marines and sailors on the campus On the list are 11 marine V 12 men, seven civilians and five V 12 sailors Seven membeis of the squad have seen action on Boilermaker hardwood in previous
years
One of the seven is not likely to see any action however, as Jack Swantz, a senior letter man, told us yesterday that he will go foi induction into the army on Decembei 17 He was scheduled to graduate from mechanical engineer ing at the end of this month and would have been available foi only the non conference tilts —GE— Should Ore basketball team be as successful as the football squad, the experts will not be able to give the credit to some other schools, as theie are only three on the squad who have won major letters who are V 12 transferees Fiom the looks of early sciinimages it seems that an all Purdue team will take the floor in the game next S ituiday
Boilermaker Mafmen Boxers Team Coached
Preparing For Eight Meets On Schedule Coach Claude Reeck’s new wrestling squad is steadily gaming the needed experience for the rigorous eight meet schedule booked for them this season The Riveter matmen will be host to such visiting schools as Indiana, Northwestern, Wheaton College and Illinois, meets on the road will see them pitted against Michigan, Northwestern and Ohio State Completing this yeai’s competition, they will journey up to Evanston for the conference meet at Northwestern on February 19 Some of the aspirants for positions on the grappling squad are Lieng, weighing in at 121 pounds, Johnson at 128, Armstrong and Nettesheim at 136, Guthrie and El me at 146, Copple and Hungate at 155, Griffith, Sheppard and Poitei at 165, and Heisch at 175 Nettesheim IS one of the few experienced membeis of the squad, hav ing placed as runner up in last yeai’s confeience meet Reeck is still looking for a prospect in the heavyweight division, none having lepoated as yet It looks as though the Associ ated Press has conducted another poll and has foi gotten that the Boileimakeis had a team this yeai In its All American selections Tony Butkovich was placed on the sec ond team and Alex Agase on the thud squad
By Beers, Champaigne Are you interested in boxing and training under Beers and Champaigne? Well, then come up to the third floor of the Fieldhouse some afternoon after 4 pm. and sign up fw the Boilermaker boxing team. The Riveter coaches, Jim Beers and Neil Champaign, offer any one interested in the fistic sport this opportunity. All that is required to get in on this treat is that the applicant must be — willing to learn and tram hard vemence if it can be so arranged, as well as show a reasonable in- The squad will consist of eight men,
terest in the sport
weight classifications 118, 127, 135,
It really is a treat to be able ^45, 165, 175 lbs and heavyweights,
to tram with Beers and Cham-
paig’ne for they have twp of men fiom last yeai's team, all who the finest records that one can ask are out are assured of a good chance for Jim Beers was a Golden Glove of getting on the team ' champion in 1938, Lafayette, and Those students who were interhe participated in several Golden eg^g^j jjjjg ^it of fisticuffs recentGlove bouts 111 the championships jy paiticipated m one of the most at Kansas City that year While successful mtiamuial tournaments serving as a physical instiuctor at University The the LaPoite (Ind ) YMCA for a tourpament, besides giving some exyear following his graduation from tiaining to the men who paithe University, Beers gamed much fjcipated also gave some slant on valuable experience fighting as an gf ^j^g
available for the team this year
Postpone Edition Publication of the Purdue Engi-
amateur around Chicago Completed Alaskan Tour
Niel Champaigne, a first class petty officer in the Navy and a PE instructor for the electricians sta tioned here recently concluded a uggj f,g delayed one week due one year tour of Alaskan camps fg punting difficulties, it was anwheie he put on a senes of boxing nounced by Robert Fischer, editor, exhibitions under the auspices of The issue regularly scheduled to the Navy In his collegiate days, come out yestei day will appear next Champaigne fought for Minnesota Wednesday Practice sessions are held daily after 4 and at the individuals con Trv An Exponent Classified'
Jan 29—Riveteis at Michigan, Ohio State at Noithwestein Feb 5—Noithwestein here, Iowa at Wisconsin Feb 12—Minnesota at Iowa, Noithwestein at Michigan, Boiler makers at Illinois Feb 19—Big len Confeience Meet at Noithwestein Purdue Relays have tentatively been scheduled for March 18 and the Chicago Relays for March 26
BY FRANNY WILLIAMS Back again Ihis time with more news of what’s new—here, there, and everywhere You hook worms, and any othcis who like to read now and then, or inayhe you want to give liooks for gifts—University Book Stoic has them all Being official representative lor the Book-of-the-Month Cluh gives them the latest and best m fiction and othei wise Games, theatre, music, ct rjuette, humor, tragedv, current events, collections of short stoiKs and plajs—just anything And for voui kid hiotheis and sisters, there arc those from Mother Goose to stoiics of our fighting ships and planes—all at University Book Store
I hose luscious new peachy satin pajamas down at Gablers are really neat—pi iced at S9 95 and %10 95 T hej come in two styles The quilted pockets and (ollais gne just the right effect lo suit corn whims and fancies, there’s a wide selection of colors—hluc, rose, led, acjua and pin pie Blouses, dickies, collais, scarves, hantlkci(liicis, socks, and other accessoiics can lie pui(hasetl very leasonalilc at Gablers lake a look toda\ In step with the linns, Southiioitli s Gift Shop has a wide selection for the sci\ice man —^ gilts lor anti from tin service man Navy, ainiy, marines, and navv and army an eoips (an eacli find something loi them in the wav oi jiwehv, tirere ai( comiiacts, lockets, imgs, hiacclets and lapel pins 1 01 the army, those lo(k(t lings aie swdl foi a small [iictuK ot yotii hest gill Wilting poitlolios, service (hams, shield Bilihs, po(ktt games, photo gia|di allnmis and don’t loiget the shaving, sewing, shoe polish, and Initlon iiolishing kits loi kcijiing \ou and yoiii uniloini look in„ lln \( 1 \ In St
Biuwsin„ noiiinl tliioiigh the Palais Royal 1)1 mi,.hl 111 tii\ alti.KtiM aitnl(8 to mv attention 1 In \ liiM 1 isinhcig Oiiginals in jiweliy, eosiinlKs, and du^sis Sjicaking ol dresses, then (oll(,.( di( s,< ^ liji tin sjiol All hin s, paslels, and wiiiUi whites iiiav In loiiinl in (oiduioys, v( 1 \(N md r(l\(l((iis, wools, j(is(\s, (t( Ghv(r jiiiis and alti ntiM huttoiis add lo tin 11 (liaim While 111 lln Palais Royal, don I loigcl lo see all the othei )>ielly things Oh, m s, some veiy pie tty umliiellas e aught my eyt it yvas lain
ing Jik( it often dots aioinid inie
’Bye now, I’ll see joii aioinnl 111 the shops
in xl yse ( k
WARM ROBES GET A WARM WELCOME 4.98
A gift that’s certain to please—warm pietty robes. And we have a fashion full holiday selection foi you to choose from. Cuddly comfortable robes, pietty as they are practical, for cold mornings, for lounging, for company — m waim fabrics, lush fabrics. A gift for everyone — priced to please. SsamcL J-IorA.