n j
■luA
T ^ -v^ J U^ t^x, ^ ^
^'“1^ 'Ji*^-^ 'I*^i»”®**|f«“j;'’j‘w ».V,t >>!■,
Co-od Edition
Z-1tS
Foundod In 1889
^c^pjOHeM. § Doily$liico1906
Congraf nIotiofW f* HtW Co-od, Ft A OfficMf
Volume 52, No. 142
West Lafayette, Indicma
Thursday, March 20, 1941
Co-eds Pick McCulloch, Newton, Pidgeon
Dorothy A. Bennett Speaks At Annual WAA Sports Dinner Dinner Will Also Feature Installation Of Officers Tonight at 6 o’clock the Women’s Athletic Association will hold their annual Winter Sports Banquet in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Guest speaker on the program will be Dorothy A. Bennett, author and career woman, who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 19S0 and has been having a series of exciting adventures ever since. Miss Bennett has had a variety of jobs since graduation, ranging all the way from assistant curator of the Hayden Planetarium to her present position as promotion and sales manager for the University of Minnesota Press. Her main interests are anthropology and archeology, although she majored in English while in college. During her short career she has taken time out to write a bestseller, “Sold to the Ladies,” concerning the purchase of a dilapidated barge by two friends and herself. Copies of the book are on sale at Southworth's, and Miss Bennett will be there from 4 to 6 p. m. Friday to autograph copies. Friday afternoon Miss'' Bennett will give a special lecture on “Careers for Women” to all co-eds who are free at 2 p. m. Co-eds Of the Special Science School are special guests at this meeting, but all coeds [Who do not have classes are uiged to come to the Home Economics auditorium to hear Miss Bennett speak. In addition to the featured speakei, installation of officers, and the awarding of numerals and monograms will be on the program at the banquet toUight. Formal attire will be worn, while tickets for the affair are still available in the WAA office or from WAA Council membeis. Lab Group Will PresenI Three Plays Tonight Playshop’s Laboratory Group is presehting their second production tonight in Fowler Hall at 7:30 o’clock. These entirely student-man-aged plays are given to provide experience for novices in the theatre. Anyone interested in dramatics is invited to attend the performance and there is no admission charge. Three plays vill be given tonight. One, “Cradle Song,” is a project of the Speech" 60 class and is directed by Ann Pierce, Sc ’42. John Gilley and Josephine Stong, also juniors, will direct the other plays, “MarTiage Proposal” and “The Robbery.” Elizabeth Kissam is in charge of properties, Joe Smith, stage, and costumes, Pat Prigge. m.j.f.
To Students Registered'under Selective Service Act: Each undergraduate student registered under the Selective Service Act is requested to call at the office of the head of the school in which he is registered for a copy of the notice regardin|; classification of registrant^ in training or preparation issued by the National Headquarters of the Selective Service System. ‘ ^ Graduate students should call for copies at Dean Dukes’ office, and freshman engineers andspecial students at Professor Knapp’s office. Edward C. Elliott, President.
SXPONENT PHOTO BY ABCHIBALD
i—From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To ChiosKO Daily News Foreiarn Service. Ckipyrislit, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Germans Raid Hull Rescue parties were digging out numbers of dead and injured today following a devastating German air attack on the English port of Hull. The raiders used the same tactics that cost 1,000 lives in Liverpool and Glasgow. * * Its • U. S. Navy Af Australia A second American naval squadron, two heavy jsruisers and five destroyers, is approaching Australia, it was disclosed yesterday in Canberra. Two light cruisers and four destroyers are nearing the end of a visit. * * * • Navy Should Visit Singapore “After all, it is a long time since American battleships have said ‘hello’ to Australia,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington. “A visit there would hardly be complete, or even polite, without an excursion to Singapore.” )|t )|t ift o Divert Ships To Atlantic “American and Dutch vessels have taken over the responsibility of practically the entire Americanbound tonnage from this area,” radios A. T. Steele from Singapore. The British have diverted scores of vessels to the Atlantic. * ♦ * o British Near Nazis Not more than 100 miles separates massed Nazi forces from recently landed British troops reported moving north through Greece, according to a dispatch from Belgrade yesterday . * * ii< • 'Can't Dictate To Nazis' A German spokesman said yesterday in Berlin that “if some Americans like to think they are at war with us, then we certainly will not hinder them.” He added that “no one can dictate to Germany whether we are a$ war or not.” >|i l|< sH • British Need Aid Now If the current seriqg of destructive raids on British ports means anything, cables William H. Stoneman, it means that “whatever the United States is going to do to help this country, it must be done right Uow.” * * o Nazis Build In Spain Hundreds of the engineers who built Germany’s Siegfried Line have been busy for months in the Spanish area adjacent to Gibraltar, according to word from Algeciras. Inland, there are airdromes in process of building. Bridge Tournament . . . entry blanks must be turned in at the West desk in the Union by 6 p. m. tomorrow. Blanks are available at the Wfest desk.
Agnes McCulloch AWS University co-eds yesterday elected Agnes McCulloch president of Associated Women Students. Agnes is a member of Alpha Xi Delta sorority and a junior in the Home Economics school. She has served as secretary of the AWS this past year. Mary Ellen Scarff, junior science student and member of Chi Omega, sorority, was chosen vice-president. Mary Ellen was treasurer of the organization this year. Both the new president and vice-president are undergraduate assistants at the Women’s Residence Hall. Florence Croll, HE ’43, was elected to the position of secretary. Becky Ann Fervine, HE '43, is the newly elected' treasurer. Becky Ann IS a member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority. Class representatives elected were* junior, Jane McCouch and sophomore, Nelda Bsrrum. These newly elected officers along with several other appointed members comprise the AWS executive board which has charge of the governing of all co-ed students. The board also sponsors th^ annual Vocational Conference and May Day program, r.h.r. Summer School Offers Recreation Courses The department of physical education for women has announced that two three-day courses in folkdance and dramatics will be offered June 16 to 18 and June 19 to 21 for Girl Scout leaders. Boy Scout leaders, camp counselors, playground instructors, 4-H club leaders, home demonstration agents, and teachers of physical education in primary and high schools. Professor Helen Hazelton, head of the physical education for women department, announced that the teachers for the course will be Janet Tobitt, a graduate of St. Andrew’s University of Scotland, and Alice White, a graduate of the University of British Columbia and Smith College. Further information may be obtained by writing to Miss Hazelton. m.a.f.
Draftees Will Face Blitzkrieg In Midst Of Revels At Gold Pepper Pledge Dance
By Alice Chatfie^l
Drafting, blitzkriegs, and blackouts will be alternated at the Gold Pepper co-ed bid dance tomorrow night from 9-12 in the south ballroom of the Union. Even the Gold Pepper pledges will be drafted from
a glass bowl.
At 10:30 someone will be 'chosen from the dancers and will be blindfolded. He will then choose the pledges from large capsules in the
bowl.
Each couple will be' given a draft number upon entering the ballroom. Deacon Dunn, whose band is playing for the dance, will dedicate mu-
sic to the holders of certain num-
bers.
During the evening a blitzkrieg of black balloons will descend upon the girls and their dates. Invita^tions on draft handbills were sent out to get men between 16 and 82 who fit the requirements for the
dance.
Joyce Burnham is in charge of the program for the informal dance. Augusta Hite is in charge of selling tickets which can be bought at all sorority houses, at the residence halls, or from Gold Peppei* member^. a.c. '
Ruth Newton YWCA Ruth Newton, home economics junior, was elected president of the Young Women’s Christian Association yesterday. Ruth is a member of Alpha Xi Delta soTority. Bonnie Swope, Chi Omega, will serve as vice-president. The newly elected secretary is Vivian Peterson, HE ’43, and Alpha Xi Delta. Jeanne Weil, HE ’42, was elected treasurer of the association. A cabinet will be appointed soon, which along with the newly elected officers, will govern the YWCA activities for the coming year. r.h.r. Varsity Cast Named; To Be Presented In MdsicHall May 1,3 Announcement was made last night of the chorus and staff for the Varsity Show, George Ade’s “College Widow,” to be presented in the Music Hall on May 1 for students only and on May 3 for Gala Week visitors and the general public. All participants except the dancing chorus have now been selected. The show is in rehearsal and Lester’s ' Professional Costumers of Chicago will be on the campus from 12 to 5 p. m. today to take measurements for all costumes. Faculty directors of the production are: H. Kenn Carmichael, dramatics; Albert P. Stewart, music; William H. Deam, stage crew; Joseph M. Ragains,'band and orchestra; Helen B. Knight, dancing; and William A. Bodden, University financial advisor. Managing Committee The 16 students chosen to head the vdirious managing committees are: Marguerite Hans, dance assistant; Merle Keck, and Roger Lindsey, cast rehearsal assistants; Ruth Bryant, prompter; George Best, carpentry; Harry Smith, lighting; Mary Jane Carr, projierties; Virginia Lee Ruddell, make-up; Jean Fassnacht, costumed; Joanne Lloyd, head accompanist; Joseph Shepherd, chorus rehearsal assistant; Vernon Westburg, orchestra rehearsal assistant; Richard Buffington, chorus librarian ;Hubert Forbes, orchestra librarian; David Hedden, advertising; Sigurd Peterson, publicity; Myra McKee, tickets. A mixed chorus of 70 yokes will suppqrt the 22 lead characters of the play with a background of music gf the early 1000’s. Members of the chorus are Jeane Ruth Whitford, Carol Wattleworth, Gwen Hostetter, Alice Coe, Mqry M. Crane, Ruth Custer, Eldred Elizabeth Wagner, Ruth Foland, Rosalind A. Goff, Barbara Lahr, Ruth McDaniels, Betty Moorehouse, Mildred Owens, Beth Partenheimer. Penny Pennington, Ruth Ann Ross, Shirley Whiteman, Allen Atkins, Carol Bals, Helen Billeter, Pat Prigge, Ann Julian, Gladys C. Knauff, Beth McCloud, Patricia McLaughlin, Amy Meyers, Janet Place, Martha Owens, Prances Vaghan, Anne'Pierce, Eleanor M. Wiesman, Margaret Young, Lucille Seigley, (Continued on page S)
Mary Pidgeon WAA
Members of the Women’s Athletic Association yesterday elected Mary Pidgeon as president of their organization for the coming year. Mary is a junior in the science school and has been an active member of WAA, serving on the cabinet for the past year. - Barbara Ford, sophomore science student ,was elected vice-president. Ruth Walker, Chi Omega, and Jane Blank, Alpha Xi Delta, were elected secretary and treasurer, respectively. These new officers along with the newly appointed WAA cabinet will be installed at the banquet tonight. The new cabinet memjiers are: Shirley Johrison, archery; Monica Buergler, badminton; Gail Hennis, basketball; Nancy Cooper, baseball; Virginia Rapp, bowling; Shirley Emhoff, fencing; Marge Brown, golf; Eleanor Harrison, hockey; Evelyn Schuber, ping-pong and shuffleboard; Lucinda Redwine, riding; Gwen Curry, rifiery; Martha Rosencrans, swimming; Betty Galbraith, speedball; Mary Moffitt, tennis; Elizabeth Baughman, tumbling; and Opal Blagiave, volleyball. r.h.r. • ^ Prof. Hall Addresses Druggists' Banquet Over 300 retailers, clerks, wholesalers, and manufacturers in the pharmaceutical industiy attended the eleventh annual druggists’ business conference which was opened yesterday by Professor H. W. Heine of the University School of Pharmacy. The principal discussion, led by Dean C. B. Jordan head of the school of pharmacy, concerned the relationship of the pharmacist to national defense. Professor Russell J. Greenly of the education department outlined techniques for employee training. Other speakers included Ira B. Rothrock, president of «the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association; Dr. Prank B. Kerby of Chicago; Professor C. J. Zufall and Piofessor E. L. Kelly of Purdue; and Eugene N. Beesley of Indianapolis. Last night’s banquet featured a talk by Dr. Frank R. Hall who was introduced by Professor C. J. Klemme, toastmaster. The Purdue Men’s Glee Club entertained as singing waiters. The confeience closes today, ear.w.
On February 3, the Executive Committee approved excuse from penalty day, March 22, for all seniors in Chemical, Metallurgkal and Ellectrical Engineering who take the graduate record examination on Thursday and Friday afternoons, March 20 and 21, under the auspiecs of the Carnfgie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Students who take these examinations will be certified to the Dean of Men by heads of schools concerned. Only those who take all the examinations will be excused from penalty day. M. L. FISHER, D^m of Men.
PIA Elect Chairmen For Ward Distrids At General Election New Officers To Take Posts On Regular Board Eight ward chairmen of the Purdue Independent Association were elected at a general election yesterday. The chairmen elected are forward. Dale Martin, ME ’42; westward, Russell Bain, Met. ’42; hereward, Elton Johnson, grad.; southward, Felix Losson, Met. ’42; inward, Maxine Abshier, HE ’43; upward, William Gunkel, EE ’42; northward, Frank Suto, PE ’42; eastward, Frank Robinson, EE ’44. The position of ward chairmen is a job recently created by the revision of the PIA constitution. 'The chairmen will take their places on the regular board next month. Appointments for positions as ward social, political and activities chairmen of the association are due tomorrow afternoon, r.h.r. Mrs. Cunningham To Speak Tomorrow At Home Ec Convention Pour to five hundred professional home economics workers are expected to attend the Indiana State Home Economics Association annual spring meeting which will be held here tomorrow and Saturday. The role of the home in national defense will be discussed at the meeting. ^ At the opening session tomorrow afternoon in the Home Economics building the principal speaker will te Mrs. Minnie Cimningham, chairman of urban-rural co-operation of the Federation of Women’s Clubs, who will talk on “The'Defense Program and the Home.” Professor Edith Gamble, head of institutioQ management, and F. A. Burtsfield, superintendent of West Lafayette schools, will extend greetings to the delegates. Hostesses Fifty local professional home economists will act as hostesses at the meeting. The varioys committees are under the direction Uf Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the home economics school. Miss Lita Bane, head of the department of home economics at the University of Illinois and former associate editor of the Ladies’ Home Journal, will speak at'‘the banquet tomorrow night about the home in national defense. Dean Mary L. Matthews will act as toastmistress, and Dean Dorothy Stratton wiR extend a greeting to the delegates and Miss Evelyn Blackford, state vicepresident will respond. The closing session will be held Saturday morning in the Home Economics auditorium. The conference will close "with a lunchemx at which Professor Frank Hall, of the history department, will speak on “Where Are We?” a.c. Scouting Honorary To Hear Rob&rtsrm Dr. C. H. Robertson, known as “Big Robbie,” is to be a guest speaker at the open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary," thie evening at 7:30 o’clock ^ room 212 of the tJnion. “Big Robbie” will discuss “A Purdue Engineer in the Orieat,” a to^c which he knows exceptionally having worked several years in China. e.g.k.
*I '
I ‘ trf
v
'^t
S^aqu 2-Spo^
Thursday* March 20* 1241
fijunduiL £xpotuudL
Jimsth^ JoUl
Congratulations are again in order for the newly elected officers of the three major co-ed activities. To Agnes McCulloch, chosen president of the Associated Women Students of the University by vote of women all over the campus, Mary Pidgeon, head of the Women's Athletic Association, and Ruth Newton, YWCA president, we offer our sincerest congratulations. They have been chosen by their fellow workers to fill the most responsible places in their organizations for the next year because they have shown their ability to represent their activities at their best. The honor and glory that belongs to them today is accompanied by a responsibility to themselves, their organizations, and the entire University. To the girls who were not elected we extend regrets thilt there cannot be more than one position at the top for those who are capable of holding them. It is our hope that they will continue to contribute as much to their activities as they have up until the present time. The new officers need their support more now than before the election. With Agnes McCulloch at their head, Mary Ellen Scarff, Florence Croll, Jane McCouch, Becky Ann Pervine, and Nelda Byrum will direct the activities of AWS for the coming year. Their program will affect all women on the campus. Bonnie SwOpe, Vivian Peterson, and Jeanne Weil will act as chief assistants to Ruth Newton in YWCA. Barbara Ford, Ruth Walker, and Jane Blank are other new WAA officers. May their efforts combine to give them a successful year, eas Alpha Chi Omega Phi Kappa Sigma
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following members: Rosemary Anderson, Anderson; Phyllis Baker, West Lafayette; Mavis Dahl, Lowell; Marjorie Flanagan, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Betty Gray, Lafayette; Eloise Green, Lexington, Mo.; Betty Hutchins, Kansas, 111.; Mary Jeanne Hogan, Lafayette; Betty Learning, Romney; Virginia Keiser, Indianapolis; Becky Morrison, West Lafayette; Beverlee Raber, Newcastle; Shirley Whiteman, Cleveland, Ohio.
GAY WITH GIRLS . . . . ! GOOFY WITH GAGS . . ,
ORTH STARTS TODAY MMlieiU
,V,o ioscioates women them v/lth iove...and pn destroys them'.
Paramount presents
THE DOCTOR tiemno BASIL . ELLEN iOHN RATHBONE-DREW HOWARD
TODAY-FRIDAY
. . . announces the initiation of the following men: Ralph Scudder, Edwardsport; Gordon Montague, Worcester, Mass.; Emory Bryan, Indianapolis; William McKee, Glencoe, 111.; Clinton Sowards, Bluff ton; Paul Terstegge, Louisville, Ky.; and John White, West Lafayette. Following the initiation banquet held Sunday, Tom Parlon, alumni advisor, presented architects’ drawings and plans for a new Georgian style chapter house to be built within the next several years.
t'he Ratia^ 3.93 > m m tO 1
Co-^eds sebin to be taking over this Week-enil so hold tight eds because anything is liable to happen with a '‘Draft Ball” and all thoee WRH pins around. Speakin'g of WRH, a'blond whose initials are Jean Niewold has added to her hardware by taking a Phi, Kappa pin»from Joe Simons. To whom it may have- concerned, the Cole sisters returned a couple of sparklers just before Christmas, so their campus activities are sttictly on the up and up. ATO’s Cramped The neW national ATO ruling about passing out pins puts a cramp in many a fair youth’s style, specifically Jack Silvers who DID have quite a claim on Gene Taylor (How did that Gephart get in here ?) Tommy Peppier breathes a sigh of relief as he once more emerges to enjoy the balmy spring weather, after a siege in the hospital resulting from June Spry’s potent treatment for a slight throat ailment. Take it easy, June. Birds and Bees Spring seems to bring out more than the birds and bees, and it affects individuals differently. For instance H. L. Freyn gets the biggest kick out of gazing at his lovely countenance as he does his daily sprucing up. On the other hand Ralph Fisher and Pat Crown give forth in the last row at the movies. Oh well, “every one to his own taste,” said the ed from the South campus as he kissed the cow. Betty Hegele . . . HE ’39, was recently interviewed by Ilka Chase on the radio program “Luncheon at the Waldorf.” Miss Hegele, who is serving as textile specialist witlr the Pequot Cotton Mills in New York City, contacts larger retail stores throughout the country to piesent the story of Pequot products, as well as addressing consumer groups on the problem of buying Pequot sheets.
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 HITS
CASSIDY’S BLAZING GUN WRITES THE LAW!
Clarence E.Mulford’s 1N OLD ICOLORADO fMfunne WILLIAM BOYD A Paramount Picturt with I Russell Hayden*Andy Clyde ALSO
Willi FRIEDA INESCORT PAUL CAVANAUH HEATHER AN«iEL
The ^th Colmmi
It seems that the defense prokrftih is tfhiinging everything. Even the old adage of March Winds and April Showers.” Nofv we’re breezing right along through a Windy March into a drafty April, when the April Draftees will march. (!!omplicated but effective. Everything’s going patriotic no'^Vdaye. All the 4ellows in army clothes and all the girls in military dresses. They’ve even found a way now for the kids to be patriotic. By refusing casto^ oil so they can use it as a lubricant in Airplane motors. * * * Why don’t they go all the way in giving the kids their chance. By restricting the spinach eating. >t< Ik * The British put one over on the Germans. They’re delaying the German diplomatic mail fr(^ Cairo several weeks. To keep the Germans in the dark as to what’s going on. Maybe they never heard that old slogan, “The mail must go through.” It’s certain that the Germans know the one “The show must go on.” Anyhow the whole thing Sounds like a case of “blockmail” to us. Up in Minnesota Governor Stassen has made a proclamation. Accurate weather reports must be published from now on in advance. That’s all right in Minnesota, but it couldn’t work in Indiana. Where you have to be clairvoyant to know whether
The Purdtie Exponent
Entered an aeeUnd class lUntt^r St tUe CffiCc in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the siieoial rate of itostose provided for in section lf03, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regUlar academic year and weekly during, the SUnuner Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, udil sub-
scription $8.60.
BdUor-in-Chlaf. Business Manager...
„ B. Mr. Donahne Meric Hakemcyer
Publication Staff News Jiditor. .J. H. McKee Associate EditbrSi Nf. A. Ochiltree, j, A. Pn>v% L. W. Buffner, R, M. SkallernU, J. L. ’Traui^ott -- ^ Ousineis Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Langlemajer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Beektenwald. Co-ed Staff , Editor .... ... — -.Kdh 8im)Aon Associate ^itors: B&ry Kay Miller, BuUi l^e, l^nnk Siesa. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. AdUtoso'n, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4009; Butinesi 5038; Sporfs Z79i Beptesented for national advertising by Mational Advertising Service, Inb., College Publishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This likue Night Editor: Miller Ass’t. Night Editor: Fox Night Sports Editor: Siesa Staff: B. Bose, A. Chatfleld, C. Flannigan, S. SleSSer, J. Bamsdell, M. Boynton, C. Wood, P. Howard, B. Barson M. L. Losey.
to wear a rain coat or a straw hat to your 8 o’clock. * * * Chicago News headline sure scared us. - ^ NAZIS RAIN DEATH ON HULL. They couldn’t fool us again though .. . ’Cause there ain’t no RooSevelt, England. —bah
'Taste Tesif Exhibit On Display In Music Room Until March 28 Until March 28 on art exhibition will be on display in the Music Room of the Memorial Union building entitled, “Test Your Taste.” The exhibition has been prepared by students in the applied design department and Robert Parks, director of art activities at the Union. The exhibit has been arranged in the form of a quiz. Catalogues include a score card,so that visitors to the show may choose from pairs of objects and arrangements on display, those which they feel are the better in taste, color design, and so forth, j.d.s.
More than 600 rural California physicians are supplied with current scientific literature by the University of California medical school.
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
WES ODALIfY BAKERY
Well, fellows, we just got some hot news through the mails on what you all will be wearing this spring, if you want to keep up to the minute in your fashions. Even if you don’t, some of you will be relinquishing your wardrobe soon. —wTw— New colors will be browns langing from champagne to cognac. Gabardine is taking the fabric lead but covert is being shown . . . coats are growing looser and looser. They are the longer length with a loose fitting back. These long coats are vfery battering to most men . . . shirts will shine out in solid shades in tan, brown, green, gray, sand, canary yellow and light pastel blues and in stripes both narrow and wide. —wTw— The men are going patriotic, too. Red, white and blue motive.is being shown in ties, diagonal stripes and checks; white shirts with narrow red and blue stripes; red, white and blue striped socks, pajamas, suspenders and garters also show this infiuence. —^wTw— Hats are using the two color scheme this year. The crown is lighter than the brim . . . tr3r one and see if your friends will notice the difference. —wTw— Co-eds—^how is the jewelry situation with you ? Some' of the coming trends are: several strqnds of pearls
that hang well below the WAistline . . . heavy gold bracelets are being shown with tailored suits In general, one’s jewelry should be so planned that it will suit the costume so well that it becomes a part of the costume. —wTw—Stripes are playing their part in the fashion parade. They are being shown in suits, dresses and coats. Both the men and women will be wearing them, but the women are a little ahead of the men in the wearing of stripes. Lots of white stripes of various, widths will be seen. —^wTw— Moie jewelry. We are ^oing back to the days of our forefathers for costume jewelry infiuences. There are town criers, compasses, clocks, lanterns, door knockers in pins of gold or silver. The thing about all this is that they do work, all except the clock and it opens for pictures inside ... The Puritans are influencing us in other ways . . . Demure dresses with soft white collars and short capes are a carry-over from those days. —^wTw— Until more fashion comes our way—good dressing.
A bust of Stephen Ciollins Foster composer of AmericaU folk songs, will be unveiled May 27 at the University Heights campus of ' New York university.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
WITH CHARLES BICKFORD JAMES CRAIG ALSO
'Winners of fhe West" — ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
Serial
DOUBLE HORROR SHOW
THE, GREATEST OF THEM ALL! It's Creepier end Chillier than Cemetery oil a Foggy Night.
IT WILL TURN YOUR BLOOD TO ICE! BORIS KARLOFF as THE APE — PLUS — Si^jiister Oriental Murder Myktery! The Phantom of Chinatown with KEYE LUKE
NO SISSIES ALLOWED
NOW SHOWING — THRU SATURDAY — tWo first run Chillers
COMING—A GIRL A GUY AND A GOB|l *
U f
r ^ «' i'll' • ^*- j '’V . 1-7 ■"
PjmillUL ^tfo^kJuiL
ThuSidciy-i Moreh 20« 1941
fie^u
NtfticM
“ColIcKe WJdow*' Casts Line rehearsal for all members 'Wednesday, March 19, at 8 p. m. In £:i!& Fowler Hall, and Tliursday, Mareif 29, at V :1& it. m. —KECK Wesley Fonndation: Boiler skating party Friday, llareh 21, at Maple Point. 'Meet at the Foundatioi) House, 486 State St. at 8:80 p. n]^ for^ ^t^rtainim^t. Adtnissic^ price will he 8Q centil for hoys, 16 cents < for girte. ^GILBERT
Lutheran ^indents: Meeting Thursday, ■ March 20, at 4 p. m. in room 808 of the Union for a discussion. —MEZOFP
Pi Tan Sif&ai^ Important meeting Thursday, March/2d, at 7 i30 m. in room 830 of the Unloh. All members be present —WIST “College Widow" Cast, Choruses, Dancera, and Band Members: Report without fail fo Fourier. HaH some time between 12 noon and 6 p. m. Thdrsdajc, March 20, toi Costume measurement. —DEAN PIA Bisnee Class; Advanced class will meet Wednesday, March l^at 7:80 p« m. Beginner’s class will meet Thursday, March 20, at 7:80 p. m —HUMPHREY All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA bang^ March 20 may get them at foe WAA oOlce or at sorority houses. —iraSTOVER.
To Whom It Concema: Ail lost and found articles in Senate office must be daimed by Thursday^ March 20, or owners lose rh(ht to claim them. —LAWRENCE
Varsity Cist hfairted
(Continued from page 1)
Gertrude Anne Arnold, and Betty Bay. Men in the chorus are John Coster, Oakley J. Gordon, George E. j^amilton, Dave Hedden, Charles M. Hoskins, Eiiward Loseff, Prank McCAughey, Edward Sopcak, Robert E. Mangum, Ogden R. Pierce, Charles Powell, Dale Ray, Donald Sinish, Glenn H. Whetzell, C. Robirt Wright, Daniel E. Sullivan. Bill Weinbach, W. P. Simpson, Jim C. Chase, Richard H. Buffiington, Clare Beeler, Robert E. DfePuy, R. J. Eastman, Walter Hanson, Patil Harrington, Jack E. Lowe, Sigurd G. Peterson, Chester Riegle, B. 0. RoodhouSe, W. J, Rothenberger, Norman Spetner, James Bonick, Bob Bancroft, Jack Hopkins, and John Marks, m.k.b.
Bob Parks
All Senhw#: Plesse check sxmlling of your name for the tentative commenoement program list In the office of your sriiooL —Mjuey
I V EM Omega: Meeting Thursday, Mardi 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 2l2 of the Union Everybody out — —YATES.
All Stodents: Fassengsrs wanted to go to Detroit. Call 2722 and ask for lames VtterbBck, , ^ —TTTBRBACK. CjhyUtiaay Student Fdlowshlp: Meeting Tbnrsmur, March 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 807 of foe Union. —LONG. Silver Mask: Meeting 7:16 p. m. Mmch 20, room SOS, Union All actives and pledges please be present. —WEGENER
Intertraferntly Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursdey, Match 20, at 6 p. m at Alpha Chi Rho house -PETTY.
.. . director of the Union Puttering Shops, left yesterday afternoon to attenci the meeting of ihe Midwestern Art Association being held at the Stevens Hotel in Chicago. New trends in arts and crafts and their teaching will be discussed at the meeting.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Sat1 urday, March 22, by schools as follows < those whose names begin with A-E, room 101, Michael Golden Shops, F-K, room 254, Eleirtrical Building, L-R, room 129, Electrical Building, S-Z, room 201, Civil Building. , * —KNAPP.
.. 01id,«r C(ah: Meeting Thursday, March 20, 7 p. m. iff ipdfft 806 of the Union All those going to Frankfort be there. —KANE.
Riding CMb: IhiportCnt meeting Thurs*<407, B&ch 20, at 7 :S0 p. m in room 286 of the Union. —GRAHAM.
AWA ikxttMtiye Board: No meeting this week. —ZWIERLEIN.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 4 p. m. in office. Please be there. —BRYANT.
Scabbard and Blade: Bowling team be ready by 7 p. m., Thursday night All pledges be there with sashes and boxes. Roll call will be taken. Bowlers wear military shiris and black ties. —BLACKWELL
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewntexs, $29.76 to $69.69 Office supphes. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606^ Mam St. Phone. 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Minj $2,50 all night Phone 2407.
Lost: Small football shaped purse ward Phone 66612.
Lost: Delta Chi fraternity pm 4726 Reward.
Frosh tips off Seniorl
“Wflite goes with everythingV* Y OU'RE never stuck when you have an Arrow white shirt at your elbow, for whites are correct with every suit. We especially recommenH diese three Extremely popular Arrow white shifts for college men: Arrow Hitt: whose starchless collar is as crisp at nigfit as it was when you put it on. |2. Arrow Gordon: looks sporty for classes and dressy for dates. Fine oxford cloth. $2. Arrow Trump: hne broadclodi with a long wearing soft collaf. $2. Arrow shirts haie the Mitbga, sha{>ed to your torso, fit and every refinement of expert shirt making. Send a frosh out for these today. ARROfV SHIRTS
BOOK REVIEW By Jean Lauer Title—Sold to fhe Lddies or Three Girls Gn A-Barge. Author—Dofbthy A. BenMett PublisheriB-Stewart. Pfiee—$2.^0. “Sold to the ladies—a sikty foot, forty ton welding barge.” With these words, and for one hundred and sixty dollars, Dorothy Bennett and her companions-in-adventure, Ruhe and Gibhy, becam^e the captain, mate, and cook—^and full owners of an ungainly old river barge. They became the friends ^ind coworkers of the inhabitants of New York's mo^t notorious harbor district; they spent long hours at back breaking labor in order to transfbrm their purchase into a most attractive and livable houseboat; and they discovered unsuspected talenis in fhe scientists, artists, and editors who helped them tar, paint, and repair. Their good fellowship and hospi--tality endeared them to the sailing fraternity of Long Island Sound, who were at first amused and annoyed at the arrival of a barge into their select wAters. Here Ruhe, Gibby, and Dotty enjoyed all the luxuries of their yachtsmen neighbors without their responsibilities or cramped quarters—^for, they had one thousand feet of sun deck and a spacious, charming cabin. These, plus the swimming and boating from the deck and the glorious freedom on this salt water home drew countless friends and visitors. Dorothy Bennett has packed all her love of adventure and warmth of personality into Sold to the Ladies. This incredible story, told in a •vivid, rollicking style, is a lively tonic to any and all readers. On Sale At
HWgtCCK&WWyflllg
werr LAFAVST'
ipvi
Vichy Reports Hitler, i^reAcd Rift; Expect Nazi March On Spain I By Paul Ghali SFiclAL RADIp To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc Vichy, March 19. — Greece and Spain may see German field gray before England will, according to certain French quarters. Well-informed circles in Vichy are under the definite impression that relations between Der Fuhrer and El Caudillo (Spain’s chief of state, Gen. Francisco Franco) are not so good these days. It is pointed out that Hitler made new demands relative to the passage of Nazi troops through Spanish territory, and Gen. Franco has -once more refused permission. Whether under official instructions or not, Germans in Vichy state freely that Germany’s immediate aim is not so much an early invasion of the British Isles, as to weaken British resistance intensively by cuttipg lines of supplies and by heavy bombing of the British citadel. Watch Matsuoka Mission Meanwhile eyes are fixed on the journey by Foreign Minister Yosuke Matsuoka of Japan, who is coming to Europe for a two-month visit, going to Moscow, Berlin and Rome. Frenchmen here are not especially happy concerning the possible visit of Matsuoka to Vichy. They fear that such a visit might coincide with some neW demands concerning Indo-China. Soviet circles in Vichy are very outspoken in their assurances that Matsuoka will get no Russian pledges against Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek,’^ead of the Chinese government at Chungking. Hope For American Food With the outlook for food and
Get Your Style-Right Shh’tg ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Just a Suggestion-
To Those Who Enjoy Meals Out . . .
Plan a little formal dinner in the Chestnut Room . . . or why not invite several couples to join you in a special-occasion dinner party.
Just a suggetsion, yes, hut why not? Reserve a big table, dress up, and enjoy the pleasures of /‘Putting on the dog.” in the CHESTNUT ROOM
JhsL fijUAjdwL T/TsinwimL UniofL The Corner ^of the Campus— Yejt the Center of College Activities
medical supplies better, thanks to aid frdih Am^rfSa, and Spring15uds on the trees, Viciiy enjoys today its first real respite from domestic cares Sinc6 Dec. 18, -^heh Chief of State Petain dismissed Pierre Laval and-thereby drew German wrath. Mummy bandages of the censorship are now half unrolled, and the jpTess is discussing foreign afiairs* in a tone Unknown since the debacle last June. When Will Invasion Come? The great question of the day is: When will Adolf Hitler strike at England ? Former Vice - Premier Laval’s newspaper, Le Moniteur, gives front-page prominence today to a Benre dispatch prognosticating that Germany hiust strike within the next three months if it wants to finish the war in 1941. This seems to be the general opinion of French newspapers. Political circles, however, are convinced that Germany is in no hurry.
Poniliy Men Te Meet On Campus Tornwrow Hobart Creighton, of Wsfcrsavi', chairman of the Indiana Adviisory Council on Poultry Research, announced yestertey that the members of the council will meet here tomorrow to consider ways and means by which the organized interests of the state can stimulate the eonsumption of poultry products. At tomorrow’s meeting. Dr. J. Holmes, head of the poultry department, will review research activities, and other members of the research staff as well as other University departments associated with th^ research work, will meet with' the council, r.t.e. .
Massachuetts State college is seeking to change its name to University of Massachusetts.
SpiicmL Sjua. For All Points North FRIDAY and SATURDAY, 3:30 p.m. / CHICAGO—$2.95 Round Trip Corresponding Low Rat^ f6r Intermediate Points SOUTHWORTH’S Yankee Trailways Depot
Filial ExRm for telephones
T his electrical naouth at Bell Telephone Laboratoxies ia putting a new tel^hone to one of its final tests. Over and over, it can repeat these odd sentences without the est variation. They contain all the fundamental sounds that cost* tribute to the loudness of sound in our speedh. This mouth can also make tests with pimple tones of known pitch and intmisity. At the same time other telephones are being steamed,haked» frozen, lifted and dropped into their cradles by tireless machines. All this is part of a carefully planned cumcsuhim that makes every piece of telephone equipment prove it is capable of giving you the best possible service—under any and all conditions.
J.
■S {f. V,^Sfio/dA
Thursday, March 20, 1941
y ' ^ I '*' / i -«f
fijuMduM, £xtioiuud.
Boilermaket Diamond Forces Leave For South On Saturday Coach Dutch Fehring and a rather sizable batch of Boiler\naker diamonchr^n will start on their annual spring jaunt Saturday morning. The trip, which will cover about 2,000 miles of the sunny south, is expected to put the Riveters in presentable baseball shape for their opening tilt early in April. Niaeteen Make Trip
Nineteen hopefuls will wander down south along with coach Fehring, “Pop” Doan, Bert Sanders, and Carmen Hill. It will be the fifth such trip for Hill, who has been credited with pitching the Pittsbtirg Pirates to a pennant back in 1927. The Boilermakers will get their first taste of competition on Monday when they battle the Naval Station squad at Pensacola, Fla. Uncle Sara’s charges will provide the Riveters with some more exercise on Tuesday and Wednesday, and then the Riveters will leave for AuburnAla. Alabama Poly Alabama Poly will play host to the wandering Boilermakers on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
after which the travelers will head homeward. Four automobiles will make the ten-day trip and are expected to arrive back in Lafayette late Sunday night. Military Team To Meet Dot's Pill Rollers Tonight A bowling team of Scabbard and Blade men plan to blitzkrieg Doc Miller’s Pill Rollers tonight at 7 o’clock in the bowling alleys of the Union, according to Jim Blackwell, a member of Scabbard and Blade. The game will be' judged by the total number of pins which the teams knock down.
PURDUE RUOK
»»i SUPPLY S1URE presents the Author of “SOLD TO THE LADIES: The Incredible But True Adventures of Three Girls on a Barge” Dorothy A* Bennett \ Friday 4:00 p. m.—March 21st Come in and meet a colorful person who has climbed the Andes, dug up Indians in the Southwest, lectured at Hayden Planetarium and built a houseboat for a barge! SOLD TO THE LADIES $2.50 Southworth’s Purdue Booh Store
» ' the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a CoHege Education
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11914 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Line of Greeting Cards * University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 i R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone »2S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Jewelers
• Dairy Products
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 462)4
Dick DeGarmo To Head Yell Leaders
Soil
Links lingo
Tankmen To Swim Against Fort Wayne Tomorrow in Fort Wasme, thirteen Boilermaker tankmen will take to the water in the last dual swimming meet of the season. Swimming activities this week-end will be a tune-up for the National Collegiate meet whose date is scheduled for
next week-end.
Jack Carney, Dick Kratzer and Joe Williams, Boilermaker’s star splashers will help bring us home another victojry. With one moi4 win, we will finish off with seven victories out of ten starts, v.b. Aero Modelers Meet Sunday Afternoon The University Fieldhouse will be the scene of an indoor model airplane meet sponsored by the Aero Modelers’ Club Sunday. The invita- ‘ tional meet is open to all stick and cabin model entries constructed to the requirements of the American Academy of Model Aeronautics. Entrants fiom Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa include Joe Watules, holder of both Ameincan and Canadian indoor flight records; and J. K. Cahill, University graduate, who is recognized as one of the country’s outstanding model airplane
builders.
The meet will last from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. Judging will be based on duration of flight, w.e.r.
GOING HOME for Spring VacaMon?
LOW ROUND TRIP FARES
One way rates; Lafayette by way of Wabash R. R. to the South and West.
Leave 4:^3 p. m. to the East and North.
Leave 2:44 p. nt. direct connections at St. Louis, Ft. Wayne and Detroit to all points.
For particulars call: J. C. DAVIS 359 Vine Street Phone 5069 WABASH R. R.
DrGRABOVI
Tbm’soidyoMcern«twayto'‘breAln'' apglt...tliarsbyT imokim it... Only^ Or.ClrdowpbMsare pra-smokeo with fine tobacco (Edgeworth) onUnkman'sinechaih ieaismohlngmachlno.
Johnnie Go// To Serve As Squad Manager; Committee Selects Four Junior Leaders Dick De Garmo was elected last night by a Student and faculty committee as head yell leader for 1941-42. The board also selected Johnnie Goll as manager of the squad. Both Dick and Johnnie received their initial training three years ago under the direction of Stubbie Miers and since then have been regular
members of the squad.
_________________________ The board, consisting of Mai El-
ward, athletic director, Georgia Carroll, Gold Peppers’ president, Bert Bohliny Reamer’s president, Bud* Taylor, president of SAA, Johnnie Zuck and Bill Delmer, head and manager, respectively, of this year’s squad, also approved the appointment of, four junior cheer leaders. These juniors are Bruce Adams, Gil Hunt, Bob Stone, and Walt Lupke. Bruce has been on the squad for two years, while the other three made their initial appearances
with the squad this year. d.s.
Boilermakers To Close Track
li
Indbor Season Boilermakers’ indoor track season comes to an end next Saturday when the Gold and Black one mile relay teams participate in the annual Chicago Daily News meet to ,be held in the Chicago Interna-
tional Ampitheater.
This meet, sponsoi^ed by the Chicago Daily News, is one of the most colorful track meets held in the entire country. For the past three years a complete sell out for the meet indicates the interest it draws in the Chicago area. Such notables as J. Borican, holder of the world’s record in the 1,000 yard run, Campbell Kane, Indiana star in the mile, Lee Meadows, holder of the world’s record in the pole vault, Wright of Ohio State, and Fred Walcott of Texas, holder of the world’s record in the high hurdles and many other such stars make up the field. This meet, coming so late in the indoor season really draws the cream of the crop, and as it is an invitational affair only, all competitiom is much closer and more exciting.
Matched Races
The Boilermaker mile relay team, which will in all probability, consist of P. Anthony, winner of third in the 440 in the recent conference meet, W. Bancker, R. Ten Eyck and R. Wente, has been invited lo compete against a Big Ten team 4;o be selected today. All relays, which are matched races should provide excellent competition and excitement for the spectators. The University’s mile relay team finished fourth in the conference meet and will be running for a victory to fin-
ish the season.
WAA News By Virginia Barson
Interclass basketball ended this week*when the junior team brought home the bacon. But basketball isn’t over by a long shot. From the girls who participated in the interclass tournament, an “All Star” black and gold team has been chosen. Here are the girls who made it: Black Team Gold Team Caroline Briton Monica Bugler Barbara Ford Jane Fishleigh Gail Hennis Mary Lou Mathwell Betty Galbraith Harriet Campbell Opal Blagrave Lee Westover Kathryn Ade Mary Pidgeon Margaret Hohnhauss Ruth Walker Leona Rule Marge Ward The black and gold games will be played after spring vacation. Watch the notices for the date. —^waa— - Don’t forget the WAA Winter
Enrollment For New Preparedness Course To End Today At 4 Those who wish to enroll for the special “Physical Preparedness’^ course, PE 12, mufet do so before 4 o’clock this afternoon. Interested students may enroll in room 110 of the Fieldhouse for the eightweek course, which will stress activities designed to promote development of body and athletic skill. Undergraduates Eligible All undergraduate men students are eligible for entrance to the course who are registering for selective service and expect to be called by September 1, 1941, or are enrolled in ROTC and will receive commissions before that date or who hold a Health Service Medical rating of A, B, or CR. Eligible students who desire to take the course may, with the permission of the heads of their respective schools or departments, drop any three credit hour course in order to take the “Physical Preparedness” course, which carries two semester hours credit. Get Schedules Early Tentative class schedules are: division A, Monday and Wednesday fiom 4 to 6 o’clock; division B. Monday and Wednesday from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.; division C, Tuesday and Thursday, 4 to 6 p. m.; and division D, Tuesday and Thursday, 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. No enrollments will be made after the deadline set at 4 o’clock today, as it is necessary that students register and arrange their schedules with the heads of their schools before the beginning of spring vacation. r.l.h.
Formal Banquet tonight at 6:00 o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria. Officers will be installed, awards will b epresented, and Dorothy Bennett, author, sportswoman and astronomer will be there to speak to us. It’s still not too late to get your ticket from any WAA council member. —^waa— There will be no mixed recreation tomorrow night in the gym because of the Gold Peppers’ dance. See you all there.
Topping the list, but not the ball, of the Golf Clinic to be held on the campus April 8-10, inclusive, will be such well-known golf figures as Tommy Armour, Byron Nelson, Herb Graffis, Homer All^ Tom Walsh, Frank Sprogell, and other notables. -L-L— To clarify details—^the clinic is sponsored in conjunction with the National Professional Golfers Association. Teachers from 160-260 high schools and colleges are expected to attend the affair. Set-up of the program provides for everything in golf, including discussions on teaching techniques, maintenance problems, learning processes, mechanical aids, pro shop merchandising, and golf literature plus a highlight golf show, mas|3 class instruction, and of course, numerous banquets. -L-L— Featured on the golf show to be held in the Fieldhouse on Wednesday, April 9, will be Byron Nelson. His name is familiar as last year’s champion among the professionals. To this show, spectators may bring a wood club, and following the demonstrations, mass class instruction will be given. For the show the Fieldhouse will be turned into a veritable golf course providing putting greens, bunkers, roughs, and driving ranges. —-L-L— Tommy Armour is another big name. Termed “silver thatched” by Larry Rollins, sports columnist. Tommy, with his fine ii^bn shots, has swung away to three championships. He recently joined shots with Bobby Jones to defeat Gene Sarazen and Walter Hagen in a Red Cross match refereed by the Duke of Windsor in Nassau, Bahama. —L-L— In addition to the top flight Indiana golfers and out of state professionals, men and women teachers from Illinois, Iowa, Oberlin, Butler, Indiana U,, DePauw, and Georgetown College, Ky. have already accepted the University’s invitation to attend. —L-L— Students are invited to all the events and will be admitted upon presentation of passports. Aspinall Wins Women's National Senior Crown Patty Aspinall, 16-year-old backstroke star, has just been named the National Senior Women’s Champion in the 220 yard breaststroke. The championship was awarded at Buffalo, N. Y. At this meet, Patty set a new American record of 3:7.9 to replace the old record of 3:10. Patty is coached by Dick Papenguth. Boilermaker swimming coach. She has made several appearances on the campus, her last one being at the Aquacade, d.s.
Your Spring Dry Cleaning Expect to receive the highest quality of Dry Cleaning you have ever had. Because— Crown has completed a modem Dry Cleaning plant —^new buildings, new equipment. The “latest” to he had! \ ' SEND VS YOUR SPRING DRY CLEANING NOW!
FI ME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOtHRt
it