TT
i
^ _ ■^, ■_ ■, . y.,., .
5-1:.. /"
'y<,'
' ' ' ;.jy¥
t
ly^NHAM NAMEI Tex Smerke As Field / General For Iowa Tilt
Volume 55, No. 35
l^afayetf^, Indiiina
lift COMMENTS dn Inefficiency Of Bus Service On West Side
Thursday, October 29, 1942
AWS Conferencf Sirf Sif s Training For Vital Jobs
Dad's Day Mixer To feature Jan lavitt s Band
Festivities Include Family Banquets, Convocation
Maestro
“I certainly hope you’ll be able to get down here on Saturday morning, November 7, to enjoy the fun and see the game,” writes Ralph Deuster, Union President, in a letter to all PurdueTDads, inviting them to participate in the Dad’s Day festivities. A full day of entetrainment is offered, beginning with registration at 9 a. m. in the Gi-eat Hall and closing with a Dad’s Day Mixer in both ball-
rooms from 9 to 11:30 p. m. Jan Savitt, “The Stokowski of Swing”, and his Top Hatters will appear at the Mixer, and demonstrate Jan’s belief that sweet swing is the American music. The Savitt band, whose leader defies awing- traditions by playing none of the swing instruments (not (even liis fiddle) “hot”, has come along- to the point wheie it ranks among the top outfits of its
kind.
Jan has as his goal the acquisition of as fine musicianship into his band. Ilis musicivl background is ,sho-wn by his successful attempts to arrange the classical works for modern dancing. Recently he created considerable furore over his re-dressing of Raymond Scott’s “In An Eighteenth Century DrawingRoom”, based on Mozart’s “Easy
Sonata”.
Music Savitt Made Popular Jan’s theme, “It’s a Wondei-ful World”, features all the soloists and illustrates what a classical musician can add' to-popular music. Savitt has been broadcasting over the three major networks, NBC, CBS and' Mutual, and is also a Victor Recording artist. I Tickets for the dance may be purchased from all Union workers from today until the Thursday before the dance for $1.40 including tax. Admission at the door will be
$1.66.
More Of Program
Other activities of this gala day include a Dad-Mother-Son and Daughter Luncheon in the South Ballroom at noon; a Dad’s Smoker, starting at 7 p. m. in lounge looms 340 and 350 of the Union, and a convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall at ^ p. m. pn Sunday, special Dad’s Day religious sei vices will be held in the churches of Lafayette and
\yest,LaWdtte.
Campus To Observe DiplomBi
Religious Emphasis Week Nov. 8-15
DePauw President To Open Program “A Dynamic Faith for Present and Future” will be the general theme of the Religious Emphasis Week to be held at the Univer.sity the week of November 8. The week will be opened by a mass meeting m the Eliza Fowler Hall, witfi Clyde E. Wildman, President of DePauw
University, speaking.
Programs for the week include a
mass meeting on Wednesday, at University on October 19 and
7:30, in the Eliza Fowler Hall, Doan Charles W. Gilkey of the Rockefellev .Memorial Union at the University of Chicago making the address, and the closing meeting on Sunday, with Dr. Albert Palmer speaking. Seminars will be held every evening at
Foresters' Society Open Three-Day Convention Here Dr. Henry Schmitz Scheduled To Speak War-time uses of hardwood timber, the use of airplanes in locatingand reporting forest fires, and strip mine land problems and their solu-
Final plans for the award- tion, and timbei- sales from state
Established Faculty Approves Committee's Plan
ing of diplomas to sehiors and graduate students on December 20 were approved by the Executive Committee of the
at the regular faculty meeting-
last Monday.
The regulations, as prepared and presented to the two groups by a special committee appointed by the Executive Commit-
four in various rooms of llic Ummi. tee and headed by Dean A. A. Potter,
;ineed £U'e as follows:
ofrests are just some of the topics for discussion at the twenty-first annual meeting of the central states section of the Society of American Foresters to be held at the University today, tomorrow and Saturday. It is expected that about 60 persons,
all technicians, will attend. The University forestry and con-
servation department,headed by Dr.
Lhut$, Stratton, Pratt Speak At Meetings opened by a WAVE and closed by a WAAC, the fourth A.ssociated Women Students’ Vocational Conference, which closed yesterday, stressed the fact that the present job of the coed is to “Work to Win”, whether she actually joins the Army or Navy, takes a job with the government, or find a position that although altered by the War, was at least in existence
before Pearl Harbor.
Speaking at an all-University convocation in the Music Hall Tuesday night, Lt. Dorothy Stratton emphasized the importance of women training for
Stewart Leads Song Leaders Service Corps
Other Campuses To Receive Pl^ii
Over 50 students attended the
the field of endeavor where they are most needed and not where they most want to be. “In this war,” said Dean Stratton, “Each one of us faces the most important decision of his life. Es.sentially this is a war of ideas—a war whose outcome will detei-mine whether or hoc the persons in this world will have respect for each other as distinct
and separate individuals.”
initial meeting- of the Song Lead- Four-Point Program
pvs’ Spvvipo rni-no ” started by A1
ers’ Service Corps,
Stewart in order to teach the meth-
... for the Union's Dad Day Mixer Will be Jan Savitt, "The Stokowski of
Swing" and his Top Hatters. Parents Will
Hear Dr. Meyer
At Meeting
Wartime pioblems which all parents are concerned with will be discussed- at the annual parents’ institute to be held at the University next Wednesday and Thursday. A cooperative project of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers and the School of Home Economies, the Institute always attracts a large number of persons interested
in topics related to child care.
Announcement of the program wa.s made yesterday by Dean Mary L. Matthews, which includes such topics as making homemakers’ work effective in wartime, equipping- the child for tomorrow, parental problems in homes abroad, problems of the adolescent in wartime, community planning- for children, nutrition and clothing topics,
and schools and parents.
Headlining the gi oup of .speakei s will be Dr. Garry Cleveland Myers of Chicago, associate editor of “Children’s Activities”. Along with Dr. Myei s -will be several other well-
^majls^^and a flemand already arising infoimed aulhorities on the subfoi',stud,cut tutoi-.s, the ytudent Sen- jecL
^ issuing its second call for
tuJ,oi:s. ,
The fii-.Sit call for student tutors
was piade lu.st week, with the deadline fo,r apjdicatioiis heing- set as Ibis Saturday. No tutoj-.s will he
regislored after I tret lime.
, ji'oi' .several years the Senate lias suecessfuljy cai-ried out its clear-
ing jiouse policy for tutoring. The -is now calling all freshmen who do
J^ll 4pplic3nts Por f utor ^eryice
Tg Contact Senate ' ^'itlV'ydltotV klip’s yet to hit the
Activities Bureau
Calls Freshmen For Interview
The Univorsily Activities Bureau
The speakers will be annd^i later, as well as the room numbers. Houses May Invite Speakers Organized housing units will be given the privilege of having- the various speakers as guest.s for dinner throughout the week. Very short talks will be presented after dinner upon subjects related to the main topic of the week, and tlie hosts may have a discussion period after the
speeches.
Emphasis will bo placed on the importance df religion in the present crisis, and the noted personalities who vviil appear on th eprograms will endeavor to help the students and faculty have a closer relationship with the church. It is hoiicd that many of the students will plan to attend the meetings dining the
week.
Lull, Winch Select Varsity Debate Team Members of the varsity debate teams were selected last Monday evening by Professors P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch at the debate tiyouts in University Plall. Those chosen were: Jim Bray, Louis Cohen, George Zissis and Tim
Tilton.
The intercollegiate question is icsolved: That a federal world goveinment should be establifehed. Zissis and Cohen will uphold the affirmative, Bray and Tilton the negative. Meets tentatively scheduled' for this semester include a debate with Ohio State here on November 19, a return debate at Columbus (>date not yet set), and a practice duel debate with Indiana at Indianapolis.
1. In order to he eligible to receive a diploma on December 20, the candidate must satisfy the following requirements before December 15: a. Diploma fees must be paid and other financial obligations must be satisfied. b. Theses must bo filed in the Registrar’s office. e. All conditions, incompletes, and other deficiencies incurred prior to the current term must be made up, if in courses requiied for graduation. d. For graduate students, final examinations must be passed. Deficiencies in any of these respects will be reported by the Registrar to heads of schools on December 16. 2. Heads of Departments will obtain from the instructors under their chavge the names of all candidates for degrees who, on December 12, are not currently passing in their courses, and will report the names of these individuals to the reads of schools in which the students are legistered, sending a separate list (See GRADUATION, page 4) University To ExhiS^it McCutcheon Carton The original'John T. McCutcheon cartoon, purchased by Prof. Prank C. Hockema on behalf of the faculty for $20,80() in war bonds, has been received. It is now being framed and later will be hung permanently in the Union. This contiibution of John T. McCutcheon, a graduate of the University in 1889, was secured at the war bond lally. Sept. 25, where Doiothy Lamour held the auction.
E. R. Martell, will be host for this song leadership. 'The class
is designed to train leaders for group and community singing in military and civilian life and is the first of its kind in the country. Stewart discussed the idea with civilian morale officials and Major Bronson, Army morale officer, be-
meeting, the first of its kind to be held on this campus. A number of Indiana people will appear on the program, though the principle speaker will be Dr. Henry Schmitz of the University of Minnesota, president of the Society of American Poi-ester. Ticket Sales For Military Ball Continues Today Tickets for the annual Military Ball to be held on November 13 will continue on sale todaV for all advanced ROTC and band students on the bglcony of the Armory "between 12:30 and 4:30 p. m. Tomorrow basic military and band students will be able to obtain tickets, and on Monday regular juniors and seniors can
buy them.
Those remaining of the 900 put on sale will be available to all students and faculty members next Tuesday in the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building*. Tickets are being sold for $2.50, including tax. Advanced military students may have the money for them taken out of their salary. Of those tickets sold yesterday, the first day of sale, nearly 100 per cent of the. buyers ordered war stamp corsages in cooperation with the committee’s designation that they would be the only recognized corsage. The corsages can then be purchased when the programs are leceived at the Cashier’s Office but must be ordered with purchase of
the ticket.
Art Jarrott and his orchestra are to provide the music for the Ball, playing- from 9 p. m. until 1 a. m.
After outlining a four-point program designed to increase the democracy, independence, ability and healthiness of the college woman, Dean Stratton concluded with the challenge, “This is a time for greatness. Will you measure up?” WAAC representative, Lt. Pratt, who spoke at the closing session.
fore organizing- the class, and the from Kokomo to Lafayette in group decided to organize the first ^ well-ventilated jeep in order to
demand this year seems to be the greatest, accoidiiig to Senate execulivcs. 'Putors lecoive sixty cents per hom* I'oi- the services and [ii-ice fixing-
lias been jianncd.
Apy sLueJents interested in Ibis type of .WQPk should apply to the Spnatp OiJiee, Union, any afternoon this wcc'k from 4 p. m. until 5:30,
not belong- to a Ci-aternity or do not live in Cary Hall to loiiort to Iheiv office on tlic second floor of the Union for theii freshman interview. 'Pile freshmen arc questioned by Ihe sophomore woikors as to their inleresLs in outside activities while in high school, and which activities apiieal to them at the University.
J^eep ’Em Laughing . . . Prpf. Bill Miller For Research In
class as a pilot or test program- A nation-wide program is planned to be organized in colleges and universities throughout the country according- to Stewart’s putlines. America Wgnts To Sing It is Stewart's belief that Americans want to sing, especially since we are at war, but there is a lack of leadership. In Army camps there is a great need of organizers of spontaneous singing- groups. Morale officers are seeking- men who can lead groups in song and will be notified when a member of the class goes into the service. His experiepce and qualifications will be sent with the notification. Other members of the class will serve in civilian capacities and leaders will be available for any groups of three or more people in the county who want to sing. The University \yill be in charge of securing- leaders after the class has completed some of its training. Further meetings of the class will be held on Wednesday nights from 7:16 to 8*15. Hanley Stresses Need For Engineers, Builders In Nayy In a recent letter received here from William A. Handley, of -Indianapolis, member of the University Board of Trustees, who is serving as' a member of the civilian committee recruiting- candicjgtes for
attend the conference. Regularly stationed at the Indianapolis recruijiing station, Lt. Pratt prefaced her talk with the statement that although she might “wax enthusiastic about the WAAC’s”, no coed should quit school to join the Army
auxiliary.
Few Requirements Requirements to be met are few, and consequently women from all walks of life are thrown together at the training school at Fort Des Moines. From her own days at the camp Lt. Pratt related experiences which made it apparent that the (See CONFERENCE, page 4) Camera Club To Hear C. D. Williams Speak At Meeting Tomorrow G. D. Williams, a member of the staff of WBAA and a former commercial photogi-apher, will talk at the Camera Club meeting to be held in room 303 of the Union building this evening at 7:30. His subject will be “Studio Technique” and will cover the problems encountered in posing and lighting the model. This program is the last of a series of talks sponsored by the Camera Club designed to give helpful hints to those entering prints in the club’s annual fall exhibit. The meeting as well as the right to enter prints in the exhibit is open to any-
one interested.
Entry blanks for the e.xhibit will
Bright Future Air Conditioning
the commissioned personnel in the ^e available tomorrow, and the
Navy, it was stated that the need for engineers and builders by the
Navy is being emphasized more than
ever.
Ily Marian Doniiam Over in the Heal Tr‘}"f’i‘^i' BLiildiiig, among the various electrical inventions and resoarch projects, can be found a man by name of Bill
memboi- .since the Council was or-
ganized.
In his opinion, the futro of airconditioning after the war is very
of course, doing-
lie iiartu-ipates in while at the Uni- school for his entertaining- and iti-
^atui'day being- the latest po.ssiliie If (lie froslmian is now out for some Miller, (n-ofessoi of Mechanical En- blight. They are, time to sign up. ' ))ai-ticiilar activity, il is listed along gineering School. Prof. Miller is a bang-up business now because of v.'itli a i-ecoid of all otliei- aetivitios very well knoiyn in the engineering the need for air eonditipniiifj- in war
Lillian G. Smiih, '80, Dies In Indianfppolis “"-Fqiicral service,a wery hpld yes-lor-dgy foi- Lillian Cray Smith in Indianapolis. Miss Smith was one of the oldest alumnae of the Univer.sity. She was a member and secie-
tary of Ihe^^class oI 1880.
She has always been known as a loyal alumnae. Her father was in the Legislature while she attmided the Univej-sity and was instrumental in obtaining- appropriations for
the University.
I E. B. Bawg'h, secretary of the Alumni Asspeiatiop, i-eprcsentod the University at the services.
versiLy. 'I’liis information is made available' to all activitie.s to aid each of tlieni ill contacting all stiidoiits inteiesU'd in tlu-ir particular .type
of work.
'riicse interviews are valiialile to the fie.slimen in lliat they offer the new stiuleiil'i a real oppoiluiiity to become acquainted witli, and to comparo Ihp relalivo valuo.s of different oxtra-cuvriculai- activities, said liCS Woehlke, dii-ector of the Bureau. Those interviews are expected to be completed in the near
future.
tei-esting- classes. It seems ho has a way of keejiing the hoys awake and laughing- but still teaches them
mechanical engineering.
The Ail- Conditioning Council of Indianapolis, an organization of aliout 80 men which was originated seven years ago, has laid claim to Bill Milloi- for at least one night a year. On this guest night, which IhejT call “Bill Miller Night,” they
industries. Since industrial incn are finding- the values of air conditioning now ill their war projects, they will not discard this improveinont after the war but will continue to use it ill even bigger and bettor
ways.
With all llic research that is goingon in all fields of science, there are new pi'occ.sses and materials being discovered that will bo put to use after the war. These discoveries
follow must be put aside until after the war. Miller says, “It will be when these side tracks are again taken up by the scientists and engineers that the world will be rocked by the better ways and methods of doing things set before them.” A couple of examples of these new in-oducts'are Neoprene and Tenite. Neoprene is a synthetic substance siniilai- to oil and grease in texture which can he made into a substitute for brass tubing which is in some 'cases better than the brass tubing itself. Tenite is a plastic piping used in place of steel piping. 'fliese products were discovered 01- created in connection with the
pictures shoud be in by Monday. These pictures will be exhibited in the Music Room of the Union.
. , Prints must be classified bv con-
Thei-e is no limitation tor men who t^gtants as either portraits or pic-
torial scenes, while the entrants will also be classified as follows: (1) Amafeur Student Division, (2) Advanced Student Division, (3) University Staff Division. Prizes
will be awarded.
can pass the physical requirements and are otherwise acceptable and aie between the ages of 27 and 50. Under the Selective Service System, a man who is selected for the Navy can be commissioned regardless of
what his draft status may bp.
Graduate engineers are much in demand, regardless of thelx- particular branch of engineering, as well as practical builders who have
handled large gangs of men.
Interested persons may contact Hanley at his office, 640 South Ala-
bama Street, Indianapolis.
Wesley Plaver$ Mc^et
Tonight At 7 :30
A special lab. meeting of Wesley Players will be held at 7:30 tonight in the rumpus room of the new Foundation building. The meetingwill be turned over to the workshop.
research for things to take the place
spend their time doing- nothing- but have to be pidgeon-holed for the of metals, and a similar situation Costumes and stage equipment will listening- to him speak. present because each resoarch man has developed in nearly all fields be classified, flats will be worked This has been going on for five has a special goal sot before him of research. These new sidelights on, and makeup tables will be built, years now, ever since he first spoke in research work and all the side- of war rsearch will probably change All members are urged' to attend
to a regular monUily meejiing of the tracks and detours ho finds that the whole scheme of things in the this special meeting. Refreshments ing- strips foy the new eighty-thou-
Council, fie fias heejp an honorary would be extremely interesting- to world to come, according to Miller, will be served. sand pound bombing planqs.
Pr. Rutledge Speaks At ASME Meeting Speaking- on the fundamentals of soil mechanics, Dr. P. C. Rutledge, graduate of Harvard and now a professor at the University, entertained the members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at their regular meeting Tuesday
night.
His talk featured a movie titled “Engineering Aspects of Soil Behavior,” and at the end of the showing he demonstrateii some of his points with experiments. Concluding his talk, Dr. Rutledge told the audience of some of the problepis now confronting- his field in making land-
3-FH
-1
-I^^ "t ' v^-r ;--rTyvwr‘\^r'’‘ ^'-'T^ ^ '’^ !s‘4s/''' ^
Purdue Exponent Thursday, October 2%
mi^
•e 2
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporls, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. tn., 5377
Edffni-*in-Chiof. News -Kriilor .
.rpoi is J'.viiof ll Mnna^f r C'uoi l-diuir. ..
Jolm P. Amoa Don T. Brophy . John H. Armstrohe . Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gpemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Associate Editors L:V.t:-'r':u hllntT: !», \v. Oc:hcijtr»?e, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, i'. ].]. iVutr.. \V. (i. llo.^ldns. K. W. Bo.swinklc, K, Roquemore, S. Weil . . • iTpririT S.iiiT: ]). II. Hrewor, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C,
Ct.c i Sir.5l: Miill.v Hi-all, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauor, Elaino
Business Staff
Cord Ciisincsfi Manager: Julia Martin. Aihord-iim ManajMfrs: J. M. Wright. D. L. Johnson, J. Petty, C li f uialion Mfiirngcr: ('». H. Klouman.’ * ceounts Mar.natr : Trt'ua Torrenpa. Junior Cued Managers: Elien Clark, Jane Keim.
’he Furdue Independent
i:4'(:r-;n-Chkf . 'iJanaging Editor . iiuiiniss M-inager.
Aidvertising Manager A c c o u n; 5i Manager...... CireaiaEon Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum ....Roberta Kessler ..Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
f'hi R-fert
Sports Editor: Dawson
., Issue Editor: Martindell •Ur, Donham, Petry, Caylor, Mann, Helffrich, v~, Vegh, Tilton, . Sommers, Squire, Lynch, n. Spanikt. Winslow, Gregory, ' Ackerman,
Hoiikins, Lipcs.
an srehnd class matter at the post office in Lafayinu. unih^r the act of Congre.ss of March 3, 1879, ■ s)H(ial rate of postage provided for in section nf Octohfr 3. 1917, authori'zed January 20, 1922. (.11 Tu. silay, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday mornings y nr. Dflivered locally by carrier for $1^75 for a .!• i'.i.OU f(jr two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a :• for two .semester.s. m.'-t.r; mailed .<^ubEcription $1.50. -(!•(! for national advertising by National AdverttsInc.. College Publi.shers Kepresen^tives, 420 .•v;-.. Nh'w’ York, N. Y.
IWeUIHGTON ’ Im ft., U i P.t 0(1. MERRY-GO-ROUHD
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Frat Boys Thrill Coeds
By DREW PEARSON
Russia Accuses England Of Grabbing Good Euipment Shipped By United States
I%o
Results. . .
Those of you who were here during the ’.iv.uici- term may remember the virtual. .utIg of Boy Scout uniforms which invaded w busG.s of Lafayette and West Lafayette ' June 5 and G. These boys were doing what y ' culd for the war effort by devoting two vJh’o day.s of their tin^e and work checking : :1 di.?Lributing questionnaires to passengers M- ;hc- purpose of determining the peak hours idT'main loading points of Lafayette buses. The results of the survey, which was car- ; out at the request of the Emergency iisportation committee of the Greater La- , , Ue (.'hamber of Commerce and the Lalie Ti'ansit Company, were to be used in e..irmpt to revise schedules—with the idea . mind of conserving tires and transit equip-
WASHINGTON—Something will have to be done soon I'Cjgarding the strained relations between the Russians and the Briti.sh, or the entire war effort may be impaired. This is one of the chief pieces of advice which Willkie and his party brought back to Washingt()n from Moscow. How bitterly Josef Stalin feel.s towar-d the British over failure to establi.sh a second front was I'evealed very clearly at a banquet^in Moscow in the presence of the British Ambassador. ' With the Amba.s.sador .seated at the .same table, Stalin remarked that although the United States had tried to send Russia some excellent equipment, it was stopped in Scotland, and inferior equipment sent on instead. Stalin expressed the blunt hope that the United States would not send war goods via Scotland or England anymore. Stalin apparently did not care very much that the British Ambassador heard his remarks—probably because he already had told the British Ambassador a thing or two in no uncertain terms. The Russians also appeared to resent the fact that the United States had sent no one of major political or diplomatic stature as Amba.ssador to Russia or on an official mission. W. AverellHarriman, who accompanied Churchill as the representative of the United States last summer, apparently was not considered of major stature. The , Russians did not give him too much, attention. Also they did not seem particularly impressed \vith Hai'ry Hopkins when he flew to Moscow. They knew, of course, that Hopkins was close to the Pre.sident. But they did not I'egard him as of the same stature as Foi-eign Minister Molotov, who vi.sited Washington on an official mission last summer, or as Ex-Foreign Minister Litvinov, now permanently established in Washington as Ambassador and one of the most distinguished figures in the history of the Soviet. Men comparable to Litvinov and Molotov would be Cordell Hull and Secretary of War Stimson, and in their absence the Russians have felt slighted at having Harriman and Hopkins sent.to them.
Noctumal Son^ Fests
By Jim Richardson
IJave'you been awakened lately by a male choir as jt gently .serenades a local .S(ir6rity with fraternity and, soinetime;?, school songs? If so, you have .just audibly witnessed one of our most lasting campus traditions. Some of the.se nocturnal visits are to symbolize The placing of a pin in the particular soi’oi'ity, some arc merely to promote .good will (it is hoped), and some arc just to, let the — ^ ^^— girls know that the organiiza- Pi A To Hold Tea
tion still exists.
Usually a .serenade is pre- OanCG SatUtday
ceded by the stealthy arrival of at least five cars laden to
“When I was your age. I’d.have given anything to be able to walk to school, but I was forced to ride in a stuffy car that smelled of sickening gasoline.fumes.”
University Calendar Thursday, October 29
8:00 A. M, 10:00 A. M. 3:00 P. M. ■0:00 P. M. 7:00 P. M.
Civilian Protecti.on Ti', School. .H.E. (Hub’s Achievement Day. Seveen Review PtA Board Dinner
Room 304, Union :S. Ballroom, Union . .'Hall of Music .Oid Che.stniit Rni., Union
.Society of .Aih. Fore;;tci'’s Dinner .V/. h’aculty Lge, Union
• Dems Congratulate Reps
Iiovv'GV(;r, from the student’s viewpoint, no n ticeabie improvements in the Lafayette bus sy:-Tem have been made. Apparently all the hard work of those industrious Boy Sco.uts hu.s L'sen shelved by .some bus company bigvi.g. You can still .stand by the bus stops any morning and see the all-but-empty buses go by L\vo at a time, merrily wasting gasoline, l abb-rr and equipment. You can still stand by tlie bus stops any night and wait and wait and wait until a fully loaded bus passes you by f::]lowed by athi'eerquarters empty bus which could have picked you up ten minutes ago. Ji .seems rather useless to run two buses , .‘.i once in order that the few people who transfer at the .square in Lafayette shall have their lack (fi seats. Isn’t it more important that the trade i roin this side of the levee be picked up :A :r,oro. convenient times than to insure a ride for be’’.sons who aren’t even paying a fare? Gilie.s many times larger than Lafayette are iiaviiig transportation troubles infinitely .more complex than those of this town. Yet
There was high glee .in the gallei'ies recently, when Representative William T. Pheiffer, Republican <jf New York, took the floor to “thank” the Democratic National Congressional Committee for a lettei' it h'ad sent him, congratulating him on his primary victory and promising support in the general election. “This is doubtless the first time your great committee has been so magnanimous as to place its facilltie.s at the disposal of a Republican,” Pheiffer remarked, with a grandiloquent bow to his Democratic colleagues. “Believe me, gentlemen of the majority, I am very, very grateful.” In high confu.siori, white-thatched. Repi'e.sontative Patrick H. Drewry of Virginia, chairman of the committee, rose in the House next day to I'cpoi't that the lettei' should have gone to Representative Joseph L. Pfeifer of New York, a faithful Democrat. There had been a mixup, due to the similai'ity, of names. “I hope the letter will not lull the gentleman into a .sense of false .security and that he will make the best light he can,” added the Virginia, “for, so help me God, I am going to beat him if I can.” !' Meantime, the individual responsitile for the inixup, Victor H. Harding, secretary of the committee, bantered: “I guess Wo erred on the; .side of national unity.”
Tod ay's Screen Review
New.s—9 min. .... Mr. Blabermouth—21 min. Unusual Occupations—rll min. West Point on the Hudson—10 min. Richard Himber Orchestra—1() min. Lady or the Tiger—10 min. Information Please—10 min.i Symphony Hour—8 min. . .
...2:00—4:29 ;}; 09-1-4:28 20—4:59 2:41—5:10 .2:51—5:20 4:01—5:20 4:11—5:40 4:21—5:50 OUT—5:58
Daily Health Service Report
UK eio ioii
y iva\ G provided the right number of bus, . nten! and .street car seats at the right times G before we began paying full fares. So the Boy Scouts have done all the work, ib.see the bus company and the city offis <'(‘i together and do something.—k.g.r.
The Ratio
to 1
'imjipcd in the Sweet Shop the othei' day, and •i t:,l)lcs of gii'ls were whooping it up. After .'•'.■'.I' (jbsei'vation, the following' poem arose ■eaaze: Ku.shic, Rushie, in ’cr brook— t\:i()pas catch ’em wi’ ’er hook— ( (ike ’em, feed ’em, pledge as can— To fleck wi’ all the rushing plan. —Tube itts.
.,ali
; ■! T ':i ■■(
T ON THE IIAJZYK-HOSKINSON .
vG Al'T'AlR—
i started at the Northwestei'n-Purdue game an Kappa Epsilon’s Bob Hajzyk stole swee’ 'Tom her date, Dick Salzer. After they had ■a-alk and talk, Dick again came to the scene
t night to take hei’ home,
toj y eoiitiiiuiai two w'eeks later: (jiiiiiiii' Kappa and coed engineer whose desM'"- is ill the funiiy papers like all. coed engiI'lii j Puidue), decided licogres.s was slow and calk'd Boh by phone asking him to ihe K;i|)|)u housi' for a quiet game of pea-, , l.ut Ids answer was clo.se to; “Aw, no, let’s r:'i(jfll<;e.” ,So Gu:iey took' his 'I’eke |jin and
:t afti.'i' the Wiseoinsin gmii'ie.
o Gas Masks or Parks? To make a sealing compound for gas mask.s, the War Department requires a certain wax obtained fi'om tlie candililla plant, found only in hot, arid regions. Charles T. Wilson, New York millionaire, found candililla plants in the “big bend” country of West Texas, and leased some property for exploitation of the plant. He put up a factory near Marathon, Tex., and proceeded to gather the weeds, which heretofore nobody had been intere.sted in, except the burros. But officials of the State of Texas intervened, saying the property,was desired a.s part of the Big Bend National Park. Wilson and his wax gatherers were cu'dered off the premises. So now the deer and the antelope, instead of gas-mask wearers, will have the benefit of the candililla. 0 Good Neighbors Before tire and gas rationing, Eurico Ponteacib, financial attache of the Brazilian Embassy, was one of the most inveterate motorists in the U. S. A. He thought little of driving from New York to New Orleans and back in a single week. One day just outside New York he was arrested for speeding. Penteado admitted he was guilty, and the officer said he would have to give him a ticket. “I suppose I deserve one,” said the Brazilian diplomate, not revealing he was imniunefrom arrest, “but it will spoil my record. I’ve driven 132,000 miles in* the United States and never got a ticket.” “Ok then, I won’t spoil your record,” said the cop. “By the way, what’s your job'l” “I’m a diplomat.” . “Let’s see your ci'edential.s,” said l.he cn)),dbviou.sly .skeptical. Penteado. showed them. “Well, what do you want to waste my time for? 1 couldn’t give you a ticket if I wanted to.” “Sure you could,” said the Brazilian attache. “Wlien I’m in your country I believe in obeying your laws.” (Copyright, 1042, by United Feature Syndicate, Lie.)
Student Health Sei'vice reports theTollowing .student.s liave mitted to St. Elizabeth’s llos^l^^ H.' M. Ghamlx'i's, freshman En.g; n. S.' Ed'wardis, senior GhE; Ann llillier, freslindin HE; .1. .1. Hopper, '|■re:shman king; If. M. VVliijipd, senior ME; Anru' Anderson, senior Sri; W. J. Dodgs, sophomore GhE; T. (,h Moore, sophom;)i’e Sci; R', P. Nelson, junior En.g; A. A. 01,'.on, junioi' ME; R. F. Smith, freshman Eng, and A. 1’. Wood:i, junior ME. '['he following Iniye' been di:'charg;ed: Jeanne Bates, freshman HE; M. Centei', junior Eng; G. G. Cro.s.s, junior ME; J. R. Hicks, s.o|)bbmore ME; R: L. llodapu,. junior ME', and J. E. MilGulalc, junior (.'hE. R. W. Ek, U. G. Gaid and N.. Strauss entered St. Elizedietli hos-; pital Tue:-:day .for surgical trealrtient and G. E. Hcidenreieh, M. E. 'Hbueles and Nancy Jackson were admitted i'oi' medical tr(atn’ent. H. E, Gaiison and R. L. White were admitted to Home llospitr.l for medical ti'eatment on 'ruesday.
cXkfcfeM. to. tlie
Editor of the’ Deal- Sir: lOvery lime 1 ne;U' the st,ud(-nt body sing' “Hail Purdue” it seems that in the line following “Oiir friendship ma.y she never lack”; T always, hoar the majority sing “Evei' r;iithful, ever .( rue”. Is (.bis the way it is supjiosed to be sung? I’ve always, seen it in pi'int as “Ever grateful, evci' true”. Who is rifj'ht and v/iio i.s'wrong;? Wouldn’t it 1)0 a capilal idea if. someone were to start ;i “GkirrectWorda,ge - of - Hail - Purdue” eam-
[laign:
Sincerely, ,. Diek DeLong', EE '44.
the “gunwale.s” with masculine vocal chords, bearing their precious burdejjs with axle-.straining groans as they I’ound the corners. After the care are qidetly unloaded, the would-he prima donnas, deposit themselves in a group about the front door of the soroiily.
“Censored”
As the eager lads wait expectantly for the inomor.t whe;i Iheii' Ihi’oats unleash the inuted screams that .seem to delight .some coeds, the disgruntling; exclamation of “censored” ripples merrily out across the now mutilated lawn and falls upon startled, shocked ctan;. 'riien They Sing The' leader gives the sign and 45 of the 50 fellows start to sing at the same Ijime. In a few seconds, approximately' ' three more are blending' theii' harmonious voices into the symphony. A minute Inter Joe and Pete stait, each of their voices blending perfectly with itself. The Joe and Pete school of music is frowned upon by local song Icaclers even though it doei- offei' a chance to stand out in th.e (':'0'.vd. .On hoai'iiijg, tiie first timid warbles of the nnile clioi-us, tire light.s in the soi’ority are lurnedout and the patter of liHle, feminine feet is lieai'd acros.s the floor. Girls .Awa,";! the Carusos After singing nne or two s:onp;;i, the local Carusos are rewarded with nn an.swerin.g ..song from the iiorch, or in some ca;ses, the roof of the .lious('. (It seems that some girls don’t ti'ii.sl, tlu'ir running ability and would latliei' ))lay it sal';! by staying out of. the reach of over .zealous
sereiuidi'i's).
,Song:s iu'e eveli.'ing'ed between (lie (irganlz,ation;T iiniil one ol run.-; o:it of reiiartoe and .is lo :-'ay goodbye- inelodieally
:-'(i<'ial ei'ganizations follow the g'cn-m-al pia;i just (le'-'.cribed e;:i:ept, perhaps, the ,Sig Eps who generally take time out for a ;uiacl-: at an in-ternn.-'n'on.. 'I'hns enJj a campus
sei:i‘n:'ah‘.
Saturday afternoon at 4, PIA will .sponsor another in its series of informal lea dances in the South Ballroom of the Union. As in the past "all members will be adniitted free and non-members for ten cents. For experimental purposes and to offer the members an opportunity to enlarge their circle of acquaintances, this dance will feature the service,? of a date bureau. Everyone interested in .signing for a date shoiild register in the PIA office be-
fore 5:30 p. m. Friday.
Ag Alumni WiB-l Honor Sfydent'S With Dinner
Senioi'-alumni-staff dinner ,honoring the 142 members of the current senior agricultui'al cla.s.s, will be held at 5:30'p. m. on Monday, Nov. IG, it was ahiiouriced today by W. F. Graham, who is as.sistinp; with arran.gements. , This dinner will featvn'c a fish fry aiid will.be .served by the Jonah Club' of Akron in the Agricultural Engineering Building. J. Ralph Thompson, Ag' ’ll), and now a ti'ustoe of the University, will he the principal .speakei'.
Chi Omega
. . . social sorority, will hold a dance in honor of. thi.s. semester’s new pledge.? tomorrow night in theli' chapter house. The pledges are Madlyn Grotnes, Martha McCidloug'h, Madlyn Clahlei', Louise...I!;9,obenkocnig, .June .Sp’.nidet, and Ruth MlH.his.
Placement Notes .For Women
them
Most
Girl.s intereste(l in selling Clu'istmas cards should call the Placement .Sel'viee for 'Women (2055) immediately.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
llniversily flook Store
PATRONIZE E.XPONENT ADVERTISER.S
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 Sfate Sf. West Lefayetfe
JomaBts-Mx
mEET TiSH INDHOWL!
TODAYTHRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN HIT
.liAlN
“ringer” on hei' Uiii'd-rmger-lefLha'.'.d. Nice going, we all .say.
TWO MORE PINNING.S IN GUI O HOUSE I’HIS WEEK . . . when. Belly Murphy took Bill Deu.sterberg’s SAE pin and Phi GairmJack Wallinbi|lic[i deciiled to hang one on Peggy Porter.
TODAY - FRl. - SAT. -DOUBLE FEATURE-
MONTGOMERY .JHzmfded . tRweifmom
with AUHt I PEIERS • BRtY:
' NOTHER OFF AS A GONER— It lin-ully hapiiened last week end when our one ::),d only Coed Kditoi' of ye olde Expo, Chi O Alice Giiallieid, Was engaged to SAE Randy McCready, when lie. lossec! a “ispafkler” and made a peifeet
'n1%
r n . r / ■"''
■««
Thursday^ October 2% 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pages
Smerke Named Captain For Hawkeye Encounter
Western Michigan Harriers Oppose Riveters Tomorrow ^ Cross country followers will have their last opportunity to see the once-beaten Riveter squad in action on its home course this season tomorrow afternoon^at 4 30 when the Western Michigan team provides the competition Following the Western Michigan meet the cioss country team will travel for the next three week ends to participate in the State meet at Indianapolis,
the Western Conference meet in Chicago and the National Intercollegiate meet at East
Lansing
Last Saturday’s encounter brought the Conference record of the Boilermakers up to three vie tones against one setback Wins weie reeoided over Illinois 23 34, Ohio State 19 37 and Wisconsin 17 40, while the loss was suffeied at the hands of Inidana 19 36 Coach Phillips has decided to send an eight man team against West ein Michigan over the enlongated couise All pi evious meets with the exception of the Ohio State meet have been lun over a three and a half inile course Anothei half mile has been added to the course, and the lace Friday afternoon will be lun ovei the new couise The team to face Western Michigan will be composed of Chuck Dueslei, who lan the foui miles at Ohio State in 21 23, Roach Michaels Lynch, Se waid, Ashwell, Kindei and Harrei Second Meeting With Spartans Last yeai’s meeting was the fiist between the two schools, at which time a victoiy was reeoided by the Boileimakeis This yeai howevei Westein Michigan is using fiesh mbn on its team, and it is lopoitod that thiee tieshmen have been do ing some outstanding lunning Most of the teams outside the West ein Confeience have peimitted lieshmen to paiticipate this season Time ti lals wei e i un ovei the new
,^1 which tune Dueslci coveied the distance in 21 11 as compaied to 18 31 foi the thiee and one halt miles Othci times weie Roach 21 45 Lynch 21 50 Ashwell 22 10, Kindei 22 11 Michael 22 33 and
fom mile comse Tuesday afternoon Hanei 22 38
ALLE
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR blllDENIS OF PURDUl Beginner’s, Wednesday, Novembei 11 th
7 -30 P. M.
Advanced, Thursday, November 12th
7:10 P. M.
IF ^•''cn Duung Vatafion P M Allen Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONI 2150
SLim LinE-up in STRYPS* URDIES t\4n^aa£t^ These lusciously soft knitted rayons are among the first essentials of beautiful and fair ladies The brief satiny smooth Trunk and the extra heavy Stryps Bra have long proved a combination of luxury and economy that s a natural lor wartime,. ht as though made especially for you Ironing | unnecessary, vbiTiai^liicTTHinbsi!' Palais Roual
4
Q ports Communique CP Swimming Team
By Bob Hadley
s
Injury-Jinxed Gridders
IM Schedules The following Fiateiiiity Touch ball games will bo played Thuisday evening October 29 at 4 16 Field 1 Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Theta Pi Umpuc Bussing 2 Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Pm Epsilon Umpiie Shook 3 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Pi Umpiic Musselman 4 Phi Kappa vs Phi Gamma Delta Umpire Rodgers 5 Phi Kappa Phi vs Tau Epsilon Phi Umpire Hawkins 6 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Acacia Umpire Foss 7 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Um pile Harvey 8 Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi Umpiie Thompson 9 Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha Umpire Nordquist 10 Sigma Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi Umpire Pilar ski 11 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Umpire Beck Cl 12 Pbi Kappa Tau vs Phi Kappa Sigma Umpuc Maiozick 13 Delta Upsiloir vs Kappa Sig ma Umpiie Emerson
Tonight the Boilermakers take off again, this time b®^4ed for Iowa City This year the Riveters have met a lot of difficulties in traveling to other states for the games In nearly every instance they have been shunted around from one outpost to another until they'wondered if they weie going to get to the right game on the right Saturday In nearly every case, too, the results of the afternoon’s work have been rather unsatisfactory It’s an injury ridden team that boards the train tonight It looks like Elmer Burnham will have a chance to deal out some experience to some ot the squad who haven’t hitherto seen a whole lot of action Bill Burghaidt, running and passing halfback recently graduated from the “B” team, may inakfe his mitral appearance this Saturday m Big Ten competition on the basis of his success in connecting on passes in practice this week Gene Matrevitz, anothei one of the gang that never knows what positron he will be playing until he gets out on the field, is now a guaidi and may help to fill the gap left by the temporary disability of Bamegan with an elbow tihubled with torn ligaments So far Matiewitz has played in Boilermaker games so far this year first as a tackle, and against Wisconsin, as an end Burnham has been trying this week to find out what became of all that speed that he heard about in pre-season dope Back before the Fordham game it was heard ’round about that the Boilermakers would be light and fast In comparison with their five opponents to date they have been ponderous and slow The formations that are being cooked up for the benefit of the Hawkeyes are designed to speed up the scoring operations and cut down the advantage that Vanderbilt, Ohio State and Wisconsin had throughout the game Out in Iowa they regard the Boilermakers as “unpredictable’ The Hawkeyes are grinding away to build up then average in the Westein Conference standings which now stand at the won one and-lost one maik They dropped their game to the rampaging Illini and^beat out the Indiana Hoosieis in a close one last week The Hawkeyes will be dangerous in the air by virtue of the dett arm of Tom Farmer and they have the power to march down the field using ground maneuvers In fact, they scored on Indiana both times on sustained drives The Boileimakeis look considerably more spirited than they did m the muck duung practice last week They are getting the fight that they have needed badly at times eailiei in the season A win over the Hawk eyes will give them a 500 average for the season m Big Nine competition They have the team to do it if they get idlin’ Here’s hoping they do
Returns To Shape Leave For Iowa Today
By Daily Workouts
Sigma Nus Lead Touchhall League Enteupg the fifth stanza of the fraternity touchhall league the Sig ma Nus lead with a total of four victories and no defeats Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Alpha Theta Tau Phi Delta Iheta and Sigma Phi Epsilon aie next in line each hav ing three wins and no defeats The Sigma Nus Iheta Puis and Phi j Dolts will lest today while the Sig Eps lace Kappa Delta Rho Phi Phiss face the fheta Xis and flu Phi Kappas play the Delts TTieie have been many foitfeits due to the teams not making an appearance
HOME OF
SPORTSWEAR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Mam Sf.
Farmer Nears Kinnick's Mark IOWA CITY, Oct 28—Tom Earm er s passing gams in six University of Iowa football games of 1942 now are only 17 yaids shoit of the yards made by Nile Kinniek s thiows in all eight games of 1939 ( onipleted 29 F'assts The cm lent passing stai has till own loi 621 yaids completing 29 in 69 attempts with seven intei ceptions Ills average is about 21 yards pei completion Seven of Iowa s 16 touchdowns weie made by
Eaimer’s passes
All Amei lean Nile Kinnick of the famous 19 39 loam completed 33 of 9 5 lor 638 yards with 13 inter cep tions His average gam was 20 58 yaids and his throws seoied 11 of Iowa s 19 touehdovns Wherers Kmniek completed most ol his passes to Eiwm Piasse and Dick Evans ends haimei has thiown almost equally to five re eeivers Bill Bmkett, four toi 175, Bill Paikei four loi 98, Ben Trie 1 ey lour loi 88 Jim Youel five for 75, and Ted Cuuan, four lor 72
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
By Russell Lipes Daily work outs are slowly help ing to get the Boilermaker swimming team m shape for their forth coming season Practice sessions have been held for nearly a month now and according to Dick Papenguth. Boilermaker swimming coach, a steady improvement can be no treed m the times turned in by the team Over two months still remain before a scheduled meet and, if the squad continues to improve, Papen guth expects to have a first class team by the time of the first meet Although no definite schedule has been announced, it is expected that the local tankers will face teams from Indiana, Chicago, Michigan, Northwestern, and Ohio State A meet with Iowa is m the offing Much Material i In the breast-stroke, Elroy Heidke and Cliff Horton have been turning in good times Heidke particularly has shown great possibilities by vii tue of the fact that last Saturday he just missed the world’s record in the breast stroke by one tenth of a second This was the second time that Heidke has succeeding in achieving the same almost record breaking time Outstanding in the back stroke is Jim Dunn In the sprints Bill Snead, Ray Nihan Diek Boernei, Van Duesen, Dick Smith, and Ed Mills have shown possibilities Tom Hucbei has also been outstanding in the sprints but he will not be eligible for vai sity competition, until the first ol January In distance swims. Cliff Eiikson is expected to gathei points lor the local squad Joe Williamson Captain Joe Williamson, captain of this yeai’s team, and George Rich can be depended upon to be good com petition in almost any event While in high school, Rich was picked as the No 1 All Ameiican individual medley swimmci Hcimon Bauer and Harry Och stein are developing their talents in diving I ouio Ware is expected to join them as soon as he finishes his duties with the tumbling team Swimmers Wanted There are still places on both th^ vaisity and the freshman swimming teams open to any man who can prove hib ability as a swimmei Doan Puts Great Lakes tickets On Sale All icmaining reserved seats and general admission tickets lor the Gieat Lakes game have been placed on sale, C S “Pop ’ Doan, ticket managci and assistant athletic di rector has announced Ticl ets can be purchased in the men’s gymnasium. Deckers, Deacs, Southwoiths and the University Book Stole Reserved seats are priced at 3)2 50, including tax, and geneial admission tickets at 00, including tax
PLAY
BILLIARDS Jnst 40c an hour for a table!
“38” — 3-Cushion Billiards 8-Ball Rotation — Kelly Pool
ALL the games are loads of fun! Bring your pals down for a game! JhsL PukdiuL ’WtsMUMaL 'Union. The Coiner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Fred “Tex” Smerke, who has been turning in an outstanding performance at the end position, since he shifted from quarterback, will serve as acting captain for the Rtiveters this coming Saturday as the Boilermakers attempt to make it three straight over Iowa and pull up on even terms in the Big
Nine race
Tex IS a product of Fort Worth, Texas, where he made allstate end Upon coming to the Boilermaker domain, he was 4 made into a quarterback
where he earned his letter last year, but due to a shortage of manpower this season, he was shifted to one of the wings. Although only weighing 170 pounds, Smerke has been a standout on defense and has in addition caught nine passes that have been good for a total gam of 162
Lambert Drills Cage Team As Basketball Season Approaches With an eye on the coming has
ketball season, Coach Ward “Piggy” yards
Lambert drills his prospective vai r u* i ^ ^ j ^ , ft' Light Workout Yesterday
sity and freshman cagers m the
Fieldhouse every evening from 4 6 Coach Elmer Burnham gave his As yet, practice has been devoted ^ comparativeentiiely to scrimmage Lambert workout yesterday aftersends teams drawn from his varsity avoiding contact work in an men against squads composed of allow his convalescents a freshman candidates back into shape by c, n . ..V 1 1, 1 Saturday The major emphasis of
So far most of these drills have .x , j j
, , j «) TT 1 X an extended dummy practice was been one sided affairs Howevei, last , , \ , , , „ , , , » placed on the same type of aenal night, a freshman team composed of xx i xx x , .
attack that proved so effective
Haag, Vaughn, Moody, Anderson, and Berberian outseoi ed the varsity netmen m a 15 minute encounter
against Wisconsin Many changes have been made in
Coach Lambert expects great things Riveter squad this week, since from these first year men and, from many injuries put men on the their showing thus far, they will live sidelines Bill Burghardt, who is up to his hopes Charlie Haag played Quite a passer, has been moved from on the Bosse of Evansville team ® team to the “A” backfield which went to the state finals two help take the place of Bob Chesyears ago and has been consistently dropped out of school Also picked as one of the state’s better Chuck Hams has been transferred players of the last two basketball back to quarterback positron, after campaigns Among Haag’s many ac spending most ot the season at end complishments is his outscoiing of Harris will kid in the kicking deWiliord “Gussie” Doeiner, who re purtment, and also help out Hajzyk ceived All Amencan honors while “^^d Snyder with the quarterback playing from Evansville College, duties as Tony Berto has been, and who was one of the nation’s switched to halfback where he can leading scorers, in a post season Aing his passes that were so effecencountei in the “Pocket City” last t'^e against the Wisconsin defense, yeai Matrewitz Now Plays Guard Clay Moody did service as a mem- Anothei switch put Gene Matreber of the Burns of Muncie squad witz sophomore from Maywood, 111, which took runner up honors be who started the season at a tackle hind Washington in last season’s and played end against Wisconsin state meet He also did time as a last Saturday, at the left gaurd post component of the Indiana All Star in an effort to bolster a weakness Team that encountered and beat a caused by the loss of Dick Barsimilai aggregation from Kentucky wegan, who wrenched his elbow Two other freshmen whom au rgauist the Badgers and is expected thoiities expect to make a name for to be out of action for at least ten
themselves on the basketball floor days or two Weeks
aie Jim Ertel and Bill Lodge Both In another shift, Charles Close, ol these were teammates ot Moody who has been playing the fullback on the All Star team Ertel is the position, was shoved into the line brother of Mark Ertel who won All at tackle due to the continued abAmeiican honors while at Notre senee of Bruce “Pinky” Wan:en, Dame and hails from Tipton Lodge who has had his knee placed in a played at Madison and was one of cast in an effoid to correct an inthe leaders in the drive that took jury Other key players on the Madison to the state finals where doubtful list this week include Kenthey finished behind Washington ny Smock shifty left halfback, still two years ago Lodge is now play botheied by an ankle injury that ing fieshman football but is expect has slowed him down in recent ed to report for basketball at the weeks, Fred Smerke, pass catcher culmination ol the present grid and acting captain ot this week's season team with a shoulder injury, and Varsity candidates who have seen Alex Leugo veteran center, with a
a gieat deal ol action are Ehleis, bad knee Ewantz Lawson Brower, Biggs B” Advanced
Kennedy, Menke Hoffman, Kerch j^hn Wojciechowski has been
eval, and MeVey Reports say that ^,p
Eddie Ehleis former Central of the “B ’ team to a positron that he South Bend flash has so far been ^g^g^ pj^yg^ before, that of center, hne of the more consistent varsity ^gj^g^g Qtto Huiile, who has peifoimeis Eddie has a woild of been doing most of the work at this drive and an excellent basket eye position during the past two weeks.
The third advancement from the second squad is Paul Gutting, a Shelbyvillg product, who will take up his position at end on the “T”
team
and uses both to an excellent ad
vantage
Buy War Bonds
Hear Charles A. Halleck 2nd District Congressman REPUBLICAN RALLY Lafayette Armory October ^9 at 8.00 P. M.
Coty’s Yar^Iey*s By the time you read this ad, our I CSiristmas qifts will he on display. Ma\ railin' Eveiiiiiq in Paris University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
305 State
Phone 4095jVS * "U
!{? *51^*
'f- '?if'
Thursfdny, Qpfp^r 29,
W!
Seven Officers Join Ulpt^rif pepartment
Personnel Notes TKA To Sponspr Ra(|io L^b To .Exhibit
r r Wilson paintings
Orig'iiial wdfercolor paintings by
Seven new instructois have le cently joined the staff of tlie inih
t«ry department, replacing ofiiccis ^g“gg^gj
who were ordeied to othei duty bj' the War Department All of the new officers are University graduates -The ne>v instiuctois aie Capt Fred P Robinson, CliE ’30, Capt tee W. McConnell, Ag ’37, 1st Lt Charles A McFaddeii, CliE ’41, 1st Lt Verliji M Wann, CE ’34, 1st Lt James M Howard, CE 35, 1st Lt Samuel Naismith, ME ’39, and 2iid Lt Hale S Jewett, Ag ’40 Prior to then new assignment, all these officers were serving at Foit Biagg,
North Carolina
Instiuctors who were tiansfeiied from the University by the War Department were Capt John L l^uby, Capt Hayold F Anti im, Capt phailes L Baum, 1st Lt Richard F
Companies ^o visit campus. McDonnell Airci aft Corp., St Louis, Missouri—Interested in ME,
CE and AeioE
U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D C —October 29 In-
engrneeis, physicists
and chemists
Forum Each Thursijay
Ivan Wilson of Rowling Green, Ken-
Notice^
RoRcr Willinnis Cluh Hnllowc CM paity I ncTny 1) m
riierc will bo a October* 30 at 8 —WARNFR
Eta Kappa Nu Copy of the }ateat edition of the Bndffe' may be obtoWtl at the Electrical EnRineering office They aye
.... ,
Glider Club October 20 it the Uinoa
MectiMK Thursday nip:ht ’ TO p m in room 212 of SHAKFI
on the top of the loft hnnd file
Tonight Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honoiaiy, will sponsoi the first of a senes of laclio piogiams entitled “What Do You Think ” These
, ,, , 1 , , .1 _ Enlisted Reserve *.rpHcants All sindents tucky, will be displayed in the ap- who passed the Enlisted Reserve Corps Unas
plied design laboiatoiies in Building S,^^rhue“tport"to WomTfoi%he
No 2 foi the next several weeks
Twenty-five landscape studies dcpictjng faim scenes, snow scenes
Bell A,rcr.ft. Buffalo, Ne,« York J’.T'™ =>"‘1
.r , n T cveiy Thuisday from 7 30 to 7 o5 w.ion,, on mi- instrnetoi at Bowl-
Armory for completion of theii enlistment
GRAHAM
Reserve Officers All studcnls hoUlinft commissions in the OiKani/cd Reserve Corps Kpi It to the Adjutant in the Aimoiy as soon ns eonvtnient —RIORDAN
Christian Eoundation Hallowe ch ^ Friday October 30 Meet at ISl $ Orhpt
,i.— —11
St at 7 p m For reaervdtlonB call ifdhn Moore 4271 loan Woods 61321 bob Nash 2670 Come in costume - NASH
and 3 Intel ested m
—Novembei ME, AeioE
Bethlehem Steel Co, Bethlehem, Pa —Novembei 4 and 5 Western Electric and Bell Labs— November 5 and 6 \ Devoe & Raynolds Co , Inc , LouisNovenibei 6 Intel ested in women chemists Bell Telephone Co —Novembei
6 and 6
Bendix Products Div, Rendix \viation Corporation, South Bend,
Incl —November 5 and 6
Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Coi p, Biaekeiiiidge, Pd—Novembei 6 Pan American Airways, Inc
Vanderfoid, }st Lt Paul H Delia, Heights N Y-Nov 9
and 1st Lt Paul H Rogeis
Graduation
(dontinued fioin page 11
to the head of each school To assist mstructoib in checking, the Regis
trap’s office will, on December fiist, Columbus, Ohio issue a list of candidates for degrees _
and distribute a sufficient nunibei of copies so that each instiuctoi piay check his own class lists and
Bureau of Naval Personnel— V-7(S)—foi Buieau of Naval Ordnance, Chicago, 111—November 12, 13 and 14 Interested in Decerabci
ME, EE, CE, and ChE
Joint Recruiting Board—Aimy, Navy, Marine Coips Coast Guaid—
Nov 17 and 18
in Older to bung a weekly foium of cuiient topics to the students “Financing the Wai” will be the subject of tonight’s piogigm The discussion will deal with “The New Tax Piogiam” and its effect oft the civilian and his normgl existence, and the pait taxes will have in the wai effort The speakeis will be Piof A H Momoe, a taxpayer, Di E L But?, agricultural economist, Shickeiy Anton, a student, Jim Biay, the TKA chan man of the discussion Next week, on Novembei 6, the topic of the program will be “Man powei Mobilization” and the follow ing week the gioup will discuss “The Second Front ”
Wilion IS an ait instructoi at Bowl-
Gieen College
Purdue Players All applications foi crew head positions must be in the Play shop olfitt by Thursday October 2') at B p m
—GRAY
Tau Kappa Alpha lunclunn Fiulav :( 111 OtLobei SO at the same spot WEISS
SCA Board Special meetinB Tuesday Nov 3 at 7 SO p^ m Election of officers
kili be held Please bo Present , „
-MOGAVERO
Debris All oipanizations with 30 per cent roprcsontation in the pin chase of the De
Aeroinodelors There will bean important hris will please submit the_ list of^^thiii
Modern Dance Important meeting of all members ol Modem Dance Thursday Oeto be, 29 --'HUFr
Prof. H. L. Solberg
mcetinf? at 7 TO p m Thuisday October 20 Plans for the indoor contest will be com plctcd It IS important thnt c\cryotu come
SMITH
went to Chicago last night to attend a meeting of i epresentatives of midwestein engineering schools and piofessional engmeeiing societies The meeting will piepaie the piogiam ioi the Midwest Powei Confeiencc in Apiil
Model Railroaders Meetinp* of Model Railroad Club Thuisday October 20 at i p m in new layout room lu Rub basement of Union off Student Union workshop to orp:ani/G for construction of layout All interested invited —ARMSTRONG
members hy November T so thnt tht Debris Busme‘ss Staff ean check md award i iiee Debris to those oij nni/ntions A minimum of II must b If hi, to tbe orffani7aiion in 01 lor to dualifj MINTON
Aiplia Phi Omega Outdoor campfire
melting luesdav November 3 at Rose St
•* will
niianee to Happy Hollow Gioup
the Union at 7 30 shaip —IvUCK
Camera Club Regular meeting Thur dav Oclobci 29 at 7 30 in Room 804 Rules for contest and discussion —PURMAN
Classified Ads
Camera Club Mr G D ■Williams ff th WBAA staff will talk on Studio IfehiiHuu this Ihiusday October 29 at 30 ‘Very interesting Be th^e Ro( m 303 —TRUEBIOOD
Sigma Delta Psi All men having passed severe leSts and who wish to be mill ted must attend this meeting Thursdav Octcbei 29 at pm in room 10/ of tnc 1 lel Ih sc - SLA ION
Conference
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, iUggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia
All Agricultural Students Interested in Poultry The Poultry Club is sponsoi mg i 1 Oultry Judging Contest Winners will re reive pnzes Tiainmg classes will btj.m rhursdaj October 29 4 to > p m BOOKFR
Dunbar Furniture Manufacturing Co, Berne, Ind—Inteiested in Sci-
„ , , ^ ence men familiai with cost ac
determine which of the students in
his classes are candidates foi de-
grees
Signal Corps , Washington, D G Inteiested in students with col
On the basis of all mfoimation degree and trained in cither
received, each head of a school will furnish to the Registrar by noon pn December 18, lists of candidates who are to receive their diplomas on December 21). On Commencement Day,
English, Mathematics languages
Ol foreign
(Continued from page 1) women’s branch of the Army is no different tiom the legulai Armj' in the variety of unfoitunale things that can happen to the rookie They told the sad story of the new WAAC who rolled in at 9 30 after a haid day’s woik and upon hearing taps at tl mistook the call foi leveille and dashed out to stand at attention in the daik until she woke up enough to leali/c what was
wi ong
Aim Of WyVAC The um oi the Women’s Aimy
Typewritera—Adding Macnines ail makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779
Ceres Actnes and Pledges Micling Tliurstlav night Octobti 2) it ) p in in Kiom !02 of tlu Union Building It is u„ uistid tint pledges bunt, well fillcrl 1 s 1 RAY
Lost—Man gold luimbcis 1301
-live, Elgin wrist watch with Reward C ill Jack Skillm in
Wanted—You may not be in the Army but you tan do y ur shai by ilting some j,b hi r which has ti he done Apply lui ihu Un on C iCttiia loi \v rk
All Women Swimmers licginnim, bill t gimp w II pi u till vciy Mon lay it I 10 p m All lilt listed eomt then Advaiic d gioup will piaotict ovtiy riiursdiy it B 11 m lOHNSON
Help Wanted—Siintont iiitiiist d in chemistry to w nk Iii ni 1, p n ti H a m No ixptii net me ssny W Buit loom 110 Ciitm Bid,
Phi Lambda Upsihm ImiortauC bisims ini ting iiitluding tleetion it )I I s r Woilmsday Nov mbti J it i I i p m in r om 210 of tbt Ui i n 1 li I m i is will b stived warn I R
lost— Heat rngims t xt riiqiit 2371
I ulheran Sliiilciits Dr oil Su I 1 ly Nov ml) i 1 icon, 10 tl lb Uni in
1 n m I lull III p 111 1 I WAI 1 ACL
I ost—Parkti lii ftiini pen Don BItttnor 22a Svlvi i St Rtwaiil
r lea t 1 hoiit
There are an unlimited nuraboi ot
actual diplomas Mill be given to openings for senioi engmeeis and ^VuMluriv Coips is Itr tut able those who are thus recommended physicists, as well as chemists, iiaon lor combat duty In by the heads of schools, and empty metallurgists, diaftsmeii, meteoiol^ oidcr to do this, WAAC’s aic at
Wanted— Ft xcd i (-110 bv S il 11 la\
f )st—A 11 ly s } H J L ulh bUcl bind Cill "u y Wtod Hill Kov u
\ itch H Uy
Code and Radio Instructions Cla < in b uni 1 ( dc in ti lu iu n ind s t in I j v < jdo ind i i(3io iiisliudiin ix Ixin*? u m i/cd Stction Will nicil two h iii j ci wt k M nday thioiijb I nd u iit i ar d '' J ni Sn n up in th Simih Jtot ni in Ui AinioiN pi 1 I Njv ml i 2 HI SI I r B1 R(
covers or dummy diplomas to those ogists, and architects The civil given tiaining in truck candidates on the list who are not service lepiesentati/e will be given jjuyiug, secietanal woik cooking
I ust—SCA pin Ann I Shntly It
luitiil A ') Rcwiid
'Jiy an I xpoiunl (lassificcF
.98
ALL WRITE LEATHER
and radio operation
Specific openings lor women wei e discussed by qualified woikeis in the vaiious fields ycstciday Giad nates ol this Univcisitv mule up
so recommended author itv to accept applications 3 After the grades for all candi authorize on the spot the dates for degrees are i epoited in the provisional appointment of any senusual maimer to the Registrar on engineering students selected December 19, he will, as soon as for the position of Junior Engineei
prapticable, check the records and However, those students provision- ^xitv of the list of spe.rkers
determine which candidates have ally appointed may not enter upon actually satisfied the requirements duty until all college course requirefoi graduation, and report to the ftiaats have been completed ilxecutive Committee or a special The United States Civil Service committee authorized to handle such Commission plans to have a gioup
of five men repiesentmg the U S Civil Service Commission, Wai De paitment. National Advisoiy Com mittee for Aeronautics, Navy De-
i DOES YOUR ? PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
A general outline was piesented m the moimng, and in the afternoon and the final morning session coeds had an oppoi trinity to ask questions
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
iy
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
matters on Tuesday, December 22 Mter action on these cases, the final list of graduates will be made up If any candidate who received a
diploma on December 20 has not paitment, and Depaitment of In fully satisfied the requirements foi tenor on the campus Ihuisday, Oc
graduation he will be leqiiested to tobei 29
return the diploma Any candidate A gioup meeting will ho held at whose diploma was not awarded on 11 a m, Thuisday, Octobei 29, m December 20, hut who, nevertheless, Room 108 of the Mechanical Engi IS found to have satisfied the re neeiing Building Aiiangcmcnts quiiements for graduation will be for individual interviews must ho granted his degiee as of December made before 3pm Wednesday,
20, and his diploma will be mailed Octobei 28
to him
Chairman Needed In PI A Ward B
Glee Club To Give Concert Tomorrow
Tomorrow night the University’s Men’s Glee Club w ill open its formal season in Indianapolis at the Scot tish Rite Temple The theme for the evening’s concert, which will be about one hour in length, will be “This Is My Countiy,” a number that has proven exceedingly populai with the G’ee Club’s audiences According to the tentative pro gram announced bv Director Albeit P Stew ait the opening number will be “Ihe Slai Spangled Banner” which will be followed bj a classical group, including ‘The Stai ” and ‘ Thanks Be fo God Bill Kennedy, Indiaftapohs hai itonc will he lea tuicd in a nunibci ol solos, with accompanist Da\c Simpson at the piano Male singing will also he fcaluud dm mg the pio^iani
Any PIA membei in Ward B, which is hounded by Fowler stieet on tlu south and VinC stieet on the cast, IS invited to submit a petition for the position of ward chairman of that waid This position is now
vacant
No signatures are necessary on the petitions The ward chaiiman will he selected from those who sub
Group Will At-tend nut petitions The waid chairman iT* B I T J power to appoint the offi Gst't'i© Sdlp Xodsy ceis and sub chairman of his ward Piof F J King, head of the and to handle the aftaiis of the animal husbandry depaitment, will ward
lead a group of faculty and students
/
"That fifoH
of the animal husbandry depaitment to attend a sale of polled shorthorn cattle at Linwood farm m Cai mcl to day Prof C F Gobble, Piof J T Frost and P T Brown are the other staff members attending the sale
Sian lilts Studio (Diitinclive Portraiture) 205 East State Phone 3413
...WO MATTER WHAT ms JOB...HE IS HELPING TO DEFEND AMERICA..,
judge Hill Will Speak Here Sunday Night
Judge Ficdciick IIill oi Los Angeles, Califoinia, will conduct a Icc tuie in the Eliza Fowler Hall, Sunday evening Kovemher 1, at 8 p in Judge Hill has chosen foi his sub ject, ‘Ihe Scunce Which Demon stiates Mans Ltcinal Identity” All students of vhc University are invited to attend this meeting, which In bjicnsoicd hj the lust Church of t hrist Judge Hill is a mcmbci of the Board of Lectureship of the Mothei (huich, lust niuich of Christ, Boston, M istachmctts
Christian Foundation
To Hold Party
Costuming will he in ordci at a Hallo vVe’en paitj to he gnen by the Chiistian Foundation at 7pm tomorrow 1 he pai ty w ill loi in at the Foundation Hou c^ai 1 H South Grant and the n piocccd to tin WAA gabijas Evcryhod'i is \ ckoint to attend, but it is suggested that hs pivations he made by calling Bob Nash (phone 2070) Rcii shimnts will he scived and a twintr fi\e pentb chai ge will he a I cd ol those
uttendmg
He may not be building planes, or ships, or tanks, or guns. But it’s "ten-to-one” he is working harder at his regular job because of vacancies caused by army, navy, or industry , . . working harder than he ever did before.
POWDER AUr/i
A glorious luxury! This Powder Mitt fits your hand snugly With it you can pat on your after-bath powder evenly and smoothly — drenching yourself in the fragrance of apple blossom or bouquet powder Finely fashioned in o rosy print on grounds of blue^ rose/ yellow or white The perfect gift'
GIVE HIM BETTER LIGHT TGHIGHT!
But Let’s Not Waste Electricity
1. Clean lamps and renectors regularly 2. Locate lamps efficiently. 3. Check electrical equipment Carefully. 4. Save service calls by hav* ing spare fuses handy.
5. Turn off unused lighK. ^
■V
He’s working harder and longer hours than' he has tor years. And eyestrain tonight... in his hours of relaxation • . , can rob him of the energy and aleitness he needs for tomorrow’s job. During these days of stress and strain it is doubly important to conserve out energy and our eyesight. So—in your home, wherever eyes are used for close seeing, reading, working, or playing, make sure you have protective light. It costs less today than ever before.
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
PUBLIC SER.V.ICE COMPANY OF INDIANA. INC.
iH