Purdue ^Exponent
Volume 51, No. 98
Thumdoy, FelMruary 1, 1940
Hurst, Hobbs Hained New ROTC Leaders
Hebbeler, Lyles, Butterfield,
1500 Couples Attend Union Opening Becker Will Lead Regiments
Vallely Officially Opens Addition; Dorsey
Plays For Largest Dance Of Season
Speaking before approximately 1600 couples in the south ballroom last night, L. M. Vallely,director of the Union, officially opened the recently completed Union addition. He told of the advances made by the Union in the last three years, and said that tonight we have reached the top and have a Union, the envy of all other Universities. Following an address by Paul
Cooper, Student Union president, Louise Shickler, Union co-ed executive, cut the ribbon separating the old ballroom from the new, the dividing doors were raised, and dancers moved into the new ballroom to the tune of Tommy Dorsey’s “I’m Getting Sentimental Over You.” Preceding the official opening, open house was conducted throughout the Union building. Every part of the building was lighted and on display. Union workers conducted tours explaining the workings of the completed building, and showed the location of new offices. Among the organizations now iii new locations are: Alumni Association, Student Union, Activities Bureau, WS GA, Senate, Exponent, Scrivener, Engineer, Pharamcist, apd Agriculturist. As the dance progressed different people were asked for their opinions of the occasion. The following was the statement of one of the
Tommy Dorsey
//
Tickets For IIIini
girls present. “I danced tonight. I danc0(d I said. There may be a few people who would like to dispute that point, but I maintain, I danced to the music of Tommy Dorsey . ”
Game Will Be Out
Monday" Doan
MackieToSpeakOn Student Conditions
Abroad Tomorrow
Robert Mackie, general secretary of the World Student Christian Fedeiation, will be here tomorrow to address University students on the situation faced by students in China and Europe. Mackie will deliver two addresses, one at 4:15 p. m. and the other at 7 p. m., both in the east faculty lounge of the Union. The addresses are open to anyone interested. Mackie is particu^rly well informed on the problems, since he has visited India, China, Czechoslovakia, France, and Britian in the last year. In addition to appearing in the Union, Mackie will attend dn informal supper tomorrow at the Wesley Foundation.
Distribution of student tickets for the Illinois basketball game here on Saturday night, February 17, will start Monday when properly validated student identification cards and game coupons may be exchanged foi reserved seats, it was announced last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticlcet sales. Following the senior distribution on Monday, tickets for the remainder of the classes will be issued accoiding to the following siehedule: Tuesday—Juniors W ednesday—S ophomoi es Thui sday—Freshmen In announcing the dates for coupon exchange for the Illinois game, Doan emphasized the fact that the student identification cards, properly validated to show payment of second semester fees must be presented with the proper coupon befoie seats can be issued.
WRH To Entertain Faculty, Students
State Senator To Address id t Open House Tea
Ceres Meeting In Ag Hall
Ceres, agricultural honorary fratei nity, in cooperation with the winter short course students, is sponsoiing an open meeting today in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall at 7:30 p. m. Senator Albert Ferris, Milton, Indiana, v^ll be the speaker for the meeting. Senator Ferris attended the University, ^nd is the Agricultural Alumni advisor. He is state senator from Wayne county, where he operated his home farm of 160 acres, besides being a manager of a 260 acfe farm. He is also entering his thirtieth year as a speaker on the Farmers Institute staff of the University. Trophy cups and medals will be piesented at the meeting to the winners of the Ceres Essay Contest.
Membeis of the faculty and their wives, and students will be guests of the Women’s Residence Halls at an open house and tea Sunday, February 4, from 3 to 6 p. m. The opening will he the first opportunity that the University public has had to officially visit west hall, opened last fall. All rooms will be open for inspection, and tea will be served in the dining rooms of both the north and south halls. Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, extends an invitation to the University to come to the open house. A capacity crowd, far topping any^of those last year, is expected. Residence hall girls, together with residence hall hostesses, will act as guides during the afternoon.
Student Heads
Marriage Course
First meeting of the marriage course will be held in the west faculty lounge in the new Union addition at 7 p. m. tonight.
Book Exchange Opens
In New Headquarters
Tiny Hill To Play For Northwestern
Triad Tomorrow
Tomorrow night at 9 p. m. the annual Phi Kappa-Kappa Delta Rho-Phi Kappa Tau Northwestern Triad will have their annual winter formal in the new ballroom of the Union with Tiny Hill’s orchestra. The dance will be strictly formal and only those wearing tux or tails will be admitted. Only those having bids may attend. These may be secui ed from members of the fraternities in the group.
This is the first fraternity dance to secure the use of the new ballroom. Tiny Hill, the maestro, was here last year to play for the Foresters Ball and just recently closed a long engagement at the Melody Mill Ballroom in Chicago. Born in Sullivan, Illinois, Tiny started with a hill-billy combination which developed into a five piece organization called Harry Hill and his Five Jacks. His first engagement was in the Inglaterra Ballroom in Peoria, Illinois.
About a year ago Tiny Hill and his orchestia started recording for Brunswick-Vocalion. The band’s recent recording of an old favorite “Angry” has bioken records, and the sales are now well past 50,000 and still going strong.
PI ay shop To Cast "Seventh Heaven
//
T oday At 4 O'clock
Playshop officials announced yesteiday that the third Playshop production will piobably be “Seventh Heaven,” by Austin Strong. Tryouts for cast positions will be held this afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall from 4 to 6 p. m.
Students interested in back-stage work will be required to fill out Clew application foims at the tryouts this afternoon.
Additional tryouts, because of the short notice, will be held tohiorlow afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. in Fowler Hall.
Star-Maker “Seventh Heaven,” popular play of Broadway, led Janet Gaynor and Charles Farrell to movie notice and stardom.
Frequently revived, “Seventh Heaven” toured last year with Francis Lederer and his wife, Margo, in the leading roles of Chico and Diane.
In all, the play offers acting parts foi eleven men and four women. There will be two detailed settings of World War Fiance used in the
production.
Open To All
... of campus organizations will he received at the home of President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott from 4 to 6 Sunday afterpoon, February 4. This is the second of a series, of teas; the first was held January 14, for students from foreign lands.
Over $1,400 was taken in yesterday, the opening day, of the Student Book Exchange in their new headquarters in the Union sub-base-ment. Approximately 700 books exchanged hands yesterday with another 800 on the shelves. Receiving of all types of books will continue until Saturday evening at 5 p. m. when all business along the receiving end will be discontinued. Selling, however, will continue until closing time, Tuesday, February 6. This yeai, getting to the Book Exchange is a different experience. In former years the Exchange was located in the ballroo m which was easily found by everyone. Now, in their new headquarters, it is quite an experience. However, if you follow the signs or walk in the west door of the Union and walk down stairs until you hit absolute bottom, you can’t miss it. There have been numerous requests for the following books which are not in the stocks of the Book Exchange. Included in this shortage are: all ag books, technical books for all four engineering schools, math 3 and 4, speech books. Thermo books, English books, psychology, books, government and history books. The Book Exchange officials like to feel that the Exchange is of, by, and for the student body. The practice of mild scalping, that is, of holding out books until the last moment in the hopes of a better price IS regarded by the Exchange officials as contrary to the policy of serving the best interests of the student body. Vince Hruby, chairman of the Exchange, stated that students have tended to set the price of their books too high. This not only slows down sales but defeats the purpose of the Exchange.
Inter-Fraternity Ball To Begin New Semester Formats
. . . interested listeners, the Univeisity agricultural staff will hold its second meeting of the year in the faculty lounge of the Union tomorrow night lasting from 7:80 until 9, with President E. C. Elliott as speaker. Dr. Elliott’s subject will be “The Relation of Better Teaching to the Promotion of Student Honesty.”
Frank Hurst, Sci ’40, was announced as the first ranking: officer in the University ROTC yesterday in a statement made public by the military department. Hurst, who comes from Gary, led a field of 172 candidates. Second in command is Vernon Hobbs, Sci ’40, of Richmond. Both will hold the rank of cadet colonel and will serve as brigade commanders.
Regimental Commanders
Zurke Will Furnish Music For Annual Pan-Hellenic Dance
Spotlighting the winter social season will be the annual Women’s Pan-Hellemc Ball, to be held on February 16, from 9 to 12 o’clock ip the south ballroom of the Union. This dance, the first formal co-ed bid affair of the semester, is for all members of Creek-letter sororities.
Bob Zurke, Detroit swing pianist, and his orchestra will furnish music for the occasion. Zurke, who was formerly a member of Bob Crosby’s band, was chosen All-Ameri-can piano play-
er by Paul Whiteman in the last poll conducted by Collier’s maga-
zine.
Bob Zurke
Dance programs and decorations will carry out the leap year theme it was announced by Mary Jane Carr, chairman of the ball. Preceding the dance members of the Pan-Hellemc Council and their dates will attend a formal banquet at the Union building. Tickets may be purchased for $2 at all sorority houses and will be on sale at the ballioom duiing the dance. Organized girls from other campuses are eligible to attend the dance.
New Associate Head Of Ag Station Will Assume Duties Today
Opening the formal social season of the second semester. Little Jack Little and his “bolero rhythm” orchestra will play for the Inter-Fra-teinity Presidents’ Ball Friday night, February 9. Over 400 couples are expected to attend the affair which will begin at 9 o’clock and continue till midnight. Tickets for the dance, which is annually sponsored by the Inter-Fra-ternity Presidents’ Council, may be obtained from all fraternity presidents. Tickets are priced at two dollars and the dance will be given in the south ballroom of the Union. Formal attire, either tux or tails, will be necessary. Once A Doctor Little Jack Little, the singing maestro, started his musical career with a college band at the University of Iowa. It wasn’t long until he realized that his chosen medical profession was slipping into oblivion, making way for a newer and stronger yearning for a musical profession. His featured feminine vocalist is Kathleen Quinn, a “cheerful little earful.” Little does not confine his accomplishments to playing alone. He has written many “hit” songs including, “It’s Only A Shanty In Old Shanty Town,” “Hold Me,” “Jealous,” and he is expected to play some of his new unpublished songs at the dance.
Dr. W. V. Lambert, newly appointed associate director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, has arrived from Washington, and will assume the duties of his new office today. Dr. Lambert, a graduate of Iowa State University, has been in Wash-
ington since 1936 serving as a staff
The four regimental commanders also bearihg the rank of cadet colonel will be: J. A. Hebbeler, L. L. Lyles, D. Butterfield, and R. C. Becker. Fourteen cadets will hold the rank of cadet lieutenant-colonel. They are: W. M. Hilt, R. K. Stradling,A. C. Perrin, J. G. Eilering, J. E. Nilxche, W. F. Berg, H. G. Kolb, K. C. Houston, W. E. Madden, E. C. Schrader, H. B. LaForce, R. C. Potter, R. Glasser, and R. W. Viehe. The following will take the rank of cadet major: R. E. Houser, A. R. Shackleton, C. F. Notler, F. B. Counterman, W. C. McWorkman, A. L. Sanders, R. L. Colby, W. E. Spreuer, G. G. Burke, O. Duckworth, R. F. Gerding, P. T. Cooper, G. E. Olson, J. C. South, C. G. MolJer, A. W. Rifenburgh, W. H. Myinger, and W. J. Tomehl. ’ Cadet Captains Those who are cadet captains are: E. N. S^Ver, R. L. Reiley, R. I. Coppes, R. A. Specker, W. D. Croft, H. W. Kashner, C. F. Lutz, U. L. McConnell, W. CarlquiSt, H. C. Dellinger, F. B^ Fugate, S. D. Ramseyer, R. H. Turnbell, R. L. Oblinger, A. V. Pustello. H. K. Clark, A. R. Cornell, C. E. Bowman, J. W. Cochrun, G. Palikucha, R. P. Selae, H. S. Laycock, J. I. Dean, W. H. Gibbs, H. W. Niven, C. J. Ancker, J. M. Rice, 0. J. Henderson, J. E. Dailey, H. E. Schooley, N. S. Phner, R. H. Conk-
lin.
A. G. Bignall, F. N. Prater, G, W. Smith, L. L. Holmes, H. E. Meeker, L. S. Havener, F. H. Wolfard, G. B. Meginnis, F. Hershey, C. H. Bonnet, D. R. Rees, R. R. Cooper, H. S. Williams, G. E. Bruington, B. H. Bums, W. R. Ott, E. L. Molzahn, J. P. Smith, E. G. Hobbs, and H. S. Jew-
ett.
First Lieutenants The 83 seniors who were named cadet first lieutenants are: D. W. Hallstein, H. V. Glendening, H. M. Knight, K. L. Mullholland, L. L. Wells, J. D. Hoffman, F. S. Bremer, H. F. Kratz, G. R. Frye, R. C. Stioup, E. Maurey, R. A. Fink, H. W. Heubner, L. L. Bushong, F. S. Hallett. J. R. May, J. L. Simmons, C. R. Pandel, J. G. Smalley, Jack Anderson, R. F. Hastings, T. A. Harris, D. L. Brubeck, A. H. Exton, R. E. Potts, C. V. Cagon, C. Boyd, R. L. Policy, F^ E. Frans, G. W. Breuer. T. A. Weldon, P. D. Hartman, M. F. Wildish, F. B. Kuchinsky, J. S. William, L. D. Sown, L. A. Nesius, R. A. Durbin, J. J. Haiggs, P. J.
member of the Bureau of Animal Uifoley, R, P. Witt, R. N. Speier, S.
D. Weldy, C. M. Ludwig, R. K. Bon-
net.
N. A. Brehmer, L. E. Freyman,
Husbandry in the U. S. Department of Agriculture. It was his duty to co-ordinate the research work there in animal genetics, in which he
studied for his doctorate.
The newly appointed associate director will have diii|ect supervision of the research projects in agriculture.
Yesterday noon, Dr. Lambert was guest of honor at a luncheon given by H. J. Reed, dean of the school of Agriculture, for the department heuds. Short talks were given by Director Reed and President Elliott on the research work in agriculture.
E.-.W. Little, G. K. Milner, R. S. Lukenbill, J. B. Jackson, F. G. Fultz, A. G. Bale, A. J. Golden, E. A. McClintock, W. B. Strong, R. A. Baske, A. F. Vogel, O. E. Griest, W. M. Beam, W. M. Hegg, H. W. Soderstrom, C. F. Sopcak, S. P. Stein;hach, R. Cassity, M. L. Meier, Bob Tibhets, B. H. Coffman, W. A. Lewke, L. M. Hauprich, L. W. Archibald, W. E. Unger, W. G. Carter, R. Obenchain, R. A. Trek, R. W. Huffman, H. O. Monson, G. M. Garcina, L. E. Lucas, J. U. Graham, J. Massmore, G. J. Nicklas, R. Jenkins.
Tomorrow Night
. .. starting at 8 o’clock, the Cosmopolitan Club will give a Valentine party for the members and their friends. Dancing, games, and refreshments will entertain members and their friends. There will be an admission chaige of 25 cents per couple or 15 cents per person.
Exponent Staff
All members of both co-ed and ed editorial staffs will meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the old Alumni offices. Ed workers are asked to bring their schednlo cards. For tonight’s staff see the notice column. R. E. INSLEY.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February L 1940
Qo-sdA.' Cohtfuih
Ulns tf literest to Wanei
Co-ed Rush To Begin Saturday Noon
WS64 Rules Will Govern Rushing
Second semester sorority rush •will officially b^gin Saturday, February 3, at noon with registration of prospective pledges. Registration will begin at 2 o’clock and will continue until 5. Rushees may sign at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Union for a fee of 50 cents. Formal rushing will begin at noon on Sunday and will continue until midnight Saturday, February 10. Pledging may take place at any time after formal rush opens on Sunday. No quota will be established by sororities as was the case in the fall rushing rules. Rushing dates ■will be informal consisting mostly of luncheons, dinners, or coke dates, and may be made for any time during the week. Rush chairmen and their sororities are: Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi Omega; Sue Enders, Alpha Xi Delta; Mary Schnaible, Phi Mu, Carolyn Ashbaugh, Delta Gamma colony; Jean Jones and Jane Scheuler, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Jeanette Klitzke, Kappa Alpha Theta; Caroline Scott, Chi Omega; and Jane Black, Pi Beta Phi.
U/tUlt TbuoA.
Featuring Indiana’s favorite sport, WAA is sponsoring a basketball tournament Friday, February 9 at 4 p. m. Practices for the tournament are being held today and tomorrow of this week and Wednesday and Thursday next week. Any co-ed is eligible without pre'vious practice, but WAA points will be earned by those having 2 practices before the tournament. Caroline Britton is in charge of the event.
■Women’s PEW Classes: All freshmen classes report to Physical Education in gymnasium costumes ready for ■work Thursday and Friday.
—CASE.
Exponent Co-eds: Work schedules are as follows: Thursday, February 1, Carroll Irwin, Stiers; Friday, February 2, Burtsfleld, McClintock, Campbell, Funkhouser; Saturday, February 3, Simpson, Stallings, Coulter, Beard. New schedules will be arranged at the organization meeting Saturday, February 3, at 1 p. m. in the new Exponent offices. Everyone who intends to work should be present. —SCHILUNG.
Flying Club: Very important meeting in Room 356 of the Union at 7 p. m., Thursday, February 1. Final arrangements for new ship, and payment of dues will be made. —KIMBALL.
Outing Club: There will be a hike and ice skating party Sunday, February 4, weather permitting. All who are interested please call one of the following immediately, Marjorie Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2823 ; ot Fred Cordua, 35293. —CORDUA.
Notices
No noticM will be accepted after 8 p. m. Reamer Club: No more meetings this semester. Next meeting will be held Monday, February 6, in room F of the Union. —REILEY.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 1, at 4 p, m. in the office. Be there. —COOLEY.
Agricultural Staff: The second meeting of the Agricultural staff will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union building from 7 :30 to 9 p. m. Friday, February 2. President Elliott will speak on the subject "The Relation of Better Teaching to the Promotion of Student Honesty.” —McCLINTOCK.
WAA: Next fencing meeting -will be held February 2 at 4 p. m. in the Woman’s Gymnasium. —STICKLER.
P.I.A. Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday, February 6, at 7 :30 p. m Every member must be present. —HINSHAW.
Interfraternity Presidents: Have replica of badges ready Interfraternity Ball. Call will start for them starting February B.
Cosmopolitan Club: Party 8 p. m., Friday, February 2, in room 363 of the new Union. No regular meeting. —SHICKEL.
Co-ed Hours Regular co-ed hours will be resumed tonight for the new semester according to an announcement received from the office of the Dean of Women yesterday. Hours for this weekend are eleven o’clock tonight, one o’clock Friday and Saturday nights, and eleven o’clock on Sunday night.
Purdue Peace Fellowship: All members urged to attend Friday, February 2, conferences with Robert Mackie. —BELCHER.
Scabbard and Blade Ball Committee: Meeting on the second floor of the Armory at 4 p. m., Friday, February 2. —PERRIN.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, February 1, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Ag office across from room A of the Union. All WBAA staff members please be present. —MILLER.
Camera Club: No meeting Thursday, February 1. Plans for photographic instructions and election of o cers will be made at the next meeting. —HEDDEN.
Aeromodelers: Meeting Friday, February 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important. —RILEY. Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting Thursday, February 1, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Shingles and keys will be passed out, and prospective pledges will be discussed. —HOUSTON.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Monthly meeting in room A of the Union, Thursday, February 1, from 7 :30 to 8 :30 p. m. Please be prompt. —CARPENTER.
Activities Bureau Workers: All sophomore and junior workers report for work Thursday, February 1, at 4 p. m. —BREWER.
Zouaves: Meeting Monday, February 5. Bring money for keys. —TEETER,
\ as seen in
MADEMOISELLE
takes the spotlight when rprp^gjBlifurls her drama. Crisp touches of swirling skirts... provocative details impatient to play their roles in capturing ^ young man’s fancy. Far left—Rayon crepe with buttoned-on pinafore effect of white eyelet. Black, navy, copen, aqua. 9 to 15. left—Two-plecer of rayon crepe with white silk pique trim. Black, navy, copen, aqua. 9 to 15. Above—Rayon jersey white new bodice and midriff, filing blue, aqua, rose, gray, Goupy blue. 9 tp 17.
LOCB&HSNCeaMMKV
Exponent Editorial Staff: Staff for tonight—DeHoog, night editor; kennedy, issue editor; Skallerup, proof; Parks, Neaton, Sidwell, and Sears, Workers. Will work on Friday's paper. —FRED.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
low u SS9.76. SnppUea. C. F. Bbmhoff, SOS Ibin aWeet.
klAlll
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Hoi spot for a Spot News Broadcaster! He named a killer and had to prove it! "SUED FOR LIBEL" ■with KENT TAYLOR LINDA HAYES — Plus — "THE GENTLEMAN ' FROM ARIZONA" ■with JOHN KING lOAN BARCLAY
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— WITH — JACKIE COOGAN BETTY GRABI^E — ALSO —
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
This Man was FRAMSD
Conitaace Froak MOORE'ALBERTSON PLUS—2ND FEATURE ^AUTRY .^^BURnETTE
FOB RENT
QUIET ROOM in new fully, inaulated house. Innerspring mattresa, eoraanOua net water; two blocks from union. 808 8. Grant.
FOB RENT—Room in new home, private entrance. 8B271. ,
WANTED—Two men students downstairs. Room and board. $22.50 month. 176 Littleton. 2160.
FOR KENT—Single room. 122 Pierce Street. Phone 7764. FOR RENT—Single Room, Quiet. Next bath on ground floor. 473 Maple. ROOM and nineteen meals per week. $80 month. 712 N. Main. Phone 846B.
FOR RENT—Clean, warm rooms for three gentleman students. Phone 31764. Comer Northwestern and Grant Sts.
FOR RENT—Room for gentleman in new home—gas heat—tiled shower—private entrance. Phone 2143. -
STUDENT ROOMS—One Single Room, One double room, Phone in room. 419 Dodge St.
ROOMS FOR kkNT—Double and single room—in new house. Phone 31861. 801 Hayes.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Scabbard and Blade key with owner’s name on back. Phone 41348. Reward.
FOB RENT—Roommate wanted in single room with single beds. 432 N. Grant St. Reasonable rates.
LOST: Brown spiral-bound NOTEBOOK in Union. Reward.
LOST—Glasses—Shell rim with gold nosepiece. In black leather button case. 5091.
PICK UP'BABY a FACE' BER'GBN AND 'SCARPACE’SNERD THEVRE KILLER DlLLERSi
UimiifiTu TODAY-FRM-SWDM
^Silky' Kitmount... the boldest and most astonishing charaoter in fiction!
ROBERT MONTGOMERY
as
EARLofCHICAGO with ' EDWARD REGINALD EDMUND ARI^OLD • OWEN • GWENN
— 2 DAYS ONLY — TODAY - FRIDAY
Suppressed—But UNCENSORED! Banned UntU Now By Federal Authorities! THE MOST TALKED ABOUT PICTURE IN THE WORLD! An Uncensored Romance of a Woman Who Craved Love! SEE IT TONITE! AMERICA'S NOal GLAMOUR GIRL
ALi SEAtS 35o
ADUlTS^ff^
TONITE - FRI. - SAT.
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY 11:30 P. M.
nT f-i
\ ' M a'^ '**
# ‘
Thursday, February 1, 1^40
£xfiamjnL Spo^ fiaqsi
Goff Tryouts Today Harry Allspaw, coach of the golf team, Is calling out all aspirants^ for the team today at 4 o’clock. The golfers will start practice immediately in preparation for the Spring training trip into the South. Matches already are scheduled with Tennessee and Georgia Tech as well as the regular schedule, which starts with Notre Dame. In the last 19 years, the Rose Boivl football game has drawn a total gate of approximately $6,700,000.
Names of Intraiits Due For All-Campus Squash Entries are now being taken for the all - campus handicap squash tournament which will start next week. Varsity players are eligible for competition, but will be pitted against the inexperienced players with a handicap, which will give every player an equ^l chance. Chief Clevett reserves the right to change the handicap a* any stage of the tournament. Exactly 669 University of Pittsburgh faculty members hold doctor’s degrees.
• SHOE BEPAIR BOSSUNG Winter's no time to run around barefooted in the snow Let us give your shoes quality halfsoles, hew heels, a new step in life
Phone 2240
221 State, W. L.
Foiit Bokitts Win Pour Putdile fighters Came out ol^ their first round and Lafayette’s second round of 1940 Golden Gloves fights, while six of Joe i^enna’s boxers were eliminated. The quartet which won jackets last night included Robert Browar, 136 pounds, DeWitte Weewee, 136 founds, John Wilcox, 160 pounds, and Bob Youkey, 147 pounds. Those boxers, along with the Pur-' due men who have not as yet seen action at the Lafayette armory, will be due to fight again next Wednesday in the third round. Last night’s Purdue men came out as follows: 136 pound class—Bob Mulvey, Lafayette, KOed Julius Watzich, Purdue in the second; Robert Browar, Purdue, won decision over Rodney Johnson, Lafayette; DeWitte Weewee, Purdue, won TKO over Jack Thompson, Delphi, in the second.
First Indoor
. . . glider contest of the new semester will be sponsored by University Aeromodelers next Sunday in the Fieldhouse from 1 to 6 p. m. 126 pound class—^Henry Pairfield, Lafayette CCC, KOed Carl Potenza, Purdue, ih the first; Richard Poynter, Medaryville CCC, won decision over R. E. Dilts, Purdue. 160 pound class—Paul Spencer, Lafayette, KOed Joe Lewellen, Purdue, in the third; John Wilcox, Purdue, won decision over Thomas McCall, Veedersburg. 176 pound class—Payne Hembrodt, Ciawfordsville, KOed James Connors, Purdue, in the third. Heavyweight—Floyd Starks, Lafayette, won a decision over Mel Holleb, Purdue. ’ % 147 pound class—Bob Youkey, Purdue, KOed Jess Roush, Morocco, in the second.
Riveters^ Illinois Normal f Wrestlers Meet Saturday Launching another dual meet campaign under the regime of Coach Claude Reeck, the Boilermaker matmen will play hosts to ■ the Illinois State Normal wrestling team in the second floor gym of the Fieldhouse Saturday night. The first match starts at 7:30 p.m. ,
OP
yc
ji CiarLi '
The flower shop you can depend upon to make you up a smart, attractive gift of flowers for any occasion.
527 Main
Phone 5432
IT'S COMING AT AN INCREDIBLY LOW PRICE! The Greatest Story of the Century Will Be Offered You for Only
Special Movie Edition; complete, unaltered text, illustrated tvith 14 fullpage ’’stills’* in beautiful technicolor, of
Margaret Mitchell's GONE WITH THE WIND The novel that “in sheer readability is surpassed by nothing in American fiction” is now offered at only a fraction of the price paid for it by nearly 2,000,000 persons! Every adult member of your family Will find in this gripping story, the reading thrill of a lifetime. RESERVE YOUR COPY AT DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
Although the lineup is indefinite at present, the results of the tryouts, which will be held tonight and tomoirow night, will he used by Coach Reeck in determining his starting lineup against the Illinois team. The only certain starter, Capt. Norman Willey, will see action in the 156 pound class. Second In AAU Five members of the varsity and five of the frosh wrestling squad weie in action December 8-9 in the midwest AAU meet at Chicago. Competing against Indiana, Northwestern, Ohio State, Iowa, Wisconsin, and several Indiana colleges, the Boilermaker contingent placed second in the meet, topped only by the Indiana University matmen. The only Boilermaker win was claimed by Frederickson, a sopho-
more in the 121 pound class. Several freshmen performed encouragingly in the meet. Meeting as many as three opponents a week for the next three-week period, the wrestling squad will have all the action it can handle for a while. INTRAMURAL BASKETBALL SCHEDULE Thursday, Febroary 1 Court 1 Recheiibach 7 00—Kappa Sigma vs Theta Chi 7 15—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Pi Court 2 Aronson 7 00—Delta Upsilon vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 7 16—^Acacia vs Alpha Gamma Rho Court 3 • Welsch 7 00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 7 16—Ward 1 vs War^l 5 8 00—Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 3 Court 4 • Smithson 7 00—Ward 21 vs Ward 25 7 15—Ward 26 vs Ward 6 8.00—Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 5
ALL SWEATERS and LEATHER COATS 20% Less Siujl TLoiv and, StwiL •
INC. 316 State St., West Lafayette
Phone 2237
SAVE at HAYWOOD^S
Free Desk Pads with Sets
$5.00 on your Drawing Set Vs on Loose Leaf Note Books Vs on all Student Supplies 200 Study Lamps, Special—64c each
(
NATIONAL LOOSE-LEAF BOOKS
APPROV]^
i
DRAWING INSTRUMENTS
Genuine
Dietzgen “Federal”
1047C
f
K and E
Dietzgen“Chanipion”
1037C
Trig
Dietzgen “Professional”
968'AK
and
Keuffel & Esser “Anvil”
N966C
V
Deci-
Keuffel & Esser “Arrow”
E1086
Trig SLIDE RULES
Keuffel & Esser “Pharos”
686
1
Post “Primo”
630
n
Post “University” U. S. Blue “U. S. Blue”
1035A 888
-
U. S. Blue “U. S. Blue”
1006
All our Slide Rules are brand new, this year’s
All These Sets Carried In Stock
stock. No lised or shopworn Slide Rules are sold
Get Our Prices Before You Buy
by us.
Established 1826
HAYWOOD'S
Filing Cabinets Desks, Safes Chairs, Tables Toilet Paper Paper Napkins and Towels Liquid Soaps and Dispensers Record Books Duplicators Fngra'ving Vortex Drinking \ Cups Fifth & Ferry Lafayette, Ind.
Arcker Budgets your Legs
So she wears Archer proportioned hosiery. And you, too, can economize the Archer way.
mmi & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 MainjIv ' ^Mk \
h' ■ , VI }
if;- ■
•-' •
THE PDltt>UE EXPONENT
Thursday. February L 1940
But
. •. you gave the new Union the once-over. In your ramblings over this new activities plant did you stop to realize what the State of Indiana was buying when they spent their $1,500,000 to expand the “corner of the campus ?” When a university like Purdue becomes known for having the nation’s best engineering school, one of the best agricultural schools, and progressive schools of science and home economics it is rather evident that both students and faculty have been doing some hard work. When someone does some hard work every day, six days a week, forty weeks a year they deserve, and must have, some place to play. The New Union will provide this place to play. Organizations and clubs that have never had a meeting place or an office can now be specifically located. Recreation space and eating space can now be expanded to meet the longfelt need that has arisen from increased enrollment iri the University. If you don’t believe we needed the NeW Union just have a look around and see how completely we fill it! .. . REI.
By Vladimir This column is dedicated to the Ne-w Addition to the Purdue Memorial Union Building. After making a cor^prehensive tour of the addition we have arrived at several momentous conclusions, especially the followr ing two: 1. We love every cafeteria of it. 2. We want a guide. « * >i< Por three days we’ve been looking for the new PIA office, but it’s been no use. Every time we seem to emerge from a long low tunnel into the rumble and crash of the bowling alleys-—and it doesn’t matter where we start. We’ll fool ’em. Next time we’re going to START in the bowling alleys. * *' * ' ‘ While we were lounging around behind the pins the last time we wound liprin the alleys, a friend (who got us back there in the first place) struck up a conversation with the pin boys. He didn’t learn'much except that the boys would like it if the nickelodeon were kept going. It makes their work a lot more interesting, they said, as long as folks keep away from “720 in the Books” which they said they had heard seven times that morning already. * * !|: Well, we had better start looking for the Exponent office. We have it on good authority that a Junior Editor, after wandering around the Union for a considerable length of time yesterday, finally called one of the seniors on the staff to find out just where it was. So we may have trouble turning this column in.
Indianapolis Symphony Drchestra Will Present Annual Show February 6 With Fabien Sevitsky conducting, the Indianajpolis Symphony Orchestra will present'their annual concert for townspeople and University students Tii^sday evening, February 6, in Memorial gymnasium. The concert will start promptly at 8; all , passports and season tickets will be good for admission. The orchestra played io enthusiastic capacity audiences on both appearances at the University last season. The concert to be given Tuesday night will be the orchestra’s only appearance at the University during the current semeste^ The Indianapolis Symphony win also give a children’s concert in the Memorial gymnasium Tuesday afternoon, February 6, at 3. The children’s concert is sponsored by the Lafayette unit of the women’s committee of the Indiana State Symphony Society. Of the 435 departments of engineering in U. S. colleges, 75 per cent do not require theses for bachelor degrees. The Mississippi State College power plant generates 2,000,000 kilowatt hours of electricity a year. I , , ,
To Present Dance Recital Wednesday Hanya Holm and her dance group •will present a modern dance Tecital in Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday, February 14, at eight p. m. for all co-eds and faculty members. Doors will be thro-wn open to men students after eight if seating spdce is still available. The group, which is making its second appearance on the campus, is being sponsored by the modern dance clpb, Women’s Athletic Association, Physical Education Department for Women, Student Union board, Women’s Self Government Association, and faculty.
Miss Holm is a well recognized artist in the modem dance field. After receiving training at the Mary Wigman School of Dance in Dresden, Germany, she became a teacher there. From there Miss Holtti was sent as an American representative to open a Wigman school in New York. Breaking away from the school she later opened her own school. Miss Holm has been a teacher at the Bennington School in Bennington, Vermont, for six summers and also at Mills College in Oakland, California. For several years she has conducted short courses at fifteen different universities, imong these being Columbia and Missouri. The recital will be free to all coeds upon the presentation of passports. Men students presenting passports will be admitted after 8 p. m. if any vacant seats are available. Faculty members may receive tickets for admission at the Memorial Gymnasium.
*4
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
NEW Slim JIM EVERSHARP PENCIL THE SUPER-THIN PENCIL WITH SUPER-THIN LEADS An amazing bargain—smart, modern design, gold-linished trim and real mechanical perfection. Writes super-thin, extra black line with EVERSHARP’S exclusive SQUARE leads that can’t squirm to a flat spot. | See it — write with it!
518-20 Main Street Phone 6437
H
ERE’S how Crown
Service does more for you!
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. ' 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinctio'n. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one.
F~l N E C L E A N E R S OF F! N E C L O T H E S
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
"DEAC"
DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Everything for a College Education
• pine
DR. A. M. IRION
COME OVER! -
DENTIST
EAT AT ED & DICK'S
119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
HAMBUR6ER INN
808 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT
5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• jewelers
OPTOMETRIST
R. C. EISENBACH
522 Main St. Phone 4Tdl
jeweler and Optometrist
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
504 Main St.
• Florists
• Hardware
Dorner^s Flower Shop
■ 1 Sperb Hardware
Quality Flowers
Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
Main at 7th Phone 6050
822 MairK Phone 2777
BUY YOUR TEXTS AND SUPPLIES AT
Sill
©BYKI’S
FREE Blotters and Schedule Cards