\
J i ’a
I ^ 3
^ V^»
' ■ o'V
V , V,-
‘4
x/p/(Uie4ii
Volume 53^ No. 70
West Lafayette. Indiana
Thursday/ December 4. ISIt
Senate Vote Discontinues Prom, Gala Week Elections
Twelfth Annual Debate Conference Convenes Tomorrow, Saturday Assembly Discusses Military Training; Sehricker, Elliott, Keesling Will Speak Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference and Legislative Assembly will hold their 12th annual meeting here tomorrow and Satudray. Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech staff, announced that over 1100 Hoosier secondary school students will attend the conference, and that more than 94 high schools will be
represented.
"'T!*he question, “Resolved, that every able-bodied male citizen in the United States should be required to have one year
of full-time military training '' Wason Will Speak At Convocation Next Sunday Afternoon
Union Formal Will Feature Ray Herbeck
Mimeograph Puts Senate Will Plan Gala Week Affair^ Pervine 3,584 Votes Activity Men Form Prom Committee
Ahead In SDX Race
YWCA Plans Varied Program Of Stunts For Annual Capers
nr . , , IX. ov-xcx,.-.. ixapcx aa x.iuie “Coed Capei's,” the second annual y. than 100,000 votes poured into the coed stunt program sponsored by
Ray Herbeck and his orchestra will bring their “Music tor Romance" to the annual Union formal tomorrow night. This will be the
first formal dance of the year to be . ™ , , , . , , ,., open to all students and will be held dpvelpped jnto a battle in both ballrooms of the Union from fi^mograph machines and local
Henderson Places Second As 100,000 Vo^siour In Voting for the Sigma Delta Chi
9 to 12 p.m. , The cost is
fense tax included; and tickets are being sold by the sophomore Union workers. Ticket sales are under the
book stores reported a land-office business in scratch paper as more
Exponent o&ce yestOrday.
The week-old ffood of ballots has
YWCA, will be presented Saturday Dec. 13, at 2:30 p.m. in the south
before attaining the present qraft age,” will be discussed in addition to the activities of
the legislative assembly: Many Prominent Speakers
’prominent speakers such as Governor Henry P. Schricker, Capt. Francis V. Keesling, Jr., of the national selective service. Dr. Preston
Betty Wason, HE ’33, who
economics and ended up as a transAtlantic radio reportei, will speak on “War Behind the Headlines” in a special convocation in the Music Hall Sunday afternoon at 3 p. m. Miss Wason has only lecently returned to this country from Europe after being held a Nazi prisoner. When she was in Turkey eveiyone thought she was a spy. The Btitish thought she was a Nazi spy, the Russians thought she was a British spy, and the Nazis had a
H. Scott, speech department head planned to have a career in home
at Wayne University, F. Harold Van Orman, former. Lieutenant Governor, Dr. W. N. Brigance of Wabash college, and Dr. E. C. Elliott will address the conference. The Legislative Assembly will be pfeSfded over by Fred F. Eichhorn, fdr^er state senator and chairman of the Indiana Public Service Commission, and James Knapp, speaker of the Indiana House of Represen-
tatives.
Assembly To Consider Bills
''iWd iefelfelatiVe assembly will be nian trail her.
composed of 67 “Senators” and 196 Formerly Home Ec Journalist “Reptesentatives” and will consider Betty Wason was born in Delphi 69 bills presented by the high and after graduating fiom the UmschoolS. The “Senate” and the versity she did journalistic work in “Rouse of Representatives” will be the home economics field for three divided into 10 committees each, the years. Then she set dff for Europe chairmen of which will be UniVer- and arrived in time for the Czechosity speech students. The usual par- slovakian crisis where she did free liamentary procedure will be fol- lance work for the Trans-radio
lowed in the assembly. Vital prob- press.
lems concerning the American pub- The convocation Sunday is being lie will be discussed by the commit- sponsored by the Associated Wom-
en Students and both student pass-
The conference will be opened by ports and season convocation ticka session of the legislative assem- ets will be honoied. Single admis-
developed a technical perfection Union ballroom. Proceeds from the
tickets which will be on sale for fifteen cents will send girls to the
never matched in another campus election. Starting with mere hand-
sciibbl^d, neatly-cut ballots, the ^^GA ^conference hejd each sum-
Tickets for the Sigma Delta Chi Riveter’s Rassle, Dec. 12, are being sold on the campus by members and pledges of the fraternity. They are also available at the Union West Desk.
mer at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
Varied Programs Planned
The slow death of campus political sentiment in recent years became final last night when the Student Senate by a vote of 20 to four adopted a resolution that the 1941 elections for
Prom and Gala week not be held.
To replace the elections the Senate resolution recommended that a committee be composed of seven student activity jun-
iors, and that Gala Week affairs be administered by the Student Senate. The resolution, will not go into effect until approved by President Elliott. Members of the Prom committee would include two representatives of the Student Union, one each from Exponent, Debns, AWS, PIA, and Cary Hall. The resolution as adopted stated clearly that “this method of selection of the committee shall
Exponent To Publish Tomorrow's Edition With Shopping Guide
Tomorrow the Exponent will present in addition to the regular cam-
All sororities and the thiee Wo- "e^s a complete Christmas , ^ , men’s Residence Halls will partici- shopping guide of what to buy and he employed this year only, leavpate. A variety of programs have ^here to buy it. . mg to the discretion of the Senate been planned, including several on I" ^^e sixteen pages, suggestions any future action legarding elec-
the “Ratio in Reverse,” “Putdue
Without Men,” “Twas the Night Be- everyone on any Chiistmas list. The first open meeting of the Senfore Christmas,” and the dating Uom little bi other to Aunt Sarah ate in three yeais, the vote on the
typewriter was next employed, and problem. Stunts which are limited ^nd including the family dog. There resolution was taken only after a by the third day a lubber stamp was to ten minutes will be judged by '"’•h be advice about what to'buy piolonged'discussion by represen-
in evidence on thousands of votes, three judges. The winner will ic- “him” and “her.”
tatives of every campus faction. Heavy vocal expression was made by foul members of the Progres-
for Becky Ann Pei vine poured in Company"^ of Lafayette. 'This ^h® home, gifts for the peison with sive party, who fought the resola-
Yesteiday near-perfection was ceive the Decker Plaque, which was Kinds of Gifts achieved when a flood of 45,000 votes donated two years ago by the Deck- There will be ideas for gifts for
plaque was won m 1939 by the Delta Gammas who gave a parody
with the mark of a mimeograph.
Printing Presses Legal
As yet piinting presses have not the daily news page of the Expobeen employed by any of the con- nent and last year by the Chi Ome-
direction of Harry Hudson. There testants, but Sigma Delta Chi of- gus with a skit about the latio. will be no corsages at the dance. ficials emphasized that it was defi- Gindy Hague in Charge Second Appearance Here nitely legal. The YWCA chairman in charge
Benny Stabler
a hobby, original gifts, practical tion until the Senators took their gifts and impractical gifts. vote. Charges that the resolution The shopping guide also tells how which was signed by eight activity to buy gift wrappings, and even how leaders constituted a “plot” by the to apply them. As a final service Boilermaker party to salvage somethe guide tells how long it will take thing from the dissolution of the the package to reach any part of party were refuted when it was
XT u 1 j t. X! i-u mt. n • 1 • of the panel's is Oir.Hv Hapiie Tbe the world and wains eveiyone to pointed out that five of the eight Herbeck appeared here for the The Pervine mimeograph ingenu- ''"® capeis is irinay nague. ine . . , r-x, „ •„ ^ 4.i,„ T>r.n o 1. /? ii.__ A T ^ j -..•xi. - followmir pirls mp f*haiTTnpn in f.hpii’ remeinbei to mail their Chiustmas signers of the lesolution were Pro-
first fall mixer on September 6. ity placed her in the lead with a following girls aie chairmen in their His vocalist is Benny Stabler, who narrow margin of 3,584 over Mar- l>ouses; Alpha Chi Omega, Virginia S' ® is also featured as a cornet player. gueritel Henderson, who is still us- keiser; Alpha Xi Delta, Ruth NewThe backdrop shows a dancing ing the archaic rubber stamp. June 1'°"’ Ghi Omega, Juan Shelbhrne; couple dressed in strictly formal Darrow. Wednesday’s leader, is Gamma, Virginia Creson;
style, and the band fronts carry out now far behind with only 31,363, not Alpha Theta, Betty Lewis; the formal theme with top hat, having advanced beyond the pencil f^^PP^ Kappa Gamma, Maren
white tie and gloves.
Herbeck Was Dentistry Student Herbeck began his band while a dentistry student at the University of California where he was the star pitcher of the baseball team. For a
having a total of 2 votes
,. . , , , Voting for the queen and her two time after graduation he played piomptly at 4 p.m.
sl;age. Chestnutt; Phi Mu, Winified Kreipn AJxio Pi Phi) Jean Moses; Wood Davis Adds One Vote tj n r> n j xTrx.xT At xi.
Hall, Rosemary Boyd; WRH North,
Peggy Davis, perpetuaUueen, in- ^ech; WRH South, Billy creased her total 100 per cent, now Nicholson, c.j.w. r.m.f.
Home Ec Club Exhibit Honors Ellen Richards
semi-profesj^ional baseball. Herbeck became known in the east
Friday afternoon. Following are the totals to date;
46,378
sions will be available for 55 cents. A reception in her honor will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union following her addiess Sun-
day. a.c.
Players To Present 'Petrified Forest'
Next Week
bly, and practice debates. Nonparticipants of the conference will attend special meetings on dramatics, I’adio, and voice improvement. The military training question will be the subject of an intercollegiate debate between Purdue and Wisconsin, later in the day. At a banquet tomorrow evening, the Concert Choir will furnish the music. Following the banquet. Playshop will present a special performance of “The Petrified Forest.”
Activities Concluded Saturday “The Petrified Forest,” Robert Members of the Indiana Associa- Sherwood’s Pulitzer Prize winner tion of TeAchers of Speech will con- of 1935, will be piesented by Playsider “Speech Activities of the s>hop on December 9, 10, 11, and 12. High School Pupil” at a breakfast The play will begin promptly at me^tirig on Saturday. The legis- 7:30 p. m. the first thiee evenings latjVe assembly will continue their ^^ou at 8 p. in. on Fiiday. Reserved Activities Saturday, and another seat tickets for the play are now on general session will be held. The '^1' the Fowler Hall ticket of-
fice.
Janet Decker and Don Gracier head the cast taking the roles of Gabby Maple and Alan Squire, respectively. Others included in the cast are Sid Sterns, John Mingle, Robert Huffman, John Lippert, John Clark, Ruth Dray, Grant Fieldon, Dorothy Murphy, Jack Low, Robert Rupkey, Bernard Berman, Arthur Barch, John Jones, William Lester, George Zissis, and
Robert Cederholm.
Action On Arizona Desert The action of the play takes place
to points in and ^ filling station and lunchroom today, tomorrow on the Arizona desert. Gabby Maple
after playing a record breaking en-
gagement at Westchester’s Log Marguerite Henderson
Cabin Farm in Armonk. The band Darrow has appeared on coast to coast CBS j^ose broadcasts and has made Okeh rec- Morehouse ords Recently Herbeck has plapd McCartney at the Edgewater Beach Hotel m cinny Schaup
? GTi-eerrs m Pittsburgh Ostrander and the Biltmore Hotel m Los An-
fi:eles. s.b.
Expo Juniors Meeting in Exponent Office at 4 p.m. tonight. —TRAUGOTT
Donna Siess
Barbara Fellows
Bertie Cole
Agnes McCulloch Mary Ellen ScarlF Jeanette Haynes
Peggy Davis
Dr. Egloff, Chemist, To Speak To AChS^ Next Monday, 4:30
Dr. Gustav Egloff, noted petroleum chemist, will speak on “Recent Advances m Peti oleum Chemistry” at the University ^ section of the American Chemical Society meeting on Monday, Dec. 8, at 4:30 p. m., in room 106 of the Chemistry Build-
pj261 '"S' Following his addiess Dr. FS" 2 260 ’’'® guest of honor at
a dinner in the Union.
By Ann Wickard
gressives and that all the activities with representatives on the new committees are not in any mat|n@c
political.
During the discussion, Senator Rill Long presented for consideration the results of a Senate postcard poll made among 200 students chosen at random in which sentiment on the resolution was evenly divided, , * Charles Dangelmajor, a member
42,794 31,363 9,884 8,473 5,841 5,063 4,989 4,867 4,760 3,401
Home Economics students prob- of last year’s Prom committee, made ably have one woman to thank for a strong plea on behalf of the PrOthe fact that Home Economics has gressiVe party that the resolution been developed into the science jt is be tabled and that the Senate di?today. Ellen H. Richards dared the lay action for a week in order that caustic comments of a man’s world some attempt might be made to rqwhen she entered Massachusetts In- organize the Boilermakers and thus stitute of Technology in the early present two tickets. Several rapm’70’s, the first woman admitted to a bers of the Boilermaker party prestrictly scientific school. sent said in rebuttal that chances Omicron Nu, Home Economics for reorganization were non-exis-honorary, recognized Ellen H. Rich- tent and that in fact “no Boilermakaids yesterday, with the outstand- or party now exists.”
2,346
2
Music Room Provides Refuge For Symphony, Swing Lovers
sity art work as possible are put up. At the present time a group of
ing events, of her life posted in the Home Economics building.
Degrees from Vassar
... ...xv. ..X..XVX11. She had already received A.B. and
Dr. Egloff was awarded the gold A.M, degrees from Vassar. This was ponderance of votmg strength on medal of the American Institute of the age when girls were cautioned the Progressive party. Chemists for 1940 and the Octave to take walks m groups of three, and I" an effort to block voting Tbm
Chaniite Medal of the Western So- to eat with a fork instead of a knife ciety of Engineers in 1939-40 for when possible, according to her his outstanding work. He is the au- diary. Although under the ridicule thor of over 425 articles relating to the late-Victoiiaii policy of no petiqlcum and its chemistry and knowledge for women, she remarked has been granted some 250 patents tkat she came to college to train herj.i various piocf%ses. to make a show; and she
Will Make Industrial Tour satisfied.
Among the suggestions she con-
One Boilermaker spokesman said that there was no movement or desire within the Boilermaker party to reorganize, with the present pre-
Moran, Progressive, asked if the Student Senate had power to act on the proposal. Senate President Dick Dibos replied by stating that Prom and Gala Week committees have Uo official status and serve only by precedent, it being a function of the Student Senate to make an anJai|A;l recommendation that voting either
conference will be closed with a final round of practice debates and a final session of the legislative assembly Saturday afternoon, c.w. F. E. Robbins T o Lead Agronorriy Classes On Inspection Tour Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department will lead the annual tour of agronomy classes under
his instruction
around Chicago ,
and Saturday. Annual agronomy in- waitress in the lunchroom. The Speption trip includes classes 23 and sudden entrance of a gang of dan4 in agronomy, geious bandits interrupts the peace Today Professor Robbins and his of the lonely desert spot and brings students will attend the Internation- excitement onto the stage, al Livestock Exposition, Interna- The crews which are working tional Hay and Grain Show and with William L. Deam, director, and Swift Packing Company. Mary Alice Miller, rehearsal assistA tour of the Olson Rug Co. and ant. are Merle Keck, stage manthe Corn Products Refining Co. at ager; Meyer Evanson, master carArgo will be conducted tomorrow, penter; Marianna Duke, properties Saturday morning will be spent chairman; Roberta Walker, cosat the Chicago Board of Trade, the tume chairman; John Morrison, efmost active grain market m the fects; Leland Fishbeck, master elecworld. Clarence Henry, formerly as- trician; Mary Jane Osborn, makesociated with the University, will up chairman; Martha Rosencrans, take the students “onto the fioor” house manager; and Anita Worsley,
to watcb action in the grain pits. g.s. publicity, p.s.
By Charlotte Hass
Few people who spend any time
in the Music Room of the Union qq photographs and paintings in a Recently, Dr. Egloff was named Among the suggestions she conBuilding fail to realize the possi- display of “Art in Connection with a member of the committee of the U’‘kuted were the serving of school x.i,„ TTn;,,' _„:x.,
■' ' National Research Council which l™®hes, popular use of charts and the approval of the University Ptaa-
will make a tour of industrial ex-
bilities that it offers to them. It is the purpose of the Music Room to provide refuge for loveis of symphony and opeia wheie they can relax and gain access to the world’s mastci pieces ol music, as well as to servo as a letreat foi the swing-
weary public.
In complete charge of this feature of the Union are Kathryn
Music” are being shown. Committee Sponsors Sing
It IS the annual function of the
committee in charge to sponsor the leaves March 17. He has been called All-Univeisity Sing which takes upon repeatedly by state and naplace ori the eve of Mother’s Day tional oi ganizations to jiirecL imcach year. In previous years lecoid- portant projects and he has been ings have been made of the winning a delegate to eleven international groups. meetings. He is Diiector of the ReThis room is still in the child- search of Univeisal Oil Products
Beitsch and Bob Seeberger, junior hood stage. In 1936 when there was Co., Chicago, 111. j.e.n.
executives of Student Union. Under talk of completing the Union Buildtheir supervision, the room is open ing, J. N. Davis, at that time a foi use of students, faculty and columnist for the Exponent, protownspeople at all times and any of posed the idea of having a room the 2600 recoids there will be especially devoted to music. With played upon their request. Piesident Elliott’s help the innoPrograms Presented On Sundays vation was enlarged and accepted. Every Sunday afternoon which Upon final completion, there was
ploration of South America, which t‘'® organization
of Home Economies gioups in different states. Later she served as
models to show the composition of nlent.
Following is the resolution adojited by the Student Senate last nigM; “Be it resolved that the present campus political set-up be revised
Camera Club To Hunt For Pictures Tonight
president of the organization she helped to found, the American Home
Economics Association. Strove for Better Conditions
As a leadpr in public health, and pioneer in her field, Ellen Richaids strove for better living conditions as a first step to higher human ef§ciency. Between the years of 1898 to 1911 she wrote 13 books and collaborated on many other books and pamphlets in an effort to make the
for the scholastic year of 1941'*43 and in lieu of the present set-up the following arrangements be madet That the functions of Gala Week be turned over to the Sfudent Senate, with the President of that bod^P having full responsibUity for thhs function. That the function of the Prom committee be assumed by a seven member committee composed of the following members: two from the Purdue Student Union, one from
Ti/r u j. X.U r. ^11 iiew science universal and accepted.
Members of the Camera Club are the Purdue Exponent one from
- - - - planning a scavenger hunt for to- , , , ^ ivi i n Debns, one trom the Associated has no conflicting umveisity aetiv- found to be little money for records, night at 7:30. Those attending are ^ scienunc metnoci sne ap- Women Students, one from the Plpt* ity, the Music Room committee President Elliott found that the to meet in room 304 of the Union Even children received her at- independent
presents outstanding talent program, Often local people take part in these recitals, but occasionally guests from other schools and cities come to exhibit their talents. In the near future, Noel Lee,
Carnegie Foundation gave record- and from there may depart singl'y t^ntion injducation, for she was the
Independent Association,
experience in teaching cooking to children.
Corsages
one from Cary Hall; all memburtf
shall be juniors.
The election of a committee mem* ber shall be the responsibility qf the organization the member rbpimv
At its special meeting last night sents. This committeevshall meet
ings to worthy causes, so with his or in groups of four to take uneffoits the Union was donated 2000 usual pictures. The first set of four records and a playing machine. pimts turned in will receive a prize. Survey Conducted Next Week Contestants will take chiefly flash A survey to be held frorh Dec. 7 pictures although other types may
pianist, and Marvin Smith and Car- to Dec. 14 will find out how many be taken also. Members may cover the Senate adopted a recommenda- to elect a chairman not later tbpik olyn Wood will give concerts. students, and towrrspeople would be the East Side as well as the campus tion that all campus organizations the first of ne.\t semesterThe walls of the Music Room are interested in forming a Music Club, in order*to fulfill their assignments, except those of a private nature method of selection of the cammHilll equipped with adequate facilities This may be the next step in ad^' Officers of the club will serve as sponsoring dances be requested to shall be employed this ye|Nr for the exhibiting of pictures. As vancing public’s knowledge of the judges. The prizes are; first prize, adopt the policy of not having cor- Future selection will be Sinbtie^ lilft many different collections of art, semi-classical and classical music. $2.40; second prize, $1.60; and third sages except for Prpm, Military revision if such is deemed Camera Club photos, and Univer- e.f.h. prize, $1.00 d.c.p. Ball, and Sophomore Cotillion. sary,”out leave askt of
The quotation is frfl|iv^Book 2, line 681; and thereafter.^^Jiat' %Wi is didn’t tell his listeners :<fea8it‘hAt
BeatsoBi, and Robert Allen
IMwm
tL*^?hape’Ms’V2thTiL^^ti’*' iK^I^ast^rt^rfet in ajQt<?ffe(stwn’.bit pf'iegi^lnt^on ,, has s^hly^takcn c^re of the piir..«.4 "Sfalilont:' Spifftte '•adOpted' af'i ffeSirtlll'f.ioVl *oii+''^/:>rn.rvitttooca vltiif tli'o rirnhlAm tVlOf UOIV
FeatiifCS Dinner Club Wi^ Meet
tbmorrow^in
are those of Hell; and the speaker the "StM'dent^ Sedate -adopted afi feselntion that hb,w ThreeyeneranviQtors Iiims ■'so enthusiastically quoted by John changing fthe method of selectioilvof ]^bm ..... presented to the two hundred
L. is—.Satan,
JPletense .Hitis Ji^naces^
and 'Gaia Week committees. The!i,resolution was'the rdikuit of a peculiar political situation
/dose^’S'Se bmnd if IfenseSfo^ that has arisen on campus this fall.^After last
Motors FiIITIS Faculty
! j ; ■ , ' ' will meet tomorrow at 6 p, hli, in the Three General fdotor’s films were Home .Fcononiies .Gafeterlai: ;]Dr.,-. . ^.esented to the two hundred peo- Alma Long will present colored
mustijac .faced is arrangements Tor elections pig the meeting of the Society of slides and Dt. Vivian Johnson will in fpture xe|irs..It i^„pbv|o,US that, tile.,prekeftt Automotive Engineers in Room 207 ..of .VeJlQWStfthe , , V 1.1. J -r 4. Ta ...4- It. of the ME building last night. Films tional Park anjdrBoqlder!>Bam.:J»iM' lOhtJbal Upasi must bb altered if student vot- induPep ^vere “Frontiers of the Fu- Laurentza ScHantz-Hansen, ch'air-
ity medicine which has gagged so year’s defeat the^Bollermaker party colla^sed, , is'to continue. Those who argue for pop- ture;’’ ‘?^sei-The^dern Pow- ^^n, will preside, j.e.n -maiay-business firms. Also it-has |;®d the cam|iUs thi8?f^Haced an election, with iijiar selection of these comipittees contend an mgs oi e ense. ^ f‘“ had a Jclose-up of. defense banking. .Qrily therJ&r©jP’f^aiVa R^Tty subniifthlg.jalti«k- 'that elections, lldid; eolor to a dull cambns Jif^^ A.;E. is sponsoring a uve ox .
jiik y. S.^ Senator Finds;
^jFqwncf^tigw;'
wSalTraS’ShSSS^^ ?# for 'sipd^i^p»rpva.l. Undex these- copdi- 'and are, an iptegrakpart of student activities, 5npere!?hL?inmiiSedtu^^^^ ... wili-lioidits.-AnriUaiG.hi?istma,s; 'fiWj|i^idingd lt.^as,to-^#j|an.iby a. eli|npiufs?iys0l?0.i3ypuld b«ive .been'istppid, b^t these goals citni-never be reached-under.la information in the ME building of- party to.moinxdw-iat:i8-.i00:,pi.m,..and\it 'November 1. However, due to aii In fact, the committees might aS well'have.politicai system where one.party controls over flee or from Jim Roman at the Phi is open to all freshmen. selected fheir candidates. . . • . Some of the feature attraCtions- ' The Sfin^te wias-.'Xeqtiestedtlast nigbtifo.pre-. faxe^nor.act.upl Issues iia a Prom, and Gala Week ' The program for the coming year will be the smging'; ofc^^ols, airist-
; v ^ " V. ‘ ^ i J 4. ■ 4? 4. ..will ihelxide}honthlyi'ri,oviesrinspec- nms games,and a ejhristmas,greetventa completelyone-sided vote'for Bromand ^oleGtjon and the students seem to refuse to ,0pg g ingi. > • h h •'
Gala .We.ek committees, which wopld pote for. personalities, elections break-down ,j;Q .(.},g pj^g ^ Indianapolis auto There will also be an important - vReason ;for;-the delay .fethat’'' a. jkiJ}ed 'f-at^:reneiectiope«--iPh©ir,i.acfiob'.WvlSrp,ure- ;, intorVoting.y-eaX after yeaX;for thO)Party-jVlth ;races. h.h.a. election of officers. c.LbK . .
priorities official rejected-an-appli- ly a'h emergency measure ;• the purpose of the Which your particular organization is affiliacation for some ^ssential .equip- resolutlon-was'net'to-abolish-forever^popular ited-rlfTt Is.desirable to conduct elections just
';(M' :tte.sate oI having elections which .we
a...... tnu-—4. 1 1.. admit isn t?a. very mteilectual-reason,
.the, plies,ent Progressive pai-ty bloc must -be ■ broken', and campus -vote split on a more
..equita-bleibiasis.
amazing .blunder by the OP,^ ^iBiritiBS Division, the , j|.q®dh-
v'roipi M'lqu’f
January 1, two months behind
time.
df Satan By
LewiSv . - . i . ';^J^|J^rHei!^s;^^at^ij^;^VTuxet-cl6ctiQns. Jaiefresolutiomis.to ^pply only Washington, Dec. 3. — Sena- Tin September .a New .Yqilk epn- -for this schplaslSP year because., it is believed tot Toni Connally has not wanted tractorhired to install sandwich that, elections sbould'be,contiinued in the fu-
tothrow any monkey Avrenches fato grills, steam tables and other facil-
the ‘’^?ace” negotiations .-with xJa- ities in-the nhw restaUfanty rap- ‘ , ,
pan,,.‘|o;b^';keBt, q,uiet the fact-that .plied-to. the. OPM-for-a, px-iqrity ,.rathis |i’ol^eign ^RelationsyCommittee ,ing on-the iron-,and steel needed for | has.iwvfi ^vdmg o’^i^^hce on Ja- the job. Getting noft-^iy foi’.several v pahijse subvefsiye activities. weeks, he Wrote'again. Submitted by'Senator-Guy Gil- Finally,. im'Gctobor 20, he re-
Icttbl-ofloWa,, author of ^ the bill for a probb -<^4 these operations,-: the; eyitlcp^ •revqals, that while Speftial Envoy sKjPWam has, been talk-ing„a,mity, agtefe qfhis goveimment- have b^n org9Jii?i»g .va, secret i>rofAxis .army in th®' Spited‘States lapd-^Hawaii. Arbording 4o Gillette, three, org^i^ations -vare -actiyejin-these IWIBibfWvbp/.operaGous •r-r-', the-Jap-a«e$e .Milit.ary 'Servieemen’s Lbague, the National Citizens Lgaga^ and the Japanese Imper-
ial;€(omradeship'Society.
; cei ved'-ia ilettot i-wldch' idauSed' him to blink. It stated in effect: “Wc .regret'fto .inform- you that your .appliicati9h'(hafe' 'beett.?ldah>«d. iWe ,feel that the restaurant in the ‘Ne.w York; House, of; R^presentav -tives will i be able 1 to get along .with, its itresent.equipment.”
The stunned contractor rushed ..yyas . awakened from down to Washington apd tqok the -Jast, Saturday, 1:30,
Ann Sickman, ‘-W-hn is g-Oing ■ to .niarry,.a. D.^lt the SQth of;Decera,bor,
so.und sleep ni. pBut it
matter up with. David Lynn, -arch- wasn’t .anothexv coed getting in late iteet of the Capitol. Lynn, proinptly —up; just soine of ■ Arm’s • Squth contacted , Priorities Chief Donald Hall i Chicks sei’enading her on her Nelaon,'■' who -iapologetically issued forthcoming marriage.
10:,0,0 News lOil-0 Curio -Man 10:l;5’.WBAA;‘Pre,sc!its' - 10:30 iListen While-You .Work 11:00 iFe,dei;atcd‘Clubs 11:15 -MiUsic •' ■ 11:30 Pareixt .Teacher Association 11:50 Purdue News ' 1,2:,0,0 Agricultural. Foium
Gillette-claims to have px'oof that the-■needed,priority oirier. , h- . -i, ", ., , 12:15 Meet the.Band twq:-of These ,organizations have a Th,at’s the way a lot of priprities ... 'We see Mexican Joe lijdesta fol- 1.2-46 (Flexible for Special.Events) gibup„of-7,200 adhei-ents, chiefly in .are handled, only in this case Con- ^o^ving .Delta Gam Ginny . Creson A :0.0 Souvenirs Calib^rnia . and ;Hawaii. They ..are gress heard about it. , -arouxxd'her-Chen^istry lab-wh.ile h,e 1-3.0 Science Review tO' “die for , Japan. Also convinces , her . that he would'be a 1:45 .Mai-kets ■ he .has evidence-, that all three or- The Ho,use .Appropriations Sub-.go^jjiad: to-date. What’s the mat, ,2:00 A-Story a-Day gahizaHons arepcai’rying. on-activ- .com-mittee. investigating. , L.a.ti n tei'pin-man.Paetz,.’.donT,.you believe ,2,l5 ‘The Apotheeaxy
'J^tilonvIdeavGiinic To Me&t In PMtt^ring Shgp Tprilght Idea'.'Glihic -will 'he cohduCted by J C. iF- '‘Boestei'V'head of the iPurdue i Houking ■ Research department, in ■the Piittering Shops,,at 7:30 p.,m.,tonight; ' The- .Cl'ihic ‘ is -.avaifable To'.- all students ,as part of the Union nrt progwanxi--' Originalcnllhded'' stntleiifs ■ ■'’(vith j ideas-fol' ■ itivention-s -axid'-ihdust'i’ial clesig'ns xVill 'be'-'given T'l’ofegsibinal guidance at the climVv'Mri. Bo'ester, ? who owns sOVriAl'hundred patents in the hoilsingifieidV'will :dire'et-',a‘ncl develop student’s ' ideas i'n .■subjects j rang'ing- fxom ad^ertiSing'-layGuts to I designs ■ of .engine pai'fcs -for'-air- s planes.' Arrangements ■ ‘ hhVef -been made by^MiSi Boestex’- arid'Mi'.'. Pai'ks for the usedf'any tools or'equipme.nt by which Students require to work out th^ir ideas-
today iPRiO^AY
Oon-s v^i^ kee^ng^a wolf away ffO-m his wife! R^hasthatfeminine touch tivat drives menwild!
LIFE OF A THOROBRED" A SPORTS REVIEW" FOX MOYIETOflE NEWS
ities .hostile to our • national de- America wilLnot .soon fox’get their fehse and have raised, considerable meeting with Dr. Arnulfo Arias, desuips .for the Japanese army gnd pospd pi'o-Nazi president of Pana-
na'^..' ■■ - , 'ma.' ■ i' ,-
. A -reeent FBI laid on . the head-
quaist.ers-of two other Japanese organizations in Los Angeles produced I'ocords showing that, large ampuiits-of, money, had been sent to Tokyo;fOr the military forces. ;CUl«fcte also-has evidence that Japanese-Americans who refuse : in-jqjn the fifth column units are tohi'lJiat bodily; harm will be done to Tlwlr rclktiycs ih Japan. Ope method Os<^ : to get recruits ifor ilie ^cret-army: is t6 “register’’ infin of military agc.'Recentiy the Jahnnose Consul General in Hon- ' olulu sent a notice, to men of Japanese descent ordering them ’-to register ‘ “for ‘'deferment’’ under
the Japanese draft law.
■ Arias; ..'vv-hp w,aS' then still: in- the saddle, rflabbergasted the yisiting -chaninagne- party - at 10 o’ clock in the pibrning. .They attended, out of courtesy, to find the .entire Panamanian Chamber of Deputies «m handv Forthright Representative Jack HouBtoni.of 4tansas made himself at home by .-thumping Ariah;'.on the,back nnd demanding a cigarette. - ■ - ; “I’m an old hand at mooching cigarettes from govci’-nment heads,” .said Houston; ’T(got onc.fro.miPl-es-'ident Roosevelt just before leaving Washington.” ■ ■■ After a .few , drinks. Arias bc-
caixve chn.mnxy.
in the good neighbor.policy? Speaking., gf Delta., Gurus, N.at’n iLowey and her Phi Kappa pin-man -Fritz O’Connor-. are turning into matchnxakers judging from the DG •majority senn -.at the phi Kappa dance last Saturday night. When a Beta pins a‘Kappa, well that .is . ju&t one luore -; Beta pin in tjio -Kappa house. iWould -that a Kappa -w.ould pin ,a Bosta for' some r-eal •news! Any'V.ay' Ruth Allen-,is ■ sporting Bob Thompson’s jewelry
now.
, So . the Acaei.as ;h,ad a vo.ixd' ti’ip . . . and on the .tvip prailk Buyncs slipped a pin on Robbie Wxird . . . again., Road trips ‘.are- certainly fun ‘ f 01’ • cvei-ydne ■ but ■ the. pledges, aren’t
they. Pub?
Freshman coed Mary Gai’diier has left the; tanks of. the unaVtached to go steady with’ Dick 'Pinkham for
ing, .Die.k- .Yo.u’ye broken a record. After dating Vonnie .Baker for Only five .weeks; Acacia Sam Betoungs deci.ded to look no .further and plant-his; pin. That’s what we like to see . . . a man of quick .action!. - .
“Pne.of-the great virtues of
The order warned that anyone champagne,.gentlemen,”; he: bean>ed, failing to i-egister would be pun- “is tWt it, takes people’s mmds off ished as a “violator of the (Imper- of .py.oblexnsland makes them.happy, ial). conscription law.” ; HuppY pepple. don’t start I’ev-olu-
;^mdnent Japanese- tions.Wehavnplenty oi-champagne one-half-weeks. Nice.go
Aniericans, 100 per cent loyal to jn Panaftin> so we.have no fears-of
the.-fcimtejd'States, are fiercely op- a revolution.” > ■
posing these subvCi^siye activities. T.en,,duys later, Ar.l^s w.as ousted ShujiPugi, editor of a.Pacific Coast by a blopdless i^evolt against his pro-
Japahese newspaper, urges “imme- Nazi reghuy.'y C- ;• ? dinfe action by the United .States '
government to rout out organiza- - Senator Gerald-Nye,, co-author of tions .and propagandists seeking to the molationist-packed movie probe, proaiote' the pi-p-Nazi ' elements would be given a taste of his own
among us, such a's the Japanese Mil- medicine if spme of his North Da- ^ : itai^' Sei'vicemen’s Teague,’’^. , kota constituents had their'..way. 'for :Weeks.’:,W;e. can'nOw,’disclose that .j^pi;i...L«wis.-Afld.the'.Peyil State Senator Har.vy O’Bi’ien.-Lend-Lease'Adidinistrator-EdStet-'Ohe of j.Phu L. Lewis’s greatest. among others, is circulating a peti- tinins.isiquietlycleauing-up thisisitpa.ssi.ons .isidx’amatics. He loves to tion asking the Senate to invest!- uation. ,)He has summoQed;a craek quote'Sba'kespeai’e, Milton, other fa- g:ate Nye’s isolationist opei’ations 'executive;of“the U. 'S.;Steol?Cor,pol- ' mods masters- .hud*“connections with'the Steuben atioh.'-Stettinius’sifoi'mer'-Company, Declhjmmg before the - United Society” . . . . . . Up-in the north to veoug.anize.' the ..administrative Mine-Wockex’s’ ’Policy Committee woods of Wisconsin,'where G^Man set-up, of'-LLA ’.and-also-to .shelve dux’mg''the captive piiue. negotia- J. Edgar'Hoover successfully solved the , obBtx’uctive-w.ouldTbe ■; big shots ' tioivs, "GCwis intei’larded a blast at the famous Ross kidnapping case in 1 • • Three yeai’s..ng.(f'.U; S. District Eugene Gtace,of Bethlehem Steel 1938, they say of him:“I hear tell Attorney Lawrence.Canip:of At.lanwith >tbls excerpt from Milton’s im- this man Hoover was a second-l’ate ta, G^’'r-SUd,.Sonnt,dr .Walter George
President, but he sure make.'i a first- were <battlihg'i't(;o.xit for the latter's late investigator.” . . . . Recently Senate seat.The q^her-vday, while this column revealed that certain visiting.'•Wa.shmS'tp'*’) ’ Gamp called minor moguls of the'Lend-Lease on QeT’gc S.nd;Wfti’iuly, .,e9iti)xxended Administration were taking them- him- fQr.his.^lhU.ddn supporting the
selves—and red tape—so seriously Presjdent’s-fqre.ign policy. ■
that they were delaying the ship- (CQpyrig'ht,T941;, by,United Feature
ment of vitally needed war supplies Syndicate,Tnc.)
2:30 Music
2:45 Treasure Chest
3:00 News
3:10 Building for Defcn.se 3:15 Afternoon Melodic.s 3:30 Musical Round-up 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:15 Heard in the Hallway
-4:30 Music
-4:46’Little Miss'Muffett 6:00 Just Relax .-5:30 ■'Vespers rf):46 C.ul’io Man
6:50 News
6:00 Dinner Music 6:30 Sports Review ,6:45 The Magic Carpei 7:00 “Principles of Sociology” ’ '.'with'Pi'of. T.'K. Noss
7:50 Music:
-8:00 iStoVy of I'ho'Opci’a •,-8:30 Eventide Eckocs 8:45 Sacred Music '9:00 'Maivry Makn’.s B'jiui
9:30 Music ' ;9.:50 Ne.xvs
10:00 OFF THE AIR
GOOD PRINTING '' ■ ..’af ■ ■ - ' ; PAINLESS PRICES More Style tor l^css Money Kane's Print Shop -lOl S. 29th St. Phono 5205
M.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
(BETTER CORSAGES AT LOWER PRICES Orded Your WRH Corsages At UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Thurs.^ 2 to 8 p, ;m. i'A Student Setvics for Students ■ EfCHt.R & HUStVEDT, Local Agchls
GREETING CARDS ;FPR ALL OCCASIONS ilRivcrsity Book Store
“Doc” C)pplc
PINE BAR GRILL ^Parties-'— Qur Speicialfy 200 Columbia >
mortal Paradise Lost—
'.“Whence and what art thou, e^cyable .shape, that -(jai’est, though gi’im .and -terrible, adVgpee thy miscreated front athw^vt' my way - to yonder
Through them -I mean
to jgaas, that be assured, with-
."'’KvvT f;.-
.Ali-Atnerican ‘1'94P-'41 ■•ak‘sqwwd tbiss sSttatt®*’ At the post'gflice in'Lafayette, In()i<)na,_ under the .act of Congress .JHqr«h 3, 1879, and ;at the apcHal rate irf^poktage iprbyjd'ed'Tbr ih bectiihltlliM’, ;aH of "October’ 3, ' 047, authorized Ja 20, 1922'. Published’daily excapt Monday during ifbe 'ifcgUlar academic .year aUfl' Vefekly during the Summer Session. DeJiVm'ad locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub'''fj«riptipiis,;$4.00. ' , .
..JVed 4V. Oclii|trfC ..John L. ’frauKolt Phil Johnson
Uusihoss .Manager.. ManaeJhg Editor..... Coed Editor;
..,.;...I)dn S,'Powers ,.Licland';W. 'Ruffner ;:;.......aiith,ao8e
Pubiicetiaa Staff AtS*.9Uat42 Editors f^faHrUd Staff: J- F. Amos, J. it. Armstrong, D. T. Bropliy, >a,'U'ljeW, t". I.'Jones. E. G. Kieper. Clark, J;.0. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. AUiii! Ghatftetd, J.anc.Rarnad?!!.,'
-Business ;$taff FiuisinesB Idanaper: .Donoa Eiess; .Office .jrtpnsfftc,:, ]Loe BosSone. Local Advertisina Managers: .JK- ,K-.Cjemrc. B. E- Saxton; Manager: W. T.. Bell; Accdiints ^^ahatfer: W. Junior Coed Maoagers: Jean Frank^nberry, Frances Lloyd, ■ ' 'jutia'-'Martin-. ... .......
■ Sports, 27.92 m^ii4AU0rlOP.M..S3n siwii"'. .Iiiir'ii', "S. '
:Rcpj;e6¥>ited for uab<{nal;«^ertlBt«B by -Wstioinai .Advertis--ing .Ssrvice, Inc., College Fubliftiiers Uwresent^tives, 4i0 -Madison-Ave.,‘New Vork.-N. Y.
Staff‘For Thu dtiwfl
'jiPt*'* •••udoU ' iMUt IMitari Ahretu
I2ay Editor: ChaUidd Sports Editor: Boynton
.Reporters: S. B. Beal, A. L. Wickard, C. F. Rass; J. E. Ndrdeen, C. E. Wattleworth, L. Slone, E. H. Ahrens, M. J. Lauer.
STARTS TXIPAT Dl(^l4BLE'FEATURE
SUPHEMSOM DONALD'CRISP - BARBARA O^NEIL ok«»Jdbr aTmonin IRVl^O-RAPaiR *u(doB dl'"TH! CITSOU* A.,WARNER '•RQS.-FIrit Kallonol Ploure • PLUS A native temptress .. . Her love was as ^flair^iog: as the tropic iun] Mfm Of THE SOUTH SEAS with MOVITA WARREN HULL
TODAY 2 FIRST
FRI. - SAT. RUN HITS
—ALSOThe Bcreen roars with a blast of whlte-Kot a'dtioh .red.ibot tunes!
1
I'lowers arc the perfect coxaplimcnt! Let us design something new and different for you. .Brighten her heart with one of our beautiful .porsages!
J
527 Main St.
Phone 8451
We Deliver
Kiif- \
7
^6> s ,f-^ “ / ' ^ “' / r ^ , -
A iT^¥>'<■? ts-i’ "rfs '•.^ T ‘ A , W -
W
/li i'* "fi W:'^
'VA*f
/
Thursday/December 4, 1941
Page 3
ToiidA^tilt
Ending m a 6-6 tie, the fraternity touthbftll iinhl'between 'Phi Delta '^Theta and Sign\a Ghi teams was played on the fieshnian field yesteiday afternoon PieVlous to £j scoie ^less tie, the teams ddfhated tlie Pfii “^Kappa Psis and Delta Tau Delta, i espdptively, to gain entiance into the
finals
^ After maichmg steadily down the slippeiy field dmmg the fii A half, the Sigma Chis settled On four plays with a pass to Schaefei Ihe Phi Dolts letaliati^ with a thieat on ^ the Sigma Chi fiveiViayd line A pass byitl\e foi-jrier teaifi resulted m a pilcup at the goal Ijneifiom whith Phis Dolt Tafel giabbed the ball In '^thc few lemaining seconds of the half, Muiray tied the score with a touchdown on the thi^d dfiwn ' Ovci a lighted field^Jn the second "half, Ehleis, the Phi Pelt spaiker inteieepted a Sigma Chi pass shoitly aftei the opening of the peiiod ^
A wild fluriy of passes followed and CTOSuS
* ended with thg Pfij Delts in posses Sion of a fiist down on the Sigma Chi five yaid line ^The Phi Delts
woilted the ball down to the two yaid line on la pass to Ehleis, but lost the ball on a fumble in the next
play
Sijgs Open Up
Xhe Sigs immediately thieatened by gaming 50 yards on the fiist play Another pass took them to the Phi Delt 20 yaid line, where“-Ehleis inteiccpted the Sigma Chi’s next scoi-
mg attempt
Aftei the Phi Delts punted, the Sigs again weie thicatenmg to scoitt A pass to Thomas brought the ball neai thtt^Phi Delta "fheta goal line as the game ended With the seoie still tied, a long aigument ensued whethei to play anothei half 01 schedule anothei game Finaliy it was decided to schedule another game, the date of which v ill
be announced latei e h a
JF^cers Mnxidus to Schedule Meets With Big Tea 04ipa^ats
—4 ^ '^'-T-T" . Bob Elson To Speak At Football Banquet At 7:30, Indianapolis
Or. A. M. Irion — DENTJST — 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 496?^
Intel ested m swimming aie
ineited to paiticipate in an Individual Swimming Meet with form swimming and laces iii the Women’s pool, Tuesday, Dec 9 from 7 80 to
9 30 pm Pi actices yill be held ev
eiy night this week foi those who need it All coeds who aie not going to swim are invited to come out
and back up then teams ^ e i
Gel Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
at
4J6 MAIIS
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
By Lee Slone Preparing foi a piiyUte fencing exhibition for the iLafayette Country Club Piiday night, the foilsmen of Sdver Mask, fencing iionoraiy, have been piacticirtg daily Also on, then minds is the fust match of the yeai, with Illinois fieie on Febiuaiy 9 [President Bud Tcwei and the other otficeis have been trying to aiignge a me»t with Indiana University, I but as yet nothing has been decided Of the pledge class of twelve, Coodemot, Walbilhck, Tuckei and ICaUfman show promioe of paiticipatinp in t^is yeai’s meets ' Outstanding actives of the organwatio i who have pioved then ability in past meets include Bud Towei, Cecil Oakes, secietaiy tieasuiei, Hai ly Bull, captain. Bill Reade, vice piesident, and Aaion Kaufman pledge mastci Only part of then tune is spent by the 16 actives in piactice to im piove then own skill, as they also have the job of training the beginneis Those who hope to become raembeis of the oiganization aie now piacticing foi thd Beguincis Touiney, to be held in the neai fu-
tuie
Advisoi to the sabre-wieldeis is Captain Finney, known to modern language students as Piofessor R V FinUey When fencing was in eluded in the minoi sports and sup ported by University funds two yeaia ago, i Professoi Finney acted
Bob Elson, chief sports announcei foi WGN and MBS will be the mam speakei at the annual football banquet of the Puidue Association of Indianapolis tonight at the Indianapolis Athletic Club at 7 30 p m This banquet honois the fifteen outstanding Indianapolis high school football playeis and then fatheis Piesident Elliott, thp^ntiye coaching staff and many of the Rivetei football players will also be piesent This yeaily affair offeis the members of the coachmg staff and the vaisity team an excellent oppoitunity to get a line on piospective playeis Elson has announced e v e i y World’s Senes for the past 13 yeais, and all of the all-stai games His talk will give the highlights of his many experiences Tickets will be available at the dooi cf h
as coach to the team Both Finney and the meitibeis of Silver Mask hope to regain then formei status and have fencing replaced as a University minorn sport, -s . ,
Tie By Mary Dn^ii^n At the varsityf basketballrjjniatticc! in the cold and gloomy Ficldhousc last night, AVe wattthed and heard Piggy^Lairtbert give the team one of those werkouts that he hopes Will put them in tfim'’for a speedy season We Say‘“heard” because the chief difference in the playing from that of a regular coilference competition Was the sound of Lambert’s twang cutting the air, sometimes correcting or rebuking a,player, sometimes breaking up a formation to place the team for a new play Although the usual shouting prevailed, a certain tension was missing, and the boys breathed a little more easily, as when little Georgie Fields stood and grinned happily as Blanken bore ferociously down on him with the ball Fields followed up his Tuesday scoiing stieak with sev\eial baskets during the practice Swede Seaborg, hack after a year out with an injury, showed some speed which should place him in the running foi honors this season In spite 6f the fact that all the players looked pretty much alike with their shirt-tails flying and hap-foazaid dress, it was easy to pick the veterans on the flooi Frosty Spiowl, still a bit stiff from football, was loosened up enough to get by most of his guards and score a few baskets Now and then we found our eye^ blinking as something white flashed down the floor in the form of Mickey Tierney, back after a semester of study (we hope) One of the men he didiV’t succeed in avoiding, howevei, was Don Blankefi, our idea of the traditional “iron man ” From all appearances he was rathei bored, and relaxed except foi an occasional spurt When he fired up and baffled some unfortunate sophomoie with a block or a basket But the things about a cage practice which most impress a coed aie not so much the men on the team as the little things that go on just in practice The Fieldhouse for one thing was like a gieat big barn, and almost colder, with a few hijge lights in the middle ovei the flooi The few spectators indlrided a nlambei of the football coaches, Sammy Vomoff, Joe Boland and Herb Duggins, taking a busman’s holiday to watch the basketball team A little noise was supplied by a group of West Side high school students, who were evidently waiting foi then team to take the floor as soon as Lambert decided tliat his boys had had enough for one session Several midget members of the Meridian Athletic Club strutted about the end of the floor trying free throws m the side (baskets and assisting the benched playeis in doing the same Instead of regular referees the student managers called fouls and maintained order so that the team wouldmt get any bad habits foi the games to come Instead of easing up irt practice, the team uses as much energy as in a game, keepifvg up a pressure offense throughout the period Already we noticed a few bandages and strips of tape here and there, especially on one fellow who had his legs tap\d to the knees in “shin splints ” ^ In a pieliminaiy pep session Lambert and Mel Taube pointed out errors of Tuesday’s game and gave instructions foi correcting some of the more ttbvious ones, so that when the team really got warmed up they appeared qUite adeq[uate to ride over the Wabash College “Little Giants” next Monday and even DePaul’s "Blue Demons” of Chicago on Wednesday The latter* defeated the Boilermaker five in last year’s tilt N;ext week will be a sort of “old home week” since Wabash is Piggy Lambert’s alma mater, where he did the playing which helped him gain the position he holds today
ill nil. TLrttiii ipera W8 f , tnk LlW ireeK 3wHn
I
forilrree Slyl«»ll|v«i»tf, Yiesterday idtermm tt^ Theta Pi fraternity Bmi^m off "iWlIh their second victory in loWny years in the annual mtorffaf^fitity swimming meet held at house^pool Theta Tan took second place on the strength of RQbllt9iifl’''8 twin triumph m the 50 and 100 yd. rfree style events. High Score f The winning Betas chalked tip '32 points, over twice as many as Theta Tau, who had 14. Phi Gamma Delta was third wjth 13, Sigma Phi I Epsilon fourth with 9, and Delta Tau Delta fifth with 7 5. Each fiateinity was permitted to enter one medley relay team and one 200 yard lelay team In irtdividual events each fiaternity could enter two men Ahy man Was- &1lowed to swim in as many events as he could perform, AnA winners detea mined by time of heat.
Big Tarnout
Swimming coach Dick PapcngUfch desenbed the field of about 180 entries as “the biggest turnout that I’ve ever seen for an mterfratertlity swimming meet ” He added that excellent time was made in the 50 and lOO yd flee style Winners aie as follows* dO yd free style First Robinson Thotii Tau second Beta Theta Ri third Phi Gamma Delta Fourth Lambda Cbi Alpha IQO yd free style First Robrnsop, Theta Tau second Beta Theta Pi, third,^ Fbi Kappa P8i fourth Si^ma Phi 200 yd free style First Stackhouse Sigma Alpha Epsilon second Phi i^ppa Sjgma thjrd Beta Theta Pa fourth^ Alpha
Kappa Lambda
100 yd breast btrokc First Sears, Kisma Nu second and third Beta Theta Pi
fourth Acacid
100 yd back stroke FirsL Duon Phi Gamma Delta second Sigma Phi Epsilon thud Delta Tau Delta-and Triangle 200 yd relay Firs^t Beta Theta Pi second Pm Gamma Delta third Delta Tau Delta fouith Phi Kappa Sigma^ loO yd medley First Beta Theta Fi, second Kappa Sigma third Theta Tau, fourth Delta Taui Delta « Diving First Forbes Sigma Phi Epsilon second Beta Theta Pi third Alpha Tau Omega fourth Theta Chi
ifti X A V
THERE’S REAL CHRISTMAS SPIRIT IN THE SWEET SHOP If your tired of studying and feel like some I rela?|atioii, drop into the Sweet Shop for a ’ 1 i > . V » few minutes. There you’ll find Christmas eheer, music and good Fellowship. You’ll \ ^ t ► 1 f i probably stay for a long time. You’ll like the cokes, milk shakes and sandwiches. Here’s the ideal spot to relax and enjoy yourself.
fiWldMSL TYlsmifmL %bmft The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
IM Schedules Coed Honorary Erreowages
The Shirt That Speaks ^ For Itself. . . One look at the Anew Sussex shirt tells you why it’s a “must” for the college man’s wardrobe. Sussex is a handsome shirt with the new lower neckband and the wide-spread collar that is flattering and comfortable for any wearer. In whites, solids, or stripes. Trimly tailored to fit the torso and S^nforized-shyunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Get some today, $2 up.
ARROWSHlRrS
SQUASH Today Courts 12 3 ■' Sigmu Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Phr Epsilop vs Ihcti Chi Irianglo vs ^igma Phi Epsilon BASKETBALL Court 1—Emeison AJphi Tau Omega vb Phi Kappi Psi Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Nu Alpha Chi Rho vs Delti Upsilon Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi Court 2—Bill Gates Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau KaPPa Epsilon Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Delta Rho Iheti lau vs Triangle Iheta Chi vs Alpha Siemi Phi Court 3—Barnaid Delta Clii vs Phi Delta Thet i Kapp I Sigma vs Sigma Pi lau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha K ipp i Lambda iheta Ohi vs Sigmi Alpha Mu Couit 4—Ralferty Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma I hi El failon Sigma Chi vs Pi Ivapp i Phi 1 hi Kappa Sigma \s Phi bigma Kappa Sigma Alpha Lusilo i vs Pi Kappa Alpha^ ik'A'iiH -w >"t Bowlers Meet iii .'llfl'y In Union Alleys Di S J Millet’s Pill Rollers are meeting the Football Team Saturday night at 7'36 m the Union bovlrng alleys with the biggest strikes So fai Ross Ade Stadium has been bttt by the football team against the Fieldhttuse which was recently won by the Pill Rollers After a twenty-foil! houi i est the Pill Rollcis will again hit the pms, this time with the Chem Engmeeis at 7 30 Sunday night The Pilleiettes, a team oiiginated by poc Millei, consisting* of Jane HaWUins, Alice Jones, Lucy Willis, Loietta Millei and Caiolyn Houk beat the Pill Rolleis at then fiist game last Sunday With then tiiumph to suppoit them, the Pflleiettes aie scheduled to meet the Lon Mann Athletic team Sunday at 2 p in Next week they will play the Caiy Hall Giils, a team of employees of Caiy Hall a 1 w
High Scholastic AchievemeMs
By Virggnia Lee MacDonald In the fall oi spimg of the year you have piobably noticed coeds with i ed, gold and white arm bands cairying a candle and a box of candy These giils were the newest Cl op of Alpha Lambda Delta pledges Theie are foity-thiee chapteis of Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honoiaiy foi freshman women, m the United State® One ot these chapteis is here at our lUnivfei'srty * Encourages High Scholarship Alpha Lambda Delta’s majoi pui pose IS to encQuiage high scholastic attainment and to lecogmze the potential ability of the fieshman gill Nationally these aims aie fuitheied m many ways, newest among them being the awaiding of a $500 fellowship Locally these aims aie ittahzed by small scholaiships awaided by the local chapteis and m Vaiious othei wajs To becomtt a pledge of Alpha Lambda Delta, the fieshman giil must have a high scholastic index Here at the Umveisity she must make a straight A aveiage oi a 5 0 index Traditittns Tiadrtions of Alpha Lambda Delta aie scholaiship teas, initiation banquets, libiaiy tours, joint meetings with Phi Eta Sigma, the corresponding honoiaij foi fiesh man men fieshman leeogmtion (nograms, tutoimg, sponsoiing faculty speakei s Most of these tiaditions are earned out heie in the Umveisity with the exception cf the tutoimg and joint meetings w ith Phi Eta Sigma, which does not have a ehaptei at Purdue This year Alpha Lambda Delta held then initiation banquet m the
old Chestnut Room September 28. A successful library toui was also sponsoied foi the freshman gitls m Scptembei, and a program of meetings featuiing sevfeihl faculty speakei s is under way Mrs Mildied L Fitch of the histoiy d^paitmept talked to the gioup at then first meeting At the second meeting Novembei 11 Miss Louise Baud of the applied design department was guest speaker. The prog 1 am foi the next meeting is to be given by Bob Paiks, “the man from the Puttering Shop” New Upperclass Chapter The members of Alpha Lambda Delta are active during thenf^phomoie year and remain aetive -dining then juniQi and senior years If they so desire The inactive membeis aie privileged to attend any meeting oi social function of the or ganization This year 'the junior and semoi members here have formed a collegiate chaptei. The badge of Alph^ Lambda Delta IS a small gold jeweled candle. Herman Steen To Speak For Ceres Open Meeting Herman Steen, dnector of Wheat Flour Institute will speak on “What Happens to Wheat After Harvest” at the Ceres open'meeting on Dec. 10, at 7 30 p m m Room 363 in Union Steen is a graduate of Iowa State College and has done editorial woik on Des Moines Registei and Pi ah le Farmer for twelve years. Since 1929, he has been vice piesident and secietaiy ot Millers’ National Federation Everyone is invited to attend, c f h
Get Your
ARROW SHIRTS
at
4
Inc. WEST LAFAYETTE
unexpected guests drop m, do you have a clean well pressod suit to tut oh? vsE ciimwis cLEAismi service Crown LAbNlMf
‘TOP OF TBF. WU-’
beta Tau,T
>1 iB
W*'
II
m ' 9k 4 'II'I'
,|ir«-
I'W'ifi Wl'
I 4i i It ' ’i
r^,yi »|2* '- “ ‘‘^ '
Pl^4
-j4>,«' ,.
k
4 Pl^du& Exponent ■
)>?,(
•T4*.Vpi PiFtii,'
■}).f
A.
' V
Thursday^ JDmemhir 4,
^^on Cadet Board 10 Leave Tomorrow <'H3L.vi«tion Cadet Board, pow meeting *1n Boom 206 of thd Chemical j^iiginhering Building, will leave tk^ayeile tomorrow evening and ii6t irfeturn till next year. Therefore tdd^y and tomorrow will be the last eliaftce for students and young men :^ik I^ayette to be examined for
^dht Training.
'the board, headed by Major Joseph F. More of the Air Corps, has examined about forty local young nieh’and expects to examine many xiuring the time remaining. They ai*e examining applicants for training as pilots, bombardiers, armorers, communications officers, engineers and meterologists. , Application blanks and full information may be obtained at the Adjutant’s office. Post Office Bldg,
d.c.g.
Reed Speaks On Defense At Horticultural Banquet Annual Horticulture Show Banquet was held last night in Room 363 of the Union. About 70 students, horticultural staff members, and guests attended, and heard Dean H. J. Reed, of the Agricultural School, speak on the subject “Horticulture in National Defense.” Emery Wolf, premium manager, awarded the three grand sweepstake ribbons won in Purdue Horticultural Show Nov. 7-9. Charles Shull, senior Ag student took the sweepstake prize in student apple class; Lloyd Boyd, senior Ag won the highest award in student vegefilble class; and Robert Brewster, junior Ag received first prize in the floriculture division. Numerous other University students won second 'and third class ribbons. Dr. W. S. Walters, West Lafayette dentist, gave demonstrations of -magic. c.f.h.
Dr. Brunauer's Talk Reviews World Politics Americans must realize that power is an essential element in the world, according to Dr. Esther Caukin Brunauer, AAUW Associate in International Relations. Dr. Brunauer, in her talk “Power Polities and Democracy” yesterday afternoon stressed the fact that power is a necessity, if exercised by and for the people from whoip it comes. The people must have a sense of responsibility, and it is only when power is obtained by a small irresponsible group that it becomes dangerous. Power, Dr. Brunauer says, should be controlled, not abolished. United States Important Dr. Brunauer believes that much depends on the United States, as one of the most powerful countries of the world. However, we cannot contribute to peace by not using our power. The United States must cooperate with other strong nations in bringing about a better distribution of power, although it may take many years to achieve this end. Dr. Brunauer believes that we have gained a few steps in the twenty or so years since the last war.
Interviewed Hitler
Dr. Brunauer was granted an interview with Hitler in 1933 when she was in Germany as a fellow of the Carl Schurz Foundation. She is now active in refugee work for the International Federation of University Women. A graduate of Mills College, Dr. Brunauer continued hei work in international affairs at Stanford University, where she obtained her doctor’s degree. Dr. Biunauer also spoke before a special meeting of the AAUW at 7:46 last night, following a dinner in her honoi. She expects to be on the campus until late this morning, when she will leave for Bloomington. Her torn includes all AAUW gioups in the state, a.l.w.
Poultry Judging Team . Places Fifth In Midwest intercollegiate Contest University Poultry Judging team, coached by Prof. C. S. Shaffner, recently participated in the 22nd Midwest Intercollegiate Poultry Judging Contest, placing fifth. Composing the team were J. L. Ramp, who placed fifteenth in individual competition, R. B. Arvidson, and Charles Reed with C. R. Shepherd as alternate. Fifteen teams competed in the contest, which included exhibition judging, production judging and judging of market products. University of Missouri, Connecticut University, and Texas A. and M. were the first three winners respec-
tively.
Team placings were announced at a banquet for the team held in the Grill Room of the Board of Trade Building following the judgthe contest. All contestants will receive appropriate poultry medals at a banquet to be held here at a later date, g.w.s.
Bob Barnes To Play For DG, Kappa Dance Gamma Ball for the members of Delta Gamma and Kappa Kappa Gamma social sororities is being held for the first time on the campus Saturday night in the north ballroom of the Union. A dinner dance from 7:30 until 9 p. m. will precede the dance which will be held from 9:30 until 12. Bob Barnes and his band from Indiana University will play for the affair. The Gamma Ball is an annual event on many campuses and the two sororities plan to make it one here. a.c.
Daily Health Service Report Three students were admitted to the St. Elizabeth Hospital yesterday, according to the Student Health Service. They were: R. W. Frye, freshman Engineering; J. J. Gerhard, freshman Mechanical; L. L. Robinson, senior Mechanical. G. C Bartram freshman Science, entered the Home' Hospital yesterday morning, while D. M. Scharm, sophomore Engineering, was dis-
charged. c.f.h.
Notices
Wesley Foundation: Party originally scheduled for Friday, Nov. 28, is postponed to Friday, Dec, 6. —ROACH Senior Mechanicals: Booths for the collection of fees for picture of graduating class similar to those now in the halls of the building will be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday, Dec. 8. through Wednesday, Dec. 10 Fee will be 76 cents and will COvei all costs of the picture. All seniors graduating in January, June or August are to be included. —GREGORY Military Bail Committee: Seniors are responsible that sub-eommittec reports aie submitted by Friday, Dec. 4. —DIBOS
GE 36: Removal of Condition Examlndtion, Dec. 8. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 20^ before Friday, Dec. 6. , —OWEN Basketball Ushers'and Police: The following report at the east end of the Fieldhouse on Friday, 'Oe^eihber 6, at 4 p.m. Assignments will be made there. Anyone not leporting will be dropped from the list. No additional applications will be received as the list is more than sufficient. E. S. Ainsley, M. W. Anderson, O. A. Anderson, T. A. Anderson, J. L. Andretich, P. B Anthony, W. Appleton, G. P. Archer, A. M. Arnold, W. D. Bancker, R. J. Barwegen, P. F. Baumgart, Andrew Berkley, A. Berto, R. Biddle, Maurice Boots, F. Branner, Bob Britt, J. Brown. Wm. Buffington, T. E. Burger, G. J. Burghardt, Wm. Burghardt, K. Burnett, W. R. Carson, J. Chinewicz, I. H. Claseman, R Claseman, C Clymer, W. Combs, W Cook, F. Coon, E. J. Cycenas, P. DeMaria, John Dilley, E. H. Dodge, J. A, Edwards, W. Ehrlich, H. W. Eikenberry, V. O. Erk, C. H. Feistkorn, Casey Frederichs, Jerry Fredericks, B. French, J. Galvin, M. Gantz, W. L Gaulke, W. R. Gregory, J E. Grimm, T. Grove. W. Guthrie; R. Hajzyk, Vern Hansell, C. Harris, C. Hem, Carl Hipp, H. Hites, J. Hlinka, E. J. Holderman, O. L. Hurrle, A. Jentch, Bob Jones, B. F. Jones, K. Kampert, R. D. Keim, D. H Kemp. W. Kendall, J. Kennedy, R Kersey, L. King, E. J. Kmiecik, C. E. Kron, Jim Krueck, A. S. Lange, Walt Leifhiet, A. Leugo, F. McCaffry, L. R. McEachern, K. C. McLaughlin, D McVey. N. E. Maloney, R. M. Maloney, R. L. Mason, M R. Matovina, G Matrewicz, F. T. Meakim, L. E. T. Melton, J Miller, R. O. Montenero, R. I. Morris, S. O. Morrison, R. K Mulford, Dick Myers, W. Newell, D. M. Newman, B. O'Bryan, Harry Olds, Jim Paratore, L R. Pearson, P. L. Petirch, J. Petty, W. Powers, Chuck Rawles, W. P. Richey, J. A. Rossi, F. Ruggieri, J. Rush, H. Seidell, Roger Sheridan. W. Shimer, Jim Shoemaker, Max Shoemaker, T. L. Shriner, R. Shultz, F. Smerke, C. E. Smith, K. Smock, V A. Snyder, W. Stevens, R. Stoelting, H Strom, W. Sumner, E M Timm, H Timperman, J. N. Vecs, B. R. Warren, J. C Winkler, G. R. Witsman, J Wojciechowski, W. Wooden, C W. Wright, Ernest Young, John Zehring. —SANDERS
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire
in the sixth and last novice pistol group . starting Dec. 9, should sign Up in Supply p. m. Important.
Boom noWi —BROWN
i
tifm ^
Forensic Managers: BepoH to,ott|cfti>« Wednesday and Thursday aftennoons Jit*4
aiaa
^LA
All Male Studeiits: Aviation Cadet Examining Board No. 1 will be in room lOSiof Chem. Eng. Bldg., Dec. 1-6 inch, 8:30-4. Application tp appear before the board should be obtainsd now from the Adjutant’s ofiice, Armory. i —GRAHAM POMM: Keys are available for those who ordered thepi. Call at 27 RusSell St. —SULLIVAN -Pi Tan Sigma: Don't foiget meeting Friday, Dec. 6, at 4 p.m. ih rooih 20g of the ME building. Be op time. —Gregory Progressive Party Committee; Meeting postponed until Thursday, Dec. 4, at 7 p.m. Room number to bo announced later. —SLEEPER ASMS: Debris pictures' will be taken Thursday, Deo. 11. at 7:30 p. irt, in Union ballroom instead of Thursday, Nov. 27. ^ —UTLEY All Agriculture Students are invited to a meeting of the Poultry Club Thursday, Dec. 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —WILBUR Flying Club: Debris pictures will be taken Sat,., Dec. 0. at the airport at 1 p. m. Please be prompt. —HABICHT Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members arc asked to pay their dues for Nov. and Dec at the oificc of Dr, Eastwood, Room 110 at the Fieldhousc. —POZER
Ceres: fiegular meeting postponed UtfUl Tuesday, Dec. 0. All Uctives and neW initl- » atcB must attend as -fUIl elections wljlibe held. —OHESTEil All Students: Skating party sponsored by the Christian Foundation on Saturday, ,, Dee. 0. Meet at 181 South Grant at 10 p. m. <5 Tickets may be secured for 26 dents from
George King, Paul Busby or
Pi Tau Sigma: New initiates may obtain certificates at ME office on second floor,'
—SHANE
PAO Sophomore M^orkerB: Sign UP' in office for rnid-tcrm Interviews, begi^ing Monday. ' —PFENNINGEB Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting tonight at the Alpha'Cbi Rho house. Dinner will be served at 0 p.m. ' —MAYFIELD Scriveners: Disregard notices of Tuesday and Wednesday. Important meeting Sunday, Dec. 7, at 7:30 p.m* in Room 203 of Union. Gudsts are coming. —RiEGLE
Purdue d'dromodelers: Important meeting will be held id Room 803 of Union tonight at 7:80 p.m. ..All members and all students interested should attend. —VELKOPF. Purdue Agriculturalist Business St^il: Meeting, including freshmen and sophomores, Dec. 4, at 7:80 in Office. Attendance urged. —HARDESTY
if*
if
‘■it
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Southworth’s
SEE-
Hundreds of smart new nationally advertised Christmas
gifts at the •
BUR-PAT
STORE
113 Northwestern Ave.
Phone 2523
USE OUR LAYAWAY PLAN
Dr. L L. Kelly To Address
Marriage Lecture Dec. 11 Mixer Will Present
Christmas As Theme
Dr. E. Lowell Kelly, associate lu ofessor of psychology, will be feaIqred speaker today at the meeting of the Michigan City YMCA’s “Treparation for Marriage” lectures. The subject of Dr. Kelly’s addicss will be “Making Majiiage \york.” t)r. 0. F. Hall of the division of education and applied psychology was the featured speaker at the first of these lectures which was held on Nov. 27. Subsequent speakers scheduled for the series will be Dr. John G. Kenson, Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss and Dr. Thurman B. Rice. Rice and Mrs. Strauss are regular speakeis for the University Marriage course which is held each year for seniors,
d.c.g.
Gene McConnell To Talk On Egg And Chick Show At Poultry Club Meeting Gene McConnell, graduate student from Georgia, will relate some interesting features of the Georgia Egg and Chick Show, at the December meeting of the Poultry Club, tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. C. S. Shaffner, coach of the Poultry Judging team, will give the results of the trip to Chicago. All freshmen and sophomore agriculture students interested in working on the University Egg and Chick Show are urged to attend this meetirig. j.e.n. . Cosmopolitan . . . club will meet at 4:30 tomorrow afternoon in room 304 of the Union to discuss plans for initiation and the Christmas party. The schedule of programs for the rest of the year will also be presented at this
time.
Christmas will be the theme for the regular Saturday night mixer to be held in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12 p.m. Two people are pictured sitting before a glowing fire m the backdrop. On each side of the fire place are crossed skis. Warm browns and reds add a
cheery note.
Joe Pritchett and his Wabash Collegians will furnish the music, featuring Jane Lycett as vocalist and Ted Lockwood at the drums. This is the first appearance of the Collegians on the campus this year, d.c.p.
518 Main St. DECKER’S Phone 5036
K & E SLIDE RULES Are Now In i Those who have reserve orders ple^ ase bring receipt. We have some extra rules for those who did not reserve them, hut i IF YOU DON’T HAVE A RESERVATION, BETTER RUSH . ii. to SOUTHWORTH’S WHILE THEY LAST
I BOOK & mm STORE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth*
<•*1
Classified Ads
Vyaewriters—Adding Machineo, all makes aold, rented, repaired, and purchaBed. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 006 Main, t^tayette. Phone 2779. Lost: K & E log log Detitng slide rule Name on tOBe. Donald Stoner, phone 4916 Lost: A Bulova wribt watch, Fiiday. North Campus. Call 2847, Iruax Reward Wanted: Round trip transportation to Arizona during Christmas vacation Will share expenses and help drive. Phone 650J4
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS . 400-404 Schultx Bldg. '4Hi and Main St. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education ^ DEAC’S
What shall 1 get the folks for Christmas? What would she like to have? WHERE can 1 get the gifts 1 want?
Watch for the Christmas
Shopper’s Edition this week An Aid to the shoppers.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT, tells you where to find everything in advertising.