i ‘
-
J '
'‘fjm
Pursue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1936
NUMBER 68
Allen To Talk On Interviews For Positions
Will Discuss Technique For Securing Jbbs Today
W. R. Allen, personnel director of the L. S. Ayres and Company department store"in Indianapolis, will speak on “How To Interview An Employer To Secure A Position” at 4 o’clock this afternoon in room 101 of the Education Building. The discussion^ will be particularly for upperclassmen who desire to obtain positions next summer. Allen graduated from Haryard in 1919 and entered the advertising field. After five years of this work he accepted the position'of employment manager of the Filene Department Store in Boston. His personnel work there led to his present job in Indianapolis. Investigations During last year’s cotton textile strike his investigations were one of the chief factors bringing about the settlement. He has also been active on the National Labor Relations Board in Washington, D. C. In previous years Allen’s addresses and interview demonstrations have been well attended by members of the senior class. It has been his custom to throw the discussion open to students and this year he will probably endeavor to answer any questions the audience may have upon the subject of “job getting.”
Plan Annual 4-H
Party Next-Week
Arrangements have been completed fpr the annual University 4-H Club party Wednesday, Decembr 9, from spven to nine in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall, according to an announcement that was made last night by Eugene F. Akers, chairman of the campus 4-H Club. Special guests will include the staff of the state 4-H club organization as well as various faculty rep-, resentatives. The program will consist of games, stunts, special songs, and group singing. A charge of ten cents per persoh will be made to cover the cost of refreshments.
at the
. December the nth
Wesley Foundation Offers Skating Party
Roller skating enthusiasts may go ’round and ’round to their hearts’ content at the Wesley Foimdation roller skating party tomorrow evening, The charge will be 26 cepts per person, or 40 cents per couple, covering transportation, skates, and refreshments. Those intending to go are requested to sign up at the Foundation House as soon as possible. The busses will leave the House at 6:30 and 7:15.
600 Expected For Debaters’
Conference
Two Day Meeting To Be Opened By Purdueniinois Debate
Registration for the seventh annual Indiana High School Debate Conference will open tomorrow morning. Advanced reservations show that over 600 intend to attend the two-day conference ending with a practice debate tourney Saturday afternoon. The conference will be formally opened tomorrow afternoon with a debate between Purdue and Illinois on the question, “Resolved: That all electric utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated.” This is the same topic that has been chosen for high school debaters in the state for the current year. District Meeting District meetings for metmbers of the Indiana High School Debate League will bring the afternoon’s program to a close. At the Friday evening banquet. Professor Robert Phillips, of the history,,economics, land goveriunent department, will Spep^ pn “The Six Greatest American Drtttora.” FoUowing^^^m^^" quet. Theta Alpha Pi, natiPnal honorary dramatic fraternity, will present a program of plays. Satxmday morning’s session will be preceded by campus tours and a coaches’ meeting. “The Case For Governmental Ownership Of Electrical Utilities,” by Arthur E. Morgan, and “The Case Against Government Ownership,” Frank A. Newton, wilPbe given at the Saturday morning meeting.
DUs Initiate Nine
.Delta Upsilonheld^n intiation on Thanksgiving Day for nine men. They were J. T. Wallace, Germantown, Tenn; R. R. Popham, Chicago, ni.; R. J. Schreiber,>ell City, J. M. Willis, Akron, Ohio; P. D. Malaska, Crawfordsville; B. M. Martin, Losantville; W. S. Craft, Manchester; M. A. Schreyer, Sputh Bend, and W, H. Hahn, Dasrton, Ohio. The fraternity also announces the pledging of D. J. Deets, Lafayette; S. J. Thursby, N. Tonowanda, N. Y.; A. M. Juska, Chicago, 111.; end M. W. Campbell, W. Lafayette.
Co-Eds Ti^ Out For Debate SqtiRd Today
Co-eds desiring to try out for this year’s co-ed debate squad should report to room 801 of University Hall at 4 p. m. today. All girls interested are asked to report whether they have prepared their talks or not. Each girl will mqke a three minute talk on the questipn, “Resolved: That the essential features of the NYA should be made permanent.”
Rooms Needed For High Sehool debaters
Rooms fpr high school girls who are attending the Seventh Annual Debate Conference whieh will be held this week-end at the Univeraitp are needed. Any persons in Lafayette or West Lafayette who will have roomp available for Friday night are asked to list their rooms at the Dean of Men’s office by calling 2676.
Princeton University’s faculty wrote 18 boolas, 118 reviewst^ and 826 articles during the acadeipic year 198lh*g6»
Turner, Smith To Address Greek Convo
Blitiois, DePauw Deans To Discuss Fraternity Problems
Under the supervision of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, a Fraternity Convocation will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30. The convocation wrill be open to unorganized students as well as fraternity men and women. 'The principal speakers of the meeting will be Dean Turner of the University of Illinois and Dean G. H. Smith of DePauw University. Purpose This convocation is being given primarily for the discussion of the Greek organizations, their problems and the criticisms they are receiving, and ways to eliminate the reasons for these criticisms.
Deans Turner and Smith will give the school’s viewpoint on the fraternity problems, and will offer suggestions to remedy the difficulties. D. P. Morse, Beta Theta Pi, vicepresident of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, will be in charge of the convocation.
Reserved Tickets For Cage Games Placed On Sale
With a record-breaking advance mail order sale for season reserved seats for the University’s home basketball games already filled, the sale of the remaining season reserved ducats has been launched over the counter at the Purdue ticket office, it was announced last night by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. In view of the fact that the jur grease iufthe student body hs^ mad^ it necesary tp hold the ent^e west side of the balcony for the student overflow, with the exception of the first three rows, the possibility exists that the entire gymnasium nuay be sold out on a season reserved basis. 0 Considering the heaw season teserved sale to date, Doamannpuneed last night that no orders for single tickets for individual games will be accepted until after the definite close of the season reserved sale.
Delta Rho Kappa
Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, recently initiated Mary Jean Light, L .S. Douglas, Margery Blalock, Virginia Slocupi, Katherine Hochstetler, Dorothy Martenet, and W. H. Stevens. The initiation preceded a banquet which was held in the faculty klunge of the Memorial Union Building.
Under The Mirror
Book notes from the Browsing Boom
YANG AND YIN
By Alice Tisdale Hobart
Yang — light, yin — dark, two forms locked together within a circle, is a symbol handed down through many thousands of years in China. These may also mean heaven and earth, life and death, and between these two great creative forces the balance must always be even in order to preserve equity, order, even life itself. Theme This is the theme of Alice Tisdale’s new book, a novel, the scene of which is laid at a missionary post in China with the chief character a young doctor. It deals with Western and Eastern thought, the beanties and excesses of each, a^d the impact of one upon the other. There is the conflict pf ancient superstition and the modern science of medicine. There is the color and beauty of life in the Orient contrasted with that that is very low and hunflile. There is the curSe of opium and the recognition of its worth as a commercial asset, The dramatic quality of the book holds the interest of ^e reader as it portrays real people in a story that is full of the stir of life,
Union Issues Call For
Sophomore Workers
Sophomores who still wish to come out for work on the Purdue .Student Union will have their last chance to do so tomorrow. Under a new plan for Union workers announced by the Student Union Board, all sophomores who have shown insufficient interest will be dropped at the end of this semester. At the beginning of the second semester, prospective freshmen Union workers will be called.
University Entrants Win More Awards
‘‘Loyal Angus” Judged Aberdeen-Angus Reserve Champion Steer
University entrants in the International Livestock show at Chicago won a heavy share of the prizes yesterday. In the champion barrow class, Purdue showed the reserve champion and won first and second place in the 160-200 pound class and second in the 200-240 pound division.
“Loyal Alumnus” owned by Purdue was judged Aberdeen-Angus reserve champion steer in judging by breed and the champion steer, of any breed, in the 760-876 pound class judging by weights. In the Fat Poland China section Purdue won first and fourth in the 160-200 pound barrow class; first, second, and fourth in the 200-240 pound class, and second in the 240300 pound group, and first in showing five barrows, get of one sire. Reports from sales at the show show a great interest in all breeding classes with a market emphasis on horses. B. B. Heide, manager of the E3q>ositlon for thirty years, said, “Price trend is upward^and holds a very bright future for stock breeders.”
Plan Trip For Aquatic Team
Eight or nine Boilermaker swimmers will bask under warm Florida suns during the Christmas vacation. Coach LaBree of the swimming squad is finding it a difficult task at present to choose those very lucky eight or nine men who will accompany him to warm waters in the middle of winter. Upon their return, however, the team will undergo rugged training, so as to be in form for the meets which will be arranged by Coach LaBree during the Big Ten meeting this week-end at Chicago.
Rush McQeary Accepts Position As Chemist
Rush McCleary, a candidate for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Division of Organic Chemistry at the University, has recently accepted a position as a research chemist with the Rohm and Haas Co., of Philadelphia, Pa., one of the companies which have established industrial research fellowships with the Purdue Research Foundation. According to H. H. Hass, director of Research of the department of chemistry, of seven candidates for Ph. D. degrees at Purdue next June, five have already been placed at salaries approximately equal to those offered in 1929. Statistics indicate that current production and sales in the chemical industries aye higher than the peak pre-depression years.
Mary Jeau light Rests
According to infomiiation that was received from the St. Elizabeth Hospital, Mary Jean Light, who underwent an appendectomy Wednesday, is resting qomforts^y.
EXPONENT STAFF Members of the editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs wiR meet Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Expmient office. —MORRIS.
Exponent Opens Fight For Platform Planks
Questionnaires On Paddling Honoraries Ready
For Fraternity Presidents
First steps toward putting two of the Exponent platform planks into effect are being taken today. Questionnaires addressed to each fraternity and honorary president will be
mailed out this afternoon.
The questionnaires ask fraternity presidents to give inform-
ation concerning paddling in
Elliott Speaks To 75 In Browsing Room Program
Pres. E. G* Elliott entertaiaed and advised an audience of about 76 people in the Browsing Room of the Memorial Union Building last night, opening by saying that he thought that the Browsing Room was the most valuable addition to the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Elliott declared, “The room is a wonderful exponent of self education, the most valuable method of gaining knowledge.” He gave five reasons why people read. They were: to learn, to loaf when doing nothpg else, to escape fr^m the everyday world, for culture in the betterment of one’s self, and to read for conversation. Impressive One of the most impressive parts of his talk came when he said that a book, in many cases, read by a young man, will determine what he is going to read in later life, and, more than that, his course in later life. Dr. Elliott closed his talk with the following advice, “Get little books and read them. If the book is not worth reading two or three times, it is not worth having.”
Butler To Activity Co-Eds
Representatives of co-ed activities from DePauw and Indiana Universities, as well as women from this University, will be the guests of Butler University women at the annual activities conference which will be held there Saturday, Decem-
ber 6.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will talk on the new rush system at the University, and Miss Clare Coolidge is scheduled for a discussion of the relationship of the faculty and W. S. G. A. Student Leader Ruth Copeland will be the student leader of a discusison of the W. S. G. A. Betty Arnold will lead a forum on W. A. A. Other University women attending the conference are Mary Humphreys, W. A. A.; Patricia Jones, Y. W. C. A.; Fay Pendergrass, W. S, G. A.; Jean Adkins, Mortar Board; Jeanette Scudder, Gold Peppers; Kathryn Merritt, Alpha Lambda Delta; Sara Schaaf, and Mary Gene Jarrett, Pan-HeHepic
Although Ina Ray Hutton and her orchestra have been recognized as a “hit” by such well known band leaders as Rudy Vallee, Fred Waring, Duke Ellington, and others, only the usual dollar will be charged for admission to Saturday’s mixer vste' h3t|ngs. her «&-giri hand to the H^^noriaDUnion ballroom. Officers of the Purdue Student Union have emphasized the fact that all Saturday night dances in the Memorial Union ballroom are to be classified as “mixers” and wfll last from 9 until 12 o’clock. Tickets for all such dances are priced at one dollar, although complimentary ducats will be honored. No “stags” will be admitted.
Council.
Women Turn Out For Volleyball
en Practice
Opi
Approximately 76 volleyball enthusiasts reported to the 'first open practice held yesterday in the Women’s Gymnasium. There will be one more open practice today at 4 p. m. before the regular schedule of games starts next Tuesday afternoon. Teams will be selected from the sororities, several organized coed rooming houses, and the four wards, Antmn Thatehw, head the of W. A. A. volleyball, urges all girla to get in the one required practice for intra-mural participation by reporting for play this afternoon at 4 o’clock.
YWCA Calniiel Meets
At a special parly last night at the home of Dorothy Bryant, 717 North Salisbury, the Y. W. C. A. cabinet entertained the adviso:qr hoard of that organisatioi). Gamca and refreshments were enjoyed by all those present.
their houses in order that the Exponent may publish an accurate rating based on the severity of paddling in each organization. Honoraries Size of fees and activities of honoraries are the chief points of information sought by the second questionnaire. Honoraries are the chief points of information sought by the second questionnaire. Honoraries will be rated in a aimilay
manner.
Officers of fraternities and honoraries are not required to return the questionnaires, although the Exponent feels that the accuracy of both ratings depends upon co-op-eration given the movement. The rating which is to be published after the questionnaires are returned and tabulated will be subject to any change at any time if the officers present pertinent information.
Price For Hutton Mixer
Duncan Engineer To Talk To AIEE
Stanley Green, chief engineer of the Duncan Electric Manufacturing Co., Lafayette, will be the principal speaker before a joint meeting of the Purdue student branch of the A. I. E. E. and the central Indiana section tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Green will take as his subject “New Inventions In Watthour Meters.” In addition to Green’s address, Prof. W. R. Hardman, of the University mathemate ics department will present an illus>trated lecture on “Stringed Figures.” Green, who graduated from the University in 1918, with the degpree of B. S. E. E., is a well known figure in the engineering profession, having been employed by the Westingy house Company, the Esterline-Anr gus Co., and the Central Indiana Power Company before coming to Lafayette to asume his present position. He has recently made several new conteibutions to meter design and application, including the development of a polyphase meter to fit a single phase case.
Tailed To Speak Toii%]it Paul W. Taneo, West Side photoo grapher, will spe^ to the Camexa Glpb tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room B of the Memorial Union BuRding^ Tanco will relate some of his periences en press assignments.
FOOTBAldL WORKERS
Facnltir and students who worked at the stadlnm doxing the football seasm)^ cadi at the ticket oMtet immsdiatAly twt your money.Wilt'.
^1 V-
i'
si’'’ iv' li^: 4'"'
f<’
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, December 8,1936 y
Questionnaires Questionnaires addressed to honorary and social fraternities for the purpose of rating these organizations according to the idems set forth in the Exponent platform will be sent out today. In requesting the return ot these questionnaires, the Exponent is emphasizing the fact that officials of the various organizations are under no obligation to do so, other than their desire to see justice done. Rating so many organizations, and rating them accurately, is a tremendous job, and the assistance rendered by these questionnaires^ is invaluable. I hope that there will be no organizations which will absolutely refuse to cooperate. If such groups are fomly convinced that they are correct in their attitudes, let them so state, and not become stubborn, refusing to lend their assistance. The ratings will be made even if not a single sheet is returned; it is therefore obviously advantageous to return the questionnaires as we have requested.
Enforcement
When the University took the doubtful privilege of handling student auto licenses and of enforcing the auto ruling away from the Student Senate last summer, the reason given was that the regulations would then be properly enforced. Now that school has been in session for almost three months, it is apparent that the University has failed to prove its point. In other words, enforcement is still a doubtful quantity; in November several students were still driving unlicensed cars. The provision that students must not be carried as passengers in cars with red license stickers has also lacked enforcement. If the University is unable to do the job, and if the Senate has failed to do so, what may we expect as the next move?
In Defence Of The Supreme Court
Ever since several decisions of the United States Supreme Court met with seeming popular disapproval, the purposes and usefulness of that important deliberative body have been widely discussed. The striking thing about these discussions is that the general feeling is that the Supreme Court should be abolished, limited in power, or changed in operation. The foremost objection to present practice is that the Supreme Court does not bow to the will of the people, as expressed through Con-
labor involved. One of the real criticisms of the method should be that the time is too short, rather than too long. An example of this is the manner in which the eighteenth amendment was rushed through and later bitterly assailed and repudiated. It therefore appears that those who comment viciously on the reaction they believe permeates the Supreme Court are speaking out of turn. The “Nine Old Men” may be old, but they are most certainly performing their duties conscientiously.
Greek Santa Clauses
Perhaps the most commendable community services performed by University fraternities during the past two years have been the Christmas entertainment and treats provided for needy children of Lafayette and West Lafayette. In groups of 10 and 20, approximately 500 poor boys and girls between the ages of six and ten years were given warm dinners, entertained with games, and given presents by the various fraternities each evening of the week preceding Christmas holidays both last year and in 1934. The sororities did their share in furnishing the needy children with a happy Christmas, They sent baskets of food, toys, and clothes to poor families, and several co-eds attended the parties at the fraternities and took care of the little girls. The spiritual and material value that the children derive from these Christmas parties cannot be underestimated, and we hope that the Greek organizations carry out similar programs this year.—R. P. M.
Line Forms To The Right
gress.
This objection, as may readily be seen after a little study, is entirely meaningless, at least insofar as it refers to the present work of the Court. Our Supreme Court, as originally intended, bows to the apparent will of the people when that will is expressed through the proper channel, namely, the constitution. The Supreme Court’s duties lie only in the interpretation and application of that constitution to the legislative acts passed by Congress. There is no question of the desirability or undesirability of the legislation involved, or at least there should not be such a question. It is rather the duty of the Court to decide whether there is a conflict between the provisions of the constitution and the legislative act under
discussion.
While it is undeniable that some of the laws declared unconstitutional were of great value to the nation, the way to override the Supreme Court decisions is clear cut—to make an amendment to the Constitution. For example, a majority of the people today favor some sort of child labor legislation, but, under the constitution as it exists today, such a law cannot be put into effect. The reason why the Supreme Court was assigned and uses these powers is also self evident. Both individuals and nations have their mad moments—^moments when they will attempt things at which, under normal conditions, they would not lead so readily. In order to curb such sudden enthusiasm, which at times might be almost disastrous, an involved machinery was set up whereby a change in the fundamental document of the land, the constitution, requires both considerable time and effort. This machinery has functioned effectively, as witnessed by the relatively few amendments adopted to date. It not only has delayed hasty action, but has also resulted in better amendments because of the time and
Four years of college training are of no value if the student does not get a chance iteto use what he learns. For that reason every University student who is going to be looking for a job next January, next spring, or a year from next spring can gain some worthwhile information by attending today’s lecture on interviewing a prospective employer. Seniors will probably be more interested in the technique of the interview—^the method of approach and the time of the day and the week to make the approach—^while juniors and any other underclassmen who attend the session, may get an idea of what employers look for in college graduates, and then plan the remainder of their college life accordingly. How much emphasis is placed on grades ? What value does the employer give to participation and achievement in extracurricular activities? How well does he test the student’s knowledge of current affairs ? Although the demonstration interviews have been arranged principally for seniors and juniors, they are open to members of the other two classes as well, and freshmen and sophomores who can find an hour or two to spare this afternoon at 4 o’clock, can use the time to advantage at the meeting in the Education
Building.—R. P. M.
beards — beardS — bearDS — beaRDS — beARDS — bEARDS — BEARDS —
“Chiloveme” BILL McNAUGHTON, Sig House tramp'—not that they aren’t all tramps, but MAC is A-1 tramp of tramps—^is gmng all the gals a turn—^he’s “just try’n ’em all”—he didn’t do so good in the Theta House—working on the Alpha Chis at present . . .
Wift ^urbue exponent
Fonnded in 1881
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by sinsrle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bosiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STA#F
Bditor-in'.Chief W. T. Hunt HanaKincJBditor. B. H. Morris
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Now that “little girl” PETEY LIGHT is in the hospital with a yanked out Appen BOB REID is a constant companion—she loves visitors at the present—even Wee ,Willi® HOPFER Would be welcomed—but, only if, when he arrives, he gives her due notice of arrival so she can get rid of REID ... By hook or crook K. B. McEachron has gotten hold of a DIAMOND RING. If you will look hard you will find it blossoming forth on the third finger of Marjorie Blalock’s hand any one of^ these days now ...
Out In The Cold
Having been fortunate enough to have a little extra money a year ago, I purchased an athletic ticket book. Being a thrifty soul, I decided to get my money’s worth out of the book by attending all the football and basketball games. That wasn’t the only reason, however, for I especially enjoy watching fast basketball games—the kind for which the Purdue teams are famous. But one thing irked me considerably last year. Rarely indeed could I arrive at a game less than fifteen or twenty minutes before it started and still obtain a seat. Then, when I wanted to be sure of having a seat, I would go early and have to freeze my hands and ears by standing out in the cold for a half or threequarters of an hour before the doors were opened up. Since I would rather freeze than stand up, I usually came early and took the chance that I would be alive yet by the time that the doors were opened to let the crowd in out of the cold. This year I again have a coupon book. This year there are more coupon books than last. This year the games are going to be played in the same place. This year I suppose I shall again have to choose between standing and freezing. That is, unless those in charge see fit to forget profits for a while and give the students with coupon books the kind of treatment they really deserve. After all, are the games played for the benefit of the students, or for the benefit of the athletic department’s pocketbook?
CLASSIFICATIONS FRANKIE FORD—sweet, pretty, sincere, easy to HUGHES . . . JUNE LIPPERT —brisk, alive, nice, talkative . . . MARY ED JOHNSTON—flashy, egotistical, alluring, rash . . .
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
Cowboy
A«ociste EWton K. A. Baniette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster,
R. P* Manton* C* L. Sadler
Scvbomore Auistento „W. M. Anthony; D. A BaUey,
3. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin.
• A. B. Keller. E. H. KelloKK, K. E. O’Neil,
C. D. Bebroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance.
„ . BU8INE88 STAFF Busincm Mamwr — Manonsl Advorttoinf Manaser
JL J. Hnlse —L. H. Brown
SPORTS'STAFF JtooriaBdUop
T. n Wrwidl
jMMWiata Sport! Editora UW. H, i^iiieid, S. R. Oriffitha. R. F. Obenebain
Issae Editor—J. A. Chapin
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 0. Permit open campaigning in all popular dectloBfl.
^^CCASIONALLY a telephone wire must be run
under a rug or carpet. The twisted wire formerly
used made an unsightly ridge.
So Western Electric—manufacturing, distributing and purchasing unit of the Bell System—produces a flat cord only one-eighth inch thick, seven-eighths of an inch wide. (Like this Within this tiny space are four conductors of insulated wire. Under the rug or carpet this cord is not seen, not even
felt with bare feet.
Even to the smallest detail, the Bell System is constantly on the lookout for the better way to make telephone service more satisfactory to the customer.
College men and women find after 7 P. M. a convenient time for making long distance calls. Moreover, most rates are lowest then.
uK1.1£ T li: i ii I*noX E SYSTEThursday, December 3,1986
THE PURDUE EXPONENI^
Pajjgg'lfitolwij
Chicago Pries Big Ten Net Season Lid
Indiana And Wisconsin To Battle Tomorrow
Chicago University’s basketmen started the Big Ten basketball season off last night in their game with Wheaton College at the Maroon Gymnasium. The final score: Chicago, 27; Wheaton, 24. Other conference schools will fol- ‘ low suit tomorrow night when Indiana and Wisconsin start out for a championship yery much within the possibilities of either team. On Monday, the Boilermakers will go into action for the first time this year as well as Northwestern and Michigan. Illinois will make its first try on December 8, and Ohio State on December 12. Three sets of Big Ten teams will meet on January 4, Purdue-Wiscon-sin, Illinois-Northwestern, Indianalowa, all teams for their first battle of the year with another Big Ten team. - According to the schedule of Ohio State, the Buckeyes will travel from coast to coast this season. They meet California at California, then Southern California ,then U. C. L. A. Later in the season, on January 9, they will meet New York University in New York City. Reports show that all Big Ten schools have net squads that prom-ise-a new kind of speed in basketball for the season.
ARC
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
-JOHN WAYNE ^LONELY TRAIL” — and — RICHARD ARLEN
“Mine With the Iron Door’^ V&lao — COLOR CARTOON - SERIAL Sunday - Monday - Tuesday “SWING TIME”
rtMN
Today - Friday - Saturday
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE The "toughest guy in the ser^ ▼ioe" and the "sweetest girl in the world"... It took th oza both to track down the moat dangerous I mail thiei yet unhungI
Plus 2nd Feature
If you want romance, if you want excitement, if you want thrills, if you want a bafningr murder story, then you want to see “Bridge of Sighs.” “Bridge of Sighs” . . . a triple-threat thriller I
ONStOW STIVfHS 'WoTHy TRCE dACK tA RUE • MARy OORAN •nA WALTER eVRON
. RoicH ,
ielder’s. ....choice
♦ ♦ ♦
.By Bob Walpole.
John Drake, Purdue’s choice for the most valuable player on the squad, is the youngest gridder of those selected to date from all of the Big Ten schools . . . —^fc— Sammy Lyboult, one of Piggy Lambert’s more promising sophomore cagers, is again back on the practice fioor after his knee operation a week ago last Tuesday . . . another week or so, and he will be back in form . . . —^fc— Coach Lambert will be the one who will especially appreciate the new fieldhouse to be completed next year . . . for years the varsity net squad has had to practice across the river in Lafayette ... after the high school team leaves the floor . . . —^fc—ru. Butch Loebs, the Boilermaker’s most valuable football player a year ago, was assistant coach on the West Virginia state championship team ... he went from Purdue to his position on the Huntington High School football coaching staff. —^fc— Cecil Isbell and brother, Cody, are not related to the Army’s new captain, James Horace Isbell . . . —^fc— From Chicago comes the story of the hot dog concessioneer who inv'ested his fortune on weiners for the Marquette-St. Marys game in November . . . only a few of the Marquette fans came down from Milwaukee, and the majority of the Chicago fans were St. Mary rooters . . . the day being Friday, and the hungry audience being Catholic the poor concessioner is now much poorer ... or awfully full of hot dogs . . .
Phi Pi Phi, Tau Epsilon Phi Open Fraternity Squash Toiirney Today
Today at 4 p. m., the opening matches of the class A interfraternity squash tournament, will be played in the bam at University and Third streets. Phi Pi Phi will furnish the initial test-for last, year’s champion; Tau Epsilon Phi at 6 o’clock. Each fraternity will be represented by one man, L. Garner, 1935 winner, probably being Tau Epsilon Phi’s representative. Class B Tourney Later in the year a class B toxmnament will be held. Class A represents the best man from each fraternity, while class B represents the second best. The winners up to the semi-finals will be decided on a two out of three game basis, while three games out of five must be won in the semi-finals and finals. The winning fraternity in each tournament will receive a cup, and the individual winner of each tourney will be presented with~a medal.
7:007:16-
8:268:40-
8:268:40-
7:007:16-
8-:26-8:40-
BASKETBALL
Grid Sclledule Announced
Butler, Northwesteru, Ohio State On ’37 Card
Purdue’s 1937 football schedule was announced yesterday by director of athletics, Noble E. Kizer. The opening engagement of the season will be with Butler in the Ross-Ade stadium, September 25, for the first part of a home and home contract with that team. The Bulldogs, who have just completed one of their most successful seasons, will play host to the Boilermakers in Indianapolis, October 1,1938. ,, Purdue^s return tilt with Butler in 1938, will mark the first time in ten years that a Big Ten team has appeared in Indianapolis, the Illinois game that dedicated the Butler bowl in 1928 marking the last appearance of a conference combination in that city.
w//A7* SeW/i/ZO CE/^TS:/Z.
One of the Boilermaker floorburners, who will start against Western State Teacher’s College next Monday. He is co-captain of the Purdue squad with Glen Downey.
“Dime symphonies” have gone over so well at Mi^and College that they will be presented at intervals throughout the remainder of the school year.
. Kizer’s Opinion In commenting on the renewal of gridiron relationships with Butler, Kizer said, “We are particularly happy that our overtures to Butler met with success and are looking forward to a great series. We particularly welcome the opportunity to appear in Indianapolis before the fans who have consistently supported our team in our home football games.” With the addition of Butler as
Introducing Today's Show-Off
Back in the days when there was less haste, A checkered suit, a diamond of paste, A gay cravat and a limber cane. Such were the marks of a male who was vain.
But now he ^‘struts” In a car with flash He’s always out for a crazy dash. His brakes may be worn and out of linei But both of his horns are aiways'fine.
He drives like a demon, even though He hasn’t a single place to go. He cuts around when chances are slim—• Danger to others means naught to him.
He thinks that a “Stop” sigif just means “Slow,” And Jumps the lights before they say, “Go,” ’ He shows no quarter to those who walk And thinks that their rights are so< N much talk. Many automobile accidents are simply the outcome of showing-off
by motorists, althouglx few If any drivers, after an accident has occurred, would allmit their vanity. The statistics of last yearr as gathered by the Travelers Insurance Company, reveal that the major portion of all the accidents due to driving errors resulted from hasty, needless and careless action, '^at a good many drivers fail to appreciate is that a minute gained at the cost of an accident is no bargain. -
WAA Begins Winter Sports Program
With the mass meeting held this week, all of the winter sports of W. A. A. have been introduced and practices are starting. \ All co-eds who have signed tap or are interested in shuffle-board, ping pong, or deck tennis are required to attend the meeting for these sports tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. The initial volleyball practice was held yesterday and continues today. The first practices for fencing, basketball, tumbling, riflery, bowling, and badminton are scheduled for next week.
the opening opponent, Purdue’s ’37 football schedule shapes up as follows; Sept. 25—Butler at Purdue. Oct. 2—^Purdue at Ohio State. Oct. 9—Carnegie Tech at Purdue. Oct. 16—Purdue at Northwestern. Oct. 23—Open. Oct. 30—^lowa at Purdue. Nov. 6—^Purdue at Fordham. Nov. 13—^Purdue at Wisconsin. Nov. 20—^Purdue at Indiana.
Onions and garlic were established articles of food in ancient Egypt.
To Battle For, ToucUballlitk
Saturday attetmm, Instead at this afternoon as previousljr anl noTuiced, will bring together twcf undefeated touchball teams, the Phi Kappa Taus and the Phi Kappa Psis in a struggle for the championsttip of the inter-fratemity touchbaD tournament. Darkness, which has made the games rather sloppy the last few weeks, was the cause of the postponement. The teams were exp«:ting to play tmder the lights of Stewart Field, but since these were removed immediately after the end of the football season, this is impossible. The Phi Tau team will be out for its second successive championship, having won the crown last year, while Phi Kapiia Psi will be striving for its initial triumph.
SQUASH
TODAY—REGULAR GAMES
3:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Si^ma Alpha Mu 3:46—^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Sigma. 4:30—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. 6:16—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 6:00—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 6:46—Phi E^ppa Tau vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:30—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tlieta Chi. 8:16—Pirathon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
W SHE HAD MILLIONS
f OF DOLLARS.... HE HAD MILLIONS
OF KISSES!
i
GIRL in the lUORLO^
JANE WYATT LOUIS HAYWARD
— Bztxa—
“THE BLONDE BOMBER” ^ MUSICAL REVUR
NAT PENDLETON EUGENE PALLETTE
r
CABTOON IN COLOR NEWS
Today Only hiiARS
Lafayette’s Biggest SKow Value in Years!
ALL SEATS
Until 2:00 p. m.
THESE PRICES FOR THI5 ATTRACTION ONLY
30c All Seats from 2:00 p. m. to 5:00 p. m. After 5:00 p. m Main Floor 40e
Balcony 30e Children (all day) 15c
—TODAY— Court 1—Official, Abell -Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi. -Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. -Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. -Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Delta Theta.
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION
ON THE SCREEN
ON THE STAGE
Court 2—Official, Caporaso -Sigma Phi 'Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. -Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. -Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. -Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Delta Chi.
Court 3—Official, Ross -Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. -Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. -Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Theta Ki. -Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Tftu.
IT’S TRUE WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT i DIXIE!
*
I
Uncle Toin's Cabin is a cabaret now, and all the darkies are truckin' to these Harlemixed hits!
"Pick, Pick, Pickaninny" "Uncle Tom's Cabin Is A Cabaret Now" "Does You Wanna Go To Heaven?" "It's Julep Time in Dixieland"
iiis
\\
w
True Christmas Cheer. .. Help to Moke Others Healthy
Stage Shows at 2:30 - 5:00 7:30 - 10:00
Stevens Bros, & Big Boy in **Bare Facts” Maxine &
Bobby
World's Greatest Jusfller "Dog with HwMan Mind"
Philmore
BrCo.
■4
Tomorrow and Saturday
MARS
Tho Hertloncil, State and Loccd Tuberctdosla . Assoctations ol tho United States'
.•V , '4^!^ i ',, -y
iiHiiMi
iUSllijiiHlIlUMteUk
Wy'l, ■' ‘
Four
THE PURDUE EXPONENT , : TWeday. December 8.1.9S6
'f?p
!i '$k
r- yS
/
SeM7—Bngle Call Basr Benny Goodman After YonVe C!one Tommy Dorsey
2546S—^Wfcen la a Kiss Not a Kiss Someone to Care for Me Ekidy Duchin and His Orchestra
25469—^Tain’t No Use Did Yon Mean It ? Benny Goodman and Orchestra
25471—Dinah Latch On “Fats” Waller and His Rhythm
25468—One Never Knows—Does One? An Apple a Day Ruby Newman and His Orchestra
McLEA N
Music Co.
514 Main St.
Phone 7917
LYLE E. FISHER
IK^atchmaker
This is all we do, but we do It well Wallace Block 32^ Ferry Sl 1 Opposite Post Office 1
The Risk Dental Clinic
dr. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 570i
SPABRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door lodMj^dwfc locksp nigfct latche* and padlocke. Auto keys and handle locks a apoctalty* F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind.
uDEAC” has everything for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPOWENT
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented^ and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershofif, 606 Main St-. Phone 2779.
Learn The Late Ballroom Dances —By enrolling in our new advanced ballroom class, Thursday, December 3, at 7 p. m.—^Allen’s.
. Many Things—That make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore's Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
NOTICES
No noticM acceptad aftar t p. m.
R. O. T. C^Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant's office, Armory, before 4 p. m.. December 8. —HAYFORD.
Women's Shnffleboard and Ping Pong^— Sign up on bulletin board in Women's Gym before December 4. —MAIER. Reamer Club—All active members and pledges required to meet in front of Heavilon Hall at 7 P. m. December 4. —BUXTON.
Fraternity Presidents—Meeting at 6 p. m., Deceml^r 3, at the Sigma Nu house. Important. —KETTLE.
Cosmopolitan Club—All desiring to attend dance Friday December 4, notify me by December 3 at 4 o'clock. Phone 46661. —MARCIA CLEVENGER.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Seobee'i REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Diaensslon Glroup—No meeting this week because of Browsing Boom meeting. Usual meeUng Decetaber 9. _kuehN.
W. A. A Dance—Any girl ^shing to work at the door of the dance Friday evening, December 4, call 7712. JONES
Union Worttem—My committee will meet in the workshop December 8 at 4 P.„m. in me worn- *_SHEETS, CLAYPOLE, pforzheimeb, stallings.
Art Club—Meeting December 8 at 7 iSO p. m. in room 1 and 2 of the
Interested Wrestlers—Boys interwted in wrestling report north end of 8^“ 4 and 6:80 this week. —VABLLi.
Pnrdue Glider Club—New coveralls are at Phi Gam house. I*h‘>«l^JJ;TSHIRE.
Basketball Ushers And Polic^The following report to undersigned^ Friday, December 4, 1936 at 4 p. m., in room 201, south end of Purdue Hall. N. L. Abell, J. D. Baker, C. J. G. O. Bell, M. Bell. R. L. Behrens, F. F. Beretta, A. G. Botney, A. J. Bredewat«, A. B. Bredewater, H. W. Br^er, T. 1^ Breslin. W. E. Britt. J. L. ffrock. Jack Brown. J. R. Buell, C. W. Hunger. F. B. Burmeister, N. R. Bush, J. D. Chapman, L. DeWitte, J. T. Doan, JD. R. Foster, G. N. Gale, L. W. Grft, L, L. Glenndenning, J. E. Goory, A. R. Grant, L. S. Graves, S. J* Hews, T. E. H^nw. E. C. Herachelman, B. L. Holzbach, C. K. Hughes, P. E. Humphrey, A. S. Ippohto. Cecil Isbell, Cody Isbell, R- A. Johnson, A. M. Juska, W. W. Knorr. H. G. Krause, R. M. Lemen, R. H. Luca^ F. Ma^iewicz, C. B. Malysiak, O. W. Martin, W. O. Mitchell. R. B. Marozik, A. E. Morningstar, J. B. Nesbitt, K. E. Paxton, B. E. Petrie, N. P. Poulos, D. F. Powell, C. G. Purvis. A. F. Raebel, C. A.^uth, M. A. Schreyer. R. E. Selby, F, L. Stelcup, W. R. Stark, C. A. Terhune, A. N. Thom, W. I. Thomas, S. J. Thursby. W.E. Upton, D. D. Utter ( P. H. Vernor, C. J. ^^®rplank, Charlra Wagner, J. E. Waling, J. L. Welsch, R. E. Williamson, F. J. Winchell, a J. Woltman, E. L. Yeager, C. R. Yngve, E. J. Zachary. —SANDERS.
“iJo that’s what you buy te«VAj'o«r TWENTY GRAND savings'
Purdue Lutheran Students Club—^Important meeting December 6 at V :30 p. room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Build--ANDRES.
Silver Mask—Important meeting December 4, at 7:80 p. m. at TKE house. All members please be P>^«®«"*1_bloCKER.
W. A. A. Swimming—Triton swimming Club December 3 from 7:30 to 8:30. Open swim from 8:30 to 9:30. —TUBBS.
Omicron Nu—Business meeting December 4 at 4 p. m. in room 108 of Home Economics Building. —TYLER
Purdue Engineer—^Editorial work December 8 at 4 p. m. in Engineer oflice. —JONES.
Flying Club—Meeting in room D in the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m., December 3. —SMITH.
Purdue Christian Foundation—All members of the Purdue student class of the First Christian Church are urged to attend the dinner welcoming the n,ew minister at 30 p. m., December 4, in the church basement. —BREWER.
Radio Club Members—The order to Ai^L for handbooks, license manuals, and will be made up at the meeting December —FORD.
Co-ed Bowling—Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 2. Play-off semi-final matcti in the ladies’ bowling tournament December at 7 p. m. —STUCKEY.
Kappa Delta Pi—Actives andc pledg^ will meet in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building at 5:16 P.
B & B
Union Workers—Our committees will meet December 3 at 4 p. —STALLINGS, PFOBZHEIMER, SHEETS, PUTZE. Will the following members of my committee meet in the office December 3 at 4 p. m.: Millholland, Mansfield, Brennan, Fielding, Keck, McGhee, Gertrude Smidt, Lucile Dobson, J. Quinn, Martha Reed, Carolyn Barker, Fay O’Bannon, Flossie Sequartz, Mary F. George. Very important. —CLAYPOLE.
Camera Club—^Meeting in room B. of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m., December 3. _ —CLAYPOLE.
SMALL for DU dance—and JIM VOGL wanted a date for the same dance with JEANIE-PIE—VOGL told JEAN that SCHREYER was wanting to break the date and told SCHREYER that JEAN wanted to break same date—SCHREYER immediately called JEAN SMALL about same—VOCL is now in the dog-house . . .
Co-ed Debate—^Trials December 3 at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. -WINCH.
Spelling Class—Students who have not passed their Freshman Composition spelling tests may take the test in special classes which will be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until Friday, December 11, from 4 to 6 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. Consult instructors for room assignments. —WYKOFF.
Skull and Crescent—^Meeting in Memorial Union Building" December 3 at 7:30. Very important that ail members should atend. —FENSTERMAKER.
Scrivener Club—Meeting December 3 at 8 p. m. at Professor Fatout’s home, 532 Harrison street. Bring manuscripts. —VERBER.
HAVE
THEM STAY
tn
matt
distinctive pleasant quiet comfortable convenient
Make Early Reservations in the
Purdue Memorial Union ComeroftheCampus—Yet the Center of Activity
lllllllilllllllll Copr. 1936 The Axton-Fiaher Tobacco Co., Inc.
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and DomesticTobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50% more.
Pins localSeil,Putt& Rusbyluc. Analytical Laboratories collaboration with tobacco expert) ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTIES
Glider Clnb—Meeting December 8 at 7:15 p. m in the reception room of the Union. —O’NEAL.
Oh, the RAZZEL-DAZZEL-UM-PUM-BAZZLE —lead with a right and you get it in the MUGCZZEL.. THEO-RIES: Learning when not to LAUGH is harder than learning when not to TALK! COEDS Haven’t learned either yet They always do both After being kissed, the DOPES. —^Kentucky Kernel
1937 Swing Show Open Tomorrow On Mars Theatre Stage
The 1937 Swing Show is perhaps the most complete stage show to come to Lafayette in years—since the good old vaudeiHlle days.
WB A A
11:00—^Hoosier Town Hall Program,
cha
classroom discussion in charge
of Prof. P. E. Lull.
11:60—^Purdue News Flashes, broadcast from publicity office. 12:00—Noon Musicale, Arsene Sum-
mers, contralto.
12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:30—Chemistry, Arbenal Technical
program.
12:46—Noon Musicale—
1:00—You and Your Health, Dr. S. J. Miller, “Will You Help In
Controlling Tuberculosis.”
1:15—Electrical Shop, Arsenal Technical program, “Edison, the Inventor of Incandescent Lamp, Storage Battery, Phonograph,
etc.” Prof. Topping.
1:30—American Literature, Arsenal Technical program. Prof. Sut-
cliffe.
1:46—^Markets. J. R. Hays. 2:00—Weather Report and Tomor-
row’s Program.
2:06—^Tuberculosis Association program, Annual Christmas Seal
Drive.
2:16—^Musical Album.
2:30—Songs and Melodies, Bill Jones
popular campus tenor.
2:46—Treasure Chest, Robert Horn
of Spech Department. 3:00—^Musical Moments.
3:16—Education and Society.
3 :30—^Afternon Musical “The Strang-
nlciTiiaf
er,” pianist.
3:46—Program sponsored by the /Lafayette Production Credit Bur-
Both New York and San Francisco have world fairs scheduled for 1939.
Come in and see the Parker Vacumatic Pen at Our Pen and Pencil Counter DECKER’S Phone 6477 618-20 Main St.
FOUNTAIN PENS AND REPAIRING
ANY PEN 6 JOBS IN ONE
1. New Sack. 2. Straighten Pointr» 3. Adjust Feed. 4. Special Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simonize Entire Pen.
All for Only 50c P. Pd.
Jobs returned same day received., We also trade pens and supply new and used parts. Rebuilts and leftovets for sale, every make.
UNIVERSAL PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash Chicago
A big percentage of our 018tomers ask for English lasts. For that reason our stock of Fortune English last shoes is large. They come in narrow and medium toes—^in the new' est types of both black and , brown leathers—^in a wide variety of patterns—^in sizes to fit you correctly. O.K.’d five times in all before they left the fiictory.
We Are Exclusive Agents for
Bostonians at $6.85 Friendly at $5.00 Fortune at $4.00
B&WShoeCo.
121 N. 4th St
Hm thinking fellow calls ' A YELLOW V-8 FORD Tj^XI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the ciQr 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Sho^ Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 i/j Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
Featuring the six standard vaudeville acts, a host of talented beautiful girls, a picked gorgeous ensemble of fourteen girls plus a^ eleven piece All Girl Band, playing “swing” music and appropriately called “Sweethearts' of Rhythm” and staring Emily Fisk, “the personality girl with the educated feet.” Mona and Delores, exponents of modern and daring dances. An eye' filling and thrilling modem dance by the entire ensemble to the music of “Beautiful Lady.” Songs by Charles Willis, of St. Louis Grand Opera Company—^nov-elties—^thrills-i-laughter and a gorgeous array of feminine pulchritude makes the “1937 Swing Show” the most outstanding musical and stage show to appear in Lafayette. Altogether forty-six people travel with the show.
The management of the Mars Theatre is proud to present the new and original 1937 “Swing Show” to its patrons Friday and Saturday. Plus an outstanding screm at traction “Can This Be Dixie?” Here’s “Ginger” Jane Withers as Dixie’s honey chile in heT latest and greatest Twentieth Centuyy-Fox picture, “Can This Be Dixie?”, in which the fun really shines all the time. The story is as refreshing as the frosting on a long, tall julep glass*
Ci&risitmas %\m
For family and telose friends, a porirait of yourself is the most personal—^tne most appreciated of all gifts.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT TODAY
Pie Foster Shop Studio
Opposite Purdue Union
Phone ms