1 t
BOILERMAKIRSi; ' '' f’/ Seek. Revenge Prom . Great Lakes
EDITORIAL URGES Coeds To Help Red Cross
Established 1889
xpcyteni • All-Out For Victory
Volume 55, No. 86
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February If,
Green Potters To Hold Dance Next Friday Night
University Will Take Active Part
& ^ I 1% I ^ ^ ^ £i6cfiofi TuGsdoY/ a ©Di*i/Qi*y 16/ In Second Victory Book Campaign To Rule over Evening’s Festivites Organization Will Accept ,, m. r ■ • i m
Fiction, Non-Fiction Books Elliott Proposes New SuDsidy Plan
Before Military Affairs Committee
The University will take an active part in the second “Victory Book” campaign, according to plans announced by librarian William M, Hepburn. For the remainder of February the University Library will accept gifts of books for the campaign, and will see that they are reported promptly to the State Director and sent on to camps or regional ware- — - — —
houses.
Students Witness President Sees Canners Award
The kinds of books wanted are current best sellers (Book of the Month, Literary Guild, etc.), popular fiction and nonflption published 1930 to date, adventure and westerns, detective and nljistery fiction, technical books published since 1935 in the fidlds of mathematics, machine mechanics and design, electricity, radio, photogi;aphy, aeronautics, navigation, meteorology, chemistry, physics, ship mechanics, military science, mechfinical drawing, architecture, Ptici, books of jokes, humorous stolfies, pdeket books of popular and ^ICIpda^d titles, high school and colIfeg^e language readers, grammars ^nd dictionaries in French, Spanish, pev^an, Italian and English if not than ten years old, recent hooks about countries in the war ftdtVsV" Shine 'johrnals of scholarly, j^iChtific and technical chai’actei. l^ry^a$ianda Not Wanted „ Bbpl^s not wanted are propaganda Jiamphlcts and books usually distfitiuted free, worn or soiled books, bboks with fine print or faded and discolored paper, and popular magazines. Donors ai’e requested to bring their books to the library if at all possible. Tables will be placed on the ground floor and in the reading I'oom whci’c books can be deposited ol' they can be brought to the libraryian’s office. If transportation is not available, pickup service can be arrpnged by phoning 2526 and reportjhg the number of volumes and the name and address of the donor. Delta Gamma i . . , social sorority, announces the initiatiort of the following gii-ls: Marjean Graves, Lafayette; Patricia iludson, Lafayette; Fay Gunlpper, Et. Wayne, and Peggy Neusbaum, Vincennes.
Kidnap Report Amazes Alpha Xi Pledges Two Alpha Xi Delta pledges were rather amazed to find that their names had been broadcast all over the state as having been kidnapped while they were staging a walkout during their “Courtesy Week”. It seems that an elderly gentleman had seen them waiting for the bus on Salisbury Street, when a maroon car came along and the girls were forcefully placed in the car and tkken away. The man was so alarmed over the incident that he called the police to tell him what he had seen. The girls were traced and their names were discovered. After an hour of searching, police came to the house to see if the girls had retux’ned safely. They found that the car had contained only boys who were interested in having the girls work at their fiaternity house in the afternoon so that the fraternity men might be spared some work and also help to give the girls their proper initiation. Alpha Chi's Lead In Red Cross Work Sororities completing the largest numbers of garments in the past two months were announced yesterday by the Red Cross. Alpha Chi Omega was first, with twenty-seven finished articles; Kappa Alpha Theta was second with nineteen articles and Phi Mu, third, with
seven.
Groups interested in doing Red Cross work may obtain materials any Monday or Tuesday at the Red Cross room in the sub-basement of the Union.
Two Army Films In EE Building Military students invaded the auditorium lecture room of the EE building yesterday at 4 p. m. to see the first of the weekly series of military movies. The first movie was a series of slides giving a graphic history of the war. Various charts, graphs, diagrams, and graphic illusti’ations showed the losses and gains of different nations, how production, manpower, etc., of the countiies compared. The second film was a movie on operations in New Caledonia, an island near Australia. In conclusion, the film showed a native village, which the Fienth have named St. Louie, in New Caledonia, at which the natives “performed a “witchdance” for the Americans. However, he heathen effect was spoiled because under the paint and feathers, the natives were wearing ragged T shirts given them by the Americans. Prof. Monroe Speaks AT AWS Conference Professor Monroe of the Speech Department spoke befoi’e the AWS vocational conference held yesterday in the Reception room of the Union from 4 to 5 p. m. The subject of his talk was “Interviewing For a
Job”.
Although the conference w'as primarily for coeds, F. L. Cason’s class in “Personnel and Industrial Relationship” sat in on the meeting. Lutheran Students . , . arc invited to a Valentine box social to be held next Sunday, February 14, at 7:30 in the Church basement at 610 N. Ninth street.
Coeds Get Tough; Eds Beware
6irls Suffer; Why Say More
Ry Pat Richardson
Crash! Bang! Another coed bites the dust! Don’t be alal^med, it’s just a 'class in Physical F'itness, the compulsory ^yin CoTr^e for all freshman and sophomore girls, which some wit has termed “miserable sickness”. On one side of a long, grey curtain, half of the class do calesthenics, while on the other side they learn to be junior commandos. It is rumored that the whole program was sponsored by Little (Colonel) npthing cermpared to the day-after-Orphan Annie the-fir.st-class in Physical Fitness.
The whole system of ob-
Some regard that day as the date
for the true emancipation of wom-
stacles and problems such as for they fiimly believe that the the rings, ropes, tumbling, cour.se will prepare women for jobs stunts on the buck and horse is to on construction gangs, as movingbuild up the strength and endurance van loaders and sundry other occuof the average coed. Of course co- nations which lequirej gieat eds don’t believe that they needed strength. It has been suggested that toughening but alter the first few gills who have taken a Physical Fitdays many admitted that they had ness course try out for football next
not known the moaning of the word fall.
“oxbreises”. According to the en- Dating Changed durance, strength and agility tests It is regarded by some students as which every one took, sortie coeds an attempt to exteiminate the ageai‘e practically walking corpses, do- less Order of the Wolf. Dating will Void of any muscle whatsoever. become a dangerous pastime for the Ketnember First Class men, but probably the wrestling A date that will be long remem- team will have more applicants, bei'cd is the first class in Physical Who wants to be unpiepared when Fitness. When coeds arc old, grey they go out with a girl who can and have a combination of rheuma- apply a half-nelson and knows all tisra, arthritis and sciatica, they the fuiidameiitals of jujitsu ? will cheerfully exclaim that it is Many gills have changed tlieii
plans for the future because of Physical Fitness. Typical of the dreamers are those who have visions of becoming Lady Supermen, Tarzans and acrobats. More practical are the plans of those who wish to become foiest rangers, cowhands, and policemen. After all, there’s the WAAC’s, WAVES and the SPARS, so why sholudn’t girls change their peace-time vocations? The more sinister chaiacters aie those who keep exclaiming about how easy it would be to climb to the second story of a house. First Aid Needed Each day takes its toll in casualties, as the coeds exercise to grow stronger. Toi n ligaments, sprained ankles, fiooi burns, sciatches, aching muscles and bruises are the usual afteimath of today’s gym course. PEW courses of the past seem to be just an excuse for buying apples from Mrs. Smith compared to Physical Fitness. Few girls enjoy the class and some despise it, but they all agree that it is the proper thing for wartime conditions and admit that it does them good. Gone are the days when coeds could skip gym or just play in class; from now on they’ll be busy building
muscle.
Little Danger Of Dictatorship
According to a United Press release. President Elliott, testifying Tuesday before the House Military Affairs Committee, proposed a far-reach-ing student subsidy system of education which would be designed primarily to provide a “stockpile of trained manpower” at the expense of the federal government. During the course of the interview President Elliott declared that such a program, involving regular payments to students, would “go further” in regard to supplying trained manpower than the educational systems sponsored by the government under the National Youth Administration.
Army and Navy Programs
The army, navy and coast guard, in collaboiation with the War Manpower Commission, are already embarked on programs of training especially adapted to meet service requirements for trained personnel and to prepare civilians to fill positions in the seriously depleted scientific, medical, and technical fields. Throughout the testimony President Elliott, who is chairman of a special committee in the War Manpower Commission, charged with selecting the non-federal institutions for these service programs, stressed the subsidy phase of his plan. “We may have to pay students to go to classes,” he tofd^the
committee.
No Danger Of Dictatorial Education President Elliott stated that he saw no danger of federal dictatorship over education. “The training programs,” he said, “constitute assurance that essential trained manpower needs will be satisfied.” Asked by Chairman Andrew J. May, D., Ky., of the Military Affairs Committee, whether the government intended to “usurp and take over the nation’s educational institutions and pi escribe the curricula,” Elliott replied with a very emphatic “No”. “There has been a lot of wild talk going around about federalization of education,” he said. ‘iBut as head of one of these institutions I have never been afflicted with the jitters.” Expressing his own opinion conceihing the centralization of educational power under federal control. President Elliott made this revealing statement: “I am most certain, sir, that with all the wisdom concentrated 111 Washington, there still would not be enough to dictate to
education.”
Pigtailed Coeds Set New Style Ram certainly brings on a crop of pigtails among the coeds. Bewildered eds look on in amazement as campus cuties suddenly sprout littlegirl braids tied in ribbons in a w'lde assortment of colois. Round-faced girls, churtby little gills, thin-faced girls, all appear in a hair-do copied from ten-yeai old sister Susie. The general idea seems to be “if my room-mate can do it, I can”, for pigtails have broken out, not in isolated cases, but in an epidemic, especially at WRH. The gals all look the same from behind, but from the front they still exercise that famous feminine individuality. The coed’s cohrment about the trend IS “We’re setting a fashion,”
Two Scholarships At Conference On Tuesday and Wednesday of this week the Indiana Canners and Fieldmen held their sixteenth annual conference in the Union. Fieldmen are the agents of the canners who arrange for buying the produce from farmers. ' The program dealt chiefly with methods of increasing output with less labor, controlling pests, and better fertilizing methods. It is believed that quite a bit of next summer’s tomato and corn crop will be sent abroad under the auspices of the Lend-Lease plan. Scholarships At the banquet Tuesday night, Robert Beckemier of Shelby county, and Lyle Barton received a $100 scholarship from the Indiana Canners’ Association. Both are 4-H club members. Frank Blackard was named the state tomato champion because of the large size and excellent quality of his product. University graduates and faculty members played a prominent part in the conference and contributed to the information which delegates received. These conferences are held to help the canners, fieldmen and farmers to better coordinate their efforts. Also, it is held to inform the members about the newest methods of canning, growing and grading the vegetables. Hoof And Horn Holds Tenth Annual Banquet Last Tuesday evening Hoof and Horn was host to 90 people at the tenth annual sirloin banquet sponsored by the Animal Husbandry department. The purpose of the dinner, according to Professor Gobble of the Animal Husbandry department, was to afford the students an opportunity to study the steer on foot, ill the carcass, and on the plattei. Principal speaker for the evening was H, C. Royce, field man for the Indiana Farm Bureau, whose subject was “The Significance of Meat During the Present Emergency.” The talk, philosophical in nature, was composed of the speaker’s personal opinions concerning the regulations imposed by the government on the marketing of meat and its by-pioducts. In examining the ceiling pi ice on meat from the standpoint of the cattle breeder, Royce opposed to the present regulations. Royce was introduced by Professor F. G. King, head of the Animal Husbandly department. Toastmaster for the evening was Robert White, president of Hoof and Horn. PIA Continues Dance Classes On Monday PIA members who were unable to atend the first in the senes of dance classes may tome to the South Ballroom next Monday at seven o’clock. These newcoineis will receive a preliminary half houi insti'viction. Mr. Allen, who is conducting the classes, will teach the rhumba, fox trot, and some jitterbug steps. It is not too late to join. Anyone wishing to join should come at 7 o’clock and members come at 7:30. The classes, open to PIA members, cost two dollars and fifty cents for the men and are free to PIA women.
Dick Cisne Will Provide Music For Occasion; Dancing Wiii Take Place in Both Ballrooms
By Barbara Gregory
Jim McCormick, president of Green Potters, has just announced that Dick Cisne and his orchestra will play for the Green Potters’ Dance to be held Friday, February 19. The hours of the dance will be from 8:30 to 11:30, and it will be
held in both' ballrooms of the Union.
One of the outstanding features of the evening will be tifee ^ — presentation of the queen who
will be elected on Feb, 16. Nominations for queen were completed today, and the following girls have been chosen to represent the freshman class in the election: Barbara Bonfiati, Wanda Bower, Barbara Coniiar^, Les Canning, Mary Bell Funderburk, Barbara Jean Gregory, Pat Harding, Virginia Lutz, Mary Mattix, Levon Merchant, Mickey McCormick, Jane Post, Frances Robinson and Harriet Thompson. Thfe election will be sponsored by tBe Student Senate, and it will be held in the Great Hall of the Union. Ah freshmen must present their pass-
ports in order to vote.
Cisne is well known throughout the mid-west. His campus band has been organized longer than any other collegiate band in this section-'af the country. He is as well known, at the University of Illinois. Evefjrwhere the young leader goes he is applauded as an accomplished pian-
ist and leader.
Last fall Cisne was here for Ae Gold Diggers’ Ball, and he has therefore b^j^e known to the students of th^^niversity. Just before his recent visit at one of the local theatres, he completed an engagement at one of the leading hotels ih Kansas City. His twelve piece band has toured many of the cities in the country, and he has played at many of the universities in the mid-west,. The dance will be informal, and the tickets will be $1.10. Anyone can attend the dance, since it iHll not be restricted to freshmen. The backdrop will carry out the theme of the Green Potters. It is ho]^ed that many of the upperclassmen as well as freshmen will attend the
dance.
Teacher, Trainer,
Leadership Conferees
Discuss Fire Control Problems of industrial fire protec-
tion and organization were the topics discussed yesterday at the first meeting of the teacher, trainer and leadership conference, sponsored by Fire Defense Section, Office of Civil-
ian Defense. The 148 representatives spent the day learning the
fundamentals of organizing units
for fire protection.
The highlights of the program were the speeches by Major Gilliland and assistant director of the University fireman school, E. Cox. Major Gilliland’s speech was on “Panic Control” and brought out the different methods used in handling people during bombings and other
times of panic.
Industrial Fires Increase Cox spoke on the great damage that has been done to industry in America by fire. He brought out the fact that the loss in homes due to fire was greatly decreased in 1942, but the loss in industry by fire has
been doubled.
Four of the biggest fires in industry were started by common hazards. Cox said there are no new causes for fires. “Industrial fires constitute one of the important enemies of production. Whether they be caused by carelessness, sabotage or enemy bombers, the slowup in production of vital war materials is a great aid to the enemy. Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: President, Win. Fleming; vice president, Thomas Orr; treasurer, Harris Baker; secretary, Robert Forman, and house manager, George
Gay.
ERG Those men who enlisted in the ERC for transfer to the Navy or Marines should report to Room B-7, basement of the Armory, to sign their application for transfer.
Valentine’s Disease Reaches Peak Soon
By Jean Yargar Disease with its typical thoughtlessness has attacked the campus. The peak, of the epidemic is expected to be reached this Sunday. Chief fear is that the illness may be heart trouble. Symptoms of the disease aie easily discernible and may be discovered in the very earliest stages. They are as follows: mass production of poetry, bright eyes, day-dreams, and considerable palpitations of the heart. Symptoms During the fiist stage of the illness, the patient becomes suddenly fond of such characters as Venus and Cupid. Numerous tests have shown that the sentimentality of coeds cause them to be more susceptible to the disease than the eds. In fact much scientific probing has led to the conclusion that perhaps Valentine’s Day has a little to do with this sudden illness. No cure has yet been discovered, but don’t be afraid, since medical circles have decided that no matterhow filled the Swedish lounge becomes no quarrantine will be placed for “lovesickness.” Dr. Kill-Joy, of the University, is seeking a vaccine, but with the discouragement of the student body, he will probably be
unsuccessful. Relief Possible Suffering patients are undoubtedly relieved of some pain after'receiving flowers or candy. One coed gave a sigh as she murmured that last year she received violets; thus her pain was temporarily alleviated. Another coed sighed as she looked at the battered, worn picturq of hfir ed decided that relief could ejssllsr come to her with a new picture. Waving the third finger, left han<^ was^ enough to know the gift one coed desired. Many asserted that a pin from “the” man would hely in their case. From all indications it seems that everything depends on the eds. HoW about it ? The coeds seem to agrde with the eds—what with the dwtt and all—that it is well to: “Gather ye rosebuds while ye may. Old Time is still a flying.” Valentine’s Day has always been a day of tribute to lovers. With many experiencing the above malady, perhaps you eds had bet^r order those flowers now. At leakt send her something to let her MoW that she is special with you; then it will be certain that you vrUUhu special with her, too.Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February 11, 194^
I;
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and business furdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Busino'is Manaecr News Editor Manairini; Fdilor Senior Advertisinr Manaecr Spocts Lditar titeed Editor Coed Business Exccutnc
illiam G Boskins Gerhard H Klouman Kobirl \\ Boswiiiklt Dale E BuU James G Pettj Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff
td tonal Stall
Awocute Editors 1 T Voith 1 T K hnrK W H Tvson W I Verm 1 on M L Is ith C
dell E Murphy
Coed Maff Pnyllis Mnnn Martha L e R krs Carolyn Wilbur
Elaine Ahrens
Sports btalf G So ards T Acker i an D Shryer R Smith
1 flit 1 C Marlin
Business Staff Assistant Adrertisinjr Manaaer 7 F Ij Advertising: Managers J Jriexon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Krooi 1 n Accounts Manager Mary C Its
The Purdue independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Wilbur Sports Editor Higgs Day Editor Mann Issue Editor Donhan Workers Tuesburg I umpkin 1 syncs S) eck Gregory Rich ardson Ljnch Craig Garrett iLargar Steel Parson Si rii g Karas Spandc G otnes Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ettc Ind ana un I r the act of Coi gross of March 3 1879 an 1 at tl e spec al rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 191 autl oi z d January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thur day Fn lay and Sunday mornings during th yeai Del vered loealiv by carr er for 81 76 for a semester or ''3 00 for two semesters by piail for 00 for a semes er or $3 60 for t vo semesteis Represented for nationa alvcrt mg by National Advertis mg Sen. ee Inc College P blishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
War Work. . *.
Yesterday the local Red Cioss unit an nounced the scope of the coed war effoit through Red Cross channels They reported 53 articles produced bv thiee groups plus a few miscellaneous items from other organizations It takes time to knit a sweater, but a sum total of sixty gaiments is not exactly an outstanding contiibution foi well over one thousand women to make in two months’ time Chiistmas of 1942 is pretty much a thing of the past, while Chiistmas of 1943 is still quite a distance in the future but the coeds continue to spend goodly poitions of their time in class and out, knitting with yams representing all the colois of the lainbow except oli\e drab Mavbe olive diab doesn’t appeal in the lainbow but that is no good leason foi excluding it fiom coed knitting bags The Red Cioss has had no difficulty in the past in meeting its quotas and it will pi oh ably continue to fill them in the futuie whethei the coeds help much oi not Howeiei stu dents w ho ha\ en t the money to buy bonds oi e\en stamps could ‘ do then pait ’ by giving a little of then time and eneig3 instead If the housewnes of Lafayette can plan then days so that they can take off a whole afternoon to woik in the dugout coeds could suiely ai lange to spend a little of then joeing time working foi the Red Cioss An hour oi two spent lolling bandages and considering that those bandages are going to be used would make it easier foi the coed to lemembei that there is a wai going on It might lead to moie houis spent in wilting to the bojs in the seivice and moie hours spent at the USO centeis The women at Purdue do not need to feel that it is their patriotic duty to drop school and take a factory job, they ha\e a job that can be done right heic How much they do is up to them —'S r b
Second Lf-. W. H. Heat^h who giaduatcd fioni the mechanical engined mg school in 1942 has been commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Alai me Resemes at the Jacksonville ria Ka al An Station
Cadet j. M. Neff
foimci student at the Unnei it\ is now at Pecos Aimj An Field Peco'- lex completing his basic flying tiainmg with the an foiee Pjiemetcoiologieal tiaining will be oflfeied bj the Univeisitj of Michigan „taiting Mai eh 1 undci duee tioii end ponsoifahip of the aiiiTi m foices
A poitiait ol Henn Claj aftei an oiigiiial bj Samuel ] B Moist ha-, been piesented to the Lni leisitv of Kentucky by the Che aptal c and Ohio Railvay Co D MalteiC Cofley pic idci t oJ the Univeisity ot Miime 0 a la been named to le jve the Ameiican I aim Bneau ledeiations annual awai 1 ioi distin gun' 1 (ni ( t agii ultLi Wmtliojj eolkp ^nls fi m cdueili n sotialogy and ) i J leal tdiu itmn tlas e leiei tlj heliied gathei in the bui 1 /Cl op f eotto! Re istiation ol - - 2 it Jilts Cilltge is one <1 thelcigestii the II tiiut n lo ,, 1 istf y Kii bundled btdiiiti itpieseiit i e iss gm d to the naya) tiainmg sehoi 1 foi eleetiic u t thi Ui i VI ibi y Villipova tlM ) t lle„e leeenlly eeh hated its 100th annivusii)
mSHMTOM Tm Rcij U S Pat OH MERRY-GO-ROUKD ly DREW PEARSON Thurman Arnold Resigns From Trust-Busting Job To Appeals Court Judgeship WASHINGTON—Seeietaiy of the Intel loi Ickes has a U S Senatoi squatting on Govciiiment land and docsn t quite 1 now yyhit to do about him The squat tei IS Montanas Scnatoi Buiton K Wheelei who has a house on Lake M vcDonald in the Glnciei National Paik ^ The house was acquiied bcfoie it was against the layy foi i membei of Congiess to own a house at Lake MacDonald That was m 1916 when Wheelei yvas U S Distnct Attorney m Montana and when pait of the Lake MacDonald aiea was undei the Foi e-,tij Seivicc Later Wheeler was elected to the Senate and all of the Lake MacDonald area was made part of Glacier National Paik The year after Wheelers election 1921 he himself raised the point that he could not legally sign a permit to keep his house in the national park This IS based upon Title 41 Section 21 of the U S Code which piohibits a contiact with the United States by which a membei of Congiess would shaie Ol piofit Wheelei howovei was allowed to letam his hoqse m the national paik without signing a peimit He was a squ ittei on government sufferance This continued foi 17 yeais until Septcmbei 1941, when the Wheelei cottage was damaged by fire and he asked peimission to lebuild The Scnatoi took the mattei np with the then Un deisecietaiy of the Inteiioi Jack Dempsey in chiige of national paiks who authoiized the lemodelhng job and since it yvas illegal foi Wheelei to sign a lemodel ling permit Dempsey suggested that it might be signed by Mis Wheeler Accordingly Mis Wheelei on Octobei 8 last ycai made an oial request foi such a peimit Hoyvevei As sistant Secietaiy of Inteiioi Biulew lUled that it yvould be contiaiy to law foi any membei of the Sen atoi s familj to sign a peimit This decision was taken ju=t befoie Christmas and iheie vhe mattei noyv stands No one knows yvhat the next move will be whcthei Wheelei will continue to keep his summei place and if so hoyv he can rebuild it without a pcimit • Somervell's Pentagon Lt Gen B B Someivcll efficient Chief of the Seiv ices of Supply accompanied Piesident Roosevelt to Casablanca While theie he peppeied his suboidinates in Weshington with cables oideiing this that and the other thing to leinfoice Gen Eisenhowei s aimy Gen Somervell has become famous for building army camps jacking up *he Quaiteimaster Corps putting neyy lift in the Ordnance Depaitment But piobabh his greatest pride and joy is the Pentagon Building largest office building in the world where people wno haye wo kt 1 tnere weeks still get lost where legend has it that a Western Union messenger boy spent so long in its labyiiiith that he came out a lieutenant colonel So aftci Gcntial Somtivcll had sent leins of cables oidtiing ill sorts ot supplies hi \yeuy chict ol staff Mij Gen W D Styci cabled him Whv not ship Ponlagon ’ ® Thurman Arnold Resigns Trust busting rhurmaii Arnold who has done more to protect the doctrine of free competition laid down by the Pounding latheis than any man in Ihiee de cades has finally decided to bow out as Assistant Attorney General and sit on the cloistered bench of the U S Court of Appeals foi the Distiict of Co lumbia In doing so Thurman set a piecedcnt He turned down a $100 000 law job in New York Ihat much money is tempting tacn to a Republican but espe cially to a man as poor as Ihurman Arnold Stepping into a luciative law job aftei thij relative poverty of a government siliiy has been the accus tomed thing foi yeais but Arnold said No He has tyvo haid hitting young men who piobably will take his place Hugh Cox as Assist mt Attorney Gcneial in chaigt of the Anti liust Division and Tom Clark piobably is Assistant Attorney Gcneial in chaige of a neyy War Division They yvill be good But they 11 h ive to be ayvfully ; ood to equal the bellicose badgeimg lelentless Thiuman Arnold Real leason Ainold is stepping out is that eveiy time he attemjits to picsecutc i big coiporation the Aimy the Nivy the Interstate Commeico Commis Sion Ol the Civil Aeionauties Bond steps in and says Sh h You might distuibe the prosecution of the yyai Attorney Gcneial Biddle has backed him up to the hilt Some d ly Thmmin says he s comin„ bad He wonts especially to be in on signing the peace Mean yyhilc he says ‘ I guess I m 111 e the Maix Biotheis— they cm bo awfully funny foi a long y\hile but final ly people get tired of them V lot of the buieauciat-, lie not only awfully tned but awfully soie at me ® Money-Changers In Temple While Rooseydt ysas in Cisablanea it looks as it omc of the n oney chingeis he piomisod to dine out had cicpt back into the temple The Due Railioad and Moi„an Stanley Co off ■-hoot of J P Moigan have just put teios-l i ne it bond deal without benefit of competitive bidding Lack oi Lompetitivc bidding w is the seoiuge of the old Coohdge Pull Ma 1 e day Heic IS what happened The Liic Riilroaci flush with liiuhng wai o d“is went to Jesse lone^, and asked to buy in $11 000 000 of its 4 pei cent bonds held by the RFC callable at $105 JesoC obliged letting the Erie have its bonds foi $]03'’8 which incidentally netted the RI C a nice profit or $i03 000 Ihe I PC \ as undci tie impicssion that the Luc w<^s 1 eta mg its bonds out of wai eainings But then he 1 all Old tinned aiound an 1 boiioyved $14 000 000 It 3' pel cent fiom the Moigan eiowd without let ting othei bankei s bid liie is lecoiving only 96 tents Ol the dcllii liom the ]y[oi.-,in gioup which me ms a j iity piofit toi the 1 anl ei s Meal yy'ale the C hes ipeake and Ohio Ralway i put oyvnei of 1 iic tommon stocl claims that the I ond deal meai m in leased imuul inteiest pay n cut ol tlO 600 And Cy 1 us 1 aton ol Cleveland claims that mid W i stci n I inkci s w ci c not given a chance to bid tl it the tiais cti 1 w is bottled ip in Will Stiecl 1)11 illy tlie Intel st te ( r 1 nei et Commission y\hich las final aithiiity li is tilled i lieaiing ind theie at even lumbliigs tli it Jesse Jones might leveise himself and call oil tin o igni il bond sale to 1 lie (Copyiight 194o I y United 1 eaiiue Syndic iti Inc)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By
What s this ' bcoiched eaith '
University Calendar
Thiiirsday, February 11
8 00 A M
1 nemen Teac leis Tiainmg
Rooms 355 363
Union
3 00 PM
Sc een Rey ley
Hall of Music
1 00 P M
AWS Confeicncc
W Faculty Lgc
Union
6 30 P M
POMM B n quet
E Facul y Loe
Union
7 00 P M
Hjyy to Study Gioup
Roam 307 Union
7 30 P M
Thomas EntomoIo,^y Society
Room 103 Ag Hall
7 30 P M
Ag Economics Club
Kms 202 204 Ag
Hall An
Today's Screen Review News—8 mm - 3 27—4 41 Our Last Frontiei—9 mm 3 35—4 49 Barbee cues—10 mm 3 4^—4 58 Information Please—10 mm 3 54—5 08 Six Hits and a Miss—10 min _ 1 04—5 18 The Witnesa.—10 mm _ 3 00—4 14—5 28 Famous Boners—10 mm 3 10—4 24—5 38 Sky Trooper—7 min 320—4 34—5 18 Out—5 55
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett and Jim Kithaidson Accoidmg lo Donald Nelson the piioiiiie iccently gncn to synthetic lubbei plant consiiuction yyill tyei’i a lubbti crisis which he beliet es w as scheduled toi next Octobei and Not cm hci This jeai’s lequiiements lor lubhci ha\e been set at 577 000 tons and as we ha\e only 400 000 ton on hand at the present time it m obMOUs that we mu t piodicc the balance m some say in oulci to con tinue the w n without being <-iing wtil pioduetion 1 itcs hindered by a shoi cage ot this kind Eflicient synthetic rub bei pioduetion when it gets m d v s shce& will oon be m then to fill swing may finally push dc ith thi es ylei tho=e tint 1C u^ over the tep on oui wi/ t w n 11 1 1 a the pie enl 1 itioncd supply mng tl Is w u I ccausi of its c\ at sold It his icccntly beeomt in tieme impoitine Inth befoie ind eieisiigl lilt oltii vinous iftii the yvii t e go/cinment will tyiies (f lo Lwe 1 itn s t\y 1 e loi soon face the pioblcm of setting up shoes toi e imiile The f oveinment the vddition 1 adn iiastiatioii win h h itlc istd tl e f ict th t ill sh i yvill be needed loi piopei dibtiihu m nut etiied in tic lutuic will It tion of the new eisat/ iiibbci The ff ccitiin stuidndized styles old pioblera y 1 th 1 i se 1 0 much yvhieh will le ol taidud p lity comment 1 ite list yen has d ed y\ tl i pic i in ties gr ataieison doyy 11 foi the time beng but it mi st iblepiite I ancy not Ic ioigotlcn tl it s m ol its e t li in its lo jay the puce ft !e
China By G. B. Wu CHRIS 1 UN WORKS IN CHINA Chiisti'iuity b fiist entianee into Clam, was m the 7tli Centuiy when nussionaiics fiom Poiaia Ncstoi laiio vyeic yye'comcd by impeual tleciee In 1923 John of Monte eoivini came aid ot'iei Iiancis canb folloyvod him In 1552 Eiancis Xanei died near Canton the Jesuitb continuing hib iwoik Pci secutionb piactieally obliteiated these eaily effoits but the names still shine as a few blight stirs show in a cloudy sky In 1807 the London Missiomiy Society sent Robeit Moiiison Amciicin Con gationahsts came in 1829 The first missionaiicb liom the Episcopal Chinch aiiived it Cm ton 1835 The Eng'ish Chinch Mis sionaiy Socicvy sent itb first people to China m 1841 the En^lUh bo ciety loi the Piopagatfon ol the Gospel in 186 5 The Americans started it Shanghai md yyqiked up the Yangt e Valley The English went fiist to the South jwheie the Dioce&e of Hongkong was 01., in ized in 1819 then to Mid China m 1872 md to North Chmi in 1880 A Cmuhm dioct^Se Ilonm yy is oigani/ed m 1909 As biools convei-,c to make i iivei so these few mi sunaiies 1 huiuhcd yens igo stated little be ifteied picecb ol woii yvhich gicyv until they loimed continuous dio cescs and these m 1812 united in a n ition il Chinch called Chung FIiu Shei g Rung Hiti Ameiiem beeinnings Horn lb 5 to 1893 eathci iiounii five suece sive bishops Boone Wild mis beheicbclew ly the second Boone md G i\c Bis lop M illiam Jones Boone in Shmgnii siuted woil that 1 itci i eveloped into bt Johns Univcisi y y\laeh is the olde t edu e itional institution in y hina and pioduccd o5 pel cent 1 all Chmcoc leu "IS lh"n bt AI ly s II ill ot Luke s md Stv, Eliz ibcth s Hos pitals Development ot natiye lead ei^hip y lb li an the fast in the land., ol il the loieign Icadeis Biohop b u iiiel I J beheiesc loyy 1 y cont ni e 1 y 1 at his j ic Icccs om h ul slatted with las .^ni in^ scholaily ic \l enfs 1 t mslat 1 g t! e Lil e 11 lo Cl c Bishop Bxnes s 1 V lliam Jones Ji Lee i ne Ch is tiuilh
ARC
TODAY {’.ru SATURDAY
At last Eiidays mixed lecica lion 160 eds and coeds participated 111 syyannang dancing badminton shuffleboiid b isketball and ping pong WAA sponsors the ictivity cveiy Eiiday evening fiom 7 30 to 10 in the AVomcn s Gy m Only equip mci t needed is a pin of lubbei soled shoes and a dime in case an ed w mts to bvvim —WAA— In the badminton singles toiuney, 28 coeds are enteied in the lound lobin match After the singles tour ney is completed rn the next three yveeks a doubles tournament will be gin Gals playing in the singles aie asked to aiiange then matcLes so they will be finished by that time —WAA— Eleven teams have been enteied in the b isketball touinament which yvill also continue foi the next three weeks learns m the two leagues pliy then g line" every Monday, Wednesday and Eiiday alternoons, thiee games being played each aft einoon -WAA— All WAA membei s interested in positions on the WAA Council foi next yeai aic asi ed lo turn in then petitions to the WAA office by to moiioyv bishop icnewing the emphasis on the tiainmg of native clcigy and stienj thening the education"I ac tivities which have always iis tinguished the Shanghai diocese It wis duimp his episcopate that v yi ung m"ii named Eianeis L H Pott eamd to St Johns over which he y\as to piesile a picsidcnt foi moie thin 50 yens Meanwliilo Fn., ish and Can uli m missions hid been 1 releasing The little liook and iwulcts of the crily yyoi) had become smeable stiearns In 1918 came the fiist Chii CSC bishop Psac song Sing An i IS all the ii\eis lun into the sea yet the sea is not full so aftei 1 100 veils the his oiy of the Chinese Cl inch has scarcely bc-,un (Continued in next issue)
I o\ 1 s i Idle 1 oes nd piobibly moec un tcgithei with mote Ian
Capiured By Allies! MEETING PLACE OF PRESIDENT ROOSEVEIT with ALLIED LEADERS CMABIUKCII BUT HOLLYWOOD GOT THERE FIRST CnI/ Day, Before rho North Africaa Invasion Warner Bros Put the Fiinshin-j Touches on their f-ilm Sfor/ of the Fight for Africa * Prophetically Titled "CASABLANCA" STARRING HUMPHREY BOGART INGRID BERGMAN
Also PPRII^ OF NYOKA Chapter No 7
Coming Saturday MAM
det Ills ml iinpi ct c il t es ne ye lob n med 0 it itislactnily \ 1 itLci f gl t 1 p Li lie I m Cn .,iess o\ci lie icccntly lUoh el laboi di lit bill llus tic pose cl 11\\ would tn 1 le the j \ ei i i t lo led uul i" cn li men 1 ct\ c IS nd 6i 11 el women ieiw en It md 50 3 1 L 1 11 1 i s 1C tioi s < I CO nj ul n \ 1 1 Ol i 1 e use [(ill tl e fr ce miiitionnl loilci al 3 I el s o 1 L) t questioi is t) \ 1 etl ) Ihc u 1 leel fo ccs ai 1 e p mclc 1 fj then pio) > cd iilu tien th y 1 he 11 e n loii Iv 1 iw
in 0 set till le i othii g bit style e i sty le s il e
HELD OVER Three More Days
It , Hot—It Happy—It s the AAu,ical of he Miaute “SEVEN y/US LE/IVE” v/nh VICTOR MATURE lucille ball and Big Radio Cast ADDED ARMY CHAfLAIN A Thrilling Short Also BASKETEERS
1 if •ft' ' "'i'"' 'Vf!,'/ ' :'^"<. - ' ■’ '''“■ f-. ■\i,'i''-''■" '' Thurs^y, Fehyumry ii, 194B^
Boilermaker Sports ^ •Kt
Page0 -L-jSt.
Fdfc# Fo#igrjFij1
At
' By Ruth Ford
Co^ch W^ird Ld^mbert too^ his Boilermakers through a strenuous scrimmage with Coach Fehring’s brawny rhinie quintet l^st night jn preparation for the tilt this Saturday with the powerful Bluejacket squad coached by Lt. “Tony‘” Hinkle. Earlier this season the Riveters met the sailors on the Fieldl^ouse floor and the sailors went home with a 48 to 43 victory in their score book. , This scrimmage consisted f^gyetet SwimminQ mostly of fast breaks and a lit- ^ i , . ^ tie polishing of under-the-bas- ScjUsd T6 OppOSG
^et shots. Coach Lambert is
endeavoring to iron out, some Indiana SatUtdaV
of the mista*kes that were displayed ]^y the j Riveters in their ^ilt with
Noi’thwestern last week-end.
Saturday afternoon, February 13, the Boilerniakers’s tank squad will
, Great Lakes met Northwestern L’avel .to Bloomingtop to meet last Monday evening in Chicago and ^o^-^h Hal Hickman’s mig’hty swimthe Sailors routed the Wildcats in team. convincing'style. According to these In four starts sc far this season results, Coaeh Lambert’s squad the crimson squad' has been vic?hould have a tough battle with the . torious over Cincinnati and twice Bluejackets. The Black and Gold over Ball State and has dropped one qbintet may pull a few surprises, contest to DePauw. however,, because they are seeking Coach Dick Papengutb’s squad t’evenge over the doiruneering Sail- has been defeated by Ohio State oi's. ^ and has won over Chicago. Ex-Riveter Aces Vogel Indiana’s Threat “Rod” Caress and “Frosty” Sophomore Vogel is the mainstay Sprowl, former stars from last of the Indiana squad. So far this year’s strong vai’sity combination, season he has turned in a performwill see action for the Navy boys, ance of 53.4 seconds for the 100 in addition to these, Lt. Hinkle has yei’d free style and 24.3 seconds for
such stars as Anderson, Stanford; Davies, Seton Hall; Dietz, Butler;
the 50 yard free style.
Franlflin is expected to accum-
As a probable starting lineup, Mentor Lambert will use Biggs and
material. The Sailors
have shown very
potent scoiing power this season, have played four tilts, so the indiIn their individual scoring column, vidual scoring race has undergone Eddie Riska leads the pack with many changes.
—INEXPENSIVE— AND POPULAR SPORT Why not take your
iti well equipped alleys built for \ your convenience. A SPLENDID PLACE TO MEET YOUR FRIENDS . . .
TJimwiicd. lAnimv The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
?!he Sports Wave
By Josephine Dawson
Klein, Northwestern; Riska, Notre ulate points for the Crimson squad Dame; Schupiachei', Butler; and by his showing in the breaststroke. Sobek, Notre Dgme. With an array 'Dave McCooe can be counted upon of talent like this, the Bluejackets for a good showing in both the have been soaring to great heights breaststroke, and backstroke events,
this season. Xheu' record shows 24 Heidke Prospects
wins and three, losses. Roy Heidke has shown possibil“Piggie’s”.,players will be in top ities for bettering the varsity recphysical condition for the filt with ord of 2:32.8 minutes in the 150 the hosts. Ma:^ Biggs and Ed yard breaststroke. As a freshman, Ehlcrs, sophomore sensations, have Heidke sw^am this event in 2:29.1 recovered completely from colds minutes. The present varsity record they suffered earlier this season is held by captain Joe Williamson. and this will give added strength . ■■■ ^0 the unpredictable Boilermakers. 167 points for a 7.7 average per
^ Coeds In Fieldhouse ' Youi^daring coed sports editor assumed a most unique responsibility— for both'coed and PEM 12 classes which seemed to be Continually charging around corners at the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Suddenly confronted with one startled little man attired in baggy blue trunks, I could but halt with gaping mouth while he muttered, “Well, a girl!” Retreating with innocent intentions of entering the pool room to interview Coach Papeng'uth, I found my way barred by a long, hairy arm whose owner informed me in no uncertain terms, “Girls ain’t allowed here”. ^ Coach Papenguth Commenirs When the same “friend” had finally brought the smiling, handsome Coach Papenguth to me. Coach gave me the following data: The Univeisity will be represented at Indiana Saturday with a wellbalanced twelve-man team starring Captain Joe Williamson, Roy Heidke and Bill Snead. Commenting on his swimmers,, he disclosed the fact that he expects Roy Heidke to break the varsity record in the breast stroke at the meet. Heidke is one of the University’s all-time star swimmers and has brought much credit to the University the two years he has been here. The toughest competition at the meet is predicted to be in the freestyle and breast stroke events. Williamson will swim in the breast stroke event and Snead will compete in the free-style race. ^ Good Prospect'S Traveling in Coach’s station wagon, the team leaves here at 8 o’clock in the morning for the meet at 2:30 Saturday afternoon. Those competing will be Snead, Heidke, Williamson, Dunn, Koch, Erickson, Van Deusen, Nihan, Juengst, Grubb, Mills, Smith and Hirsh. We sure hope they win that meet that Heidke considers “a snap if they swim according to form.” ► Freshman Tourney Also this week end will be the freshman tourney—^which is to be held in the Fieldhouse. Six members of our freshman squad were coached by former Boilermakers stars: Ed Stutcvillc and Jim Stucker of Attica, by Austin “Red” Lambert; Leroy Brutus, Pine Village, by Ralph Parmenter; Bob Agnew, Jefferson, Lafayette, by Abe Masters; Bill Lodge, Madison, by Ray Eddy, and Red Redenbarger, Brazil, by Harold “Babe” Wheeler. ^ Height Not Lacking There will be no lack of height as far as starting centers are concerned in the Big Ten freshman tournament. Illinois has six foot, seven inch Fred Green, of Urbana. Our team has six foot, four inch Jim Ertel, of Tipton; Indiana has six foot, four inch Bud Brown, of Muncie, and Northwestern has six foot, seven inch Dave Thompson, of Toledo, Ohio. The tournament should give some indication of the comparative strengths of the Big Ten teams in coming years, and with the war situation as it is, the winners may gain more lasting prcsti.gc than we might
game. Bob Davies is second with 165 points for a 7.6 average. In
Intramural Schedules
Friend at forward, Menko at cen- third place is Dick Klein, who has ter, and Ehlers and La-wson at 140. points making a 6. average, guards. Ralph Brow'er, sophomore “Frosty” Sprowl, former Boilerstar, who has seen quite a bit of maker net scorcher, is in fourth action this year at a forw'ard post, place with a 5.9 average per game will probably be used as reserve W'ith 137 points as total. These
totals aic for their first 23 games. Since then the busy Bluejackets
7:00 7:15 8:10
7:00
7:00 7:15
BASKETBALL Friday, February 12 Court 2-—J. Rudasics Short Course 1 vs. Course 4. Short Course 2 vs. Course 3. Court 3—S. Rudasics Unit 2 vs. Unit 4. Unit 3 vs. Unit 7. Unit 5 vs. Unit 6.
BASKETBALL Thursday, Feb. 11 Court 1—Johnson Wesley Boys vs. Westminster. Chaunccy vs. Dover. Circle Pines vs. Luma. Court 2—Pilarski Kneale House vs. Rochdale. Marwood vs. Salisbury.
RIFLE Thursday, Feb. 11 3:00—Sigma Alpna Mu, Sigma Short Chi, Sigma Nu. 5:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Short Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi.
The Phi Kappa Psi’s defeated the Phi Delta Theta I‘'raternity in the finals of Fiaternily “B” Basketball, by a score of 20 to 18. The following boys com)n'ised the Phi Psi team: Elliot, Bishop, King, Giayson, Bahncr. King was high scoie man with nine points marked up for him. Those playing on the Phi Delts team w'ere: Watkins, Dreyer, Roberts, Berry, Spray. Wilson and Dreyer W'ore tied for high point place, each having thiee baskets to their credit.
RIFLE Friday, February 12 4:00—Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, Theta Tau. 5:00—Theta Xi, Triangle. Those teams who could not report as scheduled to shoot their matches may report at 7:00 on Friday evening as the range will be open from 7:00 to 9:00 for those teams. Be suie that youi men have reported at one of these times and have fired theiPiounds. Failure to do so ivill automaticaPy eliminate you from the touinamcnt. Fraternity Volleyball practice will start Tuesday, Februaiy 16, at 7:00 and another practice being scheduled for Thursday evening, Feb. 18, at 7:00. The regular matches will .start Tuesday, Febluaiy 23. Please have your entry blanks in the Intramural Office by Wednesday evening, February 17. Teams entered will be divided into tw'o groups, one gioup meeting on Tuesdays and the other group on Thursdays at 7:00. The eight best teams from the fiist
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RI.'K — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phono 5701
Everything for a College Education DEAL’S
^'Susan! Stop bothering Joe and let him enjoy his Sir Walter Raleigh”
Blended Iioin choice Kentucky buile)s, Sir Walter Raleigh is e\tia mild—buiiis cool—with a dclighthil uioniaall its own. SIR WALTER RALEIGH PIPE TOBACCO Smokes as sweet as it smells
union made
Beers' Boxers Drill For Valpo Bout Tomorrow The Boilermaker boxing team will make its first appeal ance of the year tomoirow night from 8:00 to 10:00 in a meet at Valparaiso. Weight Handicap Coach Beeys has his team m good condition. They have been havinggood workouts. The whole team seems to have good spirit and is in good condition to really get out there and fight to win. Weight is the only thing that seems to be offering any difficulty. This, however, is not going to hold the team back. They are really going out to put up a good fight. The team will leave here tomorrow morning at 10:00. After theii arrival at 2:15 they will weigh in. A dinner will be given at 3:00. After that they will rest until time for the matches at 8:00. Eight Fights The match will consist of eight fights. The exact team to go has not definitely been decided. The probable fighters, however, will be J. M. McClure for the 135 divisiob. Les Davies will fight in the 146 division. Ted Owens of the Naval Training station here at the University will be the Boilermaker’s representative for the 155 class. Don Millen will fight in the 165 class. The 175 class will be represented by Virgil Nicholas. Jim McMillen, brother of Don McMillen, will take care of the heavyweight class. J. F. Kreisle will be one of the two substitutes to be sent. The other one has not been chosen as yet. Surprises A surprise member of the University team will be red-headed Mills Fernelius who is expected to weigh in at about 62 pounds. Mills has been taking boxing- lessons and really proving- to be a very tough fighter. Valparaiso Possibilities The problable Valparaiso team lineup has been released by their coach, Ernest G. Schwiebert. Elroy Bruss will be the captain of their teanv He is a junior in the 127 weight class. Many of the other positions are held by membeis of the freshman class. Althought the Valparaiso team is known for its strong boxinji,- teams, it is believed thatThe Boilermakers will put up a good showing- . round will go into a double elimination tournament which will start Tuesday, March 16. 'VVatch the Exponent for jour scheduled pra'ctice games. Volleyball Rules 1. Six men to a team. 2. Must rotate on serve. 3. Ball must go over on third volley. 4. No assist on serve. 5. Net ball, after sei-ie, is good. 6. Touching net or reaching over nct loses point. 7. Ball striking basketball goals played over. » 8., All games 15 points—must be two up. 9. Each team plays three games —eight best go to finals. 10. Player must not volley twice consecutively. 11. Ball landing on the line is good. The Inter - Frateimty Squash finals will be played Friday eveningon Court 1 at 7:00. The two teams battling it out for the championship place will be the winner of the Phi Kappa v.s. Sigma Alpha Epsilon match and the winner of the Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha match which is being played Thuisday evening.
FreshfUdn Net Tournef Tops Weekend PrPi|rdiP The ort-proposed, but never realized, matebrngr of a Hoosier high school all-state quintet against an Illinois all-state aggregation will be at least partially provided in connection with the quadrangular Big Ten freshman basketball tournament to be
staged at the University on Saturday.
An analysis of the rosters of the four competing squads—
Indiana, Illinois, Northwestern —
and Purdue—reveals a host of Shirtntirc former all-stat'e performers ^ IxUftnGfS from the two neighboring yuuj i ViWnrv hardwood rivals. In addition JCCfiv Y to'the prep stars from Indiana I f ,Vp.W;iv and Illinois, outstanding perform- TT dj ers fi-pm a number of other states, Coach Phillips is preparing his notably Wisconsin and Michigan, track squad for thp Five-Way Meet will be added for good measure. Chicago on Saturday night. The The opening afternoon game at teams participating will be Wiscon1:30 o’clock, matching Illinois sin, Illinois, Minnesota, Nprthwest-ag-ainst the Riveters, will be fought ern, and Purdue. Wisconsin, is faout almost entirely on state lines, vored to come in first with MhmeAll but one member of the Illini sota as a Dark Horse, but don’t squad comes from within its own count the Boilermakers out. Apstate borders, and the Boilermakers proximately sixteen men will make have but a single man on the play- this trip. The varsity men ha-ving ing roster from outside Hoosier- the best times in their particular dom. events will be entered in the meet.
Feature Eddleman Half-Mile Run
The Illini crew will be headed by one-half mUe run of the
Dw'ight Eddleman, the nation’s No. 1 prep athlete of a year ago. Eddleman, who is regarded as one of the "greatest basketball players m Illinois prep history, ammassed 2,389 points in four years of high school competition, including 969 in 45 games during- his senior year. He led Centralia to the state title as
varsity team Kinder came in first with Price and Young close on his heels. The one mile run was won by Lynch with Michael and Marrer out in the stretch for second place with Michael coming in second place. Seward was the victor in the two mile run; in second place was Ashwill, closely followed by Mansfeld.
a senior last year and became the honors in the quarter-
mile run, defeating Bancker and
second player in state history to be accorded all-state honors for three
consecutive years.
According- to advices from Champaign, the Illini flash will team up with a rangy combination that has 6 foot, 7 inch Fred Green, of Urbana, at center; Joe Van Hoorweghe, of Moline, paired, at forward, and Tom Gallagher, of Maywood, and Chester Strumillo, of
Cicero, at guards. Hoosier Combination
Farnsworth in a very close race. Gutting, the sophomore flash, defeated Barnes in the hurdles. ^ Telegraphy Meet The Riveter freshmen had a telegraphy meet with the Wisconsin freshmen, the results of which will not be known until Saturday. A new lecord was set last week in the high jump wffien Blum, a freshman, cleared the bar at six feet, two and one-quarter inches. Following are the results of the
The Boilermakers will provide an freshman and varsity time trials; almost strictly Hoosier delegation. Half Mile Run—Won by Kinder; although Bill Berbeiian, of Harvey, second. Price; third, Young. Time, 111., may break into the lineup for 2:02.7. the Boilermakers at forward. Mile Run—Won by Lynch; sec-Among-.the Boilermaker potential ond, Michael; third, Harrer. Time, starters, all Hoosiers, are Bill 4:42. Lodge, all-state forward selection Two Mile Run—Won by Seward: fiom Madison; Leroy Brutus, rug- second, Ashwill; third, Mansfeld. gecl forward from Pine Village; Jim Time, 10:08. Ertel, Tipton 6 foot, 4 inch, 215 One-Quarter Mile Run—Won by pound center; Charles Haag, guard Archer; second, Bancker; third,
from Bosse, Evansville, and John Hinga, guard from North Side, Fort
Wayne.
Hoosiers likewise hold the spotlight on the Indiana quintet that w'lll stack up against Northw-estern in the second game at 3 o’clock in
Farnsworth., Time, ;52.8. High Hurdles—Gutting; second, Barnes. Time, 5:6. Forty Yard Dash—Won by Harvey; second, Bojinoff; third, Barnaid. Time, :04.6. One-half Mile Run — Won by
the afternoon. Possible Indiana Capehart; second, Swager; third,
Kumpper. Time, 2:16. Two Mile Run—Won by Williams. Time, 10:47.9. High Hurdles—^Won by Bojinoff; second'i Barnard; third. Smith.
Time, 5.5.
The All-Campus Ping Pong tournament must be completed Friday evening-. The following men are left to play off these elimination matches. Please report at the Fieldhouse and play your matches; D. S.
Coach Ted Payseur has been left Warner, J. C. Beckett, L. L. Holtzin somewhat of a dilemna in at- man, W. C. Hsiao, R. E. Anderson, tempting- to pick a starting- lineup, but among- his most promising Wildcat forward is Lai-ry Savage, prospects are Dave Thompson, of Saginaw, Mich,
towering 6 foot, 7 inch center from Toledo, Ohio, who averaged 20 points per game dining- his col-
starters, all Hoosiers, according to advice from Bloomington, include Bud Brown, last year’s Gimbel medalist from Muncie; George Babcock, elongated center from Logansport; Rex Grossman, Huntington; Herb Hoffman, of Mishawaka, and Don Ritter, the Aurora sharp-
shootei.
Wildcats Tough Northwestern draws its strength largely from four states. With one of the strongest squads in years,
legiale career, and a paii of Badger hot shots, Spencer Van Ess, oi Sheboygan, and John Ward, of Green Bay. Another piomising
Following the opening afternoon games, the tonniament will continue with consolation and championship tilts in the evening. The two losers will meet at 7 o’clock, with the two afternoon winners
o’clock.
\Jafentine6 ^Lt)au ^mam 14tL
Wi; Have a Complete and Larife Assortment of VALEMTIIVE CARDS —>— Order Valentine Candy Vow!! WE WRAP FDR MAlLtVG-fRCE UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE AROUND THE CORNER FROM THE UNIONI
''iU >! .
Purdue Exponent
f „) » 1, ft)«, ■"!, ^ ^1’ Thursday, February'11, i4kd
Personnel Notes
ftlGtlT OFF THE DISC Here's what >oii'vc all been \\aitin{!; foi—the latcst^nmnhei h^ Glenn Millei and his oichcstia One siSe sports “That Old Black Magic", vocals bv Skip Nelson and the Modeinaiics, and on the olhci side, “A Pink Cocktail foi a Bine LadA", the votal lefrain- this time h> Skip jNclson alone. And hv the way, you’re collection of records Avon’t be complete without a few ntiittbeis by the “Ink Spots’’, namclv, “Don’t Get Aiouiid Much Anymore’*., and “Street of Dreams”. Wc don t ivant to lush voii, but we suggest that a on dash doAMi to the FOSTER S//OP and get>a few of these smooth lecoids bcfoic aoiii next dooi iiiigliboi gets, tfe last one.
Companies Scheauled to Visit Campus Calco Chemical Division, Ameiicati Sjanamid Co, Biound Brook, N J—Febiuaiy 16 Inteiested m Apiil and August ChE, Science (chemists) Consolidated Aircraft Corp , San Diego, California—Febiuaiy 18 and 19 Inteiested in Apiil, August giaduate students m CE, ME, AE, EE
Hopkins Addresses Ag Economicis Cl^iss
All M T 7 Students' Report to University Cashier and draw uniform comutation money —BROWN
Yesteiday Di John A Hopkins of Towa State College lectuied to membeis of the Agiicultuie Economics 101 class on conditions in Aigentina He was at the Univeisity in oidei to confci with the faculty of the Agiicultme Economics Depaitment
Navy V-1, V-1 and V-7 Members of NavJ Enlisted Rtserife who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy Reserve should leave name place and date of induction home address and claasi fication in my olfiet A request for these caids will be made to the Office of Naval Oflitei- Procuiemcnt ■—KNAPP
POMM Formal Initiation Will be held Thursday evening, Feb 11, at 6 16 p m in room 26S of Union Banquet will follow Attendance required -PHIIiLIP
Camera Club: Meeting Thprsdny, Feb 11,1 7 30 p m room 212, Union Print critieiam night Everyone bring a print, 6 in by 7 lfi| or larger —STOCKMAN
Chinese Students* Monthly meeting Friday night at 7 p m in room 302 of the Union —TSUI
Skull and Crescent Actives: Important meeting Peb 11 at 7 16 in room** 802 of the Union Actives who do not have paddles yet can get them then ■ —CHESTNUT
Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting at WRH Wooei at 7 p m Mrs Fitch will speak Impel tant business meeting in Radio Room afteiwafd —RIGGS
Roger William Foundation* A pahty is scheduled for Friday Meet at the parsonage at 7 30 to go to the hofne of Mrs Joseph Ross —ROGERS
Engineer Staff Meeting in office at 4 16 p m on Friday Feb 12 > KIMBRKLL
Ping Pong* The second round must bo played by Feb 12 Gulistrom vs Baynes, Burglar vs Williamson, Hall vs Miller Koll vs King ■—WATDRBURY
Reamers Please turn in tickets jind money to John Goode or to mo today, Feb 11. Meet at Lions at 7 60 —BRAY
GOtlD NEWS FOR SPRING
While scouting the shops this Atcck avc chopped in at ALiiSS and found ouiscIacs suiioiindcd Avilh loads of IoacIa things! \^e saAv soft pastel suits and topeoats—the bcloAed backbone of a Avaidiolie, iiiainstaA of aoui life on campus, m toAMi, and at Aoui A\ai tasks \ gav plaid skii t and nioie skii Is. hecaii'C then AcisatilitA knoAVs no end, and as a Avaiclen of aoui oavii Ataidiobe aou can use them in inaiiA iieAA A\aAs—^Avith Iilousc oi shut, sAceatci oi jckets Speaking ol sAveatci*, AL4NS haAC stacks of iheiii that amU stand b\ aou—all a\oo1 loi Avaiintli. gencioiislA piopoitioned and aecuiatcl\ •-tAlcd in actiAitA eolois, also puces that aaiII lit aoui budget c must not foi get the Butclicibov Linen lumpcis AAith daisies uinning ’loiind the pockets Just light foi the A\aim spiiiig clavs ahead
These companies do not plan to visit the campus, howevei, they aie inteiested in students foi employment Murphj Chair Company, Owensboio, Kentucky—Inteiested in students A\ho have expeiience oi education in time studies and setting lates Continental Can Co , Inc, Chicago, 111—Inteiested in analytical chemists and chemical engineeis Sigh in Peisonnel Office by Tuc*sday, Febiuaiy 16 Allen B DuMont Laboratories, Inc, Passaic, blew Jeisey—Iiiteiested in EE, Physicists, ME, ChE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wed nesday, Febiuaiy 17 Mead Johnson & Companj, Zeeland, Michigan—Inteiested in bac tciiologists bastmaii Kodak CompaiiA, Ro chcstci. New Yoik—Inteiested in Apiil and August EE, ME, PSE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satinday, Febiuaiy 20
Di Hopkins IS a piominent agiicultuial economist and authoi and IS a membei of a thiee-man commission that has just completed a ninemonth industiial suivey of Aigentina
Westminster Girls Club* The meeting date has been changed to February 16 The gioup will meet at the Foundation 320 North St for supper Miss Edith Gamble of the Institution Management Department, will speak on Vitamins Vitality and Victory —THOMA
Junior Cadet Offifcers All interested in Cadet Publicity Officer work leave name at room B-7 Armory —^ROBlNSON
Gimlet Actives and Pledges* Short meeting at Delta Tau Delta house at 7 p m ^ Thursday I eb 11 No boxes for plages —MENKE
John Charles Webb
Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting Thursday Tt 7 p m in Wood Hall living room Mrs hitch will speak Important business meet mg afterwards —RIGGS
a foimei membei of the 1941 class in mechanical engineeiing at the Univeisity, died January 31 as a result of an accident at Maish Field, Calif
Wesley Foundation The Wesley Foundation will sponsor a Valentine party on the night of February 12 The party will stait at 8 p m There will be a cover charge of 16 cents —LUDBERG
POMM Foimal initiation will be held in the Union Thursday evening hob 11 at B 15 p m Banquet will follow Ask at Union desk for loom or see Exponent Thursday morning Attendance required —PHILLIPP
Notices
P Men’s Club Meeting Thursday Feb 11 iO p m in room 10" Ficldhousc All maior ind ininoi ktUrmen are urged to attend —WARREN
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue
Students Who would like part time woik Kh< uld fcct in touch with the Dean of Mens Offiee - GOLDSMITH
Wnr Council Meeting Thursday Feb 11 it " "0 in Student Union office All council members an. a^vkid to make a special clTort to be present Very important business —AUGSBURGER
Inlerfratcrnitj Presidents Council Mim bers m ly get then council keys at the Fri tenuly AfTairs Office —MORGAN
Student Teachers Interested Dr C H Rolx rtson is giving a hcries of lecture'^ on Peisonal Philosophy on Thursday e\eningfa between ““ and 8pm in room '107 of the Union —GRAVES
Shufflchoard Tournament Second match must be Tla^ed bv h rida> leh 12 W iter hur\ V King Williamson vs Gtimppei layler vs Pit Hennis - WATERBURY
MESSY ROOM.'’.^^
Do AOU haAC d niC'**'A looin'' Aic aoui lio*-!, gloACs and hankie** ‘-liiwii all oaci llic licdiooiu^ If these question** aic diiecled at aou, SOU I HffokTirs doAvnstaii** gill shop has the solution to AOUI jiiolileni'- ^ ou 11 find a hcauliful seletlioii of qiiilted satin lioxis (“Dieaiii Housi ’ atics sotiFS) AMth pal tit ions loi \oui gloAis, hOsi, hankies oi AihateAii aou liaAe T heA tome in foiii dcjibate shade- gicen. pi ac li. i aspbtiia andio-( \hd 1)A the Ava\ if aou kiiOA\ any WAAfTs, WYVE s oi SP VR s. aou touldn t find a Jh ttci gilt to give them than oiu ol the aloienicntioiu d “Dreaiii Hou=e accessoiies. a seAMiig kit, oi a poAvdei lint made ol tuiA cloth
“ROSES ARE RED, VIOLETS ARE BLUE’’
Be li ankh sr ntiiiu iilal
V. C. Meredith Club To Show Color Movie
Two movies “40 Billion Enemies” and “V-^Men” will be shown at an open meeting of the Viigmia C Meiedith Chib Monciav at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building Tfie coloi film, “40 Billion Enemies”, explains the kinds ol “cold” lequiied bA the vaiious types of peiishable foods, clemonstiates the collect placing ot food in a iefii„ eratoi, and gives pointeis on the taie of'a lefiigeiatoi The high point of the film “VMen” IS a dcmonstiation of the wav in Avhich the modem piotcetive methods 1 educe the vitamin do stiojing faotois in eookin..
YWCA To Sponsor Day Nursery School
Placement Notes For Women
Cgllegc scniois mav eoniiielc toi two nati-onal scholaishijis loi stiidv at Katheiiiie Gibbs School loi Secietdiies in Boston and \cw Yoik These scholai ships consist oi lull tuition loi the sjiccial couise iflu.s a cash aw aid of iiiOO to each winnei Applications must he filled out^ pot latci than Api il 1 I oi luitfiei ml01 Illation call the Place ment,§ei\ICC loi Yomcn
I IN A COMPACT f
Classified Ads
Money fo loan on (liamoi d-, isatolu*. i,unb iug;^qgt t>i) writ rb Albeit b loan Oflice 407 Columbu
Tyiiewritern—Adding Machines all makes told rent d r pan d indiurehabtd Mime nrmph woil Im f I I beisholl feOo Main I ftfayette Bhone I
Wanted—Stud nt uit i et d in j lilini. tin Exponent ( i 1 kxpuiiint ItlOj Ask tor Kro plin
AIanted II d li luint, e t 1 1 ji Wanted—U 1 li wn t s i II
THE NEW •SPONGE ON" MAKE-UP , FROM HOLLYWOOD
■O
IT S QUICKI Only an nilaal to smooth on a smart powder soft 7)^1^ jl "screen star complex on « c. NATURAL & LAStiNG! Imports f y even toned natural look ng lovel nass that ve Is freckles and f ne If’*' hours w thoul re
^ j.y touci ng Helps guard ago ns! sun
end w nd and uni d y ng‘ FlATTERINGl Created ' ^ young
I ipe« ritirs V idli t m i h i , all m Old 1,1 1 d I 1 II 1 in I I 1 I h 1 (d Mim aiiipli vorl (In < i 1 h 1 h H I 0 ) M 1 Liifaj ttc 1 1 I y
that would I
5 X glc
every cost
50*
Monei to I nun Or li m i J w t h cuiib lui. ^ 1 I tt 1 ii ] Mbit J Oill t 10 ( nr I I r
I oat—1 in 1 I 1 ( IJ Vlj I 11 t J lit J t all Kill I )i Hr,I , I Jt ,1 ri i It « ,,,1
Lyal—ill 1/ Fxpunint 1 \ t *11 Jt h iviiiplin It F xpuneiit <ltii
o product of CofcsmoE SDcMuCi. (apr conruciio vnia am loc nil
J oat—(, II I I ii d i. V 8 Ab ml lelil ki \
rr Inial It Id ( ill 01
Wmitid.—B*\b ii work liiiijuith At i h FokIu Dm. n ( I 1. nu
laiat—-JJam , t lub ],in If I nnd j 1,, m Vtolni t il 1 ini It I J
Jtetb.
WAA Members All gals intcrtsUd in i council position foi ntxt yen get i petition tiom the WAA olTice Petitions must be iilleil oil aid tinned in by I ridav Feb 12 —HENNIS
Newman Club A Valentine Ua dance will hi held in St Mary s auditorium Sunday I eb 11 at 2 p ni Refrc‘shments will be seived All Catholic students au invited Lets make this better than the last one —WENDl LL
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Friday Feb 12 at I lo m the bo^^hng alleys —DOIY
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Camera Club Sign for daikroom loekeis nt viesl desl All loci cr'r not signed for by leh 12 will be broken open for new mem bois —flAYWARD
Episcopal Students Hol\ Communion a1 ) a m Sundiy Feb 11 at St John >• Chinch rth ind Fejry Sts Lafayette I'ollowed by bieakfnst in parish house —THORNTON
Tiy an Exponent Classified!
Glider Club Meeting Thursday Feh t - dO in Ji2 SALISBURY
11
(lioo*it a
l)o\ ol Schiaffl- landv tioiii litt UISIJ ERSIl Y BOOK SIORL vs i aji il U]) in lov( and give it to the in-t giii liKiid U- Danul (..upid s own -i a«on - llu lime to go -(iiliniciilal lu im in Ih i tin l)ov- in tin ainud lout - al-o Sf ml llitm a v ak ntnu—llu v vsill a|) ])K(iatc It The lolks liatk liomc (-pc- < lallv motlu 1 would lx pka-td lo kiioss Vou I(im mix I< d Oiilvtliuc davs Iclt Icllow-, so licad loi the LY/J ERSll ) BOOK SI ORE now
\\
PINCH HITTING
rr
to provide
more woolens for the armed forces*
To make your clothes "go farther” have them Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool
goods are needed in the military service.
Obowh Lad^dry
Fl^E DRY CLEANING
Univeisitv YWC4. is helpin., to sponsoi a nuiseiy school ])io]ect at Washington High School The nui seiv school IS oiien eveiv week dav' liom ei..hl to six and paients who aie w 01 king in wai indiistiies ai e welcome to leave then childien at the school Ihe childicns activities will be undei caieful supeivision Any student inteiested in this tvpe of woik could gam valuable expel lence by spendin,, a lew houis obseiving and assisting the supei visois in caiing loi the childicn Contact Jane Place, 841 1 oi Kath ei me Leuty 41291
Southworth’s
9^ IjOUL ahSL
"Aiaktinj^ jb wo\L pfy, lAtudiL $am.
ff
Now is the time
Here is the place
to unload those
USED BOOKS
which you no longer need YOU’LL get MORE in CASH or TRADE
at
mm PfDkfrii
BCCK^smv stoke 308-10 iTATE iTREEf WE5T LAFAYETTE INU
Southworth’s
l\ememL
XJaientide
With a Gift from Thieme'sl /
Belle-Sharmeer Rayons
... the Valentine gift
that fits her legs ... wins her heart
We’ll gladly chart* her legs for you ;: : make sure her
lovely Belle-Sharmeer Stockings fit the curves of her legs as well as their length AH Belle-Sharmeer Rayons give her the extra wear, the extra flattery of accurate leg size . fit Even more welcome if you give her two pairs—one to wear while the other dries thoroughly. In Brev for small legs, Modite for middlings, Dutthess for tall, full legs Here exclusively, *0n Oar Special BeUt-Sharmeer Leg Size (JtarH
$1JD and $1.15 pr.
She’d Love a New
Spring Handbag $3.98 to $7.50
Ilandsomclv sljlcd bags ol ginuinc calfskin in a wide vaiictv ol shapes and sizes black In own and navy New chciiv patents in pouch and un del aim stvlcs All aie exquisite Ij made and beautilullv detailed
Linen Handkerchiefs 50c 59c 65c
Fine white limns that have the desiied hand made look The hankies at 65e aie goigoous
pi lilts
Dainlv Cotton Hankies
25c
Snowy Frostmgs For Dark Dresses! Lacy Neckwear 59c $1.00
(live hci ncekvieai to enhance hei daik diesses' Seoies ot en chanting styles all eii-p enough foi business flat teiingly tcminine ioi luilough dates
IVhite Ol Sliiped Dickies
$1.00
Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
< ^ : I
ltd