" ‘i'j '4*-'’ f'’'L' i'H *' ' ' t ' /'/ 'ti i'*'' I ' ?i ,. “• i-t"' '‘’'i r i""! I '-41* w'''- ' . i''i ' 1 '■ i" "■' 4 'l I. -r 1 . ‘* - , ‘
,f "f" ->0,
y
EDITORIAL Looks At Cause For World Suffering
Established 1889
XfU^ieni * On To Tokio!!
MERRY430-R0UND : Sees Ingenious Scheme t To Get Prohibition
Vdlume 56, No. 64
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 7 ,1943
Riveters Oppose Camp Grant In Dad’s Day Tilt
Fathers To Attend Game/ Smoker
Swine Specialist Talks At Annual Veterinary School
Prof. Mundel Defines Tool Engineers' Job
Burghardt, Andretich Come Home To Oppose Former Team Mates
Fathers will be officially welcome^ to the campus at the half .-Diseases of Pigs before Weanof the Boilermaker-Camp Grant game Saturday by Paul Roys,- ing” is the subject chosen by Dr. J.
ter and John Woolling, head of Student Union. Prof. “Spotts” Emrick has made arrangements for special band formations
appropriate for the occasion. No special section will be re- known swme disease day evening that widespread apli- , . ., cij. J- ‘ J! J.1 J 1 J TT • ‘11 specialist, of storm Lake, Iowa, for cation of time and motion study
the opening talk of the 31st annual techniques at the present time
Speaking before the Peoria, 111., chapter of Tool Engineers, Prof.
S. Koen, assistant veterinarian with Marvin Mundel of the general engithe U. S. Bureau Of Animal Indus- neering department declared Tues-
served in the Stadium for the dads and the Union will serve
no free Dad’s Day dinners. After the game the Student Union is holding a smoker in the West Faculty Lounge at 7:15 p. m. Sororities and fraternities will be asked to have early dinners so that dads can get to
27 Officers Receive Positions In Band For Semi-Term
PURDUE
PROBABLE LINEUPS POSITION CAMP GRANT
Buscemi LE Kasap LT Barwegen LG DeFilippo C Agase RG
.... Huber Bentz .. Zimny Goldsmith .. Orlando
Red Cross Coed Hours To Begin Tonight At 4
short course for veternarians this could make available labor equival-
morning. ^ ent to 10 million additional workers Appointments, promotions, and Dr. C. E.\Donham, head veteri- in industry and 2 million on farms, assignment nf 27 cadet commisnarian for the University, has an- Prof. Mundel defined the job con- sioned and non-commissioned offinounced that the program will con- fronting tool engineers as the de- eers of the University Military tinue for two days. The meetings sign of tools and methods so that Band for the semi-term were anwill be held all day today in the our present working force can ^o^nced bv Prof Paul
Union Building, and tomorrow the greatly increase production with- .
rick, director of bands.
‘Spotts” Em-
Arrangements have been com’
the smoker, according to Dick the new “coed-hours ’ to special clinical and laboratory dem- out additional effort.
Haase, entertainment chaimman. today from 4 to 5 p. m. in the onstrations will be held in the Vet- “This might make the difference As Captain and executive oflficei’. Professor Charles Murphy of the basement tlm Union, as an- erinary Building from 9 a. m. until between a rapid victory and a long K. J. Reed will stand as ranking ofhistory, economics and government oy YWCA. The local Red 5 p_ demonstrations will in- drawn out conflict,” he added. “Af- organization. Other cadepartment, will be master of cere- Cross surgical jessing unit, under dude subjects of “Sheep and ter ^e war, tool engineers must see det commissioned officers and their monies and A1 Stewart, director of direction of Dr. Louise J. Meikle, Swine”, “Poultry”, and “Large Ani- thaf we don’t lose ourselves in the assigned duties are First Lieut. J. musical organizations, will lead the “as agreed to keep the rooms for mals.” Drs. Donham, L. P. Doyle, J. stri^gle for reconstruction. It will U. Anderson, detail officer and miligroup singing. Free smokes will be folding dressings open an hour later Bullard and other specialists of be their job to facilitate the efficient officer; Lieut. J. A. Shaw,
passed out and special awards will be made, including a door prize. Both ballrooms will be used for the traditional Dad’s Day Mixer at
8:30 Saturday night.
Senate Offers Tutor Service For Students As the semester draws to a close, the time has arrived when, with a slide rule in one hand and a cup of black coffee in the other, students abe found cramming busily to pass tests. Some students who have fallen behind in their work take themselves in hand and set about by
themselves to do
e usual Closing rime, xnis tbe University will take part in the production of consumer goods.” sistant to the director and Bvt, or the benefit of the girls programs. Following his talk. Prof. Mundel f Li®«tenant; Second Lieut. R.
Axby And Carey I'o Talk showed the motion picture, “More personnel officer;, and
Speaking this morning is Dr. J. L. Production Through Motion Study”. S®®®"®* U. F. Carter, Axby, state veterinarian of Indi- This film is one of the many pro- ®®PP^y officer, anapolis, who will talk on the sub- duced in the University time and Officers Appointed
than the usual closing time. This
plan is
who have afternoon classes and ac-
tivities.
YWCA is issuing an urgent callout to all coeds for cooperation in making this worthwhile project
success. All women
ested are asked to contact the YWCA office and leave their names. Instructions will be given to beginners by Red Cross supervisors; head-dresses can be obtained at the
work room.
Genis RT Coomer Bauman RE r Goldman Vacant! QB Tisko Dubicki LH Dewar Dimancheif ?. RH Reed Butkovich FB Clatt OFFICIALS—Referee, Mike Layden, Notre Dame; umpire, Ernie Vick, Michigan; field judge, Lt. Roy Johnson, Illinois; head linesman. Dr. E. F. Cigrand, Northwestern. BROADCASTS—WBAA, Purdue; WASK, Lafayette; WDAN, Danville, 111. TIME OF GAME—2:30 P. M., Central War Time. TICKETS AVAILABLE Plenty of both reserved seats and general admission tickets for the game will be available at the Stadium at game time. Both service men in uniform and high school students will be admitted at special reduced rates.
4-H Boys To Receive Achievement Awards
„t,,nents intpr “Calfhood Vaccination as Pro- motion study labqfatories.
inter Regulation 26”, and ^
Dr. J. C. Carey, practitioner of West Liberty, Iowa, will speak on “Dis-
eases of Beef Cattle.”
Other speakers to appear on the program today are Dr. R. E. Rebrassier of Ohio State University, who will discuss “Control of Internal Parasites in Sheep”; Dr. C. S.
Union Sponsors Second Dance
Non-commissioned officers in the band include Master Sgt. J. J. Bonner, band librarian; Master Sgt. W. R. Pavelchek, assistant detail offi-
Sgt. J. L. Shelton, band quartermaster; Staff Sgt. A. R. Balitz, con-
North ballroom of the Union will certmeister; Staff SgL R. F. Harrer,
. ... ^ ® informal assistant^o the executive officer; Bryan of Michigan State College, tea aance sponsored by the Student M. D. Reed, assistant who will use as his subject “Mas- Union from 4 to 5:30 this after- ^and librarian; Staff Sgt. P. W. titis ; and Dr. E. R. Frank of Kan- noon. No admission will be charged ^^ear, supply detail; Staff Sgt. R.
Seeking its fourth straight victory of the season, the harddriving Boilermaker football squad will tackle the power-laden Camp Grant eleven here Saturday afternoon at 2:30 before a Dad’s Day crowd that is expected to approach 15,000. The
cer; First Sgt. D. M. Hodgin, in clash with the husky Warriors will provide the final non-con-charge of duty details; Technical ference engagement of the season for the surprising Boiler-
makers who will continue their bid for Big Nine honors against Ohio State’s defending champions in the Cleveland Stadium the following Satur-
sas State College, whose talk is on for this affair. Last week the first
Professor J. C
state 4-H Club staff at the Univer-
. Speakers For Evening Program
some serious sity announced today that a trip to „ ^ n
, . ^ o ociiuuo J r evening program Dr. C
studying. Others cast about until the 1943 National 4-H Club Con-
Ralston of the the topic of “Surgery of the Horse” in this series of dances was held (jg^^il- Sgt G
with motion pictures. and proved very successful, accord-
ing to Union officials.
0. Shideler, in charge of equipment
M. Hoffman, publi-
city; Sgt. L. D. Jones, equipment detail; Sgt. K. R. Handy, percussion
This afternoon music will be fur- detail.
W. Bower, president of the Ameri- nished by the orchestras of Harry T.nmprl pva V F Uvpw
they find a satisfactory tutor who gi-ggs to be held in Chicago Novem- canVeterinary Medical Association, Reed and Maury Mahn. These ^ ‘ '
will help them in catching up.
Glee Club Will Sinq At Pep Rally Friday In Front Of Union Tomorrow night at 7:30 the season’s second home game pep session will take place entirely at the
day, October 16. The Warriors, who have already chalked up victories over Illinois and Wisconsin, possess a squad of former professional and collegiate stars that is packed with
Tutoring By, For Students
The student who feels that he jjigh achievement records,
needs a tutor should not necessarily "be considered ignorant or lazy.
er, quarters detail; H. M. Durbin, southwest corner of the Union, potential power. Since Charley
ber 28 to December 1 will be the re- Topeka, Kansas, has chosen as his dances provide an opportunity for assigned to headquarters office; L. since no bonfire has been planned. Bachman, Michigan State mentor.
ward of ten Indiana 4-H Club boys j*’ University students to become bet- jjgnnen, assigned to music Jibrary; Coach Elmer Durham will introduce assumed control as civilian coach, - Piirvlip TTapItyi^^. nnn T)r J H Hfli’n- +r»v ijnrmQinforT T-f +V10 /^cinr»oc! c»vo ... . /-i /-i 1. j
One boy has been chosen by the State 4-H Club staff from each of
Public Health”, and Dr. J. H. Hard- ter acquainted. If the dances are :rnlR; R. Roir,7hair and rack detail
enbergh, executive secretary of the supported by the student body, they
American Veterinary Medical Asso- will be continued.
activities, or a poor academic background justify that need just as much as actual neglect of work. The Student Senate has organ-
thpse boys will be paid by the Indiana State Fair Board. One requirement of the winners was that each mustTiave exhibited at the 1943
Poor health, press of outside work , „ .. '. . T „ - ciation, Chicago, will give the ret®o districts, and all expenses for port on the “Recent War Conference
of the American Veterinary Medi-
cal Association.”
University Club Will Hold Reception Monday, 8:30 Members of the University club will hold a reception for new mem
ized a tutoring “clearing house” for State 4-H Club show held at Indistudents who are experiencing scho- anapolis September 6 to 10. lastic difficulties. It is strictly a stu- #
dent enterprise, carried on under the guidance of the Senate without supervision from the teaching or administrative staffs. \ The standard rate for tutors is 60 cents an hour. Anyone interested in the service should contact the Student Senate office any weekday evening between
4 and 6 p. m.
Prices Advance For 'Hay Fever' Tickets for “Hay Fever”, Playshop’s first production of the season, will be advanced from the present price of 56 cents to 76 cents after this Saturday. They may be obtained either at the box office in Fowler Hall or from membei's of the
cast or crew.
Glimpses of this week’s rehearsals give promise of gala perfor
mances
Women's HygieneClasses Dr. Strauss’s visit to the campus which was to have been this week has been postponed for two weeks. The 4 o’clock lectures and question periods previously arranged to have been conducted by her are therefore cdncelled. All Hygiene classes P.E.W. 61 will meet as usual on Thursday and
Friday.
—MARION RUSSELL,
Munns Caldwell Accepts County Agricultural Post Munns A. Caldwell, who was graduated from the University in 1931, has accepted the position of county agricultui’al agent in Boone county. The new county agent has served as assistant county agent in
Lance Corporals Named
Lance corporals include G. L.
members of the team, and the Men’s fhe Camp Grant combination has Glee Club, under the direction of A1 been developing rapidly, and jseports Stewart, will sing. from Rockford indicate that the The yell leaders will direct more Warriors will be at the peak of their
Knight, supply; R. R. Augsburger, ^^e hopes that power against the Boilermakers, percussion; R. F. O’Brien, cbair aiM pigsty gf co-ope- Rugged Forward Wall Battle > equipmen , . . ^j^g game Saturday. The Th@^battle of two rugged forward
session will last about ah hour. Fol- walls is expected to provide one of lowing is the engineers yell: the highlights of the afternoon. E to the X—DY DX, E to the Bachman will field a line that aver-
bers Monday at 8:30 p. m. in the TiPP®®anoe county since last No-
. I , , . , vember. For four years previous to Union. Glen Wright and his orches- ^ tra will provide music for dancing. Lake county.
Professor and Mrs. Fred Allen are Caldwell's successor in Tippein charge of bridge playing and canoe. county will be' Hobart W. music is in charge of Professor and Jones who is the present assistant Mrs. Gordon H. Graves. county agent in Madison county. Dinner for members will precede Jones is an August graduate of the
the program. University.
Phillips, quarters; and W. R. Van
Antwerp, technical.
M. D. Reed is chief field trumpeter, in charge of training field trumpeters. H. M. Durbin is principal field trumpeter; M. L. Wagoner, first field trumpeter; and R. G. Ross,
second field trumpeter. Gimlet Pledges
Ray Schneider
Bill Stuart
Bob Holmes ‘
Jack Abbett
Don McMillan
l^ldie Timm Jack Hines
Dick Barwegen
X—DX
Cosine, secant, tangent, sine
3.14159
Square root, cube root, B.T.U. Slipstick, slide rule YEA PURDUE. Willis B. Dye I ... ’06, governor of the 155th district of Rotary International, spoke at a meeting of the Lafayette Ro-
ages 216 pounds from end to end with three former professionals and a quartet of collegiate stars contributing to the poundage. The Boilermakers, although outweighed around eight pounds per man, will likewise present a formidable front that has turned in impressive defensive performances against Great Lakes, Marquette, and Illinois. Attempting to maintain the same gait on running plays that was es-
tary Club on Tuesday. His topic was tablished in the initial trio of vic“Those Who Strive for Merit Shall tories will provide a real problem
Attain Success.”
Surprise Blackout Finds Students In Readiness
for the Boilermaker backs as they attempt to elude the Warrior poundage. The Boilei’makers will depend on a quartet built around Tony Butkovich, smashing fullback who holds the lead in the Big Nine scoring' race and has been averaging close to eight yards on running plays. Camp Grant will match the Boilermaker backfield with a well-bal-
By E. R. Y. Wendell Where did you spend the evening disgust of some of the interested with looks of despair plastered on were interrupted ’luesday night at mous drinking songs, others studied, a n ■
of the blackout? Did you make the parties. It is, no doubt, rather em- their masked countenances. WRH as the first whistle brought through force of hour tests the next ^^®®o quartet buit aroimd Corwin most of your opportunities? Did barrassing to reach to the other Back To The Fold all freshmen coeds into the main day. ®i'stwhfie Notre Dame :mllne771107(17°Friday and ^on stop to think that that was a side of the love seat that is meant Not long after the final all-clear corridors. Rules and regulations A number of people took advant- \ Remo Hoii, veteran pioMS’
Saturday. The comedy, written by Noel Coward, takes the audience to the English country home of a screwball family for an uproarious
weekend.
Complications arise
member invites a house guest with
training program to save our own for two, only to find another girl signal the few wandering girls hus- forced the coeds to be dateless, so age of the rumored blackout and sional quaiterback, and Jimmy Decase of invasion of air holding your date’s hand, and prov- tie back to their abode to tell of life they consoled themselves by singing got dates for Tuesday night. The wai, loimeily ot Indiana, who is
wildered guests are soon lost in intricate, confused pattern of life in
the Bliss home.
lives *** vvvuw V.*. ^ ^ - - ^ ---o
raids ? ing the adage that three is a crowd, in the Sweet Shop during the pe- “Pistol Packin’ Mama”, and other Union served as a refuge for at elated for the left halfback assign-
Activities within a sorority house No, Not Exercises ^'’od of darkness. Those songs must such classics. least a couple hundred students who during a blackout are about as va- Perhaps the most disheai-tening have really been something to hear. With the first shrill note, pajama either were seeking a place of saferied as could be found any place on sound of all is to find that some girl. Let’s hope we are never caught in clad freshies closed door ventilators, ty or who just wanted to have a
w en eac ogygpgg^ gj^is spend much of a definitely perverted sense of Uiere to listen to another session of snapped off lights, and dashed into comfortable place to enjoy the im-
after th& dark discussing humor, has taken this advantage to the oft'-key harmony produced by the hall carrying books and hail-- posed darkness,
out telling the o ers. e our forms of entertainment sought (Jelve into the mystery of how to the University students. pins. The more eastern coeds, used phe whole period of the blackout
by each. ^ lose weight by exercises and bois- Finally the last stragglers return to these sudden alarms, gave long managed both by students and
Lovers’ Paradise terous counting. to report that they had witnessed accounts ot the hours they had aR. raid wardens so that there was . n tA/ f* t Of course, there are always the Down in the room commonly the blackout in one of the restaur- spent in subways during blackouts, no one hurt even though the build- Lt* R, _ . . . - I well-known lovers who do not need known as the bum room, there are ants over town. Vainly the proprie- However, to most the air raid was jng in most parts was pitch black,
Cspt, A, WSTu a blackout to make it quite evident lights and the sound of only the tors had tried to keep the lights on, n completely new experience, and Students were requested to find ... was in town this week visiting
that the title “People Will Say warning signals over the radio. No but the wardens just could not see they were flustered. seats and not move around until the his uncle. Prof. Willis C. Stephens,
. . . M. E. ’41, who was seriously 'We’re in Love” fits them to a T. soft music for those people who are it their way. Even the urging of Officials Officiate lights were tuined on. of the mathematics staff, and Mrs. wounded in action in the South Pa- Then there are the newly matched ambitious (?) enough to study for some of the elderly men in the room. Finally the air raid warden did Although the blackout was prac- Stephens, 502 Waldron street, Lt. cific area some months ago, while couples who for the first time are tomorrow’s hour test in one room however, had not convinced the girls force her way through the jabbering'* tice for one of the serious phases of Snorf is a University graduate serving in the Marine Corps is now beginning to see something good in that can be properly darkened to they were frightened enough to wads of coeds to pull all the the war, most University students PSE ’42. He reported for training
. ’ the war, because people cannot meet the requirements of the air have to hold anyone’s hand, and switches. Corridor representatives managed to see just a little farther last February. At the expiration of
serving as instiuc oi in e ani- raid wardens. After several people they were p'ei-fectly able to protect took charge and seated the gh-ls than the seriousness and have a his ten day leave, Snoiff will report aircraft forces at Camp Lejuene, Even the practical jokers can find vainly seek a place to sit in the one themselves even in the darkness, along the wall leaving room to carry good time in making the most of to Ogden, Utah, for duty with the
The game will be in the nature of homecoming for two members of the Camp Grant squad. Bill Burghaidt, left halfback, and John Andretich, fullback, both former Boiler-
makers.
North Carolina.
a place in the dark—much to the lighted room, they return upstairs “Joeing” and intermittent study out wounded. While some sang fa- their surroundi^igs
aircraft maintenance engineers.
-Page ^
Purdue Exponent
' Thursday, October 7, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with v Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor Business Manager News Editor Menairin]; Editor Sports Editors
Fills Murpio Mary Dilts Winiam H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Raymond J Smith Russell M Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Ablett R ith M Fori Madelyn A Cl Ines Jane 'T R cl r 1 M i, lit Y Sltli 1 m Acktrmai
Business Staff
Adscrtisinff Manager C I Gaunt Assistant Adsertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Allett . rTl. City Editor Steffts Issue Editor Davis Sports Editor Thomas Reporters 01 \si rg r R thirl HU I’’'!;'^ ( S- rj R ( !- Ta nor Wrght S m ii P Carlu Sttiibcig r I le C r tt , „ Staff Photographer M t Ti Hicr
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under tie ct of Congress of March 3 1873 and at the spec al rate of p stage i rovided for in section 1103 act of Ocolcr 3 IJl author red Jai ary 20 1922 Published on T itsdai Thui lav and Saturday mornings dur mg tie 1 ai exe i t c rt tac ton i rods Delivered daily by carrier f r xl 2 for a s me t r bv m til for $1 f 0 for a s me t r S bsei i lion may li obta ned al the Exponent
office or at th W si D k of tl e IJ
Represented f r r at onal adverti ng ly National Advertis mg Sei\ ce Inc C 11 ge lull h rs Repiesentatives 42U
Madison Avc N \ 'ioik N Y
A World For
Better Living
In 01 del to pie\ent wai, many theoiies have been ad\anced as to its causes, but it seems that as long as iheie have been people, theie ha\ e been wais That seems to indicate that vai is a lesult of specific actions of individuals, since in many cases, a country oi state IS one indn idual Thus war can be traced down to the \agaiies of an indicidual’s peisonality Some authoiities say that peisonalities aie fixed m a human being befoie he leaches the age of fi\e That may be tiue, it may not It suielj IS tiue, howevei, that his attitudes will change as leahzation of the scale of adult \ allies comes upon him Also the way in which he IS treated by other pei sons as he advances to leahzatioii aie the determining factois in his attitudes One could ha ly say that Hitler’s paients weie of an unaei standing nature oi that he giew up with the idea that the woild was aftei all a faiily passable place to spend his dai-s And millions of otheis like him grew up with twisted notions of human values and lelationships But it was not then fault Essentially it was a misundei standing by adults in contact with the youngei peison, of childish behavioui, and that includes the actions of all undei the age of at least 25 oi 26, including college students, and as a lesult, censoiship and punishment based on that misundei standing and accoiding to a moie ad- \ anced lealization of life and what it is As it happens with mdmduals, so these indn iduals can influence a community and even a nation So today Germany has plunged us once moie into sufteiing and piivation But what can we college students do*^ We ai e fighting a war w hich we must win People talk of the wonderful golden age to follow, the commonwealth of nations, fieedom from Icai and want, and man> other things, much longed foi but e\ ei out of sight And yet people still contiol then chikhen by feai and intimidation which, although \eiled in most cases, IS still theie Can we theiefoie, expect any bettei woild in years to come than in the yeais behind us This wai is big onl> because technology has diminished the world to the size of the field of the battle of Maiathon, and so is only one wai among othei wais We speak of a blight, clean, new world in which to bung up oui childien Had we not bettei bung up oui childicn in a blight, clean way with the hope that they can make a bettci job of Ining than oui fathcis ha\e done ' And so that is the pioblem which confionts us the coming generation It is foi us to bring up oui childien in such a mannei that then ]jc I sonalitics aic not twisted and defoimed So that thej do not loi m complexes oi get into any of the othei states designated by fancy scientific teims which make people become scoundicls and fanatics and which lead the woi Id into tin moil ■—w h t
Snhvice, SihlfuiA,
C. W. Stall
12 (,1 (liiaU of ll c A^,iicultuit School h is just toinpcHcd his tidimiij, at I l Ptriniug Ga and has Kceivtd hib tomiiiissioii as a second iicutcnant in tilt TJ S Aiiny Inlanti^j Willie at till IJnniisiu he was aitivi in txli i tuiritulai i( tn i a as a studrnt annountci on tilt I aun hoi urn i inogiani on WHAA Joi stveial aionthb
mmm
MERRY-(iO:liOUHD
•y DREW REARSON
Secretary Stimson Rejects Basebait Tour Of Battle Fronts; Morgan Reveals WCTU Move WASSINGTON-—It was Secietaiy ot War Shmson peisonally who leveised his Aimy suboidinates and luled that majoi league baseball teams could not visit the wai fionts to enteitain the tioopsStimson felt that the tioops would lesent the sight of apparently healthy ball stais not in service uni foim would not lealize that each ball playei of mill taiy age had been exempted from the diaft because of some physical infiimity which does not handicap him as a baseball stai but appaiently pievents him fiom meeting the lequiiements of the Army—such a« half an eai gone a toe off oi a fingei missing This was the second veto of such a project by Stim son, the othei having been his lefusal to let Joe Louis box with Billy Conn foi the entertainment of tioops Stimson also thought this would have a bad moiale
effect
In both cases Stimson oveiiuled his piess chief Maj Gen Alexandei Suiles, who was iiked Subse quently Suiles came to one of Stimson’s adviseia,
said
‘Ive given a lot of thought to the piotection of Secietaiy Stimson and Undei secietaiy Patteison ’ ‘ Pi otection f 1 om w hat ’ was the i eply ‘ Fiom the baseball people,” aiisweied Surles
Prohibifion Move
What looks like an ingenious scheme to iiiciease piohibition aieas while the soldiei vote is hamstiung has been iineaithed in New Yoik by Democi itic leadei Bill Morgan j Moigan lemembeiing how prohibition was put aciosb dining the last wai when soldieis could not vote IS testing a Women s Chiistian Tempeiance Un ion move m the New Yoik couits The WCPU h id in seited a local option law on the ballot in Coitland Countv N Y Significantly the pioposal was inseit ed on Sept 22 despite the fact that ballots weie mailed to the soldieis on Sept 20 In othei woids the tioops will not get the ballot with the local option law wiitten on it theiefoie will be unable to vote on it Demociatic Leadei Moigan has appealed the mat tei befoie Supieme Couit Judge Coombs in Coitland County as unconstitutional Moigan contends that it any piohibition measure is to be on the ballot heie at home it must also be on the ballot voted on by sailois and soldieis It IS lepoited that the WCTU is planning similai moves in othei aieas
WBAA Schedule
3^
2 16-
Thursday 10 80—News 10 45-—Smile Time Warrick 11 00—Federated Clubs 11 16>~Morning Matinee 11 dO—Purdue NeSvs 11 06—News 12 00—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band 12 66—News 1 00—Homemakers Club 1 16—Music 1 30—Science Review 1 45—Markets 1 66—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 16—The Apothecary 6 30—Treasure Chest 2 65—News 3 00—Symphony Hall 3 o6—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 66—News 6 00—Little Miss Muftett 6 16—Dons Mai tin singer 6 30—Vespers 5 46—Music 6 00—Mmute ot Piayer 6 01— Dinner Hour r 65—News 7 00—Navy Band 16—Beyond Victoi’v What? 30 Purdue Open House 7 46 Report to the People 7 55—News 8 00 The Rookman 8 16—M isic 8 30—From the Press Box 8 45—Music 8 7T—News 9 00—Musicana 9 30 Anything. But Swing ) 65—News 10 00 Oft the Air
2 30
-News
Story a Day
-Petije Musicals
2 663 003 16S 303 664 00-
16-
30-
46-
7 568 008 308 468 669 009 309 6610 00-
Musfckl Varitties
-Newfe
-Afternoon Melodjes
-Music
-Tea lime Tunes
-News
-Tea Time Tunes -Just Relax
-News
-Little Miss Muffett
Music
Go to Church Sunday
Music
-Minute of Prayer -Dinner Hour
-News -Music
-Home Defense
-M'usic
-Netheilands Radio News
-News
-USD Quiz Show
-Music
-Eventide Fchoes
-N^ws
-Dance Time -Anything But Swing
-News
-Off the Air
Hilir
Classifiedi
Ads
Typewriters Adding maemnes all nutkel sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo<* graph work dune C J DbershofF 605 MeId, Lafayette Phone 2779
“I never ^e that ‘sitting up with a sick friend’ story any more —I lust tell the wife I’m taking my secietary to dinner and a show—she knows what lengths we gotto go to, to keep an employee ”
University Calendar
Thursday, October 7
00 A M 00 P M 00 PM 00 P M
00 A M 30 PM 00 PM 00 P M
Veteiinny Shoit Couise E Paculty Lounge, Union Committee on State of Univeisity Room 129 EE Building ASME Meeting (Cential Ind Section) Room 192 EE Bldg ASME Meeting (Cential Ind Section) Room 108 ME Bldg Friday, October 8 Veteimaiy Shoit Couise E Faculty Lounge Union Commeicial Paim Manageis Dinnei Robin 330, Union Seivice Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music Commeicial Faim Man vgeis Meeting Room 263 Umoji
Fridjiy 10 30—Now«5 10 46—Smile Time Wnriick 11 00*— Woild Politics Pi of Phillips 11 60—Puidue News 11 65—News 12 00—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band 12 o6 News 1 00—Homemal eis Cl ib 1 U Mub c 1 45—Markets 1 55—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 I*"—Tieas iry Star Painde 2 30—Music 2 5—N< ws 3 00—Afternoon Melolios 3 16 Music 3 30—Tea Titnc Tune^ 3 0—News I 00—Tea Fime Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 t)6—News r 00 Little Miss Ml ITett ll—Mu c r 30—Vespers r 45—Sports Review G 00—Mijiute f Prayer 6 01—Dinner Hour 6 5a—News 00 Memoues of the Masters 30—Music 65—News 8 00—WBAA Barn Dance 8 30—Todd Grant Gets the Story 8 45—Eventide Echoes 8 o5—Nows 9 00—Musicana 9 30^—Anything But Swing ) 5 News 10 00 011 the Air
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns lugga(,e typewriters Albert B Office 40 ( Columbia
Typewriter service C 6343
L Gunkle Phont
Wanted—“Purdue stu lents to work TIvurs day and Satuiday evening n wuiteiK Px peril nee not i ecebsar\ Good pay an I »hQrt liouib Flks Clih Aiply Piank I ei than
al P Ji hie Memo Aimy iml Navy
Wanted—Boys to \ rial Union Catoteria
Lir G
Lost—WomaHi a gold Weslfield watch at pep iall> Prid ly night Pm 1 i call 8413 Room 2G0 Rewaid
Last—Saturday Oetober 2 thiee atiand peail bracelet ihnestine el xsp Reward U found I
Wanted—Stu lent to woik as waiter in fi iternity hoisc 1 h uia i ei week Call Bob Allen 23)0
Football Schedule
Oct 9—*Camp Grant—Here Oct 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct 23—Iowa—Here Oct 30—Wisconsin—There Nov 6-j—Minnesota—There Nov 13^—Open date Nov 20—Indiana—There
General Clark Cables
Saturday, October 9
Congiessman Henry M Jackson of Eveiett Wash , has just leceived a cable fiom Gen Mnik Clnik fiom the Saleino Naples battlefield Repiesentative Jackson lecently enlisted in the aimy as a buck piivate and just befoie doing so sent cables to Gen MacAithui Gen Eisenhowei and othei field commandeis stating that he would like to see ic tive seivice and was at then command Gen Claik cabled fiom the thick of the bloody Naples batfle ‘Wish you could be vith me as soon as possible Capital Chaff Phil Reed foimei Geneial Electiic chan man who slid giacefully out of the Wai Pioduction Boaid in Washington is slated to take Aveicll Haiiimans place IS lend lease administiatoi m England The Aimy and Navj both ha\e given belated but vigoious asbuiances to the Tinman Committee that fiom now on when the Committee tuins up inefficiency the limed seivices will loot it out immediitely—if the Tiumin Committee vill lefiain fiom a public aiiin„ Ceitain Scnatois still have then fingeis ciossed It lemains an unfoitunate fact that WAG lecruit nig IS suffeiing as i lesult of John 0 Donnell s contia ceptive stoiy Also it is felt in high Aimy ciicles that Col Hobby has slightly ovei oiganiaed the WAGS The WAGS themselves would pitfei male offi ceis to women They say the men aien t so tough Posf-War Industry Ihe Piesident has just had i significant confeience y ith Repiesentative Wiight Pitman of lexas on post wai domestic economy Ihe Piesident expiessed himself foicefully on the necessity of gieatei decent!alization of industiy aftei the wai Slid eveiy section of the countiy should is fai as possible be made economically self sufficient Oui V ist piogiam of wai pioduction has been instiu mental m the spiead of industiy to many sections in the South and West that pieviously had no lactones to speak of the Piesident said But he ulded that theie was still much to be done Foi ex imple steel had to be shipped all the way acioss the countiy to aiicialt plants and shipyaids on the West Co 1st though the West and Noilhwest aie iich m non oie deposits which haven’t been developed be c lusc the steel tiust has concentiated its mills and blast luinaces in the East Out of Patman s talk at the White House evolved the meeting of 50 Congiessmen fiom 26 states to de mind that the Administiation take steps now to in SLiie gicitci decentialuation of industiy Senatoi Pit McCiiien of Nevida Repiesentatives John Coflee of Washington Clinton Andeison of New Mexico ind Cecil King of Cililoiiiia wgic the main
2 30PM Football—Camp Giant 8 30 P M Dance
Ross Ade Stadium Noith and South Balhooms
Saturday 10 30—News 10 4 Smile Time Wai rick 11 00—Morning Melodies 11 1 —Safety Program 11 30 Mubic 11 5 ~Ne V 12 00~Mu c 12 1 Meet the Band 1? 4r —Mfli] ets 12 65—^NeWs 1 00—Radio Stage 1 30—Marching to Victory
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Geneial Electric Co , Schenectady, N Y—Octobei 22 Intel estecl in Chemists Ch E ME CE EE Shell Development Co, Emeiy ville Cal —Date to be announced Interested in Chemists Ch E , M E , C E EE Ingersoll Rand Company New’ Yoik—Date to be announced Intel ested in M E EE Speriy Products Inc, Hoboken N J —Octobei 25 Intel ested in ME EE
111 day Octobei 16 RCA Manufacturing Company, Bloomington Ind — Interested in ME, EE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, Octobei 13
These companies arc not sched uled to visit the campus, however, they aie inteiested in students for employment ^ Kankakee Ordnance Works E I DuPont de Nemouis & Co, Joliet Illinois Inteiested m Chemists Sign by Satuiday Octobei 9 The Standaid Oil Company of Ohio Cleveland Ohio—Inteiested in M E Ch E EE Chemists Sign in Peisonnel Office by Situiday Ot tobei 16 CianeCo Chicago 111—Inteicst ed in ME CE Ch E Sign by Oct 6 I'helps Dodge (oppei Producto Coiporation Inti Mfg Div Eoit Wij'ne Ind—Inteiested m chem ists Sign in Peisonnel Office by Sat-
Insamty leigns supieme in the Muble Vault The othei day Paul Blakely Phi Gam is well aimy pii vate made the unfoitunate lemaik that he hadn t seen any women foi so long that he would like to kiss cveiy Kappa on the campus So the Kappas being the obliging kind, foamed a beautiful leception line foi the pool fellow when he hacked his way unsuspectingly into that fiigid domain to gleet his foimei pm gal line Spiagiic By the time he finally got to hei the deai boy was pietty well woin out
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
tlLLS CROWD THE
SCREEN AS THEY
CHEER
^ New under-amt • Cream Deodorant Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate slctn 2> No waiting to dry Can be used tight after shaving
3. Instantly stops perspiration for
1 to 3 days Pr
Prevents odor
4. A pure white, ^reaseLess
stainless vanishing cteaiji
5a Awarded Approval Seal of
American Institute of launder me for being harmless to
* fabnc
Merry-Go-Rourid Top men in the W u Dcputment weie boiling mad ovci ihc Stlfiidge IicJd couit maitiil which meiely 1 educed ( ol Williim 1 Coleman to the i ink of cap fain for shooting a negio piivate Gcneially it is difficult to inciease the penalties of court maitials but this tiipe Aimy chiefs iie so incensed they will tiytodoit Without iny fanfaie Attoiney Geneial Biddle has been quietly leoiganizing his Justice De paitment in addition to Congiessman Jim McGian ciy ol Philadelphia who becomes Assistant to the At toiney Geneial Ed Lniiis tal es ovci the Registiation ol Foi eign Agents Heibcit Bayai d Swope genius of the old New Yoik Woild and i diiectoi of the Co lumbia Bioidcasting Syslcin has dcteimined th it CBS diiectois get to the bottom of censoiship chaiges against ( olumbia Congiessman Ramspeck of Ceoigia has declaied wai against the crvil seivice le quiiement ol a college degiec foi any man holding most g’oveinment jobs which pay ovei $1 800 Ram speck dcclaics that anyone sti ving in the ai med forces has bettei qiialific itioris than a college education and that wai SCI vice will be equivalent to a college dcgite when the boys come home (Copyiight, 1913, by United 1 c ituic Syndicate, Inc )
HELD OVER
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
iiniA
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
Di Forfune's newest milttary paffertr and one of tfto nation's top styhsr Smarts comfottoblo practical for milesi, cfudk miles of real wotkiififp pleasure. Let us fit y^ in a pair today . » , they're ready for diffy on any front!
$5 TO $550
SOME STYLES HIGHER
FOETUTI SHOES FOft MEN B. & W. SHOE CO. EAST SIDE SQUARE
I*Army, 'Nqvy, Marine. ]}^ws
fftn '
* Thursday, October 194S.
For Service Men, By Service Men
Page S.
New Officer J^s AsfP this Week I ^ C J , . Lt. Timothy Danahex’, A.G.I>., is ,the hew^ classification oflScer for the 'jL645th Service Unit, ASTP. The„ lieutenant arrived at the Univel’sity this last week from the Reception Center at Fort Thomas, Kentucky where he was also classiAcatlon. officer. He has been in the aripy two years; first as an enlisted mjpi in D.E.M.L. and after attending; QCS, as a 2pd lieutenant. Before joining the service Lt. Danaher was engaged rn personnel Work and has his B.A. and M.A. degrees from Indiana Univer sity. His graduate work, which resulted in the master’s degree, was in sociology and psychology.
Campus Looks Good s* i i«? f ^ hr? To Returning AST Men “I was looking forward to getting back home, and it’s mighty good to be here,’’ commented Pfc. Sam Brosier, one of the advanced ROTC men who left school in April, fie was an Ag student and organized here on the'campus. “We left the University in April,” he continued, “and went to Fort Ben Harrison where we went through the process of induction. Then we had a short - furlough and returned to be we’d have to go into Raleigh or shipped to Fort Bragg around excitement— ,, .jji . when we could get passes.” He said the middle of May. “The sergeants'’ seemed to University weie together at Fort have it in for us at Harrison,” Bragg and therefoie believes that Sam jovially put forth, “but when we got to Bragg, all there was to worry about was working on the guns and digging slit trenches. There wasn’t much to do there so
After the Game
the
jdjlvWl
Hotel
Visit
Walnut Room Cafe
O. M. Pipes '31
almost all will be back here in ASTP within a short time, with their Pfc. ratings. “We left Foi't Bragg a little over a week ago,’’ Pfc. Brosier went on, “and after a 38-hoiir ride in day coaches ai rived in Columbus at Ohio State University.” At this point Sam’s face lighted Up. “We got 11hour passes,” he said, “and had a rare time!” He seemed to think there were plenty of women, but they took a lot of ribbing from the Ohio State fellows. Shipped To University “After a week at Ohio State they shipped us back to good old Pui’due,” remarked Sam. “The campus has changed, and even though I’m tired of looking at uiiifoims, it’s swell to be home again.” When asked about the football team, he quickly exclaimed, “We’ve got a winning team; I only hope that we beat Ohio Slate I” In regard to that all important date situation on the campus Pfc. Brosier replied, “There aien’t enough women.” • Sam expects to be here from one to SIX months after which he will probably be assigned to OCS. His gioup is Sitting in some classes now as a lefreshei, and he believes that regular classes will begin in November, also that they will act as cadet officers in the Armory once
again. \
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Beau% Contest To End Next Simcby
• St O'
Service Men Vote On pofm Clipped From Exponent
OCS Quotas Open; OPA Restores Gas For Gl Furlougiis Although the Army Administra
Whatever course you fake, if drawing, drafting or tracing are important parts, ^^protomic Van Dyke pencils with HI-DENSITY LEAD will make the going easier, faster. Longer wear, smooth as-silk, even lines, extreme opacity withoutheavy pressure. These extra advantages moke for better
18 DEGREES ..
Also 6 IN SPECIAL CHISEL POINT | 'work, higher skill.
EBERHAHD FABER J-aadatihlp in finE^WenUnc lyiAtERiALS since isss
High Quality Foods for All 1 Occasions!
Delivery Limited to Fraternities and Sororities
Lux & Humphreys
317 State St.
DO YOU DIG IT? Submrffed by Joe vander Werff University of Washington
6
NOW signalmen can wear helmets with this new headset! S IGNALMEN formerly saw action without helmets because old-style headsets were too bulky. Now miniature receivers with earplugs ar0 being used for both radio and telephone work. Fitting snugly under the helmets they give better reception by keeping out battle noise ... they are cooler, more comfortable. Signal Corps engineers working with Western Electric and Bell Telephone Laboratories developed this new allpurpose military headset. Here is another instance of Bell System ser- (f vice to our nation at war.
JFar calls keep Long Distance lines busy ,., That’s why your call may he delayed.
By Cpl. .Jack Martire
The posting of the photographic entries in the Service Men’s Beauty Contest has resulted in enthusiastic perusal by all the students, including the coeds. It has been suggested that per-
tion Officers Candidate School at Ft. ^aps the latter are interested in their competition-. Washington and several other OC Th^ photographs, which are on display outside the Sweet schools have been closed, and quotas Shop in the Union, may be voted upon by any service man who for those still open generally printed form from^ — s ainy re uce , lepoits ^jjg gjrponent highest number of votes will be precampk all over the country indicate e.. g„,..:g, . seated to the judges, Lt. Col. Hick* that applicants should hy no means ^OW that the entiles and Lt. Commander Kegley. These
consider the opportunity to become their beauty is known, many
o ceis 61^- of the men are making re- fo^. ^JJ (;j,e service men and in addiCamp publications in all services j^arks SUCh as: “I wish I had tion, one winner will be picked to aie pom mg ou a app ications j^jy giri,” All of which goes lepiesent each of the branches of
aie still being accepted for many
sc 00 s. e 1 eience owevei, as n^arines who did entei then pic- The winners will be announced in the Camp Polk Armorader among t^e fexponent when their pictures many others points out, is that em- j m. ,, „ „ u 1 ^ TbpTP sppms to bp miipVi biimor puuted. The “queen” will rephasis now IS on quality above quan- insiG seems to ne mutn numoi _ j t
connected with the contest. Two ^ fitted traveling case, a bon-
Few Can Be Chosen pictuies of “Lonnie of Hawaii” have roses and the affection of all
the seiviee men.
Service Men's Stall
Asks For More Writers For Page While the present service men’s
Yestei day’s humor was account- gt^ff of the Exponent is tiying to sd for when someone placed his own gg^g^. ^g^g^ ^^g fggj that-there-.
Applicants are warned that only enteied, but foi obvious reaa few can be chosen and that com- disqualified. The petition, both for the original ap- gentleman who entered Frances pomtment, and later at the school Rafferty will have to piove his acitself will be keen. quamtance befoie the photograph Final selections are made on the movie stai can be accepted, quality of leadership the applicant Not that the competition would be has shown, among many oiher fac- niuch, but the contest is a crosstois. Education, either foimal or section of the friends of seivice men gained through experience, is most inteiested in lingers, important as it becomes a basis for Animal Entered
quick,--sound, logical decisions. Other Traits Stressed ^
Also stressed are personality and sotiy behind the glass showcase j^j.g jy,ajiy additional happenings character, with emphasis on suqh o. plug to vote for it since would be of interest to the traits as devotion to duty, unques- couldn t tell just what was the soldiers, sailors and marines, tioned honesty, and^oral, intellec- of the animal. Incidentally, foi order to facilitate complete tual and physical courage. those men interested in the safety covera^ of the Aimy, Navy and It is estimated that more than their photographs, all entries are news, we would welcome 206,000 officers have already been ^ locked case ahd will be well contributions from any interested commissioned from the various guarded. seivice man. Do not worry about schools, This Sunday night will be the last yg^j. ability as a writer. If you have CIS Get Furlough Gas oppoitumty to vote foi the choices, gg^ething that is of interest to all GIs heading Eastward on fur- Thus those expecting to cast ballots gf ^g^ -^g^ ^-g^ ^g^^ ^he facts or lough and woriied about whether by that time. whole story and bring it they’d be able to use the car at Ballots To Be Judged oi send it to the Exponent. It is up home can rest easy; furlough gas When all the ballots have been to you whether or not you want to rations have been restored by OPA, collected and counted, the four en- become a regular contributor, the Beacon of the Manchester Army t’^Jes fiom each seivice with the As it is now, there are toO|few Air Base advises. —•• — ' ' ' men who write for our page. Out of The allowance—up to five gal- applies in twelve Eastern states 3,000 service men there must be-^ Ions—had been generally granted and m the District of Columbia. many who have the information and up to June 1, but at that time it was The necessary coupons are avail- ability to make the third page betI'escinded because of the general able on presentation of fuilough pa- ter. How about it?
shortage on the Atlantic seaboard, pers to local War Pi ice and Ration-
The provision, recently restored, ing Boards. Try An Exponent Clasufied!
STRAUSS SAYS —STORE HOURS SATURDAY 9 30 TILL 6 MONDAY 12 15 TILL 8-45
SEND US YbUR SLANG AND GET $10 IjF WE USE IT Address's College D*pt,, Pepsi-Co/a Co., Long Island City, N, Y,
Pepsi-Colct Company,Una IjlondCityfNiY# Bottled loooUy feyfranehlted Bottler*.
The NAVY has appointed The Man's Store (forihis area)—to present Officers' Uniforms' and Accessories under the Naval PIpn. This straight-line, selective procedure— (sailor — tailor — retailer) — creates a standard of quality and value— that is evidently impossible under any other method. 1 The Fall and Winter Uniforms and Outercoats are Ready! A complete illustrated catalog of Naval Uniforms’and Accessories and Insignia — on request. L STRAUSS & CO. THE MAN'S STORJ Cl V1 LI AN —ARMY —NAVY OUTFITTER'S ' — Indianapolis —m^3
Boitermalser Efforts
Camp Grant Linemen Average 216 Pounds
On the basis of available peisoii nel, Camp Grant’s Waiiiois, who will be gunning to blast the Boileimakeis fiom the victoiy path heie Saturday, possess one of the nation’s most formidable football fronts The well knit Waiiioi combination, which has won two out of thiee starts against Big Ten teams so far this season, staits off with a foiwaid vail made up ot thiee piofessionals and four foimei collegiate stars which aveiages 216 pounds pel man fiom end to end The wings aie veil guaided by Bill Hubei foimei Notie Dame stai who was a staitei foi the Collegiate All Stais 111 then victoiy ovei the Washington Redskins this summei, and 220 poind 6 foot 3 inch Sam Goldman vho saw seiv ce with the Washington Redskins before being called by Uncle Sam The tackles are manned in impressive fashion by a pan of mountainous piofes sionals Joe Coomei, 280 pounder from the Pittsburgh Steeleis, and Roman Bentz 230 pound contiibu tion of the Washington Redskins
Orlando And Zimmy At Guards Leading the guard candidates is Bob Orlando, captain elect of Col gate and an all eastern selection last year, and Bob Zimmy, an Indiana product who was moved over from tackle Ihe center post is handled in more than capable fashion by Bill Goldsmith, ex Kansas State Teachers giidder who snapped ’em back for the Grantmen last year The Warr 101 s likewise have a wealth of backfield candidates Quarterbacking duties are shared by Remo Non, who has had profes sronal experience with the Detroit Lions Brooklyn Dodgers, and Chicago Bears, and Joe Tisko former Temple luminary Notre Dame’s Corwin Clatt has been pounding op position lines from the fullback spot with Tony Storti, all conference from Stout Institute, and Bill Reed hard driving runner frojn Ripon, sharing the right halfback berth The backfield is rounded out by a pair of left halfbacks well known to Hoosier fans, Jimmy De-
Notices
Seventh Term ME a and AE’s It is time for you to begin having employment irtter views Secure the following material fifom Miss Hacker in the ML Office 1 InterGew procedure sheet 2 Company list 3 Rt quest for Interview caids 4 Confidential Taculty Recommendation ’ form Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices '—BOLZ Faculty University Club dues for 1943 ’944 arc payable to secretary now —BUTZ
war of Indiana, and Bill Buighardt, of this school The Boilermaker “Bees”, reserves who are being groomed for a schedule of three games on then own account presented their versron of the Warrior attack yesterday afternoon as the coaches carefully reviewed defensive assignments With no injuries apparent as a result of the Illinois tilt, Burnham stuck to virtually the same combination that gained almost at will against the
Illini
Guy Mackey, Boilermaker athletic director, announced a schedule of three games for the “Bees”, who will open against Culver Military Academy at Culver on Oct 16 Other games are scheduled with Xavier at Cincinnati on Oct 23 and the Bunker Hill Naval Air Station on Nov 6
UnlvcrBlty Club Mtmbcrsliip dues for '43 44 are payable to secretary tieasurcr now Membership caids must bo shown at all mettint,^ •—BUTZ Students Any student who lyisheb to woik for the Registrar during the icgistiation for the Nov mbci Term Ni vomber 6 and 6 1943 will I lease leave his nulrtt at the desl 111 the Rcgibtiar a office —STONE Attention Advanced M T s» If you pm chased an August 1941 Debris please come to the Debris office to receive your col y ^ —GRAUMLItiH All Students Tua lie hunt and wiener loast this 1 lid IV cvcni ig at R p m Meet at Tower Room in Uniii —HERD Fraternity Presidents Council Meeting Thursday Octobei 7 at 7 p m in room 103 ot the Union —I AYTON Salesmen For Hi y Fcvei tickets loport to 1 owlei Hall tonight at 4 p m All Students Those who wishes tp usher at Plavshoi Oct her 13 to 16 for p rfoini ance of Hay Fever plei se c ill Playshop and leave youi name with the secretary
—STEFFES
Catalyst Club Initiation tonight at 6 45 at Chemistry Engincerii g building Pledges bring full boaes and towel All actives and pledges must be piesenl —GAUNT Lutherans Bicycle hike will be held Sun day Octobei 10 pxomtlv at 2 p in Meet at Fouler Hall Gall Hilda Gettinger for ai y infoim ition at 4312 —HOLLIDAY Gamma Betas C D D and Section Eight applications must be turned in this week
—NAFUE
Catholic Students There will be a New m 11 Club tea dance Sunday afternoon Oct 10 from 3 30 until 5 in St Mary s Audi toiium Music will be recorded Refresh meats will be solved All Catholic students are cordially invilb 1 There will be no ad mission chaigc —ANDERSON Gimlet Pledges Meet at Stu irt Field at 1 p m to park cars —BUTSCH
Try An Exponent Classified'
IM Schedules FRATERNITY feOPTBALL
Thursday, Oct 7
Diamond
1— Chi Alpha Vs Beta Sigma Psi 2— Iheta Xi vs Kappa Psi 4—Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Phi 6—Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Theta Pi This 18 the final round of games for fra lernitiob btlore going into the play off If fiatermty teams ate interested in going into the finals they should make arrangements to play any postponed games some time duiing this week end Next week the schedule will be made up for the champion ship The facility team is leading and has won every tame Six teams have gone into the play off for Ward softball The first games were played Wednesday evening and teams participating weie Internatunal House Owen Rochdale Circle Pines Waid 12 and Ward 8 The semi finals will be played Monday evening at 6 o clock V 12 and ASTP are both in the middle of play ofts for softball Eight teams from ASTP played Monday evening and Sections B2 D1 C6 and B3 emerged victorious At the close of the schedule for each of the sei vices the champion from each will meet in a game to decide the service champion Notice Basketball practice wjll start Monday, October 18, at 4 p. m. Candidates will be required to furnish their own equipment until d squad is formed —LAMBERT. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Thursday^ October 7, 1943
Riveter Trackmen Meet Indiana Next Saturday
\
Pinal preparations for the last meet of the season against Indiana U, dt Bloomington this Satuiday, are now being staged by the Boilermaker track team Coaches Herman Phrlhps and Homer Allen will com|)ine then teams, cross country and trick, in an effort to attain full strength for the meet, which will consist of five relays and several field events There are a few men who have been listed as probable starters by the two coaches The quarter and half mile relay teams will be chosen from Linblad, Pleatman, Harvey, Fenters and Signis The men most likely to run m the mile relay are Van Deman, Beile, Dettwilei, Me Car thy and Jiorka The field for the
two mile relay and mile team race will be picked fiom Judge, Beile, Exlei, Erickson, Mansfeld and Haines, Klaus, Suciu and Ramsey Although this will be the only outdoor meet of the season for the track squad, the cross country team will continue to run against two more opponents Following Saturday’s meet, they will run against Culver and Wisconsin After the conclusion of the dual meets, the Boilermakers will probably compete in the State meet on November 6 and then the National meet at Michigan State on November 20 Buy War Bonds
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Paper—50c the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 * 511 Ferry Street
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
CEISLCR^
Be Thrifty— LET US DO YDUR SHOE REP/lIflIlVIG eessilis mi niPiUii
W. Lafayette
221 State
Phone 2240
Graves Quality Bakery ^mjL SaocuL and, PoMhiM,
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Main
SoJudthwrfdiA, SMALL ENOUGH m to personalize its set vice to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH P to offer you the largest stock of USEI^ AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
PURDUE FOOTBALL
PURDUE No. Name and Position 74 Bauman, RE 69 Gems, RT 59 Agase, RG 55 DeFilippo, C 21 Barwegan LG 64 Kasap LT 50 Buscemi, LE 33 Vacanti, QB 87 Dimancheff, RHB 89 Stuart, LHB 25 Butkevich, FB
CAMP GRANT No. Name and Position 47 Goldman, RE 48 Coomer, RT 38 Orlando, RG 35 Goldsmith, C 49 Zimny, LG 41 Bentz, LT 37 Huber, LE 36 Tisko, QB 21 Reed, RHB 33 Dewar, LHB 45 Clatt, FB
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
We’ve An Excellent Selection of Spoil Jackets
Leather, Wool Combination, Corduroy and Twills
Also Slacks to Harmonize with Jackets Roger s Men s Wear East Side Square
5- <.4 ^
TONY BUTKOVICH Purdue Pullback
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
Our 24 hour Service is i as Dependable as the Boilermaker Line! Pete Doc Anderson
Purdue ’07 Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
Quality ne Quantity Sandwiches 'sim, otL ihsL Aun,, iksL S(icL, jctn/L SmjsL JmuL! Everything for a College Education DEAL’S