vr 4% ‘ ^ »A
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow. Somewhat warmer tomorrow.
\ Purdue Exponent
Vol. 50 No. 67 THORSDAY December 1. 1938 Lafayette, btdiona
Z-186
14th Welding Conference ®®*' Record Crowd Expected
Will Open Today In Shops
\
Featuring exhibits in the newest types of both gas and electric welding equipment, the fourteenth annual University Welding Conference will open today in Michael Golden Shops. Between five and six hundred welders and students are expected to attend the meetings and demonstrations which will open today at 10 a. m. and will continue till 11:30. Aftei’nOOIl meetings will be held
Chess Team Out To Get Vengeance After I. U. Defeat
from 2 till 4 p. m. and the evening sessions will start at 7 through 10 p. m. Friday’s meetings will be held from 9 till 11 a. m. and from 1:30 to 3:30 p. m. There will be no evening meeting on Friday. Demonstrations
“We are going to tx’y and retaliate from our 4 to 1 defeat at the hands of Indiana here homecoming,” explained Chess Coach Dr. F. D. Martin, head of the chemistry department, last night. “We play the Indiana Chess Association of Indianapolis at 7:30 this evening in the game room of the Union, and unless the boys show better than they did against Indiana we may be looking for a new team.” “Beginners as well as experienced players will be welcomed; a member of last year’s team will teach inexperienced men the finer points of he game,” added the chess coach. Plans will also be made for a winter tournament which will be played in three flights—champion, consolation, and beginner. These matches will go on all winter so that everyone interested can learn to play the game. “These boys from Indianapolis are plenty tough, but we’ll give ’em all we got and you can’t tell what might happen,” finished the Doctor.
This year’s program has been arr^gl^K for users of welding equipment, showing practical advantages for both the small operator, and the manufacturer who does a great deal of welding. Demonstrations in cutting and welding procedures, 'followed by explanations by company representatives, will show “Safety Practice in Oxy-acetylene Welding.” “Distortion Problems,” and many other phases of welding operations.
Many of the demonstrations will be supplemented with motion pictures and talks by speakers from the various companies making the welding equipment. These companies also have exhibits of the newest types of electric and gas welding equipment and supplies.
This conference, which has become annual meeting for the presentation of new equipment, was started several years ago by the late Prof. J. D. Hoffman and his assistants in the practical mechanics department.
Purdue Flying Club
Chemical Society
Lists Fall Pledges
Meet Open To Pilots Having Solo Rating
Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical society, announces the pledging of the following men: ^ H. H. Lurie, J. M. Geist, E. H. Pierson, D. F. Herman, R. G. Goodin, W. E. Catterall, J. M. Ciborski, R. E. Hall, R. J. Schrader, G. Craig, > C. M. Neher, J. Dorsky, F. E. Visscher, A. G. Nelson, R. B. Moore, R. W. Ivett. ^ C. A. Sprang, H. J. Hibshman, P. E. Hardy, J. W. Churchill, R. S. Crog, L. K. Beach, V. J. Anhorn, R. M. Goldrick, J. T. Woods, R. 1. Hoaglin, C. E. Stoops, M. E. Bailey, D. J. Mack, Z. D. Welch, 0. W. Ford, D. L. Johnson, D. R. H. Ewell, Prof. R. F. Newton, Prof. R. L. Farabee, and W. E. Wesner.
Spot landing and bomb dropping contests will be featured events at a flying meet, sponsored by the Purdue Flying Club, which will be held at the Purdue Airport next Sunday afternoon. The meet, open to all pilots witl;i a solo rating, will start promptly at 1 o’clock.
There will be three different events; spot landing directly in the wind from 500 feet with the throt-
tle cut, spot landing from 1,000 feet
making a 180-degree tqrn with the throttle closed, and a bomb-drop-ping contest which will be the dropping of bombs from an altitude of not less than 500 feet on a target on the ground.
Cooperative Houses To Hold Annual Open
Contestants will be given points for scoring in each event, and the three with the highest total points will be awarded prizes. A 25-cent entry fee will be charged pilots entering the contest.
Set Senior Picture
House This Sunday Deadline For Today
, Eleven cooperative houses will f hold their third open house Sunday from 2 till 5 p. m. Sponsored by the Student Cooperative Association, composed of students living in the f cooperative houses, the affair is becoming an annual event. Now two years old, the association boasts a total of eleven houses and 197 members. Any friends of the members or those who are interested in this phase of the coopera- ‘ tive movement are invited to inspect any of the houses on Sunday afternoon. 't The men’s houses are: Rochdale, 216 Waldron; Luma, 1 University; Chauncey, 215 Chauncey; Marwood, ^ 204 Marstellar; Salisbury, 414 Salisbury; Kagawa, 217 Vine; Westminister, 318 North Grant; Wesley, 435% State. The co-ed houses are: ^ Twin Pines, 103 Russell; Ann Tweedale, 123 State; and Brockway, 152 South Grant.
All seniors who have not as yet had an opportunity to order portrait pictures from Dexheimer-Car-lon will have a last chance to do so today when Miss Marge Smith, lepresentative of the studio, will be on the campus for one day only. Orders placed today will be delivered before Christmas. Cards have been mailed to those seniors who have not as yet selected their proofs.
Carolyn Heddrick Wins
Food Preparation Contest
Carolyn Heddrick, of Camden, HE ’42, won an Electrolux at the International 4-H Food Preparation Contest at Chicago. She placed second in the mid-western states.
Tan Kappa Epsiion...
. . . announces the pledging of J. W. Barnitz, Indianapolis, and P. J. < Brennan, Muncie.
Candid Camera Campus Shots
Unlimber those lens, you campus cameramen, and sharpen those eyes . . . for competition opens today in the Sigma Delta Chi contest to find the candid shots of University students most qualified for publication in its annual Exposer. The Exposer, a tabloid newspaper of eight to 12 pages, will be distributed free to couples attending the Boilermakers’ Brawl in the Union ballroom, December 9. Pictures of students in more or less embarrassing positions will form a large part of the contents of the paper. Offer Three Prizes Three prizes are offered this year for the most exposing candid camera shots, and all prints entered will be eligible for publication. First prize for the winning picture, is a Brawl ticket, valued at $1.99%, while two awards of a $1 reduction on the price
of a ticket will go to the two run-ners-up. Bob Vernor and Ronald Creek carried off last year’s Exposer prizes and both students are on the campus today to make competition tough for other amateur candid camera artists.
For Debate Conference
Turn In Dirt Students in the know are asked to submit accounts of humorous incidents involving University students for publication. Both the pictures and the “dirt” may be turned in to Exposer editor Rip Manion or left in his name at the Union desk. Complimentary copies of the tabloid will be given to all students who submit pictures, jokes, or stories worthy of publication—even though they are not prize winners. Tickets for the dance are on sale now at the Union desk, Deac’s, Decker’s, and Southworth’s, and may be obtained from Sigma Delta Chi members.
With 600 high school debaters registered from 50 Indiana schools, prospects for a record-breaking attendance at the ninth annual High School Debate Conference to be held here tomorrow and Saturday, appear more than likely. The last minute rush to register is expected to swell the total above last year’s mark of 805. University speech groups, including the forensics board, varsity, co-ed, and freshman squads, and debate managers are handling all details of the conference under the leadership of Betty Hiner and Bob Carr. Prof. P, E. Lull is conference chairman. —I—11—
Dr. Jacob, Heat Expert, Finishes Lectures Today
Carveth Wells Will
Lecture On African
Adventure At Convo
Extensive Program An extensive program is in readiness. A Big Ten debate, a banquet, a prevue of “Dracula,” a Round Table discussion on their debate subject, and a round of practice debates are in store for the guests. The conference is in preparation for the high school debating season and features a thorough discussion, "pro and con, of this year’s question, “Resolved: That the United States should form an alliance with Great Britain.” Eight hundred special copies of the Exponent are being distributed among the debaters tomorrow and Saturday morning. The complete progiam foi the conference follows:
Dr. Max Jacob, international authority on heat transmission, will end his series of talks here this morning at 9 o’clock in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building with a discussion of “Typical Methods.” l^r. Jacob is a member of the Research Foundation of Armour ,Institute of Technology Chicago.
Yesterday Dr. Jacob spoke twice on the science of heat transmission.
Carveth Wells, British explorer, lecturer, and author will give an illustrated lecture on “Mountains of the Moon,” Monday at 8 p. m. in the Memorial Gym. This lecture dealing with an African mountain range, is one of a series of convo presentations. Trained as a civil engineer. Wells spent one year as assistant professor of civil engineering at London University before being sent to the Malay (peninsula to survey a loute for the East Coast Railway. To Show Movies
11:30 2:15-
3:30-
5:30-
Until 1936 he was scientific advisor of the Society of German Engineers and for a time was editor of the society’s publication. He also served as director of the German government’s laboratory of thermodynamics and hydraulics.
Dr. Jacob’s subjects yesterday were “Fundamental Laws of Heat Transmission,” and “The Decisive Properties of Matter.”
Fotos, Bray Write New German Text
Illustrating the lecture will be the first and only motion pictures of the Ruwezori mountains in equatorial Africa. Wells says that these mountains are excellent places for winter sports despite the fact that they retain their natural wildness. Speaking of Carveth Wells, Lowell Thomas, famous radio commentator, says, “Some people have a flair, a genius, or should we say a mania for seeing the odd, the furious, and the cockeyed. Take, for instance, that roving Britisher, with a wild sense of humor, Carveth Wells.”
Friday
'—Registration, Union Build-
ing.
Debate, Purdue vs. Ohio State on “U. S. Alliance with Great Britain.” Critique, Prof. Cairoll P. Lahman, Western State Teachers’ College, Kalamazoo, Mich. -Banquet, Union ballroom. Address by Dean F. 0. Holt, University of Wisconsin. -Special performance of “Dracula,” Fowler Hall. Saturday -Coaches’ Session. Address by Dr. Ray Immel, dean of the school of speech. University of Southern Cali-
fornia.
10:00—University of Chicago Round Table discussion at
Fowler Hall.
to 3:00—Practice debate toui-
nament.
8:15-
:00-
1:00
Informality, Lambeth WalkToRuleAtWAA
John T. Fotos, professor of modern languages, and John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering of the University, are the authors of a new German grammar for chemists and science students. The book has appeared recently on the market and has met with a very good reception.
Phi Kappa Tau... Masked Ball Friday
. announced the initiation of the following men: Stanley Grand-Gir-ard, Sharon, Pa.; Robert D. Hargesheimer, Rochester, Minn.; John E. Heilman ,Lancaster, Pa.; Richard C. Johnson, Wilmette, 111.; and Richard S. Lukenbill, Gosport.
History Of Debris Beauties Dates Back Over 14 Years
As a state winner in food preparation she was awarded her trip to the International Congress. Her previous training consisted of the planning and preparing 1,949 school lunches over a period of two years for herself, sister, and two brothers.
Back in 1924 the Debris started its beauty section. Since it has been one of the most followed sections ol the book. In 1924 the editor said, “Addinggrace and charm to our beautiful campus, she is even a source of happines.s and inspiration to us; making oui life both here in the University, and out m the world, less prosaic, less monotonous.” That yeai pictures of the candidates were sent to Hollywood, where a masculine favoiite picked four finalists. They appealed in the ’24 book. The following yeai Richard Barthelmess, then the ranking favorite among the females, picked four Purdue beauties. The next year the beauties wei e forgotten, at least as far as the year book went. Chosen For Qualities In ’26, six girls were chosen as to the qualities: classic, Irish, winsome, petite, regal, demure. The next year each sorority and organized house entered five girls for the finals. An Indianapolis artist picked six. This was the first year that a contest was held in the Union ballroom.
In ’29 and ’30, male students, picked at random, chose the beauties. In ’31 Elmer Taflinger, who had made selections for the Ziegfeld Follies, made the choice. He selected six. The following, year four gals were picked. Again in ’34 Taflinger picked the prizes. This time he found four.
Popular opinion has decided in favor of short dresses in preference to long dresses at the WAA Masked Ball tomorrow evening. Informality will be the rule since there were so many objections to the long dress, business suit combination. Couples will be furnished with masks and confetti at the door. Later on in the evening instruction on the Lambeth Walk will be given by Miss Helen Knight, of the physical education department. Bud Bryant will play for this second co-ed bid dance of the year. Tickets are still available at the door of the sweet shop between 4 and 5 o’clock, and in both residence halls. Sorority houses will continue ticket sales until tomorrow.
Eastwood Will Speak
There is no record of the choosing of ’36 and ’37. Those years they had four and eight queens respectively.
To Honorary Tonight
Three Judges And last year Reed Winsey, professor of fine arts at DePauw; Alfred Cole, editor of the 1938 Arbutus; and Paul Hawkins, a commercial artist, chose four queens at a elimination contest held in the Union ballroom. This year a similar contest will be held, but it will be more in the form of a beauty show. The gals are going to practice strutting; perhaps the judges will practice judging. Suggestions for the prospective ’39 Debris queens may be placed in the Debris “beauty box” at the west Union desk.
Saturday Mixer Will
Feature Irvan Maury
Students Vote For
Speech 14 Convo Winner Of Finals
Professor A. H. Monroe, head of the University speech department, introduced the six top rating speech 14 representatives to six imaginary audiences last night at Fowler Hall. An estimated 645 speech 14 students attended the smoothly progressing program lasting about an hour.
A. J. Helme, N. O. Kirkby, F. H. Minger, R. S. Schmitt, J. T. Ryder, and J. E. Day were the representatives introducing the various business proposals. Blackboard drawings and diagrams were included by every speaker and added much to the interest. No classes will be held in speech 14 on the. period following this convocation. All students attending the meeting wrote out a few brief questions on each speaker and finally rated the six speakers in consecutive order. Winner will be announced tomorrow.
Professor K. D. Wood
Will Lecture Tonight
Professor K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautics department, will give an illustrated lecture on “Recent Developments in Aeronautics,” at an open meeting of the Flying Club tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Slides ,eolor movies, some stereoscopic pictures in color, and other pictures taken at the national air races in Cleveland, and at different ail-plane factories that Wood visited during the past summer will accompany the lecture.
Franji To Address
Physics Meeting
Dr. Phillip Frank, professor of theoretical physics, German University of Prague, will address the University department of physics on the subject, “The Role of Metaphysics in the Physics of the Twentieth Century” in the Physics Building lecture room at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow.
Dr. Frank is regarded as one of the leading- authorities on geometric optics and dynamics as well as aero-dynamics. He received his degTee as Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Vienna in 1906. He was appointed successor to Dr. Albert Einstein, at the latter’s recommendation, taking up his duties as Professor of theoretical physics at the German University of Prague in 1912.
Prof. F. R. Eastwood, of the physical education department, will speak on “The Art of Leisure Time” at the opening meeting of Kappa Delta Pi, educational honorary society, this evening at 7:30 in room 201 of the Education Building.
Alumni Will Show lU
Game Pictures Today
Irvan Maury and his campus band will play at the mixer this Saturday in the Union ballroom. Musical entertainment, scheduled to last from 9 to 12 p. m., is at the regular price of one dollar per couple.
Moving pictiu-es of the PurdueIndiana football game will be shown at the meeting of the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association tonight at S' in the Union ballroom. Running description of the plays will be given by a member of the coaching staff. “Piggy” Lambert, head basketball coach, will also give a short talk. All students and townpeople are invited by the association to attend.I f
Pi
\ f '
“ /'' . " I ' ■
f
£diitfdciL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J>aaiuML&^
Thursday, December L 1938
Crowds Grow Larger... ... at a university’s many meetings and functions as that university’s enrollment increases. This University, being no exception, is finding that meetings, social functions and other affairs are becoming far more numerous and are attracting larger crowds. To accommodate this form of growth more space is being provided in the form of additions to the Union Building. Another phase that needs attention now is the equipment required for these more frequent and larger affairs. Perhaps the greatest difficulties at present are those of seeing and hearing. Campus shows are hampered by the lack of proper lighting facilities as are such outdoor programs as the University Sing and summer school stadium plays. Most important, however, is the need for more adequate public address systems. Especially at pep sessions is this necessary. This year no amplifying equipment could be found in Lafayette or West Lafayette to satisfy the needs. Consequently two or three thousand students did NOT hear coaches and players deliver their messages. At the recent Black and Tan Fantasy those in the rear of the room found considerable difficulty in hearing. This happens at innumerable large meetings and banquets held on the campus every year. The University does own a powerful public address system . . . but the expense of its operation and the trouble met in setting it up limit severely its usefulness for student functions and other meetings. This equipment requires the constant attention of two trained men; its speakers must be well mounted; and it requires 110 volts alternating current. It is utterly impossible to use this for pep sessions. The speakers and the trailer that houses the set cannot be satisfactorily set up on the field, and no 110 volt current is available on Stuart field. Use of this University set at meetings and banquets is discouraged by the high cost. Solution of the problem would be easy if funds could be found to purchase two good portable amplifying systems—one large and powerful for outdoor operation, and the other smaller and more suited to banquets and large meetings. Possibly costs could be cut to a minimum by having the electrical engineering school construct the amplifiers.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office i in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Match 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Pnblislied daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally hy carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscriptien $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. 8. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnsiness Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wlckard
Editor Associate Editors..
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bnilding, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Represenlative A2.0 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston • Los Angeles - San Francisco
Night Editor—^Houston Issue EditorThursday, December 1, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
Ownership of apparatus, together with the necessary microphones and loud speakers should go to the Union. Student Union workers trained to operate the equipment could be lent along with it to student or faculty organizations for worthy purposes. Many large lecture classes could use a small amplifier to good advantage. At present one of the chief objections to large class sections is the difficulty of hearing in the farthest rows , . . “P-A” systems could remedy this in short order.
By Betty Wickard
College romance with its inevitable problems of love and econom- , _ — - ics provides the
theme for “Spring Madness,” which will be shown at the Mars today and tomorrow. Maureen O’Sullivan is the New England college sorority girl who calls out the sisters in a manhunt
for Harvard’s fair, ambitious. Lew
Ayres.
Maureen O’Sullivan
Pat O’Brien as a crusading priest and Jimmy Cagney as the hoodlum’s hero fight for the souls of the “Dead End” Kids in “Angels With Dirty Faces,” to be shown at the Mars starting December 3. Humphrey Bogart is the doublecrossing mouthpiece of the underworld and Ann Sheridan is Cagney’s sweetheart.
Ann Shirley and Nan Grey are two seniors in exclusive Magnolia Hall in “Girls’ School,” a story of the romantic dreams and intrigues of girls of high school age to be shown at the Lafayette today and through Saturday. Noah Beery, Jr., and Ralph Bellamy also play leading roles in the picture. —C-C— Cold chills are in store for Luna patrons when they see the horror thrillers, “Dracula” and “Frankenstein,” combined in one super double feature starting today and continuing through Saturday. Bela Lugosi plays Dracula. —C-C— “Trouble at Midnight,” starring Noah Beery, Jr,, and Catherine Hughes which opens at the New Main today is the story of modern cattle rustlers who employ fast trucks and machine guns in their raids on dairy farms and cattle ranches. The lives of six show girls played by Claire Trevor, Phyllis Brooks, Leah Ray, Dixie Dunbar, Lynn Bari, and Jayne Regan, are woven into the story of “Walking Down Broadway,” other half of the double feature.
“Flight Into Nowhere,” a drama of the airways starring Jack Holt, plus Tom iTyler in a western, “Man From Death Valley” will make up the Arc program December 1-3. Chapter two of the “Lone Ranger” serial will be an added attraction.
WE WONDER IF . . . . . . you have noticed the fact that quite a few co-eds are wearing their hair PEGGY DAVIS style. This might be a help to some of you coeds, but we’re not so sure that it’s the hair that gets all those dates for PEGGY. MICKEY UPSURE . . . . . . Theta pledge, has finally gotten over her homesickness. At the first of the year she thought that this place wafe a dump, and she wanted to go home. NOW SHE THINKS . . . . . . that Purdue isn’t such a bad place after all. From right to wrong eh, MICKEY? HERE IS THE . . . . . . chance for you boys that think your girls are the best looking on the campus. Debris Beauty Contest is to be opened to the campus at large. NOW IF YOU . . . . . . want to see your best friend or girl as a beauty just turn her name in at the west desk of the Union.
WE CAN NOT . . . . . . understand why BOBBY RODERICK goes around with DICK STAPLETON. Every time they are out together Dick seems to try his best to show the girl a lousy time. YOU SURE HAVE . . . ... to give Bobby credit for putting up with that guy. FOR THE B & B . . . . . . PROM Platform, all that the committee will allow us to print is the fact that there will be no dancing at the Prom if the B & B party gets in. Members will be pub-
Students, at the State College of Washington really get it in the pocketbooks if they cut many classes before and after holidays. Any classes they cut during a 48-hour period before and after vacations set them back a dollar per class or a credit horn’ if the fine is not paid within 10 days.
SIX-GUN JUSTICE BLAZES ACROSS THE PLAINS!
TODAY - FRI. - SAT
— PLUS The most amazing crime thriller in the annuals of screen mysteries!
2 FIKF 8UH HITS LUMA
FOR DAYS ONLY
Friday and Saturday)
JORDAN BROWN & SONS Wholesale Merchant Tailors Will display woolen fabrics and measure students for
• Suits • Topcoats
• Overcoats • Tuxedos
$22.50
Full Dress Formals Complete at $26.50 in Room 208 FOWLER HOTEL
Jordan Brown 6s Sons
t ,
“Here’s a rush job, Sneed! The chef at the Hotel Nift wants plans for a skyscraper to be-one i frozen sugar and feringue!”
lished at a later date. THE BIG PROBLEM ... . . . now-a-days seems to be what the boys are going to give the little ■ co-ed for Christmas. Be novel and give the present to the girl at home and don’t give the co-ed girl friend anything. You’ll at least get a response. FAMOUS LAST LINES ... ... If money speaks, all it’s got to say is that well known “Farewell Address.”
Stratton Will Speak Plans for the organization of a faculty section of th^ Purdue Women’s Club will be discussed at a buffet supper and meeting tonight at 6 o’clock. This meeting, to be held in the Home Economics lunch room, is for the women members of the University faculty. y Program will include a repoi’t, by Dean Dorothy Stratton, on the conference for education of women which was held at Keuka College, Keuka Park, New York.
(i)Jw ^joMA. GhouL JamifthDuo? TONIGHT WE HAVE OUR FIRST DATE IN SIX MONTHS!
TASTE TIE FEllMNG...LOVmG OF YOUTHFOL, ZESTFUL GIELS!
SilEY-ElY-iELLM
50 BEAUTIFUL STARS OF TOMORROW LJIFini£TU Today - Fri. - Sat.
SHE WOULD! HE WOULDHTI (But These Five Goraeous College Gals Fixed Thatl) Rowdily yours.. .is this dipsydo of college romances! Lew Ayres, hit star of "Holiday", and "Young Dr. Kildare", in his gayest, grandest love adventure!
<-3> ^ D
iV
LEW
AYRES
-WITH-
MAUREEN
OSULLIVAN
RUTH HUSSY — BURGESS MEREDITH —ANN MORRIS
TODAY - - FRIDAYTW
}.i ~ t
1>
Thursday, December 1, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
3 ^
Netmen To Utilize Set Plays With Fast Break Offense
Riveter Coach Will Use 17 Engineers For Varsity Squad Working with one of the smallest, as far as number^ are concerned, hardwood squads in his reign as head basketball coach at Purdue, Coach Ward Lambert sent his charges through a series of semi-set plays yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. The squad working out on the Fieldhouse varsity courts numbers 17 men, while the lemaining members of the squad aie practicing with the freshmen in the gymnasium. Team Members The members of the first squad are Zink, Hutt, Anderson, Yeager, Barsha, Herschelman, Vernon, Dickinson, Beietta, Weber, Lowery, Chambeilin, Bosse, Fisher, Igney, Swaits, and Witsman.
ARC
Today - Fri. - Sat. .MONOGKM' PICTURES Pi’esenlr' Tom TYLER /rA ' AiA^ KDEATIH VALLEY' and
COMING
A Couple of Chiller... .. Dillers!
4 DAYS STARTIMG
MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY NITE tUHA
During the early part of the drill, Lambert sent his squad through a type of set plays that sped the ball through four or five players’ hands until being shot from the vicinity of the foul circle. The offense is entirely new to wearers of gold and black basketball uniforms, and the number of shots finding the net were very few until after an hour and a half of practice on this type of play. And then the lads staited hitting about six out of ten from the foul circle. Uses Set Offenses The fast break game is not entirely forgotten because of Lambert’s new lessons, the set offenses being i:^ed in case some defense throws a wrench in the Boilermaker fast break machmeiy. The passing, footwork, and maneuvering of Gene Anderson and Tommy Dickinson on offense were especially commendable. ^long with the showing veterans Dickinson and Anc the play of Rex Chamberlin, Red Swarts, Bob Igney, Jim Bosse, and Glen Witsman, all sophomores, is encouraging for Purdue followers to watch. Witsman, fotmer Frankfoit athlete during the Frankfort “leign of teiror,” shows promise of developing into a fine “ball feeder.” Sigma Delta Psi... . . . tryouts will be held at 4 p. m. today in the Fieldhouse room 304, according to W. A. Keller, manager in charge.
NOTICE We are very sorry — our telephone was thrown out of commission Sunday evening, November 27 due to trouble from main office, preventing many deliveries to our many customers. So we are again pleased to deliver any reasonable order TRIPLE XXX
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling In Our Adult Advanced Class Tonight 7:30 P. M. Indiana’s Largest Dancing School Ph^ne 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
MAid
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Like Larry Blake—Tough Yet Lovable
Jim Mann Defeats Goldstein To Capture \ All-Campus Badminton Championship Jim Mann, fighting desperately to defeat Hy Goldstein, scored two points in the final game of their match yesterday to win the annual allcampus badminton tourney. Scores for the games were 15-11, 8-15, and 18-16. After losing the first match to favored Mann, Goldstein broke thiough with a win in the second contest 8-16. The outcome of the last game was one of the stellar badminton matches of the season. An overtime was required and to suffice the battle, Goldstein faltered under the steady driving offense of Mann. Mann’s win yesterday was his second successive championship in the University. He defeated Bill Bilings, instructor and coach of the badminton team, last year.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Today Court 1 J Kurtz 7 00—Theta Chi vs Theta Xi 7 ‘15—Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Nu 8.26—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Beta Sigma
Psi
8 40—Triangle vs Tau Epsilon Phi Court 2 • C. B Luce 7 .00—Pi Kappa Phi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 ‘16—Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Gamma Rho 8 26—Delta Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 8 40—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Sigma
Kappa
Couit 3 F G Witsman 7 00-—Phi Kappa vs Phi Delta Theta 7 16—Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi. 8 26—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma
Delta
8 40—Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Upsilon. TOUCHBALL
Today
Field Official 10—^Theta Chi vs Winner (Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kappa Sigma). Luce 12—Winner (Phi Pi Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon) vs. Winner (Sigma Chi vs. Phi
Kappa Tau).
Berry
/ It looks like a telephone switchboard — actually it’s a Teletypewriter exchange switchboard. Through such boards—located in 160 cities and towns— already more than 11,000 subscribers to Teletypewriter service are being inter-connected. Subscribers carry on 2-way typewritten communication across the street or across the contipent. Whatever is typed on the sending machine is reproduced exactly, instantly, at the other end of the wire. When you join the business world, you’ll find many progressive companies use Teletypewriter service. Speeding the written word—as the telephone speeds the spoken word—it is one more Bell System contribution to business efficiency.
ItELU TELEPHONE SYSTEM
f
ielder’s... ... choice
Mihal Invited To Play In East-West Game Joe Mihal, stellar tackle of the ’38 Boilermaker forward wall, received a telegram yesterday from Coach Bernie Bierman, mentor of the East team that will meet the West team in the annual Christmas Day classic in San Francisco, Cal., asking him to be a participant.
SQUASH Today Court 1 7 00—Sigma Chi 8 00—Pi Kappa Alpha 9 00—Delta Tau Delta Court 2 7 00—Sigma Nu 8 00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon Couit 3 7 00—Sigma Phi Epsilon 8 00—Sigma Alpha Mu
By Bruce Witwer There have been a lot of bowl games springing up around the country here of late . . . the Rose Bowl success was too good a chance to cash in on for the grid promoters to pass up . . . all we need now is a Gravy Bowl classic to finish everything off. —fc— So Texas Christian is slated to meet Carnegie Tech in the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans . . . circumstances recorded in the past show that the Horned Frogs of the South narrowly escaped not having a football team at all. —^fc— In 1898, Texas Christian, then just an also-ran college at Waco, was offered a permanent endowment of $2,000 if it would never play another game of football ... although this proposal was rejected, opposition was so strong that only one game was played in 1899 and none at all in 1900 . . . now they’re playing their second time in the Sugar Bowl after coming through a tough season with flying colors . . . 2,000 dollars could have changed the aspect of things considerably. West Side Opens Season With Win Leon Dailey’s West Side netters offset a last half rally by the Remington Riflemen to win their opener, 33-28, in Jefferson Gym last night. Leading 17-7 at the half, West Side saw Remington come back strong at the start of the second half. Stiff offensive play by Bob Riley and VanCamp pulled the Red Devils out in front. In the “B” game. Remington downed the West Side seconds, 15-10.
Matmen Conclude Campus Tourney One of the most heated wrestling cards for all-campus honors ever contested here at the University was finished yesterday afternoon with many promising future Boilermaker matmen making their appearance in the meet. The highlight of the wrestling tournament was the heavyweight battle, which saw 207 pound A1 Rossi, varsity football tackle, defeat his “little” brother, Italo Rossi, a tackle on the freshman squad, weighing 267 pounds. In the 118-pound class, Fuetz and Saffoid waged a terrific battle before Fuetz topped Safford. The results: 118-pound class. First, Fuetz; second, Safford; third, Boyd. 126-poiind class. First, Fredeucks; second, Beikheiser; third, Anderson. 135-poiind class: First, Roache; second, Allman; third, Sahaff. 145-pound class: First, Malmqiiist; second, Papuicia; third, Johnson. 155-pound class: First, Pauline; second, Huston; third, Tyirell. 166-pound class: First, Post; second, Jensen; third, Montgomery. 175-pound class: First Ruggieri; second Browp; thud, Camperman. 190-pound class: First Toth; second, Aronsen; third, Schriber. Heavyweight (no limit): First, A1 Rossi; second, Italo Rossi; third. Means. Alpha Chi Omega Wins Co-ed Bowling Tourney Alpha Chi Omega sorority last night won the Student Union sponsored co-ed bowling tournament from the Independents by 81 points. Members of the winning Alpha Chi team were Grace Reinhart, Betty Brasaemie, Eleanor Smith, Mary Jane Dietiich, and Mary Riley.
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL Three 8x10 Photographs $5.00 Make Your Appointment- Now r
Hinea’s
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
1500 3 tor Wt • rot l^andkerc for the b ^ Bconomy other uses. TW 500 tissues 644 boxes of jcksge of Don-t fo'S*' Kleenex foe *e css.
LO EB & H C NC COMPANY Main Floor
JUNIOR PROM • Bennie Burns • Bill Dunshee • Lloyd Farquhar • Vincent Hruby (Ind.) • Margaret Mitchell (Ind.) • Ralph Reiley (Ind.) • Frank Schleicher
Vote Progressive
GALA WEEK • Fred Baase (ind.) • Martha Baker (Ind.) • Verle Farrow (Ind.) • Ralph Mahy (Ind.) • Stubby Meier • Dale Schinbeckler> r
3[oad. CMa.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TioJtkaA.
Thursday, December 1, 1938
l") 00 n 1 1 ’ ^0 1 11
no \ m
4 00 1 m 4 00 I n 4 3(1 0 m 4 iO 1 m 4 4 p 111 6 15 p m 6 16 p ni • 6 15 p m f 30 4 ni - r 30j ni f 30 1 m - h 45 p PI
00 1 111 -
t 00 p ni —!
30 p IP
b 00 p PI
8 li p PI - 8 15 p PI 8 30 p IP - 9 00 i5 IP 0 00 p IP t 30 j, in in 00 1 n 10 It p IP 10 30 p ni ■ 10 30 p Pill 30 4 ni - 11 00 1 ni 11 00 p PI - 11 00 4 PI
—THURSDAY — Hit Reiiie WCFI Lnnchi ii Dane Time WBAA liitcrpational Lii stock Show WFNR Make Bolitit D ipcelaiid
MCFL
Concert Miniature IVMAQ Tea tiPi t t WFBM Ipt rnati nl I 'e tock Show
MLM
Samuil Watkins oichostra
WGN
\ocal \aiieties WIRE WLW WMAQ The camera talks WBBM -Tar concert oicheatia WGN -Toi Pennii b progiam WFBM WBBM Eiinio BoIoKiiini s orchestra WENR ■Dick Gas4>arrc s orchestra
WIRE
Four stars toniprht WMAQ -Rudi Vallee s variety hour
WIRE WLW WMAQ
Kate Smith s hour WTBM
WBBM
Rochester philhaimonic con Good News of 1930 Joe Blown as Ruest WIRE WMAQ WLW cert WLS -Tar concert orchestia WGN Eiinio BoIoRPii 1 s orchestra
WENR
-Ameiicas town meeliPR of the air WENR Kraft Music Hall starring Bipr Crosbj WIRE WMAQ WLW Concert Revue WGN Make Believe Danceland
WCFL
Vine nt Lope? orchestra
WBBM
Ennio BoloRnini orchestra
WENR
-^Hal Kemps oichestia WGN
WIRE
-Cab Callov iv oicht tia WFBM -Lou Bi ee e t rche ti a WMAQ Sammy Kaves oichestra WBBM WFBM -Little Jacl Little orchestia
WGN
Moon River WLW
Modem dance is coming into its own at Minnesota with all of four eds voluntaiilv taking it with the aim to secuie membeiship in Oichesis modern dance club We can understand it w hen the Temple footballers Ateie lequiied to take such a comae But men taking it of then own fiee will, well that’s anothei matter
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Roval No 10 typewriter Pica type Excellent condition Only $27 60 Bob DuFon 51204
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Purse between Oakland Hill and Doyle Beauty Shop Reward Pljone 75381 MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—All makes standard and portable sold purchased rented and
Most of the Items on Your Christmas Gift List are Here! • • • SMART LADIES’ GLOVES Plain and fanc> stitched m pigskin and leather suede and kid combinations—also plain kid $1.98 to $2.98 COLORFUL LADIES’ SCARFS Lovely creations for sophisticated young ladies Ascots —plain and printed, also white A much appreciated gift 59c and $1.00 TOPPERS In materials of satin and crepe Smart colors of rust, blue, green, black and w'^hite $1.00 THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main street
Club Forum meeting Thursday December 1 in room B of the Union at 4 p m —KASSER
Notices
All Sophomore Union Workers Important meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Thursday December 1 at 4 p m BOARD
Riflcry Thursday December 1 Pedahon and Phi Mu at 6 16 Chi Omega at 7 Kappa Alpha Theta at 7 46 makeup at 8 30 SMITH Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Sunday De cemhei 4 at 4 30 p m in loom B of the Memorial Union Building AYASUN Battery F 1 The following men repoit at the Fieldhouse at 7 80 p m Thursday December 1 for swimming piactice Wag ner Pavne Hunt Boedeckei Major Grey Hale Fox Biannei Dangelmajer Wilson Chapin Compton and Walley All others interested are requested to call 6 9 —HOBBS WAA Volleyball Tournament Waid 1 vs Ward 4 Thaeles vs WRH South Pi Phi vs Pedahon Thursday Decembei 1 at 4 1) m —SWICK
Activity Movie Will the following photog laphers and workers please attend meeting in main floor reception room of the Union at 4 p m Thursday Decembei 1 Hedden Milner Wundeiley Dewitte Moss FitiS Gustafson Steimock Viener and Ralston —LUTZ
Cheerleaders All prospective cheerleaders please repoit to Fieldhouse tumbling room Thuisday December 1 and Friday December 2 at 4 p m —MEIER Union Sophomores Will the following girls please come to the Union office Thurs day December 1 at 4 p m Ellen Boyd Jeanne Chandler, Mary Fisohei Pelen Fleming Thelma Goodman Lena Hibbs Bonnie Ketcham Ona Moriison Mary L Nourse and Caroline Shaw —CREPPS
Military Ball Committee Important meeting Thursday Decembei 1 at 4 p m in room 202 of Aimoryi* Bring reports —TREECE
Union Sophomore Girls Picture for the Debus will be taken on Thuisday Decern her 1 at 7 40 p m in the tower room of the Union —CREPPS
Christian Fellowship Hour Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday December 1 at 30 p m All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK Motorcycle Club Meet in room A of the Union Thursday Decembei 1 at 7 p m —STRIEBY Newman Club Regulai weekly Newman
ASME Members Get youi pins and mem bership cards fiom G A Youngs office this weol (12 3) —CLUTTER Tau Beta Pi Debus pictures will be taken Thuisday December 1 at 8 p m in the Union tower loom —SMITH Purdue Engineer The following men re port to Hart in the Engineer Office Thurs day December 1 at 4 p m Layson Fish ei Ference Botsfoid Ely Mossberg Sief ger Kimmel and McChntock —FELIX
Skull and Crescent Meeting Thursday December 1 at 7 30 p m room C of the Union Cotillion committee will be an nounced —HALL Alpha Lambda Delta Important meet ng Thursday, December 1 at 7 16 p m in room B of the Union Plans foi year to be definitely decided upon —BURNHAM
NYA WorkeiB Checks for the period end. ing November 16 1938 are now available m the Cashiers Office in the Executive Building (12 3) —HOLLENSBE
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting Thursday December 1 at 7 30 p m in room 201 of the Education Building All members please be present —FELDMAN
Scrivener Bring all outstanding subscriptions to Dr Sutcliffe or myself by Saturday December 8 Don t forget the cash —PAARLBERG
Student Union Board Jumoi board meet mg Thursday December 1 at 4 30 p m Please be there —CREPPS
CB 6 (Surveying) Examination for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 201 on Satuiday December 3 at 1 p m Get ptimits in CE 102 —POTT
TRUE or False Would you say a cleaning service that protects your garments against moths (at no extra charge) was most preferred? Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed in the same operation by MONITE moth-proof process.
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
L
The holiday season means dancing and you will want to look your most romantic. Never before were formal fashions more enchanting than this season. Come to Palais Royal to select the latest fashions.
Phone 5900
415 Main Street
ME 61, ME 62 Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 801 on Saturday December 17, at 1 p m All who wish to take this make up must see me not later than December 10 —BINDER
work may be obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse (12 3) —SANDERS
CE 21 The examination to remove the grade C m CE 21 will be given in room 301 of the CE Building on Saturday December 3 from 1 to 4 p m Please consult me in advance —SONESON Riding Club No meeting this week Debris picture will be taken Thursday December 1 at 7 p m in tower room of the Union —SUMMERS Mortar Board Picture will be taken Thursday Decembei 1 in women s lounge at 4 30 p m —WOOD
Dolphin Club Debris pictures will be tak en Thursday December 1 in the tower loom of the Union at 7 30 p m All members please be present in proper dress —CARR
Fraternity Presidents’ Council Dinner meeting Thuisday December 1 at 6 00 p m at the Phi Kappa house Please be prompt —DEAN
Recreational Swimming Open swim fbr women Thursday December 1 7 30 9 p m Instruction if desiied Y —YEAGER
Ushers and Police Pay for football game
Men’s Bowling Games for Thursday, December 17pm Triangle vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa, 9pm Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Sigma Psi Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha ’ —WILLIAMSON
Debris Picture Sittings Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room at times shown \ belo\^ Appear promptly' Schedules must be maintained
Thursday, December 1 7 00—Riding Club i 10—Debate Managers ( 20—Cary Hall Officeis 7 30—Dolphin Club 40—Union Sophomore Women 7 50—’Tau Beta Pi
ROYAL ROUTABLE FOR
CHRISTMAS
Here’s the gift that will not only make a hit on Christmas morning, but grow in value through the years’ Handsome, sturdy—with many of&ce-type-writer features—give a Royal and you give the best. ONLY A FEW CENTS A DAY Easy terms: Monthly payments figuring as little as a few cents a day FREE NOME TRIAL—Try a new Royal Portable at home No obligatioo. Just ask us.
FOR STUDENTS Help them in their homework with this aid to qmcker thinking, clearer expres-
sion.
FOR THE FAMILY Everybody will use It—father in the evenings, mother for her correspondence.
ROYAillr^PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS
DECKERS
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
'"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C' CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SI^TE SHARPENING PhQpdz291 State-Main, W L
• Printing
[PRINTING Office Slaltonery , ^ Q 1 W(eddlns InvIUtloni ■ Salei Booki, Elc. . PHONE ^ A COITI *C ^ 2628 CAS,>EL b 408lrERRy
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks door locks desk locks night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles ac cessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209 11 N 5th St Phone 2828
• Dine FRANK'S PLACE Where You Save Money on Good Food We Never Close 111 Vine Street West Lafayette
t '