^ -1 ^ v,;u \i / '• r , Published Daily By VOLUME XLVII ^ LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1936
Ki
' ^ «K If'” '
Employment Lectures To Begin Soon
Administratioh Building
President Elliott To Deliver First Address On February 6 Resuming its efforts to assist graduates in securing employment, the University is again sponsoring a series of lectures designed to help fill that gap between graduation and regular employment. All seven meetings of the 1936 employment lecture program will be held in the Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. The first of these weekly addresses will be given February 6 by Pres. E. C. Elliott, on the topic “Friendly Breaks”. The following Thursday, David E. Ross, president of the University board jof trustees, MU discuss “Success” and how R is jweasured.; ®lar^ 12, Dr, Idlliati Mi Uilbrethv MnsUlt^ New Yoidc City Und the fiml spe «r in this series vrho is cohhected with the University, will idiSciiss “Techniques of EffectivMess’% Other Lectures - The remairiihg foUr lectures will he given by omen who are iromifi«nt iti ihe industoial Wprld. A- ,GPhillips, sales manager of ^llied Mills, Inc., Chicago, yirill tell the uuder graduates “What the EmployT er Expects of the College Graduate” on February 20. The next week, W. R. AllM, director of personnel of the L.S. Ayres Co., in Indianapolis, will lecture on “Letters of Application and the Interview”. M. E. Coyle, , president of the Chevrolet Motor Co., Detroit, will address- the students March 5 on “Opportunities That Lie Ahead”. The concluding address will be given on March IV, by C. L. Harrod, president of the Indianapolis Light and Power Co-, on “Finding Employment”. The entire series of lectures will be open to air students and faculty members. However, there will be a center section on the main floor reserVed for seniors.
The new Student Service and Administration Building now under construction on the University campus is shown above. The building, which will be 230 feet long and 70 feet wide, will fill a long felt need on the campus, housing the offices of many campus officials. Walter Scholer^ Lafayette, is the architect and A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette, the contractor. The new $350,000 building, which will consist of three stories^ a ground floor And a suh-basenient. Mil be ready for occupancy January i, 1937.
Freshmeti Elect Ten To Student Senate Engineers Choose Co-ed;. Sckolasiic ineligibMU^ Reduces List Of Candidates Ten members of the freshman class were elected to the Student Senate during the two-day period of registration for the present semester. Although the elections were executed
the ten freshmen will become regular members of the Sen-
ate.
The following students were chosen to represent their rekpeqtiVe: schools ^r tka^mfirent s^ mester only: agriculture^C. G. Elliott; engineering—S. H. Gutting, Marquerite Call, J. H. Jacobi, W. B. McEachron, R. Mv Sasser; home ecqnpiifiics—-Mary Wien; pharmacy ---0. C. Goan; physical education-^ J. Mihal; scienc<^Martha Wood. The above; MR attend the ^ first iheetiug: of the Senate next TuCsRayv '-V- ' "
an WiU Play For Greek Ball Dance Lasts From 9-1; Co-eds Granted 2 A. M. Hoiirs' V--
Home Economics Group Fublishes:'News Letter The current issue of the Indiaua Home Economics Association News Letter, edited by Miss Ruth Jordan, of the school of home economics at the University, is just off the press and is in the process of being niailed to members throughout the state. Prof. Laura B. Hadley, of the University department of education, is now president of the Indiana Home Economics Association. She was elected to the presidency last fair at the annual meeting in Indianapolis.
ts Modern Headlines With today's issue, a new system of headlines is introduced in the Exponent makeup. The new plan: wiR eliminate the necessity of counting out the length of each line sp that it will fit evenly in the column, nnd win elimihate the standard rsynonyms that have been used for so meny years as alternatives in “making it fit”. The headlines aim at simplicity—-to say vvhat is necessary to title the story and ho more. The several large papers in the country still maintain their rigid standards of the counted headline, but the progressive trend in modern newspaper make-up is toward the eliminaiioh of extra words and easier reading. The change was definitely decided upon at the Exponent hoard meeting which was held the Mst part of the old Semester, hut it is in effect only as a trial toward improvement. It will become permanent only ■whep enough favorable comment is expressed to eliminate definitely the old style head.
700 Attend Rbad Sehpdl .JFive'^ay' S^udl Closes
Friday M
With a total attendance of nearly 700 despite sub-zero; weather, the 22nd annual Road School at the University came to a“ clMe last Friday morning with four separate sessions for the cooperating groups. The five-day school, which opened January 20, included^ an exhibit of road materials and equipment in the Armory, which was open to the public last week. Paul V. McNutt, governor of Indiana, and Pres. E. C. Elliott, of the University, w:ere the principal speakers at the annual banquet on Thursday night. Other prominent speakers were presented during the various sessions ■mth discussions following most of the talks. David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees; Lieut. F. M. \|Creml, director of the Public Safety Institute; Donald F. Stiver, state safety director; and James D. Adams, chairman of the Indiana, State Highway Commission, were among the speakers,
Worley Speaks
In one of the main addresses Thursday, John S* Worley, professor of transportation engineering at the University of Michigan, dis cussed “Who Should Pay For Our Highways?” In answer to this question. Professor Worley sthted that those who benefit from their use should pay for them. He discussed the uses of state, county, and township road systems, laying particular emphasis bn their rela tive value to resident and driver, O. E. KelVie, Muhcie, was elected president of the County Road Supervisors’ Association at its business meeting here, while C. Dana Ward, Indianapolis, was elected to head the -Highway Materials and Equipment Association.
GapLHaskms Attends Meeting At Colninbia CapiMn Geoi^e W. Hask^ fessor bf aeronautical engineering at the Univei-sity, left Tuesday for New York City, where he will attend the fomth annual meeting of the Institute of ' Aeronautical ScienMs to be held in the Pupin Physics Laboratories at Columbia University January 29, 30, and 31. Professor Haskins spoke last Monday noon before the Kiwanis club at Frankfort on “Development and the Influence of Air Transpor-
tation”.
84 Students PaTts In ^^Gariiiita”
Get
Northwestern Students Ask Course On War Evanston,, 111.—(ACP)—^Although the budget committee of Northwesteirn University has declared that because of the already large deficit, hd new cpurses can be added to the curriculum, students here are pressing for a segond-semester course on war. The purpose of the course, plans for Mich originated last year, wduld be to make a scientific investigation of war as a human institution and a study of the best methods of prevehtion^ It would involve the politicnl> economic and psychological causes of international conflict. Instruction would probably bd provided by members of the various departments who would be grilling to give their services without paM ■ ' ' At the University of Chicago a similar course is being contemplated, according to Prof. Quincy Wright, head of tke political sci;enOe department.
F. K. Howard Will Conduct [First Discussion On Religion student discussion groups w^ll have their first meeting of the year next Thursday night at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, it was decided at an organization meeting yesterday afternoon. Differing from the general plan of previous years, there Will be no discussion leader, but instead there will be some interested member of the group selected to act as “referee”, in case one is necessary. P. K. Howard, science junior, will be in charge of the forum next Thursday when the various forms of religion, ancient and modern, will be used as the subject for discussion. A tentative schedule of topics includes such subjects as foreign affairs, philosophy, governmental control, religions, ethics and
literature.
No definite program will be compiled, but rather it is planned to let the immediate group select the subject in which it is most interested. The discussions, which are being forwarded as a project of the Student Union, are open to all University students. Highway Safety Guides Ready For Distribution Twenty-five copies of a booklet, “Guides to Highway Safety” were left at the;Union desk yesterday for distribution among member^ of the student body. TheM booklets, sent to the Exponent for distribution, are published by the Institute of Government, Chapel Hill, N. G, and contain valuable data fbr those who are interested in the construction of highMys.
Tryouts for the Student Union show “Garhiita” began Tuesday afternoon and Mil continue through tomorrow and Saturday. Approximately 60 students have reported to the tower room of the Uniott during the last two days and approximately 100 more are requested to try out for either a place in the chorus or the cast befote the entries close Saturday afternoon. According to present plans, a total of 84 students Mil be used in the production, excluding the handling of the properties Mich MU he taken oyer by the Student Union Board. A cast of twelve will be selected after the final tryouts Saturday. Kenn Carmichael, of the English department, will serve as director of dramatics with A1 Stewart in charge of all choral work.
EXPONENT STAFF
All members of the editorial, co-ed and spoirts staffs Mil meet iu room 1, Meniorial Union Building, at 1:30 SatUrduy afternoon. Second semester working assignments MU he made at that time, A fuU at^ tendance is expected., 7.;:HEUSER.- ■:
Concert Choir ; WUl Give Series Of Frr^grams- . Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the University Concert Choir of 22 voices and the University Choir of 78 voices wiU be Heard at various concerts during February and March. Tuesday evening, February 4, the Concert Choir will appear at the Indiana State Pastors Convention in the First Baptist church, Indianapolis, at 8 o’clock. February 9 it will be heard at the First Methodist Episcopal church at South Bend in the afternoon, while in the eve ning it will sing at the Trinity Methodist Episcopal church, also in
that city.
Huntington February 23 the Concert Choir will appear at the Huntington Episcopal church and later the same day at the First Methodist Episcopal church, Fort Wayne. March 1, at 7 o’clock, the choir, will be at the Zoins ville Methodist Episcopal church, ZoinsViUe, The larger body of voices, the University Chbir, MU be heard at Ihe convocation for worship, addressed by Riabbi Abba Hillbl Silver, at 10 :30 o’clock Sunday morning, oh Feb. 16, in FoMer Hall. Later the same day the University 0hoir MU appear at the Central Presbyteriah church, Lhfayette. ; The choir will be hearR again bn, Sunday hioMngj March 16j at the ConMcation for worship at Mich time Dr. Ralph Marshall Dayis> pastor of the Church of the Coven* ant, at Erie, Pa., will speak. E, L, F6ste#), G. E. ’82, has accepted a position as desighing engineer Mth the Haliiday Steel Gompahy, bf Rndianapolie. He was fpr<M>imed»d Mtk the bridge I department of the state highway I eoihiuissieh. ;
Rill Hogan and his fourteen pieeb prehestrai a gM trip, Mb a^ s^
'rhe usual indifferent attitude' pf b® featured as the, musical at-
tractiens fer the Men’s Ihterfrater-
students teWards University electiens w^s displayed by the class ef 1939 despite the efferte ef members pf the electipiis; cbrnmittee ef the Senate te ebtain a mere Mdespread interest, A tetal ef appreximately 600 students polled their votes. Forty-three freshmen were nominated for the Senate December 19, but the nUmber Was reduced by the ineligibility of a few of the candidates. Scholastic ineligibility of two of the candidates resulted in their eplacement by the candidate having the next highest humber of votes in their particular schools.
/Officers /Will Interview Engineeriiig Students Eleven University students, out of a list of thirty-three from Various midwes tern colleges, have completed preliminary training at the Great Lakes, lUinois, Navel Reserve aviation training station during the last year, according to word received beCently by Prof. George W; Haskins, head of the department of aeronautical engineering. These Purdue students have been recommended for further training at Pensacola, Florida. Similar opportunities will he offered to students this year. Lieuts, Hi B. Butterfield and E. L. Johansen, from the aviation base at Great Lakes, Illinois, will be at the University in the near future to interview a limited number of engineering students who apply for admission to the first classes. ; ■ Glasses; ' ^ The first of the five classes which will train next summer at the Naval Reserve Aviation Base at Great Lakes, MU start about May 15. Applicants ibay apply at this base for the first classes March 7th and 14th and April 18th and 25th at 9 a. m. The Only difference in requirements for the coming year from those of last year is that the age limits are changed to 20 to 27,; instead of 18 to 27. Application blanks and information may be obtained from the office of Professor Haskins.
nity Dance Mich Mil be held Friday night, February 7, it ^was'announced yesterddy by N. C. Michels, social chainhan of the FratemiW Presidents’ Council, Tbie daneb y^ be from 9 to 1 o’clock, And W. S. G. A. has given special perihissioti to allow 2 o’clock hoiirs Tot: M-efe. Hogan, booked tlMugh the Eenhaway Agency of Chicago, combs from California Mth a praiseWotthy reputation as an /ehtertaiaeri His orchestra has fbmishbd i the musical back^ound for 35 pictures and has played extended engageniente at the ERgewater Beach hotel in Chicago, and Other Tdptdat places./'. ' ■ /.; " ■ Tickela- . Tickets for the affair are riOw on sale at the book stores and at the Union desk at $2.00 bach. TiCkbfe will be distributed tomorrow to Die various fi-aternity preSiRehts, dbcording to Biin ComptOn, chairman of ticket sales. The new tempordry north wall in the Union ballroom will necessitate a strict obseryahce of limited ticket sales if the crowR is to be kept down to a “danceable” size.''; , Although no plans for decorations have been announced, the two members in charge, Challis and Harper, placed the several entries in the contest for the complimentary ticket vmder consideration, dnd production will begin the latter part of the week. The decorations will be made by the Student Union.
Couples Slide Chute To Prdlic Toiuor row ’The second annual Newman club “BarnyarR Frolic” will be held tomorrow hight in the Memorial Union hdllrophi from 9 till 12 o’clock. Orval Wray and his campus orchestra will play. Couples wifl be expected to come dressed as farmers Mtb “overalls”, timothy straws, aqd all that goes with them. Couples will enter the ballroom down a long slide which MU be erected to the balcony on the. south end; The main features of -last year’s frolic which prhved a success MR be employed a^in this-jpear. Tickets are priced at $1,08. The eight cents added to the regular mixer price wUl be used io pay tbe ^huisame. tax,-'
Kmtting Onb To M Tonight In Unibii New members will he especially welcome at the initial second semester meeting of the Knitting club, to be held in the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7. Mrs, Link, who has been present at all previous meetings, MU again help knitters and special attention will be given beginners. The organization is being sponsored by Dorothy Kuehn, Union vice president.
99
'Rolling: Stoha StarfA Today “Rolling Stone”, a feature column by A. D. Bradbury^ ScL ’36, begins in tins issue of tb®) Exponent unRer the heaffing “Contributor’s Colimin” and MU continue in subsequent editions. The articles were not Written expressly for the Exponent; but Were turned in as signments in Prof. J. H. McKee’s class in advanced composition. After toRay; the a^ticlos wRt Appear unRer ttieir originaj title, but the column wiU continue as a contributorq’eqtuhin, all stnRents boiBg wMteR to submit articles for publication.
L. Tv Ke(Me,:U...B,'-’RS^.bas :ro-,; signed Ris position with the brid^ desi^ gttmp of tbe state Rigb^ib# commission, located in the Civil F^ineering Building, to accept a, position as engineer Mth the City Planning Commission, of Evana* 'Vilk^'^lndiabft;
% i F
.,- Thib, PuTRPufi Exi>&NBN;rV:;':>, J ; ,; ’ J,^. 80,193; ..^
tE^fie $urbtte exponent
JPoithd^idi in 1883
tel
. .198S-19a6- ; ^ Mteiiilieir Associated Gollogiate Press Distributor of ; ^ CODDBGSATE DIGEST:
iiii
lr*’i‘ • I'’’-.
I
j I
Moniber of NaGonnl Ck»nego Press AModstion. Big Ten Editorial ASsodatton ExdnSively Kepiesented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 429 Madison Avenne, New Yori; City ^ ^ ^ ^
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliverirf by inMir $8.60 per year; delivered by carirjer, $2.60 pey year; sold by siiigle copy, 8 cents.
Business Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Dail^ Student Publication of Purdue Uhiversity
Editor^in-Chief.. Managing £Mitor„ Associate Editors..
EDITOBSAL STAFF . : „
......H. V. Heuser ..C. H. Gampbdl
...„A. M. Chasteen, Ci M. Hardin, 'W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther H. E. Hays ;.D. F. Mull; B. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood
Sports Editor.
Associate Sports Editors -r -r^ ^
Sophomore Assistmits.... .........E. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Gribb, A. H. Forstor,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R, P. Manion, D. M. Meapham, C. L. Sadler
G. F. Boduemore, R. O. Schenck, J. L. vonHarz
Bold and Black Editor....„.. W. R. Abbott
Thursday, January 30, 1936.
Issue Editor—J. E. Brock.
A Reading Test Determined to discover how good a reader we are or, (equally likely) we are not, for the past month we have been, haunting Dr. Otis C. Trimble with sinister intent, hoping to inveigle him into allowing us to test bur reading aidli|^: on istbscbpe-chrbnQ^cipe apparatus of which he is the co^nventpr with R. R. Towsley, of Jlie bchb^ bf elei;trical engineering. ^
Taking Inventory At the beginning of the second semester, the half-way point in the school year, the Exponent, along with other campus organizations, should take inventory of the past five months and survey what has and what has not been done^ Financially, the Exponent is better now than it has been during the last several years. Increases in^revenue from both the advertisers and subscribers along with the aid of the University have abolished the use of the red ink in the ledger which started in the depression year of ’31. Circulation drives during the first part of the year gainei scribers that were heretofore unknown. Effort has been made to increase the interest and readability of the editorial material, but it is only for the reader to judge accomplishments. With this issue, the Exponent adopts a new system of headlines, the “no-count” line which eliminates the necessity of counting out the headline so that it will fit for the given width and type size. It does away with the aged-in-the-wood adjectives that have appeared in newspapers since their origin. With the adoption of the new system Of headSj the Exponent has the most modem makeup Imown to typesetters. The type mass is set in clear and readable print and the headline is set in capitals and lower case letters—a system that breaks up the words and makes for easy reading. Several other changes come with the second semester. “Rivets,” by J. N. Davis, will no longer be a regular feature. Davis will continue his studies at Indiana University and will contribute only occasionally as a “foreign correspondent.” Comparisons with our friendly enemies should prove of inestimable interest. “Bold and Blafek” is now and always has been the most criticized of Exponent columns. But, too, it is also the most read. In an effort to improve this department, two “Stooges,” sophomores or juniors, will be selected to serve as assistant editors under the present editor. Constructive criticisms by readers are the best means by which improvements can be made. With this in mind, the present staff urges readers to submit their opinions for future changes. It also urges that both students and outside readers submit opinions for publication so that “Readers’ Opinion” may become a continuous forum on controversial subjects.
Nation-wide campaigns to stamp out the death toll of traffic accidents have aimed at only the promotion of saner driving and the more strict enforcement of traffic regulations, and never has it touched on the possibilities of eliminating “the massacre” through diverting the traffic to a safer mode of transportation. The railroads hold ihore potential life-pre-serving possibilities than directed campaigns could ever hope to accomplish. After the more progressive car and truck industry had diverted a huge portion of the profits of transportation from the rails, the railroad companies began to learn that they must fight for business—the monopoloy Was gone. There was ah awakening of research in this field and there emerged the air conditioned coach, the salon, modernistic designs in interior decorating, faster schedules, extra services, and a host of additional conveniences. Railroads seemed to take on a new life after a stagnant age. If a few modernized lines can be taken as forerunners for the future of the entire network of railways crossing the country, traveling will evenutally envelope all home conveniences. What good, however, will improvements bring, when rates are prohibitive to the average traveler ? Consider the average college student. He can buy a round trip ticket home oh the traih, or pile in a car with four or five friends^ divide fuel costs, and travel for less than a half or a third of railroad fares. Naturally the latter is the most prevalent. In 1935, motor accidents accounted for approximately 35,000 deaths in the United States while the slate for the rails was kept clean. When rates are reduced through reductions in taxation and efficient management, the five students will not ride in automobiles and the death-toll will be proportionately decreased.
When finally We cornered hini in the clinical lal]^rat6ry in the Education Building, he suavely upset our plans by telliUg us that it was impossible to use the device for University students since the college norms had not yet been established, although that project is noW being Worked on by a gradua,te student and should be completed this semester. We were allowed to examine the apparatus closely, however.
What Books Are Wanted? “So small is the demand for fiction in the public libraries in comparison with the demand for ‘serious subjects’, that library purchases in this field are expected to be smaller this year than in many years past.” The above quotation appeared in the Chicago Tribune in an article concerning the Chicago libraries which are about to spend considerable sums of money for new books. If this is true, the fiction writers and publishers have only themselves to blame. Catering to a taste which they have openly encouraged, the majority of publishers have put out during the depression years a type of fiction which appeals mainly to shallow minds. Public library patrons are not persons of this class, as a rule. They are earnest seekers for truth and those endeavoring to improve themselves. This is borne out by the library reports. Chicago’s librarian asked the forty-four branches throughout the city to indicate what books were most needed when it came to replenishing the shelves which are one-rhalf a million, books below normal because city administrators have cut off appropriations. The response came back that the greatest demand was for books on practical arts, home economics, engineering, industrial chemistry, manufacturing and handicrafts. Of secondary interest were literature, poetry, plays, essays, library history, and an extraordinary demand for American history in one volume.—E. H. M.
If you have ever been in the clinical laboratory, you will remember that besides the usual office furniture it is rather bizarrely furnished With batteries, switches, and wires leading no place in particular. Oh one of the shelves we saw the model of the head of a rather pious looking gentleman who seemed normal save for the fact that his brain with its interesting convolutions was completely exposed.
Below it were those three deceptive weights of different sisses which weigh the same and a block of Wood skillfully cut into interlocking parts. In the midst of this baffling array of intricate apparatus Was the tachistoscope-chronoscope, a long black cabinet with three sides of sheet-metal and one of hardwood. At one end is a hollow metal rod extending the eye piece through which the observer reads the material at the other end. Just below the eye piece are two ytoggle switches.
WANTED: A young lady and a gentleman? of the Junior class to take over the worthy column. Requirements: They must be geteersarounders, screwy, and a. bit humorous. After, much consideration We have decided that the latter requirenient Would; heli» the column nohild;:..* ■ NOTIGE: Dottie Martenet and Edith Gregory are back in circulation. Call Theta house for particu-
lars.
V ^ ^ Paid Advertisements .-■■:NICE MEN Treat women Like pipes And become more attached to them The older they get. When the flame is burnt out They still look after them Treat them gently And lovingly And care for them always; No man shares a pipe! , NICE. WOMEN Treat men like books. Sheeted carefully— First for content Then for binding. After they have read'them once They come back to the Familiar pages. Books last a lifetime hut, have one
Looking through the eye; piece, we read an Associated Press dispatch concerning some man who had been killed by a Monon train. When we got this far a switch turned off the light, so apparently the device measures by seconds. This combination device combines tests in which first the reading material and then the time is constant. The apparatus has three values: it replaces tests which took twice as long to complete; it is useful in diagnosing reading difficulties, and it aids in analyzing visual perception.
drawback:— . WOMEN Often borrow books. But seldom return them to their Rightful owners!!!
—mini.
The inquiring reporters at registration. . . . Q; “Do you really like conceited co--eds better than any other kind ?” A; "What other kind?” “1 would like to see the Judge,
please.”
Sorry, Sir, but he is at dinner.” “Can’t be helped. Sir. His Honor is at steak.” —^DePauw. HOW TRUE Girls that we detest;: Seem those who like; us best.
LAST LINE
.. ahd if you don’t
like the column—^try sending in a few suggestions, or contributions, instead of the usual gripe, gripe,
gripe ...
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but We do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
■ First Lafayette Showing: ’fhur^toay - Friday Saturday;
While those that Wfe adore Seemijp think iis quite a bore.
D@ You Know ili@ Facts of Boauty? Don’t experiment with cheap cosmetics and harmful curling: irons when looks are so frishtfnlly important. Come to KiiNLY^ Biiaijty Sfudi© Phone 7727
OKO tADIO Wclure
with ^ Sdward Evsreil Horton, HsSen Broderick, Erik iliodes, Erie Bfore. Directed by MARK SANDRICH Fertdro S Berman Production Also Thelma Todd and Patsy Kelly in “SLIGHTLY STATIC” Pop Eye Comedy and Lowell Thomas
with NEIL HAilLT0l eiih FURNESS
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES Sunday - Monday - Tuesday Wednesday . KATHARINE ‘ ' HEPBURN
‘SYLVIA SCARLETT’ with CARY GRANTVOLUME XLVII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THUBSUAY, JANUARY 80, 1936
Squash Team Ends Drills Three Man Team WOl Attend Mid-Western Championship Meet V In spirits after iandm Indianajpolis .^tliletic “B” team A 6 to 0 defeat last Saturday, Purdue’s squash team ended a series of intensive practice di^s last night iri preparation for the competition in the Mid-Western chanapionship meets at Milwatdcee on Saturday and Sunday. ^ Coach M. L. Clevett announced last night that he will take a three man Boilermaker team to the meet, which is the aimual amateur open tournament for this district in the rapidly developing sport. Jack Noll and John Lucek will play the No. 1 and No. 2 positions respectiyelyi while : a fight is being waged betvreen Fields, Ulrey and Tzucker for the No. 3 assignment. The latter three men have been playing several matches each day in an effort to determine which of them will attend the meet. No decision had been reached last night as to which of them will make the trip. The Boile^rmakers dropped only five games in whitewashing the Indianapolis A. C. team last Saturday. Noll won 3-25 Lucek, 8-11 Ulrey, 3-0; Fields, 3-0, and Tzucker, 3-2. In addition to the varsity victory over the “B” team, the University faculty combination of LaBree, Fowler, Allen, Clevett and Knoll defeated the Indianapolis A. C. “A” team 4-1. LaBree was the only Purdue representative to lose a match.
Coach Piggy Lambert Describes ^Dihg-Dong^^ Basketball In Article
By John Earges One would never think of waltzing in one’s underwear, but Prof. W. 1^ Laiubert thuil^^ i^^^ fine itWUg to go s^erzo just a little more—-namely, a Purdue basketball uniform. Prof. Landbert, bei^Ar known to his friends as ‘fPiggy’^ says in an article: in ;fihe February^^^^ fe “Country Gentleman’- th^ basketball boys have never waltzed and probably never will. Mr. Lainbeit, it seems, looked up “ding-dong” in his brand new copy of Webster’s and: found that it meant “vigorously sustained or contested.” Applying the word to his article he titles it “Ding-Dong Basketball” and tells how his Purdue teams since 19l9 have used the fast break with considerable success. . ; “Midget” Hot Shots , Since that time. Boilermaker
University Band To - , Play At Net Games . Saturday night will find a change of personnel in the musician’s area just behind the south basket in the Jefferson gym. Previously this space has been occupied by the Jefferson High School band and their music has whiled away the time before the games and at the half periods. However, professor Emrick has announced that the Purdue Concert Band will take over the duties of the Jefferson organization for the remainder of the home season. According , to an announcement received, the band will play selections from the more popular operas and other music of similar char-
acter.
quintets have won or shared the Big Ten title eight times. Nineteen thirty-four’s team won the champion pie without having a single member top six feet in his sodcs. This “midget team” set a Conference scoring record, registering a total of 612 points, or nearly 43 points':a^ .game.“We have always stuck to the fast break, win or lose,’* are words uttered by the Purdue mentor, in summing up the v entire aiticle. Piggy tells how he got his staft in basketball. Being too young to play on the regular Y team, he was delegated to the job Of pushing the ball out of the sacks after each basket—for back in those days the basket wasn’t Open at the bottomit frequently Was something very similar to a fiour sack suspended on a. barrel hoop. “Last season there was a lot of excitement in the Eastern press about basketball going big-Ume. Out our way it has been on the bigtime circuit for many years.” When interviewed over a national radio hookup previous to the NYU game at Madison Square Garden, question number seven was: “Aren’t you afraid your boys wiil get stage fright playing before a crowd of ten or twelve thousand?” To which Mr, Lambert replied with a chuckle, “1 don’t think so. A, lot of my boys played to larger crowds When they were in high
school.”
It seems that the Easterners do not know how the other half plays basketbalL It would probably give the sports announcer who interviewed Coach Lambert a definite shock to be in the Butler field hopse when the state finals of the annual high school tourney are played off.. Betuming to the scherzo time Mr. Lambert says that any spectator likes to watch a fast game, while he has to be very partisan indeed to enjoy a game where the teams make more free throws than field
goals. -
“I’ve taught basketball to a succession of Purdue teams since 1919,” Lambert said, “and every year we have planned for speed. This year We had to turn two of omr last yeai^s forwards into guards, so our offense will have to take care of whatever deficiencies there are in our defense. But that doesn’t worry us; that is just an old Purdue custom.”
7:00 7:16 8:96
7:00
7:15
8:20
7:00
7:16
^ . -f 4- 4* -f -f BASKETBALL 4- 4 4- 4 4* 4 4 Today Court 1—Scrivnor Ward 6 vs. Ward 9. Ward 14 vs. Ward 17. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Court 2—^Eutt Kappa Delta Bho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. ^ pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi D(^ ta Theta. Pi Kappa Phi vs, Phi Kappa. .Court;; S—HUMphray:'^Delta Upsfion vs, Sigma PM 'Epsilon.,'.' Sigma Nu vs. Phi Si^a :;Kappa..v.
Fencers Lose To IrisL^^^^ ^ ^ minois Will Open Big Ten Season Here ;; Although handed its third defeat in four pre-conference starts by Notre Dame Saturday, 11-6, Purdue’s fencing squad is hopeful of making a strong showing in the Big Ten dual meet season wMch will open here Saturday afternoon against the strong University of Illinois combination. The Irish fencing squad, undefeated last year and undrfeated so far this season, had too much finish for the Boilermakers in the preconference finale here , last Saturday, and Capt. Jack Silverman, foils star, who took two out of three bouts, was the only Purdue entrant able to finish in the right side of
the ledger.
Against Illinois tMs Saturday, Purdue’s foils entries are expected to come from Silverman, McWilliams, Eeynolds and Harrison. In the saber. Green and Antucshko are likely competitors, while in the epee, or dueling sword, Hammann, Wray and Sellers have possibilities.
A wide Selection of LRS* Lamps at
ImpruYe the
your room
and believe it or not, the best method is the cheapest. Deac has sold hundreds of the I. £. S. study lamps to students who have realized that the numerous advantages of the I. £. $. lamp are worth many times the price of the lamp.
Grid Glinic Set For April Kizer Aimoimees Plans F®r FIftli Sdiool
H. (l.' Deac”
Purdue University’s fifth annual Football Clinic will be held here on Friday and Saturday, April 3-4 providing an opportunity for high school and college coaches to exchange ideas and discuss their common problems, it was announced yesterday by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director and head football
coach.
The gridiron clinic idea, which was originated by Kizer five years ago, has since been Widely copied over the country and the popularity of the University’s football gathering has grown by leaps and bounds from year to year. The year’s program, judging from advance inquiries already received concerning the dates, is expected to attract an attendance of from 400 to 600 high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states. In addition to the members of the Purdue gridiron staff, a number of other outstanding collegiate mentors, along with high school coaches will cooperate in presenting the two-day program of demonstrations and addresses. As one of fhe features of the week-end, wMch falls during spring vacation, members of the Boilermaker ^diron squad will be used in field demonstrations of various fundamentals and two picked teams will stagd a demonstration game. Another fiighlight will be the am nual coaches’ banquet on Friday night, April 8, which will be addressed by a number of nationally known leaders in the football world.
Ward Swimiiiliig Starts Next Momth Intramural department oMdals have announced that ward swimming will begin the 13th of next month. All prospective swimmers areurged to report to Coach LaBree for training instructions each day. This training will take place in the pool in Memorial Gymnasium each day from 4 to 6 o’clock
in the afternoon.
The number of events has been limited to three for any man, including the relay race. Medals will be presented to winners as usual, one or more men constituting a team. All entry blanks should be turned in tp the Intramural Office
by February 6.
The events which will constitute the meet are the following: 100 yd* free style; 200 yd. breast stroke; 150 yd, back stroke; 160 yd. relay; 40 yd. free style; fancy diving (4 optional dives and 4 required), and the 220 yd. free style.
Haarlow-Kessler Sco]> img Battle To Feature
Game ^
final fixaminatioim^i^ re^ isjbsddozr past, Goadi Ward lam-
beit m <ffidlting Ms^ S
important CMcagb game here Saturday night. TMs game will be the opener in au unusUally stiff schedule wMchytiU caU for four games in a ten day period. It also marks the Bbilemmker’s ^return to the Conference scrap after a My off of
almost three weeksi
In the previous game with Cl cage; played in the Windy City, the Boilermakers, holding HaarlOw to four points, won 44 tO 19. The important factor of Saturday’s struggle will once moi^e be Haarlow. M the efforts of Lambert’s guards are as efficient as in the previous game then the outcome will favor the lo cals. However, the Maroon ace iS pacing the Big Ten at present in the individual scoring race with an average of 12% points per game in the Conference games played to date. It is expected that the battle between Capti Bob Kessler and Haarlow will be One Of the Mgh
spots of the game. ^
On Monday night the Boilermaker’s once more play host, this tune to the small and fast tiraveling Ohio State crew. In the game played there earlier in the season the Purdue lads had to pull a rally in the last ten minutes of the game to get
their 36 to 27 win.
These two home games will be followed by a strenuous road trip wMch will find the Boilermakers plasdng Iowa at loWa City and then hopping to Minneapolis where they will meet the rejuvenated Minnesota five. Although Iowa is one of the two teams that has yet to win an undisputed Big Ten title, the Hawkeyes have been the most difficult quintet for Purdue to conquer
since the World War. In 21 games played since 1919 with Iowa, the Bofiermakers have managed to pile up only a slim one game edge^ 11 to 10. Minnesota, starting the Conference competition at the bottom of the heap^ has showed a startling improteMent aiM ia esmecte^ to ; give Lambed plenty oi trouble when they tangle oh the oviM court,^ ^ ^ Iffie remainder Of t^ Bofferma^ er’s court schedule includes five home games for the fmis. Two of these games will faJl On this weekend^ the other tlmee coming at the end Of the season. ^ The complete schedule for the second semester is as follows: Feb. 1-^-CMcagO at IMrdua Feb. 3—Ohio State at Pihdue. Feb, 8-—Purdue at Iowa. Feb. 10—-Purdue at Minnesota. Feb. 15—Northwestern at Purdue. Feb. 22—^Purdue at Northwestern. Feb. 24—Mmnesota at Piirdue. Feb. 2S^—Iowa at Purdue. Mar. 7—Purdue at Michigan.
- PLUMBING ANB HEATMG Laiie=Py&:e"W©Fkla®& Company Phone 3882
An Iii¥itliig ; Dance StncBo ' We offer you one of the finest dancing aifiiaol in Indians. It makes ihstiuction a greater pleasure than yon realized. ^ New Beginners’ Class In Social Dancing for Adnlts Opens Wed., Feb. 12, ': 7:30 p.m. New advanced cMss Feb. 14 AUJiN’S 6tli & Ferry
B. W. Mintem, C. E. ’34, starts work this week at Youngstown, 0 He was formerly in the structural engineering department of the Trumbull Manufacturing Company at Waren, OMo.
Read
m NGDONG BASKETBALL
in the
'“‘ij
IWA.
i ■I’^v
i
m3R
« ItQonfi * r 1.00a C. PlAi 1
rr H '
y I"
1 lar>»-|
g
J
T
""I'
mm
^□□□□DaDDDDCSaTOP^OODODDDODOEDCiJ
J
6€
Test Tube ’’ Village Houses Eliminate ^^Bathroom Line ”
S©piiFate Toilet And Bffitk Stop Morning Trsiffie Tie-up The line does not “lorm at the right” in the morning for wash-up turns in the bath room of this house, one of nine in the first group of houses now \mder construction as part of the “test tube” village being erected at the University to inaugurate the most complete research into housing ever made in America. / Separate toilet and bath room take care of the morning “traffic” tieup at the bath room door, in the home shown herewith, which includes among other unusual features, the planning of the kitchen, omission of the customary cellar,
combined living-dining room, easy accessability of the attached garage, and the general construction itself. Cost $4,681 The house, planned for a family consisting of parents and two or three children, is of frame construction, with combinations for floors and walls that are unusual, has an exterior of stucco, and will cost $4,681, well und^ the $5,000 maximum set for homes in the University project. The design was the prize winner submitted by J. Andre Pouilhoux, New York City, in the contest conducted by the New York Chapter of the American Institute of Architects. The house is being built by Ed Schroyer, Lafayette contractor.
a fti"
tod*' titith, .!’«a«|i J dwn Idvatpi^,",Mdth' ; medli cine ^biiiets aWve Tfeie bath, tub fixture also proyid^s for ah overhead shower< Another*, feature of spedal Val,ue,to house^ves is a deep cupboard for ea±ea towels, large bottles tod other articles used in the bath room for which storage space often is nOt provided. Kitcii^ The kitchen is planned for convenience, arangement of the refrigerator, ange, sink and' ample, working space saving many steps and lightening the kitchen work. The linoleum-covered counter extends the entire length of one side of the room. A forced warm air, oil fired furnace and hot water lank also are in the kitchen but appear as articles of furniture rather than home equipment. Storage space is provided on the first floor near the stairway. The combination living-dihing room will overcome the fault often found with small homes, of two small,,unsatisfactory rooms instead of one large room. A built in comer seat in the living room near the kitchen and a table on casters nearby add to the convenience for both meals and studying by the children. Closets Two closets in the bedroom for adults are conveniences desired by most families, while other closet space in the house is ample. The garage may be reached easily from kitchen or living room through the small hall. The house rests on concrete foundations. Wood studding is used in the walls, covered on the outside with metal lath and stucco, and on the interior with plywood. The outside walls are well insulated, with material between the studding. The first floor consists of a three inch concrete slab laid over a gravel bed. The concrete slab is covered with two inches of cork insulation and a finished floor of wood blocks laid in a plastic compound. ^ The roof is made of wood sheathing laid on the rafters. The space between the rafters, which also forms the ceiling for the second floor, is fllled with insulating material. The space around the heating plant is insulated and protected from fire by asbestos sheets. Copper tubing instead of the usual pipes is used for water lines in the house.
!i I: Iff.
'iVgaiH' . J; 'v''”6, , Throwing wet blankets oh Chicago U.’s highly topped indi^dp|^ athletes hae been one of tli6 ibajdr’ activities of tjie BqUenpakers this, season. In the Chicago football encounter, played , on the Maroon’S Stagg Field, Berwahger was effectively smothered in every department of the game. In fact the only appreciable gains made by Jay were in running back piints. When it came time for “Piggy” Lambert’s boys to tangle with the Maroons on the hardwood it was Haarlow who was the one person to be feared. The previous season he had led the Big Teh individual scorers and even this early in the present season was well on his way to another first place by virtue of points scored. However “Red” Lambert and Glenn Downey took cate of the Haarlow threat so effectiver ly he scored only one field goal and two from the charity strip. Now the questioh is, can it be done again? The answer,should be found in a high-geared, fast-break-ing game which will be played in the Jeff gym Saturday night. With Haarlow in check, the Boilermakers should have little to worry them —^but with Haarlow hitting from all angles as is his usual wont. The house will be leased as soon as it is completed, by a member of the Purdue faculty, who will cooperate in the research project by keeping records on cost of heating, lighting, ventilating, and other items included in the housing study, things may be a little different
Abriles “ ybp'bai^e, tb©’' nebessaiy ter grddidu^'fto a bdjOt^ bidi j^me. ,4 4'*'4'-»‘' >4. 4,^,4. 4. 4. 4. - ‘ ; W. L. Ret'' Indiana 0 1.000 PURDtTB 3 0 1.060 Northwestern 2 ^ .600 Ohio State il,.S 2 .600 Michigan .4 8 • .6tl Wisconsin 2 8 .400 Illinois 2 ,3 .400 lovra...........8 .400 iMtenesota ....... .2 4 .883 Chicago .0 6 iOOO
'iM
'A ' 'If
Food you like and as you like ill
Popular Prices''''' :
CI10P Steak / .and Trip!© XXX Hoot Beer Paves the Way for Easy Finals l>nrinff finals we nriU remain open nntii 2 A. M. FEEEBELIVEEY on 8 or More Telephone 3423 Ask for Bert
Triple xxx State and iitttleton
Only ten days more to buy i J. P. Smitli’s Grain OxfopdS
$
The Tarslty Boot Shop West Lafayette, Imd.
one cigarette that writes its own advertising..
Ifs like this— You see Fm readiog a Chesterfield advertisement and I’m smoking a Chesterfield cigarette, and all of you are smoking Chesterfields,
© 1936, itCGBrr & Mvaas Tobacxx* Co.
Now listen—-Chesterfields are -mild (not strong, not harsh). That’s true isn’t it? Then you read '"and yet they satisfy, please your taste, give you what you want in a cigarette.” That says it, doesn’t it? Wait a minute— , It says now that Chesterfields have plenty of aroma and flavor. One of you go out of the room and come back. That will tell you how pleasing the aroma is.
Chesterfield writes its own advertising
A hint on balancing the budget Don’t throw away half worn ■ shoes. A dollaf spent wisely on shoe repair will save many dollars on your new shoe budget.
MODERN Shoe Repair 120 Via© St., W, Lafayetteti
504 Main Street
Risk Dental Clinic
PAVh A. BISK ' BOBBIfKije. RISK . < BAR01^^« BISK L.OTHBR A. BISK 4Q0 Schnlt« Bldf. IPlieiw K7M Corner 4th wnS Mmln
DEAC
HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
tramural basketbaii tournament will be held February 6, 7, and 10, in the WomeU’s Gymnasium, Two of the three practices are compulsory for those girls entering the tournament, which will begin on Tuesday, February 11. The tournament has been drawn up as a single round robin and games will played every Tuesday and Thursday for the following three weeks. The organizations entering are divided into t\vo leagues, the first composed of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi, Wards 1 and 4, and the , Women’s Residence Hall. League 11 is made up of Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega and Wards 2 and 3.
Dollies Flower Sl^ Quality Flowers ^ Alain at 7th Phone 60
Hyin Moses B S^iiaish C^ai^
SPARRENDAHL Merchaiit Tailor 507 Mam St.
Hym Moses, Tau Epsilon Phi, defeated Richtoj A;^^ TaU Omega> Id-ii, 16-8, and 16-9, Idst night to Win the class “B” squash championship. Moses also won the freshman tennis tourney held last fall.
Norman Olsen, C. E. ’34, is now employed as engineer on construction with the Pennsylvahia Railroad Company in the Indianapolis district.
rz
Nothing like the way Linen Supply does our linen.
Nothing like our waiters’
the way
our
And Fve never seen anything like the way,, our uniforms look.
knows the value of gen-
And towels are so snowy white.
uine Linen vice.
Ser-
bits of mental ramblings one is faced with the problem of trying to be original as well as clever. Ever since Sir Richard proffered “The Tatler,” the public has been harassed with countless numbers of similar efforts, latterly called “col-
umns”.
In pacing the floor—a mental stimulant slightly more comfortable and greatly more successful than rapping the cranium—looked out across the house-top next door; there was a chimney belching forth the blackest of soot-—fie on you; neighbor, think of my curtains; “Ahi” said I> “the very thing; my cblumn Mmil be tailed ‘Tim Smoke stack’.” Bu t oil tWnfang more of the matter I realized thaft a sta^ could give forth nothing but dirt and, though niy writing may at times he savored By that spice, have no intention of Being contihuaiiy WinChMl-like; So“The Smokestack” was discarded and my pacing Was Resumed must confess that the title that heads this column came to my mind ra,ther soon. If the reader thinks it best that I had not paced at all, I am sorry, but “The Rolling Stone” rather strikes my fancy. For, when in my scribblings nothing of worth is produced, I can always say that merit is in this case the moss which the rolling stone is so famous for not gathering. Perhaps a paragraph is necessary to explain what may be expected in these writings. I feel at liberty to make use of the license which permits the writer to include in a column ansrthing which comes to his mind. If I jump from subject to subject, kindly bear with me, for I may at one time or other write something complete with-
in itself.
But 1 do intond to be kind to the reader in one respect. I shall subtitle my work in some such manner as follows: “Of Interest to Men,” “Of Interest to Women,’’ *^Of Interest to Athletes,” or by any other such phrase which 1 feel might say, “eyes off” to those who would find the subject dull. For many times have I read half way through a column only to find that the p6int, when finally reached, is one entirely alien to my interests. If the reader should sometime fi,nd the column sub-headed “Of Interest to No One,” I beg to be forgiven in my attempts merely to fill an assignment; it’s been done before. My intention is to keep the number of words below five hundred. A column, I believe, should be just about that; a mass of type whose beginning and end may be seen on a single printed page. -.-■By Arthur Bradbury.
, The,, University Nursery School, four years of age, recently added a group of four year old Children, with six youngsters “matriculating”. The change was made to broaden the work in child psychology studies available for seniors and also to provide more practice in actual handling of children. Professor Laura Partch, who has had charge of the nursery school since it was established, now has as her assistant Mrs. Katherine Read, who formerly was a member of the home economics staff. The three class rooms on the firsrt floor of Buildiijg No. 2, formerly used by. the schdoi of pharma^, have been remodeled and the Walls painted cre^ color. Low taWes and chairs painted li^t have been supplied by the, G. G. U. R. Other equipment iucludds a w bench with vise, saw, hammers, nails and wood; sand hotx, doll ironer ^th laundry eqUipmeht, dolls and doll bed; hooks, paints, crayons and scissors, and construction
blocks.;’
Purpose' ' These play materials provide opportumty for more complex activities. The older age group continues the same principles of developing independence, encouraging social responses among children aiid providing interesting play equipment to develop constructive and imaginative play, which are the aims of the younger two to four year old group already established. The daily schedule includes throat inspection upon arrival (children with colds do not stay in the group), a play period followed by a mid-moming lunch of orange of tomato juice, another play periodj preparation for a rest, and then a rest period; Both indoor and outdoor play are provid^. Some of the children stay for lunch, hut most of them go home at il:46 a;
m. .
132 Vine St. W. Lafaye^
Ani don^t forget we are; set at all times to yon prompt aiid effieieiit service on Laniidfy^
We guarantee our work in all departments.
Phones S®85 —7278
are
Sororities To Begm Open Rush Sunday
WE SUPPLY
W H Y
U Y ?
If you are looking for a better place to eat this semester, join the happy crowd that enjoys delicious meals at the
213 Vine
West Lafayette
Open sorority rush under the supervision of the Women’s Pan Hellenic Association will begin February 2, at midnight and close February 16. Invitations may be extended by the sororities to unorganized girls after midnight Sunday, February 2. - No further rules have been made by the Pan-Hellenic Association restricting the time or length of parties during this rush period. Sorqrities will have an opportunity to All their quota of twenty-one during this two-w;eek period.
Ohio State University Approprigaion Passed
Columbus, Ohio.-^(ACP)—^Disas-trous consequences for Ohio State University were narowly averted last week when the state legislature unanimously passed a new biennium appropriation bill restoring most of the items vetoed by Gov. Martin L. Davey from the original budget submitted last May. Because the veto included provision for such items as fuel and salaries, fears that the university would be forced to close were commonly expressed. Included in the state restorations Were $100,000 for fuel and $2,694,000 for salaries; $60,000 for Wlding repairs, $66,000 for educational and recreational supplies and $65,QOO tor other maintenance items.
An M. I. T. chemical warfare class was routed recently when someone tossed a regulatioh army tear-gas bomb into the room.
1C he Desk **Tbat You Have Always Wanted” jor Your Study Room
Made of Selected Indiana Oak
Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 115 poiUK^ t Three Large Drawers, 11 V^x4ly4x22 inches, and one Large Center Dfaw^
The writing bed is-5-ply 1 inch diidc Add $1.00 for Walnut Finish
ALL DESKS have center drawer with lode. (This feature not diown in above cut.)
and
Fifth and Fdtty Stte^ La%ett% Ihd. Fubliskm State Prmim Statimer$
iSH
" "Iiip
is;
We move Saturday night to 827-29 Main Street and Final Removal Prices Are Now in Effect 2£» Used RadiOS^S.0O to $29,^ {>lete. Most of these sets at 50% ■\ ;iess ;-than'’■vre''Mh»wed'-hJr ;:Uii trade. ^ '.'S',' NEW Radios priced as much as i^% "■■off'Est; -■ DOUBLE TRADE-IN ALLOW- ' ANCE .FOR OLD. RAUIOS ■ $74.50 THOR electric Washer $54.50 $119.50 Spinner Washer.........:....$69.Sd $79.50 Washer, extra large tub $59:50 RADIO TUBES-r-RCA and TRIAD 25% OFF EVERYTHING in stock at reduced price. CASH talks or payment plan available.
c.
422 Golunibia St.
Phone 7950
Students Have 0,n,
Petroleum engineers at the University of Texas Will carry bn some of their research 300 ^ebt tinder A hole 300 feet deep and lined with 6.6 inch casing has just been completed near the iiingineering building on the university’s campus in Austin. Here students in the Department of Petroleum Engineering will have a Chance to use their instruments without having to borrow somebody’s oil well. Frank S. Palocsay, C. E. ’34, has been appointed chief of topographic party with the Central Nebraska Public power & Iipgatiott Uigtrict: with headquarters at Has tings y N ebraska. This project includes the irrigation of about 200^000 acres Of land through the construction of loo miles of main canal plus many miles of laterals; '
■
ai
YVtt look for the
—name
^ ■; ■
1^. ttf,'?’i''j
801 University St. ^ Opposite Purdue Gym tmi Aridory ,
, r’ ‘aj
^
I i J ■ _
A Red Surprise ^ .
Valentine T>ay
This Valenritie’s Day give something that lasts more than an hour’, more than' a day.' Give .her jewelry. Such a gift will , give much pleasure and will bring back fond memories later on.
I'V:'
I»
'X:
Lodde’s Jewelry Store
Subserlbe for The Expooenl;
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES^—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work dbne. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. For Rent-Second semester, excellent quiet study, private sleeping porch attached for instructor or upperclassman. 216 Chauncey. 75731.
Wsiifted—Roommate, first fioqr near bath; near University—$10.00. Also, one double, room, first floor, garage—boys. PhonC 36762.
President Roosevelt’s pet charity, the Warm Springs, Ga., foundation for the control of infantile paralysis, will receive 30 per cent of the proceeds: of the annual President’s Birthday balls which are being held this evening throughout the nation. The remaining 70 per cent wiU go to the local community to aid the victims of the dread disease. The ball for the citizens of La-r fayette and surrounding territory will be held at the Allen ballroom, with Ralph Reynolds and his orchestra furnishing the music.
Ten More Co-eds Move Into Residence Hall; Ten additional freshman co-eds have moved into the Women’s Residence Hail for the second semester. They are: Nina Dewitt, transfer from Indiana University; Katherine Markmari, transfer from Northwestern; Telsa Perlman and Jean Tillett, first semester freshmen; Florence Richards, Eloise Glazer, Rita Savage, Elizabeth Stetler and Elizabeth Hayes, all of whom were registered in the, University last semester but not residents of the hall, and Ellen Grey, who left school last semester because of illness.
Co-eds Re-iustaill Mixed announces pledging
Wanted—Roommate to share 2 rooms; male student, 224 S. Grant St. Phone 46901.
For Rent—Student room, i 330 Lutz Ave. Phone 66023.
For Rent—Wery desirable double room. 15 Russell St. Phone 5729.
For Renf>—Student room, single or double, 330 Lutz Ave. Phone 66023.
i Chamberlain’s Special For- This Week—Maplenut and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
Mixed recreational hours will again be sponsored by the Women’s physical education department this semester. Women may bring men as their guests to the gymnasium on Friday evenings from 7:30 to 9 to play badminton, shuffleboard, deck tennis, ping-pong, and volleyball. This is a continuation of a similar form of entertainment which was begun last year. An average of from 50 to 60 people attended each meeting last year. Miss Brady is in charge of the project.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon 'fraternity announces the pledging of J. S. Shields, Tulsa, Okla.; W. C. Martin, Bedford; G. E. Rechtenwall, Gary; W. H. Shipley, Lafayette; and K. T. Viall, Kansas City, Mo.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of J. H. Jacobi, Dayton, Ohio; A. G. Eickmeyer, Ft. Wayne; arid E. J. Kosowicz, Union City, Conn. 1
For Rent^—Double room with twin beds. Also board if ' desired, 432 North Grant. ' - Wanted—-Another man to share room. Modern home near campus.
339 W. Oak.
No notices accepted after 8 p, m.
Knitting Club—Meet in the Union at 7 tonight. . . ’ . , , KUEHN. Co-ed Riflery—Class tournaments will be ain tonight with the following schedule: 7:00, freshmen ; 7 :16, sophomores ; 7:30,“ juniors ; 7 :46, seniors. . —McQUEEN. ^ University Choir-^Important rehearsal at 7 :30 tonight in music room. —STEWART. Y. W. C. A.—Cabinet meeting today at 4' in the Y. W. office. —GOBBLE. ' Co-ed Swimming—-Open swim tonight at L:30. ' , —ELLIS. . Co-ed Fencing—'All girls interested in fencing meet at the. Women’s Gym at 7:30: tonight. -^HADLEY. Silver Mask Pledges—^Meeting in Union at 7 o’clock tonight. Inquire at desk for location. —HAMMOND. W. S. G. A.—Petitions for freshman representatives for next semester must be turned in at the Union desk or to Helen Hail by February 9. Twenty-five signatures required. —HALL. Musical Organizations—All members are urged to try out for the Union show. —S'TEWART. Co-ed Volleyball—Large gym: 4—Ward .1 vs. Pi Beta Phi. 4:30—Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. W. R. H. Small gym : 4—Ward 2 vs. Chi Omega. 4:30—Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi Delta. —SCUDDER. 'Pistol Team—Practice at 4 daily beginning today for all 193B varsity and freshman team members and following new men: E. W. Anderson, J. E. Baumrucker, B. S. Burrdffi, J. E. Brock, R. J. Cooley, G. Devore, M. B. Plater, F. B. Gaiser, E. J. Gehrke, H. S. Henry, B. W. Little, J. A. Meredith, C. F. Reed, J. G. Scott, J. F. Steckley,' and J, R. Wergin. —KAY.
Cordells Leave For
Sigma Delta Chi—Short but important meeting at 7 tomorrow, night in Debris Office. : ..;,■'■ —BUTZ. A. J. Hartman, G. E. ’27, is now employed by the Scott Paper-Bag Company of Chester, Pennsylvania, in its consumer represeAtative department.
*eria Prof, and Mrs. Richard S. Cordell sailed yesterday on the Berengeria for London, England, whqre Prof. Cordell will spend the next several months in the British Museum and elsewhere in London doing a critical study of Somerset Maugham’s works. Prof. Cordell is on leave of absence from the University until next September.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Keys for trunks, door - locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Malhaiipt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SUDDEN 'service
PHONE 2 62 8
’'Olflee Sialloneiy ^ Wedding InvKetlone Sales Books, BIc. . dOetfERRY-
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE EXPONENT
And you call have exactly that if you put your wardrobe in our hands. Old or new, you’ll find clothes cleaned here acquire a clean, sparkling look that gets you by in a big way at a minimum of cost. Try this worry-proof service and leave the rest to us.
Hats Blocked and Cleaned
FI
E C L E A N E R S OF F I NEC LOT HE S