\
A ^
if. ^ ^
//
. . ‘'t'
't ^
N"
■<! ^1
\ " ^ h ' V, * <" Ji
^ V ^-f ^ t" 4- J
*-■/ -V S f
fA-V ■>> .
M
(ireat Smow ■v Miss Indiana dies a ylolent death after a long, sordid life.
0m/y Smcm
Volume 52, No. 63
West Ixdayette. bidi$mo
Thursday. November 21. 1940
Hungarians Pep Session
Tomorrow
Join Nazis In War Pact Magyai-s Open Hallways To Nazis; Expect Balkan Nations To Join Bloc -c' By John T. Whitaker
\
SPECIAL KADIO To the Chicagro Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Nov. 20. — Hungary today announced her adhesion to the tripartite pact which binds Germany, Italy, and Japan to joint fiction against any power that comes to Great Britain’s aid. This is the first move in the Axis effort to bring other states into this “defensive” alliance by which Britain is to be driven fropl Europe, Africa and the Far East.
/
The adhesion of Hungary, which has already opened its railways to the transit of German troops, should b^ followed soon by an Axis effort to bring Rumania and Bulgaria, on the one hand, and Prance and Spain, on the other, into the framework of a “new order” which would isolate the Anglo-Saxons. The bloc the Axis is forming is described as a “peace bloc,” since its members are pledged to fight any power that enters the war on the side of Britain. To use the language of a spokesman, the Axis sees ^‘the adhesion of" constructive and the exclusion of destructive elements” as Hitler's attempt to form a world alliance in anticipation of Nazi victory. Attention On Balkans Attention is fixed on the Balkans, where Italy is at war with Greece in the first phase of the “battle fnr oil” in the Near East, where Runiania serves already as an ally and base of operations for the Axis, where the Hungarians (at Vienna) signed the tripartite ^act, and where King Boris, who was first scheduled to widen that pact, has just returned to Bulgaria after tightening his crown in Berlin. Africa A Vital Factor ^ ' > The Axis strategy embraces a great deal more than the Balkans, however. Africa, even more than Central Europe, is likely’to prove the decisive theater in this war, while the! sudden appearance of an-ti-American posters in Japan is no isolated incident. Strikingly similar posters appeared overnight in Italy, some weeks before Hitler jieeded the dramatic entrance of Mussolini as his ally. L. S. Robertxn Dr. L. S. Robertson, of the farm management department, was one of the judges at the annual Kentucky farm and home improvement contest held !|ast Monday at Louisville.
Will Receive
Tin Can Trophy The Miss Indiana Best Mourner Trophy, a new campus award, will be given by the Reamer club to the organization placing the best wreath on Miss Indiana’s bier (not beer) in the great hall of the Union by 6 p. m. tomorrow. The trophy, a beautiful double-plated tin can mounted on a* genuine hand-rubbed pin block, will be on display m the ll'mon until tomorrow. All campus residence units, including fraternities, sororities, coops and hall units, are eligible for the award. Wreaths, which must be tagged with the organization’s name, will be judged by a committee Consisting of Lewis Aull, Lawrence Archibald and Hunter Smith. Judging will be done on the basis of originality and cleverness. No wreath costing over one dollar will be considered. Award At Pep Session , The winner of the trophy will be announced at the pep session tomorrow night. The organization winning will h^ve possession of the trophy for one year. Permanent possession will go to the first group winning three times. Miss Indiana, herself, in her coffin will be carried to the pep session in the Phi Kappa Sigma hearse, ^ter the tin can trophy and the football for the best sign have been awarded by the Reamers, Miss Indiana will''be burned pn a pyre made of the signs, p.g.h. Former Student Gives University Einstein Plaque Nick Mars, who came to this country a Greek immigrant at the age of 18, later enrolled at the University, and received a degree in electrical engineering in 1935, today jfresented to Purdue a sculptured bronze plaque of Albert Einstein. The work which was accepted on behalf of the University by President Edward C- Elliott, represents 700 nights of labor by Mars and over 3,000 miles of travel back and forth between Sharon, Pa., where he is employed by the Westinghouse Electric Company, and Princeton, N. J., the home of the^ famous physicist, who posed for the
plaque.
The engineer-sculptor said he had used bronze to show appreciation to the American people through Dr. Einstein, whom he believes is the “greatest of those from all landq who, like myself, have found refuge and unbounded opportunity in America.” While at the University Mars carved in his spare time a bronze plaque idealizing the profession of electrical engineering which noV hangs in the main hall of the Electrical Engineering building* j.f.z.
Miss Indiana Succumbs To Riveter Chills; Mourners May View Rernains In Union
Miss Indiana, personification of the institution down under) expired due to a case of “hot riveteys’ Chills” ^ in precedented fashion under the scalpel of Dr. Sayres John Miller, local executioner, last night after ■4 having been shipped here by the frustrated meds of I. U. Cadaver, embalmed in rubbing liniment, will repose in state to be ^ viewed by mourners in the great hall of the Union from noon to^ay until the start of the funeral proI cession at 7:30 tomorrow evening. The ornate pine box, procured at great cost to house the remains, # will be sutrounded by the wreaths of celebraters. s Reamers TdT Present Trophy ^ To stimulate grief, the Reamers have taken upon tiiemselves the duty of awarding to the organiza-
tion presenting the best wreath at the wake a^“best mourner’s trophy.” At 7:30, after the last of the tearful throng has passed the casket and deposited his tear, John “crepehander” Zuck, head cheer v leader and undertaker exofftcio extraordinary, will conduct the sad procession to ths funeral pyre on intramural field. Here, as Boilermakers stand bareheaded. Miss Indiana’s remains will be cremated. Tlie ashes will not be scattered to the winds a has been the custom with the debris^ of so many of Miss Indiana’s ancestors. Instead, the ashes wjll be used to supplement the lime supply for liming the gridiron. Even-in death, Miss Indiana will be onliand tq help record Riveter progress, r.ll.Sr j
At 7:30 PM. Band Will Lead Parade From Union To StuariField Tomorrow At 7:30 Final pep session of the football season will begin tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in front of the Union, where the parade will be organized. From there, the student body, led by the band and the locomotive mas^cot towing the hearse bearing the body of Miss Indiana will march to Stuart Field where there will be a bonfire built by Skull and Crescent. The organization whose banner won the autographed football presented by the Reamer Club will be announced as soon US' the procession arrives at Stuart Field. At this time, all banners will be thrown into the bonfire. After the banners have been thrown in. Miss Indiana will be cremated. Speakers for the pep session have not been defiiiitely fixed as yet, but they will include either President Elliott or Frank Hockema in addition to Mai Elward or Pop Doan according to Bill Delmar, yell man-
ager.
Banners will be judged behind the Music* Hall between 7 and 7:15 o’clock. The committee judging the banners consists of Bud Taylor, Gimlet; Bert Bohlin, Reamer; Georgia Carroll, Gold I*epper;''and Curt Lanius, Skull and Crescent. These stqdents represent the organizktions which have been sponsoring the pre-game pep sessions this year. o.l.a. Director Announces Research Fellowship Application Deadline University faculty and staff mem'bers, and especially graduate students have until next Monday to apply for ^R research Fellowships, it was announced yesterday by G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry. At least ten of the fellowships under which research work may be conducted, will be available in 1941-’42. Application is p} be made to Meikle’s office in the Executive building, up to and including Monday. For over a decade, the University and the Research Foundation have placed emphasis on the development and utilization of fundamental scientific research work as an educational procedure in training the student to think clearly, independently and objectively, and in developing gjreater interest and sense of responsibility for the solution of problems of society. Tfite fellowships have been establisned to help fulfill these objectives. The committee on selection of research projects includes besides Meikle, J, K. Lilly, Indianapolis, former trustee of the University, and W. H. Winterrowd, Philadelphia, Pa., *07, presidqnt of the plirdue Alumni Association, and executive vice-president of the Baldwin Locomotive Works. Both Lilly and Winterrowd are also directors of the Research Foundation. H V ' V
Ellis C. Vanderpyl, member of the National A. A. U. Track Field Committee, will 'deliver the principal address next Tuesday evening at the annual football banquet sponsored by the Lafayette Kiwanis Club. The banquet will be held at 6 o’clock in the Union.
Today's War News Digest
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Hungary yesterday became a full partner of the Axis, and thus by a stroke of the pen Hitler’s diplomats moved the German front 250 miles closer to Greece, Turkey and the Suez Canal. It was said in Budapest that Rumania is expected to sign-on Friday.
“The adhesion of Hungary,” radios John T. Whitaker from Rome, “which has already opened its railways to the transit of German troops, should b^followed soon by an Axis effort to bring Rumani^i and Bulgaria, on the one hand, and France and Spain, on the othe;r, into the framework of a ‘new order’ whiph would isolate the Anglo-
Saxons.”
“About the best that the Japanese government cap hope,” A. T. Steele reports from Shanghai, "is that the acquisition of a new partner will give a slight stimulus to th6 Japanese public’s enthusiasm for the triple alliance, which has never been high.”
“Predictions that if the Germans did not launch ap 'invasion attack before Oct. 15 it would not come until next ^spring certainly have been proved false,” Helen lUrkpatrick cables from London. “Inten-^ sive German raids directed against London, Coventry, Birmingham and the English south coast begun last week may have been the prelude to a bigger show.”
“It can be stated nbw,” cables Robert J. Casey from London, “that i the blitz is back again. Fresh from the slaughter of Coventry and assured of the success of their new techniqut, the Na:ps are malnng up fpr previous omissions.” The opening 58 words of Mr. Casey’s dispatch were refused transmission by the censor. i
What Mr. Casey told ih the 58 deleted words of his dispatch cannot at once be kno^Vn. It is established, however, that Mr. Casey was in ^0 buildings which were successively struclr and emerged unscathed. Recreation In Gym
State Cattle Feeders After Pep Session
Will Meet^ Tomofrow
The annual cattle--feeders day will be held tomorrow at the University farm. After inspecting the cattle feeding experiments and hea);'ing the results of experiments already completed. Dr. E. C. Elliott will address .the group on the beef outlo4fic for 1941.
Purdue, plays Indiana at the
mixed rei^reation tomorrow night in the Women’s Gym. If you have that fighting spirit, stop in the gym after fh^ pplp session and compete in the games. As you enter you will receive either p Purdue or an Indiana emblem. There will be volleylipll games and swimming meets in
which you can compete, v.b.
All Campus Union Show Tonight At 8 In Hall Of Music 'Everything But Onions' Show \ Features Original Music, Script By Robert Tewksbury It’s here."What’s here? “Everjrthiiig But Onions.” Tonight at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. For whom ? Every student dnd faculty member who wants to see a fast moving musical comedy. Much has been written about the show and the dress rehearsal last night proved to the attendants that it will surpass all expectations. ‘'We have been working diligently on the show,” Bob Willis, director oi the show, said last night. “Every major and minor performer has missed many nights of study, but we want to prove to the faculty that their students can produce a revue fitted to the Music Hall stage.” Bull Session With this thought in mink the rehearsal began. The fraternity boys started with a bang-up bull session a la Purdue. To avoid any intermissions the lift stage is used. The scene changed to a cabaret where the dance chorus waltzed to mid-stage. In the words of Bob Bauman, dance director, “There are more beauties in the chorus than iivlast week’s beauty contest. Because of intensive practice the girls could not afford to enter the contest and study, too.” The principal person back of the show is Willis WeUs. It has been his imagination and his fortitude that has made the show what it is. He collaborated with Bill Hayt on the writing of the script. Pete Candoli, Nona Reedy have collaborated in writing some original orchestral numbers for Reedy’s band. Novel Lighting The novel lighting effects equipment has never been tried out on tiiis stage to its fullest extent. John Ditimore and his student assistant Bill Smith have promised to surpass even Radio City’s famous light effects. All colors of the rainbow will be used. To give better effects for the much publicized Can-Can chorus ,a novel foot light arrangement has been planned by the stage managers. All types of props will be used from l^raini whistles to “blanks to shoot babies.” Bob Hoffer, Union vice-president in chafg^’Of the show said last night that “For thote that appreciate the finer dancing, as ballet and waltzes, will find ‘Eveirything But Onions’ not lacking in this type of music. Several of our faculty have commented on the waltz *Do You Remember?’ as a piece to be placed among oirr more popular waltzes.” Tickets will be on sale at the door. Doors will be open tonight at 7^0 and tickets may be bought till the beginning of the performance. Exponent Reporter Gazes Skyward; Forgets About New Physics Building
By Ted Novey , Isn’t it funny how many times you’ll l>e looking for soniething aW will have your attention drawn to something entirely different? It’s like looking up a word in a dictionary. Before you get to the word you wanted, you have read the definitions of ten other words that you have never heard of before. We started out yesterday afternoon about 4:30 to go over to the site of the new Physics building to dig up some material for a feature story. Our thoughts jwere concentrated on ideas toi the stdry so we paused at the EE building only long enough to peek into the gaping, concrete«surrounded hole in back of it, and to notice that someone had plugged up the hole in the “U” shapled building. Then with renewed vigor we set out for our destination again only to be stopped coSnpletely by what we saw and heard passing in front of the mall between the ME and the Chem buildings on Northwestern avenue. , Beautiful Sunset The sun was just setting. Clouds were scattered over the sky in the West in liljtle cottonlike tufts glowing golden in the sunset. To our right we could hear sounds of excavation from the Physicsk^ bplfiinff "foundation, and the band pructicing by the freshman foqtball field. And there straight ahead, Parting around in the clouds, with its wings flashing colo|^a in &e setting sun was an sdrplane fiaiming in the air. Whoever was in the lilane was^putting it through its paces. It was a ‘biplane, fiyer unknqm, soaring through;^ tbe .
Stunting Plane ’ ' It would zoom down, do a couple ^ of rolls and then turn up into an inside loop, but just as it reached the top, it would roll over and shoot out straight. The flyer did this again and again, until we found we were wishing that he would go the wh61e loop, but no, he just twisted and fluttered around in the air, making a very pretty sight with thW colored clouds around him. The exhibition came to^ an end whqn the plane dove down ouf of sight behind the Administration building, and we were again oflt for the new Physics building locatloii. We finally arrived there about five o’clock and looked around. Didn't see anything interestinjf. Just some concrete, wooden huts, a pile of bricks, and bunches of steel rods sticking up all over the place, So we guess we won’t write a feature story about the new Phy^^ building.
7
Tluinksgiving Tia \ Thb Aflanoos In
A special Thaidcsfidving t^ dance sponsored by the Union Board wiU be held this afternoon for stud^ta remainmg on the campus the holidsy. Music will be furnished by records in the South BaBcoom htem 3:30 to 6:30 o’clock. lKg.hk
Fie/dbouse
,,. gymnasium wiB bexopmt aftpruoon fteax 2 to 6 p. m. accord* hog to Chi^ Clevett'*1 I
fia^2“£diiai
Thundocy,^ November 21, 1940
Colmmi
Herr Hitler’s flyboys took another cyack at the mudh harrassed industrial midlands of England last njght. They dumped 600 tons of bad news. Which is no teapot tempest if you remember the 460 tons that dropped in on Coventry last week. If they keep it up, the midlands may change. And become industrial lowlands. * * * Powerful Hungary, prophetically named newest ally of the dictators, extends Hitler’s road to the east another 250 miles. But if Adolph’s policy of acquiring awiftti allies to smooth his way indicates a trend, we wonder how long it will take . . . United Airlines ,to sign up the buzzards. * * ♦ A want ad appeared the other day to secure a flock of carpenters to help construct Du Font’s new powdei mill in southern Indiana. As inducement, they were offered $1.36 per hour. And a pass to the fireworks display. iK * * Speaking of fireworks, the boys who play with matches have just about cleaned out the powder plant field. And now they are working on the shipyards. Three half-built battlewagons have caught fire in the last week. We wonjier.. What bums in a battleship? * * * And while we build them, the Germans do too. Two
The Purdue Exponent — I, I Kntend m Miwnd elaa* matter at the poet alBee to LafitTetta^ Indiana, nnder the act of CroncrcM of Uareb t, 1879, and at the apecial rate of poetazo pxorided for in aeetion 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January tO, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sttmmer Session. Deliyered locally by carrier foi^ $8.00 per year, hhUl ehl^
scription $8.60.
Kdltor-in-Chlef.— M. W. Donahue Busiaese Manager ....w..w.Jieri» HageoMyar Pubficarion Staff News Bditor J, H. IScICee Managing IWtor Jl, K, BWpb Associate BdUoni: W. £ Heaton, N. A. O^fitTee^ j. A Piyreell, iL W. Bnfta«r. S. M. Sicallerop, J. L. iM^ott
Bi/afnatt Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powerg, Q, C. Landen i Promotion Manager, Ct K. DangleWajer;^ Aeennnts Manager, K. i. Shauordt C|irentauan7l£ttiMer. B. M.
Recktenwald.
I^r.
Co-eif Staff
Assoeiafe Hditoni
Siess.
Editor.
Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Sport! Stiff
eth SI
Associate Editors:
Swaim.
.jr. P. Dolan
J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Phdndi: Editorial 4005; Buoinisa 5038; Sport! 2792 Bepresentcd for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.. Ciollege PuMisherB Representatives. 420 MadUon Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff Foir Thil Itsiio Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor;-Rose Ass’t. Night Editor: Allanson Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: J. F. Zinski, J. P. Amos, R. Tewksbury, P. G. Hoffman, R. W. Boswinkle, V. Barson, D. E. Corp, O. T. Clark, E, M. Lang, P. B. Lewis.
3.93
to 1
new Nazi cannon ferries went into service yesterday. We Wonder how they’ll get them out with His Majesty’s navy still afloat. They remind us of the man who .. Built his boat in the basement.—r.m.s.
Jimsdi^ JoUl Thanksgiving Day Three hundred and twenty years ago the Pilgrims set aside a day after a successful harvest to thank their God for bountiful crops. They had much to be thankful for that year. Their crops had been good; they were living in a land where they had comparative freedom of speech and reli^on. To be sure, they had had trouble with the Red Man, but still they had much to be thankfid for. A day or so ago we were reminded that Americans today have Reasons to be thankful. We were told of a member of the University community who is enjoying the thought of rapidly nearing naturalization. He was sure, he said, that he was becoming an American eitizeii because he had had his first dream in English the night before. That seemed to mean that he was almost an American. He had much to be thankful for. He is a native of war torn Europe. Many more of our pniversity community have the same thing to be thankful for. Many of our students are from countries at present engaged in war—Germany, China, Greece and France. Others are from countries on the brink of hostilities* And so should all of us, native Americans, be thankful. The relative peace which we take too much for granted, the relative safety that our isolated continent has given us, the wealth" of the land which keeps nearly one hundred and fifty millions of people reasonably comfortable—all are things for which we should be thankful. But Heaven forbid that we become too smug about our present good fortune.—^J.H.McK.
D. M. Ogllvie . D. Ogilvie, Ag ’42; has been awarded a four day trip to Chicago, December 8 to 11, as a guest of Swift and Company, packers.
Safety Expert To Visit Campus For Lectures Harry Guilb'ej^t, safety director of the Pullman Company of Chicago, will be on the campus tomorrow and Saturday to inspect the safety facilities of a number of University buildings'^ These will include the Michael Golden Shops, Electrical, Mechanical, Civil, arid Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering buildings. As safety director of the Pullman Company, Guilbert brought al)Out one of the lowest Industrial accident rates in the country He has been an active member of the Rational Safety Council which acts as a clearing house for safety educational material throughout the country, and has specialized in work on industrial eye protection. , Tomorrow he is scheduled to talk to the GE 110 and 188 classes and Saturday to the freshmen engineers in Fowler Hall. j.f.a.
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY HU6H HERBERT a
CtMU(« MOORE Deiaii O’KEEFE PLUS IT'S FIRST RUN
itobSfKli
— AUO-
r 7Am6ms
KING Of the;
m
If IIIWII , ,
^•AOOfp — fli^T RUN NEWS
POWER PACKED DRAMA OF THE AIR! AFLAME with the THRILL of
Richard Kent DIX ▼ TAYLOR Edmund LOWE •Wendy BARRIE
PLUS
5^-' FaySalpter
RKo Herinrt MarstaR RADio^ p8mMayWMt«>F8titcKaMd$i' picTuw c.j>iu»|ySi|itii.ini$ttC$t8ait
COMING
LUM and ABNER
Well, it feels kinda nice not having to go to a cfa8S on 'Thurs'day, ddesR’t it? You know, I 'guess we have quite a bit to be thankful for, even if we do only get one. day of vacation. What do you think? Who was it that said that Purdue students weren’t cultured? The Music Hall was reaUy packed Tuesday night fdr the music convo and we have never heard a more enthusiastic ovation than the one that was l^resented itor t^e orchestra’s efforts. The stage hand, resplendent in his tux, even came in for his share of the glory when he was ihistaken for the conductor, The second time- he came put, though, he was applauded all for himself. We’re for having more of such convos. Say, by the way, have yoi^ heard about the engineer who named his girl asymptote? Do you get it? You know, approaching but nevei quite getting there. Mary Burtsfield and lanet Pickering of that great organization. Home Management number four,, certainly have the right idea for making their term in the practice house as pleasant as possible. The other day, they were on kitchen duty so what did they do but pick on poor, good natured Swede Anderson, the duck footing, footballer, and get him to peel potatoes for them. The trouble Avith Andy is that he just can’t say “No” to a pretty face. Speaking of pretty faces, Barbara Hymen of the Alpha Chis h'as reinrned Bill Hosiers* pin. Now all yon Wise guys that had bets on that can get out and collect or ]^ay up. Vfe never Have seen anyone quite so unlucky where a pin is concerned as Bill ii§. BeLcha he gets awful tire4 of having people asking, “W^ho’s ii going fo be this mdntlt. Bill?” The Exponent box is still up there on the West desk and it’s getting to be awfully discouraging finding it empty all the time. How about giving us a break and letting us in on a few things that happen around here? Well, people, don’t eat too' much today and we’ll be back with you on Saturday for the game.
SATHI ilov. 31
MATINEE at 2:30 EVENING at jB:I5 "The funniest comedy of the season."
—NEW YORK TIMES.
SAM. H. HAR.R.IS Presents the MOSS ViPmand GEO. S. KAUFMAN SENSATION, THE MAN WHO
CAME TO DINNER! BY The authors of’•you can't tme rr with you'
\
S^ats on Sale NOW EVE.—Orch., 1st 12 rows, $2.75; last 16 rows, $2.20; logo, $1.65; mez., $1.10; balcony, 83e.'-lncl. Tax. filAT.—Orch., |st 12 rows, $1.65; last 16 rows, $1.10; logo, $1,10; mez., 83c; balcony, 55e. Inel. Tax.
BOX OFFICE. OPEN DAILY—11:00a. m. to 9:00 p. m. PHONE 7503 for RESERVATIONS —
lt*s a giH of laugtif from the man who made^E QIQK^ ^Yhe Great McGinty'^l POWELL drew^kE
umninf
TODAY. FRt.'-SAT.
fpjUMbMf SxfmtSMt
Heglected Mki Is Again Back Over England By Robert J. Casey SPECIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. CiVhat Casey tried to tell in the first 5$ words of the following, dispatch only he ind the cdnsoi' Ibiow. jPerbaps it had ,ta 4.o some personal experience with Hitler calling cards in the form 6f Cermah hombd. From other sources than the following dispatch The Daily News is advised that Casey emerged Uns^thed from two buildings in which he happened' to be at the time they were struck by German bombs on Friday night and last night. He was hit only by'plaster last hight. Foreign Editor.) London, Nov. 20. — (Fifty-eight words censored here) . . . And so the crumps came down. It can be stated now that the neglected blitz is back again. Fresh from the slaughter of Coventry, and assured of the success of their new technique, tlje Nazis are making up for previous omissions. " Hotels and office buildings came in for a poltergeist visitation early itf the evening. You' walked to work this morning through drifts of other people’s letters and, more fortunately, other people’s bills. You watched the police trying to sort out tin file cases, still intact, but you weren’t thinking much about that. You were thinking you were fortunate to be able to walk to work at alll
GRAVES bakery FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternify and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY ,
i The past four may observe without aid and com-* fort to the eneihy, have been filled with incident. Terreri»nt Improves It gets monotonous to mention, day after day, that one night’s boftibing is more vicious than the last. On the other hand, it seems to ope under the gun that practice bfings improvements in teri^priSm, as in everything else. Certainly, the nights get noisier, sleep gets more I>roblemiatical, crumps come closer to hom^ an<i the coroner gets increasing attention as the most overworked man in the community. ' When this series of hit-and-run blitzes started, on Friday night, 206 raiders came over and stayed late.” The ack-ack guns got no respite at aM, nor did the demolition squads, ambulance corps, or auxiliary firemen. They haven’t had much rest since. It was obvious from the beginning that Heinie had abandoned his 1 previous policy of dropping lightweight eggs frolm low altitudes. Now, the evening performance always starts with a shower of largecaliber bombs from heights’ well up toward the stratosphere. Many Still Under Debris Results have been all anybody 'tossing dynamite in the dark could wish. Early in this’ enterprise a large block of flats and modest dwelling places was wiped out. There were few injured in that neighborhood. Of the hundreds of women and children who lived there, a large number are still believed to be under piles of rubble.
At its homecoming, Valparaiso university also celebrated inangpiration of its new president, Otto Paul Kretzmann, and the fiftieth anniversary of its reorganization.
CLASS DAMCE INSTRUaiON NOT TO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S Wed., Noy. 20,7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs., Nov. 22,7:0b p. m. PHONE 2151) ALLEN’S 6TH ft FERRY
LUMA
— TODAY-FRI.-SAT. —2 FIRST RUN HITS-
TMiYo. ««« SIRIKIHG UKE UGHTNIIUI BrevinB gavafiM and ^ _ rcnegadMl,
"Dennis j*' Constance O’KEEFE-MOORE Helen Lewis PARRISH-HOWARD Laura Hope Crews-Beiton Churchill Samuel S. Hinds • Margaret Hamilton
XHW have you ^fincing in aisles!
lie yf' it iv w
PpuatttDt Fletiri «ltl ^
"iGRACE McDonald^ * ROBERT PAIGE * VIRGINIA DALE - WILLIAM FRAWLEY’
★
J'
» PETER HAYES . LialAN COpElL^
UDiiMitiiiAr heftlift
«L
II
t If
" (I
^ i^ Mnnr
f< !y'
•** " ^ iy %“■ \ ’‘i,’^ rj> ■* « >* ^ i ' f
/
Thitis^. 2|. im
fia^S^^fianU
Dick Papenguth Prepares Tankmen Feir Agttlendei Dainty Of Celebrities Appeir Swinging into the final week erf pt^ctice |)el^ore the gifeatly her^l4ed[ AQti£toade> tl^e varsity aiid fteshrfiafi slvimfiiers ate displa^ihg &i moch enthn^iastn pvei^ fhd apprpaehin'g extrava,ganza aa their alBl^ coach, i>icTc l^apepgrfth. Ticket sales fot the attraction, Scheduled for Nevenihet 2iD afidj 80, are being disposed of at a rapid rate, apd since only 70d dneats are available, anyone ydahing to attend shotdd appli^ to the ticket office in the fieldhouse or see members m the pplphin or Triton clubs. Sawbone , ''
Illusiiitt
Dr. Miller Will be on ‘haiid to perform the'human fish act. Thejanedico wilf try, with the aid of an ordinary rod, reel, aiid line, to hook one'of the Gold and Black mermen. To comply with the y^les, Doc must snag his prey before said subject reaches the end of the pooIT It may not be common knowledge, but the caml>us saw-bone is one of the foremost fishermen in the country, placing third nationally in 1938 and eighth in 1939— Another featured personality of the event will be Neil 'Stillwell, a resident of Lafayette, who holds the world’s plunging record at eightythree and one-half feet. This record was established at the I. C. pool at Bloomington. Since the Boilermaker tank is only seventy-five feet in length,' Stillwell must attempt for a record in time. He has done that length in thirty-eight seconds. However, Neil has been m retirement for about twenty years and may not attain his old form. The art pf plunging was formerly a very important part of collegiate swinjiming meets, but was abandoned in 1924. Girl Star Patty Aspinall, who holds every breast-stroke record-but those for the fifty and 100 yards, will be out to shatter the eidsting time in the 100-yard event. Papenguth has been tutoring the little Indianapolis mermaid for several years now an^ it is through his efforts that she now is the possessor of no less than ten'-records. In over six years of
T:Q0 7:16 8-00 8:15
IM Schedules meXiLAR GAI»£S BASKETB^L Fciday, KovelitMr 22
1. F. Swanic
ard 3 vs lyard 4
1: B. F. Swank
Ward 8 vs Ward 10 Ward 14 va Ward IS Ward 21 vs Ward 22
Court 2: Be. Goldstein
7 :nn
7 iOO Ward 24 vs Ward 23 7:16 Ward 26 Vs Ward 26 8:00 Ward 27 vs Ward 28 ^ 8:16 Ward 34 vs Ward 29
Court 3: B. Berman
7:00 Ward $6 vs Ward 82
7:15 Ward 37 v& Ward 39 /
8:00 Ward 33 vs Ward 31 8:13' Ward 38 vs Ward 40
touchbalL ~ Friday, November 22
Field
7. Alpha Chi Bho vs Fhi Kappa Tap (Captain - McAdams) 9. Cary Hail 6 vs Cary Hall 9 (Papurca - Shaw)
cbmpetition, the Capitol City lass has only been beaten once, and then by a Hawaiian girl by name of Fuijko Katsutapi. Betty Beap^is, backstroker; Virginia Schakel, free styler; and Patty in the backstroke, will endeai^or to establish a new time in the 160yard medley relay. The first two girls are entered here as\ students and have been under the tutelage of Papenguth for some time. Free Stylers Carney and Kratzer will combine with Kozolowski of Chicago’s Lane Tech in free style sprints, while a teammate of the latter, Heidke, will compete with rhinies Claude, La Baw and Vern Hansel in some of the middle distance races. Both of the Lane boys are high scWol All-American performers. o.t.c.
By Jbseph Patrick Dolan One of the secrets of coaching success, is the ability to promote . un(^erdog substitutes to first team positions, instill in those men the fact that they will hear the opening whistle from the field, not from' the bench, and prevail upon them that they are good enough for initial eleven experiences, and that is just what head coach Mai Elward is now doing—a,nd with exceptional success. Teams, as a whole, like to avoid designation as being the better, due to the psychological let-downs that go to the favorite, but the situation is converse when it comes to the athlete. —I-I— I covered practice last night, expectii^g to see the usual agenda in motion, but low and behold, there was Walter Cook playing halfback in the first group and Bill Ehrlich among the same. Now there are two grand fellows of the light weight section who suddenly awoke to the fact that they were as good as the name ahead. —I-I— Cook has been improving during the past three weeks on defense so much th^t he is by and large the best tackier on the squBd. Says Bill Combs, “when Cookie is behind me, I don’t have to fear about anyone clearing my end if 1 get reckless and smash; Cook will never miss.” And this Combs fellow^ despite the insidious fact that he’s been outweighed on the average'of 30 pounds all season (86 at Minneapolis), is about as good d^ensively as a coach could include in his prayers. , —I-I— Ehrlich, a guard member of the class of ’43, has been playing lethargic football all season, until two weeks ago, at which time Elward gave the Lorain, Ohio, kid a chance to fill the gapping guard hole. Coach Mai gave Ehrlich his bigs' moment ut the Fordham contest, and the soph came through, since he’s been playing defense proper. Up at Minnesota, he and Wes Stevens aloUg with the invincible Ted Axton removed a couple of bothersome Gopher guard giants so that John Petty could score where no other mqri has scored ^his seasonthrough Minnesota’s center. -1-1-Mai Elward may be losing ball games, hut he’s taking advantage of his chance to give players an opportufiity to prove their ability under fire. Such procedure gives life to the rest of the squad, and if you don’t believe it watch the improvement against Indiana. When Cook tackles I. U. maih carriers, it’ll look like wheat before a bin^r. Man alive, how that Wyoming cyclone throws ’em; maybe he learned the art on steers, but . . .
Interiraternily Touchball p Tournament Near£.Finat$ Before moving into the finals of the inter-fratemity touchball tourndment, Alpha Chi Rho and Phi Kappa Tau must battle for the right to meet Sigma Chi in the final game. The site oi the contest is scheduled for the freshman football field tomorrow night, the game being played under the floodlights. The final game of the tournament will be^ played next week on the freshman field. Floodlights will again be employed since the contest will be held at night. e.m.l.
' I think he learned it while an underdog defensive reserve watching his “betters” learn the art of playing “first string.”
—I-I—
Saturday’s game and today’s practice will mark the last time that George Doherty and Bill Lindsey put on the canvas and silk as Boilermaker gridders. Here are two seniors who deserve all the credit obtainable for bull-dog grit and good old stick-to-it-ness. George and Bill have never entered a ball game-J-nor have they ever taken a trip (87fth the Purdue football team, but they have never complained and have been the loudest of best wishers and congratulators to teammates who play jti practice and ball
games.
-I-I-
Lindsey, weighing but 150 pounds, is another of these midget wild-cats, whose ability is too' slight to enter critical games, but whose persqverence captures everyone connected with the scenes behind the stage. -I-I-Doherty, a reserve center, is one pf the most admirable persons I have ever come in contact with as a student on the campus. “i)uteh,” as I call^ him due to his extremely “Teutonic” surname, is one of these fellows who tell ya what they think of you—to your face. And he goes about athletics the same. He has missed two practice sessions since his sophomore year and none his frosh year. The two nights of drill he missed, he was in the hospital due to a brain concussion (a slight one) received in practice, and readers, that’s a record that can’t be touched by other members of the senior group. . -1-1— Let’s take our hats off to fellows like Lindsey and Doherty. Those fellows and their type are hardsto find, for they love the game, its competition, and its opportunity for fellowship. Their reward isn’t material, but their intrinsic rewards remain long after moths and age have destroyed the best of major letters, mob cheers, and headlines.' -1-1-Purduer is proud of men like the two mentioned, and we’ve plenty in our labs and class room^, too. Dr. J..Davis . . . head of the entomology department, has returned from New York City where he attended a one day meeting of the crop research committee held last Monday.
JAc. The Corned of the Campm— Yet the Center of Activitie$
'the Purdue Ei^onbnt Service . Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies ,
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK -Ith 6 Hain St. ' Phona 5701
DEACS ^ Everything for a ^ College Education
Dr. A.U, IRION , DENTIST 11914 Northwestern Ave. / Phone 4965
• Har<l\yare
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower prices If It's Hardwa^re We Have It Phone 4354 ' We Deliver '
• Bus Information
CHICAGO .$2.95 R.T. GARY 2.95 R. T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R.T. INDIANAPOLIS — 2.10 R.T. YANKii TRAILWAYS ;08 N. Sth Phone 4415
l^welors k '■ ' Rt C. EI^ENBACH Jevi^efrfr and Optom|etr|st 504 St.
Haider
Gridders Slip And Slide Through Practice Drill Proving theinselves to be good mndders, the Boilertnaker;. gridmen slid and skidded through the final single session of pi^q^tice of the season yester^y afternoon. In a final effort to pr^e the^Riveters for the Saturday tussel against Indiaha, Coach Mai Elward has called a double-session of workouts for today, one scheduled for this morning and the other this after-
noon.
The tttrf of the varsity practice
field north of the Fieldhouse was soaked by yesterday’s rains, and the uncertain footing made it necessary to play mud-hall as they did against Minnesota last Saturday. Scrimmaging against the varsity reserves, the Riveter first team drilled mostly on offense, testing the Riveter attack against the style of defense employed by the Crimson
pigskin squad. Sophs May Start
The Boilermaker backfield skeleton, stripped of several of its key men, wiU most likely depend on an attack more diversified than the one-sided offensive display against Minnesota in which only 23 yards were gained by rushing. Elward has given some indication that three sophomores may be assigned to starting posts in the Riveter backfield. With the quarterback departn^ent at a seriqus low in man power, IVed Smerke, one of the few remaining brain-trusters, is a probable starter. Both Bob Kersey, Junior signal-barker, and Rocky Snydei^, a sophomore, are retired to the sidelines because injuries. The other three backfield spots will be covered by Marion Garter, left halfback; Walter Cook, right halfback; and Jo^n Petty, veteraq fullteek.. Petty, who stands second in the Big Ten scoring column, is the onl^ starter in the backfield who is not a first-year man.
Relief Men
, I^eplaeements in the ball-carry-ing depar^4nt can ho suppBfd from another combination whidi is ' composed of Jim Gary and Silt LindBBy> ma3H;e!tiMicks; John. GalvSjt, ifit Harf; Ton^' B«^ right half; ahd Ifal Schum’ac^dr, fall-
back. ’
Friday afternoon the Boilempaker squad will move to Mudlaviq, a hotel idcd|ed Southwest of the city, retumm^ Just in fime to dress the kiwd^ at Satjurday afternoon.. r.d.s.
~Red Carter, shifty Riveter sophomore halfback, is ^pected to cause Indiana many anxious moments SatjUrday with his sweeping end runs and ability fo break into the open after receiving shorf passes.
Fancy Divkg IndM In Coming Greek Meet The annual inter-fraternity swimming meet will be held On Wednesday, December 4, at the Fieldhouse pool. The events ebpaposihg the meet ape as follows: a three man medley relay race consisting-of 60 yard hack sti^bke,| 50 yard breast stroke, and 50 yard crawl; 100 yard races in back stroke, breast stroke, ahd crawl; a 50 yard free style; a four man, 220 yard relay; a 220 yard fre^’ style; and a fanOy diving contest in which there will be three required dives and three optional
ones.
Three Event Limit ^ / In accordance with confereiMse rules no man ■vdll be able to participate in more thdn three events; also, not more than two mpn from any one team may compete fn any single event. One or more men constitute a team for participation points, and each team taking part will receive 25 points. Every event won will net the winner’s team five points, and second place will bring
f '
’^D.PAT
PG
tD
Franck, Idinn ..
. 5
0
0
30
Betty, P. tf. 7...
.. 4
ll
0
2S
Green, Idwa . .
.. 4
0
0
24
Smith, Minn
...4
0
0
24
Scott, O..S. U. ..
.. 2
8
0
2b
Clawson, N.U..
-3
1
0
lb
three points/* ^ The vai?Sify ‘swimming^ coadi, Dick Papenguth, Will be glad have any team members report tS him for training instructions every day from* 10 p. m. to IS) and 2 to 4 p. m. p.b.l.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ucthy
“Off eburse,
the other hand,
, don^ wtoit dny Ihc^us girk ^>hll jdlMKit lii land, we don't want to.H«k the morale oi the miml*
A,
** it ^ f i'.^.,7 I-: f‘’y I;:: 'S'V:
Gentlemen Prefer Cooks To Blondes Durham, N. H.—(AGP)—Blondes may have been the gentlemen’s choice a few years back, but today the girl who can cook has little trouble in finding a husband. This fact has been home out through a study made by the University of New Hampshire’s appointment bureau. Wpmen graduates have had no trouble -.placing themselves as teachers in home economics. During recent years vacancies reported to the bureau have been double the number of girls eligible to fill them. / THE REASON: Turnover in the home economics field is high because the average teacher marries within three-yearss
Personnel
Company: Bendix-Airplane Landing Gear Division, South Bend- Indiana. Company’s Products: Landing Gear, Structural Members. Types of Positions: Sales Engineering. Training Desired: Senior Ch. E., C.E., E.E., M.E., Met. E., P. S. E— January Men Only. Special Qualifications and Information: Those wishing to be considered must sign up by 4 p. m., Friday, November 22.
Company: The Texas Company, New York, New^’York. Company’s Products: Oil & Gasoline. ■ ' ' Representative: Dr. P. L. Veltmaii? \ ■■ ■■■■ ‘ Date of Visit: Noverriber 27 - 28, 1940.,';' Will Inter \dew : Seniors and Graduate students in Chemistry, Physics, Chemical Eng., Mech. Eng. Types of Positions: Research Laboratories.
Dear Sir: v ’ ' In reply to yoiir editorial Of Wed-' hesday,'November 20, may I point i out that, as you say you could count the number Of members of the three booster organizations attending last Sunday’s rally on one hand, that there were thirteen; Reamers present, to have that many fingers alone places you in a class by yourself. Instead of placing all the blame on these three Organizations, why not shoulder a part of it by yourself. . The rally was announced last Thursday, yet the only announcement in the Exponent was a single line at the top of Sunday’s paper that was hardly noticeable. During t^e rest of the season, the Exponent has given the minimum of space ^ announcements of the pep-'sessions and has even forecast defeat two days before a game in one of its sports columns. Let’s make this Indiana game our biggest and let’s all pull together. Give us a big spread for the pep session Friday night and let’s all keep that bucket. A Reamer
University of Minnesota employment bureau received 3,500 applications for part-time jobs this fall.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lletlir
‘Ydo-hoo dear—don’t you want to take this report to the Convention?”
Notices
Co-ed Rifiery: No shooting Wednesday, November 20, or Thursday, November 21. Teams scheduled for these two nights can shift make-ups , next week. \ —BLAGRAVB.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Thanksgiving party Thursday, November 21, at the Lafayette Christian Church at 7:30 p. m. Recreation will be led by George King and Martha Jane Gettinger, and Jean Steigerwald will lead folk dances and refreshments will be served. This party, is open to all foundation members and anyone else. The charge will be 16 cents each. ' —HUNTER,
Reamers—^AU Actives and Fledges: Tickets and money for Football Banquet must be turned in at PIA office by 6 p. m. Friday, November 22. Do not-fail. Also, all actives and pledges get tickets for FreSh-man-Vareity basketball game from Myers. —BOHLJN. Christian Student Feliowship: Meeting Thursday, November 21, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. Visitors are welcome. —LONG.
Triton Club : Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:16 p. m. and Thursday, November 28, at 7 :16 p. ni. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, Npyember 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:15 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, and- Thursday, November 28. Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:45 p.m;, every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:46 p. m., and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7 :16 p. m. ' —SMITH.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Fledge meeting at 7:30 a. m. Friday, November 2.2. Wear uniforms. —BLACKWELL.
Radio Club: Meeting in room 134 of EE Building, Tuesday, November 26, at 7:30 p. m., Mr. R. R. Stone will give a lecture demonstration on, “The Control of the Purdue Television Station, W9XG.” Use north entrance. —REYNOLDS.
Christian Science Organization: There will be no meeting this week on account of Thanksgiving.
Skull and Crescent : Compulsory meeting at 4 i>. m. at the north door of the Armory on Friday, November 22. That bonfire has to be built, fellows. Be there. , —XANIUS.
All Freshmen: Engineering lecture will be in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, November 23. ■: —KNAPP.
Tau Beta Pi : Meeting of actives And pledges for informal initiation Friday, November 22, at 4:30. p. m. in room 303 of the Union —MONTGOMERY.
YWCA Cabinet: No meeting this week. Next meeting on Thursday, November 28, —BRYANT.
University Orchestra: Important rehearsal, Friday, November 22, at 4 p, m. —BAGAINS.
Novice Pistol : Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Reamer Club: Form ;around mascot at south end of playing fi'eld between halves of football game Saturdily, for picture. Complete attendance of actives and pledges necessary. —ARCHIBALD.
Debris Sophomore Salesmen: Will the following persons please turn in all sales money received from sales and salesbooks Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m.»'at the D^ris business office: Harold Cook, Harry Nelson, Jack Rdberts, Steve,. Minton, Rose I Malcolm,' Joe Irvin, George Fopt, Bill Coughlin, Kay Weber, Oliver Hejd, Dick Saxton, Mary Jane Burton, Magdeline Fantone, Jean Moses, Bill Fletcher, Herb Bretzloff, John Ely, Walter Wilson, Jane Magnum, Barbara Johnson', Patty Hofftt, Marjorie Ballard, Hazel Topping, and Cary Club salesmen. There will be no meeting on Wednesday, November 20. It is very important , that you be at the office Friday, November 22. —LANCET.
Sophomore Union Wbrkers:' All ushers report to the main lobby of the Music' Hall at 7 p. m. Thursday, November 21. ''
Kappa Psi: Business meeting will be held Friday, November 22, at74 p. m. 'Very important, —SCHAFER.
'Volleyball: Practices Monday, Wednesday, Thursday at 4 p. m. Two practices are required for intramural team. —KIRKOFF.
Independent Staff: No meeting this week because of Thanksgiving vacatton. Dog will be up Monday. —SELKOWITZ. Silver Marie. No meeting Thursday, November 21; Cancelled due to Thanksgiving. —PITCHBR.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Informal initia-r tion next Wednesday, November 27. Signed shingles due Monday. Watch this column. —WIST.
FOB SALE SOB ttdnts II: 1000 for $2: other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
Independent Students: Those students desiring to work on the PIA geographical survey report to PIA office at 4:80 p. m. any afternoon' this week. SMULEyiTZ.
For Rent: Half double room with twin beds, $10. 609 Dodge. Phone 8769.
New Youth for Old Hats If youT/ favorite hat has been taking a kick-ing-around these last few weeks, bring it to us. We’ll clean it and reblock it so it looks like new! The price?
Purd u'e, Ihdlana ^age HH^ At MarSi Bands yfill epfe^ie In Anndal BivaTry
At the same time as the PtirdueIndiana gridiron battle, an equally interesting but less publicized struggle will take place; for a rivalry as intense as that between the teams exists between the Purdue Band and the Indiana Band. Futhermore, the Indiana Band is by far the inost worthy adWsary that the Purdue Band has met this year. A fast stepping, precise, well organized group of musicians* they can be expected to put on a show that will tax the ingenuity arid skill of the Purdue Band to surpass. Yhe Boilermaker musician's have prepared a new sequence of formations for^ this occasion. These include a special formation in honor of Dad's Day, and another honoring Indiana . - The spectators piay look forward to a superior performance from both sides of the field, as each of two great bands seeks to prove its superiority, w.s. Memorial Union To Exhibit
At the suggestion of the School of Civil Engineering, Robert Parks, director of art activities o^ the Memorial Union, has arranged for an exhibit of Pennell a:nd Piranesi architectural drawings that will be of great interest to all engineers, especially to civil engineers. The exhibit will be loaned by the Alden Galleries Of Kansas City, Mo.
Lost: Two jacket coats alongside of Administration bldg., Tuesday night. Reward. 234-Cary Hall North.
CLIFTON WEBB IN COMEDY
Lost: Antique gold pen with gold tastol. Reward. Phone Marge Moore, 66131. Lost: Genuine ostrich tobacco pouch. L. Clark, Phone 2160. Reward. Lost: Glasses in tan case. Probably between Education Bullding and Union. Call room. 8324, Wood Hall. „,
One of the most important offerings of the new theatrical season ii^ the eagerly-awaited appearance of “The Man Who Came to Dinner,” sparkling comedy hit from the gifted pens of Moss Haft and George S. Kaufman, which is due at the Mars theatre Saturday, November 80, for two perform- . ances, matinee and night, “The Man Who Came to Dinner” has been hailed as even funnier than its never-to-be-forgotten “You Can’t Take It With You,” by the same authors and Which, incidentally, won the coveted Pulitzer prize; Produced by Sam H. Harris, “The
Man Who Came to Dinner” made such an instant and emphatic hit in New York that a duplicate com- ' pany had to be organized for Chicago, headed by Clifton Webb, and it is this company, which remained in the' Windy City for upwards of seven months, that we are to see here. The plot, incidents and dialogue of “The Man Who Came to pinner” defy cold type for adequate description; but it should be sufficient to say that virtually every critie who has seen it has gone on record as sayirig that it is the funniest pluy ever-writtferi.
FOE RENT Bw^^tenl-A-Cur 8«rvie«. Can for all oeeaaiona. Min. $2.60 all nigbt. Phono, 2407. Tyvowritan and adding MachfaiM, new and ued, for sale, rent' and tepaired. All makes of portable typewritem, I8B.76 to 169.60. Office supplies. Mimedgiaph and. multlgraph work. C. F. EberahoS. 001 Main St. Phone 2770.
Wanted: Four tickets for Indians game. Will pay reasonable price. Call 81671.
..LATEST ■ .■. V. ■ WORLD WIDE CURRENT EVENTS
m
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Complete World Interpretation Coverage Subscribe Now New Reduced Rate —$2.25 Subscribe at Union West Desk