®he Puriue TSxaanent
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MAY 20, 1937
NUMBER 157
Stage, Stump, Studio Group To View Play At Banquet
King of Shadow Land will reign at the Stage, Stump, and Studio banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the ballroom of Lincoln Lodge. t One of the features of the program will be a one act play written by G. D. Williams, describing the operation of a radio studio. Sound effects used in the presentation of plays on the radio will be demonstrated by the use of a public address system. Cast The cast includes Carl Mueller, B. L. Everett, Ruth Grimm, B. Burns, and Gene Small. Joseph Ries a member of the staff of radio station WLW, will be the guest speaker at the banquet. Tickets will be available at the desk of the Memorial Union Building until noon today. Those desiring transportation to Lincoln Lodge are requested to leave their name at the Union desk.
Choral Clubs Combine For
Annual Dinner
“Intimate Facts In The Life Of Victor Herbert” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Clifford G. Stoker of Lafayette, at the musical organizations dinner Wl^ich will be held tonight at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building ballroom. Stoker was a friend of Victor Herbert’s. Approximately 176 members of the various musical organizations'! including the Concert Choir, University Choir, Girl’s Glee Club, the Men’s Glee Club, and University Orchestra will attend this achievement dinner. Following year reports by the present managers of the organizations who comprise the student Executive Committee,, new managers will be announced. Mrs. Ijrances Leonardson, a former direptor of the Girl’s Glee Club and a conductor and opera singer of renown, will be among the guests. Others who will attend the dinner include: President and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott, Prof, and Mrs. F.C. Hockema. Dean and Mrs. Honesrwell, and Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Stewart.
Ten cents is all a certain tiny coed at Hamline University has to pay to get into any of the local theatres. She is 18 years old and can hardly reach the ticket window.
Dick Fidler
Fidler To Play At Hall Formal
Dick Fidler’s orchestra, which has played over the Columbia and Na tional Broadcasting Systems, has been engaged for the Cary Hall Spring Formal bid dance to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom tomorrow evening. During the last four years the orchestra has broadcast over lead ing radio stations throughout the country. The orchestra has also performed on a commercial program with Olsen and Johnson. Both swing and sweet music are featured by this orchestra. Two pi anos are an instrumental feature, with Fidler sometimes conducting from one piano. The hours for the dance are from 8:30 to 12:30. About five hundred couple are expected to attend.
Students Cast Ballots
In SAA Elections Being Held In Union Today
Officers of the Student Athletic Association for the coming year will be elected by popular vote of S. A. A. ticket book holders today. The polls in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building, conducted by the elections committee of the Student Senate, will be open from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. The nominees for offices are: for
president, W. F. Bailey, R. J. Mueller; vice-president, J. Dilts, C. Swan, B. M. Martin, W. R. Fenstermaker, and J. Ciral; cheer leader. E. L.
Peace poiK^ittee Elects Officers
Members of the Purdue Peace Committee at a meeting Tuesday evening in the Memorial Union Building, elected the following officers: R. A. Buckles, president; S. C. Williams, secretary; M. D. Barrows, treasurer; B. D. Fisher, publicity chairman; and Helen Howard, vicepresident and program chairman. The committee passed the ruling .that any organization may have as many delegates on the committee as they desire, but^that only three students from any one organization may vote. Organizations represented at the meeting Tuesday were the Presbyterian Church, the Roger Williams Club, the First M. E. Church, the University Religious Council, the Purdue Student Alliance, Wesley Foundation, and Scabbard and Blade.
What Makes Leaders?Listen
To “Principles Of Leadership ^
By Gil Hutton
Are you a leader; do you have the characteristics of a leader; do you know the basic requirements for a leader? These are some of the questions that are brought up, discussed, and the results analyzed in Prof. O. F. Hall’s class in “Principles of Leadership,” broadcast each Wednesday from 1:00-l :46 p. m. over radio station WBAA. This educational feature is one of
the popular class room programs featured each week. In these programs coming direct from the class room, an air of informality is found which is rare in most of today’s radio presentations. Both Men And Women Professor Hall’s class is composed of both men and women. Their course of study revolves about various well known world "leaders and characters and each individual’s ability in leadership is studied. Part of the hour is spent as a lecture hour, while the remainder of the time is given over to general discussion of problems in leadership and the principles constituting a good leader. Not infrequently reports on various books pertaining to problems of leadership are prepared and given by members of the class. This not only gives the Student an opportunity for added work aqd extra rosearch in the fields of leadership, but it also affords a small amount of experience of **per-
forming” before a microphone. From Classroom This classroom broadcast, one of several of the same general t3rpe, is resigned especially by WBAA program directors for the purpose of bringing to the radio audience a small portion of the curriculum presented here at the University. Along this same line is the program direct from the class room of Professor Robert Phillips and his class in “American Institutions” on Monday morning at 11:00-11:46. Robert Horn has a speech class that is brought to the radio audience each Wednesday afternoon from 3-3:46; and on Friday from 11-11:46 Professor T. K. Noss takes his class in “Principles of Sociology” into the homes of WBAA’s listening audi-
ence.
Of all the.-pi'ogyams aired from the “radio voice of Purdue,” these educational programs are perhaps more closely followed and boast the largest listening audience' of any presentation.
Wellbrock, A. T. Spencer. Two names appear incorrectly spelled on the ballot. Swan is spelled Swam, while Ciral appears on the ballot as Siral. Purpose The puropse of the S. A. A. is to cooperate in promoting athletic events in the University. The duty of the president is to preside over all meetings of the insignia board and meetings of the Association. At all meetings where the president is not present the vice-president takes over his duties. All candidates are required to have scholastic averages above 3.26 for .all semesters previous to his nomination, to be eligible for office. The old 3.6 scholastic standard was abolished last year when the only candidate for cheer leader had a scholastic average below the 3.5 standard.
Alpha Zeta To Initiate Five
Alpha Zeta, all agricultural scholastic honorary, will greet five new members at the spring initiation banquet in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 tonight. Prof. J. A. EStey, of the history and economics department, is to speak on European affairs. J. W. Scatterday will respond in behalf of the new members to a speech of welcome by J. A. Hoefer, senior member. C. M. Hardin, retiring president, will 'outline the activities and achievements of the past year. Wayne Gingrich is to be toastmaster. Pledges who will be initiated at 4 o’clock this afternoon are: D. V. Catron, J. W. Scatterday, J. C. Dibble, Carle Freese, and R. C. Ziegler. All are junior agricultural students.
Bogue Breaks Leg In Baseball Game
Spenser Bogue, freshman in the school of agriculture, accidentally broke both bones in his right ankle when sliding in at home plate during the Alpha Gamma Rho—Alpha Kappa Lambda interfratemity baseball game last evening on Intramural Field. The breaks were successfully set and he was resting well at the St. Elizabeth Hospital at 9:30 last night.
Student Relations Group Hears Of Old Italy
“Italy” will be the subject of a talk by John Caracciolo, sophomore in the science school, who will talk at a meeting of the student relations group in room C of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 this evening. Caracciolo’s lecture will be another in the series of discussions of the customs of other lands, sponsored by the group. These talks are designed to foster better understanding among students from other countries. '
EXPONENT BOARD
All elected officers of the Exponent and the faculty advisory committee are expected to attend a meeting for discussing 1937-38 business plans of the paper in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon. —MANION.
Stogies, Popcorn, Acrobatics To Pep Up SAA Elections
By Dorothea Justin
Free cigars—two for a nickel ones -will be given the first 49 persons with ticket books who arrive to vote at the S. A. A. polls this morning. Jerry Ciral, in a purple tie and other flambuoyant garments will hand them out.
Good politicians hand out cigars —so Ciral is going the whole hog. A whole box of the loved weeds free, gratis, for nothing. Not only that, but the lone crusader in political turmoil will smoke one of the stogies himself, to prove that they are at least all right. “No Stogies” Say Others Bud Fenstermaker is depending upon his record. The only reason he isn’t passing out smokes is that he’s broke.
Carl Swan, also running for vice president of the S. A. A., only smiled when questioned. Benny Martin and J. A. Dilts couldn’t be reached by telephone last niffht. Their lines rang busy for more than an hour. They were possibly en joying a discussion of the weather. “We aren’t doing anything like passing out cigars,” said Dick Wellb^ock, yell competitor, last night. “We are Ijopeful. I mean I am.” Handsprings Tevie Spencer plans to offer competition to the free cigars by a special show of handsprings, veiled pTOmises of bigger and better yells and cushions on the bleachers.
Spencer will be the custodian of large sacks of popcorn. He will dish it out with a lavish hand. Again, this is just from the goodness of his heart—but if anyone brings a baby, the ward heeler’s in miniature will kiss it for the people, they promise.
Crowell Plans To
Interview Seniors
K. P. Crowell, supervisor of plant training of the Caterpillar Tractor Company, Peoria, 111., will interview engineering seniors today for a type of work which he describes as a two year training course to acquaint new employees with all the standard and specialized processes used in their plant. The men who are chosen are watched closely all through their training and at the end of the two years they are placed in the department for which they have shown the greatest adaptability. All seniors who are interested in this interview must sign up in the office of the head of their respective schools for consideration.
Thomas Appointed
Students May Secure Senate
Petitions At
Office Today
Lt. Joe Mackey polishing a race pylon and starting to turn over on his side.
Air Show Set
For Sunday
‘Bat-wing* parachute jumps, stunt fiying, and sk ywriting will all be featured at the annual American Legion-Purdue Airport air show on next Sunday afternoon, aUthe-TIhi-versity airport.
On the program is Mike “The Flying Irishman” Murphy, first pilot to successfully launch a light airplane from off the top of an automobile. Murphy was the champion prize winner at the All-American Air Race, Miami, Fla., last year, excelling in both light and heavy craft acrobatics. Lieut. Joseph C. Mackey will be another performer. Mackey won the coveted Freddie Lund trophy, highest award in this country for precision acrobatics, at the All-Ameri-can Air Races last year.
In accordance with the iievr amendment adopted by the Student Senate at its last meeting, candidates for the coming senate nominations will be required to present a petition containing the signatures .of 20 per cent of the students enrolled in their school in order to become eligible candidates. In the schools with an enrollment of less than 100, a minimum of 20 names shall be required. A petition fee of $1.00 will be collected upon the issuance of each petition. The nnmber of petitions which may be signed by any one member shall be unlimited. Petitions At Senate Office Petitions will be available all day today at the senate office in the Memorial Union Building and every day thereafter from 4 to 5 p. m. AU petitions must be in by 5 p. m. May 27.
Under the new amendment the following number of signatures will be required for the various schools: School Fr. So.' Jr. Agriculture 54 39 20 Chem. Engineering 36 30 20 Civil Engineering .... 26 20 20 Electrical Eng 39 32 23 Mechanical Eng 94 70 62 Pharmacy 32 names—2 selected from whole school Public Service Eng 39 names—2 Engineering Law elected from Industrial Education combinalion Physical Education Science 50 34 23 Home Economics 43 37 20
Prospective Fall Mentors To Gather
Arnold Thomas, freshman engineer, has received the principal local appointment to the U. S. Military Academy at West Point. The appointment Came from Charles A. Halleck, o^ Rensselaer, congressman from the second Indiana congressional district. Thomas has already passed his physical and mental'Examinations, and will report to West Point on July 1.
POMM Elects Officers
New officers of the Purdue Order of Military Merit were elected last night at a meeting of that organization in the Armory. Those elected were; Captain, P, S. Emrick; 1st Lieutenant, G. F. Springman; 2nd Lieutenant, 'C. E. Maahs; 1st Sergeant, W. C. Musham; Supply Sergeant, W. H. Wood.
Co-eds interested in mentor work,
next fall must attend the W. S. G. A. meeting this afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Georgianna Huber, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, and Louise Bain, chairman of the transfer women’s committee, will outline tentative plans for next semester and.changes in last year’s program at this meeting. Mentors for next fall will be chosen from those attending this meeting. Any co-ed wishing to be a mentor who can not attend should call Miss Huber or Miss Bain before the meeting.
ROTC Cadet Officers Meet Reserve Men
At Military Smoker
Cadet officers of the University ROTC Corps were guests of the Tippecanoe chapter reserve officers at a smoker held in the faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building last night at 7:30. The purpose of tl?e smoker was to enable the cadet officers to become better acquainted with the reserve officers. The main speakers were Lieutenant Colonel Carlos Brewer, and Colonel Sherburne, the chief of staff of the Indiana military area.
Drever Will
Head Skull
And Crescent
J. R. Drever, Delta Tau Delta, was elected president of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for men, for the coming jrear at an initiation banquet held last night at 7 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Following-tne dinner short talks were given by G. A. Young and C. S. “Pop” Doan, faculty advisors, and honorary members of the organization. Professor Young spoke on “The Traditions of the University,” while Doan talked on “The Social Contacts And Benefits Of The Organization.” Initiated Formal initiation for the 35 pledges was held in the Mechanical Engineering Building preceding the banquet. Other officers who were elected are: R. J. Scymanski, Phi Kappa, vice-president; P. E. Oxley, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, secretary; R. E. Insley, Sigma Nu, treasmer; and A. R. Shackleton, Beta Theta Pi, serg-eant-at-arms.
Under influence of the collegeiate atmosphere, a watchmaker who has his shop near the campus of Temple University) hung this sign out: “EXSPERT WATCH REPAIRING’*
North WRHHas More Single Rooms; No Sleeping Porches
By Sally McKee
Eighty upperclass women residents, more single rooms, no sleeping porches, double rooms in place of the rooms witib slQi^ping pQgdMt' IB the present hall—^these are some of the differences between the new and old Women’s Resfdence Halls. The new hall, to be called Women’s Residence Hall North, will have Miss Roberta Connolly as head resi-
dent. Miss Helen Schleman will remain as director of both halls, and Miss Naomi Maguire will continue as supervisor of food and housekeeping. Garden
Between the halls there will be a garden of grass lawn furnished with garden chairs and tables and with scattered floral beds. Here (»- eds may relax after school in the fall and spring afternoons.
The two halls will accomodate fiSQi girls, 80 of whom will be upiiery class women who will live in the new hall. The present infirmary will he redecorated this sununer for rooms and the infirmary for both halls wiB be located nes^t year in the North
haU.
Miss Connolly received her masters degree at Ohio State in 1885. She subse<|uently trav^ed in Europe and studi^ in Paris.
H
I
' Pt
Aft' - •
^ J '‘im'»*■'■■"- ' ' '".' ■'• '■ ■ ' '"'THfi'fmDUE’BXHJtelTO’-''-
^ pv-'.'. JJftn^JSS
!' A
tEl^e $itrlitte Exponent
PMmiwI In iMt
*I
latMtud M Moond el«8« matter at the po«t offiee. Ipafaxette. Indiamu Delivered ^ —« RA ; delivered by eiwrier. vet year; doid by a ehurle ebpy. 2
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BnslBMa Phone 60S8
OFFICE—S12 North Fifth Street Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF R, P. Manion
J. E. Brock
n A. Iteilev. U. a. Hardin. C. D, Schroeder.
H. I. Stanback, i>. K. Vance
SPORTS STAFF ^ ^ ^
Associate Editors
.T. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
WOMEN’S STAFF Elizabeth Pyke
Associate Editors
Mary Cooley. Dorothea Justin, Ssdly McKee
Issue Editor—D. G. Terrio
Work Or Rest— The Recess Prepares One For Finals Final examinations are coming up within less than two weeks and most students have realized that mere coasting along scholastically must come to an end if the semester’s record is to come through unblemished. Despite efforts to catch up in their courses, however, not a few students will go into their finals without having organized the subject material adequately permit them either to do justice to their examinations or to give them a comprehensive view of the course. A plan in effect at some schools which provides opportunity for students to prepare themselves for finals is to allow a recess of three days to a week immediately preceding the exams. Under this system, notes can be organized and a thorough, methodical review can be accomplished by the student who feels that he should study. Any student who has worked hard enough throughout the semester to keep up in his work can use the time for relaxation. Whether the student studies or relaxes, the recess brings about its purpose of preparing him for his iin^s; rest b^ore exams is as valuable frequently as cramming. We have heard no objections to the plan either from students who have worked under it or from students who have merely considered and discussed it. At least the idea seems worthy of a trial.
This Is A Gripe Indiana’s weather has been known to be quite changeable. If we are judged correct in that assumption, permit us to venture one more. Is not weather a chief topic of conversation? You agree with us? We thought you would. Now that we have established weather as a chief part of our conversation, please allow us to blast that theory. The weather at one time may have been supreme as a talking point, but today it has been reduced to a mere breeze of its former gust-o. We believe a topic is no longer important in conversation. It matters not about what you talk, but how you talk about it. In other words a mode of speaking has replaced subject matter. Today the “gripe” mode is supreme. To be in fashion and acceptable in the best circles, you must speak in disparaging tones with a full-grown frown of disgust covering your countenance. We say, “The food was lousy . . . the dance was terrible . . . the professor gets in my hair . . . they abuse me . . . life is awful.” Everything from University regulations to recreation becomes a “gripe.” Perhaps this attitude of perpetual disfavor is an outgrowth of freedom of speech, but we doubt it. More likely it is a result of an attempt to be sophisticated and bored with it all. Some say it is a healthy attitude to find fault, for from criticism comes reform. A “gripe” can hardly be classified as criticism, for the latter implies thought. If we indulged in the “gripe” less frequently, we might revert to the more healthy mode of constructive criticism. Let’s not cry wolf all of the time, then someone might listen when we disapprove. V^at did you say? You think we are “griping” about the “gripes?” Well, we were. —A. H. F.
Hapless Degree Candidates Somtime during the second semester or eacii year a number of seniors and graduate students are informed that they cannot get a degree in June because they have not fulfilled this requirement or that requirement during the course of their studies. Graduate students, especially, come up missing in June because their requirements are more complicated and because these students do not make a rigid check of hours and credits with the dean at the beginning of their last two semesters. Instead they are inclined to leave the matter of clearance of the various barriers to a degree pretty largely to the head of the department in their major subject. The latter may or may not be posted on a student’s individual delinquencies. When students ask how they were to kno)y one rule or another, the deans, clerks, or secretaries interviewed invariably answer, “It’s in the Catalog.” This may be true, but all the rulings set forth in the Catalog do not lend themselves to the immediate comprehension of those for whom they are intended. Furthermore, most students do not have readily available any more recent Catalog than that of their freshman year, and are not prone to examine one without previous instruction to do so. A possible solution for the confusion found in the present system would be to hold a required convocation—perhaps two, one for seniors and one for post graduates—at the beginning of the first semester for candidates seeking June degrees. At this convocation all the requirements for obtaining a degree should be explained in a comprehensive manner, and time should be allowed for students to ask questions pertaining to their individual problems or to requirements they do not und^rst^nd.—Indiana Daily Student.
FOR NEW~SMART
CABS
EAST SIDE WEST SIDE Ride in the Best for Lqss
DeCIJXE CAB COMPANY
Corner Fifth and Ferry Call 2151 — Radio Equipped
CO-ED|TppiALS
W. S. G. A, is offering to outstanding co-eds the opportunity to work with freshmen girls next September. Now upperclas^ women are being carefully chosen to direct the initial steps of the new women students. Today—there is a general mass meeting of co-ed leaders, who wish to co-operate with the Women’s Self Governing Association in its active mentor program. A special committee will interview the prospective mentors next week in an effort to select capable girls. Aiding the freshmen next fall is an opportune time for girls who are not working in activities to share in campus life. When students become juniors and seniors, they feel that they know fewer people on the campus. This is true because the freshmen class is the largest group on the campus. Through the W. S. G. A. mentqr system co-eds are able to make helpful contacts with the incoming freshmen girls. Co-eds who are especially interested in personnel work, would appear to be excellent mentors. New girls have said that the mentors were a great help to them in the bewildering first month of college. However, the mentor gains as much as the freshman learns. She gathers confidence as she explains to the newcomers the simple rudiments of college life; namely—where buildings are located, what dresses to wear on occasions, the proper meetings to attend, where to get faculty help, where to buy books and supplies, and campus activities. By the grip of her welcoming handshake and by her kindly conversation with the new co-ed—^a mentor may change a freshman year from confusion to freedom from worry.
E. C. PYKE, Co-ed Editor.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
FIRST OF ALL I wish to announce to all ye readers the NEW POLICY of the B & B... It will no longer be a catalogue of pin pushers .. . It will be shorter (that’s not hard) and funnier, I HOPE .
His friends say that DU, SAM WULETICH, is doing everything ih his' power to get his name in Bold and Black ... I hope he’s satisfied . . .
POME Oh ,the Martins and the Hasses, They’re well-known Purdue Profses; At the art of flunking students they’re the tops. They kin flunk a stewdunt quicker Than it takes yore eye to flicker; Oh, woe is me, I hope this slaughter stops! —R. J. M.
Soph—You want to keep your eyes open around here today. Frosh—^Why? Soph—People will think you’re a damn fool if you go around with them shut.
I hear that “Jeanie-pie” HALLAM has been kicked out of school . Oh, dear . . . what will I do without her to write about . . .
DR. NELSON—I don’t mind your looking at your watches, but I do object to your listening to see if they’re still running
It has been rumored that the annual S. S. S. banquet tonight will be some doin’s . . . (that’s STAGE,
LUMA
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
70 Minutes of Howls, Hysterics and Music
He chased trigger men and ran into romance!
A thrill with every \ click of the meter!
liAiri
Now Showing DOUBLE FEATURE
^HOLLYWOOD'S ✓HOIDEST ROMAnrCIf
^ . withra grand new star to storm
your heart!.,.
Introducing AIPN WALBROOK
OIOK rORAN • ERI O'BRIIN.MODRR aUN RHRRIDAN JLORCRf PARRAt..
Matinees Only 15c
with EUZABETH ALLAN MARGOT GRAHAME AKIM TAMIROFF ERIC RLORE FAY BAlN T E R
“—and then he pulls that line about how in the spring a young man’s fancy turns to what I’ve been thinking about all winter.”
STUMP, and STUDIO to the uninitiated) . . . it’s to be held at LINCOLN LODGE and, well, food isn’t the only thing they sell . . .
DON’T FORGET about the jokes, pomes, etc, for the MARS PASSES . . . MARS PASSESS . . . MARS PASSES ...
ARE YOU GETTING AJS EXPONENT?
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
“Professors may be absentminded, but they’re cagey.” Justification offered by Professor Finley Foster of Western Reserve University.
ARC
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Johnny Mack Brown
‘Valley of Lawless” —and— Jack Holt in “Crash Donovan” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
D uring the January floods, Western Electric—Service Of Supply to the Bell System—once again set in motion its machinery for meeting disasters. From its three factories and many distributing points, it rushed telephone materials of every kind into the flood stricken areas. Day and night, telephone men and women worked to maintain and restore communication. Dramatic as is this emergency Service Of Supply, it is really no more important than Western Electric’s everyday work. For 55 years, it has backed up the Bell System with an endless flow of quality equipment. A major factor in making your telephone so far reaching, so dependable!
Why not give the family a ring tonight? Rates to most points dre lowest after 7 P- M. and all day Sunday-
KKLL TELIMMIOXK’’’l
ThitafBday, May 20,196? ' ■
■■Ml
THS FDBDDE BXTONEMT
Bbiletihaker Trackmen
By G. W. Breuer ‘ One of the year’s finest assemblages of track stars will come together tomorrow and Saturday at Ann Arbor, Mich., for the thirtyseventh annual Big Ten Championship meet. Four Olympians and three world record holders will head the list of 254 entries. Four Big Ten teams are listed as favorites in the battle for the team title. Indications point to a close battle betvleen Indiana, Michigan, Ohio State and Wisconsin. Seven Boilermakers Coach Martin 4s sending seven candidates to represent the Gold afid Black at Michigan’s Ferry Field. Lemen, star hurdler for Purdue, is entered in the 220 yard low hurdles while Gutting will run the 120 yard high sticks. Luther and Terhune are entered in the quarter mile and Sines in the pole vault. Bodeau And Delong Out Williamson and Witwer are listed as participating. Lemen, Terhune, Luther, and Witwer will handle the mile relay. Both Bodeau and Delong are out with injured feet. The tightest contest will probably be between Lemen and Osgood, Captain of the Michigan squad, who have been running the hurdles in the same time all year.
'TODAY — FRI. — SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS
HE FOUGHT FOR LOVE... OFHGHTIN'!
PLUS—
A Toading action, drama and j mad love.
liMiruwsAir
Nat Pendleton
This year’s meet will have an additional incentive as the three top places in each event will automatically qualify for a trip to Caliform ia. Next month the winners and the runners up will leave for the coast for a dual meet between the Western and Pacific Coast Conferences.
BASEBALL Diamond 7— Wiiiner (Alpha Gamma Rho vs. . Alpha Kttppa Lambda) vs. Winner (Signia Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon). Umpire— Balftlin^.' 8— Winner (Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa'Tau) vs. Winner (Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta ). Umpire—Chapman. 9— Loser (Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda) vs. Loser (Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon). Umpire— Gillis. 10—Loser (Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau) vs. Loser (Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta.) Umpire—Zachary.
Athletic Honorary Tests End Tuesday
The final day for passing Sigma Delta Psi tests for fraternity participation points is May 26. All of the fraternities will receive 26 participation points for each man who passes the requirements for the athletic honorary before next Tuesday. In addition to the regular Thursday afternoon session for passing tests, F. E. Fields will be available every afternoon until Tuesday to oflSciate the tests. Applicants should leave word at the Intramural office as to where they want Fields to meet them, the pool, gym, or stadium.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers.
Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sis., W. Ij.
tfan*"
“The Iron Man,” Don Lash, holder of the world’s two-mile record, will be seeking to set new marks at the Conference track meet at Ann Arbor tomorrow and Saturday.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Moses vs. Berg. Chapline vs. Breen. Lucek vs. Woodson. Lentz vs. Hebbler. Swinney vs. (Duval or Blessing).
WARD TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Winner (Morganegg vs. Breen) vs. Winner (Parke vs. C. Milner) Winner (Billings vs. Johnson) vs. Winner (Lownie vs. I^ontius) Winner (Chapline vs. Frasier) vs. Winner (Woodruff vs. Wilks)
Dolphin, Triton Clubs Hold Swim Tonight
Following the open swim from 7:30 to 8 o’clock tonight a swimming party for members of Dolphin and Triton swimming clubs will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. May 27 there will be a life saving class from 7:30 to 8:15 and an open swim from 8:15 to 9:15.
Frosh Co-ed ‘Blues’ Win
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The freshman co-ed “blue” team won a 16 to 6 victory over the sophomore team in the co-ed baseball game played yesterday. This was the first game in the inter-class tournament which is in progress.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits' Photo Supplier 105 Vine St West Lafayette
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
at Dawn”,-the slot-ma-chine czar who doesn’t stop at murder!
If ■ — ■ . . .. KING OF CpAMBLERS
—EXTRA— Jimmy Lunceford And His Orchestra
Joe Palooha ^in
“Taking the Count”
MASS
Czar of the Slot-Machines-CLAIRE TREVOR • LLOYD NOLAN AKIM TAMIROFF • LARRY CRABBE HELEN BURGESS- PORTER HALL
TODAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Headlining the '«ports program for the week is the 37th annual Big Ten Conference Track and Field Meet which will be lidd on Michigan’s Ferry Field May 21 and 22 ... two' y^ars ago on the same field Jesse Owens, then a sophomore at Ohio State, broke three world’s records and tied another for one of the most spectacular performances in the history of athletics ... —^fc— Although no such outstanding individual star as Owens has yet made his appearance on any track this spring, four Olympians and three world record holders will be there to provide a galaxy of stars for the meet . . . Dave Albritton, Ohio State jumper who placed second in the Berlin games, heads the list of Olympic stars . . . Albritton’s record of 6 feet 9 and 3-4 in. has since been equaled by his team mate, Mel Walker. He set a universal indoor mark at the Butler Relays . . . —^fc— Don Lash and Tommy Deckard, Indiana’s great distance stars, and Sam Stoller, Michigan sprinter, are the other members of the American Olympic squad appearing ^n the meet . . . Michigan’s Bill Watson and Bush Lamb, Iowa’s defending champion in the javeMn will each be entered in four events . . . this places them in the mythical Iron Men’s Club . . . —^fc— Michigan, Wisconsin, Indiana, and Ohio State are the four favorites in the meet ... a close race between Michigan and Indiana for first place team honors is expected . . . Coach Orville Martin has entered seven members of the Boilermaker team in the meet ... a large crowd of fans is expected to accompany the team to Ann Arbor.
STANDINGS
—National League— Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh " 17 6 .739 St. Louis 14 10 .579 New York 13 12 .620 Brooklyn 11 12 .478 Chicago 12 ’ 12 .500 Cincinnati 8 13 .381 Boston 8 13 .381
Philadelphia 10
15
.400
Yesterday’s Results
Chicago, 3; Brooklyn, 1. Boston-Cincinnati, (night game), Philadelphia, 5; Pittsburgh, 4.
New York; St. Louis. —American League— Won Lost Pet.
Philadelphia 12 8 .600 New York 13 9 .591 Cleveland 10 8 .555 Detroit 12 11 .521 Boston 9 10 .474 Washington 11 13 .458 Chicago 9 12 . .429 St. Louis 8 13 .380 Yesterday’s Results Detroit, 9; Philadelphia, 0. Washington, 9; St. Louis, 8. All others games rained out.'
Chi Epsilon Arranges Civil Engineer Outing
Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering. honorary, and the staff of the civil engineering school are cooperating in giving a picnic for the members of the senior civil class this afternoon at Ross Camp. The members of the group will meet at 2 p. m. in front of the Civil Engineering Building and go out in the cars of the various faculty members. A list of the cars going and the number of students each will carry is posted on the bulletin board of the senior drafting room of the Civil Engineering Building. The program for the afternoon includes baseball, horseshoes, relays, ping pong, and a variety of other indoor and outdoor sports. There will be a weiner roast with other refreshments at 5:30 p. m.
Alphn Phi Omega, Scout Honorary, Initiates Five Formal initiation of the 26 pledges of; Alpha Phi Qmega, national Boy Scout honorary, was held last night in the Memorial Union Building at 7:^0 p. m. Election of officers for the following year followed the initiation ceremony. The men elected were: D. G. Moore, junior industrial engineer, president; T. A. Feucht, junioif , M. E., vice-president; P. T. Frangos, sophomore, Ch. E., treasurU; and Ira Gastfito, sophomore C‘. E,, secretary.
Tommy Deckard, second only to Don Lash among college two-milers will be helping Lash fight for “Old L U.” at the Conference track meet.
Orchesis Will Present Dances On Guest Night
Orchesis, co-ed dancing organization, will sponsor an informal guest night. May 26 at 8 o’clock'in the Women’s Gymnasium, following the Triad co-ed banquet. Members of Orchesis will give original dance compositions and demonstrate dancing technique. In addition to the,dancing by Orchesis members, 60 girls from regular classes will give group dancing exhibitions. The organization invites the public to attend.
Lou Fonseca " Will Appear WithBaUaub
Lou Fonseca, American Leagme “goodwill ambassador,” will appear with the Purdue baseball sqoad in an exhibition game this afternoon at 3:30 in Columbian Park. Fonseca ,a former American League star and erstwhile manager of the Chicago White Sox, is travelling around the country promoting good will for major league baseball. A public address system has been installed so that the spectators can hear his words of advice to the plAyers. Fonseca will not only appear with the Boilermaker squad but will also work out with other local teams. In the evening the baseball emissary will attend a banquet at Jefferson High School and directly following this a group of selected major league baseball pictures will be shown in the gym. The public is invited to attend the ball games and the pictures.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★ FRATERNITY ‘B’ DOUBLES
TODAY—4:15 Winner (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau) vs. Winner (Sigmia Pi vs. Lambda Chi). Winner (Pi Kappa Alpha vs. A. T. O.) vs. Winner (S. A. E. vs. Acacia). Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Winner (Triangle vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon) Phi Delta Theta vs. Winner (Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho).
LYI^E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, bat we do it well ' Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
IN A
There’s an elegant swish to the evening frocks we’ve collected for dancing under summer stars. There are nets, organdies, sheers, mousseline de soie and cottons in dark colors and the softest of creamy pastels. You’ll feel like the princess in the story book in any one of these lovely dancing dresses.
10’" $25®®
'vN’ '/
m
^^‘,1} >.(-I >[t): ^1 j^r: Tws PVBPVE Exponent
Thursday, May 20, 1987
^ifeen riU Speak At AIEE Meeting “Technical And Non-Technical Engineering” will be Prof. C. B. Aiken’s, subject when he addresses the Purdue division of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers at their meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Professor Aiken is the technical advisor of WBAA and received his M. A. and Ph. D. degrees at Harvard. Before coming to the University, Aiken was employed by the Bell Telephone Company.
Student Alliance Chooses Officers Officers of the Purdue Student Alliance for the coming year were elected at the last business meeting of the year in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building last night at 7 p. m. The officers are tis follows: chairman, R. A. Buckles; vice-chairman, Helen H. Howard; secretary-treas-urer, M. Mirkin; publicity chairman, S. P. Steinbach; program chairman, D. A. Goodwell; membership chairman, B. B. Fisher.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
The thlnUiiK fellow eslle A YELl.OV\ V.8 FORD TAXI CAR Black Care for Special Occasiona 26c per pasaentrer any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dolman To Interview Engineering Seniors D. H. Dolman, of the Goodman Manufacturing Company, manufacturers of electric mining machinery, Chicago, 111., will be on the campus tomorrow to interview mechan'cal and electrical engineering seniors for employment with his company. The type of work will be along advertising and publicity lines.
THE NEW SPEED-O'PRINT
GREATEST VALUE EVER OFFERED IN A FULL SIZE Hand Feed ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR
Automatic Feed
$32“ 111 SAVE TIME m MONEY
IIIIII ... REPRODUCE YOUR OWN LETTERS, IIIIII MENUS, OFFICE FORMS, CIRCULARS, llllli BULLETINS, PRICE LISTS, FACTORY nilII FORMS, CARTOONS, CARUS. HAYWOOD’S RETAIL DEPT. PHONE 4085 5th & Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Ind.
h r ^ I Jut H' ?■ I Fr
Here’s a height-of-the-season sale of Summer white shoes that will sweep you off your feet. You wouldn’t expect prices like these for another 90 days. It’s a real chance to save on the season’s footwear.
$098
BUDGET SHOES—DOWNSTAIRS LOEB & HENE CO,
WBAA —TODAY-
1:00-
1:15-
11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11:16—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeep-
ing.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Give Us A Song. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—John Brubaker and the Rhythm Swingsters. 12:45—Market and Weather
Reports.
-Ar^ne Summers, con-'
tralto.
-Better Expression, Mr.
A. R. Rolfs.
1:30—Geography in the News Helen Bartholomew. 1:45—Home Helps and Hap-
penings.
2:00—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W. Haskins. 2:15—Edith Hines. 2:30—Wendell Compton. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—We Have Music, Larry
Roark.
3:15—Chast With the House-
wife.
3:30—^Mrs. Chas. Swain. 3:45—Education and Society. 4:00—Jane Anderson, pianist.
Military Group Arranges Farewell Picnic For Seniors Junior cadet officers in Scabbard and Blade, honorary military fraternity, will entertain the senior members of the organization with a farewell picnic Saturday night at Barton’s Beach. All of the members and the army officers will meet at the Armory at 5 o’clock where transportation will be provided.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. KIBK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4tf Seholts Bldg. Plion* 57tl
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119^2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
DorneFs Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating,, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Flowers from ClarFs for Formats CLARKES FLOWER SHOP 627 MAIN ST. PHONE 6432
LOOK "30” a* "50”
Are men as careful about their personal appearance as women? Have Crown clean and press your clothes regularly.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Accounting Expert Lectures Today Classes on the operation of modern business calculators and accounting methods will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 8 a. m. to 2 p. m. today. A series of lectures of approximately regular cHass length will be given by representative Lawrence of the Burroughs Company with the assistance of Smith of the local branch office. Along with the lectures there will be an exhibit of modern developments in business equipment by the Burroughs Adding Machine Company. A general discussion will be held in the north end of the ballroom from 2 to 4 p. pi, this afternoon.
Classified Ads.
forms for Senate nominations upon payment of $1 fee at Senate office during the following hours: May 20, 2-4 p. m.; May 21, 24, 26, 26, 4-6 p. m.; May 27, 2-6 p. m. Petitions must be returned by May 27. —ELLIOTT.
Silver Mask—Meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building 7:80 t. m. May 20. —ANTUCSHKO.
Alpha Zeta—Members and pledges meet in Ag Hall at 4 o’clock May 20 for initiation. —HARDIN.
Phi Lambda Upsilon New Members— Membership certificates maye be obtained in room 410 of Chemistry Building. —SANDERS. Mechanical And Electrical Engineering Seniors—^D. H. Dolman, of the Goodman Manufacturing Company, manufacturers of electrical mining machinery, will interview seniors interested in publlcty work for
SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING
Offie* StoHoMiy . . E^eddlnfl InvtWlMM
PHONE - fahiBcrfmEle..., 618 CASSEL*S 408irEiaii'
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—Orapge and gold Parker pen and pencil set. Call Buckley, 5065.
For Sale —Corona poi-table typewriter. Call Klaiber. 7026.
Lost—On campus. May 15, black, loose leaf note book. Call McKee 51153.
Summer Employment—Students interested in summer work meet in room C of the Union Friday, May 21, at 7 p. m.
For Rent—Unfurnished 3-room and kitchenette apartment. Phone 46384.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p.
Delta Rho Kappa—initiation postponed until May 26. —PITCH. W. A. A. Archery—Anyone interested in participating in the Intercollegiate Archery Tournament must see Miss Russell immediately. No practices required. —WARD. Student Senate—Meeting May 18 at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. Professor Gunn will speak. S. A. A. elections May 20. —ROHYANS G. E. 113—Glass will meet May 20 at 8 a. m. in the ballroom of the Memori^ Ua ion Building. —CLARK.
Stage, Stump, And Studio Banquet—^AIl tickets must be purchased or ordered before noon, May 20. Each salesman must report the number of sales to Callis at the Playshop office May 19 between 4 and 6:80 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Pi Tau Sigma—Picnic at Rotary Park is postponed until May 27. Meet at Mechanical Building at 1 p. m. for transportation. Officers will be elected. —WAIT.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—^Meeting May 20 at 7:80 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building for the election of officers. —KETTLE.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to Happy Hollow meet at the Women’s Gymnasium May 22 at 2 p. m. —CAMPBELL.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games will be called promptly at 4 p. m. May 20. Freshman “Blue” team vs. Freshman “Orange” team. Sophomores vs. Seniors. —TUBBS. Scabbard And Blade— Farewell picnic for senior members 6 p. m. May 22. Meet at the Armory. Transportation will be furnished. —BAKER.
Sigma Pi Sigma Associates—Picnic will be held May 22 at Ross Camp. Anyone wishing to attend see Dr. Miller concerning transportation. There will be a charge of 26 cents for supper. —BLALOCK.
ther company on May 21.
-WALTERS.
Mechanical, Chemical, and Civil Ei^ineering Seniors—K. P. Crowell, supervisor of plant training of a Caterpillar Tractor Company, will interview seniors Hay 20 for a two year training course in the Caterpillar Company. -WALTERS.
Kappa Delta PI—Meeting in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. May 20. —CHANCELLOR.
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. J. SPERB HDW. 822 Main
c 0 R S A G E
Exquisite designs in corsages, delicate flowers of any kind, arranged in a most charming manum*. She is sure to be more than pleased with one of our distinctive and beautiful corsages. DELIVERED ANYWHERE ON TIME
Luna Theatre Bldg.
KCa
Phones 8050—7955
4UieaiTTLEFENPRIC»
AND DON’T FORGET TO VOTE MY WAYt!
Lucky Candklate Co have LITTLE FENDRICH rawpaigning for him and it’s a cinch that after he’s the new class president they’ll still cast their votes anytime for LITTLE FENDRICH PANBTELAS!! The favorite dgar among young men for years... \
Little
Purdue Engineer—^All freshmen and sophomore workers report to Engineer office at 4 p. m. May 20, for circulation work. —GILBERT
Student Senate—Convocation Committee will meet in the Senate office at 4 p, m. May 21. —DEAN.
Senate Nominationa— Secure petition
II'! 4SI' ItlEOil'MihJ I li 'tVli I! ill IhJ DrlfOilK li' iV .ii'iSilif i