I''' ‘ ’•’’P
i 4i
..it.v V-'.8!.
■^'f^ M ‘ '•*'« ’i. , " 5 .
\^‘ ’ ^ , I Playshop Scores Hif With Comedy
By Lee Rutfner, Exponent Managing Editor
Playshop opened the season last night with the best comedy we have witnessed in many a moon. Parts usually considered too sophis-. ticated for college players were carried by Volume 53, No. 34 the actors with just enough of the touch of
i.
I. f fi
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 16# I6II
amateurism to give the play an added attraction. It would be difficult to name the best performance of the evening but sincd Haskell Metz as Erwin, the timid soul had the most to say, he probably deserves the most cred-
it.
Wood Scores As Mable Close behind was Caroline Wood, carrying off the assignment of Mable, flaming .torch of the East End with a dash that was laughable to say the least. As a hard-bitten trio of horse players, Richard Kohls, William Miller, and Ray Nihan filled the air with a group of deadend accents that made us think of the Kids themselves, ' George Zissis’ bartender “wid a yen fer good potry” was as potent as the watery rye he served to Erwin. ' Barbara Nord added beauty to the scene occasionally and Oakley Gordon did a convincing job as the drip that is usually seen in a play of this type. Good Opening Dhe opening night went off with a minimum of the usual opening night boners; the scenery was welldone as usual, and Bill Beam and Sam Marks deserve credit for adopting a difficult play to an excellent presentation. In the bit parts, Charles Greenhill, Oakley Gordon, Harry Smith, Sarah Jane Murfey, Arthur Barab, and Betty Gray did well, with Bernard Berman lagging a little ‘ in spots.
MAMMOTH PEP SESSION TONIGHT AT 6:45 .p'*"
Coeds Will Lead Pep Parade FcstiVltiCS To Station For Yells, Songs Next Week
Tau Kappa Alpha To Assemble Prof. James Troop Here For Regional Convention Dies Tuesday Night
After Short Illness
Students from colleges and schools in Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Kentucky will convene tomorrow and Saturday for the Fourth annual Regional Tau Kappa Alpha congress. The national forensic honorary will hold this year’s convention
here in the Union building.
Registration will begin Friday morning at 10 in the Great Hall of the Union. Representatives are expected from nine
Program Wifi Incfudc Exhibitions, Dances Banquets, swimming exhi-
Exponent Offers I’ositions To Coeds On Business Staff
Exponent coed business staff will provide an opportunity for freshman, sophomore, and junior coeds to join an entirely new staff this afternoon at 4 p. m. No previous experience is necessary and junior coeds are particularly desired. This new staff is divided into
Tonight’s edition of the series of super pep sessions giving the football team an inspired send off for Ohio State will feature a campus coed procession entitled “Petticoat Parade.”
,, . , A . Campus coeds, comprising the parade, will begin to assemble ^ HorticuKure Authorify p, at 6:15, swinging down to b>tn>n3, pep sessions, dances, joined Staff In 1884 |wHR and all the other houses before taking their place in the lawn exhibits, and class rennPrif. James Troop, the -crandVoup massing in front of the Union. *“ '‘“P
P , , . 4. e Indiana horticulture,”! Led by Gold Peppers, with Skull and Crescent members ^ ^ j • Lrcta„t?,f “ “* ^ clearing the road, the girls will march in the parade across game during state chaolera. „ the Wabash immediately behind the Homecoming W^k-end, a^
players who will ride in twelve con- cording to E. BEUgn^ eX0Cvertibles covered with 1,200 yards utive Secretary of the Univerof black and gold crepe paper. One gity Alumni Association, of the largest turnouts of any pep Annual alumni banquet session yet is expected for the pa- , , •n , i n rade which leaves the Union at ^hich Will be held Friday,
at
state chapters.
Following the registiation noon, a luncheon will be held in rooms 332 and 324 of the Union. Presiding over the luncheon will be Margo Fargo of Indiana Univer-
sity. Prof. George Beauchamp of ticulture and Manchester College will address the University.
Before joining the staff here in
Burnham City Hospital in Champaign, 111. Born on March 14, 1853, in Bennington, N. Y., he died at the age of 88, after a two weeks’ illness. Prof. Troop was professor emeritus of the department of bor-
entomology at the
group, after a welcome to the University by R. B. Stewart, controller. Prof. Beauchamp is the district gov-
ernor of Tau Kappa Alpha. Committee Holds Hearings ^ Committee hearings on labor un-
ions, price-fixing, defense production, military training, and freedom of the seas will be held in various
1884, Professor Troop taught agriculture for fpur years at Michigan State College, aftev graduating from that school in 1878. He also completed work there on an advanced degree, obtaining it in 1880.
Brings Trees From Russia Starting his long list of achieve-
Veterinary Meeting Features Address By Dr. H. W. Jakeman Dr. H. W. Jakeman of Boston, Mass., president of the American Veterinary Medical Association, addressed yesterday afternoon’s session of the" twenty-ninth annual
6:45. Boilermaker Special Leads Out in front of all will be the Boilermaker Special carrying co-
October 24, opens the festivities for the week-end. This year’s banquet will honor Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, director of the
captains Tommy Melton and Jim University band since 1905, six seMiller, behind which will be a ten- nior members of the 1916 football piece band followed by the rest of team who will be celebrating their
three parts: art, merchandising, rooms of the Union from 2 to 4:30 at the University, in 1885, Short Course for veterinarians. The
and stenography. Coeds will be P;™- Friday afternoon. At the same p^ot. Troop imported 100 trees shifted from one department to an- tiiwe, the Executive Council meet- from Russia to replace those killed other to get experience in all three, ing will be held in room 261 of the frost of the preceding win-
Ohio State Victory Caravan Tickets Ohio State Bus Excursion tickets must be applied for by 5 p7m. today. Unless 40 tickets are sold, Mtursion will have to be called off. Apply at Fieldhouse Ticket
office.
Mayor Killian Talks To Lafayette Police At Annual Banquet Mayor Killian of Lafayette was the principal speaker at the fourth annual police banquet yesterday evening. His talk was extemporaneous, and he spoke for the citizens of Lafayette in congratulating the police department of Lafayette for their fine work. Congressman Halleck of the 2nd District and Roy Street, Lafayette attorney, also
spoke.
Musical Program Jeanne Lloyd, accompanist for the University and Concert Choirs, played the solovox, an organ-like attachment for the piano during the dinner. The Concert Choir sang, with Charles Powell singing the popular melodies, and Frank Hopf, John Mingle, Marvin Smith, Bob Molitor, Ray Friend, Jim Chase, and A1 Hubert in special numbers. Alberta Schmadel, soprano, was the soloist for the final number, “God Shall Guide Us,” by Victor Herbert. The banquet, an annual affir of the Fraternal Order of Police, was held in the east facqlty lounge of the Union, a.w. Education Research Gets New Apparatus H. H. Remmers, of the Division of Educational Research, has announced that a new piece of equipment has been added to the test scoring machinery now used at the University. This is the graphic item counter which gives a rapid and accurate count of the number of cprrect and incorrect responses to each question on a grven test. Using the results of this count, the instructor can single out the items which are not clear to the students, and explain them more thoroughly at the next meeting of the class. The costs of the new service will be borne in part by the Division of Educational Research of the University and in pairt by the Department using the service, d.e.g. Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, Oct. 25. ' Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject ip given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s I Office. fican o| Men _
Union. Representing the Purdue
chapter wrll be Ed Johnson. Prof. Frank Hall of the Univer-
sity history department will address members and friends of the
Those interested in stenography should have a fair knowledge of
typing.
Miscellaneous Duties
The art staff writes and constructs ads. The merchandising staff conducts surveys, makes up
copy for a national advertising at 6:00 Friday evening. Janet Morescrapbook. and handles some sell- house, president of the Purdue chaping details. The stenographers will preside. Other speakers at put the copy into legible form and banquet will be Prof. A. H. take care of certain rountine work. Conroe of the University speech
ter. With these trees he began his local research work in horticulture that has had a large effect on Indiana agriculture. His work in control of the codling moth or apple
society at a banquet to be held in worm was a highly important or-
the North ballroom of the Union chard contribution.
Pioneer
Considered a pioneer in the educational field. Professor Troop was the first teacher of entomology in the United States, and pioneered in
Short Coure opened here yesterday and will continue through Friday at the Veterinary Building. In his speech, Jakeman pointed out that the national organization has a project under vt^ay which will supply research fellowships to outstanding young men at Universities throughout the country equipped with personnel and equipment for high type veterinary re-
search.
Disease Is Menace To Hogs Dr. A. H. Schmidt,
the players, the petticoats, and the
student body.
Although all students having access to cars are urged to bring them, they are also requested to be as careful as possible in order to prevent any accident in the confusion of the parade and
pep session.
Reamer and Gimlet organizations will police the affair with Skull and Crescent forrfiing a ring around the band for their protection. Fraternities will be on hand
with a variety of banners and pos- fraternities.
25th anniversaiTr and membets df the University Concert Choir which is celebrating th4 tenth anniversary
of its organization. Rest Of Program
Other features of the week-end include swimming exhibitions, a mammoth pep session on Friday, the Homecoming dance on Friday night, judging of fraternity and sorority lawn exhibits and varioos class reunions. Sunday morning a breakfast has been planned iojr alumni members of University mdsical organizations and at noon luncheons have been scheduled at
sororities and tesi^-
ters.
Triumph, Yells At Station
dence halls.
Student Musicale in the Music
From the juniors a staff‘of three staff, and Piof. Lionel Crocker of his'hoVticultuiarresearchVlmm^ ^enn., also appeared ori the pro- Dick deCarmo and Johnny Coll, Room of the Union at 4 p.m. on coeds will be selected whose duties Union, Granville, Ohio, na- ately upon his association with the and in his speech he pointed senior yell leaders, will supervise Sunday will officially close the 1941 will be along managerial lines. Jun- secretary of Tau Kappa Al- University, he was made head of T",i? Homecoming, d.e.b.
iors who perhaps worked for a po- the department of horticulture and sition and found that they were be- Presiding over a legislative ses- entomology. He served in this ca-
sion on Saturday morning from 8-12
hind in the struggle have this
chance to re-enter an activity. This in the South Ballroom of the Unhappens to many students each ion -ivill be Fred Eichoin, Chairman
year and now some surplus talent
is needed. The Exponent is asking for girls who are enthusiastic and cooperative. All sophomores and freshmen will work for junior posi-
tions. l.s.
Acacia Will Hold Pledge Dance Saturday Evening Annual Acacia pledge dance will be held from 9 to 12 p.m. Saturday, October 18, at the chapter house. The feature event of the evening will be a short comedy play enacted by the pledges. The theme of the play has been kept a secret and will come as a surprise during one of the intermissions. Irv Given and his orchestra will furnish music for the occasion. Chaperons for the evening will be Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Maish, Mr. and Mis. W. L. Baynes, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Rogers, j.t.k.
of the Public Service Commission of Indiana. Eichorn was a former
state senator from Gary.
Climaxing activities of the con-
vention, a luncheon and business fessor emei’itus. He meeting will be held in the West his teaching duties. Cafeteria of the Union at 12:30. Writes Several Texts
This business meeting will be the only closed gathering during the entire convention. Non-members of Tau Kappa Alpha are invited to participate in all of the other activ-
ities of the congress, s.b.w.
coming a menace to hog raisers; 4 station. Players and members of especially the disease is increasing the coaching staff will make short in the corn belt. He warned veter- talks from the observation car of inarians and farmers against laying the train over the public address too many other hog troubles on the system which will be installed, doorsteps of this disease when in WBAA may broadcast a portion of reality they were caused by some- the procedure from the Union. At
7:30 the train that will take the
Among the other speakers of the football team to Columbus will etained only were Deafi O. V. Brumley of leave the station. the Ohio State University Veteri- Assisting the yell squad will be nary College; Dr. James Farquhar- Kathryn Ade and Barbara Ann Adhead of the veterinary work bins, representing Gold Peppers;
j_ Bill Farber from Cary Club; Phil
pacity from 1884 until 1910, when the department was divided into two parts and he became head of entomology work at the University. Serving as the head of the entomology department until 1920, he ® retired and received the title of pro-
An author of several text books
and articles, Troop was recognized Colorado State College; Dr
of the outstanding authori-
All Country Lassies, Hay Shakers Invited To Barnyard Frolic Barnyard Frolic, annual hick dance, will be staged in the sooth ballroom of the Union HoUoween night, October 31. Bobby Fields and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will provide music f<^r
Exponent
Compulsory meeting of all eds and coeds on the Exponent Business Staff, Friday at 4:00 p.m. in the business offices. Sophomore ad men make allowances in your routes for time. —POWERS
ties on horticulture and entomology in the country. Prom 1899 to 1907, he was the state entomologist in Jndiana. From 1896 to ipol Re served as secretary of the Indiana Horticultural Society, and was made pi esident of that organization in 1933. He took advanced studies
at Cornell and Harvard
sities.
of the national association and R. E. Nichols of the University vet-
erinary department. Today’s Addresses
Today’s program includes addresses delivered by C. D. Lee, A. H. Schmidt, J. Faiquharson, remarks by H. J. Reed and talks pie-
univer- sentecl by J. G. Haidenbergh, I. P,
Huddleson and Adolph Eichhoin.
ing Gimlet and Purdue Athletic Council; Bob Stecker and Damon Elder, from Reamer and PIA; Al Menke for Skull and Crescent; Rex
Leave Shoes With Shotgun The Newman Club who sponeoi^
the dance made a ruling last ye^r that all shot guns should be left in
Mayfield for Fraternity Presidents’ ^ut outside of this.
Council and Paul Penn and Dick
Watson for tives. r.w.b.
the band representa-
Not only a prominent man in President Elliott will address the Univelsity affairs. Professor Troop annual banquet to be held this evewas also active in community af- ning at 6 p.m. and O. V. Brumley fairs. He was married to Cora will speak on Modern Veterinary (Continued on page 4) Education.
Expo Coeds
All coeds come to the office today at 4 p.m. to work on coed edition. —Rose
Pi Kappa Phi Outpoints Pi Kappa Alpha In Annual Pie Tilt
By Art Hunter A cheering, hilarious crowd of some 300 fascinated students watched the Pi Kappa Phi’s gorge their way to an overwhelming victory yesterday afternoon in their sixth annual pre-eating contest with their traditional rivals, the Pi K A’s. With the lowest scoigrs winning, the Pi K Phi’s amassed but 30 points (While the Pi K A’s piled up a total of 48. At approximately 4:30 the twelve unfortunate pledges, a six man team from each house, lined up at the coiner of State and Grant Streets where they were given the "go” signal for their orgy by the official starter. Etiquette—Phooey Racing to the steps of the State Street entrance of the Union, where upon tables reposed twelve fresh, juicy, blueberry pies, the participants fiung themselves into their respective pastiies with utter disregard for all the finer points of eti-
quette.
No Hands; Lot’6 A Blubs
Contest rules prevented the use of hands; consequently the direct method of attack—that of submerging the face in the pie and
gobbling—was favored. Overenthu- — ' siastic efforts on the part of one of literally lick their pieS off the steps “Ten boards for the contestants resulted in the col- of the Union. teams steadily lapstf of the tables, making it nec- Cheered on by such remarks as more than two essary for a couple of the hoys to “Pie for dinner tonight, boys” and first man arose
convention is very much disregarded, including leaving the shoes with the shot gun and dancing barefoht.' As can be imagined, dress is about as formal as a husking bee. Prizes are awarded for the goofiest dressed couple. Last year the prize took the form of a guinea hen, complete with burlap sack in which the fowl was carried. The year before last the prize was a grunting, squealing pig. It is anyone’s guess as to what this year’s
prize will be.
Dancers Come In Buggies Transportation tends to take on
finish line at the above mentioned rather primitive forms as buggies corner. His time for the contest was wagons rumble up to the Union 2:26.2. doors in great numbers as the daneNext to arise were two pie plas- g^ts underway, tered Pi K Phi’s, Miles Swartz and The regular mixer price of dn« Paul Fihe, who finished second and dollar will prevail for tickets. They third, respectively. The victors ^re being sold on the campus new cinched the race as their four re- Newman Club members and a maining representatives hauled desk will be set up outside the down fourth, fifth, seventh and Sweet Shop selling tickets a few ninth positions. When the fray was before the frolic, r.w.b. all but over a Pi K A could be seen ———
reclining on the steps of the Union deliberately enjoying the last few
Notice
Dumrose
Fihe
bites of his pie.
The winning team, managed by Dick Raney, consisted of the following members: Bob Carson, Will Choate, Paul Fine, John McDonall, Mel Potter, and Miles Swartz. Dave Hedden directed the Pi K A sextet made up of pledges Baker, Al Dumrose, Roy Kirk, Charlie Muller, Bill Thomas and Ken Williams.
Practice Session
It is rumored that the Pi Kappa Phi’s were' somewhat disappointed in the times registered by their pledges, for in pre-contest time trials one of their boys consumed one-quarter of a pie in 27 seconds.
Receive Congrats
After the affair, the contestants, their faces smeared almost beyond recognition, received the congratu-
the last man,” the a Pi K, A, staggered to his feet, lations of the crowd upon their outmunched away for fought his way through the ring of standing gastronomical efforts, and minutes before the spectators surrounding the scene several of the first ranking pie-eat-Then Al Dumrose, of action and sprinted back to the (Continued on page 4)
Potter
Swarts
Morehouse
-Photo By Graebner
To Students Registered under the Selective Service Act: Each student registered for Selective Service is required toTrdport immediately to his Head od school or division for impor^nt information (Selective Setiitee Memoranda Nos. 17, 28, atad 29) relative to postponement of fet duction and deferment for students. Graduate students, ittcittding graduate assistants, should report to the office of the Bean of the Graduate School. Those students who are enrolled in the University under Hlh classification of Engineerinf Law, Public Service Engineerfain„ Freshman Engineers and Students should report to fice of the Assistant Dead e^lpngineering. ' ’. Edward C. DUottt Presidtidt[j ^
I* /
J^waddy, ffetoS^M
MERRY-«0' Mm
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
ed, but the Nazis are pretty sure
to begin boinbing it.
' ■.'■-..'■•T: 'iSa,, . <H» -.i'*'-; V Sfieedi SujfEplies • While the British have been in-
excusably slow in regard to transport, both Britain and the United States have been equally slow in allocating supplies to be shipped. For Weeks after Churchill and Roosevelt decided to send a mission to Moscow> the two governments backed
A#
• fo
Club J^ards
f^dfubershipkoYS ^Meeting Tonight
Now that rush is over we should
Members of the University Riding Club will receive their membership keys at the meeting to be held this evening at 7:30 p.m. in Room
iroi-ir aoniiTT Pnf what >ipnTion« V 3D4 of Ihc Uiiion. Plans will be made
and filled as to who should be in the nappy. But what h PPen . week-end activities
delegation aM whether China f ^the Pjedges have^^o go bo the;
library (for the benefit of the Up- ^On the land
perclassrtiehj that’s the buildifig fast, ride Sunday morning, aCcordjust west of the UniPn) their off Tom Graham,-president of nna hours and the actives igo there to . check up On ’em. All of which puts Attended State Roundup Us back where We Were a week ago. fhis year the group attended the What a life! You just can’t win Indiana State Round-Up at Indi-
around here.
..Simpson-Smith Plaffer Chatter
should be invited. Meanwhile pre- library (for the benefit of the Up
cious weeks, vital to Russia’s chanc
es, were lost. ”
-in the air-
United States Sends Rail Experts To l^olster Russia's Sup|dy Lines At Basra WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.—The cinunbling Russian front has caused some very cogent questions to be asked in high places regarding the
And only this past week did large scale supplies really get loaded up in U. S. ports for Russia. Prior to that the A'riby had hemmed and hawed, done little, it was only after a week of Russian retreating toward Moscow, that Roosevelt shodk the big stick and the Army came across. Why he didn’t act in July remains a mystery, tor the U. S. Army was telling him even then that the Russian situation would be desperate.
the sea. Whoop, whouop,
whoooodp. It’s modern design that counts and so does the way it’s done. Sammy Kaye seems to be the first one to take over that “thing” that’? driving us all nuts.,. Kaye’s
aitapolis. Sept.- 28, in Which all «»Modern Design” is pretty types of horsemanship, western and , , , ® ^ ^ ^ ^ €rf\r\A n• nn iicos n f'nnVna
„ , j n <3 + oi good however; he uses a chorus
“Commodore” Chuck Keene & f again as with “Daddy” and the “Hut
“First Mate” Swede Seaborg kept University ridei's participated things lively last week-end, though, ^he McCabe Round-up at Crawby coming down the Wabash in the fordsville, Indiana. The Lafayette
middle of the night in a skiff. The
rest of that story is very interest- which Wil aid ing. Too bad we can’t print it. Choates and other members are
practicing trick riding stunts.
* * The'club meets every other Thurs- ^ . t. * XT. j! i,- !■ . V, X . T . X 1 -1 XX 1 j in fact it’s what you do most of the Today airplanes are finally being Another fashion (or whatever day to make plans for the week-ends
efficiency of both the United States loaded for Russia at the rate of else you may want to call it) prac- and future dates. Keys are recogand the British. about 300 to 400 per month. Also ticed by our fair coeds was noted nition badges for members of apUppermost question is traiispor- tanks are being shipped in about Sunday as Bonnie Robbms of proximately a year. Sylvia Pifttation, without which supplies can- the same quantity. renowned Kappa clan smoked man, secretary, urges any interestnot reach Russia. However, it will take about 40 a cigar while playing bridge. Now ed student to come to the meetings Most desperate area in which days for them to reach Russia. And ^e’ve seen' everything—until the apd join the group, t.l.w.
Sut Song.” The words are silly, the song is silly, in fact the whole idea is silly, but so , what—the “Three Little Fishes” was silly too and look what happened to it. The “Swing and Sway” man lets you do a little work in the second chorus—
time now anyway—whoop, whooop, Whoooop., If you’re inclined toward these novelty numbers as we are^ We know you’ll go nuts over “Moderh Design” by Sammy Kaye.
Russia needs supplies is in the in forty days, anything can happen.
South. There the Hitler drive has _
progressed disastrously near the oil Protecting Consumers fields of the Caucasus. However, the Here is a three-act drama enonly route to the Caucasus is via titled “Defense Expansion.” the Gulf of Persia to the port of Act I—Mid-April, the Office of Basra, thence by a shaky railroad Price Administration and Civilian through Iran to South Russia. This Supply comes into being. Its duty railroad is in such bad shape that is to keep, prices down, protect the almost no supplies of any conse- consumer. Its chief, Leon Render
'“quence can be transported.
Kappas pull something else.
When Delt Woody Waltpn passes off his one and ohly, Doris Doyle of DePauw, as his sister for a whole week-end, the Delt wolfs Don
In The Exponent Of
Betty Co-ed Kicks Bucket
It looks as if our old friend “Betty Co-ed” has kicked the bucket, gone astray, got hitched or something; anyway she’s not around anymore.
To bolster it, American railway experts are being sent to Basra. However, the stark tragedy^completely unexplained— is why the British did not begih long ago to whip this road into shape. The Russian war has been in progress for three months. The British knew even last June that this route would be all-important. Two or three thousand men could have revamped the railroad in quick time. But nothing was done. Meanwhile the French and Germans have been working feverishly to build a railroad from Casablanca, in Morocco; to Dakar, the French naval base opposite Brazil. And in about the same length of time, they ■have almost finished it. But in Iran the British did nothing. 300 U.S. Locomotives Meanwhile, also, the Nazis feverishly have been relaying one rail on all Russian raili'oads. This is because the Russians built their tracks the widest in the world to
ONE YEAR AGO THIS WEEK
Down deep into the black hole of Tony Pastor has fixed us up for Calcutta moved the Exponent staff, a while, however, with “A Pretty
Eastes and Bill Clark made notori- transforming their newly acquired Coed Has Gone to My Head.” For ous spectacles of themselves trying site in the sub-basement of the Uii- onCe Tony lets some one else do to get dates. Let it he a lesson. . . . ion into an office possetising news- the vocal; this time John .McAfee
, T+ Vi boys over at the Theta Xi paper atmosphere in abundance. The drew the lucky number and does a vu*'" house are racking their brains try- equipment included a large horse- darn fine job of singing. As usual e o air mansion a as- remember whether it’s the shoe copy desk capable of holding with this type of song they try to
fifth or sixth time brother Bob Jones many coeds. get in as many schools as possible has parted with his hardware. Any- Student peace group, the Purdue and only because “Purdue” rhymes way, Alice Lee Heinmiller is the Peace Fellowship, announced that with “you” did we manage to slip gal now sporting his pin. Better they intended to stage a non-yio- Into the last line,
check up on that number^ folks. It’s lent demonstration against the se-
always nice to keep the records lective service act.
sachusetts Ave.
Act II-—Early summer, GPACS takes on industrial committees, research assistants, lawyers and economists—all to protect the consumer. The staff of 300 outgrows the Blair mansion and moves to a new apartment building on Q Street. Act III—Autumn. OPACS has 800
workers. Reorganization splits it into two groups—Office of Price Con-
THURSDAY 10:00—News , 10:10—Curio Man 10:16—WBAA Presents 10:30—Listen While You Work 11:00—^Federated Clubs 11:16—Music 11:30—Parent Teacher Associa-
tion
11:60—Purdue News '12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets l:b0-^Souvenirs 1:30-—Better Vision 1:46—Music 2:00—A Story a Day 2:16—The Apothecary 2:30—Music 2.46—Treasure Chest , 3:00—News 3:10—Music • 3:16—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-up 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:15—^Heard in the Hallway 4:30—Music 4:46—Little Miss Muffet 6:00—Just Relax 6:30—Vespers 6:46—Curio Man •_ 5:60—News , 6:00—Ditiher Music 6:30;—Sports 6:45—The Magic Carpet 7:00—“Principles of Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss 7:50—Music 8:00—Story of the Opera 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—Sacred Music 9:00—Concert Master 9:30—Music 9:50—-News 10:00—Off the Air
J.E.ia(hary,G£'3
J. 'E. Zachary, G.E. ’39; isHifteA% thor of an illustl’ated iKticlh-’en-titled “When a Defense, Booirt HRs a Defenseless Village” in the Octhber issued of The American. .City. Zachary, v^ho is connected ■With :tHe construction of the diiPont 000 sinokeless powder ■ plant; has been located at Charlestown sittde the^defehse boom started. . He is in control of all municipal development in the sudden gt'oWth of this small village of less than 1,000 people, and is the coordinating engineering , representing the State Defense Council of Indiana,
b.a.h. , ,
straight. * * :l!
Sig Eps Gene Adams and Jim “Cutie” Chase had their breakfast at the crack of dawn on the banks of the Wabash the other day. 'As if getting up at that unearthly hour
Should Last This little
trol and Office of Civilian Supply ga,t wasn’t enough, they (under 0PM). The apartment build- claimed they Wanted to practice ing is too small, and another move «crow calling.” We’d like to call a takes them to a new office build- few crows, too, with such companing near the Capitol. ions as Katie Ade and Patty Knight And the drama is still going. Soon along. Ah-ha! Now you know all—
a fourth act can be ' written, in almost,
which the staff will number about * H' ■•t
2,000. And they will probably move again, if anybody can find a build-
ing large enough.
GOP Smart' Polities Inside reason for the big jump in House Republican votes for the new $5,985,000,000 lend-lease bill
ONE DECADE AGO THIS WEEK
People clamored for the convic-
tion of crime dictator A1 Capone ■who was being questioned by the government because he hadn’t paid tax on the funds he picked from the
pockets of Chicago citizens. A new plan of study whereby all
students were put on their own ■ _ (with no notes from the dean!) was IB Ola'S inaugurated at the University of
Chicago by President Hutchins. Those who lingered at the meet
ditty should stick
around a while since,the'melody is one -with just'enough individuality to stick in your mind. Pastor has done a good job with this number giving the band’s chorus plenty of that solid stuff so that college populus will dig in for and , to it.
A new type soybean developed by the extension division of Louisiana State University soon may answ'er the problem of farniers whose lands now lie fallow because of reduction in cane acreage.
TODAY- FRl. - SAT.
THE EAST SIDE KID5.^ }( »ssa' 60BBYJ5RDAN teOGORCEYf-
— ALSO — "ADVENTURES OF . CAPTAIN MARVEL” " —PLUS— ' FIRST RON "PATHE NEWS'?
Patronize Exponent Adveriisehs
. . . have been announced by the. AWS for the big dances and are as.
ing of the side'walks in front of the follows; .Military Ball and Sopho-
Rumor (our good old friend) has it that Jeanne “Child Bride” Moses of the Pi Phis is going to be chosen as sponsor for the new aviation unit being formed here. Wow! Don’t rush, boys. Uncle Sam needs you all. Incidentally, Miss Moses no
was that party floor leader Joe Mar- longer “looks straight ahead” these
old Physics Building for a tete a tete between classes, forcing stu- ■ dents who wished to get to classes (and away from them) to detour over the grass, were staunchly spanked in an editorial, r.w.b.
prevent an invading nation from paved the way for it at a sec- days as she did earlier in the using their railroads. However, Hit- ret pdw-wow in his office one day mester. Guess our super-eds wore ler has had labor gangs relaying before the vote. her resistance down. Looks like her the rail line so rapidly that today The GOP caucus, held the same head’s on a swivel now.
narrpwer gauge Nazi trains go. day, got all tfie publicity, but it right up to the battle front. didn’t hold a candle in significance ^
This is the secret of Hitler’s to the unadvertised meeting in Mar- Wanted: One date for Cold Digamazing transportation feat, by tin’s suite. It was attended by the have front
which 4,000,000 men have been sup- fifteen Republican members of the plied with an average of four tons Appropriations Committee and Marof supplies per man—shells, artil- tin frankly told them that he exlery, food, clothing, tanks, gasoline pected them to head off, if possible,
a recurrence of the GOP fight
more Cotillion, 2 a. m.; Prom, 5 a. m. or () a. m. if a chaperone breakfast is held at a women’s residence. Th.ere will be 12 p.' m. hours on Tuesday, November 18, the day before Thanksgiving vacation.
Starts TODAY
IN THE ROARING DAYS OF WILD BILL HICKOCK... CALAMITY JANE AND GENERAL ^USTERI Where A Slow Draw Meant A Fast Dekth^! THE BLACK HILLS of the WEST RUN REDII
teeth at least. Apply Stan Matthews
3301. (Paid Ad)
TWIN - THRILL CHILLERS . . . . that would frighten even a SPOOK!
—all hauled over 1,000 miles to a
battlefi-ont 3,000 miles wide. Yet only in the past few days is
an American railroad mission being
sent to the Gulf of Persia. against aiding Britain.
There are two other routes to get
supplies into Russia. One, by way of Vladivostok, means a two-week
rail haul over the Trans-Siberian.
with the congressional elections
against the original $7-billiGn lend- coming up next year, and with prilease bill last February, at for many of us around the time the GOP voted almost 6 to 1 T don’t think it is wise for
the party to leave, itself open to
attack on this issue.”
To strengthen this road, the United States will Bend 300 locomotives. However, we haven’t yet found the ships to carry them, since locomotives are too big to be lowered down the average ship’s hatch. But even more important we have to revamp the locomotives, perhaps even manufacture them altogether, for our locomotives don’t fit the wide Russian
gauge.
“I was one of those who voted against the first bill,” said Martin, “but I intend to vote for this one, and I don’t think it is good strategy for us to go on record so overwhelmingly against British aid a second
time.”
Martin made no reference to Wendell Willkie or his sharp attack on Republican isolationism. But he made it clear that he had reached the conclusion that the party’s isolationist course wasn’t “smart politics,”
Martin added that, since aiding Britain to defeat Hitler was the established policy of the government, the patriotic thing to do was to “go along” but to oppose any legislation “which might get us in-
to war.”
The only one present who didn’t back up Martin was Representative Harold Knutsort, hull-Voic6d Minnesota Roosevelt-hater and Lindbergh-
admirer.
Note: While many Republicans reversed themselves and lined up
for the bill on the final vbte, all the
“We ought to get this straight- crippling amendments offered dur---eued out now so we wilhknow where ihg the debate came from GOP
Meanwhile, mo.st U. S. supplies we stand at the caucus this after- members. ' are going via Archangel which has noon,” he said. “I’m not going to (Copyright, 1941, by United Peaturned out to be better than expect- tell anyone how to vote. However, ture Syndicate, Inc.)
fiwidusL £xfuommL All-American I940-'4I
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Editor-in-chief Ned A. Ochiltree Sporfs Staff News Editor John L. Trousott Editor.... Phil C. Johnion Businemi Manaicer Don S. Powera ABeociate Editors : O, T. Clark, J. D, Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Publication Staff Manarine Editor Leland W. Ruffnet Aesociate Editors: J. P.-Amos, 3. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, E. L. Hadley, P. 1. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers; K. K. G jemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff , Editor....;.. Ruth Hose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chutfteld, Jane.Kamsdell.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Amos Night Sports Editor: Fraser Day Editor: Ramsdell Issue Editor: Eberts Reporters; B. W, Syuier, Fischer, D. E. Bute, Heath, A: P. Hunter, L. Slone, P. Stenberg, R. Smith, S. B. Wolf, A. Wickal'd, H. Eckstein, A. M. Prantner, D. E. Glass, B; W. BoswinUle, '1'. L. Waring, C. Sowards, Brewer. J. S. Dawson, Kar))icl(, Watson.
EDGAR WALLACE'S WILFRED LAWSON Bernard Lee ♦ Arthur Wontner
fo/i/S
iMVYTERY
witJk
61BB MCLAUGHLIN
■4' AS
4!C.;k''-i'xb; ft
A
paraffe
•;//
mUtk
lHHHi Elijckiyi Si^t^bd ISSsIs In^ivtdudl Star^ '’>' ’‘<4 ^ ' < By Dob'Brewer ' ' i, - • »' CoacH I^aul Brownes Butikeye poWethbuse, already prov4)^ I& tfe^ gf^iaif‘bP^V;?orld that it is definitely on the tip-^grade* entfer ttie Celnmbus stadium, Saturday afternoon, With all Iht^ntions Of showing the football fahs that it can duplicate ^H«i%"'yeaFs 1744 Win ovet the Boilermakers.
Bfkiciki^ed Start mmg
Ohio State's mighty eleven kept its opening day victoi'y string perfect 1^4 Whett it'flefeated the tou&h UniV-ersity of Missouri squad, and althotagh SonieiSihAt outplayed in that contest, the squad caiUe ^hnk«4he 'nejiit Week^enid to swamjp Southern California, 33-0> in a dis-
doftlintftioh of the pig-skin.
outstanding bsekfield mem- , i- „y,i, i , , hifers' have* been prime factors in gtate boasts this year. After beISOhdH BirbWh’S yiOtbtieS s6 far this ghming his coaching career at Sev«^Soa‘.‘'JB'ul}hack Jack Graf, 6 foot, ern Preparatory School in 1930, 190 pound veteran line smasher where he turned in two successful :l^r6m Columbus, accounted for both years, Coach Brown accepted the touchdowns against Missouri and mentorship at Massillon Sigh was the oiitS’teildiii^ pldyer in the School in Massillon, Ohio. For nine Southern California tilt. Graf is straight years his teams out-classed noted for his accurate punts and competitors, not only in the Bucklong passes, and this year already eye state, but in all parts 'of the has demonstrated -kis pOv^er and midwest. His miraculous total of 96 drive in furious line-plunges. Vi^ins to only seven lossefe and two Fteher Ohio State’s Fastest ties mark him as one of the great-
, » Flshbr, dndther of Brhwn’s f *
babkiidld aces, turned in a splendid ... _ • i.- ^ ^ j 1., / Assisting Brown m his first ytear record last' year and this sCasUn , i c u -u
aports authorities pick him as Ohio State’s fastest man. Fisher is a
senior and works from the left half Hugfi McCranahan, i. • i. inn a.. and Paul Bixler, wihg-jcoach. '
post; IS 6 feet, 190 pounds, and . Await Elwatd Eleven hails from Columbiana, Ohio. Like Jiiwara li/ieven
Graf, he Is a atronB tunning, pase- „ ® ^ m hwl Melting ttreal to the Eiv- »* »» »« eter squad season, has proven m its first
T 1 Qi. lit- _ .A nio two games that it has stars and
^Obiptdin Jack Stephenson, 212 , .. .ai a ja. j • i-i. A. 1, j! ™ Ti/r plenty of them. Not omy does it
pound, 6’1” right tackle from Mar- ^
2.
le Miis ^stapo
#
by Phil Johnson
El^l^ Holds Last Prictilce Toriiijht; Boilermakers Leave For Olild Swe
rti.* j 1 4!j. A. 11 T-„ rt naVe stars, but it intends to use
>ipn, Ohio, and left tackle Jim Dan- i • All Ai. 1. A 1- them against Mai Elward s Boiler-
lell, another huge veteran lineman , ^ ai. n i. ai.-
A! ooA j At, -A maker football charges this coming
of 220 pounds, are the mainstays 7 ^
of the Scarlet and Grhy forward Saturday. Both mentors are groomwall. m'niull is-the brother of All- tov-mteh condiA • A. a_a..iii 11 a!-a.a„ ' tzon, and only Saturday s result can
American) Averill Daniell, famous ^ , T,... tell the tale, d.e.b. Pitt lineman. »
Brown’s Ends Can Kick
Negro Charley Anderson, one of Brown’s husky stars back at Massillon High School, plays right end and is noted for receiving short shovel passes from Graf. Another end, sophomore Leon Schoenbaum of Huntington, West Virginia, is jOhid Statens uhhearalded extra'jioint kicker, sbSing very little action except following touchdowns, ,wlien hid Jilatee’ldCks have accounted for all of the Buckeye extra points. Bchoeribaum usually replaces left efid Bob Shaw, who, like Charley (Anderson, is a noted pass snatchei. Paul Brown, himself, is probably Wdlnodt dutstanding star that Ohio
Inter-fraternity Bowling Thursday, October 16
6:30
Triangle vs Sigma Nu Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Tau Delta
8:45
Beta Theta Pi vs Pi Kappa Phi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa
-Tau
Theta Xi vs Phi Sigma Kapjia Alpha Gamma Rho vs Lambda -A Chi Alpha „ • »
(EDITOR’S NOTE) Today’s column, in keeping with our guest column policy, is contributed by the sports editor of the Ohio State Lantern, Gehe Friedman. It clearly presents the other side Of the picture tkat will be developed at Columbus' Saturday. Thanks a lot, Gene. By Gene Friedman Ohio Slate Lantern Sports Editor Ohio State will enter the Purdue game (unless something happens this Week) with but one seridus injury and that only to a second stringer. Dick Zimmerman, sophomore tackle, suffered a dislocated knee and torn ligaments in the Southern California game and will be on the shelf for at least another week. , • Ohio State Team's A Mental Case The Bucks are in good condition but Coach Paul Brown has a Very difficult problem to overcome. He must have his players in the right mental condition, one at least similar to that hefoi'C the S. C. game. The greatest difficulty at the present time is overcottfifience. It the team realizes that it is still only an ordinary team (true despite the U. S. C. game and various publicity), the Buckeyes may yet come out pn top. Otherwise PurdUe Will push Ohio State all aver the field. • O.S.U. Boast'S Glue-Fingieir^d inds" At ends for Ohio State will be Charlie Anderson, negro giant, and sophomore Bob Shaw. Andei-son is improving defensively with eVery game and is a glue-fingered pass receiver. Shaw caught a touchdown pass against the Trojans. Captain Jack Stephenson and veteran Jim Daniell will be at the tackle positions.-Both performed well in the last Ohio State game. Sophomore Chqck Osuri is certain to see action. • Vef'eran Guards Bolstel' Line At the guard posts will be veteran Ed Bruckner and sophomore Linn Houston. Both boys looked goOd against the Trojans. Fritz Howard, another senior, is capable understudy to Houston. John Rosen, a sophomore who has been seeing a lot of action lately, will start at center. Rosen was third string candidate in the Missouri game, but looked so good that he started against Southern California. Bill Vickory will be his replacement while Earl Mai tin, another center, has been moved over to tackle to replace injured Zimmerman.
•* \
• Bucks' Backficid Intact' In the backfield, the Bucks will have the same veteran lineup that has started both games. Johnny Hallabiin will be at quarterback, the blocking post, and will call the signals. Dick Fisher and Tom Kinkade will be at the halfback'posts, Fisher is the faster of the two and has looked good in both his starts. Kinkade found his stride against the Trojans. Jack Graf will play fullback. Graf has been the star of both games. He showed plenty of diive against Missouii and scored both touchdowns. He scored one against the Trojans but cracked the line for good
gains.
• Les Horval-h Sparks Offense Junior Les Harvath, last year voted the outstanding sophomore, showed up brilliantly two Saturdays ago. He will undoubtedly see action against Purdue. He weighs only 157 pounds but is fast, shifty and packs plenty of drive. The rest of the Buck replacements aie mostly sophomores, not tried, but having shown ability in practice. About 70,000 fans are expected. Ohio State’s great marching hand will perform and its cheering section will offer new formations.
FOR VICTORY STliDENTS’M LET'S GET GOING TO THAT OHIO STATE GAME, AND SHOW THE CRITICS THAT THE TEAM IS GOING TO COME OUT ON TOP IN THE
CONFERENCE.
CRUSH OHIO STATE! Peter Anderson Co.
525 Alabama St.
'Photie 4048
The Perry Printers Printing in Tune Wrth the Times Phone 7804 332 NorfhweHtern Ave.
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — T19Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Vanity Sqaashmen l^aiiare For Initial Tilt Against Alumni With the first meet of the season drawing near, the varsity squash team is holding daily workouts on the Fieldhouse squash courts. Coach “Chief” Clevett has made no predictions about the strength of this year’s team, but the first meet on the morning of homecoming will show what the boys can do. Alumni Team \This meet is against a team composed of alumni who played varsity squash here. The alumni team will be made up of Jack Lucek, Tony Sokolowski, Orie Jackson, Jack Nowl, and Forrest Fields, It will begin promptly at ten O’clock in the Fieldhouse, Saturday morning, October 26. ' The varsity team is led by Captain Gene Adams, and other returning lettermen are Bill BondJ Norm Goldstein, J. E. Fant, and D. W, McMillan. Last year’s freshman squad has a good daal of talent to give the varsity. Some of thfe more promising players are Bob “Swish” Boydston, who won numerals in both track and squash last year because of his flCet-footedness, and Fred Meyer. Hank Wilkins and Ed Wells will do a lot to bolster this year’s squa^, also. Easy Sessions Every afternoon from three to five the candidates for the team play matches among themselves, without much supervision from Coach Clevett. Before long the piactice sessions will become more strenuous as the regular season gets closer, and “Chief” will clamp down on the boys to see that they are really set for the forthcoming season. Another of the season’s early matches is against the army officers of Wright Field at Dayton, Ohio. Efforts are also being made to secure a match with thfe officers’ team at Foit Knox. Although the actual schedule for the lemainder of the season has not yet been foi mulated, it will be similar to that of last year, r.h.b.
Placing special emphasis on passing and btoCkiMj^ the MiV-* eter coaching staff sent the entire football team through one of the most spirited workouts of the young season, yfesferdajr afternoon. Due to the fact that a light drill today will eondudte the pre-game activities for the Ohio State game, a large amount of body contact was in evidence yesterday.
Petty, Carter Still Out
Although the majority of last week's injured performers have returned to action, the question as to whether John Petty and Red Carter will be in shape by gUme time Sat-
urday still rnmains in doubt.
Big John was in uniform last night but did not take part in any rekl contact work. However, favorable evidence as to the condition of his knee was shown by the re-
Harriers Train To Protect Win Streak Against Buckeyes ‘ Yesterday, the Purdue cross country team held their time trials to
mark^ible precision with Which he determine the traveling squad to was booting the ball through the make the trip and compete against uprights last night. John kicked Ohio State. Seven men will be seseveral which went over the goal lected to form the team that wfll
posts and bounced against the wall meet the Buckeyes at Columbus, of the Fieldhouse, Carter did not ^jj,
take pait in yesterday’s drill at all, t.. ^ ....
Last year the meet was also held
Tough Plice Kickers at Columbus and the Buckeyes were Place kicking was stressed for victorious by a close margin. This some time during the earlier part year’s team is confident that there of practice. In addition to Petty, will be no repetition of that event, several other stellar backs, namely On the basis of past performances Smock, Chester and Berto displayed there is every indication that the plenty of accuracy in splitting the Boilermakers will return with their uprights during the session. thiid conference victory under their
Smock, the spaikplug of the out-
belts.
fit, again proved to be one of the team may he strengthened highlights of the practice yester- addition of Bob Jarvis if he day. The spirited halfback looked overcomes his scholastic difficulties very impressive on pass plays in time to make the trip. B'ob was addition to his fine place kicking, o"® of the better men on the team
last year and there is every reason
Polish Passing Attack believe that he will continue on For the third straight night the his winning ways if he rejoins the
ail was filled with passes by the team this fall.
Riveter backs against a set-up _ . . Ohio State defense. Smock along
with Chester, Berto, Cook and even Injuries are plaguing the Riveter quarterbacks Kersey and Hajzyk Ii^^^iiers as well as other athletic took turns in tossing the pigskin. In addition to Fred Kinder Rush, Shimer and Coombs stood ^^o is definitely out for this meet, out on the receiving end of many of I^harles Duesler is suffering from
a painful arch injuiy. According to Coach Phillips, Duesler may run Saturday, but because of his injury he will not be in as good shape as
he might otherwise be.
So far this year, the Riveter har-
wm geVunder wartomoirow.'Last “f"" Adetories over year this sport was popular in ward Indiana competition, but so far this year a is particularly noteworthy
these heaves, j.s.d.
Intramural News Word comes from the Intramural Office that touchball for the wards
lack of inteiest has been shown. Only a few teams have turned their blanks in to the Intramuial Office. Teams that aie interested in se-
because the boys from Bloomington were considered by many to have the strongest team in the conference. In Older to win a Big Ten
University of Noith Carolina’s original 1795 faculty of two members waited almost a month until the first student, Hinton James, walked 200 miles to enroll.
CDGERTON HDWE.JNC HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES . FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT .Phone 4354 , ^ We Deliver
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK ' DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg, 4th and Main St. Lafayette
curing blanks and information for f ampionship a team must have touchball competition must call at balance rather than individual the Intramural Office at the earliest year s Purdue team has
convenience.
Date Set For Running Another notice issued by the Intramural Office sets the date for the running of the ward cross-coun-try meet foi Tuesday, October 28. Entiants fiom the various wards will lun over the same route that was used in the All-Campus crosscountiy meet. The course covers one and three-quaiter miles.
HAllVIlVG?-SHIXraG? Weather—whether rain or shine this finger tip coat is right! You can’t go wrong — not when the best dressed fellows wear lheul^
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
OFF FO A GOOD START
II! noucuT A snmraiii 10 tHIExponent
NOW HE’S IN THE KNOW— ^ ABOUT ^ CONVOS DANCES
CAMPUS GOSSIP
LOST AND FOUND
CO-ED HOURS
THE EXPONENT
just that, and with the Big Ten meet held on the home com-se it is very likely that this team may bring Purdue its fiist championship since Coach Phillips took the reins.
Old Reliable
It is fitting that a good team have a good leader. Ed Holdeiman of whom 1 earns of copy have been written is just such a man. Last week against Indiana Ed finisl^ed second to Wilt, the confeience two mile champ. This week will probably see Holderman return to his accustomed number one spot. e.I.k. loxing Association Will Meet Tonight n Fieldhouse At 7
Puidue Boxing Association will hold a meeting this evening at 7 in room 101 of the Fieldhouse. All boxing enthusiasts who expect to try out for the team aie invited to attend the meeting. Reasons why the University should have boxing as a minor sport will be discussed, b.w.s.
IM Schedule
Court
1 4
Court
1 4
BADMINTON
Thursday, October 16
00 Koch vs D. Dail . 4 30 E J Kahter vs H A. Weber 5 00 R D Martin vs Carson or Ruth 4.00 Fred Wyer vs D M. Collins
4 30 Rothman vs Althen 5.00 Jones vs Glasgow
Friday, October 17
•00 Siener vs Showalter 4 30 Meinzer vs Belury
2 4 00 Stanton vs Clearwater
4:30 Wonnell vs Knobby
TOUCHBALL
Thursday. October 16
idd
1 Beta Sigma Psi vs Tau Epstlan Phi F Meyer 2 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Tau Omega T. Noland 3 Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Chi C M Tepas 4 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Kappa Delta Rho H F Olds 5 Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta Xi R J Junes b Mpha Chi Khi> vs Phi Kappa Tiu J Zehring * 7 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Bill Burghardt S Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Tau W V Stephans SOlFTBALL Thursday., October 16 .liamoiut I S 2 vs S 3 U Ward 22 vs Waid 21 Finala 12 Waid 32 vs Ward 2T 13 Waul 9 Vs Ward 24 » U Ward 28 vs, Wa*d 25 17 Alpha Gamma Rho va SbrOOh Atpiui Mu or Phi Kappa i^gma H. SchwarM .W' r/iV“
ii V New Screen Review ' *sr^ 1. *; *
^ i
Announces Program lor Sludenfs Today
“Screen Review,” the second in the new series of movie convocations inaugurated last week, will be shown this afternoon from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. The subjects presented today have been selected with the interests of the student 'body in mind and are planned along W educational theme. Today’s Program This afternoon’s program will include: “Eyes of the Navy” at 3:05, ,4:10 and 5:15; “Capitol City” at 3:26, 4:31 and 5:36; Freddie Martin and his orchestra at 3:35, 4:40 and 5:45; “News of the Day” at 3:46 and 4:50; and “Biitam’s RAF” at 3:52 and 4:57. The movies will be shown free to the student body, and passpoits aie absolutely necessary for admittance. If the turnout of the student body continues in the pi oportions of last week, “Scieen Review” will become a regular Thursday Afternoon featuie. a.p.h.
Health Service Daily Report
Seven students weie discharged from the hospitals and one student entered this week. V. W. Bahun, ^nior agricultuie student, and G. E. Bower, freshman engineer weie discharged from St. Elizabeth hospital Saturday, after receiving medical tieatment. Ruth Buiker, and Betty Williams, sophomores in the / Jlome Economics school weie disbhaiged from St. Elizabeth’s Monday, after receiving medical treat-
ment.
J. M. Hanson was discharged from the Home Hospital after receiving medical treatment. W. I. Cole, sophomore Science student, and H. P, Evans, senior mechanical engineer were discharged fiom the Home Hospital after receiving suiigical treatment. B. A. Johnson, senioi chemical engineer was admitted to the Home Hospital for medical ti’eatment. Kentucky State Industrial College, a school for Negioes, offers iree tuition to residents of the
State.
Pie Eaters(Continued from page 1) ers were introduced to the radio public by Ernie Morehouse of the Gimlets, who broadcast a crust to crust description of the event. In recognition of their afternoon’s conquest the Phi Kappa Phi’s received the copper-plated pie pan which each year is awarded to the victors. This is the third time since the contest was inaugurated that the Pi K Phi’s have been presented the trophy. The Pi JC A’s have emerged victorious twice. The first struggle was declared a tie because of the sickness of both teams, brought on by the conscientious pre-contest practicing of the con-testants-to-be. Pi K A’s Still Confident The Pi K A’s lemain undaunted, however, stating that they are a cinch to cop the trophy next year and that they have composed a special song just for that occasion. It luns something like this: “It wasn’t foi knowledge that we came to college, but to eat pie while we’re heie.”
Prof. James Troop(Continued from page 1) Louise Chamberlain in 1884; his wife preceding him in death by three months. He was a charter member of Alpha Zeta, honorary agricultuial society, and of Acacia, social fraternity. He was active in Masonic affairs, a superintendent of the West Lafayette Baptist Cunday School, and a Deacon in his church. Funeral services for the professor will be held at the First! Lafayette Baptist Church at 2 p. m. tomorrow. He will be laid to lest in the Resthaven Cemeteiy of Lafayette. The services will be in chaige of Rev. John W. Findley of the Presbyteiian Chuich, and Rev. Aich Ritchey of the First Baptist Church in Lafayette, s.b.w. GOOD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 S. 29th St. Phone 52i
Senior Women Describe
Adivities For Freshmen Al Sixth Coliegienne Chat Collegienne Chats, the siJcth in its series, opened yesteiday with a speech by Mary Ellen Scarff. Miss Scarff told the freshmen coeds the advantages of participating in campus activities. Following Miss Scarff’s talk, other activities were described by the following representatives: Mary Henry, Debris; Agnes McCullough, AWS; Baibara Fellows, Union; Mary Pidgeon, WAA; Ruth Newton, yWCA; and Ruth Rose, Exponent. Second Semester Call-Outs Nearly all coed executives told the girls that fieshmen call-outs will not take place until the second semester. However, freshmen may work during the fiist semester on AWS making posters and interviewing. Mary Pidgeon announced that freshmen may start working for WAA points at any time. These Collegienne Chats have been sponsoied by AWS and they have all been heartily accepted by the fieshmen girls. One more meeting will take place this yeai. p s.
Exponent rj JL f
Xi Sigma Pi to Offer Counseling Service Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, is offering a free counseling service to the freshmen foresters this year. If you are having trouble with school, and your instructors; or if you just want to know what’s happening on the campus, call on one of the members of Xi Sigma Pi and get straightened out. . System Is Exj^iment The system is new to the campus and IS in an experimental stage. If it is successful it will be continued in years to come. The system has been approved by both the dean of the Forestry school and the dean of Agriculture. It is not to be confused with a paid tutoring service, since this service is to acquaint the freshman with the University and its workings. The members of Xi Sigma Pi have made up the following list of members for freshman counselors courses: Johnny VanCamp, Ag Eng. 13, Chein. 11, Forestry 27 and Math 12; Larry Schneider, Biology 1, English 0,-1 or 32 and Math 12; Bob Culmer, Ag Eng. 13, Biology 1, Forestry 27, jllilitary and P. E. j.d.s.
Co«d«: Meetine of all freshman, sopho. more and junior women interested in work' inp Exponpnt business MalT Tiunsdaj^at
7ic(
4 in Exponent office.
-POWER
Classified Notices
Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines, ail maTces sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done C J Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. Girls: This is absolutely youi last chance Deadline for Gold Diggers Friday noon' Call Miller Nourse and Bud Eberts at 4061. Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs, 407 Columbia St Vocal Lessons: For 26 ycais Lafayette’s only real singing teacher Voice test free. Edward W Frank. Studio, Lahr Hotel. Phone 4066
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Get Your
ARROW SHIRTS
at
"^juIUonX. Ini. WEST LAFAYETTE
YOU DON’T NEED
A TOP HAT
Something , Is Missing lit
OR A NEW TIE
TO HAVE FUN BOWLING in the Bowling Alleys READING in the Browsing Room JOEING in the Sweet Shop \ EATING in fijUJlduSL WsimjfiLcrL lAnmvL *^The Corner of the Campus — And the Center of Activities”
ARROW UNDERWEAR
416 MAIN
Gel Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Skull and Crescent: All members must meet for pep session Thursday, Oct. 16, in front of Pi Beta Phi house at 6:16 pm —MENKE WAA Speedball: Practices end this week. Sign up in the gym for teams before Saturday. Practices this Tuesday and 'Thursday. —GALBRAITH Society of Automotive Engineers: Ail members be present to elect officers Thursday night Oct 16 at 7 i30 in Room 802 of the Union. —ROMAN Military Juniors: Advanced course uniforms will be ready for fitting on Thursday, Oct 16 and Friday, Oct. 17 between 8 am. and 5pm in the supply room of the Armory, —BROWN Newman Club: thcie will he a meeting of all those interested in working of decorations for our Bainyard Frolic in Room 236 of the Unioh at 4 p m. Thursday. Please be there. “ —BARR Puttering Shop Classes: Posters and lettering. invention and industrial design classes both meet at 7:39 p m. Thursday, Oct. 16. —PARKS Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building. —BOLZ Fraternity President’s Council: Dinner meeting at Acacia house on Thursday, October 16, at 6 p m —MAYFIELD Catalyst Pledges: Important meeting of all pledges Thursday, October 16, in room 110 of the Chem and Mot Building —BRICK Code Instructions: Applications for enrollment in Radio and Code classes now being taken in the Instructors room of the Armoiy. —BURKHART Battery Softball Teams: S2 vS S3 Thursday October 16, at 4 p m. on the intramural field —FINEGAN Kappa Psi: Special meeting of all active members Thursday, Oct 16, in room 311 of the Pharmacy Bldg at 4 p m —SCOTT
PIA Members: Two positions on executive board are open Petitions will be accepted for men’s activities chairmen and Ward chairman of south ward. Petitions must be in PIA office by Monday, Oc^er 20, at 4 p m. —ELDER YWCA Cabinet Members: Important
meeting in the office at 7:16 P
day, Oct. 16. —NEWTON Purdue Outing Club; Bicycle hike on Sunday, Oct 19 All students invited to come. Meet in front of Armory at 10:30 a.m. For picnic reservations call Ted Parker at 76271 or Marjory Ward at 41111 before Satuiday noon, Oct 18. —WARD Catalyst Pledges: Financial matters are in order Meeting this Thursday, Oct 16 at 4 in room 110 of the Chemical and Mefollurgical Engineering Building. —HILL Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures on Saturday, October 18 at Sam by schools Students whose names begin with A-B (incl) Room 129, E E, Building, F-Le (incl) Room 201. C. E. Bldg Li-R (incl) Lecture Room m Michael Golden Shops; S-Z (mcl) Room 254,
E. E. Bldg, second floor lecture room
—KNAPP
Exponent ,Ag Beat Sophomores: Meeting, Thursday afternoon, Oct lb, at 5:16, in the Exponent office. Please be
Purdue Wheelmen: Hide, Sunday.JOdL 19, at 10:80 a.m. Meat at Executlye Bulldlnj*. Get tickets for ride before Saturday, pet. 18 from Vanderbilt at Ohni Hall 8446, Ralph Leuhens, Prank MpCpjr, at AXP.
5089, or Gtven Curry,
-VAN0I
166 Howitzer Gun Squad Competition : AH members of 166 Howitzer cOJrtl^tltlon squads will meet in room 20Z, at PuMUe Armory at 4 p.m. Friday, Oct, liminary instructions. —BAuM Zouaves; Final tryouts for the Zouaves will be hold on Friday, Oct 17. AH those wishing to be considered for membership must be present Formal pledging will be held on Monday, Oct. 20. —GRAF WAA: AH girls who are interested in Cabin Leadeis’ Course meet in Womens gymnasium Tuesday, Oct. 21, at Debate Managers: All Junior and Senior debate managers will meet at 4 p.m Thursday, Oct. 16, in the office. —LAWLER Piirdue Riding Club: Important meeting will be held Thursday, Oct. 16, at 7:30 p.A. in room 304 of the Union, Club keys will be distributed at this time. —GRAHAM Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Thur«day, Oct. 16, at 4 p.m. in reading room of E E Building. —SOUTHMAYDE
Senior Advanced Military Students: Will you plodse leave snapshots or pictures taken at summer camp in H F Graebner’s box at Aimory These pictures wnl be used for exhibition at coming smoker Leave name with pictures Pictures will be returned 10-15 —LARSON. Modern Dance: PiacticeS will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym. —SERBAN Novice Pistol: Students desiring to lire in the thud novice pistol group starting Tuesday Oct 21, may sign up in the supply room of the aimoiy now —BROWN WAA Riflery* Call-out Monday, Oct 13, to Ihursday, Oct 16 Schedule for houses IS posted in gym —CURRY
AN INVITING DANCE STUDIO We offer you one of fhe FInesf Dancing Schools in Indiana. DANCE CLASSES OPEN Beginners Tues., Kov. 4fh Advanced Wed., Nov. 5th ALLEN’S'” 6th & Ferry
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
RIDE TRAILWAYS SHORTEST ROUTE, FINEST SERVICE
CHICAGO GARY MICHIGAN CITY INDIANAPOLIS
O W. $1 80 1 80 1 80 1 15
PLUS WAR TAX Service to Columbus, Pittsburgh, New York, St Louis, Dallas, Los Angeles YANKEE TRAILWAYS Soufhworths Book Store Phono 7851 208 N 5th St. Phone 4475
Just Reteivetl a New Shipment of Our F,iinous “PELL MELL” COAT
This gabardine water repellaiU coat IS a 'must" in every girl's wardrobe Wear it as a raincoat or a top coat Concealed zipper fastening, two big patch pockets. In natural, aqua, powder blue and rosf, Sizes 10 to 20. "Pell Mell” sold exclusively at
Tailored to a
Enjoy the distinction of a Perfect Fitting Suit made from Exclusive Fabrics. ^ sparredahl tailor ^ 4lh and Ferry ^
ATTENTION SENIORS Your ATTENTION is called to an important fact which may affect YOU. Many of you seniors will be considering the purchase of life insurance. My Company is NOW isI suing policies WITHOUT A WAR CLAUSE. V NATE PAULUS "N Purdue M9 John Huncork Mnltial I tie Insurance Cainpanv 418 b Grant Phone 4410 May I have the opportunity to tell you the many advantages of a life insurance policy WITHOUT A WAR CLAUSE.
Southworth’s
IN THE OLD DAYS
They fixed their old and run-down writing pens by killing the turkey -which had the quill,
BUT THAT
WAS LONG AGO FOR NOW
You can have your pen repaired by factory experts at Southworth s. / We Can Fix All Pen Troubles BRING YOUR PEN IN TODAY!
It BOOK S iillPm SIORF
308-10 STATE ST. west LAFAYETTE, IND.
Souihimrth’$