k
1. i f
' k ^ f r » \4)t
K
^ > 1 «\! i % t - , '* 1 J? f I ,
Mi ’*'■- ,r ,J
'’., S'/if#
i ^
©he l?ur£iUE TSxaatient
^y atWM
> '>
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1936
ITOllSKR 14
Frosh Mass
Meeting At 7 In Union
Will Plan For Snake
Dance Preceding Var-sity-FreshmRn Game
There will be a mass meeting of all freshmen this evening in room C of the Union Building at 7 o’clock. The purpose of this meeting il to make arrangements for the annual freshman parade and snake dance before the freshman-varsity football game Saturday. The gathering will be under the supervision of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, with W. R. Fen&termaker, president, presiding. At a later date there will be a meeting to organize the Green Potters organization and elect officers for the year of ’36-’37.
Fans Choose
Milner, Greey Gain Titles As Official
Sports Announcers
Frank Milner, Sci. ’37, and George W. Greey, P. E. ’39, have been selected by popular vote of the listeners to Saturday’s football game, as official student sports announcers for this year. Milner announced the first quarter, Greey the third quarter of the game. The votes were sent in to the WBAA office by letters, cards and telephone calls. The winners, together with the two losers, Clarence Galt, Cr. ’37, second quarter announcer and Alan H. Tober, M. E. ’37, fourth quarter announcer, were the survivers of a field of 35 aspirants who were given auditions on the eve of the game.
Sororities To Hold Rush Dinners At
Houses Tonight
Approximately 25 girls will be entertained by each sorority at the second dinner of formal rush this evening at 5:30 o’clock. There will be another dinner tomorrow night, and the last one will be held Sunday, with the exception of the preference dinner. Prefeience dinner invitations may be called for by the rushees at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union any time Monday, October 5. Rushees may receive copies of the financial statement of each soroiity house this afternoon at the Pan-Hellenic desk also. At a Pan-Hellenic meeting last night, important rush rules were agreed upon. Sorority leaders stressed the importance of making no telephone calls after 8:30 p. m., serving no refreshments other than those at dinner parties, and doing no entertaining later than 8:30 p.m.
Rain Postpones Greek Golf Tournament; Will Play Tomorrow At 4
Due to excessive rain, the second round of interfratemity golf was not played yesterday. But, rain or shine, the second round will be shot tomorrow. In the first round, which was played Tuesday, most matches were finished. There were several low scores, among them were a 35 by Anderson, and a 37 by Dickinson, both of the Phi Delt team. Because of the soggy condition of the greens, the players were handicapped considerably.
NY Boy Lonesome Amid Buckeyes At Ohio State
Animal Husbandry Club Plans Tour
The annual animal husbandry tour and barbecue sponsored by the Animal Husbandry club, will be held next Thursday, October 8, starting at 4 p. m. All freshmen taking animal husbandrjj, as well as upperclassmen specializing in that option, are eligible to take part in the evening’s program. The group participating in the tour will assemble at the judging pavilion at 4 o’clock and will spend an hour or more visiting the bams and looking over this year’s livestock. The tour will end at the dean’s pasture where the barbecue and evening program will take place.
Mechanicals
Meet Tonight
Dean Potter, Professors Hockema, Young To Talk On Program
The University division of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will convene for the first time this year tonight at 7:30 in room 207 of the M. E. Building. Dean Potter, Prof. Hockema, and Prof. G. A. Young will give short talks on the,advisability of joining technical societies. Activities and a schedule of meetings for the year will be announced at the meeting. Following the program, the assemblage will adjourn to the mechanical lab where cider and doughnuts will be served.
WIND Starts
Purdue Series
The first of a series of weekly Purdue broadcasts from radio fetation WIND, Gary, will be launched today from 12:15 to 12:30 o’clock. The program for today’s broadcast will consist of short talks by representatives of the Lake County Purdue Alumni Association, and R. C. Woodworth, of the University publicity department, along with the presentation of a Science News Letter prepared by Prof. C. J. Klemme, of the University pharmacy department.
Frosh Co-eds To Elect 2
WSGA Representatives
Election of two W. S. G. A. freshman class representatives will be held Tuesday, October 20, at a mass meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Nominees, whose names have been presented in a petitions, will be voted upon. Petitions may be handed to a member of the W .S. G. A. executive board. Only freshman women will vote for their representatives.
Vote Registration Closes Tuesday
Students, faculty members and townspeople who have not as yet registered for the coming presidential election should do so on or before Tuesday, October 6, if they wish to participate in the voting. Registration places are located at various points throughout the vicinity for the convenience of voters.
300 Attend
Meeting Of
Poultrymen Ten Authorities Scheduled To Speak At Sessions Today
Ten poultry authorities are scheduled to appear on today’s program of the three-day Session of the eighteenth annual State Poultry Association meeting in the Poultry Building. Indiana hatcherymen and poultrymen turned out 300 strong for the opening sessions yesterday, where problems covering the entire range of the poultry field were discussed. Morning Program This morning’s program includes discussions of construction of poultry houses, methods of using electrical equipment and elimination of the poultry thief by S. A. Anderson, of the University; 0. R. Beuoy, prominent Indiana poultryman, and E. Culbert, as well as a talk by Dr. M. A. Jull, of the University of Maryland. Three University men, C. W. Garrick, E. R. Menefee, and Dr. E. C. Young, and Dr. W. A. Billings, of the University of Minnesota, appear on the afternoon’s program which is to be followed by a banquet tonight.
Select Radio
Casts Today
Registration for casts of the weekly plays to be given by the Radio Stage is being held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the P. I. A. office. All students of the University are eligible to register. The initial presentation will be “The Joiners,” a satire on the cluJ) joining individual, and will be broadcast over station WBAA at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon.
Camera Club Holds Meeting Tonight
Camera club will hold its initial meeting at 7:15 o’clock tonight in the reception lounge of the Memorial Union Building. All those interested in photography are cordially invited to attend.
Christian Foundation Plans Wiener Roast
Purdue Christian Foundation will hold an outdoor wiener roast and party tomorrow night. Students desiring to attend should meet at the First Christian church. Sixth and North Streets, at 5 p. m. In the event of inclement weather, the party will be held in the church basement.
Sigma Nn Will Hold Pledge Dance Saturday
Sigma Nu fraternity will present its annual pledge dance in the chapter house Saturday. Johnny Emmerman’s orchestra will furnish the syncopation.
Hobart Creighton, president of the Indiana State Poultry Association, now meeting here, is in charge of program arrangements at the general sessions.
Engineering Groups Merge
AIEE, AIChE, ASCE, AME, SAE Join To Reduce Rates
Affiliation of the Purdue Engineer with the A. I. E. E., A. I. Ch. E., A. S. C. E., A. I. M. E., and the S. A. E. organizations on the campus was announced yesterday by E. K. Jones, editor of the Engineer. The purpose of the merger is to reduce rates to students, organize better meetings, and obtain the best speakers available in the engineering field. Through the reduction in rates, it is hoped to organize all engineering students and secure for them partifeipation and not only representation in society meetings. The new rates which include membership to the organization and one year’s subs'cription to the Engineer,! follow: A. I. Ch. E., $1; A. I. E. E., new members, $3, old members, $1,25; A. I. M. E., $4. The rates in the A. I. E. E. and A. I. M. E. include subscriptions to the national publications of those associations.
Plan Chess Club
Reorganization
Reorganization of the University Chess club will be the topic of a discussion at a short meeting of the club tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in room 2 of the Union. All faculty members and students interested are urged to attend. The club will sponsor several chess tournaments, and the varsity chess team, who will engage in matches with other schools, will be picked from the club.
PLAYSHOP TICKETS
Tickets for “Ladies of the Jury” will go on sale Friday at 4 o’clock at the Playshop desk in the Memorial Union Building. “Ladies of the Jury” is to be presented on October 8 and 10 at 8:30 o’clock in Duncan Hall.
Harrison To Speak At Tippecanoe Program
Ohio State University’s football squad contains one very lonesome boy. Nicholas Wasylik, a quarterback, is the only man on the roster of 59 who hails from outside the state of Ohio. Wasylik is frorh Astoria, Long Island, and is playing his second year with the team.
Purdue’s two stalwart tackles, Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, both hail from South Bend.
William Henry Harrison, descendant of the general who led the American army in the battle of Tippecanoe, will speak at the Tippecanoe Day program, to be held on the historic battlefield on Sunday afternoon, October 4. Mr. Harrison’s address will be oh “The Human Side of General Harrison.”
REGISTRATION WORKERS
Students who worked for the registrar during the September registration may obtain their checks by calling at the registear’s office. —STONE.
Unusual Romance Develops From Books In Union Browsing Room
Editor’s Note: The following adventure was submitted by Mrs. I>. W. Josselyn, who is in charge of the Union Browsing Boom. All of the titles used in this story may be found on the shelves in the Browsing Rrom.
By Mrs. Lloyd Josselyn “Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland” are “Idiots Delight” when compared to the “Clay Parade” in “The Haunted Bookshop” during “The Long Night”. CHAPTER I “Anthony Adverse” takes “The Way of a Transgressor” and asks “Madame Bovary” to go “Prom Bad to Worse” in “The Glorious Adventure,” but “She,” knowing “Love in the Machine Age” and believing in “Plato and Platonism,” retires to “The Cathedral” rather than enter the state “Of Human Bondage” that is no “Royal Road to Romance,” but rather “A House of Exile” for
“Damaged Souls”. “Black Laughter,” like “The Hurricane” off “Treasure I/sland,” or “A High Wind” in “Jamaica,” ends this “Preface to Morals”. CHAPTER II “The Perrenial Bachelor” offers “Jane Addams” “Gold, Diamonds, and Orchids” if she will go with him in “The Dark of the Moon” to “The Little Minister”. It was a “Fatal Interview” for she said in “No Friendly Tone” that she preferred “The Old Maid of (Berkley Square” rather than “His Monkey Wife,” at “A Place in the Country”. “The Good Companions” served “Cakes and Ale” until the “Red Sky in the Morning” “Where the Blue Begins” announced “The Return of the Native” back to the Browsing Room.
Strong Frosh Team To Meet Varsity Saturday
Gimlet Sponsored Affair Will Reveal New Combinations, Plays Coach Burnham’s freshman squad will offer the varsity a grueling test of defense and offense in Saturday’s game, which begins at 2 o’clock in the stadium. The game, sponsored by Gimlet club, athletic booster honorary, promises many surprises in the form of new freshman plungers and dashmen, new varsity combinations and tricky plays for both sides. Since the victory of one side or another will not affect the varsity standing, the freshman-varsity encounters have been considerably more thrilling because of chances taken by both sides in the use of new plays, cleverly conceived but not as yet proven. These games have generally a close score, indicating that the freshman teams are of unusual caliber. For the spirit to offer their best, both teams need the backing of their respective supporters. Gimlet club has priced the'tickets at 25 cents, obtainable at the gate or from members of the Gimlet club.
Fill Vacancies In PIA Board
Parkhurst, Feldt, Dieterich Replace Old Staff
N. M. Parkhurst, Irene Feldt, and Roy H, Dieterich have been selected to fill the-^acancies left in the P. T. A. board by the resignations of John Bowmar, former campaign manager; Mary Townsend, former women’s activities chairman; and by John Ward, former treasurer, not attending school. ^ Parkhurst is a junior an the school of agriculture; Miss Feldt is in the science school, and Dieterich is a senior in the school of agriculture. Miss Feldt is also a member of Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, and chairman of the executive board of the W. S. G. A.
Dr. O’Shea Addresses Mentors At WSGA Office
Dr. Harriet O’Shea spoke to the mentors at a meeting held in the W. S. G. A. office yesterday afternoon. In her talk, she compared the problems of last year’s mentees with those confronted by the freshman and transfer women this year. After Dr. O’Shea’s talk, the mentors discussed individual problems of their rqentees.
YWCi^ Group Leaders Draft Program Plans
Organization reports were made by the various group leaders at a Y. W. C. A. cabinet meeting held yesterday afternoon in the office. From these reports, program plans will be made for the coming year.
. WET
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse Thebofessaidmycolumnyesterdayw aslousyandifididn’twriteabetteronet odayhewouldfireme. Hemademesene rvousbawlingmeoutthatibackedthro ughhisofficedoorandeaughtmyclawin thejamb^ It’ssosorenowican’tuseitto spacemycolumntodaysolguesshe’llth inkthecolumnislousyagain. Woeism e. Anywaytheweatherwillbewetto day.
James Douglas, *35, lias been appointed to a fellowship as assistant to J. S. Coffee, in the department of animal husbandry at Ohio State University. Since his graduation from Purdue University, he has been engaged in soil conservation work here.
Game Begins Dr.HadleyToSpeak A.t 2 O clock At Student Forum
Dr. Hadley, of the mathematusi department, will speak at a mating of the Purdue Student Forum tbia evening at 7:30 o’clock on “The Religious Side of Student life.” The meeting, ojien to aU studenfa, will be held in the facnl^ lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Following the talk there will bean open discussion on religion and its value to students.
A Z Sponsors Ag Reception Freshman Meetiiig In Judging Pavdioii Tomorrow Evening
Alpha Zeta, general agriculture honorary, is sponsoring the reception for the 362 freshmen in the school of agriculture at 7:30 o'dock tomorrow night in the livestock judging pavilion. Some nine dubs and societies are cooperating to make the affair a success.
Included in the evening’s program will be stunts and acts presented by the Forestry dub. Animal Husbandry club, Horticulture Society, Dairy club. Entomology Sodety, Ceres, Hoof and Horn, Poultry dub, and the Farm Management Group. 4-H club leaders will be in charge of a few short competitive games and three of the above organizations, Alpha Zeta, and Dairy and Forestry clubs will supply refreshments for the entire group.
Stout To Bring
“Scarab” Here
William B. Stout, engineer and designer, will bring his famous “Scarab,” his new motor vemde of revolutionary design, and an automobile trailer which he also designed to the campus Friday, October 9, when he arrives here to address the A. S. M. E. meeting scheduled for that date.
Mr. Stout was cmer engmeer of the Ford Motor Company until recently when he left them to become head of the Stout Engineering Laboratory in Dearborn, MichigawA. S. M. E. members are arranging an exhibit of the “Scarab” and trailer during Mr. Stout’s visit,
Report Of Third Power Conference Received
Several members of the University faculty and staff have recently received copies of a brochure containing the offidal report of the third power conference held in Washings ton early in September, when several thousand engineers brom the United States and various foreign lands gathered to consider power problems. The conference was sponsored by the federal government and received the cooperation of the American Engineering Council, which is headed by Deqn A. A. Potter, of the UniveiH sity schools of engineering, as the president.
Schumacher vs. Gontea In Second Series Gmne
Providing it does not rain Udn afternoon, the second game ef the “subway” series win start with Hid Schumacher and Mancuso as tha battery for the Giants and Lefty Gomez pairing with Bill IKckay against them. This game will be the erucml one of the series, for it will show what the Giants can do without “King'^ HubheU.
AU cc^egee—^41,000 poun^ of brains are starting another eoUei^ year, while S2,Q(Khb0<l potted are learning the latest and most tifie methods of blowing eacdi othir lepart.'-'iCliiieinv^ti Record-
% tjj;-.
gi|;f(v!'V‘'V;.,'; ',. '
uuraw- •: .r, '■
Mp'tf:
Vi-,■«! ' - 7 ^
t-4tM(7^s' /; ^'•' -'
Iv
’4;^'
fpi '- /' i'fe''
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
. Thuysday,, October 1> 193^ -i „.
Characteristics Of The Species
Vignette Of A Freshman Realizing that he had only a few minutes in which to reach the Armory for corps day drill, a Cary Hall freshman clad in his military uniform dashed down the stairs of the men’s residence just before 11 o’clock Tuesday morning. On his way out of the building he stumbled and turned his ankle. Disregarding the injury, the freshman ran to the Armory and took his place in military formation before the class bell sounded. However, the pain of the lame member became so intense that he was unable to stand and was forced to leave the ranks. After the corps had marched outside, a military truck carried him back to the hall. He was given credit for being present. The freshman ran from Cary Hall to the Armory in order to get to class on time, and he did this despite
a sprained ankle.
And Of A Senior About fifteen minutes previous to the above incident a senior co-ed, of the science school, walked into the crowded waiting room of the Student Health Service and asked for her health record papers at the information window. Upon receiving these she turned, and, disregarding the rights of the fifteen or so waiting students and any professional privacy, stepped into Dr. Hall’s office, where another co-ed was consulting the doctor. After the first patient had left, the senior was given her medicinal treatment, and she , departed. The senior indulged her feeling of superiority by disrespecting the rights of other students and the professional secrecy of a doctor.—R. P. M.
From Teacher
To Administrator
As a result of the large gain in enrollment and the consequent increases in the size of classes, professorial functions at the University are undergoing an alteration in a number of instances. Having more students under his direction and hence more papers to grade and more books to keep, the professor is being forced merely to administer courses assigned to him instead of giving individual attention to members of his classes as he formerly had time to do. This change in method of instruction will probably result in more class failures, especially in the departments of the University which grade according to established standards instead of on a percentile basis. Increase in the number of failures will be especially noticeable among undeij'classmen, for whose scholastic progress special assistance and occasional prodding in the classroom are more essential. Thus the augmented enrollment will tend to provide a sort of self-check upon itself.—^R. P. M.
Charm Under Inspection
President Roosevelt’s much publicized charm and personality will be put to a severe test tonight when he speaks over the radio. Manipulating a political coup d’etat, Roosevelt’s opponents have completely sandwiched his address by talks of their own. The president committed a political faux pas last week when he allowed A1 Smith to relinquish his time in “deference” to the president’s “ofiiciai position”. In a telegram to President Roosevelt, filled with much subtlety, A1 Smith said that he did not wish to blanket the chief executive’s time by talking at the same time. Now comes the announcement that Col. Knox will precede Roosevelt on the air. Oddly enough both President Roosevelt and Col. Knox will speak from Pittsburgh. The trio of speeches in consecutive order by three major campaigners is truly unique in campaign history. So tonight a nation will listen to Republican Col. Frank Knox at 7:30, President Roosevelt, champion of the New Deal, at 8 o’clock, and A1 Smith, Jeffersonian Anti-New Deal Democrat, at 8:30.—K. A. B.
Alas! It.is not till time, with reckless hand, has torn out half the leaves from the book of human life to see to light the fires of passion from day to day, that man begins to see the leaves which remain are few in number.—Longfellow.
It used to be easier to make a college address when the world was traditional and habitual.—Newton D. Baker.
$urbue exponent Fonnded in 1883 1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST Member of Nationul CoUese Press Association, Bi«r Ten Editorial Association ExcluaiTdy B^resented by National Adyertisinir Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University ^ EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief„. W. T. Hunt Managing Editor..^ E. H. Morris Aasoeiate Editors— K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manlon, C. L, Sadler ■" SPORTS STAFF •ports Editor. — — L. D. Wood iUHMiate Sports Editors- „W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F, Obenchain BUSINESS STAFF Manager —— _R. J. Hulse MM^nal Advertising Manager _L. H, Brown Li^l Advertising Manager .D. C. Miller direction Manager J. P. Girard ■ WOMEN’S STAFF ■ditor..'„ — — Helen Creech Advertteing Manager— Betty Barnett Aaaoetete Editom— —....Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Issue Rditor--H. N. Behrends
Readers’ Opinions
rli« BxtentHt totUomes eommttitlt of good Usto oni reosoHoblo length frotu ttt reisers.
Forestry SchoolNow Or N^ver
To the Editor: The students of the future forestry school have always expressed and always will express their desires and opinions in such a way that all who are interested and concerned cannot be mistaken as to the stand taken by these forestry students on important matters. It may also be added that the decisions and demands of said students should not be ignored by those of whom these demands are made because the members of the forestry school (now the department of forestry in the school of agriculture) are so strongly organized and determined that they will ultimately have to be reckoned with. The Forestry club is one of the largest clubs on the campus—^practically every forester being a member. The spirit of cooperation and comradeship is so strong; that whatever they do they do as a whole and not as individuals. They have decided that now is, the time for the founding of the forestry school at Purdue. Not that this is a new idea. For years now, since the department of forestry started progressing by leaps and bounds, the idea has been growing. Time and time again the subject was brought up, analyzed, and discussed from different viewpoints. Each time the same conclusion was reached — there must be a forestry school in this University and not a department of forestry. Foresters in key positions in the United States have been written to and asked to contribute their opinions. Plans have been made to send petitions to influential members of the state legislature asking that something be done about this matter. Ways and means of putting the proposition before the right authorities here at the' University are being discussed. Let it be understood by those who can fulfill this demand that the forestry students will not rest till they can call themselves members of the forestry school.—A Forester.
Editor’s Note: Why is it necessary that a school of forestry be established? Under the existing arrangement, there are more opportunities for research and extension work than if the department of forestry was made into a separate school. The demand for forestry training, which has had a sharp increase in the last two years, is not necessarily going to increase; experts have said that this demand is only temporary. If a separate school were established, it would prove a false step if enrollment fell off.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in thir column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
A Third Fable
Once a young fellow who had a fine mind and was a good mixer entered the college named Per-Dew. Looking over the available activities in his freshman year, he selected one in which his abilities as a mixer would serve him to good advantage. He was of the right type to rise to the top in this particular activity, but he made two small mistakes: He joined the Eata Peaca Pi fraternity, which was a small house with no political connections, and he entered one of the largest departments in the college. After two years of hard work, there was a popular election in this particular activity. Being in a large department, he found himself with 23 opponents in the election. He was a right-minded chap, so he decided he would not go in for the kind of politics that had proved so successful in recent elections, but would rather rest on his merits, which were of the best, and do only a moderate bit of campaigning. This plan suited his fraternity, for the boys didn’t feel quite up to going out and arousing enthusiasm for his election. He was, personally, the most popular of the candidates running, but there was a boy from the Alpha Notha house who got his brothers to join a clique and boost him continually. As a result, this second fellow won the election, even though he hadn’t shown as much ability. Our hero was disappointed, but he wasn’t bitter until he looked around and saw who had been elected from one of the smaller departments of the college. This fellow was a yokel and in a fog, but he had no opposition so he was automatically taken into office. Our hero was so bitter after that that he quit school and dug ditches the rest of his life. MORAL: Popular elections are unpopular.
Anyone who thinks science is trying to make human life easier and more pleasant is utterly mistaken.— Einstein.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.—Oscar 'Wilde.
Jobs have a habit of seeming easier when done now, rather than tomorrow.—Personal Efficiency.
It is worth while going through college if only to know what is not there.—Lincoln Steffens.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.—^Franklin.
Exponeint Platform
3.
Establish student SELF^govenunent. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon> oraryfees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Modify the Student'Union election system. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
B ol la
d &
ck
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
The weather we have had of late depresses both the spirit and pants.
The following verse must be good, we found three other college papers who swiped it from the Daily Illini: Why is it professors can wear purple tibs. Haphazard haircuts and coats the wrong size, Trousers too short and the color scheme vile. Yet flunk me in English because of my style?
Fisi pledge Don Combs has bought a bicycle with a large and noisy SIREN. These Fisis always were good at putting on the dog.
BUD RHODES is just CRA—ZY over MARY ED JOHNSON. He can’t eat, sleep or dr (maybe we’d better not go too far, after all he is a Fidelt).
We hear that “BLONDIE” DECKER could be one of the better bowlers. Her only difficulty now is that she must look at her audience to see if anybody is watching her as she slings the sphere.
Sodas she liked not. Sundaes she never dared Sandwiches she tried not. For shows she never cared; Taxis, they were never had. If you didn’t walk It was just too bad— Wotta woman!!!
If we only knew what she did, and if she did what she might do, she’d be a perfect date for that “end of the month pocketbook effect”.
WE WANT FAMOUS LAST LINES In order that you may have the first four lines of the limerick we repeat it here: A young man drove out to the airport. Intending to have some great sport, When ’round swung the beam And there stood the dean (Fill In)
We have received this infamous last line So far from some legal wit:
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
STUDENTS Use Our Easy Pay Plan to buy a DESK MODEL RADIO $9.95
Firestone Service Store
9th and Perry J. M, Cowan. Mgr.
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
Improve Your
Dancinj
By Enrolling in Our
NEW ADVANCED CLASS
In Ballraoni Dancing
Friday, Oct. 2, 7:00 p. m. Swing Time Waltz, Swing Pox Trot and the latest dances taught.
Phone 2160
ALLENS
6th & Perry
ARC
Thursday - Friday - Saturday
BUCK JONES
“SUNSET OF UOWER” and WM. BOYD in “Go and Get ^Em Haines” alao “CLUTCHING HAND”
“Now don’t give them the impression we’d like to put up with them for the night—just tell them we haven’t checked in at any hotel yet.”
“Saying, ‘beware young man that’s a tort.’ ”
REMEMBER a MARS pass for the best last line to above limerick.
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
Get ’em in before Friday at 4.
Harvard Lampoon—^Here lies the body of an atheist, all dressed up and no place to go.
R. J. BATH' Watch Maker 608 Main Street
FAMILY
TODAY Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE
' BjWBIW— HOOGH READY AND KOARINC!
W’E:S^:E R;N SEETHSv'WlW^ RqiviAN.ee,! ' "'RO B ,
BARIN6 JHE HEART QFJU.LVQjlANEIND
Today - Rridav - Saturday^
MARS
HIS TROUBADOR8
JEAN SARGENT in MUSICAL COMEDY>■% t
4-'l\ 1‘jS. ,
^ '^'V
’ / ^ Tv ^ . n.i'5
thb purdub exponent
P<i«gTfar4#
Pluimbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Husiness DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
^‘BEAC” HAS EVERYTHING fora COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
DOUBLE FEATURE
Today . . . Friday . . . Saturday
ielder’s.... ....choice ■■By Bob Walpole——
your loo SB CHANGE
Iron out . ^ your laundry worries
Sl¥IFTLr — SAFELY — £C0
We just wondered why those freshmen required to take swimming during the frosh single military hours have any objections coming ... instead of kicking, take it as a break for you ... if you don’t know the art of swimming, it is high time that you learned ... if you do, this is an opportunity to improve ... ——fc— Remember the Dolphin club dance tomorrow night . . . the orchestra, Joe McCartney . . . the place, the Union, the reason for a good time, and also to send YOUR varsity swimming team on'trips this winter . . . tickets may be secured from members of the swimming team and Dolphin club members . . . also at the Union desk tomorrow night... —fc— We picked this dope up yesterday afternoon concerning former Purdue football men . .. —fc— Jim Carter, one of the famous Boilermaker Touchdown Twins, is head coach at Mankato State Teachers College in Minnesota ... he followed Emmett Lowery, another Purdue football star . . . —fc— Butch Loebs, last year varsity end, and the only Boilermaker on the 1936 All-Star team, is line coach at Huntington, West Virginia, high school... the school is the largest in the state .. . —^fc— Hewitt East, another of last year’s gridders, is head football coach and athletic director at Howe Military Academy... —^fc— Ed Skoronski is playing end for the Pittsburgh Pirate national professional football team ... at Purdue he was a center ...
••
Lot that dependable college pal. Railway Express, l^ck up and ship your laundry home and back for yon every week. You will find it glossy going--ensy, fas(^ inexpensive. Mtnrely notify the folks you will send the package by Railway Express, and ask them to return it the same way. You can send it collect too, yon know, and while on tkat subject, we can add, only by Railway Express. The folks will understand. It Mves keeping accounts, paying bills, to say nothing of spare change. You’ll find the idea economical all round. The minimum rate is low — only 38 cents — sometimes less. Pick-up and delivery by motor vehicle and faumrance included in the shipping charge. It’s the same with shipping baggage or anything else by Railway Express. So arrange your shipping dates by phone cidl to the Railway Express agent, and start now.
9 So. Second St. Thone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
Rallway Express A.OBNCY, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
FRATERNITY SOFTBALL Today Diamond 1— Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Faculty. 4— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Kaptpa Epsilon. 5— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Kappa. 6— Theta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 7— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Chi. 8— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 9— Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Tau Delta. 10— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Chi. 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma A1 12— ^Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 13— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Pirathon 14— ^Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 15— Theta Tau vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 17— ^phi Gamma Delta vs. Triangle 18— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma
Pi.
are you GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Sigma Delta Psi tryouts Atiiletic Honorary Tests Stayt At 4 Today
Starting at 4 o’clock today, tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, will be held at the stadium under the direction of D. D. McCormick. These tryouts will continue each Thursday from today on.
McCormick, who is the local president, will be in charge of all tests and interview all applicants. A fee of three dollars is still in effect for all those who gain entrance to the honorary. Wide Range The tests cover a wide field with dashes, mile run, broad jump, high jump, shot put, 100 yard swim, rope climp, posture and scholarship all being requirements which present themselves for the aspirant’s ability. All applicants should report to McCormick at 4 o’clock today at the Ross-Ade stadium to begin the series of tests.
Co-ed Hockey Players Practice For Tourney
All women hockey enthusiasts are urged to come out to the W. A. A. class practices held on the Women’s Athletic Field each day after school. These practices are leading up to the tournaments between class teams, which will be selected in a few weeks.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Open Entrant List For FaR
Golf Tourney
Any person wishing to participate in the all-campus golf tournament may do so by signing the bulletin board in the Memorial Gym. A ten cent entry fee will be charged and any person signing for the tourney must play 18 holes to qualify. Prices to be awarded are: a trophy to the first place winner and medals for second and third places. No definite date has been set as yet but this information will be announced as soon as enough players qualify.
UNIVEKSinr CALENDAE
IndSan* Stoto Pcvltoy tion. Poultry BuOdfing, Purdue Womer^s Club L|incbeo% Ballroom, Union Btdlding, 1:90 fw
m.
Tomorrow Alpha Zeta Ag Freshman Reception, Judging Pavilion, 7 to 9:39 p.
m.
Indiana State Poultry Association, Poultry Building.
GOLF
All those interested jn the allcampns golf toum^ must sign up at the intramural ofBee before Saturday, 6etober 3. Briiqr ten cents to cover green fees.
KEYS
Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks^ nisht latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North ]^fth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
The thinkinsr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
OR A quiet coke, a delightful sandwich, a pleasant plate lunch, or a juicy, appetizing steak . . . all at reasonable prices.
Visit the Grill Lounge
The Purdue Memorial Union
%om0r of the Campus^ yet the Center of College Agtivitks^^
Eovry pha$€ ot
^ PTI CAL optical Morvicc
it offered in out complete ettab» lithmeni- IS^-
E RVICE minatioi^^^^
emtmenuSrttTA
I
Dr. A. Enz, Jr.
607 Main St.
Phone 2605
Be Happy in Bed I
Here’t what the well-bred torso will wear in bed. No tight rope to cut your equator and rum your “night life.” The soft nobelt waist-band moulds to the “tummy” like a second layer of epidermis with iw pressure.or cutting at the mid-riff'.
The Nehelt Is guaxantecd for the life «f the gannent.
FaultUu Nobelt Pajamas $1.95 and up
ADYdNCB GUARO FASHIONS by Wilson Brotben
Battimore Clothes Sh^
g Imagine^ Imogene^ she only pays 10^ for those divine cigarettes** B B "Get Wise, Gloriana^ Twenty Grand’s crashed the 400!’* B
Copr. 1936 The Axtoa-Foher Tidiaeco Co.. Inc. WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and DomesdcTobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoki^ quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50^ more.
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTIES
(Signed) Sell, Putt & Rushy Inc. (In eoUaboTotion with tobacco expert)
W HEN the class of 1917 was at coU^ a Ioi« distance telephone call took (on the aYerage) more than ten minutes to he put throug|h. This time has been whittled down gradnaUy, so that now the connection is made in an average of 1.4 minutes—nine out of ten of them while you
hold the line.
But this is only one phase of the relentless efltort to improve. Your service is better today because voice transmission is elearer—iuterraptions Bud errors less frequent than
ever before.
America demands fast but sure telephone service—and
gets it.
College men and wofnen
find offer 7 P. M.
: a c o n V e U;>« d t t i m e for
long distance colling.
Moreover, mps^t rates ore
lowest then. '
ULLI. Ti; 1.1; 1*110\ L !SY.STi;3l
hr,1 r . 1 J % t i V
WiTff'i IK' ' t.,
^Vin '‘^ At'1^1 } S ‘ ,{»» » b /'•
'•ik
Mlt6,fV»ttT
THE PttRDTJE B:^PONENT
K. ’ ' -i ■!'■'-KKr::-':]/
h > , 'v^ '’' , " CA ; , t, i' , .t,T
JMiS^mi
m4M!
ftiVf
j;4T]b»rSday„ Qctpbei; 1.1936
'rx
Lost—K & E duplex slide rule. Name on inside of case. Reward Reith, 5021.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. EbershofF, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—^Variety of books, 5 cents and up. Several book racks. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth Street.
For Sale—^Eastman 3%x5% kodak, 8x10 and 5x7 wide angle lenses. Bargain at quick sale. Call A. M. or P. M. Smith, 508 N. 4th St.
Lost—Man’s wrist watch. Donald A. Baldwin, June 12, 1936, A. A. H. S. engraved on back. Phone 3418. Reward.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms and good board for girls at 311 Chauncey Ave. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
The library of congress is the largest in the western hemisphere, containing mdre than 3,900,000 printed books and pamphlets.
NOTICES NsnoticM accepMI after 8 p.m.
Playshop Stagre Crew—R^ort to work in sub-basement Oct. 1 at 4. . ,, —KETCHAM.
Scrivner Club—^Meeting Oct. 1 at 632 Harrison St. at 8 p. m. Bring manuscripte, ■—^VERBEjK.
Rytex Sketchies Clever little deckled edge informals—^gaily bordered . . . indispensable for short letters, informal invitations, “thank-you” notes . . . and delightful for gifts. 100 INFORMALS 100 ENVELOPES
$
Printed with Name, Address or Monogram on informals in smartly correct lettering styles. White Vellum, Grey Threadloom or Ivory Threadloom . . . borders in blue, green, red and brown. At this special low price be sure to buy a supply for future use and for Christmas gifts. HAYWOOD'S Lafayette, Ind. Retail Department 5th and Ferry Sts.
Bowlintr—There is a new women's bowling class, P. B. W. 68, opeta 3\iesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women's Gym. —ELLIS.
Bowling—The Leahy-Barrett combination claims the All-University doubles championship and desires to announce itself open to all challenges.
Union Sophomores—6ur committees Will meet in new Union workshop at 4 Oct. 1. —PITTS, SCATTEEDAY, • WIEGANDT. Radio Stage—^AIl students interested in trying out for radio stage casts please roister in the P. I. A. office Oct. 1 at 4 p. m. —SCHLUNDT.
Independent Staff—Important meeting of all members of the staff pctober 1 at 7 p. m. All independent students interested in working on the paper please report to thta moeting. The Anal staff for the year will be decided upon. —SENNSTROM.
Independent Staff—Important meeting of all members of the staff Oct. 1 at 7 p. ih. All independent students interested in working dn the staff this year please report to this meeting. The final staff for the year will be chosen. —SENNSTROM.
Fraternity Presidents’ OnncU — Meeting at the Delta Tau Delta house, 6 p. m., Oct. 1 —KETTLE.
W. A. A.—Open swim Oct. 1 at 7:30 p. m. —TUBBS.
Radio Stage—^All students interested in trying out for radio stage casts please register in P. I. A. office Oct. 1 at 4 p. m. Experience not essential. / —SCHLUNDT.
Glider Club—Meeting Oct. 1 at 7 ;1$ p. m. in room 2'>of Union. Please come prepared to pay all dues. —ONEAL.
Agricnltnrists—Important meeting of entire staff Oct. I at 7:80. Please be there. —PARKISON.
Philosophy and Religion Group—Meeting at Y. W. C. A. office Oct. 1 at 4 p. m. —SCHAFER.
Health Service—The following are requested to report to the student health laboratory, room 101, Stanley Coulter Hall, Sept. 30 or Oct. 1, between 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. D. E. Lowman, H. J. Lucas, W. T. Luce, L. E. Lucas, L. A. Luth, R. A. Lynch, W. D. McCauley, R. P. McConnell, P. H. McKnight, R. J. McMaken, R. W. McMurtrie, R. E. McNeal, C. T. Manlove, W. W. Mark, H. W. Markham, H. G. Martin, Dick Maurer, F. A. Mayfield, E. Meers, C. H. Michael, F R. Miller, M. J. Miller, T. P. Miller, J. O. Mills, C. F. Milvo, W. W. Morris, H. O. Mouson, C. E. Moore, J. A. Mroz, A. Moacowitz, G. Mueller, K. T. Mulholland, P. Murphy, W. H. Murray, P. B. Muaser, J. H. Musson, J. R. Nesbitt, J. NeWman, G. Nicklas, J. A. Noon, J. K. Norris, E. Nuding, R. Obenchain, G. M. Oberholtzer, J. E. O’Connor, P. E. O’Connor, J. E. O’P^arrell, E. H. Orr, E. M. Otto, W. R. Ourand, A. C. Palemo, J. M. Parrett, P. E. Peine, C. B. Peter, E. J. Pertz, R. C. Potter, E. W. Poto, J. M. Prendergast, A. F. Raebel, W. C. Raitt, E. P. Rateike, T. J. Reese, P. W. Rifenburgh, R. L. Reiley, B. RenBoin, J. R. Reser, M. T. Reynolds, M. S. Riddiford, N. H. Biise, T. W. Rose, F. W. Rosebrock, L. A. Both, W. H. Rusae, P. J. Scott, G. F. Scott, R. A. Sherman, S. R. Schleicher, R. L. Schinbeckler, C. A. Schory, P. K. Schleicher, A. C. Schrader, P. Schriber, S. H. Scully, R. G. Schwaegerie, D. P. Seale, J. H. Sears, B. J. Serowick, H. J. Segrave, R. J. Shank, R. S. Shaw, M. M. Shendler, G. Shepherd, S. W. Shiley, W. P. Shirley, H._E. Shively, R. J. Schrader, L. Seiss, J. L. Simmons, J. Singer, R. L. Slaughter, F. K. Stamm, M. L. Stamm, B. Stack, B. Stouder, W. E. Starutt, R. P. Seaton, R. M. Stehman, T. B. Stephenson, M. R. Strock, Ivan W. Strong, R. C. Stroup, W. P. Study, W. T. Sullivan, R. E. Suly, O. O. Surface, M. W. Sutton, J. C. Swatider, L. K. Swing, D. W. Sweetnam, V. B. Thegze, A. N. Thom, J. H. Thompson, S. J. Thursby, J. P. Yocom, _R. P. Tomezak, W. Townsend, J. T. Trembols, G. H. 'Truran, R. H. Turnbell, W. E. Unger, H. D. Valentin,e M. B. VanHoose, R. W. Viehe, V. T. Vitkus, P. Vuchinas, R. J. Vyverberg, R. J. Wagner, C. H. Waldhaver, R. A. Wargo, Lynn J. Warner, P, H. Wehrenberg, T. A. Weldon, J. J. Werst, J. W. Whitson, N. B. Willey, J. G. Williams, P. H. Wolfard, J. J. Wolf, J. R. Wood, C. S. Worden, W. M. Young, K. M. Young, A. Zimmerman, D. J. Quinlan, B. L. Zweig, Frances Baker, Enid G. Baker, Helen Barnes, Mary A._ Beko, Dons Best, Dorothy Boenicke, Virginia E. Coon, Emma Fickle, Rosemary Goodman, Ruth Graves, Marion Groves, Ruth Hall, Marion Hays, Betty Hixon, 'Thelma Hood, Mary Huffine, Mary Ann Koch, Ellen Lentz, Louise Lyman, Lulia MacDermid, Catherine Mills, Jean Maechtle, Alice Martens, Mary Ann Nisley, Bettye Osaenberg, Marjorie Padgett, Barbara Pickett, Helen Plank, Margaret Rickey, June Richards, Carmen Rivadeneira, Joan Roth, Georganne Schilling, Margaret Stacher, Edna Stephen, Helen Summers, Rhea K. Thomas, Catherine Weisinback, Pauline Wiseheart, Jane Woodcock, Esther Woodward, Sara Wynn, Shirley Yonover. —MILLER. Ag Freshmen—All are invited to the reception Oct. 2 at 7:30 p. m. in the judging pavilion. -HARDIN.
Independents—-All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Alpha Lambda Delta Library CommitteeMeeting in room 1 of Union Oct 1 at 4 p. m, —POTMAN. W. A. A.—Swimming team practice from 7:30 to 9:30 Oct 1. All classes are eligible. —BRADY.
W. A. A. Hockey—Sophomore and senior practice at 4 Oct. 1. In case of rain report to gym. —THOMPSON.
Y. W. C. A.—Personal relations group will meet in tlje Y. W. C. A. office at 4 Oct. 1. —MILLS.
Co-ed Bowling—Bowling alleys will be reserved for women Oct. I after 6 p. m. Alleys will be open to women only. Get your practice in now for W. A. A. tourney. —BRADY.
Y. W. C. A. Music Interest—All girls interested in music are invited to attend a concert by electrical transcription to be given in the music room of the Union Oct. 2 at 4. —WIEN.
Alpha Zeta—All men meet at the judging pavilion Oct. 2 at 7 p. m. -HARDIN.
Chess Club—Short meeting to reorganize the Chess club Oct. 2 in the Union at 7 p. m. All faculty and students who are interested are urged to attend. —STALLINGS.
Union Sophomores — My cmnmittee will meet in the Union office at 4 Oct 1 —SHEEiTS.
Healthful Appetizing Food
Served quickly from two fast moving Unes awaits you in
The Union Cafeteria
Economical, Spotlessly Clean, and with Variety to Suit Every Taste
The Purdue Memorial Union '^Corner of the Campus, yet the Center of College Activities'^
Y. W. C. A^Lit^rary group meet in the y. W, C. A. office at 4 Oct. 1, —KLjBIN. Purdue Christiafi Fotandatlon—An outdoor wiener loaet will be held Oct. 2. Students desiring to attend will meet iSt the First Christian church, 6th and North St., at 6.
WBAA TODAY 11:00—Hoosier Town Hall, Prof, P. E. Lull, University Hall. 11:60—^Purdue News Plashes, Bob Woodruff, 12:00—^Noon Melodies. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:80—Chemistry. Representative from School of Chemical Engineering. 12:46—^Noon Musicale. 1:00—You and Your Health, “Common .Cold” discussed by S. J. Miller, ' M. D. 1:16—Electrical Shop, “Volta and the Invention of the Battery,” Mr. Siskind. 1:80—^American Literature, Dr. Sutcliffe. 1:46—Markets, J. R. Hays. 2:00—Current Events. 2:16—^Musical Album. 2:30—Songs and Melodies. 2:46—Treasure Cheat, Mrs. Elna Stewart Huffman. 3 .-OO—^Musical Moments. 3:16—^Education and Society, “Training for Industry," Prof. Russell J. Greenly. 3:30—Afternoon Musicale. 3:46—Man-Behind-The-Wheel.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Seohee*B HEMBRANDT STUDIO Porti'aits Fhofb Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
SDIBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Have you tried Crown Cleaning Service ?7^7? ■ 5 ■ ■ Learn why [more Purdue Students use Crown cleaning
ROWN
FINE CLEANERS
O F
AUNDRY
FINE CLOTHES
Again this year we make this offer Spedal...to Students Only
DOWN
Money Refunded If Not Satisfied No Demonstrations
A WEEK
Philco 84B—$20.00 Small Additional Charge for Terms
We Will Buy Your Set Back From You In June If You Wish
Enjoy your football by RADIO
Pull up your easy chair—take out your pipe and relax. That’s all you have to do to go to football games if you have a PHILCO RADIO. The biggest games in the biggest stadiums are right at your side—from the first strains of the band to the last whistle—and all explained so clearly and interestingly that the whole gang can enjoy them. The season is already under way —you had better drop in and cash in on this astounding offer we are making you, the students of Purdue.
THE FOSTER SHOP
West Side Square
Phone 4900