i ri /7 ii
i ■>
a
I if 1 f
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Snow or rain in north, rain in south, rising temperature.
Piiidue Exponent
z-us
IHDRSDilY February %, 1939 Lafayette# Inc&stia
VoLSO
Na.lCf3
Miami Triad Will Hcid Formal Dance Tomorrow Evening The aiinual Miami Triad formal will be held in thfe Union ballroom tomrrow evening. Hal Lieber and his Indiana University orchestra will furnish the music from 9 to 12 p. m. The backdrop and ballroom decorations will follow the theme of the programs which include the crests of the trio in blue and pink. The dance is closed except to members and their guests. The Triad is made up of the three social fraternities-+Phi Delta Theta, Beta Theta Phi, and Sigma Chi— which originated on the Miami University campus in Oxford, O. While this is not Lieber’s first appearance on the campus, it is the first formal dance which he has played for here. His previous campus stands inc^ide mixers and the Battle of Swing with Bud Bryant’s orchestra after the Indiana game this fall. V 2n(l Semester Rush Will Open Saturday Second semester open rush will start Saturday afternoon with registration at the Pan-Hellenic desk from 1 till 4 p. m. for would-be neophytes. A 60 cgnt fee will be levied for registration. Invitations to sorority dinners and parties may be issued any time after noon on Sunday February 5. Friday night at 12 midnight is the deadline for pledging. On February 24, women Greeks will hold their annual dance in the Union ballroom, under the direction of the Pan-Hellenic Council. Grace Reinhart is chairman of the dance. Arrangement for a dinner before the ball, for members of the council and their dates, are in the hands of Charlotte Lochner.
Exponent Editorial Staff Meeting Exponent editorial staff members will meet in the tower room of the Union at 7:30 o’clock tonight to arrange work schedules for next semester. Co-ed and sports staff members need not attend this meeting. Instruction will be given regarding duties during the second semester and questions will be answered pertaining to organization, work, and election of staff members for next year. All eds desiring to work on the staff next semester should attend.
Secret Six Member Will Open Program For Crime School “Detection and Control of Crime” is the general subject of the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society Crime Conference to be held in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building this afternoon and evening. The program has been arranged to interest students, staff members and general public alike. Although subjects will be treated mainly from the chemist’s standpoint, the program has been designed so that the average person will be able to understand and benefit from it. At 3:30 p. m. this afternoon, Don L. Kooken, supervising lieutenant, Indiana State Police, will open the session with a talk on “General Methods of Crime Control in Indiana.” Lieutenant Kooken was born in Garrett, Indiana, and entered the World War as a First Lieutenant. He is editor of several papers on crime detection, but is especially known for his work with the Chicago Secret Six Committee which was instrumental in bringing the Capone gang to justice. Dr. Barker To Speak Dr. R. N. Harger, professor of biochemistry and toxicology at .Indiana University, will deliver the other address of the afternoon, speaking on “Analytical Toxicology.” Dr. Hargen received degrees from Washburn College, University of Kansas, and Yale. He entered Indiana as a professor in 1922 and is especially known for his comprehensive work on chemical tests for intoxication. At 5:45, the society will hold their banquet in the ballroom of the Union in honor of the conference speakers. “Arsenic, the Handy Agent of the Secret Poisoner,” is the topic to be discussed by Dr. W. D. McNally, formerly Toxicologist of Cook county, Illinois, at 7 o’clock this evening. Dr. McNally served thirteen years as chief chemist, toxologist, and coroner of Cook county. The final Speech- of the conference will be given by Dr. J. H. Mathews, professor of chemistry. University of Wisconsin, at 8 o’clock tonight. Dr. Mathews is a.member of the American Chemical Society and is especially interested in the application of science to crime detection.
Nona lieedy,Sweet..
Frosh Elect Ten Senators
. .. mistress of swing, who will appear with Chuck Coe and his Purduvians at the first mixer of the semester Saturday evening in the Union ballroom. Purduvians Will Play For First Mixer Of Semester Chuck Coe and his Purduvians will play for the first regular mixer of the semester in the Union ballroom Saturday night from 9 to 12 p. m. Nona Reedy is the featured vocalist with the orchestra. The band has some special arrangements featuring the tenor saxophones which should fit in well with the current trend in sophisticated swing. S. D. bistelhorst... . . . EE ’35, has tendered his resignation as technical editor of Air Conditioning and Oil Heat, in New York City, effective February 20, in order to join the sales promotion staff of the Cochrane Corporation, Philadelphia, Pa.
Exchange Registers 50 Per Cent Gain In Sales On Opening Day Over $2,100.00 worth of books had changed hands at the book exchange yesterday to far surpass last year’s opening day’s sales of $1400. The total number of books registered at closing time last night was 1,929, which exceeds the previous semester’s record by a wide margin. With interested students swinging their hands back and forth through the beam of the electric eye, others seeing if they could hurdle the beam, and the electric eye itself being out of adjustment, the board of control states that there is very little chance of securing an accm-ate count of the number of students entering the exchange. Technical Texts Needed Exchange officials issued another call for technical books in ME, EE, CE, ChE, and some of the technical ag courses. An over supply of the boote for English I, Psychology I, GE 32, 46, 11, 12, and Economics I have been received. The Book Exchange will open at 10 a. m. today and close at 8 p. m. The Exchange will close at 5:30 on Friday and Saturday, and will be open Monday through Tuesday. The registration numbers of books that have been sold will be posted each hour on a bulletin board at the ballroom door, and students may collect their money as soon as their numbers are posted. Books will be accepted today, but sellers must present their passports.
New Senators Will Take Posts At Next Senate Meeting; Tie For Seat In Pharmacy School Shows Close Race Ten freshman senators were swept into office as over onethird of the entire freshman class turned in a total of 750 votes at the registration polls. Those elected are:
Engineers:, T. B. Belles, J. Chase, R. DeGarmo, W. Frank, W. A. Hepburn, and R. B. Trueblood.
Agriculture: J. Walley.
Science: C. F. Gobble.
Pharmacy: T. D. (5arpenter and
E. Margolis (tie).
Home Economics: Beth Parten-
heimer.
(Editor’s Note: This is the second of a series of articles written for the Purdue EXPONENT on student life in Sweden by George W. Trefts. During his freshman and sophomore years, Trefts studied mechanical engineering at Purdue, but this year entered the Royal Technical University of Stockholm as an exchange student.) >
Dr. Perrine Speaks Before 1/000 Over 1,000 persons crowded the Memorial Gymnasium last night to watch Dr. J. 0. Perrine, of the Bell Telephone Company, hum, hiss, and make terrible faces at them from the inside of a phone booth, as he demonstrated the truth of the formula T(fl-f2) = Q. In which T is time, fl-f2 is difference in frequency of the sound (or method of transmission) and Q is the result achieved.
By stepping up the frequency.
Dr. Perrine showed that the time to achieve the same results—the successful transmission of a mes-
sage—could be speeded up. One Frequency No Message Through the use of one frequency
no message could be transmitted. * To illustrate this the demonstrator gave a brilliant exhibition of humming. As further examples of monotones, an oscillator was put into use, which gave frequencies over of I'ange of 30 to 16,000 cycles per
second.
These sounds were presented to the audience through a high fidelity amplifying system. The speaker of this system weighed 600 pounds, was a combination of four-speakers-in-one. Two speakers handled the middle frequencies, one handled the high frequencies, and another handled the low frequencies. Through the use of combination the wide range of frequencies was easily taken care of. A Mr. Buffington in Lafayette handled the long distance circuits, (Continued on page 4)
See Your Shadow Today? Oh Well, If You're Not A Groundhog It Doesn't Matter Much
By The Roving Reporter
If you see a small rise in the snow, a rise that seems to move slowly around for a while and then disappear—^it might be Mr. Groundhog out for his annual peek at the
elements. Today’s the day!
Confidentially we think he hasn’t a ghost of a chance of seeing his shadow, and we look forward to an immediate summer. You can’t very well see your shadow when you’re crawling under 14 point nine (according to the Chicago Trib) inches
of snow.
The bothering fact about Groundhog day isn’t whether he will see his shadow or not, or whether we will have six more weeks of winter or not—^what worries us is the idea of where he will appear. “Gloomy Thursday?” If he should happen to pop up on our campus, the steam shovels would probably frighten him back into his hole without giving him a
chance to think about shadows. That is, if there is still a place for him
to dart back into.
But just between you and us, we know just how much more winter we’re going to have—^woodchuck or no woodchuck. While hitching home we encountered an individual who might well have been a meteorolo-
gist.
Says he to us, “Snowin ’purty hard ain’t it? Well, we won’t be having much more of it. Do you know there is only gonna be nine more snows before summer?” Our face showed bewilderment. “Ya see” our forecaster explained “the day of the month when the first snow comes—there’s gonna be that many during the winter.” Now that you know, we might as well give you all the dope and let you figure it out for yourself. Maybe you better watch for the
groundhog, anyway.
Seventy-Five Ducats Remain For InterFraternity Dance
Seventy-five of the 400 ducats for the Interfraternity Presidents’ Ball were still available last night according to R. M. McGhee, in charge of publicity. The Ball is scheduled for Friday, February 10, with Charlie Agnew as presiding maestro
from 9 to 12 p. m.
Tickets priced at two dollars are on sale at all fraternities and a limited number have been placed at the Union desk for unorganized men. Arrangements for the decorations and programs have not been completed as yet but will be announced in the near future. Agnew will come here from an engagement in Chicago where he is appearing nightly at Merry Garden Ballroom and broadcasting over a national hook-up five times a week. This will be Agnew’s third appearance here in a little over a year. He played for the Sophomore Cotillion and doubled with Buddy Rogers for the Junior Prom last year. 160 New Passport Photos Are Taken According to an unofficial estimate received yesterday after registration closed, approximately 160 passport photographs were taken during the two-day registration pe-
riod.
Of these 160 photos, about 20 were taken for students of the University who had lost their passports, the remaining 140 being for students new to the campus or former students who did not attend the University the past semester.
Corps Day Today Capt. Morse, post adjutant, stated last night that there will be Corps Day formation today and all men in the first and second regiments will be required to attend in uniform.
There was no contest in the PE school as they had only one representative, who was declared ineligible. Consequently, the PE’s will have no seat in the senate: Senators to Decide Tie A Student senate meeting will be held the first part of next week to determine what action shall be taken in the tie for the Senate post in the pharmacy school. Due to the fact that there will be no PE representative, it is likely that both of these pharmacy candidates will get a chance to work as members of the Student Senate. It is possible, however, that the Senate may decide to hold another election in the pharmacy school to determine who shall represent them. This year’s race for seats in the Senate was one of the closest in years, with positions in almost every school being closely contested. Newly elected senators will take office at the next regular meeting of the student senate. They will hold their positions only until the end of the present semester, at which time elections are again held. WBAA To Feature Veteran N. A. Cadwalder's Birthday Celebrating the one hundredth birthday of Nathan A. Cadwalder, Indianapolis, WBAA will broadcast a special program at 2:15 Friday, February 10. The program will feature a brief summary of the life of Mr. Cadwalder, who is a Civil War veteran and holds the distinction of being one of the oldest Masons in the country, having been a member of the order for 76 years. Music will be provided by the Lafayette chapter of the American Legion Auxiliary Glee Club under the direction of Mrs.,H. L. Schlademan.
Former Student Surveys Exchange Life In Sweden
By George W. Trefts
During parts of the last month, I have been on inspection tours to the near by towns with the junior and senior classes of the Technical University. I would like to write a few lines of my impressions of these tours and of Swedish Industry as I
saw it.
We first went by bus to the Scania-Vabis Company, makers of busses, tractors, and Diesel engines. Approximately 780 men are employed there. Two busses are produced every three days at a cost of fifteen thousand dollars per bus. Thefe was very much hand labor going into the bus. In Americp frames are stamped out. Here red hot frames were pounded into shape
' with sledge hammers. There was no overhead belt system that could have cut down the time and cost of production. Workers were sitting at milling machines and shapers with an open lunch next to them— stopping to eat a banana while they were supposed to be working. Their machines were modern and practically all American made. There were Gleason, Brown and Sharp, Allen-Bradley machines and others in this one factory. The busses are considered very good throughout Europe and last indefinitely without repair. They are well built but
some things are not quite practical. The seats are so narrow that when two men sit down the one nearest the aisle can sit on only part of his seat. Visit Ekilstuma Our next town was Eskilstpna where we first visited the BolinderMunktell company, makers of farm and sawmill machinery. Here in one
part of the factory, heat treating was going on—the same as we have at Purdue only on a larger scale. One of the fellows remarked about it and asked if I had ever seen anything like it before. It was his first opportunity to see heat treating although he had been doing practical work during the summer. The C. E. Johansson Company was next. It is makers of the most accurate measuring devices in the world. It is the same Johansson that Henry Ford has helped in America. Most of the plant was not open to us because of its secret processes, but what we saw was very interesting. A lecture was given to us on guages showing how the temperature of the hand on a guage would completely change the reading. Another guage was shown to us. It was a three legged guage that when set on a piece of 8x8 lumber would register the pressure one could apply to the wood with
Women Hear Talk On Wages And Hours Miss Mary Anderson, director of the Women’s Bureau of the United States Department of Labor, discussed various phases of the Wages and Hours Bill last night before approximately 100 women in the faculty lounge of the Union. After being introduced by Dean Dorotljy C. Stratton, Miss Anderson addressed a large group of faculty and townspeople.
Beginning as a shoe industry worker, Miss Anderson was elected the women’s representative in the National Boot and Shoe Workers Union. Several years later as an organizer for the Union she traveled throughout the United States. Since 1919 Miss Anderson has been director of the Women’s Bureau. By instituting the 44 hour week with a minimum salary of 25c per hour. Miss Anderson reported that better employers will no longer need to compete against cut rate indxistries. An industrial committee has been appointed to examine and report on violations of the Wages and Hour Bill. Employers who are found guilty of violation of the act will be liable to a $10,000 fine, the paypient of back wages, and imprisonment in some cases. _
Women Paid 25-50% Less
“Women as a group are being paid 25 to 60% less than men in the same industry; consequently, a fair labor standards act will leave less discrimination between the sexes,”
explained Miss Anderson.
Over 90% of the goods produced and manufactui’ed in the United
(Continued on page 8)
one hand. In this factory I counted machines from eight different American companies. I can say that more American machines were used in the factories I saw than machines from Sweden or any other country without exaggeration. The heavier machinery is made here or purchased from Germany, but the milling machines, planers, etc., are practically all from America.
Bicycle Riders
Since automobiles are so expensive to own here, factory workers ride bicycles to work. We were at two factories when the noon whistle blew. The workers streamed out, jumped on their bicycles, and peddled to a different part of the small town to eat lunch. It was a novel sight to me, because I had never seen anything like it before. After each day of inspection we were guests of a factory at the city (Continued on page 4)^dihfdaL
THE PDBDtIE EXPONENT
Soc/a/ Security Taxation..,
... of student employees who are working their way through colleges and universities will come up for discussion before House Ways and Means Committee in Washin^on today or tomorrow when that group begins to consider changes in the Social Security Act. These changes would blanket schools and colleges under the regular social security provisions, and would mean that upwards of 40% of all students would be affected.
Up till now there has been some doubt as to whether fraternities and other campus housing projects are required by law to pay the social security tax. Purdue fraternities have been paying them because it exempts them from another more expensive tax. Fraternities at other schools have also been paying them, but under protest. At the national Interfraternity Council meeting in New York this winter it was definitely stated by legal authorities that fraternities could not be required to pay the tax.
If the proposed changes are adopted by Congress, however, there will be no doubt. Fratemitieg, as well as student employees of the colleges and universities will come under the Act. Publicity sent to newspapers throughout the country regarding the proposed changes states: ‘Tt is the judgment of the Board (Social Security Board) that the changes here recommended represent practicable next steps in promoting the objectives of the present law—and liberalizing the benefits payable under it, by strengthening its protection and extending it to a much larger proportion of our people, and by greatly improving its administration.”
A movement has been started by the Amherst College student newspaper to have colleges all over the country register formal protest to the parts of the proposals which would affect students. Amherst, as well as several other universities which have taken up the fight, feels that students do not want to be included in the Social Security.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 2, 1917, authorised Janu* ary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durtng the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.80.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
.H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Xklitor .. —L. S. Hardin City Editor — _ ~ „ _ —D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager _ Circulation Manager n. . Sales Manager _ _ — _ , National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager —
Art Director
M. C. Reeves E. M. Ahtonini W. F. Berg V. Daugherty H. W. Nevin
. W. E. Smith D. J. Henninger
We wonder how long the Fraternity Presidents’ Council will retain its august president? Peter has it that Prexy DEAN dropped active membership in the SAE house when he was defeated for house president. Thus he is not only a non-fraternity man, but also an ex-president.
Editor „ _ Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICB 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 2792
ENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. Col/ege Publfshers Representative
A2.0 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y CHICACO BOITOH LO* ASetLIS - SAH FHAHCKCO
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opln-
ions in nnless otherwise accredited* are student « - Unl«
2UUO MU Mlif oaucvo Vl*aaica TVWA. ws-a. v ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the effielal w_.versity viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by
the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Massey Thursday, February 2, 1939
CO-ED STAFF „ _ _ . SaUy McKee _ Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF __ R. L. McDonald „ J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
Now I sit me down to sleep, I hope the lecture will be sweet. If he should quit before I wake. Be sure and give me a good hard shake.
Moving out of fraternities must he catching though. ROSS had no sooner moved out than his better half, BETTY KLINE, relieved the congestion in the Pi Phi residence by relocating at a new address. Perhaps her new roommates will call her on the phone, anyhow.
On One Phone: “Hello, hello, who is this?” Other End: “How the hell do I know, I can’t see you!”
“Today’s Groundhog Day, dear—can I go out tonight?”
She: “A woman’s mind is purer than a man’s.” He: “It ought to be; it changes oftener.”
The question is whether or not inclusion under the social security provisions represents an advantage or a disadvantage to the average working student. The Association of American Colleges last year recommended to the Social Security Board that they include colleges under the Act. When asked about this move the Association president admitted that he had not considered student employees and would not be in favor of including these persons. It is very probable that the legislators have not given the matter much thought either. ,
Other schools are sending protests to Washington. Purdue might easily do the same—^if the students really want to. It is more or less up to the Student Senate and the Interfraternity Council to decide the issue for the students they represent. Now is the time to act since the matter will be settled during the next few weeks.
We believe that most students would find social security payments a disadvantage while in school. Education is expensive, and those students who work generally need money more during their college years than in the years after the age of 65.
This matter is serious in that the adoption of the changes will cost fraternity houses, student restaurants, and all other groups who hire student workers. It will cost each student a small amount of his paycheck. In return for this expense the worker gets the standard benefits after-the age of 65. The question to be decided by the government concerns the present value of the expected benefits. The legislators should at least be informed of the facts in the case. If opinion at Purdue is against the proposed changes it is up tj^sus to tell the Congressmen about it.
Seems Triangle JIM HAMMER performed the unexpected last Monday night when he afiixed the “bejeweled doodad” on Pi Phi DOROTHY HARDIN. Funny part of it all IS that one of his roommates, who thought he had a sure thing, offered to buy the cigars if JIM ever put out his pin. Maybe that’s why it happened.
The “fly-by-night” Theta, RITTER, has another pin. This is the third in a year and a half, and it should constitute some kind of a record. Hurrah for the Phi Psi’s! They have the champion butterfly, BILL BAUGHMAN.
Night Owl: “Set the alarm for two, will you?” Roomie: “You and who else?”
Dr. f. B. Knight
She stood before the mirror, With her eyes closed very tight, And tried to see just how she looked When fast asleep at night.
Fair One: “Do you think you could learn to love me?” Junior: “I passed Calculus.”
... director of the division of education and applied psychology of Purdue University, and George H. Bush custodian counselor, will be among the featured speakers at Saturday morning’s session of the meeting of the Indiana City and Town Superintendents’ Association in Indianapolis.
Women students who are interested in taking summer camp positions are asked to notify Miss Ruth Houghton of the Placement Service for Women as soon as possible. Several requests for such jobs have already been received by Miss Houghton. Candidates for these positions should be able to offer previous counselling and camping experience or training in sports and recreational leadership.
and ^Jde
By Georgann Schilling
Bright shining faces, cheery little smiles, everyone up in his work— yes, it’s the dawn of a new semester one in which things are going to be different. We feel happy about the whole thing; yet somewhere on this bright horizon there appears a dark blur, and we recognize ourself on deck to spoil the scene. Hear the echoes “This is on the ball semester. Things are going to be different this time.” How familiar it all sounds! —H-H— Scoop! Jimmie Lunceford is comin to the campus on the night of February 18 for a Mixer! Jimmie is a colored swingaroo who rates right up there in dance band circles. His band was chosen first in the recent voting for a Prom band on the campus at Northwestern. This sounds very promising. —H-H— TO A TYPICAL ED: I think that I shall never see A girl that really interests me. For I’m a bachelor wise, confirmed, Who will not get his fingers burned. Have your hand-made painted misses. Smother them with love and kisses; I’ll take movies, joys discreet— Wow! What’s that across the street. —H-H—
And did the Purdue Mddies take over the Boardwalk at the Edgewater Beach in Chicago last Friday night! College Night is observed every Friday featuring reduced admissions for students. A party of 10 from the Pi Kappa Phi house included such roving playboys as Harry Nevin, Bob Peterson, George Hussly, A1 Hoppe, Chuck Hoffman, Jack Brown, Roger Anderson, Fred Winter, Jack Jones, and Clayton Newhagen. From other points about the campus came Tom Petty, Art Edwards, Les Kase, Ed Englehardt, Don Terrio, Chuck Siler, Bill Owens, Bill Siljander, and Ted Blaksley. The boys seemed to like the college talent floor show and the playing of “Hail Purdue.”
soil survey work in this state for the United States Department of Agricultm’e and the University experiment station some time ago outlined the plans for the field study of soils and assisted Paul Moore of the farm department staff in carrying them out.
These tests will determine soil acidity, fertility, texture, and make suggestions as to the amount of lime, fertilizer, and the crop rotation to be used.
'39 Ag Conference Sets New Record
Setting a new record, the final compilation of attendance at the just closed Agriculture Conference, showed a total of 8,768 persons, or 1,083 more than last year’s record.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis
J. SPERB
822 Main
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT. HIT SONGS OF THE WEST
■ and —
Every county in the state was rep1 esented by farmers and their families at the week-long conference, stated W. F. Graham, superintendent in charge of the farm and home week activities.
The attendance figure does not represent University faculty members, students, or Lafayette and West Lafayette residents, but does include 98 persons from out of state who registered.
Jean Halmond, brunette sophomore, will be listed among the missing this semester, for she is not Coming^ back to school. And Harry Krause, former varsity football and baseball man, is giving up his graduate work temporarily in favor of another season as a member of the New York Giants’ baseball team. Among the lost sheep returning to the fold after missing a semester are Bob McCaffery, Joan Lafferty, and Cecil Isbell, Purdue’s torchcarrier as far as regal athletes are concerned.
Agronomists To Test State Institutions'Soil
For the first time in the history of the state the various penal and benevolent institutions of Indiana are going to be managed on a scientific basis. Samples of soil from the 15,000 acres of land have been taken and will be tested and analyzed by the agronomy department. T. M. Bushnell, in charge of the
The Favorite Comic Strip of Millions Comes to Laugh-Loaded Life on the Screen! ....
Based on CHIC YOUNG’S Coimic Strip
TODAY - FRI. - SAT,
LU^
TODAY-FRIDAY and SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Plus 2nd Feature He’s a Daredevil of the Desert!
— with — PAUL KELLY C. HENRY GORDON
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
^^The sweetest girls
Iris X
that ever lived bring J back the heart throbs ^ that will never die!
— PLUS — Double Murder in Manhattan's Gayest Night Club! CHARLIE CHAN ON BROADWAY with WARNER OLAND
'I
- ...Thursday. February 2, l£i39
THE PURDUE
Spo^dA.
EXPONENT
'"f/s
Hardwood Drills Reveal Improved Offensive Power Of Boilermakers
By Joe Dolan
Piggy Lambert sent his charges through their first strenuous drill yesterday since the closing of finals last Saturday, a drill stressing maneuverability and deceptive passing. From indications shown during the drill, the Boilermakers have completely recovered from injuries and those handicaps that tend to stem offensive tactics. '
Gratifying indeed is Gene Anderson’s return to his pre-holiday form, and during yesterday’s drill, the Boilermaker captain was putting the ball through some clever leather gymnastics. Between Dickinson’s speed and passing and Anderson’s maneuvering, a Gold and Black second team was running around in
circles.
Beretta Better Fred Beretta, one of the steadist guards to perform for Purdue in a decade, chimed in the practice with a few nice under-the-hoop plays. Beretta, never much of an offensive threat, has been improving steadily as the season has progressed, and yesterday’s showing of the Bedford lad contributed a potential addition to the Purdue offense as the Purduvians head into the home stretch of the conference race. Bob Igney was absent from the drill, but big Dan Fisher was having a tip-in contest by himself, and now and then with Anderson. With Anderson and Fisher playing together, Lambert has a fair height advantage for backboard play, an advantage almost a stranger to Purdue
fives.
^juJdahit.
Dr. Parfitt To Speak Today At Women's Club Meeting Dr. E. H. Parfitt will speak on “New Dairy Foods,” at a meeting of the Foods and Nutrition group of the Purdue Women’s Club at 2:15 p. m. today in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union.
Are You Suited?
C
Until you’ve chosen a new suit you’ll never feel that Spring has really arrived, no matter what the calendar or the weather man may say. So why not choose your suit now, while selections are most complete. We present smartest two and three-pieqe versions of the new mode — exquisitely tailored, and so reasonably priced.
Phone 5900
415 Main Street
QhDksL
Thinlies To Leave For Millrose Games
Two Girls Receive
High Scout Awards Two West Lafayette girls, Marjorie Ward, University freshman, and Barbara Ford, high school senior, received topmost Girl Scout awards at a court of honor held in Morton school auditorium last Tuesday evening. Presentation of this golden eaglet award,^made in recognition of five years of superior work was under the auspices of the West
Lafayette Scouts council.
Ruth Bryant, HE ’41, and Janette Morris, Sci. ’40, only other local holders of the golden eaglet award, assisted in presenting and honoring
the candidates.
Women Hear Talk--
(Continued from page 1)
States Remains to be consumed in this country. By providing higher incomes and thus a greater purchasing "power, conditions within the home industries will be im-
proved.
Miss Anderson, who is on her way to Indianapolis, was brought to the campus by the Purdue Women’s Club, the Altrusa Club, the American Association of University Women, the Business and Professional Women’s Club, and the League of Women Voters.
“And so the tentacles of the infamous octupus of finals clutched the struggling athletes and whirled them into the dank and gloomy lair of ineligibility” . . . excerpt from “Commentaries On a College Education” by D. D. Plunk ... if you see any newly bald headed men out walking around the campus these days, think nothing of it . . . it’s just some coach who has tom out his hair after looking over the various grades of his beloved proteges. —^fc— As is usual at this time of year, wails are filling the air as ineligible athletes cry on the shoulders of sympathetic coaches .. Track Coach Phillips has his share of woe as eight of the boys turned up with the news that they will not carry the old Gold and Black colors on the cinder oval this semester. —^fc— Fencing reaped its harvest as two of the foilsmen handed in C’s although they will probably be removed in the very near future . . . then too, swimming has its grief, in fact we could probably go on for hours with the sad dirge but what’s the use. —fc— One bright star on the athletic horizon, especially in the track field, is Holderman’s becoming eligible after having missed the cross country season ... he is by far the most promising up and coming sopho-, more for years . . . the Millrose Games at New York this Saturday will see him in his first competition for Purdue.
WAA News
Varsity basketball coaches and their teams will hold the floor at an open meeting of the Women’s Athletic Association on February 9, at 4 p. m. With the coaches to explain and the teams to demonstrate the finer points of basketball, WAA members will be more able to understand the underlying principles of basketball as they see it played in the Pieldhouse. —-WAA— Not satisfied with the possibilities of Lafayette as a winter playground, a group of students are planning a skiing and toboganning trip to Palos Hills on Sunday. The winter sports enthusisasts who will leave between 7 and 7:30 a. m. expect to make a day of it. Girls who wish to go should get in touch with Virginia Blank. —WAA— With the start of the new semester, many new tournaments in the WAA activities are starting in the Women’s Gym. The contests of all individual sports will be held at 4 p. m. on Friday. Monday and Friday afternoon will be devoted to indoor archery under the leadership of Mona Balcom. Also on Friday will be the try-outs for girls wishing to play volleyball. —WAA— The Memorial Gymnasium will be open for inspection on Friday night February 17, for faculty, and men and women students. The remodeling of the gym which took place last Summer is completed and the new improvements will be on display. Demonstrations of fencing, badminton, swimming and dancing for those who attend will be put on by members of the WAA and PEW activities and classes.
S. Gutting.
. . . Boilermaker speed merchant, will represent Purdue in the low hurdles at the Millrose R. C. track meet, February 4. K. Woods Appointed To University Staff Kenneth B. Woods, 1932 graduate of Ohio State University, has been named assistant director of the joint highway research project and assistant professor of highway research in the school of civil engineering at Purdue. The joint highway research project is being conducted by the University and the Indiana Stat4 Highway Department. Professor Wiley, head of the civil school, will be responsible for administration of the highway project with Woods in direct charge of the tests. Intramural Today Court 1—M Aronson. 7:00—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Tau 7 tie—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Chi. 8:2B—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8.40— Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 2—^F. A. Smithson. 7.00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7 tie—Theta Xi vs. Triangle 8t2B—-Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8.40— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 3—L K. Swing 7 00—Sigma Pi vs Delta Chi. 7 tie—^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Court 4—P. G Witsman. 7 tOO—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Nu.
Headed By Capt Bodeau, Knapp, Gaulke Holderman, Gutting Launch '39 Schedule Headed by Capt. Art. Bodeau, who will compete in a special half-mile race as well as running as a member of the Boilermaker two-mile relay eombination, five members of Purdue’s indoor track squad will leave here today for New York City where Coach Hermon Phillips’ speedsters will launch their 1939
schedule in the Millrose games. BodcaU, Who WUS rUnnCr-Up for two-mile honors in both the Big Ten indoor and outdoor championships last season, was invited to compete in the half-mile special that will provide one of the features of the games. The field will include such men as Woodruff, Pittsburgh’s national and Olympic
champion.
Sophomore To Run In addition to Bodeau, the other three members of the two-mile relay i combination aie Alden Knapp and Allen Gaulke, veterans, and Ed Holdeiman, sophomore, who has been showing to advantage. The Riveters’ entries in the Millrose games will be completed by Steve Gutting, rapidly improving high hurdler, who won the state championship last season and will make a bid in the 70-yard field in the New York classic.
Rising To Show Golf Pictures February 8 With Prof. Judd Rising in charge, a three-reel film, “Golfing With the Masters,” will be shown in the Michael . Golden Shops lecture room on the evening of February 8. The pictures, sponsored by the Purdue athletic department, is a part of the recreation education program being fostered by the div-
ision of physical education.
“Golfing With the Masters,” not only pictures the arts and technique of present day golf artists, but is descriptive and instructive as
well, according to Rising. Short Course Net Standings
Jan. 31 Gaines in Fieldhouse Gymnasium
American League
A. H. Div. A-l, 24; G. A. Div. A-1, 18. Dairy Production 1, 13 ; G. A. Div. B-1, 8. A. H. Div. B-1, 16: Dairy Mfg. 1, 22.
National League
A. H. Div. A-2, 18; A. H. Div. B-2, 6. Dairy Prod. 2, 57 ; Dairy Mfg. 2, 6. Gen. Ag. Div. 2, 13; Gen. Ag. Div. B-2, 6.
Purdue League
A. H. Div. A, 27; Specials, 14.
Dairy Prod. 3, 30; A. H. Div.
B-3,
11.
' STANDINGS American Leagrue
Team
W
L Pet.
Animal Husbandry Div A-l
2
0 1 000
Dairy Manufacturing 1
2
0 1000
Dairy Production 1
1
1 .600
General Agriculture Div. A-l
1
1 .600
Animal Husbandry Div. B-1
0
2 .000
General Agncultuie Div. B-1
0
2 .000
National League
Team
W
L Pet.
Animal Husbandry Div. A-2
2
0 1 000
General Agriculture Div. A-2
2
0 1.000
General Agriculture Div. B-2
1
1 .500
Dairy Production 2
1
1 500
Animal Husbandry Div. B-2
0
2 000
Dairy Manufacturing 2
0
2 .000
Purdue League
Team
W
L Pet.
Dairy Production 3
2
0 1 000
Purdue Specials
1
1 500
Animal Husbandry Div. A-3
1
1 .600
Animal Husbandry Div. B-3
0
2 .000
AWWA Appoints R. Wiley To Prize Committee Post Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, has been appointed for a three year term as a member of the John M. Goodell Prize Committee of the American Water Works Association. The committee makes the annual award of the Goodell Prize which was established in 1931 to recognize the members of the association who have made the most notable contribution to the science of practice of water works development. Professor Wiley has also been honored by his appointment as the chairman of the committee on Student Chapters of the American Society of Civil Eenginers, a position that has normally been rotated among committee members.
California Scribes Praise Isbell^ Drake
By Robert J. Deckard Excerpts from California newspaper sport pages were received recently in the Purdue Alumni office depicting the play of two ex-Boilermaker backfield greats, Cecil Isbell and John Drake, who have just completed a successful season of competition in professional gridiron leagues. Under a huge 15 by 8 inch pic-
ture across the top of the sports page of the Los Angeles Times, January 16, appeared the following: “Cecil Isbell, former star halfback at Purdue, is seen here manufacturing the longest run from scrimmage during yesterday’s pro bowl game at Wrigley Field. Tearing through the Giants’ line at top speed, Isbell traveled 36 yards before being brought down from behind by Chief Johnson.” Drake Stars The article following, labeled “Giants Bag Victory in Pro Grid Battle,” by Braven Dyer, started out by saying: “Cashing in on the breaks with alertness of true champions, the New York Giants came from behind to defeat the All-American Stars, 13 to 14, in yesterday’s first annual Times sponsored ‘pro bowl’ football at Wrigley Field ...” “First a tie seemingly inevitable and time fast fading, the ‘All-Amer-icans’ suffered the third of three tdugh breaks and this paved the way
for the winning marker. “ . . . That’s the way it went all day for the All-Americans, who packed a tremendous punch with John Drake in the backfield and had the Giants on pins and needles whenever Sammy Baugh was on the mound. “Drake was terrific. Given strong support which he lacked while playing for the Cleveland Rams last fall, the former Purdue ace tore through the right side of the field and drew a tremendous ovation when he finally left the game for the last time.” In Bill Henry’s column (same paper) appeared the following: Purdue Praised “ . . . Everybody thinks 'Purdue must turn out some pretty fair football teams after seeing two exBoilermakers, John Drake and Cecil
Isbell, steal the show as running backs . . . Drake’s power was unbelievable.” H. H. Swisher, Purdue ’08, Los Angeles, Cal., sent the following clippings stating; “Out of some 50 players on both teams only three were from the Big Ten: Minnesota 1, Widseth; Purdue 2, Drake and Isbell.” Brundage Talks At Symposium Today R. C.^rundage, of the University forestry department, will be one of' the principal speakers at a symposium on white ash which will be held this afternoon at the 35th annual meeting of the Ohio Forestry Association in Columbus, O. The meeting is being held in connection with the annual Farmers’ Week at Ohio State University. Brundage will discuss “Marketing White Ash for Handle Stock.”
SOUTHWORTH'S
A S|:aple Product
We have the most healthful and pleasant tasting bread for the best money. Many people have bought our bread for years and still proclaim it to be the best. Graves quauty Bakery 124 Stale. W. L Phone 3852i
MH
sf?f
:7?4i ^iff^%;^#f?->'
^[ocaL dddu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nfiroA
Thursday, February 2.1939
Dr. Petrine Speaks- Former Student—
(Continued from page 1)
(Continued from page 1)
one of which terminated with a Mr. Coffin in New York City—in sight of the Wool worth Building—and a Mr. Pai’adise in Boston. The circuit to New York was of the type used to cai'ry radio programs to network stations, while the line to Boston was of the ordinary long distance telephone variety. Mr. Coffin seemed in the Gym itself, as the hook-up to his station was able to take care of a range of frequencies from 75-5000. The longer, and not so high-fidelity system to Boston carried frequencies from 250-2800, while a low roar of noise in the background gave the audience an impression of “thunder over Mr. Paradise.” Vowels and Consonants Dr. Perrine, by cutting out the diflFerent parts of the multiple speaker, illustrated how the different vowels and consonants would sound over equipment made to handle different ranges of frequencies. Separate tone beats of 60, 1,000, and 4,000 cycles (reference frequencies) were sent to the convo listeners from the New York station. Mr. Coffin cited that the 60 cycle tone was used in the syncronization of alternating current generators in order to insure the steady operation of electric clocks; that the 1,000 cycles was used by the Atlantic transmission companies; and that the 4,000 was used to calibrate the oscillators of the National Broadcasting Company. Dr. Perrine brought to li^ht the fact that the top threshold of hearing was over 1,000,000,000,000 times the volume of the lower threshold. But with all his knowledge of electiicity, the doctor had no control over the lights in the gymnasium. No matter how he joked about them, they stubbornly came on and went off at least'a full minute after he gave the signal. One of the most interesting parts of the experiment was the looping back of the circuits. By this means, the snapping of his fingers was carried to New York and back again to the listeners. The actual sound heard lacked the movement by a fraction of a second and by feeding part (if the energy back into the circuit Dr. Perrine pioduced 12 successive snapping sounds by one snap of his fingers. In signing off. Dr. Perrine thanked each of the distant opeiators and leceived the astounding leply from Mr. Buffington, “Thank you. I am glad to have precipitated.”
NEW SPRING DRESS FABRICS
New (dress goo(ds are beginning to come in. You'll admire the smart new patterns and colors.
"RUFF-E-NUFF" "Ruff-e-Nutf" and nub cloths — Crown tested spun rayon printed fabrics that are washable. 39 inch.
59c Yd.
RUSTIC PRINTS Another Crown tested fabric of fine construction, correct weight and good shrinkage. Printed sport patterns on natural grounds. 39 inch.
39c to 48c Yd.
RAYON WASHABLE CREPES Shown in floral patterns, stripes and paisleys in light or dark colors. 39 inch.
59t lo 69t Yd.
THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
hotel where they treated us to a real Swedish dinner. After the dinner we listened to short speeches and sang songs. One evening we were told that a man was going to give an illustrated lecture on industry. I was ready to get more right hand information on Sweden when the man began speaking on a big automobile fi’ame company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He had been there fifteen years before and now thought he would show the students a few views of mass production. It was all very interesting and a surprise to me as I was out to see Swedish Industry. Milk Cans And Torpedoes We visited a steel company in Eskilstuna in which there was a sight I’ll not forget. The factory was making two types of products: dairy equipment such as cream separators and milk cans—and torpedo casings. What a contrast! Here cream separators and milk cans were made—^why ?—to make the land a better place in which to live, to make the children healthy and enjoy life as it should be lived. BUT here, too, torpedoes, helmets, and mines were made, under the same roof with the saviors of civilization. With no reflection upon Sweden I mention this, for she has not participated in a war for over one hundred years. At present Sweden must only keep up with the world’s pieparedness program. If only men’s thoughts were turned more towards the manufacture of dairy equipment, in this case, what a better world this would be! And how can this be done?—by quoting Dr. H. G. Leach, President of the Amer-ican-Scandinavian Foundation and Editor of Forum Magazine, who was here at a banquet given by the Swedish-American Foundation, “It is only through more personal contacts among the people of various countries that we will be able to further world peace and guarantee it in the future .... what better way could this be done than by offering more fellowships and exchanges to the rising generation?” In the next few paragraphs I hope to bring this out by personal expei’iences already received in this country. Can Sweden Stay Neutral? I attend a separate school in Stockholm for the Swedish language. There people fiom all parts of the woild, who now live in Stockholm, assemble to learn Swedish. In one class I attend, there are twelve different nations represented —^Persia, Greece, Netherlands, Poland, Russia, and others. Stockholm is a veiy cosmopolitan town. In these unsettled times many refugees come to neutral Sweden, “the new melting pot,” to live and start life anew. There are Geimans, Jews, and Russians who can never return to their homes. Why can’t they go back ? Simply because their nations, besides not being able to understand other nations, cannot understand themselves. If the men in power could have been educated to understand the people and the construction of other nations by living in these nations, their own countries today could be based on the good points of the studied nations, the points or principles being applied to give the nation the most advantages. Instead friction is created because governments cannot
see each other’s demands from every point of view. Arm-In-Arm One evening after class the Russian, a German, and I walked out of the classroom with our arms around each other, talking in a language that was native to none of us. We couldn’t understand one another’s native language. There we were laughing and joking, all united by a chain of unrelated incidents, as we left school that evening. There was nothing strange about it. We were all the same—^with the same desires to succeed in life. We were united by the bond of a common language. And why wei-e we so happy? Because we had met and had been able to talk with one an*other, which leads to the point I’m trying to bring out. Whether we have world peace in the future depends largely upon the number of personal contacts that can be made between the countries of the world. It is only by living with the people that one gets to know and understand them. Gay Russian Music Last week the first tei’m of Swedish ended for me in the school that I attend. In order to celebrate, the class and teacher decided to go to a cafe for a bite to eat and drink. The class consisted of two Finnish girls, a Bulgarian, a Russian, a Pole, a Geiman Jew, and a Persian. The otheis were not able to come. We found a thoioughly Russian Cafe. The orchestra was made up of Russians who played Russian Guitars. The walls and window drapes were black. On the walls were Russian paintings, each depicting a Russian folk stoiy. By coincidence, the Russian who had done these paintings was the brother of the boy in my Swedish class. He had been here seven years before to decorate the interior of this cafe. We had a fine time while we ate and drank and exchanged addresses but it got late and we were all tired so the conversation lagged a bit. We requested a few numbers such as “The Volga Boat Song.” The orchestra presented them quite well in a very typical Russian style ■— very melancholy. We were all just listening not saying a word and as I glanced up I could see this Russian boy looking up—thiough the black ceiling—out ovei the waters of the Baltic to his home in Russia. I had asked him befoie if he were going to return and he answered, “Why ? There is nothing theie for me. Why should I go back ?” I asked if he were going to live heie and he answeied, “I don’t know.” Theie he was sitting with his eyes just a bit moist, his head lesting against the wall, as he thought of his folks whom he, most likely, could never see again. At the othei end of the table sat the eighteen year old German-Jewish boy. He had been here five months —alone. He had not seen his parents for one year. They had sought 1 efuge in Italy before the last crisis. He was here absolutely alone with no legal permission to hold a job as yet. He was a sad sight. He told me it would be at least two more years before he would see his family again. Boys Sent Away One reads in the newspaper today, “One hundred Jewish children sent to England,” but one cannot imagine what that means until one has seen with his own eyes such a heartbreaking sight. Boys just beginning life broken away from all of their original family life. How are they expected to grow up with a normal peace-loving outlook on life ?—especially towards the people against whom they were once em-
bittered. It is only by developing more exchanges now that one country will really get to know others by actual contact with their peoples. Dr. Leach 'was once a fellowship student in Sweden. Now as Editoi/ of Forum Magazine and president of American-Scandinavian Foundation of New York, he is doing everything in his power to increase the amount of exchanges and fellowships with Sweden. Dr. Edstrom, president of Sweden’s largest electric company, ASEA, was a fellowship student to America. Now, as president of the Swedish-American Foundation, after having received two honorary doctor’s degrees from two American universities, his company donates thousands of dollars each year for fellowships to Swedish graduate students to study in America. The same is being done in America by American companies. Meets Pearl Buck With such people taking actions to further fellowships, I think the Universities of America should further exchange opportunities to their undergraTluate students in order to bring about a better understanding among the nations of the world, for it is only by personal contact that one nation can get to know apd understand problems of its neighbors. Not only the nations as a whole benefit. Personal gains are many. The acquaintances I have made in these four months will mean as much to me in the future as any previous connections. I attended the Nobel Prize Presentations and later met Pearl Buck at a banquet given in her honor. I met the President of General Motors in Sweden and through him may spend a few extra months here next summer. Every Exchange student will get the same advantages and it is because of these I have mentioned that I think it is the greatest thing at present for students, their futures and the futures of their countries.
After 10 years of study by its chemists, there will be published soon at Brown University, a threevolume atlas of the speech peculiarities of New Englanders.
ClBSsihed Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machinee as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028
I WANTED—Girl who can shag or knows rudiments Gene Weissman 201 Russell. Phone 7724 evenings
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—One double room with single beds for men students. Also, one half of double room to share with student. 403 Maple. Phone 76062.
FOR RENT—One double room, automatic water heater. 464 Maple St., W. L Phone 4988.
FOR RENT—1 single room with double bed. Quiet, comfortable. Phone 55034.
ROOMS for men Twin beds. Close to campus 149 Littleton. Phone 76264.
FOR RENT—One-half double room with separate study. Automatic heat and soft water shower. 134 Andrew Place.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Foth Derby F :3.6 lens ; lens cap; sun-shade; case. All for $15 cash. Equipment in good condition. Call Nutkowitz, 7724, or write Box 406.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Black and silver Sheaffer pen. Reward. Call 3455
Everybody admires clean^ well-pressed clothes!
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
Crown Laundry
FINE C L E A'N ER5 OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOT OF THE HILL
WBAA
On The Air—
WSGA Executive Committee: Meeting in WSGA office Thursday, February 2, at 7:15 p. m. —COOLEY.
Bowling: Thursday and Friday bowling classes will meet this week at the regular hour in the women’s gymnasium. —KNIQHT.
11:00-
11-.so-il 1:161:30-
"The Voice of Purdue" —Today— -PTA Program—Dr. George Davis. -Morning Melodies. -County Federation of Clubs. -Purdue News Flashes. -Russ Mock, pianist. -Noon Melodies. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Arsene Summers, contralto. -I Want a Job. -Pat Wolcott. -Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. -Market Reports. -The Apothecary. -State Safety. -You and Your Child. -Treasure Chest. -Quips and Queries.
Modern Dance Group: Important rehearsal Thursday, February 2, in woman’s gym at 7 p. m. Everybody must be present. —SICKMAN.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, February 2, at 7:30 p. m. All students are welcome. —BURBRINK.
WAA Class Volleyball: Call out Friday, February 8, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. All intramural participants are eligible. This is a compulsory meeting for all interested. —McKEE.
Camera Club: The final entry date for prints in the traveling exhibit is February 16. Prints must be into the Union office by that date. Members having lockers in the darkroom please empty them as soon as possible. The darkdoom is closed indefinitely because of construction work on the Union. —HEDDEN.
Purdue Pistol Team: All members of the Purdue pistol team report at the Armory at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 2. —HOLMES.
Exponent Staff: Meeting of all editorial men who desire to work on the staff this semester in the tower room of the Union at 7:30 Thursday night, February 2. —HARDIN.
Notices
Zouaves: Those who have not yet obtained their keys please call at 219 Waldron before Friday, February 3. —ECHTERLING.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves on Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —HURST.
Scabbard and Blade: Important igeeting for all members in loom E of the,^nlon Thursday, February 2, at 7 :30 p. m. Dance and complimentary tickets will be discussed. —ZIMMER.
Student Senate: Senators please report to Sully Mason or myself, for duty on Book Exchange in the Union Ballroom at 10 a. m. Come in whenever you have some spare time. (2-6) —ELLIOTT.
Purdue Plying Club: Meeting Thursday, February 2, in room F of the Union. A mountain of unfinished business must be cleaned up. Prizes for the fall air meet will be piesented to the winners. —CHEVEDDEN.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7i80 p.m. Thursday, February 2, in room C of the Union Building. —HALL.
CAA: All CAA pilots and alternates meet in room 108 of the ME Building Friday, February 3, at 7 a m. —WOOD.
Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-6) —HADBEN.
DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
• Professional
'X" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST \]9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
r^RlNTING ■jl^w Office Stalloncry . o Q 1 <X(cddlns InvIUlIoni PHONE ■ 2628 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY