ii
- V
I* '“f ^ i
m
bottleneck Reviews Campus Traditions; Discusses Dorm Life
Cofiffioft Ticket On Sale To In Cashier's Office
Established 1889
Daily Since l9Cl6
Volume 53/ No. 128
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 26,
^oeds Nominate Officers
AWS Picks Van Gorkom,
in son
IN>llr Byrum, Dombey
, Gjaiididates for AWS officers for next year were approved by* the AWS executive board -last i^fht. The elections will be'held on Wednesday, Mar. 11, from $ a. m. until 5:30 p. m. in tine hail of the Union. The nominees are: presi-
Long Will Play At Sophomore Dance Friday
YWCA Names McCrary, Peterson, Evans, Hague
At Convo
Johnny Long arid his orchesli’a, who will play for the annual Sophomore Cotillion toinon'ow night in both ballrooms of the Union from' 8:30 to 12:30, will feature the .songs
dent, Florence Cl'oll and Jane of Helen Young and baritone Bob VanGorkom; secretary, Nelda Houston. Tickets for the dance may Byrtim gpd Doris Dombey; treas- still be obtained fi om the cashier’.s liver, lluth Holden arid Jean Thomp- oflice in the E.xec'ptive Building or
Candidates for the positions of cabinet officers in YWCA will be introduced to members at a mass meeting this after^ noon at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office in the Union. For the office of president, the candidates are Caroline McCraJ’y and Vivian Peterson; for sec-
retary Betty Evans and Gindy Science in the goveinment deHaguc. Chan Ball is the only mem- partment, will speak on “The
As the fourth in the Student War Council’s present series of defense convocations, Prof. J. W. Robinson will .speak tomorrow afternoon at 4 in Fowler Hall. Robinson, who is Professor of Political
Board Selects Burnham As Head Football Coach Both To Start On New Jobs Next Monday
son; junior representative, Emily tilriyd and Lois Veit; anil sophoIrioVe I’eprcsentative, Julia" Jones and Mary Lou Sternberg. All Cueds Vote . Every coed in the University has the ;privilege of voting, announced Aj^es McCulloch, president. However passports must be shown before voting. The new officers will be in charge of the AWS program for next year which will include freshman counseling, the vocational guidance conference, marital lectures, the anrittaj Gold Diggers Ball and other special projects. Some of theni wjll attend the national AWS convention at Ohio State, University in Columbus, Ohio, during April.
from ariy member of .Skull and Crescent, .shonsors of the dance. Hou.ston, who at one time ran his father’s printing shop in Greenfield, Blass., made his break into the musical world wheno'a record he had made, and sent to a friend in New York got into the hands of a music publisher. The publisher
Mi^i^ration In New &^nsis Radio Class Opens This Evening
Registration for the fii'st class to train radio technicians will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The class is open to all persons living within this community. It is to be offered at the l/nivcrsity under the authorisation of the United States office of education. Other classes offered liy the University will include engineering chemistry, engineering drawing, engineering mathematics a n d Icchnical report writing. Registration for these classes will be held at. the same time. Radio Training Class The class in radio training will meet three nights a week for two 16-wcek periods, coveriiig mathematics, direct and alternating current theory and circuits, vacuum tubes, wire telephony and audio, electro-magnetic transmission, radio coniinunication, radio transmitters and receivers, frequency modulation and transmission lines. The radio technicians course will qualify the persons completing it to take advanced training immediately upon entering the armed services or for civilian duties at detection and Communications. The course in technical report writihg will run for 12 weeks and it is primarily for persons vvho will have to write or interpret engineering reports. It includes a study of engineering statistics and of engiricci’ing report forms.
her up for the office of treasurer. Elections March 11 The elections will be held March 11. Petitions for the posil.ioiis of cabinet officers can be obtained and filled out in the YWCA office iii tlfe Union any aftei'nooii before then. To be eligible for the candidacy, the member must have worked on the cabinet for at least a year and have a sufficiently high scholastic standing.'}, Mrs. Mildred Pitch of the history, economies and government department will give a talk on “Sidelights in the Pacific” after the business meeting.
Movie Shorts
Bill of Rights in Time of War.” Robin.son iiKstruct.s many government classes, and is particularly qualilied to speak on Constitutional law. He graduated from Stanford University with a degree in government, and continued toward a doctor’s degree at that institution. Besides liis doctor’s degree at Stanford, Robinson took a special study on Constitutional ^ \
law at Harvard. Bill Of Rights
Robinson’s talk will cover aspects of current intere.st with regard to the Bill of Rights. Though the Bill of Rights is one of the most sacred liarts of our Constitution, it pre(Continued on page 4)
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor
“I am delighted to have the opportunity to serve my Alma Mater in this new capacity. Purdue has grown to be a part of my life, and I hope that I may be able to justify the confidence that
has been placed in me.
“Red Mackey”
Continue Today An Ediiorial: In Music Hall Congratulations
“Screen Reviews,” the regular Congratulations are in order today not only for Red Mackey Thursday afternoon series of mo- and Elmer Burnham but for the Board of Trustees of the
Guy “Red” Mackey was selected to take over the destiny of Purdue athletics as the new athletic director yesterday afternoon at a special meeting of the Board of Trustees. At the same time the Board announced that Ellmer Burnham would become the head football coach. Both Mackey and Burnham will take over the new posts Monday, March 1. Mackey has bee^ a member of the Purdue coaching staff for 13 years, serving in the capacity of assistant football coach and later holding at the same time the position of administrative assistant to the athletic director. Burnham has been at the University since 1935 in the position of head freshman football coach. Familiar With Job The new athletic director has been integrated with athletics at Purdue as they have developed throughout the years, and is very familiar with the details and re-
“1 feel deeply honored to be entrusted with the football caching responsibilities. Purdne has a long time tradition for fighting football teams. In order to nphold that tradition I know that it will require the fullest cooperation of players, students, and all other fans of Purdue football. Knowing Purdue spirit an: I do I sincerely hope that we; able to accomplish our objfietiTe, " “Elmer Bqrhham”
Bob Houston
Bridge Tournameni Will Start March 7
soiit for hiiii and he wa.s signed to fill in the vacant male vocalist spot ill Long’s organization. Since that time lie has been singing ballads with the band. Long’s otlier singer, Helen Young, came to the hand three years ago when the maestro heard her voice on II recorded radio program wliile lilaying at Virginia Beaeli. On his next tri)) to Boston, Long looked up the blonde songstress and immediately signed a contract with lier. She sings most ol' tlie novelty .‘■ong,s for the band Imt iiceasionaljy turns to ballads, t'uinc.s From Ghicago Long’s hand, which is on a nationwide tour, conies to the caiiipius from a week’s engagement at the Cliicago Tiieatrc in Chicago. Previons to this be played at Hie Chase Hotel, St. Louis; Copley Plaza Hotel, Boston, and at tlic Rosehuul Ballroom, New York, and they stretched a three weeks engagement at the Hotel New Yin ker into a record-breaking five-month stand. Tile lianil features 13 imisieiaiis, eight of wlioni were membei's of the band when it was organized in l!)3r at Duke University. Coed lioui'S for the night have been set at one o’clock and iiassports will lie rcijuired at tlic door foi- admission.
vie short presentations, will continue the showing of its second semester series this afternoon from 3 until 6 in the Music Hall. ^ The following short .subjects will be included in today’s program: “Haiti, Land of Dark Mystery,” a traveltalk, at 3, 4:06 and 5:12; “Fire Chief,” a Disney cartoon, at 3:10, 4:16 and 5:22; “Information Please No. 1,” u screen version of the radio program of the same name with John Gunther as guest performer, at 3:17, 4:23 and 5:29; “Popular Science No. 3” at 3:27, 4:33 and 5:39; “Johnnie Messner and his Orchestra” at 3:37, 4;'l3 and 5:t0; “Newsof the Day” at 3:48 and 4:54; and "Whispers,” from the Passing Parade series, at 3:56 and 5:02. Passiiorts are absolulely necessary and tlio workers at the door will admit no one without this means of identification.
University who selected an athletic director and a football coach who have the respect and cooperation of the teams and the whoie-hearted support of the student body. Mackey has been part of the coaching staff here for thirteen Years. Under Mai Elward he served as assistant football coach and as executive assistant to the athletic director. He is a man who knows well the complexities of the athletic situation here. Burnham has served on the staff as freshman coach for seven years and prior to that time coached South Bend Central High School. He knows the men who will be the football team next fall and iippreeiates their potentialities. This action of the Board of Trustees will meet with widcspj'i'ad aeelaiin and approval of the student body and may
Red Mackey and Elmer Burnham, newly appointed athletic director and head football coach, respectively, will be interviewed oyer Chicago station WGN tonight at 6:15. Bob Elson, wellknown sports commentator,, will have both men as guests on his popular program.
Activity Grpuf} To Hold Frosh Callout Today
Activities Bureau, all-campus service organization will hold a
sponsibilitics of the new position. As a player and later as a coach,
he has gained wide acquaintance opportunity for freshmen to become over the country, arid will step into acquainted "with campus activitiea
freshmen callout this afternoon at 4:15 in its office in the Union. Jim Walley, senior executive, will briefly review the origin and function of the Biu'eau and the junior mana^f ers will sketch the purpose of tha committees composing the Bureau. The Bureau offers an exqbll^t
well mui’k Ulc return of Purdue to the position of ieadership the elevated positioii with a great ^because of the increased need fof its
in uthletic,s it shouid have. In expressing the opinion of tiie student body, the Exponent extends congfatulation.s to the new athietic director and to the coaeii and offers its support and cooperation to Ried Mackey and Eiinef Burnham. —The Exponent Staff.
University Musical Organiiations To Present Convocation Saturday
The aiinuul All-Campus Contract Bridge Touriiument, .sporisored by the Union will o])en at 1 ii, m. Saturday, March 7, instead of this Saturday afternoon as previously announced. The deadline for all entries is tomorrow. There is no entry fee for tlie tournament and move than one team» each consisting of two playei's, may enter from the same house. Gold and .silver trophies will be the prizes for the champion and runner up teams. Since the number of teams has been limited to 84, entry blanks, which may be obtained at the west desk of the Union, .should be returned as soon as possible to insure lulmission to the contest. C. B. Kemmer will direct the tournament this year.
Sigma Xi Will Hear Harvard Physicist At Open Meeting
“Some Recent Work in the Field of High Pressures” will be discussed by Dr. P. W. Bi'idgman of Harvard University before an open meeting of Sigma Xi, .science honorary, at 7:30 tonight in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Bridgman, a professor of physics, is a recognized authority in tlie field of high pressures. Students, faculty members and townspeople are invited to attend this meeting which is being sponsored by the national organization of Sigma Xi. Theta Xi
deal of support from students, faculty, players and alumni alike. Red Mackey came to Purdue frohi his home town of New Albany, Ind., in 1925. After three years of brilliant play as wingmaii on the 1926, 1927 and 1928 elevens, he graduated in the school of Agriculture ill 1929, and immediately joined the coaching staff as assist-
ant freshihaii coach.
Former Frosh Coach His work as freshman coach met with wide success, and he was promoted to assistant varsity coach in 1932. A little more than a year ago he was given the additional duties of administrative as.'iistant to the
athletic director.
Head Coach Elmer Burnham came to Purdue in 1935 as freshmqn football coach, and since that time has gained the popular admiration of all with whom he comes (Continued on page 3)
services by the War Council and other campus activities. A wide selection of committees iS offered from which freshmen may choose their work for the sophomore year. Lois Thompson "VVitt manage the interviewing committee; Marilynn Miles, the eligibility committee; Bob Olson, the ofiSiiie committee; Los Woehlke, the projects committee; Hal Shomstein, th^ publicity committee; Virginia Pfisterer, the handbook committee.
Bray Talks To AIEt About Engineering Latin America Style
With “Lnginering Opportunities
Mixed Recreation Group To See Hand Balancing Ad Friday In Memorial Gym
University Glee Club
... social fratei'iiity, announces the pledging of Charles Harwood, Milwaukee, Wi.s.
By Ami Wickard Most of the large student iriusical organizations on campus will be united Saturday night at 7:30 for the annual music convocation in the Music Hall. The program numbers range from Tchaikowsky to popular trines, negro spirituals and patriotic music. Special Feature A special feature is the review of Am6rican history from the revolution to the present, presented by the
combined University Choir, Concert Choir and Men’s Glee Club. In addition to these groups tne Uiiiver.sity Orchestra and Symphonic Band will make up the total of 400 students participating in the convocation. Albert P. Stewart, Joseph M. Ragains and Prof. P. S. Emrick will direct the various organizations. With director Emrick’s own arrangement from the original score, the band will play throe classical numbers, “The Marriage of Figa-
ro,” by Mozart; a Strauss waltz, “Voices of Spring,” and “1812,” the overture by Tschaikowsky. “The Oberoii Overture” will be featured by the, orchestra under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains. This organization accompanies the choir in'cantatas, and appears on the mrisical organization’s radio , program at 4:15 every Friday. The series, over WBAA, was inaugurated this year, and various musical organizations alternate in giving programs.
As a special feature of the fourth mixed recreation, to be held this Friday from 7:30,To l0:00 p. m. in the Memorial Gym, Fred Spires and Fred Turner will give a handbalancing demonstration. The recreational periods are sponsored by the University Sportswoman Club to afford eds and coeds an opportunity for recication of many types and will he held every Friday night at the same time. This week swimming, for which men are charged a fee of ten cents, badminton, volley ball, ping-pong, shuffleboard, and basketball will be offered. Dancing will be held from 9:00 to 10:00 in the main gym, to music provided by records.
In Latin Aiiierica,” as his theB0ie,. Prof. J. L. Bray, head of fihe Schddl of Chemical and Metallurgical Eur gineering, addressed over 100 students and faculty membei’s at ah AIEE meeting last night. Prof. Bray, who himself spent several years as an engineer ih South America, devoted the major part of his talk to a description, the Latin Americans with whom an engineer would come in contact He told of the bigoted, lagy-llko peons who disliked everything from the United States and who distrusted every American. And if an American engineer was to be Successful, ill South America he would liave to overcome in,some measure the prejudices of the ignorant population..
Green Potters
. . . lield the annual pot burning ceremonies last night- Much excitenient was reported from vaHoUS fraternities as the freshmen turhed from the traditional rite.
'M
!®|iS■ ^ ' I- ■
Purdue WlxpohMit
■^*J \ ^ 5 //■''i "ijUi; Thursday^ February 26^ :19<
Students Favor Shorter Wrgrdduate Course
nn
in
’ By Student'vOpinion Surveys AUSTIN, Texas, I^eb. 25—Educators who for years have been advocating a shorter course for undergraduate work are seeing their'idea put into effect as a war measure to speed up the training of youth. Colleges and universities everywhere are S(4opting.an all-qut schedule that wilj allow ^hdojits to,-graduate in three-years or less. The-Uniyersity of Chicago is offering a degree in fvw l^ars. , - American collegians, at least a 56 per cent majority of them, believe the speed-up will benefit students themselves. But at this time they are (Opposed to. such a program gs a postwar, long-term objective; more than twothirds declare that after the war is over they would rathe.r go to school a full four years for their; degrees. The questions asked and the answers received follow: •Pt'BOja^es-colleges are shortening the time to ge^ia degreeifroni four to three years, Bo you Will be beneficial or not to students theihSt^S V u a;:; a:. ^W^iUhe beneficiai:i.<..--.....-.--------.-56% ^Wilhnbtabe feenefipiak..,.,. .40 Wiff hoti affect either way 2 rNo. opinion; 2 “Even after the war is over, what do you
ROU
think you would prefer: to graduate in three, years by going to school all year-round and taking only short vacations between terms, or go to college four years like we have been
doing?”
Prefer three-year course.. -..22% Prefer four-year course 77 Undecided; ........... 1 ( r
• “I have to work in the summers to be able to go to college,” a sophomore at Western Illinois State Teachers College told interviewer Adelaide Henrikson. More than half pf the male ..students, moye than a third of the coeds, earn at least;a portion of their college cost, the purveys has found.-Thirteen-per cent of the men and nearly 5 per cent of the women
earn.,all their expenses.. This necessity of j- A *8,
holding down a.job while attending college, a Sat Prs By M|CArrhur
good many students comment, leaves them $enc{s Him
little extra ttae to doncentrate on additional Blubr which courses m order to giaduate in less than foul twist of fate, .Gonei-ol Mac- Washington’s latest fad.
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Cone Qf f an-Ani^ Once
be the next fEiilg of Norway, beeau.se it is * hii^ > father wlio is 1 Crciwn Prine^if' And tf the tJerr 'mans<(’hav^ their- w%,-'ft Wew monafchy'Will ’be^Sestabitelied and the present royal family de-
throned.
Itarald lives on a country estate ten miles out of W.ashingt.on wlmve the President .sometimes has been a visitor. Known as “Pook’s Hill,” the home ha.s recently been enlarged so that when the Cv6wii Prince comes to visit the CrSwn Princess, therb -vvill be livihg quatters for the Princess Aide-de-camp and his wife,-the Lady in 'Waiting-, Note: Harald was five years old
last Week. ? ■ ' ' ' , ' Secret Rubber Deal
Little by little, a highly significant and secret picture of the disasti’ous rubber -shortage is leaking out from high plaCesV It,Shows that although Federal Loari Czar Jones was -woefully short-sighted, he isn’t the Only one to bl'ame for thfe dea-fth of tires and the “Jesse Jones Walk-
have become
■liMMiiii
|ND BEAR IT
year-S. -■ - Arthur SS- getting supplies today Editor’s Note: These-^surveysi iWith-headqua-rtors fi-om a man whose ambition to bevat the University of ^eXas, fifeS'Cond'UOtM byrni-^-taff come Assistant Secretary of War of interviewers all working- under-'itnifolw.iihstrug- years ago was squelched by
tions. ’fhe ballots ai-ei proportionately ■distfibuted'-ib MaeArthur.
order to-represent-mem-’and women, :studen{^(.-of i all .rp^e in question is Carrol ages, income, etc., .in propormumbersi Geograpbiedlly Pan American Airways, the sample includes students-.as they Are actually Cone comes from Arkansas. So does distributed over the nation: New England Cfty;-Middle ' MaeArthur. When MaeArthur was Atlantic 26%, East Central ■l'9%v West Central 13%, Staff, Cone was in WashSouthern ; 22%, and Par W^^^ Commerce depart- . ' ' ■ . ■ ... ' ' . ment’s aviation bureau and sought
to become Assistant Secretary of.
le
re
members’ rooms. An account by Qeoi’ge>A-de,-alumni
orYester’day aftti-noon we spent leafing through old oopies’ of :thb Debris .over dnt the library and talking to somc of the old gi-ad.s. The afternoon was turned back to tbe-'days when coeds'in Ladies Hall, long since torn down, were described by: “Tinted lights and the rustle-of garments And.a smell of the.violets blooms. Gentle hands and light step.s on the stairway, Drifting fragrance of roses pei-fume Floating softly ripples of laughteT Down the hallways through soft shadowed rooms.”
and famed Hoosier author,-summed up the condition: ■ “It was a smallTamily with an exhausting;-am0unt of poverty improportionately distributedi The'-COn-ditions should have - been foUmable- to dcmoeratic harmony, but never was a house more bitterly divided agaiiist itself. ; .: -. “Between the Irving faction and the Carlyle' faction played a line of fire and no man could:fin'd Comfort in remaining neutral. Each new coiner was pulled and hauled until he fell into one camp or the other and once he had allied himself his partisanship became Corsican and the large feud became his
private quarrel..
The job was vacant, and Cone had the support of the late Senator Joe Robinson of Arkansas and other potent figures. However, MaeArthur sat on the idea. He wasn’t keen about the air arm Of the army at that time and •abolished the job of an assistant secretary who would devote all his time to promoting the Air
Corps.
Additional dynamite was unearthed by the Truman Committee of the Senate and the House Military Affaits Committee last week which has Congressional eyes popping. It showed the famifications Of the giant deal between Standard Oil of New Jersey and I. G. Farbenindustrie of Germany to ban the use in the United States of patents for a certain process of manufacturing
synthetic rubber.
As a result of this arrangement, Goodyear Rubber and Dow Chemical, which approached Standard Oil for use of these patents in 1934, were turned "down. They did not know at the timenor did anyone; else — of
Standard Oil’s deal.
Meanwhile Hitler was bnilclin?
up a tremendous stockpile of s-yn* thetic rubber in the United States thetic rubber in preparation for b,y these particular patents. Docufuture war against the United *'''*^*'**'8 have even been found in
For .eight years the Army was States. - , / Standard’s ''files---referriiig---to --the without an . air- e.xccutive—revived tj-iq inside story of this giant in- “Ifitler Government, - indicating
, . -1^1. only, a year ago when Secretary tcrnational deal goes back to a few Government was - “There were-no tangible issues in the fight and appointed Robert A. Lov- years after the last war when opposed'- to.the development of syn-
neither side had declared any principles which were, Assistant Secretary of War 'standard Oil of New' Jersey was
hateful to the opponents. It was mere y a Kilkenny
‘Confidentially, how do you manage to look so dissipated oil twenty-^one bucks a month?”
petition in their home market that the following provision; , they gave their home market . “In the event the performance away.” nf these agreements or "Of arty
Evidence also has been unearthed showing that all of last summer and fall, when many people figured war with the Axis was just around the corner, Standard Oil continued to cooperate with the Gei-maiis to suppress the manufacture of syn-
And the “Dorm Devils” of'Purdue Hall, endearingly called“the dorm” by all who had ever spent a. term, within the walls where all the deviltry of two hundred boys dwelt were pictured Isy: “Tinted hands and the mumble of cuss words Odors sweet from the old shaving mug Gentle howls and the banister breaking / Fragrant, gurgles front brown cider jug.s Dancing gaily on down-dropping plaster Strong with the smell of old Cavendish plug.”
battle in which the glory of humiliating the other party was sufficient reward for any exertion. The dorm was an Irving stronghold although the Carlyles were represented and five or six Carlyle rooips were the war camps to which the city men rallied when
ti-oublc was impending.”
thetic rubber here.
■Whether this was because 'Hitibr
Today, as a Pan American Air- Simultaneously' I;' G. Frtrbenin- even-then-wai;.’.scheming'-to cut OB’
w'ays official, it is Cone-’s job to clust)-ie planned to-go into-bil.
The Cork didn’t -know what old Cavendish plug Avas, but we got tremendously interested in “the dorm,”- grahdpappy -of Cary Hail, and it was about that time that, a maiden from Ladies Hall prayed foi- her lover over in the dorm: “He is brave and young and handsome Spare his life, for it would seem. We will need him on the rush line, When we play the Butler team.” • ' We kept running across articles about the Carlyle and the Irving societies. It seemed that the two hostile groups, although organized as literary clubs -AA’ere rivals in just about everything that went on over the campus, and that included pledging of football player.s, and the frequent sabotaging of rival
After a last glance inside the covers of the Debris where dull poems occurred and barber shops advertised their establishments and beautiful photographs of .scenes along the Wabash were run, we put the books away, A little while later we talked to Professor Ludy of the ME school, who proudly brags that he was a dorm devil. They had a special society then for that too. They called it the “A.O.D'.-D.” (Ancient Order of Dorm Devils). He told'us about
tran.sport supplies by a circuitous and secret route to the Bataan peninsula. And they are. .getting there. For years U. S. Army war plains provided that in ease of a Japanese attack on the Philippines, U. S. forces there would have to be abandoned. However, thanks to long ran.ge. tran.sport planes and Cone’s efficiency, supplies are definitely
reaching- the Philippines. Future King At Circus
When the circus came-to town last week, one of the most excited
the initiations they used to have in a little barn
over on Wiggins Street and,of the Carlyle and Irving fans was a ruddy-cheeked five-year-gangs’club rooms on the top floor of Purdue Hall. old youngster who may one day • -• become a king. He was Harald of Profs. G. A. Young and Joe Raub of the ME School Norway, son of Grown Prince Olav also told us things; G.- A. about his activities as a and-Princess Martha, aiul resident staunch Carlyle member -and Joe Raub about the of Washington “for the duration.” smelly, steam heated football i-oom on the first floor When he got home from the cirof the dorm. These boys could no doubt fill books on cus, hq made funny faces to show some of the things that happened in the old dorm, his sisters what the clown was like, No doubt at times they consider the “pink belly” and slid on the I'U.gs to work up a treatment of the modern dorm dwellers in the Cary, spark to shock them w.ilh.
establishment rather tame at times.'
University Calendar Thursday, February 26
• Hall of Music ■ Fieldhouse . Assembly Rm.., Ag. Hall ■ Room 305, Union
3:00 P.M.—Screen Review 4:00 P.M.—Wrestling . .^ 6:45 P.M.—Winter Course Society 7:15 P.M.—Riding Club ;.... 7:.30 P.M.—Ghi'i.stian Student Fellowship Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M.—Sigma Xi Open Lecture Rm. 211, Stanley Coulter Hall • 7:30 P.M.—Camera Club .....Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M.—P.I.A. Chorus Tower, Union 8:00 P.M.—Mu^ic and French Section Musical... ..East Faculty Lge., Union
Alpha Zeta . . . national agricultural honorary, announces the pledging of the following; B. W. Growl, Hamilton; J. li. Abernathy, South Bend; R. S. Euler, North Vernon; M. E. Stults, Fountain City; W. E. Davi.s, Pennvijlo; P. J. H. Grauc, Osgood; Ji W. Krucck, New Haven; C. R. Gose, Wolcott; J. B, Billingsly, Greenwood; K. W. Bi-adfield, Lyons; G. K. Black, Veedersburg-; R: L. Dilts, Winamac; T. P. Hobbs, Plainfield; S. G. Peterson, Groyortown, Bit. FAUt Av Ri$K iiR. LUtHEll A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK —^ DENTISTS ~ 400-404 Scliultz Bldg. ' 4th and Main St. Lafayette
Harald is not bcin.g “trainad for (he kin.gshlp,” but to be a normal, healthy hoy. He will not
Dividing The World So, fearing each other’s competition, they agreed to divide the world betw'ocn them. Standard Oil Avanted to dominate the world’s gasoline business, especially synthetic .gasoline; while I. G. Farben wanted to dominate the chemical field, especially synthetic rubber. ' , So after some years of dickering, they formed a secret cartel in 1929, by Avhich the German trust Took over all chemical patents, inclqding synthetic rubber, Avhile Standard took oyer all of the oil patents, especially -the patents on synthetic gasoline. One most important part of the agreement was that the Germans were permitted to make synthetic gasoline inside Germany, Avhile Standard Oil was not permitted to make synthetic rubber inside the United States. IIoAvever, according to evidence placed before the Senate and House Committee:^, “The American cartel was .so. iiitcre.sted in relieving com-
our natiiral, rubber- -sripplie'S; fi'din the Dutc|).,Ea,st Iij^jefs, i.s ijpt.known.
Pividing Aftqr War
' What is know-n, hoAveyer, is that the t-AVo conipanies contemplatod the- pos.sibility of war. -For • they Avrote into their secret agreement
material provisions thereof by either ivarty should be'her'eaftet y restrained . . . or be aliertatea to a substantial degree by^l^tatiort of laAV or goyernirtenfal authority, the parties should enter into new negotiation.s in the spirit of the present agreements, and endeavor to adapt their relatiorts-to the changed conditions Avhich
have so arisen.”
Justice Department exbei'ts, called to testify before the Congressional committees, said they interpreted those “changed cbndition.s” to mean war, and that Standard sought to dominate, the synthetic gasoline market and I. G. Farben the synthetic rubber market , after
the war was over.
(Copyright, 1942, by United .... Feature Syndicaley Ific'.jiV;.-'...;,
-TODAY'THRU
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
fiwvdwL ^xfton^nL All-American 1940-'41
Ertiered as second cla.ss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at The special rate of imstage provided for in section 11,03. act of October 3, 1917; authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during The regular academic year and Avcekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
jEdhor'jn-C'hief.
KeW
it'eWiB £;ditor.. Spurtf Editor .
Ned A. Ochiitroc ....John L. Trauirott ......'......PliiJ Johnson
BuHincKs Manaffcr.. Manai?ini? Kdilor Coed Editor:
Don S. Powers .....LeJand W. UuflTncr Ruth Rose
Publication Staff
AKBorialo J0«Iitors Edtiorial Htaff: J, F. Amus. ,1. H. Arrnslrouy, U. T, Brophy, II. F. I. Juo<5. E. C. Kivptr lr^i>orl» O. T. CiurK, J. U. Froser, J. S. Keeler. (joed Huff: Mury K. DoynU^n, Alice Chatfivld, Jane RumsdelJ. Pboses: Editorial and Butincss, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff
Uoima Sioaa; OITicc Manajcv
■» 1.0
Oocil Iiu»i(Le88 Maiiaeor:
Pv-i'CiiH;, ,
Advcrtisiiie MmiazorB! K. K. Ojoinre. II. I?.' j Corculalion Maiiajjcr: W. T. IK-H ; Ari-auiila Manager: W.
D. M.illani.
Junior Coed Monagt-ri: Jean Krankenburry, rruncc-B Lloyd,
Julia Mfjrtiii.
T{c'i)r(-:ieii|i;cl for national advnrtiuing by National AdvertisJiiK .-^erviee, Jnc., Colli-ifi- l‘iil)liblu;fB ite|jre.-(ematlv«». 4C0 Madi.-ioii Avi;,, Now -i'ork. N, Y. -■ • ■
HELD OVER! THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND Come on the run , . . what stars! . . . ivfiat fun!
TODAY-VrI.-SAT.
— WITH — TOM BROWN PEGGY MORAN — also- r
“JUNGLE GIRL"—-Last Chapter LATEST NEWS
with RALPH BYRD VEDA ANN BORG
2 FIRST TODAY -
RUN FRI. -
HITS SAT.
PLUS
Staff For This Issue
Nic4<t (Editor: Hoffman IsBlie Kditor: Amo.t
Day liditdr: Ha,-is Sports Editor; Suwards
Keporters: D. Piekci-in.is, K. Bo.swinlil(;, J. Smith, Guorn-Kc-y L. Sloin-. K. KrioKer, D. Ochilti'Be. W. Schneider, J. Ford, S. Wolf, H. Eckstein, E,. Karpick, M. Gwosdow, J. Fraser.
^tunning
and str^ng^ly I exciting!
■ ’ ’ Adl»6 I
iixU’
UlEpPFim.
TODAY-FRI.
MARS
ifrr Dean Jam EII;iE0McH EXTRA! All Color Cartoon World ifews
Vvil/i NAT PENDLETON ANNEGWYNNE R06EHT PAIGf WARREN NYMER —pms-—.
11-
/IT
.'iagw ■ :%
i
5 1. h ! ^ ‘ _ ' r ' > < ’ 1 4 ‘ * ' «“' ' »^ < * ' ' I
’ •■ '•!>i' i-"^‘
Rustics Journey
4 ^ 1 i A- . ^ “ . /“h T , u -
< % ^ ^ ^ ‘V
For Big Teh Contest * Saturday evening at 7:30, Coach E>ie}: PapengUth and his squad of fidilermaker splaShmen jaunt to CJl'ifiSftipa'ign, 111., to give compfetition to-the mini in theii' new swimming pool. Coach Papengcith stated on t]he pi‘obaj)le outcome of tb^meet, “We sl)ouid beat ’em, but onemever Hmwvs.” niitii Beat Iowa The two schools competing Saturday have both put out some commendable performances in the pool eo iar this season. The record for tjib i^oilermakers Shows a pair of wins and a pair of defeats; the I-llini-have three defeats and a pair wins. Illinois dropped their three swhns to Minnesota, Chicago, and Northwestern, winning from Kansas 'and loWa State. Iowa State has been tops an swimming in the Big Six conference for the last four years. Papenguth’s progenies took their two wins in the aqua from Michigan Slate (Who now has a coach who led Iowa State to her four conference championships) and the fightin’ Hoosiers, dropping the other two to two of the three choice aquatic squads in the conntiy, Michigan and Ohio State, probable Cpnfeience champs this season. Auderson Back The usual Boilermaker swan sqUad will be augmented Saturday by the return of Curley Anderson, back stroke!’, who has been absent from practice the last Week due to illness. Cliff Erickson, free-stylei, who also has been out of action due to vaiious bacteiia, is a question maik on the roster as yet.
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Gates 7 .00 Acacia vs. Pdta Tau Delta 7.16 Phi Kappa Tau \b Sigma Pi 8:00 Alpha Chi Kho vs. Delta Upsiloii 8.16 Pi Kappa Alpha \s Tau Epsilon Phi. Court i—Karnaid 7:00 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Kappa Delta Rho. 7 In Tau Kappa Epsilon \s Pi Kappa Phi 8:00 Alpha l^appn Lambda vb Kappa Sigma 8t,!f3 Sig^ma Alpliu Epsilon \s Theta Chi , Court 3—RalFerty 7:00 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Lambd i Chi Alpha. 7 :!i3 Signja Alpha Mu \» Theta Tau 8.00 Beta Sigma Psi Vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:15 Sigma Chi vs Theta Xi Couit 4—Holderman 7.00 P.tia Theta Pi vs Phi Gamma Delta 7.16 Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Psi 8 00 Deita Chi \s Triangle ^ 8JB Sigma Phi Epsilon \s Phi Kappa
,C'
Thursday/ February 26/ 1942
Riveters Face Michigan, Hawks On Coming Trip By Jim Fraser Piggy Lambert’s recently improved basketball team will spend its second consecutive week-end on the road when they face a climbing Iowa quintet at Iowa City this coming Saturday night and complete the trek at Ann Arbor where they will tangle- with the unpredictable Wolverines of Micigan on Monday night. In the game with Iowa the Boilermakers will attempt to make a little
llL^JOHIlSOn
Trackmen Meet At Bloomingtlfi t By Ed Karpiek Tonight the Boilermaker track team will meet Indiana the Hoosier’s fieldhouse. Coach Hermon Phiitipa ahd have high hopes of being able to take the HoosierB and should be able to do so if they get their share of hresi^. This may sound a little far fetched inaemueh a^ J&a |Ioosiers are the defending Big Ten champs, bat meetteja^ Page 3 not won with past performances. Last week Indiana losf .tjEl Illinois by a 72-28 score. This mm is the worst beating that any /%• a J Indiana track team has ab- DIQ AXlQy sorbed in the last six or seven
years.
Second Meet For Hoosiers
elbow room in the now crowded second place position by beating the high scoring
Hawkeyes. Double Win
The Iowa ouintet helped themfielves to a pait of the four way tie for .second place by spending an enjoyable week-end beating Michigan on Saturday night and Indiana on the following Monday night. The Hawkeyes wrecked Indiana’s hopes of getting anything better than a tie for the Big Ten title by jumping to a big first half lead
and hanging on giimly to win the the maximum remains 26. No foifiee sconng tussle, 56 to 52. The mal education evidence is required, Hoosieis now find themselves no but applicants will be given an exbetter off than Minnesota, Iowa, or ammation designed to deteimine the Boilei makers, who moved up their ability to absorb and comprefrom a tie for thiid place to rub el- bend the technical instruction of bows with the Bloomington boys in the'course. Married men whose desecond place. pendents have sufficient means of The Hawkeyes will be hoping for support may apply for appointthe continuance Of their Tecent good nient. lelations with the baskets in the Those qualifying for both this ex-
McConnell To Examine Air Corps Candidates Major Thomas S. McConnell will extmine all interestect students and local /ouths concerning the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet training, every day this week from 8 a. m.
to 4 p. m.
Minimum Age 18 Although the minimum age for applicants has been extended to 18,
^ A New ChapS-er In Purdue Athletic History Yesterday afternoon the Board of Trustees turned another page in the archives of Purdue athletics to open up a brand new chapter. The p\evious pages of the last chapter have been sealed and stored away with the several other earlier chapters. Now everything lies ahead. Theie’s a lot of woik to be done—to put athletics where they should be —and it’s going to take the full cooperation of students, players and the athletic staff in its entirety to move forward in the face of the indefinite future. The veiy seiiousness of the job is a diTect challenge to Red Mackey and Elmei Buinham. ► Very Popular Choice • The Tiustees would have had to look far and wide to have found two more popular and competent choices. Red has been in close contact with the football team for many years. He has grown up with Purdue
athletics.
But now he has the responsibilities of not only the football team, but the basketball teams, the track teams, the baseball team, the swimming team and the rest of the comprising elements of the Boilermaker athletic setup. He is responsible foi tlm well being of each and every sport,. ► Sincere And A Hard Worker We’ve known Red foi several years now. He’s a hard worker, sincere, conscientious, and most important, he’s for Purdue first, last and always. We know that he full realizes the depth of the job which lies ahead of him. We know he appreciates the wide scope of the position of athletic
director.
He knows that he is the fiont man for Puidue athletics. That he must not only be a business executive in handling the affairs of the athletic department, in tying all interests toward a common end, but also that
coming Boileimakei game. The amination and a physical examina- he represents Purdue athletics wherever he goes, and that Puidue ath-
tion will be placed on the waiting list for Aviation Cadets in the
Aimy All Coips.
Iowa sharpshooteis stampeded Michigan with 59 points and their 55 points against Indiana on the Iowa City flooi gives a disturbing indication of theii scoring ability.
High Scorers man, much to the disgust of Inin the coming games With Iowa diana fans, was such a nuisance in and Michigan, the Riveters will re- the Hoosiei battle that his 21 points new then lelalions with two old boosted him to fourth place in the
fi lends Of the present season. Tommy Chapman, Hawkeye foi-ward, and Jack Handler, Michigan centei, made pests out of themselves in the eailiei meetings this year. Chap-
Big Ten sconng race. Mandlei’s steady scoring has landed him in fifth place. The latest scoring tabulation follows:
THEIR WISH for that PERFECT holiday visit to PURDUE has already been fulfilled—they have made their reservations at the UNION CLUB . . . the guarantee of a good time.
JhsL fiuAduSL TlflsmifuaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
letics will be judged by liis actions.
It’s a big job. Red. But we know you can do it
^ Burnham Popular Choice
Coach Elmei Buinham will face one of the most united fronts going into the new job that any coach has ever met. Players, students, fellow coaches, and Boilei maker fans in general have a great aditliration for
Burnham both as a man and as a coach
He has that enviable coaching quality of commanding respect and attention and yet being extremely well liked. He’s a caieful woiker and never forgets details, a man whom athletes like to play foi. ^ Don't Expect Conference Championship Buinham, like Mackey, has no small job ahead. Under the present conditions with the status of every player constantly in doubt, no one can expect a gieat team overnight. However, he will have a bunch of fellows who love to play the game, and who, undei the proper conditions, will well uphold the name of Purdue against any team we may face. Paidue students aie not assinine enough to expect victoiies oyei every team they meet. They expect to lose their share of the games, realizing the competition we have to lace. What they want is a fighting team— the kind that built Boileimakei traditions. They want a team who goes into every game to win, a team that nevci quits Until the final gun files. If any pci on c#in give things to us, Elmer Burnham is the man.
Kot.!, Wibconsin li' O' Sprowl, Purdue Id O' Graham, Northwcbtorn 12 6' Chapman, Iowa Id 6[ Mandlei, Michigan 13 6' Phillip, Illinoia Id 51 Gccowcts, Ohio State 12 1 Swanboii, iudtana 12 31 Mciiha, Illinois Id 4' ■Wcndlapij. Noithwostein , Id 1 Sicttel, Iowa Id 3! Aiax Mippespta Id I' Blanktn, Purdue Id 4:
Smith, -Minnesota ...12 3
NofTce
A Complete Display of New Spring Formals Palais Ro
Sigma Delta Psi tests will be •men in hioad jumps, high jumps, and shot puts, Thuisday evening at Ion I o’clock. i All Fraternity Athletic Managers get youi volleyball entiy blanks in by Thdisdaj, Feb. 26; this is the last ^atCv .
In this meet several of the Hoosiers weie badly beaten. Since it was the fiist meet of the year for the Bloomington squad they may come bouncing back in high gear tonight, Campbell Kane, national intercoHegiate half mile champion, lost the half mile to conveited Illinois quarter milei* When he was outsprinted in a stretch diive. The time for the distance was 1:59.8, and Kano is capable of a time in the neighborhood of 1:62. Kendall Improves Kendall, second in the mile in the National Intercollegiate last year, finished third in the Illinois meet. He is due to improve his perfoimance, and the mile run matching Kendall against Don Kemp of the Riveter team should be one of the best in the entire meet. Other top flight performers for Indiana are Mitchell, a two miler that transferred from Butler, and Adams a pole voulter who did not compete against the Illini. Anthony Wants Record Captain Burt Anthony, one of the top flight quarter milers in the Big Ten, will be one of the men that is expected to garner points for the Boilermakers. Buit has been tinning in some excellent times this season, and he may be able to ciack the varsity quaiter mile lecord tonight. The Riveters should piove stiong in the middle distances where they have several members of last fall’s championship cioss country squad on hand. In the mile there is Don Kemp who has covered the distance in 4:22.1 this winter. In the two mile Keith McLaughlin, Chai’les Duesler, and Woody Appleton will be the entries. Reinforcing these men will be A1 Jentsch in both the half mile and the mile. Edwards Out Johnny Conant and Ciaience Kion will perform in both the high and the low hurdles. Art Edwards will not be on hand to compete in the pole vault. A charley hoise will keep him on the sidelines for some time. This meet will be the final tuneup for the Boilermakeis before the Big Ten meet which will be held next Saturday. Tonight’s periormances will be a veiy good indication of the Rivetei’s piospect in the big test. The following men will piobabiy make the trip to Bloomington to compete against the HoosieisKeim, Banckei, Gaulke, Captain Anthony, Arnold, Archer, Kemp, Jentsch, McLaughlin, Dueslei, Appleton, Kion, Conant, French, Calhoun, Giimm, Lovett, Anderson, l\jcEacheip, Dodge.
GIVE JEWELRY No niatler for whom or what the occasion, jewelry is always a suitable gift.
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since 1884
DIRECT ACTlbll! To Get RESULTS Take Advantage of the Classified Section
in the
PURDUE
. . . Phillip is one of the high 0$:mg mini sophomores. His -afi around play is one of the foigg^ reasons why the Illini head the Ten race. He is in sixth plaeS in points scored, and in addition isnne of the best men in the conference at snaring rebounds. Mackey Namra (Continued from page J.) .’v in contact. In these six years.-he has become one of the best li&ed and most lespected members of Ih* coaching staff, and his work $s fieshnian mentor has been highly successful. Massachusetts Native BuiTiham’s fiist home was in West Newbury, Mass. After high school he attended Springfield College, giaduating in 1916. Here he stai red in basketball, football, baseball and tennis. The same year he signed a con.tiact as athletic diiector and coach of all sports at Central High School at South Bend to begin an amazingly successful coaching career. After the first season he enlisted m the aitilleiy and served overseas for a yeai with Trench Mortar Battel y 309. He was honorably discharged in 1919 as a sergeant. Next he seived at Central for an.other yeai, and then w'ent back to West Newbury to go into the dairy business with his fathei. He stayed away fiom the coaching game only a shoit time, and leturiied to Cential in the fall of 1921 where he lemamed 14 seasons. Duiing this period he compiled a football lecord of 118 wins 'while diopping just 30 and tying eight. In the last five years as coach ius teams w on 42, lost si.x and tied five, winning the conference championship thiee times In 1927 he was made director of physical education and recreation for the City of South Bend, ■working jointly with the school and thg paik boards. He held this position until he came to Puidue in 1935 as head fieshman coach. Duiing the yeais when he was at South Bend Buinham took additional scholastic work at Notre Dame, and was awarded the degree of Bachelor of Science in 1935 betoie co.ming heie Prof. Frank Hall ■ . of the histoiy, economics and govoinment department will spe«fc to the Roger Williams Club next Sunday evening at 6:36 p. m. oJi “Chiistian Living.” The club, which meets in the West Lafayette Baptist chinch, will hold a social hour from 5 30 to 6’30 '
PINE BAR GRILL 1 Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
I i
K Vf'" ' 4
4' / u ^Y|-| 'vy Yv i
^ ii||M d^J diuddd. olAtoltWi ^ Purdu6 Exponent i i JL t
( '*
i!
I .4iF y^
Thursday^ February1942
ead Presides se Meeting; Pean Stratton Talks ^ La's! Tue^dav nisrht Mildied O^^cns, Residence Hall fcovtinoi, presided at one of the halls most inipoitant mectniijs of the "seai at which Doan Stiatton Miss Schle man Dick Dibos and Mildi ed all discussed defense tonics Dean Stiatton coinpliinented the hidl Js’i’ls on then WRH Club Wai Effort Piogiani which is a gioup of specific actions on what and how the WRH Club as an oigani7ation can do in the present campus de fense piogiain This is the first attempt of am student srioup of this kind to tianslatc defense efforts into material actions Dean Stiat ton continued In stating that 12^ 000 nomcn will soon be called into lndustl^ as the &hoitac,e of men de cteascs In oidei to cope with this demand college nomen must pie pare themselves First of all Keep >oui equilib iium,^’ she stated “^ou don t need to sleep on a nicckioom touch be ^ cause of a fight with voui loom mate” In othei woids ‘Get youi sleep—the fight nas piobabh dut to tenseness not the loommate ’ Another suggestion nas to get in and pull in even activity undei taken ‘Don’t stand back and tell Othei s nhat is mong like a Sunday morning quarteiback oi a Washing ton, D C , geneial Mildied Owens next introduced Dick Dibos ■^^ho fuithei explained defense activities He stated that “collective effoit as well as indi vUdual effoit was of utmost impoit ance and that accounted foi much of the WRH Wai Piogiams im poitanee Dick stated that the cooi dinatioii of student wai effoit is concentiated in the Student Wai Council and that ain suggestions oi questions bt ant inembei of the student bodt conceining this pio gTam should be addressed to the Student Wai Council Dick con tinned bv enumeiatm^ vaiioiis things coneeiniiv the councils tv oik The SWC wants to acquaint students with various campus a,-,en eies such as the Student Loan Fund ohich maj prove of use to mam He stated that I16OO woith oi de fense stamps have been sold m the Union and cashiei s office to dite He also mentioned the value oi the Residence Hall -,oveining boaids coopeiation with the SW^C Miss Schleman spoke next men tioning vaiious shoiti^es the halls will have to contend w ith She com mended the giiL on then complete coopeiation with the Red Cio s Oi the t400 lecenth set aside the halls foi wai woik 1)200 w-is „iven to this oi«anization Each -,111 will icceivc a Red Cioss meinbeiship card and pin
Today On WBAA
Daily Health Service Report Student Heilth Seivice icpoits
tin following, students admitted to
the Home Hospital Mondav I cb 23 R M Baneioft P S L 41 and G M Pottei agiicultuie 14 \dniitted to St Elizabeths weie
M L Render fieshinan seicnec,
Lucille Chaminade Home Ec 44, U B Giaciei, Meeh ’41 MaiieGia^e freshman Home Ec Ralph McRev Holds iieshinen engineei ind J W’ Phillips Elect ical Eivineei 44
THURSDAY 0 66 News
10 10 The Cm 10 Man 10 16 WBAA Picsenls 10 30 Listen While You Woik
10 56 News
11 00 Fedcntcd Clubs
11 15 Music
11 10 Paient Teachci Association
11 45 Music
11 50 Puidue News
11 55 News
12 00 Agiicultui il rmuni 12 16 Meet the Bind
12 45 Music 12 56 News
1 00 Parents I mum 1 15 Souvcniis 1 30 Science Review 1 45 Maikets
1 56 News
2 00 Stoiv a Day 2 15 The Apothccaiy
2 30 Music
2 45 Ticasui e C licst
/ 2 55 New s 3 00 Music
3 lo Afternoon Melodies 3 30 Musical Round-U])
3 55 News
4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 15 Heaid in the Hallwiv
4 30 Music
4 45 The Cui 10 M ui
4 60 Music 4 55 News
5 00 Just Relax
5 30 Vespeis
5 45 Little Miss Muffett
6 55 News
6 00 Dinnei Houi b 30 Spoi ts Review
6 46 Music b 55 News
7 00 Uiban Sociology withPiof
T K Noss 7 50 Music 7 55 News
8 00 Ston Behind Music 8 30 Ml Dextei singei 8 45 Eventide Echoes
8 55 News
9 00 Musicians
9 65 New s
10 05 Off the All , Students May Apply For Work As Junior Inspector-Trainees Intel ested sti dents m xj tet file applications foi positions as junioi luspcctoi tiainees in the United States ainn oidnance clepaitment Plot C W Bcese dnectoi oi the Univeisity ti lining foi deiense an noLinccd uhat applications must be made beioie satuiday li they aie to be accepted foi positions Between 18 and 35 All men must be between tli n^es oi emhteen and thirtv five and must have eompleted one i eai in i ieeo-,nized engincciing school 01 two ^cais oi ie„uHi college study including six semestei houis each n ehomistn phvsies and mathe m xtics Applicants nust also pass the phvsical lequueincnts of the Civil Sen ice Commission Those mex accepted will be pi iced on the pxMoll oi the 01 d nance dcpxitncnt at $1 400 pei veai as tiamecs Aitei suecessliil completion oi the ti xining eouise exndidatcs m xn be leclassified it SI 020 pci 5 cai
Florist Group Will Consider War Problem At the fifteenth annual Indiana rioiists’ Conference to be held at the University next Tuesday and Wediicsdat, the effect of wai on the floiist’s business will be discussed Dr E C Young ol the depaitment of faim management, will speak on the business outlook this yeai aftei legislation and staging of special exhibits at 9 a m Tuesday, in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Place In War ‘The Floiist’s Place in the Wai \progiam’ will be considcied by Alee Hendeison of Chicago piesi dent of the Society oi Ameiican 1 loiists, and this will be followed by an infoinial discussion At the afternoon session in the noith ball loom of the Union theie will be an otlui discussion peiiod at 1 30 on ‘ Handling Peisonncl,’ led bi W E Voglei diicctoi of peisonntl at the Univeisity with Claience Gieepe, Indianapolis floiist, piesidmg Latei theie will be a floial demonstiation undci the direction of Inez B Wil hams Columbus Ohio The rioial Musicalc will be held in the Union altei the banquet, 111 loom 363 A1 Stow a t chon diiec tot will dncct the music section ol the piogiam Research Discussion In the Hoiticultuial Gieenhouses Wednesday moining the floiists will heai Resume of Rescaieh Woik at Puidue pi esented by Plot R B Withiow J P Biebel E W Kahn xnd S riiomas oi the depaitment of hoitieultuie Also on the Wednesday moimn, pio gi xm IS a discussion of wages and houis as applied to the floiist pii oiities affecting the ffoial business and giecnhouso maintenance and
lepxiis
A movie ‘ Beyond the Blue Hoi 1 zon ’ will be fentuied in the aftei noon in 100111 117 ol the Hoiticul tuial Building followed by econoni les 111 Produetioix txlks by menxbeis of the Unneihity staff Pi of E R Honeywell of the hoitieultuie de paitment is m chaise of aiian,,t
ments
Robinson To
(Continued fiom page 1) sents numeious pioblems in time of Wai and must, to a certain extent, be cui tailed Robinson will discuss these problems and the cuitailmcnt of the Rill The amendments will be leviewed, along with othei laws passed by Congiess icgaiding the Bill Curient consoiship will be le
viewed
Robinson’s talk will be followed in the iieai futuxe by a discussion of “Post War Economics” by Piofes SOI Estey of the histoiy, economics and goyeininent depaitment The convocations, pi esented bv Student War Council aie foi the purpose of acquainting the student body with the leasons foi and the
Notices
Exiionent SOpboraorc Coeds Sophomurcu will xvork hs doy editors starthiB Wednes
ibis
dnv rd) IB Schtdule for this week is Wtdntsdny JHnss Thursday Stcnbcrg Tri daj Beall Saturday Wlckard Schedule office foi next week is posted in olfiee If you cun t woik bn assltnod day please set m
ROSE
Aicriculttiriat 1 next year’s noon Satuiday
on next year’s Staff Ipxist bd tu^h®
Tebrunry 21
blanks are nvaiiable 'In the
SiicmB Delta Chi Initiation followed hy piofcssionni dinner mectintr Saturday Icb 28 at 5 00 p tti in the Union DaVo Ihomp son editor of Plrairic Tanner and J K Benhatn editoi of the Terre Haute Star will speak TRAUGOfl Student Ushers Student ushers ind 10 liee at Varsity basketball Barnes Bot then monew at the ticket office in the Tieldhouse —DOAN I’lA Tea Dance will be beUi Sutiudiiv b eb 28 from 3 to 0 30 p m in the South Ballroom of the Union —ABSHILR Purdue Players Next) membxis who desiie kiys will please leave their ii imes an 1 with the Bcctclary at Fowler Hall before 12 00 noon Saturday Teb 28 —GOLI
Gold Peppers Dinner mietine at 4 I p m Thursday Teh 26 at the Alpha Chi house Call Beth Pnrtenheimei by Wednes effects of the wai They aic free of
chaige and passpoits aie not need-
ed foi admission
Former Governor
i
Will Address State Farmers Saturday Formei Indiana goveiiioi Cliffoid Townsend will addiess a gioup of taimeis and faim cmeigeney com mittcemen fiom thioughout the state at 10 30 Satuiday morning in the Agiicultui al Lngineciing Building Townsend who is now in ehaige of piioiities allocations of machin eiy foi agiicultuie, at Washington D C will discuss “Machinei-^ foi the Aimy” and Machineiy foi the Eaimeis—a National Emeigency ’ Aftei the Icctuie he will answei questions liom the flooi with the help of menibcis of the Unlvelslt^ staff
SCARH
WAA Basketball I ractircs Wed iii d 1 ri of this week ciuliiiE Itb 2 One pi utice in addition to intermural i ractiex is re quired IIDNNIS Battery D 3 Sth Squad Gun squad drill dt the armory bcfeiiiniiB at 4 i m on 1 el -3 26 and 2^ - SMALL. Wesley Players Meeting Thursday I eb 26 at 7 00 I m Outsi le speaker Opel
mectiuB so exervone is welcome
HORTON
Society of Aiilomotivc I iiBiuccrs Will all members win b ive alriiidv jellied lli society please siB'i tl li t eii lb SAl bulletin board in the automotive labora ten’ Wo need your naiii o addresses and xhono numbcis to conn lote our reeorls
—KDIL
Purdue Christian 1 uuiidatiun SkiitiiiK party briday leb 2( from 7 30 to 10 10 1 m Be at 131 South Grunt at 00 p n for transportation te the rink Get yoiii tickets from Betty Meinrer Max Wellman Paul Carrington and Paul Busb> Evi r\ ne lb invitedr WAMI LER Alpha Zeta Pledges Meet in roem 118 f Au Hall Friday I eb 2 at 4 00 i n All pleelges be present or notify me DIESSLIN
WAA I eiiciiii, piiielice Friday Feb 2 and luesdnv Maith 3 Praeticcs aic le quired for participation in tournament LMHOrr
I
All Sophomore Union \(’orker8 Meet with Hal Kiiighl and Barb Fellows in the Un ion Ollite Monday Mar 2 at 4 16 pm Import lilt Be there —FELLOWS Cosmopolitan Club there will be a meet mg liidnv leb 2 at 7 30 p m in the west faculty lodnte Professor /amsteiii will hi tale K1 LI AR MI 30 Make Up exams Fxamii aliens to leinovt ( and I |i iJes in ML 30 will bo given SI litrday Miiitli 14 at 1 pm in room 101 of the ML buildine 1 lease notify me if iiileresleil —GLIGIR NYA Workers NYA cheeks foi i eriod (n 1 iig 1 eb '■ are now available at the Lisliers otliee in the I xecUtiv bull ling HOLILNSBE Aeroiiiodcltrs Imi ilint luelini, rhuis diiv leb 2b in io<m 80 if tile Union Plans foi tie luvitalion meet Sundiv Mar 1 will le disLUSsed SMllH
Skull and t rescciit
ai lilt
Kevs ir II (line
HI MI 1 R
Della Ulio Kappa Mu til r 1 ill ni 1 m mb rs al 4 | ni I nday lei ..7 in tie eonfoiintc room on th ground door <f the 1\ eiitive Bull III K I Ian f r in line the I rsomel S i vie ii tie (iMiiii, ul of sen 1 r leeti I Conus will le diseiissid
nilRi LIV
Lliib
Imp rtinl incetin, I t '■ 0 I 11 ill 1
Cliaiiee I ax
1 hill
ill 1 oin
I ee n mule
BROWN
Ul
Uidiiii
lay I b 111 tl L Ul nir plans
Modem Diinci 1 v ly ii 1 e at i i etiei 1 rid IV Feb 21 at 4 30 i in Siturdiiv I eb ^8 ! t 1 00 1 m M 1 IIV Ml r h 2 at 1 00 I in leiformaricc will b Moi d iv March 12 at 00 m in lb He ne Economics ifiteiia SI UBAN
'AhplloaMbns fdr ’
' irhSa liKiv*'
PIA Cliprus Meet ihursddy at 7 30 p m in South Tower room of the Ufiiou Building Please be prompt ,
-SOPAK
Skull and Crescent i Tuin in Gotljllon tickets and money to me at the Phi Gdha House by Ihursday cvehihg Bahefuet starts at 7 00 p m Get i-ihbons from Mcnke at Sigma Chi HoU4c by FyidaV JPdb 27 Call Mtnke about your pledges imlde-
diately —
Union Workers Meeting of Model Alfplnnt dommittce in Room 306 of the Utllbn Building Thursday leb 26 at 4 30 m m Will the following please' be ptesent Men-
(fee Seine Ike Snyder Grogan
Ford Olmbtcd Bush Kendall Kyler I iiMidf,
Kuek Hutchfns Slkmbatlgh ^
—starBk
Student Senate Important meeting for all so ihomore ahd freshman workers In Senate Office Friday Feb 2” at 4 00 p m Be there —DIBOS Glider Club Meeting Thursday Feb 26 in loom 263 of the Union Building at 7‘80 I m —CAFFBE EL 192 Make Up Exams Examinations for lemoval of C artel I in all sections Will be held it 1 00 p m Saturday Feb 28 in loom 134 of the EL Building —hardiRg Reamer Club Muting at 7 16 p ni Mon lav March 2 in West Faculty Ipungp of tile Union Dot, s movies will be SlioWn Pledges xeill appear at 7 46 —RUFFNEB TW(A M eting of members Thutaday, I e I 2'x 11 4 p III Mectiug of cablnefe Thursd IV 11V 2 at ' 30 p m —NEWTON All Sluilciits All! me intercstexl in cn lollii e 111 r d cross life saving senior or In strucloi cl iss pliase call or repofit to Dr Eastwoi 1 n Ins olfiee rgom 110 iicldllOUSC bofoie Silurday leb 28 Phone 8076 —PAPENGUTH ,
Rifle Club I eb 28 I t i
Maltb Satiiidaj ufteinooii Tins IS imiortant -TVDMAN
ASM! Diadline foi men 1 er Ini ii ASML this v al will be Mon 1 y M irch I Membership blank in i ailable Tn M L olfiee TOPINKA
Dr. A. M. Irion 1 — DENT«T — i II9’/g Norfhwestarn Avt. ^ Phom 4965 M
Classified Ads
Typcirrjlcrs—Adclioff Maciuncs all makes rcTitel n*i aimJ indjurchasod Mime ojrraph work done C J Ebershoff 60o Mam Lafayctlt Phone 277*^
Lost Hi w \ Rtlu n t
b Hi 11 m t i n Kra\lill
fi ttt Snn '0^6 Re^a^I
lost s jrt Id TIki i ■wrist vaUh ri ! C M H Rcwir I I hoi 0 (
The Christian Science Monitor t th Univcrsitv B6(k Stor
In Your Plan’’—
ii
Clothes Conservation
GOOD PRINTING af PAINLESS PRICES More Stylo for Less Money Kane's Print Shop
■401 S 29th St
Phone 5205
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Uiiivcrsily Bouk Sbre
Include Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Crown Cleaning Remorses the Grim and Dirt That Shorteiife the Life ot Fabric.
Cl pie 40
Top of the Hill
FOLLOW YOUR NATURAL "BEND'
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
TH[ IIWEIi NAII! STIU
Short hair cuts to suit your individuality. Styled especially for
you.
PHU1\E /9UJ
LOEB'!! BEJIUIY MM
IN
LASTEX UIVDIES
Im4
an fKaalte
These supple laslex undies are marvels for seeming natural as your “birthday clothes” Yet they do plenty of subtle trimming down Grand for sports, just enough under hostess coats, perfect all the time if you’re more or less average "because you love nice things"
THE PLAYGIRDLE — which IS a pantie too Allows freedom of action Detach able garters Petal pink and white $2 25
BRIEF GARTERED GIR DLE of Lastex with rayon satin fiont panel The stand by of pretty little figures $2 25
Palais Roual
The Way to Cut Expenses and Increase Sales Is to Advertise in the PURDUE EXPDIVEMT
iK
ft
IP