f%Z T?W 'f'~'^Pfm^
M
M ' ^
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today; tomorrow increasing cloudiness and warmer, rain.
T^ Jl T? i Purdue Exponent
mOfiSDAY March 9, 1939 Lafayette, Indiana Vol.50 No, 133
Frbsh Jump Gun; Attempt
Union Workers Get
Premature Pot Burning
Light Assignment
Prom Committee Announces
(“We’ll keep it going if it takes the whole Chemical Engineering Building,” said freshmen last night as they started their premature fire about 11 o’clock on Stuart Field in hopes that other rhinies might escape with the green caps. An ill-founded rumor by telephone started the movement. II I ■III ■■■III II III Way ahead of the normal^sched-
The Union ”big wigs” put their heads together and dreamed up a surprise dance for all freshmen and sophomore Union workers yesterday. A compulsory meeting was called yesterday afternoon, and the rhinies, expecting to be assigned work, showed up en masse only to find that a tea dance was scheduled. »
Four Orchestra Possibilities
236 Short Course Men Finish Work
Two hundred and thirty-six students will leave the University today, ending their eight weeks winter short course held here annually by the University school of agriculture. The annual banquet will be held tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom. Dr. F. B. Knight, of the , department of education and applied psychology, will be the principal speaker. Kermit Money, of Shelbyville, is to act as toastmaster. Professors C. F. Gobble, F. E. Robbins, J. W. Wilbur, and I^lph Roberts will present the agriculture awards. Elmer Burnham will make the physical
ule (sophs were expecting it a little nearer to St. Patrick’s Day), the yearlings started emerging from fraternity triangle about 10 p. m. Rumor has it that it was a sophomore that called the DU house. Another group of freshmen blamed it on a senior at the ATO house. Green Potter President Dick DeGarmo could not be reached, either by phone or by persosal call, but one freshman, on the SPE lawn, said between yells for aid that DeGaimo knew nothing of the origin, and that last night was not the appointed time. By 11:15 about 100 rhinies had deposited their pots in the dying embeis, the green emblems of innocence. By 12:15 the group, about 150 stiong, moved on to Fraternity Row. de-
About 200 freshmen and sophomores appeared at the “meeting” which was designed to further intraunion acquaintances. Music for the dance was furnished by recordings.
'Mikado' Tryouts Begin Today In Eliza Fowler Hall
Committee Enumerates Ticket Regulation; Permit Distribution Will Start Tomorrow
Custodians Meet
For One-Day Session
> education awards. President E. C. Elliott will award the short course certificates.
Mrs. Huber To Offer
German Love Songs
Schekell, Yamamoto Win Junior Hanley Speech Eliminations
Thirty-five school custodians registered at the one-day meeting and conference for School Custodians Supervisors of Indiana yesterday morning and heard Ralph Watson, assistant State High School Inspector discuss “Qualifications of School Custodians.” Arthur Campbell, superintendent of schools at Anderson, spoke on “Training School Custodians” with Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of Engineering, leading the discussion.
Tryouts for “Mikado,” show selected' for presentation as this year’s all-campus production, will begin this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. This meeting will alfect aspirants for all positions in the entire production and will include dancing and vocal chorus selections.
T. Dorsey, Glen Gray, Russ Morgan, and Larry Clinton are the four major bands under cpnsideration for this year’s Junior Prom. In accordance with its “set the date by the band’^ policy, the prom committee, although trying to settle on April 21st, is refraining from any definite announcement of the exact prom date. According to Bennie Bums, committee chairman, the choice will be made and the date announced some time within the next two or three days.
Mrs. Huber James, accompanied by Mrs. C. Haven Smalley, will present a group of old English songs and German lieber songs in the music room next Sunday.
Mrs. James has done college work in the school of music at West Virginia University, graduate work at Radcliffe College, Cambridge, Mass, and has studied voice and piano at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Mass. While attending Radcliffe she sang with the Radcliife Choral Society. Sunday’s program of the weekly series sponsored by the Student Union, will begin at 4 p. m.
Robert Sheckell speaking on “Measure of Man” won the junior division third annual Hanley Public Speaking contest last night, while Joseph Yamamoto received the runner up position with his speech on “Ballast for the Business Balloon.” Time and motion study was the nucleus of the winning talk. Prof. L. V. Ludy, mechanical engineering department, was chairman and introduced other speakers which included J. E. Sheeks, Richard Lukenbill, and William Croft. (Continued on page 4)
In the afternoon, Henry B. Abbett. University purchasing agent, talked on “Buying Janitorial Supplies,” and in final session George H. Bush, custodian counselor, of the division of education and applied psychology, discussed “Custodian Wage Scale.”
This conference has grown out of the school custodians conferences held in the various parts of the state and it is hoped this will become an annual event.
Officials in charge of the tryouts ask that all girls intending to be considered for positions in the dancing chorus be at this meeting. Final selection will be made Friday, when the girls are asked to bring shorts or bathing suits. The “Mikado” involves 10 leading characters, besides the large singing and dancing groups. All those who are interested in working on the production committees for the all-campus production are asked to sign up before 4 p. m. today in the Eliza Fowler Hall office. Petitioners for staff positions who would like to work on these committees are also asked to sign at the same place and time.
Prof. O.F. Hall Opens Marriage Lecture Series in Fowier Haii
Professor 0. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, spoke yesterday in Eliza Fowler Hall before an audience of senior men and women at the first meeting of the marital lecture seron the topic, “Success Factors
les
Lawshe, Spears Write Text On High School Journalism
Next Monday Set As YWCA Dues Deadline
C. H. Lawshe, psychological research assistant with the Joint Highway Research Project being conducted at the University, together with Harold Spears of the Evansville Public Schools, is co-author of a textbook, “High Scholo Journalism,” which has just been re-
'From Junkyard To Bloomington" Or "The Return Of The Victory Chimes" In One Act
leased by the MacMillan Company.
Bloomington, Ind., March 8— Missing since the fateful night of November 17, 1938, the Indiana University victory chimes appeared here tonight at the annual Gridiron banquet sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity. No phantom of the junkyard but the real McCoy, were these pealers otf victory for the
Crimson.
Where they re-appeared from did not interest Indiana students as much as where they had been. For it seems that the boys and girls who get identical answers on ex-
The letter was forwarded to R. C. Woodworth, assistant publicity director, who rescued the chimes from the junk dealer. On Saturday, February 25, three Sigma Delta Chi boys from Indiana came to Lafayette and claimed the chimes for their banquet here tonight.
Lawshe taught high school journalism in Benjamin Bosse High School in Evansville prior to coming to the campus last July. He was graduated from Purdue in 1929, and during his undergraduate days was active in Debris and Exponent work, was a member of Sigma Delta Chi national professional journalistic fraternity.
Deadline for YWCA members to pay their annual dues in order to vote in the election of officers for the coming year has been set for Monday, March 13, according to an announcement made by Betty Klein, president of YWCA. Dues can be paid Thursday, Friday, and Monday afternoons, March 9, 10, and 13 at 4 o’clock in the YWCA office. Nominations for president, secretary, and treasurer will be announced Wednesday, March 15.
in Marriage as Seen by a Sociologist.” In charge of the meeting was Harold Lewis, chairman of the senior committee which is sponsoring
the talks.
Opening his lecture with a group of facts to enlighten his audience Prof. Hall said, “Preparation for marriage is preparation for a fouract play which involves life-long principles. Act one is courtship, with its unique mixture of pleasure and training. Act two is marriage and marital adjustments. Act three is parenthood and the struggle for security. Act four is post-parent-hood and the struggle against age. To play the parts well, many and diverse abilities are required.”
Concert Band Plays
Questions Spicing his talk with interesting and enlightening stories, he kept the attention of the audience during his talk. After speaking for 35 minutes Prof. Hall allowed the audience five minutes during which slips of paper were passed out, and written questions signed and unsigned, were collected.
In Windfall Sunday
Lowell Hardin...
Thus ends the saga of the missing chimes, with all parties concerned completely happy about the whole thing, including the junk man, who got his dollar back.
. . . Exponent Managing Editor, is resting well at St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, where he has been confined for nearly a week with cold and sinus complications.
Purdue’s Concert Band will play a concert next Sunday in Windfall, according to an announcement made yesterday by Prof. P. S. Emrick, band director. Features of the concert will be a xylophone trio selection played by F. C. Baase, N. B. Carson, and C. R. Watson, and a cornet trio number by C. A. Reichelderfer, C. A. Heidbreder, and D. J. Wheeler,
Questions included, “Should a girl marry if she knows she can never have children? Do you consider nagging a cause or result of marriage? What effect does a difference in religion have in married life? What should a boy do if he is in love with two girls?”
The next marital lecture will be given on Wednesday, March 15, by Professor J. A. Estey, who will have as his subject, “Marriage as Seen by an Economist.”
amination pnpers didn’t know where they had gone despite all the notorious publicity accompanying the disappearance of the chimes. Some
Orchestra Will Play For Convocation This Evening
didn’t even know that they were gone. Hell’s Bells Three weeks ago, when all but a few had forgotten the notably silent chimes, there appeared a story in the Exponent regarding their disposal to a Lafayette junk dealer for the princely sum of one dollar. On the same day that the story appeared, a letter came to the Exponent office asking permission to come and salvage the chimes.
Students Wishing To Drop Courses Without Grade
should do so before Saturday noon, March 18, the Dean of Men’s office announced yesterday. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of thb school, and if possible, hy the head of the department. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office.
Indianapolis’ far-famed Symphony Orchestra will begin its second convocation concert of this year in Memorial Gym tonight at 8 p. m. wi|h four movements from RimskyKor^akov’s opera, “Scheherazade.”
A reception for Fabien Sevitizky, Indianapolis Symphony director, is to be held in the lounge of the Union Building immediately following this evening’s concert. Everyone is invited.
A capacity audience of students, faculty members and townspeople is expected to enjoy tonights performance by the organization which, under the intelligent direction of the noted conductor, Fabien Sevitzky, has won the nationwide acclaim and commednation of critics of the symphony within the last two years. Tall And Russian Tall, Russian Mr. Sevitzky, uses a simple approach, and a directional attitude somewhat comparable to
that of Stokowsky, of the Philadelphia Symphony, with eloquent hand movements and a high stance contributing to the performance without being imitative of posturing. Besides making concert appearances in Indianapolis, the orchestra broadcasts weeUy from 2 p. m. to 3 p. m. on Wednesdays over the Columbia Broadcasting System’s network. It has also been a guest on the NBC “Magic Key” program. '' Classical Stuff Following the “Scheherazade”
Ticket Regulations The regulations imposed on the purchase of prom tickets this year are as follows: 1. Juniors and Seniors, as listed with the registrar, will be the only undergraduate students eligible to purchase tickets. 2. Only 25 tickets will be allotted to members of the faculty. These tickets will be sold under the same regulations that apply to undergraduate students. 3. Announcement of ticket distribution will be made on or before 'March 30th. 4. Permits will be distributed from March 10th to 18th, inclusive. They will be distributed in the Great Hall of the Union from 4 to 5:30 p. m. on week days and 1 to 5 p. m. on Saturdays. Show Passports 5. Applicants must show their passports when they apply for permits. 6. If the application is approved, the permit must be taken to the University cashier’s office, where it must be signed in the presence of the cashier, to insure that the applicant will be the sole user of the ticket. The applicant must then pay the cashier four dollars to receive the stamped receipt. This must be done before March 25th. 7. Date of actual ticket distribution will be announced later. Tickets will be obtained from the cash-ier-by turning in the stamped receipt. Violations of these regulations will be reported to the Executive Department, and violators will be subject to disciplinary measures. 9. Passout checks of a non-trans-ferable nature will be used.
18 Schools Here
For Two Day MFL
Debate Meeting
movements and the intermission tonight the orchestra will play Van Weber’s “Invitation to the Dance,” McDonald’s “Two Poems on an Aramaic Theme,” and will conclude the concert with “Les Preludes” by Franz Liszt.
Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the ConvocatiojB and Lectures committee of the tTniversity, announced that all passports, season tickets, and single admissions priced at $1.00 at the door, will be honored this evening.
Representatives of the fourth annual tournament of the Indiana district of the National Forensic Leagrue will meet at the University today and tomorrow. As an innova* tion in this year’s meeting there will be a Student. Congress, with each state chapter of the league to be represented by selected members, in a “Senate’l and “House of Representatives.” During the two day meeting the **Congress’* will convene four times. Four Lafayette attorneys will act as speakers and parliamentarians, and committees on various subjects will be set up to consider bills. Each chapter has been required to submit in advance at least two bills, one on state (Indiana) affaii-s and one on the welfare of the district NFL.
Banquet Tonight
The youthful speakers wiU be entertained at a banquet to be held tonight at 5:30 in the faculty lounge with after-dinner speeches by seven members of the “Congress” and the members of the University speech staff. Toastmaster at the banquet will be Mr. Crodian, superintendent
of the Peru schools.
Contest tournaments will be held in the following events: debate, ex(Continued on page 4)
J
1
if
*1
1
i
1W
» , " V
ft,'- x ‘'‘ie^m'\rpJ‘^->''M¥i ¥-!H ^^v-iiv'
i#''
A*
£dihfdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
JionhihoA.
Thursday, March 9, 1939
>^// Hight Parking...
... on state highways is prohibited by Indiana law, yet as spring nears, students are being arrested on that charge. West Lafayette and Lafayette policemen are naturally bound by duty to put tickets on all cars found parked on these highways, whether owned by studtots or not. The fact that six students were brought into West Lafayette court on this charge recently led Mayor Keim to request that we print a warning.
In Lafayette, parking is not allowed on any main thoroughfare between the hours of 2 and 6 a. m. since the street sweepers are busy between those times. Indiana state law prohibits the all night highway parking, however, and state police will enforce it.
Police of both Lafayette and West Lafayette are inclined to give students a break. They cannot, however, tolerate infringements of state law, so they have asked us to present a plea for student cooperation.
Fraternity Men...
. . . decided at the last Fraternity Presidents’ Council meeting to raise initiation scholarship requirements to a 3.50 index for pledges without C’s or D’s, and a 3.75 for pledges having failing grades. This has been a long needed action, and should produce results beneficial to the fraternities.
These new requirements are probably as high as the Council could reasonably decide upon. They represent an increase of about .25 of an index point. Each chapter, however, would do well to consider raising their own standards still higher. The all-University index average runs about 3.7, while fraternities run somewhat higher.
New initiates should be at least as good as the active chapter scholastically, or house averages will continually decline. It seems to us that each chapter should require a pledge to have grades equal to or better than the house average. This would lead to a steady improvement in fraternity grades, and would eliminate the problem met by many houses when a few poor students pull the house average down into the cellar.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second dass matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and wedcly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager..
B. 1. Stanhack B. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor. J). A. Bailey
Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager. - .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager JH. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
Editor Associate Editors.
CO-ED STAFF
— — — Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor^ — R, L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
ENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. Chicaso ' Boston ■ Los Anoeles - San Francisco
This ^wspaper is writtra, ediW_, and publtehed by undergrsMu
Suate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-(^ief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—McKee ' Thursday, March 9, 1939
In order to graduate, a Purdue student must have slightly better than a 3.6 average. This then, should be the absolute minimum for pledges, since no house wants to initiate a man that will not graduate. In case a strict
Any raise in required averages is desirable and the Council is to be commended for its action. Progressive houses can do themselves a good turn by going still farther .. . for l;hat is what makes certain chapters “tops” on the campus.
and
fir
Bj GeorKAnn SchiUing
Jack had money, Jill had nil Jill married Jack, so Jack had Jill; Jill went to Reno, and now she’s back; Jack has nothing, Jill has jack.
of the approaching Gold Peppers Dance on Friday, Mai’ch 31? Only about 23 days now until the co-eds can play fish again. A date to keep in mind!
—H-H—
—H-H-
This seems to be old exam week around here! It’s either exams or hardening of the emotions that are troubling everybody around here. And it looks as though spring has definitely come. Ah me! Lack a day; everything to lose.
The Phi Belts and the Sigma Chis will journey to Indianapolis this Saturday for their annual State Days. Columbia Club will be the scene of the Phi Belt dance while the Sigma Chis party is at the Severin Roof. Phi Mu sorority will also have their State Day Saturday at the Lincoln Hotel.
—H-H— Pi Beta Phi sorority will have its annual winter formal in the ballroom this Friday night. Harry McCrady and his band are to furnish the downbeat for the dance to which bids are being distributed. —H-H—
-H-H-
The first of a new series of Swing Sessions will be held Saturday evening in the ballroom. A campus band is to play for each of these sessions, and the “Song of the Week” will be featured. K you would like to hear your favorite tune played in a very special manner, be sure to vote for the “Song of the Week.” You’ll be hearing it.
Did you notice the announcement
“Dinner at Eight” for 300 Cary Hall residents and their dates will be a feature of the Annual Cary Club dinner-dance this Saturday night. Jack Stalcup and his Southern band are scheduled to play for the dance.
IMaiiI
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Hope, Laughter and Heartbreak Meet ... As A Great Stage Play Becomes a Greater Motion Picture.
_ Plus — Red Blooded Adventure in the Land of the Frozen North with a Singing Carefree Mountie! RENFREW ON THE GREAT WHITE TRAIL — with — CHARLES NEWILL TERRY WALKER
irs FIRST RUN
MARS iwiv
unmeiu
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
he calls anti-pitch . . . JONATHAN
takes a swig before the date . . . says it does wonders in keeping him within the bounds of fair play!
Present, past, Tand futures always catch up with you . . . eventually! Poor JOHN WALKEY, is leading a duo-life . . . torn between his past and his present ... in his desperation his chums can hardly keep him from carrying out his threat to quit school and live the life of a hermit in the north woods trapping turtles . . . blackmail is a tough racket . . . friend!
index requirement is not desirable, the standards set by one fraternity on this campus might be worthy of adoption. This house requires its pledges to get 11 and 2/3 hours of B per semester, thus conforming with the 90 B hour standard.
Cutting people’s throats never made anyone live . . . ED TRAVIS doesn’t want any certain girl (he says) ... he’s just trying to cut out the other fellows . . . maybe this has something to do with the HOSIER, TRAVIS, YEOMAN triangle . . . incidently, why is JANICE waiting for BOB VERNER to marry her because of the back of a certain broken chair ? . . . can’t get the connection.
What a quick change of heart as CALDWELL . . . SAE . . . threw HULSE overboard and stayed on deck with MARGE BALDWIN . . . all’s fair in love and war! . . . one about three people in a boat—GORDIE MATTHEWS, SWAN, and PEG BOYCE are terrifically weathering a storm . . . MATTHEWS might do all right if it were not for SWAN.
It’s rumored that SARA SAINT has been trotting around an Acacia pin under cover . . . we are wondering if this is actually true ... if so, why won’t she wear it where
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
mkm ALBEHTSOi Hiy ELEANiH LYNN
in movie studio crime thriller. ■( rko RADIO Picfurs,
1ASTSTJI1D
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
— ALSO — 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS," Serial
LU^
TODAY-FRIDAY and SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
KAY FRANCIS * James Ste'plutusoii — PLUS —
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
GRIN AND BEAR U
By Lickty
JONATHAN MARSHALL, farmer, ’40, has been having a little bit of trouble of late ... it seems that this son of the soil found himself getting a little too amourous with a certain Alph Chi ... so, he went to see DOC MILLER . . . and DOC fixed him up with a bottle of what
ff-
‘We’ve been watching your work on the left rear hub cap, Putnam — we think your’re ripe for promotion to the right front spring-shackle bolt!”
it can be seen let us know!
if not so, please ately!
Incidently, CHUCK MILNER has had a brain storm . . . his latest question is as follows: “Just what do girls dish out when they take a pin? The fellows give pins and so . . . Anyone who can enlighten the said CHUCK as to the correct answer please mail us a letter immedi-
A subtle bit of poetry . . . hope it isn’t too subtle not to catch on to. Two, too too two, two. two to too-too.
two, ’n’ two ’n’ two To . two.
111 Have Another One
Appetites get “perked up” when you are serving Graves bread. Try a loaf today—you’ll taste the difference.
Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
fEEEMAN PBESENTS
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
406 Main StreetM
Thursday, March 9, 193^^
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
3 #
Badger Tankmen Beat Purdue, Indiana
@
Boilermakers Hosts To Big Ten Swimming Contingents Tomorrow^ Saturday
Boilermakers Win Only One Event As John
Graham, Lahey Star In Triangular Meet By Robert J. Deckard Depicting their potentialities as champions for the Western Conference swimming meet here tomorrow and Saturday, the Wisconsin Badgers trounced the Boilermakers and Indiana in a triangular meet ih the Fieldhouse pool last night by scoring 52 points to the hosts 32 and Hoosiers’ 25. Headed by Crowley and Thomp-
FreeStyler
son, who won the 220- and 440-yard and 60- and 100-yard dashes, respectively, the Badgers’ lead was not overcome throughout the entire meet. The Red team garnered six events, while the Cream and Crimson won firsts in two events. The Riveters captured only the 400yard free style relay. Graham, Lahey Star John Graham and Red Lahey, Boilermaker free-style artists, were the individual high scoring wiimeni for the hosts, both' taking second and third places m their respective events.
WORLirS/FiNEST TOBACCOS
Sold by your dealer Ifnot send 10c for sample to John Middleton, 1211 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa, Dept|.4
WALNUT Blend 30c
The feature of the evening’s events was the 400-yard free style race. Wisconsin jumped into an early lead and failed to relinquish the past until Boilermaker anchorman Lahey challenged Thompson, Badger, on the home stretch. Lahey’s final effort in the last five yards was the only event for the Riveters. The summary: 300-yard medley relay—Wisconsin (Emmerich, Bistow, Deutsch) ; Indiana, Purdue. Time, 8:11. 220-yard free style—Crowley (W), Siler (P), Graham (P), Gile (W). Time, 2:24. 50-yard free style—^Thompson (W), Lahey (P), Borst (I), Tuxworth (P). Time, :24.8. Fancy diving—^Feigel (I), Wildhack (P), Fahrner (P), Rinehart (I). 100-yard free style—^Thompson (W), Gile (W), Lahey (P), Borst (I). Time, 66:1. 150-yard back stroke—^Benedetti (I), Emmerich (W), Tredwell (P), Visher (I). Time, 1:47.8. 200-yard breast stroke—Bistow (W), Moody (W), Klafs (I), Carr (P). Time, 2:37.6. 440-yard free style—Crowley (W), Graham (P), Thomas (I), Siler (P). Time, 5:26.9. 400-yard free style relay—Purdue (Armstrong, Mock, Tuxworth, Lahey), Wisconsin, Indiana. Time, 3:62.
TorUMlTHlIlini
BUYS A SMART, ^SEW
ELCIH
Anniversary'.
'24U ^^LUEs
soon.
/Model 3753 $19.75
Model 3828 $19.75
Model 87SI Model 2281
$19.75
$19.75
Model 8750 $19.75
Model 8829 $19.75
NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR SMALL WEEKLY PAYMENTS We Have All the 1939 Benrus Models
Sunbeam Electric Shavers, $15,00 $1.00 Down and $1.00 a Week
Dial 2383
Next to Lima
Arthur Ebeling, Michigan 220 and 440 yard free styler, who will be fighting to revenge the defeat that the Wolverines suffered last year in the Big Ten swimming meet as they vie for the title again tomorrow and Saturday in the Fieldhouse pool. SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
pelda^
CkoksL
“Doc” (Here’s the answer) Hunt, our physical chemistry seer who so effectively explained Purdue’s victory over Indiana last week by comparing the mental processes of the two coaches, reneged on us this week . . . shy and retiring, he merely muttered, “I ain’t sayin’ a thing this week” amid a verbal onslaught of chemical thermodynamics . . . ah, that such erudite wisdom should be wjLthhield from the multitudes eagerly panting for his knowledge and didactic reasoning. —^fc— We present some good news for future Purdue football followers . . Joe Benna, who won the Lafayette 160 pound class weight in the recent Golden Gloves bouts, is one of the leading backfield candidates for the freshman grid squad . . . now there is the promise that when we have fights on the field they’ll at least be good ones . .. “Backfield\ Bulwark Battling Boilermaker Benna,” what a chance for writers to go editorially haywire. —^fc— Speaking of football also uncovers the fact that advance orders are already being received for the Pur-due-Notre Dame football game that opens up the Boilermakers’ schedule this fall at South Bend on September 30. \
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice df styles, $1.00. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
'X^EDICO’S patented filter, com■tVA, bining 66 BafiSe interior and cellopEmie exterior, is greatest scientific smoking invention ever known. It traps nicotine, juices and flakes;
andbreaksuphot
smoke stream, resulting in cool, “broken - in" Filtered Smoking in Medico Pipes,
Cigarette and jnNEST briar Cigar Holders. JUDNEY.CAn.Buy
NEWES’ SHAPES^
<GINUINE FILTEI$ FOR MEDICO FI FACKED ONLY IN THIS RED £ BLACK BOX
-if Vto ®
CIRL’S
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, IND.
Buckeyes, Michigan Favored To Dominate Team Championships in Fieldhouse Pool The greatest group of swimmers in the national collegiate field is ex^pected to lower a host of records in the twenty-ninth annual Big Ten swimming championships to be held in the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow
and Saturday.
Boasting men who have dominated the national collegiate championships in recent years, the exceptional rivalry between Ohio State and Michigan, generally conceded to be the teams that will fight it out for the winner’s cup, will act as a spur to the record-breaking activities of
the brilliant field.
Last year, the Buckeyes nosed Michigan out of the Big Ten title honors, only to have the Wolverines come back and snatch away the national collegiate honois by one point. Stalemate Two Meets The rivalry between the two schools has been even closer this year and is expected to comd to a climax in the title tussle here. In a pair of dual meets during the regular season, neither team has been able to win a decision, both ending in a 42-42 tie. Although they lack the balance and strength to make them factors for the team title, Iowa, Northwestern, Illinois and Wisconsin boast outstanding individuals whose performances are expected to be pointgetters in the eventual determination of the championship award. Since 1927, Iowa and Ohio State are the only teams that have been
able to displace Michigan as the Big Ten champion, and the Wolverines’ battle to reascend the title throne promises to make the coming meet one of the most spectacular in history. Meet Schedule Preliminaries in diving and the 50 yard free-style will be held tomorrow afternoon, with preliminaries in the remainder of the events tomorrow night and the final of all events on Saturday night. Military Basketball
C-l
vs.
H-3
D-1
vs.
A-3
E-1
vs.
B-3
F-1
vs.
C-3
S-1
vs.
D-3
H-2
vs.
E-3
A-2
vs.
F-3
B-2
vs.
S-3
C-2
vs.
H-4
D-2
vs.
A-4
E-2
vs.
B-4
F-2
vs.
C-4
S-2
vs.
D-4
H-1
vs.
E-4
A-1
vs.
F-4
B-1
vs.
S-4
Almost Everyone Shops At chaech. LOEB&HENE COMPANY
Dressmaker Suifs to give you - that ‘‘‘‘Little GirE^ look $0.95 -^others to $39.50 Flattering little suits to add a sparkle to your eye, roses to your cheeks, and a lift to your spirits. Just the thing for Campus, Classroom or Dates. Tailored to broaden your shoulders, slim your waist and hips. Each with a matching skirt or contrasting .,. gored or pleated. Navy, Black and Pastel Shades. Sizes 11 to 17. Loeb’s Fashion Shops Second FloorI# % V' %t
_V^ ^ ’ ,h ** * " * ‘ ^ ^ ^ -/ti ■i y <, ' *' i 'f ^ ^ ^ ^ i_ ^ * ' '^■
‘•^Y^t
¥> *»' /
¥> *»' /
I k
3kaiiL tML
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yboiicsiA^
Thursday, March 9, 1939
Hull Tops Seniors In Big Ten Scoring Ohio State forward and basketball captain Jimmy Hull led all seniors in compilation of total points during their three years in Big Ten competition, rolling up 389 tallies to place himself 36 ahead of Iowa’s captain Benny Stephens. Stephens scored 353 in three years. Hull’s total, while the highest in the conference for the last threeyear period, does not compare with the record set in 1938 by Jewell Young, Boilermaker forward, Who amassed 465 during his career that ended last year to set a new record. Bill Haarlow, of Chicago, was the former leader with 416 points in three years. Other high men for the three year period which ended last Monday are Andres. Indiana, 312; Kundla, Minnesota, 302; Addington, Minnesoat, 238; Johnson, Indiana, 236; and Anderson. Purdue, 226 Intramural Schedule FRATERNITY BADMINTON DOUBLES Couit 1— 4 15—Phi Kappa Tau \s Sigma Alpha Epsilon Court 2— 4 15—Sierma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu Court 3— 4 IB—Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Chi Court 4— 4 15.—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Lambda Chi Alpha Court 5— 4 15—Kappa Sigma V's Delta Tau Delta. Court 6— 15—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu Court 1— 4 -45—Winner Court 3 vs Beta Theta Pi. Court 2— 4 45—Winner Court 4 vs Winner Court 6. Semi-finals and finals to be played Friday at 4:15 and 4:46. Stephens Authority Will Speak At YWCA, WSGA Charm School Pauline Crook, grooming consultant, Stephens College. Mo., will visit the campus some time during the last of March. Her talk at ChaTm School will be the highlight of this year’s YWCA - WSGA Charm School program. Due to the success of the Charm School a special appropriation has been given which makes Miss
Crook’s visit possible. She will give special interviews during her two day stay, for which appointments must be made in advance. Her two lectures will be given at 4:00 p. m. on the two days she is here.
18 Schools Here(Continued from page 1)
temporaneous speaking, original oi*atory, dramatic declamation and oratorical declamation, with winners representing Indiana in the national tourney to be held June 19-23 at Beverly Hills, Calif. Finals in the different contests are as fbllows: 1:30, humorous declination in the faculty lounge of the Union; 2:00, extemporaneous in the east room of the library; 2:30, dramatic declination in rooms 1-2 of the Union; 3:00, final debate in Fowler Hall; 3:30 oratorical declamation in faculty lounge of the Union. Eighteen Chapters There are 18 chapters of the national forensic league in Indiana. Chapters are located in the following schools: North Side, Central and Elmhurst, all of Fort Wayne; Hammond, North Judson, Columbia City, Logansport, Bloomington, LaPorte, Wiley of Terre Haute, Columbus, George Rogers Clark of Hammond, Bosse of Evansville, Crown Point, Lebanon, Peru, Knox, and East Chicago. Indications are that sixteen of the Indiana chapters will be represented. Loy C. Laney, debate coach of North Side high school. Fort Wayne, is general chairman of the tournament.
Schekell(Continued from page 1)
The contest is sponsored by W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, with the winner of last night’s contest to receive an engraved “Handbook of Engineering Fundamentals,” and a financial handbook picked out by Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering school. Each speaker had to be a member of one of the schools of engineering and speak on the eco-
nomic aspect of some subject. Judges of last night contest were Prof. D. S. Clark, general engineering department, Roger Mayhill, economics department, and J. W. Miller, speech department.
MISCELLANEOUS
d «nd
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standi portable, sold, purchased, rented and paired. New portable machines as Ibw $29.75. Supplies, C. F. Ebershoff, 606 S^in
street.
VERSATILE MUSICIANS—Tryouts for European voyage. See Chuck Coe, 415 State, Saturday
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—White gold Bulova wrist watch Phone 6812. Reward.
FOR SALE—Furnishings complete m every detail for rooming house. The house IS to be rented to students. Good location. Ill E. Columbia, W. Laf Phone 75253.
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Single loom $12 or double room $10 212 Wiggins Phone 46381
N&tices
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Thursday, March 9, at 4 p m • Horth, McClintock, Newman, Crockford, Freeman, Woithington, and Richardson —McELROY.
WSGA Executive Board: No meeting this week Wait further notice. —BEAMING
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday, March 9, at 7:30 p m m room 103 of the Agricultural Hall. —KNAPP.
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting concerning Cotillion at 7:06 p. m. Thursday, March 9, in room F of the Union. Bring tickets and money. —HALL.
Newman Club: There will be no Newman Club breakfast on Sunday, March 12. —KASSER.
Activities Bureau: Will the following committee report today, March 9, at 4 p m in room B of the Union: Funsett, Houser, Kolar, Bass, Brookraan, Kotfila,
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed, what we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts %r a month or so . . . then look back and reflect a bit ... we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
FINE C L E A"N ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
flowers for all formal occasions expertly arranged by— Ctfo/Jc (^o.
Phone 5432
527 Main
Morgan, Ralston, Bremer, McArdle, Mefford, Ochiltree, Yeoman. —JORGESON.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do So at once. —LOVELL.
All-Campus Show: Students desiring positions on the following work staffs should sign up in the Fowler Hall office at 4 p. m. Thursday, March 9. Business and Advertising:
—DONOVAN.
Make-up and Costumes:
Property and Painting: Stage lighting^: \ Stage and Carpentry:
—HEWriTT. -LINDSEY. —SPRUER. —BREDES.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Report for work in Union lobby to Help with National Forensic Conference all free hours on Thursday and Friday, March 10 and 11. —HOUSER. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting and initiation Friday. March 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Union. Projtects will be assigned —STRADLING.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Theie will be a meeting in room B of the Union tonight, March t), at 7:30 All students aie coidially invited. —BURBRUSTK
Senior Personnel Data Sheets: Proofs of the following men must he i checked before Thursday, March 9, at 6 p. m. in the Debris office, if not checked, proofs will be assumed correct. G. W. Shatzer, J. R. Hopkins, E. L. Baynes, A. J. Zeller, F. C. Joy, W. C. Maitin, D K. Wells, V. T. W. Coddington, H. J Simon, J. C. Beckei, D. R. McLeish, J C. Dewinter, R. E. Miner, R. M. Lemen, R. A. Fuller, P E. Daugherty, J. W. Rieke, J. D. Goshorn, H. B. Schieler, J. M. Crump, G H Lewis, R J. Ruth, J. Kitnner, G. S. Johnson, F. H. Flack, E. K. Thomas, P. J. Bryant, M D Stepath, E. B. Snyder, J. D. Mitchell, C G Bull, G. W. Toben, H. T. Helton, B. C. Losket, F P Tabshey, R. C Meleney, C. A. Bennett, R Zimmer, L McDaniel, J. W Combs, L. Holms, C. E.' Clutter, R. L. Anderson, D E. McCoy, M. S. Strzalkowski, J. Bali, E. L. Tyner, L. E
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
FirOWERJ ^augtes —SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
A IoRRA/N€^ GOWN that givof your figure "line***! tti (ecret if ample length. (S4 in.) full sweep, (72 in.) flattering bust contour and ribbon tie back that slims your waisti Tearosa. Small, madium, large. LADIES' HAND BAGS STYLES include pouch, envelope and zipper top MATERIALS of patent leather, fancy cloth, snakeskin and calf. NEW COLORS of Fuchsia, Navy, Japonica, Royal, French Sand, Beige, Cyclamen, Mustard, Spring Wine and Black. These lovely new creations are priced at only $1.00 THiEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Keck, R. O. Dirmeyer, J. S. Brown, L. J. Barley, T. Woodmansee, R. G .Bice, R. E. Dubois, P. S. Dinius, M. Reeves, I. French, R, E. Seely, H. C, Burkholder, C. F. Reed, N. W. Aram, J. M. Wlggans. The following men may obtain their data sheets by calling at the Debris office. J. E. Barker, C. D. Arnold, P. A. Levernier, and M. H. Weber. —HENSLER.
at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in History, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register with the department office before March 9. —ESTEY.
Playshop: The spring parcy win be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets 1 from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per Couple. —HE-TTEMA.
Poultry Club Members: uues are paVaole before Friday, March 10 th. —JENKINS.
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 18th,
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11.
DRESS CORRECTLY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories—all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP IHC
gets his gal
Uwiw woRSi tham ]| 1 SfU-TmeNT M THAT, JIM. MV I ftiTLETOFIf 1 SAL'S SOT WHAT k PIDYOU? Ji SMf CALLSA PRSSSER*
'0H,VeAH?NEWIIUPS, NEW SHOES.) LOOKS NEAT,EH? sl^ssjn ^^1 m COULD AFFORD 'i A NEW PAIR N/' '' J
HBY, YOUI SO DOWN 10 THE f^RTUNE DEALERS. THE BEST M SHOES YOU'VE EVER SEEN... ."^FOR ONLY
BamnapiBM BILL, I'M VOURS IITHB FORTUNE? NOW ANa..AeOW \ I'Ve sot IT.
WHAT BILL CHOSE
You like Bill's style? Maybe yes, maybe no.What you need... in shoes ... may be different. But we’ll wager you do want style and comfort and super-value. Come in today and we’ll prove we have it... in
MOST STYLES
B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St.
i the Purdue Exponent N Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST _ n9'/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENINQ Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latdies and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac'essorles and rapairlng. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
PRINTING Office SUtloncnr.. C 1 Weddins Invitailont FHOMI * ^ ° 262S CASSEL’S 408 FERRY