iMIiiilte
Et>rf COMMENTS
On Army's Approval
Of Exponent Service
FOOTBALL COACT .
Nameg John AndreticK
Next Acting Captain
Established 1889
Beat Northwestern
Volume 55. No. 23
/'
Pui^llue University. Wesf Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 8, 1942
Pep Session Wi| pprp Outside Union Tonight
County Agents Name Kinpmeli Pr^ident
Band Will Lead Rally To Stuart Field At 7
M.C.WiJson To Speak Today
At Ag Extension Conference
C. V. Kimmell of Fort Wasme was named president of the Indiana County Agents’ Association at yesterday’s meeting of the Annual Agricultural Extension Conference. A. J. Hesler of Covington was chosen vice-president, and J. D. Wood of Shoals, secretary-treasurer. H. L. Whitman of Rushville was named vice-president to represent the assistant county agents, and Miss Dorothy Morehouse of Fort Wayne was —
196 Students Attain: Honor Roil During, Summer Semester
Service Officers
Bail Coldest
Juniors Lead In Scl^olarship
Campus Police
Enforce Car Regulations
elected vice-president to represent the Indiana Home Demonstration agents in the county agents’ organizations. The extension workers, farm institute speakers and extension specialists of the t(niversity considered plans for their work next year and discussed changes in view of the increased food demands be-
cause of the war.
Today, M. C. Wilson, USDA, will speak on “The Neighborhood Leader System—Problems and Possibil‘ities.” Following this grodp discussions on “Using the Neighborhood Leader System Most Eifectively” will be held. In the afternoon
reports given by the forenoon dis- more students received tickets, cussion leaders wjlH be featured, pines Will Be Imposed
This evening the County Agents’
University To Fine Student Violators
In the last two days students have violated the University regulations concerning student cars and driving 28 times. For not registering their cars with the University, 24 received tickets, and for parking in spaces reserved for staff ears, four
. . . ... . , R. W. Levering, who is Plant Association IS having a meeting and p.^tection Officer in charge of the
initiation.
Tomorl'ow morning at 8:30 in the Paculty„ Lounge, Dr. F. B.
West
campus police, stated that this matter had not received serious attention in the past two years, but this
Knight, of the Division of Educa- year tickets and fines will be given
tion and Applied Psychology, will speak on “Methods in Training Leaders.” The rest of the morning will be taken up by discussions of agricultural programs for next year and a business meeting of the County Agents’ Association.
out until all student cars have been registered. For a first offense four dollars of a five dollar fine is suspended, however, for a second offense a student must pay four dollars plus an additional five dollars.
During the summer term one hun^ dred and ninety-six students made a distinguished rating in scholarship. The junior class lead with sixty-seven, the sophomores having fifty, seniors, forty-eight, and the freshmen, thirty-one. The engineering schools led the cgmpus with a total of one hundred and fifteen ^lonor students; the freshmen accounting for twentyone of the names on the list. Among the upper class engineers, the Mechanical Engineers led with thirty-six of the members on the honor roll. Second in number were the Chemical Engineei's boasting thirty-four distinguished students. , There were thirty-six honor students in the School of Science, 17 in the Home Ec School, 15 in the Ag School, 5 in the School of Pharmacy, 1 in Aero School, 12 in 'the CE School, 10 in the EE, 3 in PSE, 1 in T and IE, and 3 in the Met
School.
McWhorter Tops List The highest index on campus for the summer semester, 6.34, was held by a freshman engineer, John R. McWhorter, Jr., from Louisville. The following students made an index above 6.6: Freshmen; Harold Collings, 6.53; (See SCHOLARS, page 4)
Ends Oct. 16 Winner Gets Free
To Speak At Convo Next Wednesday
Program Opens Enlistment Drive
Boilermaker football followers will meet tonight at 7 in front of the Union to cheer the Gold and Black team to a victory over the Northwestem Wildcats next Saturday. This evening’s gathering will be the first large pep session of the fall term. The corner of Grant and State streets will be the rendezvous as it was for the Fordham game two weeks ago. The University band will beat out a march
Bid To F>a(nce
Decoration contest for the Military Ball, scheduled for November 13 in both ballrooms of the Union, was officially opened last Monday by A1 Jackson, chairman of the Military Ball committee, and will continue until October 16. Any member of the student body is eligible to participate, and the winner will he awarded a free bid to the Ball. Designs and suggestions for the backdrop, band fronts, and other decorative artistry will be judged on appropriateness and feasibility. The
Committeemen
The following men have been selected as additional members qf the Military Ball Committee: Senior: W. A. Hammer; M.T. 6: J. E. Goode, A. C. Menke, W. E. Rafert, and R. A. Unger; M. T. 5: W. V. Cross, G. H. Klouman, C. L. Pope, and D. M. Shryer.
Officers of the various United States arm'ed forces will appear in the special convocation sponsored by the Student War Council next Wednesday evening at 7:30 in the Hall of Music. This convo will begin a two day period during which the officers may be interviewed by students interested in the Enlisted Reserve Corps. To give -the student up to the minute news on the eiilisted reserve problem, and to clarify any question which he may have is the purpose of this assembly. Members of the University staff will be on the platform to help make questions and answers clear and to facilitate the general discussion. Members of the service branches who will appear on the program are: Lt. Col. B.^ F. Hoge, U. S. Cavalry; Lt. D. E. Oren, U. S. Naval Air Corps; Lt. A. C. Dumont, U. S. Army Air Corps; Lt. R. L. Nipper, U. S. Navy; and Lt. E. F. Ziegler, U. S. Marine Corps. Interviews with these officers during the two day period following the convocation will be held m the Armory. Students may also enlist in the various resei’ve corps at this time.
H. E. Luccock To Speak Here October 18
Theologist To Appear At’ Religious Convo
Dr. lialford E. Luccock, religious lecturer and writer, will be the speaker at this year’s first religious convocation at the University at
tempo for the crowd and lead the way to Stuart Field. The entire procession will be accompanied by all University whistle tooters, bell ringers, trumpet tooters, and all other t3rpe3
of noise makers.
To warm the eheerers-up Skull and Crescent men will build a huge bonfire on Stuart Field. This spectacle will be waiting for the arrival of the rally, coaching staff and members of the team.
Guest Speakers
Various members of the faculty
10:30 a. m. Sunday, October 18, in will address the students, among the Hall of Music. This announce- them will be Elmer Burnham, Guy ment was made Tuesday by Prof. “Red” Mackey and Dr. Hunt of the Laurence Hadley, chairman of the chemistry department. The team special committee in charge of re- will be represented by football capligious convocations. Dr. Luccock’s tains who have been appointed for subject will be “Vertical Thinking the first three games. Center Alex in the Horizontal World.” Leugo and Halfbacks Ken Smock
Holds Degrees From’Six Schools a*id John Andretich. A graduate of Northwestern Uni- Of particular interest to all fresh-
versity and Union Theological Seminary, New York, Dr. Luccock also hold degrees from five other schools and has been a pi-ofessor at Yale for fourteen years. He was ordained into the ministry in 1910, and has been very active in ministerial work
men is the fact that the Victory Bell will be displayed by the Gim-
lets.
All fraternities, sororities, coop houses, WRH, Cary Hall and other organized groups have been urged to bring along all the posters
since then, having served both as ^nd noise they can manage to carry pastor and religious instructor. He by Bvuce Adams, senior yell leader,
was editorial secretary of the
Faculty Group Provides New
Entrance Plan
Executive committee of the faculty decided on a system of intrasession at their meeting on Monday afternoon. The system is to accommodate high school seniors who are not able to finis'h their work until after the regular University teim begins. suiSoq uotssas-B.xqui jO'tuiM. oqx February G and lasts until Aprjl 20. The summer intra-session will begin June 6 and last until August 17. In this way the people who graduate from high school after the regular term begins will be able to start freshman courses the same term. They will take 12 houi’s the first term and will pick up gradually what they have not had. The second semester they will take the regular work.
To prevent payment of suCh fines students may register their cars in room 202 of Seivice and Stores any time during office hours. To register a car a student must have with him a letter of permission from his parents, his driver’s license and an insurance policy if he has one.
200 Freshmen
Attend Activities
Meeting
Must Have Red Or Grefen Stickers All registered cars ate mai’ked with either red or green stickers on the windshield. Green stickers are issued to student cars which are properly insured, and red stickers aie given to those who do not carry insurance. Students should not ride ■fi cars which display red stickers.
DAR Will Hold
Annual Conference
Here Next Week
University Club Sets
Itete For Reception
Daughters of the American Revolution will hold their annual state conference October 13 and 14 at the Union Building. The program will be cut down to a business meeting lasting a day and a half, with only one speaker.
Approximately^ 200 freshmen attended the activities meeting for frosh in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union yesterday. This session was sponsored by fhe Activities Bureali and was designed to help orient freshmen in regard to University activities. Dan McKirnan, of the Activities Bureau, opened the meeting by talking about the values of an activity. He stressed the fact that a person should not go out for an activity because it has a good name, but rather for what he thinks he will get out of it and how he will like it. Later in the program, representatives of major campus activities explained many of the details of their particular groups. After each explanation an open foium was held at which freshmen were free to ask questions.
entries should be' sufficiently complete so that they can be used as working plans by the committee. The contestant should keep in mind that primary emphasis will be placed on the central theme, and that about 100 dollars is alloted for decoration expenses. Entries may be turned in at the Exponent office any time before the
deadline.
Homer Rodeheaver
Appears On Church Program Tonight
Cancellations
Students who desire to cancel courses without grade during the current term should so do before Thursday evening, October 15th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads df departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is gi^en. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. —DEAN OF MEN
Homer Rodeheaver, former song leader for Billy Sunday, will be at the Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette tonight at 7:30. Rodeheaver, composer of “Brighten the Corner Where You Are”, will be brought here by the Lafayette Christion Endeavor Union. There will be no charge for this meeting. A graduate of Ohio Wesleyan University, Rodeheaver was known for his cheer leading and singing while in school. He is an advocate of the"'^ more lively and somewhat revolutionary evangelistic church music. He believes that hymns should have a snappy, simple tune rather than the the stately classical tqnes so that they will appeal more to a wide rang’e of people.
Methodist Board of Foreign Missions from 1918 to 1924 and editor of the Christian Advocate during the year 1924-28. Having been a popular speaker on campuses throughout the country for many years, he has visited such colleges as Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Williams, Amherst, Wesleyan, Smith, Wellesley, and Mt.
University Library Posts New Book Titles In Pamphlet
NewlY acquired titles contained in booklet form have been recently posted on the Loan Desk Bulletin
Holyoke. Following this convocation Board and have also beem sent to he will give the Earl Lectures at about 260 members of the faculty, the Pacific Theological Semiriax-y Any students, group or faculty and the University of Califoimia. member wishing to receive these Luccock Known Also As Writer booklets may leave their names at Recognized not only for his the Librarian’s ofl^ce. speaking. Dr. Luccock is also known Latest statistics have shown that as a writer. He has had 15 books the University Libraries now have published since 1916, the most re- 168,171 volumes. However, this cent of which is “American Mirror number includes only the catalogued —Social and Religious Aspects of and bound material; many thou-
Contemporary American Literature.” Dr. Luccock was scheduled to apeak at the University last summei’; but was forced to postpone his coming due to illness; so this will be his first visit to the campus.
Beware, Ye Bashful Bachelors .
Meyei
Ceres Will Hold ^oW Oiggers Ball Tomorrow
ir To Address
Plant Physiologists
Next Tuesday
University Club’s first event of the year is a reception for the trustees to be held on October 21 at the Union Building. Invitations aie now being issued to all members. It is requested, by the officers, that all dues be paid by next Saturday for a budget must be prepared for other events to come dining the current year. Prof. C. S. Doan is president of the organization this year, with Clare A, Coolidge as vice-president and Dr. E. F. Degering, secretarytreasurer.
Regent Will Preside Dr. Clyde E. Wildman, president of DePauw University, will address the meeting on the opening night of the conference at which Mrs. LaFayette L. Porter, of Greencastle, state regent, will preside. All social features of the conferences aie being discontinued with the exception of the Officers’ Club dinner which will bo held preceding the opening of the conference.
Sleak Fry Tonight Birings Annual Corsage Contest
Dr. B. S. Meyer of Ohio State
sands of unbound pamphlets, bulletins, studies, documents and other useful references were not included in this number. It has been found that students seems to be taking their work moi e seriously through the increased number of volumes handled over the Loan Desk which boasted a fortythree per cent increase with a twenty per cent increase in the Reserved Book Room. Considex'able materiah has been secured relating to post-war problems, including The Free World, published in New York; the Bulle-
University will be the speaker at tift of the Commission to Study the
Union Will Sponsor
Ceres, honoraiy agriculture fraternity, will hold a steak fry at 4 tonight at the Soils and Crops farm. Summaries of extehsion work will be given by the men in charge of these extension jobs. Games will be played also. All students interested in agronomy are invited to attend this picnic, and tickets may be secured from any Ceres member or member of the agronmy staff.
Lutheran Students Plan Picnic, Fry
Mixer Saturday At 8:30
C. E. Dammon
Lutheran Student Association is planning a hike for Sunday at 2:30. Those planning to go should meet at the home of Rev. Stolldorf at 626 North Street. They will hike to Potter’s Hollow and will end the hike with a hamburger fry. Vesper seiwices will take place around the campfire. All Lutheran students are invited to come and bring their friends.
Saturday night’s mixer will have an added attraction this week. The tickets can be purchased for the usual $1.10, but instead of handing them in at the door the tickets will be kept until intermission time. At this time numbers will be drawn aiid the lucky people with corresponding' numbers on their tickets will be given a frqe ticket to any one of the future Saturday night mixers. As usual, Maury Mahn’s orchestra will provide the danceable music. Both ballrooms will be open from 8:80 to 11:30.
. . . director of admissions, will speak to the PTA at Bourbon, Indiana, tomorrow night on the subject of “The Adjustment of Secondary Schools to the War Effort.”
Expo School
Jiinior. members of 'the Exponent editorial staff will conduct a school for new freshman and sophomore workers this afternoon in iroom 305 of the Union. Instruction in Headline Writing will be given at 4 and News Writihg'praetlce will begin' at 5,
By Ruth Ford Like cement mixers, dogbiscusits ? If you men don’t, you’ll have to grin and bear it. You v^ill be exposed to both tomorrow night when the coeds hold their annual bid dance. Gold Diggers Ball. Campus queens are searching in closets, dime stords and junk piles for unusual corsages and modes of transportation for their dx'eam men. Girls Stop At Nothing Stopping at nothing to please their men Kappas are learning to fly for their Beta pin men, are giving lemons to their Phi Gam dates, and dog biscuits to the Sigma Chis. Some lucky man will receive a halo mantilla effect from his Alpha Xi date, while the Chi O’s are dressing their men as the lights of their lives. A prize will go to the most original. A cement mixer is the latest news in priority transportation, kiddie cars, wheelbari’ows, scooters and wagons are to be expected with the shortage on tires and gas. Treating their men as they rarely are treated many coeds are taking them out for dinner. The Residence Hall girls will entertain their dates
at home with a dinner in their honor. Rules of etiquette will be reversed as women hold doors for men, carry their paraphernalia, and light their cigarettes. Coeds Will be expected to treat their dates in the Sweet Shop or elsewhere as they wish. Now is the time for men to retaliate by bringing their shaving kits, shoe polish, cigars, pipes, or military brushes for the girls to carry. Now is the time for the men to keep their date waiting a half hour when they call for them. There will be nothing like it, so he-men get on the ball, thrn on the appeal, and get a date to the shindig. Voting for the most eligible draftee will go on in the evening." The prize is a deep, dark secret but it will be appropriate, according to Becky Ann Pervine who is social chairman of AWS and general chairman of the dance. Dick Cisne and his eleven piece college band will furnish the music for the grand melee this year as he has done for several yeai’s. Tickets are on sale now for $1.10 in charge of Mary Lu Sternberg, chairman of the ticket sales.
the fall dinner meeting of the University Section of the American Society of Plant Physiologists, to be held next Tuesday at 6:16 p. m. in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Dr. Meyer, who is the senior author of the text “Plant Physioldgy”, by Meyer and Anderson, has served in various official capacities in the American Society of Plant Physiologists. He will speak on “Water Re-
lations in Plants”.
Any interested persons are invited to attend this meeting. Heserva-
Organisation of Peace, and Agenda, a journal of reconstruction, published in London. All of this material may be seen and obtained in
the Periodical Room.
Juniors May Obtain Football Tickets Today
Today is the last day'alloted to issuing junior tickets for the ra-
tions for the dinner should be made maining home football games: Wiswith Dr. C. O. Lee, of the School of consin. Great Lakes and Indiana.
Pharmacy.
The sophomore tickets will be issued Monday and Tuesday of next week, and the freshman tickets Wednesday and Thursday. The football coupons must be signed and in the passport in order to receive the
tickets.
Ward D of the PlA is having its After the completion of the stufirst party this Saturday evening dent ticket distribution, the remainfrom 8:30 to 11:30 in the East Fac- Jer of the tickets will be placed on
Ward D To Hold Party Saturday
ulty Lounge of the Union. Radio dancing, card games, and other
games will be offered.
Ward D is bounded'^^ by South Street on the north and by Grant Street on the west. The river on the east and the city limits on the south are the other boundaries.
sale to the geneial public.
Coed Staff
Report to office at 4 this afternoon to work on coed edition. --CaATFIBH)Page: 2
Tiui^dtixO^
ijSfci
':r
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
K<»it^)r-5Ji-CIw<f News Editor MnnaciJifr Editor... Sports Ediior
\janaifer
John F. Amos Don .T. Brophy ..John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley
..Ken K. Gjemre
f'd Editor Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Edi.'orial SlafT: D. W, Ochciltree, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, r>. K. iviitz. VV’. G. Hoskins, R. W. BoswinkJe, K. Roqiieniore, S. iWnlf. Lip./rts Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C.
Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine
Business Staff
l .:0(1 Business Manager: Julia Martin. .advi-rl'srng M.anfiger.s: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J, Petty. C Irnihition Manager: G. H. KIoun)an. Aceou.nt.s Manager: Trena Torrenga. .luniur t tied Mon::gera: Ellen Clark, Jatie Keim.
The Purdue Independent’
r.clll'>r in-( hief Managing Editor Bo.e,'r.c 's Manager ... . ('oed Editor Advertising Manager, Aeeounls Manager Cireulalion Manager.
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler ...Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Heiidricks
Da
Staff For This Issue
ditnr: Rafert Sports Editor: Dawson D.r: Lauer Issue Editor; Vegh icr.s: Riggs, Holland, Parsons, Richardson, Tyson, Caylor, Donham, Lynch, Winslow, Tilton, Tuttle,
:in ac-cond class matter at the post office in Lafayinn. under llie act of Congress of March 3, 1879,. <■ !-p-cial rate of postage provided for in section of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. on Tuesday, T’hursday, Friday and Sunday morningB - y.tar. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a .r ?3.0() for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a ,r Srs.r.O for two semesters. .^n•.^•t-r; mailed subscription $1.60. iifd for national advertising by National Advertisf‘e, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 .Vo.i New Yoik, N. Y.
mSIIM6T0N Tm R*9 U i p4t OK Merry-go-ROUND
GRIN Al<«> BEAR fT
D^Liebty I Gas Rationing May Limit Student
By DREW PEARSON President's Advisors Become Concerned Over Problem Of Supporting Huge Arnry
Quotes
Exponent...
Sevciiil days ago the University Military Dipai i.ment received a letter from the Head(.!,an lier.s of the 5th Service Command located at Ft. Hayes, Ohio, wliich quoted several : lalcinents about the ROTC and Army and 2\a\y reserve enlistments which have app.Lared in recent,issues of the Exponent. The letter, which was sent to all P. M. S. and T. officers in the 5th Service Command , a,Teas, contained excerpts from the Sunday, Seotoinber 13, issue of the Exponent which .sunvmGd up Dr. Elliott’s opinion of the recent SLirnsoji statements. Also the letter reprinted (^a notice to sophomores from the September 22 jjapsr in which President Elliott urged them to enroll in the ROTC. In the articles quoted by the letter, Elliott r-taled tliat Stimson’s statemen did not change the situation except to show that the recruiting of manpower will be speeded up. Also he in end all students to sign up for the reserves and .' aid that some plan would be evolved to ..oli e the difficult problem of allocating the supply of trained men between v^ar industnes and military service. At the,close of the letter. Col. 'A. L. Fuller, CAC, Chief of ROTC Section, 5th Service ■Command, acting for the Commanding Genoi'al, stated “I believe that these statements lutve been very helpful to the Students at Pur,diio Univer.sity in orienting themselves with rcicrcrice to ROTC and the joint Army-Navy onli.sted reserve program.” Although this University holds a special advantage over the other Universities in this scrvici! command area in that our president j.-; serving on the War Manpower Commission, ive are proud that this officer selected quotalions from the Exponent to send to the ROTC uniis in lhi,s area. In the first place this shows that the military officials are reading the paper and secondly it brings out the fact that the infprmalion bdng presented in the Exponent about the Enli.sted Reserves and the ROTC is about as a.uthc-ntic and complete as can be found in i.ny college paper in the nation, A!IllQugh many students on the campus are inclined to .scoff at the statements on Enlisted Reserve printed in the Exponent, this letter should convince them that the Army considors thi.s paper a number one source of Enli.;.lr;'i Reserve and ROTC information. '1 heref'ore it seems unnecessary that the Military Department should have to request ilnd: Eiilisted Reserve stories be run and re- ] u;i in subsequent issues of the paper. If students would read the stories and realize that they were getting the best information available, they would save the Military Department, the Exponent and themselves a lot of iiouble when they begin to wake up and inquire about the Enlisted Reserve or the ROTC.—d.e.b.
WASHINGTON—Some of the President’s close advisers are getting more and more concerned over drafting a huge army and the simultaneous problem of supporting that army. They figure that the quest for manpower is going to get tougher and tighter, and that eventually we may find it a mistake to draft an army of 10,000,000 men—especially since we lack the means of getting them to grips with the enemy. White House advisers point to physicians as an example. Today the Army is plucking doctors from civilian life by all sorts of methods, first promising them commissions if they enlist, then threatening that if they don’t enlist they will be drafted. Students in medical schools have been taken in as reserve officers, and, in some cases, third year medical students who couldn’t pass the officers’ physical exam, are being drafted as buck privates—despite three years of medical training. The goal which the Army seeks is seven doctors to every 1,000 men, whereas the British have found the optimum figure to be four and a half. Result is that many,^mall communities find themselves without a doctor, and the situation wilT get worse. For at the rate of seven doctors per 1,000 men, a 10,000,000 man army will need 70,000 doctors and there are only 160,000 to 160,000 in the entire United States—of which only 105,000 are young enough for service in the Medical Corps. • Industrial Production Aside from doctors, industrial production is also affected. The bigger the army, the more production is needed, yet the less labor there is to provide it. This is the point which Donald Nelson and Paul McNutt hammered home to Army chiefs last week. Meanwhile bills have been drawn up by both the Manpower Commission and the War Department to draft all men between 18 and 65, and all women between 18 and 50 for national service. Congress, under these bills, will be asked to vote the authority to the President, who would then dispose of the manpower and woman power of the nation as he sees fit. He would be able to ti’ansfer any individual from one job to another, likewise compel acceptance of such transfers by employers. Local draft boards would retain their autonomy, thus giving them far more power in their communities than anyone ever anticipated.
Hitch Hiking Over )^eek-Ends
By Jim Richardson Gas rationing and the decreased use of tires will soon put a drastic cut in the ranks of University hitch-hikers. Many of the local eds have, in the past, depended entirely, on this mode of transportation as a means of getting home (or getting farther away from it). , ■ In those halycon days, notable feats in travel have been accomplished by the sole use of the thumb. Many eds left the ■ ^ I —: campus over week ends . be-
Personnel Notes
Companies to visit campus: Linde Air Products Company, Unit of Union Carbide and Carbon Corp., Tonawanda, N. Y.—October 8. Interested in Master’s, December
cause of the ease and inexpenr siveness that hitch-hiking afforded. In those days, because of this exodus on the week ends, a person could some times get a seat, in the movie by 9 if he started early. Now with most
and Apri) graduates in Chemistry, male students isolated in Lafayette Chemical knd Mechanical Engineer- for thfe week ends, think of. the coning. ditions. At least 300 extra eds will B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio-^ require entertainment. This may October 8. ' ' ^iso .swell the female population at Standard Oil Development Com- ’ ='"‘=11 affairs. Even the local “tea pany, Esso Laboratories, Elizabeth, should profit by gas rationNew Jersey, October 8. , '"S’ since they aren’t affected by
Vickers Incorporated, Detroit,: Michigan—-October 12 and 13. Inter-
ested in ME, AeroE.
“Of coui’se all 1 waa able to do this year was help pick peaches and corn, but next year I’ll probably be a flier and then will you marry me?”
“tea” rationing as yet.
Out-of-town football games will atso suffer in their attendance by University students. The era of the
Moirsanto Chemical Company, St. with, the coonskin \;ogt, a pen-
Louis, Missouri October 15. Gan- ^
by the age of the ed with a slicker,-
University Galendar
Thursday, October 8
■October 15. Can-
didates for PhD in Organic and Physical Chemi.stry.- Sign in Per-
sonnel Office by October 14. Naval Research Laboratory,
a thumb and a ride in someone else’s ear. Today, both of the.se have been outmoded by the felloiv with a gab-
Washing'ton, D. C.—October 10 and' ardine coat and a bicycle. The col-
17. Interested in Sci, EE, Mi'L MetE. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts-^Octobor 20.
•lege hitch-hiker’s ora is fast waning. ^
8:00 3:0.0 6:00 7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30
A.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M.
Extension Workers Conference So. Ballroom, Union Screen Review ...Hall of Music Civil Engineering Staff. Old Chestnut Rm., Union AJ.M.E. Meeting ' :.... Camera Club Meeting. ...Room 304, Union Ag'r. Education Room 212, Union Playshop—For Milit. Off. & Staff.... Eliza Fowler Hall Thomas Say Entomology Society.... Room 103, Ag. Hall
Indian Boiling Point
Sticks, SijupjiA.
Norman Riise
. . . M.E. ’39, notified Dean Knapp in a recent letter C at he i.s now a member of the Flying Squadron of (be Navy aboard the U, S. S. Wa.sp. Knapp said i):a( J{ii:'e may be'reached by mail through the Po.stiiiurter, New York, N. Y.
L'cuL Hale Jewett
' . . .’U'nd Mis. Jewett have returned recently from i’ert Biagg, North Carolina. Lieut. Jewett is to be an instructor in the Military Department, Mrs. Jewett is the former Jean Gwin.
India gets little play in the press, but behind the scenes it is a source of growing concern among highly placed Washington officials. The U. S. Government has been keeping its official mouth shut, but privately officials are boiling over. Here are some of the reasons: 1. Gandhi is held incommunicado in prison. Indian leaders who have expressed a desire to see him to effect a compromise plan, have been denied admission. No report of his condition are published. He could even be dead without the public knowing of it. ,2., L. S. Amery,l Secreta,gy of. State for India, is following a reactionary course and is the man behind Churchill’s intransigeance. 3. Even Indian officials appointed by the British are restive. The Agent General for India in Washington, Sir Girja Shankar Bajpai, cannot see State Department officials without asking the British Embassy to arrange an appointment, and thus putting, himself in a position, of reporting to the Embassy the nature of the interview. 4. During a recent report to the House of Commons, in wliich members told that Indian mobs were machine-gunned from airplanes, conservative members cheered. Washington is still keeping hands off. But some of them are wondering how long'? ® Capital Chaff Justice Jimmy Byrnes’ appointment as Economic Stabilization czar is another backstage triumph for sage old Bernie Baruch. Both South Carolinians and close friends, Byrnes will reflect Baruch’.s view.s and experience as industrial czar in the last war . . . The War Department’s new Pentagon Building in Arlington, Va., is supposed to be the biggest in the world. At any rate it is so big that the other day when Major Gus Ring couldn’t locate his car, he hired a taxi and spent 25 minutes cruising around the building to find it. . . . One U. S. general, returning from London, reported that the waiting policy of the British in Africa reminded him of the Union generals in the War Between the States who dallied in Washington, wondering what Lee would do next. • Oil Runs Diplomats , More than anyone realizes, the powerful hand of the big oil companies has adroitly reached into Washington, even upder the watchful eye of .big businc.ss critic Petroleum Coordinator Ickes. There was a time during the Hardihg-Coolidge administrations when the State Department twas the chief chaippion of the oil companies, especially abroad; when Secretary of State Kellogg wrote high-flown notes to Mexico warning that she was on trial befpre the world for expropriating U. S. oil properties. But now the State Department champions a square deal to Mexico—much to the consteination of the oil men who have infillrated into the Government. Recently the State Department proposed sending an economic mission to Mexico to study closer cooperation with our neighboring ally against the Axis. On the mission it appointed an outstanding oil expert, William J. Kemnitzer of Laguna Beach, Calif., to study Mexican oil. Kemnitzer had lived in Mexico, once worked as resident geologist for the Mexican Candelaria Company ; also for Shell Oil; and for the U. S, Government in lawsuits over U. S. Naval oil reserves. But he had made the unforgivable mistake of writing a book, “The Rebirth of Monopoly”, plus other articles and books critical of the big oil companies. So when it was learned that the State Department planned to send Kemnitzer to Mexico, Deputy Petroleum Coordinator Ralph Davies of Standard Oil of California, and his aide William Duce, objected vigorously. They pulled the wires so effectively that Cordell Hull, though usually resenting outside interference with his Department, finally yielded, Kemnitzer did not go to Mexico, Instead the State Department is sending him to examine the oil situation in Chile where big U. S. oil companies are not .so interested. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Today's Screen Reviev/ News—7 min - - .3:00— Unusual Occupations—11 min....... .3:07— Calling All Girls—20 min ...3:18— Tre Greenie—11 min. 3:38— Leo Reisman’s Orche.stra—10 min ...3:49— Quick Returns—10 min. ...3:59— Village Smithy—8 min. ,...4:09— Battle of Midway—18 min. ......4:17—Oiit
4:35 •4:42 •4:53 5:13 •5:24 5:31 5:44 5:52
Interested in EE, P.SE, ME, Pliy.sicists. Perfect Circle Company, Hagri'stown, Indiaiiii—^OctoijcT 1(5. Curtiss-Wi iglit (4)rpora(ieii, Pa;;saic, New .lersey—OiM.oher 10,. 20 and 21. Tennes.sec Valley Anliimily, 'vVilson Dam, Alabama-• Oe'l:i..ber 2!) aiid 21. Interested in chemist;;, nr dici’.fical engineers. .
Placement Notes For Women
Yale University, School of Nursing, New Haven, Connecticut, which admits only women who have obtained baccalaureate degrees, is accelerating its program. A training course is being planned for next spring, to begin possibly in Mai'ch or April, and applications are being received now. At the end of 28months’ training, the student will receive her Master of Nursing degree. Anyone interested should consult the Placement Service for Womeii in the Executive Building for further details. ‘
DOUGLAS SHOES $5:50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West Lafayette
Wabash Railroad Company, Decatur, Illinoi:^. Interested in M.E., E.E- Sign in r’ei':ionn(4 Olilce by Wedtunulay, Oetoio'r 7. National Radial or Company, John;;town, Penn:;ylvani:i. Interei^Led in Ch.E., Met. e!, M.E., P Sign in Personnel Office liy Satin day, October 10.
MAlf
•TODAY - TOMOROW.
,■#“
'if,
•)Thursdq^, October 8, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pag^ i
Boilermakers Seek Margin In Northwestern Series
Cross Country Team Opposes Indiana Here Indiana’s cross country team will be the guest of the Boilermaker squad m a dual meet this coming Saturday afternoon at 1 30 The Riveter team has been undefeated in dual competition in the last eight starts, and was the winner of the Big
Ten championship last year
The Crimson team promises to be very tough as it has not been hit very hard by graduation or by the draft The most Ji^esler who has been out of action outstanding man for Indiana because of illness Roach and Sew IS Earl Mitchell, last year’s na- aid the boys who placed fiist and tional AAU champ, who is al- lespectively foi the local
team against Illinois last week are expected to turn in good times again this week Lynch Ashwell Hen
Varsity, Freshmen Cagers Work Out Under Lambert
S
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
Riveter Squad Faces First Test 1^ In Big Ten Opposition Saturday
Eveiy evening m the Fieldhouse, Ward “Piggy” Lambert, is drilling his hardwood candidates for the
Well, it’s time we retreated far out on our weekly limb, so we 11 pick a few winners to be for Saturday’s approaching contests We’ll start out by backing out onto a particularly slender branch with a woodpecker operating gt itb base, and forecast the afternoon
in Dyche Stadium
After the dismal showing Qf the Boilermakers against an undersized
’42 ’43 varsity “Piggy” has but five but mighty bunch from Vanderbilt, the Wildcats rule in nearly every men returning from last year’s var corner as heavy favorites to help the Riveters make it three in a row sity They are “Duffy” Friend, Al (defeats) Elmer Burnham’s crew has given experts witnessing their Menke, Rudy Lawson, Jack Swantz, playing the impression that they are a ponderous, slightly awkward and and Howard Hoffman, all of whom slow machine that can be hard to handle when it gets going, but is not
saw service on last year’s crew too hard to keep from starting
ways a strong contender in distance runs Also outstanding for Indiana is sophomore Tom Judge who Will be remembered for his spectacular performances as a freshman last year It is expected that ludge will more than fill the vacant shoes of Campbell Kane Additional supjrort is to be g lined from Labodoka a very good two mrler, and from Kendell a veteian
miler
Duesler Back The Riveter squad will be strong
and Kinder are also expected to turn in good performances Freshmen To Compete Following the vai s ty meet the freshman squads of the two schools aie going to have then own contest Ihis part of the meet is likely to be veiy interesting as the perform-* ances of the fri shmen have not been closely followed and it is possible that some of their times may equal or even surpass the times turned in
Hoffmaii IS the only senior coming
back
The majority of the candidates belong to the sophomore class Of these, Eddy Ehlers, Jack Kennedy, and Bob Morris have shown up well Ehlers is a protege of Johnny Wooden, former Boilermaker All American and now coach at Cen
We a^ree that the Boilermakers will have a rough afternoon in Evanston if they play the variety of ball that they exhibited against Vanderbilt last week We don’t think that they will The Boilermakers have been working hard this week, but that alone won’t solve their problem, as anyone who was a spectator at Dudley Field last week Will tell you. It’s a matter of spirit—they looked dead on their feet and methodical No team can ^lay better thaii mediocre ball
under those conditions
We have a hunch that the team that goes out on the field in Gold and
tial of South Bend Kennedy is a Black Saturday will have the spirit and pep to move fast, react swiftly.
ei because of the leturn of Chuck by the vaisity members
makes ffipe /ienc/im supp
ULTRA FINE "
Write for chart picturing 18 beautiful all-smooth models, telling benefits oj Marvelous Patented Filter Also same styles, all-etched, with Eagle or'^V” engiaved PATRIOTIC EMBLEMS specially designed Jormen in service as well as civilians . fym Demuth & Co / c N Y y: j 1
hulking, SIX foot hook shot artist
Freshman Working Out
Of this year’s freshman crop, Charlie Haag, Jack- Vaughn, Jim Ertel Jim Hinga Clay Moody, Max Biggs and Tom Brower are now working out with the varsity Haag starred at center and forward dur ing his high school career at Bosse of Evansville Vaughn played at Jefferson of Lafayette, while Ertel did service for Tipton and the In diana All Stars Jim Hinga hails from North Side of Fort Wayne Clay Moody formerly of Burris of Muncie was also a member of this year s All Star squad Biggs cen teied for Jeff and was one of the leading scorers of the North Central Conference Tom Brower starred for Bull Friddle while attending South
Side of Fort Wayne
and take advantage of all the opportunities they lost in previous con
tests
No one can overlook Northwestern’s power and speed They have a good passing attack, the Riveters’ nemesis so far this season, and their kicking handled by lion Buffmire is something to worry about Their 3 0 triumph over the Texas Longhorns bespeaks a tough defense Altogether we haven’t any business picking Purdue on the basis of anything but a huit!|;h We have the hunch, and we’ll take Purdue « Looking around at some of the other possibilities for the coming week end we find Ohio State meeting and we think taking Southern Cal Minnesota, fresh from a heart breaking 7 6 defeat at the hands of the high powered Iowa Cadets will go on the field facing Illinois The Illini have a high scoring aggregation this year if their first two starts against South Dakota and Butler are any indication Peisonally we wouldn t want to be on that field on anybody’s side but Minnesota Indiana should take Nebraska without too much difficulty, unless the defeat by the Buckeyes has punctured their morale The Iowa Cadets are too tough for Michigan or anybody else if they can beat the Golden Gophers Pitts surprised the general public with their 20 7 triumph over South ein Methodist last week but well take Great Lakes again this week
An expected and much welcomed Wisconsin meet? a tough crowd from Missouri but not as tough as the
Badgers Despite then defeat by Georgia Tech, Notre Dame looks like a g-ood bet to beat Stanford That s enough pure guesswork for one night INTRAMURALS
The following Ward Tennis Singles must lyeil II uisday even i fc October 8 at
4 15
addition to the freshman ranks will be Kenny Anderson of Warsaw An del son a lad of six foot four, was the state’s leading scorer averaging 14 7 points n game As yet, Kenny hasn t reported for practice but he 15 expected to do so this week
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
1 R chard Lentz vs T arry Millor 2 E Johnson vs J Jackson i rct,Gkr vs Jl ’Vlanj.an 4 Dud/ nsl vs J Albert The folio V n piactice To ichball frames w 11 be I 1 yed by the frat r t cs on Thurs V vtn 11. Oclol er 8 at 4 1
Field
1 Acac a vs Phi Kappa Psi Umpiie
B OSS
2 Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Umpire
LAUmRYf-YES!—| -^But Laundry Problems? NO!
Even a Freshman soon learns how to handle Laundry Problems—just send your laundry home by Railway Express—and have it returned to you the same w^.
You 11 find It s really no problem at all
Low rates include pick up and delivery at no extra charge, within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns Your laundry can be sent prepaid or collect, as you choose Psst' Send and receive baggage, gifts, etc the
same convenient way f
Railwa^Express
AGENCY INC.
NATION WIDE RAIL AIR SERVICE \
Ceaser
Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta Umpire Musselman Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Delta Theta Umpire Rodgers Alpha S gma Ph vs Lambda Chi Al phd Umpire Emerson Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Sigma Umpire Maiozick Beta Sigma Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho Ump re Hawkins 8 Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Tau Delta Ump re C Hess 9 Delta Chi vs Delta Upsilon Umpire
J Rudasics
10 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Triangle Um pire S Rudds cs 11 Phi Kdppn Tau vs Theta Xi Umpire
Herman
12 PI 1 Sitma Kappa vs Theta Tau 13 Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha The finals in the Fraternity Softball w 11 be I layed Th irsday even n&. October 8
at 4 Id
D amo d 1 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta Theta U JUGS Bu Sint and Shook
Faculty Bowling Sept 28 Oct 2 1942
Agr Chem 1 P It y C v 1 Engr Ati Entr Engli h Execut ve Hoiticulture Genenl Enti Elee Engr Rec tation Atr Chem 2 Chem Engr Chemistry 2 B oloty Dairy Chemistry 1 Meeh Lngr Ati Exp Sta Physics A„ron my 1 Animal H isb Naval Ir Sta C nual Stores I oiestry Spe ch Rud o Engr Arn y 1 harmaey Atr Chem '3 Ati Extension 1 hysical Plant Ati nomy 2 High Team Sets Di iry Rad Enti Physics 1 nglish High Team Games Atr Chem 1 Daily
The Riveter’s unpredictable gridiron squad, still an unknown factor m football form charts after two strenuous intersectional trials, will be battling to find its true level as it faces Northwestern’s favored Wildcats at Evanston on Saturday in the Big Ten opener for both elevens The Boilermakers, long a Wildcat nemesis, were distinctly impressive against Fordham's I Sugar Bowl champions m the season’s opener, but unable to untrack themselves against Vanderbilt in the first invasion of the South last Saturday The Riveter’s ill-concealed and perhaps none too well founded hopes of springing an upset, that would give the Boilermakers the leadership in the all time senes with Northwestern, are based on a return to some resemblance of the offensive form that was displayed against Fordham The same combination that appeared sluggish and listless m Nashville s sultry southern heat last Saturday displayed) a crisp attack, marked by decisive blocking the week previous For this game, John Andretich, junior right halfback who formerly starred at Mt Carmel high school in Chicago will serve as acting captain for the Riveters Thus far Andletich, who tips the scales at 190 pounds, has completed five out of eight aerial attempts against Fordham and Vanderbilt for a gam of
93 yards
Aenal Defense
Building up an effective aerial defense occupied the main attention of the coaches in yesterday’s senmmage session An analysis of the statistics of the two intersectional losses reveals that while the sturdy Boilermaker line has been functioning well against running plays, inability to knock down the opposition’s passes has been responsible for most of the Riveters’ grief Against Fordham, the Boilermaker front line was dented for only 112 yards, but the Rams picked up 165 yards and both of their touchdowns via the aerial route Last Saturday, Vanderbilt’s speedy backs eluded the Riveter tacklers for about 116 yards, but the Commodores completed 13 of 23 passes for 187 yards to set the stage for their
four touchdowns
Emphasis On Speed, Deception Besides the aerial defense, Coach Elmer Burnham was placing emphasis on speed and deception in the well conceived attack that he is planning to spring on Northwestern Burnham frankly admits that he doesn’t know what to expect The necessity for sharper, cleaner tackling was also stressed by the coach as he quipped “It s hard to play football without the ball If we don’t stop Northwestern better than
John Andretich
AGRs, Phi Delts Meet In Softball Finals Tonight Intramural softball hostilities will officially cease this afternoon with the Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Delta Theta teams battling it out for the fraternity championship The game will begin at 4 00 on the Number 1 softball diamond Both teams have been playing consistent ball They ranked high in the softball standings all sum mer and since the start of the fall term haven t lost a game Undefeated With six regular season wins and no losses to then credit they en teied the playoffs and continued then winning ways up until the present time In the playoff semi finals the AGRs triumphed over the Sigma Nu team and the Phi Delts beat the Pi Kappa Alphas to win the chance for a direct crack at the
title
Dale Blitz, who has led his team to the bulk of then victories will start on the mound for the AGRs
Opposing him will be Ed Ehlers j j j
, , r , , T IX 1, 7 T-T.1 we did, Vanderbilt, we won t need to strikeout artist Incidentally, Ehlers , , , . „
wni rv nhniir nm nwri ripfonco ”
11 2781 2777 2768 2 43 1004 )7C
was a member of Pop Doan s Iresh man team last spring in addition to playing regular thud base for the
Lafayette Red Sox
B ology Radio El J,!* High !nd Sets levs Ciark W I Gibbens Burns High Ind Games C rt b J I I cwis D W Bred H n lerson Mungei High Team Set To Date Poultiy High Team Game To Date General Lngi High Weekly Ind Game D W Uwb J r Curtib Hifeh Weekly Ind Sets To Date I wis Li k y FIl kei High Weekly Ind Games To Date Curtis Conn lly Be rs
619 d53 46 o30 213 213 210
no 679 5 4 •’42 228 223
How YOU can help her speed vital war calls W HFN you’re about to telephone, remember that the wires—especi illy Long Distance circuits—are busier than ever bcloie, with war calls Wc can’t build new equipment to carry the load because lire materials we need are going into ships and planes and shells Here’s how you can help to keep the lines open lor . war calls Unless your message is really urgent, please don’t use Long Distance service. But il you must, please make youi calls as shoi t as you can. Thanks'—we know you’ll he glad to help'
CAU$ CO/Ki mSTf
DO YOU KNOW THE BOWLING SLANG Perk your ear and listen to these choice hits: “DOUBLE PINOCKLE” “BROOKLYN HIT” “THREE HORSEMEN” “NEW YORK HIT” “CHERRY” I Come lo tlie PURDUE UNION and play this fascinating game! It’s fun! It’s worth your money!
JhsL fiwidusL'W.mufxiaL lAmmc Jiist take a walk through the building!
worry about our own defense The forward wall, which was rebuilt from end to end this fall, will probably remain the same combi nation that appeared against Fordham and Vanderbilt, although Otto Huirle, promising sophomore, may replace Alex Leugo, senior veteran center, who injured his knee at Nashville The backfield will likewise probably be much the same, with either Kenny Smock or Bob Chester at left halfback. Bob Hajzyk at quarterback, John Andretich at light halfback and Bill Buffing-
ton at fullback
In order to have as much practice as possible, the Boilermakers will not leave heie until after a light woikout Friday afternoon, arriving in Chicago early m the evening The game will be broadcast direct from Dyche Stadium by WBBM, Chicago John Han ington well known sports anncmncei will be at the microphon'e The broadcast will start at
1 45 o flock
Pie game headquarters will be established at the Edgewater Beach Hotel where the foity ninth annual dinner of the Purdue Club of Chicago will be held Saturday night at 6 30 Tentative plans have been made to allow the squad to remain over m Chicago Saturday night and attend the Bear game Sunday after noon before letuimng to Lafay-
ette
Notice We are yet badly m need of Intramural Officials, especially tor Touch Football Anyone having had any experience m officiating and wisfimg to help officiate m Intramurals, please notify the Intramural Office, Tel. 2875, leaving your name and the evenings you are free to work these games.
GREETING CARDS FDR ALL OCCASIONS
Atroaa Fruui Umou Red ba uuoms >3 Udo4^^
. • II.
I
Purdue Exponent
Tlmrs3ay,> OiitbbeP 8^ 1942
A.
Red Cr(»s Olfen Slide Rule Lectures In Nutrition Attract 700 Students
The Tippecanoe County Nutrition CoiMIliittee announces the fall cOureess irr initrition and canteen work to be given by the School of libme Economics of the Umveisity Thtose who have had a course m nutrition recently ale eligible foi the Bed Gross canteen couise Two types of nutiition courses will be offered One will be given in cooperation with the Red Ci oss and Will be for those who have nevef had any nutrition woik, or who want a refresher couise The second is for those who have recently had nutrition and who want to help in teaching it to adult gioups in the com inuihty Methods of piepaiing and presefttifig nutrition matenal to lay groups will be emphasized, with some opiwntunity foi observation of actual classes The filst meeting for all of these classes Will be held on Fiiday at 3 p m in the Home Economics Building at the University At that time each class will decide on the day and time of meeting
Scholars
(Continued from page 1) R H Cornell, 6 03, Wl C Hsiao, 5.69, J R McWhorter, 6 34, E H Neese, 5 85, J H Tillotson, 6 64, D. K Todd, 5 54, W E Van Horne, 5 5, P A Millei,5 81, M L Millei, 5 58, L J Remmeis, 5 65 Sophomores C M Bush, 6 23, L J. Haigerty, 5 82, R Hansen, 6 1, C H Stockman 5 75, J W Claik, 6 03, J P Costas, 5 99, R E King, 5 66, M. J Sehneidei, 5 69, T J Wail, 5 82, H H Wormsei, 5 88, E G Fingl, 5 7, K L Lumpkin, 5 61, M 0 Kahn, 5 53, M C Siegler, 5 92, F K Levin, 6 29, H F Miller, 5 75, D J Ragsdale, 5 83, H B Shaff, 5 6 Juniors D E Butz, 5 91, M M Goff, 5 95, W Resniek, 5 82, A E RSyPolds, 5 85, K G Roquemore, 5 52, M Sacks, 6 09, G P Siu, 5 5, R L Stein, 5 86, P H Macqueene, 555, G K Beinhaidt, 5 57, D E Hart, 5 55, W E Rafert, 5 52, C R St Clair, 5 6, L Suss, 5 55, S R Beall, 5 88, L Baughei, 5 58, V L MacDonald, 5 5, C R Wood, 6 26, H J Wilkins 6 15 Seniors A W Hubei t 6 02 D W Meier, 6 04, G R Coopei, 5 92, J H Aimstiong 6 23, W K Bumside, 5 79, M A Widmei,5 71,D L Kline, 5 55, and M F Robinson,
5 56
Theta Tau announces election of the following officers for next year Bob Winner, Regent, Cail Andioff, Vice Regent, Joe Kotarsk, Secietaiy, Harry Schwartz, Treasuiei, Douglas Baker, Marshall, Bob Isacke, House Managei, Geoige Dicks, Athletic Managei Dr. J. Hoimes Martin head of the poultry depait iment, will speak to the Poultiy Science Club tonight in room 304 of the Union Di Martin will explain the “Bottlenecks in the Poultry Industry” All interested are invited to attend
SDX Members Please turn all dance tickets or money gathered therefrom in to me immediate!} —HOSKINS
Appi oximately 700 students have attended tho^ first two slide rule instiuctibn lectures given by Pi of J A Arnold and Prof F D Martin Theie aie four general lectuie topics with both Prof Arnold and Pi of Martin lectuiing on each topic Lectures undei the direction of Prof Martin are given in room 101 of the Education Building on Tuesdays at 7 p m and Thursdays at 4pm Prof Arnold’s lectures are given on Monday and Wednesday afternoons at 4 p m in the fiist floor lectuie room of Michael Golden Shops Beginning today the second topic, entitled “Squaies, square roots, and cube roots”, will be taken up and four lectures will be given> Doling the following two weeks, “Trigonometric scales” and “Raising numbers to fractional poweis and use of log log scales” will be dis cussed All engineers, especially freshmen, are urged to attend these lectures since the material discussed will be of value to them in their advanced years of engineering, and the chance to learn it latei may not be available Barbara Man-Of-War Sold At Fairgrounds Barbara Man 0 War Oimsby, Holstein cow, consigned by the University topped the Indiana Holstein sale held at the Tippecanoe County Fair Grounds yesterday Barbara Man 0 War Oimsby brought $460 and was purchased by Fagaly Brothers of Fithian, 111 A day old calf of this cow brought
$160
PATRONIZE EXPONENT advertisers
Daily Health Service Report Admitted in the Home Hospital for medical tieatment last Tuesday were C J Dueslei, junior, agriculture, and R A Resnik, fieshman, engineering On the same day the St Elizabeth Hospital admitted E C Pacholski, sophomore, engineering, and Betty J West, senior, home economics, for medical treatment Last Wednesday the St Elizabeth Hospital admitted Jeanne BUckman, senior, home economics, foi surgical treatment, and F J Laskey, freshman, engineering, for medical tieat-
ment
Last Tuesday the St Elizabeth Hospital discharged, from medical tieatment, C M Malanowski, freshman, engineeiing, and V A Milloy, fieshman, engineeiing Last Wednesday the St Elizabeth Hospital discharged, from medical treatment, M N Jones, junior, engineering, and C J McCormick, freshman, agriculture John Coffman, sophomore, engi neering, entered the St Elizabeth Hospital for medical tieatment, last Saturday Sara Mae Graham ’42, has been appointed home demonstiation agent in Daviess County with headquarter at Wash ington, after serving as assistant home demonstration agent in Henry County Miss Graham succeeds Ruth Maddock, 40 who resigned her position to get married Pi Kappa Alpha social fiateimty, announces the election of the following officer s William A Fleming, president, Thomas N On, vice president, Rob eit E Donaldson, tieasiiiei, Geoige T Gay, secretary, and Roy H Kirk, house managei
Notices
Aeromodlcrs Important meeting in room 80 of the Union at 7 30 p m on Thursday October 8 An election wiU be held Plans for tho lating systems of contests will be discussed A club piojcct will also be dc cidcd upon Everyone make an cltort to be present —SMITH English and Speech Conditional E!xams Examinations foi the i cm ival of conditions in English and Spc ch will be given on Saturday afternoon October 10 from 1 to 4 in Room 201 University Hall Removal of condition cards obtainable it the Lng iish Office should bo properly filled out and the $2 00 fee paid prior to the examination
- CREEK
Enlisted Reserve Corps All male students aie reminded that enlistments in the FRC must be completed by Dec H or the end of the frcsl man ytrir whichevei date is later AppUeints should apply now m lOom B 4 of tho Armory in < rder that enlist ments may be completed before the close of the yen —GRAHAM History Gov and Econ *C Removal Examinations for tin icmoval of conditions and incomiileles in II st Econ and Gov will be held on Sat Oct 10 at 1 p m in room 313 of the lecitation building Appli
cation must be made in advance
—ESTEY
Union Workers Members of various com mittoes have been selected as follows Personnel W Bsir W Cook J Cor nellr N Dcnby R Blake J Flanagan B fansinj. R Martin I Merkel N Pierce C Iingiy L Remmeis N Robeitson G Slater S Snyder 7 Wismar R Cimmings — GEF and HII LER Recreation H AppeJ L Caldfrelli J Craig V Georj^e j G )S J Illyeis J James J 1 nes 1 Nygren P Patrick R Stallings I lilhtson J Wcinb rg P Savage R Kaethans —NELSON and IlUl CHINS Publicity V Armstrong E Bell imy P Det Ive r E Uly J Embiy C Goolman K Hilahd J Klicn R U h J McMuiiy C M ly 1 Rt benl oen i, J Stalhi us B Swanson D Boston B Dickey I RICR an 1 KAl Tl R JOHN Camera and Clubs B Billica R Blake R Collistcr K Gannon A Giay T Holton A Kaplan T Kctclam W Kiniict M Me Culkugh R Mathi L Reman B Van Camp I Millholin L Bi hop —PURMAN Browsing Room B Burch I Conn W rihfrit C Ehvaid B Hipskin 1 I Jenkins A MeK nzic C Neper M Reyit Ids T Sclnitt R Sounour L Smith B Van Veld G Wdmble C Kicger
-KIES TER
Music Room and Reception P Blakely W Bicwer B Gantiey H Cu ry S Form ica I Hams P Hub i R K ol i B Pi ce B f re 1! R Simuelscn I Smith R Bodley I Ciayb 11 MArDONM D Defense M Bowlby R Cle rw il r B Gu taf on I\I Ivoi le 1 B K d j C N i ke M Paj liarulo W Piiolty D Smith C Snyder J Span lit H Wlit C Wcol Wc-i 1 J Wooling J Hill bru It — CHAPMAN and SIFCIER Committee membeis pie is heck bulletin board for loom assitnmenl
AIME Iftlk by Prof Solbcrg on MetalEl Used for High Tempeiatuie Steam on Thursday Octobei 8 at 7 30 in the West
Faculty Lounge of the Union
-SOHALLIOL
MT 5 The following students are re
quested to report to Sgt Dillmnn in the supply room to be measured for Advance Course
uniforms at the earliest possible time J M Bahner D C Burns S I Cownan F N Grail H G de Biuyn G P Glunt M K Lynch W L Morgan D J Nadolski G E Nelson J D PesCok Gl Peirce W C Reckman —BROWN Army Air Corps Applicants All students
who lave applied for mctccrology tiaining with the Army An Corps and have not yet
been enlisted or who deSiie to ^pply con tact Capt Graham in the Armory Enlist
ments for Mcteoiulouy iraining close on
Ihuisday October 16 GRAHAM Alpha Pin Omega All actives intending to go on the hike Saturday Octobei 10
must contact Weaver (i hone 5118) by
Thursday — BENDER WAA Rifieiy bcgini^ Mondqy October 12
All house and hall spoils representatives let me know by ihursday October 8 wjnch day your group wish s to shoot Meets will be held at 6 30 p m Monday through
Ihutbday OcUbei 12 16 inclusive
—WIIBUR
Alpha Phi Omega Pledging ceremonies and in import nt business meeting irtclud ing dibcuss >n f f the forthcoming hike Sat ui lay October 10 will be held m rorm 304 ot the Union Puesday October G at 7 30 1 m BLNDER All Students Anyone having or knowing the whereabouts of Debris paper cutter please return or infoim us immediately It disapicaied the n ght of Piveter RnSsel elections — BALL Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet t All mcmbeis are uigcd to be present at the meeting Thursliy evening from 16 td 8 —PACKARD Fraternity Presidents Dinner meeting at Lambda C hi Alpha Thursday October 8 Fine for bsonet RIDER All Students As long is the supply 1 ists 11 yone may >bt in i coi y of the tentative diuetory cf usident st id nts by calling f 1 It at tl e Regi tiars office
—SaONL
Newman flub Ihe monthly meeting and bre ikfast will be Sunday Octobei 11 after the J 30 Miss in St Marys Gym All Cath he bt i nt u invited Membcishixs will be sold at the entrance to the ‘•chool —GOODMAN Ceres Members selling tickets for steak fiy tin in money to Rogoi Euler by noon Thursday October 8 —LEMASTER I ufheran Students Meet at the h me of Rev Stolldorf at 2 30 p m Sunday Octo be 11 foi hike to I otter Hollow -WALI ACE POMM lo gh initiition Saturday Octo lei IJ it 1 in the Aunoiy —JACKSON Removal of (onditiunals In AM 21 and 22 A i t iiat on f i the icmoval oL con d tions in AM 21 an i AM 22 will be given ir 1 om 10 I II avilon Hall on Saturday Octol r 1 from 1 t( ip m See the iinlcibigned it nice —SANt)l RS
Kappa Psi There will be a meeting on Tuesday October 13 at 7 80 p m in room 268 of the Union Formal pledging will be Wednesday October 14 at 7 30 p m m room 268 of the Union —‘■MERRICK Militdrj' Ball Comnttttee Meeting Thursday October 8 at 4 16 p m m thfe Atmory
—JACKSON
Purdue Glider Club Meeting Thursday night October 8 at 7 30 m room 303 of the Union Both pledges and membeis attend —SHAKEL Triton There will be an open meeting and Bwim Tuesday October 13 All girls interested in Wimming are invited to at* tend —BROWNE Skull and Crescent Meet in front of the Union at 7 16 Thursday October 8 for the pop session —WELTY POMM Actives and Pledges Sign list on Advanced Military Bulletin Board by Sat uiday Octobei 10 if you are going to he banquet —DOUP Playshop Ushers and Ticket Takers There will be a short meeting Monday Oct 12 at 4 p m in Fowler Hall I lease be thole if you plan to usher or take tickets for Cuckoob on the Hearth
—DFLONG
Poultry Club There will be a meeting fhuisdny October 8 at 7 10 p m in loom 304 (f the Union Ihe speaker will bo Di Malm Refreshments will be served Plans will also be made for the Poultry ^Judging Contest which is op n to all Agiicultuie stud nts Prized will bo given b ythe Poul try Science Club WILBUR Gimlcis and Reamers There will le a special Gimlet Roamci meeting following the pep session Thursday October 8 Cali Fraziei or Knote for details rRA2;iER and KNOTE Purdue Christian Foundation AU stu denis interested in turning out for either the east or the crew of the play The Neighbors to be produced November 1 repoit to 131 b Giant at 4 p m today Those who are interested but cannot report between 4 and 6 telephone 43 )3 —REYNOLDS Exponent There will be a meeting of the Town etc beat Friday afternoon at 4 16 in the Exponent office Peg Pirttr lack Abbott Becky Caylor Fllis Murphy Marion Donham June McGill Phylis Petry and Ed Hornaday bo there —BOSWINKLE Roger Williams i<oundation Slating pai-* ly at Maple Point Rink Saturdi y October 10 Meet at the Church cornoi of Columbia and Chauncey bts at 8 If p m Admission 25 cents Everyone welcome Come and bring youi fi lends —UI REY
POMM Active sftnd Plcdjfcs Ge*. tickets for the initiation banquet tee be held Tuesday October 13, al 6 p m frottt ^Cason Hunt Dodds Larson Wilson or Ddllp by Saturday noon, October 10 —^DpUP Student Engineers* Council lAiilortdnt meeting today at 4 p m Debn Po^r s office —YOUNGBLOOD
Classified Ads
i
Money to loan on diamonds, watohSs luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Oflioe, 407 Columbia Typewtiters—Adding jviacnines, all tnakea sold rented repaired and purchased Mim?^ ograph w6.k done C J EberanOff 60B Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779 Will pay cash for any oid or new u8^ bicycles Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern Jt Columbia
Programs, tickets and all kinds of printing at painless prices Kanes Flint Shop 401 S 29th St Phone 520B we are badly in need of boys Without one o clocks to wait banquets at Union Building If interested leave names in Union Cafe-
teria Office
Lost—Vest and gold watch
Phone 4330
Rewardi
Two men’s raincoats were interchanged at Theta pledge dance For arbitration phone '*026 Rooms for two boys Single beds One block from Union Phone 45892 Wanted—Girl to share apartment Call after 5 evenings TelepTione 83823 Wanted—Students interested in earning room and hoaid Call 7333 Ask for house manager
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTERS
416 MAIN
/
Doubler—The Two-Timing
Shirt
r.
7t
\
WANTA TINKER? equipment ail at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
The Arrow Doubler can be worn two ways — buttoned at the neck and witli a tic, for regular wear, or unbuttoned and without a tie for spoils and casual wear The secret lies in the ingenious convertible collar Like all Arrow shirts, Doubler has the Mitoga figui e-fit and bears tlie Sanfonzed label (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). See youi Arrow dealer for Doubler today. $2.50. Select some of those prize-wm-ning Arrow ties, too’ They can’t be beat’ $1 up.
■ “Coca-Cola is the answer lo thirst that adds refreshment. Your own experience tells you just what to expect. Ice-cold Coke has the hap-
STROLLER durioKirW'iV
emts
py knack of making thirst a minor matter...refreshment your foremost feeling. “And your own experience will prove this fact: The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola itself.”
i/
BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY Coca-Cola Bottling Co., Inc., Lafayette, Ind.
THIS IS A
TRADITION
Frances Denney once more offers her famous Preparations at a 20% discount. This annual opportunity... includes such favorites » as Make-up Accessories, Bath Luxuries, Treatment Preparations and also Gift Articles. 20% Discount Frances Denney Preparations
★★★★★★★★★★★ I Oian Mills Studio t
205 Fast Slate W lafajptte Phone 3413
★ BUY U. S. WAR BONOS ANO STAMPS *
■kit9c-kir-k-kirk-k'kie-k-k-kSi(''ji:-ki('k-k'k-k
ARROW SHIRTS
*THES • COLLARS-. H'ANDKiERCHIEFSJ. URDERVyEAR .^SPOrT SHIRTS ,
HOME OF SPOBTSWEHR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main St.
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
Come on Big Feet, Do Your StuffI Get goin' to buy a DEBRIS
$4.00 Up to
October 9