~,
if
' a
EDITORIAL ~ .Wants To Kr^ow i, place Of Civilians
U ratio j| Service Men Add So Much '%3.
Established 1889
Katey Dood It
Volume 56, No. 42
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, August 5, 1^3
Student Union Elects Woolling, Bowlby, Gannon
ASTP,V.12sToAclB.rto„ e™sp«* ^"£,'5^.
In V;iriAtlisc Peace III w d I I In I W ^ I I ww Right Honorable Harold H/Burton, Republican Senator
Booking of a comedian master of ceremonies and plans for ' a spectacular finale including 36 army, navj^ and marine men as well as members of the show have been announced by A1
Right Honorable Harold H/Burton, Republican Senator from Ohio, and Representative Robert Ramspeck, Democrat from the state of Georgia, last night addressed a group of approximately 150 Lafayette citizens assembled in the Jefferson high school auditorium on the subject “Post-War Planning.” > According to Representative Ramspeck, the first speaker of the evening, this war will cost ' ' —-—
the United States about 300 billion dollars. To secure a lasting peace it would be worth an equal sum. The citizens of this country should begin now to think about the planning of the peace after the war in order that when the time of final victory comes the public will be able to inform
Congress of the terms they desire crpwd of between 2500 and 3000 in the peace treaty. People who “really got in and played
ball,” according to A1 Stewart, di-
Following Mr. Ramspeck, Sena- University Musical Ortor Burton took the platform and ganizations. These attended and presented an address on how the participated in the Music Hall people of this countiy can influence sponsored by the Columthe peace treaty and what meas- ^ian Park Recreational Center
Tuesday evening.
After opening the sing with the “Star Spangled Banner”, the audience, led by Mr. Stewart, got into -the spirit of things by holding
then went on to say that there are, gi„gj„g <,j„ qW
Lt. Marvin Smith Returns To Star In Columbian Test Large and enthusiastic was the
MARY BOWLBY Executive
JOHN WOOLLING President
KATHLEEN GANNON Activities Head
ures should be Included in it. Said Senator Burton, in emphasizing the necessity of a lasting peace, “Nations can blunder into war; they can not blunder into peace.” He
A pile of beauty to warm a service man’s heart
Stewart, director of musical organizations, and J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, in connection with Victory Varieties. The show will be held Saturday starting at 8 p. m. in the Mu.sic Hall.
three roads to lasting peace: the road to internal stability; the road to hemispheric stability; and the road to world wide stability. Senator Burton concluded his speech by saying that we could do more towards winning the peace when the armistice is declared by feeding and giving medical aid to
Summer Time.”
During the rest of the evening, soloists alternated with group singing to keep the program moving at a fast pace. Soloists for the program were Caroline Wood, who sang “As Time Goes By,” “My Johann” and “The Sweetest Story Ever Told.” , Lt. Marvin Smith, former fea-
those nations which bore the brunt tured soloist with the University of the fighting then any show of Choir, sang “Thine Alone,” “Little
Just who the master of ceremonies will be is still a mystery, but plans for the finale are almost completed. It will include members of the army und navy glee club who will sing. Other members of the Varieties as the Byton dancers, the Malone singers and Saul Grauinan with his Musical Stair-Tones will also appear in the last act. Much of the action of the show will go on on the lift in front of the Stage, according to Ditamore. The lift will be used especially by the twelve Byton Danceis although other acts may be staged on it. New Acts The show will continue along the same linesTis the first Victoiy Varieties, although all acts except the Byton Danceis will be different. Other groups which will complete the Vaiieties are: the dancing team Lischeron and Adams, who will fill in here between the Walnut i oom of the Bismark Hotel and the Netherlands Plaza in Cincinnati; a trick roller skating act featuring the Two Speeds; and Professor Sly ter, comedy inebriate musician. Maurie Stein and his Chez Paree orchestra will provide the music. ^ 50 Cent Admission Charge An admission charge of fifty cents has been set on the show. Tickets may be purchased from the Cashier’s office, the West Desk of the Union, the Music offices in the Hall of Music, and Deac’s and Southworth’s bookstores on the west side. Glatz and Decker’s stores in Lafayette are also selling tickets. Victoiy Varieties will continue as a regular monthly feature if they are reasonably self supporting. 7th Term Engineers To Sign For Interviews Seventh semester eningeering students who wish to interview industrial representatives next semester are asked to designate their choice of companies at the personnel office before the eiub of the semester, according to Tj. F. Cason, assistant director of the personnel service. Btiidents who have thus designated their choice of company will be notified by mail when the interview will be scheduled and will be assured of the interview they desire.
Racial Unity Talk Tonight University students and their friends have been invited to a talk on Inter-racial understanding to be given today promptly at 7:30 p. m., at the Wesley Foundation Lounge by Perry ^aito, a Japanese-Ameri-can Minister from Tule Lake Relocation Center in Oregon. No fee will be charged. The Wesley Foundation is located on State Street across the street from the Union Building. A discussion in which members of the audience will pai’ticipate will follow the talk. A large turnout is expected in view of the timeliness of the subject. Mr. Saito is a distinguished lecturer and is now touring the state of Indiana. French Student To Go On Duty In U. S. Army Guy Besnard, .senior science student from France, leported for active army duty at Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indianapolis last Monday. Almost his entire family is “somewhere in France,” although he does not know where. He also has another sister, Mrs. Marion Penn, widow of a University alumnus in New Jersey. Besnard’s father is a French purchasing official, who has made several trips to the United States in the last few years. Besiuud will receive his diploma at the August 15 commencement. An Alpha Tau Omega man, he assisted in the University personnel division. The late Mai ion Penn, his brother-in-law, was a captain in the
first World War.
Triton Well Sponsor Mixed Swim In Gym Triton Club, the girls’ swimming honorary is sponsoring mixed swimming at the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium pool Friday night from 7:30 to 0. Suits and towels will'be iirovided. Outsiders are asked to bring a medical certificate. Men students can obtain admission by presenting their passports and
pay teir cents.
House of Dreams” and “The World Is Mine Tonight.” He came back later with “Little Gray Home in the West,” “If I could Tell You” and “The Jasmine Door,” always a favorite with" Lt. Smith’s audiences. Group sings included a number of old fashioned songs, and a tribute
for the coming semester: Robert E. to servicemen in which the crowd A. Davis, president; A. Daniel Ruth,' sang the official songs of the vari-vice-president; Robert W. Kropf, ous branches of the service, such as seci;etary. (See SONGFEST, Page 4)
arms or fancy peace treaty could
possibly accomplish.
Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers
Elliott Will Speak On Jown Meeting Of Air Tonight President E. C, Elliott will speak tonight at 8:30 on the national broadcast of the American Town Meeting of the Air series. The topic which will be discussed tonight is “Should Small Nations Keep their Pre-War Boundaries”. Dr. Elliott will take the negative side of the issue with Dr. Emil Lengyel, author, educator, and historian. Opposing them on the affirmative will be Norman Isaacs, of the editorial staff of the Indianapolis News and former editor of the Indianapolis Times, and Prince Hubertus Friedrich zu Lowensteinm, visiting professor, lecturer and au-
thor.
Dr. George V. Denny will be moderator for the broadcast which will originate in the Murat Theater. The program will be broadcast over station WISH in Indianapolis and wijl be picked upTrom the Blue network by station WBAA.
As a result’of the Student Union elections held Tuesday, John L. Woolling, Phi Kappa Psi, will head Union activities as president for the coming semester, while Mary Bowlby, Alpha Chi Omega, will assume executive duties and Kathleen Gannon, Kappa Alpha Theta, will serve as activities chairman. Following are the newly elected vice presidents: Bob HolmeiST Dick Hupp, Roger Samuelson,
Phi Kappa Psi; Dick HaasCr Beta Theta Pi, and Chic Thompson, Chi Omega^ Re* elected to the office of vice president were Bette Lu Krudup, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Betty Cantley and Ginny Armstrong, both
members of Chi Omega.
Dr. Elliott Speaks
Interviews were held at 8 p.’lft. Tuesday followed by a banquet'a,t-
Future Mixer Plans Discussed; New Tags To Identify Hostesses At a meeting in the Union yesterday by the servicemen and coed committee with Miss Muriel McFar-
land, acting assistant dean of worn- tended by L^M.^allely, mai^^^ en, and Lt. (j.g.) Somers, recrea- Union, the old senior and jamot
tional officer for the Naval training
new officers and aopho-
programs, further plans for mixers jjjoi-es
were discussed. ^ . .. „ i..:
, i Elliott in his after dumer
Dances will be held on the next reminded his listeners tlmt
two Saturday nights, the one this
the Union was founded in I912.Jic^t
Saturday being sponsored by the ^
servicemen while 'the August 14
Pioneering In Aviation Gives Way To Luxurious Aircraft Of Today
dance will be sponsored by the USO. New badges will be used to identify the men and coeds who will pair off to act as hosts and hostesses among the dancers. Improved plans for making it a more organized
“It would be a good idea for^the students to think of some memo:^^ to commemorate the heroic dead jCif
this war,” he said.
Traditions And Axioms , President Elliott also„.§jJgg®gt|d
that students become better “ tie-
dance were discussed, .and coeds are q^^inted with University traditiis^k
By Dick Brill In the pioneering days of aviation, engines and planes were very unreliable and forced landings were frequent. One veteran pilot tells of having seventeen forced landings in one hundred hours of flying. Another tells of having three forced landings in a single flight. However, nowadays planes have reached such a high degree of perfection that the prospective buyer is beginning to give attention to luxui’y matters like the neatness of the interior and the amount of chromium plated fittings. The perfection and the luxury have had djrect result in the number of civilian pilots. According to figures released by Brig.-General Donald H. Connolly, Military Director of Civil Aviation, the recent gi’owth in the number of licensed pilots is as follows:—Jan. 1, 1939—22,983 licensed pilots; Jan. 1, 1940—31,264 licensed pilots; Jan. 1, 1941—63,113 licensed pilots. It can be seen from these figures that the number of private pilots more than doubled during the year 1940. With the mass production of small airplanes and the demand of the Civil Aeronautics Board for ])ilots for army and navy duty, we may expect a great deal more licensed pilots in the future. Also accompanying the advancement in the perfection and the popularity of the airplane is a marked decrease in the number of accidents. Figures I’eleased by the Civil Aei’onautics Board indicate that the number of flying miles by private pilots per fatal accident was nearly one million miles for the year 1940, 916,846 miles per fatal accident in
1939, 752,008 in 1938, and 577,818 in horse, which has been a faithful 1937. These figures how how consid- means of transportation for many erably the safety of the airplane years, there is a weight of approxihas increased in recent years. The mately one ton or 2000 pounds. In decrease in accidents is not only due comparison with engines of the latto the greater efficiency of the air- est type, the following relationship plane, but it is also due to the of weight to horsepower is shown: thorough training a pilot must re- Horse—2000 pounds per horseceive before being licensed by the power
Civil Aeronautics Board.
urged to come in order to make the
mixers successful.
Notice .^11 fraternities that have not yet played' the four games scheduled in the badminton tourney are asked to have teams present on Thursday, August 5 at 6:45.
and especially with the axioms'll hind those traditions—the chajp^-ter-building truths for which are remembered as part o? our^iitage. For instaiice, the story.^M Heavilon Hall being built' brick higher” is one of our treasured traditions because of its implS^ tion of strong moral courage omt]^ part of University officials. " J-
The curtailment of civil aviation because of the war has been partly responsible for a decrease of thirtythi’ee in the number of accidents in the last year. This figure may seem
Railroad engine—75 pounds per
horsepower
Steamship engine—26 pounds per
horsepower'
Automobile engine—7 pounds per
small, but it must be rememberefl horsepower
that the mileage flown has greatly Airplane engine—1.2 pounds per
increased during the Ihst year. horsepower
Reports covering 532 accidents The new Allison air-cooled 12were released in 1942. Of these, only cyclinder engine being manufacsix Concerned fatal or serious acci- tured for the Army Air Forces is dents involving aircraft engaged in said to weigh 1325 pounds and to air transportation. The remainder deliver 1090 horsepower. Thus it involved accidents in student in- weighs only abolit 1.2 pounds per
struction, pleasure flying, or char- horsepower.
ter flying. Of the total number, 3.2 In recent years the fuel for airpercent resulted in fatal injuries, craft has greatly increased in effi3.8 percent resulted in serious injur- ciency. Industrial chemists have reies, and 8.7 percent resulted in the cently announced an improved destruction of the airplane involved, method which will not only produce These figures seem comparatively greater* quantities of high-grade small when for the month of Sep- aviation gasoline, but will be able to tember 1942 alone a total of 149,- raise the octane rating of present 216,101 passenger miles were re- gasoline to 120 or 125 octane. In corded for air transportation. fact they feel that there need be no The safety and greater populaiv ceiling to the octane rating of gaso-
ity of the airplane is a direct result line.
of the I'apid attainment of greater There can be no doubt about the efficiency. This efficiency is due to airline passenger business increaslighter and more powerful engines, ing several times over the present stronger construction, and great ad- volume soon after the end of the vances in streamlining. war. Many people have had to use It has been predicted that the air- air transportation for the first time planes of the future will have a in connection with the war effort, drastic reduction in the weight of and are now enthusiastic air trav-
engines per horsepower. In the^elers.
Debris To Hit News Stand This Week ; Early next week Debris seekers will receive copies of last big yearbqok for the duration, according to Ray McLa^^lin. Debris business manager. Exact day of delivery will be Announced in the Exponent and over WBAA. C.. Procedure for subscribers in obtaining their copy will folk^ as in past years’ distribution: students will present receipts apd
passports in the Debris work-
s i:
shop on the second floor of the past four years. For easier idehl^Union; here the receipts will be fication- the name of each sepior'^matched with the sales slips, pears beneath his picture in which have been arranged in section. .
Ihe theme presents the stbrS'.qf
alphabetical order. ^^is year’s University. Sailor,.SUStudents then sign the slips tion cadets, ensigns and the RCyfcc and present them with the receipts are featured in a necessarily'lar^r
to the Debris office for the book, military section.
Anyone still owing money will make There are a few copies yet^aj^their remainmg payments to the able, and persons may subscrih'a-^it
business office. the Union west desk, or in Many new improvements have bris office upstairs. All whO'
been incorporated in the publishing planning-to buy are urge to <1^-49
of this year’s annual, the most out- before next Monday, when
standing of which are the more will no longer be accepted. Sjwfecompletely filled two column pages, teen hundred copies haye * b|eii
The pages resemble those of a regular book, since extravagaht use of decorative white space has been eliminated. However, none of the pic-
tures have been "cut down.
printed.
Due to shortages of photogri||^-
ic materials, paper, printers ‘itlmdl
staff members, the book
smaller in the future; Jhowiiy^iit
A full page, four color picture will eontinpe to be pubIisb^*iBH^%
dominates the front section; this is University record, the first of its kind to be used m the be a major activity on
..N If,PiSge£
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, August S, 1943
Purdue Exponent ■ Offices: Editorial and Business P^irdue Memoflai Unioii, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
SMltnns Manager.. News Beitor... Managing Editor BparU' Editors
Eliis Mqrphy Mary Dilts Wiillam H. Tyson Carolyn Wilbur . Ray Smith, Russ Lipes
Pujblicatidn S^aff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors! Jack Abbott, Ruth Ford, Katy Howes, Madelyn Grotnes, Peg Steffes.
Business Staff
A4r»rtlsing irsiingcr: '' L Gaunt. Assistant AdvorlisitiR Manager: Betty Maiiey. Circulation Mana^-t'i : tt. G. Sauerman.
|ditqiE-iii-Chi^.
The Purdue independent
Bert Snuisr
Staff For This Issue
%bt Editor: Abhett City .Editor:. Eord ^/Editor: Grd.tiics . Issue Editor': 'Mar^dlis Jte^‘lt.Srs: Ogden, Georgeson, Wocrner, Garrett, Bayndsi '-
as second class .matter at the post office In lAfay-
6f ■ ‘ ‘
£h^tia, under the act of Congress of March . im ai the iiD(ilai rate of pdatag'e .providea ftr in secjtteh jM,’Act of October i; 1817, autHorlied' danua^’2.0,:I???. mliahM on TilCbday, Thursday and Saturday Inotnitigfl ubrb the jifeaT. except certain vacation periods. Delivered'daily V'cWStiaf 6>r $1.25 fbr a serhester; By mdU foir ^1,80 for a fehHhfr.' Suhscf iptipna may be obtained at the - Exponent ^ce or at the Wett Desk of the Union. • . Eepresented for nationul advertising by National Advertisg .Service, Inc., Goliege Publishers Bepr'esenfatlyea, 4‘<u
adlfljti Ave., New York, N. Y.
VttSIIIHfilOH
§Mfians Live
' iFoi" TnoEe; than a ihonth how the V-12 and tho ASTP programs havejjeen running in full ST^ihg Oh the campus, with no more than an average amount of difficulty. The relations between all students, new and old, whether or not they are in some special program, have been strained, but all is smooth sailing now. Hd'wever, we are wondering about the relatiohshib between students and the faculty, the facility arid the adiriiriistration, the adiftiriisffrition arid the corrimanders of the' various programs, llave they cofne to a definite agreefrierit as to whether or riot this is strictly a wrirtiriie campus, with a spirit of alhbut for the abrivice miari, which will force the civilian studerits Out of the limelight; or will the military minded University staff treat all students with the same respect ? Conflicting instructions or reports from the obp’hs'ite sides of the fence certainly do not fend to reduce the state of confusiori now present in some of the service men’s minds. To be told on day by his officers that^the quantity and quality of the subject matter preserited in a certain course depends on the University is duite gratifying; but to have the University professor report to his class the following day that the amount of work required for his course may be cut down—depending on the military authorities — is somewhat disalluEioning.
By this time the classes have been set yp, and the instructors’ assignments have been straightened out. Civilian students are heginnlri^ th feel that the Uriiversity is still thinkirig they are present—especially with all the tisual end-of-the-term tests. The next questfon is about student organiEritioris. The UrivfM'sity has promised to provide free dane',:.> every Saturday night for the service men, and it is felt that this will mean that social, professional and honorary fraternities will be unable to have dances in the ■Uriion ballroGms. This does not seem quite fair. After all, the fraternities are still present ori the campus. Most of them have given over their houses to the armed forces. All of them have given a large number of their membership, also, to the armed forces. Certainly it is not fair to exclude thein from campus social activities. Many a service riiari, too, especially those connected with fraternities would like to go to an exclusive dance put on by a social fraterfiity, or ^ould just as soon pay a dollar to attend an ariritial affair siich as the “P” Men’s Hop. yi^eknow that questions like these are in the minds of all students and we certainly believe that the military and University administrative authorities should give these things consideration so that all student, faculty and military relationships keep on running, smoothly. —e.m.
Sahjoka, SiiupaL. Csist iiobsti a. Thatcher ... a member of a class of student officers and aviation cadets, will be graduated soon from the Army Air f'di’ces' .Advanced Flying School at Stockton Field, Califo,rnia. Upon receiving the coveted silver wings, he will be placed oji active duty as a second lieutenant id the A.rmy Air Forces. Thatcher, a former Univerj0y stEdcDt, received his basic training at Hemet and Xan^Bfttyr, California. A native of Hussiaville, Ihd., he i* the son of Uyman A. Thatcher.
• y PREW^PEARSON
Hesitalioii Marks Badoglio As A P»ltp|iet; CattHoti Hai$ Put Italy On Spot Again WASHINGTON—Pietro Badoglio, the man who tried to pick up the broken pieces of Italy where Mussolini dr.bpped them, win ^ go down in history f6r his, blind devotion to his King and for his inabitity to make up his mind when the fate of hiis country hung in the balance. Twice in two decades,, Badoglio could have changed the entire course of his country and perhaps the world, flut each tiifie he hesitated and failed. The first was when he was chief of staff in 1922 and Mussolini staged his march on Rome. Weeks before that marchj Mussolini’s Fascists had been getting arms artd ammunition from the Italian army right under Badoglio’s nose. He must have known about it, unless he was asleep, arid he does not sleep souridly. £iyen retired army officers, still answerable to Bado^lio, were erilistirig in the Fascist cause. He could have check-reined th'erii easily. ' ^arch •I^fieri the march on Rome finally Was consumipated, and jieriitd Mussolini stepped out of his special sleepirig car (after his Blackshirts had made' it safe for him to enter the capital) Badoglio sent' word to (he kirig that he could easily drive them out of Rorrie with two regiments; But the King hesitated, and Badoglio hesitated with him. A few days later it was too late. Badoglio’s second tragic moment of hesitation came last week. He and the King at last had the courage to oust the man who had cowed Italy, who had led the Italian people to destruction. ' ffut hrivirig taken that one bold step, the new Premier of Italy waited. True, he faced a tragically complicated situation. German troops in the north could riiake a battle ground of Italian soil. But alsci he knew that the invincible might of Allied air power could make mince-meat of Italian cities and that the Allied _ armies,'already in 1;heir stride, were sure to overrun Italy. That moment of hesitation may mean Italy will be an even bloodier battle ground and.that the surge of Allied victory may be slowed. But Badoglio has spent his life as a professional soldier and caution is his watchword, even when empires are at stake. Hitman''Bombs" I Just as Mussolini was always sticking out his chin, Badoglio has always pulled his in. As Governor of Libya in 1929, he stood by while Marshal Graziani, the rabid Fascist, subdued Arab natives by taking rebel chieftians up in ari airplane and tossirig them out’on the desert below. By this tirrie Badoglio had swallowed his early revulsion against Fascism, and, following his King, Had accepted Mussolini’s tempting offer of field iriarshal of the Italian army. Inside the Italian army there lias always been jealousy between the political Blackshirts and the noriFascist regulars. So when Mussolini launched his armada of tanks and airplanes against defenseless Ethiopia he placed one of his Blackshirts, General De Bono, in command. De Bono was a complete flop and Badoglio, from the regular army, was called to the rescue. In the field' of battle, Badoglio does not hesitate.. He is an A1 technical soldier. He cleaned up the Ethiopian war in short order—and he did not hesitate to,use gas to do it. . • Afterward Badoglio was quite willing to receive from the hands of ll Duce the title of Duke of Addis Ababa with the lush salary that went with it. Badoglio alp swallowed his pride and his anti-Fascist leanings sufficiently to become chief of all the armies.
The fact thrit Foreign Secretary AritiiGriy Ederi hris said that Italy, if s^e y/ould surrender, could expect liberal treatment, has completely thrown oyer the previous United Nations’ statement that only unconditional surrender Vvould be Acceptable. It looks like that old Allied policy of giving in has begun to assert itself again. If we ever expect to convince an eneiriy th^t,
we are out to win A war and to — — ^
hell with hiririanity, Vve will with the French after the. . 'j Hi- ■- Franco-Prussian War ^>'*0 the have to learri thAt the only wAy -^orild Mr, the French lost all irito convince a continually wAr- terest in fighting. This should be the ring nation is to make it fight adopted by Urii^d N^
... . . , tions m dealing with the Italians, and see 4eath until it is sieje rif Germans, and Japanese, the thought. France was at one time ———
a nation' which was always after a The liftle vacation that Congrep
has been having lately seeiris to
fight, but after the Germans got
have done a lot of people a lot of good. With the few heads in Con-
refrigerator’from^Hence they had -ggg cleared,'serise has again
been generously donated, arid re trieved in time for the performance. Qn the last time around, the two
returned in the opposition j,o Paul McNutt's plan of calling draftees by their service numbers' rather
“Hon. Spy steal evidence from U. S. Red Cross knitting circle to prove that U. S. soldier is monster; this sweater has three sleeves.” The Ratio
to 1
Coming in like the well-known lion, somehow The two-week delinquency of this darling column was brought about involuntarily by a deplorable lack of scandal. There just ain’t no doit, no doit at all. Will some of yon lush characters do this column a great big fat, juicy favor and DO SOMETHING!! A nice juicy affair or two would help. .... But then there is always the comforting thought that one of these lovely days the servicemen will get nicely integrated into the mildewed Purdue social system and there will be more dirt, more foolishness and more of anything else you have to offer, fellas.
from Pi Beta Phi, who, for the thii'd and last time, has returried her Phi Gam pin to its Wabash abode where with reference to her, it is going to remain. This ought to violently interest all the charming wolves who have so delightfully and completely infested the campus of late. She is blond and contourous, and riot a bad dish, fellas. (Ed Note—^This is NOT a pd. ad.—but any tidy little sum would be appreciated.)
riffle errand-girls accidentally left number of dependents the expensive bundle in a shoe store, they possess. It might be questioned and there was miic-h hysteria, chrios, what makes Mr. McNutt’s frustration, and borrowing of more go when he decides furs. . .but all efforts directed to- a silly paper draft number id ward recoyei'y ended in ffieak iriore iiriportant that tlie nuriiber of ure. Blood-hounds arid ffatrfoots kicls a man has to take care of arij set ori thq trail—to no avail: Then fe^d. while there are still youthri of last week thore came a caU, -Arid twenty arid twenty-one running
who the good ol’ United Stated
had been in the shoe store at the excuse to be out of the time as the two unfortunates; had clepenaerits by this tirrie around enough curio- ^j^ould be excused from active'ijutyl sity took into the Steiger’s box. She ■ ; • hrid unwittiriglj) inciriJed with M glowly but surely, Hhe allied numerous prifcels that afierrioon, forces in Sicily are inching towArd
and had folind to her'utter aston-
ishment that they coritained silver ^ question foxes. So everything IS happy once, whether the defeat will come ad
it did on Cape Bon or whether Gerrinans arid Italians will have the guts
Hey! Things are looking up! There are the irievitable CiirtissWrights to keep things going . . . . . With a loud bang a large group of the little dears walked out of the fire-escape of Ye Okie WRH' last Saturday evening to spend the night in the surrounding countryside. And these things, so they tell me, happen kinda’ often. . . . .Well, have fun, kids.
Army Unprepared
As such he was supposed to prepare for war, which any one could see from the rantings of Italy’s Axis partner in Berlin, was just around the corner. But the Italian army lapsed into such a state of unpreparedness and poor morale that when Mussolini finally did decide to stab France in the back, Italian troops made only riiirior gains against an already defeated French army. Badoglio has been both blamed and exonerated for the Italian fiasco in Greece. The truth is that he did not wpnt to undertake this campaign, warned Mussolini that the army was not ready. By this time, also Badoglio’s latent hatred of Fascism, deluged under all his Fascist honors, had come to the fore again. Friends say that he resented both the French stab in the back and the attack on Greece. But he did not protest publicly. Finally he was yanked back from the Greek campaign, discharged by Mussolini, and for a time friends feared for his life. It was then that his old friend the King held out a sheltering wing and invited him to live in the imperial palace. A Timid Stal-esmaii What transpired between these two close friends during the three years that followed may never be known unless some palace chronicler writes the story. But it leaked out and was published in this column that Badoglio seethed with hatred agairist Mussolini, even hoped to lead the regular Italian army against him. Two weeks ago, the time finally came. Badoglio and the Kirig, to whom he had always been so loyal, struck their first independent, courageous blow for Italy. But Badoglio, a good soldier, but a timid stajesman, struck out. Cox Committee Clowhing Congressman Cox’s investigation of the Federal Communications Coniriiissiori has degenerated chielly into a name-calling contest in which Chairirian Dairy Fly is the main target. Everything that happens, no matter whether it pertains to iriterriational affairs or the salary of a stenogi-apher, is blamed on Fly. Only objector to the antics of the Cox Committee is forthright Representative Hart of New Jersey. The other day Cox’s committee counsel, Eugene Garey, started to read a message frorn J. Edgar Hoover, when Cox of Georgia interrupted with a eulogy of Mr. Hoover. He told of his gi-eat devotion to the FBI.chief, concluding with the retriark; “At one time we wanted to vote a Congressional Medal to Mr. Hoover.” “And I suppose,” said Congressman Hart of New Jersey, “that Chairman Fly blocked that too.” (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
The Return Of The Prodigal Dave Simpson, “Little Nero” of the D.U. House, has finally 'and permanently: succumbed to the graceful wiles of the little girl at horiie. Yes, yes, the old ivory-man has had his last flirig, ostensibly anyway, and will, on the 2ist of this month, settle into a kind of unsettled married life. He Has been prancing at end of the May-pole for 4 years —one of these o'n-and-off-biit-most-ly-on-iri-the-b a c k g r o u n d things. The little gal’s name is Marian Goodman, she’s cute, takes a slick Paul Stone, is a nurse, and she’s just the boy’s size, so it ought to be nice; but first dear old Davie has to get through Med. School, and that ain’t like jumping in hay-mows . . . . .Good luck, chum!
And over at the Vault there appear to be a few Kappa Kiddies who have managed to over-look the Marines, V-l2’s, gold-braids, and what-have-you, to give the Purdue Eds a “break”, for it Was only last night that Henning and Hoover, those two play-happy pledges (the Kappas have riot gotten around to initating anybody yet) sauntered casually into the inner sanctums sporting brightly bejeweled S.A.E. pins on their collective and heaving bosoms. It was all done in the spirit of things, they assured everyone, And squeeking along the same channels is Kappa .jean Yost, who for quite some time has been masterfully dri’ecting a Three-Ring Circus with a Sig Ep. in the Air Corps in one ring, a Phi Delt from here, (of all things) in ariother, and a Marine from the Phi Delt House in the other. But everybody understands their respective positions, and the Act is getting on beautifully.
aigain, aneV Be'ity Gray Ariel Anne Bi'aJiey' will riot have to sperid theii’ lives in a chain-gang, or working
out in the Alpha Chi kitchen after troops of Britain, Canada and M
United States. If the Axis forces do
,—^—7“ _ repeat themselves, the allies will be The Fairman Frail is at it again, practically ready for the drive that 'This tirrie she is proudly flauritirig is bound to cqriie ori the toe of the the Sig Ep pin of Lt. Bob iEIadley, Italian boot. The allies seem to be formerff of the Expo’ sport' staff, taking it for granted that a repeat arid the bigger thirihs that she is on Cape Bon is going to happertffor expecting' to sprout ff’om all these- they have already begun to soften here goi'iigs-oris will do that very up, kicking the boot of Italy with thirig in approximately two inonthSi giant aerial blows.
There is something so engaging
about rice grains. ' '
ANNOUNCEMENT! Those luscious silver foxes which were sported so lavishly in Playshop’s most recent production, and,purloined on the eve of the final performance, have been reco'vered. At the end of each performance it was necessary to take the things back to Steiger’s
A FEW LAST MINUTE. SPECIALS. ... .Delta Gamma’s Ruth Wilcox recently found herself the happy possessor of a dazzling^ diamond frorii Pi Ka:ppa Phi, Duke Swertz. Just another Pi Kap’—D.G. combination done up in a nice, neat package. . . . .We are getting more orange-blossoiri communications to tlie effect that Pi Phi Pat Stenberg on this very day is being' married to Phi Psi Lou Theger after a good wholesome school-day courtship . . . Best of luck! Artnouliiceinents , The announcements and invitations to senior commencement are now on sale at the cashier’s office. They will remain on sale until Monday, July 9, or until the supply is exhausted. The invitations are ten cents each, and the arihoiinceirients are two for five cents. Senior passports must be shown. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
rip-roaring bulfet''bla$$fiig action thriller 4
Russell Ra^deu Dub Taylor • Almo Carroll .
PLUS-
wifh lEON ERROL*HARRIET HILLIARD GRACE McDonald THE PIED PIPERSWfD GLEN GRAY AND THE CASA iOMA ORCHESTRA
Working another one of these stop-and-go systems is Jeanne “Boosie” Busenbark, a classic lassie
as Henry Mih'®"
WS' UTEL olive BlAKtHtt
■ VAUGHAN GtASIR
* Sittmiim Plctui*
HELD OVER
THUR. - FRI. - SAT.
BING'S GREAT! DOTTY’S LOVELY...I11
SONG HITS!
REYNOLDI'oeWOLFE LYNNE RAYMOND EDDIE OVERMAN’WALBURN'FOY, in
Colonial Gardens 1832 NORTHWESTERN AVi Visit Us t’6'r..,a Cool Cotnfortable Evening. Daiicmg Every Nile Except Monday. Soft prinks and Satidwiehes. Soda Fountain Service,
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— ALSO— . BLHCH DRnCOn
i.
■0 ® I’ 'Hi-
>• -1
ii!Xrmy, Muty, Mitfine News
i^i&SSL
jgggw
S«4¥^ipAMfA..
Fbr Service Men^ Service Men i i, ! Jiti 4.U'', ^ ' ■‘I t < ^ ■> ., 'S (? •
i ^ il t ^ ^ V. ^ ' 4-F Commandos Start Winning |frep^4 i|if tecp/vie ll^ePf fl|>W I ; From Another Practice Sqi^pcj ^
By
Editor’^ Nof^: The Forum is the service than's personal column. Should he agrree, disagrree or not care» we woud like to Those wishinfif to talk about something: different (within reason) that’s bothering: them, should write to the Forum, c/o the
MeM
The 4-F C6mman<ios, as Coach Tom Graham likes^ to refer to his AS'i'P B-1 softball iqu'ad, ^ finally bi^oice into the win column t'his ’^lieek, but it wasn't much of a triumph. The competition didn’t show up. To make matters wofse, Graham’s graybeards didn’t let well enough alone, but got up a practice game with another squad on hand and was soundly beaten, 4 to 1. This one hurt a little more than the two other losses. This time there had been pre-game coaching and strategy and even practice sessions. Eight of the “boys had voluntarily passed up the “Hit Parade of 1943”, the Glee Club and a chance to swap pleasantries with the Navy last Friday night just to work out till 7:30. What hurts most of all is that the boys know what’s wrong — and
The Fpruml N^VV BdfrdCks 1
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias | M ^ ^
too Per Cent)!^ Union PlaB
Letters to Tfi^^dittir
Exponent, Unipp Building,
out in thii^ column.
Hate IfSe^ fenemy
A group of soIdiel:s were lying on the green outside the Chemistry Building when a slender blond girl
Card^ Cd^f Twa Ddllati
Chief Specialissh-JiftweS
hurry past] but they would not let
alone. The ci
boisterously
around shyly in a helpless gesture that said, “Gosh, boys, isn’t enough
enough?”
OH M0THI/M6 SPECIFIC SIR.K \T'S JUST ALL HAZV UP THERE"
medicos were thumping them wolfishly, or since they were looking for jobs as “juniors”—junior account-' ants, law clerks, junior salesmen ? ^ But here, apparently, thy’re old. They creak. They stumble. What
there’s nothing they can do about happened to their agility?
it. They’re no more 4-P than Corn-
Dear Editor
We all realize the difficulties in feeding so many men in the Union mess
approached. A spontaneous jeeX^«“’ individuals are making things
arose. The girl blushed and tried * an necessary. ., , , , „ r xi . -it j cer in charge of barracks No. 1*
hurry past] but they would not let ,. day s6me of us noticW one fellow ditop a bottle of milk and , ^
her alone The erv “Map-o-ie” welled remnants under the table. Another time a soldier almost slipped lormeriy tne J\appa Auu
that she turned ”” broken glass. Yesterdalyr one of the service men droppfed a fraternity house^ anilOltajK^d neyvspaper on the floor right in front of the chow line. today that navy students in hi* It is not difficult to understand how mistakes in di opping things can barracks have^ signed up 100 per happen, but to leave dangfer on the floor is to inVite trouble. As usual, ggjjt for the Union recreation plan.
This is another incident where ^ respect for the rights and comforts tnder the plan any army, navy or the noisy few (whose loudness marine student pays $Z.OO per month gives them a prominence beyond cleaned up, the danger of getting cut or hurt fo'r a Union card. This card entitle their numbers) have over-stepped , , ' , „ , , ,,the student to attend certain recreathe bounds of play. Last week a careful, as most men are, m the mess hall, there should be tional activities on the campus which
no leason that we would have unneeded and uncalled for trouble. were formerly available only to U*ni-
Very truly yours,
/ GENE HERNDON.
Everything goes so fast. Where’s Don Woodburn’s speed? Even 23 year old Cy Furman, that babe in
, ,, j j. arms, has begun striking out in the the boys are old and some of them , , , i,,, • . i ..• j, , 1 X j j clutch. Where is that batting eye of
mando, of course, and as for being graybeards that’s exaggerated, too, because they shave every day—but
yesteryear? Or it is only comparison with the kids tliat does it? Army To Pay For Expo On Chow Line Tonight
Army
Insignia
may even be, by local standards, a
little decrepit.
Section 1 of Battery B gets that way by a peculiar concatenation of circumstances. Purdue is primarily an under-graduate school—^which means a mean a^’e of 21 or some-
thing less than that. Most of the Those men in the ASTP who have
Navy boys here would still be col- subscribed to the Exponent and as j j
legiates normally; if not, they’re yet have not completed payment just past it. And m ASTP itself, the may do so tonight on the chow line, bulk of the men here are taking bas- addition the circulation deic engineering training—and they partment announced today that all had to be under 22 to get into that, subsci iptions that are not paid But the men Irom whom Profes- within ten days will automatically Xze^at
sor Graham draws are advanced be cancelled.
couple of playful fellows entered friendly exchange involving the Air
Corps, but many got the wrong (
idea. Then some female objected to the term, “GI Betas”. We don’t
know whether she was sincere, but P^^wer and use of words you must many soldiers took dffronty Only realize that such sloppy language today one boy who was being4idded will only lead to poor interpretation about the Air Corps displayed what you have to say. Even more cheap, intemperate and indecently important is the fact that the power Nkzi-hke conduct when he ex- of words is lost when they are used pressed his frustration by blurting, indiscriminately. You have some“the dirty !” (using a racist thing to say, but the way you say it term). Tuud, the other boys shamed Quite lax. The result is that the the racist goldier with their disap- meaning is often undiscernable or is
two Service Men Dances Planned For Saturday Servicemen will have their in-
versity students.
The drive for complete participation in' this plan has been going on in all the aimy, navy and marine sections of the University. The advantages of the plan have been explained to all the service men and! the response, as shown by Union card sales, is gaining momentum; ing Assistant Dean of Women, and advisor to the committee led the ways and means discussion atj,the meeting. Lt. (j.g.) Lee Som^a,
proving silence, but silence is not way that one may ning Saturday night, when two or- and Recreation Office enough. wish to do so. chestras will give forth^music for Program and Lt. Samuel
Worn by members of the 104th Division of the United States Army, the above insignia was authorized for use by the War department on August 16, 1942. It is a grey wolf’s
The Forum gave Madelyn Grot-
students in psychology—and by local standards, old men. Some of them are 2^, 26, even 27. Its hard to take. Its not so long ago that these same men were thinking of themselves as youngsters. Certainly, in the camps they came from, they didn’t find themselves aliens in a stripling world. And how long is it sihce di’aft board
Those men who still wish to sub-
has been seen^ around the campus
on a number of ASTP shoulders.
Army shoulder insignia are usually simple designs such as the aboye which may easily be recog-
a distance. A silhouette is
the usual representation of any
head, or animate object which
scribe may order their paper on the worn so that it faces to the front of chW line at a special rate for the the wearer or full face to onlooker.
remainder of the term.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ENJOY THE “HOMEY” ATMOSPHERE OF THE LOUNGES OF THE PURDUE UNION
SPEND YOUR LEISURE TIME IN THE BROWSING ROOM where a collection of the best fiction and non-fiction books may be found.
JhjL (pjuAdwL WmurdaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
First Insignia In 1918 The first shoulder sleeve insignia was originated by members of the 81st Division on their way to France in 1918. Seeing that the badge would help morale, the War Department authorized their use and so the black wildcat on a gold field became the first army shoulder badge. The first badges were cut out of felt and put on a cloth background while today the designs are embroidered. It is said that these insignia are similar to the badges worn in the Spanish-American War which identified each unit. Unique Emblem In Africa A unique but logical emblem was first used by American troops in the North Afiican campaign. It was an American flag sewed to each soldier’s arm. A similar flag was painted on each helmet. ASTP Students Those men in ASTP who subscribed to the Exponent and have not as yet paid may do so ai the chow lines Thursday evening, August 5. Subscriptions will be cancelled if not paid for within ten days. Those men who wish to subscribe may order their paper at the chow lines at a special rate for the remainder of their term. —THE CIRCULATION DEPT. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Does progressive mean that you sailors and marines, Recreation Officer oi the
nes the name Maggie because it are for a change that will help all respective dates and other stu- ^3rpp Battalion, were also present seemed that her remarks were such of us? Does liberal mean that you a ^ considerable group of saBthat the evil minded might miscon- are not satisfied with the status ^orth South Balliooms o± the soldiers and marines who mil strue them in such a way as to ere- Quo? Boes democracy mean the dis- Union Building. This affair, S^^en “mixing” at the dance, ate antagonisms. Since writing the franchisement of people in the x ^ ^ Dance Committee of the ser“Answers to Maggie” The Forum South, southerners claim democracy. University tor their special enter- vicemen was organized to make the has ever regretted the unfortunate or does it mean that rights and priv- tainment, is scheduled to get under- arrangements for Salurnecessity of refuting Madelyn’s edi- 'ileges are given to all without re- ^ c nights festivity. This group torial because she has proved in gard for the faith they profess, the Harry Reed and the 5 Men Of Note gQj^gjg^g ^ Rutledge, A. subsequent editorials and in extend- color of their skin or the language provide the music. g_ George Breckenridge, and A- S. ed conversations that she harbors f^ey speak. Many of the campus fair coeds -yVin Hiller, all V-l^ Navy; P^. only the friendliest of sentiments You do not believe in name-calling will be on hand to serve as dancing Hon Edwards, Pvt. James Hickey towards the servicemen. There as a method of solving a problem. Partners and provide company for Pvt. Joseph Burger, USMCR; could be no purpose to kidding but look over yout own copy. How ef®-® servicemen. The Host and Hos- James Mikes of the ElectxiMaggie further unless the buffoon often do you call people, with whom fess Committee at a special meet- cians Mates School; and the army were a somewhat depraved bully of you disagree. Fascists or reaction- ing Tuesday night established plans repiesentatives. Staff Sgt. Dave Rethe type who tears wings of flies to aries? Notice that you use these insure the presence of sufficient pass, T/5 Hal Cooperman, Sgt. see them squirm. ' same broad terms as those with d^^^cing partners, and discussed John Bean and Tech. Sgt. Jerry
The Air Corps comments and the whom you are disputing. That will Procedures for getting the “guys Koetting.
GI Beta talk and the rest of the never do. If you want to convince gals” together, so that a live- Tq work out plans and’Weak* for tommyrot creating group antagon- an intelligent reading public, you ly time may be had by all. future affairs, and to smooth the isms—they, too, have been over- must be specific and very careful Coeds present at Tuesday’s meet- functioning of the hosts and hosplayed. What’s the matter with the with your use of terms. News stories ing and who will serve as hostesses tesses, a Central Committee has selected servicemen and college are fact and do not have to be at the Service dance are: Joan Sulli- been appointed from the hostesses, students on this post? Aren’t there worked over so carefully, but your van, Mary Jane Doll, Bobbiejean consisting of Ruth Rentsch, Mary enough issues of moment? Do we stuff is open to discussion and you Riggs, Rita Hill, Peg Leurs, Peggy Mattix, Anna Shively and Gathering
have to go around pricking each must be explicit in your meanings. Steffes, Louise Siler and Nancy Leuty. other when there exist enough conx You must say what you mean so Nome from the sororities; Maiy flict m this woild to satisfy even that none can misunderstand you, Mattix, Virginia Seller and Lucille Hitler’s goiillas. May I suggest that you work qver Hanse from the Women’s Residence Most of us were playing, and our your copy in most minute detail so Halls; Helen Howarth, Mary Anne game is over. Unfortunately there that your intentions are obvious and Kennedy and Anna Shively, repreare soihe among us whose cheap your facts are clear. senting Cooperative Houses; and tabloidic minds are so meager that Again I say that I have enjoyed Catherine Luety of the Town Girls’
they cannot understand real issues your articles. Club.
and must create petty ones to satis- - pj-ank Hunter, ASTP, Miss Muriel G. McFailand, Act-
fy the cravings of their impover-
ished moial fiber for conflict. To ' , i.. , , , . n
these foi saken ones who, even in an atmosphere like this that calls for comradeship and unity, cannot escape the warping influence of a distorted past, this column offers the following more natural objects of
hate:
If there must be hate, direct your
hates.
Hate first the Nazi enemy who seeks to enslave the world with his deed of distrust and destruction. Hate, ihen, title infernal enemy who spreads inner discords, for he is the Native J'J'azi who pits brother
NoHce
Any students who n;ish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 3l and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office, x RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Skoits Make Life Very Interesting/ Hpin^an Ends Story Of A 'Basic'
Pk'ofs Distoib Hoiniah's Sleep Pvt. Joe C. Brhel, Cary Hall
PART III
De teacher’s a young guy, ready class which is P.E.
during de whole class until de bell class we are very hungry and would rings when he jumps up and wants appreciate a good hearty feed vWth to know where he’s at. I tell him no calories which we get. When we whats what so we scram to de next have supped sufficiently we* retire
QUEm & answers ABOUT THE \ WAVES
AND
SPARS
Q. As a WAVE or SPAR will 1 be expected to serve overseas? A. The law passed by Congress limits your service to the continental limits of tlie United States. Q. What is the term of enlistment? .. A. For the diiiation of the war. You will be discharged within six months after the war ends. Q. After I have once joined, may I resign? A. A letter to your Commanding Officer, requesting discharge and stating your reasons will lie forwaided for consideration. But in wartime lesignations aic discouiaged. Q. If I am under 20 and my parents consent, can I enlist? A No. By law the minimum age is 20. ,
test, fuither, tlie mendacious opposition of the home-grown Fas-
to de lounge where we spend de
willing and able to tqach us all he About now Hoiman is very tired rest of de time till 7:30 when we . , ,, . . can. Of course in order to be able and when Hoiman is tired he is very gin our studying,
agains ro er,^ armer agains teach de students some stuff con- uninteresting. De lest of de mom- Zero Hour For Hoiman war e^ race agains race in cerning thp x’s and y’s he must foist jng I spent keeping Hoiman awake When de zero hour comes up Hoio wea en our emocra ic uni y. e jj^ye some fairly smart guys. Now which is veiy boiing so I will not man and me go to our room wh^e
although Hoiman’s very willing to trouble to tell you about. we try to figure out what we was
, ti, f r • he can he ain’t what you When lunch times comes around supposed to learn in class but didn’t, CIS s o eery measure a e imi would call smait, so de prof has Hoiman awakes up considerably We work up a terrible sweat trying nates S*" ^ J T* t*'h**'*v trouble. Even though ,de enough to help himself to a couple to work de math problems but don’t in A ‘tT At has explained it to him a helpings of calories which he stores get anywhere so we quit and try ear gi e rones on e oo o jj^^en times Hoiman simply can’t away like nobody’s business. After some of de other subjects. We don’t ® ®‘ figure out why x plus 2 equals 4. lunch we sit around leading de get anywheie with these neither so
we are very downhearted. We are so busy consoling each other that
man. De answer naturally is—I off to de next class which is his- we don’t realize that time has crept know but confidently thats de only tory. up on us to de extent that it is kind of problems I can woik. I feel Hoiman’s History Class about 10:20 so Hoiman give up de
to JevotP one’s enei'lries insteoJ to Pi'®^ ®« a®®ount of jjg Hoiman like de histoi-y whole idea for de day and retire to to devote one eneigies, instead, to- jf Hoiman in his class any j ^ ^ j • our beds. We are two very tired
Tlf ’“!! 'e3ti„gg„yi„™„yrespectslwl,ich Suys.
«t understand and mnw.l ap- ra‘rere"an e"L“'s a v rirtt ’ ’“I T ■“ “ "‘T nreeiation happen cause he s a pietty light g^y jg gtnctly on de beam which Now you have a general idea of a
guy. De lest of de class Hoiman still Cleans he keeps de class interested “basic”. We lead a very hard Kfe don’t learn noth’n so I will not bore jjj what he is talking about. We get here but ain’t so bad consideiung
I Tx. . X • X J- ngure out wny x plus z equals 4. lunch we sit around leading de If group dislikes niust exist, di- ^^y plainly see that mags which is in de lounge until de rect the antagoni^s towards those ^g g, any dope but Hoi- time comes around for us to amble
individuals whose vileness and hypoeffey foster such negative atti
tildes.
Better, though, to be positive—
Dear'^Pvt. Elias:
It has been with much pleasure y®^^ with de rest of de sad details, that I have read your various col- Ue next class is geography so me umns and articles in the Exponent. Hoiman amble out for a smoke Despite my general agreement before be commence with of de
with what you have to say, I believe daily moider.
that much of your work is often iBrof Gives Hoiman No Help
a couple of laughs watching de that de coeds make our life a ItfHe pi of put acioss a point which he more interesting. By de way, Since does with some corny acting. De we are pretty well acquainted how guy’s strictly a ham but a lot of about a date soijaetime^ fun. All de guys in de class like him. Both de skoits looki at each othSince this is de last class we have er and smile so de situation loo^s
misleading. You write about sub- Hoiman don’t exactly care for for de day Hoiman and me wonder pretty good. After awbRe dje ^k4it jects that are difficult to put into this class so he spends most of his, off to de Union where he have a turns around and ih&eb *4ith d« print without someone finding mis- time trying to find' a comfortable couple of cokes and spend de i-est nod so me and Hoiman are two vofy inteipretations, and you lekve your- position in which to go sleep in. De of de time trying to make time with happy guys. Hoiman don't know it self wide open for criticism by mis- teacher don’t like Hoiman going to de cute waiti esses which don’t turn but I had de plan alt fl^fured- J figexplanation. Your use of words is, sleep so he awslkens him every five so good. We stay there till about 5 ured we make a date with de skoits to say the least, careless. There is minutes. After he gets tired of hoi- p. m. when we begins to amble back if we talked long enough and' it probably none m this country who lering at Hoiman he forgets about to de dorm so we can be there in woiked. That was hard wo!rk, I would say that he is not liberal, him and concentrates on de rest of time for supper. guess I’ll have to thin^ up «| «»w democratic, unprejudiced, progres- de students after which Hoiman im- This meal is always de most line, that on4 takes too long. ‘ sive and humanistic. Rnowing the mediately falls asleep and sleeps pleasant cause after a hard day in DePagSS
Purdm Exponent
\pY^' rs ' '' ' --1 -L. J '-^ '-—4 ’ f ' Thursday, August S, 1943
Burnham Sends Squad Through First Contact Drill
Scrimmage To Last For Six Day Period
Grandstand Echoes nHistory Of The Exponent
Candidates foi the 1943 Riveter giidiron squad were sent through the fiist sciimmage of the season yesterday afternoon as the six-day scrimmage session peimitted under the new Conference ruling opened Recently passed at a meeting of the Big Ten faculty, this new lule permits four weeks of summer football practice, with a maximum allotment of six days that can be spent in actual sciimmage
and contact woik
Full equipment has been drawn by 130 men, one of the largest turnouts in the Conference this season, and one of the laigest squads heie in niany sea-
sons
Following a slioit waim up peiiod, Head Coach Elmei Buinham lined up the piospects and chose two teams, one offensive and one defensive to stait the actual contact woik This fiist offensive squad included Buschemi Kasap, Laugh tei, DeFilipo McMillan, Genes, Bauman Vacanti Cycenas, Flint and Butkovich They completely swarmed the defensive squad by running up and down the field tliiee times, nevei being seiionsly halted ButkoMch Breaks Lose Seveial shoit passes fiom Vancanti to Buschemi and one to Bauman, weie featuied Cvcenas made seveial stiiking luns and Butovich broke lose once foi about 45 yards The second offensive squad included Hoffman Butts, Agase, Moilow Hughes, Stack, Collmgs, Elliott, Dibicki, Tetech and Milla The new defensive squad was able to faiily well stop the chaiges of this offensive team Elliott and Dubicki stood out with then play and seveial Elliott to Collmgs passes kept the defense on the move One Casualty One casualty maned the attei noon’s practice when Griffith had the wind knocked out ot him while making a tackle Due to the recent rams the ground is in veiy good shape, neither too hard or too soft and should help cut down on the injur res
Cross Country Runners Hold Meeting Friday Track Coach Homer Allen yesterday announced that he rs planning to hold a meeting for all persons interested in trying out for the crosscountry team this fall to be held in Boom 107 of the Fieldhouse at 6 o’clock Friday afternoon, August 6 Allen stated that he has received word from Heimon Phillips, head track coach, that he is planning to have as large a cross country schedule as last season In all likelihood the schedule will include such opponents as Illinois, Indiana, Ohio
State and Wisconsin
liack Candidates Report Later At the present time Allen does not desire to have the tall track candidates report He stated that the fall track program will probably start about the second week of
September
Coach Allen stated that the meet ing on Friday would start irronrptly at 5 and would be very short rn order that the servicemen would not be late for chow
Classified
Ads
\
Notices
Staff Members Membeis who wibh copiea of the new catalogue may get them bv tele* phoning the editois office or chllmg in per* eon —BODDEN All Fraternities Any fraternitj that has given up its house for the duration ind would Jike to use the Student Senate office for chapter mctinj-s should get in touch with A1 Lindskoog at ^963 —LmOSKOOG All Students Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the ngistia tion for the semi term August 31 and September 1 will plea&e leave their names at the desk in the Rcgistiar s Office
—STONE
Fraternity Presidents Council Meeting Thuroday August o loom 303 of the Union
—LAYTON
Delta Rho Kappa Initiation will he on Thursday Augu to at 7 p m in loom oo5 of the Union Please be there There will not be a banquet —MILLER Kappa Delta Pi Mcetii g Thursday night August 5 at ■■ iO in room 302 of the Union It ifa very important that all members who will be here next semcbtei be present —JOHNSON August Graduates All men Eiginceiing and Science eiaduatc should lepoit to the Personnel Office as oon a po sible U com plete their lersonriel cards Also laculty recommendat On sheets should be tuned in before graduation —CASON Freshman Engineers All freshman enti neeis will meet Sat ii la> August at 8 a m as follows I irst term freshmci ii Lectuie Ro m hi Building Second teim fteshmen enemceis m et accoiduv. to ehool choices as f II ws Ch mica! and Meta! lurgieal Engine rs in Cium c 1 ind Metal lurgica! Engineering Building f ivil Lngi neers in Civil Ei,,,reering Build n Me chanieal an 1 Aer ni tical Engineers ir Me chanieal Engmeeiiig Building Lleetr tal Engineers in Plectneal hiijint ii ^ Build ing Rooms in whieh the gioups will meet will be fo in 1 j st d t ma i < r ti nc f each building Imiortanl that all fitshmen be present —KNAPP
Typewriters Adding maenmes all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph woik done C J Ebershoff 605 Main -.-•afayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 401 Columbia Help Wanted—Stu lent foi 30 t 1 houis per weel ioi woik directly lelalcl to war effort I lob ble defciment for duration of project Silaiy dependent upon quahfica lions See W B Ligett Room 14 Chemis tiy Building Waiter wanted to woik in fiaternity house Those interested please call Lairy Fleisch man 21 Lost—I Old Englm wrist watch in men s lost room on second flooi of Union L<ath r strap Call 01b foi Noimari Atz Large
reward
Found—K & E slide lule w th name Sim ucl I isenstcin on it Call 438b and ask foi Lee Rucl Wanted—Students to ieliver the Exponent thiee days u week Api ly at th Cuculilion Department in the Exponent office Wanted—Three men stu lent to do en eidl janitoi woik one hour daily mil thiee hours on Satuiday in exchange for private apa tmei t with i r vale b ith 1 itchenetU electric refiif,eiator individuil beds with inner springs and all utilities iurnishcd Write stilin,, iicisonal quahhcations ige draft stitu year in school leligion etc Box 100 Exponent Female Help Wanted—Giils with two oi more years ot college eiedit Api ly it Wa lermar School Cincii nati Ohio
FOOTBALL PRACTICE
After watching the football team go thiough then fiist day of sciimiiidge foi the summer piactice session, one realizes that the gridmen have d lot of practice before them before they are leady to tackle the Great Lakes eleven As was to be expected, the fiist day of sciimmage was not completed without a number of mistakes being made Since some of the playeis weie a bit tense in the opening dull, fumbles were not infiequent A few days of sciimmage will soon lelieve this tenseness, and the team will leally be able to get down to woik Theie is no doubt in anyone’s mind that the summei dulls will seive then pin pose to put the team m tip top shape foi the opening day of the regular season
NAVY REGULATIONS
Alter leading the decision of the Navy Depaitment legaiding football among its s^ivice we began to wonder just what effects it would have on the Boileimaker giid team Woid fiom Athletic Diiectoi Mackey tells us that the team will not be affected by the ruling, because all the trips that will be made are such that the team will not be gone more than 48 hours The ruling states that the teams will play only those opponents which are located m the same intercollegiate zone, and that a team is not to remain away fiom its station longer than 48 hours
HERE AND THERE
Congratulations to Emmett Lowery on his commission in the Navy The coaching staff and the playeis will miss the congenial end coach, but the Navy will be glad to get such a good fellow m then ranks Homer Allen, who is Cl OSS countiy coach along with Heimon Phillips, infoims us that he is planning a meeting Fiiday afteinoon at 5 foi all inteiested in cross countiy this fall He said that he will make it shoit so that the seivice men can get to chow on time It seems that some of the Univeisity advanced ROTC cadets that left fofi’ camp at the beginning of tjiis semester are doing very rvell in camp athletics Down at Ft Bragg, Pvt Robert Baker, foiniei “B ’ team end, was recently lefeiied to as a ghost ot Johnny “Not hit’ Vandei Mere aftei he had pitched a no hit shutout in an intia legimental softball game Bob succeeded in stiikiiig out six teen batteis duiing that game His batteiy mate, John Balinei, is also a foimer ROTC cadet It looks as though the East will be without a major football team this season as we see the powerful Boston College discarded the game for the duration
Lowery Receives Navy Commission Once again the Riveters’ loss becomes the Navy’s gam, tor Emmett Lotveiy yesteiday received his orders to report for duty as a gunnery instructor at Jacksonville, Fla , on Monday
Lowery will leceive a commission as lieutenant (i g )
Lowery joins two of his foimei colleagues, Dutch Fehring and Mel Taube, as officeis of the U S. Navy Being on the five in his scmoi yeai he captained
same team as Dutch Fehiing the tennis team
IS no novfelty to Emmett, as he
Guy Mackey, athletic director,
, , ,, , , said that he was soiiy to see Low played on the football and has- ^he staff as he is a giand ketball teams with him in their fdiow and a good coach Mackey undergiaduate days heie in 1933 34 also stated that no plans had been
Assistant Basketball Coach Since the dopaituie of Taube, Loweiy has taken the duties of assistant basketball coach and coach on the football staff Befoie he became coach this spiing Emmett had been in chaige ol the lieshman gi Kill on squad Loweiy joined the staff a ycai ago, coming back to the Boiloimakei institution liom the River Falls State Teacheis College in Wisconsin, where he had served as athletic diiectoi and head loot ball and basketball coach Captained Icnnis leani
made as jet to find a leplacoment foi Loweiy
Songfest
(Continued fiom page 1)
the Aimy 4.u Coips song and the
U S Field Aitilleiy song
Wives, sisteis and sweetheaits ot seivicemen came in lor then shaio of gloiy when they were asked to st uid as the ciowd sang “Let Me Call You Sweetheait” With gusto, the audience swung into the last gioup of songs, populai ones in-
While an undcigiaduate heie eluding “In My Aims” and “Johnny Lowery was on the football team Zeio”, and finished off m tiaditionand vaisity guaid on the basketball al stylo with “God Bless Ameiica ”
Eugenia Vater First Editor Of Monthly Paper By Jack Abbett On December 16, 1889, the three literary societies on the campus got together and formed a staff for the first issue of the first volume of the proposed Purdue Exponent. The paper had not, however, its present day size It was an 8 by 10 inch booklet sized newspaper that generally contained about twenty-five
pages
This was not the first newspaper that had appeared on the Purdue campus It had been antedated by The Pm due, which had been begun some seven yeais eailiei Ihe Purdue had to stop publication because of an obiectionable issue that was published in its fifth yeai of publi-
cation
Ihe fust editoi of the Exponent was its fiist and last coed editoi, Eugenia Vatei This lady of the pi ess had the ticklish job of keeping the thiee liteiaiy societies m hainiony and jet seeing that the best qualified and most deseiving students leceived jobs The liteiaiy society ponflict was settled by the appointment of thiee literaly editoi s, one fiom each of the thiee so
cieties
The fiist volume of the Exponent contained six monthly numbeis, and sold foi one dollai a veai The foi lowing yeai theie was little pampeiing of the liteiaiy societies—although the liteiaiy societies’ powei wasn’t completely destioyed foi al most fifteen yeais—and the staff was moie lepiesentative of the student body The make up did not change foi the fiist editois had set a veiy high standaid and theie was little to be impioved upon Theie was howevei a gieatei vaiiety of news and this made the Exponent sell much fastei At the beginning of the school year in 1895, the papei changed to a bi monthly publication The new bimonthly did not leinain veiy con sistent in its publication dates and the papci was published whenevei tne pi Intel decided that it was time foi the Exponent’s leadeis to le ceive a p ipei Ihe papei changed little in its makeup letaining the old gold and black fiont page, the colpi of which in extent copies has today laded to gieciiisli yellow The paper was now appioaching the regular iiiagizine size When the 1899 1900 staff was elected, it was instiucted to put the Exponent on a weekly basis and keep it there The 1899 paper was about sixteen pages thick, and except for the covei, diffeied little fiom its eailier foi ms With the final ipeeting of the out going electoral boaid and the four
Foundation To Hold Barn Dance Party Johnny Marks and the WBAA Polk-a-Whjrlers will lead a group of folk dances at the Barn Dance Party to be given by Wesley Foundation Friday night at 8 p m Social dancing will also be featured in the program, and refreshments will be served for fifteen cents per per-
son
All students ate invited to attend. According to those in charge of the party, guests are to come dressed in their old clothes and prepared for a real old-fashioned time Frosh Engineer Deadline Set Satuiday, is the deadline date foi second semester freshmen engineering students to choose a particular school, or curricula, according to W A Knapp, associate dean of engineering Dean Knapp’s office, located in the Executive Building, will accept applications until noon Saturday Students who do not file a notice of choice of school may he assigned to any school whose quota is not filled Fust teim engineering students are not required to file their choice of school until the end of the semiteim Jukebox Jamboree Draws Service Men Yesterday’s Jukebox Jamboree in the North Ballroom of the Union diew a good crowd of servicemen since the dance was changed to Wednesday afternoons Admission was flee to encourage comers, and more coeds are urged to come and make the dances successful Music IS furnished by recoids, the last dance of the semester will be held next Wednesday accoiding to Union officials 1 liteiaiy societies and repiesentatives of the foui classes in the University, it was decided to demand that the staff foi the following year change the Exponent to a daily newspaper This staff foi 1906 and ’07 piomised to make the paper a daily if it was humanly possible It was, and the first daily Exponent was published on the morning of Octobei 2, 1906 To Be Continued
Two Teams Advance In Greek Softball Tourney Play-Offs The fir st of the final play off games were played last night Sigma Phi Epsilon and the Pi Kappa Phi beat the Phi Sigma Thetas 7 to 1 Stuart, of the Sig Eps hit a double early in the game with the ba:ses loaded, to drive m three tuns. Bob Sautter, also of the P K Phi Sig Ep team, nailed an opponent at the plate who on the previous play had hit a triple The Sig Eps and the Pi Kappa Phis will play the wmnei of the A T 0 -Phi Sigma Kappa vs Navy Flight 1 game which will be played tonight The other final game last night was won by the Lambda Chi Alpha’s and the Sigma Pi’s as they defeated the Theta Chi’s and the Pi Kappa Alpha’s 12 to 1 The Lambda Chi’s and the Sig Pi’s got eleven of then luns in the third inning and the twelfth run in the fourth These twelve luns were made on only six hits and as many eriois In the fourth, the Theta Chi’s and Pi K A almost had another run when Dick Blank tiled to stretch a tuple into a homer but was put out
at the plate
The Lambda Chi’s and the Sig Pi’s will play the Beta Sigma Psi’s Monday night. Then the final game will be playedThprsday, August 12, V-12 IM Schedules Navy Softball Thursday, August 5—6 30
Diamond—
1-
-Al
vs
Mai
me
11
2-
-A2
vs
Mai
me
10
3-
-A3
vs
Marine
9
4-
-A4
vs
Mai
me
8
5-
-A5
vs
Mai
me
7
6-
-A6
vs
E 4
7-
-A7
vs
E3
8-
-A8
vs
E2
9-
-C4
vs
El
10-
-B2
vs
B3
12-
-B4
vs
D6
18-
-B5
vs
D6
14-
-B6
vs
15-
-B7
vs
D3
16-
-B8
vs
D2
17-
-Cl
vs
D1
18-
-C2
vs
C3
20-
-C5
vs
C6
Army Softball 6 30 p. m. 21— A,rmy B2 vs Army D3 Fraternity Softball 6’30 p. m. 22— A TO & Phi Sigma Kappa
vs Navy Flight 1
Victory Varieties BBGGER and BETTER
Pi Tau Sigma Soltball tame with I\IL f id Iti ill ibd y aitcinoon A igusl o t 4 1> m on (liamontl at south end of Intiamuril Field Come oU foi th la t Lame of the bcm stei -GLNiLLS Eta Kappa Nii Important met tint, Til cl i\ Jil\ 0 t 1 111 111 loom 30 ol liL Ui 10 1 11 jbL attti cl lor olctti n i olln, is CIIOUSL All Students Do you wai t to uo on i lie le b 1 d ly Itcri oo i Well then ici d the chuicli c-olumn ol the Saturday Lxponent lor luithtr inform ition -lUlHl RAN SrUDLMb Debris Impoitant juii) r ucl ni i slall me. til 1, today at 1 i m in the Debris oil let o WISKE Debris Th 1 ai (| itt i» I It held in tht Tc vlti H t 1 b it id y Aui, st 7 it 7 i ni Ktys aid tomps will bt ivtn out I ih it time WlSKl
She Wanted’^a Part in Winning the War! ANN, A REAL AMERICAN GIRL, JOINS THE WAVES
Mahs meup$> are MOW OM ACT\M£ DUTY BUT5HE 5rAV5 ON FOR SPECIALTRAINING
fom OF THE WA\/B^ ARB IN JACIC50NVILLE,FLORIDA AT ONE OF the newest and eRmBSF OF NAVY AIR BASES
Other waves who trained WITH ANN ARE NOW ON ACTIVE DUTY IN New YORK CITY...
7 —SPECTACULAR ACTS~7 — presenting— Maurie Stein and His Chez Paree Orchestra
%
)■ t
J