.H,
-
^,:.T-:rv ./V-^vr:''=■■■-' ■ - •■ ■ - ^ ^ ... , .V . , ' ' /
Exponent Will Carry Nazi Series
^ "Where Hitler Stands Volume S2, No. 90
Now" By Wallace Deuel To Begin Tomorrow
/
xponenf
jm JOm^^ Sttfcm
West Lafayette* Indiana
Thursday* lonuary 9, 1911
An inside story of life in Hitler's Europe, the story of the Nazi revolution and its meaning to Americans, is told in a series of 11 articles by Wallace R. Deuel, Berlin correspondent of the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, which will run daily in the Exponent, starting tomorrow. Deuel has served in Berlin f6r the past six years, arriving there soon after the advent of the Nazi xegime. He has just returned to the United States. His stories will cover the Nazi’s relations with their own people, and with their partners in the Axis—Vitaly, Rpssia, and Japan —as well as the true German attitude toward the Umted States. Nazi Attitude Toward U. S. Of particular significance is Deuel’s statement of the National Socialists’ attitude toward the ■United States: “Hitler does not need to have us for him. He needs only to have 2& per cent of our people undecided, not knowing what to do. That will be enough. As Hitler has said in ‘Mein Kampf,’ confusion and indecision are the beat weapons in the fight against democracy.” “The people of Europe,” Deuel says, "are terribly tired. They-are all in a morbid state of mind. They are less indignant at outrage, less jubilant at victory; they suffer less from pain. The German people, who have seen their promise of quick victory dissipated, are back in their old state of numbed hopelessness— but they will go ahead fighting this war as well as ever.” Subjects Of Articles The eleven articles the first of which will appear tomorrow in the Exponent, concern the following subjects: 1. Morbid State of Mind of Continental Europe, 2. Tactics and Strategy of Terror—^Tools of the Nazi Regime, 3. Hitler and the Nazi Hierarchy, 4, German View of the War—How They Expect to Finish It This Spring, 5. Internal Conditions in Germany—Food Supply, How Much Damage Done by the British, 6. What's Going on in German Occupied Countries, 7. Hitler’s relations with Russia and Japan, 8. Hitler’s Relations With Italy, 9. The Fifth Column—and What It Really Is, Contrasted with Popular Ideas About It, 10. German Policy Toward the United States—How They Depend Upon Divided Opinion to Keep America Paralyzed, 11. What Kind of a World We Will Live In If Hitler Wins. j.l.t. Como Will Feature Creation Of Speech With Voder Device Lecture and demonstration on “The Artificial Creation of Speech” by Dr. J. 0. Perrine, assistant vicepresident of the American Telephone and Telegraph Co., will be given at a special convocation to be held in the Music Hall on January 29. This lecture will be open to the student body and the general public. Dr. Perrine will demonstrate the “Voder,” an electrical arrangement corresponding to the human speech mechanism in its production and completeness of speech control. This machine will be played by a girl operator from a console which resembles an old fashioned organ. In his talk. Dr. Perrine will discuss speech sounds and their basic elements while the girl operator at the “Voder” will demonstrate his points. Prior to the evening lecture. Dr. Perrine'will discuss some of the more technical features of the “Voder” 'at a special meeting sponsored by the student section o? the AIEE. d.w.o. Funeral Services . . . for Walter C. Taylor, father of H. B. Taylor of the agriculture department, will be held tomorrow afternoon. Services will be held at two o’clock at the Baptist Church at Brown’s Valley,
i-M-From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News to Chicago Daily New| Foreign Service. Oopyrigbt, 1040. Chicago Daily News, Inc. • Zero Hour For Bulgaria “Today is the zero hoim for Bulgaria—maybe,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington. “Official Washington remains just a trifle skeptical. For the known facts do not yet quite jibe with all thus thun-
der of threats.”
• 'A Creative Lull' “A creative pause,” says a German newspaper, explaining the present lull in the Nazi participation in the war. An analogy is cited in. the period a year ago which preceded the lightning attacks against Norway, Denmark, the Lowlands and France.
• Italians/Lose 150,000 Men The Italian losses, as figured by the British and the Greeks, total 150,000 men—killed, wounded, captured and missing The; British claim 70,000 prisoners in .Africa. The Greeks say 35,000 sick and wounded Fascists have been shipped home from Albania.
o Nazi Press Denounce F.D.R. Officially inspired German press comment on the Roosevelt message to Congress will be stronger than that which followed his fireside chat on Dec. 29, radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. The President’s words will be called “arrogant” and it will be said that “whatever the United States does is now too late.”
• Leahy Arrives At Vichy “At noon today American Ambassador Leahy presented his credentials to Marshal Petain,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy, “and the people of France came to realize that under veil of this purely protocol ceremony something momentous was taking place. Traditional friendship . . . was once more a reality.” PIA Will Feature Hit Tunes At Tea Dance Saturday PIA will hold a tea dance Saturday afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union from 3:00 to 5:30 o’clock. The past season’s musical hits will be featured by recordings. All co-eds will be admitted free, PIA members and dates will be admitted by membership cards, and others will be charged a dime. r.s.k.
Student Tickets Beginning today and continuing through Tuesday, students may exchange their coupons for reserve seats at the Indiana, Illinois and Chicago basketball games on February 1, 3 and 8, respectively, as announced recently. The behedule is as follows: seniors, today; juniors, tomorrow; sophomores, Monday; freshmen, Tuesday.
Duo-Pianists Play Tonight For Convo In Hall Of Music
Uevines Will Offei Duet, Solo Program; Doors Open At 7:15
• Italy Summons 500,000 Italy has summoned to the colors 500,000 youths, 19 to 20 years old, of the class of 1921 and 1922. Some of these, it is said in Rome, may be sent to the front immediately.
• British Surround Tobruk ' Tobruk is now surrounded and in a state of siege, the British report. London believes the Italians must soon lose this great base and stake -everything on a final stand farther west.
Josef and Rosina Lhevine
• British Pass Food Ships Ships loaded with condensed milk for the children of unoccupied France and with wheat for the hungry Spanish people may be allowed to pass through the British blockade, it was said in Washington yesterday. London is reported to have agreed to the plan “in principle.”
Cisne's Band Will Play For P-Men's Blanket Dance After lU Fray Dick Cisne and his nationally famous college band have been engade to play for the P Men’s Blanket Hop, February 1, it was announced yesterday. The dance is cheduled for the night of the Purdue-Indiana basketball fray and will begin immediately after the game. The dance will be informal and tickets will be sold by members of athletic teams, at the west desk in the Union, and at Deckers. Features Two Vocalists Cisne's band, which features two vocalists Marty Duty and Red Miller, has played in many hotels and clubs throughout the middle west. This fall the band played at the Colony Club in Chicago for a five week stand. Prizes of bids tp the dance will be awarded to the two best suggestions for a back drop for the dance. The contest will close on Saturday, January 26. ^ The proceeds of the hop are used to provide blankets for the seniors, r.s.k.
J. R. Ong
. . . EE ’09, resea;;ch engineer of the Cincinnati Street Railway, has been granted a leave of absence to serve as consultant for the Key System, the East Bay Transit Co., and suburban operating subsidiaries of the Southern Pacific Railroad. Ong will study the plan for the unification of the Transbay • service over the San Francisco-Oakland Bay bridge as well as feeder service and local service. Mixed Recreation Friday In Women's Gymnasium For the convenience of all University students, the Women's Gym will be open for mixed^ recreation tomorrow evening fropa 7:30 to 0:30 o’clock. There vdll be swimming, fencing, ping pong, badminton and volleyball. You don’t have to have a date. Come down and meet everyone, v.m.b.
University May Add Secretarial Course To Sumrner Session Course in secretarial training may be added to the summer session of 1941 if a sufficient number of co-eds are interested in taking it, it was announced recently. The course will include typing, shorthand, and office practice, and will be designed for those who have had no previous training along these lines. The course will be non-credit and the fees will be the same as the regular summer school charges with an additional charge for a typewriter if the typing course is taken. The number of women interested in this course will be determined by questionnaires which have been sent to all the women’s living centers, and which are now available at the west desk of the Union for any women who have not yet received them. The establishment of this course depends entirely upon the response to the questionnaire, which should be filed out and turned in as soon as possible. No obligation is attached to the filling out of these blanks, j.p. High Schools To Give Courses In Defense Rural youth of Indiana between the ages of 17 .and 24 will be given an opportunity to obtain the technical training which is vital to national defense by a series of farm shop courses offered by the U. S. Office of Education. According to Z. M. Smith, of the agriculture extension staff and state supervisor of agricultural education, these classes will be established in the high schools of the state and participation in "the program will be completely voluntary. Courses will be offered in the care of motorized equipment, metal working, wood working, and elementary electricity. A high school may offer any one or all of these courses provided it is willing to meet the requirements established by the Office of Education. M.p.
This evening, in a regular University convocation, Josef and Rosina Lhevine, famous duo-pianists, will present a concert in the Music Hall at 8 o’clock.. The doors will open at 7:15 and admission will be by passports and season tickets. A limited number of tickets for the concert will be available at the door for one dollar. Born In Moscow The Lhevines, now American citizens, were born in Moscow and both are honor graduates of the Moscow Imperial Conservatory of Music. They have been playing together for almost half a century, and today are among the best coordinated of dual artists. Moreover, each is an artist in his own right and usually each concert contains solo as well as dual numbers on the program. For over a dozen years, the Lhevines have been members of the faculty of the Juilliard Graduate School in New York, and they spend a part of each year teaching. Difficult Type Of Music They insist that two-piano playing is not just a stunt but a serious and very difficult kind of music. “In two-piano playing, it is of the utmost importance that the performers are in complete sympathy with each other and able to think and feel in common. Often at our own joint concerts a change of acoustics, even a change of mood have demanded alterations in playing which would be impossible for people who were not accustomed to being in complete coordination.” r.s.k. Kraybill Will Speak To AC S Chapters In Lecture Series Dr. Harry R. Kraybill, head of the agricultural chemistry department, will make a platform tour of the cooperating sections of the American Chemical Society in the central states during the latter half of this month. “The Chemistry and Utilization of Soy Beans” is the subject for the-series of lectures. Kraybill is substituting for Dr. Harold C. Urey, Columbia University, who was originally scheduled to make this tour. Because of pressing work in connection with national defense. Dr. Urey was forced to cancel the engagement. Stresses Soy Bean Importance In his addresses Dr. Kraybill will stress the. importance of soy beans as the only commercial source of stigmasterol in this country. Stigmasterol is a plant sterol that is especially suitable for the synthesis of some of the sex hormones. Soy beans also contain proteins of high nutritive value and of industrial promise. The beans are also a source of soya oil, sterols, saponins, phosphatides, flavine, sucrose and sugar staclyose. Dayton, Ohio, on January 21 is the first stop on Kraybill’s itinerary. The remainder of his our includes: Cincinnati, Ohio, on January 22; Charleston, South Carolina,,on the,,23rd; Indianapolis on the 24th; Lexii^ton, Ky., on the 27th; and LouisvUle, 'Ey** on the 2Sth. Kraybill will concede his tour here on the campus speaking before the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society on January 20. d.t.b.
Bill Carlsen Will Play For Forestry Ball Bill Carlsen and his band will pro> vide the music for the informal Foresters’ Ball tomorrow nigdit in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 till 12:00 o’clock. A number of popular novelties will be featimed although most of the tunes will be played in Carlsen’s straight
sweet style. ■
Band Features Mickey Dowd Featured with the band is Irish tenor Mickey Dowd, a native of Oak Park, 111., who, became a member of the organization after an audition in Chicago’s Trianon ballroom.
Mickey Dowd
Besides plasdng there, Carlsen and his “boys,” as he calls them, have played at the Aragon and the Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago, Elitch’s Gardens in Denver, the Claridge Hotel in Memphis and the Nicollet Hotel in Minneapolis. Graduate of Wisconsin After graduating from the University of Wisconsin, Carlsen played clarinet and saxophone under Willard Robison and Jan Garber before foiming his own band. He has his commercial pilot’s license and a second lieutenant’s commission in the Army Air Corps Reserve. Some of his hours in the air have been spent in piloting his band to and from its engagements. “The Band of a Million 'Thrills,” as Carlsen’s organization has been titled, recently came out first in a popularity poll conducted by the Milwaukee JournaL The band’s theme song, “Sincerely Yours,” was composed by the maestro himself. Xi Sigma Pi, honorary forestry fraternity, and the Forestry club are sponsors of the dance tomorrow night. Tickets, priced at one dollar, may be obtained from members of these organizations or at the west desk of the Union. m.lJ. PesI Control Workers Study Insecticides Termites occupied the attention of more than one hundred pest control operators from sixteen states attending the fifth annual pest control conference sponsored by the University. Today the delegates will discuss the chemistry, preparation and uses of insecticides. W. K McCauley, assistant entomologist of the Illinois Natural History Survey, Urbana, as visiting entomologist will speak today on the main causes of the deterioration' of buildings and pra«tices which will help control such deterioration. McCauley is co-au-thor of an illustrated circular* “Outwitting Termites in Illinois,” published by the Illinois Natural History Survey. This evening the annuad banqueA will be held in the Uniem Building with President E. G. Elliott acting as toastmaster. Dr. P. B- Knl|^ director of the £du<»tioii and Ap* plied psychology departmuat, u# he the princ^ speaker, oj#*5r. 4*
''H
fia0jL 2 - £dlJte^dalL
Thursday* Jcttiuary 9, 1941
ipjuJidujL £xponant
The ^fh Columil
Franklin D. sent his budget in to Coligress yesterday. He wants ten billion dollars just to buy guns «nd tanks. Personally we think it would be more efficient if Roosevelt would just tell Adolf that he could have the ten billion if he’d behave himself and go a long way away. And yon know where we’d like to see him go. ^ ^ Bardia fell, Britain gained 30,000 moi*e non-paying boarders, and Mussolini put 600,000 niore men in his army. In addition to all this the British have expressed a definite desire to protect Mussolini’s base at Tobruk ... From Italian invasion. * * * We read today that Adolf was sending some soldiers down into Italy to help his friend Benny, the balcony boy. If Benny has any memory he’ll remember how Adolf protected Denmark, Norway, and Belgium from invasion. Then he’ll start wondering if Adolf will believe him ... When he says he doesn’t need anymore help. * * * Up in Germany the Nazi press broke out in the usual post-Roosevelt-speech rash of anti-American editorials. The occasion of it all this time was Prexy’s speech to Congress Monday. According to them, F. D. R. is a naughty boy and harbors evil intentions toiVard Germany. Just because he doesn’t ask Adolf to bring his toys and come over. * * * We see where F. D. R. has organized a four man committee to make industry get on the ball and turn out cannonballs and what not with more speed. He says that industry is too slow and that this committee
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50.
Editor-in-Chlef » Business Manager
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor — . . J. H. McKee Managing Editors D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruifner, K. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, G. C. Landers, Promotion Manager, C F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R, J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P- Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. 0. Johnson, R O Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave,, New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Issue Editor: Kolb Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff O L Allanson, D T Brophy, F I Jones, M L Losey, V Barson, D Ochiltree, R Boswinkle, J Petty, J Smith D E Butz, L Slane, W H Hummell, O T Clark, J D Fraser, P B Lewis
IS going to do something about it. We think it’s a good idea to make industry speed up. But how’s this committee going to do it. Get a Simon Degree coat and crack a whip over the heads of prominent financeers Z o.l a.
-The Ratio— 3.93 • • • to 1
There have been so many pins given and taken during vacation, so this column is going to deal entirely with the love issue today. We’ll start with the pins. First we have Delt Gam., Virginia Creson, and Sigma Nu, Bob Paetz. That’s all in the D. G. house. Come-on gals, on the ball. As usual, we have a mess of them from the Chi O. house. They’re going to run out of girls pretty soon. To start vsrith, Nancy Sacksteder took an off-campus Sig pin. Beth McCool also took an off-campus pin only hers is a D. U. Phyllis Julian gave in, too, and took Bob Keim’s Kappa Sig. pin, and that takes care of the pins in the Chi 0. house. Alpha Chi’s Sport More Pins Next we go to the Alpha Chis and they really have a mess of them. First we have Dottie Sieb and Phi Delt, Ralph Nesler, then Betty Lay and another Phi Delt, Jim Jackson, Kay Vemor and Bud McQuillan— Phi Kappa Sig., Barbara May and Bud Evers—another Phi Kappa Sig, and that’s all for them. Kappa house is next, and there we pick up Bobbie Walker and Beta, Bob Stanball. In the Pi Phi house we have Marge Brown and Sig, Bill Carson, and Elaine Danner and Beta Mary Carpenter. Jane Brisco of the Fuzzies took Acacia, Chuck Skinner’s pin. To finish with the pin situation, we also had two that went back. The ones who are now back in circulation are Becky Ann Pervine of the Alpha Chis and Jim Chase of the SPE’s. Why don’t you two get together? Flash Diamonds We have a mess of new diamonds on the campus, too. Marie Johnson, Alpha Chi, has one from out of town. So has Laverne Bans, XO, as has Mary Beth Thornburg, Phi Mu, and Margaret Young, Fuzzie. Jane Schuller and Marilyn McKnight, both of the Kappa house, also have off-campus rings, as has Peggy Terstegge, of the Theta house. Ona Morrison of the Alpha Chi house is also flashing a diamond from offWmpus man. More Engagements Now for the on-campus nngs. Thelma Bugber and Mary Beard both Pi Phis, have rings from /Charley Fisher and Herb Richmond, respectively, both independents. Jean Skinner, Kappa, and Helen Ritchie, Alpha Chi, are also engaged to Eddie Loveless, Kappa Sig, and Tom Gardner, Beta, respectively. That’s all, thank goodness! Along the same line, there are about 80,000,000 married people in these United States and 40,000,000 of them are men. Isn’t that amazing. Just thought you'd like to know.
WAA
By Virginia Barson Class volleyball teams are ready to vie for the honor of carrying the cup home. Here are the teams and their players: freshmen team: Jean Spicher, Betty Galbraith, Harriet Campbell, Mary Boyd, Betty Hutchins, Nelda Byrum, Helene Huston, Georgeanna Galloway, Christine Smith and Evelyn Menefee. Sophomore - senior team: Mary Ann Bachelder, Gail Hennis, Shirley Emhoff, Shirley Johnson, Ruth Walker, Mary Ann Glick, Jane Fishleigh, Lee Westover, Jean Van Sickle, and Jane Blank. —WAA— Junior team: Mary Pidgeon, Esther Kirkhoff, Betty Van Nice, Ellen Suttner, Kathryn Ade, Juanita Kersey, Elizabeth McKee, Opal Bla-
One of the Great Dramas ot Our Time..
Soldier of fortune and beauty . . . tycoon and killer . . . coward and phoney crusader . . . their dangerous journey fills the screen with thrills!
II the screen s power unleashed in one mighty thunderbolt of nervelashing drama!
JWII lULUDW'liayitL^ COOPER'IIUH BUXtER! TODAY - FRI. - SAT.—
THE SCREEN SCOOP OF THE YEAR! Bud ABBOTT and Lou COSTELLO Radio Sensations of 'I'm a boaod bo/ Fame
Personnel Notes
Company: Food Machinery Corporation, Hoopeston, 111. Company’s Products: Special food-packing machineiy. Types of Positions: Engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineers. Particularly interested in men living near Hoopeston, Illinois.
W. F, Graham . . . superintendent of the Purdue Agiicultural Conference, will serve as referee for a quiz between five Indiana women and the same number of Illinois women that will be broadcast over WLS, Chicago, today at noon. The quiz will cover important farm questions, and will originate on the University of Illinois campus.
grave, Alice Reed and Monica Buergler. Game schedules are as follows* Thuisday, January 9, juniors will play the freshmen; Monday, Januaiy 13, the sophomores-seniors will vie with the juniors An All Star Black and Gold team will be chosen when the tournament IS over.
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS SENSATIONAL REVELATIONS of crime behind the crimes in a great prison!.. Daring drama with romance, laughs!
nfMor .Nillioiiaiies in Prison LINDA HAYES
— PLUS — Thrilling Drama of the Arizona Horse Country
lOAN BSODEL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Company: Square D Company, Milwauke, Wis. Company’s Products: Industrial Control Equipment. Types of Positions: Training for Sales or Engineering. Training Desired: EE, ME—January men. Those interested must sign up not later than Saturday, January 11.
Company: Essex Wire Corporation, Detroit, Mich. Company’s Products: Wire Pioducts. Types of Positions: Manufacturing Cost Accounting. Training Desired: ME— courses in cost accounting.
Company: Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Chicago, 111. Company’s Products: Steel products. Representative: L. G. Andrews. Date of Visit: Monday and Tuesday, February 3 and 4. Will Interview: EE, ME, MetE, ChE. Types of Positions: Training course.
Company: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pa. Company’s Products: Insulating materials, floor coverings, etc. Representative: J J. Evans, Jr.; G. Kittridge. Date of Visit: Monday, February 10. ME EE, ChE—technical sales, engineering, production supervision. Organic Chemists, PhD, resins research. Physicists, PhD. Chemists and ChE, BS, research laboratory. Sophomores and Juniors, Chemistry and ChE for summer jobs. Information regarding opportunities with this company may be seen at the Personnel Office.
Company: University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minn. Public administration training center. Types of Positions: Pre-Service Fellowships in Public Administration. Training Desired: Agriculture, Engineering, Science—^major in social sciences Applications must he submitted to Mr Lloyd M. Short, Secre-
I’m glad he found somebody with a button off—^he woke up with a toothache, his toast was burnt, and his corns are fretting him again!”
tary, not later than February 15 These applications must be secured from the Personnel Office
Alpha Zeta
. . . national agricultural honorary fraternity, received national recognition in a history and scrap book contest last week at a national conclave in Chicago. The local chapter was represented by Gene Snyder and Phillip Johnson. The trophy will be placed on display in the Alpha Zeta-Ceres display case in Agricultural Hall.
ARC
BALLET DANCING CLASS FOR CO-EDS SAT.,JAN. 11,11KK) A.M. ADVANCED TAP CLASS FOR ADULTS OPENS TO-NIGHT 6:30 P.M. ALLEN’S «TH ft PERBT
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
In $uipens« ... romanca and thritUi
Rcdph Bellamy .ELLERY QUEEN Margoral Lindiay • NIKKI PORTER
ELLERY OUEEN Mastei Detective with Charley Grapewln
George HATES Carol BVGHES
LATEST POPULAR HITS
PHONOGRAPH R^ECORDS Dream Valley A Nightengale Sang in Berkeley Sqiiare Sammey Kaye . Victor 20795 . 50c Frenesi Adios, Mariquita Linda Artie Shaw . . Victor 26542 . . 50c The Bad Humor Man I'd Know You Anywhere Kay Kyser . Columbia 35761 . 50c I Do, Do You Isola Bella Dick Jurgens . . Okeh 5898 . . 35e You Made Me Love You Do You Ever Think of Me Bing Crosby and Merry Maes . . Decea 3423 35c I Hear a Rhapsody The Moon Is Crying for Mo Charlie Barnet . . . . . . Bluebird 10834 . . . 35e We Three My Greatest Mistake Ink Spots .... Decea 3379 . . . 35c
SHEET MUSIC Along The Santa Fe Trail 35c A Nightengale Sang In Berkeley Square s^e Dream Valley 35c Ferry-Boat Serenade 3Sc Frenesi 35fe I Hear a Rhapsody 350 Who Am I .. 35e You Say the Sweetest Things 35e
In the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.-' ": ;,: ,A,£'& » •'. •-'''":rHi^‘'\'r>; V- --"."-A,
fiiVuluiL SxpMmdi
Thursday, January 9, 1941
fia^iL 3-SfitfdA,
Boxen, Matmen Prep For Coming Bouts
Illinois Normal Grunters Next Foe For Wrestlers Ironing out the rough spots brought about by a long period of vacation inactivity, Clau^le- Reeck, varsity coach, sent his, matmen through a workout yesterday afternoon that covered all phases of conditioning. At present Coach Reeck is primarilyconcerned with keeping his squad physically fit until final examinations are completed. The Boilermakers will open the second Semester schedule on February 3 when they oppose Illinois Normal on the latteij’s mat. TheNormal crew is rated as one of the better small college outfits and ban always- be counted upon to provide a close contest for the Riveters, since the two have been meeting for the past few seasons and have built up something of a minor rivalry. Personnel Captain Jungels at 146 pounds leads a strong Normal gang which has six returning lettermen from -the 1940-41 team. Others are Russell, 128 pounds; Wright, 166 pounds; Fleming, 166 pounds; and Wesley, heavyweight. Hospelhorn, a 166 pounder, is thought by many to be one of the most outstanding performers in this sector. The coach at Illinois Normal, disclosed Coach Reeck, believes Hospelhorn will be the best matman to ever don the Normal togs. This evening at 4:30 p. m., pictures of the 1940 National Intercollegiate Wrestling Championships, which were held last year at Champaign, Illinois, will be shown in the P Men’s room of the Fieldhouse. o.t.c.
Pugilists In Training For Golden Gloves Struggles Members of the varsity and freshmen boxing teams were working out last night in the Fieldhouse in anticipation of the annual Golden Gloves bout which will start in Lafayette, January 22. Although the bouts will have already have started Purdue will not enter the matches until tfie twenty-ninth because of finals. Whether or not the increase in attendance at the meetings of the Boxing Club is due to the approach of the Golden Gloves is not known, but it is true that there are at present about 40 members of the club working out in the Fieldhouse. This attendance is increasing steadily. A badge has been ordered for all of the initiated members of the club who are working out once a week. Come Out Although the membership of the Boxing Club has been steadily increasing, anyone interested in boxing is cordially invited to come out for the club. Boxing is a sport that every man should know something about, and this is a splendid opportunity to learn under the experienced eye of Joe Benna. Leading the list of candidates who will represent the Riveters in the local Gloves contest is defending champion Jack Trelfall. Trelfall won the 126-pound title last year in Lafayette, and he will defend that title in this year’s matches. A few of the more promising candidates in this year’s contest are Ed Miyamasu, John Pyle, Jim Beers, Don Reeser, Bill Ball and Mickey Nau. w.h.h.
Toiletries. Street FkKNr
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main Street
BELT OF THE
AiiQQf % Aif Amn dMloMdl iMe eioep^ ^POiDPeAi'AMhA
New Spring Modes Stress Belts See the exciting new advance styles in our^pring resort group. AM hand-made by "SCHAFFER" including
Argentine Girl $1.00
Hawaiian Girl $1.00
An Irishman’s Illusions By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now that King Basketball has the campus by the horns, there isn’t a lot to talk or write about that will hold interest unless it’s about the hardwood game. Purdue started the defense of its title in a way that I can’t recall another Boilermaker title defender using, and thus all the sport writers here in the middle west are counting the Boilermakers out of the race. —I-I— . ’ I hardly think it sane to count any Lambert coached organization “out” until it has lost four ball games in the league play. And remember, fans, the team that wins the Big Ten basketball crown will lose at least two ball games—aijd maybe three of ’em. —I-I— Indiana plays the Illini this coming Saturday night at the Champaign stronghold,, and the Hoosiers dread going to the home of the Suckers more than they do to Lafayette. And if the Illinois cagers display the driving type of basketball they showed the other night, they’ll run the Indiana kids right back to Bloomington. —I-I— People are wondering what is wrong with the Purdue club, and the answer lies in the glaring fact that Coach Lambert hasn’t as yet found his all important combination. He has two cog wheels that will fit into any combination in Sprowl and Blanken, but the other three posts are as wide open as Mrs. Kelly’s barn after the Chicago fire.
Squashmen Clash With Capital Club The Boilermaker squash team, their game bolstered by experience gained during their recent tour of several easteim colleges, will attempt to avenge a defeat suffered at the hands of the Indianapolis Athletic Club last month when they face the Indianapolis A. C. again this Saturday. This match, the second of a series of three, will be played on the Fieldhouse courts. The racqueters squad representing the Riveters will consist not only of varsity players, but of four or five faculty men also. The eight or nine Varsity competitors will play according to their respective places on the inter-squad ladder. A list according to rank of the varsity players goes as fololws: Mann, Adams, Goldstein, l^cMillan, Green, Smith, Kalbfleish,' Fant, and Hartley. p.b.l.
While he’s on the floor. Bob Igney plays a splendid type of game. Watch him, and you will never see a bad pass from the Gold and Black captain, nor will you see him fumble any leather thrown near him. But he’s small, lacks weight, and can’t be expected to stay up under forty minutes of pounding by 200-pound-ers. —I-I— The late Noble Kizer gave us a lesson in the great word COMBINATION. He spent an entire afternoon showing us the fruitlessness of coaching—if the boys can’t be combined. —I-I— Individually, Horsie Riley, Mick Tierney, Don Blemker, Korschot, Conrad, Caress, Kieffer, and Weber are polished performers—-but can they fit themselves into a combination—a combination that works as “one,” not “three-with-two,” or “four - with - one,” or “two - with - three.”
Developing better apparatus of many kinds at lower cost is a continuous process in the Bell System. It plays a major part in making your telephone service the finest and cheapest in the world. Here is one of many cases in point: Above you see two telephone loading coils—one old, one new. Such coils are spaced at regular intervals along telephone circuits. They reduce electrical losses... help to bring your voice through clearly, strongly over long distances. Through the years, engineers at Bell Telephone Laboratories have succeeded in making these coils smaller and smaller. In so doing, they have greatly reduced the cost per coil, which... multiplied by the millions in use...has helped to keep the cost of out-of-town service low. Why not telephone home at least once a week? Long Distance rates to most points are lowest any night after 7 P. M. and till day Sunday. ^
Lambert Grooms Squad For Wolverine Invasion With the first home conference game in the offing this coming Saturday night, the Riveter hardwood forces lit into last night's practice session with a vigor that bodes no good for the invadingjMichigan Wolverines. One-half of the floor was taken up by a group going over defensive strategy while at the other end the offensive potency of Sprowl, Igney, Weber and others was being warmed up. A long, hard scrimmage topped off the night's work.
Michigan invades the Boilermaker campus unable to boast of a preconference record that even approaches that of the Riveters. The Wolverines opened the year with easy wins over Michigan State and Michigan NornAl but struck snags against Notre Dame, Pittsburgh, and Princeton. Despite these losses, Michigan has looked very strong, even in defeat. Monday night, the Wolverines opened the Big Ten grind playing much the same tune as the Riveters did and dropped the opener to Ohio State, 39 to 49. Wolves Sixth The end of the 1939-40 season found Michigan settled firmly in sixth place in the Big Ten standings with an even break in their games, six wins and six losses. One of the losses can be laid at the Riveter doorstep, with the game played on the Michigan grounds being one of the lowest scoring efforts of the season. However, this year’s Oosterbaan coached team boasts of being a lot less allurgic to baskets. With the graduation of Captain Jim Rae, all-conference center, and Charley Pink, the Wolverines have not only lost a good deal of their scoring punch, but also most of their height. This puts them in the same boat as the Riveters and Saturday’s game will find the two quintets evenly matched in height, an occasion which they will probably not enjoy again this year. Rae and Pink accounted for 353 points out of Michigan’s total of 426 garnered during the past season. In winning the Big Ten crown last year, the Riveters rung up 514 points. Soph Flash Rae’s successor at center will probably be rangy Jim Mandler, a sophomore, who has shown considerable promise. Fitzgerald and Sofiak put on a Mutt and Jeff act at the forward spots, Fitzgerald
Freshman Squash Squad Conduds Meeting Tonight Freshmen interested in joining the squash rackets squad are cordially invited to attend a meeting of this squad in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse, tonight at T'tOO p. m., according to Chief Clevett. Squash is a game that is fast becoming popular to athletic men, several reasons account for this popularity, namely, the courts are convenient, numerals are awarded, varsity competition is available, and everyone is inexperienced at the beginning. -Also the expenses are low, and play may be continued after leaving school. This is a splendid opportunity for a freshman to win a numeral. Many seniors areTound each year who regret that they did not investigate the game earlier in their school career. Squash rackets will be loaned for preliminary practice, w.h.h. I M Schedules
7:00 7:16 7:00 7:15 8:00
BASKETBAIJL—TODAY Coart 1—Hogh Toong Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 2—^H. R. Schwartz Ward 29 or 10 vs. Ward 21 or 26. Ward 8 vs. Ward 6 or 40. Theta Tau vs. Alpha Chi Sho. Coart 3—^W. B, McAdams Cary Hal] 10 or 12 vs. Caiqr Hall 1 or 6
SQUASH—TODAY Final Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
ranging six feet four inches from the floor while Sofiak hovers down around five feet seven inches. Captain Herb Brogan and Jim Grissen handle the duties at guard. Tommy Harmon, who also plays a sparkling game of basketball, gave up the sport in order to devote more time to his studies, j.dff.
PRICESl
Complete Line of LEATHER JACKETS
Finger-tip Reversible CAMPUS COATS
PHONE 2237
316 STATE4- TboiiaiL.
Thutsday* January 9, J941
fijujidujL £xfmumL
Hart on Capitol Hill
By C. J. Hart
Around that building were many guards—well armed and watching intently all those who approached the roped-off grounds. Inside that building, I saw the fantastically decorated corridors leading to the House of Representatives Chamber actually boarded off and guarded by more policemen. And when the President arrived in his massive black limousine with the official insignia on the rear doors, he was not so much alone as lonely. Motorcycle Patrol For there were tens of motorcycle patrols preceding—first by one’s and two’s and then in phalanx position. Then the closed car of the President. Then the open cars of secret police and plainclothesmen and uniformed policemen, obviously heavily armed, scanning super-in-tently every move of the awed crowds looking on. These followed by other official cars forming a brisk parade. Considerable protection for one man—and yet, these moves are important today. We are a nation in a precarious position, and we all look toward one man, that bulky, aging Roosevelt. Should someone decide to assassinate him—^who knows ? All this just by way of telling you the color that events in this city take on under the pressure of current events. (Current events. Sim-ple-sounding phrase!) It would seem, from the way sparks are flying on the news front of the world these days, that really there was something to this business of defense, and war, and aid to Biitain. Etc. Etc. Two Opposing Thoughts I cite you two opposing camps of thought that predominate the scene. The first includes the President, the majority of Congress, the whole administrative section of the government, a sizeable majority ( ? ?) of the people, the news-reels, and the pi ess and radios. And Dorothy Thompson. This camp, I believe, says that several things are so, including: We are in danger of attack by the Axis powers. We are being given a period of blessed preparation by the grace of the British Navy. We are being warred upon from within by forces coming from without. They recommend—demand—that we give all aid possible to Britain, Greece, and China. They recommend that we speedily achieve “allout” defense. They tolerate no thought of appeasement or compromise with totalitarianism. That camp dominates. Minority Leaders On the other side of the tracks we have the small minority of leaders headed by several public figures
News of South Campus
Professor G. H. Cutler of the agronomy department will visit the Noblesville Milling Company tomorrow. The Milling Company has been making baking and milling tests of new strains of wheat which Cutler has helped to develop. Cutler will confer with the company upon the results of the tests. The fifth annual State Rural Youth meeting will be held Monday and Tuesday with general headquarters in the Union building. A very interesting program has been arranged for the benefit of the young people, who will come to the campus from all corners of the state.
The 4-H club recently announced the winners and alternates in the four year scholarship contest. Of the 36 winners, John Bailey, Velmar Davis, William McClure, Richard Bailey, Margaret Baughman, Russell Grimes, Richard Rector, Marvin Baxla, Jean Vansickle, Mary Louise Foster, Mary Lou Boyd, Rowena Tyler, Atheleen Bandelier, Mabel Vaughan, Lois Caldwell, Doris Compton, Jean Hinshaw and Dorothy Kemper are students in the University. Also five of the 17 alternates are now enrolled in the School of Agriculture.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR, HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main St^. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 ]9Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Safety Course For Traffic Officials Begins Here Jan. 20
Paul Reedy Will Play For Mixer Saturday
Makielski, T. T. Meachem, J. R. Noland, T. C. OHveria, B. D. Paive, F. E. Sayles, 8. Schmidt, W. H. Shelborn, R. H. Storkmier, G. R. Tippey, D. K. CHnin and W. A. McCarthy. —BROWN.
January 9, at 4 p. m.
-OGDEIM.
I saw the pristine white Capitol Building of this country, bathed in brilliant-sunshine partially reflected by the wooden platform upon which President Roosevelt will stand when he takes the inaugural oath for the third time—I saw that building awaiting the momentous annual message of the President on the state of the Union to his newly-assembled 77th Congress. Grounds Roped Off ■
One of a series of five training courses in “Traffic Enforcement and Public Safety” will be held at the University beginning the week of January 20 and continuing until March 24, The course constitutes ten weekly sessions, each one including instruction, discussion, and field work in the practicalities of modern traffice enforcement. Police officers, sheriffs, prosecutors, town marshals and others completing the course will receive a certificate of merit. J. L. Lingo, director of the Public Safety Institute of the University, and Sgt. P. T. Beverforden of the Indiana State Police will conduct the instructional work assisted by various representatives of safety and traffic organizations. Investigation of accidents, their reports and records, public relations of the police, laws of arrest, and national defense are a few of the topics that will be considered at each of the three hour sessions. Along with the instruction, constructive help will be given the officers to assist them in setting up new systems and activities in the furthering of traffic safety, p.l.b.
Paul Reedy and his Campus Commanders will play for the last Union mixer of the semestej: in the south ballroom Saturday night. The Commanders feature Pete Candole at the trumpet, with Eddie Beardsley and Nona Reedy as singers. The band played at the Trianon ballroom at Terre Haute on Christmas Eve, and placed an engagement in Paris, 111., on New Year’s Eve. This is the second year that' Paul Reedy’s band has been organized. The mixer will begin at 9 o’clock and the usual price of one dollar will be charged, j.d.s.
Camera Club: No more meetingra this semester. —GEPHART.
Newman Club; All affieers miiat iMi tfresent at a business meeting Thursday, January 9, at 5 p. m. in the Union. All members interested in the coming a^mesteir activities should attend, too. —LUBRS.
All Yell Leaders i Practice in Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Thursday and Friday, January 9 and 10. —DELMER.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Meeting Thursday, January 9, at 6 p. m. in the office. —SIMPSON.
Glider Club: Meeting Friday, January 10, at 7 p. m. in room 828 of Union. —KANE.
Silver Mask: All members should be present at the election of officers on Thursday, January 9, at 4:16 p. m. in the Fencing room of the Fieldhouse. . —WEGENER,
Modern Dance Club: Short business meeting Friday. January 10, at 4 p. m. No rehearsals until second semester. —SWOPE.
Wesley Players: Special meeting will be held at the Foundation house on Thursday, January 9, at 7 p. m., —PETERSON.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division C: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday,_January 14, at 4 p. m. changed to rooni 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. -EASTWOOD.
Engineering Group Hears W. T. Miller
Physical Education for Men 9, Division F: Class meeting for Tuesday, January 14, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Junior Military: All Juniors are eligible for entrance into the Distinguished Gun Squad Competition, 166 mm. Howitzer. Squads to consist of: 2 Juniors (Exec, and Ass’t Exec.), 9 Sophomores (Chief of Section, Gunner, and Cannoneers). Juniors desiring to enter squads in this competition will presient entries to ht. Antrim in Instructors Room prior to noon January 16. Practice for squads will be two hours a week. Tentative date for competition will be March 17-20. —ANTRIM.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division B: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 2 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building ' —ALLEN.
C. B. Richey Accepts Post At Ohio State
Prof. W.-T. Miller of the school of Mechanical Engineering was the principal speaker before the meeting of the St. Louis chapter of the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers in St. Louis Tuesday night. Prof. Miller, in charge of heating and ventilating at the University, spoke on “Comfort, And How.” Miller was accompanied to St. Louis by Carl Boester, supervisor of housing research, who formerly resided in that city, r.w.b.
YWCA Cabine^: Important meeting on Thursday, January 9, at 4 p. m. in office. —BRYANT.
Classified Ads
Purdue Aeromodellers: Important meeting Friday, January 10, at 4 p. m. in room 363 of Union. All members please be present. Club will elect officers. —OBARSKI.
LOST Lost: Small bag containing ladies’ shoes and rubbers. Finder please call 8071.
Movie Committee: Short mbeting Thuisday, January 9, at 4 p. m. in the Activities Bureau office of Union. —WALLEY.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Peace Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, January 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. —LONG.
C. B. Richey has resigned his position as instructor of farm power and machinery in the University agricultural engineering department, effective January 15, in order to accept a position as Assistant Professor in Agiicultuial Engineering at Ohio State University. Richey came to the University in September, ’36, and completed work on a BSME degree in August, ’39. Cecil Robinson who obtained BS degrees in both agricultural’ engine! ing and agriculture at Ohio will succeed Richey, d.w.o.
Notices
NYA Students: Checks are available for the period ending December 16, 1940, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 hlain St. Phone 2779.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Thursday evening. January 9, at 7 p. m in room 302 of the Union. It is scheduled earlier because of the -convn. —GRIFFIN.
Sophomore leaving school end of semester causes double room vacancy. Twin beds, innerspring mattresses, continuous hot water, insulated new house. Two block. Union and village. 306 South Grant.
Half-room for rent Board if desired 227 Wood St Phono 51204
Double Room Wants Occupants: Well lighted Near campus and bus line. Stoker heal Reasonable U6 S Grant Phone 2769
All Students: Those interested in joining the Westminster co-op house call Everett Hood at 3747. —HOOD.
Ice Hockey: Special meeting of Purdue Ice Hockey association at the Theta Chi house at 4 p m. Thursday, January 9 All interested in ice hockey are urged to attend. —LEINWEBER.
Mid-Year Graduates: Especially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgical and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of all branches, the Carnegie-lllinois Steel Corporation desires to interview men between now and time of graduation. The address is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago —ARM.
Pistol Practice: Following men are asked to continue pistol piactice in Aimory at i p m. until further notice: Clough, J. C Essig, R Estep, L. Eves, C Hammer, J A Heidenrich, G. Howes, R McDonald, J. H.
Freshman Engineers: No more final exam booklets are available. —DIBOS.
Debris Sophomores: There will be a meeting in the editorial workshop Thursday,
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTER IES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
The state 4-H Corn Club 3how will be held next week in connection with the Agricultural Conference. The show represents the gathering together of prize samples of corn from all sections of the state. The coin will be divided into four classes —ten ear, single ear, shelled sample and produce of hybrid. Besides the regular money and ribbon awards, large cups, donated by Henry Marshall, will be presented to the boys who show the best exhibit in each one of the four classes.
—noiabiy Verne Marshall, SenaLui Wheeler, and the remnants of the Republican party. These concur in the opinion that Americans must achieve total defense. These concur that democracy is undermined. From there on out, our two camps differ. I personally don’t know what or which is right. I only know that many times within the Capitol of this country I hear things said which make me wonder if I am in the United States. Which make me wonder if I am not in a foreign country.
LOOK FOR THE I.E.S. TAG AS YOUR GUARANTEE!
Many people, when buying light for their home, •imply aay "lamps b lamps’* and let it go at that. They don’t realize that there b all the difference in the world between ordinary lamps and, for instance, I. B. S. lamps that guarantee them plenty of ligl^t, glareless light, and certified light. Perhaps the lamp in your Uving room bn’t adequate for the size of the room, perhaps the bulb b too small. We can turn over to you the vast experience of the Illuminating Engineering Society in solving your lighting problem. Because every mie of our lamps carries then seal of approval and b designed to do a specific job in your home. Avoid needless eyestrain and fatigue for you and your family by filing on us today.
t
P
i
i
T !
J? I
^ (
V'
'41 It, i
%