''' • '^=4
A
tliSi HefWtq^Msqpeir Is Published Ea^ Morning But Monday By Students Oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THUBSDJIY May 12, 1938 lofcqrelle, ImliaiMi VOL. 49 No. 177
SAA Votes On Proposed Amendments Tomorrow Voting on proposed amendments to the Student Athletic Association constitution listed in a sample ballot elsewhere on this page will take place in the basement corridor of the Upion tomorrow from 7:30 a. m. to 9 p. m. according to announcement made last night by SAA President Bill Bailey. Ballots will be provided at a vot- — i i. i n———
ing table to be set up in the basement hallway between the sweet shop' arid the cafeteria entrances. All University students are SAA members and have the right to vote. Elections of both cheerleaders and SAA officers will take place during the latter part of next week, with the method of election being dependent on the outcome of tomorTow’s balloting. Passports will be necessary to vote on these amendments. The poll will be conducted under the auspices of the Student Senate. Changes recommended would put the selection of senior SAA officers —a president and a secretary—in the hands of a five-man committee, and the election of all cheer leaders —two senior head cheer leaders and four juniors—in the control of a 10man committee. All these positions are now filled by populai student vote. (See editorial on page 2) Parade, Banquet, Bill Climax Annual Templars Conclave Blocking the Lafayette streets for several hours yesterday, 10 divisions of Knights Templar each accompanied by a band, paraded in full regalia. The parade, followed by a banquet and ball in the Memorial Union ballroom at 6;30 p. m., climaxed the 84th annual conclave of Indiana Knights Templar. Preceding the parade, exhibition drills were given before the reviewing stand on the west side of the square by the drill team of Raper Commandery No. 1 of Indianapolis, and the University Zouave squad. The grand ball was scheduled for 9 p. m. in the ballroom and attendance and parade prizes were given at this time. Concluding the conclave this morning the grand commandery will meet in final session to elect officers for the coming year. Following precedent the officers are advanced one step each year and the conclave held in the home town of the newly elected grand commander.
WSGA Interviews 50 Co-eds Seeking Counseling Jobs Fifty co-eds were interviewed for positions as WSGA counselors yesterday from 4 to 5:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the, Union. A board consisting of Georgianna Huber, Betty Jo Sexton, Mary Alice Learning, Helen Driscoll, and Betty Elstun conducted the interviews which will continue today. Prospective counselors are asked to give experience they have had in this type of work, their year in school, and whether they are transfers or not. Girls chosen will be notified the first of next week, according to Betty Jo Sexton, WSGA vice-president in charge of transfer counseling. May 18 and 19, counselois will participate in round table discussion groups under upperclassmen chairmen. Counseling of problems will be discussed. Speech 60 Class To Read Play Versions Members of the Speech 60 class, a class in interpretative leading conducted by H. Kenn Carmichael, will give readings and the condensed versions of full length plays during the next two weeks. The readings will be given m the tower room of the Union Building, with the exception of the one May 18, which will be in room A, at 4 o’clock each afternoon except Wednesday which will be at 7 p. m. The schedule of the plays is: today, “Men in White;” tomorrow, “Dead End;” May 16, “The Silver Cord;” May 17, “Susan and God;” May 18, “Tovarich;” May 19, “Call It a Day;” May 20, “The Old Maid;” May 23, “Father Malachy’s Miracle;” May 24, “The Children’s Horn ;” May 25, “Of Mice and Men;” and May 26, “Private Lives.”
Faculty Considers Several Plans For Placing Final Exams On File
By J. C. Woodson ,i “The policy has already been settled; the question of the mechanics of the plan are yet to be taken up and answered,” said President E. C. Elliott in a recent interview con- ^, cerning the final examination files to be placed in the library at the end of the first semester next year. ^ Stressing the fact that quite a number of things yet remain to be figured out before the plan can go into operation. President Elliott stated that definite action toward this long-hoped-for goal was taken at the last regular faculty meeting. , President Elliott’s motion “that ^ copies of all final examinations be ‘‘ deposited in the library at the close of each semester in such form as to be made readily accessible in sub- ^ sequent years,” was passed by a majority of the faculty members present; it was, however, contested by a few “old-fashioned, unrecont structed members who opposed it simply because it was a change.” School Files Considered Various plans for the form in ^ which the exams should be placed on file have been considered to date. Some of them include placing separate files in the various schools, such as keeping all EE tests in the Electrical Engineering Building, ^ and keeping additional copies on file in the Union Building. President Elliott said that it is not yet definite
Co-ed Gets Perfect Hand—Can H Bid By Bill Gillilan To be cheated out of making a grand slam bid after being dealt a perfect hand of 13 hearts would be enough to make anyone just a little on the daffy side. Yet this tragedy actually happened Monday in the Union game room. Mary Jane Dietrich was dealt a thirteen heart, perfect hand. The dealer bid a spade, his partner then promptly upped him to seven spades and Dietrich was left holding her 13 hearts, now unbiddable, and one broken heart of her own. Brumfield aAd Smalley went down three on their bid of seven sp^ades and are now commonly acknowledged to be among the lowest form of humanity . . . those people who outbid their opponents’ legitimate bids and get set for their pains. Said Brumfield upon being condemned: “I felt like being shot when she showed her hand.” * Maxon Plays For Gallop Tomorrow Roy Maxon and his band will play for the annual Gingham Gallop tomorrow night from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. The dance, which IS the last co-ed bid dance of the year, is given to honor the new pledges of Mortar Board, national senior women’s scholastic honorary. Active Mortar Board members and pledges will wear white dresses with colored gingham jackets. Short cotton dresses are considered correct attire for other co-eds attending the dance. Tickets priced at one dollar may be purchased from any of the sorority houses, residence halls, or at the Union desk. Jeanne Janousek is chairman of the dance committee, and Margaret Richey is in charge of ticket sales. University Clnb Meets In Year's Last Session Members of the University Club and their families attended a picnic Tuesday afternoon at Westwood, the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. This was the final social event of the club year. A musical piogiam was played by the Pui-due Symphonic Band, Paul S. Emiick director, from 4:30 to 5:30 followed by a picnic supper served by the Purdue Memorial Union.
Maj. Gen. Cole To Inspect University ROTC Today
Visiting Military Officials To Attend Banquet Tonight Approximately 300 will attend the annual military banquet tonight at 7 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster at the affair and will introduce the visiting state and military officials who are here for the annual national inspection. Military awards consisting of the three Albert M. Smith sabers, the Franklin L. Cary cups, and Scabbard and Blade best-soldier awards will be presented at the banquet to the selected military students by Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. F. C. Hockema, and Prof. L. M. Sears. A few tickets for the banquet will be available at the door. New Plant Will Hold Open House Issuing a special invitation to the members of the faculty and student body plant officials of the Aluminum Company of America located south of the city, announced open-house at theii new plant this Saturday. The new factory will be open for inspection from 8:30 a. m. to 12 noon, and 1:30 p. m. to 4 p. m., and interested to see the plant in acwill provide opportunity for those tual operation, and to become acquainted with the processes and the products of the company. Gold Peppers Elect Mary Cooley, HE ’39, was elected president of Gold Peppers, senior women’s activities and athletic honorary, at the meeting held in the Union Building last night. Pauline George was chosen vice-president, Eleanor Turner, secretary, and Mary Townsend, treasurer. Members are requested by the committee to pay dues to Dorothy Bryant immediately.
as to whether examinations will be bound together under class classifications, such as freshman exams, sophomore finals, and so forth, or put together by schools. It is quite probable that fraternity and sorority houses will be given a chance to obtain copies of these finals to place in their house files, and if the demand is sufficient individual students may be able to obtain them also. Final exams for the five years previous will probably make up the tests for each subject. Dr. Elliott Comments “When I taught classes I always gave my students a complete final examination as a review. On the final, I would reword some of the questions, change some of them around, to test the students’ abilities to reason,” commented Dr. Elliott concerning his methods of giving final examinations. Student opinion on this action of the faculty, destined perhaps to mark an important landmark in the history of Purdue, seems to vary widely. Typical of the pro-test-file students, H. F. Fishburn, sophomore Senator, says “I think it’s a very good idea ... it would give students an idea of what 1;o prepare for.” George Welch, freshman engineer, states that “with 6,000 students, a plan like that will sure make a lot of work for someone.”
SAA Consfitution Ballot (Sample Ballot) ARTICLE 5 . . . Section 1: The officers of the Association shall be a senior president, a senior secretary, and two junior vice-presi-dents. These two junior officers shall be chosen by popular student ballot. The senior president and senior secretary shall be chosen from the two junior officers of the preceding year by a committee consisting of the two retiring senior officers, the University athletic director, the president of the “P” Club, and the faculty athletic committee chairman. Selection of both the senior and junioi officers in the designated manner shall be made not later than one month before the termination of the academic year. A student holding a major award in a varsity sport shall not be eligible for office in the Association. ARTICLE 6 . . . Section 1: Two senior head cheer leaders—a cheer manager and a cheer director—shall be appointed from the four junior cheer leaders by a committee consisting of the four SAA officers, the president of Gimlet Club, the pi’esident of Reamer Club, the president of Gold Peppers, and the University atjiletic director. The cheer manager shall handle all business affairs concerned with arranging pep sessions and providing cheers at athletic contests; that is, he shall be the contact man between the cheer leaders and the Athletic Department, between the cheer leaders and the various athletic booster organizations on the campus. The cheer director shall supervise the training of the junior cheer leaders and of sophomores in preparation for pep sessions and athletic contests, and shall direct these men in cheer formations during these affairs. The above comniittee shall also select four junior cheer leaders from the list of ejigible candidates turned in by the senior head cheer leaders.
Do you approve the above proposed changes in the Student Athletic Association constitution?
Yes □
CHECK ONE SQUARE
No □
Name Class in University
To Honor Sergeant Bowman Before Formation On Stuart Field; Assembly In Armory At 1:15 O'clock Endeavoring to repeat its performance of the past 13 years as a military unit of the highest Federal rating, the University Reserve Officers Training Corps will maneuver today at 2 p. m. on Intramural Field for the annual inspection by United States " " Army officers.
Spring Spree Set For Iliis Saturday “To foster better understanding between faculty members and students is the purpose of the Alpha Phi Omega Spring Spree,” President Eric Wadleigh commented last night. The Spree will be held at Ross Camp Saturday afternoon from 1 to 6 o’clock for men students and faculty members. Transportation will be furnished at the west entrance to the Union Building, and food will be furnished for 50 cents, Wadleigh said. Feature of the afternoon will be a student-faculty baseball game and a tug of war. Purdue, Indiana To Give Business, Engineering Under New Agreement Offering a combined course of business administration and engineering, Purdue and Indiana Universities recently reached an agreement whereby students may attend both schools. Students who wish to study business administration, yet have an engineering background, will attend Indiana for the first two years, putting emphasis on business administration, chemistry, mathematics, and physics. This will enable them to enroll in technical engineering courses at Purdue during their third year after which they will return to Indiana to finish. For students who wish to major in engineering and obtain business training also, a similar plan has been worked out. These students will become candidates for a master’s degree at lU and will spend a full year, plus a summer term, in completing the requirements foi a master’s degree in Business Administration at Indiana.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair in north portion; cloudy in the south portion. Possible showers in extrem^ south portion. Slightly warmer in east and north portions today. Tomorrow possible local thundershowers. Warmer.
The inspecting group will include Major General W. E. Cole, commanding General of the Fifth Corps Area, Majors Stuart McLeod and John Sanderson, of Lafayette, and Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, Henry F. Schricker. Previous to its formation on the field, the University unit will honor Sergeant G. C. Bowman, of the United States army and member of the University’s ROTC instructional staff. He will retire officially today after 30 years’ service in the army. Present Corps At the conclusion of Col. C. S. Blakely’s remarks, the corps will be presented to Sergeant Bowman. After the presentation the corps will give a cheer for the retiring officer. The University ROTC at 1:45 o’clock will march to Intramural Field and re-form there. The PurIn case of rain before the inspection of the ROTC today, the first brigade will form in the Armory at 1:15 p. m., Lt. Col. J. A. Pickering announced last night. The second brigade will form in the Armory at 2:45 p. m. due Military Band will play for the marching studets as they enter and take their positions on the field. At 2 o’clock, the entire group will come to attention, and, simultaneously with the entrance of Major General Cole, and the inspection party, a 13-gun salute will be fired to start the federal inspection. Pass In Review The entire corps then will pass in review and return to their original formation. Afterwards they will be inspected by the officers and a group of University officials. . Differing from the procedure last year, when the entire corps demonstrated as a unit, only the first and second regiments will form for calisthenics. Cadet Colonel R. O. Wickersham, will give an exhibition of the command system drill. Pedestrians are requested to enter Intramural Field prior to 1:30 via the Third StreeP entrance, according to Capt. S. A. Beckley. Limited parking for the public will be provided along the west side of the field before 1:15, with entrance by (Continued on page 4)
Chief Snooper Remains Mystery As Co-ed Razz Dinner Approaches
Who is the Chief Snoop of the SS ’38’s, who is directing the razz dinner for all senior women May 18, at 6 o’clock in the home ec cafeteria ? “Who is this person ?” many people have asked. To provide an answer to skeptical or curious people on the campus. Exponent, with its usual resourcefulness, obtained an interview with the Great Anonymous. The Senior Snoop head is pleasant, kindly, gently humorous. She has a soft voice and a fierce temper. Your correspondent knows this because she innocently asked, “Will the fact that you are wearing a pin of one fi'aternity and a ring with another fraternity’s crest on it be mentioned at the dinner?” Program “That’s none of your business,” the masked figure cried. “The program will include all senior co-eds, and give the best lowdown, but we won’t tell things that will get any-
one into serious trouble.” Then she laughed. “Excuse my severity, but I’m in hot water at present because of John and Joe, and now Bill wants me to wear his Tau Beta key.” She giggled in a delightful manner. Truthfully, the interview with the Chief Snoop wasn’t completely successful, because she refused to unmask, to stand, or to remove the sheet her legs were wrapped in. Exponent unfortunately cannot present to the throngs a description of the secretive person. Definitebr> frorn her giggle, her voice, and her attitude, the Senior Head Snoop is a girl! Parting Shot Her parting remark was a reminder that tickets to the all-senior co-eds senior-women-only dinner are 60 cents, and obtainable at all sorority houses and at the Union desk.
iBi
iMl£dibfdaL
THE FimDOE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Thuraday, May 12. 1938
Jha ^dihoh SasfA: Sample Ballots... . . . appear on the front pages of today’s Exponents, similar to those that Student Athletic Association members (all Purdue students belong) will fill out tomorrow when they vote on certain amendments to the SAA constitution. These proposed changes include new, more appropriate methods for electing cheerleaders and senior SAA officers . .. committee election methods. If the amendments are approved, campus politics will, we anticipate, find itself being pushed out of the picture. Looking back at the former elections we see a record of vote recounts and thrown-out elections—not a pretty picture. Looking ahead we can envisage SAA and cheerleader elections running on a merit
basis.
We can expect hard-working, pep-producing yell leaders, aided by the new cheer manager who will arrange pep sessions, team send-offs and the like. We see an end to student complaints about apathetic yells and poor Purdue spirit, and we see SAA senior officers picked more fairly. ‘Excellent Corps’... . . . reported Army officers after national inspection last year as they gave Purdue’s brigade the highest possible rating for the fourteenth consecutive time. Less than a week later Lt. Col. Carlos Brewer left the University, turning the ROTC unit over to a new man: Col. C. S. Blakely, under whose direction the Corps will seek its fifteenth straight “excellent” rating today. When the cadets march today the four regiments will be drilling together for only the second time during the entire year. They have been told and shown just what to do, but they’ll
the Purdue Exponent
MeMBCDI
g^woctated llroM
llUfflfaArfr niirtirrf vtMMryig
Enteral aa aecond claaa oiatter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conjcrcfui of March 8, 1879. and at the cpeeial rate of poetagre prorlded for In lection llOS. act of Oct. 8. 1917. authorised Jan. 26. 1922. Published dally except Monday dnrlnir the reffolar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Session. Campna Bubscrlptioni |8 per year; by mail $8.60.
PUBUCATION STAFF Manatcinx Editor , J. X. Brodk Editor’s Secretary Margraret Sawyer Associate Editors.. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanba^ D. R. Vanee Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. Deekard, G. W. Frederhdc, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kreeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson CO-ED STAFF Editor -.Elizabeth Pyko Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Jnstin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. F. Ofaenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manaser .J. P. Girard National Adyertislnsr Manaeer W. J. GlUlIaa Local Adyertisinc Manager R. R. Henaler Circulation Manager. - M. O. Reeres MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phona 6687 Bnsineea Phono 6688
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—McKee Thursday, May 12, 1938
Change Of Schools Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar
Choice Of Elecfiyes Every student whose plan of study for the year 1938-39 calls for an elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the dean or head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to; All present junioi-s; All present sophomores except in Forestry; All present freshmen except those m forestry and those freshmen engineers expecting to take chemical, metallurgical, mechanical or public service engineeiing, engineering law, 01 tiade and industrial education; and All irregular students. Repi ints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the school heads and the registrar. Also a limited number of reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrars Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar
Wesley Players To Present Bible Play “The Rock,” a three-act Bible drama, will be staged by the Wesley Players at 8 o’clock tomorrow evening as a part of the three-day program for the northwest regional conference of the Wesley Foundation. An informal fellowship dinner will precede the play at 6 o’clock in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. At 10 o’clock a communion service will be held. Group discussions will fill much of Saturday's program, with a luncheon at 12:15. A hike to Happy Hollow at 4 o’clock for a steak roast will conclude Saturday's program. Sunday morning an outdoor worship service at 7:30 will be held for the 100 representatives which local ofiicials expect to attend.
ARC
TODAY—FRl .—SAT.
Ceres Club Helds Inifiafion Banquet Ceres Club, local agronomy honorary organization, announces the initiation of the following menabers last night at its spring initiation banquet in the Union’s chestnut room: D. L. Henry, Evansville; R. E. Horner, Upland; W. L. Lambert, Millersburg; R. E. Lucas, North Judson; M. E. Skinner, Lafayette; W, L. Snelling, West Point; J. W. Stephenson, Plymouth; and H. I. Yalowitz, Gary. C. R. Murphy, of the history, "economics and government department spoke to the 35 members attending the banquet on topics of current history. Welcome to the new initiates was made by E. P. Kendall, and Lambert responded. R. L. Henry acted as toastmaster.
OREirON
yman
rko
RADIO RtottW
ind—
—ALSO— “PAINTED STALLION” No. 9 —Plus— “SPORT REEL”
CAST that FIFTY CENTS to Deac Soufhworth or the Union Desk for your Summer Session PURDUE EXPONENT
STARTS TODAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS I
sNiimu'
Doomed to die by his own gang! So-, ciety lion who was undercover wolf of the rackets! PLUSTHRILLS! FUN!
wtMi 'JU01TH ALLEN, GRANT withers! WARREN RYMEr' ALICE 3VHiTB.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
perform today without benefit of dress rehear-
sals.
Because we’ve seen separately rehearsed regiments and batteries come together and put on flawless reviews before, we’re predicting success for the national inspection today, and another “excellent” rating to add to the long record. —H. 1. S.
LIBRARY NOTES . .. LOST—Sunday nite . . . one tan portable victrola on the Happy Hollow road just beyond the Soldiers’ Home. Return to Marilyn McElwee. WRH North.
BY WHAT WE GATHER . . . . . . the boy was either an awful bore or they like rhythm with their rendezvous. We know for a fact that dancing is impossible on that Happy Hollow road. A SURE THING ... Homer Forbes, one of the Sig Ep rowdies, has been trying hard to make a bet with one of-the brothers (B. H.) on who would be first to plant his pin. The other day the bet was made and the brother (BH) made a special ti'ip to Chicago to show Forbes up. THE POINT IS . . . . . . that Forbes put out his pin in Washington during Spring vacation but spent his week-ends here in Lafayette dating Jerry INNOCENT Buhrke and laughing up his sleeve. HEARp ON THE CAMPUS . . . A couple of typical Purdue Eds were walking together and both saw a very (?) nice looking co-ed at the same time. The one on the right said to the one on the left, “How would you like to have that—^with
brains ?”
SINCE THERE ARE . . . ... so many improvements going on around the campus these days we believe that the University should go a step further and build some pontoon bridges to replace the present walks. IN LINE WITH . . . . , . these “improvements” we understand that Ross Drever has orders to clean up all ’40’s painted in various spots on the campus, OR ELSE —or else Skull and Crescent will be only a memory. THE MARS PASSES . . . ... to the best 10,000 word essay on why all the activity boys are doing so much hand-shaking, coke buying and back slapping.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
immnMrouNjuits |the mnm fm THE mm
Adolph Zukor prosonts
CLARENCE E. MULFORD'S HEMTof featuring WILLIAM BQYD PLUS 2ND FEATURE A
EDITH IBO FELLOWS « CARRILLO
[VRiNKie-vS
“Humph—5000 years old! I’ll bet she’s 6500 if she’s a day!’
What, Where, When?
Does a girl want to be kissed on the first date, or on the other hand, should a boy try to kiss a girl on the first date? Both of these have been bothersome questions this year, so here’s our answer. NO,
emphatically.
Really, it pays not to try, boys.
KAY Fraiidsi
If she’s expecting it, her curiosity will be aroused; she’ll say yes the next time. Which works vice-versa girls, if you refuse his first offer he’ll be curious. We suggested that it didn’t pay to try, because if she disapproves and you try, you’ll probably ruin your chances. One prominent co-ed answered our question “Most emphatically not,” and she really meant it.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT DBrien
Here’’s a Star-Match Nobody Dreamed of— In a Picture Evetyone Loves!
That":«r
-PLUS-
COLOR CARTOON
^ J MUSICAL COMEDY
TODAY - FRI.
/ How many of these Questions can you Answer? ^ 1. What was the first supcessful application of reduction * gear drive to a large marine vessel? 2. How many kinds of heat are supplied by the “Corox” , surface units of a Westinghouse electric range? 3. Who introduced the Parsons steam turbine to the United States? 4. What are the seven major types of rectifiers? 5. What alloy, consisting of non-ferromagnetic elements, ^ is nevertheless ferromagnetic? 6. What type of power is used on the electrified portions of the Pennsylvania Railroad? What voltage? 7. What and where was the first commercial “repeating” , ^ broadcasting station? 8. When were the main rolls of a steel mill electrified for the first time? 9. What was the first large-scale display of incandescent lighting ever seen? 10. What is a sterilamp? ANSWERS WILL BE POUND ON PAGE 4Thursday. May 12, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXt^MENT
Boilermaker Ball Team Turns Back Butler Bulldogs, 5-3
Marquette University Track Teaniraces Boilermakers In Stadium Saturday One of the best track squads in the Mid-west will form the opposition for the Boilermakers in their sole home meet of the outdoor season this Saturday afternoon when the Marquette University aggregation of nationally known stars appears in a dual meet that will be run in conjunction with the local high school sectional meet. —
Among the'Marquette performers will be Eddie Burke, negro high jumper, who has cleared six feet nine and a quarter inches, and who was national indoor champion and world record-holder in 1936-37. Others are Herman Carr, who ran the 440 in 49.6 against Michigan State last Saturday, John Hohler in the 880, and John Dye in the discus. Dash Man Johnny Callahan, veteran dashman, who has a mark of 9.9 in the 100 and 22 flat in the 220, is^expected to receive some stiff competition from Purdue’s Roger DeLong who copped the century honors in last week’s quadrangular. Bob Lemen seems to have no outstanding competitor on the Marquette squad for honors in the low hurdles, while Steve Gutting will be his chief opposition in the high sticks. Marquette offers no outstanding distance men, and Art Bodeau and Alden Knapp are expected to hold the edge in the half-mile, mile and two-mile events. The “Hilltoppers”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY
East Side of Sqore
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bisokstores
"DEAC" Everything for a CoUege Education H.G.BEISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Auto Rental rent a car Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784 ii " • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Professional
The Risk Dental CBnic Ml. PAUL A. WSK DH. HAR^D J. WSK ML ROBBBT a. dr. LUTHER A. BISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX. J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
• jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.]mENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opjxjsite Post Office
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L
Printing
□
P
iRINTING
SUDDEN
-SERVICE _
’Olflc* SUilonaiy. Wedding InvIUHons
PHONE -
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 40t FERRY
World’s Indoor High Jump Champion
will px’ovide some outstanding men for the weight events with John Dye winner against Michigan State with a toss of 132 feet 7 1-2 inches in the discus. Marquette lost to Michigan State at East Lansing last Saturday, 53 5-6 to 82 1-6, while the Boilermakers lost to the State squad 87 to 44 in a dual meet earlier this year. Thetas Win Triton Intramural Swim Kappa Alpha Theta placed first Tuesday night in the Triton co-ed intramural swimming meet in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. Alpha Xi Delta placed second, and unorganized girls third. In individual ratings Barbara Roderick was first with 17 points, Barbara Cook second with 13 points, and Saxon Shewalter third with 9 points.
Eddie Burke, Marquette University high jumper, shown in his speedy approach to the bar just before takeoff, is holder of the world’s indoor high jumping record from a board takeoff. Burke was national indoor champion in 1936 and 1937 and will be a leader among the Marquette stars here Saturday for a dual meet with the Boilermakers.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 18 3 .857 Chicago 13 9 .590 Pittsburgh 11 9 .550 Cincinnati 11 11 .500 Boston - 7 9 .437 Brooklyn 9 13 .409 St. Louis 8 12 .400 Philadelphia ! 4 16 .211 Yesterday’s Results Brooklyn, 7; Chicago, 0. New York, 5; St. Louis, 3. Boston-Cincinnati (rain). Pittsbur gh-Philadelphia (rain).
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 14 7 .666 Washington 15 8 .652 Cleveland 13 8 .619 Boston 13 8 .6l9 Detroit ;....... 8 11 .421 Chicago 7 11 .388 Philadelphia 6 13 .315 St. Louis 6 16 .272 Yesterday’s Results Detroit, 4; Washington, 1. St. Louis, 9; Philadelphia, 6. New York, 4; Cleveland, 1. Boston, 4; Chicago, 2.
Go9f Team Meets Ohio State There Tomorrow Coach Jack Bixler’s golf team will travel to Columbus tomorrow to meet the ^ Ohio State Buckeyes in a Big Ten contest. The two teams will compete on even terms, each having made much the same record. Both teams lost to Notre Dame and Chicago by the same score, 8% to 9%. The Boilermaker squad will enter the meet with a record of two matches won and four lost. The team defeated the University of Detroit squad in the season’s opener and beat Indiana last Saturday. They have lost to Illinois, Michigan, Notre Dame and Chicago. Four Boilermakers Will make the trip: Captain Freese, David, Anderson and Baske.
RIVER SWIM A number of small boats will be needed to accompany the swimmers on the annuaL River Swim on the afternoon of May 23rd. Will any student who can furnish a canoe or rowboat at that time please leave his name at my office? —CLEVETT.
Wating Leads Attack With Two Home Runs; Higgins, A. Bredewater Pilch Revenge was forthcoming yesterday afternoon when the Boilermaker diamond team turned back the invading Butler nine 5 to 3 on the varsity diamond north of the Fieldhouse, to retaliate for an earlier defeat at Indianapolis. Joe Waling provided the home run punch with four baggers in the second and fourth innings, both with no one on base. Felix Mackiewicz also garnered a home run in the seventh to drive Hearne home ahead of him. ————— - ' The other Boilermaker run came di^opped the throw to the plate, in the fifth when McAfee singled to Burdette struck out, Steiner was left, Higgins bunted safely and then given an intentional pass, and HerrHearne was hit by a pitched ball rnan struck out. to fill the bases. Vernon fouled out Summary and box score: and Stamm struck out, but Mack- Butler AB. R. H. iewicz walked to force in a run. Constantine, rf 4 10 Dickinson then flied out for the Wilson, c 3 8 1 third out. Macek, lb 3 8 0 First Game Harding, cf 4 1 1 Higgens pitched his first game Burdette, 2b 2 1 0 of the year after becoming eligible „ emer. If 1 0 0 only last week and held the Bull- Berrman, 3b 4 0 1 dogs hitless for the first six innings Carbon, ss .................... 4 0 0 before two hits, a walk and an er- Bolonowski, p 3 0 0 ror gave Butler two runs in the sev- “ enth. Harding opened with a single. Totals 28 '^ 3 Burdette walked, and Steiner sacri- Purdue AB. R. H. ficed the runners ahead. Herrmann Heame, 2b 2 10 then singled to drive across the two Vernon, rf 2 0 0 runs. Carbon hit to Waling to set Stamm, If 5 0 1 up a double play with Herrmann Mackiewicz, 3b 3 11 being forced at second, but Thomp- Dickinson, cf 4 0 1 son threw high on the return throw Thompson, ss 3 0 0 to first. Bolonowski gi-ounded out Waling, lb 4 2 2 to end the inning. McAfee, c 4 1 1 Arnold Bredewater was given a c i a n rather stormy greeting when he came in to start the eighth inning. t t 'i s a Constantino drew a pass, Wilson ° » » singled to left, and Macek hit a long Errors—Macek, Burdette, Carbon, fly to advance the runners. Hard- Thompson, McAfee, Bredewater. ing then struck out, but McAfee Strikeouts—Higgins, 2; Bolondropped the third strike, permitting owski, 3; Bredewater, 4. Harding to reach first and Constan- Home Runs—Waling, 2; Mackietino to score when Bredewater also wicz, 1.
KEEP IN THE SWIM OF THINOS By Reading FRESH NEWS OF THE CAMPUS ALL SUMMER FOR 50c Mailed Anywhere Summer Session Editions of the PURDUE EXPONENT
^ood ^^JdeaitL
l6
Good Good
Taste is just as important as quality in foods. You must ENJOY your meals if they are to supply needed elements to your health. That’s why we insist that our foods he not only fresh and pure—but tasty and attractive as well. You’ll enjoy eating in
JhsL
Comer of the Campus^Yet the Center of Activkie$
^•ia
u
Hl|3i
Maj. Gen. Cole--
(Continued fiom page 1)
the northwest gate to the field on Stadium Avenue Traffic Restrictions Tiaffic on Unneisitv, Thud and Fouith streets and Stadium avenue will be restiicted aftei 1 15 The Unl^e^slt^ paiking aiea south of the Armory will be closed all day todav Paikins: on the east side of intia muial field and admission to all the seats in the limited stands aie by pass Bleacheis have been elected on the east side of the field Classroom inspection will be con ducted by the inspecting officeis to morrow and Satuiday
Gimlet Club...
athletic boostei honoiaiy an nounces the initiation of the fol low ing men H I Stanback, Owens boio, Ky , L S Haidin Knights town D R Vance Noblesville F W W inter Chicago 111 , T B Mil lei Foit Wayne, R M McGhee, Gaiy, R S Haipei Ligoniei P E Humphrey, Terre Haute, E S. Mason Cincinnati 0 T D Cabonaigi Highland Paik 111 D A Samuel son, Spiingfield O R R Hensler Amboy H R Knaus Tacoma Paik Md G W Matthew s Glencoe 111 E I \ndeison Fianklin D H Meissner, Denvei Colo W K Mil holland Indianapolis and H E Le wis W est Lafa^ ette
Music Room Opens
New Art Display
Nineteen oil paintings by con temporal \ Indiana aitists aie now on display in the music loom of the Union Building Some of these aie landscapes while otheis show still life and leveal chaiactei thiough poi ti aiture Wilbur D Peat diiectoi of the John Heiion Ait Institute, selected the paintings fi om the annual spring show of contempoiaiy woiks in Indianapolis wheie the Institute IS located
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street
FOR SALE—King Vol True ten oi sax Excellent condition Call Smith 3301
THE PUmHIE EXPOMEMT
%atkaA.
Thursday, May 12, 1938
Math Group Elects Robbins President
Professor Lanczos...
Piofessoi Chailes K Robbins, of the Univeisity mathematics department, was elected president of the Indiana section of the Mathematical Association of Ameiica at its lecent meeting in Teiie Haute Thiee othei membeis of the Univeisity mathematics staff took part in the meeting Pi of C Lanczos 1 ead a papei, Dr T E Mason was chan man of the lesolutions commit tee, and Di M W Keller was a membei of the nominating committee M E Gamble, graduate student, read a paper on “The Solution of a Quadratic Equation ”
of the mathematics department, will address an adult education meeting in room B of the Union at 7 30 tomorrow night on “Fascism in the Educated Class ” The meeting will be open, and officials invite the public and student body to attend
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE SUMMER EXPONENT
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 pm.
Other membei s of the mathematics department who attended the conference were Pi of C S Doan, Dr A H Smith, C Holtom, E L Khngei, K W Ciain, W R Hardman, and S Bolks
FOR RENT—Rooms and apait ments for summer students, ground floor, reasonable Phone 56751
SOMEBODY—Please exchange a brown laincoat taken coips day foi own at Armoiy office
ROOM FOR RENT—Dui mg sum mei session foi two men Across fiom Umon Building 116 N Giant Phone 2694
FOR RENT — After June 10 Rooms, double or single Instructors or business men prefeiied Phone 46483 328 West Lutz West Lafayette
Imowfdc
TO THE ELECTRICAL QUIZ
1.
The installation of marine reduction gears on the U S S Neptune ’ a naval collier marked the beginning of such propulsion for large vessels This installation was made by Westinghouse m 1912
Three kinds of heat are supplied by the Corox” surface units of a Westinghouse electric range — radiated heat conducted heat, and convected heat.
George Westinghouse introduced the Parsons steam turbine to the U S m 1899, and built the first com mercial tuibine generator units The seven major types of rectifiers are (1) Hotcathode vacuum (2) Hot cathode, gas filled (3) Dissimilar electrodes (4) Mercuiy arc (5) Electrolytic (6) Dry electronic and (7) Mechanical
HEUSLER an alloy of copper, manganese and aluminum, none of which is ferromagnetic, is itself ferromagnetic
The electrified portions of the Pennsylvania Railroad use 11,000 volt alternating current pioneered by Westinghouse
Westinghouse Station KFKX, at Hastings, Neb, was the world’s first commercial ‘repeating’ broadcasting station
The electrification in 1905, by Westinghouse, of the main rolls at the Edgar Thomson Works of the Carnegie Steel Company was the first of its kind to be accomplished
The Westinghouse lighting of the World’s Columbian Exposition held at Chicago m 1893, was the first large scale display of incandescent lighting ever seen
10. A sterilamp is a tubular glass lamp containing inert gas and mercury vapor which emits ultra violet rays lethal to bacteria when it is excited by an electric discharge It was developed in the Westmghouse Lamp Division laboratories at Bloomfield, N. J This completes the series of ‘ Electrical Quiz” questions and answers which have been published by Westinghouse to create a broader interest m electricity among college students
NOTE Our attention has been called to an editorial slip in our first “Electrical Quiz ” The elevators in Radio City travel at a speed of 1400 feet per minute—not, of course, 1400 feet per second, as erroneously stated
Westinghouse Electric 8b Mfg. Co.
Pittsburgh, Pa.
LOST—Brown zippei key case in Union hall Monday afternoon Call 3810
Westinghouse ®
Scabbatd and Blade: Formal meeting at 6 15 p m Thursday, May 12, preceding inspection banquet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building —BAALS
ME 62 Makeup for absences for all tests of this semester will be given Saturday May 28, from 1 to 4 p m in room 808 of ME Building —BOLZ
Stage-StuMp-Stitdio Banqutteers: Those receiving invitations to the banquet may obtain tickets from H Kenn Carmichael upon presentation of their invitations and 66 (B-18) —McKBE
WAA Archery. Practice for the tournament will be held every evening at 4 o’clock Thursday May 12 there will be a mixed shoot on the regular range —BALCOM
Basic Students: 76 tickets have been reserved for the Military Inspection Banquet. Tickets can be obtained from Captain Hayford 8 office or from any member of the luncheon committee for one dollar (5-12) —PICKERING
Forestry Club Meeting Tuesday May 17 at 7 30 p m in the Horticulture Building —GLAZEBROOK
Student Senate Members Communicate intentions of attending banquet Monday May 16 to Robert Hoffer Call 3282 —HOFFBR
Purdue Motorcyclists No meeting this week Regulai ride Sunday morning May 16 at 10 o clock at Airport -GLENN
WSGA Counseling Interviews: The following girls please report to the WSGA office today at 4 p m B Applebaum, M Avqry, P Baker K Cooley M Chaille, K Davis, M DeWitt, C Dobson, J Edson, W Eviston, F Yonover 4 16—L Beebe, M Blocker, L Blow, D Bunn, M Yeager R Zimmerman, J Fleig C Fleming R Glunt W GraybilL 4 30—A Breitweiser D Bryant, L Freed B Fullenweider, J Taylord, J Graham, W Gregory, D Hardin J Humphries, C Henry 4 46—-E Benton H Cronber, M Hudson, E Herman J Hall B Hixon, M Mague, J Horowitz M Hu ne, M Hunt, 6 00—D Baker E Hunter, M Ide, M Johnson J Johnson D Johnson, J Julian, B Klein M Koch, and M Kuzmitz -HUBER, SteXTON
Thomas Say Entomological Society An nual picnic Saturday May 14 Meet in front of Agricultural Hall at 1 p m —FAVINGER
Alpha Lambda Delta Pledges Compul sory meeting in room A of the Union on Thuisday May 12 at 7 16 Actives please be present also —MOUNCE
Triton Club There will be an open swim Thursday night May 12 from 7 80-8 00 and a mixed swim from 8 00-9 00 —SCHWEHN
Archery Mixed ai chery on women s range Friday May 13 at 4 p m Equipment may be checked from respective gyms —KINZER
Mortar Board Pledges Meet outside the WSGA office at 4 30 p m Thursday May 12 —RICHEY
Students’ Bible Class Meeting in room C of the Union Building Thursday, May 12 at 7 o’clock The class vrill continue its study in the ‘ Book of Revelations All students are welcome —BUBBRINK
Newman Club Picnic May 16 at Turkey Run Members who have not signed up to go call me at 2601 before May 13 —DIDIER
Sigma Delta Chi* Important meeting at at 9 p m Thursday May 12, in Union Exponent office to decide on spring pledging —FORSTER
Dairy Club All students who plan to atthe bulletin board in Smith Hall on or before Saturday May 14 —MYERS
DECKER’S
518-520 Main
We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps
Phone 6477
Special on Military Uniforms
Complete Uniform Cleaned and Pressed
70
Leave at State and Vine or call 4073 for Delivery
Crown
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
See Us for a Large Variety of Indirect Lamps SOUTHWORTH’S
We Carry an LE.S. Lamp for Every Purpose H. G. (Deac) Reisner