01 ’l 'f^ y ^ ry '^ . {> '^V ^ ■*. ^ \ ^ '‘‘^^ f ^'ti^ *’*'^ '^l'^ ■* "^ ^ rV '^'V tv ^ 1^ ,r5{ >
m
,■%
Editor Discusses 'Strike For Peace'
wt ^ i3
Z-ltS
FmhmM In 1889
xfiMteni If DaMy Since 1906
SwimniiiigTiiaiit Honors Leftomieii
/
Volume 52, No. 158
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thiirsday, April 17, 1911
Ic'
British Hold
In Greece And Africa
.From All Fronts.
Today's Summary Of War News
William Lyon Phelps Will Discuss Boola
r» ChickKO DkUr Newa Foreign Senriee. Ctopgrigiit. 1M«. Chtengo Dnitr Nowa, Ino.
At Final Convocation
Allies Draw Up Battle Line On Olympus Range By William H. Stoneman
SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
• Great Battle In Greece The Germans and the British are fighting a great battle in Greece along the entire line held by tha Empire troops, it was announced officially at the Middle East headquarters in Cairo.
Dr. William Lyon Phelps will speak on the “Romance of Science and the Truth of Fiction” at the final convocation of the year next Wednesday, ApWl 23, at 8 p. m. in the Hall of Music.
lA)ndon, April 16. — British Middle East headquarters at Cairo announced today that British forces ‘_!are now in contact with the enemy along the whole of our front” in Greece. The position of Allied troops in both Egypt and Greece is definitely regarded in London as serious, but there has been no collapse in either of these two zones and there is still a sporting possibility that the position will be retrieved in either, or both, of them. The position, as summed up in London today, was roughly as follows: In Yugoslavia, the Germans continue to drive forward and consolidate their positions, and it must now be assumed that the Yugoslavs will be capable of little more than guerrilla warfare in the foreseeable future. Yugoslavia’s failure to do better is attributable principally to the confusion in Belgrade, immediately prior to the German attack, and its consequent failure to mobilize more than one out of the country’s seven armies. Big Job Still Ahead In Greece, Allied troops appear to have been withdrawn to the mountains in the porthern part of the peninsula, the Greeks having taken up their positions in the Pindus Mountains and the empire forces in the Olympus range. These positions do not seem to have been attacked in force, and until the Germans succeed in forcing them, they will still have a larger part of their job ahead of them. It is now known that Greek troops east of Salonika suffered no such losses in prisoners as the Germans announced. Although large numbers were captured during the German drive down the Struma, it is believed here that some of the forts are still holding out.
• Nazis Take Many Prisoners Hundreds of British prisoners, including engineers from the Midlands, Australia and New Zealand, have been taken by the Nazis in hard fighting in mountain strongholds in Greece, the official German news agency asserts.
• Nazis Occupy Sarajevo The Berlin high command said yesterdqy German troops have occupied Sarajevo, reported to be the seat of the Yugoslav government, and London received reports tending to confirm the claim that the Yugoslav Army is disintegrating.
Second Assault On Tobruk
The second German assault on Tobruk has been repulsed, radios Robert J, Oasey, and, speaking of Nazi prisoners, he says “if these shocked, exhausted ‘Heinies’ are any sample of the troops still maneuvering through the roaring dust, out there, Der Fuehrer’s grand hegira is nearer its finish.”
Round Saturday, 1:30
o Allied Position Serious “The position of Allied troops in Egypt and Greece is definitely regarded as serious in London,” cables William H. Stoneman, “but there has been no collapse in either of these two zones.”
o No Yugoslav Armistice “Authorized sources here yesterday virtually ruled out the possibility of any armistice with Yugoslavia,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin, “and indicated that nothing less than complete capitulation will be exacted.”
Actual
I ry Given
. . , and his popular band will furnish the music for dancing at Saturday night’s mixer which will complement Prom of the night before, The mixer will continue the festivities for those Who attended Prom with dancing from 9 till 12.
. . . tickets to the class of ’41 commencement exercises will not be printed “for several weeks,” but stubs exchangeable foy the allotted four tickets will be given to those seniors who pay their diploma fee before the tickets are ready for circulation, the committee in charge of commencement arrangements said last night.
Co-ed Hours
^Orchids To You/ Miss Prom-Goer, Just Look! Here's How The Hort Research Staff Grows 'Em
By Ernest Nordlinger This week is the prom. To the co-eds it means more of their favorite flower, the orchid. To the fellows it means digging deeper into their pockets as the dollars seem to fly away. With this thought in mind the University asked its horticulture research staff to meet the co-ed's demands and the cash disembursements of the men. In a previous issue a reporter told of the beautiful orchids in the little glass house south of the Hall of Music. If you travel to the South campus and enter the main greenhouses by the Horticulture building, you can actually view orchids grown from the seed to the finished product-.-* span of six to ten years. / A speeiql glass enclosed compartment of controlled light, temperature and humidity for the orchids is under the direction qf R .C. Simpson. From Little Seeds When we said orchids grown from seed, don’t misunderstand us, because the seed is smaller thfui a grain of milady’s face powder. Under aseptic bacteriological methods the powder is put in to a sterile
flask. After eight to twelve months in the flask, depending upon the variety, the orchids have germinated enough to be placed into community pots (60 to 100 plants in a pot). At this stage their height ranges from % to % inch. The media in which they are ti-ansfered is known as orchid peat or osmundafiber, composed chiefly of fern roots. Six Years Till Bloom Another year passes bef^ore each plant can have its own pot to grow in. Then follows patient waiting and watchful care because six years must pass before a small bud can mature, and these early bloomers are not the type that fellows order for their dates but are known in the commercial world as spray orchids. The corsage flower must live a year in the flask and grow for ten years before a bloom opens and thereafter each plant has one bloom annually. ' The orchid family has probably a wider and greater distribution of different species than any other member of the plant family. The University collection includes 45
BacKelor Bom' First Night
Amuses Playshop Audience
Green Potters
Dr. Phelps, who is a professor emeritus of Yale University will discuss the books he has enjoyed reading during the past‘year and others he considers worth reading. Professor Phelps’ early years at Yale were marked by what then appeared to be extreme academic heresy. His most notable departure was the organization of an undergraduate class to study the modern novel. This was at a time when most universities refused to acknowledge that current literature was a matter of serious interest. Admission to the convo is by passport or season ticket. Single admissions will go on sale at the window at fifty cents. Doors will open at 7:30 p. m.
Set Dance Date
For April 26
All Bridge Teams Play In Second Qualifying
The second qualifying round of the all-campus championship bridge tournament will be played at 1:30 o’clock Saturday afternoon in the South ballroom of the Union. All teams entered in the tournament, regardless of their showing in the first qualifying round, must play in the second round in order to go into the semi-finals. Teams that finished below the half-way mark in the first qualifying round must place above the one half mark in this second play in order to be assured of a place in the first semi-finals. Teams that finished in the upper half of the first round are automatically qualified for the semi-final games, but they must play again Saturday in order to retain this Standing. Cartons of cigarettes will be awarded to individual players on the high scoring teams, d.t.b.
The Green Potters’ Dance, annual freshman frolic, has been set for Friday evening, April 26th, it was announced yesterday by Walter Clinnin, head of the arrangements committee. The function will be held under the auspices of the Green Potters, in collaboration with the Student Union, and has been planned to climax the activities of the freshman organization for this year, Taking^s a theme an idea that is unique to this campus, the dance will feature a satire on a typical English blackout. Students who attend will be asked to come exactly as they might have beei\ dressed had the air raid alarm been sounded at two o’clock in the morning. This will leave a varied choice of dress or undress to the dancers, which should provide a hilarious time for all. Bands are being auditioned for the occasion, and an announcement of the final choice will appear in the Exponent within the next day or two. Union workers have already begun work upon the backdrop decorations for the evening. The affair will be held in one ballroom of the Union, and the regular mixer price of one dollar will be in effect, l.m.s.
PI A Executive Board
Petition DeadlineSet
For Tomorrow At 5
Hours for co-eds tomorrow night will be 5:00 a. m. If having breakfast at the halls or sorority houses, dates must leave by 6:00. Co-eds desiring to leave place of residence over the week-end must have parents’ written permission.
Petitions for the ten appointive positions on the PIA executive board are due in the PIA office in the Union by 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon, as previously announced. No signatures are required on these petitions but they should include the qualifications of the applicant and suggestions for improvement of the selective position. The SIX positions open to the campus at large are membership chairman, women’s activity chairman, women’s social chairman, men’s social chairman, men’s activity chairman, and political chairman. SCA, WRH, and Cary Hall representatives and publicity chairmen will be chosen by their own organizations at a separate election, f.i.j. )
Members Of AIEE
different species. While most folks think of only one. color as “orchid,” in reality blooms are found in about every shade and combination of white, purple, blue, green, yellow and red. This week a delicate yellow bloom caught the eyes of tjie visitors. As each plant has its own blooming period, some blooms should be present throughout the entire year. A few weeks ago an orchid of beauty and marvelous size was in bloom. These older plants were a gift from the large commercial firm of Lager and Hurrell of Summit, N. J. Not Air Plants Orchids are not “air” plants. Many travelers come back from Mexico and spin yarns about seeing blooming orchids in high trees. But they are not air plants, neither are they parasites. In reality they draw on the air for COa and moisture. To furnish the needed minerals for adequate grWth, dust and organic materials lodge about the roots. It was this last fact that prevented efficient commercial development of the co-ed’s favorite corsage.
Hear H. P. St Clair
Members of the student branch of AIEE were addressed last evening by H. P. St. Clair, System Planning Engineer of the American Gas and Electric Service Corporation of New York, on the subject of characteristics and theory of three and four winding transformers. St. Clair used slides showing transformer connections to illustrate the economic advantages of the multi-wind-ing transformers. His discussion was concluded with information from his o'wn experience regarding transformer use. k.a.k.
DONT be like the fish who waited too long to buy HIS
DEBRIS
No Lines Dropped; No Cues Missed
In Five Acts Of Fast Moving Comedy
By J. A. Purcell Lines, with plenty of the jargon supposedly characteristic of the highly-educated British and sprinkled with “gags,” sufficiently amused the “first-nighters” attending Playshop’s presentation of “Bachelor Bom” yesterday evening in Fowler Hall. Not a line was dropped, not a cue missed, as the play, revolving around the rather over-used subject of the British private school, sped through five lively scenes. The English accent, very wisely.
Owen A. Knox Flails Liberty Suppression At'Strike For Peace'
Reverend Owen A. Knox, Methodist minister, spoke on the topic of, suppression of civil liberties to a group of seventy-five students at a “Strike for Peace” meeting yesterday afternoon in Stanley Coulter hall auditorium. Knox declared that we were moving toward the suppression of civil liberties. He said that the LendLease bill and the Burke-Wads-worth conscription bill were both acts of suppression of the citizens of the United States and that they could not have been passed together because of the effect on public opinion but had to be considered months apart. * He also stated that Democracy must permit “isms” to exist if these “isms”' can convince the majority of the people that they are better than Democracy then we must let them stand. A group discussion was held following reverend Knox’s speech, t.b.n.
we thought, was entirely omitted, which very likely added a lot to the smoothness of the presentation. It was not needed, however^ as both the plot and the characterizations were quite British. Bill Sharpies, as Charles Donkin, the “head” of 54 boys, did a workmanlike job of portraying the hero of all such English schoolboy stories, the “roaring old lion” concealing a “heart of gold.” Next in line for laurels is Virginia Vestal, who, in the part of Cris Faringdon was just enough of
Tonight’s performance of “Bachelor Born” will begin in Fowler Hall at 7:30, Friday and Saturday evening performances scheduled to start at 8:00 p. m. For tickets and other information, contact Playshop business office, telephone 4269.
Dr. Stary To Address Panhellenic Meeting
The Indiana State Panhellenic convention will be held at the Columbus Club in Indianapolis on April 19. Dr. Georgianne Stary of the faculty of Ball State Teachers College will speak on “The New European Woman.” Dr. Stary has just returned to this country after several years as an exchange fellow at the University of Prague. The Lafayette City Panhellenic Association will be represented by Miss Marion Darr, incoming president, Mrs. John H. Skinner, Miss Florence Grimes, Mrs. Jeanetta Jamison, Miss Charlene Bivins, and Miss Mary Alice McConnell. Mrs. R. B. Stewart, out-going president, will report on the activities of the association during the past year. m.f.
the engaging little nitwit to add spice to the lines at her every entrance. 0 Physically best fitted for his part was Richard Kohls, who grew to be cordially hated by the audience as the headmaster, nastily called “The Egg” by the boys, the Rev. Edmund Ovington. \ Ann Ostrander, as her usual pretty self, did hold up the beauty angle of the play, and gave a decent performance as Rosemary Paringdon, Cris’ equally nitwit, but more beautiful, sister. T Harold Martin, as Frank Hastings, Donkin’s colleague and crony, rates our vote for being the most typical (or what we thiok should be typical) British schoolmaster. In brief, although “Bachelor Born” has neither the dramatie plot nor the superior acting of the last Playshop presentation, “Nig^t Must Fall,” it is an enjoyable, Hgfht, two and one-half hours of British humor appreciably well-acted by a well-chosen cast.
Ross Seals Reoirds Into Cornerstone
staff Members Confer With Wkkard In Chicago
Dean Harry J. Reed, of the school of agriculture; Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of home economics extension work; and Virgil D. Sexson visited Chicago yesterday 4^^ere they conferred with Secretary of Agriculture Claude Wiekard and several members of his department. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss proposed changes to the ag^ ricultural program of the AAA. Dean Reed and T. R. Johnston, director of information for the University, will be in Port Wayne this evening to take part in a program honoring the winners of project contests sponsored by the Agricultural Extension Department throughout northeastern Inchana. These men will be heard over station WOWO between 7:30 and 8:80 tonight when some parts of the program will be broadcast, j.q.p.
Yesterday afternoon at 1 o’clock the cornerstone for the new'physics building was laid and hermetically sealed by David E. Ross, chairman of the board of trustees, as 75 trustees, faculty members, students and townspeople looked on. President Edward C. ESUott spoke at the exercise on “The Importance of Physics in the Defense iProgram,” while Brof. K. LarkHorovitz, head of the physics department, replied 4»i hehnK of his department. Prof. D. Stedman, of the physics staff, The copper box sealed inW the cornerstone contains docuittinixli||i.ai!Ml record of by the physito departmmit, aefdeaa of the of trustees, copies of the. catalogs and huUetins, of the Bible, fxj.
lllotiee
Prmn pmgmffewill he availiAle in the cetddcNik oAee during the^ afteri^MMKn todiy uA tMiprroir. students may gel timm hip ppesenting their tickets.
'Vo
I
n\. 1 0 "l|/l. i
fiagiL 2“£diiL
Thursday^ April 17, 1941
(Pu/idusL £xiaomnL
JjumLif. JoUl A Question At the outset is must be stated that the following is personiil opinion. But we believe that a majority of those who attended the Purdue Student Alliance “Strike For Peace,” held yesterday afternoon in Stanley Coulter Hall, will Agrep with the statements herein stated. We Went yesterday to hear the Reverend Owen A. Knox, Methodist mihister, answer the question, “Is Peace Possible ?” But we were not told. The gentleman was challenged on this point. But it seems that there was a mistake between the Alliance and the speaker on a subject for the afternoon. His speech seemed to us to be a defamation of our form of democracy. It seemed to be a discussion of a movement to do away with our civil liberties by the New Deal. It seemed to be an afternoon devoted to a two-hour discussion of a question never mentioned. There was an hour spent in laying a foundation; there were a few “conclusions” given. In closing the speaker did say that peace was possible, “if we remained a democracy.”
His thesis for the afternoon was the loss of American democracy during the past two years. He stated four points to back up his statements. On each of his points there was audience opposition. But we sympathized with the speaker on several of his points; Is the British form of democracy worth defending? Is there “real” democracy in the United States ? These are legitimate questions. They have been in our minds for some time. We believe that many of the questions asked by the audience were unnecessary. The speaker’s political affiliations, his financial backing, his approval or disapproval were not questions to be asked by the audience. But queries that questioned the speaker’s facts and figures seemed to us valid. But to all questions the speaker used on of two forms of retort: either complete agreement or a vapid smile. Questions that seemed to need an answer were answered by requests for “additional questions.” If we are losing our democracy in the United States by forces fostered by the New Deal, some of us in attendance at the “Strike For Peace” found ourselves stymied for the time being in our search for democratic discussion by the speaker’s inability or choice not to answer queries.—JHMcK.
Alpha Sigma Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men; Charles A Wulf, Indianapolis, Dan G Fmkbiner, Indianapolis, Henry L Marshall, Decatur, Maury H Foster, Seymour, and Arthur C. Jackson, Huston, Texas
ARC
The state employment service set up headquarters on the campus of Empona (Kans) State Teachers college for twp days to help seniors find jobs
“Lloyd’s Register of Shipping,” product of the famous Lloyd’s of London, semi-annually chronicles the details of every sea-going ship in the world
TODAY THRU SAT. gm gHAULCS ('/
Columbia Picture'
— AMO — Cursed with the urge to kill!
”Winners of the West" First Run Pathe News
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average MHiole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast M Win BAMm
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits THE QUEEN OF HEARTBREAKERS A BOMBSHELL OF GAIETY AND MELODY WHO KNOWS ALL THE ANSWERS AND USES THEM!
O'KEEFE • CARLETON uaof Slim WKiifi JORY•DUNA - JONES
GALLOPS TO. NIW GLORY ..AS RANGE SONGS RING!
affiAWf OfTMS _
HELD OVER
ARTHUR KENNEDY • OLYMPE BRADNA • VIRGINIA FIELD ANTHONrOuiNN • CLIFF EDWARDS CORNEL WILDE
MARS TODAY-FRI
Richhart, '05, Dies Attending Conference William S Richart, EE ’05, Superintendent of Power Production at 'the Spy Run generating plant of the Indiana Service corporation in Fort Wayne, died unexpectedly April 9, while attending the Midwest Power Conference in Chicago Mr Richart had worked with the Indiana Service corporation since 1917 as an electrical engineer in the light and power department. Sigma Alpha Mu . . announces the election and installation of the following officers George Brick, Prior, Charles Friedman, Exchequer, Gerhard Van Biema, Recorder, Iia Greenberg, Steward, Ralph Brick, Ass’t Exchequei, Robert Hyman, House Mgr , Howie Ceaser, Pledge counselor, Ted Novey, Historian, Sherman Katz, Alumni Recorder, Norm Goldstein, Athletic Manager, Stan Lowy, Correspondent
The ^fh Coltmill
It IS interesting to turn back the pages of time occasionally. Just to keep tab on the boys that make the world go round You run across some interesting things For instance the man who has broken more treaties^ . . Than FDR has campaign promises. v « We quote him as of May 17, 1933. — “The German people have no thought of invading any other country.” Which may all be very true, but it would be much simpler if we could just get Adolph . . . To speak for himself. * * * And on January 13, 1934—“The assertion that the German Reich plans to coerce the Austrian state is absurd ” It seems then that. . . Hitler gets all the credit for that one, too. * 1(1 * Then came Jahuary 30, 1937, and the Austrian paper hanger stated thdt “We look upon bolshevism as upon an intolerable danger to the world.” Whereupon he decided that everything not Nazi was bolsh^vic . . . And set out to save the world from it. * ♦ * Two years latei. January 30, 1939. “Only the warmongers think that there will be a war. I think that there will be a long period of peace ” He missed on that one And his picture of white doves and olive branches backfied on . . . His next to last territorial demand in Europe. * When on September 1 the Poles said if he wanted Poland.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered M sceond elsu matter at the peat ofliee ip Imfayette, Indiana, under tihe aet of Conarrew of Mareh 8, 1879, and at the apeclal rate of poetave prorided for in aeetion 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriaed Jannazv 80, 1922 Published daily except Monday durinc the reg^ar academic year and weeUy during the Bummer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per ^ear, mail sub-
scription, $8.60.
Editor-in^lilef - ~ W. Donahue BusinsM Manager—. — .... Merle Hagemver
PublicaUbn Staff
Hews Editor — .. _ —— J. & McKee Managing Editmr— . . .... . D. K. Bbiple Associate Editors: H. A. Ochiltree, J. A. PurcOU, It, W Rnffner, R. 11. Skallerup, J. D. TrangoU.
Business Staff
lioeal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C Ijanders , Promotion Manager, C P. Danglemajer, Accounts Manager, iL J. Sbadford, Ciroulation Manager, R. M
Reclctenwald. Co-ed Staff
_ . Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Editor _ . Associate Editors:
Sicss.
Sports Staff Editor _ . _ ~J P Dolan Associate Editors: J F. Adamson, P. C Johnson, R. O. Swann.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising hr National Advertising Service, Inc., CoUege Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Novey Day Editor: Miller Issne Editor: Wolf Night Sports Editor. Keeler Staff C V Thomas E Kieper, A Chatfleld, W M Clark; M Flannagan, M L liosey, F Jones, J Petty, K A M Klosson, S J Slesser, D X. Brophy, Q. T Clark, P C Johnson
New Brandi Of Sdeniifk Workers Sodety To Meet Newly formed University branch of the American Society of Scientific Workers will hold its first meeting tonight at 7 30 o’clock in the lecture room of the Physics building Dean E L Akely, University of South Dakota, will discuss the “Social Implications of the Sciences” in his opening speech before the group. The new society has branches in New York City, Chicago and New Haven, Conn The purpose of the society IS to support and help promote the knowledge of the sciences, to emphasize its importance for present day culture, and to develop the philosophical and historical background of the sciences Dean Akely is internationally known for his contributions to engineering education, the teaching of physics, and the philosophy of science c v t
-The Ratio— 3.93 • • • to 1
Congratulations to one Bonnie Robbins—She must have something on the old ball to keep two Sigma Chis, namely Johnny Day and Zu Schneider, chasing her Sunday night, after spending the week at the Sigma Pi State Dance with her ex-pinman, Jim Kutz, Bonnie had dates with the amove mentioned Sigs. One from eight o’clock to nine-thirty, and the other from nine-thirty to eleven o’clock.
Anyone interested might also ask Bonnie about Andy, the Princeton man, from whom she gets a letter a day, and who is coming to spend some time with her come summer
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE —
IT'S FIRST RUN PLUS
The "Dodge City" of the North ,THE NORTHWEST MOUNTED'S MOST EXCITING
DENNIS MORGAN GEORGE TOBIAS!
Frank Freiherr, Jeannie Bair’s pm man is trying to keep things quiet about his activities on the recent Chem inspection trip Ask him to tell you about the gals he met.
Last week the Sig Pis turned up with love songs for the Cole sisters, Bertie and Adele—^isn’t it nice that the girls do everything together?
The Theta Xis came out with a seienade for Splatie, the red-head in the Double S lab. Rumor has it that she might be engaged Who knows?
It looks like the Sig Eps are trjr* ing to beat the draft Bootnose Heckel, after spending Easter Week end in Chicago with his {un girl Dorothy Paulsen, came back to announce that it would be marriage in June. I guess Waddles won’t mind, though—she also goes to the altar after graduation.
When the Theta Xis serenaded Joan Cooper, Kappa, some one forgot to tell Bob Hall, President-elect,
CORSAGES for PROM Your date will be a picture of loveliness at this year's Prom, if you present her with a beautiful corsage from .the . . Dorner's Flower Shop
7th and Main Streets
Phone 6050
He had to come and get it. * * ♦ All of which goes to prove nothing. Except that the only way to find out whether Hitler is being or not. . . Is to call his bluff.—dkh
Costello To Conduct Annual Life Saving Classes Next Week Thomas Costello, field representative of the Life Saving Service of the American Red Cross, will be at the University from Monday through Friday next week to conduct the annual classes leading to instructor’s rating for life savers. The initial meeting for students and townspeople interested in the instruction will be held next Monday night at 7 o’clock in the hygiene room of the women’s gymnasium At this meeting a definite schedule of classes will be arranged. All instruction will be given in the swimming pool of the women’s gymnasium Piofessor Marion Russell, of the University department of physical education for women, will be in direct charge of the women’s classes Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, will be in charge of the men’s classes. Candidates will be required to demonstrate their ability in first aid and water craftsmanship as well as life saving, in order to qualify for the instructor’s rating mil. Phi Kappa Psi . social fraternity, announces the appointment and installation of Dick Sears as house manager, and John Osborne as treasurer The newly elected officers are as follows. Dick Shadford, president; Gordon Belles, vice-president; Tom Baldwin, secretary; Rudy Lawson, ser-geant-at-arms; Bill Rosenbaum, messenger; and Bud Olney, chaplain.
that it was all over—he held on for another five minutes Ruffin.
Lois Hullingsworth, Chi O engineer, suggests that MelzCr, SAE, had better brush up on his dancing, drinking, and especially loving before Prom or a dull time will be had by all —Paid Adn'
. i
Hiis afteinoori at 3:00 ,p. m. sixteen members of the Boilermaker baseball squad along with Coach Fehring and trainer Lon Mahn will leave for Columbus, Ohio, where they will open their extensive Western Conference eampaii^ with a two day series against a strong Buckeye nine. Hie Buckeyes hiave a very impressive early season record and are slated to wind up the conference season well Up in the first division/
In seven encounters on their
seven encounters on
southern tour they emerged victorious in all but one of the contests. |Liast week they split a pair of games with a very good Michigan, State team at East Lansing.
Blanken Back
Pitcher Don Blanken, who tied Notre Dame in his only assignment since the trip south, will leave the hospital today to make the' trip with the team; The lanky moundsman hhs been suffering from a strep throat since Monday, but is expected to be able to play in the Ohio State series if needed. Coach Fehring is taking a well balanced squad of four pitchers, two catchers, six infielders, and four ‘ outfielders. The pitchers, in adiiitibn to Blanken, will be Eminert, Leifheit and Janisch. Captain Fisher and Ernie Young will handle the hackstop duties. Cook, McAdams, McPerren, McCaffery, Myers, and Rawles are the infielders making the trip, and Byelene, Carson, Doherty, and Waterhouse the out-
fielders.
Janisch On Mound Fehring does not expect to make any changes in the line-up that will face the Buckeyes. He probably will ^ve sophomore hurler and outfielder John Janisch the starting assignment for the series. Janisch h«s been very ably holding down a post in right field and batting in the clean-up slot. Captain Fisher will be at the catcher’s post, with McCaffrey at first, McFerren at second. Cook at the hot corner, and Myers at short. Doherty, Byelene, and Carson will probably start in the outfield. Three Game Home Series While the varsity is playing at Columbus there will be a series of , three games on the varsity diamond between the Boilermaker : shock troopers and the freshman nine. They will be regulation games, with official scoring and umpiring. The game this afternoon and tomorrow will start at 4 p. m. with Saturday’s game beginning, at 2
p. m.
The varsity reserve line-up will consist of Potenza, Hincks, Merlin Gantz, Dauowski, Brady, Hoffman, Bob Gantz, Cortese, and Green. Green will do the hurling in the first game, Danowski in the second, and Merlin Cantz in the third. Both
First Ho Hitter . . . of this year’s; intramural baseb^all cometition went down in the books Tuesday afternoon as KDR’s Dick Brown shht out the Sigma Pi squad 7-0. With hits none too plentiful on either side, the KDR team garnerfed their seven mins with but four hits and a number of helpful walks. I M Schediiles FRATERNITY MASS GOLF - Thursday, April 17 All scores must be turned in by Thursday night. Folloviroing fraternities must complete their schedule (one-fourth membership): Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Chi Bho, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta. Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, L^bda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa, Ph.i Kappa Psi, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Alpha Mu, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha: Epsilon, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sijgma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta chi. Theta Tau, Theta Xi, Triangle, Phi Gamma Delta, Belta Chi.
BASEBALL DIAMOND 1 Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Chi ys. Sigma Alpha Mu. Theta Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Triangle vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Sigma Pi vs. Delta Upsilon. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Kappa. Psi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Gamma
Delta.
Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Kappa Sigma.
10
Chi
CLASS “A” TENNIS DOUBLES COURT 4:00 p. m._ _ 11 Pi Kappa ' Alpha vs. Lambda
Alpha.
15 Theta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. 16 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 17 Delta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Elpeilon. 18 Beta Sigma Psi ys. Delta Upsilon. Sigma Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Bho° Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 4 :46 p. m. 11 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Xi. ; _ 16 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. ~ 16 Triangle ys. Sigma Nu. 17 Tau Epsilon' Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 18 Theta Tau vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Sigma Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Sigma
Phi.
Gantz and Danowski are southpaw hurlers. Frosh Unpredictable Little is known of the strength of the freshman teani as yet. They have been working out the past couple of weeks under the tutelage of freshmen coaches Pop Doan and Burt Sanders. It is reported that the yearlings will have plenty of power to make the games quite interesting.
The Arrow Doubler - A dual purpose skirt College men—ho! . . . yon asked for it . . , here it is! A two-way eampus-sports khirt that looks just as well buttoned up witb a tie as it does open at the neck without one. Arrow designed it with fdassic simplicity. It has a long pointed, low band Arrow collar with just the correct flare, 2 pockets, and french seaxa. Fabric is oxford or twill flahnd . . . both durable and Sanforized (fabric shrinkage less than 1%.) Practically two dhirts (both comfortable , and smart) for the price of one. In i^hite and solid colors, $2 and $2.50. "Buy''thi8'’utiUla]Sah\^ HERSEY’S *‘Where Every Shirt Is an ARRQW*’ 507 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
By Joseph Patrick Dolan I have often heard that Mai Elward was 'a Scotsman, but not until yesterday did I see that tr^it in actual practice, and what I saw and heard would have done any son of the plaid clothing proud. A certain member of a national popular sporting goods firni was trying to sell Mr. Elward a new set of football jerseys and pants, using Tommy Melton for a model. ■■ — I guess from the look on Melton’s face, the co-captain didn’t mind, changing suits every ten or twenty minutes, but the look on the salesman’s face was perplexing. Frankly, yours truly wouldn’t try to sell the Purdue football coaching staff a fish on Good Friday. ■, —I-L—' The fellow said the pants then on Melton were used at Notre Dame, but Joe Boland said they weren’t. Joe just came froni serving a stretch at the Irish school; so the salesman was stymied. The salesman explained that the jersey on display was of the finest type of Australian wool; but Elward renfunded him that USA had received ho such clothing from the South Seas since 20 months ago due to the corked'up shipping lanes. Stymie number 2. ■■ I-I— By this time Elward has the poor fellow talked down a couple of bucks on $13.00 pants, and the guy’s about to forfeit his commission to sell the Purdue chief. Still trying to make a profit, he brings out a
Dick Kratzer Elected Captain; Eight Major Nunierals Presented; Minor,fresh Honors Last night, at a banquet held in the Union, 45 members of the Riveter swimming squad gathered in honor of their new lettermen and graduating seniorB. Eight major and as many minor awards were presented the swimmers and official announcement was made of the election of Dick Kratzer as cap-
tain of next year's team. s ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
■ . Papenguth Cites Improvement
Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth spoke after the banquet on the progress the squad has made in the past few years and the excellence of the prospects for next season. Reviving fond memories of the trip South, which the team made this past Christmas vacation, became an absorbing pastime for the boys as movies were shown on the Florida
swimming meet.
Chuck Siler, graduating Riveter captain and this year’s president of the Dolphin Club, in addition to his parting remarks, announced the letter awards for the present season and also the new officers of the club. Next year’s Dolphin Club officials will be: President, Fred Herr; Vice President, Richard Kratzer; Secretary, Ted Anderson; treasurer, Walter Frank; Sergeant-at-Arms,
Joe Williamson.
Kratzer Star of Past Season Newly elected swimming captain,
“new and just the style” of shoulder pads, which trainer Lon Mann says won’t protect a fly from a fly-swat-
ter. Stymie number 3. '
■ I-U-
Now this salesman whose name is Mike Kelly can’t stand this bit of out-talking by a Scotsman; sO he swings into highrgear language known only to those who care to stay awake nights thinking' of the selling talk and points. After a beautififi bit 'Of rhetoric found only amohif odr speech departttient (no suckiimplied), all the salesman gets is a i‘aui:h from Mel Taube and Sam Voinoff. He was trying to explain a new type Of rivet in the shoulder pads, which for all his adjectives
appeared like a rivet.
—i-L— -
Mel Taube looks seriously at a pair of “the bestest of the best” woven pants, and states he’s seen ’em duplicated somewhere before— maybe at Massachusetts State. Here was one representative of the sales line getting friendly ra?z-ber-ries and then a sale. Because' Elward is a Scotsman and knows what he wants—5r deesl’t take a substi= tute. “ By the way. Baseball manager Da'vis wishes to know if Dr. Miller’s Pillrdllers are going to play that telegraphic bowling contest against the Tender Shop Terrors of the Baldwin Locomotive Works at Philadelphia. Davis has had two years of patience, Doc; so haVe a heart.
Dick Kratzer, has been one of the most consistent winners on thta past season’s greatly improved" tank squad. With his specialties being the free style and medley relay events, this junior from Kenmore, N. Y. holds both the freshman and varsity records in the 60 and 100 yard style. Following is'the list of the swimming awards: Majora—C. A; Siler, Oak Park, III.; R. G. Kratzer, Kenmore, N. Y.; J. W. Carney, Sonth Bend; J. R. ■Williamson, South Bend; F. W. Herr, South Bend: F. M. Branner, West Lafayette; T- A. Andersen, Walton; J. R. Mecredy, Baltimore, Md. Minors—J. H. Horn, Ft. Wayne; G. B. McCay, Hammond; F. B. Lake, Detroit, Mich.; H. :Oebstein, Fort Wayne; E. M. Tingley, Oak Park, III.; F. S. Farkas, South Bend; J. P, Ancker, Indianapolis’; J. W. Krueck, New Haven. Freshman Numerals—J. A. DiHey. Huntington' ; V. E. Hansel, Indianapolis; C. S. LaBaw, Hammond ; P. H. Snyder, Kenmore, N. Y. ; C. E. Erickson, Brooklyn. N. Y.; J. Staney, Roanoke, Va.; J. H. Juengst, New Rochelle, N. Y.; H. C. Bauer, Hammond; R, J. McCarthy, New York, N. Y.; J, L.' Carroll, Hammond; R. P. Harvey, Rockford, 111.; J. Hazelwood, Frankfort; W. L, Hirsch, South Orange, N. J.; T. E. Norquist, Gary; W. M. Grube, Latrohe, Pa.; T. M. Nourse, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Fisher, Goldsmilh leave For Conference Of Deans M. L. Fisher, dean of men, and Assistant Dean of Men F. I. Goldsmith, left last night for the University of Cincinnati, where they will attend the annual National Men’s Deans and Advisors conference.
We Garry the
New Doubler in Our ARROW SHIRT Stock
416
nCWCMTED'C
416
MAIN
l/CWCIHICK J
MAIN
the Purdue Exponent
Direotory
• Professional Risk bentaL Clinic OR. RAUL A. RISK DR. UITHIR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4iti fr Main Sts.
Phone 5710 /
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
a Hardwara
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc.
Phone 4354
We Deliver
School Suppiiot DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
W. LAFA.YETT '^JhiniaL librar
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOR 3c PER DAY - 10c MINIMU)
R. C. eisenbach jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
ARROW DOUBLER
THE FREEMAN
Indoors
The Two in One Shirt $2 and $2.50
At last, here’s a double duty shirt that serves yoii equally well as a sports shirt or as a regular shirt. The trick is in the low-band, long-pointed convert- „ . ible- Afrow Collar. The Doubler Shirt has two buttonthru pockets and a French seam front. The fabric is hxford or twill flannel . . . both durable and San-forized-Shrunk (shrinkage less than 1%). You’ll have practically two comfortable and smart shirts for (he price df one, In white and solid colors. $2 and 12.50. Biiy ihl$ utilitarian value today!
ARROW SHIRTSfiagoi, - 'SanahaL
Thursday, April 17, 1941
fijuadua, £xpomnt
stale YMCA To Hold N«v»<Comn»nrf« eold Peppers Inlliate Tradslecs Oppose
PledgesTodayMtSO Butler In Week-End
Prof. Bolz Writes Article
Tenth Conference
T0 Discuss Aviation
For Industrial Magazine
Young men throughout the state will meet Saturday and Sunday for the tenth annual Y M C A Young Men’s Conference sponsored by the Lafayette YMCA, and local Phalanx club. Registration and assignment to homes will be in the YMCA building from 10 a. m. until 1 p. m. A tour of the campus will follow the registration peiiod. The opening session will start at three o’clock with singing led by A1 Stewart. The keynote address will be delivered by Judge W, Lynn Parkinson of Lafayette. Discussion groups on personality, vocations, propaganda, youth in the church, building a home, and entertaining yourself will be conducted by several University professors. From 5 to 6 o’clock will be a recreation period for bowling, billiards, and swimming. Elliott Speaks Lynn S. Robertson, president of YMCA will act as toastmaster at the banquet starting at six o’clock. Dr. E. C. Elliott will deliver the welcoming address. There will be special musical numbers followed by the speaker of the evening, “Dusty” Miller, Wilmington, Ohio. A draft dance starting at nine o’clock will close activities for the day. Sunday’s program will consist of further song sessions, a business
Commander F. M. McWhirter, Commanding Officer of the Tihrd Naval Reserve Area, will address the University students, concerning the opportunities now offered in Naval Aviation, at 4 j). m. Tuesday, April 22, in the electrical engineering building. The address will be accomopanied by a motion picture “The Eyes of the Navy.” ^ Commander McWhirter, assisted by the officers of the Flight Selection Board of Chicago, will explain the new course of training in naval aviation which is now available to University students who have completed half the work required for graduation and who are less than twenty-seven years old. Included in the progfam Tuesday is a discussion period during which Commander McWhirter will answer questions concerning all phases of the projects mapped for accepted
applicants.
Your Day Is
I
Drawing Near
Your CAPS and GOWNS Are Waiting for You by Courtesy of Gullion’s No Down Payment—Pay When You Get Them
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
See Our Following Campus Representatives Jim Blackwell Bob Gleason Bub Taylor Dave Rankin Wayne Musser Reb Swartz Ollie Brackmari
Pqlai? Rpual
m
CLEARANCE-
COATS Were — $16.95 to $39.95 Now — $12.95 to $23.95 2 piece and 3 piece SUITS Were — $16.95 to $22.95 Now — $12.95 to $16.95 Sport and Dressy JACKETS and SKIRTS
Were to Now — $1.98 Tweeds and Plain
Twenty-six Gold Pepper pledges will be initiated today at 4:30- jn the Tower Room of the Union. A banquet will be held in the East reception room afterwards to lionor the initiates.
Outdoor Meet Here
Motion pictures will t>e taken of the banquet and movies of last year’s banquet will be shown. Dean Dorothy Stratton, faculty "adviser of Gold Peppers, will be the guest of honor.
meeting, discussion groups on popular topics, an open forum under C. W. Gimbel, Gen. Secretary of the YMCA, from Richmond. James Swanson, LaPorte, will deliver the principal address of the closing session, speaking on “A Challenge to Action.” The closing address will be given by Prof. Robert Phillips of the University history, government, economics department.
'Merle Hagemeyer has been in charge of training the pledges. The 'pledges are Kathryn Ade, Barbara Adkins, Cornelia ^ Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, June Close, Mary Crane, Peg Davis, Betty Erick, Patricia Forgey, Barbara * Fellows, Betty Graham, Mary Henry, Anna Jensen, Janet Morehouse, Betty Morris, Kathryn Murphy, Agnes McCulloch, Ruth Newton, Mary Pidgeon, Sarah Partenheimer, Ruth Rose, Mary Ellen Scarff, Virginia Schaupp, Donna Siess, Tad Stiers, and Bonnie Swope, a.c.
Dr. Strauss Will Speak At AWS Marital Lecture
Dr, Elizabeth K. Strauss of Chicago will discuss “Marriage from a Woman Physician’s Standpoint” in the last of the AWS marital lectures today at 4 and 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of the Education building. Senior men will attend the afternoon talk while the evening affair will be open to all junior and senior women. Passports will be required. Dr, Strauss spoke to the PEW classes on personal hygiene in her last appearance on the campus. She has, however, also been a speaker for the marital lectures several times during the last five years, f.i.j.
Fresh from a victory over Michigan State, which saw the Little Brown Jug still reposing in the Fieldhouse trophy case, Hermon Phillips’ track team will run up against Butler Saturday at 12:30 o’clock in Ross-Ade Stadium. Hermon guided the destinies of the Bulldogs until he came here in 1937 and he obviously will have another axe to grind besides winning. Cap City Lads Tough Ray Sears, who succeeded “Phil” at the Indianapolis school boasts of numerous individual stars and sure point-getters. Dave Rankin will be extended to his utmost when he is matched with Ray Alsbury in the hurdles. The latter is only a sophomore and has leveled virtually all competition in Indiana Conference track circles. A keen battle in the half-mile is anticipated. This race will see Bulldog Jimmy Stewart in a close tangle with Alex Jentsch. Alex turned in a 1:59 880 at East Lansing last Saturday, which is exceptional in anyone’s league, considering it was the first outdoor run of the season for the Boilermakers and the Spartan Cinder path was not in the best possible condition. As yet, the final list of entries has not been posted, but both institutions will have large squads ready to sprint to the tape.
Pan-Hellenic Council
Installs New Officers
Installation of officers of the PanHellenic Council, as provided by this year’s newly adopted constitution, was held yesterday at 4 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Under the new constitution no house will hold the presidency'' two consecutive years. The following officers, elected from the junior representatives instead of being rotated as formerly, were installed: President, Barbara Adkins, Kappa Alpha Theta; Vicepresident, Jane Avery, Phi Mu; Secretary, Joan Weist, Alpha Chi Omega; Treasurer, Mary R. Craig, Kappa Kappa Gamma, c.v.t.
Sorry, Jayhawkers! It was originally planned that the Gold and Black would journey out to the Kansas Relays, but the idea was consigned to the scrap heap in
favor of scheduling the Capitol City runners. No doubt, Phillip will rely upon such established stars as Dave Rankin, hurdles; Capt. Ed Holderman, mile and two mile; Alex Jentsch, half mile; Paul Anthony, 440 yard dash and Jake Weber who tosses the shot put and the discus into surrounding counties with the utmost of ease, o.t.c.
GORGEOUS NEW COLORS
Clothes were never more pretty than this year. Crown Cleaning Service works wonders in keeping clothes looking new.
@R0WN Laundry
f I M 1 t k JAIW OF FIMg CLOTBCt
. . the young men*8 fancy turns to love . .
So kindle That Spark with a Date in the
JhjL fiwuiwL TyisumfiiaL lAmofu
Notices
Prof. H. A. Bblz, of the school of mechanical engineering has an article entitled, “No Mechanism is Complicated,” appearing in the April issue of Industrial Power. The Article demonstrates that all of our fundamental mechanisms are variations of one extremely simple form, and that, by a logical process of analysis, any complex mechanism may be studied as a series of simple motions. The mode of reasoning, used according to Prof. Bolz, is particularly adaptable to the analysis of complicated machine design problems, f.i.j.
Senior MiUtaiT Stndenta: Sian up on tha Bulletin board in the Armorr for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 -^OEENSON
CE 12 Conditions: Tests for removal of C’s in Hiahway Construction will be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Civil Buildina. —petty.
WAA: Archery practice Tuesday, April 16, and Thursday at 4 p. m. Five practices necessary for enterina tournament. -JOHNSON
WAA: Meetina of all council members at 7:30 Thursday evening, April 17, at the gym. —PIDGEON
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Short meeting in oifice Thursday, April 17, at 4 p. m. —SIESS.
WAA: Baseball practice on Wednesday, April 16, and Friday, April 18, at 4 p. m. Last chance lor points. Intra-mural schedules were posted Monday, April 22. —COOPEIR.
Gold Peppers: Initiation Thursday, April 17, at 4:80 in the Tower Room of the Union. Banquet follows. ' —HAGEMEYER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important I Initiation practice Thursday afternoon, April 17, at 5 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. If you desire to go to the initiation breakfast Sunday morning, April 20, at 7 a. m., call or see Doris Bower, WRH. Deadline, 6:80 p. m. Thursday. —WAYNE.
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University Bookstore, and at the west desk of the Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
Debris: Freshman-Sophomore sales meeting will be Thursday, April 17, instead of Wednesday as usual. —LANCET.
POMM Pledges: Meeting Thursday, April 17, 7:16 a. m Wear uniforms. —YEAGER.
Ag Chem Club: Meeting postponed .Watch Exponent -for notice of next meeting. —ELKIN.
Riding Club: There will be a meeting concerning the Gym Khana on Thursday. April 17, at 7:36 p, m., in the Union. Ask at the West desk of the Union to find out which room the meeting will he held in. —GRAHAM.
Ag. Ed. Society, Officers and Directors: Meeting Thursday, April 17, at 8 p. m. room 232 in Union. —CONRAD.
Christian Student Fellowship: Regular meeting Thursday, April 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —LONG
All Fraternity and Sorority Songleaders: Meeting with A1 Stewart Thursday, April 17, at 4 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MURPHY
Wesley Players: Election of officers Thursday 7:30 p. m. at West Lafayette Methodist church —PETERSON
Classified Ads
Typawritera aad adding machinaa, mmw and used, for sale, rent and regatred. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.Tt to 869.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph aad multigraph work. C. F. Ebershofl, 809 Main St. Phone, 2779.
For Rant: Russ-Rent-A-Car Serviea. Oara for all occasions. Min. 12.69 all night. Phone 2407.
Lost: Lord Elgin wrist watch, Monday, April 15, in room 110, Heavilon Hall. Tel. 4096. Reward. W. Paunicka.
Wanted To Buy: A 1934-’85-’36 convertible coupe, good condition, preferably Ford. Phone 66443.
Lost: Pail fine bifocal spectacles in brown case at or near Purdue Union Tuesday evening. Finder please call 76506.
Lost: 12-inch “World” slide rule in black case in or about Armory, 11 ;00 a. m. Wednesday, April 16. Gall 66863. Dick Wallace.
Lost: Woman’s bill fold, wine colored. Reward offered. If found notify Martha Pabst, 6067.
TAe Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities