To Address Students
Co-Captains
mmt LedittresMFotder Ball
Dr. Lillito Mi Gilbreth> professor of maiiagen^ of the University faculty and consulting engineer in inanagemeht in New York City, will address seniors today in the sixth of a series of employment lectures at 4 o’clock in the Eliza Fowler Hall, on a subject entitled, “Techniques of Effectiveness”. Dr. ■—Gilbreth, world renown as one
Dr. Davis Will Speak Before Convo Sunday
Noted Pastor To Address Seventli Meeting For Worship
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor of the Church of Covenant, Erie, Pa., will speak before the seventh religious convocation Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Eowler Hall. This will mark the tenth time that Dr. Davis has spoken at the University, and he is considered one of the most popular speakers ever to appear on the campus. Previous to his pastorate in Erie, Dr. Davis was pastor of the Hyde Park Presbyterian church, of Chicago, which included the University of Chicago within its bounds. He held this pastorate for nearly eight years. Previous to this he was pastor of the First Presbyterian church of St. Louis, Missouri; the Fourth Presbyterian church of Boston, Mass.; and the Westminster Presbyterian church of San Francisco, Calif. He has been a public school teacher, assistant college profes sor, lecturer on the faculty of the old McCormick Theological Semin ary, Chicago, and a teacher in young people’s camps and conferences. He is very popular as a special preacher at colleges and uni versities.
of the foremost engineering authorities, promises to give one of the best employment lectures of the series. Wide Experience The Consulting engineer has dealt in a wide experience of engineering problems both in America and European countries, and her talk will represent the practical viewpoint of business and industry, and a discussion of the measurements of success as applied to business and industry. Dr. Gilbreth is the author of several authoritive books, papers, and articles on management, re-educa-tion of crippled children, psychology and home making, and she is one of the few women admitted to the American Society of Mechanical Engineering, and she also holds membership to many of the leading engineering organizations in Europe and in this, country.
WAA To Hold Nominations
To Hold Primary Mectioiis At 5 P. M« Today In W©meii’s Gym
Soph Cotillion ^ Programs Available May Be Obtained At Special Desk In Union Lobby After 4 O’clock Today
Programs for the Sophomore Cotillion may be obtained after o’clock this afternoon at a special desk in the Union lobby, in exchange for stubs attached to the tickets. The programs are made of heavy black celluloid embossed with a pair of silver wings in harmony with the aviation idea of the dec orations. Co-eds have been granted ‘ o’clock hours for the dance which will be held from 9 until 1 o’clock tomorrow night in the Union ballroom, with Ace Brigode and his “Virginians” furnishing the Byacopation. Sylvia' Rhodes, 18-year-old beauty, will be the featured vocalist. Decorations are in the form of a China Clipper ship with the orchestra located on the prow. The “Goddess of Speed” is painted in light blue, silver and black colors on the backdrop. Pledges of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary sponsoring the dance, have been selected and will be announced at the dance shortly before the grand march.
j/M
Russian Countess To
P
CySlockln EUzdFotvler Ball
Irina Wladimirovna Keller Skariatina, exiled Russian countess, will speak tonight on “Russia of Today and Yesterday*V in Eliza Fowler Hall; at 8 o’clock. This is the last of the series of University cohyocations. , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Born in St. Petersburg, relate^d to one of the country’s most wealthy and most powerful
families, and descendant of Rurik, first Prince of Russia, Countess Keller was raised under the Czarists regime. After finishing the regular private course the countess studied medicine. Her early life was full of contacts of “old Russia”, and she served as
Union Show To Hold Dress Behearsals
A reception will be held for Countess Keller tonight after the convocation in. the Union ballroom. All students are invited to attend.
14 Basketball Stars Win Major Letters
matron of honor to the Empress Marie Feodorpvna, and to the illfated Alexandra.
4<p0 Attend Annual Li&ns Club Banquet For Team; Downey^ Seward Named CoA^aptains Fourteen major letters Were awarded to Purdue athletes at the annual Lions club banquet in the Memorial Union Building last night honoring “Piggy” Lambert and his co-cham-pionship Boilermaker basketball squad. A capacity group of approximately 400 fans, officials, and alunani were present to
pay tribute to the team, at
W. A. A. primary elections will be held today at 6 o’clock in the Women’s Gym, only active W. A. A. members being allowed to vote. In order to have active standing, co-eds must have paid their dues and have earned 25 W. A. A. points. A list of such members is posted on the bulletin board in the gymnasium along with a list of girls who have their points but have not paid dues. Dues may be paid up until the time of the primary in order to have Voting privileges. Quorum. Present . At this meeting a third nominee may be added for each office by a majority vote, providing a quorum of members is present. If any such candidates are added, their qualifi cations must be presented at the same time. The two nominees then receiving the highest number of votes will become the candidates in the forthcoming election to be held on March 18. Announcement of the following slate to be presented at the W. A. A. primary was made yesterday: president, Elizabeth Arnold and Minnadel Venemann; vice president, Mary Humphreys and Emily Tubbs; treasurer, Mary Ellen Delaplane and Betty Goit; secretary, Elizabeth Maier and Ruth Wiley.
To Honor Troop At Birthday .Banquet
the largest event of its kind in recent years. Coach Lambert announced that Glen Downey and Jim Seward, stellar performers of this year’s team, had been elected co-captains of the Boilermaker squad next year. Both have had two years of varsity experience. Everett Dean Speaks Everett Dean, basketball mentor at Indiana University, was the principal speaker on the program. He lauded Coach Lambert and the team for their record this season, stressing the importance of good sportsmanship, clean habits, and a competitive spirit. Dr. L. M. Sears was toastmaster. He introduced members of the athletic staff, visiting coaches, and University officials who were present at the banquet. The awards to the team were pre^ sented by Coach Lambert. Capt. Kessler Capt. Bob Kessler, of Anderson, who captured the Big Ten individ ual scoring honors with 160 points in 12 games and set a high mark for field goal scoring with 61, an average of slightly better than five field goals per game, was presented with a special trophy commemorating his achievements as one of the features of the evening. Both Kessler and Malaska were presented with gold basketballs for being selected on the all-state team this year. Special recognition was
given to Kessler, Ed Elliott, and “Red” Lambert, graduating seniors on the squad. In addition to the fourteen major letters awarded to the members of the varsity squad, 19 freshman varsity numerals were awarded to the members of the yearling squad. The complete list of awards fol-
lows:
Major Letters John Bruce, Peru; Charles Budd> Muncie; Glen Downey, Miehigantown; Ed Elliott, Lafayette; Robert Kessler, Anderson; Austin Lambeft. Hall; Paul Malaska, CfawfordsviUe; Carrol Mangas, Union City; James Seward, Indianapolis; John Sines, Lafayette; Robert Smith, Anderson; Jewell Young, Lafayette; Ercell Cummins, Connersville, and Vincent Holloway, Battle Ground. Minor Letter—:Robert Coulter, LaGrange, 111., student manager. Freshman Varsity Numerals E. I. Anderson, Ffanklin; N. B. Barsha, Anderson; R. H. Dean, W Lafayette; T. K. Dickinson, Lafayette; C. D. Donovan, Yorktown; J. H. Downing, Fortville; S. H. Gut ting, Shelbsrville; G. Higgins, Hammond; D. O. Hutt, Indianapolis; J, C. Lyboult, Richmond; P. A. Mascari, Terre Haute; Joe Mihal, Gary E. F. Miller, Rochester; F. H. Montague, Noblesville; C. F. Swan, Tulsa, Okla.; G. YanHoose, Newcastle; W. L. Vergane, Michigan City; J. Vernon, Rochester; H. Zink, Monticello.
Sentenced To Death When sentenced to death at the end of the revolution, she was saved through the efforts of friends on the American relief commission, She left for America with no hope of seeing Russia again. After years of fruitless effort she Wrote to Litvinov, U. S. R. R. minister of for eign affairs, who granted her permission to return. Her observations were recorded in “The First To Go
Back”.
Two of her other books, “A World Can End”, in which she related the events of the revolution, “A World Begins”, in which she tells of her marriage to a- young naval officer, Victor Brakeslee, and her life in America, are now popularly read.
Skinner Will Talk To Ag s
To Hold Aiiiiiial Winter Course Banket At 6 O’ elock T ©niglit
J, H. Skinner, dean of the school of agriculture, director of the agricultural experiment station, and di rector Of agricultural extension, will speak on the subject “The Agriculture of Today’, at the twelfth annual winter course banquet that will be held in the Home Economics Building tonight at 6 o’clock. This banquet marks the closing of the eight weeks’ course in agriculture
which is given each year.
Will Give Special Matinee Perforinaiice SatiirdAy At 1! 3© P. M.
Professor James Troop will be Co^ed Teiis Of WiMShmgi&ii U, Llfe^
honored by the “Thomas Say” En-
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do So before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s office. M-D. FISHER, Dean of Men.
tomological Society at a banquet to be held tonight at 6 o’clock in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Troop has been connected with the entomology department for over twen-ty-Seven years, and the occasion will be held on his eighty-third birthday. Tickets may be obtained from George Gould. All staff members, students and friends are invited tO! attend.
Prom Tickets
All those wishing to apply for Prom permits must' do so by 5:30 Friday, March 13. All applications for tickets must be paid at the cashier’s office by 12:30 Saturday, March 14. There are to be no exceptions.
By E . H. Morris. To obtain a picture of college life in the far west, you have only to spend a few minutes talking with Mary 'Ellen Bortner, a co-ed who has transferred from the University of Wasbi*i&lon, in Seattle, to Purdue. We were seated in the Sweet Shop the other day sipping “cokes” when I happened to ask her to tell me something of campus life at the University of Washington. Smiling, She replied, “I’m afraid I’m too prejudiced to make a fair comparison, but I will try to sketch a brief picture of the campus. “You see, there is really no definite means of comparing Purdue with Washington. In the first place Washington is a larger school, enrolling nearly 10,000 students; and it also operates on the quarter sys-
tem, which^—” “Just what is the quarter system and how does it operate ?” I inter rupted. Finals Before Xmas “Well, the school year is divided into four periods of twelve weeks each. Three of these periods complete the school year, while the fourth period is the summer session. Classes start in October and last until Christmas, when final examinations are taken. The second quarter opens in January and con tinues until April, then more finals and spring vacation. After vacation the third quarter opens and lasts until June.” "Do you like the plan?” ! asked
Other Speakers Other speaaers on the program will include a representative of each of the four options, animal husbandry, general agriculture, dairy production, and dairy manufactures. Awards to the winners of contests conducted by the various depa.rtments Will be made by Prof. C. F. Gobble, Mr. Arthur Mauch, Prof. J. W. Wilbur, and Pi^of. R. E. Roberts. James E. Carver, of Michigan City, and president of tiie Short Course Society, will act as toastmaster at the banquet. An orchestra composed entirely of short course men will provide the
music.
The final closing exercises for the whole short course program will be held tomorrow morning at 9:30, when President Elliott presents the graduating certificates to the group. At this meeting T, A. Coleman will also speak.
Final dress rehearsals for “Carmita” will be held this mpming and tomorrow morning at the Mars Theater, Student Union officials in , charge of the production announced last night. The finished show WiH be presented twice Saturday, at 1:30 p. m. and 8 p. m. at the Mars. The special matinee was decided upon by Union Board members -la take care of townspeople and stn« dente who postponed tmtil too late the purchase of tickets for the evening performance. No seats will be reserved for the matinee and tickets ■will be priced at 40 cents. Wray’s Band To Play Members of; Orval Wray’s band have donated their services to the show. They are making no charges for the time spent in rehearsal and an engagement was cancelled by him to make it possible for his band to play during the show. Although the advance ticket sale has been heavy, there kre still a few reserved seats available, both main floor and balcony. Tickets are being sold each day from 1 p. m. until 9 p. m. at the Mars Theater
box office.
Rollicking Romance “Garmita” is a roUicldhg musical romance packed ■with “catchy” tunes, colorful dancing and mystery “Ghost Rider” thrills, accofding to reports of those in charge. Fourteen students have speaking parts in the plot sequences which are built around a Western “Dude” ranch. Fifty other students ■will dance and sing in the chorused. Specialty rhumba numbers ■will be presented by Elizabeth Hayes from the Canal Zone, and F. R. Trapaga, from Porto Rico. Both students have ■witn|tesed original native rhumba dances since chfldhOod. Tangos will be given by Louise Burkle and Bill Upton during the number “Si Si Senorita”. Jane Allen, talented Lafayette dancer, arid Marian Fearheiley ■will present specialty tap dancing numbers between the acts.
Dr. Gerard Gives Third Marital Talk
Dr. Gerard addressed 80 senior co-eds last night at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building on the subject “Marriage from a Man’s Viewpoint”. This lecture is the third in a series of four co-ed marital lectures sponsored by W. S. G. AMarriage was discussed from several standpoints including the physiological, .psychological, and the problems Of morals and adjustment. Dr. Theodora Wheeler, who was unable to deliver her scheduled lecture Tuesday ■will probably address this group next week.
Debris Sides To Close
“Oh, yes, very much,” she® re-
plied, “because when Christmas
(Continued on page 4)
This is the last week during which a 1936 Debris may be ordered. The Debris office will be open from 4 imtil 6:30 p. m. each week night and all day Saturday. No money need be paid do'wn at time of ordering the yearbook which is now priced at $5.00.
C. R. Claiier, ’32, Accepts Position With Steel Contpany C. R. Clauer, C. E. ’32, has recently accepted a position in the engineering department of the Truscori Steel Company, Youngstown, Ohio.
■
'Spl
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Pirathon fraternitir announces the pledging of G. W. Shartaer, Dayton, Ohio; and G. Sever, Waldron.
'mimMvaiber «* Kstional Ci^lese Frees Aesodaboi^ Big Ten ^toria! Association nvrfiiinTOiy Bepresented by National AdveTtisiHig Service. Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York
Sntered ua second class matter at the pMt office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by man, f8 60 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cento
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student PraMiiation of Purdue University
Bditor-in>Chlef — Managing Editor— „ Associate Editors
Sports EMitor Associate Sports Editors Sophomore Assistaats — C Harper, Jr Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF _ _ _ H V Heuser ' „ „ „ C H. Campbell rr A,JVI Chasteen, C M, Hardin, W T Hunt, E H Morris, M. G Walther _ N E Hays „ DP Mull, B. H Walpole, L. D Wood K, A Barnette, J E Brock, A H Forester R. P Manion, C L. Sadler, B. C Schenk, J L von Hars _ W. B Abbott
Business Manager^ Advertising Manager „ Advertising AssistantsCirculation Manager Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF ^ W A Koch _ H F Antonim . _ ■ L. H Brown, B Creek, D C Miller „ _BJ Hulse J G Girard, G B Shields
Editor _ Associate Editors — Advertising Manager-
WOMEN’S STAFF -Joyce Williams Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann Josephine Perkins
Thursday, March 12, 1936.
Issue Editor—C. Harper, Jr.
The Frontier Advances
One of the more interesting frontiers that can be found m our immediate midst is the line of between-class smokers that forms for ten minutes on or near the walk between Purdue Hall and the Physics Building. Last year the frontier advanced from across the road, encompassed the steam tunnel vent, and now it is moving forward at a steady pace. Many students would be ready to drop the no-smoking tradition on the grounds that it is foolish and inconvenient; others would see it preserved if only for sentimental reasons. The two groups should get together, work out an answer, and possibly appoint some member of the Senate to draw a pretty yellow chalk line on the boundary between the restricted and the unrestricted areas.
GUESS WHO Didn’t go noplace Didn’t do notMng Didn’t see nobody—^nohow And it only took two and a half hours.
NUTS In spring a young man’s fancy turns to love and all that stuff. And it’s a helluva time for the Thetas to put up a new porch light —especially on the dark side of the house.
LEAP YEAR “Bibs” Pyke is on the verge of carrying out the idea of the season. Hang on to Brother Brush you Sigma Nus, she IS out for a Prom date.
CARMITA We can’t figure out which is the funniest—Ohaver’s portrayal of a gunman or Plorer’s “Horse Brigade”. And leave it to a Kappa to have the loudest speaking part, if not the best
Chicago’s Newspaper Fight
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN INTERESTING
The D. U s had their annual boat race with the Kappa Sigs last nite after their Chi O dinner. Why didn’t they take ’em along and make it a triangular affair’
The drawn out squabble in Chicago concerning the change to eastern standard time has not been a mumcipal argument, but rather it is a fight between two newspapers, the Chicago Tdbime and the Chicago Daily News. The new ordinance will disrupt the smooth business of the stockyards, railroads, and similar businesses, but it Will give the Trlhume an extra hour in which to collect the news and sell papers. The Daily News, quick to realize the slack in their sales that will result, has taken up the fight with a vigor and the results have been interesting, and, at times, quite humorous. While the Trihime consistently runs long articles to tell how daughter will have an extra hour to play under Old Sol and how father will be able to cut the grass in the evening after work, the Dally News goes to the opposite extreme to run pictures of poor working people going to work while the street lights are still plainly visible. The people of the city of Chicago are playing a minor role in a discussion which should concern only them. The two papers are fighting for a purely mercenary reward, giving Httle or no consideration to the effects that will be produced on their source of income—the community that they serve. It would be well for Colonels McCormick and Knox to forget their papers for a while, and let the people decide whether they prefer to go to work in the dark or cut grass when that work !@ imsked
The Republican Dilemma
With convention time rapidly approaching, the most important task confronting the Republicans is the selection of a candidate behind whom they may unite. Although Herbert Hoover is still the titular head of the party, it is extremely doubtful that he will attempt to secure the nomination, thus throwing the race wide open. The two strongest candidates who have yet come forward are undoubtedly Senator Borah and Governor Landon. Borah, the first to actually toss his hat into the ring, is an old man, and this fact, together with his inconsistent liberality, may eliminate him from the picture But it is probable that he will control some delegates at the convention, and thus at least succeed in writing some of his liberality into the G. 0. P. platform. Despite the big build-up given him by Hearst, Landon seems potentially the strongest man m the field Willing to accept some of the New Deal reforms, he seems to be basing his chances on the balancing of the budget, a task which the Democrats appear singularly unable or unwilling to perform. By occupying such a midway position, Landon seems to approximate the general sentiment of the party more closely than any other man as yet announced to run. But he is treading on shaky ground in one respect, by trying to concede points to both liberals and conservatives. When members of both wings of the party come away from interviews with Landon, they seem to think that he believes as they do, although his actual stand encompasses some of the more popular points of both Democratic and Republican programs. There are also innumerable dark horses who may emerge victorious from the convention if it is deadlocked. Senator Vandenburg, of Michigan, and Colonel Frank Knox, of Chicago, are often mentioned as potential compromise candidates, while a host of others are ready to snap up any opportunity that may come along. In case Landon has not gained strength sufficiently by the time set for the convention, it may be that a repetition of the events of 1920 will take place. It will be remembered that then, just following a Democratic administration, Warren G. Harding was selected as the man to break the deadlock, and eventually, as President. The number of unpledged delegates and favorite sons which possibly may figure in the coming convention seems to indicate such a repetition. But it is entirely possible that Landon or some one else may clinch the nomination before summer. Landon himself was comparatively unknown not so many months ago, and it is conceivable that he or another might be publicized to the extent that the nomination would be virtually settled before the delegates ever convene.—^W. T. H.
MIRACLE WOMAN Louise Hanley actually has Jim Shoemaker studjnng this semester. I often wondered where he went every night
AIN’T LO¥E GRAND? Bob Pugh and Bud Bryant soak ing up the wonders of nature with the Josselyn sisters — but who wants to soak up on nature?
Yale’s Old Lady In Brown “The Old Lady in Brown” has recently celebrated her one hundredth birthday. In her more formidable guise, as the Yale Literary Magazine she has perpetuated the traditions of the school since the date of her founding. And now, m honor of her hundred years, her editors have seen fit to publish the centennial issue of the “Lit”.
During the entire period since 1836 the form of the publication has reniained virtually unchanged. Only one innovation has been attempted; in 1982 the cover was changed from brown to blue. Such a storm of protest was evoked that the following year the “Lit” appeared in its traditional garb. In the course of a century there have been many rival publications the Yale campus. But n(^ matter how hopefully begun, they have all slipped into the limbo and the Yale “Lit” stands today as the oldest monthly magazine in America
In this centennial issue, alumni now important in the literary world and who were formerly editors or contributors to the publication, have contributed again, makmg a noteworthy issue Included among them are William Lyon Phelps, Sinclair Lewis, Archibald MacLeish, Stephen Vincent Benet, and Thornton Wilder.
I wonder if Jean Hanley is in love with all those guys? I know someone who would like to muscle in there
The contribution which appealed to us the most was “The Warship” by Thornton Wilder. He relates the pathetic story of a people shipwrecked off the coast of Australia After struggling for existence for some fifty years the group was reduced to a mere handful, about a dozen living m one group and the rest scattered over the confines of the island The chief, who especially sought release from the island, sighted a passing ship. Instead of hailing their one chance for escape, he allowed it to pass as the realization swept over him that his dying tribe could never cope with the problems of a changed civilization
WSGA Holds
Mass Meeting
PIrb Electi©iis For Next Wednesday
There were no additional nominations made for W. S G. A. offices for the coming school year at the mass meeting of that organization yesterday, since no petitions were handed in before Monday at 4 o’clock The mam purpose of the meeting, which was held in the faculty lounge, was to introduce the candidates. The nominees are Ruth Copeland and Jeannette Scudder for president, Margaret Jones and Mary Alice Learning for secretary. Fay Pendergrass and Virginia Slocum, treasurer. Dorothy Martenet and Elizabeth Ann Stewart, junior representative, and Mary Townsend and Mary Wein, sophomore representative All Co-ed Election The election of the new officers will take place in an all co-ed election next Wednesday in the entrance lobby of the Memorial Union Building Also at this time Y W C A and W A A, votes will be cast. Pictures of those girls running in the election will be posted at different places on the campus by the first of next week. Everyone was urged to vote because in previous years only about 60 per cent of the co-eds have participated in the elections. Additional business consisted m passing several proposed changes m the constitution. An announcement was made at the close of the meeting that tryouts for May Day dancing will be held in the Women’s Gymnasium tonight at 7 o’clock
There is no person who can give more sound advice on how to run a newspaper than the person who has never worked on one.
KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO
Co ed Day Every Thursday Phone 7727 662 Main St.
In Lafayette Dewenter handles The Oxford OEWENTGR’S 4l6 Main...Lafayette
The worth of this issue, standing as a milestone to the progress of the “Lit”, has been materially enhanced by the contributions of some of Yale’s illustrious alumni Of interest to readers was the striking contrast between the immaturity of the work of the younger authors and the seasoned smoothness of the nationally rec ognized writers —^H. L C.
Kenmeth Cameron, ’35, Named PWA Building Inspector Kenneth Cameron, C E ’36, has just been appointed resident inspector on a PWA building construction project at Rushville
BIST SE1.I.EB THE ARROW OXFORD SHIRT
College men like its easy style and durable quality. Presented in exclusive patterns —■ 5 collar styles. Sanforizedshrunk.
$2
ARROW Z‘tVeI
M. P. Jones, extension specialist in entomology of the U. S. department of agriculture, has been spending several days at the University conferring with Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, and G. E. Lehker, newly appointed extension specialist m entomology. In connection with his visit Jones discussed the organization of extension entomology in the United States, in an address before the entomology seminar on Tuesday evening.
WBAA
Today 11 00—Business and Professional Speech Prof Lull 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00— Carmita 12 15—Orval Wray s Orchestra 12 30—^Aces of Bhythm 12 46—^American Legion 1 00—Musical Memories 1 16—^Howard Keenan, pianist. 1 80—Treasure Chest 1 46—Final Markets 2 00—Home Economics Prof Wil loughby 2 16—^English Literature 2 80—Don Bowden tenor 2 46—W P A MusicaJe 8 00—Centennial Grade School
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts.
SOUTHWORTH’S
Today University Convocation, Irma Skaratma. Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Reception, Faculty Lounge, After Convocation, New Entomology Society, Ag Hall, room 13, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society Shops 7 p. m. A Ch S, Chem. Bldg., Room 106, B. L. Clarke, 7:30 p. m. Winter Course Society Meeting, Ag. Hall Assembly room. Senior Employment Lecture. Dr. Gilbreth, Fowler Hall, 4 p. m. Tomorrow Sophomore Cotillion, ballroom, 9-1, Ace Brigode’s orchestra. Skull and Crescent banquet, faculty lounge, 6:30. Agronomy Seminar, Room 201 Ag. Building, 4 p. m. G. P. Walker, “The Decatur Sugar Beet Experimental Field.” Saturday “Carmita”, Union show. Mars Theatre, 8 16. No Mixer
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Malm St.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Risk Dental Clinic
PAULA RISK ROBERT G RISK HAROLD J RISK LUTHER A RISK 400 Schultz Bldg Phone 6701 Corner 4th and Mam
ARC
LAST DAY
CHARLES FARRELL in
“Fighting Youth” and KEN MAYNARD
‘Western Courage’’
ADVENTURES OP REX AND RINTY"
Sweet Smokes Sweet] Stays Sweei
NOTiK ELSE IMS ITS FlJini
Ako ImpsHal YelSo Boh $f.5@
Annual ien^fitlSai!
Given by Sons of Union Veterans Sat., March 14—At Allen’s ORVAL WRAY 9-12 $1 Per Couple
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Family
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
— Plus — TAILSPIN TOMMY “THE GREAT AIR MYSTERY" LOONEY TUNE - NEWS
TODAY - FRIDAY
The CODE of the DZARKS
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
,ir©a<leasts in a Bedlam! J A radio riot that made the air hotter than her songs.
I v'I.HE stagep a rf EIWECT CWMSli
ye« his owm l eonseieiree betrayed him in j
spito oE his brilliaitse°
— Plus — CARTOON PARAMOUNT NEWSSpring Drill la Progress
^ackfield To Remain Intact; Heavy Loss In Forward Wall
Squad 2, Battery F-2 Wins Cun Contest Squad 2, Batterj^ t’-2 in charge
Facing another tough football campaign next season, Purdue’s coaching staff is attempting to make every minute of spring drill serve its full purpose. There was a record turnout of footballers this spring with 126 enthusiasts—large and small, light and heavy, showing up t9 fight for alma mater. Thirteen major lettermen from last fall’s squad including a host of outstanding linesmen, will be listed among the missing when the Boilermakers launch their 1936 campaign and reconstruction of the forward wall and development of reserve backfield strength provided the immediate problem for the
coaching staff. Loss Of Linemen
Coach Kizer seems to be building his hopes for a fast and heavy for ward wall about Captain George Bell. Around him, replacement must be made for such stalwart veterans as Frank “Butch” Loebs, Howard Guirl, and Colby Eeed, ei^s; Ted Fehring ,tackle; and Fred Voss, George Deimis, and Wayne Sandefur, guards. Because of this heavy loss of linemen, great responsibility will rest on the shoulders of last year’s reserves and the incoming sophomores. An encouraging thought for Boilermaker football fans is that the agile and rangy backfield that was rather hindered by injuries last season, will be back again intact. However, the lack of capable, proven reserves is apt to prove a real problem in view of the Boilermaker’s rigorous schedule. According to Coach Kizer, the squad will be kept on a strict diet of fundamentals for at least the first two weeks of spring drill.
of V. Farrow was thb winner of the millimeter combined) gun squad competition ending yesterday, the Universijby military department announced yesterday aft-
ernoon.
The wintjing squad scored 962 pqints out of a possible 1,000, to lead the eighth squad of Battery C-1 by 8 points. Third place was won by the second squad of Battery A-3, and the sixth squad of Battery H-2 and the fifth squad of Battery S-2 tied for fourth. Winners of the freshman competition which also closed yesterday are first, squad 2 of Battery F-1, and second, squad 4 of Battery D-1. Squad 6 of Battery H-2, Squad 2 of Battery B-2, and squad 6 of Battery S-2 capie in third, fourth, and fifth, respectively. >
4- -f -f -f BASKETBALL Today Court 1, Borchelt. ’ 7:00—Delta XJpsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega or Phi Delta Theta. 7:16—^Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi. Court 2, Hutt 7 ;00—Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi. 7:16—Ward 11-A vs. Ward 11-B.
Fencers To Enter Big Ten Tourney
Playshop Affords Opportunity For New Experiences
R. E. Wemyss To Sail With Family For South America Mr. and Mrs. Ray E. Wemyss, graduates of the Upaiversity, with their 18 months old son, Gordon, now residents in South Milwaukee, Wisconsin, will sail March 28 from New York City for Buenes Aires, Argentina, South America. Mr. Wemyss has been transferred from the main office of the Bucyrus-Erie Company to the sales office at Buenos Aires for a three year period. They will be on the boat eighteen days, stopping at Bermuda,
Rio de Janeiro, and Montevideo.
SCHIFF^S
Outlet Shoe Store 320 Main St.
By E. A. Dicus When the curtains part at the opening performance of any Playshop production, they mark the termination of approximately one thousand hours of constructive effort on the part of Playshop members. Fewl, persons who witness stage productions ever consider the tremendous amount of time and labor expended in the construction and preparation of even the simpl-
est sets.
Neither do they realize how many hours are spent in exhausting irehearsals, nor do they begin to imagine the extensive preparation necessary in the form of publicity, advertising, and business, before the show can be staged. It is not at all uncommon to find Playshop members hard at work, long after the rest of the world is sound asleep. Sometimes they pledge themselves to stay on the job, day and night, until it is finished, and it is a rare occurrence indeed to find these pledges broken. Many Sided Problem Every show presents a new and many sided problem. The routine application of previous experience does not suffice, but each show must be treated as an entirely new project, requiring new thought, and new methods of approach. Playshop’s r^ain reason for existence on the campus is that it fosters a tendency toward originality of thought and application. Naturally, most of its members are engineering students, and in Playshop they find a new experience in organization and management that is parallel to their University courses of study. Girls on the staff also find excellent opportunity to do work which is closely allied with their curricular activities. Playshop is the only active dramatic organization on the campus.
Saturday will mark the Big Ten conference fencing tournament when all members will send representatives to Chicago to compete in the foil, the sabre and the epee. Purdue’s representatives are respectively Jack Silverman, Jim Seaborg, and Jack Hannan, accompanied by Coach R. V. Finney. Today the varsity fencing team will meet in their gym to elect a new captain for the coming year and also to discuss entries in the freshman fencing tournament. This tourney, which is an annual event, promises some excellent competition if such talent as is shown in practice is used in the playoff. Winners in the tourney will
receive numerals.
4 4
44444444 GOLD AND BLACK 44444444
Today 4 o’clock Intramural Field
Pirathon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Budd referee.
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Mangas referee. Phi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Bartling referee.
University Archery Club Holds Novel Meet
BEAUTIFUL EVENING SANDALS
In High or Low Heels
$1.93
At the last meeting of the University Archery Club a target face ceremony and novelty balloon shoot was held. Those making the first bullseyes in the target face ceremony were Mary Louise Anderson, Nancy Creech, J. J. Delaplane, W. B. Agler, R. N. Gilbert, ^D. Parsons, J. A. Sells, and J. Frazier. In the novelty balloon shoot points were given to teams hitting the most balloons. High scores for this season were held by Mary Louise Anderson, R. N. Gilbert, and D.
Parsons.
CO-ED TELLS-^ (Continued from page 1) and spring vacation come around, all of the final exams are out Of the day and you can really enjoy your holidays. Then, too, the final e:!|:ams last only one hour instead of three hours, and more emphasis is laid on the monthly quizzes.” I took another sip pt my “coke”, “Are there any exemption
courses ?”
Exemption Courses “No, I don’t believe that there are any exemption courses offered at Washington—you see, they are starting a new plan of study, modeled somewhat ott the European plan, where you take certain hours of work without going to class— any help the student needs comes from the private consultations held weekly with the instructor. There are no required courses under this new plan and you ian take anything you like.” “I suppose you have quite a lot of spare time to devote to extracurricular activities?” I inquired. “Yes. Our foremost activity is the publication of the Washington Daily, our student newspaper. The subscription price is included in the tuition and copies are placed at prominent places on the campus every morning. The paper is under the supervision of Vernon McKenzie, head of the school of journalism, and author of the recent book. Behind the Headlines. We also have a school of drama and its consequent activity.”
Social Life
"How about the social life?” I
suggested.
“We have our weekly ‘mixers the same as Purdue, but the admission charge is only twenty-five cents. The men are allowed to stag at the dances. Cai^pus orchestras usually play for these mixers, although occasionally we have a nationally famous band. The Junior Prom last year was an informal affair and Anson Weeks’ orchestra played from 9 until 2 o’clock. After the dances most of the students drive down to Lake Washington at the east end of the campus and watch the moon set behind the Olympic mountains and the sun rise above the Cascade mountains. Modern Campus “Is the campus as large or as pretty as our campus?” I inquired.
“Oh, my, yes!” she atisweired. “The campus is about ten times the size of Purdue’s campus. AH bttt| three of our buildings are fourstory modem Tudor Gothic structures built of monotone brick; and the library is so big that when you get inside the reading room you are appalled at the immensity of the place. The ^fratemiiy and sorority houses are all of modem design and are, in my opinion, more beautiful than the ones here.” I glanced at ray watch. “Great Scott! It’s almost time for my three o’clock, I didn’t realize that the time had passed so quickly.” Hurriedly thanWng her for explaining the University of Washington campus to me, I left the Sweet
Shop.
Murln* qetdiiy ralievM eye* (rritated by umd* ing, tmoka, dtuf, wind, lo»it of fteep. it's sootfling, refreshing. Use it doity.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE
EXPONENT
and since its inauguration a few years ago, it is becoming more and more to occupy a definite and important place in campus activities.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
^or the Soptiomore Cotillion
The evening will not be complete without a corsage from
Clark
Floral Co. Phone 5432 527 Bflaln
She’ll Think Your Flowers Are Lovely
A shoulder bouquet or corsage for the Formal Dance will mean a great deal to her. And if it is our bouquet, she’ll know it will be as beautiful at the end of the dance as at the beginning because it is
properly made.
IlfIFlieF’s fl
Main at 7th
lower Shop Stop In or Phone Us
Phone 6060
o* 9Me»«9««e««9« o* o<*e**9» a* e* 6««e*»o**e**e**e«*a *e«
• ••in sciunre-toe and sc|yare->he@l you stand there coolly
You’re smart-ish and roguish, you scalawag y<iu...With deceptive decorum you’re cot-out and stitched, too At heart you’re a rover...for high jinks, for boldness and goshdarn tomfool’ry you’re wearable, lovable.^ . , . You’re grand “Mister Dooley"
In Rust Ruffle, Black Patent, Allover White Buck or White Buck contrasted with British Tan Calfskin.
332-4 Main St.
Lafayette Ind.
The ^^NORMANDIB
What Do You Want ...IN SHOES? Styles with personality that fit right into ' your ideals, that keep you always at your best with their good fitting comfort? Then your next pair should be *TEDWINS”, the fashion-right man’s shoe Built with a comfort foundation. We’re showing the new season’s models-now. B.&W.Slioe Co.
dvice to the Forlorn
Mr. Bloyer’s quite despondent, Melancholy, gloomy, Wne, life to Mm has lost attraction. Relish, beauty, bliss and hue. If he only knew the answer Why he’s spumed by Lady Fair. Readily she dines with Monty, Howard, Walter, Doug and Oar. Well, why not? They have directions To a restful atmosphere. In Chestnut Room they dine with pleasure; For good food, none can compare.
The Chestnut Room
Purdue Memorial Union
Comer qf the CampuSy Yet the Center of College Activities**
■4/
f
u.Classified Adsi
TYPEWiUTERS ADDING MACHINES—^Por sale, rent, t^paired and bought. Multigraph and xniine* ograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2719.
for the Sophomore Cotillioh
FOR SALE—Modern bungalow, five rooms, complete bath, pantry, breakfast nook, full basement, concrete porch across front, new garage, good garden, some fruit, flowers, shrubbery. Eeasonable down payment, terms. Possession April 1st. 227 S. Salisbury.
from
Room for Rent—Twin beds, board if desired. Close tp Campus. 346 Northwestern Ave.
^OTH,/i
oristf Inc,
Serving Purdue for 36 Years 635 Main St., Luna Theatre Bldg.
Phone 7935 .
.8050
L
Lost—K & E poliphase duplex slide I’ule. Call 3301. Reward.
Lost—^Black and white Cocker Spaniel. Phone 71612, or 2296. Rewai d.
H.1.&I1 1 IlfiMlMi
NOTICES No noUeea accepted after 8 p.
Condition Exam—An exam for the removal of conditions in chemistry 1 will be griven in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, M^ch 14, at 1 p. m. Application for permission to take this exam must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12 By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September —HASS, TEST.
Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p m , in room 101 Education Building Applications must be made on or before March 12. —^NELSON.
Removal of Condition Grade in M. T. 2— All students who received a C grade in M T 2 (gunnery) last year report to Capt Hayford at the Armory before noon March 21 and arrange for removal of the grade. —HAYFORD
Union Workers—Please meet in sub-base-ment at 4 Stallings, Marshall, Mueller, Evans, Wantland, Blank, Linville Vogl Chapin, Gibson, Pforsheimer, Ruth, Merlam. Favorite, Brattam, Hess and Roper —SHOEMAKER, QUIGGLE
Camera Club—No meeting this week —SCHOLER Union Band—Members will rehearse at 8 a, m today at Mars —JUMP
Art PietarM—lliosQ tures in the art exhibit please call tor them at the Union office at once —ANSPACH
W A A —Primary elections today at 6 in Women s Gym —DUNWOODY. Y. W C. A —Girls who wish to have cabinet positions should leave applications in Y W C A office on or before Mar 18 —GOBBLE
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—^Meet at 6 at the Acacia house today. —McConnell.
Women’s Open Swim—^No swim tonight. —ELLIb
University Choir—Compulsory reheaisal at 4 tomorrow —KIMMELL. W. A. A. Basketball—^Today at 4 Alpha Xi Delta vs Ward 2 in small gym Ward 4 vs Ward 3 in large gym. At 4 30 Ward 1 vs Chi Omega in large gym, W R H vs Alpha Chi Omega m small gym —GHARLEH Y. W. C. A. Art Group—^Meeting in the women’s lounge at 4 today. —BBNNEWITZ
Scrivener—Meeting tonight at 204 South 9th St Bring manuscripts —BLOCKER
Freshman Fencers—Tourney for numerals will start Monday All freshmen intending to enter must sign up ml the fencing room —SILVERMAN.
University To Offer Safety Instruction A ten-day intensive training course for first-aid instructors will be given on the campus, starting March 30, and continuing through April 10. It is sponsored by the University’s public safety institute and the American Red Cross. The purpose of the course is to train one or more individuals from each community in the state so that they will be qualified to teach firstaid in their respective communitTes. Enrollment, which is limited to forty students, can be made by letter on or before March 23. An enrollment fee of $5 00 must accompany each application.
Varsity Fencers—Election of next year’s captain will be held at 4 today in the fencing room. —SILVERMAN
Skull and Crescent—All members wishing to attend banquet tomorrow call Chapin at 2352 before 4 today —CRAIG
W. S. G. A —All May Day committee chairmen please meet in W S G A office at 4 today Very important —PETERSON
Co-eds—All out for May Day meet in Women’s Gym at 7 You will be dismissed m time to attend convo. —PETERSON
Fraternity Presidents—Get in touch with John Drake at the SAE house immediately concerning Prom booths —DRAKE
Union Workers—Meet in sub-basement at 4 today Conway, Putze, Simonton, Bills, Brown Cross, Schaffer, Craig Suarai, Everish —PUGH
Union Workers—^AU those connected with the Union Show, Carmita, be at Mars at 8 sharp —FULLER
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
BIG TRADE-IN ALLO WAN C E Easy Terms i
This new Baby Grand Philco offers you more enjoyable American and Foreign reception, finer tone and more worth-while features than any other radio at or near its price. Beautiful hand-rubbed Walnut Cabinet.
Tlie Foster Shop
Phone 4900
West Side Square
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a spedalty. F. JoSo Mwlhaopt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
LYLE E. FISHER Watclimaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post 0£Bce
Young enough to be Uieoretical; <dd enough to be practical. RICTAEB Jo BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werklioff Company Phone 3882
SENIORS! We make application pictures for $1.25 per dozen. Special price on lots of fifty or more. ReHibrandt Studio 105 Vin6 St* We Xiaf&ycittB
SL
"'service r^RINTING,^ Office Stall onery. D M Wedding Invitallont PHONE Books, Etc..., ^2 62 8 CASSEL'S doBreRRy '
if a Sandwicli a Drink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
a
f«i I,
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO-"IT’S TOASTED
il
Excess of Acidity ©f Other F©p©S€ir Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigcarettes
s Z i ■ * » «
o
in O A O 3 S 2 3
BALANCE
1 L U-C K Y
S T R 6 K E
Hi ! : !
1 BRAN
D
B
• •
1 BRAN
D
C
1 BRAN
D
D
PROPER AGING Tobacco in its natural state is harsh and strong. Though “cured” by the grower before sale, it is nnsuited for use without further aging. During this aging period (which ranges in the case of Lucky Strike from 1 % to 3 years) important changes occur. These “Nature” changes result in the partial “smoothing out” of the original harsh qualities of the leaf. Our process of manufacture carries these improvements many steps further—as every Lucky Strike Cigarette exemplifies; A Light Smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco.
immm Am mm Atm\' i*y toieky Wk-e frciip 53-% ^RESULTS VERIFIED BY INDEPENDENT CHEMICAI, LABORATORIES AND RESEARCH GROUPS
"IT’S TOASTED"-Your throat protection -against irritation-against cough
Oopyrisbt 1986, The AmerlOEm Tobacco Company
Exponent Advertisers are Reliable Local Merchants