" >(v i \
t ^ I
I V
Una Nefwiqpaper b Pubfishad Each Moraing But Mcmdoy By Studento Of Purdue UiUTenily
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY September 15,1938 Lafayefte, taSama
Vol.50
No. 3
Exponent Estimates 6,343 Students Registered During Three Day Session
Total Will Probably Pass Last Year’s Figure First semester registration ended last night at about 6:30 o’clock after three long and hectic days during which, by unofficial Exponent count, 6,343 persons were enrolled. Just as activities were about to wind up in the fast emptying Armory wind jerked sheets of rain swept in, spraying late registrees and workers, scattering more and more papers among the littered tables. Late in the afternoon as untaken assignment cards were collected and taken back to the registrar's office over 1,000 had not been called for. Of these 301 were freshman cards which will probably be used later. Expect Late Registrees Last year’s enrollment at this time was 6,935, and later climbed to well above the 6,000 mark. This year several hundred more are expected to register late. Activity last night in the Executive Building resembled registration rush as workers hustled to get class cards and financial records ready for this morning’s first class periods. Passport photos were being clipped, attached to ticket books, fee slips were being tabulated, cash was counted, and a myriad of other duties kept men and women workers burning the midnight oil. State Votes $50,0i). For Road Research In order to reduce the $300,000,000 spent annually in repairing the highways in the United States, the Indiana Legislature has appropriated $50,000 to the Indiana State Highway Department and Purdue University to use in research of different kinds of road building material. The work is expected to save money for all of the states by correcting some of the methods of road building which have not changed much in the last 25 years. i Dr. K. W. Hatt, an authority on materials, with the aid of a University advisory committee will construct a quarter mile outdoor track which will be divided into plots containing different materials so that reconstruction materials can be tested under like conditions. A number of different laboratory experiments will be carried on using such things as half a dozen “minitracks,” refrigerator roopis containing loaves of material slowly being frozen and thawed out, aging of various materials, shaking stones around to see how long they will retain their bitumens coating, and a number of other things. “A critical condition,” said Thomas H. McDonald, of the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads, “has been reached in a number of states in Highway affairs. A state has been reached, or is rapidly being approached, where the very large maintenance costs, obligation on past indebtedness and other demands are absorbing almost the entire income, leaving no balance for reconstruction or new construction.’^ Schedule Of Dances To Be Made Tomorrow Schedule of the dances to be held in the Memorial Union, ballroom during the coming year will be arranged tomorrow at a meeting under the direction of Gordon Matthews, president of the student union, to be held in room P at 4 o’clock tomorrow. “It is very important that every organization which plans to use the ballroom this year have a representarive at this meeting in order that they may make known their preference of dates,” stated Matthews.
Book Exchange Heads Issue Plea For Texts; Technical Preferred Book Exchange sales ran close on the heels of book values received yesterday as the student organization ended the second day of sales. Nearly all books have been sold, and Exchange officials issued a plea for students to bring in more books. Sale of technical books can almost be guaranteed, while many nontechnical books are also in demand. Over 1,600 books have been taken in, of which $2,233 worth have been sold. Just over a thousand dollars has been paid out to students. These figures approximate the record of last year’s Exchange for the whole week and a half of duration. Sales totaling $1,386 were transacted during the first half day of book selling Tuesday while the scarcity of books since then has caused sales to slow down considerably.
Debris Sales Tap Last Yearns Mark In Advanced Sales Sales for the 1939 Debris topped the 400 mark yesterday at the close of the third day of fall registration in the Armory. Only a short time remains before the yearbook’s price will be advanced, accordiftg to an announcement last night by Business Manager Boyette Edwards. Policy and composition of the book was discussed at a recent meeting of the editorial board. Sophomores interested in a job on the business staff are invited to attend an organization meeting today, in the Debris office in the Union at 4 p. m. Students Wed Ruth E. Crone, a junior in the home economics school last year and a member of Alpha Xi Delta sorority, was married to M. L. Swinehart, Tau Kappa Epsilon, on August 26. Mr. Swinehart will resume his studies in mechanical engineering this semester.
University Board Of Directors To Meet September 24 Preceding the first football game of the season, Purdue versus Detroit in Ross-Ade Stadium, the University’s board of directors will meet with the officers of the University Alumni Association at 10 o’clock Saturday, September 24. According to the announcement by E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, the get-together will take place in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Guest List Guests at the luncheon meeting will include Professor F. C. Hockema. Dean A. A. Potter, Controller R. B. Stewart, Publicity Director' T. R. Johnson, Acting^thletic Director R. C. Woodworrfi. On the roster of officers of the University Alumni Association is President Burr Swezey, of Lafayette; Treasurer H. J. Reed, of West Lafayette; and Recording Secretary W. H. Robbins, Lafayette.
J. M. Rudolph^ ChE '39^ To Command ROTC Unit University Corps Offkials Reiease Appointments Of Six Cadet Coionets, 14 Lt. Colonels, 16 Majors
Slate Employmeiit Eleven Hundred Sfudenb Cast Ballob Service Seb Up |g Eledions At Registration
Lafayette Office Indiana State Employment Service in conjunction with the University, announced that a special department would be set up in the Employment service office at 312 North Fourth street in order to centralize and develop the parttime job field for University stu-
dents.
“The new department will operate as a central clearing house at which all employers who want student workers may call and students (both men and women) who want part time jobs may apply,” stated Robert L. Thomas, Employment Service District Manager. Service All The Time It is expected that this centralization of calls for student employment will benefit both the students and the employers. Students will have the benefits of the full time service of the employment service and consequently a greater number of jobs will be available. Employers will also benefit since they will be able to secure almost immediate response to requests for
help.
All University students who are interested in any kind of part time work are urged tp report to the office of the Dean of Men or the Dean of Women immediately. No student will be registered at the Employment Service office without an introduction card from the office of the Dean. Cupid Goes To Town As Recent Announcements Reveal More Marriages Wedding bells are still ringing for Purdue students. Four more marriages have been announced this week. Parlon-Mueller Alice Parlon, Kappa Alpha Theta, ’38, was married to Paul Henry Mueller, Phi Gamma Delta, ’36, yesterday afternoon in St. Mary’s church, Lafayette. Barnes-W oltman Bernadine Barnes, Pi Beta Phi, ex. ’40, and Clem J. Woltman, a tackle twin of ’38 and recent addition to the Philad)elij|hila Eagles, were married at St. Boniface church Lafayette, early in September. Marshall-Emat Aline Marshall, Pi Beta Phi, ’37, and John M. Ernst, Sigma Phi Epsilon, exchanged vows on September 10. Jane Lommell, sorority sister of the bride, was an attendant.
Senior Women Alter Insignia To Jerkins Senior women voted yesterday afternoon at a meeting in the women’s lounge to change the senior women’s insignia from cord skirts to yellow cord jerkins with belts across the back. Co-eds wishing to purchase a jerkin must be measured between now and Saturday noon at Gullion’s clothing shop on State street and should place the orders there. At the meeting called by the com- , mittee formerly selected to decide the question the alternatives of a jerkin and skirt were suggested. The assembled group voted to discard the skirt. Announces Committees Georgiana Pittman, chairman of the committee, announced the following committees for the year: Emblem committee chairman is Pauline George with a committee of Betty Hegele, Wilma Eviston, Louise Harry, and Edith Herman. Martha Norman, Betty Soehner, Jean Bailey, and Edna Schwab are on the senior day committee headed by Virginia Kungle. The committee in charge of the senior banquet planned for next month is led by Margaret Johnson, chairman, Fanny Merritt, Martha Smith, Svelyn Smith, and Silvia Zussin. Frances Eastburn is chairman of the projects committee of Martha Ann Avery, Virginia Beehler, Pearl Jackson, Juanita Julian, and Sara Alice McIntosh. Chairmanless, the Senior Snooper committee is composed of Eleanor Benton, Nina DeWitt, Martha Reed, and Mary Townsend.
HE Junior Candidates Deadlocked In Tie Vote Eleven hundred sophomores, juniors, and seniors voted in the current Student Senate elections which have been in progress for the last three days at registration. Ballots were cast for the 72 candidates at a table located at the south entrance to the Armory. In the voting to reduce the 72 candidates to 23 actual Senators, one tie vote resulted. L. Daniel and M. Mitchell, HE juniors, emerged from the balloting locked in a tie vote. Another election will be held at a future date to determine wliich of the girls will represent the fiome economics juniors in the Semite. Repre^tid itives in the Senate for the corn'll^: semester, selected in the last three days’ balloting are as follows: Agriculture—Sophomore, J. A. Stewart; junior, D. Paarlberg; senior, D. D. Shinbeckler. Home Economics—Sophomore, P. Zwierlein; junior, L. Daniel and M. Mitchell, tie; senior, M. Johnson. Science—Sophomore, R. J. Ogden; junior, M. S. Estey; senior, M. Baker. Electrical Engineering—Sophomore, J. W. Wise (unopposed); junior, R. Obenchain; senior, L. F. McNeill. Civil Engineering — Sophomore, L. B. McCammon (unopposed); junior, R. L. Reiley; senior, G. W. Shartzer. Mechanical Engineering—Sophomore, R. A. Dilts; junioi*, W. A. Hart; senior, J. D. Baker (unopposed). Chemical Engineering — Sophomore, J. C. VanHorn; junior, H. Pishburn; senior, B. D. Witwer. Public Service Engineering, Physical Education, Pharmacy, and Engineering Law—H. F. Layson and J. Swander.
Pi Kappa Phi Wins Scholastic Prize For Second Time Munro trophy for scholarship was won for the second consecutive time by the Pi Kappa Phi social fraternity. Professor George W. Munro, who is more commonly known as Uncle Mun by both faculty and students and is a professor in the mechanical engineering school, established the plaque trophy in 1929. The present trophy is the second and was started in 1933, the first being won by Delta Alpha Phi. The plaque, which may be held for one year only until it is won three times by one fraternity, was won by a team year average of 5.61. Any social fraternity, excluding honorary societies and fraternities, automatically enters its five highest men as a scholarship teahi. That Man Munro Members of the Pi Kappa winning team include the two highest scholastically rated men in the University for the year of 1937-38. They are Robert F. Munro 6.50, Lafayette and William E. Catterall 6.34, Whiting. Other members of the team include Jack G. Broberg, Jack S. Brown, and Fred W. Winter, all of whom are from Chicago,
111.
Two teams have succeeded in winning the present Munro trophy twice. Phi Kappa Psi fraternity won the trophy in 1933-34 and the Pi Kappa Phi won it in 1937-38. The coming year may determine the permanent ownership of the trophy if one of these two teams should win it for the third time. Taking second place was Acacia fraternity followed by Phi Gamma Delta, Alpha Chi Rho, and-Delta Upsilon fraternities in that order.' The plaque is presented annually by President Elliott in his office. Students Invited To Dinner At St. John's Tomorrow Freshmen will be the dinner guests of St. John’s Episcopal Church tomorrow at 6 p. m. Rev. Reese F. Thornton, rector, is inviting all freshmen, upperclassmen, and faculty members to attend the dinner. Upperclassmen and faculty members will be charged 25 cents for the dinner and should phone 45162 to make reservation. Reservations should be in by Friday noon. Benny Burns and Russ Mock will furnish the entertainment. Dinner and entertainment will be completed soon enough to allow those desiring to attend the mixer plenty of time. The Weather Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudines, with slightly cooler in the east portion. Friday, fair
and warmer.
J. M. Rudolph, ChE ’39 and member of the Pr Kappa Alpha social fraternity, has been named senior cadet colonel in command of the University’s Reserve Officers Training Corps for the coming year. Rudolph, highest ranking of this semester’s six cadet colonels, will have charge of the corps and will directly command the second brigade. He is a member oi Phi Lambda Upsilon, Tau Beta Pi, and Catalyst. R. R. Hannas, Sc ’39, was the cadet colonel named second in command and will have charge of the first brigade. The Big Six Rudolph, Hannas, R. C. Zimmer, L. L. Treece, L. E. Keck, and R. K. Hirchert received the ranking of cadet' colonel. These six men had the highest ranking in the competitive ratings, iiicluding summeiNwork at Fort Knox, and will have the Mgh (Continued on page 5) Bi-Monthly Union PIA Tea Dances Planned For'38-'39 Inagurating a series of bi-month-ly Saturday afternoon mixers in the Union ballroom, the first PIA tea dance of the year will be held in about two weeks. Sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association, the tea dances proved popular last year. Music will again be furnished by the PIA dance orchestra, and admission will be by membership cards only. Tag dances have always been featured and co-eds are especially encouraged to attend. The annual fall dance is scheduled for the first part of October, the exact date as yet not having been set. The Christmas dance and spring formal complete the dance program for the year. Activities Charts Personnel record charts have been prepared by the association and all members who signed up at the Armory during registration are urged to report at the PIA office in the Union and fill out their record chart The primary purpose of these records is to aid students in choosing activities and participating in sports. Fire insurance coverage for personal property of students to the extent o£»$200 will again be offered. Subscriptions may be obtained at the PIA office. The policy covers clothing, books, and all other personal belongings, and^the fefs is but 76c for the school year. Newman Club Will Hold Party For New Students Newman Club, the Catholic students organization, will give a reception for all new Catholic students at St. Mary’s Church HaU tomorrow at 8 p. m. Dancing on the roof, cards, and bingo, followed by refreshments will occupy the eve-
ning.
^Room For Rent ’ Hall Becomes Skull Landladies Cry CreSCeut PreXV Glen Goff And Band Will Swing Out
For Session Before Mixer Saturday
Rooms to rent is the unusual cry on the campus this year, according to Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. Although there will be approximately 300 more students registered this year, two new Cary Halls and a new annex coupled with a local building boom during the summer have left an unusually large number of rooms vacant this fall. The freshman registrations will be approximately the same this year, reports Dean Fisher, the increase resulting from transfers and upper-
classmen.
Harvey Ray Hall, Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, is the new president of Skull and Crescent, national sophomore honorary fraternity. Official notice has been received that James A. Black, who was elected president last spring, will not return to Purdue this year. Hall was elected vicepresident during the same election and advanced to the presidency au-
tomatically.
A new vice-president will be elected in an early meeting of the Skull ' and Crescent members.
Swing session number one of the school year will take off this Saturday with Glen Goff and his campus band jamming it. The swing session, which will precede the Saturday night mixer, will last from 7:16 to 8:00 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Glen Goff’s band, which last year was led by Pat Clinton, has played at Purdue mixers, Indiana, South Bend, and Illinois during last sea-
son. Betty McQuisten, Vem Breitwieser, and Jack Silver are the three-star vocalists singing the newest popular pieces. Original arrangements of the standard popular swing songs by Bob Reed, truckiiig Sax player, and Glen Goff will be feattcred during the evening. The sessicmia free, and everyone is welcome to attendW%'V^
‘ >£
£djihafdat
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
J^uduhaiL
IliuxBdoy, September 15, 1938
Good Students,.. .. . receive Exponent publicity in today’s paper as a result of action taken, by the faculty executive committee last April. These students are being officially recognized as having good standing with the University and as being well up in their work and on the road to punctual graduation. To be eligible for this list of 1,080 names students had to be among the sophomores and juniors who have made their quota of B hours (22^2 for sophomores and 45 for juniors) and who have no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades. Registrar Stone’s office compiled the list and University of:^icials arranged for its publication. Benefit from this action is twofold. First, the students named in the list are rewarded for their scholastic efforts by seeing their name in print, where they and their fellows can get visual assurance of their good standing. Second, those whose names do not appear will realize they are behind. Many students seem satisfied with making P grades in their first two years because there seems to be plenty of time left for amassing the allimportant B hours. Actually, however, the last two years offer no better opportunity for B’s than the first two. Far too many students look back on their four year record and find plenty of passing grades but the diploma still far away. Many of these students really don’t know they are getting behind. The importance of the B hour rule doesn’t strike home until near the senior year. Publication of these names should act as a sort of gentle prod to this sort of student. Those sophomores and juniors who find their names have not been published need not feel as if graduation is impossible or that their scholastic careers have been failures—^they had simply better take stock of their shortcomings, plan a “graduation or bust” campaign, and give that extra push which earns those hours of B or better.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regrular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. - L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. H. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves liocal Advertising Manager _E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager - W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director...- D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 5038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
A Handsomer Race... ... of eds and co-eds are attending Purdue this year. Last night we were surprised to see that all of the hundreds of passport photos taken during registration looked human. The secret is that the picture takers substituted a bright background for last year’s blackout, and made the face size of each photo over twice as large. The pictures are sharp-focused and highly recognizable. And no one broke the camera.
, Registering Freshmen Tell Troubles To Expo Reporter
By Morgan L. Miers “I went all the way through registration, and I still don’t know what classes I am in!” reported one freshman in a rather disgusted tone of voice. “I can’t figmre out if I am supposed to be in English A, 1, or 32. I used to be good in English in high school, but I was scared when I wrote that theme that I probably forgot to cross my t’s or dot my i’s.” “It was the longest, hottest, most tangled up mess I ever saw,” replied another freshman when questioned on how she got through registration. “And it took me three solid hours, can you imagine that? I heard of a fellow who got through in 40 minutes, but he had a couple of upperclassmen helping him, and I don’t think that is fair. “Some of those women don’t know what they are talking about: one of them told me to go down two tables and see the instructor there and after I had stood in line for almost
an hour to get to see her she told me that it wasn’t she that I wanted to see, but it was the next table. I was ready to go home right then.” Sign Name Too Often “The big objection I have to registration is that you have to sign your name about 50 times, and when you have a last name that has 16 letters
in it, it seems as though you had almost written a book by the time you finish,” added another member of the class of ’42. “I don’t think I am going to like this military stuff,” said a freshman as he left the Armory. “They sure are rough, and this suit is going to be awfully hot too, I think.” The health department reports students this year have everything including bad ears, astigmatism, flat feet, high blood pressure, stiff joints, and what have you (Or do you suppose these could be excuses to get out of military ?).
Spinach
By Betty Wickard Yin or Yang, which are you? No, we’re not accusing jrou of being Chinese, but only of being interested in playing up your type through your clothes. According to a course taught at Columbia University, most women may be classified into these two sweeping divisions, although some may play either roJe successfully, and are really in-betweens. Yang expresses strength, sophistication, poise, and dignity. Typically yang individuals are tall, and forceful, and are brunette with long, straight hair, a long face, brown eyes, and a straight mouth. The Duchess of Windsor and Dolores Del Rio are high style yangs. Low style yangs are more conservative or dignified, and less pretentious and striking. If you’re of the yang school you probably prefer luxurious fabrics, such as lames and taffetas for evening, and bright coarse-textured tweeds for daytime occasions. Tailored cuts, angular and vertical lines bright or deep rich colors are for you. The active yang uses strong contrast, bright colors and large patterns, while the quiet, dignified yang prefers rich fabrics, long folds and deep colors. Yin expresses delicacy, youthfulness, gentleness, and mildness; individuals often are small, fragile, and have blonde, curly hair, a roimd face, and blue eyes. Joan Bennett and Gloria Stuart are well known yins. Clothing for the yin emphasizes fine texture, light tints, curving lines, ruffles, gathers and tucks. Garb for the active yin must have some contrasting note such as ruffles, bows, organdie and luster, but the quiet, demure yin likes chiffons, gathers, and closely related hues. Have you ever seen a delicate, feminine looking woman wearing a daring hat with a swooping brim or feather—or a dasking careerist appearing dowdy in a fussy toque complete with flowers and veil? Then you know what we mean by saying “play up your type!” Many classifications of different temperaments have been attempted but most of us will find that we fit into one of these two groups.
Fine clock, watch, and jewelry repair. LODDE JEWELRY STORE 419 Main St. Since 1884
Advertisement No. 9
mmi SIAIIOHEIIY Will announce the Fall's smartest weddings. For smart brides everywhere are delighted to buy Wedding Announcements and Invitations so traditionally correct . . . so beautifully styled ... so reasonably priced! 25 INVITATIONS OR ANNOUNCEMENTS
$3
Including Inside and Outside Envelopes, Folding, Tissuing and Inserting. ADDITIONAL COPIES 5c EACH ♦Registered U. S. Pat. Office HAYWOOD'S
Retail Dept.
5th & Ferry Sts.
SAVE10 to 25 Percent Off on your approved DRAWING INSTRUMENTS and DRAWING SUPPLIES ' See us before you buy. PURDUE VARIETY STORE tf In the Village
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklity
k J I
“You call this a bargain ? Why it ain’t worth a cent more than it’s marked!”
ALLEN*:. m n^Mci m€k LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS MONDAY, SEPT. 19, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT. 23, 7:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY. OCT. 1st PHONE 2150
re
A Bausch & Lomb Lenso Meter is part of our equipment to check the prescription if ou break a lens. Bring in the pieces and service will
quickly availably.
Hr. A. E11Z9 Jr.
OPTOMETRIST 607 Main Street
Get Into the Swing of Things
We can't help you with your studies, feiit we can help you to be properly dressed at prices you wish to pay. 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC,Thursday, September 15, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
qoUegiate
rw
Big oaks from tiny acorns grow and even fraternities have humble beginnings. Back in 1870 Regent Gregory of Illinois had something to say “—in regard to a secret society^ whose existence in the university has become known and has caused unwonted disturbance and strife. The students have been
LUNA Today - Fri. - Sat. 2 FIRST RUN HITS TRIPLE-ACTION THRILLS
warned against these pests of our American colleges . . . but some young men organized secretly a chapter of one of the secret societies.” Delta Tau Delta is considered as the first house established on the campus.. However, a letter to the Daily Illini informed the editor that there had been a secret society in the old dormitory. Said the writer, ‘*I don’t know whether the faculty ever found it out or not but it was there. It was Phi Kappa Psi and’ always obtained its recruits from the freshmen. The institution fee was 26 cents which was always spent for peanuts.” Now at Illinois 1200 men and 600 women are making the rounds
3 More Days*—
WHHBAffl
with TYRONE ALICE DON POWER-FHE-AMEGHE and ETHEL MERMAN • JACK HALEY
of the houses of these “pests of American colleges.”
Recommendations for freshwomen of St. Mary’s: You’ll need: A sense of humor. A new one would be nice especially if your old one is frayed at the edges. The old one would be wonderful to leave with your parents. They may need it when they receive your grades. Kleenex. It takes the place of hankies and is very decorative blowing about on^he campus especially if you choose the pastel* shades. Safety Pins. There are still those souls who cling to the old superstition that hems should be sewn in skirts and buttons alone used for fasteners. We’re not debunking this theory but a large package of safety pins gives one such a comfortable feeling. ■ , Animals. Big or little, cuddly or sturdy. No zoo, or college girl’s
Today - Fri i - Sat. Double Feature
. LEWIS STONE . Barbara Reed - Tom Brown
PLUS
A girl without a chance — at the mercy of men without hearts! “Woman Against the World” with Ralph Forbes Alice Moore
I ^
i ■ t
By Betty
Hi, there, freshmen, and you upperclass smarties too! Now that registration nightmares are safely behind us, thank goodness, let's throw the algebra into the comer one of these afternoons and treat ourselves to a couple hours around the shops. Old Shopscout has been tearing around hither and yon, all for you, my dears, so just rest the orbs on some of the delicious ways we've discovered to spend that check!
has a white one, but us, we prefer that lovely candy-pink shade! The HOBBY SHOP is on the second floor at 626 Columbia street.and you can't miss it 'cause it's right across from the Chevrolet Company.
Dance, date, new dress, but wait!'What to do with the locks? That's easy — just hie yourself down to the KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO, 662 Main street (across from the Main theater) and entrust your curls to the capable hands of Mrs. Kienly, Lucille, 'Mildred or Sue. And that's not all, my lambs, for on Thursday, and Fridays we co-eds get a scalp-tingling shampoo, and a fingerwave that'll put your home-town hairdresses to shame!——all for the sum of 50c (5 dimes). Better call to make an appointment now—the number is 7727 and there's free parking space in the rear.
Whoops, my dear! Have you seen the new Louise Mulligan junior models __at ADLER'S? Well, then you 9-1 7 sizes really haven't lived yet, until you've fallen for "Baby Talk", date-de-signed in costume velvet with a lacetrimmed square iii' neck and velvet bows! And then there's "Couldn't Be Cuter" in bright sheer wool, designed to flatter the "figger"! Don't forget the snazzy formals, too, and don't forget ADLER'S between Fourth and Fifth on Main!
Click, Click, go the knitting needles down at the HOBBY SHOP and don't forget, peek in to view the lovelies that they are I purling out of an-gora—-the fuzziest of angora mitts to I keep our paws warm, come the new crop of formals, and just look at the evening sweaters! Our roommate
Need a new hat to go with a certain outfit? Well, just trot down _t9_ EATON'S, 529 Main street — next door to Kienly's drug store, and feast your eyes on their super-thrill-ing collection of Dobbs hats. Dobbs' "Margot", a breton in glowing fur felt with a tiny alpine brush is rhy favorite, but ou'll find many other styles, and a line of inexpensive rollers and tyroleans, too. Miss Eaton is returning tomorrow from a buying trip to Chicago so hurry down, if you want to get the pick of the lot!
around looking like a poor relation with your heels all run over, when for a jiff,, and a quarter, SWANK'S can fix 'em up like new. Better run down this afternoon —*• they are four _ doors down Main street from the railroad track and what they can't do in the way of dyeing your evening slippers and blocking your chapeaux is nobody's business! My roommate thinks my old brown oxfords dyed black are new!
Um, yum, have you seen the crop of bright wool frocks down at THE THREE SISTERS, corner of Fourth and Main? Our roommate got a cherry colored lovely for $2.99 - really! But us, we like those smooth gray jacket frocks trimmed with astrakhan fabric. And while you're there don't forget to look oyer the formals -—^prices run up to $12.95— that a lot of yumph for a,little money! /
Ankle sox . or silk hose, that is the question! $0 why not compromise and get a pair of
both, down
room is complete without one—-or a dozen.
Eight thousand miles on ^ his thumb is the unofficial hitch-hiking record of Ed Bushman, Illinois junior, for the summer. At a total cost of $23, Ed thumbed his way through 23 states, three provinces of Canada, and Mexico. Carrying a 36 lb. suitcase and wearing one pair of shoes on the entire journey, Ed got hitches from three to 1,000 miles, and rarely had to walk more than one mile between rides. See America first! And at that, not a bad way to spend the summer.
Gleanings from the Daily Californian: UCLA has an intramural hardball league called the P-nut league. College spirit may or may not be fostered by the yell-leading class open to all students. A plague of crickets, caused by warm weather, has invaded the university buildings and local restaurants. Timid girls remain indoors and pray for the cold weather which will remove the pests.
The University of West Virginia Glee Club produced Shakespeare’s “Romeo and Juliet” with men in all roles. Connecticut State College co-eds successfully protested the imposing of five cent fines for holes made in walls of their dormitory rooms.
AIR-CONDITIONED
By Betty Wickard “Alexander’s Ragtime .-Band,” a musical saga, based on Irving Berlin’s song record, is still packing them in down at the Lafayette, corner of 6th and Main streets, and will continue to be shown until Sunday. Fans' of Jane Withers will like her newest picture, “Keep Smiling,” now being shown at the Mars theater" on 6th street between Main and Columbia. Jane takes the part of the orphan niece of down-and-out movie director Henry Wilcoxon, while Gloria Stuart supplies the romantic interest as Wilcoxon’s secretary. High spot of the picture is Jane’s impersonation of half a . dozen movie stars as part of her scheme to reinstate her uncle. The Jones family is back again in “Borrowing Trouble” at the New *Main theater. Main street between 6th and 7th streets. Jed Prouty and Shirley Deane provide the laughter •'and pathos in this human interest story to be shown Thursday through Saturday. “Who Killed. Gale Preston” with Don Terry and Rita Hayworth will share the double feature bill. ' “Speed to Burn,” a drama of the race track, starring Michael Whalen and Lyn Bari, will occupy the screen of the Luna theater, on Main street , between 6th and 7th. Other half of the double feature bill, to
9 •
Scriveners MmI To Plan Activifies • Scrivener Club, campus literary organization, meets this evening at the home of Dorothy Justin, president, at 125 W. Lutz, to plan the year’s activities. A freshman essay contest similar to that of last year is planned for first semester, winning entries to be published in the first regular issue of Scrivener Magazine. Regular meetings will be held again this year at which club members will read original manuscripts. According to Jary Cleveland, Scrivener editor, four issues of the magazine will be published this year. The first of these, a special issue carrying the winning manuscripts of the all-campus literary contest, is being distributed as the club makes its subscription drive.
A contest is being conducted on the campus of the University of New Mexico campus to find the male student with the ugliest legs.
run today through Saturday, will be a western, “Range Defenders,” featming Bob Livingston, Ray Corrigan, and Max Terhune. Down at the Arc, 5th street between Main and Columbia, “Outlaws of the Prairie,” with Charles Starrett will be teamed on the screen with “Adventure’s End’’ a sea picture featuring John Way^e. The bill will run through Saturday.
Today - Friday - Saturday
.JOHM^WAYN ^ '
MAnn today - FRI.
5^^
and
K£fPSM/lMG Keep smiling?... You'll keep laughing ... and marveling .. . and living every exciting moment of this great human story ... with all these favorites of yours: llYWILWOl^GLORIiSTUM HELEN WESTLEY • JED PROUTY DOUGLAS FOWLEY * ROBERT ALLEN
also “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN’* No. 3
This is a Movie Quiz $250,000.00 Contest Picture
/
Yes'm we know how busy you are, but that's no excuse to go
at the NEUMODE hosiery store, west of the courthouse on Third street? They have the fuzziest and WQoliest of anklets with the lastex tops, too —and you know what that does for the ankles! And shhh! Here's a secret! After you buy 12 pairs of hose here that'll give you another pair free! How's that for
a bargaini
Our Student Special Desk For September Only The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak. , MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Student*s Desk in the world
PRICE ? 2 9*00 Free Delivery Anywhere
FREE A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter given FREFwith each desk.
Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 110 pounds Three Large Drawers, ll */2241/4x22 in. and One Large Center Drawer The Writing Bed is 5-Ply 1 Inch Thick Add $1.00 for Walnut or Mahogany ALL DESKS have center drawer tvith lock HAYWOOD’S Retail Department Established 1826 Fifth and Ferry Sts.!
Duane Purvis Joins Grid Coaching Staff Three former Boilermaker football stars have l^en added to the Purdue coaching staff for the current football season, according to Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director, yesterday. Don Powell, versatile wingman on list year’s varsity squad, has been added to the varsity staff as an assistant coach and will devote his main attention to end play. Jim Zachary, Powell’s running mate last year, has been signed as assistant freshman football coach. Another notable addition to the Boilermaker staff is Duane Purvis, All-American halfback in 1932, who will serve as assistant freshman mentor. Purvis, one of the greatest halfbacks in Purdue’s history, is taking graduate work at the University in connection with his coaching duties, while Zachary and Powell also are continuing their studies.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursdayi September 15, 1938
Dr. Wallers Will Address Members Of Cary Club At Fowler Hall Tonight Dr. J. E. Walters, personnel director, will be the main speaker at a mass meeting of the members of Cary Club in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 7:15. Dr. Walters will address the 635 members with a 30 minute talk on “Student Activities.” Charles Dixon, president of the club, will act as master of ceremonies, and after a short talk, will introduce the four vice-presidents to the new members. Each of the vice-presidents will give a short talk, touching on activities, study, athletics, and social activities. After adjournment in Fowler Hall, the members will return to their respective halls, where the freshmen will be given their pins after a short ceremony. Refreshments will conclude the evening’s activities.
and ^Jdev* By Georgann Schilling
Among the new transfer students this year is Ddrothy Andrews, an attractive town gill who has studied for the past two years at Sarah Lawrence college in New York. Dorothy will be a sophomore here this year.
A group of paintings recently purchased by the University is on
display in the regular showcases on the first floor of the Library. They are all of a well known Swedish artist and are worth inspection. The 1938-39 Purdue co-eds seem to have taken to the fashionable up•vVard trend in hair styles this fall. A number of the girls including ginia Royce, Margaret MacBride, Georgianna Pittman, and Peg Shanley wore their curls aloft at registration. —0— Margaret Nelson is among the former students who is returning to school this fall after a year’s absence. Margaret, who lives in Anderson, is a member of Kappa Alpha
Theta and will be a junior pharmacy student. Dave Deets, who spent part of last year at Indiana, was also seen registering. Returning to Purdue after a year at Skidmore College is Dotty Miller,* a Chi Omega and former WRH resident.
With rush the happening of most importance on the campus, the rush chairmen of the various sororities appear as leading figures. The girls are Jane Fleig of Alpha Chi Omega, Virginia Beck for^ Alpha Xi Delta, Helen McQueen of Kappa Kappa
Gamma, Mary Lou Swaney of Phi Mu, Beth McCool of Chi Omega, and Betty Elstun of Kappa Alpha Theta, and Ella Lou Sexson of Nfi Beta Phi. A number of you freshmen girls will be seeing plenty of these rush captains in about two weeks. —0— We’ll be around at the social swim this week-end to see what everyone is doing. In case you don’t have a date yet, the WSGA Date Bureau is still pleading for you not to be lonely, so sign up for the company of a Him or a Her.
UNIVERSITY CITY BEAUTY SALON ALL BRANCHES OF BEAUTY CULTURE Agnes Danford, Manager Lucille Voorhees, Operator
' (Advertisement No. 8) THE NEW SPEED-O-PRINT Greatest Value Ever Offered IN A FULL SIZE ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR Hand Feed
136 E. State St.
West Lafayette
Phone 2188
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST llQVz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto key? and handle locks a specialty. Bicycles repaired. F. JOS. MULHAUPT
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• jewelers
CLARK'S Floral Company Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue students. 527 Main • Phone 5432
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Dine
RUDY'S DINE DANCE Afternoon and Evening U. S 52 at Lindbergh Road
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Shop Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S BACK TO THE CRI^I looking grand!
We’ve timed your arrival on campus with everything that’s new in shirts. Stripes and checks you’ve never seen before—colors that are quiet—new collar models—all tailored with the Arrow touch — all streamlined Mitoga fit and Sanforized Shrunk. Auction off your die-hard Arrows and get a load of new ones. $2 to $5.
ARROtVSHIRU
LET’S GO! This is the time to get off to a big start . . . . Remember — a good start is essential to the success of any race. So here’s wishing you a "jumpa’head” in your school year. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Automatic Feed
$32-50 SAVE TIME and MONEY . . . . REPRODUCE YOUR OWN LETTERS — MENUS — OFFICE FORMS — CIRCULARS — BULLETINS —PRICE LISTS —FACTORY FORMS —CARTOONS — POSTAL CARDS — DUPLICATES. ALL FORMS —81/^ ' wide to 14 ' long. HAYWOOD’S Retail Dept. Established 1926 5th & Ferry Sts. Rooms for Students
Can Be Furnished Economically and Satis- "
factorily at
REIFERS
Just Look at These Prices!
Students Tables Unfinished top — rounded edges — 25x40 size — varnished base—one large size
drawer. $3.50
Inner-Spring
Mattress
Here’s inner spri^ comfort
Tjllit size— tick. Stu-
•w c
at small cost—STjfcft size—
blue and white dents Special.
$9.95
Students Chests Finished in walnut on hardwood — 3 drawers. 26 in. wide, 17 in, deep and 42 in. high. $7.95 100% Felt " Mattress Genuine felt filling is your assurance of a really comfortable bed—3 foot size— blue and white tick. $6.95
Smoker Stands Attractive metal smokers with odorless receptacle. Most every boy needs one.
$1.00
Bed Pillows Comfortable pillows filled with kapok — 21x27 size. Economically priced at
$1,00
Unfinished Book Slacks Has 4 shelves 7f4xl5 and stands 35 inches high. Handy for school books. $1.19 Double Deck Beds Metal—3 ft. size. Students Special. $6.75 Tubular Metal Frame. 3 ft, size only. $17.50
ESTABLISHED SINCE 1892
MAIN ST. AT NINTH Lafayette^s Largest Furniture StoreThursday, September 15, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
5 #
Varsity Football Squad Polishes Passing^ Kicking Team Strong In Running Attack; Lacks Aerial Strength; Intra-Squad Game Replaces Frosh Scrap Purdue’s varsity football squad spent its last session of double practice in a passing and kicking scrimmage. “Mai” Elward spent most of the afternoon in searching for a passer to replace “Ced” Isbell who did most of the passing during the last few years. Brock, Nesbitt, and Bylene showed up well during the scrimmage and apparently will do most of the passing during the coming season. , - ..i
The competition is strong for the two half-back positions with Brock and Nesbitt the two leading contenders. Giving them a close run for the positions are Bylene, Tycocki, and Brown. Mann Looks Good Mann, one of the competitors for the end positions which were left open by the loss of Zachery and Powell, last year’s regulars’, showed up well in defensive practice yesterday. By continuing to play in this manner, he will ease one of “Mai” Elward’s worries which is his need of end replacements. There will not be a freshman-var-
sity game next Saturday which had been the custom in past years. This will be the second year that this game has not preceded the year’s opener. Instead, it will probably be ^played some time later in the season. The reason for this postponement is that the frosh will not be called until this -evening. Intra-Squad Game To replace the frosh-varsity game an intra-squad game will be held at Ross-Ade stadium Saturday. This will be the first opportunity the students will have to see their team in action and a good turnout is expected.
^ HOW MANY CAN YOy ANSWER? This book has the Answers to these and scores of‘other Questions: 1. A gallon of water weighs 7J4 pounds. (True or False^) 2. The Suez Canal is more than twice as long as the Panama Canal. (True or False^) 3. Toronto is the capital of Canada (True or FaheP) 4. U. S. Grant was the 18th President of the U. S. A. (True or False>) Over 1000 useful facts including Postal Rules; U. S. Presidents; Population of principal Cities and Countries; Facts about the Earth and Planets; etc.,etc.
^ with purchase of a bottle of Parker Qiiitik at 15c or 25c •—the Amazing New JFriling Ink That Ends Pen-Clogging
tery. Get Quink and Free Answer Book today at any store selling ink. Offer good only in
U. S. A.
"ffirker w {JuiiiK Made by The Parker Pen Co.
Now' Accept this offer! Made solely to induce youtotryParkerQuiwft —^thenew miracle writing ink that makes any pen a self-cleaner. Q\iink dissolves deposits left in a pen by ordinary inks—-ends clogging. Always rich, brilliant—-never wa-
wltb creif or teatfeei solos
win?
CARL'S
332 Main Street
Lafayette
Intramural Musings By J. A. Hebbeler To quiet the questions of the curious students who are wondering the reason for the cards to be filled out at registration asking sports interests, we will explain fully. As soon as the cards were turned in they were taken into the intramural office and sorted according to the present ward boundries. When this was done, a comparison was made to see how fclosely the numbers of students in each ward corresponded. By this means the new ward boundaries will be mapped out in time to get athletics for independent men started within a week or two. The old method of canvasing the campus took quite some time to complete. With a little extra time to relax before the grind of school starts, the men students have been making good use of the Fieldhouse facilities. The frequent rains have kept many golf enthusiasts off the links, but they have kept in practice at the driving range in the basement. Ping pong has proven to be the most popular diversion during th^ warm weather, with the more strenuous sports such as basketball being neglected. * t We can help the intramural department by co-operating with them in returning articles to the checkout window as soon as we are through with them. Some students have persisted in taking articles to their rooms and keeping them for several days while others are forced to do without equipment. This only makes for more trouble to the department which has to check up on all of these articles and trace them down.
Fraternity softball blanks are being sent out today, with practice games scheduled for the first part of next week. Each team will be permitted two practice games and the regular schedule will start the following week.
(Advertisement No. 7)
RYTEX CINEMA PRINTED STATIONERY You'll go ''cinematic'' when you use RYTEX CINEMA Printed Stationery . . . the favorite stationery of the actors, actresses, producers, Writers and social leaders. You'll like its ''hand made'' appearance ... its deckled sheets and envelopes ... its smooth writing surface ... its low price. September Only 100 SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
Printed with your Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes . . , Blue, Black, Brown or Red Ink. Delightfully smart colors of paper . . . Studio brown . . . Camera Blue . . . Film Grey. For home or school, or for gifts. On sale for September Only! HAYWOOD’S 5th & Ferry Sts.
f
ielder’s...,. ....choice
With the new ball and the newer rule changes making for an open style of offensive play, Coach Mai Elward is anxiously searching for a back to replace “All-Star” Cecil Isbell . . . lacking a passer of Isbell’s accuracy, Elward appeared to be concentrating on developing the rather unusual speed possibilities of his backfield candidates. —^fc— “Languid Lou” Brock still appears the outstanding ground gainer on the squad, but a passing, kicking, ball carrying back is wanting in the Boilermaker lineup . . . Jack Brown, Red Shackleton, Ted Tycocki, Mike Byelene, and Ted Hennis are as speedy as any backfield men in the country . . . such speed can surely be counted on to bring some fine gains for the Boilermakers. —^fc— Purdue’s line appears as strong as ever before . . . Johnson and Mihal are doing an excellent job of plugging up the Schreyer-Woltman hole . . . the weak position on the line seems to be at guard . . . Captain Humphrey is still bothered by his weak knees, but Elward can be consoled by the playing of substitute centers Petry and Morningstar . . . both men are outstanding on the defensive. —^fc— A hot fight is being waged for the end positions . . . always known for its outstanding flankmen, the Boilermaker squad has yet to develop an outstanding pass receiver this year .... Britt, Thursby, Krause, and Mackiewicz, all offer strong possibilities. —^fc— Outstanding freshmen and sophomores are urged to read the notice box on this page . . . generous rewards await those who seek the pleasure of journalistic relaxation .. . come to room D of the Union Building this evening for further details. Ingleman To Meet 'Pop'Whitney Tonight M. H. Ingleman, and F. E. “Pop” Whitney, head of the billiard room in the Union-_^ilding, nrnet to-nigHtlil-tm^ven game of 200 points at '7:00 o’clock. Ingleman defeated Whitney the last time they met, by a brilliant rally after “Pop” had come within 20 points of his goal. Lacking 51 points, Ingleman scored 50 points to bring his total up to 199, one short of his goal. Whitney failed and Ingleman added his last point. Whitney claimed that his conqueror’s string of points was the “prettiest run ever shown at Purdue, and probably never excelled by a senior at any other college.” This time the two will have the same goal, 200 points. Frosh Football Frosh football practice will begin with a meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30 o’clock this evening. Elmei Burnham has called the initial meeting for all freshmen who aim to play football in room 211.
Detroit Seeks Runners To Bolster Aerial Attack Coach ‘‘Gus’’ Dorais Delays Practice As Courtesy ' / To Boilermakers ;51 Candidates, 15 ‘D’ Men.Back Coach Charles E. “Gus” Dorais officially opened pi^actice Saturday for his Detroit University gridders, who will meet Purdue on September 24 in the season opener here. Fifteen lettermen are back in the fold, and bolstered by a promising crop of sophomores, Dorais counts on giving the Boilermakers plenty to think about.
As a courtesy to the Boilermakers, Detroit began practice later than usual; Purdue being prevented by a conference ruling from starting before September 10th. However, Dorais will have several extra days of double practice in which to whip his aerial circus into tip-top form, since the Titan University does not open until September 19. Fifty-one candidates, including the fifteen returning lettermen, were invited to report to the first Detroit practice.Must Replace FarkasCoach Dorais, in looking over the situation, announced his chief worry was in the finding of a successor to Andy Farkas, the Titan’s great ground-gainer of a year ago. He said that the Detroit eleven would probably be weaker at one end, one tackle, and both guards, at least during the early part of the season. Ed Palumbo, a fine passer from the 1937 eleven, will see much service in the ball-toting department, but his lack of ruggedness may force Dorais to look elsewhere. However, A1 Ghesquiere, if he lives up to expectations, may lighten Che lefthalfback burden for the brittle, but brilliant, Palumbo. Good Fullbacks The fullback position has been bolstered by a number of huskies,^ most conspicuous of whom is Clint Barritt, a 200-pounder who was out of school last year. Barritt is a good kicker, and a reliable defensive player. This year’s Detroit aggregation will tip the scales at approximately the same figure as last year. Both guard posts are expected to be filled by small men, probably not weighing much over 170 pounds. The entire line, in fact, will be lighter than a season ago, but much added beef in the backfield should bring the average to about that of 1937. The schedule for the Detroiters is among the toughest ever tackled with games listed with Purdue, Western State Teachers, Catholic University, Boston college, Villinova, Dequesne, University of North Dakota, North Carolina State, Tulsa and Santa Clara. Prof. L. R. Gaddis To Speak At Ag Luncheon Monday “Work of the Home Demonstration Agent” will be discussed by Prof. Leila Gaddis, principal speaker at the Ag Staff Luncheon which will be held in the Union, Monday noon, September 26. Professor Gaddis is the Indiana home demonstration agent leader at Purdue. In charge of the first of the monthly luncheon series is George B. Cummins to be assisted by J. C. Ralston, L. E. Allison, and Miss Edna Troth.
WORLD-FAMOUS PARKER PENS from *2^5 to $10 • Pen and Pencil Sets 5395 to $15 Start the FallTerm at College on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
GERRY MOHLMAN
434 Main St.
518 Main St.
Phone 2954
Experience Main Need Of Purdue Gridders For Coming Season Handicapped by the lack of experienced men. Coach Mai Elward continues to search among the ranks of his sophomore candidates for ball carriers and linemen to fill the gaping holes in Purdue’s lineup left by the graduation of the brothers Isbell, ends Powell and Zachary, tackles Woltman and Schreyer and other Boilermaker veterans. Among the first year men who made favorable impressions during their short scrimmage appearances were A1 Rossi, tackle; Loren Proudfit and Jack Winchell, guards; and Mike Byelene, halfback. Rossi Looks Good Rossi, big 200 pound tackle, was an outstanding lineman on last year’s freshman squad. Proudfit and Winchell, small, stocky and fast completely fill the requirements of the “watch-charm” style of guards which are so frequently found on teams using the style of offensive play developed by Rockne at Notre Dame. Mike Byelene may be the answer to Elward’s prayer for a passing back to replace accurate Cec Isbell. Byelene, short, hard-blocking, is an excellent ball carrier in addition to his exceptional ability as a passer. Other sophomore backs who are taking advantage of the scrimopportunities to win a place on the Boilermaker travfeling squad, include Tykocki, and John Petty. Use Experienced Linemen For the most part, the more experienced linemen seem to have the edge in the competition for the forward wall positions. Humphreys, Petry, and Morningstar, at center; Maloney, “Whitey” Johnson, and Verplank, at guard; Mihal and “Beai^ Johnson, at tackle; and Ma^ewicz, Krause, Thursby, and Brift, at end, are receiving most of the calls.
All Sophomores and Freshmen interested in working on the Sports Staff of the Exponent report to room D of the Union at 7:30 this evening. —McDonald.
National League
W
L
Pet.
GB
Pittsburgh
. 77
56
-.579
•
Chicago .
.76
60
.559
2%
Cincinnati .
75
61
.551
SVa
New York .
.75
61
.551
SVa
Boston
68
67
.504
10
St. Louis
65
72
.474
14
Brooklyn . .
. 62
73
.459
16
Philadelphia
. 43
91
,321
34^2
er PENS from $2.75 to $10 Start the Fall Term at school on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
DECKER BROS.
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 6, Boston, 3.
Cincinnati, 2, 8; Brooklyn, 6, 4. Pittsburgh, 0, 3; New York, 3,10. St. Louis, 12, 3; Philadelphia, 9, 2.
American League
W
L
Pet.
GB
New York ,
93
42
.689
Boston
77
57
.575
15%
Cleveland .
76
58
.567
m'a
Detroit ..
71
65
.522
22%
Washington
67
70
.489
27
Chicago
55
74
.426
35
Philadelphia
49
86
.363
44
St. Louis .
. 47
83
.381
43%
Phone 6477
Yesterday’s Results Boston, 9; Detroit, 2. Philadelphia, 4; ^t. Louis, 3. New York-CIeveland, rain. Washington-Chicago, rain.I,.;:
P"' k.
I ^ I. f
if, ^ '
Joyous tidings, chums, on the first day of our glorious year. Your bright and shining faces are before us now as we write to you. And to think you will hear from us every day now for awholeyear(Well, until the staff finds a good column writer, anyhow.) ■*
We’ve learned so much since summer school was dismissed. Important things like: 1. There is no wall in Wall street. 2. That Brown Betty is a pudding not a Pilipin. 3. That “fillip” is a jerk of the finger, not an order to a gas station attendant.
Some Fall: (section from a letter written by Bob (Scoop) Insley) “I know that fall is coming. Even the girl next door is getting cooler.” _BB— We Saw At < Registration—Bud Rhodes looking very dazed over the procedure; Tot McQueen acting very “ultra, ultra” while walking about; Lew Morrison wearing a jaunty felt hat; Wimpy O’Neil re-entering school. —BB— Oh, the joys of late registration— hours of gazing at a once white board now completely red save for a few poorly chosen white spots. —BB— And such queer ideas the date bureau has on rating people. This year’s patrons were classified A— B—C, etc., when they signed up. But even Milt Reeves of Delt and Exponent fame received an “A” rating and likewise rated an “A” gal. He seemed very happy about
While Dick Pittinger, WBAA announcer, was returning the records borrowed for “Music Maestro Please” program he dropped them and did the music go round and round and down landing humpty dumpty fashion. It’s poor Dick who pays and pays. —BB— Bill Rehm, ATO Skull and Crescent man, has KKG’s Maxine King plenty puzzled. After a casual dating acquaintance of last spring. Bill penned her such impassioned messages this summer that the paper sizzled under ,th pen, ’tis said. Maxine expected the worst last Sunday night, but was surprised to find her made not so much as an attempt to hold her hand. We can’t figure it out either! —BB— Life around 325 Waldron is picking up these days, what with all the lost personality gals back “just looking, thanks.” Even Isabelle Young is here complete with the sweaters and with pin-man “Mopey” Moir. —BB— The summer seems to have done things for (or to) Bill Unger. It seems that he spent the summer in Wisconsin and gained 20 pounds. How was the beer. Bill ? —BB— Several members of the Summer Session attended a Barn Dance at West Point. A very merry time was had by all, with the free refreshments and all!! By the way, who was the co-ed that lost her skirt while doing a square dance ? —BB— Famous Last Line—Remember, your parents are the kin you love to “touch.”
Among the last orientation duties of W,§GA counselors is that of taking new-students to the YWCA tea this afternoon at four o’clock in the faculty lounge. Although this tea is primarily for new students Betty Klein, YW president, urges that old students conie to get acquainted with the new girls. . During the meeting, this year’s YW interest groups will be explained and material will be distributed by each interest group. Helen Conver who is in charge of the tea announces that it will be very informal and invites the girls to come to the tea in school clothes.
/. M. Rudolph(continued from page 1)
offices in the cadet organization this year. Fourteen men received the ranking of cadet lieutenant colonel. H. W. Lownie, A. H. Levin, R. L. Richr ardson, R. W. Oyler, J. A. Ogle, R. J. Ruth, D. A. Williams, J. E. Taylor, S. T. Novak, J. T. Donovan, R. L. Forkner, R. 0. Dirmeyer, B. D. Witwer and P. T. Frangos will wear the lieutenant colonePs insigna for the coming semester. Some Major Appointments Sixteen cadet majors were appointed. Heading the list of majors is R. C. Phillips, followed by W. J. Derner, W. B. Boothby, W. C. Prechter, T. E. Persinger, R. B. Coen, R. E. Hall, T. L. Tomaszewski, R. S. Harper, J. W. Mackie, E. H. DuVal, R. M. Sasser, M. L. Munson, J. T. Doan, W. L. Hostetler, E. L. Tyner. Forty-eight men were promoted to the rank of cadet captain: D. L. Henry, R. J. Kantz, C. F. Hoffman, R. H. Jacks, J. C. Weist, T. J. F. Sherman, D. White, L. E. Armstrong, W. K. Millholland, M. E. Flater, V. W. Coddington, G. V.' Hutchens, H. N. Behrends, P. E.
E. C. Gross, D. E. Monger, M. C. Wakefield, R. E. Heine, L. H. Stephen, C. W. Hartman, G. W. Matthews, D. F. Bline, J. W. Greenis, J. F. Coffee, F. C. Ahrens, R. L. Schnell, L. L. McDaniel, D. C. Manlove, L. B. Holmes,'C. E. Lang. R. Wagner, E. J. Wadleigh, R. C. Meleney, R.- D. McCreery, J. H. Kline, D. W. Clugston, J. E. Kessel, R. B. Fitts, H. C. Boyer, J. R. Hopkins, F. W. Wintner, Milton C. Reeves, J. F. Schaefer, G. R. Guthrie, E. W. Little, S. M. Lawrence. And the Looies The eighty-five first lieutenants according t otheir relative ranks are as follows: H. E. Bunkhardt, R. H.
Williams, W. J. Cure, A. H. Krass, T. Schreiner, H. R. Mitchell, M. L. Gregory, D. R. Vance, R. A, Meier, C. Arnold, J. D. Gantz, G. E. Recktenwall, H. Brennan, J. D. Bowen, F. C. Moses, J. E, Hymen, L. J. Barley, R. M. Thornton, H. F. Helbig, B. A. Devol, N. F. Myers, C. 0. Smith, A. A. Kuzmitz, C. E. Clutter, E. E. Rothenberger, R. W. Middleton, F. W. Fisher, R. I. Schumacher, J. E. Tryon. J. H. Miller, S. G. Luther, J. C. Dewenter, R. H. Fatout, H. L. Scott, J. M. Williamson, C. N. Hall, D. W. Grover, R. J. Bossong, H. C. Johnson, S. L. Brown, J. R. Feck, R. H. Stover, P. W. Davis, A. A. Hrast, L. C. Lewis, R. H. Lehman, G. C. Romeiser, M. E. WickersKafti, G. R.
Douglas, F. B. Sebastian, D. S. Butler, E. E. McClarren, C. F. Reed, R. N, $chneblin, H, B. Schisler, .St M. Marks, B. C. Loskot, T. E. Nash, P. W. Eckstein, S. F. Adamec, P. A. Derra. E. E. Coolman, J. A. Hufford, J. J. Calderbank, Maurice C. Reeves, J. L. Ciral, C. N. House, J. W. Scott, R. Cassity, J. E. Watson, R. L. Chandler, W. F, Erickson, A. V. Gaulke, W. M. Jackson, C. H. Rosohacki, E. P. Tabshey, A. P. Knapp, J. R. Bonebrake, L. G. Juillard, W. A. Reed, C. Harper, C. H. Bliss, J. E. Ward, J. Tearney, and G. M. Barnes. •
for MEN who appreciate perfectly laundered shirts We have just installed the finest shirtfinishing equipment money can buy., Perfect, form-fitting collars, smooth button strips, all ironed to the bottom as fine as the smooth, arispy-feeling front, Cliffs and gussets wrinkle free. Starched as you may want them. JbsL dhsMSit JupL cdL deuj^ UL. Ahi/dtA, laumtsMct buj, AMERICAN LAUNDRY & CLEANING CO. 132 Vine Street West Lafayette
What Has Mas. WASP Got Against the l^oble Oak Tree? We haven’t the foggiest notion. But we do know she bores into it to deposit her eggs. And the indignant oak deyelops a protective growth known as a gall, from which is obtained the tannin useddn Penit, the superior new ink by Sanford. You don’t care a hoot? We thought you wouldn’t. But you might care to know that Penit is a free-flowing, easy-writing, trouble-proof . . a brilliant, - sure-fire ink for every make of fountain pen. Try it. 2-oz. bottle, 15c;4-oz. bottlewith chamoia skin penwiper 25c, at your college supply store. SANFOUD’S
®!Ht
sf. The Pen-Tested Ink for All Makes of Fountain Pens
piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin
(Advertisement No. 6) =
APPROVED SETS AS LOVy AS $11.00
at HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5th and Ferry Sts., next to Monon Station, Lafayette Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND ALL DRAWING SUPPLIES Log-Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Forni Paper and Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks FREE A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase
YOU WILL SAVE 25% HERE
WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
Dief-zgen "Federal" 1047C
STUDY DESK LAMPS
Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffel & Ess6r "Pharos" 686 Post "Primo" 630
Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 888 U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006
Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of, inferior or unapproved articles.
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the APPROVED LISTX
f.
/A
Thursday, September 15/1938
J-aaiuhoA
THE PUBDUE E»>ONENT
Brilliant, Varied Programs Convocations Will Present Thi^ year University convocations will bring a brilliant and vari^ selection of programs to the campus. Ten convocations were carefully selected so as,to give students a wide selection of lectures and musical programs. All convocations will be held in , ■ ' , '
the Memorial Gymnasium, and as in past years no reserved seats will be available. Provisions have been made to have five of the convocations on consecutive nights so that the Gsrmnasium be not crowded. Seniors and freshmen will attend one night and sophomores and juniors the other. !Need Passports ' As in the past students will be admitted upon presentation of passports. Schedules of convocations win be distributed with passports,
and all students are urged by the convocation committee to keep them on their desks. Schedule of convocations programs released by Prof. 3. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, is as follows: October 11 — Lady DrummondHay, England’s leading woman journalist, will lecture on “Dictators I Have Met.” She is noted for her air exploits and her interest in wars, riots and revolutions. October 24-26 — Helen Jepson,
Finest Drawing Instruments LOWEST PRICES B. L. Horwitz 828 Mctin Street SPORTING GOODS Open All Next Week Until 8 P. M.
leading prima donna of the Metropolitan Opera Company, noted for her rapid rise.to fame. November 8—Doctor Victor G. Heiser, “Private Physician of the World,” noted for his Outstanding work in the Philippine Islands, will lecture on “More of a Doctor’s Odyssey.” November 21-22—Welsh Imperial Singers who gave H. R. H. Duke of York a “wonderful party” at their royal appearance in London. December 5—Carveth Wells, roving Britisher with a wild sense of humor, will lecture on “Mountains of the Moon.” He’s Tops February 7-8—Alec Templeton, blind pianist who has made a name for himself from coast-to-coast and is now the sensation of Hollywood. February 21-22—^Angna Enters, famous dance mime described as a whole show all by herself. March 9—^Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra;'
Start Vocal Orchestral Tryouts Today
Tea Will Introduce
Freshmen Women New PEW instructor and WAA advisor, Miss Ray Frazier, was introduced to the WAA council at a meeting last night. Miss Frazier a New Yorker, taught at the University of Chicago last year. At the council meeting, plans for the tea next Tuesday were discussed. The tea will serve to introduce WAA activities to freshman women. The gym, whether completed or hot, will be open for inspection. Committee heads in charge of the
tea are: program, Jeannette Schaeffer; refreshments, Louise Daniels; invitations, Georgia Walker; and .publicity, Jean Bailey, Following the tea, on Wednesday, an athletic tour of the campus and gym will be'under the direction of Virginia Beck. The hock)ey field will hold a demonstration game to illustrate the new hockey rules. Sunday, September 25, Virginia Blank and the cabin committee will be hostesses at an open house at the WAA cabin situated in the woods behind Controller Stewart’s house.
THIEME & WANGERIN
622-624 Main Street
it
99
Your Favorite NEMO
WONDERLIFT
The foundation of a fashionable silhouette is your foundation garment; The Nemo Wonderlift is a best seller, because the patented front-closing innerbelt incomparably strengthens and supports abdominal muscles. It improves your poise, your appearance. Fine fabric, smart lines, long wear.
$B-50
EXTRA: A Nemo Wonderlift for shorter figures at the same price. We carry a complete line of side fastening girdles and fronf and back lace corsets. Price range $0.50 to $5'^®
Attention^ Frosh Co-eds! Shelton Theraiique Permanent Wayes All Lines of Beauty Culture Doyle Home Beauty Shop 116 Pierce, West Lafayette Phone 2331
Surveying’ Afake Up: C E 6 exam will be held in room lOl of the Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, September 17, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permits to 'take the exam must be secured before this date in room 102. —LOMMEL
Campus Varieties: All students connected with the Campus Varieties radio program last year call radio station 6076 and leave their phone numbers. —MILLER.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year •will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon’, Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
Freshmen: Frosh football managers report to the Fieldhouse in the varsiiy equipment room at 4 :30 p. m. Thursday and Friday. —FRUSCH,
INDIRECT STUDY
LAMP
AS SHOWN
Purdue 5c to $1.00 Store In the Village
Cheer Leaders: Meeting Thursday, September 15, in room lOB of the Fieldhouse at 4:16 p. m. Freshmen, Sophomores, and Juniors with or without experience should report. —FENSTERMAKBR.
Women NYA Applicants: Please call at the office of the Placement Service for Women in the Executive Building on Thursday, September 15, to receive your NYA assignment. —HOUGHTON,
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting Thursday, September 15, in room A of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. —HALL.
All Counselors: Be sure to take your girls to the YWCA Tea in the Uniow today. —HUBER. Union Sophomores: Student Book Exchange will function as usual Thursday, September 15. Please do not miss classes to work on exchange. We will appreciate your help during your free hours. —RICHARDSON.
NYA Assignments: NYA assignments are ready to be given out Thursday, September 15, at I p. m. in the corridor of the Executive Building. —FISHER.
Sophomores: All sophomores intereested in working on the Debris sales staff report to the Debris office in the Union today at 4 o’clock. —EDWARDS.
Scrivener: Organization meeting Thursday, September 15, at 125 West Lutz. All members please be present. —JUSTIN.
Scholastic, sociAl and business success depends to a great extent upon immaculate appearance. So if you would stand at the ‘‘head of the class’’—^insist upon fine dry cleaning — the West Side Cleaner’s kind. The “extra” care, “extra” thoroughness which is so characteristic of our service, is your best assurance of perfection. One trial will show you what we mean.
— ihIjVii I Across from Fire Station
Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
LE. S. LAMPS
PRICED FROM $2.75 to $6.50
Replace your bid eyesttoinlng lamps/ctnd refurnish with the newest vogue in home decoration—matching styles in the latest I. E. S. Better. Lighh—Better Sight types. They wtll odd new charm, color, harmony and beauty to vow living roam—and even more important they provide soft, glareless light tor eye comfort and sight saving. These lamps are greater thc^sudl values-=-and carry the special red and blue I. E. S. tag, signifying and testifying to their quality construction and engineeredj|ight|ng advantage over ordinary lamps.'
SOUTHWORTH’S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
600 Frosh Hear Stewart^s Plan Six hundred freshman, with interests definitely musical, turned out in Eliza Fowler Hall to hear A1 P. Stewart, director of the choir, glee club, and University orchestra, explain the musical situation and introduce representative members of each group. The meeting began at 7:30 on Wednesday, with the usual freshman job of filling out questionnaires. A1 Stewart started out the short program -with a discussion of musical interest vs. musical ability. Tryouts Start Thursday Tryout periods were announced. Tryouts wilN continue from 8 a. m. to 12 noon and from I p. m. until 4:30 p. m. on both Thursday and Friday. Friday at 4:30 o’clock is the deadline for all musical tryouts. A1 Stewart, personally, will hold the ..Jtryouts in his office in the rear of Fowler Hall. “Tryouts will be made at the approximate rate of 20 per hour,” estimated Stewart. Introduction of the executive board with short talks by them concerning their own department filled up most of the remainder of the evening. Miss Edith Mills, secretary of the music department, was introduced first. New Robes For Concert Ghoir University Choir, which is composed of 150 voices, was discussed by the student manager Morris Erickson, Ag. ’40. New robes, brilliant gold and black, have been ordered for the Concert Choir, honorary, for which Van W. Coddington, ME ’39, is manager. Robert A. Phillips, Chem. ’39, has the combined job of managing and directing the University Orchestra of 45 pieces. Next to be introduced was the girls representative of the executive board and librarian, Martha Moorhead, HE ’40. A gold first place loving cup went to the Glee Clul> and a baton from the Chicago Tribune went to A1 Stewart for winning the nationwide contest which included 26 of the states and Canada in its competition. Paul Worcester, Ag. ’39, is manager of this group and is now attending a conference in Syracuse, N. Y. With A1 P. Stewart as master of ceremonies and representatives of each group giving short talks the meeting lasted for approximately one and one-half hours.
Local Ads
FOR RENT—^Room for two boys with single beds. Inquire Mrs. Miller, southeast comer of Main and South.
CAR FOR SALE — 1929 Ford Coupe, $35. Suires, 27 Russell St. Phone 5779.
FOR RENT—Apartment for 4 to 6 men. Phone 66812—106 North street. .
GENERAL ELECTRIC RADIOS —Student models $12.95 up. Central Appliance Shop, 422 Columbia street.
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. P. Ebershofif, 605 Main street.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS seU 60c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
FOR SALE—Desk suitable for students. 3 drawers, sturdy. Price reasonable. Phone 6418. Thornburg. MODERN FURNISHED ROOMS —Suitable for students, running hot water. Good location. Phone 71201.
WANTED — Dance musicians. College men prefeired. Give qualifications. Box J-47.
ROOMS FOR RENT—One double room, single beds. Phone 7764. 1R8 Pierce*
FOR RENT—Desirable room near campus and village, 107 Cbauncey. ’ Phone 45142.Ip
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 15, 1936
Faculty Executive Committee Names 1100 Good Students
I '
Students ■whose names appear on the following lists entered as freshmen in September, 1936, and had in June, 1938, completed two full year’s work with no outstanding conditions, no back work, and at least forty-five hours of grade B or better. Sophomores in Agriculture Andersen, J. Anderson, L. H. (For) Anderson, 0. K. Black, P. 0. Bogue, E. S. Bonnet, C. H. (For) Bruington, E. G. Brunk, M. A. Burbrink, K. E. Burns, B. H. (For) Canada, T. L.t Clark, H.K. (For) Colfman, B. Denzler, P. J. Duggleby, E. B.
Finley, R.
Franz, F. E. Glardon, J. E. Goings, D. L. Goldsberry, W. M. (F) Greenburg, J. W.
Gross, C.
Hamilton, R. L. Hardin, E. R. (For) Hardin, J. D. Hai’mon, F. J. (For) Harper, R. H. Hartman, F. B. Haverkamp, L. J. Hess, G. M. Hinshaw, J. E. Hitchcock, V. T. Holloway, M. C. Hrxfby, V. M. y Huber, M. C.
Irvin, C.E.
Jewett, H. S. Johnson, L. A. Jones, C. E. Keffaber, P. E. Kelsey, F. B. (For) LaFuse, L. W. Lumpkin, R. M. McConnell* U. L. Madden, W. E. (For) Marvel, T. J. Melcher, F. C. (For) Metzger, J.
Mills, J. O.
Mishler, D. H. Morgan, F. M. Morley, R. M. Mullett, R. P. (For) Nesius, E. C. Nickey, H. E. Overbeck, M. E. (For) Overbeck, W. J. Paarlberg, D. Pugh, F. A. Ramsay, K. L. Ramseyer, S. G. Rectenwall, W. B. Schleicher, F. K. (For) Seale, R. P, (For) Sears, G. E, South, J. O. Stuart, C. M. Swanson, R. E. Troyer, D. R. Vogel, A. F. Watkins, R. E. Weldon, T. A. Wells, L. L. Whitham, H. L. Williamson, J. R. Wolf, M. G. Woodling, W. H. (For) Wray, D. R. Zweig, R. L, (For) Sophomores in Chemical Engineering Agnew, J. T, Becker, R. C.
Boyd, C. C.
Darmer, P. H. Edwards, P. W. Elmlinger, A. Fishbum, H. F.
Hall, R. E. Harms, V.
Harris, W. J. Hathaway, 0. C.
Heath, D.
Hedden, W. D. Hollowell, F. B. Knox, G. H. Landon, K. L. Larch, C. V. Maier, N. A. Mann, J. R. Mann, T. R. Meyers, D. W. Neptune, M. D.
Noon, J. A.
Omohundro, G. A. Ostrander, M, H. Patrick, C. B. Schmidt, L. W. Schomstheimer, R. E. Segrave, H, J. Sherman, D. A.
Sittig, M.
Smith, J. H. Snider, H. M. Speaker, R. A. Stroup, B. L. Stroup, R. C.
Szabo, W.
Terrio, D. G.
Ulrich, R. E. Whitson, J. W. Wildish, M. F. Wilmeth, H. D. Wilson, E. E. Sophomores in Civil Engineering Conklin, R. H. Cornell, A- R. Hotler, C. F. Houston, K. C. LaForce, H. B. Reid, G. W. v Shackleton, A. R. Turnbell, R. H.
Wood, J. R.
Sophomores in Electrical Engineering Abolin, T. W.
Abram, M.
Adams, G. M. Appleyard, R. E. Atherton, A. C. Beem, F. A. S. Beier, M. G. Bichsel, H. J. Brandt, N. C.
Brown, B.
Butterfield, D. Cheung, T. S. Clarke, S. P.
Colby, R. L.
Cones, V. B.
Dagan, 1.1. Davis, R. J.
Dembinski, L. J.
Dingle, R. Eng, W. T.
Foxworthy, M. K.
Frazee, H.
Frederick, G. W. Harmon, R. L. Harpster, W. R. Ha-wthorne, R. P. Heath, L. M.
Hershey, F.
Holmes, L. L.
Hope, J. P.
Houser, R. E. Hughes, R. M. Insley, R. E.
Keen, R. N.
Knight, H. M. Lay cock, H. S.
Levy, T. A.
Marsh, G. H. Meier, M. L. Merchant, K. R. Miller, M. J. Monson, H. 0. Nitsche, J. E. Obenchain, R. Perrin, A. C. Renner, W. D.
Rice, D. N.
Robbins, R. D. Russell, H. E. Sebring, P. B. Spreuer, W. E.
Squires, R.
Stradling, R. E. Strong, I. W.
Todd, H. E.
Weeks, J. C. WidelirU. E. Williams, J. S. Woodson, J. C.
Yost, K. E.
Sophomores in Mechanical Engineering Ahrens, J. E.
Aldag, R.
Alexander, G. E. Ancker, C. J. Anderson, J. E. C. Anderson, R. A. Antibus, F. M. Ashton, J. WW.
Berg, W. F. Bown, L. D.
Bradley, W. E. Brown, C. R. Brown, G. Wilson
Bull, C. G.
Buschmann, A. D. Bushong, L. L. Carlquist, E. Carpenter, B. W. Cooper, P. T. Cregan, J. D. Croft, W. D. DeBell, C. W. DeMars, R. B. Dietz, G. W.
Doud, K. E.
Downey, F. B. Duckworth, O. Dunshee, W. E. Eilering, J. G. Farquhar, L. C. Finch, K. W.
Fink, R. A.
Fisher, D. T. Forsythe, W. J. Franklin, C. E,
Frye, G. R.
Fuller, W. H. Garcina, G. M. Gibbs, W. M. Glendening, H. V. Gobeille, W. P. Graham, J. U. Gridley, D. H. Hallett, F. SI. Harra, A. C.
Hart, W. A.
Heckman, T. P. Heidbreder, C. A. Hoffman, J. D. Houk, W. E. Hunter, L. L.
Huston, A. BJohnson, E, A. Johnson, Joyce E. Johnston, R. J. Keller, M. A. Kirk, H. T. Knight, E. C. Kolb, H. G. Kramer, C. E. Kratz, H. F. Lafrentz, R. J. Launder, J. M. Liebrecht, P. C. Little, Charlotte E. Lyles, L. L. Lynch, R. A. McCrea, R. J. McNeil, R. C. McWorkman, W. 0. Maurey, E. Meginnis, G. B. Miller, T. F. Mock, R. R. Moninger, R. H. Murray, W. H. Nash, W. A. Nassau, D. L. Nelson, D. B. Nevin, H. W. Oblinger, R. L. Ott, W. R. Palikucha, G. Pavy, E. S. Potts, R. E. Pustello, A. V. Rees, D. R. Reising, C. A. Roepstorff, E. H. Rosebrock, F. W. Schooley, H. E. Simmons, R. M. Smith, J. P. Soderstrom, H. W. Sopcak, C. F. Speier, R. Strong, W. B. Stuit, J. B. Tresselt, A. R. Truran, G. H. Waggle, R. J. Weihofen, G. J. White, A. F. Witt, R. P. Yarber, R. F. ' Sophomores in Engineering Law Kerwin, J. E. Lisius, R. R. Miller, Paul C. Weikart, M. A. Sophomores in Public Service Engineering Bignall, A. G. Blessing, K. E. Daley, J. L. Kimmel, K. L. Malcolm, D. G. Nesius, L. A. Potter, R. C. Rice, J. M. Smith, 0. F. Sophomores in Home Economics Applebaum, Beatrice G. Bailey, Helen Barmes, Elizabeth C. Beil, Esther R. Berry, Treva L. Bouton, Sarah D. Caldwell, Anita M. Campbell, Jeanne L. Crankshaw, Margaret J. Daniel, Aline L. DeVauIt, Ileen L. Dunwoody, Ether D. Ellis, Martha E. Frost, Elizabeth Gaylord, Rose J. Henderson, Kath. M. Hoover, Marjorie V. Horwitz, Jeanne F. House, Bonita F. Ince, Rosemary L. Johnson, Marietta Jorgeson, Althea Kneer, Amelia Koch, Mary A. " Kuzmitz, Mary A. Laramore, Mary J. McGaughey, Lois L. McLaughlin, Mary F. MacDermid, Julia B. Martin, Elizabeth J. Masters, Elizabeth J. Merchant, Georgia M. Miller, Mary L. Mills, Catherine E. Moorhead, Martha J. Peter, Leota R. Plank, Helen E. Raebig, Frances B. Rothenberger, A. M. Rushk, Tressibel L. Russell, Grace L. Sexson, Ella L. Singer, Annesther Skinner, Helen R. Slinkard, Edith L. Spicher, Marie Stocker, Margaret M. Thrasher, Anna K. Tugaudis, Helen C. Walker, Georgia L, Weishaar, Mary I. Wilson, Helen R. Winklepleck, Wilma J. Wolff, Ho V. Yerkes, Kathleen W. Yonover, Shirley S. Young, Lerea J.
^ List Includes All Sophomores, Juniors Who Are Up In Work Meeting in session April 25, the executive committee of the faculty voted that there be published in the EXPONENT, early in September, a list of good students. Good students is defined to mean all regular students who entered the University in September, 1936, and those who entered in September, 1937, who made their quota of grade B or better. Good students can have no unremoved C, D, F, or I grades, and cannot be back in any subject. The required number of B hours or better is 22 and one-half hours for freshmen and 45 hours for sophomores.
Sophomores in Pharmacy Bikin, H. Brewer, J. M. Hartman, G. O. Houseworth, J. H. Oxley, P. E. Reiff, L. E, Sanders, W. J. Stock, B. R. Weldy, S. D. Sophomores in Physical Education Kurtz, J. M. Stamm, M. L. Utter, D. D. Werner, L. E. Yeager, E. L. Sophomores in Science Ainsworth, Elizabeth J. Bradshaw, Frances A. Byrne, G. E. Byrne, J. J. Cook, Barbara R. Crepps, Thais M. Demoret, Lucy J. Grice, W. H. Haiges, J. J. Hall, Ruth B. Hartley, D. E. Hebbeler, J. A. Heine, Patricia L. Loveless, E. E. Maxwell, K. L. Moore, J, F. Mounce, Katherine E. Munro, R. F. Myers, Jane Rhodehamel, H. W., Jr. Robertson, Eva L. Roe, Gaby D. Scott, Caroline Steffee, Helen R. Steinbach, S. P. Upson, S. A. Ward, Elinor D. Wickard, Betty J, Wilson, Mariana Students whose names appear on the following lists entered as freshmen in September, 1937, and had in June, 1938, completed a full year’s work with no outstanding conditions, no back work, and at least twen-ty-two and one-third hours of grade B or better. Freshmen in Agriculture Adams, M. W. Allmon, C. W. Ball,W. P. Beeler, C. R. (For) Behr, H. R. Blackwell, J. R. (For) Blosser, T. H. Boyd, G. K. Brinkerhoff, B. W. Britt, R. E. (For) Brooks, J. H. Bums, K. C. Carmichael, C. W. Coster, J. K. Creech, H. F. Daggey, E. E. DeLaCroix, J. A. Dyer, C. L. Faut, D. R. Feld, H. (For) Ford, C. L. Greenawalt, D. H. Gruber, E. E. Guard, W. M. Gutterman, H. M. Harmon, W. O, Hassler, P. E. Hawk, T. F. Haynes, T. S. (For) Henderson, J. W. Hill, P. A. Hobson, J. R. Horrall, N. Hunter, H. P. Hurst, A. S. Jackson, M. E. Jackson, P. E. Johnson, B. F. Johnson, C. E. Kegerreis, G. H. Kiljanczyk, H. Klinker, J. E. Kjiepper, W. D. Langley, F. L. Larsh, H. C. Lash, P. K. Legg,S.B. Liebengood, D. M. Logan, O, O. Lower, D. E. Luers, A. D. McCarter, M.
Mcllwain, E. M. Maish, J. M. Maish, W. R. Mangus, H. D. Marvel, J. A. Michel, K. R. (For) Miers, M. L. Miller, L. J. (For) Morthland, E. J. Myers, H, D. Natter, H. G. Noelle, E. C. Ortman, R. E. Partridge, E. E. Payne, R. Payne, R. E. Ralston, R. G. Rechenbach, C. H. Reid, D. Q. Royer, A. E. f Schaich, H. J. (For) Schurtter, R. W. Scott, D. A. (For) Searcy, G. L. Shaw, E. W. (For) Shepherd, J. S. Sindlinger, C. P. Slonaker, J. Smith, Robert H. (For) Smyth, P. C. Steele, J. P. (For) Stewart, J. A. Stine, V. L. Stone, A. C. Stuckey, E. H. Suneson, T. J. Swarts, N. R. Thompson, J. C. Thornburg, E. G. Turner, J. D. Van Slyke, R. Waugh, R. K. Wentzel, D. E. Wilson, James E. Wilson, T. T. Witham, A. T. Woodward, R. M. Yant, R. E. Yoder, J. 0. Zook, V. H. Freshmen in Engineering Aders, C. W. Ahlvin, R. G. Aldrich, E. C. Alexander, L. G. Applegate, R. D. Atkinson, L. L. Aull, L. E. Baker, G. W. Baker, O. E. Ballard, W. O. Ballentine, W. I. Balog, F. Bates, R. A. Beck, I. E. Becker, W. R. Beddoe, A. Beer, R. G. Bell, E. Blackburn, W. K. Blakslee, E. L. Bledstein, L. Blevins, L. G. Bodkin, J. A. Bohlin, E. S. Boll, C. R. Botsford, A. Bowling, J. F. Boynton, D. E. Breeden, R. Brennan, P. J. Brewer, G. W. Brick, G. A. Briggs, L. E. Bright, W. E. Brodd, L. J. Brody, R. P. Brookman, W. T. Brown, C. E. Brown, E. S. Brown, R. N. Browning, E. E. Buckman, CV. F. Bukowski, R. P. Burgener, L. G. Burkhardt, J. B. Campbell, V. C. Cappel, R. E. Captain, L. E. Carpenter, E. G. Carter, R. W. Cartwright, K. O. Cashbaugh,S. V. Chalberg, H. W. A. Chandler, Jeanne M, Christy, J. W. Clark, C. S. Clark, E. J. Clarke, A. B. Colquhoim, R. S. Comer, G.W. Conn, B. L. Conrad, R. W. Cook, H. E. Crabb,V.L.
Crow, W. R. Croxall, J. M. Curry, W. Dalton, D. R. Danford, L. E. Danner, G. W. Da-vis, P. E. DeHoog, R. F. Dempster, W. M. deTartas, D. A. Drain, D. T. Durboff, W. C. Dunham, R. H. Dunn, R. E. Edwards, R. M. Elley, A. G. Elton, R. L. Errickson, E. W. Espenlaub, W. L. Etherington, T. Fabing, W. E. Fant, J. E. Ference, G. G. Finch, R. E. Fisher, J. D. Fisher, R. 0. Fletcher, D. W. Fosse, I. A. Fournier, W. C. Frazier, L. R. Freeman, H. E. Fritzlen, G. A. Gale, G. O. Garrett, J. D. Gaugh, C. B. Gedge, B. H. Geiger, C. F. Gephart, W. F. Geyer, R. E. Gibson, B. W. Gilmore, L. Gleason, R. E. Goebel, H. C. W. Golding, B. Graham, Charles E. Granger, F. L. Gray, L. H. Green, R. S. Gregory, E. L. Grise, W. K. Grubbs, J. L. R. Gustainis, F. A. Gutting, J. P. Hagens, R. C. Haiflish, N. J. , Hale, C. C. Hall, H. R. Hamilton, T. E. Hamman, P. L. Hauter, R. L. Haver, T. T. Hedges, F. C. Heiple, D. K. Helmle, A. J. Henze, P. S. Hepburn, J. T. Herner, O. M. Hess, L. J. Hewitt, R. S. Hinrichs, L. M. Hogue, R. A. Holcomb, W. L. Hollingsworth, Lois V. Hollingsworth, Manette Hollis, W. C. Horth, R. J. Houser, Genevieve M. Howard, R. E. Howerton, J. T. Howlett, M. K. Hudson, J. W. Hull, R. R. Huls, W. D. Hultgren, R. D. Hunter, J. P. Huntzinger, G. 0. Hustvedt, A. 0. Irvine, R. E. Jackewicz, B. S. Jackson, D. L. Jacobsen, J. R. Jansing, R. E. Jarmotz, P. Johnson, A. D. Johnson, R. Carson Jones, R. C. Jordan, P. R. Jungerman, G. R. Kase, L. M. Keane, M. E. Keenan, M. S. Kellogg, R. H. Kennedy, D. D. Kerman, G. H. Kettenring, K. N. Kettler, A. W. Kinsey, J. V. Kirkpatrick, G, B. Klein, W. J. Knapp, G. A. Koenig, W. C. Kohr, R. R. Kotfila, R. J. Kratch, H. F. Krull, R. A. Kuznicki, J. F.
Lantz, T. D. Lauletta, P. A. Layson, J. C. Leach, V. M. Leber, C. W. Lenzen, R. J. Lewis, A. D, M. Lewis, E. C. Lindsey, A. R. Livesay, R. D. Long, J. T. Lotz, R. W. Low, J. N. Lowe, R, N. Luedeka, E. M. Luthi, R. A. McCammoH, L. B. McDowell, W. J. McFadden, C. A. McKee, E. S. McKeighen, C. M. McLane,W. J. Mack, R. K. MacLean, H. T. Malcomson, A. J. Mann, James R. Manton, J. J. Marquis, S. D. Marsh, W. D. Martin, J. G. Mass, M. L. Massey, R. G. Mavity, V. T. Meese, W. G. Merkert, P. Mertz, W. Carl Metcalf, S. L. Meyer, C. E. Meyers, A. W. Miller, F. L. Miller, R. F. Miller, R. M. Misselhorn, H. J. Moeller, J. E. Montavon, B. E. Montgomery, G. F. Moore, J. T. Morgan, W. B. Morrison, R. H. Moss, W. E. Murnahan, R. E. Myers, C. H. Nasser, E^ G. Neff, W. J. Newgard, J. R. Newhagen, C. J. Newill, E. J. Nolan, T. C. North, R. B. Oaklay, W. H. Ourand, J. R. Pacey, J. J. Papamanoli, J. E. Patrick, M. F. Patterson, M. S. Pendleton, W. S. Peoples, W. H. Petty, T. B. Phillips, P. A. Pickart, J. V. Pierzchala, E. T. Poll, H. F. Post, J. W. Powell, F. E. Primeau, L. E. Reed, D. C. Reese, F. E. Reeves, C. C. Reid, G. C. Reveal, R. Richards, F. Richards, M. M. Riester, R. L. Riling, D, E. Risberg, A, C. Ritchey, J. A. Roberts, A. J. Robertson, M. E. Robinson, H. W. Rooney, D. J. Ross, R. Edward Roth, F. J. Rowe, R. S. Rule, F. H. Ruth, L. C. Safford, D. E. Sangermano, A. Sarginson, F. T. Sauter, G. J. Scherrer, W. E. Schrantz, H. M. Schulenborg, T. W. Seidelmann, 0. F. M. Sell, J. M. Sheets, C. A. Shepard, C. T, Shickel, J. B. Short, W. E. Siefert, J. E. Siler, C. A. Siljander, W. A. Sinish"* R. D. Sj'oblom, W. T. Slater, J. P. Slone, W. J. Small, L. W. Smallen, H. Smeltzer, R. C. Smith, F. M. Smith, Glenn K. Smith, N. F. Smith, O. P. Sollitt, G. T. Sonneborn, I, E, Sperry, J. A. Spotts, M. E. Spraker, R. A. Springgate, R. C. Sroka, E. A. Staley, J. Stallwood, L. Stampil, L. A. Stanford, G. W. Stenberg, J. F,
Stephan, R. C. Stephens, T. J. R. Stephenson, Marilyn M. Stewart, C. A. Stewart, J. Stewart, R. R. Stoner, E. N. Storms, J. R. Strickler, K. H. Swaha, M. Taylor, R. H. Taylor, R. J. Taylor, W. F. Teel, L. L. Teeter, Annabel S. Teeter, L. V. Terhune, E. T. Thayer, R. V. Thomas, F. P. Thompson, J. M. Thompson, K. J. Thornton, R. P. Tilt, R. R. Todd, H. A. Triplett, M. C. Underwood, E. E. Vana, J. J. VanCamp, L. R. VanHorn, J. C. VanSeoter, A. B. F. Vernon, W. E. Videberg, J. E. VonBuelow, R. F. Wadsworth, J. F. Wagner, H. L. Waller, J. A. Walsh, D. J. Ward, W. A. Warren, R. A. Waters, J. R. Wayne, J. C. Weed, A. C. Weglinski, H. A. Welch, S. B. Welter, C. R. Werngren, S. E. Wetsel, R. D. Wheeler, R. R. Wheeler, S. H. White, J. E. Williams, R. 1. Williamson, A. B. Willsey, J. C. Wilson, R. A. Wise, J. W. Wist, H. Wleklinski, L. F. Wolverton, P. W. Wood, D. E. Woodling, V. A. Woods, W. A. Woodward, W. R. Wright, W. G. Wunderlich, R. T. Yates, A. W. Yeager, D. L. Zajec, J. M. Zimmermann, S. A. Zintel, H. J. Freshmen in Science Beaver, N. E. ^ Beisel, Bernice’J. Bennett, Ruth M. Benson, C. H. Bockstege, H. F. Brilliant, H, Bryant, Ruth C. Burnham, Joyce Bussard, P. Carr, Mary J. Deale, H. S. Feldman, C. Finney, Charlotte A. Gabler, Lerla L. Graves, Mary M. Greger, Janet L. Hadley, W. L. Hagemeyer, Edith M. Hand, G. W. Harvey, H. E. Hass, Bettie M. Hendrickson, Dorothy J. Hoffer, R. A. Holden, Dorothy U. Huckleberry, C. D. King, Vivian M. McCloud, Beth N. McLean, Helen J. Navta, E. P. Nedderman, H. C. Norquest, G. L. Oswalt, J. W. Pechin, Eugenia M. Rae, Prances S. Robertson, J. W. Rose, Ruth H. Shepard, Harrietts L. Shipow, Bessie S. Slate, P. O. Smith, M. H. Smith, Phyllis B. Tedford, Marda B. Totten, Fairie M. Vollmer, P. W. Wachs, R. J. Waterhouse, W. J. Wente, R. 0. Wierenga, Wilma F. Young, Margaret E. Zinsmeister, Betty L. " Freshmen in Home Economics Allen, Josinah E. Armstrong, V. L. G. Backert, Dorothy J. Ballard, Mary A. Bassett, Ellen A. Bell, Beryl Black, Frances J. Blind, Jane E. Bomstein, Dorothy Boyd, Ellen I.
Bradshaw, Gayle B. Brown, Martha A. Bugher, Thelma M. Burtsfield, Mary I. Butz, Marie M. Calvert, Mildred A. Carroll, Georgia L. Clausen, Verel M. Closs, Louise Clymer, Johanna Cocking, Marian E. Cox, Gladys V. Darr, Betty J. Davis, Josephine DePew, Barbara E. Dunlap, Mary L. Eberhardt, Dorothy B. Ells, Dorothy M. Fink, Eleanor E. Fosbrink, Florence K. Gausman, Ruth C. Goff, Mary L. Gustafson, Marg. L. Gustafson, Miriam V. Harper, Helen L. Heilmann, Loretta M. Henry, Julia H. Hibbs, Lena R. Hildebrand, Glenda L. Hite, Augusta L. Holden, Yvonne R. Honoroff, Violet A. Home, Victoria J. Hostetter, Gwen. F. Jacobson, Elise Z. Jakes, Betty L. Jakes, Harriet A. Johnson, Joy D. Johnson, Marian P. Keller, Virginia M. Keltner, Alice I. Kesler, Jetta M. Kiesling, Carolyn H. Kyle, Mary J. Landis, Mildred L. LeBoeuf, Joan L. Lecklitner, Irene A. Limpus, Martha A. Loring, Ann B. McKnight, Maril3m A. McMath, Peggy J. Meurer, Lucy A. filler, Dorothy C. Monhaut, Gertrude K. Monk, Mary E. Morris, Maurine Morrison, Ona Osborn, Lucille E. Paramore, Doris E. Pence, Margaret C. Phillips, Vivian A. Pickering, Janet L. Plummer, Jean S. Powell, Ruth Reinhart, Grace Renick, Janice A. Riley, Mary L. Risk, Martha A. Royce, Virginia L. Ruch, Lois J. Rusterholz, Jeanne M. Saint, Sarah K. Schlitter, Ruth J. M. Schmoe, Eugenia E. Schuber, Evelyn V. Schueler, Jane Shaw, Grace M. Simpson, Elizabeth A. Slocum, Anne E. Smith, Hilda A. Spry, June R. Stong, Dora H. Swift, Ruth B. Terstegge, Margaret A. Thelen, Ruth J. Thomas, Loise R. Hhompson, Mary M. Ulrey, Margaret J. Voelkel, Lois J. Wallace, Prances M. Ward, Nannie L. Warren, Barbara J. Wattles, Martha A, Wattleworth, Ruth E. Weigel, Georgialee Wolber, Mary E. Zechiel, Catharine M. Zeigler, Elizabeth A. Ziegler, Martha E. Zwierlein, Paula R. Freshmen in Pharmacy Cornelius, Julia C. Easley, J. J. Emmert, J. A. M. Puller, R. L. Henry, D. J. Kohlmeier, G. E. Layson, H. P. Martin, K. G. Money, J. P. Better, H. L. Sarles, C. N. Schaefer, H. W. Selkowitz, I. H. Shaevel, 0. Taylor, James E. Titus, J. C. Tooker, W. C, ^ Freshmen in Physical Education Breen, D. J. Brinduse, M. S. Cheever, R. E. Correll, K. B. Dartowski, P. L, Doherty, G. H. Ormiston, R. E. Papurca, J. H. Petrich, H. P. Price, R. R.
t I