' >■ v^J •, /a, *' i>y M
xponent ^ m JOmfy Stm€m /906
Volume 52« No. 100
West Lofoyette. Indiana
Thtunday. Jaanoiy 301. 1941
Chicago Symphony To Play For Convo Hext Tuesday Night
iFrom All Fronts^— Toda/s Summary Of War News
Stock Leads Orchestra In Fiftieth Anniversary
To ChicBKo Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine
The first regularly scheduled convocation of the second semester will be held Tuesday, February 4, when the famed Chicago Symphony Orchestra will present a concert in the Hall of Music. The orchestra, ■directed by Dr. Frederick Stock, has gained world wide recognition for its renditions of the works of the masters.
The orchestra, founded by Theodore Thomas in 1891, is celebrating its fiftieth anniversary this year and recently returned from a trip east where they played in Carnegie Hall in an exchange engagement with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra. All along the route, which included Pittsburgh, Philadelphia and Boston, the or*« chestra appeared before large audiences and many famous music critics praised the work of the organization an dits conductor.
The doors will open at 6:46 o’clock and the concert will begin one-half hour earlier than usual at 7:30 o’clock. Tickets for the general public will be on sale at the ticket window at one dollar each, but there will be no advance ticket sale or leserved seats, d.e.b.
Campus Fraternities Sponsor Triad Dances Tomorrow In Union
Two formal dances will open the second semester social season tomorrow night at 9 o’clock in the Union ballrooms. Members of the Miami Triad with their dates and guests will dance to the music of Byron Dunbar and his orchestra in the north ballroom, while Charlie Agnew will bring his “Music of the Hour” to the Northwestern Triad dance in the south ballroom. Dunbar and his 14-piece band until recently were featured on the International Harvester Show every Sunday and have played in major ballrooms and hotels throughout the country. Agnew has also played in theatres, night clubs and hotels and has been featured on programs for Lucky Strike, American Tobacco and others over NBC, MBS and CBS. Fraternities founded at Miami university, composing the Miami Triad, are Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta and Sigma Chi. Those three fraternities owing their origin to groups at Northwestern university are Phi Kappa, Kappa Delta Rho and Phi Kappa Tau.
Exponent Staff
Merle's Money Into Exponent's
Makers Move Union Offices
By Ed Kieper Once more the Exponent has started to move closer to the scene of University activities. This time the business staff, headed by Merle Hagemeyer, is leaving its old quarters on Fifth street, the one the Monon uses to come through town, and moving in with the editorial - staff in the basement of the Union, The business staff sells the ads, delivers the papers a few times a week and takes the one complaint that we receive every year. They also keep the books and worry where the money is coming from and how to spend it if and when they do get
it.
No Government Appropriation? During registration, the ad sellers piled all their equipment into the south forty of the editorial office in the Union and walked out. They didn’t say where they were going -or how long they would be gone. Could be that they are waiting for a government appropriation to build
them three fancy glass cages like the plans call for. The idea is to construct three new offices in the room now occupied by the editorial staff. These offices will house the advertising staff and all of their files of mats (pictures of stockings, underwear, hats, etc.), the circulation and accounting departments and the Big Boss Merle Hagemeyer, herself. No Privacy! The offices are to be similar in construction to the offices now occupied by R. W. Donahue, J. H. McKee and D. K. Heiple. That is, they are to be topless enclosures with clear glass windows looking out into the main office. They do NOT have hot and cold running water, a radio or clocks, but they DO give as much privacy as a goldfish bowl. The business staff will still mfiintain the same hours 4-4:01 unless someone accidently stays later. The official hours are 4-6 o’clock.
Perrine Astonishes 2,000 Spectators ^ With Speech Machine Demonstration Peace Parley
John Metaxas, 70-year-old premier of Greece, died suddenly following an operation. King George at once appointed his successor, Alexander Coryozis, governor of the National Bank of Greece.
'Voder BrairT Made To Speak, Recite
Poetry, Sing By Operator At Keyboard
The raid of the Free French on the Italian forces in southwest Libya is called by Robert J. Casey, in a dispatch from the front, “the most spectacular single operation of this weird war in the desert.”
Last night, before an interested and astonished crowd of 2,000 students, faculty and townspeople in the Hall of Music Dr. J. O. Perrine, assistant vice-president of the American Telephone and Telegraph Corporation, discussed and demonstrated the theory and operation of the famous “Voder” talking machine. With the help of his assistant, Mrs. Lombardf, Perrine made the machine pronounce polysyllabic words, recite poetry, and sing songs..
Wendell Willkie, in a London press conference, intimated that he will advocate Anglo-American financial cooperation upon his return to the United States. He continued his conferences with British leaders and also talked to “the man on the street.”
Greek troops have resumed “the~ offensive in the region of Valona, Athens reports. The Italian communique claimed that “important positions” have been wrested from the Greeks along the Albanian battlefront.
With 4,000,000 men, including the Home Guard, now under arms, the British have called to the colors new classes aggregating 1,600,000. A plan is under study to draft women into industry.
“Though skirmishing continues on the Thai-Indo China frontier,” radios A. T. Steele from Bangkok, “a delegation of Thai officials took off in a Japanese plane yesterday for Saigon to commence truce negotiations with the French.”
“The amazing phenomenon of articulate speech,” said Dr. Perrine, “comes home as a miracle.” Analitically speech is the process of forming articulate sounds by forcing air from lungs through the throat, controlling these sounds by the vocal chords. It is the job of the “Voder” machine to produce corresponding sounds synthetically. ~Vacunra“Tubes Operations— The “Voder” machine synthesizes the speech sounds through the use of various types of vacuum tubes. These tubes generate an electrical current. One of the vacuum tubes gives a raucous sound similar to the sound “ahhh”—comparable to the horn on a streamlined train. The gas-discharge vacuum tube emits a random array of electrical currents or vibrations like the sound “hahh”—similar to blowing breath upon the lens of a pair of glasses in cleaning. A third vacuum tube changes the pitch of the sounds and produces a flutter. ' The keyboaid used by the operator is composed of ten keys. These keys represent the various (Continued on page 4)
A bill for industrial mobilization has been approved by the Japanese cabinet despite the opposition of big business. Under the bill, the government can establish, merge or dissolve companies. * * *
Vichy Socialists Join Drive For increased German Co-operation
The principal interest of the Germans in Rumania appears to be to preserve the peace, radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. Unrest could easily affect the raising of food supplies and disturb oil production, both of which are important to the Reich.
By Paul Ghali
SPECIAL RADIO , To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc
All freshman and sophomore workers should get their night preferences in by 5 p. m. today. Staff for tonight is Skallerup, Ruffner, Seiss, Hadley. Workers: Runion, Galloway, Zinski, McIntosh, Butz, Kumlander. —Heiple.
P-Men Blanket Hop After Indiana Giime Will Feature Cisne
Dick Cisne and his band will play Saturday at the annual P-Men’s Cluh Blanket Hnp-imthe-Union ballroom after the Indiana game. The dance will start immediately after the game and end at 12 o’clock. Two Vocalists Cisne’s band features two vocalists, Red Miller and Marilyn Duty Also on the entertainment side is Prudy Ballard who aids Miller in doing various dances and original songs. Marilyn, discovered when the band appeared at the Tune Town balhoom in St. Louis, is fast becoming popular for her smooth ,way of presenting ballad numbers. Outstanding Drummer One of the outstanding musicians in the band is Bill Walters, drummer. Before joining up with Cisne, Bill was featured on the Fitch Bandwagon. He was also featured with Donohue’s orchestra at the Drake hotel in Chicago. During the evening, he will play several solos. Tickets for the Hop are priced at one dollar and are on sale outside the Sweet Shop and at the bookstores in the village. Money obtained from this dance is to be used
to buy “P” blankets for the senior lettermen. e.g.k.
Vichy, Jan. 29.—Clarification of that vaunted “co-operation policy” pursued by Vichy came today in a symposium of high French Socialists who have launched a drive to whip French Socialism into line with this program of collaboration with Berlin. Give Arguments Two exponents of closer relation^ With Germany unloosed their arguments in today’s issue of L’Effort, which has replaced Leon Blum’s Populaire, so widely read among workers. These men are Paul Rives, former Socialist deputy from Allier, a friend of Blum, former Socialist leaderj and head of the Popular Front regime in prewar France, and Compere-Morel, well-known theoreticiaiL of French Socialism, and a senator from Gard. “No Military Co-operation” To appease any objections of readers, Rives sounds the bugle of collaboration with the assertion that no military co-operation with Germany is intended against Britain, nor any alignment of Prance’s political system with Nazism. What France and Germany want today, writes Rives, is an end to European wars, once and for all No solution of the Franco-German problem, as it stands today, he says can be reached unless both countries agree to work together in thn “European organization.” Missed Opportunity “This is what France should have done before the war,” Rives says “We missed our opportunity. Germany’s time has come. Germany has made a livable national economy which she wants to establish internationally. Future European economy must work op. the basis of a continental, autarchial system in which will be integrated all national autarchies. France’s place in this system is the only real FrancoGermah problem today.”
PI A Plans Reopening Of Student-Faculty Roundtable Talks
WBAA will resume the StudentFaculty Roundtable Discussion selies tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o’clock. This series of programs is sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association. Members of the discussion broadcasts, both tomorrow and February 7, will be Professor O. G. Lloyd, chairman of the University honesty committee, and G. 0. Arbuckle, director of Cary Halls, who will represent the faculty. Robert A. Hoffer, Student Union executive, and Bill Burroughs, WBAA announcer and producer of the series of broadcasts, will present the student viewpoints on the question. Subject—Student Honesty Tomorrow’s discussion will center about the subject of student honesty, and members of the forum will discuss the University honor system and compare it with that used in other universities. Organized in groups of two programs each, the series of broadcasts is designed so that the various student problems, which are introduced on the first program of each group, may be elaborated upon and discussed more thoroughly by the forum on the following Friday’s broadcast. “Extra-Curricular Activities” was the subject of the^first pair of discussion periods broadcast before Christmas vacation. n.a.o.
Major Ayers
... of Hammond, and Captain Walter H. Hathaway of Michigan Cit^ have recently reported for duty with the military department of the University.
Red Nichols Signed For Interfraternity Ball On February 14
Conduct Armistice Talk Aboard Japanese Skip
By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Red Nichols and his orchestra will play for the annual Interfraternity Ball in both ballrooms of the Union on Friday, February 14, it was announced last night. This year’s Ball will be different from those in the past in that no tickets will be placed on public sale.
The dance is open to actives and pledges of the various campus fraternities, which are being assessed on a per capita basis to cover the expenses of the dance, according to John C. Davis, chairman.
Bangkok, Jan. 29. — Though h skirmishing was reported eoatxua* ing on the Thai-Indo-Chinese frontier, a delegation of Thai officials, headed by Col. Phra Silpa Sastra, was in Saigon today to begin truce negotiations with the French. There is no great enthusiasm here over conducting the armistice talks under Japanese auspices on a Japanese warship. It is believed here that Thai aerial supremacy was beginning to make itself felt against the dog^ged Fran-co-Annamite resistance and that time favored the 'Thai cause.
“Five Pennies”
Thailand Careful
Red Nichols, a trumpet player who is famous as the leader of the “Five Pennies,” started his band in northern Indiana near Culver Military Academy, from which he graduated. Jimmy Dorsey, Benny Good man. Jack Teagarden, Gene Krupa, Artie Shaw and Glen Miller have all played with him at one time.
Nichol’s band has played at Top* sy’s Cafe in Hollywood, the Meadowbrook Country club in New Jersey, the Greyhound club in Louisville, Ky., the Yacht club at Tulsa, Okla., and the Dayton Bitlmore hotel in Dayton, Ohio, n.a.o.
“ HoweverrThailand at present is being extremely careful not to offend Japan, whose ultimate ambitions are all too clear. Thai officials assert that after Vichy had accepted the Japanese mediation proposals, they had no other course but to follow suit under very strong Japanese insistence. To have done otherwise would have angered Japan, and might have led to embarassing consequences, they say.
Informal Co-ed Rush
Opens Sunday Noon
Second semester co-ed rush will begin at noon on Sunday, February 2, and will continue for a full week of informal rush. Registration will be held Saturday morning from 9 to 12:30 o’cloc(c in the Union lobby. Invitations to informal parties to be held throughout the week at the houses of the eight national sororities will be sent to rushees Sunday afternoon. Pledging may take place at any time during the week. A fee of 60 cents will be charged for registration, a c.
Expect Japan To Be Liberal Moreover, a certain element here believes that Japan will be inclined to grant Thailand a liberal section of disputed Indo-Chinese territory in order to foster closer Thai-Japa-nese relations. Officials here expect few obstacles to the armistice agreement from the French, but fear that peace negotiations to be held later in Tokyo will be fraught with difficulties.
Hort Staff Members
Injured In Accident
Wesley Players Engaged To Tour Horthern Indiana
Wesley Players will take to the load during spring vacation to present their full-length play “St. Claudia” before audiences in six different northern Indiana towns. The cast for this play will be selected at 7 o’clock tonight at the Foundation house. At the same time the cast for a one-act play on labor problems, “Smoke,” will also be selected. e g k.
Professor C. L. Burkholder, assistant chief of horticulture, and Dr. C. E. Baker, also of the horticulture department, are now recovering from injuries received in an automobile accident last Monday at St. Johns, 10 miles south of Hammond. The accident occurred on U. S. 41 when the car in Which they were riding collided head on with a Wisconsin car traveling at high speed and skidded across the highway. Cut above the eye and suffering a chest injury, Professor Burkholder is still in the hospital at Hammond. Dr. Baker was brought home by F. C. Gaylord, the other assistant chief of horticulture. His injuries were a sprained ankle and cuts about the head. The car in which the two agricultural extension men were riding was completely demolished. f.i.j.
Majority Of Students Oppose
Control Of Thought Or Activity
By Joe Belden, Editor
student Opinion Surveys of America (Copyright, 1941)
Active supporters of academic freedom and student rights were recently shaken when the University of Michigan with one-sentence letters refused re-admittance to thirteen young men and women “because they were considered disturbing influences.” University officials have declared the action was not taken because of the students* political ideas or activities, but the Michigan Committee for Academic Freedom and the barred students themselves believe they have shown that this was the basic reason. If the problem of academic freedom is placed before the entire student enrollment of the United States, especially now during these war days of fifth-column scares and
un-American activity investigations, what is the concensus of this democracy’s college youth? Student Opinion Surveys of America has sampled the nation’s colleges and universities. It finds everywhere overwhelming ma|orities opposed to any control of either students or faculty thought or activity. Polling a representative cross section of U. S. campuses, interviewers asked, “Do yon believe that a college has the right to control a student’s personal political activities or expressions of opinkm?’* YES, said 4% NO, said Regarding cmitrol of facxOty members’ poUtical activities or ion% these were the results: YES. said 9)1 NO. said 9l$h
I
I
II
(!^aqn2-^iiJtA
ThttiBday, Jcmuarsr 30« 1941
fijuJulujL ^xpomnt
h \k
.The Ratio— 3.93 > • • to 1
There’s altogether too much activity around here these days, but amongst all the turmoil, we have a few sane people like Jane Ramsey of the Alpha Chis and Kenny Strickler of the Phi Kappa Sigs who do nothing but become engaged. Of course, some people won’t agree that that’s being sane, but that’s all a matter of opinion. Looks like there’s going to be plenty to do in the next couple of weeks. P men’s dance is this Saturda ynight, and then two weeks later comes Interfratemity followed by Pan-Hel and finally Sophomore Cotillion. Good bands are signed for all of them too, so you don’t want
to miss them.
Say, by the way, speaking of good bands, have you heard Irv Givin and his boys lately? He’s getting plenty good. Among others, he’s got one of the finest musicians this school has ever seen in “Rocky” who can really tickle the ivories. “Browny’s” arrangements are better than ever, too. Well, the seniors are beginning
DANCING CLASSES^ OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Jan. 29th, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED THurs., Jan. 30th, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150^ ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
to get worried about the jobs coming up now. Charlie Reeves was down in the Swe6t Shop the other day with Ruth/Bennett, as usual, filling out the personnel form for United States Steel Corp. Those things are quite a job to fill out, I guess. They want to know your life history and then soipe. Just wait until Charlie goes to get his job, though. He doesn’t know what he’s ji for. Maybe it’s just as welL You know, there’s inefficiency for you. They send you a notice telling you that you have a job, and then you go down and cool your heels with a lot of men who don’t have notices and probably have very little chance of getting a job. One thing, though, they are impartial. They interview everybody, but they make you sign your life away. Oh well, cheer up. Once you’re in, it’s easy work with good pay, if you’re
lucky.
One thing sure you don’t want to miss, and that’s the book exchange. Go in even if you don’t want a book and just look over the girls. They have “Holy Moses,” and Jeanette Haines and all the other beauties running around for them. Juniors Urged To Apply For Book Exchange Jobs Juniors interested in senior jobs on the Book Exchange next September should report to Bob Hoffer, Union executive, as soon as possible, it was announced yesterday. —Seniors-n.re-ehosen as members of the Book Exchange board every fall, f.i.j.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
DARING! INTIMATE! DRAMATIC!
GINGER I^OGERS —as Americans U^nie-CoUar GSii— Kfmr FOYLE CinisH^her Mortey’s Novel, viA DENNIS MORGAN JAMES CRAIG 8KO HADIO PICTURE STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
A Columbia Pictun
ALSO-
— ADDED •» FIRST RUN NEWS
NOWI tee the
imiJIlll UNMCAN • MARIS WRnON Nl m, Ir.* UU OESTE • PAUL CAV/UMM
ALSO-
JOHNNiriUIK
HELD OVER! — TODAY - FRI. - SAT.—
— SHOWS AT — 10:00 A. M.-2:00 P. M. 7:45 P. M.
MATINEE 40( Children 25c
EVENINGS ALL SEATS
55c Tax Inc.
Plates For Senior Co-eds Lett In Marriage Course Several openings for senior women in the marriage course still remain. Applications for this course should be mailed or brought to Jeanne Chandler at Wood Hall as soon as possible and should contain name, address, phone and the reason for taking the course. There are two sections to the course this semester. One meeting Wednesday, the other Thursday, from 7:15 to 9:15 p. m. in the Union. Eighty, instead of the previous forty, students can thus take the course, a.c.
Letters
To The Editor Dear Editor: For some time now I have watched the editorial policy of the Exponent regarding the present foreign situation change with what seems to be the general tenor of change throughout the country. In this time you, and apparently many of the people in this country, have changed your policy from one of isolation, in some degree, to one that bids fair to involve us in another foreign war. Change Not Justified If this change is justified by the facts, then nothing can be said against it. But I do not believe it to be justified. Last summer and fall when Germany was over-run-ning Europe, and seemed about to deliver a knock-out blow to Britain —^you were isolationists. Today when Germany has not only failed to complete her invasion of Britain on schedule (you remember it was to have been done early in September), but has had her expectations of aerial victory reduced almost to the vanishing point—^you are in favor of acts by our government that cannot help but biing on a declaration of war between this country and Germany either now or later. The fact that the United States will actually be in the war in fact as well as in spirit is almost undeniable because we are paralleling the course of 1914-17 very closely. Do the people of this country really want war? I think not. Then why do they follow the course which seems sure to end in that very situation? That answer, too, is rather sim-
The ^th Colnmn
After an uneventful trip aboard the clipper, and a personal tour of London. At least the parts of which have been turned into second hand building material by Adolf’s helpers. It is rumored. WILLKIE MAY ASK FOR AID TO BRITAIN He might as well give it a whirl. It’s been done by the best of people. Then, too, he might be able to get Commonwealth and Southern to donate a few lightning arresters. It is a blitzkrieg you know. * e * It’s always been our theory to let well enough alone though. And we’ve been told that God helps those who help themselves. So we’re of the opinion that maybe we ought to stand aside. And give the Lord a chance to prove it. * ♦ * Who are we to doubt His word without fair trial. ift 1)1 Seems as if there is quite a shortage of helmets in England now. Especially for civilians. Which furnishes us with a slogan for the manufacturers. We can see it emblazoned on every container.—^For complete protection against falling objects wear a Zippo helmet. The tin you love to touch. „ ♦ * ♦ Reminds us also of a new development of the present fracas. Exclusive with the British. A bomb shelter. So quiet you can hear a bomb drop.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent kntered «a •eeonj cIbm matter M tlie post office in I*fiorette, IndiasB, Under the net of Congreis of March 8, 1879, and at the Cpecial rate of poetage provided for la ■ection 1108, aet of October 8,1017, anthorlied January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regnlar academic year aad weekly during the Bummer Bessioa. Delivered locally fay carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription I8.B0. Bditor-in-Chlef B. W. Donahue Business llsnager.____ Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff Kews Bdltor.— J. H. Mftr— Managing Editon D. K. ^Iple Associate Editors t W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. PurcelL L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Bkallemp, J. L. Tnugott. Buiineas Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. B. Powers, O. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Olreulation Manager, R. M. Xeektenwald. Co-ad Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Rnlh Rose, Donna Bless. Sporta Staff Editor J, p. Dolan Asaoeiate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. 0. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phono*: Editorial 4005; Buiinen 5030; Sporta 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College PubHehers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. Y. Staff For This luua Night Editor: Ochiltree Issue Editor: Jones Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: D. E. Butz, D. T. Brophy, E. G. Kieper, Margaret Fuller, Alice Chatileld and Jane Ramsdell.
pie. They have been told by men of prominence in our government that there is but one thing standing between us and invasion, that bugaboo of elocutionists. And that one thing IS the British navy. I do not believe this to be true. Granted that the British navy does stand between us and invasion, it is certainly not the only thing. Among other things (unless we have leased it or lent it since I last saw a paper) there is the American navy, at the present time the strongest in the world, and every day being made stronger. There is also the Atlantic ocean. Admiral Stark has said that it was no longer a barrier, but a highway Maybe so, but it is a highway that is 3,000 miles long, and that’s a lot of highway to defend against submarines, planes and ships. If we invade Germany, we defend it. If Germany invades us, she defends it I envy no one that job. Especially against a country with the bases and equipment that we potentially have. We Can Save Ourselves And that, Mr. Editor, brings us back to the original reason for the
STARTS TODAY
The Double Horror Show of the Decade
IF
CAN YOU TAKE IT ! ! THESE SUPER SHOCKERS ARE FOR YOU! YOU CAN STAND TORTURE! YOUR NERVES AND HEART ARE STRONG! YOU WANT THE LIFE SCARED OUT OF YOU!
irS A NIGHTMARE
COME TO LIFE!
[CHAMBER
THE COLD BLOODED BAD
MAN OF CRIME!
OF
noRs
WE DOUBE DARE, YOU TO SEE IT!
writing of this letter. Why all this aid to Britain ? Why give her 50 or 60 and even 70 per cent of our production when our own army, navy and air force are so badly in need of strengthening? Why place our faith in another country’s ability to save us (if we are iirneed of having) when we have the means and ability to save ourselves? To me, that does not sound like America. Would this not be better ?—Build for ourselves an air force, an army
and a navy that would be virtually invincible and prepare to make it very uncomfortable for anyone that attempts to invade us by either establishing and holding that 8,00(> mile supply line or by establishing bases in South or Central America. We can do it! When we lose that confidence in ourselves then we have lost much of the spirit that made America great. Yours sincerely, L.W.R., ME ’42.
For More in Trade Take Your Used Books to
PIMIUBOOK&limYnCKE
308HO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Jinydi^ JjolL Harmless Horseplay Very funny is this idea of tossing people up the stands at basketball games. It creates a little diversion for the spectators,, too, but like all such games it’s been done once too often. Tuesn day night at the Purdue-Detroit game, a co-ed was injured when she was accidentally kicked in the back by the flying foot of a young man who was being tossed up the tiers of bleachers. The kick was unintentional, of course, but today Ruth Cohen is in the hospital suffering from a spine fracture. No details concerning the seriousness of her condition could be learned last night but spine injuries are always serious. Lots of people never walk again after a spine injury, perhaps Ruth Cohen will be more fortunate—we hope so. At any rate, her case is an object lesson in the art of growing up. The price of the lesson learned from Iluth’s accident is rather steep but one doesn’t soon forget expensive lessons. Need we say more?■ A !*'*, jtA<’ ' )■> 1 iti;L,).!,' , '4*, '*’70 "'' i <. ■ /,7 ^ 'A'.>1-'r'/i't/ << iV i.’ )4„7y ■ ■x ,"7 * • ^j' ' 1 .'t4' ' ' 4!. )■'* * •' 1'' ■■. 1.4) '’ '< , , » ..n •' ‘ I ■'''■" ~ ‘ ‘ '. , ,’ ‘’ " .V^ ' , ■- 1 ‘ ' -■ " “S
y/.
"V '’' ^''>','',%/i®'->;i', -5 ivi !> . .•’irwy/>l'V{;.
fijuAduiL £xpofiUtnL
nuitadoy# |cmuary1lO, 1941
fiauuL 3 « Sb&dA^
Indiana Invades Fieldhouse Saturday
Boilermaker Basketball Forces Face Conference Leaders In 'Do Or Die' Effort
Consisting almost entirely of lads who are stars in their own individual rights, the Indiana club is as Coach L&mbert suggests, “one very strong ball club.” Many of the men now wearing the Cream and Crimson colors on the basketball court received All-State honors during their high school careers. McCreary, now a forward on the Indiana team,, was on a championship Frankfort team, while Armstrong, Another forward, hailed from a top-notch South Side Port Wayne outfit. Bill Menke, who is now high scorer on the Hoosier five was an All-State center from Huntingburg and his present teammate. Bob Dro, won similar honors at Berne. Schaefer, a guard and third highest scorer for the Hoosiers, made All-State in 1936 on a South Side Fort Wayne team. Good Team On Paper On paper, as Coach Lambert admits, Indiana seems to have a ball club that will be very hard indeed to beat. However, if the Boilermaker team expects to get in the running again in the conference race the Riveter hardwood forces will have to buckle down Saturday night and win a ball game that their coach thinks they are capable of winning, providing of course that they can regain an outlook favoring victory. Commenting On Tuesday’s game against Detroit, Coach Lambert said he was satisfied with the performance his boys made, but added that their passing was not up to where it should be and that their basket-
Herb Duggins
. .. assistant football coach at the University, was t^ie principal speaker recently before a Father and Son gathering at Logansport sponsored by the Elks’ club. Duggins showed motion pictures of Purdue’s games of last fall.
TALKS
—That extra cash you will get for your USED BOOKS.
-^The dollars you save ou book purchases add up: Pocket Money!
fimiE BOdg'SlfftYiTOBE
4MW4>WDailir'-MMIMM
« »a-fO flATK STREEI IJT tAPAYETTl IND
Tough Hoosier
Retlitning to the Big Ten wars in a big way next Saturday night, Piggy Lambert’s hardwood aggregation is scheduled to meet the all powerful Hoosier team here in the Fieldhouse. Thus far the Cream and Crimson netters have not been tripped this season in conference competition. They are, therefore, looked on as the team most likely to cop the conference crown this yeari having already beaten the strong Illini team which so decisively defeated the Boilermaker squad. Lots Of Stars '
shooting could also use more polish. However, such polish can hardly be expected in^a team whose players have just finished final exams and had been unable to work out in regular practice for some time. Varsity-Frosh Scrimmage Highlight of yesterday’s hardwood practice was the varsityfreshman scrimmage in which a talented frosh team matched abilities with, a quintet of upperclassmen. The frosh team consisted of Lawson, Menke, Schwartz, McGrath and Johnson. Facing them were Weber, who hit a considerable number of field goals, Pauline, Tierliey, Schwartz and Kiefer. Having already lost two conference games, the Boilermaker team will have to beat both Indiana and Illinois over the week-end in order to get back into the running for the championship. While Indiana is the only team as yet undefeated, Ohio State has dropped only two games, one to Wisconsin and one to Minnesota. Illinois also has a very enviable record, and Wisconsin, with its five victories, has firmly established itself in the second place berth, d.w.m.
Fencers Encounter Chicago Here Sat.
Paul Armstrong
Paul Armstrong, the lanky Indiana forward who has been a thorn in the sides of the Boilermakers for several seasons now, will be on hand next Saturday when the Hoosiers' invade the Fieldhouse. Paul’s scoring is second only to Bill Menke on the Indiana team and he has scored 67 points in 10 games.
Intra Mural Sports
7:16 8:00 8:16
President Elliott
7:00 7:16
. . .journeyed to Indianapolis last Thursday afternoon to preside over a meeting of the Indiana Historical Society. Dr. Elliott introduced Dr. P. W. Gates of Come|l University, who spoke on “The Biovement for Land Grant Universities.”
8:00 8:16
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16
7:00
7:16 8:00 8:16
the Purdue Exponent Service 4*^ Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/^ Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Big Ten Scoring Honors Held By Gene Englund And Dick Fisher
Chicago’s fencing squad will wander into town next Saturday to face the Boilermakers in the first match of the season. The festivities will get under way at 1:30 p. m. in the third floor of the Fieldhouse. Saturday’s match will be a little unusual in the fact that nine-men teams will take part. Usually there ^re but two matches in each of the three divisions, but in the fracas against the Maroons three men will be used. Chicago fencers have been rated as one of the best squads in the Big Ten for several years now, and wil) be out to~continue that reputation Illinois will furnish the jnext chunk of'competrtion when the Boilermakers journey to Champaign on February 8. The Riveter lineup for Saturday will include Tower, Burl, and Captain Wegener at foils; Reade, Soloff and Burl at epee; and Reade, MeConahay and Wegener in the sabers. r.a.a.
With the Big Ten’s scoring statistics in a slightly scrambled situation because of the difference in number of games played by the various contenders. Frosty Sprowl of the Boilermakers and Joe Stampf of Chicago seem to have at least a moral hold on t][ie top spot. Frosty and Joe have amassed 41 points in three games, and although they are trailing Wisconsin’s Gene Englund by 36 tallies their average of 13.6 points per game is high so far. "
Equals High Mark Dick Fisher, the Buckeyes’ spark plug forward, last week equalled the conference scoring mark for the year by dropping in 24 points to come up to equal terms with Hoosier Bill Menke. Fisher is resting in second place behind Gene Englund for the individual scoring honors, having scored 64 points in five games. Both Dick and Gene are eyeing the Big Ten record of 169 points set by Ohio State’s Jimmy Hull in 1939. To equal that mark, Englund must average 16.2 points per game from now on and Fisher has to connect for 14.8 tallies a contest. Ohio State paces the team scorers with an average of 47.2 points followed by Indiana with 47. Minnesota has garnered the best defensive average by only allowing their opponents 36.2 tallies a game. Badgers Idle The Wisconsin Badgers, who have really been setting a pace for them-
selves lately, have finally bumped into final examinations and won’t return to the hardwood wars until Feb. 10. 'The Badgers as a result of "their win over Ohio State last Saturday night have climbed into second place only one game behind the conference leading Hoosiers.
BIG Tim STANDINGS
Indiana Wisconsin Illinois Iowa Ohio State Minnesota Pardne Northwestern .. MichiKan Chicago
. W 3 6 ... 3 Z . . 3 3 1 1 ..... 1 ..... 0
Pts 141 264 176 128 336 isa 117 199 262 99
OP 107 219 164 124 209 176 137 226 287 146
SCORING I.BADERS
Englund, Wis Fisher, OSU Mandler, Mich. .... Sofiak, Mich. Clason, N.U Kotz, Wis Brogan, Mich D. Carlson, Minn. ... Evers, 111 Sprowl, Pur. Stampf, Chi
G FG FT 6 23 21 30 4 26 12 20 21 23 9 20 8 19 10 17 18 14 14 3 18 6 3 9 23
Gam
Pts Av 77 12.83 64 12.8 64 9.14 61 8.7
65 11.
48 8. 48 6.86 47 9.4 42 10.5 41 13.6 41 13.6
BASKETBALL—TODAY Court 1, H. Schwartz Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Kappa. Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Chi. Court 2, H. Young Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Acacia vs. Beta Theta Pi. Court 3, H. Goldstein Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Tau. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta. Court 4, C. H. Rechenbach Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi.
Reylon^s Middy Collar Famous Revton BfaUEnumei Oily Remover New"type AMeron* ALL VOB »oo
Such value ... and such chfel Three Revlon preparations—and that means tops in nail aids —in a miniature navy or red sailor coHar true to the last white star and stripe! That famous Nail Enamel, plus Remover, plus new-type Adheron which now contains Cholesterol (the best land of base coat to use under nail enamel), all combined to slip into your Southbound trunk or bureau drawer.
*Adhtron now contains Cholostorol, an Important substanca actually found In nails.
Jadti.
SAVE UP TO 25% ON YOUR SUPPLIES
Biology Supplies
Home Economics, Engmeermg
Supplies
1000 Spiral Note Books 9c each
PURDUE 5ff $1.00 STOREniursdoy* 7<auiary 2^, 1941
fiwubuL £xfamsi^
“IF A k K
; 4^ X'*>
Classified Ads
liMti—^Ladies Hamilton wrrist watch between Fidflionse and Union. Reward. Call 46098.
Notices
P.O.M.M. Members: Those who paid for keys may now set them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
\NSGA Adopts New pebmary Promises Riveter Trackmen
Lost: Cary Club pin on January 21. Reward. Call R. C. White. Tel. 2437. Lost: Female Scotty pup. Black and Brindle. Reward. Tel. 2762. Address, 288 Connol)^. FOR SAUB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. Ail makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and mdtigTaph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 277*. FOR RENT Far Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Berrlee. Cars for aU occashms. Min. %2JK all night. Phone 2407.
Personal Uving Students: Classes C, E, F are requested to pick up their notebooks by Saturday, February 1. After that date ail unclaimed notebooks will be destroyed. —EASTWOOD.
Radio Club: Meeting Thursday, January 30, at 7:80 p. m. in room 860 of the Electrical Engineering Building. J. A. Green will give a lecture-demonstration on loud-speaker testing. —REYNOLDS. Ag. Ed. Society; Meeting Thursday, January 80, at 7:30 p. m. in room 868 of the Union. —CONRAD.
Chem. 109, 110, 113, 126: Leave class schedules in room 210 of the Chemistry Building. Chem. 126 lecture will be held Friday, January 31, at 6 p. m. in room 320 of the Chemistry Building. —ELVING.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished room, twin beds, inner^pring mattresses, in new home. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 66001. Reasonable. Boys: Double room. Continuous hot water. $20. 844 West Oak St. Morgan.
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys for R. H. Weaver, C. G. Smith, R. Murril, R. R. Kraybill, E. E. McCracken, W. H. Kuhlman, P. E. Pontius, R. M. Thomi)3on, R. S. Sternberger at 27 Russell street. —CHAMBERS.
Girls: Attractive double room. Single be^. Breakfasts and dinners served if desider. Phone 2661. 212 Fowler.
Rooms For Rent: Cheerful modem double room. Single beds. Continuous hot water. $10 monthly. 117 Wiggins. Tel. 46801.
Union Workers: All freshmen interested in Student Union work and who want to work on the Book Exchange report to Joe Starek in the south ballroom as soon as possible. —HOFFER.
Wanted: Roommate for senior engineer. Newly furnished room, twin beds, innerspring mattresses; reasonable. 440 Wood St. Phone 66601.
P Men: All those with tickets turn them in at the west desk of Union or to me at the desk in front of Sweet Shop. —AXTON.
/. H. Hull
. . . general manager of the Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperatives, will speak at the Ag Education meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 363 of the Union. All student members and facolty members are invited to attend.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Playshop Members: Petitions for crew head positions for "Night Must Fall” are due before Saturday noon, February 1, at the Playshop office. —KECK.
McBeo’s Organic Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 129: Div. M, Saturday 9, Chem 421; Div. N, Thursday 2, Chem 421; Div. O, Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBEE.
Purdue Religious Council Peace Commit, tee: Meeting Friday, January 31, at 4 p. m. in room 48 of Union. Meeting is open to all interested in peace work —MOFFET.
Freshmen: All interested in being track managers report at the Fieldhouse track either Thursday or Friday, January 30-31, at 4 T5 p. m. —ALLEN.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting will be held on Thursday, January 30, at 4 p m. in the YWCA office. —BRYANT.
Scriveners: Receipt books outstanding must be turned into the office Saturday, February 1, between 1 and 4 p. m. or class cards and holders will be held up. —ALEXANDER
Title, Constitution; Effective Saturday After Saturday, the Women’s Self Governing Association will be known as the Associated Women Students as formerly voted upon at a mass meeting in December. In addition to the change in name there will be several changes in the constitution. Because the former name was misleading in that it implied that the organization was only a governing body, this new and more inclusive name was adopted. Besides officiating co-ed regulations the body has many other activities which include: helping the freshmen to become oriented; conducting a date bureau; presenting the May Day program; and bringing a vocational guidance conference to the campus. The constitution will undergo a few technical changes besides the change in name, and a copy is being sent to all women of the University. Similar organizations exist on other campuses and the name Associated Women Students is more frequently used. j.r. Christian Foundation Ptans Skating Party Purdue Christian Foundation will hold a skating party at 8:30 o’clock tomorrow evening. The group will meet at the Christian church for a period of recreation and refreshments and will leave for the Maple Point rink at 10 o’clock. Ted Wilson is in charge of the recreation while Richard Brand is in charge of transportation. A fee of 30 cents will be charged to cover the cost of refreshments and transportation. e.g.k.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, January 30, at 7:30 p m. in room 307 of Union. Visitors welcome. —LONG
University of Cincinnati recently received gifts totaling more than $43,000.
Keep a Neat Appearance Always . . . with onr FINE DRY CLEANING Confidence about personal appearance is the biggest factor in that “on-top-of-the-world” feeling. For “THAT WELL-BRED LOOK” Send us your suits, overcoats, sportswear, and formats—^for cleaning and pressing that keeps your clothes worthy of you. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OP FINE CLOTHED
USED and NEW Books and School Supplies COMPLETE STUDENT SUPPLY SERVICE Trade in your last semester’s books for this semester’s needs. (Cash if you prefer.) Deposit your money with ns for safe-keeping, free of charge. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Lots Of CompetifioR For Boilermakers
February may be the shortest month of the year, but it’s the busiest as far as intercollegiate’ compe-. tion for Purdue’s winter sports squads are concerned. In the short space of less than four weeks, the five Boilermaker squads will face a total of 29 dual intercollegiate engagements. Coach Claude Reeck’s Midwest A. A. U. wrestling champs will be the most active, being scheduled for eight encounters, followed by the basketball team with 7; swimming, 6; squash, 6, and track, 3. The complete schedule for the month follows: Basketball Feb. 1—^Indiana, here. Feb. 3—Illinois, here. Feb. 8—Chicago, here. Feb. 16—Ohio State, there. Feb. 17—Wisconsin, here. Feb. 22—Minnesota, there Feb. 24—Iowa, there. Wrestling Feb. 3—^Illinois State Normal, there. Feb. 7—Findlay College (Ohio), there. Feb. 8—Ohio State, there. Feb. 12—Cornell College, here. Feb. 16—^Northwestern, here. Feb. 22—^Northwestern, there. Feb. 24—Illinois, there. Feb. 26—Indiana, there. Swimming Feb. 1—Michigan State, there. Feb. 6—Illinois, here. Feb. 8—Ft. Wayne YMCA, here. Feb. 16—Chicago, here. Feb. 21—Ohio State, here. Feb. 22—State High School Meet, here. Feb. 26—Indiana, here Track Feb . 1—Chicago, there. Feb. 15—Illinois Relays. Feb. 21—Iowa, there. Squash Feb. 1—^Notre Dame, here. Fob. 8—Indianapolis A C., here. Feb. 16—Dearborn Squash Club (Chicago, 111.), there. Feb. 22—Pendennis Squash Club (Louisville, Ky., 2:30), there. Feb. 22—Winn-Stay Squash Club (Louis ville, Ky , 7:30), there. Playshop Petition Deadline Saturday Petitions for crew head positions for “Night Must Fall,” next Playshop production, may be turned in at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall before noon Saturday, February 1. Positions in construction, art, costumes, properties, lights, and make-up are open. On the petitions name, address, phone, and (Qualifications should be stated.' Designs for the production of “Night Must Fall” are being drawn up so that the construction crew can begin work next week. a.c.
To Meet Chicago In Dual Meet Saturday
Opening the indoor track season next Saturday, the Boilermaker cinder forces will journey to the Windy City to face Chicago in the Maroon’s Fieldhouse. The track festivities are due to get under way at 2:30 p. m. while the field events will start about half an hour earlier. Exams Limit Practice Exams have put a rather serious crimp in the Riveter’s practice endeavors as they enter their first meet of the season. Although the local lads have been working out indoors ever since Christmas, the week or two taken off for finals has not helped any in getting the Boilermakers into shape. Ineligibility has also bothered the Riveters, although it is not yet known just how bad the losses are going to be. However, there are more men out for the track squad now than at any other time. At the present, approximately 65 men are showing up for the practice sessions. New Ruling Aids Riveters One thing in the Boilermakers’ favor is the new conference ruling that includes the broad jump and low hurdles as indoor events. Rankin and Tycocki, both members of the present squad, won places in last year’s Big Ten outdoor meet in the above-mentioned events, r.a.a. Kraybill Speaks At AChS Meeting Dr. Henry Kraybill, state chemist and head of the University agricultural chemistry department, spoke on “The Chemistry and Utilization of Soybeans” at the meeting of the local section of the American Chemical Society in Stanley Coulter Hall last night. The lecture was preceded by a dinner in the Union. Dr. Kraybill has been on the University staff since 1926. He is a member of the executive committee of the Journal of Plant Physiology, the American Society of Physiologists and the Association of American Feed Control Officials, r.h.r.
Hunter college is offering a program of free public lectures on problems in economics and political science.
SdlRAlYTS CHOCOLATES
to thrill your Valentine
ST. VALENTINE’S DAY February 14th
Her heart will flutter with joy when she receives your Valentine Package o£ Schraflt’s Chocolates! We have Schratft^s delightful candies for your selection in heart-shaped and other beautiful Valentine boxes* 60fi to $1.50 a pound.
FREE ! !—YOUR HEART wrapped, packed and mailed. No charge — Second zone. DOiVT DELAY ^ ORDER TODAY We Guarantee Delivery
BOCKg-MfUrSIBBE *08-10 flAfE nWEtf WEST LAFAMfiTTE MB
(Continued front pagre 1) Perrine Astonishes
ranges of vibrations front 0-225 to 6400-7600. A special key operated with the left wrist controls the quality of the vocal sounds produced. By pressing this key the operator may change the speech sound from a whisper to quasi vocal chord sounds. A change of voltage on the grid changes the pitch of the speech and gives vocal inflection. “Mary’s Little Lamb” Dr. Perrine illustrated the formation of the vowel and consonant sounds from vibration combinations produced by pressing various combinations of the keys. The “Voder” electric brain opened its performance by first pronouncing five dollar words such as “extemporaneous” and “incomprehensibility.” Perrine then induced it to recite “Mary Had a Little Lamb.” After a successful recitation of the nursery rhyme, the machine recited three sentences that contain all of the sound combinations in the English language. It then rambled into a series of foreign expressions. In the best Parisian patois “Voder” asked if the audience spoke French. It also greeted the audience with a Spanish “How are you ?” and then gave a Harvard rendition of the opening sentence of Caesar’s Gallic Wars in Latin. Popeye The Sailor Man The operator, Mrs. Lombardi, turned a dial on the keyboard and by pressing the keys produced a Voder version of the basso-pro-fundo voice of Popeye singing the praises of a spinach diet. The electric brain was then made to mimic a young child and an dd man of ninety. Using a series of colored slides and various lighting effects, the AT&T executive illustrated the similarity of prodrwing color by electrical vibrations with the production of articulate speech sounds by the same means. Perrine then turned the show over to Mrs. Lombardi and the “Voder” voice. Sings “Sweet Adeline” In the best barbershop technique the machine sang “Sweet Adeline.” Bidding good evening to Dean Potter, master of ceremony for the convocation, the “electric brain” delivered a short oration of thanks to the University and the “EEsquared” (Electrical Enginerieng) School. The object of this research on the electric talking machine, explained Perrine, is to perfect a means of telegraphing telephone messages. Telephone communication today permits the sending of as many as 480 messages at one time over a two-wire coaxial cable system. Because of this great traffic over one system a wide electrical vibrating range must be used. The “Voder” machine does not employ telephone cables to send messages, but sends them by telegraph. These telegraphic vibrations produce telephonic sounds at the receiving station through the “Voder” machine. Today as many as 1200 words a minute may be sent over the same telegraph system. It is easy to see the advantages of sending telegraphic vibrations that produce articulate sounds over such a system. A slightly off-key, “Voder” rendition of “Hail Purdue” closed Dr. Perrine’s lecture. Previous to last night’s convocation Perrine explained the technical operation and theory of the electric brain at an AIEE meeting in Duncan Hall at 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon, d.t.b.
Singers from 16 states and two foreign countries make up the 118voice chapel choir at Carleton college.
SPECIAL! $5.00 SENIOR CORDS for only $3.9S Dewenter's 416 MAIN
t'
r