This Newapcqper Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Expon<ent
THURSDAY tX>o0in]bNir X1937 Ldfayette, htcRona VOL 49 Ho. 67
Wagnerians Will Sing At Musical, Convo Thursday Under thfe direction of Eichard U^igem&n, noted conductor and c6mposer, the Wagnerian Festival Singers will present a concert Thursday evening, December 9, at 8:00 in the Memorial Gymnasium, as the third musical convocation for the year. The Wagnerian Singers group is composed of such noteworthy vocalists as Hilda Konetzni, former Austrian woman swimming champion, soprano; Marta Krasova, contralto; Henk Noort, tenor; Joel Hergluhd, baritone; and Alexander Kipnis, basso. All have held operatic circles agog in their respective countries. Director Richard Hageman has spent 14 years as conductor with the Metropolitan Opera Company. In February of this year he conducted the American premiere of his own opera “Caponsacchi.” The music of Wagner, who was poet, philosopher, stagecraft genius, conductor, playwright, mythologist, and historian all in one, has been slowly but steadily gaining in public favor since his death in 1883, attd is now much in demand. A great amount of ‘this popularity gain is accredited to the facilities of the modern radio. This is the one hundred and twenty-fifth anniversary of Wagner’s birth. Freshman Military Students To Hear Health Lectures Regular Corps Day formations for the two-week period beginning Tuesday December 7 will be broken, as the freshmen military students will report to Eliza Fowler Hall for health lectures by Dr. F. R. Eastwood and Dr. S. J. Miller, both of the University stalf. At 11 o’clock Tuesday, December 7, all freshman military students of the third and fourth regiments will assemble in Eliza Fowler Hall and assume their “Y” hour formations. Dr. Miller will address the assemblage on “Venereal Diseases.” This procedure will be repeated with the first and second regiments on Thursday, December 9. Tuesday, December 14, and Thursday, December 16, the freshmen will again meet in Fowler Hall to hear a lecture on “Military Sanitation” by Dr. Eastwood. All seniors, juniors, "and sophomores, other than the Battery Commanders, who will be in charge of the students in Fowler Hall, will form in the Armory, as usual, for their 11 o’clock classes. Class Of 1938 May Exit Via Fieldhouse Possibilities of holding the 1938 commencement exercises in the Fieldhouse were discussed with President E. C. Elliott by the newly created Student Senate commencement committee recently. Bill Feldman committee chairman, outlined a plan for the exercises whicl^ he believes to have ^numerous advantages over previous ceremonies in the Armory. Before the plan may be used, it must be approved by the Senate and then be presented to the faculty commencement committee for final amendments. Union To Present Fifth Of Free Bridge Lessons J. L. Born, Lafayette bridge expert, will conduct the fifth in a series of free bridge lessons tonight at 7:30 in the game room of the Mo morial Union Building. “Trump Cdntracta” will be the eubjoet at the evening’s lesstm.
Exponent Reporter Finds Department Of Physics Cracked
By J. C. Woodson Th^ physics department is cracked! Not that we haven’t suspected it sort of half-heartedly all along, but now it’s definitely a proven fact. It can be seen with the naked optic—^aye, we’ll even go so far as to state that this glaring truth can be withheld from no one in possession of his ocular faculties. But to make a short story long, and qualify the few slanderous statements made above, here is the score and play by play in words of one syllable or less. It would seem that the effects of the recent additidn of the second floor to the Physics Building Annex havq begun to makp themselves known, taking the form of fissures in the brickwork in the northeast corner of the building. Although, according to the workman filling in the cracks with mortar yesterday afternoon, the foundation for the building was set 12 feet below ground level, the added weight of the new portion is causing the whole building to settle into the rather sandy earth beneath. The settling has, of course, been very gradual and gentle. Dr. LarkHorovitz, head of the physics department whose office is in that end of the building, knew nothing about the affair when reached late yesterday afternoon. Playshop Effects Near Perfection “I thought it would be raining!” was a repeated remark by the audience of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” leaving last night’s performance with its dramatic storm sound effects. Yesterday’s presentation set a record in near professional smoothness, both in acting and technical effects according to director H. Kenn Carmichael. Advance sales for this evening indicated the new GAO (General Admission Only) sign would be hung at the door before 7:15 o’clock, Patricia Heine, assistant in charge of the house, stated. The new Playshop slogan -will replace at Purdue the traditional SRO (standing room only) of the theatre. Concert Choir To Sing At Atnbia High Schooi Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, the University Concert Choir will present a variety program tonight for the Ambia High School at Ambia, where they will be dinner guests of the junior qlass preceding the performance. Tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock the choir will sing for the high school debate conference in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Build-
ing.
AIEE To Entertain Will Honor National President With Banquet
William H. Harrison, national president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, will be the guest of honor at a dinner meeting of the society tonight at 6:30 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The central Indiana section of the AIEE and the University and central Indiana sections of the ASME have been invited to attend. In 1933 Harrison was elected vice-president of Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania and Diamond State Telephone Company. He was later made a director and appointed to thb executive committee of those companies. Last February he was appointed assistant vicepresident of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Lecture to Follow Banquet Following the banquet honoring Harison, the group will adjourn at 8 p. m. to a joint meeting of the AIEE and ASME in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. At that place they will hear “Mechanical Measurements by Electrical Means,” an illustrated talk by C. M. Hathaway, on electrical devices for measuring thickness, stress, pressure, and strain, and the applications of these devices
William H. Harrison
in industry today. Hathaway, mechanical engineer in the General Engineering Laboratory of General Electric Company, will show the in-ter-relation existing between mechanical and electrical engineers. Admission to the lecture will be free, but a charge of one dollar will be made for the banquet.
WS6A Discusses Junior Admittance !o Marital Talks Whether junior girls should be admitted to marital lectures or not was one of the main issues discussed in the weekly meeting of the WSGA executive board last night. Heretofore, the lecture series, held during the second semester of each year, has been open to senior women only. Th,e board seemed to favor the new plan for junior admittance suggested by Dorothy Martenet, chairman of the marital
lectures.
Through recommendation to Dean Stratton by Jeanne Janousek, absentee excuses for freshmen and sophomore co-eds issued by house mothers, as well as health service excuses may be accepted by instructors if the faculty approves. Some difficulty in obtaining excuses from the health service after recovery from illness has been experienced. The board was of the opinion that junior and senior women with satisfactory grades should be allowed any number of class cuts, according to the present University ruling. Arrangements for the WSGA tfea for Union delegates, to be held today in rooms one and two of the Memorial Union, were completed.
College Union Conclave Officially Starts Today David E. Ross Addresses Informal Dinner; Pefertdfi And Bowlers Entertain Seventy-Six Delegates With 76 delegates registered at Sje’clock last night, the Association of College Unions swung into its eighteenth annual convention with a tour of the campus. The delegates visited the Executive Building, Fieldhouse, Men’s and Women’s Residence Halls, and the airport. / At 6 o’clock an informal dinner was held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Addressing the delegates, David E. Ross, chairman of the Board of Trustees of the University, said he had watched the Purdue Union grow. He offered the thought that college unions helped students learn how to get along with other people and to
PIA Plans Dance For All Members This Saturday “Boys right, Gii-ls left, dance with the person opposite you!” General confusion. Dancing couples in an everchanging pattern. It is a circle dance at the PIA tea dance next SaturdaJ^ afternoon—“Boys drop back three .. “There’s the blonde I see every day in front of the Recitation Building. Watch me <mt in!” exclaims the possessor of d broom during the broom dance. What a rat race! Such are the scenes at a tea dance that is a mixer in the strictest sense. The members of the National Convention of College Unions will be guests and g^irls are especially urged to come. Music for the affair will be supplied by “Suzy Q” Shinn and his 15 cohorts in rhythm. All fellows who expect to attend but do not have dates are'asked to register in the PIA office by Friday night. Campus Sororities Aid Red Cross Fund$ Drive All campus sororities have given 100 per cent cooperation to the Red Cross drive according to Mrs. R. B. Wiley, in charge of the subscriptions. Reports from the Residence Halls and the women’s clubs of West Lafayette have not yet been completed according to Mrs. Wiley.
Co-ed Votes Swamp Ballot Box
We are not accusing anyone of stuffing the ballot-box, BUT—^the way the Exponent straw vote for the Debris beauties now stands, it appears we have the unanimous choice of one sorority! Not that their votes aren’t appreciated; they are. But, if the poll is to determine the actual choice of the University, we must receive votes equally from all students, fraternal, sororal, and independent. Especially from the men. So if you are going to be gallant or sisterly and aid the girl who in your opinion is the gleaming flower in Purdue’s garden of co-eds, drop your vote in the Exponent box today. Saturday the actual selections will be made by ‘off-the-campus’ judges. Will the straw vote coincide with their decisions or will we be confronted 'with the horrible conclusion that Purdue students are not aware of the beauties in their midst ? Heaven forbid)
Purdue Exponent Institute Of Campus Opinion DEBRIS BEAUTY BALLOT Name Four In Order of Your Choice 1 2 3 ' 4 Yottf Name Siefiool and Class
learn “how far the other frog is going to jump.” ' Peterson Entertains After the dinner, the delegates were entertained by cue-artist Charles Peterson at a private exhibition, and a bowling match between a team of University students and a team from the University of Illinois. Today’s program is as follows: Morning 9:00—First official session, faculty lounge. 9:10—Preliminary report of a study of College Unions. 10:00—President E. C. Elliott. 10:30—Round table discussion of “Current Events and Problems of,College Unions”— Dr. Elliott, leader. 11:50—Luncheon, reception room. Afternoon 1:00—Official convention picture. 1:15—Second official session in the faculty lounge. 2:00—Appointment of special committees. 3:00—Special meeting of student delegates. 4:15—Tea by WSGA in honor of student delegates. 4:30 to 6:00—At home. Association President and Mrs. Vallely. 6:30—Informal dinner Tn faculty lounge. 8:30—Informal entertainment and motion pictures from other universities in tower room. Kizer Feeling Fine; Leaves For Tucson Athletic Director Noble Kizer, who is on leave to recuperate from a recent illness, is looking fine and is in great spirits, according to a letter to the Alumnus .office from Amerigo Giannini, CE ’34. Giannini is working with the state highway department of Albuquerque, N. M., and visited the Kizers just before they left for Tucson, Ariz. The climate was so cold at Albuquerque that Nobe couldn’t get out in the air enough, so he packed up and went to the Arizona city. Home Ec Students Plan Inspection Trip Prof. Laura Partch, director of the nursery school and Miss Helen Duff, assistant, will accompany a group of students studying Child Development on an inspection trip to Chicago tomorrow and Friday. The places to be visited will include: the Juvenile Court and Detention Home; Spalding School for Handicapped Children; Hull House; Children^ division of the Cook County Hospital; Speech Clinic; and Mary Crane, Chicago University ^and Garden Apartments Nursery Schools. The object of the trip is to demonstrate special phases of educational and remedial work with children. The students who will go are Dorothy Bryant, Rita Bush, Mary George, Florence Hester, Cue Holden, Lillie Knight, Marjorie Louis, Mary Alice Masters, Virginia Richards, Hariett Morris, Lillian Murphy, Elizabeth Painter, Lqrene Ristow, Mary L. Schafer, Rosemary Skinner, Emily Wuelfing, and Virginia Wakelam.
Managing Editor To Explain Exponent At Activity Meeting Ilustrating his talk with charts, official gripe sheets,” personnel blanks, ‘dogs,’ and office equipment, J. E. Brock, managing editor of the Exponent, will explain the work, opportunities, and rewards for staff members of Exponent in the opening session of the newly formed Union Activities Bureau this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the room adjoining the Union browsing room. L. A. Jacobson, Union vice-presi-dent in charge of the bureau, invites all persons whether University students or not, to attend these sessions which have been designed to inform students about the various campus activities. Every Tuesday and Thursday^ one or more of the activities will be explained, and between 4 and 6:30 o’clock every weekday, the Activities Bureau will be open with someone present to give advice to any student interested in campus activities. Ags Set Date For Christmas Party Announcement was made today by H. S. Heckard that the All-Ag Christmas party will be held Saturday evening, December 18, in the Memorial Union Building. Committees have been gippointed and details of the program will be announced later. party, which has been an annual affair for many years, is attended by staff members of the Agricultural Experiment Station, the department of agricultural extension, and the school of agriculture and their wives:'This yeaz’s party promises many entertaining features, according to Geneial Chairman Heckard. Heckard announced the following committee Chairmen: N. W. Butterfield, decorations; E. L. Butz, finance; Inez Kent, refreshments; G. E. Lehker, invitations; and Heckard, program. Winterowd Issues New Book To Aid Colledors “Why Collect Books” is the title of a small booklet published for W. H. Winterowd by R. R. Donnelley and Sons of Chicago. The booklet is of particular interest to those senior book collectors who hope to enter their libraries in the annual Winterowd library contest. We Beg Your Pirdon In yesterday’s Exponent, M. A. Schreyer’s name was unintentionally omitted from the list of Gala Week candidates. He is running on the All-Campus party ticket. Also, Bona Fide parl^ Gala Week candidate H, I. Slone’s name and initials were incorrectly givmi as H.C. Slone. Rlatfornjts of not mote than 236 words in Iwgth, f^ Gala Week pafh ties must be turned in at t^ Etpon^Ai office by 3 o’^ock tdingkt for puMieation in Mrt-r^S-
m
w;:. m
THE PmtDUE EXPONENT
Thuntdoy'* DecembarX 1937
Exponent Readers
may think the staff of this p^r is made up of revolutionary journalists, or even of pseudo-journalists who don’t quite know what they are doing, but we have an idea of what we’re working forward to and once we get make-up and newswriting principles pretty well established to our own liking, we will settle down ... just a little. Exponent, in all its new styles of banner, make-up, and newswriting, is striving for both simplicity and attractiveness in typographical appearance and for readability in news story style and presentatibn. Any changes we make are ones that we think will find use in newspapers of the future. Of course, we make mistakes occasionally. New type faces were obtained for use in Exponent headlines this summer and since our Old English banner did not fit in particularly well from a typographical viewpoint, we designed a new “streamlined” banner. The banner was different all right and it attracted considerable attention, but after the novelty wore off we decided it looked a bit confusing. So we adopted a more simple form. We decided this fall to discard most of the newspaper traditions which had become traditions merely because no one had taken the trouble to change them and not because of , their merits in appearance and readability. Our standards now for judging style in headline writing and in news presentation are: Is it pleasing in appearance? Does it read well? Will it save time for our readers? We believe our staff is learning more about newspaper writing and make-up this year than previously merely because the members are exercising their own jud^ent more. Instead of using a certain headline or news story form on the basis that someone has used it before, the fellows are trying to find reasons for their choice, In previous years we had posted on our office bulletin board a schedule of headlines showing uses of each and of their combinations. This year we tacked up no such schedule. Our junior and sophomore editors select headline forms and plan make-ups they think
the Purdue Exponent
M JHBER ^socmted ttbUeotate 'Jlrres ’' ■'„ w«u»Mtn^(Soiled
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirress of Mar^ 3, 1879, and at the speciai rate of fiostase provided for in section 1108, act of Ofet 8, 1917, authoriaed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during; the resmlar academic year and weekly during; the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
aaeRESBNTED FOR HRTIONAL ADVERTIBINO BY National AdvertlsingService, Inc. College Publishers Reitresentatioe 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO . BOSTOH ■ LOS AHOELES - SAH FRARCIBCO MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana
Bu
Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6088
UNION OFFICE '
Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Bnsiness Htanager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor........— — J. Associate Editors.... —D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager..... ... J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager — ....W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager _.R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor .... ......Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin l^lly McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor.... - R* P- Obenchaln Associate Editors...* .'...—J. S.. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-ih-^ief.
Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Barker Thursday, December 2, 1937
will look and read well, “It has been done before” is no longer a valid excuse for deciding journalistic questions. As we said, fewer changes will occur in the Exponent during the remainder of the year We shall never stop making changes, however, which we believe will help make the paper more readable.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley “A new word a day keeps the low grades away, or at any rate farther off!” According to the Stevens Institute in Hoboken, the simple device of improving one’s vocabulary approached the magic formula for winning high marks in college. This theory is apparently proved by actual tests of the same students over a period of two years. “Those men who took pains dur ing their freshman year to improve the accuracy of their knowledge of the English language,” Pi’esident Harvey N. Davis reported, “were thereby enabled to do relatively better work in all of their sophomore courses than their fellow classmen did. “Those who improved most in vo cabulary averaged three or four places nearer the top of their class
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. HELEN BRODERICK VICTOR MOORE In “MEET TECE MISSUS” —and— TOM TYLER
“SANTA FE BOUND” First Episode of “DICK TRACY” -plusmusical CARTOON
during their sophomore year than during their freshman year. Conversely, all men who did not improve at all in vocabulary averaged 7.5 places nearer the bottom of their class during the sophomore year.”
All freshmen co-eds who matriculate at the University of Pittsburgh are presented with “The Pit-
Starts Today DOUBLE FEATURE
Sings Again f
\ iOSBYBRlill V W ..vKACII DAVtlMilB \
iwBASILMTHMHIE
MAICEA WISH"
with
MARION aAlRE
HENRY ARMETTA RALPH FORBES LEON ERROL DONALD MEEK HERBERT RAWLINSONi LEONID KINSKEY
-PLUS
DOUG. FAIRBANKS, JR.
In a story of electrifying romance and high voltage excitement!
WHEN THIEF MEETS THIEF
with Valerie Hobson Alan Hale
also Mickey Mouse
1$ Episodes || n Starts Thursday
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat. of Each Week
tiquette,” a booklet of collegiate etiquette. The first-year girls are informed that “blind dates” are taboo—along with loud talking, conspicuous gumchcA^ng, smoking in corridors, on street, in automobiles, and on the dance floor. Likewise they are cautioned against being held too closely while dancing, dancing too quickly, and shuffling too slowly. They are fur ther warned to “think of your appearance and concentrate on man^ aging Homer.”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
They tell us it’s BONA-FIDE stuff that ALL-CAMPUS will get a SQUARE DEAL in Prom elections this year.
If the Debris can have a beauty contest, so can this column. Seein’ as how Elhinger and his cohorts are considering only wimmin . . . we’ll consider only men.
What we want is the perfect male specimen. Send in your nomiriations to Bold and Black in care of the Exponent . . . here’s a chance for you co-eds to unsuppress your suppressed desires.
ik.
Tabulations will be printed daily just to let you know how the poll is coming along. We’ll offer an additional service to co-eds . . . furnishing phone numbers, introductions, . etc., to the male “beauties.”
Just from the looks of things, the gals who win the Exponent-Debris beauty poll will be gals whose sorority sisters can grab the most papers. Ja’ever see so many papers laying around with holes torn in em ?
To finish this thing we’ll let you scan through a contrib we thought a bit too good to throw in the wastebasket—
the
SIMILES FOR 1937: As happy as Joe Miner in
Blazer.
As snappy as the Sextop sisters in a swing routine. As fishy as the boys who visit the Chi O house. As slinky as Sadler, the snake. As joyful as “Joe” Shoemaker, when Purdue plays Fordham. As foolish as Winnie Gregory’s using kiss-proof lipstick. As improbable as Bill Smith smo king any of his political Prom sto-
gies.
As flighty as J. “Dempsey” Baker
Today — Fri. — Sat.
REVELATION IN entehtainment.
A brand-new type of story by the authors of “Boy Meets Girl"...comedy, songs, the most photographed girls in the world, dancing, romance ... and it's all in the dazzling Advanced TECHNICOLOR I
BAXTER BENNETT OFifnii"
IN TECHNICOLOR wi(A. Helen VINSON • lUscba AOEB
Alan MOWBBAT • Jeiome COWAN tuid th« lamoua WALTEB WANGEB UODBLI Releetea thru UNITED ARTiaTt
■
“You really ought to throw a big party, Emily—it isn’t as if you had a birthday EVERY year!”
giving a political stump speech. As stsrmied as Sheets and Putze trying to scare up lodging for delegates to the Union cbnvention. As cherubic as Betty McKee’s “Howyall.” As crazy as the damn fools that spend their time thinking up stuff like this. As dopey as Dilts after .... As spirited as Stubby Meier working up a yell. As official as Schenk passing out Beech-Nut. As soon as I quit this we’ll all be happy.
Maybe he’s got something in that last remark.
EE's Will Show Corona Effed In Air Tonight
Immediately preceding the AIEE meeting a demonstration of the phenomenon of corona in air will be given on the high voltage experimental transmission line in the rear of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:46 tonight. The experimental line, 1,250 feet in length and utilizing large size aluminum conductors wrapped on a central cable, will be energized to 600,000 volts. The spectacular display will be of interest to those attending the AIEE meeting, to students and to the general public.
Today — Fri. — Sat.
YESTERDir
The Bis Shot off Crimol
lost a numbor *Tho Rock’l
ALCATRAl ISLAND
AAother liot*from«tlie«head> Vam aooop for WARNER BROS, with ANN SHERIDAN JOHN LITEL
SO you won’t have to!
Without repeater tubes, which amplify voice currents every 50 miles, telephony over very great distances would hardly be possible. G, Incidentally, the telephone repeater tube was one of the first applications of the vacuum tube principle, which now makes it possible for you to talk across the continent as easily as just around the comer. G. Changing needs call for continuous telephone research to make your service more and more valuable.
- /f
Why not ceM Mother or Dad tonight? Rggte* to moU pointe ore toieeat after 7P*M, and oil day Sunday,Thurtedtiy. December 2,1937
THE MIBDOE EXPONENT
Lambert Reduces Fresh Net Squad To Fifty-Eight Men When Coach “Dutch” Fehring took over his duties of freshman basketball mentor this week, he found that 68 of the original 125 freshmen out for basketball had survived “Piggy” Lambert’s several cuts. “Dutch” plans to make a few cuts himself in the near future so that by Christmas vacation only 30 men will be reporting. Of this last group only 18 srtaen will be selected to wear the coveted “41” numerals. Because of the Big Ten ruling which states that no inter-collegi-ate games can be scheduled for the
Sigma Delta Psi To Hold Events Today All indoor events of Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary fraternity, are scheduled to be, run oif this afternoon in the front balcony of the new gymnasium. All new indoor equipment will be available for the candidates. Among the scheduled events are handstand, handspring, bar vault, and rope climb.
freshmen, the Reamer Club, independent athletic booster organization, has arranged for several intersquad games to be played as preliminary tilts to the varsity home games.
Christmas PLANTS You’ll want Christmas atmosphere in your home, and you’ll delight in spreading the holiday spirit among your friends. The simplest and finest way of promoting Yuletide atmosphere is with Christmas flowers. Our supply of poinsettia plants, rings, calendula, and other flowers will give you the Christmas idea. All genuine calart artificial flowers.
Poinsettia Plants Lovely, colorful, gay plants that are symbols of Christnas. As low as
$1.00
DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
You can be assured that yOur Week-end Guest will appreciate a room reserved for her in the Union Club She will be thoroughly pleased with the Perfect Service as well as the Refined Atmosphere
JhsL fijuAdus, TnsnufdaL Union. Corner of the Campu^Yet the Center of Activities
Frosh-Varsity Tilt To Give Local Fans '38 Team Preview Local basketball fans will have their first opportunity of the year to view both varsity and freshman basketbal squads in action Wednesday night, December 8^ when the two squads tangle in their annual encounter. Sponsored by Reamer Club, it will be the first basketball game to be held in the Pieldhouse and will serve as a preview of the 1937-38 edition of the Boilermaker basketball team which will be fighting to regain the Big Ten championship. Call Game At 7:30 The game will be called at 7:30 o’clock and the annual GimletReamer grudge battle will be held between halves. This game ended in a 99-99 triple-overtime tie last year. All types of freakish “uniforms” will be worn by members of the athletic booster organizations as Lem Brown and Malcolm Ross, presidents of Gimlet and Reamer, respectively, promised last night that their organizations would be suitably bedecked. Tickets for the games may be obtained from Reamer -Club members, from the Union desk, from Deac’s, Decker’s ,and Southworth’s, and are priced at 25 cents each. June Lippert, HE ’37 Gets WRH Staff Position June Lippert, HE ’37, has recently been added to the WRH staff in the capacity of assistant dietician. June graduated from the University last year in the institutional management department, and is now working for her master’s degree.
G.B. Collins To Talk At Physics Seminar Prof. G. B. Collins of Notre Dame will address the physics seminar tonight at 7:30 in the Physics Building on high voltage production by electrostatic generators and production of light by fast electrons.' Professor Collins, a graduate of John Hopkins University, has been experimenting with the passage of fast electrons through different materials. In passing the electron, produces light, which can be observed photographically. This new effect was first discovered in Russia, but only qualitatively. By refining the technique Dr. Collins has been 'able ^o observe quantitatively results Which indicate that the production of light in this process is different from light jiroduction known so far.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and minieograph work. C. P. Ehershoff, $05 Main street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $6.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
FOR SALE — Conn wood-wind clarinet in excellent condition. Call French, 41591. LOST—^One pair bla^dress shoes in new gym Mondaiyf Call 66104, Milner. /
FOUND—Ri,r:g containing s6veral keys; about >fovember 15. Call the Pharmacv/Onilding, 6251.
IntramuTci^
Basketball —^Today<— COURT 1—Reinke, referee. 7:00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 12. 7:15—Ward 3 vs. Ward 2X. 8:25—Ward 2 vs. Ward 8. 8:40—Ward 10 vs. Ward 9. COURT 2—Referee, Juillard. 7:00—Ward 5 vs. Ward 6. 7:15—Ward 14 vs. Ward 11. 8:25—Ward lOX vs. Ward llA. 8:40—Ward 7X vs. Ward 1. COURT 3—Igney, referee. 7:00—Ward 17 vs. Ward 17X. . 7:15—Ward 4 vs. Ward IIB. 8:25—Ward 13B vs. Ward IIX.
mg^ CLEAN COMFORTABLE Rop^—^Ideal for 1 or 2 students. '^ar car line. Gentlemen prefered. !$3.00 single, $4.50 double. 615 South 26th street.
REDUCED PARES TO YOUR HOME! SPECIAL STUDENT RATES. BE HOME IN A MATTER OF HOURS—FLY! The Purdue Special leaving Indianapolis on Saturday, December 18, at 5 p. m. Returning Sunday afternoon, January 2, 1938. Equipment: A new TWA 21-passenger Douglas Skyclub. To the West: Sleeper service from Indianapolis to the West Coast. Also direct service to the north and south. Information and reservations. Call Bud Skinner— 2876.
LOST—Square end, orange, Shaeffer fountain pen. Reward. Phone 71061. Lawrence Hess.
Lafayette, Ind.
Billiard Artist To Give Exhibition Of Fancy Shots In Union Game Room This Evening
In his role of “the world’s chief propagandist of billiards,” Charles C. Peterson, fancy shot artist, will again make his appearance tonight in the game room of the Memorial Union to lecture and exhibit his prowess in billiards before the students and faculty. His appearance is expressive of the increased interest which has been shown toward billiards by university students all over the country. Approximately luu colleges, universities, and high-ranking military schools have gone billiards-minded during the past six years, taking up the green cloth sport as a regular portion of their sport curriculum. Peterson is on tour among these schools as an exhibitor and instructor, furthering the cause of billiards
as an intercollegiate sport. Fancy Shot Artist Peterson's prowess in the field of spectacular billiards playing has been marked by a series of records which include achievements in both fancy shots and straight billiards. He holds the world’s record of making 100 points in 26 seconds, and has run a total of 12,246 points on an average of 100 points in 47 seconds. While making an exhibition of playing billiards in an airplane, he balanced one billiard bail;on top of another, as well as making 160 points in 47 seconds and 88 billiard points in the center of the table, when the ship was tilted at a .33 degree angle.
PHONE 5927 ALE WORK GUARANTEED DEPENDABLE AUTO SERVICE B. & B. AUTO CO.
17 Years at 211 E. State St
G. C. BODKIN, Mgr.
West Lafayette, Ind.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Show Her You’re Tops
When planning to go to a formal, show her your heart is in the right place-;-and give her the biggest and best corsage you can. You’ll find the choice flowers in our shop. Dorner’s
THEN HE CHANGED TO HART-SCHAFFNER & MARX CLOTHES
500 MAIN ST.Tims ^UfilOtlE EXPONEMt
Thursday. Doceittber 2* 1937
Beeman To Conduct HE Panel Discussion Maigaiet E Beeman of the Home Economics staff will lead a panel discusbion on planning and equipping model kitchens, at a meeting of the home economics section of the Puidue Women’s Club, to be held in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building at 2 30 p ni today Others taking pait m the discussion will be Dean Maiy L Matthews, Gail M Redfield Mis E J Shep paid and Mis T K Cowden Ma teiials foi the finishing of kitchens, and equipment foi modem kitchens will be exhibited
2 from 7 SO to 8 30 Tnton Club swim at 8 SO —SHEWALTEIl. Cosmopolitan CInb: Meeting in room C of Union December 8 at 7 16 p m —CARACCIOLO All Campus Orsanizations Those intei ested in forming an inter-organization bas ketball league please send a representative to room B o fthe Union Building December 3 after 4 o clock —STEINBACH
Jakes Gabler and Bryaht vs Dunwoddy and lleverda —JENKINS
Notices No Koi 3 c pled Aft r 8 p m
Senior Mechanicals Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16 For particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building —YOUNG Gimlet Formal initiation postponed until later date —BROWN
WAA Swimming Open swim December
Victor Release
• 25713 HOW MANY RHYMES CAN YOU GET’ FAREWELL MY LOVE Guy Lombaido • 25711 CAN’T TEACH MY OLD HEART NEW TRICKS Benny Goodman Oichestia SILHOUETTED IN THE MOONLIGHT Benny Goodman Tiio • 25707 ABBA DABBA THE CAMPBELLS ARE SWINGIN’ Larry Clinton and Oi chesti a • 25712 WHAT WILL I DO IN THE MORNING’ HOW YA BABY’ “Fats” Wallei and his Rhythm • 25655 LeDOUX CABOULOT SI MON COEUR POUVAIT TE DIRE Jean Savlon, Baiitone
’^•cordl
McLean Music Co. main BT UIFAYETTB
Union Sophomore Wdrkcrs Our committees will meet at 4 p m December 2 in the woi kshop TAYLOR MILLHOLLAND
YWCA Cabinet Meeting at 4 p m December 2 in the office —BRYANT Purdue Riding Club Important meeting December 2 at 7 30 p m in room D of the Union Building —SUMMERS WAA Deck Tennis Doubles These games must be played at 4 p m December 3 Cly mer and Stickler vs Campbell andVandi vei Maier and Blank vs Simpson and
Kappa Delta Pi Regular meeting in room A of the Union Building at 7 p m December 2 All members are urged to be present —BYRD PIA Dance Class Beginning class at 4 p Tn December 2 will be held in the Union ballroom The 7 30 class will be held Dec 2 in the Wortien s Gym Advanced dance class will be held in the Women s Gym at 7 30 p m December 6 —CLYMER YWCA Settlement House All girls interested in doing Settlement House work cal) 2926 —BROWN
tude Test will be given on December 8 At 3 p m in room 6, Educational Building Students who have taken the premedical course are required to take this teat before entering medical school —REMMERS
sard, M Drewery vs J Davison, M J SeftM Court 8—J OurAnd, J Chandler v8 D Newman Z Blank Court 6—J Wieahaar, M Hoover vs H Stanley J Sutherhn —BLANK
Ping Pong These games must be played off by noon December 4 In the gym—L Voelkle vs A Gauger M Shroeder vs S Bauten L Petersen vs H Muterspaugh In the WRH—E Boyd vs R Haupth C Sebast vs M McKnight D Bates vs D Hendrickson —BLANK Shuffletioard I he following will play evening of December 3 Court 1—R Gos
Union Sophomore Workers My committee will meet in room F at 4 p m Decembei 2 Important —JACOBSON
WAA Volley Ball—Thursday December 2 at 4 00 p m in large gymnasium Ward 3 vs Streamliners In small gymnasium at 4 00 Chi Omega’s vs Pedalions At 4 30 in large gymnasium WRH North vs Collegianna’s In small gymnasium, Ward 2, vs
Pepsters
-RODERICK
All Union Sophomore Workers: Come to Union office as soon after 2pm December 2 as possible Rlenty of work —JACOBSOl^ Free Bridge All those taking the free bridge lessohs in the game room please bte present December 2 at 7 30 . . —MATTttEWS Society of Automotive Engineers* Important meeting December 2 at 4 p m in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Build—VANDERFORD
Men’s Glee Club Rehearsal December 3 at 4 p m —PHILLIPS All Exponent Co ed Staff Meet in Union Exponent office at 4 p m December 7 —PYKE
Premedical Students The Medical Apti
An illuminating bit of column chatter fiom the Dailv Californian definies an “Ivy College’ as “one of those tradition soaked vine stiung campuses spotted along the loute from New Yawk to Bankok, Maine Included in the chain aie Harvard Yale, Princeton Dart rrrouth and several other outposts of the socially elect ’
Glider Club Decembei 2 is the deadline for pictures See me foi orders —MORGAN Foresters Forestry Club keys are avail able until December 5 —YOUNG Gilder Club Meeting m room B of the Union Building December 2 at 7 30 p m —MOORE Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting December ^ at ^ 30 p m in room A of the Memo iial Union Building —RANDALL
Service Directory
— Bookstores SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for « College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR HAROLD J RISK DR. ROBERT G RISK BB LUTHER A RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M, IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 AFTER OTHERS FAIL TRY QUILLAR T. SMITH PODIATRIST Specialize in Corns, Bunions and Ingrown Toe Nails EXAMINATIONS FREE ‘ LIMP IN AND WALK OUT ’ Office Hours 8 30 A M to 6 P M Office 625 Main St Phone 7727 Residence 1126 N 15th Phone 36781 — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowerg Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Pnrdaa Staianta. 527 Main Phone S4S2 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sta. —Taxi Service-—-’The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
— Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairiiia Knife and Scissor Grinding New L C N and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 Sute-Main, IF. L.
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Printing-
Office StsHoneiy n P Wedding invitatlont PHONE ■ Sole. Book,. Elc . 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY — Jewelry R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office —Auto Rental— ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St. —Barbers — MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS" —Real Estate— Administrator’s Sale LOT AND HOUSE Located at 229 Littleton St, W L. Frontage 108 Feet Inquire of M F GRADY, Admr. 618 Ferry St. Phone 75553 — Dine — JiusHiA, DINE * DANCi AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbaigh Road — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
flowers for all Formal Occasions ^lahk, J-JkruiL (^o. Phone 5432 527 Main Street
‘7 never had a garment damaged hy moths, but I like the idea,” says one of our custoifiers. He likes the protection MONITE moth-proofing at Crown gives his wool garments. Clothes Crown cleaned and pressed are insured against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE.
Roro ummy
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
MAKE THIS A SILVERTONE RADIO
8-Tube-All-Wave Set With “Push-O-Matic” Tuning $3995 $4.00 Down $5 a Month Plus Small Carrying Charge
“Push-O-Matic"' All wave reception . . . foreign and Amen can short wave . . . synchronized tone control . . . new type easy-tune dial drive, with edge-lighted glass dial. Modern cabinet . . top and instrument panel of figured walnut.
Use our Xmas layaway plan
5-Tubes! Enclosed Case! 4-Star Value!
$1500
THE SEASON’S BEST BUY
Black moulded case—completely enclosed. 5 powerful tubes ... 7 tube performance . . . self-contained aerial . . . advanced 1938 superheterodyne circuit.
In “Modern Plastics” Competition Tbis Set Won 1st Prize!
IDEAL FOR STUDENT ROOMS
More beautiful . . . more modern . . . than any midget radio ever was before! It’s an all-around beauty!
Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 4039
1
a)
try