*>• ^ ^*'^‘i^^f *f''^
Rural leaders gather for national conference. Program on front page.
'ponenf
Jacgufline Coehraii makes hobby P^y; hear about it at Feminine
Futures.
m jQw/y Swc^
Volume 52, No. 51
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, November 7, 1940
Army Flying Cadet Board Approves 22 For Air Corps School
Woman Aviator Mixes Flying^ Profession
5 University Students Selected For Training
Closing an eight day session o^ the University campus, the Army Ulying Cadet Examining Board announced that an unusually high percentage of applicants for appointment to the Air Corps’ flying schools had met approval here. Of 48 examined, 22 were passed, five of whom are University students. They are: Earl L. Yancey, Weston M. Lennox, ME '42, John L. Wolford, ME ’43, Eichard F. Sturges, EE ’43, Francis E. Eeagan, Sc ’42, Phillip J. Pfops, Edward A. Ferrucci, Franklin E. Kuhn, ME ’42, Donald B. Hope and James E. Minton, all of Lafayette or students at the University; Harry B. Messick, Jr. and Paul A. Fleury, of Indianapolis; James W. Johnson, Crawfordsville; Eobert 0. Denny and Verhon H. Broertjes, of Bloomington; Maynard E. White, Bristol; Leonard W. England, Hobart; John M. Eutledge, Elwood; James D. Chadwick, New Eichmond; John J. Elliott, Cincinnati, 0.; Phillip D. Freeman, Columbus, O., and John W. Kline, Zanesville, O.
One More Hurdle Several of the applicants who passed the board here still have one more hurdle to clear before they can be appointed as cadets in the West Point of the Air at Kelly Field, Tex. Lacking the required two years of college work, they will be obliged to take^ a written educational examination. Scheduled for a location calculated to be as convenient as possible for the greatest number of Indiana applicants, the next written examination to be held under the supervision of this particular board will be given in room 620 of the Federal Building in Indianapolis starting on Tuesday, No-*! vember 12. The examination will extend over three days. The same examination will be given simultaneously at nearly 100 other locations throughout the country. Each cadet-to-be must pass a rigid physical examination. Follojving its departure from Lafayette yesterday, this traveling board will be established in Indianapolis for about eight days and Hdll then move on to other locations in Indiana and Ohio. While it is possible that this board will return to Lafayette some time after the first of the year, no definite date has yet been scheduled.
Jacqueline Cochran
back and forth across the continent, andJbecause of the time element she usually flies. In the past two months she has flown over 10,000 miles. She IS also an active member of several flying clubs, including Air Youth of America and the 99 Club of Licensed Women Pilots. Born in Pensacola, Fla., she is now living in New York City. Miss Cochran will conclude the vocational conference to be held on the campus Wednesday, November 13^ with an informal talk on her absorbing work and hobby. The conference is sponsored by WSGA and other women’s campus organizations.
Muriel McFarland
... of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak at the luncheon meeting of the department of home economics of the Noithern Kentucky Education Association tomorrow in Newport, Ky.
Co-eds Have Chance To Trade Places
With Best Beaux At Gdd Diggers Ball
By Ed Kieper Tomorrow night is the night for^ co-eds on this campus to cinch a date for the Military Ball by asking their favorite men to the Gold Diggers ball. Of course, if a co-ed finds that someone has already dated her best beau, there is nothing to stop her from asking her second best; she doesn’t have to tell him what he rates. Defenseless Men Can’t you just imagine a big, strong man expecting that goodnight kiss as the girl moves closer and closer and holds him tighter and tighter. Suddenly, instead of kissing him, she whispers, “Darling, are you going to take me to the Military Ball?” What answer could the poor defenseless male give but, “Yes, my love,” or something to that effect? Gold Higgers is one of the few times that the men and co-eds get a chance to change places for one night. For once the co-eds have to foot the bills, supply the transportation, carry the cigarettes and va-
rious implements of personal ap-
pearance such as combs, toothbrush, razor, pipe, and overnight bag that men find indispensable. Naturally the gals also get a
1000 From Over Nation To Register For Country Life Association Forum
By Jean Horr Where do hobbies get you? Frequently a hooby will lead into a permanent position or at least get you off to a good start. Jacqueline Cochran, America’s well-known business woman, has combined both business and pleasure in her career. As owner and manufacturer of the Jacqueline Cochran Cosmetics company she well deserves to be selected by American women as one of the outstanding career women of today. Miss Cochran took up flying as a hobby eight years ago. In 1938 she took first place in the Bendix Transcontinental Air Eace and the year preceding that she placed third. Miss Cochran’s business takes her
President Elliott Will Give Welcoming Address At General Session This Evening
Over 400 rural leaders representing 30 states registered yesterday and approximiately 600 more are expected to register thiS^moming froia 7 to 8 o’clock in the Union for the national rural forum sponsored by the American Country Life Association. “Building Rural Communities” is the theme of the four day conclave which opened on the campus yesterday afternoon and will continue through Saturday. Yesterday afternoon at the Theological and Agriculture Colleges’ section of the forum, over which Dr. D. E. Lindstrom, of the University of Illinois presided,
a motion that regulates thd entrance of ministers into the rural field was discussed. The motion provides that theological school graduates who wish to enter the field of rural ministry must complete at least one year of basic studi^es in an agriculture college if from a rural community, or two years of study if from an urban community.
WSGA Changes Name; Outlines Votational Guidance Program
Gwinn Presides
Ealph W. Gwinn of the Christian Eural Life Council will preside over today’s sessions of that group in cooperation with the Christian Eural Fellowship.
An afternoon session of today’s forum will convene at 2 o’clock in the West Lafayette Methodist church. Authorities on rural religious needs will discuss the church in rural life at the meeting. President E. C. Elliott will deliver a welcoming address to the forum this evening at the opening general session at 8 o’clock in the Music Hall. Murray D. Lincoln, Ohio Farm Bureau, will preside over the meeting and |till introduce the president. Tomorrow’s Highlight Eural youth, country and community planning, agricultural programs and community work will form the nucleus for tomorrow’s meetings. An address by Luigi G. Ligutti of 4;he National Catholic Life conference on “Spiritual Aspects of Eural Community Building” at the closipg session at 8 p. m. will be the highlight of tomorrow’s program.
Saturday meetings will consist of discussions on rural elementary education, rural high schools and art and dramatic expression for lural children and youth. In the afternoon folk dance demonstrations and a round table discussion on “Books in the Eural School and Community” will be presented in Fowler Hall and the Union.
At a mass meeting of all women students held yesterday afternoon a revision of the constitution of the Wojnen’s Self Government Association was adopted which changed the name of the organization to Associated Women Students of Purdue. Paula Zwierlein, president of the organization, explained that due to the widening of the scope of activities carried on by the organization the change was deemed necessary. The association was founded in 1928 under the name of the Purdue Girls’ club, and four years later the name Women’s Self Government Association was adopted. The constitution was further revised to provide for freshman representatives on the judicial board. There were also changes made in the organization of the judicial board and the method of selection of candidates for election. The revised constitution will become effective February 1. Following the voting, Joyce Burnham, WSGA vice president, outlined the program for the coming vocational guidance conference, explaining that co-eds will be excused from classes on Wednesday to attend the sessions of the conference. The meeting was concluded with a comical skit on the typical Gold Diggers date. Pat Frigge and Jim Murphy portrayed the parts of the typical campus co-ed and man. r.h r.
chance to pace the floor for a half an hour while the prune argues with his roommate if he should wear a blue or green tie. Will she feel out of place as first one fellow and then another comes down those stairs, but no sign of her date ? Corsages Needed The dance is to be semi-formal so that it will be necessary for the girl to supply a corsage. In previous year's many original ones have turned up such as lollypops, onions, weeds and other assorted vegetables. The transportation problem usually shows that the women on this campus are very thoughtful. Vehicles such as state police cars, moving vans, motorcycles and bicycles are used. There is no limit to the trouble some of these gals go to to make the dance a riotous success. To Choose King At the dance proper, the men will compete for the great title of “Most Eligible Bachelor,” then the co-ed can brag that she had a date with a king just as the boys claim that they had a date with a queen. As for the sorrow of the dance, the price is just one dollar. Tickets are on sale at the residence halls, ' sororities and at the Union desk.
A social hour and tea in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 4 p. m.»>and a “Community Nite” of old time dances and entertainments by local groups in the North ballroom at 8 p. m. will act as a climax for the activities of the national rural forum conference on the campus. d.t.b.
Annual Three Day Horticulture Show Opens Tomorrow
Camera Club Exhibit Deadiine Tonight At 5
Deadline for turning in pictures for the annual Camera club fall exhibit will be tonight at 6 o’clock. Students who have work started on their exhibits are, urged to finish them before the deadline.
Entrants may turn in one or more photos, but no more than one prize will be awarded any one contestant. All work, except the development of the negatives,'must be done by the contestants. Prints should be turned in to the Student Union office, where entrance blanks and the rules of the contest can be ol^tained. Three classifications of prints will be exhibited and judged: portrait, landscape and miscellaneous. Prints will go on exhibit next Saturday and the contest will end Sunday, November 17. d.e.b.
The twenty-fifth annual horticultural show will open tomorrow afternoon in the Horticulture building and University greenhouses. The show will continue for a three-day period, ending Sunday evening. In addition to the many exhibits of fruits, nuts and flowers, many unusual features have been planned. A special display planned is an extensive demonstration of the new soilless culture processes. The display will include a number of plants growing in inert media and fed only by nutrient solutions. Other exhibits include a display of samples of the newer types of edible soybeans and a demonstration of ways they may be prepared for the table. In the flower department there will be a special bridal e;^hibit featuring a mannikin dressed in bridal attire and carrying ^ bridal flowers. On Monday there will be a sale of the flowers and vegetables exhibited in the show and at 4 p. m. on the same day an auction will be held for all fruit. r.s.k.
Xf Sigma.Pi
Fifty Debris Beauties Ready For Earl Carrol
Henry F. Schrkker Wins Gubernatorial Race; Willis Victor
james M. Tucker Leads Indiana's GOF Ticket
Beauties, beauties and still more beauties—^fifty of them to be exact. All of the feminine charm, grace and figures that this campus possesses will be rounded up under one roof at one time for the only event which brings together so much loveliness for the admiration of the entire student body, the 1^1 Debris Beauty Contest to be held Saturday evening, November 16, from 7 to 8:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. In keeping with last year, when the Debris had Zack Mosley, the creator of Smilin’ Jack and his little de-icers, for a judge, the yearbook
As President Eoosevelt continued to lead in 39 states, compiling an electoral vote of 468 to Willkie’s 63, his Democratic gubernatorial running mate in Indiana, Lieutenant Governor Henry F. Schricker, from the latest reports seems to have cinched a victory over^the Eepublican nominee, Glen E. Hillis, with a majority of 9,106 votes, with all but 221 precincts reported. Although Willkie is cariTdng Indiana with a margin of 20,364 votes over the President in aU but 183 of the state’s 3,898 precincts, the GOP organization appears to have been nosed out in eyery other contest except in the race for United States senator. Here Eaymond E. Wil^s, small town newspaper editor, leads his Democratic opponent, veteran United States senator, Sherman Minton, with a plurality of 13,719 votes in all but 215 precincts. On the Indiana state Eepublican ticket, James M. Tucker, the only GOP party man to be elected to a state office in 1938, is far ahead of Democrat Clarence J. Donovan in his race for re-election as secretary of the state. Late returns from a small number of precincts indicate that Tucker may be the only candidate on the GOP ticket who will finish with a considerable advantage ovel- any New Deal nominee. The Eepublicans gained 48 seats, the Democrats, 26 seats and unaffiliated' candidates, two seats in the Indiana general assembly. d,t.b.
Earl Carrol
has arranged to have Earl Carrol, the foremost judge of female beauty in the United States, to judge the contest this year. Gained Experience Abroad Carrol has probably done more work with gorgeous women than
Freshman Activities Forums Start Today At 4 In Coulter Hall
First of a series of six freshman
activity |orums will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 211
The preliminary Debris beauty contest will be held Monday evening at 7 p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union. The contest was moved up a day because of the vocational guidance conference. No audience will be present at this contest. All entries must be turned in at the Union desk by midnight tomorrow.
any other man alive today. In his short life of just 47 years, he has bummed his way around the world, worked in several foreign countries including China, Japan and several South American countries, so that he IS familiar with all types of beauties. Cairol has produced his own plays on New York’s Broadway and (Continued on page 4)
of Stanley Coulter HaU, according to Walter Gipe, director of the Activities Bureau. All freshmen interested in activities are urged to attend, Gipe said. A. P. Johnson of the personnel office wiU speak on activities in general and their value to students in securing jobs upon graduation. Mary Ellen Scarff, representing the WSGA and Eusty Layson, president of the Student Senate, will discuss these student government organizations as particular activities. Purpose of this forum, and of future forums, is to acquaint freshmen with the general functions of these organizations so that they may make a careful choice of their own particular activity, Gipe concluded. Dates of these meetings wiU be announced later. f.i.j.
600 Students Cheer Team On To Fordham; 'Players In Excellent Shape'—Fehring
. . . national forestry honorary fraternity, announces the pledging of E. E. Park, J. C. Van Camp. W. E. Culmer and L. A. Schneider.,
By R. A. Tewksbury Last night six hundred enthusiastic students cheered the team on to Fordham. Students met at the Union and were led by the band and mascot to the Fieldhouse where coaches and players assured fans of a victory over Fordham. Johnny Zuck, senior yell leader, opened the pep session with the Purdue series and then introduced Sammy Voinoff, guard coach. Sammy said that Purdue is up against a tough team but a team that is not tough enough. Fordham has only lost one game and that was to St. Marys. Bill Neff, senior tackle, spoke next and said that the Iowa game was the turning point for the Purdue eleven. He aided that one of the toughest teams in the East is going to 'play one of the toughest agg^-
gations in the West but the tough- - est team in the West “is going to make ham of the Fordham Rams.” Ted Axton, center, in a bmrst of enthusiasm, told fans that the Boilermakers were going to Fordham to “kick the devil” out of the Rams and that it wasn’t going to be by a 8 to 6 tie like the year before last, ^ Johnny Galvin, junior halfbki^, concluded the talks for the players by saying that the team *%nocked hell” out of Iowa and that they were going to do the same thing to Fordham. “Dutch” Fehring, end coach, finished the pep talks of the evening by the assuring statement that the players were in the best shape they have been so far. He concluded by saying that Byelene might playThe session ended by singing “HaR Purdue.”
dai \-
■w
D:
PITRDTJE EXPONENT
Thursidoy, November 7, 1940
■tj
rhe gfh
Well I guess somebody ought to be about ready to concede the election. All the votes are in. We noticed some awful Mondayish looking faces yesterday. They might be the boys who were caught in the draft. We dunno. But we do know one thing. They aren’t Democrats. * Those boys got what they wanted. But they forgot one thing. A vote for Franklin is a vote for Eleanor. And in our estimation, 1461 editions of “My Day.” Are more than they bargained for. ♦ Me * '■ ' . ' . ■ As for Wendell. Commonwealth and Southern pays just as much money. And its stockholders don’t engage in the manly art of tossing over-ripe hen fruit. Of course money isn’t everything. There are other just and due considerations. Including captain’s commissions. We see by the newspapers that: BRITISH GLAD U.S. DEMAND F.D.R. Which is all very nice. We like to see such concern. Roosevelt is happy too, judging by his photograph. Makes it unanimous. Almost. The only ones that aren’t satisfied are Hitler and the 20,000,000 who voted for Willkie. They still hate his guts.
Maybe the Republicans were too cocky. Mayljj^e they weren’t. All we know is that people don’t sit up all
The Purdue Exponent
Entered aa seedbd'class matter at the post office In Iiafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreas of March 8, 1879, aAd at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, a^ of October 8, 1017, authorize January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief. : B. W. Donahue Business Manager. Jlerle Hagemeyer « Publication Staff News Editor.... _.J. H. McKee Managing Editor..^ .....— D.. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, li. W* Euflner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Ix>cal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C.' E. Danglemajer; Acepunts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ; .....Beth Simpson ' Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donha SiesB. Sports Staff Editor.„_. ..... .J, P. Dolan Associate ^itors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; v Sports 2792 Represented fOr national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor: Brophy Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: R. A. Tewksbury, F. I. Jones, R. S. Kolb, J. F. Zin3ky, V. Barson, M. McHaffie, M. L. Losey, J. D. Fraser, O. T. Clark, R. G. Stephans, E. M. Lang, P. B. Lewis, W. H. Hummel.
The Ratio I
3.03 ..Vto 1
Get out the tape measures, girls, here are the measurements for Earl Carol’s ideal girl: Height, 6 feet, 6 inches. Weight, 118 pounds. Neck, 12 inches. Bust, 34 inches. Waist, 24 inches. Hips, 36% inches. Thigh, 19 inches. Ankle, 9 inches. Wrist, 6 inches. How do you compare ?
other day. He was talking about heat transfer in the human body and was telling the boys how the Indians used to sleep together in bunches to keep warm, and since the women were always warmer, that is, gave out more heat, they were the most popular. He went oh to say that he guessed that was the origin of the term “hot mama.” Some stuff.
Walt Kleinj Terry House prexy, and Mac Laddon, last year’s all-campus golf champ, made an election bet. We don’t know who bet on whoni,' . but the loser, dressed in red flannels, will escort the other in a wheel barrow from the Terry House to the Union and back, and they say that there won’t be any chickeningout. We’ll be looking for you, boys.
Say, boys, you better get busy on this beauty contest and get the name of your girl in there. We ought to have a good contest this year seeing we got a pretty good crop this year. It’s hard to tell who’s going to win but you want to keep your eyes on “Birdie” Cole, Pi Phi pledge.
LUMA Today - Fn. ■< Saf -r- 2 HITS The thunderingi thrilling drama of America’s last fighting frontier!
The Payoff Here’s something to look for.
Torrid Bill Miller, head of the heating and ventilating department pulled a good one in ME 90 lecturfe the
night to take a crack at Santa Claus. And the WPA checks went out on Saturday. * * * However, the Democrats will gladly give the losers another shot at the title in ’44. d.k.h.
Well, Mr. Roosevelt ... you asked for a mandate from the people and now you have it. You have been drafted, as you put it last June, to do the toughest job aiiy man has been called upon to do in the last decade. People are talking national unity and you can count on all of us to do our bit where our national welfare is concerned regardless of which cause we espoused in the recent campaign. You have been chosen the man of the hour bi^t think and act with impunity if you would be the man of the century who has come forth to lead his country through the Red Sea of hatred, war and bloodshed. You have just been renamed captain of the greatest team in the world. The team has never been beaten or even tied and the team has just given you a vote of confidence. There has been a little dissension in the backfield and one of the halfbacks was dissatisfied with the way you were calling plays. But the line has reassured you that they think you are calling the right signals, and want you in there for the next few plays. It’s your ball, third down, on your own twenty yard line. The opposition is poised to stop the next play. Fear and dissension, the opposing tackles have been tearing our line to pieces. Doubt and dispair in the guard positions have blocked every play through the line. Bigotry and hatred on the ends have ridden out every play. It’s a tough situation, Mr. Captain. Gan you get Labor, the blocking back to run interference for your crushing fullback, Business ? Can you get Foreign Policy to screen the next play ? Can you get the rest of us in the Line to open up those holes for the backfield? This is the job that you have taken upon yourself;! Mr. Roosevelt. This is the job of a lifetime. And the world up in the stands is awaiting with keen interest your next move, for it may decide hot just the outcome of the game on the field but the fate of those in the stands as well. Be reassured by those who voted for your retention at the helm and temper your victory wiifch the thought of those who opposed you.. This is not the time for a grandstanding play with a lot of breath-taking action but no gain. This is the time for good old-fashioned teamwork using the fundamentals of the game. What is your choice, Mr .Captain? War? We pray not. That’s the grandstanding play we were talking about. We’ll lose the ball on such a play—^the opposition has intercepted our passer before. Besides, we’re in our own territory. Then if we’re going to win, and we’re confident that we can, what play are you going to call? Michigan used to pray when they couldn’t think of anything else. The whistle has blown, Mr. Captain, think fast.
Military Ball Tickets Still On Sale For $2.50 Tickets for the Military Ball are still available to students and faculty members at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building for $2.50, it was announced yesterday by the dance committee. Signing, of two orchestras for this annual event, official opening of the campus formal season, has made a larger attendance possible. , Charlie Barnet and his orchestra will play from the ballrooms and Gus Arnheim will be featured in the cafeteria. Pledges to Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, will be announced at the dance, f.i.j.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT 7:30 P M. Mr Allen just returned fro the National Convention and has the latest dances to offer. New Lindy, Texas Double Shuffle, Plymoth Rock, Rumba and Conga.
ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
Union Show To Feature Song By Harry James “Blue Light,” one of the songs in “Everything But Onions,” will be arranged and played by Harry James and his orchestra in the very near future it was announced yesterday by play officials. The song was written by Willis Wells and Bill Hayt who are in charge of the production. Independent Co-ed Groups Eled Year's House Officers Officers of co-cd independent houses were elected at a meeting held last Tuesday evening at 7 o’clock in the WSGA office. Eleanor Pink, residence chairman, presided. Martha Doherty was elected pres-
ident; Mary Barnard, vice president and Charlean Whittington, secre-tary-treasurer. House arid social problems were discussed. The next meeting wiU be Thursday, November 14. v.m.b. Pi Tau Sigma . . , scholastic honorary society for mechanical engineers announces the pledging of the following: Juniors: F. W. Herr, G. A. Nothman, N. A. Ochiltree and F. J. Wood. Seniors: S. B. Anderson, A. E. Bachman, D. G. Blaine, C. E. Bowman, D. R. Cooley, D. A. Gray, E, h. Gregory, L. G. Hansen, P. S. Henze, R. A. Hogue, H. C, Lafferty, J. R. McCann, E. 0. ifordsiek, G. K. Smith, N. F. Smith, y. H. Tong, W. H. Woodrow, T. M. Spitler, R. V. Thayer and F. P. Thomas, f.i.j.
SATURDAY ONLY
— ON THE SCREEN-
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE —
When that amazing, riot-raising ‘Brother Ra^ gang blows in. brother, all your blues blow oiit!
with WAYNE MORRIS ROSEMARY LANE EDDIE ALBERT ^ PLUS
TODAY THRU SATURDAY BILL ELLIOTT in MERCY PLANE PLUS —
1 AMES DUNN FRANCES GIFFORD MATTY FAIN in THE RETURN OF WILD BILL
RICHARD DIX wHh norence Rnt vHTilKam Hcffiy /Victor Joqr ■ Andy C^de Ccoise E. Stone • Monis Aidowi PLUS—iND FEATURE ... THUNDER in the Tropics! Guns bark . . . fistsicrash . . . in the oil racketeers' war! ilUchatrdI lARUN
THE MOST TALKED-ABOUT MAN IN HISTORY .. TELLS HIS OWN INCREDIBLE STORY!
wiiH EDNA BEST • EDDIE ALBERT Albert Bassennan«Gene Lodduut'Otto Krager^Migel Bruce'Montagu Love*Jaines Stepbeitton ^ . added ■ ■— ' _ TODAY - FRK r SAT. — POPEYE CARTOON WORLD WIDE NEWS
IT'S A SCRAP^HAfPY HIT! The "Undeipop" it luck in Her giandeit ikow!
TODAY - FRIDAY
hdARS
R O B E R T S TaeK HUGH HERBERT STUART ERWIN
A N TIQ U E M E L LO W - G R AIN WITH WINTHROP'S "
as seen in Esquire
© EFINITELY on the mellow side is this ^ • rich Hand-Antiqued Mellowgrain Y Oxford by Winthrop. Typically Win throp in every detail of style and craftsmanship,
its comfort and flexibility is uhequaled Winthrop Shoes
because of "Action-Free” construction.
6.85 to 8.85
Colonial Cradet 5. to 6.
KINNEY'S West Side of Square
;Ati
•Y t
Xf,
■n♦ V /
‘ f
r
/ ^ \
' ()
4 ,
/
/ V S '>„V Ji ^ *^0 .
^xpomni SpoJdA fiaqs
HarriersWill Compete For StateHonors
Tliuirsdcqr, Ifovember 1, 1940
Two titles will be placed on the block Saturday morning at 10:30 o’clock when Coach Herhian Phillips and bis Riveter harriers act as hosts in the state cross country meet. Notre Dame and Indiana will compete with Captain Ed Holderman and his mates in the Big State run, while Wabash, Butler, DePauw, Earlham, Indiana Central and Manchester have entered in the Little State attraction. Medals Awarded Both divisions will be run off simultaneously, but will be scored individually, a camera being employed at the finishing tape to offset the possibility of the judges being confused by the large number of entries. The gruelling trek, which has been lengthened from the three and one-half miles in ordinary meets to four miles, will begin in Ross-Ade stadium and finish there, with the first half-mile being run on the cinder path of the stadium. To the knowledge of Herm Phillips, this field of 87 entries will be the largest in this section in the last twenty years. Medals will t/e awarded to the winners and the next six to fin-
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternify and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
ish in each i(livision. ' Will Broadcast Indiana Central captured the honors in the Little State last year, while the Hoosiers are considered the standout in the higher bracket, although no Big State meet was held last year. Due to the fact that WBAA will broadcast the proceedings, the event must get under way as scheduled. With the permission of ^he Federal Communications Commission, this will mark the initial time that a radio station has taken to the airways to describe a
harrier classic. 3tars Galore
• The Gold and Black thinlies will have plenty of strong competition, both individually and as a team. Indiana has yet to suffer defeat so .far this season and Notre Dame was second in the National Collegiate »meet two years ago. Butler’s Bulldogs boast a team that has won ejght straight encounters this campaign, and one that seriously threatens Indiana Central for the laurels in their class. Mitchell of the Capitol City boys is a high-flying sophomore who gives promise as a crowd thriller.
Hoosier Star
Wayne Tolliver, who was rupnerup to Ed Holderman in the conference and state meets last year, will couple with Kane and Hedges to make the Cream and Crimson something of a pre-race favorite. According to the time trials conducted on the course last evening. Holderman, Reeves, McLaughlin, Jarvis, Jentsch, Marozick, Stanley and Appleton will carry the colors of the Gold and Black into the race, o.t.c.
IM Schedules
TOUCHBALL, Today Field 6 Sigma Nu vs Alpha Sigma Phi McCarthy Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Noland Theta Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta Skinner Ward 22 vs Ward 14. Schriber. Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Hawkins.
Some 21,500 cars and trucks are in regular day to day service with the Bell Sysjem. The great majority have bodies specially developed by telephone engineers. Many are equipped with power winches, air compressors and pole derricks. Each of the many types is designed to handle particular functions in the construction and maintenance of telephone plant. , Planning, purchasing aiid operating the world’s largest fleet of commercial motor vehicles is a big job in itself. Yet |t is but part of the far bigger job: providing the finest, fastest, friendliest service to the millions who daily use the telephone.
Why not give the family a ring tonight? Rates to most points are lowest after 7 P. M. any night<—and all day Sunday,
An Irishmans Illusions
Riveters Entrain Today For Game With Dangerous Rams
By Joseph Patrick Dolan The game of the coming Saturday seems to be the clash up ajt Minneapolis between the Minnesota Gophers and Michigan’s Wolverines, both undefeated and untied. The game will (for the present) settle the conference leadership. We read every day of the game in the big newspapers, but it’s the same old stuff, so ’ole Joe thought he’d dig up the human side of the picture*, since most of us like the queer and untold. —I-I— As most of you know, the emblematic of victory of the Minne-sota-Michigan game is a little Brown Jug, similar to our Oaken Bucket. This little jug was used by the Michigan team back in 1903 when the Wolverines carted the jug to the game at Minneapolis for their clash with the Sweeds. —I-I— It was pilfered after the 6-6 tie of the season by Oscar Munson, Gopher equipment custodian, with a challenge that if Michigan wanted it back it had to win it back. Michigan lost possession of the jug in ’34, and Tom Harmon, more than anyone else wants it back again. —I-I— Harmon was labeled the “goat” of the 1938 game at Minneapolis where the , Wolverine machine pushed the Gophers all over the field only to lose by a 7-6 score. It was Harmon who made a qostly fumble near the Michigan goal line that was recovered by the Golden men to be converted into seven points. _I.I_ The entire Michigan coaching staff returns home for the football game, each having had some-
Uniyersity Club Announces Date For Christmas Party All members of the University club are asked by Coach Clevett to keep Wednesday, December 16 in mind. This is the date for the annual Christmas party which will be held in the ballroom of the Union building. Guest couples may be invited by members. * A very interesting program has been prepared which will include dancing, bridge and various other/ Christmas features, w.h.h.
thing to do for the Gophers a while ago. Head Michigan coach, Crisler, used to coach at Minnesota back in 1930-31. Clarence Munn, Michigan’s line coach, was an all-American ' j guard at Minnesota back in the early ’30’s, and he was a thorn in Purdue’s side, too, playing on Gopher elevens that really put the stinger on the Gold and Black. -1-1-Earl Martineau, the Wolverine’s backfield coach, also is a former Minnesota all-American. Martineau used to coach the backs at Purdue, coaching the famous ’29 backfield. Earl lived next door to us over in Lafayette back then, and every season managed to swipe one football for us kids to use on the commons. I.I There will be plenty of home town faps in the Minnesota stands for Tom Harmon, because two special train-loads of Gary fans are leaving Gary tomorrow for the Miinnesota stronghold. Painted on the engine is “Tom Harmon Specials.” _I.I_ Incidently, may I announce the marriage of Alfred Rossi, senior tackle on our football team, to darnit I forgot to ask A1 what her name used to be. Now there I go again scooping Stu Wolfe, of the Lafayette Leader, sorry, Stu.
Good football weather greeted Coach Mai Elward last night as he concentrated his attention upon a traveling squad of 36 in the last drill before the team’s departure at 2:30 this afternoon. Apprehension over the outcome of the game was increased due to the fact that the squad has gone the entire week vidthout scrimmage. The physical condition of the team has made scrimmage impossible, and the problem of an out-weighed Riveter line’s defense against the powerful Fordham attack was only complicated by the lack of contact work.
Byelene Ready
The possibility of Mike Byelene making the Gotham City trip became almost a certainty, as the diminutive halfback engaged in the first contact Work since his injury in the Michigan State game. Despite his three-week layoff, the enthusiastic Byelene has managed to keep in shape by reporting every night for drill of the type that didn’t peril his cracked wrist. The passing and running of the little halfback would be a big help in cracking the stubborn Fordham defense that has played stonewall to the successive backfield waves of Tulane, Pitt and
North Carolina.
Not since 1937 when the famous Seven Blocks of Granite were functioning before an equally famdus backfield have the Rose Hill rooters been so certain that this year will be the Rose Bowl year. The Rams have been disappointed time and time again in the little matter of an invitation from Pasadena, and the St. Marys upset may have been the detour factor that will ship the Rams off to some bowl of lesser importance this year.
Personal Christmas Cards Order Now!
Bun, Patterson and Auld FRATERNITY JEWELERS ^ Phone 2523 113 Northwestern
Rams Have Stuff In the starting lineups, Elward’s sophomores will again play an important part with Berto, Anderson and Smerke as the probable starters. Opposing the sophomore legion, Fordham’s Jimmy Crowley will stick one of the nation’s most spectacular backfields. Len Eshmont and “Blackie” Blumenstock need no introduction to the country’s pigskin fans, and brainy Jim Noble and unpronouncable Steve Filapowicz complete the menacing foursome. Ted Axton, the slightly built Boilermaker pivotman, will find the Fordham line built around a man who IS practically impregnable. There isn’t a tougher center in the East than 200-pound Lou DeFihppo who IS carrying on the hallowed traditions established by such former Ram centers as Del Isola and Wojciechowicz. The Riveter battle camp will be situated at the Westchester Coun-
Grid Banquet Tickets Reduced By Kiwanians This year, unlike previously, the Kiwanis Club will make concessions to students of the University in offering them a special reduction for tickets to the annual Kiwanis Football Banquet which will be held Tuesday evening, November 26, iri the Union. In the past years there has never been a special price for student tickets. Student tickets are on sale at 75 cents. Frab Battle For Berths In Toucbball Play-Offs The inter-fratemity touchball season is coming to a close with five teams having clinched playoff berths and eight teams battling for the three other playoff spots. The teams whose undefeated records give them playoff berths are Sigma Cjii, Kappa Sigma, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Tau Omega and Phi Kappa Tau. Of the eight teams battling for * the three playoff spots, each with three victories and one defeat. Kappa Delta Rho and Phi Kappa Sigma drew fifth round byes. However, this afternoon’s contests will decide the chances for the eig^t teams which are vieing for the remaining
three spots.
As soon as all playoff berths are determined the eliminations for the champion will begin. Last year’s champs. Phi Kappa Sigma, are ceded an outside chance to repeat against extremely formidable oppo-
sition. e.m.l.
try club. Rye, New York, from I which the team will sally forth Saturday to meet the Rams in the rubber game of their series. The Boilermakers won the first two games in 1934 and 1935 and then dropped the next two and tied the 1938 game. j.a.f.
GET YOURS Before the
PRICE RISE
You only have a few more days to huy a $4.00 Dehris. The same hook will cost you $4.50 Novemher 20th.
mi
(Dshhidu
“9n, tiuL Tlfloi^suvtL TyLmnnh!'
mir
"J
-fV
III ii
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday# November 7, 1940
Classified Ads
v6mber 6 and 7, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s gymnasium. £>ectures will be on types of horses, different styles of riding, tack and '
bitting. Attendance at one of these meet-
lired
Thursday afternoon, Nov. 7, in the Armory at 4 p. m. Maybe refreshments. —McCAMMON.
ings is reahi^ for credit in the course. If for any reason you cannot be present any one of these days, please notify the Women’s gym. —CASE.
YWCA Cabinet; Meeting in YWCA office Thursday, November 7, at 4 p. m. —BRYANT.
FOR SALE Russ-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Rhone, 2407.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Eberahoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Playshop Prize Winners: May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a. m. Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 6 of any day the following week. —CARR.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m.; Thursday at 7 p. m. --SWOPE.
For Rent: Newly furnished Maple Bedroohi. Private home, single or double. Breakfasts. Phone 76414.
V. C. Meredith Club: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 4 p. m. for all members. —BAILEY.
Lost; Grey kitten, Persian. Last seen on campus. Reward. Ruth and Hinks, 8286.
For Rent: Beautiful four room apt Available December 1. Steam heat Adults preferred. Phone 4928.
Notices
Personal Living Classes; November 7 meeting of personal living class division E, which meet from 4 to 6 p. m. will be held in Stanley Coulter Hall, room 211, instead of Fowler Hall.^ This applies only to the November 7 meeting. —EASTWOOD.
Newman Club: All club members who have not settled for their Barnyard Frolic tickets, please meet in room 302 of the Union, Thursday, November 7, at 4:16 p. m. There will be a regular meeting of the officers at the same time in the same room. —JANSING.
All Male Students: Those desiring to fire on the 6th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the armory. This group will start firing November 18. —BROWN.
Zouaves: All active members of the Zouave squad who wish to participate in a drill November 28, please report to the Armory Thursday, November 7. —GIBSON.
No notices received after 8 p. m. Owners of Lost Glasses: Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please come in and identify them. —ENDERS.
Mortar Board: Notice of the Debris group picture is a mistake. —TERSTEGGE.
Scabbard and Blade Honor Guard: There will be a dry-run for the Honor Guard at 4 p. m. Friday, November 8, at the south door of the Union. —MEESE.
Senior Military Students: Will the senior military student whose pictures of Fort Knox will be used in the 1940 Debris please call at the Debris office. —HAYT.
Camera Club: Deadline for prints for exhibit is 6:30 p. m. Thursday, November 7. Turn in prints in Student Union office. —GEPHART.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7:16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
Acqnade: Advanced ballet practice for acquade Thursday, November 7, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —CASE.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Meeting Friday, November 8, 4 p. m. in University Hall. —LULL..
NY A: Checks for period ending October 15 are now available at cashier’s office in executive building. HOLLENSBEE.
PEW Riding Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, No-
Presidents of Student Activities: Brifig to the Benate office in the Union (room 360) a copy of your activity constitution before Saturday, November 9. These are to be compiled in book form for later reference. —ELLEY.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 12, in room 134, EE Building. Use north door. Lecture and demonstration on "Control of Television Station W9XG’’ by R Stone. —FREED.
Co-ed Debaters: Co-ed debate squad meeting Thursday, November 7, 4 p. m., room 301, University Hall. —WINCH.
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges Pan-Hellenic Council: Meeting Thursday,
50 Beauties
(Continued from page 1)
in San Francisco since 1919. He has produced a total of shows which include 14 of his famous “Vanities.” At the present time he is working on Paramount’s next musical comedy, “A Night at Earl Carrol’s,” the scene for which is laid entirely in the Earl Carroll Theatre Restaurant in Hollywood. Special Trip Here According to R. E. Adams, junior Debris business manager, Carrol is flying from the west coast for the sole purpose of judging the contest. A bevy of last year’s queens will meet Carrol at the Indianapolis airport and, escort him to the University. e.glfc.
Religious Council
... is sponsoring the posters of the National Forum. They have been placed at the head of the library stairs. Any campus organization may display them by communicating with Miss Roberta Thomas at 81912. e.w.n.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory -
• Professional
• School Suplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENT8ST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Bus Schedules 1
4 Schedules Daily Chicago ....J $2.95 R.T. Gary 2.95 R.T. Michigan City 3.70 R.T. Indianapolis 2.10 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
• Hardware
• Jewelers
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If it's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
70th ANNIVERSARY SALE CELEBRATION Begins Thursday, Nov. 7th Come to Our Birthday Party
When an individual is 70 years old, or a business is 70 years young’ that should be cause for a real celebration. Therefore, Loeb’s on its 70th birthday, will hold an Anniversary Sale that will fittingly celebrate its seventy years of progress with Lafayette. We have planned to show our appreciation to the people of this community and those living in surrounding territory, who have made our progress possible, with outstanding Anniversary Sale values of traditional Loeb style in every department of our store, for every day of the Sale. No stone has been left unturned to make this Sale a fitting climax to seventy years of service to you. Please come and see us.
Look for our Ads in Lafayette’s Journal Courier.
November 7 at 5 p. m. in room 808, Union. —LANG.
Aeromodelers: Please attend meeting on Friday, November 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 866 of the Union. Motion pictures will be shown. —OBARSKI.
H
Yell Leaders: Yell practice Wednesday, November 6, and Friday, November 8, at 4 p. m. in the stadium. —ZUCK.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of Armory. Bring sabers. —^AULL.
Camera Club: All darkrooms will be in complete order for continuous use as soon as equipment which has been on order for two weeks arrives in Student Union office. Final locker assignments cannot be made until rooms are completely ready. —ARCHIBALD.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7:30 p. m., in room 807 of the Union. Visitors are 'welcome. —LONG.
Camera Club: r irst studio meeting of the year Thursday, November 7, in room 804 of the Union. Meeting starts at 7:30. Three girl models will be present. —TOWLE.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores; Short meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, November 8, in the Exponent office. Assignments will be made for co-ed edition on Monday. —SIMPSON.
MAKE YOUR\FOOTBALL HEADQUARTERS THE POPULAR-PRICED, CONVENIENT DIXIE HOTEL
ir
THIS COAT IS (Di§^s/uinL
CUpajqjftcL
MOTHPROOF SHOWERPROOF
"Alpagora'' is unlike any coat youVe ever owned . . . different with its silk-like fleece fabric that's so light, soft, and durable. It is showerproof and guaranteed moth-proof for two full years . . . and the price is proof that it is America's greatest coat value.
Y OU’LL like the Dixie’s convenience . . . only a half block from Times Square Fxpress Subways to the Game ... in the center of New York’.s gay night life! You’ll like your cheerful room . . . and the Southern hospitality in the Cocktail lounge, the Coffee Shop, the Dickens Bar, the Restaurant. Best of all you’ll like the modest prices! See your Travel Agent for reservations now—oe write The Dixie!
Dally Rates from $050 $050
2 50 $Q50 $|: SINGLE iJ DOUBLE ^
THREE
IN ROOM
25
(SINGLE BEDS)
650 OUTSIDE ROOMS i — EACH WITH PRIVATE BATHROOM AND RADIO
if
TO MAKE A HIT WITH GIRLS IN SABLE WEAR ALLIGATOR'S FAMED GOLD LABEL A M
THE ARISTOCRAT OF
ALL-WEATHER COATS $2650
■'A
Here’s the coat you’ve been looking for —loose, easy drape—soft, rich shades —fine worsted gabardine fabric exclusive with Alligator! It’s smart, comfortable, practical—made water repellent the one and only Alligator way. See it. Try it on. You’ll agree, there’s never been a rain or shine coat like it.
Other Alligator Raincoats $5,75 to $26,50 AT BEUER DEALERS EVERYWHERE THE ALLIGATOR CO., St. Louis, Los Angeles, New York
$27-50
AS FEATURED IN
^AquiJuL
^juHwnii,
316 State St. Phone 2237
Ask Any Flagship Pilot About This Raincoat!
Chosen Over All Others by American Airlines for • Utmost Protection • Light Weight • Smart Style
It’s A Genuine Waterproof ALLIGATOR $750
You don’t need to be a Flagship Captain or First Officer to wear this famous Alligator raincoat! We have it in your exact size and color preference, smartly styled, thoroughly comfortable, absolutely waterproojl And the price is so modest there’s no need to compromise on a raincoat of lesser quality. Better get yours now, because. . . it’s sure to rainl Other Alligator Raincoats $5.75 to $26.50
jto jthu £xf2Dwijni
iff