h
^ ,.k^„ r 44^
h
^ (
Discussion on the Prom committee continues. Read tedaiy's editorial.
f^rdu
/90£
The Co*ed Pay*'—Sei;oii# Showing This Year Temer^ row At Hanrett Hop.
Volume 52. No. 68
West Lafayette. Indiana
Thursday. November 28. 1940
His Music-Especially For You^
iWiiWiii
Hank Messer and his “Especially For You” band will play for the co-ed bid Harvest Hop tomorrow night. Tickets are on sale at all bookstores, the WAA office, sororities and WRH.
advisor to numerous groups investigating population trends, including the United States Bureau of Census and the Scripps Foundation for Research in population problems. He has also served as population consultant for the National Resources Board. Holds Four Degrees He holds degrees from four universities and has written several papers and books on his topic. This will be the third in the series of lectures sponsored by the University to provide students, faculty members and townspeople with basic information on important factors that concern national preparedness. Nationally and internationally known authorities in various fields pf science and technology have been selected to speak on their fields as they concern the defense of the United S^tes. r.s.k. Welding Conference Opens December 12 According to a statefi^ent from Pvof. W. A. Kaapp, assistapt dean of engineering, plans, for the sixteenth annual welding conference at the University on December 12 and 13 have been completed. The department of Engineering Extension, the department of General Engineering and ftom 85 to 40 manufacturers and consumers of welding equipment will collaborate in the presentation of the two-day program. The purpose of the conveption Is to ^ripg foy discvtssiop and dotaopstration, indpstrialisis intejfosted ip the field of electric pro and p^-apefj^lene welding and to exhibit pud demopafyatp latest developments in these two fields. Frof. C. W. Beese, head of the department of Gepoval Upginpoying, is ip charge of tfie confopepco, Ue expects over fiQO business men and industrialists to attend the numerous clinics, lectures and demonstrations that highlight the convention. d.t.b.
Osborne Signed For Union Formal Dance December 6 Tickets Go On Sale This Afternoon At Sweet Shop Will Osborne and his band will play for the Union Formal to be held in both ballrooms of the Union Friday, December 6. Tickets for the dance will go on sale this afternoon at 4 p. m. outside the Sweetshop. The ticket price is $1.60 and a limit of 700 tickets has been set. Osborne who has been featured at New York’s Hotel Pennsylvania, Chicago’s Edgewater Beach Hotel, New Orlean’s Roosevelt, and Los Angeles’ Palamar, presents a smooth, rhythmic musical style. Featured in the band are Dick “Stinky” Rogers, singer and comedian who collaborated with Osborn in the composition of such hit songs as “Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth on Chestnut Street” and “Wouldst Could I But Kiss Thy Hand, Oh Babe,” and Dale Jones, romantic singer, o.l.a.
Thompson Offers Third Defense Lecture Tonight Dr. Warren S. Thompson, of Miami university and nationally known authority on population trends and their eifects, will continue the present series of national defense lectures tonight at 7:30 o’clock when he speaks in the Music Hall on the topic, ■‘Population Pressure as a Cause of War.” Dr. Thompson has served as an
Today's War News Digest
Chicago Daily Nows Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. The British fleet has engaged at long range a strong Italian naval force in the Mediterranean, London is informed. Information given out is that the Italians begap to retire at sight of the British, who pursued, firipg.
Hundreds of airplanes protect new, crack Italian regiments rushing into the interior of Albania, it is reported from Athens. Nevertheless, it is claimed that the Greeks maipfain the offensive on the 150mile front.
The uprising of Albanian rebels behind the Italian lines is declared in Athens to be assuming formidable proportions. Of 18 Italian divisions sent to Albania, the Greeks report two “completely destroyed” and five others “smashed.”
Dr, Warren S. Thpmpson Maury Mahn To Play For Svfhg Session Preceding^ the regular Union mixer Saturdayynight, Maury Mahn and his orchestra wifi preappi the fourth in the series of popplar swing sessions from 7 to 8 o/clpck in the south ballroom of the Union. Every Saturday night the Union features the band engaged for the evening’s mixer in a short,one-hour “^am” program previous to the regular dapce. These shows are opep free of charge to all those wishing tp attend, d.t.b. ^ Hair Stylist, Talks At Meeting h^W stylist of the Lpeb apd Heipe beputy salop, will fipmonstrpt^ his art at thp piipetipg of the yirgip^ O. Meredith Club at 7:30 o’clock, tonight in the Hpme Ecopomi(^ Auditor^npi. wlU ^repept hair 8tyfin| to puit the facial structure apfi persopality of the individual pnd different wpyp of arrppging one basic coififire for various occasions. He will answer questions and make suggestions fordndividual cases. All co-eds are welcome to attepd. m.l.b.
Numerous mountain landslides within the last two days in Norway, blocking roads used to transport supplies to German military bases, have respited in fhe deplaration of martial Ipw. The n\QSt important railway line was wrecked at 10 points.
The bop»hing of Marseille by the British may he merely the first of spph incidents, Edgar ApspI Mowrer writes from Washingtqp^ h.ecapse of the fact thjit some of the French ipdustrial cities are filfing war orders for the Germans.
A British auxiliary cruiser was bopihed apd sppk at the pippth of the Thames, tfie G,e¥P3,ap pffipial news agenpy roportqd today. London said the Roypl Air Force i^d started a gr^pt fire ip the pi^senal at Tprin in porthern ItPly, rpilroads ip Bprlip apd raided other parts of Gorpiany.
“Frapee today 1^ tbroatenod with Ipch of bread, which ip a serious lack t® hig bread patpra like the French,” comments Piprre Oaziot, minister of agriculture ip the Yichy government. Caziot said the free zone faces a great shortage.
VaiiitvLDowns Frosh, 61-47, In ReamCT-Pre-Season Fray
British Announce
War Meeds To U.S.: f^onors; Tally 8 Points Apiece
'Planes And Ships'
Diplomatic talks between the United States and Russia are to b,e resumed, it was piade known today in Washington. The talks, interrupted by the Derlin visit of Premier Molotoff, are carried op between the Russian amhassadpr and Undersecretary of State Sumner Wodos-
By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Nov. 27—^The friendly attitude of American citizens toward Great Britain is the best guarantee that Britain’s war needs will be met, according to A. H. Purvis, chairman of the British purchasing commission in New York, who is in London on a short
visit.
Asked what are Britain’s most pressing needs from the United States, Purvis put airplanes and ships definitely at the top of the list. He placed great emphasis on the need for additional tonnage and on the problem of transportation, which is bound to become greater as American production increases. Questioned on the means by which the United States would help Britain in. her transportation problem, Purvis refused to comment on the various possibilities that might be open to the United States, but said he hoped the United States (Continued on page 4) Educators, Guidance Officers Will Confer On Campus Tomorrow Educators and guidance officei^ of Indiana will attend the annual Guidance Conference to be held at the University tomorrow and Saturday. Speakers at the conference include Dean R, W. Tyler of the University of Chicago, Dr. Edward G. Olsen of Colgate University, and Mr. Edward Salner, personnel director of Koppers company. Opens Tomorrow Morning The program opiens at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning with a clinic on guidance programs operating in In- \ diana. In the afternoon, Dr. E, C. Elliott will welcome the educators to the University. Following his welcome there will be discussions of guidance, evaluaUon of guidance and the relation between guidance and occupational information. Tomorrow evening. Dr. Edward G. Olsen of the department of education of Colgate uniye^afiy lyill speak op “Guidance and ^h® 8,00181 Lag,” Saturday mpniiug there will be a brief session on the use of local resources in guidance, the state high school testing pro^am, and its implications for. guidance, and guidance and industry. o.l.a. Omicron Nu . . . home economics honorary, held formal initiation yesterday afternoon for the following pledges: Isabel Allen, Dorothy Backert, Sally Free, Thelma Bugher, Margaret Terstegge, Martha Mpon, Ruth Parker and Ruth Swickard. After the ceremony a banquet was held in the Old Chestnut Room for the new initiates. Camera Club ■' ... is sponsoring a program tqnight featuring Carl G. Miller who will talk on the “Weston Exposuije Meter” at 7:30 o’clock in room 8^ of the Union. Miller ia from the Weston Electrical Instrument corq-
pany.
By Bob Swaim
Coach Ward Lambert’s title-defending quintet roughed its way to the initial win of the season last night in the Fieldhouse, but it was only an inter-squad uprising with the rhinie netmen, coached by Dutch Fehring. In rolling up a 61 to 47 margin over the incoming ball-hawks the varsity used 19 players, 16 of which contributed to the scoring column. Although they played less than half the game, Captain Bob Igney and sophomore Tom Kiefer were the varsity’s basket masters, scoring eight
points each.
- Gimlets-Reamers
During the ten-minute intermission between halves, the Reamers, sponsors of the game, and Gimlets mixed all sorts of illegal practices in the renewal of their ferocious rivalry. But again the final score was a deadlock, as has been the case in every game since the series ^was
begun.
Sophs Start Starting the game for the varsity were four sophomores and a junior. Hoffman and Sumner were stationed qt the forward posts, wiHi Krampe at center; Riley and Blenqker, the latter being the only start-r er who was a member of last year’s varsity, at guards. Against them were the following frosh: Shelby pnd Lpughtper, forwards; 6''"^anta, cepter; Brpwer and Mc6nd;h, guards. I Aftqr the first ten nunutes a steady stream of substitutes was sent into the fracas by both coaehes until a total of 21 frosh and 19 varsity m^hors had beep quhmii^ed ^0 ihe teat. To allow more m^ to perforifiA the length of playing time for each half was extended to 25 minutes. Flashes of speed and basket-hit-ting proficiency gleamed through the early-season slum fqr both outfits. Besides the scoring aptics of Captain Bob Iguey» one of two seniors on the squad, a sophomore forward, Tom Kiefer from Brownstown, made himself a scoring threat by dropping in three field goajs and two free throws, although he came back to the bench after playing less than 20.niinutes. George Fields, sophomore fropi Mooresville, tallied six pomts from (Continued on page 8)
Seniors To Hear Arm, Feldt Discuss Present Employment Situation In order to acquaint seniors with the present employment situation the University placement committee will open the first of a series of meetings at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union. Talks and discussiop wifi be led by Miss Irene Feldt, director of placement for women, and- Prof. David L. Arm, feting director of
personnel.
“The talks will not be limited to either men or women,” Professor Arm said, “hut rather will inyolye a general outline about how to secure a johi Therefore, we are urging every senior to attend.” lyriting Cprreqt Letjjqrs Miss Feldt-will speak about writing correct letters and the correct way to present the activities data sheet to the prospective employer. Professor Arm will stress appearance and attitude at the tipie of the 'personal interview, as well as the ability to obtain contact with the
chosen field.
A discussion will follow at which . time the students will have the opportunity to ask questions. e.w.n. Final Cull'Out Issued By Activities Bureau Final eall-o®t ^®r sqphuiqere Activities Bureau workers iq s,et for today at 4 o’clock in the Activities Bureau office in the Union. According to Bob Gimlin, publicity manager of thq bureau, all sophomores comifig out at this tnqe will be eligible fqr junior positioqs next spring. The functions a®fi 'workings of the bureau will be discussed at the>^ meeting and each junior will describe the function of his committee, v.m.b. Veterinarians To^rve On National Committees Word has been received from Dr. A. E. Wright in Washington, D. C., president of the American Veterinary Medical Association, that three University veterinarians have been appointed to serve on important national committees during tfie cur-
rent year.
Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the veterinary department, waS'named on a special committee to study Bang’s disease. . Dr. L. P. Cole was appointed as chairman of the sheep and swine section of the clinic program to he held at the annual meeting in Indianapolis next summer. Dr. John Bullard was asked to serve’as secretary qf the section on “General Practice.”
Emptdynieiit Mce Offers Holiday lobs The Infiiana ^tato ll^plo^ent Service of Dafayette is ^ students with ei^erience and interest in obtaining temporary work during the Christmas rush to file their applications with theqa ihunedlalnly) n bulletin received yesterday from the offices of the University dean of men and women said. Employers will require sales persons with some experience, ahili^ to meet the public and n neat, busi-ness-like appesrance. However, in addition to salespeoplq, omplqyers neefi cashiers, clerical help, stock boys, wrappers, drivers and other workefrs during this season. Or. Munk W9I Speak On Aviation Today “The Design of Tailless Airplanes” will be discussed by Hr. Max Munk, wsU known authority on fluid mechanics and aerodynarMce^ at open meeting ^ room 20T the Mechanical Engineering ing at 1:10 o’clock today, it ws^ nounced last night by l^of. K. Dl Wood, The student bo<^ and al public are invited to attsi^i
I
c. i'--
2 •‘£ditat
Thursday. November 28.1940
^ Sfh Column-
Today is Thanksgiving. In 16 states. Which is astounding. Not the second Thanksgiving, hut the 16 states. We weren’t aware of the fact. That there were that many Republicans left. • ♦ * Sort of a double feature arrangement. If you missed the first one you can always pop in for the second. Of course the New Deal laid the foundation for this dual tradition. It is a tradition now, you know. After all. It HAS happened twice. , ♦ * ♦ But they can’t claim the credit for its development. The movement just grew. Out of old American associations. With the twin bed and the doublecross. ^ * * * Now we’re in favor of it, but differences between the states lead to some complications. For instance. We ifean’t figure out just what would happen if we should sneak across the border of one that celebrated last week. With a turkey. 0 * * Some die hard governor might call out the national guard. * * ♦ Afterall, movie stars have doubles. Pants are a pair, and every bargain suit has two pair. We already have promises of two cars in every garage and two chickens in every pot. So with two labor organizations. Why not two labor days? ♦ ♦ sic There are two sides to every question, so why not capitalize on it ? Two budgets for the government. One for FDR to play with. And one to balance.
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, ancl, at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic 'year and weekiy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-in-Chief K. W. Defnahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. E. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Iiocal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglema jer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. P. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor: Kolb Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: D. T. Brophy, 0. L. Allanson, V. M. Barson, A. Chatfield, M. E. McHaffrie, C. Wood, R. W. Boswinkle, L. W. Hoffman, J. G. Petty, A. P. Worsley, D. Ochiltree and L. Slone.
Everything seems to back this move as a typical American institution. There is our two-ocean navy, and even the old saw about two heads being better than one. And last but not least the latest innovation. Double talk. * * * We’re not going to mention two terms.—dkh
We Stuck Out Our Necks .. . when we advocated the abolition of the Prom committee the other day and brought down fire and brimstone on ourselves. One group is heartily in favor of doing away with the committee and exhorts us to continue a campaign against it. The other group, which incidentally is much smaller, is also very rabid but they maintain that the abolition of the committee takes the Prom out of the hands of the students. The latter group also maintains that the Prom election adds color to the campus and creates considerable spirit and interest in campus affairs. They say that the election is educational in that it teaches the mechanics of democracy. They say that the committee serves as a post on which the disgruntled students may hang the blame. Maybe we’re being arbitrary about this but somehow the whole idea of the Prom committee just doesn’t appeal to us. First of all the idea of politics creates an atmosphere on the campus which we believe is unhealthy. The advocates of the committee say that what if politics are dirty—^no harm can be done in so insignificant a matter as the Prom. 1 We wish that we could agree with that idea but unfortunately politics does not stop with Prom or SAA. Politics extends into some of the other activities on the campus. And this is just the sort of thing that we do not want to see grow. For those of our readers who are in the dark we might point out that the Progressive and Boilermaker political squabble extends into the Gimlet Club and the Interfratemity Council, two cases that we happen to know about. When a situation arises where the head of a booster organization is chosen not because of his merits but because of his party affiliations then things have gone too far. Furthermore, if the Prom committee last year was representative of the workings of democracy we want no part of it. The committee functioned over a period of several months and yet during that whole time no one, and that includes some of the committee members, knew what was going on. When the band was being selected the publicity man would receive instructions to run a poll to find out what the students wanted. No one ever knew what bands were being considered, or,just what the possibilities were, or what sort of a decision had to be made. No, the committee took full responsibility, acted, and then told the students that they had selected “Korn” Tassle and his Rhythm Kings. There never was an explanation except in a veiled sort of way in which members of the committee shifted the blame to Mr. Fletemeyer, if he’s going to be blamed anyway why not give him the responsibility of selecting the band? When the advocates of the Prom committee state that the elections add color to our campus they are probably right but they overlook the fact that it also adds an odor, which in this case has no connection with roses.
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE - KING OF THE LUMBERJACKS — WITH — JOHN PAYNE GLORIA DICKSON -plusthree CHEERS FOR THE IRISH — WITH — PRISCILLA LANE THOMAS MITCHELL
— NEXT WEEK — Come On Chillun and Get Your ChillinI KAY KYSER in "YOU'LL FIND OUT'
Hass Tells Sdence's Part In War Industry “The only way we will ever get out of this war is to make it so hellish that people will want peace,’’ Dr. Henry B, Hass, head of the chemistry department, told members of the University agricultural staffs attending their regular monthly luncheon meeting in the Union building Monday. Dr. Hass described how American sdentists, particularly chemists.
have met the challenge of obtaining strategic materials for national defence. He told how a German-Jew scientist through discoveries enabled Germany to stretch the first World War from a period of six months to four years. American scientists, in universities and industry during the past score of years, he explained, have broken the Japanese monopoly on camphor by producing the product synthetically from tui^pentine. American-made nylon is now replacing silk, which in case of emergency will go into national defense rather than women’s hose.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
TEXAS STAGECOACH — WITH — CHARLES STARRETT
PLUS-
TAKE THIS oath with GORDON JONES JOYCE COMPTON IT'S FIRST RUN — ALSO —
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
Student Orchestra Will Appear Sunday The University Orchestra will provide the regular Music Room program from 4 to 5 o’clock Sunday afternoon in the north ballroom of the Union. Appearing for the first time this year in the series of Sunday afternoon concerts sponsored by the Student Union, the orchestra has a membership, increased from 50 to 63, which includes winners of the first division ratings in national music contests. Evelyn Gullion and Jean Miller will be featured harpists. Other specialities include a string quartet, violin duet, flute trio, trumpet trio, marimba duet and violin and marimba solos. c.r.w.
—The Ratio — 3.93 • to 1 Somebody wrote us a note yesterday asking us to tell them how it was possible for Beta Don Haines to get lipstick not only on his shirt but also on the back of his neck? Well, about the only answer we know for that one is, “You know the Beta’s.” To find out Rnsrthing more, you’ll have to take the matter up with the advice to the lovelorn,or something. There certainly was a gang of us at the free movie night before last and you who didn’t come really missed a good time. Mike Byelene had a few, so he gave the farewell speech for the rest of the boys. Jim Miller told a good one on Bill Neff and himself. In their sophomore year they were going with the same girl and Bill finally put his pin on her. Naturally, this was the parting of a couple of good friends. Nbt to be daunted, however, Jim happened to see her before the Ohio State game of that year and made a date with her for after the game—not knowing that Bill had done the same thing. Well, as it turned out, the girl kept neither of the dates for the simple reason that she got married to another guy that same afternoon. Jim and Bill are now great friends. Dave Rankin finally explained how Swede Anderson happened to be hit on the head by Galvin’s pass in the Iowa game. It seems that Dave had a date in the stands someplace and was trying to locate her and when they called that play, which wasn’t Swede’s play at all, Dave asked him to run down the field and try and locate her. Sooooo, that’s what Swede was doing when the ball hit him on the head.iWomen sure are the root of all evil. One more thing about football players and then we’re through. A1 Luego was introduced as a Pi Phi pledge and we’d like to know why. Will somebody please elucidate on that point? We sure would appre-
SATURDAY, NOV; 30 SAM H.MMWW PraMMaifw •non MKRrMf SEaS-KAUFMAN SOISATKM THE MAN WHO CAME TO DINNER Ct^ CLIFTON W£BB — SEATS NOW ON SALE — EVENING AT BlOO— 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20, $2.75 MATINEE AT 2:30— 55e, 83c, $1.10, $1.65 Box. OHice Open—11:00 a. m. —9:00 p. m. —Phone 7903 for Reservations—
LUMA Today - Fri. - Sat. — 2 HITS it’S ^ ss
£xfio§mdL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By. Licthy
“You know we have a date tonight! Why can’t you just play any old phonograph on your wave length like the big stations ?”
ciate it I You know, you’d think that Jean Ann Ruffner was the girl that the Sigma Chi Sweetheart song was written about, she’s so popular over there. She’s dated at least five of the boys. They better watch a Lambda Chi by the name of Bill Miller, though, because he’s doing his best to cut their water off. When you can keep a Sig from pinning a girl around here you’re pretty good. Military Boxing . . . winners in the final bouts fought last Tuesday night are: 115 pounds, V. Singleton; 135 pounds, B. Phillips; 145 pounds, A. Wilkens;
160 pounds, G. Stauber; 176 pounds, K. Smack; and heavyweight, W. Weiss.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity aiid Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
MARS rODAI-FIIIDAt
UnmSIU? BIG DAYS -STARTING TODAY-
CECIL B. DeMILLE’s NORTH WEST MOUNTED POLICE CECIL B. DeMlLLE in Technicolor!
NOTE: Instead of Road Show Prices, We are Happy to Announce the Following Scale of Popular Prices . , , 35 and 40e to 6 —• 40 and 50c Aftor 6 — Including Tax Children 15c All Day — Night Prices Ail Day Sunday
M /
fp>
'it!
■■I
iv
ft
i4,i
■i-h
1
V’-i(PufudiJUL ixponjufdL
Thtusday, Nolrembcur 28,1940
fi/ctan 3 “SpBJtii
Aeromodellers Will Award Trophy At Contest Sunday The Purdue Aeromodellers will hold their last outdoor meet of the year at Miller's Field Sunday, when the club trophy will be awarded to the member with the highest three flight average. All types of gas models are eligible to compete. An indoor ROG (Rise Off Ground) contest will be held in the Fieldhouse Sunday, December 8. A “bull session” meeting will be held in the Union workshop at 7:30 o’clock Friday night.' Orders for motors may be placed then, p.g.h.
THIS COAT IS
OSpaqiftDL^ MOTHPROOF SHOWERPROOF ^^Alpagora" is unlike any coat youVe ever owned . . . different with its silk-like fleece fabric that's so light, soft, and durable. It is showerproof and guaranteed moth-proof for two full years . . . and \he price is proof that it is America's greatest coat value. $2750 AS FEATURED IN
'^juUwfiiu 316 State St. Phone 2237
Boilermaker Grid Squad Picks Most Troublesome'Opponents Name and Team, Position Class Ht. Wt. Home Town Charlie Anderson (OS), LE Soph 5-11' 189 Massilon, O. Urban Odson (Minn), LT. Jr 6-3 235 Clark, S. D. Bill Nosker (OS), LG Sr 6-11 191 Columbus, O. Lou DeFilippo (Ford), C Sr 6-2 212 East Haven, Conn. Dick Embick (Wis), RG Sr 6-9 195 Chicago, IIL Joe Ungerer (Ford), RT. Sr 6 203 Bethlehem, Pa. Eddie Rncinski (Ind), RE. Sr 6-3 190 East Chicago Don Scott (OS), QB Sr 6-1 208 Canton, O. George Franck- (Minn), HB Sr 6 175 Davenport, la. Len Eshmont (Ford), HB Sr 5-10 170 Atlas, Pa. Bill Green (Iowa), FB Jr 6-1 202 ^Newton,la. By Phil Johnson Three Rams, three Buckeyes, two Gophers, and singleton Badgers, Hoosiers and Hawkeyes comprise the 1940 Boilermaker All-Opponent eleven, a team selected by the Riveters themselves representing the finest of all of the players faced in the exteiisive eight game schedule. Only One Soph Ungerer, also of Fordham, over Only one sophomore was able to gnich win the accord of the gridders-a Paffrath, Minnesota quar180 pound negro end from Ohio terback, and Bill Daley, a sophoState, Charlie Anderson. The dusky j^ore Gopher fullback, were close gridder played one of his best challengers for their respective pogames of the season against the ^ut were edged out by Scott Boilermakers, starring both defen- Green sively and offensively. Charlie prepped at Massilon, Ohio, where he teamed arith three members of . the present Gold and Blach aggre- ™ “ gation, Rocky Snyder, Mike Bye- Saturday e^ed the Hoo^sier end a lene and Oo-captain-elect Jim Mil- p” ‘>'1 contingent, the only downstater to receive recognition. Outstanding because of their It was hot surprising to note that omission were Buckeye center George Paskvan, "Wisconsin ace White, Gopher Bruce Smith and fullback, was not named on the Mike Enich, Iowa captain and right team, as the powerful Badger back tackle. The Boilermakers chose the displayed very poor form in the Fordham Captain Lou DeFilippo, Boilermaker Homecoming tilt, endone of the best centers in the East, ing the game with an average of over the Ohio State pivotman; Len less than 1.6 yards per lunge at the Eshmont over Bruce Smith, and Joe Riveter line.
Preparations For Annual Aquacade Completed; Jaretz, Kiefer To Appear
Sigma Chi Wins Over Phi Kappa Tau in Final Game Of Tournament Battling on an icy field and in the face of an equally icy wind. Sigma Chi’s touchball squad defeated the Phi Kappa Tau team, 6-0, to take the championship in the inter-fra-ternity touchball tournament. A long pass from Crawford to Shaver on the first play of the game brought the first and only tally by either team. ' During the rest of the first half neither goal was seriously threatened and the period ended as a Phi Kappa Tau man intercepted a long pass by Crawford. The second half was a passing and punting duel, with the exception of a nice rim by Posse, which netted the Sigma Chis 20 yards. Until the end of the game Phi Kappa Tau threatened their opponent’s six-point lead as Fisher repeatedly heaved long passes deep into enemy territory only to have them batted down, p.b.l. IM Schedules
WHY LOOK LIKE AN OCEAN FREIGHTER? When it Rains ... Wear ALLIGATOR
Presenting The ALLIGATOR KNEE LENGTH COAT We styled this coat for YOU it’s short, full cut, has heavy stitching at bottom and cuffs . . . and has a water repellent finish that will give long lasting dependable service. Superbly tailored of Alligator’s new Stormwind cloth—light weight yet wind and dust proof! See it today!
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16 7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16
7:00 8:00 9:00 7:00 8:00 9:00 7:00 8:00 9:00
BASKETBALL—TODAY Court 1, C. H. Rechenbach Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi Delta Upsilon va. Theta Chi Court 2, G. Doherty Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Acacia vs. Kappa Delta Rho Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Pi vs. Kappa Sigma Court 3, R. J. McCarthy Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpte Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha Beta Sigma Psi vs. Triangle Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Xi Court 4, W. B. McAdams Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Chi Rho Delta Tau Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Chi
SQUASH—TODAY Court 1 Phi Kaima Psi vs. Theta Xi Sigma Nu vs. Theta Tau Tau Kappa fjpsilon vs. Sigma Pi Court 2 Tau Epsilon Phi va. Alpha Chi Rho Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau Court 3 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi ^ppa Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Upsilon
Belle-Sbarmeer CUTS DOWN ON RUNS AT THE STRAIN ZONE
3 Package sizes 25c - 50c - $1.00 A dd Calgon to woter whenever you bathe, wash your face and hands, > shampoo your ludr, wash your hosiery or bathe the baby. Makes ^ an water ^ky soft Keeps skin soft, frM fr^ irritation. Prevents dry, ]oo|^, red, c&tpped hands due to minerals in water. Hospitals xecomasend It tor baby bath and laundry. Soap rinses oompletdy away. Mimy tfane yon wash anything, insure Its lovdllness with Calgon. Docton, dermatologists, home economists, aU endorse Calgon. Qdgoa b not a cosmetic but b based on a substance having proved thcn^entic and proph^daede qualities.
DOWNSTAIRS STORE
Belle-Sharmeer relieves Stocking strain where strain begins with a stretchable insert called Strain-Ease. It’s_ fashioned into your perfect fitting leg size and always comes above your knees and below your garters. The strain zonel Ask for: Brev for smalls Hodlte for middlings Duohess for tails Here exclusively $1.35 to $1.65 a pair THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Since all preparations for the annual Aquacade are virtually completed, Dick Papenguth yesterday afternoon gave his mermen a brief respite from the lengthy practice sessions of the past month. The show which is sponsored by the swimming team and Coach Papenguth, together with the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, will be open to students and townspeople tomorrow and Saturday nights. Some tickets^ are still available at the Fieldhouse oflBce, while others may be purchased from Triton and Dolphin members. The price is forty cents.
Plunging Flash
Bleachers have been assembled on all sides of the pool and will provide 700 comfortable seats. Neil Stillwell, for many years the outstanding plunging star of the country, will emerge from a twenty-year retirement to display the talents which once saw him do an under-water-trek of 83 feet, a record that still stands unbroken.
Fraternify Aquatic Meet Entries Due December 2 All fraternities wishing to participate in the annual inter-fratemity swimming meet which is to be held Wednesday, December 4, should be sure that their entry blanks are turned in by December 2. Although entries may be changed during the meet, not more than two men from any one fraternity may participate in any single event except the relays. Conference rules limit the number of events to three for any one man, including the relays. M. L. Clevett, recreation director, requests that all the participants be at the pool promptly at 4:10 p. m. Team trophy and medals will be given to individual winners. Twen-ty-five points for participating, five for the winner and three for irun-ner-up is the plan for awarding points. w.h.h. (Continued from page 1)
I
Varsity Downs
his forward spot, equaling Forrest Weber’s total. Weber’s underbasket work netted him three field goals. Blanken and Tierney, regulars of last year, controlled the ball on the floor with their old-time skill. Frosh Freshman leaders were Swantz, center; Zehring and Taylor, forwards; and Menke, another center. The frosh squad is an aggressive bimch of boys with no stars, but several players who can fit into Coach Lambert’s machines of the next three years. Lineup and complete scoring is as follows: VARSITY FG FT PF Hoffman, f. .... .0 1 0 Seabors;, f 1 0 4 Fields, f - j 8 0 1 Sumner, f. 1 0 1 Kiefer, f 3 2,0 Blanken, £ 2 0 3 Close, f 0 0 0 feney, f 4 0 0 Krampe, c 1 0 0 Weber, c 3 0 2 Neutzel, c 0 10 Korshot, c. 10 4 Riley, g. 2 10 Polk, B. 2 0 1 Conrad, g 0 0 0 Blemker, b- 2 0 2 Adams, g 0 0 3 Tierney, g 2 0 1 Caress, b 1 0 0 Totals 28 6 22 FROSH , FG FT PP Shelby, f 0 0 0 Taylor, f 2 0 8 ZehrinB, f 10 0 LauBhner, f. 10 0 Wrifcht, f. 0 10 Worick, f 10 1 Grove, f. 0 0 0 Parrish, f 10 0 Hites, f 0 10 Swantz, c. 2 11 Menke, c 0 8 2 Lawson, c 10 0 Brower, g 0 0 1 EtlinB, g. 10 0 Friend, g 0 11 McGrath, g 111 Dickman, g. 12 0 Anderson, g - 0 10 Wooden, b. 0 0 1 Miller, b 0 10 Kahlenbeok, g 0 0 0 Totals .'. 17 18 11 Score at end'of first half: Varsity. 33; Frosh, 24.
Stillwell is a resident of Lafayette and was persuaded by Papenguth to try for some of the laurels that once made him the foremost performer of his time in that event. Prior to the second decade of this century, plunging was a part of regular competition in amateur swimming meets, but it has since been abolished. Due to the fact that the Fieldhouse tank is shorter than the regulation size, Stillwell must try for time in his plunges. Schoolboy Stars Dick had remarked before that Neil was a large man. Last evening he came over to the water emporium for some practice and proved that everything Dick said about him was true. Indeed, he might be called the Man Mountain Dean of swimming, for he weighs in the neighborhood of 300 pounds, and he almost deposited the waters of the pool in the upper tier of seats when he dove in. 'Two scholastic swimmers from Chicago’s Lane Tech, Heidki and Koslowski, who were selected as All-AmericEm schoolboy team members, will be two of the headliners for tomorrow night. They will couple with one of the Boilermaker standouts in attempting to establish a new record in one of the free style distances. Two Youngsters Other featured performers wiR be Hubley, national "YMCA' diving champion, and Pete Reiser, phenomenal eleven-year-old diver from Ziawrenceville, Hlinois. In addition to this latter yonthfnl aqnatic star, the water carnival wiU also present fourteen-year-old Patty Aspinall of Indianapolis. Patty has had the benefits of Papenguth’s coaching for some years now and first came to the attention of the Riveter mentor when he was at the Indianajiolis Athletic Club. The girls’ water ballet has- held numerous practice sessions recently and is prepared to give a good demonstration. The results of the various individual showings in the forthcoming Aquacade will tell Papenguth much about who to select for his trip to Florida daring the Christmas vacation, as well as for the meet with Northwestern the first of the year. Tomorrow night’^ show will feature many record breaking attempts, with all of tomorrow's performers returning on Saturday evening in addition to Art Jaretz and Adolph Kiefer. 'These two men are standouts in their field and will journey from Chicago tciheon hand for the festivities. o.t.c. '
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT COLLEGE CUPBOARD 322 Northwestern Ave. Quality - Quonfity MEALS - 25i‘ up - i" —Open— 6:30 A.M. to 11:30 P.M.If:
Cotiiity High School Students Meet Here Students of Tippecanoe County high schools met yesterday on the campus in an all-day student guidance coherence. Purpose of the conference was to give the students an opportunity to listen to discussions and lectures concerning occupations and professions. Students registered in the Union at 9 o’clock yesterday morning and then attended a meeting in the south ballroom at which representative members of the student body and faculty discussed the question, “After High School — What?” When this general session was over, the conferees divided into smaller groups in order to give each individual student an opportunity to ask questions. After lunch the same plan was used. The conference closed at 3 o’clock. r.a.t.
Names In The News On South Campus By Dale E. Bntz Papers by University agricultural specialists, B. A. Krantz and A. P. Bell, will be read at 1:he meeting of the Soil Science Society ne?:t week in Chicago. T. M. Bushnell, in charge of soil survey work in Indiana, will serve as chairman of several of the sectional meetings.
During the last week livestock judging teams have been practicing at the University farms. Thus far eight teams representing colleges as far south as the Carolinas, as far north as Cornell and as far west as Missouri have judged University livestock. These teams are practicing for the intercollegiate judging contest to be held Saturday at the International Livestock Show in Chicago.
Prof. E. C. Stair of the horticulture department and his class in systematiefruit and vegetable planning spent yesterday on sfti inspection trip of the Muck Cr<^ Show being held this week at Garrett.
E. F. Martell, head of the forestry department, is spending the last part of this week in sqqtherq Indiana inspecting Pittmap-Robeytson forestry projects. William B. Barnes, state leader of the projects, is apeompanying Dr. Martell on the inspection trip.
Students in the rural econoipics and general agriculture qptions formed a Fanq Management Club at a meeting hel4 Ttiesday evening in the Horticultural Building when a constituticm was tentatively adopted and the follpwing officers elected: president, J. Waley; vice president, G. Abshjer; secretary, C. Kirkpatrick, and treasurer, H. Aipsler.
Dr, T. K. Gowden of the farm management departmenl; ahd ^0 members of his cooperative marketing class spenl^ 'I'uesday In Indianapolis studying cooperative markciiing facilities there.
Many University agricultqr^ staff members will takfi ?n nctiye part in the Inteniaticn^t I4vest9?V: hl^ppsition and other agrip^ti^i nieetings being l»eld in Gbieago
v^k.
At the National 4-H Club Congress Harry Ainsworth will be in charge of the livestock judging contests. Other 4-H leaders who will also serve as judges, or on committees, are J. G. Ralston, F. L. McResmolds, Mary Musten, Edna Troth, Mary Wilsey ai^d Damon Catron. Prof. A. T. Wiancko will again assist in selecting the world's corn king, while Prof. J. R. Wiley will judge spotted Poland China hogs. Indiana Corn Growers’ Association will be represented at tl’^e annual meeting of the International Crop Improvement Assoeiation by Prof. K. E. Beeson. Special papers by Dr. W. W. Worzella, Dr. G. H. Cutler, Harry (look and Dr. George Scarseth will be read at various meetings. The Association of College and |leference Librarians has named a committee of six to study and organize services of university ahd reference libraries for national de-
lense.
(Continued from page 1) British Announce
would consider every means to get American goods to its customers. There are old merchant ships that require only reconditioning, he
added.
Shipping Question Paramount Purvis pointed out that his commission would not be concerned with possible transfer of warships as United States law prohibits the sale of war vessels to a belligerent in wartime. The shipping question, which clearly was uppermost in Purvis’ mind, was discussed frankly last night in a broadcast by Ronald H. Cross, minister of shipping. “Our losses during the inactive first part of the war were about 20,000 tons weekly; since June, losses have averaged 60,000 tons weekly,” the minister stated. “Our shipyards aie working to the utmost and yre are naturally Jiinxious to get more ships built overseas and we are looking primarily to the shipyards of the United States since, by themselves, the resources of the Empire are not enough,” the minister stated Pleased By U. S. Plane Output Turning to airplane production, Purvis expressed himself as more than satisfied with the way in which American production is going and described as “ndiculously small” the estimate of 400 planes weekly for Britain which has been mentioned in the press He refused to give even a rough estimate of the numbei now being produced, or likely to materialize in future, but added that if he were a German he would begin to get pretty worried next year at the rate of flow from the United States British orders have been most useful in building up American production for the American rearmament program, Purvis suggested, and the United States ha^ been able to profit from Britain’s fighting experience to produce the latest types of all kinds of war materials. The ever-growing standardization of American and British types of tanks and planes speeds up production and is valuable to both Britain and the United States. He had been particularly struck by the difference of attitude of business between the last war and this, Purvis stated. “United States industry has not sought munitions orders this time. It does not regard them as profitable and there is none of the war profiteering spirit,” he said. “Prices are a fraction of what they wei;'e in the last war.” Bombsight Production Speeds Both the growth of the machine tool industry and the speed with which the Sperry bombsights, recently released to Britain, are being turned out, he found impressive On the whole, Purvis felt satisfied with almost everything but the shipping question which, he Stressed, was something only the United States could decide on. But the problem of communications between Britain and the United States is becoming increasingly serious. Often the British wish to send expert tephnicians to the United States to deal with orders and the United States wishes to send observers and technicians over theve. The fact that Clippers are the only available form of quick transportation, nnd that bad weather holds them up from time to time, makes this increasingly difficult.
Fred PereHe, Riveler He* Captain, Chosen As Guard On College All-Star Team Every Boilermaker who follows basketball remembers Fred Beretta, one of the grestest guards that ever played ball for the Riveters. Now he is playing in such company as Ralph Vaughn, who starred af the University of Sopth(ern California; Bill Hapac, formerly of Illinois; Rex Ellis of Notre Dame; Bob Caliban, who played with Detroit; Erwin Prasse, an Iowa alumni; Stan Szukala, formerly of DePaul; and Marv Huffman, who fought in the ranks of the Hoosiers. The game tomorrow evening in the Chicago Stadium against the Harlem Globe Trotters will serve to re-emphasize the position of the jlnidwest in basketball. The AllStar team is coached by Coach Dutch L 0 n b o r g, Northwestern coach. Anyone who has not seen the Harlem Globe Trotters, professional champions, should take the opportunity of attending a game in the Lafayette Armory Sunday, December 1. The Kautskys will offer competition at that time Seveial formei Boilermakei greats will be staired in Sunday’s game, w.h h. Poultry Products Judging Team Starts 2-Day Tour Five membeis of the Univeisity poultry judging team and their coach. Prof. E E Schnetzler, left yesterday for a two-day piactice judging trip near Winamac and Cedar Lake From theie, the team will go to Chicago to compete in the national intercollegiate judging contests on Saturday These contests are held in connection with the International Livestock Exposition. The following five students are making the trip: C L Breeden, M, E Jackson, E. J. Morthland, G. L. Seaicy and P. C. Smyth. Three of them will be chosen Saturday to compose the team, p g.h.
Dr. §P9#N Fri«t«iy At Annual Parents' Dinner Parents of University p^ud|?nts in Marion and surrounding counties will meet for their annual fall gettogether dinner tomorrow night at 6:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the United Life Insurance Building in Indianapolis. Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak on the subject, “Questions I Would Ask If I Were A Purdue Parent.” W. H. Hanley, ’ll, director of engineering at Ell Lilly and Company in Indianapolis, will speak on “An Engineer’s Recent Experiences in Europe.” In addition to these two speakers, Dr. Robert Phillips, advisor to the Purdue Parents’ Association, and other University representatives will take part in the meeting after dinner d o All states in the union and 18 foreign countries are represented by students at Northwestern university
Experts at the University of California have developed a new type grapefruit by crossing the ordinary grapefruit with the mandarin
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and addipK machines new and used, for sale, rent and repaired All mates of portable typewriters, $29 7B to $69 BO Office supplies Mimeograph and multigraph work. C F Ebershoff, 605 Main St Phone 2779
FOR RENT For Rent. Euss-Rent-A-Car Service Cars for all occasions Min $2 50 all night Phone 2407
Lost Yellow gold Hamilton men’s wrist watch with fibre strap Reward Call P H. Decker, 6036 Lost Man s gold Elgin wrist Watch Saturday at football game B R Kraybill. 75783 Reward
Needed Badly! Maroon “Engineering Metallurgy ’ text lost in EE lab Tuesday Phone 75254
Lost Lambda Chi -pin If found please bring to house or phone 8411 Liberal reward
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licthy
New Youth for Old Hats If your favorite hat has been taking a kick-ing-around these last few weeks, bring it to us. We’ll clean it and reblock it so it looks like new! The price? 30c
Crown Laundry FINE cleaners of FINE CLOTHES
Notices
Scabbard anfl Blade: There wiU be a formal meeting for actives only on Thursday, November 28, at 7 89 p m. In Room 808 of the Union. —MEBSE. Noyiee Pistol i Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol grpnp may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will he the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN. Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:15 p. m. and Thursday, November 28, at 7:15 p. m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m, every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:15 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, and Thursday, November 28 Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4 45 pm, every day of week atarting Sunday, November 24, at 4 46 P m , and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. 1 —SMITH
WAA Volleyball Callonts: Pimctipe T^eaday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —KiBgOFF. Christian Science Organlsatlim: Regqiar meeting Thursday, Not'ember 28, 7:80 p. m,, room 802, Union. —gUBROUC|lBlS. Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, Novem^r 28, at 7 :S0 p. m. in room 828 of Unlqa. Bring your dues. —^KANE. ^crivaner: All Scrivener acdYcs are required to report for a 16-minute interview between 1 and 4 p. m Saturday, November 80. Bring receipt books, if you haVe one. -ALEXANDER. All Freshmen’ Those interested in working on Scrivener staff report to office between 1 and 4 p. m. Saturdw, November 80. —ALEXANPBR Vocational Education Seniors: Everyone interested in the group plan for purchasing automobiles please meet at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, November 28, in Room 212 of the Union —DAVIS.
Wesley Players: Meeting Thursday from 8 to 9 p m at West Lafayette Methodist Church —PETERSON.
Newman Club: Monthly communion will take place Sunday, December 1. Breakfast will follow at 9 30 a m There will be a mass Sunday, December 8, instead of Sunday, December 1, as previously announced. —LUERS.
Wesley Foundation: Millionaires party Friday evening, 8 p m, at Foundation house Admission 20c per couple, or 10c plus 5c bachelor’s tax per person Bring a date and get a million dollars -WAGNER
Activities Bureau Workers: Sophqmoreq report to activities bureau office for important meeting at 4 p m, Thursday, November 28 —GIMLIN.
YWCA* Meeting Thursday, November 28, in the YWCA office —BRYANT
All Girls: You are invited free of charge sixth PIA dance class lesson Thursday, ir 28, at 7.80, in north ballroom of
-HUMPHREY
Union
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, November 28, in room 807 of Union at 7 30 p m Visitors welcome —LONG
Speech 16-A Students: Schedule for the speeches IS posted on class door. —CARMICHAEL
All Sophomoreq: Men who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col White, Lt McMaken, or Lt Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory —TORMEY
Pi Tan Sigma: Informal initiation at SAB house Thursday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m Pledges wear old clothes and bring large clean handkerchief Actives be present —WIST
Scabbard And Blade Pledges: Pledge meetings at 7 20 a m Thursday, November 28, and at 7 a m Friday, November 29 Wear uniforms on both occasions —BLACKWELL
Sigma Delta Chi; Pledges and actives meet Friday, November 29, at 4 15 in the Exponent office Pledges bring signed replicas Short —MoKEE
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, November 28, at 4 p m in Armory —AULL
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet in room 866 of Union at 6.16 p m Sunday, December 1 Formal initiation —MYERS
Camera Club. Carl Miller of Weston Lo will talk on * The Weston Meter’’ Thursday, November 28, at 7 30 p. m in room 863 Lecture will be illustrated All invited —QEPHART. WAA Council Nembers: Meeting at 8 16 Thursday, November 28, in Women’s gym —LARWELL Alpha Zeta • There will be no meeting this week —STEWART
Ail Debate Managers: Report to debate office at 4 p m Thursday, November 28 Return all rooming lists without fail —LEE
Model Aeroplane Builders: Last outdoor contest Sunday, December 1, on Jdiller’s Field weather permitting —QBORSKI
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, November 28, in Union Movies of last year’s Gymkhana and other horse shows will be shown —GRAHAM
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinie OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fir Hain St. Phorif 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1I9V4 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Bus Information
CHICAGO —f2.95 R. T. GARY ,. ..2 9$ R. T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R.T. INDIANAPOLIS 2>I0 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
• Hardware
/ Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse—Lower^ Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
‘I’m just going to make another payment on the engjagement ring, honey!—Do you still love me?”
ANNOUNCING the opening pf (jdidJland!L Friday — Nov. 29th — DANCING — Get a date and take advantage of opr ^^Date Specials^* Frqsted IVf^Its 2 for 15c not CHocoMte 2 for 15c Home Made Chili J 2 for 25c Weiner, Roll ahd Potato Chips LeUs Go! 136 Northwestern Ave. ( West Lpfayette
14
14?
fri
X'J
¥i
IRIIIlHi