i
^ IT
/ . ^ S-^
^ 1 r*
I
m
^ k. )«
exponent sums up the turn of events in the World's war.
5 ' £oijbihm£ik£ftA,^fiafL SeAsion, QL 5 ^W. Jodouf. Purdue Exponent tr^tan.
Want in ha an acioif Walla saya to turn out at 4 p. m. tomorrow*
Volume 52, No. 27
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thundoy, October 10, 1940
' k
241 Co-ed Rushees Register; Teas Open Sorority Rushing Invitations For Informal Parties Issued Tomorrow Two hundred and forty-one freshman women had registered for XJniTrersity informal sorority rush by 5 o’clock last night, according to PanHellenic officials. Rush actually opened yesterday afternoon with teas at all chapter houses. The teas, held from 3 to 5:30 o’clock, will continue today. Rushees will liave an opportunity to attend every house during the duration of rush. Invitations for informal parties will be issued tomorrow. These par-Co-ed rushees are urged to go to sorority houses before 5 o’clock in order that they may be free to attend the pep session. However, the sororities will continue to hold open house until 5:30, as was originally planned. ties will be held Saturday and Sunday afternoons from 2 to 6 o’clock. Informal dinners will continue through next week. The formal preference dinners, closing rush, will be held Friday, October 18. Mrs. Clifford Rader, sorority rush advisor, will keep the following office hours in room 364 of the Union during rush week: Friday, October 11—3 to 6:30 p. m.; Saturday, October 12—7:30 to 8:30 p. m.; Monday, October 14— 3 to 5:30 p. m.; Friday, October 18— 7:30 a. m.*«*o 1 p^ m. and 8 to 9 p. m. Hours that are scheduled for Monday, October 14, will also be in effect on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, October 16 to 17. Mrs. Rader will be available during these hours to aid freshman coeds with their rushing problems, m.h.
The Haiidwriting On The Wall Just a little over a year ago this unleashing of brute force called war was begun. At that time, the Gallup poll and public sentiment in general in the United States was opposed to war. Everyone was supersensit^ve to propaganda, regarding even straight news with a suspicious eye and ear. That was thirteen months ago. That was before the fall of Czechoslovakia, before the sack of Norway, before the treacherous surrender of Belgium, and before the cowardly collapse of self-indigent France. These facts the historian has already recorded. He must also record that the United States abandoned her arms embargo in favor of a “come and get it” policy. He must record that we as a nation have gone further than that. We have sent machines of war to aid a nation at war. This is not the action of a neutral country. Has then the sentiment of a nation swung from nonisolationism to intervention? That is a question about which even the people are not sure. It is questionable whether propaganda has brought about our present frame of mind or whether the change of world events has actually caused this vacillation of opinion. It may be a combination of both. But it remains that we are on the fence. But can we stay there ? And the answer to that question is a very definite “No.” Why'? Because we are already going downhill on the road to war. Every day that German planes fly over the British Isles brings our entry into the conflict that much closer; every bomb that rocks the city of London also shakes the peace that we would preserve for all time. This was the inevitable consequence of our abandonment of strict neutrality. If we didn’t know it then, we know it now. Whether we have chosen the right course in these matters is not for us to say. Only God knows and history will give the answer to posterity, if our race survives to have a" posterity. That the United States will soon go to war now seems inevitable to us. This is not a belated prophecy nor a timorous “aye” to the prophecy of others. It is a conviction grown strong not by the events of the past few days in the East but by the too steady flow of rumors in newspaper columns and the conversations of certain well informed news correspondents. True, these men have been wrong before but a careful analysis of our situation brings the observer to the same conclusions. That war is still as hateful to everyone now as it was a year ago is unquestionable; that the people of the United States would like to stay out of war is likewise unquestionable. Whether we can maintain our peace is a question which only God can answer. To us it looks as if a miracle will be necessary to save us. Maybe He can arrange for that, too.
'It's On To Michigan' As Year's Second Pep Session Starts At 5 This Afternoon Second pep session of the year, prior to the Purdue-Michigap State game at Eas^ Lansing, Mich., Saturday afternoon, will get under way this afternoon at 5 o'clock on the comer of Grant and State streets in front of the Union. The University mascot, the “Boilermaker Special,” has been reconditioned and provided with a light and will lead the parade from the Union to the Big Four station. The train will leave the station at 5:48 p. m.
.. According to an announcement by Bill Delmer, manager of yell leadeis, the three newly-elected co-ed yell leaders, Kae Weber, Penny Staudt and Jean Barrett, will be on hand. A speaker’s platform will be erected at the station and those In charge hope to have a public address system so that the speakers may be heard. Change Dinner Times? Delmer expressed the hope that fraternities, sororities and the halls would aryhnge their dinner times so that attendance would be high. Gimltets, Reamers, Skull and Crescent members and Gold Peppers will be on hand to keep order. An appeal is made to those who plan to attend the pep session to keep order and stay away from the band. During the last pep session damage amounting to ten dollars was done to instruments in the band. r.m.r.
Theta Xi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Jim Trask, Michigan City, r.m.r. Thos^ seniors who missed their original appointment for Debris pictures should go to room 60 in the Union basement to make |iew appointments as soon as possible. The office is open until 5:30 o’clock each evening.
Indiana County Agents Elect Smith President;. Name Vice-Presidents W. G. Smith of New Castle was elected president, yesterday, of the Indiana County Agricultural Agents Association at a meeting of the annual Agricultural Extension Workers’ Conference now in progress at the University. R. E. Grubbs of Nashville was elected secretary-treasurer. Three vice-presidents were named: E. F. Brown, Rushville, representing the county agents; M. A. Caldwell, Crown Point, representing the assistant county agents; and Miss Charlotte Etter, Rockville, representing the home demonstration agents. Yesterday’s Discussions Yesterday’s sessions included discussions on general policies and recent developments in rural life affecting extension work. B. L. Hummell, rural sociologist of Virginia and formerly of the University, addressed the conference on this topic. The conference, attended by home demonstration agents, county agricultural agents, assistant county agents, community institute state speakers, and subject matter extension specialists, wilj continue until tomorrow noon. r.s,k.
Freddy Shaffer To Play For PI A Informal Dance PIA will open its social activities tomorrow night with an informal dance from 9 to 12 o’clock in both ballrooms of the Union featuring Freddy Shaffer and his 13-piece allgirl orchestra. Freddy Shaffer was formerly associated with Paul Whiteman and at present is playing at the Clayiiool Hotel in Indianapolis. PIA members will be admitted upon presentation of their membership tickets, while tickets for nonmembers are one dollar. Memberships will be taken until 5:30 p. m. tomorrow in the PIA office, the membership booth outside the Sweet Shop and in the Cary Hall postoffice. Tomorrow is the last day that the date bureau functions for this dance. Co-eds do not need membership cards to sign up. Activities of PIA will be pictured around the PIA lapel pin for the back drop. Damon Elder, social chairman of PIA, is in charge of the dance. Lou Breese and his orchestra will play for the regular Union mixer on October 26, not tomorrow night as stated in yesterday’s Exponent. m.f. Metallurgists Will Hold Second Meeting TonigM The American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers will hold a meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical building. This will be the organization’s second meeting of the year. A secretary for the coming yeat will be elected during the business session. G. W. Stewart, instructor in the school of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, will present colored slides of his recent western trip. r.m.r.
Wicks Will Speak At Season's First Religious Convo 'Bewildered Generation' Topic Of Sunday's Talk Dr. Robert R. Wicks, dean of the Princeton university chapel, will speak on the topic, "A Bewildered Generation,” at the first religious convocation of the year next Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Sunday’s address will make the fourth appearance of Dean Wicks on the campus. Wicks is much sought-after as a religious speaker by various clubs and universities. Recently he has addressed the student bodies of Vassar, the University of Virginia, the University of North Carolina and Vanderbilt and Ohio Wesleyan universities. The practice o| presenting a short organ recital before the actual start of the religious convocation will be continued this year, as the organ has been moved from Fowler Hall to the Hall of Music. / The 260-voice University Concert Choir will present a program of two anthems, “Prayer” and “Send Forth Thy Spirit,” during the course of the convocation, d.t.b. Enders To Discuss Far-East Situation At Meeting Tonight Gordon Enders, of the history, economics and government department, will present and analyze ^the “intricate situation now developing in the Far East” at 7:30 o’clock tonight in room 212 of the Union. , Enders has been in China for many years, and is a well-known authority on Far Eastern problems. This talk is intended to correlate and qlarify the important events that have been happening during the past few weeks, which resulted in a growing tension in the Pacific, according to Enders. Everybody interested is invited to come to the meeting and participate in the discussions. This talk is sponsored by the University Chinese Students’ club on the Double Ten (October 10) celebration, the twenty-nineth anniversary of the Republic of China. j.f.a. Ceres Plans Annual Freshman Hayride Ceres, agronomy honorary, yesterday announced that the annual freshman hay ride for agricultural students will be held tomorrow afternoon, starting from Agricultural Hall at 4 o’clock. Transportation will be provided to the soils a|id crops farm where haywagons to ckrry the freshmen will be waiting. Introductions Here Prof. F. E. Robbins, Ceres sponsor, Carl Johnson, president of Ceres, and the members of teaching, extension, and research staffs will be introduced. After a brief talk by Prof. R. R. Mulvey on the work carried out at the soiM and crops farms, tl!e tour will proceed around the farm. After the tour free refreshments will be served. All freshmen are invited, and anyone desiring to go should fill out one of the blanks provided in agricultural assembly or leave their name in the agronomy office in Agricultural Hall, Ceres officials said yesterday, d.e.b. John Scott ,.. ME '42, who was injured in a glider crash at the Airport last Sunday, is improving favorably, Home Hospital reported last night. * He will be removed from the Home Hospital some time today to hip home in Gary. r.m.r.
Tryouts For All-Campus Show Will Start At 4 PM Tomorrow, Wells States According to Willis Wells, producer, director and co-author of this year’s all-campus show, “Everything But Onions,” those students wishing to try out for the cast will meet in the north ballroom of the Union at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Students who can sing, tap dance, play a njusical instrument, act, or juggle are eligible fo^: tryouts for the cast, Wells said. - This year’s all-campus show is
Beveridge Speech Contest To Start Thursday, Oct. 17 The schedule of the annual Beveridge Speech Contest has been changed to the extent that the preliminary rounds now fall on Thursday, October 17, and will be held in room 310 of University Hall, while the final rounds will he held in the Home Economics Auditorium Tuesday, October 22. Individuals in the contest will compete for the Hays Cup, but all members from any one organization will combine their points in an effort to win the Ankeny Cup. The organization winning this cup will have its name engraved on it. Sign Up All those wishing to take part in the contest should sign up in room 307 of the speech department in University Hall. Different subjects for the five minute speeches are: “Solving the Unemployment Problem,” “Government Ownership of Railroads,” “The Future Engineer,” “The Effect of the War on the United States,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Cooperatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “My Candidate for President of the United States” and “The Problem of Our Highways.” Last year’s contest was won by Maurice Udes and the 1938 contest by Gordon Belles. The six finalists are eligible for the freshman debate team. r.t. Juniors Must Claim Wisconsin Tickets At Fieldhouse Today Today is the last chance for juniors to exchange their passport coupons for reserved tickets for the Wisconsin (Homecoming) game on October 19. Sophomores may get their reserved tickets on October 14 and 15; freshmen on October 16 ^nd 17. By paying the federal tax students so desiring may obtain tickets outside of the student section. All sophomores and freshmen whb have not already done so should call for their passports hy next Tuesday and Thursday, respectively. j.e.c. Camera Club Sponsors Eastman Lecture Tonight “Using Your Miniature Camera” will be the subject of an illustiated lecture which will be presented at the Camera club meeting this evening at 7:30 o’clock in East Faculty Loirfige of the Union. This lectur^ whitjh be the first of sever^ similar lectures to be presented later in the year, was written by the Eastman Kodak company, and is accompanied by slides. George Towle, who will present the lecture, said that similar lectures on topics such as photographic Christmas cards and photographic papers, will be ^iven. Assignments for the club’s new series of monthly picture assignments will be given out at this meeting, and both old and new members are invited to attend. j.a.p.
sponsored by the Student Union on Thanksgiving Day for those students who are unable to go home for the one-day holiday. The show will be presented to the student body and faculty in the Music Hall on November 21. According to Wells, this years show promises to be one of the best in several years. The show is going to open with a “bull-session” in a fraternity house and from this develops into a stage show. Paul Reedy’s campus band will play. The entire show is put on by students. Willis Wells and Bob Hayt wrote the play, and Bob Bauman is dance director, while Bill Smith is in charge of stage settings, r.t. Kent Will Address Year's First Convo Next Tuesday Night Rockwell Kent, noted artist, author and adventurer, will speak on “Art for Everyone” at the first regular convocation of the year next Tuesday night at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Kent has been acclaimed one of the most brilliant and polished speakers on the subject of art in this country. “Art for Everyone” is the dramatic story of the birth of art in America and its social significance. Using pictures to illustrate his discussion, Kent will explain the simple intention of art and will discuss the significant modem works. The Student Union is currently showing in the JMusic Room an exhibit of 40 of Kent’s wood-cuts, lithographs and pen and pencil drawings loaned by the Weyhe Galleries in New York. This exhibition will continue until October 25. Immediately following the convocation next Tuesday night a reception in honor of Rockwell Kent will be held in the Great HaU of the Union. Cider and doughnuts will be served. d.t.b.
All seniors should report to the Student Health Service as soon as possible to arrange for appointments for physical examinations, according to a notice released yesterday by the Student Health Service office.
Get These Facts In Your Notes . . WHEN THINGS .. . around are happenin’ And hell and stuff is poppin’ Now how will you be knowin’ Just how and what is stewin’ And who will you be suein’ Without 'THE YELLOW DOG" Watch your nearest street corner for the University’s own private - —
Diri Humor Fun Satire
in
"THE YEUOW DO©"PURDUS EXPONENT
Thursday. Octobter 10. 1940
1.;
We’ve been reading the newspapers again, and if you believe them you will see that: DUCE BELIEVED READY TO BARE NEW AXIS PLAN And in oiir estimation he will. ' As soon as Adolph says OJi[. Those two boys keep putting tlieir heads together in Brenner Pass. And that gives us an idea on how the Empire can win this fracas. All they have, to do is send a couple of spies, disguised as yodelers, to mine the place. After that they sit and yodel until Adolph and Benito throw another tea party. Then they send up a smoke signal, the king pushes a button in Buckingham Palace. And Hitler can make his last territorial demand on St. Peter. ■ * * * Of course that still leaves the far eastern situation. What with Churchill challenging the Japs to a duel in Singapore against the British navy. And the American marines. ..*.*.* What we’d like to know is who dragged us into that business. m * t But we always have a solution to every problem. Just in case. If our little men of Nippon get out of hand we’ll fix them up good. We’ll have Cordell Hull send them a note demand-
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter, at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act Of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act Of October 8, ldl7, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during; the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.80. ' Editor-In-Chief... R. W. Donahue*’ Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor...........ii — .J. H. McKee Managing Editor. .......4...................D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J.'A.' Purcell, L. W. Ruflner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers j Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ...... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor.... ._...... — J. P. Dolan Associate Blditors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. . Phones: Ediprial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by Kational Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue . Night Editor: Purcell Ass’t Night Editor: Amos Night Sports Editor: Swaim Sophomore staff: D. T. Brophy, R. M. Rockefeller, D. E. Butz, J. Critchfleld, R. S. Kolb, R. A. Tewksbury, M. Howard, M. Fuller, J. A. Fraser, O. T. Clark, R. L. Stephans, and W. H. Hummel.
ing an explanation. iAnd if that doesnt work. F,D.B. can send an ultimatum. d.k.h.
ai re ^\j\Jearinq —
earm^
By MARY KAY
First it seems as though we will get cold weather and then it gets all nice and warm out again. The co-eds are frantic on just what to wear when. It ma;y be cold when you dash to your eight o’clock and either be hot as blazes or raining like mad when you return for lunch. , —wTw—Seen new this week was Jane Blank in a dark green longer length men’s jacket with a tan skirt. ... Jane Pavey with knitting hkg in hand rushes between classes in a grayish brown covert top-coat. While in classes she opens the huge wine knitting bag and knits one and purls two on a purple sweater. .. . And when Olive Metsger wears that blue and red and green plaid skirt with that lipstick red corduroy shirt she vsrill be the subject of many comments. , —wTw— : . ’ Covert is a by word in the man’s store but yet it is as new as next New Years. The British Started wearing it hunting centuries ago and now the co-ed is adapting it to her wardrobe. Its resistance to wear, its keen outdoor accent makes it a coming thing for three piece suits and great-coats in the wardrobe of college girls. —^wTw— Did you ever wear a “tish-u-knit” sweater by Leon? Judy Garland autographs them. Tish-u-knit has original styling, distinctive design, soft textures, fiattering fit and very low prices. See them at your favorite shop now. —wTw— ’Twas a long time ago but still it has me feelin’ funny. Did you see the stunning suit worn by Will Osborn at the mixer he played for? He was wearing a gray suit with the newest style of coats. The bottom of the coat actually came to
his fingertips, honest. The coat was buttoned low giving an effect of a very long narrow waist (the effect was very satisfying to see). With the suit he wore a gray and burgundy striped tie and antique leather finished shoes. The men of the band wore deep tan suits with wine t^s and antique leather finished shoes. Such dressing, perhaps the men could take some pointers from the big names we have playing for our dances. —wTw— Stuff that is being worn: Red flannel coats lined with white teddy bear cloth (electrified wool) ... wide 'leather bracelet studded with “sets” ... thin watches dangling from massive link bracelets and long narrow chains suspended around the neck . .. a flameless cigarette lighter in lipstick-like case for football games . . . plenty of camels hair coats and plaids. —wTw— Till again you read with us, keep fashionable. Lt Robert T. Myers ... ME ’36 and formerly of Lafayette, is now on duty at the Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island, Illinois, as assistant factory officer.
Engineering Mid-year Graduates: Paul Strecker, Personnel Director, Grand Rapids Stamping Division, General Motors Corporation, Grand Rapids, Mich., plans to visit the University Friday, October 25, to interview seniors in engineering who will be graduated at mid-year. Men selected will be assigned to various shop and production departments for a period of training, after which they will be placed where the heed arises, and where they seem best fitted. All of the work which is done by this company is in connection with sheeUmetal stamping. Strecker specifies that the men to be interviewed must be in the top third of their class scholastically, and be able to get along well with other people. Those interested sign the list in the office of the head of their school immediately. Those selected for interview will be notified by the Personnel office.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
BALLROOM DANCING CLASS For Children Age 9-13 May Enroll Friday, 4:30 p. m. Our Class Doubled in Enrollment Last Week WE ALSO HAVE BALLET AND TAP CLASSES ON SATURDAY ALL AGES phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
STUDENT SPECIAL!
FLUORESCENT DESK STUDY LAMPS
Choice Clomp on or Regular Base Bronze Finish
»5
.95
Quantity Limited
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
in Glorious Technicolor -T- PLUS —
Bold & Black
It’s like a morgue. The Union we mean. The Sweet Shop look^ like the corner drug store at Dartmouth. Not a gal in the jernt.’ Well, not very many anyway. Dirty old rush is getting in its villainous lick. We will be suffering for feminine company for the next few days. Of course we might try calling up Peg Davis. B and B . . . She told the boys at Cary Halls the other night, when speaking to them on University social life, that they “could have a date for a dollar any time.” We’re just as good as they are. Just call her “Dollar Date Davis,” B a nd B . . , , While we’re on female whims, there is a girl, believe it or not, on the campus who doesn’t like serenades. Not personal ones anyway. Kappa Joan Cooper and Sig Ep pledge Pete Scott were serenaded on the east-bound bus, with the rer suit that they got out and walked. B and B . . . ’ It must be nice to be popular. B and B . . . Big strong PiKAj senior Wettle kept his moustache all during the big Butler game week-end. Now he has it no more. While at home in Wabash last week-end, two or three GIRLS corralled him and removed the growth. This could mean one or both of two things—either battling the wild men from the hinterlands of the Wabash College campus, makes the girls down there akin to the Amazons of yore or the freshman class here is a bunch of sissies.
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— WITH — JOHNNY MAC BROWN — AND — MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY — WITH — JOE PENNER LINDA HAYES ADDED FIRST RUN NEWS
GOWN that gives your figure "lines"! Its secret is ample length. (54 in.J full sweep, (72 in.J flatteriiig bust contour and ribbon tie beck that slims your waiitl Tearose. Small, iriedium, large.
NECKWEAR “TYBEST” Correctly Styled For Cdttege 'Men This is the tie that ties up into a perfect knot. New Fall colors and patterns. 55c and $1.00
&
622-626 Main St. Lafayette, I nd.
Agnes Reasor ‘ . , . HE ’30, member of the staff of the Martha Logan Test Kitchen, Swift and company, Chicago, will be on the campus today to talk on “Home Economics in the Commercial Foods Field.” Miss Reasor will speak at 11 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium for the survey cIrss and will also meet with the seniors in institution manageageihent. m.h. Engineer Features 'Campus Crosstalk" Distribution of the October issue of the Engineer will continue through tomorrow and Thursday by the publication’s circulation staff. The issue includes a feature on speed flying by Col. Roscoe Turner,
'Ihree-time winner of the Thompsoii: Trophy race, “Campus Crosstalk,” a new department in this year’s Engineer^ is a brief resume oif the past events and future plans of the technical societies On the engineering campus. Copies will go on sale at the west desk of the Union this’afternoon at fifteen cents a copy. b.v.d.
FINE BREAD an^ PASTERlES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY ^
•V)t
-HELD OVER
THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND
Merry Mickey and Joyous Judy in a musical inn siiovr that starts where “Babes in Arms " .left offlj
PAUL WHITEMAN AND ORCHESTRA JUNE PREISSER • WILLIAM TRACY
THREE MORE DAYS
■4V'
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. — 2 SWELL HITS!-
Courage and Adventure in a New Land!
CHORUS' COStlRD • SPENCED CHARIERS
2ND FEATURI
Whirlwind Action in the Old West THE WONDER HORSE
HE POWELL - HERMAN BRIX CHIEF THUNDER-CLOUD • LYNN ROBERTS • STANLEY ANDREWS GEORGE CLEVELAND-WIUIAM FARNUMiliA
iPP
:’.v
f
71ET?f«
' >.■*(,
, h ^ pj *'/ {‘j.
"■T-;
; . M ' ' u '
k«* h ^-i ^ jj\
mmmmmmmmmmmmm
Thursdcty,) October 10, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
^ #
Grid Squad Repairs Defenses Before Leaving For East Lansing Today f Coming to grips with their third foe of the season next Saturday, Mai Elward’s gridiron warriors will again be faced by some very worthy opposition when they meet the Michigan State squad at East Lansing. Last Saturday the Michigan State men lost to the Michigan team of Ann Arbor by a score of 21 to 14. However, the week before the Michigan squad had severely trounced California’s football aggregation to the tune of a 41 to 0 score.'
In Mai Elward’s words, “The boys will have to fight jijst as hard this I week as last. Any team that can scorfe two touchdowns against a team that has beaten California by such a score must be good.” Under the coaching of Charlie Bachman, the Spartans have a veteran team that, according to Elward, was good even last year when the Boilermaker eleven beat them 20 to 7. N Beefy Line For the second time in two games, the Boilermaker line is to be outweighed. The Michigan State forward wall averages about 200 pounds while the Riveter line averages less than 190 pounds. Leaving on the 5:48 train this afternoon, the team will arrive in East Lansing late tonight. Practice will be held in the Michigan State stadium tomorrow afternoon. Yet to be picked are the 36 players that will make up the traveling squad. Since Michigan State and the Boilermaker squads use the same
“London Made Pipes" Sterling Silver Inlaid of Schools and Fraternity $2.50— Your Own Pipe $1.25
Army; Navy; Air Corps $3.50—^Your Own $2.50 By Check or Sent C. O. D. R. M. LYNCH 729 Samson Street Phila., P. A.
The Union Cafeteria Serves the best food cooked just right by cooks who know how to supply an appetizing flavor to every dish. Eat in the Cafeteria and take advantage of a visible menu. Three fast moving lines to save time.
Jhs, \ fiWvduSL TtbunifdaL lAjnmfL The Corner of the Campus’^ Yet the Center of Activities
Intr^-School Cross Country Race Won By I^E's; Mechanicals Finish In 2nA Place
IlhsioK
system of offense, the freshmen gridders are not learning the Spartan plays but instead are already practicing Minnesota plays. In the meantime the varsity is working on defuse in order to stem Michigan State’s offense which is reported to be especially strong. Scrimmage Session Last night^s practice which featured work on defense was climaxed by a snappy scrimmage. Actual game conditions with kick-off, side markers and all the trimmings held sway. Hard blocking, tackling and running characterized all the play. Sophomores were especially , in evidence in the scrimmage. Rockie Snyder, who according to the WBAA announcer last Saturday should see plenty of action within the next few years, called signals for the white-shirted team while other sophomores also showed off their skill to the coaching st^ff. d.w.m. '
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Wednesday the Cincinnati Reds won the world series, and last Saturday Indiana was upset on the gridiron. Therefore, we call upon a sports writer who loves the Reds as a brother and who saw the Indiana defeat last Saturday at Bloomington. Take it away, Millard. By Millard Overton, Jr. Thank you, Joe, and indeed we’re happy to ^’urnish some slants on the football season. Last Saturday we drove down the Monon and saw Indiana play host to a fighting aggregation from out Texas way, who, by the way, proved to be ungrateful guests. As we sat there in Memorial Stadum at Bloomington, we were slow to make up our minds as to just what Indiana’s prospects really are, but as the game progressed and they were trailing at half time we still couldn’t figure out the picture as they were unravelling it. It seemed to us that we might be a little prejudiced, and at the same time we could not help but feel that Indiana had their hands full. Little Jack Crain, the Texas cowboy, who has been going great guns for the Long Horns, seemed to be too much for the Hoosiers. Hursch and McGuire did their best to get the ball into the hands of Harris and the others ends who Bob McMillen rushed into the game. During the first half the breaks of the ball game see-sawed back and forth between Indiana and Texas, with the Long Horns seeming to
play smarter ball and take advantage of these breaks as they appeared. Indiana had several chances to score touchdowns during the first half, but when big yardage was needed they would run through the line, or rather attempted it, instead of throwing passes. 1 Then as the game progressed and like situations came up, Indiana continued to attempt line plays instead of, what we think the smarter piay, passing. Indiana’s line is not up to standard, in spite of what one of the scouts told us, and if we do not miss our guess, Indiana is going to suffer badly from “senioritis” before the end of the season. Just because we are saying that Indiana did not look good against Texas in their 13-7 defeat, do not think that the Boilermakers are going to roll over Indiana on November 23, because Purdue and Indiana both have five ball games to play before the finale. Those Breaks Right here we want to say that Texas has a great ball club, and as they were out there fighting Indiana they reminded us of Phrdue in their spirit and team play. The Long Horns played the ball at all times and seemed to know just what they wanted to do at the right time. There came times, however, when they were unable to capitalize on the breaks that came to them, and this was particularly true during the waning minutes of the game. Hooray Cincinnati In closing we want to congratulate our friends Warren Giles, Frank Lane, Gabriel Paul and Bill McKechnie on the fine job they have done with the Cincinnati Reds and
LEARN TO DANCE The ARTHUR MURRAY WAY Call Bob Bauman — 3063 LESSONS — $1.50
Choose from Our Large Selection of tUUqjcxhfL CocdtA.
Priced $5.75 to $25.00
SOONAINST. ^ CUBTHES SHOP INC
HOW CAN YOU EXPECT TO "RATE” HER IF YOU DON’T WEAR ALLIGATOR?
The Knee Length Coat (LEFT) All eyes turn to this snappy little number with stitching at bottom and cuffs. Water repellent Stormwind cloth—for any kind of weather. Rates a dateynth your dealer today.
(With Slide Fastener Front tit 50) The "University Coocher*^ mmr) mt only is "this " Alligator a style leader—but it gives the n|;mQst protection, toot Yes, absolutely guaranteed waterproof! That’s especially important these rainy days. AT BETTER DEALERS EVERYWHERE THE ALUGaTOR CO., St. Louis, Los Angeles, Now York
ALLIGATOR
because . . . I T ’ S S U R
Five schools, represented by sixteen men, competed in the annual cross country meet on Russel field yesterday afternoon. Individual honors were \^on by Alex Jentsch of the ME school with a time of 13:36.1; however, the PE school copped first position in team competition, Fred Kinder and C. E. Smith placing their school on the top rung of the ladder with second and third places, respectively. The ME school was second while the Freshman Engineers came in third. -—.——-i- Phillips Starter
Stage
Burnham's Rhinies First Drill Under New Lights With a re-installed 'system of floodlights making day out of night at Stewart field, an uncut squad of 80 frosh gridders are getting ready to make good use of the rejuvenated orbs. Since the opening of practice on September 12, the rhinies have been exposed to about every style of offense except that of their own school. During the last few weeks. Coach Bnmham has sent a squad of his more proficient players over to face the murderous onslaught of Coach Elward’s band of roughnecks. Before they were shipped over to battle the varsity, the frosh learned the offensive style of the Boilermaker’s coming opponent, Michigan State. Starting this week, the rhinies are I their winning the World Series from a great ball club, Detroit. Everyone connected wi,th' the annual fall classic should be congratulated, and we were particularly glad to see the Redlegs come through with the world’s championship. Thanks, Joe.
Each of the first three fnen to finish will be awarded medals for their efforts, but since the winning team also receives awards, it will not be possible for one person to collect two tokens of victory. Head track coach Herman Phillips started the harriers off on the two and threequarter mile course, which comprised three laps around the field. The record for the course was set in 1939 by Ed Holderman at 12:31, and shattered one established in 1922 at 12:39.5. Those who finished other than the three already mentioned were: R. B. Boughan, fourth; D. E. Bailey, fifth; J. M. Kallok, sixth; G. Archer, seventh; Q. Evans, eighth, o.t.c.
»at last making the acquaintance of the Boilermaker system of offensive play. The next opponents on the Riveter schedule—Michigan State, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Fordham—all use a style of play so similar to that of the Boilermakers that the freshmen will only be required to play defense when they scrimmage the varsity. Along with the new plays, the frosh gridders are still being plagued with the ever-present drill on fundamentals, but they are taking them in good spirit and looking forward to the day when they will line up on the varsity field and wait for the kickoff of their first Big Ten game. j.d.f.
A Menu Necessity Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you will sa^r they cannot be beat. City Meat and Poultry
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
MOST STYLES
^UR PEIT ARE WORTH FORIUNif P* B & W SHOE CO.
121 Na Fourth StV
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 10, 1940
f4 4i
Green Potters Petitions Obtainabie Next Week Petitions for offices in Green Potters, freshman class organization, will be available next week, according to Student Senate officials. They may be obtained by any freshman in the Senate offices between 4 and 5:30 p. m. from Monday through Friday, October 14-18. The petitions will cost one dollar to cover the expenses of the election. Petitions must be returned to the Senate office by 6 p. m. Friday, October 18, signed by 75 freshmen. Election on October 22 will be by secret ballot in the old West Desk niche. The election will be conducted by the Senate, assisted by Skull and Crescent. Passports will be required for voting. j.f.a.
Fraternity
, . . cross country run will be held Wednesday, October 16, at 4:20 p. m. The course is the track encircling the Intramural Field with the start at the eq^ of Fourth street. The distance of the run is the same as in previous years, two and one-half miles, which requi’"ps three trips around the course. Each fraternity may compete with four men, and twenty-five participation points go to each team finishing three men. Individual winners will receive medals and an attractive cup will be awarded to the winning team. All runners will report in the main lobby of the Fieldhouse for numbers and instructions at 4 o’clock. A list of varsity men wlio are not eligible to compete in the race will be published later. j.f.
Classified Ads FOR SALE Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Mm. $2.50 all night. Phone, 2407
Ty^Hhvriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph sork. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Share room with Senior man. Twin beds, shower, continuous hot water, extension telephone. No other roomers. Phone 61353. 902 N Main St
Featured in the "SEA HAWK” d Warner Bros, picture now showing at NAME OF THEATRE Brenda Marshall "gets around" and somehow manages to look lovely and perfectly groomed wherever she goes — that’s why the camera caught this smile of approval as she examined Kleinert's Sea Hawk travel kiti The uniquely convenient center section holding two jars and a bottle lifts right out of the bag so you don't have to fumble around for your favorite creams end lotions. The bag itself has extra pockets to keep your make-up Separate. Entirely lined with climate-proof rubber, and attractively finished in rayon plaid that will blend with travel costumes. Slide fastened. ^boab’A, ^oMnsdicA, SJtAssd§lo£fi,
America’s Tie Hit
FRENCH PANEL TIES Woven in V.S.A. In New Spring Designs r
FOR RENT—^Rooms, modern near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46801.
Lost: 21 jewel Bulova wrist watch, ward. Robert Plummer, 2619.
Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, October 10, at 7:30 p. m. in East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Illustrated lecture on miniature cameras will be given. Picture assignments for the first month will be discussed. —GBPHART.
ALL STUDENTS: Men and women wanted to work at Banquets. Apply Union Cafeteria.
Presidents of Independent Co-ed Houses: Important meeting Thursday, October 10, at 7:16 p. m in the WSGA office. If impossible to attend, please send a substitute representative from your house. —EINK.
Notices
Me Botleee receAved after < p. m. Junior Military: Juniors report to supply room in Armory on Thursday and Friday, October 10 and 11, for your advanced course uniforms. i —TORMBY.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Hold elections Friday^ October 11, at 4:16 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. All who have signed up or tried out, and anyone else interested, may attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, October 10, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 306 of Union. —LONG.
Intramural Sports: Due to the pep session there will be no intramui^l games this afternoon, Thursday, October 10. —CLEVETT.
Purdue Agriculturist: Agricultural freshmen interested in circulation, business of editorial phases of the Agriculturist meet in room 382 of the Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 10 —ADAMS.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, October 12, by schools as follows: students whose names begin witb A-E—Michael Golden Shops, rpom 101. F-K—Electrical Building, room 264. L-R—Electrical Building, room 129. S-Z—Civil Engineer Building, room 201. --KNAPP.
Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, October 10,_ at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Bring new program ideas and suggestions for speaker at next meeting. Work on reading commercials. —PITTENGBR
Ag. Chem.: There will be an Agricultural Chemistry party is the agricultural hall for all freshmen and upperclassmen on Thursday, October 10, at 7:30 o’clock. t —ELKIN.
PURDUE COFFEE SHOP THURSDAY NITE SPECIAL V4 Fried Chicken or T-Bone Supper 35c 1T 9 Northwestern Ave.
KLOMP Beechnut brown moccasin. Half double sole, leather heel.
RAMPATAN Harlem tan moccasin. Molded a I r w e d g e rubber sole.
Y THE BEARD of the prophet, here are three shoes for luxurious loafing, calculated to inspire a gleam in a Sultan’s eyel We believe Natashalias been sacrificed loa noblecailseT;. but at these prices, you can have one or all three leisure shoes illustrated here and still keep your Natasha to admire them.
WINTHROP SHOES
$6.85 to $8.85 Colonial Grades
$5 to $6
$5-50
KINNEY'S SHOES West Side of Square
Kappa Delta Pi: Short meeting in room 106, Education Building, Thursday, October« 10, at 7 .p. m. —NORQUEST. All Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22. 16-40 '—WASSMAN.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives: Meeting Thursday night, October 10, in Exponent office at 7 p. m. Discussion of pledges. Please be present. —McKEE.
Metallurgy Students: AlkiE meeting Thursday, October 10, at 7 p. m, in room 802 of the Chemical and Metallurgical building. Election of officers. —^PHILLIPS. Seniors in Marriage Course; Bring questions relating to religion instead of recreation as assigned to meeting on Thursday October 10. Due to a change in schedule religious discussion will be held October Vi. —CHANDLER.
Military: Students who worked during registration please call for checks in supply room. V —TORMBY. Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, Optobei/ 10, at 7 46 p m. in room 308. This meeting should be of interest to all who wish to attend the steak fry and breakfast ride during the week-end. Plans for trip to Turkey Run will be discussed. —GRAHAM.
All Co-eds: Riflery eall-out in the women’s gym Thursday, October 10, at 7 p. m. Each house that is planning to enter please have a representative there to discuss schedule of shooting. —BLAGRAVE.
Military Balt Committee: Meeting Thursday, October 10, a 4 p. m. |in room 208 of the Armory. —AULL. Scabbard and Blade: The meeting for Thursday, October 10, at 7:80 p. m. will be in room 808 of the Union. The selection of pledges will be announced, therefore all members must he present or present a written excuse. —meese.
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are Still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ. Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of 0 and I grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16. —F. W. GREVE,
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meetings will be held at 7:80 on Thursday evenings instead of Tuesday evenings. October 10 meeting will be in room 802 of the Union. Names of applicants will' he presented at meeting. —GRIFFIN.
Model Railroaders: Club meeting Saturday, October 12, at 1:30 p. m. in attic of Mechanical Engineering Building. Ail interested invited. r —DARK^ Outing Club: Everyone going to Pines Park meet in front of the Armory at 12:30 p. m. on Saturday, October 12. Please bring 60 cents to cover cost of foods and transportation. For reservations call Opal Blagrave, 6765, or Marjorie Ward, 4111, before Friday noon. —PARKER.
WARMTH
few
and
Comfort in
Varied Styles
Corduroy Coots
$7.50-7.95-10.00
Leather Jackets
$7.95-$8.95
Leather Coats
$10.00 to $16.50
at
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
PHONE 3801
IS
J
” op *e ,, ,eDoties, ;t\a telep» o c gup* Vhe» i ah fed. 6eei»S wliei:® WeBl* ^oWCOBtOlY • __
V),
of your Boll Teloplioiio service