• '
Purdue
(\
Exponent
Volume 4. No A ^
Thursdojr* Ittfy 18, 1940
\
Doc' Miller's Pill Rollers Defeat Propagandists
Butch's Team Rolls
2447; Expos 23^8 H. G. Danfoid Lcatls
Safety Discussion
Exponent’s “deans of propaganda” lost the first round of their tworound bout with the “students of propaganda” — Doc Miller’s PillKollers—in the Union bowling alleys last night. The “students” taught the profs a lesson by tumbling 2477 pins to Exponent’s 2338, retaining their self-styled title as Champs of Lafayette and Vicinity. The challengers were out to put a stop to the claims of Miller’s team, but were bowling together for the first time, and have scheduled a return match with the same team to be held in the same alleys Wednesday night, July 31. Miller No Longer Ignorant When interviewed yesterday morning. Miller stated, “Of course we’re confident—^we’re the healthiest team, we’ve won all our matches, and we’re not just out to win by a narrow margin this time .\ . . we’re going to wage a total war from the stark” “This may sound like propaganda,” Willis said at the same time, “but we’re going to scalp you fellows and have pins to spare. We beat a mixed bunch at Terre Haute, two of our wives bowled in place of Fidler and Thoennes, and we won although Stuckey rolled fifth and came in with low score, even behind the ladies.” Miller’s team lined up as follows: Doc “Why-paint-with-iodine-when-you-can-amputate” Miller; Coach Fred “Strychnine” Willis; Jim “I-played-too-when-Rome-burned” Fidler; Bob “Auto-body” Thoennes; and Manager Ralph “Ace-for-arsen-ic” Stuckey. The Exponent team lined up with: (Continued on page 3) 4000 Witness Final State Music Festival Program Saturday Winners who will represent Indiana at the Chicagoland Music Festival were chosen at the third annual state-wide University Music Festival Saturday. The various winners appeared and gave special performances before four thousand persons in the Music Hall Saturday night. A streamlined version of the opera Carmen was also presented by Thaviu players from Chicago. Phil Maxwell, of the Chicago Tribune served as master of ceremon-
ies.
Entries from Mishawaka and Elkhart made a clean sweep of top honors in the three divisions of the baton twirling competition. In the juvenile class, Patiicia McCavit, of Elkhart, was the winning girl, and Jack Endicott, of Mishawaka, the winning boy. Other Winners Ernestine Franklin, of Elkhart, won the blue ribbon as a junior girl, and Gary Hornaday, of Elkhart, as a junior boy. Betty Jane Duesler, of Elkhart, was also recommended by the judges to represent Indiana in the junior girl division of the Chicagoland Music Festival due to a superior performance. In the senior class, Dorothy Simmons, of Elkhart, successfully defended the championship she won last year, while Blaine Gamble, of Mishawaka, was top scorer among the boys. In the voice section, E. Victoria Leafgreen, 1228 Delaware St., Indianapolis, music supervisor of Indianapolis schools, was chosen soington, baritone winner; Mary G<j|dprano winner; Howard Byron, Huhtfrey Kreiser, 6379 Park Ave., Indianapolis, formerly of Lafayette, controlta winner; Marvin Smith, Lafayette, Purdue Glee Club Soloist, tenor winner. The Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus, Joseph M. Regains, conducting, was named the best chorus competing. Nancy yiand, Bloomington, was winner of the accordian contest.
/ -L..
Harold G. Danford, administration assistant of the Safety Center, New York University, \ipas the main speaker at the forum discussion held yesterday afternoon in the West Faculty lounge of the Union. Professor R. J. Greenly, division of applied psychology and education acted as panel chairman. Following Danford’s main address on “Accident Control Through Education,” Dean Mary L. Matthews, home economics department. Mill Hilda Schwehn, division of physical education for women. Professor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean engineering schools. Professor C. W. Beese, Head, general engineering department. Professor H. F. Owen, general engineering department, Professors Amon Swope and I. G. Morrison, division of education and applied psychology. Professor J. L. Lingo, director public safety institute, and Professors Homer Allen, Lawrence LaBree, and Floyd R. Eastwood, of the division of physical education for men, participated in the discussion.
Steel Workers Present Program During Regular Wednesday Group Sing Playing before a near capacity house at the University in the Hall of Music last night, the CarnegieIllinois male chorus under the direction of H. S. Walsh, and the Carrilco concert band under the leadership of K. W. Resur, stole the show at the weekly song fest held each Wednesday night. The chorus and band are both composed entirely of employees of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corp. of Gary. “March of The Steel Men,” by both the band and chorus opened I the program, which alternated between unison singing by the audience led by A. P. Stewart, director of campus musical organizations, and individual nurnbers by the chorus and band. The organizations performed before a setting which gave the background of a steel mill in full blast, with white hot metal being poured into ingots. “Swanee River Days,” featured the immortal songs of Stephen Poster, as sung by the chorus, provided the entertainment following the intermission, and the finale, “God Bless America,” was played and sung by both groups. L. M. Vallely . . . announced yesterday that the Union Club and Coffee Shop will remain open throughout the balance of the summer.
Insurance Men Hear Milton Elrod On 'Estate Taxes' Although publicity has made the public conscious of ^inheritance taxes on large estates, Milton Elrod, Indianapolis, legal editor of the Insurance Research and Review Service, yesterday told a group of insurance salesmen enrolled this week at the University in an advanced course in rural life-tunderwriting that too little attention is being given to this item of expense in “clean-up” underwriting for moderate size estates. In arranging “clean-up” insurance, Elrod urged that underwriters explain to their policyholders with moderate size estates the necessity of covering state and inheritance taxes and estate administrative costs, items which have greatly increased in recent years. As late as 1932, he said, there were only $80 of federal and state taxes on $100,000 estates. However, he explained, today the federal and state tax on the same estate is $10,208. The recently enacted federal defense taxes were also explained by Elrod. Other speakers during the day were Elmer Reish, Prancesville; Walter Huehl, Indianapolis; and Harry Wade, Indianapolis.
Hennis^ Mackiewicz Lead Riveters In All-Star Poll
Ticket Purchasers To Elect Summer Prom Queeh Friday, July 26, summer session prom goers will dance to the music of Jimmy James and his orchestra, featuring Margie Vail on the vocals, and at 11 p. m. will be led in the grand march by the prom queen. The queen for the prom will be elected by all tHoket purchasers. Rules are as follows: 1. Any girl registered in the summer session is eligible to be queen. 2. Votes may be cast when the ticket is purchased at the West Desk of the Union or Fieldhouse ticket oflice, or: 3. If the ticket has already been purchased the vote may be cast by showing the ticket at either of the two named places. 4. The girl receiving the most votes will be named queen and the next two will be her court. One vote is allowed per ticket. 5. Ballotting will close Wednesday at noon. The queen and her escort will be admitted to the dance free. At 11 o’clock the queen and her court will be introduced to the crowd and will then lead the grand march.
TheChorus . . .
Pictured at the left is the 100voice all-male chorus of the Carneg-ie-Illinois Steel Corporation at Gary which last night presented a concert in the music hall. H. S. Walsh, director of, the chorus appears in the insert in the upper left hand corner. The concert was a part of the weekly songfest which is presented by A. P. Stewart and the music department. and the Band
At the right is pictured the Car-negie-Illinois 100-piece band which also took part in last night’s program. A special stage setting was arranged! for the program. Four open hearth furnaces, actual size, huge steel girders and a giant ladle, all built of paper maiche were constructed and placed on the stage, giving the whole the appearance of a mill. Various colored lights depicting the change from ore to steel played over the set during the program.
Psychologists Discuss I Q's In Science Digest
“Can We Trust Intelligence Tests?” is the title of a featured article in the August issue of Science Digest, condensed from a chapter of “The Psychology of Normal People,” recently published book written by Dr. Frederick B. Knight, Dr. Joseph Tiffin, and Dr. Charles Conant Josey. Dr. Knight is director of the division of education and applied psychology and director of the Surhmer Session here; Dr. Tiffin is professor of psychology here; and Dr. Josey is head of the psychology department at Butler University. The article follows through the development of intelligence tests and their applications, stating that intelligence tests, such as the “orientation examinations” given at the University, predict with a high
degree of accuracy those who will leave college on account of poor grades. To .Find Mental Development For intelligence tests purposes, rate of mental development is found by dividing determined “mental” age by “actual,” chronological age. Quotient is multiplied by 100 and the product is called the “intelligence quotient,” or I Q. For example, if a child’s mental age is 9 and his chronological age is 6, his I Q is 160. Highest chronnological age is 16, which is’ used for all adults regardless of actual age. Numerous experimental studies show that basic intelligence increases little if at all after the age of 16. Famess in devising question? for adults is a major problem in fram-
ing intelligence tests. One of the tests in the army group test for illiterates was a picture completion test. First question showed a hand with a finger missing, and subject was aske dto supply the missing part. Knowledge for this could have been acquired in any country, and the question was fair to all. Are You Below 70 ' An I Q of below 70 places the subject in the “feeble minded’ classification, while an I Q above 140 genius group. An I Q of 50-70 places places one in the genius or near the subject in the moron group, mental age of 8-10 years; a 26-30 I Q subject is placed in the imbecile group, mental age 3-7 years, while those with an I Q below 25 are idiots, The article notes, however, that mental age of 2 or below.
I Q results indicate there are just as many geniuses or near geniuses as there are iipbeciles and idiots. Say Science Digest editors, “And geniuses probably set the pace, humanity can expect to make progress.” Written For Students “The Psychology of Normal People” was written for students who expect their four years at college to prepare them for acceptable service in business, industry, and the professions. In preparing their text, the authors talked with steel mill superintendents who hire young engineers, large department store managers who buy in young graduates psychological training received in college, and other men of business in order to create a book wbidi would be useful as well as Scientifieally sound.
Brock, Bykowski Also Rank High With less than a week to go in the race for positions on the AllStar team which will face the Green Boy Packers in Soldier’s Field in Chicago on August 29, several Boil- ’ ermakers still remain near the top of the list in the balloting. According to yesterday's figures, Ted Hennis, Boilermaker quarterback leads the Purdue candidates and the nation’s quarterbacks in the poll with 60,327 votes. Lou Brock, Frank Bykowski, and Felix Mackiewicz, are still high on the lists for their respective positions but heavy voting for favorite sons in the various sections of the country has cut down their early leads. To increase the number of votes for the Boilermaker candidates, a booth has been set up in Lafayette in front of Rosenthals, across from the courthouse. The booth will be maintained there until Sunday and will then be moved to the West side and will be set up on the campus Monday and 'Tuesday, the last two days that votes may be cast. Ever since the All-Star game was inaugurated in 1934, a Boilermaker has been in the starting line-up, something that no other school in the country can boast of. The first team was coached by the late Nobe Kizer. The game is generally regarded as the classic of football by the fans throughout the country. Each year several hundred thousand help elect the roster for the team and 90,000 fill Soldier’s Field in Chicago to see the great spectacle. This year the opponents of the All-Star team are the Green Bay Packers, champions of the National Professional Fodlball League. Last year the New York Giants beat the AU-Stars on three field goals but were unable to cross the goal line. Two years ago the All-Stars defeated the Washington Redskins on the brilliant playing of Cec Isbell. The possibility of a Purdue man in the backfield of both the professional and the collegiate team has heightened the interest of Boilermaker fans. To see Brock or Hennis block Isbell out of a play or see Bykowski drop him behind the line are dreams which may come true if these Boilermakers hold their positions in the poll. CAA Enrolls 20 More In Advanced Flight Training Program Another step in expansion of the University flight training program has been taken with receipt of orders by G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry, and airport executive, to enroll 20 more persons in the advanced flight" training course. Meikle stated yesterday that 12 of the 20 had been enrolled and some of them had started their training. The others are expected to be enrolled-within the next day or so, as they must complete their work not later than Sept. 15. The advanced training work is open to those who have completed the preliminary flight training progrom, either in Purdue or other institutions within the past year. Several of the University stu<jlents who have taken this work are enrolled in the summer session to take the advanced course as offered. The expense of the advanced work is being paid by the Federal Government with up to $50 per month allowed for subsistence. Students who wish to take this work ^e urged to see Meikle at once at his office. In addition to this new program, 60 students are taking the> preHminary flight training this, summer and nine others are well alcmg in their advanced flight training courses. \_^/ S,f
Y-i W ^«- M. ^ I ^ ^ J -^ '^Ui^JiJ'^^1; * /(|^ ^
PDRDOE EXPONENT
ThuiBdajr. July 18, 1940
Jjufudi^ JidL
Democracy All you that are enamored of my name And least intent on what I require, Beware; for my design and your desire, Deplorably, are not as yet the same. The God fearing and righteous folk of Indiana have once again risen in a patriotic wrath to defend Americanism. You will recall that it was but a few years ago that the intelligent and kindly Hoosiers, “94% native bom white,” adopted bedsheets as their wearing apparel on lovely moonlit nights and sallied forth, their patriotic fervor evidenced by fiery crosses and rawhide whips, to save the nation from a couple of dastardly religions and a racial minority. Now the brave citizens of Mooresville, Indiana, one of whose spawn was that great and good lover of mankind John Dillinger, have added another chapter in the long history of Christian charity and Hoosier hospitajity so often evidenced by our kindly Indiana folk. Forty-seven members of the Jerovah’s Witnesses, religious sect, who interpret the bibical admonition “Thou shalt not bow down to any graven image” as a prbhibition to saluting the flag, were beseiged for more than 12 hours Saturday by an angry mob of Mooresville patriots. In the name of Americanism the Witnesses, 33 of whom were wicked women and wicked small children, were locked m the second story of the building in which they gathered for a meeting and were threatened with violence if they attempted to come out without saluting a large American flag carried by the brave, patriotic citizenry. During the night-long vigil the patriots milled about in the streets hissing and booing and imitating that eminent democrat Adolf Hitler, a past master at the art of bookburaing, by building huge bonfires in which sect literature was destroyed. State police finally rescued the physically exhausted grou pafter one brave youth threw a missle through a window, slightly injuring a very small girl who at that very moment was no doubt plotting a gigantic revolution in her evil little mind against the constitutional government. In this enlightening but not isolated case, it is not the Jehovah’s Witnesses nor the Mooresville mob that is significant. Similar mob hysteria with the resultant disregard for civil liberties has become a daily occurrance in various parts of the nation during the past few weeks. Under the guise of Americanism the ever increasing lunatic fringe has thus far succeeded in perverting every democratic guarantee
Two Great Polls
... are now in progress in this country. One is the Democratic convention in Chicago and the other is the AfirjStar football poll which is now being conducted throughout the country. Both are important polls as far as the nation is concerned and both have many things in common. The Democrats are gathered together to choose their strongest and best candidates to represent them in the national election next November. The sports fans of the nation are massing their support behind their strongest and most popular athletes to send them to the classic football game in Soldier’s Field in Chicago on August 29. Both the political candidates and the football candidates are faced with tough battles: the Democratic candidates with Wendell Willkie, the most popular Kepublican in a decade; the All-Star candidates with the Green Bay Packers, toughest football team in the country. Delegates to the Democratic convention are now occupied with the usual ballyhoo and backslapping attendant with such affairs: sports fans are also engaged in publicity stunts and yote promotion for their favorites. The candidates of the Democratic party will point to their past record, the record of the Democrats who have preceded them in Washington. Candidates for the All-Star game will point to the great showing of the sons of their Alma Mater. Purdue’s candidates can point with pride indeed to the showing of Butch Loebs, Duane Purvis, Johnny Drake, Cec Isbell and the greatest of them all, Nobe Kizer! Only one difference between the two polls is apparent. The fans who are choosing their candidates for the All-Star game are completely free of any obligations and will make their choice purely from the standpoint of interested fans. But regardless of the’ballyhoo, the stunts, tl^e marching bands, the powerful oratory, and the unseen pressure the final outcome vsdll be decided with ballots. It is the American way!, The Democratic and Republican nominees will meet in November and the fate of a nation will be decided. The All-Stars will meet the Green Bay Packers and the football championship of the world will be decided. Elections and football games—God Bless America! m the Constitution with a vigor that must permit the dictators, whom we so loudly denounce, a quiet sneer. All of which reminds us of a very wise remark made by the late Tuey Long. Huey was asked if he believed that fascism would ever come to this country. “Yes,” replied the Kingfish, “but we’ll call it “anti-fascism.” r. L. T.
P-T Magazine Publishes Eastwood Article A guest editorial on “The Fourth ‘R’m Education” by Floyd R. Eastwood, associate professor of physical education for men, is pioimnently featured in the last issue of the Indiana Parent - Teacher, official publication of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, Inc. In the editorial. Dr. Eastwood takes the position that the fourth “R” in education should be “Recreation.” “This recreational attitude should permeate the philosophy and the method of school instruction,” wrote Eastwood. “As well.
Certificates
... of attendance were awarded last Friday to 60 drug clerks from four states who were enrolled for the first annual conference at the University. Preceding the final ceremony, recent food, drug, and cosmetic regulations were outlined by Dean C B Jordan, of the school of pharmacy, while H. L. Kendall, also of the University staff, discussed “Isotonic Coll3nfia and Inhalants.”
its implications should be felt in the home and the community development of the future.”
It Pays to Advertise in the
Summer Exponenf
^eai
I
• The Bigger
• The Better
University Daily
Next Year
The
Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions
On Sole
Starting
August 29
LIMA — TODAY-FRI.-SAT.-DON"««d BARRy"^ IM O/VEMilN/ LAW JANET WALDO EORGE CLEVELAND Plus—2nd Feature
MoslThriiling Of At Their Adventures! I
PLUS—2ND FEATURE , .
HiRnHflTTflni HCRRIBCRT
Rote STERUMR«Viqp,h (jUf.MQPtj'
Tomato Fieldmen, Salesmen Open 4-Day Program A comprehendive four-day ‘program has been planned for the sixth annual tomato fieldmen’s and fertilizer salesmen’s school/ which will be held at the University July 23 to 26, it Wjas announced today by Roscoe Fraser, extension tomato specialist for the University. Numerous field tours will feature the 1940 school, which Will include inspection of experimental work under way on the campus and in neatcompan/es’ studies of spraying and by counties, a review of canning seeding carried on in cooperation with the University in Howard, Grant, and Madison counties, and talks and demonstrations at the Indiana Tomato Festival, Elwood. Meeting at the University on Tuesday, July 23, the group will study experiments showing a comparison of direct seeded and flat grown tomato plants, use of nutritient solution on direct seeding, tomato variety comparisons, and the effect of colchicine treatments, a process that doubles the chromosomes. Other experiments to be reviewed will include those on sources of plants, breeding for wilt resistance, potash, and mtrogen tests. Crown Tomato Queen On Wednesday, the school’s enrollees will visit the William Crumb nitrogen and potash plowed-under plots, near Beard in Clinton county; the dusting experiments in Howard county, and the direct seeding plots in Grant county. That evening the group will witness at Elwood the Indiana Tomato Festival premiere coronation of the Tomato Queen by Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University and hear Governor M Clifford Townsend. The following day another field tour will be held, affording an opportunity to inspect plots of direct \ seeding and spra3dng. Another highlight of the Thursday program will be the canners and growers field and tomato machinery demonstration on the Ray Brothers farm, one and one-half miles south and one mile west of Elwood. On this farm the state tomato grading contest will be held in addition to a tomato dusting and spraying machinery demonstration, a tomato plant disease clinic, and the crowning of the 1939 Tomato King. Friday’s session will return to Elwood where there will be an inspection of the tomato and general farming machinery on display at the Tomato Festival.
George Pappaviahimitrakopoulous, of Toledo, complains that he is getting tired of being called George
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -DOUBLE FEATURE-
RcSS!!^ fM The Boy Star of the Year in This Lovable—Heart Warming—Down to Earth Picture! fCHWy; — PLUS — A man without a heart—a man without fear—and kids without a chance to Go Straight! Dynamic Underworld Thrills! ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES •UrrtAg JAMES CAGNEY PAT O'BRIEN with THE DEAD END KIDS • HUMPHREY BORART ANN SHERIDAN CEORGE BANCROn
Engineers Picnic Resource Planning
A! Ross Camp Sunday Defense Programs
Approximately 76 persons from cities over the state attended the annual summer picnic and outing of the Indiana Section of the American Society of Civil Engineers held Sunday at the Ross Civil Engineering Practice camp, eleven miles
southwest of the city.
The day was featured by a chicken dinner and all the trimmings with the students enrolled in the camp this summer, and contests in which practicing engineers, their families
and students took part.
A short program following the dinner, J. Emmett Hall, Indianapolis, Purdue trustee and chairman of the Indiana section presided and David B. Ross, president of the Board of trustees and donor of the camp of 247 acres and part of the buildings, spoke briefly on the University. The camp originally was 147 acres but was enlarged during the year by the addition of 100 acres which Ross provided. The new acquisition has permitted expansion of the work this year to include soundings in the river, measure of flow of current and similar work.
MARS TODAY - FRIDAY GEORGE BRENTj bhoce'
BRENDA RICHARD WILLIAM MARSHALL • BARTHELMESS • LUNOIGAR
STARTS SATURDAY
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.—
STARTS SUNDAY See It ToaigKt CberUK Itn Memory For A XLoutan<i Xomorrowni
DAVIS I BOYER
by Rachel FtelJ Jeffrey LYNN • Barbara O’NEIL
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— FROM PARK be H TO PARKSlOE MANSION IN 83 howl split minutes I
— AND.
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY Spectaeular! Thrilling!
—-ANU ^SOUTHI r^A^BORDER' AUTRY
Save as Much as 22 Cents or More, Quality for Quality, by using Shadow-Art’s Exclusive , Photofinishing Service Do Not Risk Favorite Filins to Imitation Finishing. Ask for Shadow-Art Service at Southworth'S 308 STATE STREET
TlUr
Third in the series of “National Defence” radio programs was aired yesterday titled “Land-Water-Min-erals.” The National Resources Planning Board is sponsoring the weekly radio programs. The series of remaining hroaddasts as planned each Wednesday for the summer is as follows: July 24—“Productive Skills” July 31—^“Science and Invention” August 7—^“Transportation and Communication” August 14—“Production and Consumption” August 21—“Health and Education” August 28—“The American Way of Life” September 4—^“Here We Chme” These programs may be heard from 6 to 6;30 p.m. CST over the Blue network of the National Broadcasting Company.
It Pays to Advertise in the
Summer Exponent
— WITH — Robert Wilcox Beverly RoberH — AND — MiypSEIT M JfA COLUMBIA PICTUI^p — ALSO — DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
’ll K litw^-jr-vtsv t " ^ ^ ^ 'wllWwS
thtiiBday, July 18, 1940
r'
Ptt^t>t3t £Xl»dN£NT
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Purdue has lost a possible sti^r hardwood performer. His name is Charles “Splinter” Johnson. Johnson has just completed his freshman year here, and was expected to assist in filling the gapping hole left in Piggy Lambert’s ranks by the grraduation of Dan Fisher . . . but not now. —M— I have heard so many rumors that Johnson, a Frankfort high product, was going to join the Frankfort alumni at So. Cal., that the rumor I heard o fhis joining professional ranks and married life were taken with three grains of salt rather than the usual one grain, but a visit to his frat, the Phi Psi house, confirmed the story of a dual purpose of dropping college athletics— marriage an dprofessionalism. —I-I— A Phi Psi senior, John Eichardson, was considerate enough to take us aside and spend a few minutes of his dinner hour to inform us that Johnson as a Purdue athlete wasn’t any more, as the lad had taken those “from this da yforward—^to have and to hold” vows, and was going to join the great Ralph Vaughn, the player of players of last season out at So. Cal., in a pro career. I.I Johnson in our opinion wasn’t the best on the frosh squad, but he was a shooter, miss ’em or hit ’em. And
a lot of times he shot when he could have passed. But points tell the story, and that Splinter fellow made twenty points against the varsity in the frosh-varsity contest. —I-I-^ But frankly, I’d tgke a college education for all the pro offers in the states. But some people wouldn’t. Eight years of pro basketball lay ahead of Johnson—^then what? You can’t coach without a degree and eight seasons of pro stuff may give experience—^but not a degree. Oh, well! —I-I— Purdue kas certainly taken a step in the right direction by-signing Herb Duggins to the varsity football coaching staff. I used to watch Herb, snag passes from the allAmerican Duane Purvis back in the early 30’s, but I had to sneak looks under the canvas around Stewart field to watch the big New Albany lad perform. He was a pass catching fool, too. 1 —1-1— / All of us kids liked “Dugg” and I often wondered what kind of a coach he made. And there is hothing like asking someone who has played under him for that information, and luckily there is a Lousiana Tech athlete whose home is in Lafayette who had such information. —I-I— Walter Ford, who will be a sophomore at Louisiana Tech this season, an dwho is expected to play a bit of quarterback for the southerners, was really sold on Coach Duggins. Ford told us that Coach “Dugg” was a prince. We are glad of that, since three-fourth of sue-
Baseball Team Meets Lawson Dairy, Civil Camp Summer session baseball team will meet the Lawson Dairy nine tomorrow afternoon on the freshman ball diamond at 4:16, in their fourth start of the season. They are seeking their second win; their only other victory being at the hands of the dairy nine earlier in the season. Jackson and Hanson will form the summer session batteries. Sunday afternoon the jrwill tackle the Ross Camp ball team at civil cam^. All Matches ... in the men’s singles tennis tournament must be played before Friday, July 26, according to an announcement by Larry Imhoff, in charge of the tournament. This is a bracket tournament and the divisions cannot be completed uhtil each match has been played. Matches to be played are posted on the bulletin board, outside of the intramural office.
For cold news during hot weather read that good paper. The Purdue Exponent.
cessful coaching is a winning personality and ability to motivate. —I-I-r I’ve noticed that places on the college all-star team are being all but campaigned for. All kinds of petitions are out beihg signed by persons who never saw a ball game on a grid, but we must boost Purdue football—so let’s do it.
Mr. House Manager . . . 1. Fall rush is not far off. 2. Fraternities must look their best— Especially in the fall. ' 3. Huneck’s have the experience to help you do this. 4. Huneck’s have the materials also.^ 5. We’re only too glad to help you. GIVE US A CALL HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. Paint for Every Surface—A Glass for Every Purpose’” Phone 3841 826 Main
Visit
for
Convenience
Excellent Food
Good Service
ifuL fiuhdjjUL WmmAiaL lAnion,
The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Oh The Basebail Front By Areh
Back after a surprise shower . . . or should we say cloudburst... the All-Star game. The sports fans have forgotten the so-called “bum pickin’ ” of players and now remember only the impressive showing made by the stars of the senior circuit in shutting out Ye American Leag^ue Sluggers with three hits. —bbf— The prestige of the NationaL League has risen a good many percentage points since McKechnie’s all-star pitchers began to accumulate shut-out innings against the American League squad. But the past is short-lived as the present when it comes to baseball, and we look again to the American League. For the first time in fiye years the outcome has been not only somewhat in doubt, but very much so. —bbf— Four seasons have been the Yanks . . . although some writers wouldn’t admit it. .. cinches to win the pennant from Memorial Day on. Now the race finds four clubs less than five games apart, the Yanks being the fourth club and quoted at odds no better than those of the Red Sox to finish on top. The bosses of these clubs are starting relief hurlers in seemingly crucial series where only the Number One, Two, or Three men on the staff would get the nod early in the season, looking for winning combinations in revamped fielding spots, and trying to create the “breaks.” —bbf— Where the National League race has been at least a three-or-four-sided affair in recent seasons, it is now a two-sided race with the Dodgers slipping out of* the ruiming with their pitching staff of vacation. After a slight pitching slump of their own, the Cincy Reds seem to be having their way with the exception of one or two meetings with the top pitchers of some of the other clubs. —bbf-j-Right at convention time the Chicago feams seem to be thriving on baseball and the New York teams. The Cubs taught the Giants several successive lessons in futility, and the Sox humbled the rumored-to-be-for-sale Yanks twice in three starts. Herman of the Cubs hit three for three in the All-Star contest, and Wright and Appling have been holding down the American League bat-
Our craftsmen always use the accepted method for each type of fabric. And in pressing we pay particular attention to shoulders, collars, lapels and trousers, to make your suits as perfectly shaped as they were when new. SUITS Laundered 75c Dry Cleaned 85c Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Chemical Engineers Leading In Softball The Chemical Engineers took a firm hold on first place in the summer sess^^ softball tournament when they defeated Fraternity Row Tuesday evening by the score of 2-1. The Chems scored their two runs on a walk and Machacek’s home run, their only hit of the game. Chems Set Pace Behind the pitching of Hemer, one of the fastest softball pitchers in this territory, the Chems have set the pace and bid fair Jto win the tournament in spite of file faqt that the other teams boast of several varsity athletes. Theta Chi beat the Bearcats Tuesday evening by the score of 8-4. Games scheduled for tonight at 6:30 are Fraternity Row vS. Bearcats and Chem Engineers vs. Theta Chi. Next Tuesday* Fraternity Row will meet Theta Chi and the Chem Engineers will meet the Bearcats. Standings Hife standings are as follows: Chem Engineers in first place with two wins and one tie; Fraternity Row in second place with two wins, one defeat and one tie; Theta Chi in third place with two wins and one defeat; and the Bearcats in last place with four defeats.
tmg lead with percentages so close as to be carried in four figures. —bbf— A sad note in the Boston Red Sox camp . . . Jimmie Foxx, star slugger who has been so popular that teammate Ted Williams grows / jealous, joined Lou Finney on tho sidelines after being spiked at first base by Berardino of the Browns. After the Red Sox won all of a four game series in Chicago several weeks ago, it was Berardino who himself accounted for two of the victories slapped on the slumping Red Sox by the Browns ... by borrowing Foxx’ style . . . winning with homeruns. —bbf— Some did-ya-knows . . . that Jimmie Foxx was the only member of either All-Star team who has been nominated for all eight of the contests placed to date . . . that major league ball parks are required to have on hand enough ushers or police to clear the field for play within 16 minutes after a disturbance in which the crowd figures is ordered stopped by the head umpire . . . that no night game may be scheduled as the final game of any series . . . that night games in Brooklyn finish up somewhere around midnight .. . one 18-inning game lasted into the mornittg while already tired hubbies held their wives heads on their laps . . . g’night, folks.
Purdue Marksmen lead ROTC Pisiol Praefire Purdue University's Battery B led R. O. T. C. marksmen at Ft. Knox, Kentucky, in recent pistol firing practice there, a release from the camp announces today. Top marksman this year was Cadet Kenneth W. Kettenring, Glen Ellyn, 111., Purdue chemical engineering major. He scored 93.7 per cent. Seventy-nine per cent of Battery B’s men qualified, as compared to 70 per cent for the entire artillery group. Indianapolis trainees who qualified as expert marksmen were Jap A. Powell, 3760 North Pennsylvania street; Harold V. Hawes, 1333 North Oakland avenue, gnd Robert F. Miller, 1321 North Lexington avenue. Instructional . . . work in the first unit of the short course in rural life underwriting at the University came to a close last Friday with a series of four lectures on various phases of insurance. The short course closes with an examination Saturday morning. The advanced unit was launched Monday morning to continue through Saturday. Physical Ed ... staff members and summer school PE students will attend a golf and dinner party at the East Side Country Club tomorrow evening as guests of the club. MILLERS^ILL-ROLLERS (Continued from page 1)
Jim “Just-ask-the-Professor ” McKee; Howard “Beatin-Willis-is-a-hobbie” Deer; Ed “I-must-see-An-nie-tonight” Matthews; George “I-hope-it’s-hot-for summer-prom” Prey; and Lawrence “Nine-pins-and a-wiggle” Archibald. Both teams have promised to use the same lineups in the return match if at all possible. Grudges to be settled are those of McKee against the good doctor, Willis against his ancient rival. Deer, and Archibald. against Stuckey. McKee had little to say after last night’s match. Dan Heiple, Exponent team manager, said, “Watch Miller’s gang brag ... they’re going to get sick on prosperity and it won’t take two weeks to do it. Maybe we’ll send them back to the health service to recuperate after the next match.” Stuckey, who manages the bowling alleys and sports a good average in competition, intimated last night that he may be away on his vacation when the return match is bowled. Miller was nervous when told of this, and admitted that the results may be much closer than they were in the fitcst match. Provisions Avill be made to handle a larger gallery next time, it was learned.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40 College Textbooks and Student Supplies
Across from the Union BuOding Next to CoUege Inn Highest CASH price on all other books whether used at Purdue or not. t«Wi«. ^ ‘
T^
PDBDUE EXPONENT
Thursday^ July 18. 1940
The^th cjolumn
We tuned in on the national convention last night Senator Barkley had quite a load to get off his chest After listening to him for a while we decided that the French and us now have something in common They blame then mistakes on the Fifth Column We blame the Republicans * !|! * From what we gather, those boys made more mistakes in their ciack at running things than we do on an accounting trial balance And that’s pretty sad * ♦ ♦ They sang ‘‘God Bless America,” too That’s the Nazi’s theme song these days (God Blast, America ) And if he don’t I will, says Hitler. * * * Reports ovei the ladio last night informed us of an Ameiican protest to the British closing the Burma load We piotest too We’ie not worried about the Chinese not having any bullets to shoot But we’re going to miss those hand carved back scratchers H= !): * Remembei the Ripley story about the maichmg Chinese According to that theory they can’t lose Tlijev’ve got man power into mass production 5!> H* * Among the headlines we found TWO LAFAYETTE BOYS ARE MADE SOLDIERS Which just goes to prove that Soldiers are made not born
The Purdue Exponent
Enter«d as second class natter at the post o_ce in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of Cottgress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Januanr 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academie year and weekly during the Sunuaer Session Subscriptions mailed for 80 eenti.
Editor-in-Chief News Editor Managing Editor Associate Editors
Publication Staff
— K
J A Purcell J
W Donahue J H McKee
_ D K. Heiple
L. Traugott
Butinass Staff Local Advertising D S Powers, G C Landers, Circulation Manager, R M. RectenWald
Sporta Staff
Editor
- J P Dolan
Phonoa: Editorial 4005; Bininota 5038; Sporta 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representativas, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N Y.
We see by the papers that the British Battleship Hood has been getting around some since the outbreak of the war. According to all reports she has been sunk once and damaged beyond repair eight times Must be in pretty bad shape. * * * The British ought to condemn her. * jH This talk about Draft Roosevelt has us a little nervous Not that we don’t like Mr Roosevelt But he has some draft ideas himself And they don’t include any $75,000 a year salaries It’s liable to be contagious.
At Civil Camp With Suds
Monday, July 8 It was a tired but happy bunch that answered roll call this morning The reason for this was due to the generosity of the staff who let us loose on Wednesday of the 3rd All of us (except a few) bnjoyed life in God’s country I understand those few set the record for sleep getting around here The tables were turned over the fourth—^the boys gave the pool a good bath Civil Camp IS no place for a kid sister One ball game was enough Her 1000% batting average makes my 200 plus average look sick Tuesday, July 9— Several of the topography group found ourselves traveling around a bit today At least we ended up every place in the U S but Ros^
Camp yvhen we finished our polaris and solar observations. The works of the 5th columnist have been removed The five swatzikas (sp. ’) and the words Bund Camp No lA on the platform have been covered with silver paint Wednesday, July 10— The Slaphappy Sadapples (here-to-fore undefeated) met their Waterloo tonight against the Lommel Larripin Lulu’s The reason for such a tremendous defeat was attributed to their sponsor, Proj^ Springer, who for the first time failed to wear one of those loud lucky shirts Friday, July 12— Ho, hum—The" die is cast—Mid Camp final today—(just a reminder to you in summer scjhool). You could sure tell the final was over tonight by the noise—quiet—^you’ll wake up the dead Sunday, July 14— The American Society of Civil Engineers held their annual picnic here today David Ross honored us
with a short talk R B. Stewart proved that he was the ablest man from a group of selected contestants at throwing the bull Prof. Lommel’s daughter, Martha, showed all the married women how to handle a rolling pin on your husband when she made^the highest score Splash—Mr Neleigh demonstrated to the women how Prof. Todd’s shoe should really be kicked—over the fence and into the swimming pool A chocolate meringue pie was devoured in four minutes by the mighty Schakel. Need I mention the name of the pig who finished first in the watermellon contest? Having taken the location half of camp last summer I leave Ellen to keep those 70 boys our of mischief for the next four weeks.
Gov C L Olson of California has received a letter recommending that nudism be made compulsory in all California schools It might produce results at that
QnihsCJtiOudtM
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9 15 a m —Discussion group, University Presbyteiian Church, cor ner of Noith and Grant Streets Dr Giaves will lead discussion 10 15 a m—Worship and pi each mg sei vices at Central Piesbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette Di Graham preaching Special music Games On The Green End Tuesday Evening Last “Games on the Green” for the summer session will be held next Tuesday evening on inti amural field Last week, accoiding to Chief Clev ett one o fthe largest crowds of the summei was out on the field engaged in one of the many lawn games set up Facilities ai6 avail able for aicheiy, croquet, badmin
ton, deck tennis, volleyball, bowling (on the courts alongside the fieldhouse), and ping pong According to Clevett, many of the students have been making Tuesday evening a regular date for “Games on the Green ” He expects that next Tuesday’s games’ enthusiasts will be larger than last week’s crowd
The British battleship Hood has had a very adventuresome career since the war began, sunk once and bombed beyond repair eight times
It Pays to Advertise in the
Summer Exponent
• • • •
LUCK
Plays no part in acquiring an education. You have to work
hard for it.
So, be comfortable while you work. You’ll be more comfortable in Crown Cleaned Clothes. USE CROWN CLEANING REGULARLY 11917^ UmiDRY ME CLIAWE MS OF FIN'E CLOTMES
Classified Ads
Apartment For Rent—Excellent ly fine two rooms with private bath Everything furnished except linens, silverware and dishes West Side Cleaners
Russ—Rent-A-Car Service Cars for all occasions Min $2 50 all night Phone 71644
Lost—Three keys in black key case near E E bldg Sat, July 13 Call 6076 Very important Reward Miss Mane Davis, Radio Station WBAA
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned For Economy ..... The Lahr Hotel
Call a Yellow Cab
n
TAXI
Put all your driving cares into the hands of our trusty, amiable drivers and relax. Don't forget to call a YELLOW CAB, especially for your next social event.
I
TAXI
5023
PHONES
3071
YELLOW CAB CO
^^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow
99
l\ea(l Collegiate Sports
DAILY IN
The Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29
Before You Make That Trip To See Your Best Girl Have your car tuned up by Anderson^s expert mechanics* You will be surprised at the '* improvement in performance* Peter Anderson Company
6th and Alabama Streets
46
After You We Come First”