‘; TV
■ .H'> ,.-
T ' \<T '
A V >
University Will Switch Over To Navy Schedule
Established 1889
Who Started This?
Volume 56, No. 25
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, |une 24, 1943
Eds To Vacate Fraternity Houses This Week WBAA
Movies Reveal Radio Process
Navy V-1,V-7 Programs End Saturday; Others Finish Soon Negotiations for the lease of 20 campus fraternity houses were completed by the University yesterday afternoon in order to provide living space for more than 2,000 service men who will begin training at the University next month. Eleven houses and one side of Cary Hall will be placed at the disposal of the Navy to house 450 Marine reserves and 800 Navy V-12, V-1 and V-7 re- — - — —i
serves. The organizations affected are Kappa Delta, Rho, Phi Kuppa, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa Psi, Pi Kappa Phi, Delta Chi, Theta Chi, Phi Delta Theta, Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Gamma Delta and Lambda Chi Alpha. The 460 Marines will be housed in these houses along with 50 Navy reservists, while the remaining 750 will be quartered in Cary Hall
Southeast.
Army To Use Nine
Nine houses will be available for Dean of Agricultural H. J. Reed use by the Army for Specialized yesterday in addressing the 250 Training. Houses included in this teachers of vocational agriculture group ar^ those belonging to Sigma attepding the initial sessions of the Alpha Epsilon, Theta Xi, Sigma 29th annual conference at the UniChi, Beta Theta Pi, Acacia, Alpha versity. „ _
Chi Rho, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha “If ye use just plain, ordinary ^ j
■ . \ 4. ,1.1 Barbara Anderson and Gretchen
RCA OHidals Visit/Hg/fon Will Give
Campus Cadettes r
Dmn, Mod loor Tomorrow
Opera Star To Sing Intermezzo, Loch Lomand, Nocturne At Music Hall
H. J. Reed Forsees Feed Shortage Soon On Indiana Farms Dean Of Agriculture Talks To Teachers Farmers of Indiana are facing a great feed shortage, emphasized
Sherry.
Dr. Gilbreth Encourages Girls Following dinner the visitors and
Gamma Rho and Oliver Perkins arithmetic, it is eas'y to see that Terry House. Cary Hall Southwest with the record number of livestock will also quarter a number of on hand we do not have and will not trainees, 610 all together, while 416 have enough feed to fatten our
will live in the fraternity houses, stock” declared Dean Reed. He al- the cadettes assembled in the recreAccording to terms of the con- predicted that the food situation ation room in South Hall, where tracts, held between the Greek or- is going to get more serious as the Virginia McGuire introduced the ganizations and the University, Allies advance into Europe. men from Bloomington and the each house will be leased for one Similar statements were made by speaker of the evening. Dr. Gilyear by the University. All Cary Hassil Schenck, president of the In- breth. Dr. Gilbreth welcomed the Hall will now be under one contract diana farm bureau, who ip addition girls to the engineering profession, and will house approximately 2,200 declared that while we have the and expressed the hope that they
largest income in the history of the will be able to supplement their countiy, the farmers, who compose present training so that they may nearly one fourth of the population take full advantage of the opporof the country are now receiving tunities offered them in the engionly one ninth of the income. Mr. neering field. She agreed with the Schenk also revealed that the many who think that the RCA caAmerican public spent 31 per cent dette training piogram and other
of their income for food in 1939, 38 similar courses offer the partici- —^— per cent in 1942, and only 22 per pants many advantages, but she be gtlined by student passpoi’t, season ticket or single admis-
-onon sale al me Ca.hier-sOfflcefor $1.10, including tax. ^
will arrive some time later. 'pjjg sessions were presided over Gilbreth has a special interest in Melton is an American, a native of the South, educated ill Special Terms End Soon by Bruce Hardy of Scottsburg, Ind., the RCA group because she helped American schools and colleges Special terms in session now at president of the Indiana Vocational plan their course. The program of the concert ap- and received his Voice and op-
men in the aimed services. Residents Move Sunday
Civilian students residing in Cary Hall will vacate their rooms by Sunday evening and all fraternity men affected have been asked to leave their houses by the same time. Naval reservists will arrive on the
-Z'l
RGA representatives visited the Tomorrow night, James Melton, leading tenor of the Metrocampus y'esteiday and w^e enter- pQ^j^^n Opera Association, will appear at a convocation in the tamed at the Women’s Residence . ? r-i Halls last'night at a dinner meeting Music Hall at 7:30. Doors will open at 7 and admission may of the RCA cadettes, where Dr. —
Lillian Gilbreth, of the General Engineering department spoke to
the group.
The men made the trip here in order that they might obseive RCA cadettes at work, and also that they might meet and talk with as many of the girls as possible. After lunching with a few of the RCA faculty, the plant representatives spent the afternoon visiting classes. They were guests at dinner in the Women’s Residence Halls, where the cadettes are living. Hostesses for the evening were Pat Ryors,
Eight Week Session Begins In September Accor4ing to Prof. C. Hockema, an eight-week session of courses for all students will begin with registrtftibB on August 31 and September 1, andjclasses starting on Thursday, September 2. Students, including all incoming tailmen, who choose to attend school durin gthese eight wehks after the two-week August vacation will take half as thahy
courses and meet twice aa
many hours per week.
Since the Navy program begins July 1 and runs for 16 weeks, the intensive session will end at the same thne^ around the end of October. Thfa 1* the main purpose of the course— put civilian courses in step with the Navy program. Thus, eds who 6nish the intensive session may step directly into the Navy program
starting November 1.
Freshmen May Enter In SeptetBber The Home Economics school will alter its curricula to fit in with the rest of the University, so new freshman girls may enter in September as scheduled if they wish. Vacations will be the same as' in the Navy program. This would hidicate that Christmas holidays will probably cover one day; hoW^fer, Hockema stressed that this arrangement is subject to change by
the University.
Seniors due to graduate in December, if inducted into the services after completing eight or more weeks of school with passing grades, will have met the requirements for graduation. Commencement exercises will be held in August and every semester thereafter is the seniors so desire.
To Hold Auditions Tomorrow afternoon from 8 until 6, WBAA will audition announcers, student musical talent, script-
cians.
The callout is especially for the benefit of intra-session freshmen and any others who have missed previous tiy-out periods. No previous training is necessary. This special test will be the last to be held at WBAA until next semester. Would-be announcers should not attend unless they feel they really have speaking talents, as the voice is all-important for this division of the WBAA staff. Many announcers trained and given experience in the WBAA studios have been and are being placed in professional positions with commeicial radio stations from coast to coast. Last Tryout Until This Summer The tryout period Friday will be the .only one at this time, with no additional auditions the following day, as has been the practice in the past. Musicians, other than pianists should bring their own accompan-
ists.
Script-writers will be given written tests, and all other posi-
tions will be registei’ed at this same time. A student may tryout for as many positions as he or she is interested. The tryouts will stop at 6 promptly whether the entire group has been tested or not, so early attendance is suggested.
JAMES MELTON
the University include the speedup Agriculture Teachers Association. program for Navy V-1 and V-7
men, which will end Saturday, and the Army Specialized Training term which will end July 3. Advanced ROTC students who will not stay until graduation will finish next Tuesday and will then be eligible to receive their degrees. Those choosing to stay until the end of the semester will do so and graduate with the regular civilian students. Army Convoy
Unit Sleeps In Armory
One hundred fifty-nine army men of a truck convoy unit paid an overnight visit to the University arriv-
ing at eight o’clock last night and neering discussed their particular
(See RCA, page 4)
pears on page 4.
Ag Engineers End Talks On Food Front Problems
By Dick Ward
The thirty-sixth annual meeting of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers, closed yesterday with an attendance of 281 leaders in agricultural engineering from all parts of the country. The group devoted the bulk of their time to the discussion of the war time needs in agriculture particularly on the food front. Several specialists from the several fields of agricultural engi-
leaving early this morning. The men, under the charge of
Major F. W. Banta of Goshen, ate
problems among their own groups. Stresses Importance of Engineers “Farm structures have been the
at the Union and were quartered in step-children in the construction inthe Armory. They left Camp Ellis, dustry,” said W. G. Kaiser, manager 111., Monday and, after transporting of the cement products bureau of an allotment of soldiers to their the Portland Cement Association, destination, were returning to Chicago, 111. Kaiser declared “the their camp south of PeOria, 111. big question which we agricultural The 116 trucks in the unit con- engineers should ask ourselves is, sisited of weapon carriers, jeeps, supply the technical sertwo and one half ton cargoes, and vices which will enable the farmers scout cars with the movement being ef this country to build structures undertaken for the Quartermaster which ai’e correctly engineered
also be kept in mind, lealizing that engineers cannot be fabiicated
overnight.
Need For Electrical Research J. P. Schaenzer, acting head of
the special problems section of the ance
REA, Washington, D. C., spoke before the rural electric group at which he declared that much fundamental reseaieh has still to be done before it is possible to piepaie functional specifications to meet the lequiiements of much of the electric equipment suitable for farming and before it is I’eady for quantity production by manufactur-
eratic training in this country also. He is said to have no equal in interpreting the folk songs and ballads of America. He is also a linguist, able to catch the dramatic mood of Italian, French and German classics. Appeared On Stage and Screen ^ Melton made his debute in musical circles, then singing on American and European Concert Tours, and radio programs. He has made motion pictures and in the field of opera his rising popularity has given him the titlg of leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Associa-
tion.
The tenor is of striking appearand his personality is ex-
Dinner Marks End Of Ag Conference Benjamin Receives Cyrus Hall Medal For 'Meritorious Engineering' Last Tuesday night marked the final general meeting of the 36th annual conference of the American Society of AgricRltural Engineers held Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday in the Union. At the m'eeting, William Boss, emeritus professor Of agricultural engineering at the University of Minnesota, aOd Bert R. Benjamin, retired official of the International fiGftrvester Co., were honored for -hi i their achievements in the field Deere Medal,, although he had no
of agricultural engineering. In a ceremony before 281
agricultural engineers from among creators of curricula for ita all parts of the country at- t^^^ching, Boss was the designer qf tending the session. Professor Boss for its hous-
formal education in agricultural engineering^ was one of the founders of the profession. A pioneer
received the John Deere Medal for
pressed in enacting his songs such as: Alfredo of “La Traviata” or
“Madame Butteifly”.
Student Union Contiues Dances
Tea dances offered by the Student Union are again in full swing. These informal dances ai'e offered eveiy Wednesday afternoon arid aie
open from 4 to 6.
Eveiyonc is invited and new
Corps.
Freshman V-1, V-12
Students
All freshmen who are members of
Wood Discus.ses Irrigafion In a discussion of “Iirigatioii and
the War Effoit” befoio the sod and water group, Ivan U. Wood, district
engineer of the FSA, cited the pos- fveshmen and special students are sibihties of the iriigatcd lands of especially welcome. These dances the west as a producer of food for ai'e designed to bring the students freedom. The west has 20,'668,953 together and it is certainly one way irrigated acres of land which will to meet your fellow classmates,
the needs of the war industries play an important part. This figiue Music is provided by your favorite must be recognized by the estab- represents only 3 per cent of the recordings. Another fiworable point
buildings that will satisfy the fundamental requirements and that
will be^ economical efficient. ligViment of an “industry reserve,” land in farms, yet produces 30 per that the admission is only a dime.
or Selective Service regulations cent of the west’s crop income, modified to insure a continuity in Wood stated that works are now
mg.
Organized Ag. Engineering As head of the agricultral engi-
neering division at the University of Minnesota for 20 years, he wto responsible for organizing the division into three sections—furtn power and machinery, farm strui^
tures and soil moisture relations* Boss also instituted a definite
program of agricultural engineering research and initiated a professional course in agricultural engineering. He is now devoting his time to the problem of improving living conditions for his fellow man.
Dr. Elliott spoke a few words to
the assembly at the close of the banquet. He extended an official greeting to the men and women gathered in the Union for the inauguation of Aithur W. Turner, educational advisor of the InternatiOnal Haivester Company, who was in-
“Distinguished Achievement in the stalled as new president of A.S,A.E. Application of Science and Art to tor 194o-44. Elliott in his concluding the Soil ” remaiks reminded the engineers ^ . 1 1 ,1 ^ thattheymustacceptmorerespon-
Benjamm was awarded the Cyrus
Hall Medal offered “For Excep-
tional and Meritoiious Engineering victoiy
Achievement in Agiiculture.” Known as “daddy of the Farmall Tractor”, Benjamin started his agricultural engineering career in
C. ELLIOTT
It was also announced at the dinner that the Farm Equipment Institute Trophy offered for outstanding achievement among student
1893 as a draltsman-desikner, and Society had bden
before his retirement in 1940 was
Kaiser declared that the farm struc tures engineer is a “jack of all
trades who must qualify as a supply of engineers. Potter de- constructed for seven million acres the Navy V-1 or V-12 Reserves will structural engineer, as a sanitarian, be of land not now being irrigated and meet this afternoon at 4 in Room f.® ^ fought to a victorious finish, and a statement from the Bureau of Re-
254 of the Electrical Engineering building. Members of either of the
awaided to the student branch at
two reserves who have not received orders to report on July 1st, are invited to attend the meeting. KNAPP
livestock or crop specialist. cannot be accomplished unless clamation that there is water availDean Potter Addresses Engineers there is an adequate and continuous able for irrigating an additional 22 Dean Potter, of the University supply of engineers for service in million acres as well as giving supschools of engineering, stressed the the armed forces and in the war in- plemental water for 11,700,000 point that engineering education dustries. The requirements for engi- acres, or 85,000 farms, facing water
must be geared to the war effort, neers for the post-war period must shortage.
(
Faculty Notice 'Po Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, June 28, at 4 p. m., in
Eliza Fowler Hall.
A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT
President
granted 140 patents equally divided among farm imnlements, tractois
and tractor attachments.
■fk ' ’*'1.1)'""',
Prof. F. C. Fenton, head of the depai tment of agricultural
His was the basic design trom neering, Kansas State College, apd which the present day tractor W. D. Ellison, project supervlsbr, models are manufactured. One of Soil Conservation Service, Benjamin’s major contributions to tou, Ohio^ were also inaugurate aa mechanized agriculture was devel- new councilois for a three''year opment and application of the pow- term. The new officers were seized er take-off'. in a mail ballot conducted ptioor W Piofe^sor Boss, winner of the the annual meeting.> » - “■
i
Purdue Expom^
Thursday, June 24, 1943 ,
^ity «R{W PEARSON German Hciitie front- Propaganda Indicales Nazi-Military Split; GTlstiUers Gut Liquor Potency , TVASHINGTON—Inside reports indicate that Nazi propaganda for domestic consumption has suddenly c^^nged direction, and changed sharply. German govofficials ate now speaking boldly and bluntly ttiythe.pedple, with the idea of shocking them into a ' r^^j|faiiori( of the rigors that lie ahead, and to make and fight for their lives. Iffie Diplomatic Corps has received word that the !^gizi gauleiter at Hamburg made a speech warning's audience that there is a traditional weakness in the Gei’iriaffith&racter, which sometimes fails at the final j^nch^a lack of perseverance necessary to carry a db^ged fight to a successful conclusion. • At- the same time it is learned that Goebbels has IpO^eia' speech in much the same vein. ’ This is regarded as indicating not only that Germany is in desperate circumstances, but also—somewhat mOre important—that the military are now in control, and the Nazi Party leaders have climbed down from the top notch of leadership. Realistic expression is typical of the military attitude which has long been opposed to the political paIgyer Of the Nazi Party leaders. At the same time Washington officials learn that Nalzi Party leaders are making rules intended to defend the Party against attack and aspersions. This apparently indicates that the Party is being attacked fypm within the country, obviously by the military elements. This is the fatal crack in Germany-^the split between the military elements and the Nazi Party, lichen the final blowup comes, though it may not be a long time, it will be between the Nazis and the piijiiary. .^j^ltace Prepares Own 'Compost' ’^Professional photographers would give their eye f|idth for a shot of Henry Wallace, dressed in blue alpeks ,standing on top of a manure pile. ri(,jt : is the Vice President’s own manure pile, and he ia>proud of it. He has prepared it himsell' by mixing vegetable i.-inttcf -.ml manure, layer by layer, and watering it wUh ihc garden hose. The result is something he calls by the more delicate name of “compost jdle”, and which he dearly needs for fertilizing his Victory garden. - At the moment, Wallace was standing on top of the pile sO that he could throw some of the manure down to cover the old pea vines. The vines had yielded their crop for the season, and he had torn thein up by the roots, and was adding them to the compost pile. ' tR[e had to do something about the soil. It was made by.dumping fill from excavations, when neighboring houses were built. “The soil is so bad,” says Mr. Wallace, “that it won’t even grow good weeds.” , But it will grow good tomatoes. Wallace has gone Strong on tomatoes. In fact, Mrs. Wallace, who gets out eVery morping to work with him before breakfast, thinks he has too many tomato plants. She counted them the other day, and found there were 480. Almost any evening around seven, you will find the Vice President of the United States pushing between his. rows of tomatoes, while Mrs. Wallace, working with a hoe, flicks a little handkerchief in front of her face to drive the gnats away. “Henry,” she says, “how does it happen the gnats don’t trouble you? There’s not a one around you, and look at the cloud around me.” “They are sensitive, my dear, to the state of mind of the individual,” says the Vice President, implying that his wife would be calm about it, the gnats wOlud go away. public Gels Weaker Liquor Though the public is generally unaware of it, much of the whiskey being sold today is inferior both in quality and quantity to pre-war liquor. As expressed in the trade, “We have dropped a couple of degrees.” This is another way of saying that whiskey which used to be 90 proof is now 85. In other words, the distillers ave diluting their product to make it go farther. . .There are limits to this, fo'r the law provides a minimum of 80 proof for anything marketed as whiskey. likewise there is a general trend toward retailing whiskey in “fifths”, or one-fifth of a gallon ,instead of quarts. Distillers’ explanation for this is the necessity of making liquor go farther with limited supplies. Reduced supplies are reflected in the fact that 1948 consumption of distilled liquoi’s is falling off sharply from 1942. January of this year showed a drop of 2.4 per cent from January, 1942. February, March and April were off 17, 12 and 10 per cent, respec-
tively.
NOTE: All-time high for any one month in the history of the liquor business was last October, when, just before the new tax went on, the public bought 26 million gallons of distilled spirits. Grant and Lincoln Meet; 1943 On a hot summer day in Washington a conference was held between Lincoln and General Grant. The subject of the conference was the identification of emergency vehicles operating during possible air
raids.
General Grant had received complaints from Eastern Seaboard cities to the effect that aii' raid regulations are causing an increase in automobile accidents. But before the conference was over Grant agVeed with Lincoln that the present regulations should not be
changed.
Major Genei-al Ulys.ses S. Grant, III, is AssistanJ Dfrcetoi' of Ori) in rl.arge of protection activities. Col. Ralph A. j,i'i>-i,ln IS Assistant Civil Affairs Officer on the staff d Lt. Gen, Hugh A. Drum, Chief of
the Eastern Defcnise Command.
NOTE: General Grant, with a long recoi'd as an Army engineer, supeivised the construction of the Memorial Bridge which crosses the Potomac River between the Lincoln Memoj ial Building and the Lee
home on the Viiginia side.
"Administrative Expenses" ,4S. seems inconceivable that wai' conti acto)‘s couldconjiire up any more devices for swelling tl,e cost of the war than those ali eady being committed under the hlSad of “administrative expenses” in cost-plus con-
tr^cts.
However, tlie shipping industiy has thought up a
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 1191 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Konotany Editor.........: Honorary Editor ...N Honorary Biixincas Manager VVifh the Colors
... William G. HoBkins Dale E. Butz ..Gerhard -H; Klouman
Editor Business Manaecr News Editor MOnaelne Editor Adyertisin-st ManaRcr.. Sports Editor Coed Editor.
Robert W. Boswinkle Mary Dllts ..Sally Bchll Donald E. Brewer A. .lane Keim Joseph S. Dawson , Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: H. B. Abbott, C. C. Martindell, E. F. Murphy, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. .T. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: U. M. Eipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards.
Business Staff
ABsfst&nt AdycrtlBinfi- Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Layout Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Editor-in-Chief
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindell
Day Editor: Grotnes
Rcporler.s: Ogdon, Ward, Tuosberg.
Sports Editor: Smith Issue Editor: Kitcoif
Steires, Swerdloff, Hnblas, Margolis,
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, an*d at the special rate' of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for .$1.25 for a seme.ster; by mail for $1.G0 for a semester. Subscriptions may bo obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
GftiNAN|>.
By Jack Abbett j These race riots that have been springing up all over the country seem to have one very pronounced similarity. They are always between supposedly good Americans and bad Americans, such as the Negroes and Mexican-Americans, and they always seehi to start with the racial minority doing some piece of destruction. Hitler has always said that he could get the racial groups stirred up _— ———^^ against the American system if given half a chance and this popular ^an in'Washington, but he seems to be just what he is do- to get things done reing. He has not only stirred of public opinion. Ickes up the Negroes, but he. has undoubtedly make someone spread rumors that these racial , , , minorities are what is causing the ' bottle necks. The government has given full power, but it might mean done its best to stop this ill feeling an end to the strike, that might but little seems to have been accom- otherwise start again on October plmhed. The government undoubt- 3^^ p.^gident Roosevelt might also edly realize that the only way io the matter under his stop this rioting IS to get the men p, (Nazi saboteui^) that have been in- ^ ^^ich will probably be in citing the trouble and spreading the ^laborers.. rumors. V •
Almost ready to go to press is the new honesty booklet, annual product of the^TJniversity Committee for the Promotion of Honesty. The booklet will be distributed to students at next semester’s registration. Less somber and boring than other editions, the new edition is definitely designed for student reading. The honesty booklet was first put out several years ago when Dr. Elliott suggested that faculty members and students should have in pamphlet form the honesty code of the University. The result was a rather drab booklet that was passed out to all students during registration. Students, forced to read many dull paragraphs daily, usually gave the booklet an unused spot on a book shelf or a corner of a wastebasket. The booklet being so handled rarely put its honesty aims across. There was growing sentiment this semester to discontinue the booklet. The committee decided to change radically the content and format of this year’s publication. Near the front of the booklet will be a cartoon drawn by a noted cartooni.st, and pictures of Professor Bill Miller,, winner of. the Signia Delta Chi Best Teacher Award for 1943, and A1 Menke, captain of last season’s Boilermaker basketball team. Two colors of ink will be used in an effort to improve the appearance of the pages. John Tabb, Exponent layout director, is designing . the cover. The words “sportsmanship” and “fair play” will be emphasized throughout the book. The new book, being written, in the student’s language of sports, pictures and drawings, should prove to be a bit more readable. Perhaps some of the honesty aims of the new book will be put across.—r.w.b. new one—charging charity contributions to the government. f • Since last October, shipping companies have been charging up to “overhead expense” their donations to the United Seamen’s Service, an organization which maintains rest homes for torpedoed merchant seamen. This “overhead expen.se” is passed on to the government through cost-plus contracts. Amazing fact is that the War Shipping Administration fully approves, even encourages, this practice. On October 7, William Radner, WSA general counsel, sent a confidential “Legal Bulletin” to all merchant ship operators giving his blessing. He said: “Inquiries have been , received as to whether contributions made by agents (shipping companies), under service agreements, to United Seamen’s Service, Inc., are reimbursable, or may be considered as part of the agent’s overhead expenses under general order No. 12. “Although contributions by agents to United Seamen’s Service, Inc., are not reimbursable under the provisions of the service agreements, the amounts of such contributions may be included in the overhead expense of the agents in calculating any adjustment of compensation undei^ the provisions of sections 10 and 11 of general order No. 12.” One of the companies which stands to, benefit by this order is the Matson Line, which operates many merchant .ships for the government. By a pure coincidence, WSA Counsel Radner, who issued the order, formerly was connected with the Matson Line’s legal division. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc:) SeAoiai. SiiupRiL Roberf W. Or! ... a gi'uduato of the University in the school of mechanical engineering in 1941, has been promoted to the 1‘ank of staff sergeant at Pecos Army Air Field, Pecos, Texas.
‘But you didn’t sound like it was late when you called me—You usually yell that I’m just like pop’s family, and probably won't amount to anything.” University Calendar Thursday^ june 24 9:00 A.M. Indiana Corn Growers Room 363, Union Friday, June 25 All Day Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Ass’n.......,-.Livestock Judging Pav. 9:00 A,M. Indiana Corn Growers.. ...........Room 363, Union' 7:30 P.M. Convo—James Melton, tenor Hall of Music
The Ratio_
3.85
The United States! beefraen in the House and Senate have always been against the importation of beef from Argentine and Uruguay. The reasons that they gave for this refusal was that the beef in these two countries is contaminated by a certain disease which is fatal and that the. importation of beef from South America would destroy pur beef market. The United States is now facing a very critical beef shortage and could use all the extra beef it could get its hands on. This would certainly be the time to drop the so called barriers and let this beef, come into the country. The beef raisers of Argentina and Uruguay have been willing to subject their meat to any test to stop the disease, and the small amount of beef that these two countries could ship in Would never even dent our own inai'ket, but might help out in the present einergency.
WRH Semi-Formal
The other afternoon a cheeky lad, with sword and shield on bursting bosom, came drizzling in out of the moist elements with a stirring document, which we, the compilers of this hideous column, wish to present to you, the .gentle reader: June 17, 1943 “The Ratio”, Purdue Exponent Purdue Memorial Union, West Lafayette, Ind. Dear Ratio; We the members of Phi Delta Theta were- astonished Thursday morning upon reading in “The Ratio” that we were on Social Probation. Because we have not received notification of such from the University we wonder if you would reveal your source of information? Does Social Probation mean that we will no longer be allowed to continue having iinchaperoned ‘dances’, beer partie.s, and drinking'bouts? Does this also mean that our patriotic gesture of relieving the housin.g shortage by quartering' women guests on our third floor will have to be abandoned? Surely when the house is taken by the Navy next week we won’t have to disconnect our beer pipeline from the Chocolate Shop., While we realize that this is wartime and. that students are here for an education, we also hate to think of.such a restriction as Social Probation that will tend to eliminate the basis of tlie other—and very vi-tal—-half of a college education. Signed.; The.Subtle Sinners ■ Indiana Theta Chaiiter Plii Delta Theta. Conclusion.s:, Frank little devils, aren’t they? Judy Joiic.s, Theta, ha.s at last succumbed to a childhood failing. She recently took the SAE pin of an Anna'polis man who used to play
dolls with her-^or something. Fran Robinson of Playshop fame caused a Luror in her physics class the other day with Bob Marwood’s Alpha Sigma Phi pin emblasoning on her sweater.
The Sigs celebrated their last chapter meeting the other night parting with a drunken brawl, et al. It seems that Al Menke in a stuporous condition took the trouble to give his compliments to Ginny Lee McDonald oyer the telephone. No doubt, she appreciated all that.
The American people should not sit back on their heels arid say that the mining trouble has been done away with, for it most certainly has not. Lewis still refuses to back down on his most important demands, and the operators are just as unyielding' as ever. All the miners have to do is hear an order from Lewis telling them to stop Work and they are on another strike. A possible solution might, however, be reached by the.President putting the strike in the hands of Hai’old L.
Dancing will stai’t Saturday night at 8:30 arid last until 11:30 for the last WRH dance to be held before the boys on campus enter the armed services the first of July. The dance which is semi-formal will be held in the recreational rooms of North and South Hall with Eddie Mack and his Orchestra from the Illinois campus providing the music. Invitations to the coeds hid dance are now being distributed to all the residents and the theme is, “Board the good ship Hilarity and have a hilarious time.” The directions will be in nautical form, Social committees of the various halls are in charge of the dance. The chairmen of the committees are: Pat Patterson, Caryl MacDiarmid and Dottie Gohman. Refreshments will be obtained and served in the Wood Hall Grill. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Lee Haley of WRH succumbed to Al Reynolds’, Pi Kappa Phi, gentle but firm hints and accepted a sparkler.
As they can no long'er be served at the Blazer, Chi’O Ginny Martin, Sheets Taylor and Kappa Betty Wedge have been seen frequently at the Avalon. Prof. Burkholder . . . assistant chief of horticulture, and Dr. Monroe McCown, member of the horticulture extension staff and secretary of the Indiana Horticulture Society, are attending a meeting of the Elkhart County Horticulture Society at Bristol today. V. V. Clark, Class of ’17 and foi'mer Indiana county agent, will be host to the meeting. Professor Burkholder and Dr. McCown will attend the meeting of the Northea.stern Indiana Horticulture Society tomorrow at the Dr. A. E. Eagles orchard near Wolcottville.
NOW SHOWING
28 DAYS OF EPIC HEROISM THAT THRILLED THE WORLD!
— ADDED — Donald Duck in Flying jalopy
EDGAR KENNEDY in TWO FOR THE MONEY
NO GREATER GLORY
Lt. Normaii V. Beaman
... of Muncie, was recently commissioned at Foster Field Advanced Flying School. He was a student at
the University from 1939 to 1941,
TODAY- FRI. - SAT.
RITTER Fuuy KNIGHT, PLUS—SECOND KIT
Henry STEPHENSON Iloyd Corrigan Dorothy lovetf
r&an»llniltm • MiryBiUiHuitiM DIreclod by WILLIAM A.WELLMAN produced and Wrltittn f6r Ih* S<re«n by LAMAR TROTTI
ALLIED SECRET AGENTS STRIKE TERROR IN THE HEARTS OF SCHEMING TRASTORS ... BLOCKING A DESPERATE PLOT TO INVADE AMERICA!
"VALLEY OF HAUNTED MEN TODAY THRU SATURDAY
Mary Andarson • Charles Smith • John Litel Blakeiiey; VaiiEliairOlasei OIriet*!} by-HUflli BtNNETj---' Oijginil Sciiin-Pliy tty Vil'awiii'n .
'if'Vhurstlay^ June 24, 194B
Boilermaker Sports
p^s
SOFTBALL f^liYOFfS, START
CONFIRENCE T|^lS * PLACERS A|>VANCE IN TOURNEY
1943 Fraternity, Ward Softball Playoffs Start
i-Final Roupd
Ideal Weather Conditions Allow Golfers To Play Opening Round Of Tournament With the sun doing a fine job of shining two consecutive days, golfers on the campus have liad an ideal chance to get their round of golf for the all-campus golf tourney played and
out of the way.
Again this spring as during previous springs, this University is sponsoring an all-campus golf tournament. By the
name “all-cainpus”, it is meant that everyone on the campus, from President of the University-, any Navy man located on the campus, down to the lowest rhinie that hasn’t cut a class yet has an equal chance in the tourney. To enter the tournament
is simple.
General Preceilure
First, play eighteen holes of golf
on the Purdue golf course located is 74. Last year the final north of Ross-Ade Stadium, these rounds in the “championship eighteen holes may be played as two flight” were played close to par. nine hole rounds or as a single Trophies will be awarded to the complete trip around the course, winners in every “flight”.
The next step in entering the tour- '
Dr. Smith To Talk At YWCA Meeting Dr. A. A. Smith, of the division
/
with the lowest scores) will be entered in the “championship flight”, the next sixteen lowest golfers will be entei’ed in “flight A”, the next sixteen in “flight B” and so on down the line. This method makes everyone entered to play in competition
of his own class.
The par for the Boilermaker golf
ney is to put your signature and the signature of a witness on the scoreboard, and turn the card in to the caddy house at the first tee of the course, signifying at the time t.hat
you wish to enter the tourney, and of Education'and Applied Psycho-
from that minute on, you are fn the
tourney.
Qualifications Last Till .July 5 The start of the qualification rounds was last Saturday, and they last until July 5. After the qualifying rounds have been declared closed, the scores will be tabulated, and the golfers placed in the
logy will give a short talk on “Musical Appreciation” at a meeting of the Young Women’s Christian Association tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the Music room of the Union. Rev. H. D. Lindblom of Darwin, Minn, a friend of Dr. Smith, will give some piano demonstrations to
“flights” according to their scores, supplement the talk. All students The first sixteen entrants (those aie invited to the meeting.
dislax. CooL TIME SPENT browsing IS TIME WELL SPENT. DROP IN AT THE S/WJLVMmp JlbOJfL AND READ YOUR FAVORITE BOOK AGAIN.
COME TO THE UNION AND PLAY YOUR FAVORITE CLASSICAL AND SEMI-CLASSICAL PIECES IN THE Tybi&ic, (RoDm, IT’S COOL! !i
OfuL (Pw^ TybmmjuxL 'lltmtL The Corner of the Campus--^ Yet the Center of Activities
m Schedules The second round of the Prater-, nity an,d Ward Softball play-offs wUl be played Thurstlay evening. All winners of Wednesday evenings games will be called Thursday morning and notified of their opponents and diamond assignments. The fraternity tennis singles and doubles matches must be completed by Friday evening, June 25. The following matches are yet to be played. It is,, imperative these matches be played and winner declared this week". Please contact your opponents and get the matches played. Singles Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta
Rho
Winner of Delta Upsilon and Kappa Delta Rho vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Mu Doubles Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Kappa Lambda It may be possible for your team to arrange two matches in one evening, the winner playing the winner in the next bracket. Turn scores in to Intramural Office. The Cary Hall Softball league was completed last night with Unit 2 leading with 6 wins and 0 losses. The- standings of the four Units are as follows: Win Lose Unit 1 4 2 Unit 2 6 0 Unit 3 2 4 Unit 4 .0 6 Those fraternities not as yet entered into the Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament should urge their men to play their matches as soon as possible. Each fraternity to play at least 4 men against players of another fraternity. You will have until Friday evening to get your scores in. The finals will be played Saturday, June 26 by the two low fraternities. All Campus qualifications for the golf tournament are coming in very nicely and you are asked to remember that July 5 is the last day in which to qualify for this tournament. Choose your own opponent and play 18 holes, have opponent sign your card and turn it in at Starting House at No. 1 tee. Please indicate on your score card that it is for All Campus. If you are also playing in the fraternity tournament, the one score will do for both, providing you so indicate on your score ca\’d.
Major League All-Star Squad Meets Sailors . Next Wednesday evening the Great Lakes’ baseball combination will be called upon to meet one of the toughest foes -on its schedule when it faces an all-star team composed of both Washington Senators and Chicago White Soxs as the preview of the regularly scheduled night game between the Sox and the Senators. The proceeds of the game will go the war charities and to the purchase of baseball equipment for men in the armed forces. The show will be started by Lt. Ted Lyons of the Marine Corp, a former member of the Chicago White Sox, pitching the first ball of the evening to the manager of the Great Lakes nine, Lt. Mickey Cochrane. Ossie Bluege, co-manager of the All-Stars, selected the following squad as his choice to face the starstudded Navy nine: from Washington, outfielders Stan Spence, Gene Moore and George Case; infielders Johnny Sullivan, Jerry Priddy, and Mickey Vernon; catchers Jake Early and Angelo Giudiani. Prom the White Sox Bluege nominated outfielders Guy Curtright, Thurman Tucker, and Wally Moses; infielders Don Kolloway, Joe Kuhel and Luke Appling; catcher Mike Tresh. Jimmy Dykes is expected to name his selections in the next day or so. Both managers will each select two pitchers to face the sailors. WAA Presents Softball Games The rain has been delaying the WAA softball tournament which is being played on intramural field behind WRH. Schedule for next week: RCA vs University Monday, June
28.
CWC vs RCA Tuesday, June 29. University vs CWC on Wednesday, June 30. Games which have been rained out will be played later. Anyone interested in playing on the University team please contact Jo RUsh, 36772 or call Hilda Gettinger at 76504.
Downs, Wasserman Advance In National Tennis Tournament Only two Big Ten player remain in the competition as the Intercollegiate tennis championships move into the third round of play. These men are Roger Downs, a Naval cadet, representing Northwestern, and Robert Wasserman the Ohio State net star. Wasserman moved into the third round by defeating a teammate of Downs, Pdul Greenberg, 6-2, 6-2. Downs was extended to three sets before he won from Ralph Hart of Grinnell 2-6, 6-4, 6-4. Segura Moves Into Third Round Francisco Segura, the top seeded player of the tourney, advanced into the third round when he defeated his opponent from DePauw, Horice Filer, 6-1, 6-0. Segura, a colorful Ecuador youngster, now attending Miami University, had no trouble in disposing of Filer as he completely outclassed him. Notre Dame’s star -and captain, Jimmy Evert, who is seeded fifth in this tournament had little trouble advancing to the third round as he toppled Marwin Ott of the Michigan State Spartans, 6-1, 6-2. Northwestern’s entry in the doubles tournament, Roger Downs and Les Perlmutter," fell by the wayside in the opening round when Robert Stuckert and William Honey of Western Michigan moved into the second round by virtue of a 6-3,
6-1 victory.
Slated For Tonight
By Marc Ogden
Last night saw the opening of the fraternity and Ward softball playoffs. Eight jiighest teams in each group were eligible to compete in the championship round. In the Ward league Marwood and Dover were tied for eighth position, having to play the tie off -Monday night. However, Dover forfeited, placing Marwood in the finals. Sigma Pi and Pi Kappa Phi
Madigan Becomes Fourteenth Iowa Football Mentor
were also tied for last position. In their playoff the Sigma Pi boys beat the Pi Kappa Phi’s in a close game, 6-4. In the Ward games last night, Owen played Wardr4A and Ward 11 played Marwood. The winners of these two games will
Football coach No. 14 at the University of Iowa since the first paid mentor in 1896 is the roster position
Results of the intramnrhl gktaM
last night: Fraternity—
Army A beat Army B, 3 tb
of Edward P. (Slip) Madigan, who Ferechow, the last man up in the has been named for 1943. last half of the last inning driTihif
The west coast expert, who will across the winning run
serve from July 1 to Jan. 1, will Lambda Chi Alpha defeated
find that the teams of his predeces- C, 5 4
sors established a percentage of
.581.
In the university’s second wartime football year, however, Madigan and other Hawkeye officials have stressed the fact that winning in secondary to the current task of keeping up football because of the benefits it affords to the jiartici-
pants.
Phi Kappa Tan defeated Si^a
Pi, 6-4
Sigma Chi defeated Phi Delta Theta, 2-1 „
Ward-
Ward 11 defeated Marwood, l-§ Ward 5 defeated Circle Pinfesr 7-1 Ward 4A defeated Owen, 14-2
play each other tonight. Circle Pines played Ward 5, and War’d 12 Of the Iowa coaches, Notre
Dame has produced two, for Dr. , * Eddie Anderson, now Major Ander- contests will also play to-
son of the U. S. medical corps, like night.
Madigan was an Irish graduate of Fraternity Playoffs
the eai’ly twenties. Major Anderson t}j0 fraternity playoffs last
duration leaye of absence night Phi Kappa Tan played Sigma
has
from his Iowa duties
Pennsylvania was the college af-
Pi, and the Phi Delta Theta’s pldyed the Sigma Chi’s. The winders of
filiation of the first three Iowa these two games will play tonight coaches, and three others—Samuel to see who will play in the finals. Hobbs, John Chalmers, and John G. Army A and Army B were matdhed
against each other last night. Army C played the Lambda CM*«. The winner of this game will pla^ the winner of the Army A-B game and the winner of that contest will be
in the finals next week., ^
Be "Appetizing”.. • You’re tempting enough, to eat, when you use S-DAY UNDERAHM PADS 550 plut tax What a difference it makes in your looks when you’re sure of your underarm daintiness. Keep that area dry as desert wind, absoluBely odorless, sweet with a 5-DAY PAD every now and then. It’s the handiest method ever, and so extremely effective you can rely upon it for a long time.
Griffith—were former Ipwa stars before their appointments. Chicago, Illinois, and Minnesota were the producers of three others, while Dartmouth an Yale each contri-
buted one man.
Best winning percentage of the Up to last night Marwood and coach who served more than one Ward ll^jyere undefeated, each year was .767 made by Dr. Arthur winning seven games'. Ward 4A Knipe'from 1898 through 1901 on and Owen each had lost*, one game 23 wins, 7 losses7 and 1 tie. Second each going into last night’s battle.
At Ohio State University, frater- fraternity league the Phi
nities and sororities are cooperat
ing in order to help alleviate food difficulties under the sponsorship of the Fraternity Managers’ Office. Plans have been made for a graduate nutrion student to prepare a list of menus wij;h the demands of point rationing in mind, with mimeographed copies of these menus being sent to all Greek organizations. Another experiment to be attempted is the instigation of large scale canning. An expert to supervise the canning will be hii-ed and^ students will aid in the project, the costs as well as the I'esults of the canning being split evenly when the canning season is over,
—E-P—
Ten-cent kisses were featured on the campus of the Univei'sity of Washington as a stimulus to the sale of tags for the Red Cross drive
recently.
Six coeds occupied a booth in a prominent place on the campus throughout a whole week to aid in the attempt to reach the $1000 quota. < _E-P— ,1 Staff members of Makio, yeai’book at Ohio State University, are instituting a plan to provide copies of the annual for strategically located service centers and service posts where a number of Ohio State graduates and former students are
located.
The proposal would involve diverting some of the profits away from the sinking fund in the belief that being able to leaf through copies of their old college annual would “lift the morale” of the serv-
through 1905, on 24-8; and third was .719 by Howard Jones, 1916
through 1923, 41-16.
Dr. Anderson’s four teams won 19, lost 14, and tied 1 for .577.
Kappa Tau’s had won all of their games and the Sigma Pi’s had won five of theirs; both had an equal chance of winning last night’s important game. The Phi Delt’s had a winning percentage of 88 per cfetat, while the Sigma Chi’s percentage was 87 per cent, each having | lost but one game. However, the PM Delts played one more game than
the Sig Chi’s.
Two Army Records Unblemished Army A and Army B were among the undefeated teams, winning all of their eight games. Army C hhd a winning percentage of 77 per cent, while the Lambda Chi Alpha’s had won 87 per cent of their games. Semi-Finals Tonight ^ All winners of last night’s games Stamps will be sold at the booth
in front of the Sweet Shop. Sales f f assignments will be recorded on a large chart games All of these
games will be played on the Intramural Field and the public is invit-
Student Union Features New Stamp Drive The War Committee of the Student Union is starting a contest to encourage the purchase of War Stamps, which has been extremely poor since the first of the summer
semester.
there under the name of the organization to which the purchaser belongs. When buying stamps the place of residence should be given
since the contest
fraternities, sororities, cooperatives, and the men’s and women’s
residence halls.
Only stamps sold today until the end of the semester between 3 and 5 every week day will be counted. Health Service
Reports
ed to witness them. As usual thebe will be no admission charge for the'
betvTeen'ail sehedul^ to
start at 6:45.
Personnel Kotqg Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., Barberton, Ohio—Date to be announced later. Interested in August and ©e* cember Ch.E., M. B.
These companies do not plan to
Health Service announces that H. visit the campus; however, they hth B. Brewer entered the hospital on interested in students fob enjiployJune 18 and D. D. Henderer on June ment. ^
ice men.. gQ jyj j Kowitz, R. D. Evahs, J. L. National Radiator Co„ Iphns- « 1 # •% ■ Federman and D. D. Hendertf have town, Pennsylvania—Interest^ tft KlIV rtnnnQ discharged during the past Ch.E., M.K. Sign in Persq3«(eic58<# UU/ by Saturday, Juno 26. ‘ *iFdg^i
Pur^uS Exponent fRufsSdy,yune 24,I9% ^ ^
•life ‘ i'm
Sociologist Or What? . . . F. L McReynolds Leads Busy Life As Leader For 4-H, Farm Projects
By Margaret Herd
> F. L. McReynolds, an assistant in 4-H club work with a sel^gm used office in the 4-H Club Building on the agricultural campus is probably known by more students before
Civil Service Seeks Ration
Analysts
The Civil Service Commission is now seeking qualified business and industrial analysts for work in con-
Prof. Keller Reveals ^ft^r The Final Victory
Former Popularity With Dean's Office
Program
I
Ombra mai fu, from “Xerves” Handel
Danza, Danza, Fanciulla Gentile (“Dance, Si^eet Maid”) Durante
their arrival on campus than any M’Appari (“Like a Dream”) from Martha Plotow Positions of men who have been
jj drawn into the armed forces are
America May Dictate Peace Says Lt. Noss
By Dan Margolis
0.0 ..w. v-v...- +^4. • 11 -fu fi, n f A'recent letter received from Lt. Theodore K. Noss, USNR, nection with the extension df the L’! ww« former staff member of the University, declares that the Amer^
Prof. M. W. Keller of the University’s math department was a popular fellow when he was a college
rationing program in various com-
modity fields.
Persons desired to fill the critical
Women. The why’s and where-
fore’s of this peculiar attachment ican people will be faced after the war with the treipendous were brought out one day last week responsibility of negotiating the kind of peace that will not during a session of Engineering only t)e long lasting but sound economically. Math, RCA style. , , He states that the President of the United States can formu-
Just how the discussion wandered
dials Idtrthrdh-^tfolfoflH’rrl 0 Cease Thy Singing, Maiden Fair.l Rachmaninoff who have had experience in from“sines and tengentrand" things ^ recreation. Miranda Hageman business or industry as distributors gu^h a topic still has the Profes- which the people will consent ness and consideration of the high Mac’s recreational career began The Rose Enslaves the Nightingale Rimsky-Korsakoff manufacturers of such commo- ^yondering, but the results are and it will be they who can ranking officers of this yai'd, who
in college at Defiance, Ohio, where Serenade Carpenter
he worked with the boys in YMCA. HI
This resulted in his being awarded a Tteve (The Dream) from “Manon” Massenet state scholarship to the New York Recondita Armonia (Strange Harmony )from “Tosca” Puccini
social service state school. Upon graduation from here, Mac went back to be principal and coach in a
school near home.
Called Back To Alma Mater Here he did such a good job of organizing community entertainment, an outside hobby, that he was called back to his first alma mater to serve as Director of Public Relations for the Christian Church colleges—a field that covered all Christian Church colleges from the Atlantic to the Mississippi, and from Canada to the Mason-Dixon line. After four years’ service here, he went back to teaching and education as a county superintendent, from whence he was called to the
University in 1936.
When asked for his official title, Mac said he didn’t know what it was—in Washington he Was listed as a sociologist, but at the University he was filling a place commonly occupied by two men. His chief work is to help rui-al youth clubs in Indiana organize with their social programs. He also works with 4-H clubs. Farm Bureau organizations, and Home Economics societies. During the summer, Mac busies hims4lf at leading state conserva-
tion and 4-H club camps.
At the outbreak of the war, Mac saw another opening for his talent. Remembering his service in the last war and the need that he had seen for someone to teach many of the rural boys to dance and become more socially at ease, Mac undertook the job of organizing recrea-
tion at Camp Atterbury
INTERMISSION (Smoking is not permitted in the Hall of Music) IV Intermezzo, A Minor Brahms Nocturne, Op. 48, No. 1 Chopin Prelude, B flat minor Chopin Mr. Hill
V
Sombrere Chaminade Le Miroir (The Mirror) Ferrari Chanson Norvegienne (Norwegian Song) Foiirdrain VI A Ballynure Ballad (arr. Herbert Hughes) Old Irish Air Loch Lomond Old Scotish Air Mexican Serenade John Sacco Witness Negro Spiritual
dities as foods, textiles, metals, consumer goods, or industrial equip-
ment.
Need For Analyses Great Men are needed to make analysis
worth repeating.
Name Causes Trouble It seems that Keller’s first name had an important bearing on the situation. It happens to be Marion.
with regard to distribution and pro- The fact th^t Marion is a fairly 'duction; to analyse the needs for common name for a girl didn’t help
dictate to the world the terms
of the treaty.
A former staff member connected with the Speech Clinic at the University, Lt. Noss left to go
are not only ‘gentlemen by an act of Congress’, but also in every sense
of the word.”
Lt. Noss is now one of the assistant personnel officers in the Civilian Personnel Office of the Hawaii Navy
into the Navy in May, 1942^ and Yard, and carries the title of “Wei-
and the supply of critical materials, matters at all; it made them much transferred to Hawaii on May
consumer goods, and industrial worse,
commodities; and to work out, after Keller received letters off and on consulting with government agen- from the Dean of Women “telling
AlChE Movies PIA To Hold 'Joe' Show Prelude Dante Tomorrow To World War ln North Ballroom
By Sonia Swerdloff Last night in Fowler Hall, the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, presented a series of moving pictures describing the events that lead to war.
Program Winners To Receive Prizes Tomorrow evening in the North
Kallroom of the Union, P.I.A. will pn-esent its summer dance. For the
cies and business organizations, the balance between requirements and supply. Although the positions pay from $2,433 to $7,128 a year, few appointments will be made that draw pay above $5,228. Lists of qualifications specify no age limits and there will be no written examina-
tions.
Further information and application forms may be obtained at post offices. Civil Service Regional Offices and the Civil Service Commis-
sion in Washington, D. C.
ARMY WILL INTERVIEW
DIETETICS MAJORS
Major Wood of the Army Procurement Office will be in Lafayette today to interview women students interested and qualified for commissions in dietetics or physical
me to appear at such and such a function in my white dress.” “The funny part of it was,” he said, “the
17, 1943. The first weeks after his arrival were spent in orientation, getting acquainted with the Navy
Yard.
Interviews Civilians After that he was assigned to in-
ietters were always addressed to me terviewing civilians and attempting
at the fraternity house.” He has never been sure whether the Dean’^s seci’etai’y was just plain dumb or whether she had a good sense of humor, but the good-natured kidding provided by the occasions has provided him with a few'fond remembrances. Miller, Hockema To Receive Awards At SDK Dinner Sunday evening the Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity, will hold a banquet in the West Faculty Lounge o^ the Union
at 6.
At this time the annual Good
to solve their problems. His next task consisted of building up a procedure for the mainland recruitment of wives of civil service employees. Then, as further training, and to provide a variety of experience, Lt. Noss was assigned to the Shop Superintendent’s office in order that he might be in direct contact with the administration of the yard. Courtesy Impresses Him Speaking of his first year of service Lt. Noss says, “I am particularly impressed by the courteous-
RCA
(Continued from page 1) RCA Movies Shown Preceding Dr. Gilbreth’s talk, a
These pictures have been pro- Qf those attending, sport therapy. Commissions are now be- Teacher and Leather Medal awards, was shown to the group con-
Franklin, Indiana. Here, on one Tuesday night a month, Mac teaches the boys folk dancing, square dancing, and games, with fun and a change as the chief in-
centive.
Other USO groups are using Mac on their committees to establish a set-up similar to that at Camp Atterbury. At Atterbury the boys have formed their own orchestra and, instead of bringing town girls to the parties, Mac has succeeded in being able to bring rural girls in to entertain the boys. Seed Growers To Meet Here Two day training school sponsored by the Indiana Corn Growers Association for approximately 20 inspectors for their inspection service will be held tomorrow and Sat-
urday.
Duties of the inspectors including visiting a member farm at an unexpected time and inspecting the farmers hybrid seed corn, wheat, oats, and soybeans for field purity, freedom from weeds and objectionable diseases. Those seeds which meet the field and seed requirements are finally certified by the Association. Five hundred ceitified seed growers from the state will take advantage of the-meeting. The total value of the seed these growers will produce this year will range close to five hundred dollars, accoi'ding to Piof. P. E. Robbins. R. B. Stewart . . . Controller of the University is expected to return to We.st Lafayette tomorrow after having conferred with lepresentatives of west coa.st colleges and universities on the army training piogram. Stewart, who is chairman of a' joint army-navy board on contractual relations between the armed services and colleges and universities, flew to San Francisco last Monday. Delta Tau Delta
duced by the War department to be
shown to men in uniform.
Two Globes
It brought before us on the screen two globes of the world; one globe was white and represented our way of life, the free way; the other globe was black, a world of slavery and despair. Both worlds near were then presented us, showing the
way of life in the democracies and in the totalitarian countries of Ger-
many, Italy, and Japan.
In our country children played, drew and painted for enjoyment, went to school to learn to think for themselves. But in the slave countries it was different, children from five to fourteen were put into uniform and taught to march, salute, fight, and obey the slightest com,mand of their leader for he is God. Church Subordination } These movies then proceeded Ito demonstrate the methods of s o b-
siiirts and no coats will be in order. Maury Mahn will provide the liiythm for this “Joe” dance which will commence at 8:30 and terminjate at 11:30. Feature Quiz Programs Intermittently throughout the (Svening, quiz programs will be con(iucted. Upon entering the ballroom, each couple will receive a number. 'Clontestsants for the quiz programs
mg granted to women trained in
those two fields.
Anyone interested should telephone Lt. Galloway of the local recruiting office this morning.
E. E. Staff
. . . members. Professors D. D. Ewing, L. E. Beck, C. W. Caldwell, G. V. Mueller, and J. H. Karr have
B/ill be chosen by the drawing of returned from Chicago where they ffhese'numbers. attended the annual convention of Since the contestants will parti- the Society for the Promotion of
cipate in couples, they will be required to answer questions in unison. Each participant will be awarded a prize; and the two final remaining couples, afte rtwo rounds of eliminations will compete for
first and second prize.
Questions will fall into the category of “brain teasers”, being completely general in nature, and ranging over the entire scale of what-
Engineering Education held at Drake Hotel. The keynote of the convention was the discussion of war-time training of engineering
students.
Mixed Recreation . . . will be held in the Women’s
won this year by Prof. W. T. Miller of the Mechanical Engineering School and Pi of. Frank C. Hockema, Assistant to the Pi'esident, will be awarded. Presentations will be made following the dinner. The featured note of the program will be a round table discussion by many faculty members attending on the “Principles of Good Teach-
ing”.
Lf-. Frank Mefzger Killed In Actioei
According to the statement received by Mr. Metzger of Indianapolis, his son, Lt. Frank A. Metzger, Jr., was killed in action in the European theatre of war. Lt. Metzger left the University to enlist one month after Pearl Harbor and served as a navigator on -A flying fortress. He is survived by his par-
Notices
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Keys are here. Call at 116 University after 7 p. m. —GOFP Al! Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 Sheetz St.
—GLUCK
All Students: ivfo boys are needed to help in the Home Ec Cafeteria during noon hour. Call Miss Gamble at 2941. —GAMBLE Basic Military Students: All basic students are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin Board in the Armory for turning in wool trousers and caps.
—BROWN
Tau Beta Phi: Business meeting Thursday, June 24, in room 307 of the Union ftt 7 :15 p. m. to discuss pledging so all members be there. Shingles for spring class here. Be sure to get yoUrs at meeting. ^ —SEDDON All PEM 12 Swimming Tutors; Meet in room 107 in the Fieldhouse Thursday, June 24, at 5 p. m. Important. If unable to be present see me. —ALLEJ4 Science Seniors, Graduating August, *43: Please call at Dean Ender^’s office at earliest convenience to receive information regarding graduation. —ENDERS GE 11, 12 Make-ups: Conditional make-up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday aftertioon, July 10, Make arrangements in room 202, Golden Shops.
—OWEN
Catalyst Club: Actives and pledges meet at Chemistry building Saturday, June 26, at 2 p. m. Pledges bring full fox and fees.
—BADGER
Classified
Ads
gym from 7:30 to 10 Friday night, ents, two brothers, one of whom is
r,TrHr,Q+:r,n- +-^0 4-4 11 i- J 4. u ui usual fomis of entertainment also a lieutenant in the Air Corps, oidmating the church to the stite. ever the college student probably will be provided. and two sisters
In Japan the Emperor was regai c ed shouldn’t know but probably does. — as a god, therefore, no change i ;as Admission to the dafice will be ^ needed in that direction. free to all P.I.A. members upon the But in Germany the situatioa was presentation of their membership very different; and it was only cards. Bids for non-members can through a bloody and tort.c rous be had at the door for $1.10.
process that the churches wer e subordinated and Hitler emergy d as god of the German people, j Japan Takes First Step / Now all was in readiness >and the time for action had arrived.. In each country the people were b*3coming restless and demanded thjf Utopia
cerning RCA manufacturing processes. This feature of the evening’s entertainment was provided by the two men from the Indianapolis plant. The movie machine which they used will be left in South Hall until the end of the training period afid will be available for other RCA movies and for shop and classroom work. Before the group adjourned, cartoons and other shorts were
shown, while the operator explained 9770' Main,
to the girls interested in it, how the
machine was run.
Diploma Fees For ROTC Student's Students in the second year Advanced R.O.T.C. who finish their class work on June 29 and are candidates for degrees at the end of the Slimmer Term are advised to pay their diploma fees before leaving. This fee ($5.00) must be paid before August 10. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches^ guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loao
Office, 407 Columbia.
Persbns in any of the Naval “V'* programs interested in forming a dance band call
George Saurwein, 5754.
L#ostHning.
June IJ
•‘‘Cravanetto” trench coat with tan Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday, , 1943. Call Myron Dickey, phoi?e
Lost—Gold ring with maroon stone surmounted by Tau Kappa Epsilon crest. Re-
ward. Aluback, phone 7754.
Lost—Log Log Duplex Vector slide rule. Name R. J, Olson. Phone 8413, room 810.
Lost—Bulova wrist watch. Leather wrist band broken. Reward. Kenneth Gertbch.
5764.
Columbian Park io Hold Concert Season tickets for the “Under
that they had been promis/ ‘d. Japan Stars” concerts to be held at
RENT?
took the first step in 1931. when she marched into Manchuria. The tide of war had begun. With the taking of 'Manchuria, Japan accomplished the first step in her New Far East. Cha na, the second necessaiy conqur- jt, however, proved a tougher nut •’to crack, and under the inspired 3 eadership of General Chiang Kai- S hek they still fight on. ,
Scene Shiits
A shift in scene i b occured and we were returned, to Europe to watch Mussolini and his black shirts, salute the 'primitive people of Ethiopia. Mu 3 jo’s dream of a new Roman Em p ire had begun to take shape. y Finally Herr Hitler made his gieat play for f world power. First the soltening u p process was conducted in the 'j emocratic countries, then the marc J , into the Rhineland, Austria, Czek r Slovakia, and Poland, were picture' J in detail. In order to lulfill the pi' j'l.s of GCO politics central Europe >nad to be conquered. Two More 'f onight These Wti ivies vividly portrayed
all these c^i/ents which lead to our
announces the pledging of the .entry into 'the conflict. They proved
following Ken Blodgett, Al Collart, Jack Conners, Russ Elfuin, Ray Fara, Don Gieger, Vjc Gustavson, Jack Hayward, Bob Kinney, Lloyd Knight, Jack Kuhlman, Don Kurzynski, Dick Lai .son, John Lockwood, Bill Metsker, Sherman Oates, Bob Payne, Art Pethyhridge, Bob Ramey, Al Reinking, Jack Shiftman, Jack Stevens, and Bill Wilson.
that it wo uld have been impossible foi' us to remain unmolested in a world of 'slavery. Tonigl t at 7:30 the final series of pictures, will be presented in Fowler Hall, “'ruivide and Conquer” and “The J Jattle of Briton” will be showri.
I
Try An Exponent Classified!*
Columbian park stadium will be on sale until tomorrow, June 25. This pfogram, sponsored by the Columbian Park Recreation Center with Al Stewai't as chairman of the series, is scheduled to open July 13 with concert by the famous Southernaires and Muriel Rahn, colored
soprano.
On July 20, the NBC-WIRE artists will be here. The WLS Circus and White Horse troupe will perform on July 27 and Donald Dickinson, adio baritone August 3. Next to the last program of the series will be the Hans Lange Little Symphony of Chicago, August 10. A popular Dance Band will close the summer concerts August 16. Tickets may bo obtained from Decker Bros, or from Mrs. Laura Arnold, ticket chairman at ^11 .Wallace Building. I
\
Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of William Einbinder, Indianapolis, and Norman Zift'ri/i, Moline, Illinois. The following officers have been elected by the fraternity: Prior, Robin Padorr; Exchequer, Paul Smithson; Recorder, Harold IgdalX off; Historian, Ted Kline; Assistant Exchequer, Ephraim Litterman; Alumni Record'd', Richard M^olff; Pledge Counsellor, Ephriam Litterman; House Manager, Richard Preskill; Athletic Manager, Richard Wolff; and Correspondent, James Jacobs.
ROOMS
The Easiest
To Reach
Purdue Students
IS A CLASSIFIED
in PURDUE
EXPONENT