■M- C, ’ ‘ ' '
i (
im WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today and tomorrow with continued mild temperature.
Purdue Exponent
Z-18S
VoL 50 Nd. 56 mUBSDAY Nmmber 17,1966 Lofckyelte# fadkcag
Half Of Union FnrmAl McCoy's Orchestta Tickets Sold; Going Fast
tTOOTuraOiitloSee
75 Of University's Best Animals Parade Over 1200 students, alumni and faculty turned out last night to see the best livestock the University has to offer. A majority of the animals shown will be exhibited at the International Livestock Exposition to be held in Chicago November 27 to December 3. Approximately 75 head of livestock were paraded last night, although only about 65 head will be taken to Chicago. Because the horses are not up to standard, they will not be taken to the International. The swine show this year is expected to be as good as any previous years. Only nine steers will -be taken to Chicago this year as compared with the usual 12 to 15. Some outstanding individuals are expected to keep the sheep show up to standard. “We do not keep the animals on the farm only for show, but the principal reason is for breeding and class room purposes,” stated Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department last night. “All of the stock we show is raised and fed on the Purdue farms.” General chairman of the program was Prof. King, and he introduced the respective department heads. J. T. Frost told about sheep; Prof. C. F. Gobble told about steers; Prof. W. W. Smith about swine; and Prof. R. B. Cooley about horses.
Receive Preference
Two houndred of the total of 450 tickets for the Union formal were sold during the first hour and a quarter, after they went on sale yesterday. Juniors and seniors may continue their purchase of ball tickets tonight between 4 and 6:16 in the Union foyer. Tickets are also open for sale to faculty members and graduate students. Sophomores and freshmen will have an opportunity to" purchase the remaining tickets tomorrow until the entire 460 are sold. Predicts Early Sellout Predicting an early sellout, Jim Williamson, chairman of the committee in charge of ticket sales, advised all those wishing to attend to get their tickets early. He said that the dance promises to be one of the “unmissables” of the year. One of the big attractions at the dance will be Clyde McCoy and his famous “sugar blues” orchestra, assisted by the three Bennett sisters, now playing at the Trianon in Chicago. Tickets sell at $1.76. Purdue Mothers Invited To Dinner Mothers attending the game Satffrday afternoon are invited to attend a Mothers’ dinner in the faculty lounge of the Union Saturday at 6 p. m. While the Dads are being entertained in the fraternity houses; the mothers may then have an opportunity to talk with their friends.
Pep Rally Will Form On Stuart Field Tomorrow
... featuring the Behnett Sisters, will preside over the Union’s anniversary formal dance on Friday, November 25. Clyde McCoy, of “Sugar Blues” fame and the three Bennett sisters, popular vocalists, will come directly from the Trianon in Chicago, where they are now filling an engagement.
Today Ends Active 2-Day Co-ed Culture Conference
Varsity Debate Teams To Open League Series With Preparedness Discussion
Michigan State University will meet Purdue tonight at 8, in opening the first series of the Western Intex’collegiate League debates in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Dean Knapp, officiating as chairman, will introduce the two debate teams to each other and the audience. “Resolved That the United States Should Establish An Alliance With Great Britain” is the question to be debated with Purdue taking the affirmative side. Joe Yamamoto and Joe Rittenhouse will represent Purdue. Judging the debate will be Prof. C. C. Cunningham, of Northw'estem school of speech. Time limits for the debaters are 12 minutes for constructive speech and 6 minutes for rebuttal. Purdue’s traveling team, Don Paarlberg'^and Maurice Karnowsky, will meet Northwestern debaters at
the same time at Evanston, 111. There the negative side will be upheld by the Purdue team. Don and Maurice will meet the University of Illinois at Urbanan on Friday afternoon. L. Winch will accompany the team acting as coach. Mary Anderson, Hurl In Fall, Improves Slightly Latest report from St. Elizabeth Hospital indicate that Mary Anderson, HE ’41, is slightly better and has partially regained consciousness. Miss Anderson is suffering from a fractured skull received in a fall from a horse Sunday. Although she is conscious at times, she is kept constantly under the influence of opium. Indications point toward her recovery, although her condition is still serious.
Co-eds May Cut Class Today To Hear Final Lecturers Co-eds attending the Contemporary Culture Conference today will be given attendance cards, which will be punched at all sessions. Students wishing to attend this conference are excused from classes by the University. Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, scheduled to speak on the Seminars on Art program today, will be unable to fulfill her lecture engagement because of an impending Senate hearing. Emmett Lavery will replace her as speaker. Marriage and youth problems will be discussed by Dr. Flora Thurston at 9 o’clock this morning in the Union ballroom. At 10:30 Mrs. ^C. C. Furnas will talk on “The Nation’s Food, Its Social Aspects” which will be followed by a talk on “Interdependent Living” by her husband, Dr. C. C. Furnas. Lavery To Speak Emmett Lavery, head of the play production department of the National Service Bureau, Washington, D. C., will replace Mrs. Hallie Flanagan in the Seminars on the Art program at 1 p. m. today in the (Continued on page 4)
Agar Addresses 5(M) At Opening Of WSGA Culture Conference “The American people must face the question of where the democracy is headed and have confidence in their ability to answer the question correctly,” said Herbert Agar last night before 500 students and faculty members at the opening meeting of the WSGA Conference on Contemporary Culture. The conference was opened by Betty Elstun, chairman in charge of all arrangements, who introduced F. C. Hockema who gave guests the University welcome. Dean Straton who introduced visiting deans of women and guests, and Mary Alice Learning, president of WSGA, who read a cablegram from President Elliott and a telegram from Dr. Gilbreth. In his address Agar stressed the necessity of Americans to agree on and then work to that end. The main trouble in Europe and Asia, he said, is that they cannot agree on the end they wish to reach. The American people are too self satisfied on the whole and fail to take enough interest in bad conditions at home.
To Begin With Torchlight Funeral March From Union A torchlight funeral march from the Union to Stuart Field to the tune of a woeful strain from the Purdue band will prelude the gala pep session tomorrow night. Gathering in the Village promptly at 7 tomorrow evening, the band will head the march starting toward Stuart Field. On coming past the Union, Reamer and Gimlet Club members will step into the lead of the parade, carrying in their midst the deceased Miss Indiana. Pallbearers will be flanked on either side by Reamers and Gimlets bearing the flaming torches. Falling in behind the band will be four lines of students performing a snake dance. Thus the parade will proceed to Stuart Field. I To Burn Corpse Once on the field. Miss Indiana’s 6orpse will be placed upon the unlighted bonfire. Following due ceremonies, properly pronouncing final ritual over Miss Indiana’s dead body the fire will be ignited, carrying Miss Indiana skyward in a belch of flame and smoke. The Reamer Club will give away an autographed football at the pep session, as is its annual custom. The ball will be signed by all-members of the Boilermaker team, and also the coaching staff. A drawing will determine the winner. Also on the pep session program will be an introduction of the newly chosen co-ed cheer leaders, said head cheer leader Stubby Meier last night.
Offensive Attadi Stressed In Drills For Indiana Game
Maybe Purdue’s 1938 grid machine doesn’t recognize the signal for “stop,” because two elevens wearing the Crimson colored type of uniform of Indiana failed to halt the advance of a high spirited group of Gold and Black first stringers last night at practice. Time after time, the feet of Brock DeWitte, Krause, Hennis, Nesbitt, and a host of other Purdue backs and ends thundered across a goal line under the protection of the best frosh eleven that Elmer Burnham could muster and a team from the Riverters “B” squad. Receives Impetus With the strains of “The Old Oaken Bucket” floating across the practice field from the Stadium, where the Purdue band prepares daily for their “battle” with the lU band, the Gold and Black grid club tossed long and short passes, swept the ends, and drove behind the powerful Purdue line for touchdown after touchdown. Every player taking part in yesterday’s practice session gave evidence of tossing a wrench into the McMillin machine that has pulled many magic rabbits from pigskins when the Hoosiers were imderdogs. The entire Gold and Black squad is in perfect physical condition with the exception of Carl Verplank, r^ular guard, who has been hors de combat for practice sessions since the Fordham contest.
Plane Bearing Miss Indiana's Remains Forced Down In Wilds Because Of Gloom
125 Attend Annual Fellowship Banquel Approximatelj^ 126 students heard Clarence Elliott, student secretary for the Indianapolis YMCA and president of the Student Senate, speak on “World Fellowship” at a fellowship banquet held in the Lafayette Christian Church last night. Sponsored by the Purdue Christian Foundation, the dinner was planned for all students from foreign lands and members of the Foundation. Elliott has been active in student affairs and youth movements for a number of years. Last summer he toured France, England, and Czechoslovakia attending meetings of the various youth organizations.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 16 (Special)—Miss Indiana lay unhonored and unsung in a small mortuary here today awaiting a magnificent coffin. An airplane started for Lafayette from Bloomington late last night, but lU student gloom around Bloomington extended all over central Indiana, and low ceiling caused the plane to ground here. Meanwhile, Miss Indiana will be placed in a fitting coffiin. She will be sent to Lafayette tonight, will lay in a flower-bedecked bier in the Purdue Union Building lobby tomorrow morning. ^iday night her fast-rotting form will be fed to the flames at Purdue’s gigantic pep session. Carl Swan, Gimlet president, urges all fraternities, sororities and index>endent houses to bring carded floral pieces to decorate Miss Indiana’s final resting place.
Activities Bureau Outlines Eight Point Project Program
Editor’s Note: The Purdue Activity Bureau, newest of campus activity grroups, still remains a question mark in the minds of many students. Aims of the Bureau, present program, creation, and organization as presented in this article may give students a clearer understanding of the Bureau and
its work.
“Activity charts for 1938-39 will go to press Monday night,” said Purdue Activity Bureau Director Leon Jacobson in the Bureau’s Union office yesterday afternoon. The Activity Bureau is an activity in itself, and is the newest addition to the University’s family of student conducted activities. Organized just this fall, the Bureau serves as a clearing house for all other campus activities, aiding the freshmen and sophomores to decide in just what work they are most interested. To explain present work, Jacobson outlined the following Bureau projects: 1. Publishing a chart for all students explaining about 110 activity groups.
2. Making a motion picture to show the various activities at work. This film will be shown to freshmen students at Orientation next year, will be sent to alumni groups, and will be screened at various high schools this spring. 3. Interviewing all freshmen male studel^. 700 of the 1,800 registered have already been contacted. 4. Publishing an activity book which will include subjects of leadership, merijs, organization, finance, and salesmanship. 6. Directing a Leadership School for junior and senior activity groups. In this school outstanding speakers talk on important phases of personnel problems. 6. Making a general suiwey of all campus activities. 7. Preparing a permanent record covering the progress of students in activities. 8. Sponsoring an educational program.
Last year the Activities Bureau started under the supervision of the Student Union, headed by Ward Stallings and Jacobson. Bureau work, however, proved too extensive to keep it merely a side activity of the Union. This summer Jacobson and R. P. Manion, former Exponent editor, laid plans to establish the Bureau as an organization in itself. Manion and Jacobson drew up a constitution, called a meeting of all campus activity heads on October 3. This forming committee represented 2,000 activity students in the WSGA, Union, Exponent, Debris, musical and dramatic organizations, PIA and Senate. They talked over the feasibility of the plan, elected Jacobson director, and came out of the meeting giving the Bureau their full support. Job-Seekers Petition Job-seekers took out petitions.for
positions and after interviews the committee elected Prances Eastburn senior co-ed secretary; Georgeana Baker and Althea Jorgeson as junior co-ed secretaries; elected junior managers are G. W. Breuer, Carl Lutz, and Don Smith. The constitution was unanimously ratified by the Student Senate on October 4. It will come up for University ratification at the -Executive Committee meeting Monday night. Activities Bureau workers now number 65 sophomores, aside from the seven upperclassmen officers. These sophomores are divided into five work committees under the junior oflicers. Activity Record The Bureau plans to complete its activity record for all students. This file system will be similar to that now used by the engineering personnel office, and will be available for open inspection. Honoraries may use
the file in selecting candidates for pledging. P. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, says of the Activity Chart: “Extracurricular activities aid the student to become a wellbalanced person. Only one thing is worse than non-participation—over participation. This chart will guide the student in choosing the activities which represent his special interests and aptitudes. “By concentrating on those, he will be able to make a real contribution to them, and will derive the greatest benefit to himself.” Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel, points out “The importance of student activities is emphasized by the fact that employers of seniors are requesting more than previously, information about the activities in which the student has participated. “Although they ask about scholarship first, participation in extra-
curricular activities is of growing importance and has a correlation with cooperative living and success after graduation. , Bureau Workers Say: “The chance to develop leadership in underclassmen as '(Xrell as myself is the biggest asset to be gained from working in the Bureau.” . . . Althea Jorgeson. “I think that the Activities Bureau will prove helpful to the freshmen on the campus, especially in helping to pick an activity that is best suited for them.”... BiU Rehm. “There is a definite need for some correlating activity as the Bureau in order to stop shifting of freshmen from one activity to another.” . ., Caroline Shaw. “Since the Activities Bureau is serving all campus activities, it offers a cross-section of stu<hmt activities which just can’t be beat for interesting and educational personnel work.” ... Don Smith..J W ¥ B' iS'-
JittBlhtAjBA
Thumdoy. November 17,1938
,.. the Indiana Daily Student^ Indiana Univerftity is attempting to follow Pui*due’s footsteps in building up school spirit. We read in Tuesday’s paper “ .. . great enthusiasm exists on the Purdue campus over the game next Saturday. Without doubt, every Boilennaker fan hi^ become a proponent of school spirit.” We like to read things like that because we think that Purdue has an unusual spirit, one that has grown tremendously in the last few years., This year’s football team, having already piled up an imposing record, naturally inspires a student body to whole-hearted support. The catch to the whole thing is that we really don’t believe that Indiana students are nearly so apathetical as the Daily Student would have us believe. Head Coach Mai Elward summed up the situation Monday night when he told how Indiana cares little or nothing about other games but points solely for Purdue. “Indiana lives to beat Purdue,” said Mai, “If they do, their season is successful, no matter how many other games they have lost!” Perhaps that is not strictly true. It may be that Indiana is so much more interested in beating Purdue than any other team, that their other games seem unimportant by comparison. We do know this, however: Indiana will be here in all its glory Saturday and Purdue students will have to go some to keep up with lU pep and enthusiasm. Friday’s pep session will provide opportunity to show these lU students just how niuch spirit the Boilermakers have. Many Indiana eds and co-eds will be watching that rally with critical eyes. We can throw them a good scare before the game by making it as impressive as possible. Today we’re again printing the words to “The Honor of Old Purdue.” Dress rehearsal of the song will be Friday night at the pep session. In the meantime there is plenty of time for fraternities and other groups to learn the words. Then hail, all hail, to Old Purdue The pride of all the west We’ll sing out the story, and we’ll tell out the glory Of the school we love the best. • Then hail, all hail, to Old Purdue Our Alma Mater true , For we’ll always standi ev’ry heart and hand For the honor of Old Purdue.
the Purdue
Entered as second class inatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under th^ act of Confirress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jann* ary 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, - mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
...H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. g RRPRBSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ’ Boston ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Willsey Thursday, November 17, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uciily
Agar On Americanism Last night 500 students and faculty members heard tall, lanky, deep-voiced Herbert Agar discuss how we may maintain Americanism and learned what he considers the true meaning of democracy and the intangible ideals which it represents. Agar’s talk was the beginning of a series of other and equally thought-provoking group meetings of the Conference on Contemporary Culture scheduled for today. He asked us to stop and thinks—how seldom to we bother in the hurry of academic work to do this. Those who missed the meeting missed without doubt one of the most inspirational meetings of the year. Agar, the economist and historian, asked the audience to look about at home for problems to solve before worrying about those of our neighbors and how they try to solve them. To those who missed last night’s meeting we say don’t let it happen again. There are eight more sessions. Attend them. F. S. McK.
By Betty Wickard “Five of a Kind,” feature at the Lafayette today through Saturday, reveals the Dionne quintuplets as full fledged entertainers^—singing, dancing, making music and fun. Claire Trevor and Cesar Romero are cast as rival reporters who are both interested in bringing the quints to New York. —C-C— J. Carrol Naish, favorite film actor and menace, as the head of the illegal transportation racket, is crushed by newcomer Robert Pres^ ton in “Illegal Traffic,” to he shown today and tomorrow at the Mars. Mary Carlisle is the girl. The army has been glorified, the navy has been filmed, and now it's Virginia Military Institute’s “Brother Rat,” starring Wayne Morris at the Mars starting Saturday, November 19. Priscilla Lane is the sweetheart of the academy and participates in exciting escapades in the picture. —C-C— Jack Holt as a fighting D. A.
stamps out the rackets in “Crime Takes a Holiday,” which will take over the screen of the Luna today through Saturday. Cattle shortages start the Three Mesquiteers, Bob Livingston, Ray Corrigan, and Max Terhune on a man-hunt in “Heart of the Rockies,” which will complete the bill. —C-C— “Smashing the Rackets,” screen fare at the New Main today through Saturday, features Chester Morris as the G-man and Bruce Cabot as a crime. racketeer. Frances Mercer is cast as Morris’s socialite sweetheart. “The Lady in the Morgue,” a mystery thriller, is the other half of the double feature. —C-C— Arc patrons will see “Law of the Underworld,” a detective story starring Chester Morris, November 17 to 19. Another chapter in “Zorro Rides Again” will complete the show. Kappa Sigma... . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of John Howell McAfee, of Chicago, 111., and Herman Franklin Timperman, of New Albany.
Baker Will Present Solo In Music Room Phyllis Baker, 16-year-old violinist, will be featured on the Sunday afternoon program in the Union music room November 20 at 4. This progi'am is one of a series sponsored by the Union-
ABOUT THIS TIME... . . . every year the campus is being swamped With various activities. Some of these being Prom, Gala Week, Black and Tan, the Water Carnival, etc. .
THE PROM COMMITTEE ... . . . will promise everything from a “good” (?) Prom band to a pension to every voter. The Black and Tan offers the same thing every year—LEGS, which very effectively get the suckers. The Water Carnival is offering a co-ed swim race between sororities—it seems that it would be more logical to have an ed swim race to determine the prexy of the fish club.
WE UNDERSTAND THAT ... . . . Miss Indiana is dead and will be mourned in the Union Building this week as per usual. Let’s hope that what ever the poor gal died of is not contagious.
BENNY BURNS . . , ... of the Pi.KA house, was going over great with the high school students down state this week. It seems that the Glee Club went on a trip down state and during the course of events one of the high school kids asked how Purdue ever beat Ohio State.
THE POOR MISDIRECTED ... . . . was told to ask BURNS because he was the guy that made all of those ong runs. As a result, BENNY spent the rest of the day signing LOU BROCK’S name.
JOKE ... Co-ed—“And will you never stop loving me ?” Ed—“Well, I’ve got an eight o’clock tomorrow.” We are sure that’s a joke because it was sent in and titled “joke.” Be polite and laugh.
A CERTAIN KAPPA ... . . . Democrat that goes by the
Debris Picture Sittings
Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room at times shown below.
Appear promptly! Schedule must be maintained.
ThnrsdaY, NoTcmber 17 6:46—Alpha Laihbda Delta 6:60—Eta Kappa Nu 7:00—AIEE 7:06—Phi Lambda Upsilon 7:16—Catalyst 7:20—AIChE. 7:80—AIChE. 7 :86—Exponent Edit. 7 :45—Exponent, Bus. 7:60—Pi Tau Sienna 8:00—Debris Edit. 8:06—Debris, Business 8:16—Debris Photo Staff 8:20—Union Workers 8:80—Union Workers. 8:36—-Virginia C. Meredith Club 8:46—A,I.M.E. 8:60—Kappa Delta Pi ■ 9:00—Omicron Nu 9:06—Exponent, Co-eds
HE SHIS SAFETY TO KILLERS!
— PLUS — 3 STOOGES COMEDY
TODAY-FRIDAY
THEY'RE REAL ENTERTAINERS NOW! Singing, Dancing, Making Music and Fun . . . Their Third and Best Feature Picture . . . !
TODAY.FRI.-SAT. MMVBTU
“I’m a little too lean to get a good spqt but you know how hard it is to put on a hundred pounds when‘you’re broke!”
name of BETTY WICKARD has stopped speaking to the Republicans in the campus. Naturally this is the Republicans loss, (?) but you are not being very democratic BETTY. '
CIGARS ... ... to the tune of nearly 160 were in order at Cary Hall Northwest last night as rumors, of the pin pushing episode of Charles Dixon, president, leaked out at the dinner table. It was said to have occurred over the past week-end, but Wilma Eviston, Alpha Chi, and the lucky girl had dinner at the hall last night without Dixon. My, my, fighting so soon.
FAMOUS LAST LINES .. . . . . It doesn’t take a magician to appreciate a neat little trick.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
ARC
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.
AND
'The Man HelbEdqes, — ALSO — “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
CRiSTER MDRIIIS MANCIS MiRCU ilTA JOHNSON •lUCICASOT A First Kun Movie Quiz Picture
a#
Plus
The Greatest of the Crime Club Series
luma TODAY-FRI.-SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
A HOLIDAY
PLUS —
3 MESQUITEERS in - HEART OF THE ROCKIES
ALL SEATS 20c TILL 6:00 AFTER 6:00 I0e-20c-25c
Prof. Davis Will Address Entomologists' Association Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the department of entomology, left yesterday for Baltimore, Md., where he is scheduled to speak before the eastern branch meeting of the American Association of Economic Entomologists, of which he is president.'( y ^ ^ f ( > \ ^ ‘•’'^^ f ’ ^ ^
thuTsdoy, l^ovembw 17.1938
IHE POBDTJE
EXPONENT
Indiana Works On Defense, Derives Game Conclusions
Hoosiers Develop Maneuvers To Halt Boilermakers In Coming Grid Battle Defensive maneuvers designed to check the Boilermaker juggernaut formed the diet for the Indiana football squad this week as Coach Bo McMillin applied pressure to several sophomore hopefuls who have received defensive attention recently.
Heartened by the offensive show-
Indiana Starters
ing against Iowa, the Hoosier gridmen are determined to down the Riveters forward wall and regain the Old Oaken Bucket. The IndiI ana squad is bolstered by their victory over the Hawkeyes and by the consistently good ball carrying of Sophomore Ray Dumke, who started ^ his first ball game against the Wis-
consin Badgers.
j( Much of the burden of defense
will fall on Capt. Paul Graham, who is the Crimson’s quarterback. He will back up the line with Bob “Spanky” Haak, tackle, who has stood out in every game played this fall. Handling the center position for the Hoosiers will be Russ Sloss. Also member of the Indiana forward wall will be tackle Stevens, who has paved the way for long Hoosier gains.
For Your Sweet Tooth When you crave sweets, try our delicious cakes baked fresh every day for those who want the best. Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
( t
Bill Stevens, End
Russell Sloss, Center
We carry a stock of Dr. Grabow Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.50. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
wilf A
nF<;iRNFn lY 1 PHYSICIAN FQH * lET.TEB. SMOKE
DrGRABOW
A LINKMAN PRODUCT
aiNUtNE BRUR lOWl
Pipe smokers new and old, will appreciate the difference Pre-Smoking WTEMOCKmG KAtURt mokes from the very first puff I
AIXIGATOR
d
We carry a| complete line of all models in Alligator Coats $7.50 500 MAIN ST. CLOThES SHOP INC.
Cream, Crimson Figured As Underdogs; Boasts Of Season's Pass Offense Record Planning to tarnish the Boilermakers’ armor in Saturday’s annual football classic, Coach Bo McMillin and his staff recently arrived at several different conclusions that the downstaters will come through with a victory over the Riveters.
Figures, facts and findings that
Riveters Will Play Host To Big Ten Cross Country Meet Purdue’s cross-country squad will serve as host to five of the strongest distance teams in the Big Ten Friday afternoon at 3 The meet Was originally scheduled for Saturday morning; but, at the request of the various coaches, the date has been moved up a day tj) allow the runners an extra day of lest before the National Intel collegiate meet next Monday. The SIX teams now entered in the race are composed of such stars as Trutt (Indiana), Whittaker (Ohio State), Mehl (Wisconsin), and Rasmussen (Minnesota). The Purdue hopefuls, led by Captain Bodeau, include Knapp, Reeves, Marozick, Fatout, Gaulke, and White. Although the Indiana squad rules as heavy favorites, the Boilermaker squad is in excellent condition, and are expected to finish with a good share of the winnings.
Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL —Today—
FieW
8— Cary Hall 9 vs Ward 6
9— Triangle vs
Official Evers
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Smithson
10— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Tau Omega McGrath 11— Cary Hall 10 vs Ward 8 Luce 12— Delta Chi vs Phi Gamma Delta Berry
Sigma Delta Psi... . . . athletic honorary, will hold tryouts today in Ross-Ade Stadium at four o’clock, according to M A. Keller, manager of the fraternity.
were drawn up by the Bloomington team, which has everything to win and practically nothing to lose, reveal several angles to the outcome of Saturday’s game. Statistics, released by the American Football Bureau of Seattle, Wash., and boasted of by the Hoosier lads, show that Indiana has a hypothetical chance of winning the game with their passing offense, which is the best in the Middle West. Good Passing Record Out of seven games played during the current season, the Hoosiers have gained 640 yards via the aerial route to lead the section. Their percentage of completed passes is .428. Another feather in Indiana’s hat is that the downstaters have clinched post number seven in the nation’s passing department. In previous contests between the two schools, the so-called imderdog upset dopesters by turning the tables and winning the annual classic In 1924 the Boilermakers, considered the loseis, mopped up with the Hoosieis in a 24-14 triumph Purdue Comes Through For three consecutive years, Purdue, slated as the winnei, did come through and capture three games. The following year, the Indiana squad, underdogs, turned the tables and laid the locals low by a score of
7-6.
Not until 1934 did the underdog “jinx” again make its appearance. The Crimson squad pounced on the Riveters to win, 17-7. Continuing their “coming-back” recoid, Indiana triumphed again to win in 1935,
7-0.
Last year’s tilt was similar to previous occasions as the Purdue squad licked a highly favored Hoosier team by a score of 13-7. Indiana Should Win Common sense reasons that the Indiana group is definitely the underdog in Saturday’s tilt, according to the current season’s record. Therefore, the Crimson outfit is forecasted to tip Purdue by a substantial margin.
Truckin' and Susy-q-in' t to the best of music We have the latest and best dance recordings with the latest and best of dance bands.
My Reverie Paul Whiteman Decca — 2075
Heart and Soul Eddie Duchin Brunswick — 8238
Begin the Beginning Henry Basse Decca — 2107
When I Go a Dreamin’ Paul Whiteman Decca — 2076
Two Sleepy People Kaye Kyser Brunswick — 8244
Change Partners Jimmy Dorsey Decca — 2002
Monday Morning Kaye Kyser Brunswick — 8234
The Blues
Art skeew Vocalion
4401
McLEAN MUSIC CO
514 Main
PhoMe 7917ItI
i
•s
I
1 . I
1
R§i9iS1JJ1
^tocoL ueU,
THE PUBDTIE EXPONENT
OtaluttS.
Thursday, November 17, 1938
Military Softball Tonmamont: Championship game today, November 17, 7 p m at the Fieldhoube C-2 (Cadet Lt Golden) vs E-2 (Cadet Captain Brumfield) Officials, Cadet Lt Col Forknei and Cadet Captain -BECKLEY Scrivener- Meeting Sunday November 20, at 7 30 p m at 202 Waldron street Bring manuscripts guests coming — lUSTIN Purdue Fbmg Club Business meeting in room 2 of the Union at 4 30 p m Thursday, Noi ember 17 Prof K D Wood will not be able to addiess the club as planned CHEVEDDEN WAA Hockey Today, November 17, at 4 30 p m -eniors \s frosh A Since this Is the last interclass game all members of these teams are uiged to be present, —SHAbFER
Debris Salesmen: Pictures w ill be taken in the tower room of the Union at 8 p m on TTiursday, November 17 —EDWARDS Christian Fellowship Hour Meeting in room B of Union tonight No\ ember 17 at 7 30 p m Reverend Ainslie will talk on the question Are Piesent Day Conditions of the Woild Improving" All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK
Bowling The following teams will bowl tonight Kov^mber 17 "pm Triangle vs Kappa Epsilon, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Nu 9pm Phi Sigma Kappa vs Delta Upsilon —WILLIAMSON
Purdue Engineer The following men report to Squires in the Engineer office at 4 p m today, November 17 Newrman, Adams Ely Harper Johnson, Kinnel Lantz Lawler Leckie Martinek Mossberg Hawkins and Worthington —HARRIS
Union Sophomores My committee please meet in the workshop Thursday November 17 at 4 p m —MORRISON
Gold Peppers You can get your tickets for the game Saturday morning, November 19 in the WSGA office when you get your chrysanthemums to sell The following are the committees for Saturday Union—Wien, Elstun, Huber, McKee WRH—Learning Cooley Huber, Hamilton At the game— Justin Sexton, Wood Cooley Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta—Jones Fra ternities—Turner, Townsend, George, Pitf> man, Conver Kappa Alpha Theta—^Hiner Pi Beta Phi—Klein Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma—Laramore Phi Mu and vil lage — Learning, Klein Pedalion — Whitehead —COOLEY. Modern Dance rractice iNo practice Thursday November 17 at 7 30 p m Members required to attend Modern Dance Program by Dons Humphrey and troupe —NEWMAN
Ag Chem. Club: All Ag Chemistry Club members please be present at the tower room of the Union at 9 10 p m , Thursday, November 17, for Debris pictures —MABY WSGA Sophomores: There will be no sophomore training school this week because of the Culture Conference (11-19) —LEAMING
Penalty Dates During the present semester there are foui* penalty dates They are November 28, 26, December 21 and January 6. These days represent the 24 hour p^ods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess (11-17) —FISHER Horseback Riding: All co-eds taking advanced riding meet at Women’s Gym Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p m If weather is undavorsble, meet Thursday, November 17. at 4 p. m ^ % -/-KNIOBW,
UbniiT l>>ckw HoMws : Beiiort to Idbrartan's office, xuin|^ card wired to pour locker. L«cke» not report by December 1 will be considered as not in use. and the lock will be eat ott. (11-19) —HEPBURN,
Student Artists Present Third Biq Ten Art Exhibit Starting today and continuing for a week the Third Big Ten Art exhibit will be on display in the Union music room. Including portraits, landscapes, still life, and plans for a broadcasting studio, the exhibit was done entirely by student artists of the Big Ten Several Purdue artists are among those with work on exhibit Betty Elstun has a “Histone Costume Plate” m the exhibit, while Janette Morris has a portrait of a “Young Engineer ” John Robertson IS represented by his “Gas Works ”
Classiiied Ads
day. Return to Betty Wickard, Kappa house.
ROOMS FOR RENT _ Today Ends-
ROOM AND BOARD—One single room. 116 University. Call 66781.
ROOM AND BOARD for students. 108 Waldron St. Call 41852.
FOR SALE
TAILS OK TUXEDO for sale Phone 65634
Cheap
MISCELLANEOUS
WAA News
(Continued from page 1)
faculty lounge. Lavery’s subject will be “The Theater.” At the same time, “Music in Mod-
ern Culture” will be the topic of John G. Cavanna*s talk in the women’s lounge. ^ The closing session, to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall, will begin at 7:30 p. m. with the highlights of p the conference given by Martha Wood. Entertainment of the evening will be a dance by Doris Hiunphrey.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, stondard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Knitting bag in Union last Thurs-
Tomorrow is the day for written gym tests for all freshmen and sophomore women. Every year the tests are given to close the fall gym season. They will be given in the Women’s Gymnasium and the Education Building at 4 p. m.
Activities Bureau: All those who received letters from the Activity Bureau concerning the moving picture that is being produced, please send me at the activities bureau, a dated list of your gioup oi special functions including the date time of day, and the place in which it IS to be filmed —BAKER 4th Novice Pistol Group One magazine, 22 automatic pistol was accidentally removed from the Armory Friday afternoon, November 11 Request that each member of this group check foi this magazine and return immediately to Captain Beckley in Armory —BECKLEY Co-edfl Taking PEW: Attend Dons Hum phrey’s dance demonstration at Fowler Hall Thursday Novembei 17, at 7 30 p m as part of their physical education course. —HAZELTON Activity Movie Photographers Meeting in room 1 of the Union today November 17 at 4 80 p m Everyone please attend —LUTZ Debris Photographers Important meeting in tower room Tuesday November 22 at 7pm —EMSLIE Co-ed Bowling Classes Tuesday and Thursday 10 o'clock classes and Tuesday and Thursday 11 o’clock classes sign up for posture picture by Friday, November 18, at lower floor of Women’s gym —KNIGHT Purdue Riding Club Business meeting Thursday, November 17, at 7 30 in loom F of Union —SUMMERS Union Sophomore Workers Men’s Debns picture will be taken at 8 20 p m Thursday, November 17, in tower room of Union Important that all attend —CABONARGI Purdue Flying Club Busniess meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7 30 p m Thursday, Novembei 17 Prof K D Wood will not be able to address the club as planned —CHEVEDDEN
Union Sophomores: My committee please meet in Union office Thursday, November 17 at 4 p m —KANY Poultry Club: Meeting at 4 30 Thursday in the Poultry Building All Ag students are invited —JENKINS
Wesley Foundation: Thanksgiving party, Friday, November 18, 7 30 p m at Foundation —McFADDEN
AIME Debns picture will be taken Thursday, November 17, at 8 46 p m in the tower room All members are expected to be present appropriately dressed in suitcoats —LOWN
Pi Tau Sigma: Debris picture Thursday, November 17, at 7 50 p m m Union tower room All members and fall pledges please be present, —HARVEY
Recreational Swimming. No open swim for women on Thursday, November 17, on account of Culture Conference —YEAGER
Hat Cleaning by Crown Restores the beauty your hat possessed
when new, 50c
Expertly blocked the way the factory does it
SEND YOUR HAT TO CROWN TODAY Ei0w^ hmm'i FINE C L E AN ENS OF FINE CLOTH *E$
OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent
h
Service .
Directory
• Professional
• jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAULA RISK—DOS HAROLD J RISK—DOS LUTHER A RISK—DOS Schultz Building 4th and Mam Phone 5701
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
t
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
• Locksmith
"Q" CARTER
k
119 ’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
t
• Bookstores
"DEAC"
KEYS AND LOCKS
t 1
Everything for a College Education
Keys ton trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing
7 1
H. G. REISNER
MULHAUPT'S
...IS
the word
. ^ v. /.I'
5^
c
^^killful is the word that best describes Chesterfield’s can’t-be-copied blend It is the RIGHT COMBINATION of mild ripe home-grown and aromatic Turkish . . . the world’s best cigarette tobaccos... that makes Chesterfield different from all other cigarettes.
And it’s the skillful blending of
these tobaccos with each other... for flavor, for aroma, for mildness and for taste, that has made Chesterfield the cigarette in which millions of smokers
find a new pleasure in smoking.
%
A
-hesterfield .. the blend that can’t be copied ...a HAPPY COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 1938. tieOBTT dc Myers Tobacco Co,