SPRING FOOTBALL Teams To Play Game Friday For Exhibition Vbltime 55, No. 118
Established 1889
xpanem w ' The rains came
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
MERRY-GO-ROimH Cbims Cordell Hull Too Aged To Carry On Thursday, April 8, %94$
ked Cross Drive p|A Will Elect New Board M. T. 7’s To Sign
In Adjutants Office Today By 7 P. M.
Contributions Total $4500 On Campus Student War Council Committee Releases Figures
On Donations Of Various Campus Organizations I'otal contributions of University organizations toward the . . » a i annual Red Cross War Fund and Membership Drive, whidh LlOyd MyGtS
was launched early last month, amounted to $1,111 30 The eXjpected quota for the whole University was from three to five thousand dollars and they contributed approximately $4,500 Students and faculty are to be praised for such a fine showing According to plans set up by the Student War Council, all fraternity houses. Women’s
Members In Union Today
Membership Cards, Passports Required Irr Balloting For Favorite Candidates
Residence Halls, Cary Halls, co-op houses, and other campus organizations were contacted during the first week of the drive The committee mamtained a booth in the Union foi the benefit of those students who might not have been reached, all contiibutors here received the Red Cross tags Women’s Residence Halls $250 00 Wesley Foundation students 15 25 Hillel Foundation
Cary Hall
Union Bldg, Misc Women’s Pan Helleni
Council
Students Cooperative Assn Independent Associations Phi Gamma Delta Delta Tau Delta Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Chi Phi Kappa Tau Triangle Sigma Nu
Acacia
Tau Epsilon Phi Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Theta Alpha Gamma Rho
Sigma Pi
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Alpha Sigma Phi Sigma Alpha Mu
Theta Chi
Alpha Tau Omega
Beta Theta Pi 25 00 D^lta Upsilon 14 00 Khppa Delta Rho 15 00 Kappa Sigma 15 00 Phi Sigma Kappa 5 00 Tau Kappa Epsilon 11 50 Phi Kappa Sigma 13 50 Aljiha Chi Omega 10 00 Kappa Alpha Theta 5 00 Delta Gamma 5 00 Kappa Kappa Gamma 5 00 Chi Omega 5 00 Phi Mu 5 00 Alpha Xi Delta 5 00 Sophomores, Juniors Sophomore and junior students Mot in the Enlisted Reserve Corps and pursuing approved technical engineering courses may now join the ERC through voluntary m
duetion
All sophomore and junior engi Peering students not in the ERC and who are interested in the Enlisted Reserve Corps or Army Specialized Training Program should meet with Captain Rubin sdn this afternoon at 4 in room 102, Purdue Armory
Staff To Pick New Heads For Bureau
Elections Start At 4:30 Today
Elections foi junioi and senioi officeis in Activities Biueau will be held this afternoon at 4 30 Two senioi officeis, Directoi and Exe cutive and ^seveial junioi commit
tee heads aie to be chosen
Those lunning foi office are
10 00 Maige Libbeit Jack Renbaigei 5 00 Esthei Conelley Judy Jones and
25 00 Lloyd Holtzman
20 00
15 00 officeis will be chosen by an 25 00 ‘^isctoial boaid composed of the 20 00 of all the campus activities 10 50 membeis of this boaid aie 15 00 Baiiett John Wiske Dale g QQ Blitz Paul Haiimgton Noiman 35 00 Augsbuigei Rogei Monahan, Will 25 75 Doiothy Cointhwaite and
20 00 Jackson
Senior Invitations, Aiinouncements To Go
On Sale Today
Senioi announcements and invita tions will go on sale in the Execu tiVe building today between Sam and 4pm and in the Student Sen ate office fiom 4 to 5 30 this aftei
noon
For some time it was doubtful whethei or not the class would be able to obtain these booklets due to the difficulty in getting materials and the rush m piepaiing for giad nation This year there will be only one booklet for graduation instead of the usual two The programs are bound with a white leatherette cover and have a black and gold tassel Pictures of the more important buildings on the campus and the names of the mem beis of the graduating class will be contained in the booklet
2 50
91 36 17 00 25 00 81 71 169 73 17 00
7 50 5 00
35 00 10 00
carries the support of the Boilermaker party for presi dency We, the candidates for the major offices of the Purdue Independent Association on the Boilermaker Party, do establish the following as the political platform on which we stand 1 Unify the entire independent student body by means of a liberal social program which i caches every independent student 2 Promote the interests of in dependent students in the extracurricular activities on the campus by introducing them to these activi ties and encouraging them to participate 3 Back independent students in popular elections, such as AWS, WAA and the beauty contests Hen Meets Hen; Foul Results Biology 2 students are evidently supposed to believe m miracles On their last hour test, they were in stiucted to predict the results of crossing a fowl which had a yellow skin and laid large eggs with a fowl which had a white skin and lard small eggs How they were to man age to cross two fowls, both of which laid eggs was not explained Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following Donald C Hardesty, Hamlet, Dale A Ray Boggstown, Kenneth V lost, Greenfield, Orville F Thomas, Giasscieek Clifton Smith Green wood Wayne S Windell Coiydon, George A Simonson LaPorte, Phillip J Rutherford Spimgpoit, Harold S Wann Aicady and Rob eit C Pan of Terre Haute
War And Women...
Eds Seem increasingly Despondent Over Influence Of War On Coeds
Bj Pat Richardson In these days of national cmei geircy when women all ovc i the country arc answering the call oi the WAVES WAAGS WAFS WOWS, and the Marines eveiyonc applauds then patriotic gesture However, some far seeing gentle men (100 20 vision) have a very different opinion and glumly pie diet that women will not want to return to civilian life One anony iVioub ed painted the following dole ful picture when intei viewed con coining the place ol women in the post war world Insist Upon Coloi “It IS 6 a m on April 9 1952, and Colonel Mildred Giiip’s orderly Eimintrude is laying out her cos tume for the day Today the Colonel has decided to wear to inspection her lettuce green uniform which is enlivened by dashes ol chartijcuse
on the tunic and blouse and as ac (essoiies her ostrich plume helmet those darling Joyce wedgies and chartreuse gloves The other giils will wear then tan and kelly green you know the one with daisies em bi Oldercd on the sleeves ’ At this point the cd bioke down and could go no further until lofieshcd by —uh refreshments Ihcn the gen tlcman summoned all his strength (70 pioot) and continued with his trie Will Not Be Satisfied Now It won’t stop there’either ’’ he continued ‘and they won’t want to give up then job as riveters weld ors and what have you Imagine a quiet evening at home with papa knitting by the lire baby in it and mama dowij, in the basement piae ticing a new iiveting stitch Or a munitions factory with window
boxes and delicate laundry hanging lionr its eleetiified fence Even the animals won t be immune from this plague Horses cows chickens pigs ducks will all be perfumed and be ribboned and when the live stock begin to get old, then hair, feathers, and such stuft will be hennaed Foi added touches of beauty hoises manes ind cows ears will bo pcioxided Ihey’ll even start printing money m p istel colors they 11—^uniph
Looks Bad
Collapsing into a chan the piophetie ed remained adamant to all ettorts to rouse him and thus this glimpse into the future must stop However, it would be an ex eellent idea for the eds on the cam pus to investigate this rumor and determine how the present trend rs affecting coed character
Independent students will elect the officers to fill the five major jobs on the PI A board today between Sam and 5 p m Voting will take place at the main door of the south ballroom in the Union In accordance with previous election policy, the candidates have been divided into two drfferent parties, the Independent and the Boilermaker The Independent candidates for office are Gene Andre, president, Jim Penile, vice president, Margaret Young, coed executive. Bill Tyson, treasurer, and Atheleen Bandelier, secretary Other Candidates Candidates running on the Boilermaker ticket are Lloyd Myers, president Bob Armstrong, vice president, Ruth Ford coed executive, Noiman Merrick, treasurer, and Henrietta Davis secretary Membership cards and passports must be presented at the table in or del to obtain a ballot The voter will then make his choice and place the ballot in the box provided at the
table
At 5 30 p m the vote will be counted and results will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent The candidates will be elected to serve for two semesters Although the last electron was last spring the organization remained inactive last summer so that a two semester basis was maintained To Install Officers Wednesday Installation of the new officeis will be held at a banquet in the Un ion Wednesday night Present at the banquet will be the newly elected officeis, the incumbents and the sponsors of the PI A, Dean Coolidge and Dr McBee The banquet will start promptly at 6 p nr with all board membeis also present Then new duties will be assumed Monday afternoon, April 19, at which time the lame ducks and the newly elected officeis will interview for the appointed jobs After the interviews, the selections will be
made
WAA To Make Awards To Outstanding Girls And Present Trophies WAA will hold its annual Spring Sports Spread, its last big social function of the year, next Tuesday, April 13, at 5 30 p m at the WAA
cabin
At this very informal get together, the outstanding girls of the year will be acknowledged and awarded with WAA skins % skin committee selects these girls on the basis of scholarship, leadership, service and sportsmanship Besides the awarding of skins, class and intramural cups and tro phies will be presented to the winners in the various sports during the year with the hall, sorority or ward having taken the most honors, winning the laige gold loving cup Announce Sportswomen Pledges to the athletic honorary. Sportswomen will be announced and gills will receive their mono grams and numerals for paiticipa tion in sports—a monogram if they have earned 1000 points and nunier als for earning 100 points All girls wishrng to attend the Spoits Spread will meet at the gym and hike out to the cabin in a group lickets are on sale and may be purchased at the WAA office or from any council membeis fpi 35 cents
Gene Andre
running for president of PIA on the Independent ticket The Independent Party, if placed in office, will endeavor to give a more thorough representation to the Independent student The plan centers itself about an all-member meeting to be held during the first few weeks of the semester On the proceedings of this meeting most of the PIA activity for the term will revolve 1 It will bring PIA members together and tend to cement a true bond of friendship between them 2 Contact between the members and the officers will be established, and an opportunity for criticisms and suggestions of policy will exist 3 Most important, it will provide the necessary element of represen tation by means of open forum discussions 4 This will make possible the establishment of an entire semester’s social calendar thereby eliminating all confusion regarding PIA social events In other words we stand firmly for more member participation m all PIA activities, both social and recreational Sigma DeSta Chi honorary journalistic frater irity, held electrons Tuesday eve ning and the following were installed as new officeis Bob Boskinkle, president. Bill Tyson, vice president, Willas Vermilion, secretary, and Stan Wolte, treasurer Initiation of the recent pledges took place and the following are now actives in the fraternity Ellis Murphy, Tim Tilton, Carroll Maitindell, Willas Vermilion Bill Ty son Marion Smith, Jim Richardson, John Wiske Charles Dueslei James Ackerman, Bob Winslow Jack Kim biell, Raymond Smith, Frank Vegh, Stuart Wolfe and Bert Squier
Eligible Men Will Stay Until June 29 For Graihi^; Names Posted On Cadet Officers' Bulletin Board According to an announcemerit received last night from the Military Department, all M. T. 7 students who can graduate by June 29, 1943, may continue m school after the end of the present semester m order to graduate if they desire to do so. A list of the students who are eligible to remain is posted on the cadet officer’s bulletin board on the second floor of the ' Armory, and all M. T. 7 stu-
dents who wish to takea^antage of the plan must report
to Ihe Adjutant before
today
The existing orders concerning second year advanced course ROTC students state that they will be allowed to graduate, if graduation occurs before June 30, 1943 Under University regulations, students will be granted half or approximately eight weeks of their last semester before being called to the service Since Jone 29 IS past the eight week limit, these students would be granted their degiees in August with the remainder of their class After June 30, the men will supposedly report to officei candidate schools in the same manner as was originally planned
M. E. Bunker Named Best
Soldier
E. S. Resor Wins
Frosh Award
Winners m the recent Best Soldier Contest sponsored by Scabbard and Blade weie announced yester day The winneis in the sophomore division were M E Bunkei, first, J F Khel, second, and J W Sims,
third Winners m the freshman di- for April 20
vision were E J Resor, fiist. Urges Cadet Officers Tb Sfdy
W N Wallace, second, and B B
Moore, third
Judging Criteria The winners received gold, silver, and bronze medals for first, second.
Colonel Beere, Professor of Military Science and Tactics at the University, urges all of the eUdet officers who are eligible to stay in
and third place lespectively, in each the University and thereby qualify division The things that were for their diplomas He points out judged m the Best Soldier Contest t^at although students leave the were grades, discipline, conduct on x x, x, x x XU J n a 1 XX X J Univeisity with the intention of the drill flooi, general attitude, soldierly appearance and bearing, returning and graduating after the and a piactical examination in the wai, most of them nevei finish their
school work
These students will continue under practically the same plan as at piesent and will pay their own tuition, laboratoiy fees and secure then own books Colonel Beere announced that passes which have been gi anted during the latter part of the current semester for mstructional work, work on activities or other work will be canceRed during next semester and aH students will be expected to mamtam
School of the Soldiei Butz, Rafert, Sutherland Win Military Awards
In the annual military award presentation held on Tuesday,
Corps Day, Cadet Lt Col Dale E , _ x , , Butz won the U S Field Artilleiy ^ ^0 to 10 study hours
Association Medal and the Frank
M Caiy cup for gunnery
To Graduate June 29
This plan includes all MT 7 stu-
Winners of the awards for dents who will be eligible for gradscholarship in Oidnance are Cadet uation on June 29 whether or not Col W E Rafeit, first, and Cadet they are in the Enlisted Reserves. Col D R Sutheiland, second All students concerned are urged to More Awards Today check the list on the buHetin board. Today, three Sons of the Amei- then name apepars on the list lean Revolution medals will be and they wish to take advantage of awaided to the wmnei of the Senioi plan, they must contact ■fee Command examination, to the win- Adjutant before 2pm today,
ner of the Junior Command exam-
ination, and to the Chief of the section whose squad won the Howitzei squad competition Six awards will be given to winner of the Scabbaid and Blade Best Soldier Contest
Sigma Delta Chi Sigma Delta Chi will announce
the winner of their annual Legfeer Medallion and Good TeacK^r Awards m tomorrow’s Espouent.
Anything But Studies... Bureau Conducts Poll On Status Of Campus Activities During Wdf
Kappa Beta
chinch soioiity elected the iollowing officeis Dona Iiion pies ideni Maigeiy Held, vice piesi dent Jean Wolf, lecoichng secie taiy, Effie Ann Snydei, tieasuiei, Dons Flank, coiiesponding secietaiy, Betty King, ladius lepoit, Betty Diake, histoiian and Alice Fox chaplain The club voted in a new constitution and planned pio gianis foi a letieat
Becoming wai minded the Activ ities Buieau has just completed a Gallup Poll ’ to discovei the stu dent opinion legaiding the status of extia cuiiiculai activities dui ing wai time The pioblem was to find how interested sti^dents aie in activities geneially whethei they should be continued oi eliminated, and the aveiage time spent on them Ihe final concensus of opm ion held that student activities should not be cuitailed in any way Oi the 700 intei viewed 8 5 pei cent lived in Caiy Hall 28 per cent in fiateimty houses 5 4 jiei cent m WRH 12 5 pei cent in oiganized independent houses, 39 3 pei cent in unoiganized houses and 6 3 pei cent in soioiities To get a tiue cioss section oi the campus, the light piopoition was mathematically hguied as to the numbei of males and females in each school
last semestei 34 4 pel cent of the interviewees weie oigamzed and 65 6 pei cent independent Of those in activities, 53 6 pei cent aie woikeis, and the lest officeis Joe College, lepie senting 68 pei cent of the students intei viewed stated that he spent an aveiage of 6 9 houis pei week woikmg on activties lepiesenting the entue gioup, Joe works 14 3 houis a week on a salaned job The student’s status in the Univeisity lan all the way fioni 2 6 pei cent as second teim iieshmen to 27 pei cent as last semestei senioi s To the question ‘ Should students with indices below 3 5 be pei nutted to woik on activities’’’ 52 4 pei cent of the gioup said “No,” 15 7 pel cent weie undecided, and 319 pel cgnt agiced When asked it they thought the numbei of activ-
ity woikmg hours pei week sKovId be limited, 47 3 per cent lesponded with “No ” 111 per cent couWn’t decide and 416 per cent said Yes ’ “Would you spend more studying if all activties wre chopped’” A lesaunding 83.4 per cent of the interviewed g^up ^id they would not, while 7 6 per cqnt were undecided and 9.1 p^^r Cttpt thought they would study mor^. 63 4 pel cent disagreed wife fee idea that present activties shoptd be substituted with specific wer woik, while 24 4 pei cent didn't know and 15 2 pei cent thongfit fee idea a good one And finally, to the question, “Should activities be curtailed because of the war?” SQ.SpUr cent of the students said “1S(%” 7.S pel cent couldn’t decide, anil n,T pel cent said “Yes.”»#»? ‘ "; ' V' •- ^ '■ Puge M
Wl
’/i^^5>' > *. ■' >>>'
1 '“".f"' '!iAt\''y'r"5ij3
f¥f,^ -hj"
Purdu(S Exponent
i ' ’%'' >ij.'' 'Ii,'),''‘v''<'' • ' I Thursday^ April 8, iMS
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Uhiort, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Rditor Williom fi. Hoskins
With the Colors
Editor Bnsinesa Monaiter News Editor Matneine Editor Senihr AdvertiiiinB: Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business EscrutiTC
Dale E. Butz (jierhard H. Klouman Robert W. Bosw inkle Sally Beall James (1. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff •ft ^ Editorial Staff AssociatCiBditors; F. J VorIi, J. T Richardson, T I, Tilton, W. H. X»on, W. L. V.rmilion, M 1, Smith, C C. Murtinddl, E. M&rphy Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha T,ce Riftss, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith
1“ ' > Business Staff Assistant Advertising: Manager: J Filpi. Advertising: Manseers: J. Flexoii, C. Gaunt, J. McCulIouBh, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. H Erooplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Edltar-in-Chicf
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Riggs Sports Editor: Mann Day Editor: Ahrens Issue Editor; Baynes Reporters: Yargar, Ford Tucsbutg, St^es, Craig, Richardson, Grotnos, Dominik, Abbott, Georgeson, Gregory, Forsythe.
Entered as second class mattir at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings duriit gfbe year. Delivered locally by earner for $1 7B for a semester or $3 00 for two semester-,, by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 50 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Scjvicc, Inc , College Publishers Heprescnlatlvea, 320 Madison Ave , New York, N Y.
On A IFiS. . .
AWS judicial board, that renowned organization of coed spinsters who are supposed to represent the women students of the University, has scored again. The committee has gained much notoriety in the past for their reversal of decisions on coed hours and their failure to grant extensions thereof, but the cap sheaf of their activities was laid in place yesterday afternoon. Representatives of Scabbard and Blade approached the royal order of hour setters and after bowing low at the feet of the queen and her obstinate court, they were rudely rebuffed in their plea for 1 a. m. hours on Saturday night. In spite of the fact that this will be the last big dance for most of the Enlisted Reservists and that Saturday night is the only free night for many men now in unifoi’m, the board feels that they would be betraying their sacred duty in allowing these poor boys an extra hour of freedom. AWS representatives argue that since there will be only 1400 people at the dance, it is not worth while to change the hours for twenty per cent of the student population. In answer to this we would like to point out that hours have readily been extended in the past for dances in which a much smaller percentage of the student population was affected. Also the judicial board says that they are trying to keep the situation normal, but how can the situation be normal when so many men are in uniform and Saturday is their only night off? These are not normal times and any organization which tries to keep normal is merely hiding its head in the sand. It is so seldom that the judicial board has an opportunity to get before the public eye that they evidently jump at the chance to assert their authority in fixing coed hours. Their arguments for not advancing the hours do not seem very logicn’ u'J ihe only thing that we can figure out 'iiat the poor girls on the board were not asked to go to the dance and are therefore showing their spite toward the rest of us.—d.e.b.
Four Freedoms.. .
Can you nqrae them, the Four Freedoms of the Atlantic Charter? They’ve been widely discussed, widely written about, and have become a part of everyday American life . . . featured in the Saturday Evening Post and even serving as the inspiration for fabric designs. They are the goals for which we are fighting, the goals announced as a result of the Roosevelt-Churchill meeting at sea. Any warconscious, news-minded American should have them con.stantly in mind ... in an instant he should be able to say, “Freedom of Speech, Freedom of Religion, Freedom from Want and Freedom from Fear.” Yet, two teachers in the Home Ec School were startled to discover that of a group of 35 of their students only one could name all four. Worse still, half of the group could not name a single one of the freedoms. This little test was given to check up on whether the students had been looking at the main display case in the Home Ec building. For two weeks Norman Rockwell’s full page colored drawings from the Saturday Evening Post illustrating the four freedoms as represented in our lives had been exhibited in the display case . . . and still this group of coeds remaind woefully ignorant of these wartime goals. Many of their answers were downright guesses ... . such as “freedom from imprison-
msinMiOK Tm R»9 U S Off merry-go-round
By DREW REAR$0N
Milady's War d-Robe Just Looking Around
By Martha Lee Riggs
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Sumner Welles Partially Relieves Cordel Hull As St-ate Sec.retary; Foreign President's Visit Capitol
WASHINGTON—II won’t be announced, and may even be denied, but for all practical purposes we now have a new Secretary of State. Cordell Hull, over 70, having given 40 valiant and fr-uitful years to public service, gradually is stepping hside. Looking out of his window upon the magnolia trees, gorgeous in the Spring, Hull thinks back to the days when he was a circuit judge in Tennessee, then a member of Congress; to the days when he helped pioneer the first income tax law; to the fight he made against the sky-high, disastrous tariffs of the Smoot-Hawley days; and to his briefer career in the Senate. Looking back over that vista, Hull fins thought many times he might retire. But two chief things have held him on. One is his ambition to see his trade treaties continued and renegotiated (this bill is now pending in Congress). The other is Mrs. Hull, who, nursing his strength carefully, is determined that he not resign. Hull frequently finds, however, that he simply does not have the physical strength to carry on. Tjie daily grind is too much and he absents himself a part of each week. Last year he was forced to spend a total of six months away from Washington. • The New Secretary Of State
The month of April anywhere is the month of Api il showers, and this fcampus is no deception—now, is it? It may be a little more difficult to maintain that smooth app6ai'&nce -vVhen it’s pouTiftg down lain, but it’s “more than-someWhat” easier to keep up one’s spirits in an attractive raincoat. Most unique, I think, are those that are being made from paratroop twill-back rayon satin. They are very militaristic in the exact styles worn by the WAAC and WAVE forces. The new white poplin coats are neat and somewhat less joe-ish. Also coats are being made with patriotic navy or red linings that make a rainy day much more cheerful.
a ifaylj'-pf'inted challis scatf in snood fashion.
I’ve already mentioned the gay libbon bows that may be worn at the neck of a blouse in place of costure jewelry pins, but just recently I noticed also a clever idea of wearing tiny ribbon bdws that match that may be worn on the ears in place of ear-rings. The effect is most intriguing.
Allied sea losses aren’t mentioned any more in communiques from London and Washington; but these losses aren’t a matter to be turned lightly aside. The more ships the Allies send to Africa the greater the sea losses and according to the way things are goifig now, it seetns to be a race between the En^llf3h and American shipbuilders on one side and the German submarine fleets on the other side . —•
The rliost unusual fad I’ve seen for a while is that of wearing glasses with polished wooden frames. Thd glasses give that chic wooden stare, and make a good substitute for the pixie glasses that have been with us for some time now.
This spring there seems to be much silk jersey (of course, it’s really rayon jersey) to replace the usual sheer wools and real silks that are no longer available. However, they really can’t be put in the substitute class since they are really pretty enough to be a class in itself. You’ve seen them in the bright colored, gayly printed styles, and the combination two-piece effect with a butcher-linen curve-fitting blouse is especially popular.
to see who can keep going the planes to form an umbrella over longest. Of course, we should their hapless troops. The Italians not forget that the British are also forming huge hospital cen- . ... ters and disembarkation centers for Navy, which is* mainly in in arms”. The Britcharge of that area of the j,ot reported where their ocean, has done considerable dam- Mediterranean fleet is, hut it is age to the Nazi undersea raiders, lively that they are preparing to The sinkings became so acute that propose a toast to the glorious Hitler had to change his Navy cord- Italian Navy—bottoms up. The mand to a man who doesn’t care Duce evidently doesn’t like his fleet if he loses one or fifty submarines very well or maybe the Germans as long as he stops a certain enemy ^ave decided thaf if they lose this action. vvar they can lick the fish at the XXX bottom of the Mediterranean. Henry J. Kaiser has decided that
As a result of these absences and the fact that Mi. Hull moves more slowly now, the President has found himself calling upon Undersecretaiy Sumner Welles, who has now virtually become Secretary of State. More and more frequently now, when the President picks up the telephone he calls Welles instead of Hull. He findT that Welles has the facts at his finger-tips and woiks faster, Hull’s answers of late have grown more vague. This is partly his cautious temperament, partly age. Once Hull was proud of the fact that he was the only member of the cabinet maintaining daily contact with fhe press. But now sometimes a week goes by without a press conference. All of the recent speeches have been made by Welles, which makes the old gentleman a bit touchy. In fact he wondered why it was that Welles rather than he was asked to speak for the State Department in the Herald-Tribune Forum. The answer was that the President specifically requested Welles to do the job. But the Secretary is determined to stick it out until the last horn blows—and he may be able to continue. • Claude Wickard In Or Oufr Two men from Coon Rapids, Iowa, met in Washington seven weeks ago and made a bet about the demise of Claude Wickaid as a Cabinet officer. Said A. E, “Red” Bowman, sugai expert of the WPB: “Wickard is on the skids; he won’t last till the fiist of May.” Saul corn fanner Bob Garst, “I admit he’s on the skids, but heie’s ten dollars that says it will take longei than May first.” Last week, the two men met again in Washington, just alter the Piesident had stiippcd Wickaid of power and put Chestei Davis in contiol. “Here’s your ten bucks,” said Gaist to Bowman. ‘But ‘Wickard isn’t out yet,” lesponded Bowman. ‘‘Aw, hell,” said Gaist, “I won’t stand on a technicality.” • Capital Chaff Grace Tully, private secretary to the President, calls her office Union Station. “If that door opens once a day,” she says, “it opens a hundred times.” . . . Says Major Ruth Streeter, head ot the Lady Marines, “I wish W'e could serve overseas. For one thing, it would give us a chance to earn .service bars, and they certainly would brighten up the uniform.” . . . Washington is about to see the greatest string of visiting foreign Presidents in history. Beginning May 5, and spaced one every two weeks, they are: President Penaranda of Bolivia, President Barclay of Liberia, President Morinigo of Paraguay, and most important of all—President Rios of Chile. • Merry-Go-Round Sam Bledsoe, Number One aide to Claude Wickard, has lesigned because he didn’t want to be caught in the cross-file between Wickaid and Chester Davis. . . . When newsmen saw Finnish Minister Procope dashing into the Senate Department the other day, they speculated on peace between Finland and Russia. Real fact is, however, Pioeope was dropping in to pay an installment on the Finnish debt ... Of the ledecorated Argentine chanceiy in Washington, Ambassador Felipe Espil says with a smile, “This is a change m oui foreign policy.” (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Suggestions on shoes help considerably since the No. 17 Ration Stamp has assumed such impoitance m planning a war-time wardrobe. If you’ie looking for something to bleak the monotony of practical styles just a little, and have slender ankles, the “baby-doll” style IS gaining popularity on this campus quite lapidly, and are supposed to be favoied by the fellows.
We have our troubles in April, too, in keeping our hair neat while looking attractive at the Same time in a damp atmosphere. Don’t sacrifice glamour on the way to the spring formats. Instead enhance it by Avearing a wispy chiffon or filmy knit scarf with tiny ten-cent-store silver stars sprinkled on it.
A new hat idea is a Chellon beret that may be worn informally on the back of the head, up-tront with-your spring suit, or be adapted to a more formal occasion, too. The last effect is achieved by draping over it
Most popular of the purchases being made by coeds aie those of the beguiling tucked-front blouses—in rayon crepe, jersey, batiste, or pique —and in white or pastel tints. Even yone likes to wear them and eveiyone likes to see them.
Buy it if you need it.
he is in too small a branch of transportation. He is going to branch out and make super cargo planes and super bombers. This is certainly branching out, but hoiv far the “great” Kaiser can go in his attempt to keep his name before the public is a question that can’t be easily answered. He is bound to meet his “Foch” sooner or later; and what happens after that is going to be interesting to see. Watch your step, Mr. Kaiser, you can’t ahvays put planes and other implements ot transportation together like you do Victory ships. XXX The Italian fleet is getting leady to aid m the eventual evacuation of Rommel and Arnini liom Afnca; and the Geimans are foiming huge squadrons of long lange fighter
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
WHERE WOMEN ARE TERRIFIC The meteorologists that have moved into the UCLA, have expiesscd themselves veiy favorably toward the beautiful women, the soft beds, and the “fraternity life,” On the.so three topics they were most favorably impressed by the superabundance of lovely coed.s. These woathei soldieis came fiom eveiy pait of the country except California, and they said that they weie particulaily giateful to the coeds for tinning on beautiful smiles whenevei they pass—California Daily Bruin. E-R SO GOES THE ARMY Officials at Nebiaska University have had to change their time of classes because of the army’s reluctance to change their military schedule Classes had been set to stait at 8 a m. rather than on the half hour, and when the army learned of the fact they said that it was impossible to change their tiaditional lising time in the morning. The students don’t hko going
to school a half hour eailier — Daily Nebraskan. E-P SHE’S NO LADY The skirt.s at Iowa State College are not ladies. They are also not girls, coeds, gals, goilg, dames, or babies. They are women. This seems to be the approved name for the fair sex, but no leason is given for bestowing such a title on the calm, quiet college coed. — Iowa State Daily Student. E-P SOLDIERS ON PARADE Membeis of the Army Air Corps on the University of Kentucky campus have decided that the regular count of “hutt, two, three, four” IS not distinctive enough. They, therefore, proceeded to initiate the new marching count of “The Army Air Corps Song” and “For Me and My Gal” as their official pace maker. This, they point out, make the coeds on the campus sit up and take notice of their approach —The Kentucky Kernal.
— HELD OVER Thi'ee More Days
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED., APRIL 14 advanced THURS., APRIL 15 7:30 P.M. PHONE 2150 ALLtiN S 6th and Ferry
MARI
TODAY - FRI.-SAT.
TODAY and TOMORROW
HOW TO HAVE FUN ...AND LOTS OF IT!
ment, mentally and physically”, “freedom from pestilence”, “freedom from heavy taxation”, “freedom of international unity”, and “raciql freedom”; others, though guesses, came closer to the actual ones ... for example, “freedom of expression”, “freedom from terror”, and “pursuit of happiness”. Still, there is no logical reason or acceptable excuse for such guesses on the part of coeds attending one of the leading technical universities in the country. In fact, there is no reason for any American not knowing these freedoms. We hate to think of this group of coeds as representative of the American people ... but, unfortunately, and alarmingly, we believe that the indifferent, careless' attitude is typical of countless citizens. Far too many Americans go on in their haphazard ways, griping about the upsets in their daily routines and looking with unseeing eyes at the major issues for which we are fighting. It’s high time that some changes are made and we all become acutely and sincerely war conscious. Let’s have no more ignorance of news and issues of our war; Jet’s each of us get into the fight and give it our wholehearted attention and unfailing interest.—m.j.l.
Three boys and three girls ...frying to crash Broadway... and living entirely for laughs!
Wiiliam Holden , Eddie Bracken ^
Susan Hayward-Robert Benclile)
I Martha O’Driscoll • Barbara Britton
•n4 frcMwitd bv Edw/arcJ H Griffith
How to build a 20-mile bridge ... in 20 MINUTES
ALBERT
as a lest pilot with $1,000,000 in insurance
and ANNE
at the oal who hat to keep him alive I
Nalurt? in a destructive mood ran pul miles of telephone line out of service. To bridge such gaps, w'hilc repairs are lieing^madc, Bell System men have devised special portable radio erpiipment. An emergency radio unit is rushed to t^acli end of the break and connected to the undamaged part of the line, f In a few minutes, a temporary radio bridge has been set up and telephone traffic is rc-cstablislied. Being prepared for einergeneies is part of the daily job of Bell System people —part of the tremendous task of maintaining the lines of communication on the home front.
Raymond Walh^Vn • Ed Brophy DIrcctsd by WILLlAjl^t CIEMENS • Sersen
Ploy by Edmund ^HAtonn & Art Arthur
3- • J
Ifhursddy, April 8^ 1943
iiA
Boileriiia^r Sp&rh
•iip---
iiH.
THE PW CL^iSS ^ ACtldN FRIBAY
DO YOU LIKE
TO SEE
FISH SWIM?
Galatade Promises To Top All Previous Pool Performances; Races, Skits, Diving Wilt Make Up Thrill Packed Program Preparations for another one of Coach Dick Papenguth’s great swim shows, the Galacade, are nearing completion and the preview indicates that the show next Monday evening will be one of the best ever presented. Coach Papenguth gave out with a quote yesterday, saying that more stunts will be pulled off in the Galacade than in that great comedy, “Hellzapoppin’. Diving on both the high or low boards will take up a major part of the program. Two of
Permdniliil Vidve
the New York women swimmers, Dot Williamson and Dorothy Zeigler,. will perform on the diving boards. Miss
Papenguth, Fehring, Allen, Phillips, and Burnham. These men will pick the best five and prize money will be awarded to the tof) three. Coach Papenguth is pleased with
Zeigler is a National Junior the response given by the frats and AAU champion. Johnny Juengst, sororities and he believes that the
Wally Grub, and the Anthony twins skits will all be works of art. will do the diving for the Boiler- Battle With Ball
maker varsity aggregation. Some Varsity freshman swimmers Will of the diving will be of the graceful, meet in their annual battle-royal at stylish type and mixed in with this, the Galacade. Last year the battle at frequent intervals, will be the was staged with fish. A giant carp comedy acts on both boards. was placed in the pool along with a Skits .ludged Tonight series of smaller fish, the winner One of the best parts of the of the fight was the team that capevening’s entertainment will be the tuyod the most fish. This year the skits put on by the fraternities and feature a pushball game sororities. So far there has been of five-feet diameter
By Phyllis Mann
The coeds who last winter dragged themselves to classes are now tripping around full of vitality. This is not because they haVe added Vitamin B, or Wheaties to their diet, but they were members of tke Freshman Physical Fitness Program. ► Beauty In The Making This is the basic program required of all freshman women during the winter term. It has- as its objectives the development of strength, endurance, flexibility and body control, including posture and relaxation^the essentials of fitness. ► Thru The Keyhole This Friday evening the students and public will have the opportunity to see what really goes on behind the doors of the Women’s Gymnasium, when the P. E. W. Department presents a demonstration of class work assisted by the Triton Club, Modern Dance Club and WAA. The program will include Snappy tap routines, badminton and/ fencing exhibitions, a Modern Dance program and swimming demonstrations by the Triton Club.
► Galacade On Way
nine skits entered in the skit contest, five of these will be used for the Galacade. The skits will be judged tonight at 8 p. m., in the Fieldhouse. Judges will be Coaches
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
being used.
Patty Performs Patty Aspinall, famous girl swimmer from Indianapolis •will perform at the show and -vvill swim with the womeri from New York. There will be several races between the women performers. Free style, backstroke, and breaststroke ■will predominate. Miss Aspinall -will probably do most of her pei’forming in the breaststroke. This 'will (See GALACADE, page 4)
DINE OUT
FOR FUN
All your household worries iiielt away when you play hooky from your kitchen — Dine at PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION CAFETERIA No dishes to wash, No work at all! Gur expert chefs know how to make this a memorable evening with - ternpting, flavorable food — you’re sure to enjoy.
fiWvduSL %njmL The Corner of the Campus—— Yet the Center of Activities
I think we Will find Coach Dick Papenguth’s great Galacade really worth while Monday night. Final plans are being formed and it promises to bb an evening of good entertainment. ► Fish Compete Probably the skits put on by the fraternities and sororities will provide one of the best parts of the evening’s entertainment. Much enthusiasm has been shown in'the preparation on these skits, and Coach Papenguth believes that they will all be u work of art. ► Gold And Back Providing , one of the highlights of .the opening clay’s program of the twelfth annual Purdue Football Clinic, two picked teams from the Boilermaker spring grid squad, the “Golds” and the “Blacks”, will meet in a regulation game in Ross-Ade Stadium on Friday afternoon at 4:30. Although staged primarily for high school and college coaches from over the Middle West who will attend the two-day clinic, the game will be open to the student body and general public, .. ' ,, ► Gold And Black The two competing elevens have been selected from a spring squad that has made up in enthusiasm what it lacked in experience, and a keenly fought battle is in prospect. Only four major lettermen, Dick Barwegen, guard; Eugene Matrewitz, tackle, and Henry Strain and John Andretich, backs, are listed in the starting lineups, which include all freshmen or newly turned sophomores. The game will provide one of the windup features of a spring drill that wa.s launched on March 1 with a surprising turnout of 81 candidates. Eds and coeds should turn out and cheer on their favorite team.
“Take care of Mom, and don t spot my Arroiv Shirts!” You can always include Arrow Shirts among a man’s favorite joossessions, and why not? The special Mitoga fit, Sanforized label (which guarantees faliric slirinkage less than 1%), anchored buttons and the world-famous collar all contribute to a work of art in tailoring. Tlic clean crisp feeling of a new Arrow shirt on your hack is a lesson in morale. Sec your dealer today! Whites and fancies, §2.24, up. 4 R R 0 Jf
SHIRTS « TIES ■ HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR > SPORT SHIRTS ■k BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ★
FocTiIiy Boiling LEAGUE STANDING! W. L. English 60 27 Agr. Extension 57 30 Animal Husbandry 55 32 Speech 51 36 Physical Plant ..i... 50 37 Civil Engr. 60 S'? Physics .....1.......L..;....,..... 49 38 Executive 49 38 Poultry 48 39 Horticulture ..:.... 47 40 Agronomy 2 47 40 Elec. Engr 45 42 Mech. Engr. 44 43 Agr. Chem 1 44 43 Chemistry 2 43 44 Dairy 43 44 Agr. Chem. 2 43 44 Recitation .:..... 43 .44 Forestry 43 44 Agr. Chem. 3....... ; 42' 45 Naval Tr. Sta 40 47 Agr. Engr. 40 47 Agr. Exp. Sta 40 47 Radio Engr i... 38 49 General Stoi’es 38 49 Chemistry 1 37 50 Chem. Engr 37 50 Agronomy 1 .: 36 51 Biology 35 62 Pharmacy 34 53 General Engr 34 53 Army i 3.0 57 High Team Sets—-Agr. Exp. Sta., 2836; Gen. Stores, 2806; Physical Plant, 2801; Forestry,, 2747. High Team Games—^Agr. Exp. Sta., 1036; Physical Plant, 1021; Executive, 990; Gen. Stores, 975. High Ind. Sets—G. Bennett, 570; Cromer, 569; Hoefer, 566; Gibbeus, 565. . High Ind. Games—G. Bennett, ,231; Biische, 219; H. F. Owen, 214; Martell, 213. High Team Sets to Date^—English, 2909; Agr. Extension, 2893; Chemistry 2, 2868; Poultry, 2860. High. Team Games to Date—■ English, 1049; Animal Husbandry, 1048; Horticulture, 1044; Physics, 1030. High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date—: Wykoff, 650; E. P. Miller, 642; Knoll, 631; Seaton, 623. High Weekly Ind. Games to Date —H. F. Owen, 268; W. L. Clark, 256; Frost, 254; Beere, 253. Not'ice All fraternities and sororities that have entered the Galacade skit contest are reminded to report tonight in the Fieldhouse on time according to ther scheduled time. Be on time, because there is a time limit on each skit. Judging begins at 7:15 p. m.
Boilermakers To Furnish Demonstration At Clink Two football teams picked from the Boilermaker’s spring grid squad, the “Golds” and the “Blacks”, will meet in a regulation game in Ross-Ade Stadium on Friday afternoon at 4;S0. This game will provide one of the highlights of the opening day’s program of the twelfth annual Football Clinic. The Student body and general public may attend the game, but it is i ^——— ^— being staged primarily for Tu/rt Rnllarnn nL-ar school and college coaches
I WO DOnermaKer
WreStlersEnterAAU ''•'O are here attending the
two-day clinic.
Tournament Friday
Co-captain Fi'ank Ruggieri and his teammate Warren Eviston left yesterday for New York where they will take part in the National AAU meet to be held in Brook-
Only four major lettennen, Dick Barwegan, guard; Gene Matrewitz, tackle; Henry Sttam and John Andretich, backs are listed in the starting lineup, ilie rest of the teams are made up of eleven freshmen or newly turned
lyn on April 9 and 10. Ruggierr sophomores. The two teams mdkC for the last two .seasons in dual up in enthusiasm what they la?b meets has been undefeated, and has in experience and a lively battle held the Big Ten heavyweight jg jn prospect. The game will prbcrown for the last two years and vide one of the windup features of should prove to be one of the tough- ^ spring drill that was started on er wrestlers in his class at the tour- March 1 with a surprising tulmbiit
of 81 candidates.
Six-Man Football To Be Diisciidbed As far as the clinic attendPrits are concerned, the game Will fall in between a busy day of discussion of practical phases of the grid
nament.
Both Are Seniors
Eviston has wrestled on the Boilermaker varsity for the last three years, consistently winning matches all three years and placing-
second in the Big Ten meet. As gameandtheannualcoaches’banboth are seniors this meet will wind quet and smoker in the evening, .
E. S. Stuteville, of Attica, will preside over the opening discussion of six-man football on Friday morning, which will be followed by a showing of motion pictures and a round-table on methods of shifting the defense to meet man in motion plays led by Harrison Berkey, of
Elkhart.
Injury and training problems will be taken up by University staff members to begin the afternoon
up their wrestling competition for
some time.
Phillips Men Limber Up For Meet April 17 Warm weather has brought Coach Hermon Phillips’ track team out of doors, for .the spring
training season. They are getting Pi'Ogram. Later, Ted Fehring, of limbered up for their first outdoor Wiley, Terre Haute, will serve as engagement which is scheduled to chairman for a session on special come off April 17. Hindered like uianeuvers at which the disciisMon coaches all over fhe country for the leaders will be Milt Piepul, Cathwant of material, Phillips has about edral, Indianapolis; Max Kidd, twenty-five men out for the team, Barzil, and Pete Kovachic, Whiting, most of whom are inexperienced. Miami Coach Gives Signal Talk Graduation Takes Toll ^ ^“‘^1 blackboard meeting ^ , 1, j-t. 4. before the game, Sidney Gillman, Coaches all over the country are 4, . .... . , . , , . , 1 , assistant football coach at Miami
hindered this- year by lack ot mar terial. The University will lose a few of their men by graduation or call to the services in April which
is just about the beginning of the spring track season. So far the outside activities have consisted mostly of loosening up races such as sprints and relays, but some long distance running will start. ,
♦
Can Supply You willi ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
‘^Sure iCs a swell Arroiv Tie— V But what will the Admiral say • What does anyone say when he sees an Arrow Tie? He says "It’s swell!” Because — well . . Arrows are good-looking —- in smart patterns and neat stripes. Arrows arc made well — with a special lining cut on the bias to resist wrinkles, andpiake perfect knots. Arrows are made of line fabrics — wear longer. At your Arrow dealer’s at $1.50 and up
DEWENTER’S 416^ MAIN ST.
University, a former Ohio' State star, will take up the use of signals to meet changing defense. Jack Ryan, sports writer of the Chicago Daily News, will be the principal speaker at the ahnual coaches’ banquet Friday evening, with C. S. “Pop” Doan, assistant athletic director and ticket man-r ager, acting as toastmaster, following the banquet, there will be an informal smoker and special motion pictures. Pros Talk Saturday Morning The concluding session on Saturday morning will feature Sid Luckman, all-star pilot of the Ghi- i, cago Bears, and Mike Michalskej head coach at Iowa State College. Luckman, an acknowledged leaderin the professional game, will speak On “Quarterbacking the T Formation,” while Michaiske, a fothler pro star, will outline the fundamentals of line play. A special section of seats will be available for the visiting coaches for ■ the exhibition baseball gamebetween the Chicago White Sox and the Indianapolis Indians on Satur-
day afternoon.
IM ScheduleB
BASEBALL
Thursday, April 8
4:15
Diamond 1 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 2 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 3 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Sigma. 4 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 5 Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
6 Sigma Pi vs. Beta Theta Pi. 7 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. S Sigma C^hi vs. Sigma Alpha ■ Mu. 9 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu, Games not played Wednesday because of the rain will be made lip at a later date.Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Titursddy, April 8, 1943
Coeofs To Display ‘Muscles^ Tonight Modern Dance, Triton Clubs, Freshman Physical Ed Classes To Entertain At Open House In Memorial Gym Open House will be held by the Women’s Physical Education Department tomoiiow evening at 7 15 in the Women’s Memorial Gym to demonstiate class woik Opening the progiam, members of Tuton Swimming Club will demonstiate ballet swimming, lelay races and watei polo, the Life Saving Coips will also put on an exhibition Following this demonstiation, fieshman coeds fiom physical fitness classes will exhibit ex
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ercises, tumbling and leaping learned in then piogiam Marching, a p p a i a t u s woi k with the buck and horse, lope lumping stunts, and obstacle laces will be peifoimcd The oh Stacie couise will include weiMiie 111 and out amone chui-s climbine laddeis, ind lumpinii o\ei a foui foot box Sophomoie acti\uie« wi 1 be pie ■rented it 8 05 p in Tip dincin^ classes w ill deiiionsti ite buck waltz, and soft shoe ionline Bad mirtoii and fcncnio, \ ill also be shown Modern Dance Club Repeats Repeating the piogiai gi\en a few week ago the Modem Dance Club will featuie an infoinial deni onstiation of technique and dance composition including swings leaps mixed inetei and falls Following this it w/ill piesent a gioup of South yniencan folk dances and dances fioni the southwest The Dance Club IS sponsoied b-^ the Women’s Athletic Association and has been actiie foi six veais Theiesa Bell lb its faculty advisei Eleanoi Seiban is acting as piesident Ending the piogiam at 8 45 p in membeis of Tiiton Club will lepeat the demonstiation given at the be ginning of the eiening
Galacade
(Continued fioni page 3) be hei umteenth Boileimakei swim show she has nevei missed one duiing hei seventeen \eiis Stn\e For New Recoid Papenguth s ihinie pioteges will be given the chance to show then speed in the pool The 400 ^ ai d lelav team composed ot Fiank Knot, Gene W''omble Don Leach and Glen LaB w will ittempt to establish a new fiosh iccoid in this event Phil Hansel and Geoige Lyon will attempt to shattei the 200 \ iid fieestyle lecoid This lecoid is held by Veinon Hansel one ol last veai’fa veteian vaisity team Phil IS the youngei biothei of \cin so he is especially detei mined to beat the old time est iblished bv his
biothei
Sports Shorts Russ Wendland, captim of Noithwestein univeisitys 194^ basketball team that placed thud in the Big Ten standings ^was awaided the Don McCaines Me moiial medal which is given e ich veal foi sei vice to the team T he medal is in honoi of Don McCaines a membei ot the 1941 teiin who was the fiist Noithwestein athlete to die in Woild Wai II He was killed in the clash of an Aimy training plane T he fii st i ecipient of the medal was Don Kiugei who IS now in the Naw
Otto Giaham Noithwestein uni veibitj s basl etball ai d lootball fetal, will veel his thud \usitv lettei of the vcai and In'- sixth ni two yeais when he lepoits ioi the baseball team thi'~ spimg Otto who plavfe halfback on the lootb ill team and loiwaid on the has! ctb ill team is an outficldci m liascb ill Giaham who will captuii next jeai’s cage team w i'- cleetc 1 the most valualile incinbci oJ the 1042
team
Ed Sees Red On First Date Young mens 1 met in spi ing as at all othei times tin ns to women and one ed of whon we heaid is no exception Seeing a pi etiy coed in the libi ai y le asked his fiiend lO get hn i i date with hci foi i ^how Situiday eve inn,, Shewistowcai iiedswcalci since he w i it suie thiL he could 1 enici ibei hei On Satiud ly nisht oui hoi o cahen 101 his date at WRH Instead of one „n> fecven ,,nlb in i cd sweitcis came down to meet him Much cm baiiassment enbucci until he finally chose the ii,,ht one vowing chit the next time he would lool nioie cue fully befoie he leiped Personnel Notes Companies scheduled tc visit the
c impus
RC V Mnnut iclui ing Co Int In diinapolis Indinii—Apiil 9 Intel ested in Apiil oi August MF PSE Reveic (oppei A Biass Ing Rome N V —A.piil 10 Inteicsted in ME ChE MetE Esso Laboiatoi les, Biton Rouge I ouifeiana—Apiil 10 Intel ested in oiganie chemists Sumniei woil Joi undeigiadu ates ill Foi est Gonseivition Seiv ice Noith 4.meiican Rod les See Piofessoi E R Mlitcll foi fiuthei
details
Piacemeraf Notes For Women Ml Eail B Aichibald Diiectoi of Pcisonnel leii tvn Inc Piqua Ohio has w iitten foi vv omen tiallied in eiigineeiing di iwing foi those ilso tinned in miOicmitics nd science foi woil ii then Test laboiatoij G^ 11 295i il intciest''d (amp Rilston Dixon Illinois needs summe cunp counsc'ois Anyone inteiested call ,,05o it o icc Mis Gi ICC A Smaitt managei C inyon Inn McCoimicks Cieek (anvon St ite Pail Spcncoi In china needs ^iils foi suminei woik Chic igo Commons 955 West Cl ind Avenue Chica,,o 111 is soci il settlement desiinig gnls foi siimmei woil Jobs iie woiking with childieii and pos bond nd loom plus 1 small cash allow nice Anyone inteicsted should got in touch immediateh v\ ilh Pliccment Seivice foi Moncii (2Ia5) Coed Bowling Tosjrnamerst Safin d IV Am il 10 Kippa K pip i G imin i vs Alphi ^1 Dclti Aljih 1 Gin Omtg i vs Pi Beti Phi Buy War Bonds
Math Staff Members Will Attend Meeting Piofessois W L Ayieg, I W Buu, M W Kellei, G T Millei and Di Ivan Niven will attend the joint meeting of the Indiana IllinoisMichigan Section of the MathAfnatl, cal Association of America at South Bend tomoiiow and Saturday Pi of Bun will lead a papei entitled “Aveiages” at the Satmday session Pi of Kellei is the secie tary of the Indiana Section of the Association
1 may souml optimispc, but I think the Committee will lecommend that only halt the public’s income go toi taxes ”
Notices
Skull and Crescent New initiates who have not paid initntion fee must do so it once —KING Scabbard and Blade Business meeting for all members Wednesday April in Aimory at 4 p m Final arranprcmtnts about formal ball ind dinner will be announced PItabc check list on lullclin b ard in Armory
—HECKARD
AH Women Students All petitions for a position on the Y W Cabinet sohuld be left in the YWCA box at the west desk by 1 p m Fiuhy PACKARD Alpha Zeta A 2 banquet Thursday Apiil at 10 p m m loom 3)6 of the Union Kdkr Beeson extension agronomist of the experiment station will be priiest peaker PledKcs h ivc tickets SKINNh R As:ricuUural Education Society Pict res to le taken Th iisday evcnins, April 8 at in th balhoom of the Union
—BROWN
University Calendar Thursday, April 8
0 00 A M ieithcls liinnm
Room ,00 Union
00 P M Seieen Review
H ill ot Mubic
6 0 PM Disiii L I ui ei 11 Dll ceiois B inq
I F le iltj Lge
6 40 P M M ison c D nnt i D uiee
S Billioom
7 00 1 M 1 list A. 1 Class
lowoi Union
7 jO P M 0 hos Sq\ Entomolo^v Societv
Room 103 A^ Ilnll
7 liPM Mcstcii ( oll(.,G Vhimnae Club
Room 201 Union
S 00 P M Pi ofcssion il Enginecib
Room 20"“ Union
Today's Screen Review
Netts—7 mm.
3-09—4 31
Steelhead Fighleis—9 min.
^ 3-16—4:38
Populai Science No. 1—9 min.
1.25—4:17
Pictuiesque Mass—9 min.
3 34-4-56
Johnny Scat Davis—10 min.
V41—5 05
People ot Russia—10 min.
1-53-5-15
Maiines in the Making—9 mm
4 01—5 25
Ameiica Sings With Kate Smith—10 mm 1 12—5 14
I^ittle Bioadcast—9 mm.
3 00—1-22—5 14 Out—5 53
Mortar Board MeetinK of all j Icdpces ind aetves at 1 p m Thin day Apiil 8 in A^\S olfict ~ LAUER Tau Beta Pi Shingles for summer eliss aio available S c beddon at 360 SF Caiy Hall Fall cla s see St Clan at Tiianprle ho ise foi their shinplos —SEDDON Gimlet Club 'Ihose who w sh to attend dinner ineetinK at Beta ho se Thursd v j,ht A] r 1 8 eontact me Must have defi nite trade HLMLER I istol Team Bai quet Ihirslav ev n np: t f in Old Chestnut r om ESSIC Camera Club Fho e who hid pictures in tl e exh b t may pot them at th west d sk
HAYWARD
Newtnftn Club Monthly bieukfast in bt Marys auditoiiiim on Sunday April 11 after the 0 30 Mass Be Uur to hem in announcement eonctininp a i icnic for Sat urday April 1'’ —^AULT AH Students Ce nditional examinations Will be held n Mondiv Apiil 26 in room 102 fiom 8 i m until 11 i m —SANDERS Tee Gee Meetinp- \mU bo h Id Friday Apnl 9 in reim 261 if the Union Plans for summer will be ma I Vote on dues evcninp: meotinRs will be held —LUT7 Cosmopolitan Club Impcrtait business meeting Friday at 4 If in loom 304 of ho Union \ —DOTY Zouaves All membeis wishing to po on picnic Ihursdav April IT siprn list on Armory bulletin boaid immediately Cost will be 66 cents Mectinp; this Thursday at 1 —CROSS Delta Rho Kappa Foimal initiation Fri dav at 6 15 in loom 263 of Union Meet inK and deelion of ofFicois immediately after initiation At 6 initintion banquet will be held in Ol 1 Chestnut Room Di Corley of the Chom Department will be guest speakei —BOSMA All PIA Workers and Board Member'? Debris pietuies to be taken in Union ball loom it -10 p m Ihursdav All shoi 11 atton 1 AUGSBURGER All Women Students If vou have ml s lined an ictivities h d from the AWS ofTiee please pet one fill it o it and retmn it I the office imm liat Iv MURPHY Gilder Club He it the Airport Saturday pumptly it 1 0pm foi the Debris pie t lie SALISBURY Freshman Enjrineers All second term iicshmtn I np:inoers will meet on Satuiday April 10 at 8 a m bv sthoils is follows Chemical and Metallurprieal Engineers room 302 Chemical Et pin er np H ildinp Civ 1 Enprme is Lcctne Room ( ivil riirmeei inp Hi il Imp Eloctiual Emnnoers Room 2''! EUclrical Inpineeiim. Buildinp: M chanicil Enj. mcers (At) K incl loom 108 L to / H cl loom 20 ) Me hanical Fiipmecr inp: Buildii j. Piblic S rvue and Fnp:ineei nj I \\ C nteienoe Roim Exeeutive Biilduj? Ih IS an 1 1} itai t m ftinp
KNAPP
Pi Tau Sijrma Pledpes Ro iph r iliat on +onipht at Bnnj bi x s filled and we u old clothes Meet t ME bu 1 imp, GOODRICH C iry Hall Men All those who have net cont etod C u i n an 1 wh should pra k at n A pist si 11 eoi t et him 1% Ii 1 ly no n —CARDONA
GEI No meetinff of GEI
10th —'KiNArr SAE Joint meeting Thursday April 8 with I Al S at 7 ao p m m ropW 108 of the M B building Technical Aim on Air 1 low and Air flow Seperation will be shown Doctor Binder will lecture —-ZIMNEx Gold Pepper Pledgres fee at John Purdue 3 Mavc at 7 45 Fuday “g^MINADE POMM Banuuet at 6 p m Wednesday, April 14 m Union All members planning to attend sign sheet on advance course bulletin board in Armory Pay Chipin your
85 cents befoie Monday
Machine Design Courses All drawere in desks in drawing rooms must be vacated and left unlocked by April 21 It will be necMsary to remove equipment left after tnat time The department cannot be responsMe foi equipment so removed AUU! Debris Pictures Thursday ^l^outh ballroom Triton 7 Tau Kappa AJPaa, 7 10, PIA 7 20 PIA 7 30 ^bris Photo Staff, 40 Debus Business Staff ^ 8 Wa^ Council 8 10 Ag Ed Society, 8 20 Delta Rho Kappa 8 30
Classified Ads
Senbl ard and Blade I ull w nj, mci i I t'io 1 1 it for s il 1 I nctiee foi Sonlbiri nl Hi i Ig Bill Bunt, \ )iu Sam Brown btlt Fi 1 s I 10 1 So ith billioom Ic Ici Sm tl DC Snill H T I tbl,an loci ne I h !J I McKc F i j^-I C id n Lssen vei It ( I ( ntk Hi/ S d I r - RAFLRT
Typewriters Adding macnines all make# sold rented repaired and purchased MImM* graph woik done C J EbershofP 606 Maiiii Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds^ watehea, guns luggage typewriters AlberPa Load Office 407 Columbia Wanted—Students to deliver Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent office or call R, H.
Kroipline 8121
Lost—In men s lest room basement of Union Mindny March 20 Swiss stop watch. Wiist molel Largt reward Call Worth Y) kn r065* 353 Vine St Wanted Will pay cash for desk model I'll!) CaB Jaek phone 51681 Lost—Sh 1 rule in Musical Hall Fnday moll in„ Reward Phone Foley 6071 Lost—Lad> s gold Bulova wrist watch with two diamonds ChII Bob Smith Sigma
Nl h use Rewiri
Lost—One K E Log Log Decitrig Slide R 1 Call Baughman 8407 Reward Wanted—Lnglish style bicycle with geai shift Men s ir women s Cali Mast "264
Vcritultural Ldi; c ilui il I luc tl n lal 1 11 i 1 >
iti n Society Tl e Ae, Five senior moving out of Cary Hall b ict> 11 tur< will be Woul 1 liK rcsiuencc for summer t<rm Will T L A] 1 1 h it e lei f iternit> Call Room 40" Cary BROWN Hill
Good news from this sector!
JUST 5 DAYS LEFT After April 13 Your DEBRIS will Cost You 84.50
Fresh detachments of
Buy \ours NOW for $4.00
• " - ■ y DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th ind Main SL
Phone 5701
vy-
^
Where? from
West Desk of Union
Debt’s Office or Salesmen
SHIRTS + TIES 4- HANDKERCHIEFS
SIZE FIXT* Shirts in Spring's new colors, clear bracing pastels with plenty of cheerio. Ties that hit the same tone, and bordered handkerchiefs that blend. Perfect teamwork that makes dressing easier. And don t forget the good bas’c Manhattan white shirts of top drawer quality and all occasion purpose. Come in today and equip yourself with a Manhattan wardrobe. If it s Manhattan it s right.
Lill Dcodiuc liot ijutli I on Noithwestein univn itv s tidcl team and tullbad in the i lotl ill team was boin m Bueina Rum uii t He neailv iell oveiiomd wh n he eame to this_^tounti \ it the age ol two Bill who w IS valeclietoi 1 in ol hife high school el iss at Kajieivilh 111 IS taking a pie medie eoiise Next to getting stiaight A m his fetudies he obtains gieatest s iti faction in hafiUng his M iklcat teanimates with eaid tiiil s Jaek Duel V holdei oi the ( hi cago difetiiet junioi goli ehampioii ship, will he a iiishmin e indidate loi the Noithwestein umveisitv golf team this spi inj ( oaeh 1 ed Payseui will have thui lettei mm available loi this yeai s te un m eluding Gapt John Solt/ liuit Abiahanife and Kdwaid Gieti BtoHz wab a quaitei finalist m last veai'b national eollegiate eham pionship
Keep Yoyr Appearance Without Letting Your Couiitry Down! (rowii clcciniiig will iiol only improve your Personal Appt’araiiee, but will pres<*rve llie labrie, too. You serve ivinm yon eoiiserv<‘. Clean elollies last ionj^er. Crown Laundry
6E!SLER’S
FINE DRY CLEANING
Avtia^c fabric iluinki Ol Ic'x Miniciin cl u cl Collai Perfect too