i)
1,
' jJ* ^ ‘t ‘I-') *'
%
VOLUME XLVIII
Pub|isl^e4 Daily by Students of Purdue University. LAFAYETTte, INDIANA, THURSDAY, APRIL 22,' 1937
ISxpjCfni^xit
%ym \ 'a, yf J -.M
NUMBER 137
/
Estey To Giye Second Talk
<
On Marriage Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the departments of history, economics, and government, will deliver the second in the series of marital lectures to seniors this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. His topic will be, "The Economic Aspect of Marriage.” These lectures, which are open to-both senior men and women, were instigated five years ago by Earl Butz, former editor of Exponent, and now instructor in farm management department. There will be one more lecture which both sexes may attend. The last two lectures this year will be open to male students only.
AChS Hears Review Of Chemical Papers Brief reviews of the outstanding papers presented at the spring convention of the American Chemical Society at Chapel Hill, N. C., will be given at the monthly meeting of the University division of A. Ch. S. this evening at 7:30 in room 106 pf the Cheipistry Building. Members of the University staff, including Prof. R. E. Nelson, Dr. H. B. Hass, Prof. R. F. Newton, and Prof. Herschel Hunt, of the chemistry department; and Prof. H. R. Kraybill, M. H. Thornton, E. V. Walter, and Dr. S. M. Hauge, of the agriculture department, will be the speakers at the meeting.
April 22, 1937 THERE seemed to be a million of the black devils. I trembled all over. The test of fire and sword was at hand. The biggest batch was on my left. Thinking to surprise them I attacked suddenly and^ mowed down a score of them. Reeling quickly to the right, I accounted for a couple of dozen more. Still . . —30— HUNDREDS were left facing me. I became quite desperate and took wild shots in all directions. Still their bristling ranks would not thin. My arms ached terribly; it seemed as though I had been battling for hours. I knew the end was near . . -SOCALLING on my last bit of strength, I cleaved about me until unconscious, I sank in a heap. My first effortless shave with a new electric shaver was ovef! —30— WOULp you believe it... a Master of Science degree is worth one dollar and a half! A graduate of Stevens Institute of Technology tells us that he works for a wellknown telephone company as consulting engineer, designing new cable. He already had a Master of Engineering degree, but remained at his studies untjl he got his M. S. Upon the completion of this feat, the company generously raised his salary a buck and a half . . . —30— IF reports coming to this office are true, the next issue of “Who’s Who” in Germany will be published in loose-leaf form . . . —30— NOT long ago a young lawyer, pleading his first case, had been retained by a farmer to prosecute a railway company for killing 24 of his hogs. Ue wanted to impress the jury with the magnitude of the injury ... “Twenty-four hogs, gentlemen, twenty-four . . . twice the number there ih the jury box!” . . . —boat the University of Michigan, 26 members of the Student Workers federation this week picketed the Ann Arbor bowling alleys protesting the firing of three pin boys who sought a collective bargaining agreement to obtain a minimum wage and seniority rights. Six women students were in the picket line.
Chansonelt^
Melba Grove, member and director of the “Charming Chansonettes,” girl singing trio, featured by Paul Barker and his orchestra.
PIA To Give Spring Formal Dancing to the music of Paul Barker’s 13-piece Indianapolis orchestra, Purdue Independent Association members will climax their social activities of the school year at their annual Spring Formal to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom Friday night. Spring Attire Numerous inquiries have come into the PIA office as to the style of dfess expected. Officials in charge o| the affair announced yesterday that the regular spring formal outfit, consisting of dark trousers with white coat or white flannels with dark coat will be appropriate. Dress shirts will not be necessary. All P. I. A. members will be admitted to the dance free of charge upon presentation of their membership tickets. Non-members must pay a membership fee of one dollar,
New Members Meet With Trustees Members of the University Board of Trustees held their regular meeting yesterday afternoon and evening. The two new members of the board attended their first meeting were Dr. Kathryn McHale of Washington, general director of the American Association of University Women, and John W. Wheeler, ’16, graduate, assistant vice-president of the Burlington Railroad. All members of the Board were present, and attended a dinner in their honor last night, at which James Noel, of Indianapolis, ’93, was speaker.
Elephants Rescue Muid-Stuck Circus Amid frequent showers, a slightly flooded levee and mucky ground, Tom Mix and his circus cohorts left Lafayette after a successful two performance dqy. The crew had difficulty in moving the 174 trucks that carry the circus until the elephants were called on to lend a helping hand. It was 7:30 in the morning before the last truck had left for Anderson, the next town on their tour. Students Out Many students sought entertainment at the first circus to come to Lafayette this year. Tom Mix and his celebrated horse, “Tony,” were the center of attraction. The highlight of the performance was the elephant who bowled and kept his own score.
Alpha Chf s Name Meyer Convention Delegate Mrs. Herbert Meyer was named delegate to the national convention of the Alpha Chi Omega sqrority at a meeting held Tuesday evening at the home of Mrs. A. E, Mnlsbary. The convention will be held at Muny Glaciers Hote|, in Glacier National Park, June 28 to July 3.
Debris To Feature More Pictiires And Pages; Personality Section
By Hugh Forster Excellent photography, unusual make-up, and a wide variety of material make the 1937 Debris a technical worlq of art. The annual is now being printed at Fowler, Ind., in a shop which publishes many college books each year, including those of Michigan and Indiana Universities. Printing technicians there maintain that the Debris will be the outstanding annual in the country this year. It will wear a padded cover of two-toned bluish gray when it is distributed early in May. 90 Percent Pictures Containing over 100 pages more than last year’s book the 1937 Debris IS 90 percent pictures. The theme is keyed to modern times and built around the University radio station, WBAA. The senior section is handled in a novel manner. The seniors are
divided into schools which are then treated separately in sections. Each school section is opened by a night picture of that school’s building. The professors of that school are next shown, then the honoraries of tile school followed by the seniors and their records. Personality Section The beauty section, or as the Debris editors call it, “The Personality Section,” is informal. All pictures were taken by professional photographers showing the personality girls of the campus, sipping cokes, striding across snow-blank-eted campus, peering through the rain-drenched windows, and indulging in other pastimes popular with Purdue co-eds. The snapshot section, showing campus notables in informal and sometimes humorous poses is larger than usual and is characterized by many excellent pictures.
Sports Program For Spring Spree Now Complete The schedule of games for the Spring Spree, faculty-student gettogether to be held this Saturday at Ross Camp is complete, and the event promises to provide an afternoon of real fun for everybody. The picnic, which is spo|^sored by Alpha Phi Omega, National Scout fraternity, is called for 2 o’clock, and wil start with a treasure hunt, with a number of ten, five and one dollar bills as prizes. The next event on the program will be a tug-of-war, with a team composed of the cream of the faculty on one end of the rope and the flower of the student manhood on the other end. General Sports Program After these two main events, a general sports program will be run off, with a student-faculty baseball game, horseshoes, and threelegged races included. About five o’clock, after everybody has worked up an appetite, a plenteous supply of food will be served. The affair will be over by 7 o’clock which will allow plenty of time to get back and cleaned up for the evening’s social entertainment.
CosmopolitatjL Club Postpones Program International Night, an annual event, sponsored by Cosmopolitan Club, which was originally scheduled to take place tonight, has been postponed until a later date. The date has not as yet been announced.
Kappa Delta^ Rho Kappa Delta Rho anounces the pledging of the following men; G. W. Poto, Hammond; P. D. Rensenhouse, Scarsdale, N. Y.; L. L. Bushong, Anderson.
Engineers Plan Open House As a part of Gala Week and High School Day, the engineering schools will conduct open house from 7 till 10 p. m. on April 30. Scheduled tours and guides have been arranged for those wishing to see the various schools in full operation. In the electrical school, visitors will have a chance to see the University radio broadcasting station, WBAA, working as well as the opportunity to view, the experiments being conducted in the television laboratory. Tests on coils and high frequency will be run in the high voltage laboratory. Students will run experiments in the steam and refrigeration laboratories in the mechanical school. Pour Iroji Students in the civil enginjeering school will conduct tests on materials in the testhig laboratory. The Michael Golden shops will feature pouring of iron in the foundry shop. Chemical engineering students will conduct experiments in the quantitative and qualitative laboratories of that building. All major laboratories in the enginering schools will be running on routine schedule that night.
Students Strike For Peace Today; Meeting In Fowler Hall At 10 Students should indicate their opinions relative to peace problems now. Next year may be too late! These were the assertions of Wisconsin’s Senator Robert LaPollette in a radio address to the students of America yesterday afternoon. Senator LaFolIette’s speech served as a prelude to a nation-
wide
Chicago Dads Club Will Meet Tonight 'Fathers of Purdue students living in the Chicago area will meet this evening at 6:30 at Henrici’s Restaurant in Chicago, according to J. W. Favorite, La Grange, 111., president of the club. Dr. E. C. Young, assistanjt dean of the graduate school; Ward Lambasketball coach; G. Stanley ■Meikle, director of the University Research Foundation; and T. R. Johnston, director of public relations; will be on hand to discuss various phases of University work.
Hanley, Harvey, Take Leads In New Playshop Production, ,^‘Martinie”
By Don Muller ' Jean Hanley of “Ivory Door” fame will take the lead in the greatest love story that Playshop has ever produced, '‘Martime,” a French romance in three acts. The play will be presented on Mother’s Day in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. Julien The Lover Opposite Miss Hanley is Douglas Harvey, as Julien, the lover. And where there’s love there’s a triangle, with Harvey’s rival portrayed by Jerry Ciral as Alfred. The play proceeds at quitd a merry pace with both Julien and Alfred bidding for Martime’s love. One moment Julien is alone with Martime and asks her to come to him without any stockings in the moonlight! The next rpoment Alfred is on the scene endeavoring to win Martime. Love Square The usual triangle is not enough, for this play. A love square, if there is such a thing, is introduced with Gaby Roe, queen of the Union Show taking part in this nierry whirl as
Julien’s, city-slicker, gal-friencj, Jeanne. The play was written by M. Jean Jacques Bernard, and it has been translated directly from the French. H. Kenn Carmichael, dramatics director at the University, did an excellent job of translation, keeping the dialogue as close as possible to the French interpretation and the famous English interpretation by Frith. Translation Concerning the translation, LaRoy Phillips of the Baker International Play Bureau said in a letter to Mr. Carmichael “I hope that your audiences will be able to appreciate to some extent the careful thought which you have given to M. Jean Jacques Bernard’s outstanding play.” Combining an outstanding cast with an excellent translation, none of the sparkling gaiety of the play is lost, keeping you alert every min Ute of the drama.
Plan Exponent Staff Party For Saturday All members of the Exponent staff will be entertained at an informal party and dance Saturday night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. At this time sophomore and junior workers will be given Exponent keys for their work donh during the year. Following the party, there will be mixer in the ballroom at 9 o’clock, at which the workers will be the guests of the Student Union.
Arehart Receives Travel Fellowship To Norway, Sweden A. Z. Arehart, Agriculture ’ll, former agricultural agent in DeKalb and also Porter County, and more recently a graduate student at the University, has been awarded a two months’ travel fellowship to Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark to study cooperatives and the educational systems of those countries. The study, awarded by the Scandinavian Travel Seminar, will provide transportation and expenses for three such students from the United States who will travel with a larger party making the trip. Special Study ^ Last summer while in the University, Arehart made a special study of folk schools in Denmark and his interest in this work and also in the cooperative field led to his selection for the special study tour. Mrs. Arehart, a teacher in the Kendallville schools, and their daughter will accompany him. Mr, Arehart is leaving the University to join the staff of the Indiana Farm Bureau and will return there after his trip to Europe. He will sail June 26 on the steamer StaVangerf jord and return August 26
Wisconsin Students Visit Ag Campus A group of about 20 junior animal hqsbandry students from the University of Wisconsin Adsited the University yesterday for practical livestock judging, using as subjects animals from the University herds. Tuesday they visited tRe Conner Prairie Farm near Noblesville to judge horses. Yesterday afternoon the group inspected the Henry Marshall farm, north of Lafayette. The group, under the direction of Prof. Darlow of Wisconsin, left late yesterday afternoon for Wisconsin.
Religious Choir Will Sing In Indianapolis Approximately 20 students and faculty members who belong to the Presbyterian Choir will go to Indianapolis today to sing at the Convention of Federated Music Clubs of Indiana, which will be held at the Severn Hotel. The Presbsrterian Choir, which is directed by Albert P. Stewart, University music director, has been selected by the State Board of the Federated Music Clubs as the only choir appearing on the program.
Chinese Student To Talk At Open Meeting F. T. J, Yee, president of the Chinese Students’ Club, will speak on China at 7;30 tonight in i*oom C of the Memorial Union Building. Students and the public are Qoi*diaUy invited.
peace strike” scheduled
for today on college and university campuses all over the country. The peace strike is being sponsored by the United Student Peace Committee, a national organization which is composed of 13 student groups.
All-Day Program
Purdue’s peace strike backers have arranged an all-day program beginning with a morning watch in the Wesley Foundation House this morning at 7:30. At the noon hour. Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department, will lead a student and faculty forum in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. He will review the book, “Power Of Non-Violence.” A mass meeting at 10 o’clock this morning in Eliza Fowler Hall will mark the highlight of the day's demonstration. Rabbi Simon, University rabbi for students, will deliver the main address, “Higher Patriotism.” R. A. Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, will talk on “The Student Looks At Peace And War,” while Ruth Reeder, member of the University debate team, will discuss “Woman’s Part In The Achievement of Peace.” PLAN EXPONENT
Co-ed Groups Visit Chicago Thirty-three senior home economics co-eds are spending today and tomorrow on a field trip visitipg various business organizations in Chicago. These women students represent the clothing and textile department and the institution management department of the school of home economics. Those women specializing in clothing and textiles will inspect Marshall Field and Company, department store; Sears Roebuck Company, mail order house; Efisenberg and Sons, dressmakers^; and several wholesale houses. At the Merchandise Mart they will see displays of glassware, artifjcial flowers, jewelry, handbags, and lamps. Interviews On Saturday the girls will be interviewed by representatives of Carson Pirie Scott and Cqmpany, Mandel Brothers, The Fair, Marshall Field and Company, and Sears Roebuck concerning possible positions after graduation. Miss Philena Ralmer, clothing and textile instructor, will accompany the girls. Twenty-two institution management students will arrive in Chicago at the same time on an inspection tour. Today they will be the guests of Railton’s, a large wholesale grocer; Carson Pirie Scott's tea room; lunch units of the University of Chicago; and La Petite Gourmet. Frjday tRey will visit the South Water Market, the Harding Restaurant, and the Wieboldt Department Store tea room.
Nicholi ’27, Accepts Position In New Mexico W. G. Nickol, C. E. '27, formerly employed at Mesa Verde Park, Col., has accepted a position as superintendent for L. R. Allison, general contractor at Albuquerque, N. M. Nickol, who is tbe son of Mrs. Bernadine Nickol, 911 North street^ Lafayette was employed after graduation with the United States Ipreau of roads.
Glider Qub Elects Two Two new members were elected to the Pui-due Glider Club at a meeting last night, Richar^ Pink, Auburn, and Arthur M. Scott, Ckkk Park, IU.» freshmen ii| t|ie rii^hanical school. ’ " ' "
J i0 ’ MIv'
P':>
^•3
I 'gi
ln;:> f-
'%:• ■'i;: ■‘W , ■
THEFOBDUEEXfOKENT ' Thulrsday, ^
$nriiue exponent
Founded in 188S
<1
mS W^O ^^IdXeredby.
at tBe post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by carrier, $2.B0 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 8087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
editorial board of control R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
E. H. Morris
Sophomore Assista ^ ^ Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance ^ E. H. Kellogg, K- E. O Neil Bold and Black Editor
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager — National Advertising Manager— Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants
Circulation Manager-
Circulation Assistants
.B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown
D. C. Miller W. j! Giiiilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard ■■ F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
SPORTS STAFF
L. D, Wood
^^^^T^^-ZZrZZZZZZZw. K S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN'S STAFF
Afi^Edu;j^zzzzzzzzzzze^s^:^z^oussrborisM^
..Helen Creech
Advertising Manager...-
Betty Barnett
Issue Editor— D. G. Terrio
Concerning Peace Strikes
Today five campus organizations are banding together to sponsor what they term a “Student Strike Against War,” or in college slang, a peace strike. The peace strike is more or less a nation wide idea and the local groups are merely cooperating. The idea originated about four years ago when some 25,000 students (if we are to believe the strikers) voiced their sentiment against war by cutting classes and holding rallies. In four years the idea has spread. About 1,000,000 students are expected to take part in demonstrations today throughout the country. . ^ Before we make any comments concerning the strike we want it known that we dislike war as much as any other straight-thinking American. We believe naost Americans are straight-thinking where the dislike of war is concerned. Today “war hounds” would have a hard time getting Americans in the mood to fight. The horrors of the World War are still too fresh. The only means by which war sentiment could be spread
is by effective propaganda.
Peace strikers hope to spread counter war propaganda by their demonstrations today. However, we feel that the type of person who attends their demonstrations and is infiuenced by their propaganda is the same person who will be influenced first by war propaganda when it comes. The person who loves to attend mass meetings will attend. He is an unstable sort, rather easily influenced with a tendency toward the violent when his emotions are aroused. The person who seriously believes he is doing the right thing will attend. He is earnest but rather impractical and will be in the minority. Those who oppose the whole idea will also be represented. They, too, have a tendency to become violent but of course will not be easily influenced. The curious person will be there with bells on, waiting for something to happen and to get a glimpse of a “pacifist.” After surveying the whole situation we feel that such peace demonstrations are rather useless proceedings. Little good will come of the movement and since violence may at any time result^^rom such meetings, it is rather dangerous and foolhardy. “Peace strikers” should bend their efforts toward more practical and constructive means of spreading their propaganda. The peace movement today is too tainted with the essence of the soap-box orator and the cheap publicity agent;—^A. H. F.
(Ed’s Note); This column is the complete work of one “MAC.” .
FLASH ... you were all informed that “CACKY” DAVIS is bearing up under the weight of Kappa Sig ECKSTEIN’S pin . . . what you probably haven’t heard is that she only had about THREE dates with him before the transfer ...
“I fell down stairs yesterday with two pints of champagne.” “Did you spill it all?” “No, I kept my mouth shut.”
Speaking of champagne, it seems that the Delts have no other use for their bath tubs than to fill them with the sparkling beverage . how about it boys? . . . why not pass it around? . . .
Absent-minded Salesgirl (as date kisses her good-night): “Will that be all?” ...
“Big-shot” GRAHAM was heard to make the remark the other day that all fellows who go with the WRHers are suckers ... what’s the matter TOMMY, losing out? . . .
CAPT. BECKLEY should be very good at military tactics ... at an early age he spent a night in a sorority house, or so he says ...
WHICH ONE WAS THE FISH? . Delt, JIM JUMP, had an import for PROM . . . JEANNE “Sweet Shoppe” HALLAM had a date with DAVE SHOEMAKER . . . however, after-^^|“*T^t dinner JIM and DAV^exchanged gals ... to make the situation more complicated, as they turned up at the Delt breakfast DAVE was again dragging HALLAM around and JIM had his import... My, My, what these Delts
Position Open For Student Explorers
w
Pwdi
April 21—Two men
from Perdue University may soon be chosen as members of the scien tific expedition which is now being organizied to resume the exploration of the northern Navajo country in , Arizona and Utah this summer. The men may be students or instructors and must be interested in engineer' ing, archaeology, geology, or in th^ biological sciences—or in the man agement of a scientific expedition it was announced today by Dr, Charles Del Norte Winning, Field Director of the Rainbow Bridge Monument Valley Expedition.
3,000 Square Miles
The expedition is to explore, map and study an area of some 3,000 square miles in a remote region that is probably further from a railroad than any other point in the United States. Penetrating as far as pos sible by motor, the field party will then move equipment by pack train lip winding canyons out into Rainbow Plateau. Near the head of the Dogoszhi Biko, base camp will be established, and from this point the scouting parties and scientific work'
ers will push on afoot.
The expedition operates under a board of trustees, as a cooperative project, each man sharing in the work, the field expenses, and the benefits. The two men will be chosen by Dr. Charles Del Norte Win' ning of New York University some time during the next two weeks meanwhile he will receive applications sent to him at the Explorers Club, New York City. The remain-
don’t think up
WE’RE ALL WONDERING . . doesn’t ALICE PARLON have any thing better to do than rob the cradle??. . . . the other night freshman admirer, HARRY HADD called her at 7 for a date that night she acceptfed and before the eve ning had expired asked him to the THETA dance ... things have come to a pretty pass when the freshmen co-eds can’t even count on having a comer on the freshmen eds . .
READER’S OPINION
Reply To ‘Disgusted’ To The Exponent: Dear Disgusted; In reply to your inquiry in Tuesday’s Exponent, I wish to say, in defense of the Prom Committee, that the four dollars you paid for your Prom ticket was well spent. I might also add that if you and the other juniors and seniors , did not require the Prom to be strictly closed, the cost would probably be much less. I have here the approximate cost of Prom: Don Bestor $1,000.00 • -Programs 225.00 Decorations 250.00 (bowers, ballroom decorations, drayage, etc.) Tickets and ticket supervision 100.00 Police 170.00 Banquet, pictures, ballroom 400.00 Ticket refund (last year it was $308) Student Loan Fund (all that’s left—last year it was $150). I think that this takes care of the $2,276 paid for 569 tickets. I might add that the dance held at Seymour was even larger that the Prom—3,100 people were there and paid 75 cents apiece, or $2,325 for a dance that was not as good as the 1937 Purdue Prom. (If you want that type of Prom—^why not mention it ahead of time ? ?) The basketball game was in the afternoon and was free to anyone! (Purdue had a track meet yesterday—^it was nearly free! Why not mention that ?) The article in the Exponent this morning sounded like sour grapes—anyway it sounded like that.—J. A. R. P, S.—^All statistics on the dance at Seymour were received from Don Bestor’s manager. I am not a junior but I hate to see anything like this go on unmolested!
War Is Declared— On The Military Department
To The Exponent: Here it is 1 :i5 p. m. I am sitting at home at my desk with a 1:00 o'clock. Why am I not ther^? Because the Military Department was too wrapped up in their nonsense to consider any such thing as that.. . and they teach us efficiency! Why do I not go late ? Because it would take me until 1:30 or later to get to class. I hope someone in the Military Department reads this. I work for my meals as do many other students. It takes us at least an hour to complete the job, 10 minutes more to get home, and 16 minutes mpre to get to our classes. We are invariably a few minutes late.as it is—why make it worse ? If nothing else, I hope that a few pleas to the Military Department will make them a bit more considerate in the future. —Discouraged.
It happened in Salem, Mass., on Februraryi 12, 1877. The young reporter attended a demonstration of inventor Bell’s new telephone — then “talked” his story to his paper in Boston telephone! Though he didn’t realize it, he was inaugurating a new era in journalism. For today’s newspapers could har^y exist without the telephone. Gathering and spreading news with lightning speed is just one of the telephone’s countless contributions to modern life. -And 300,000 Bell System people strive constantly to make the service still better, still more useful.
Why not telephone home oftenerf Rotes to most points ore lowest after 7 P AA. and all day Sunday.
HELL SYSTKAI
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Bet mah wife can wash mo’ clothes dan yo’ wife!”
der of the party will be made up of men from Princeton, Harvard, Chicago, Stanford, the University of California, and several of the other large universities.
The names of two University of Pennsylvania girls appeared by accident on the list of men of that institution accepted for fraternity
rushing.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
with Lew Ayres - Ruth Coleman Eugene Pallette - Benny Baker
DOUBLE FEATURE
STARTS TODAY
LUMA
LOVABLE STARS Of 'AH! WILDERNESS ... glorloirsly re-united I
. . . His family
thought him an "old fogey"... until the finger of, scandal sent him I storming into action! The stars oi\ Ah! Wilderness' in a drama with the power of
Fury!'
BARRYAAORE
CexU&ux. &UC. ' TOVROffif^Hiy^
h^A-a.€
;_CHARLEYGRAPEWIN
STARTS
TODAYPurdue Nine
Purdue’s baseball and track men will provide the home attractions here today as eight members of the track team head for Des Moines,
la,, to compete in the Drake Relays on Friday and Saturday.
Seek Revenge Providing the weatherman is agreeable, the baseball nine is hopeful of making its first start in ten days against Wabash in a final tune up for the opening of the Big Ten campaign against the Maroons at Chicago on Saturday, In an effort to obtain revenge for last week’s 2-1 defeat. Coach - Dutch Pehring plans to call on either Bob Rosser or. Co-Captain “Lefty” Martin as starting hurler against'^^the Little Giants, tomorrow, holding Bredewater and Heiss in reserve for the Big Ten tilt with Chicago Saturday. Track Eentries The Boilermaker entries at Drake will include Co-captain Bob Williamson in the high jump, and Bob Lemen^in the 400 meter hurdles, and medley, foiir-mile, and one-mile relay combinations. In addition to Lemen and Williamson, the track men to leave here this morning will be Moore, Terhune, Bodeau, Knapp, Long, and Luther.
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart, so- ' prano. 11 •.!&—^Dorothy Holden, pianist. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeeping. 11:60—^Purdue Hews Flashes. 12:00—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—John Brubaker and Rhythm Swingsters. 12:45—^Home Helps and Happenings— Dean Mary L.- Matthews. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto. 1:1S—Better Expression, Loy Davis. 1:30-—Geography in the News. 1:40—Market and weather reports. 2:0O—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W. Haskins. 2 :16—^Eldith Hines. 2 ;30—Glenn Grose, guitar. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Evaughn Liebenguth, piano. 3:15—^Larry Roark,,-tenor. 3:45—Education arid Society. 4 :00—Jane Anderson and Rambling Rhythm. 4 :15—Answer Me This. . ■ 4:30—^Twilight Musicale, Johnson and Bachus, vocal. 4:46—-Radio Travel Review.
Now Showing DOUBLE FEATURE
SHE FOUND A WEDDING RING ..--.IN A GAMDIING RING! That’s Torchy Blane foryou... a yellow-lu^ed ^ril who teaches cops that the best way to be a good^detectiTp is to be a...
-also-
fighting FOOL HARD A^, STEEL—But a sucker for a woman’s kisses! White heat drama as molten, steel deals death on the hottest s,pot in the world.
Phi Psi’s Boast Low Score In Greet Golf; Play To End Friday
Interfraternity golf competition will draw to a close tomorrow if the spring weather permits the playing of the last matches. Over 80 results have been handed in to date and the Phi Kappa Psi’s boast two of the lowest scorers, with Meissner displaying a 34 for the nine holes, and Carlson showing a 39. Carrying off second honors is Sigma Nu with two 39’s as scored by Rensler and King.-
Freshman Tennis Competition Will Swing Into Action
Coach L. W. LaBree has announced the annual tennis elimination tournament, and a form entry blank has bene posted on the bulletin board in the Gymnasium. All men who are interested in trying out for freshman tennis should sign up and, as soon as there are enough players, competition will start. The first foxir or five winners will receive freshman numerals and will be eligible to try for the varsity team next year. All Campus Tournament The all campus tennis tournament is also scheduled for some time in the near future. All those interested in this tournament should sign up and pay the ten cent entry fee in the intramural office. If the office is closed the name and telephone number should be written on an envelope and dropped in the door. The Interfraternity Tennis Tournament, weather permitting, will start tomorrow. To date 30 fraternities have signed up to enter the class “A” doubles and singles contests.
3 Sororities Take Part In WAA Bowling Finals
The final game in the W. A. A. bowling tournament will be played tonight at 7:15. Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Pi Beta Phi, the sororities participating in the game, are the winners of three bowling leagued. Three alleys will be reserved for the teams of these organizations so that they may bowl simultaneously. The managers are Marjorie Charles of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Barbara Dobson Of Kappa Alpha Theta and Ruth Wiley of Pi Beta Phi. Miss Marian Russell is the faculty advisor and Irene Boehm is the student chairman Of the bowling activities.
FAMILY
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
SHE LIKES MOUNTAIN MUSIC! EspeciallY as sung by genial . Gene. Not an empty moment O in "The Old Conar'i
Frosh Track Trials Be^
By B. D; Witwer Today and tomorrow the silent sentinels who watch over the stadium will see the struggling freshmen track aspirants going through their first preliminary time trials of the season, as coach Allen callously stands back and measures their vibrating human efforts with a cold, mechanical time clock. Next Week Counts These dashes will merely be the warm-ups for the real test to come next week-end when the frosh team starts into action. From then until the end of the season performances will be cataloged to see who carries off the cherished numerals When it is all over. So far the yearlings have six telegraphic meets on deck with a possibility of another. On May 6-7 they meet Notre Dame and Chicago; on May 13-14 they tackle Iowa and Ohio State; and on May 20-21 they come up against Northwestern and Indiana. The other meet which is undecided as yet, is to be with Illi-
nois.
Field Events Wealt Coach Allen said that the teanf has a good representative number of runners but that it is weak in the field events. He said that the close of football practice would probably release some husky discus and javelin hurlers so that the group ought to be well rounded Out by the end of the season.
Purdue Golfers Meet Ramblers In Match Toda)^
Purdue’s golf squad will make its second start of the season here today as it tackles the powerful Notre Dame combination in a dual meet at the West Lafayette Country Club cour^e^^^Although the Irish will rule aS/CTron^ favorites, the Boilermakers are hopeful Of making a strong showing. Foursomes Capt. Bob Smith, Gene Anderson, Carl Freese, and John David will represent Purdue. In the morning foursomes. Smith is expected to team with Anderson and David with Freese, The individual matches will be played in the afternoon. Following the Notre Dame match, the golfers will leave for Ann Arbor, Mich., tomorrow morning to meet Michigan’s almost perennial Big Ten champions in a dual meet on Saturday.
Announce High School Mathematics Winners
Winners in the sectional high, school mathematics 'tontest, held at the University on April 10, were announced recently. There were 16 contests held, covering the; entire state, and the 60 highest in each division will be eligible to compete in the State finals at Indiana University, April 30. Those qualifying in the local contest for state competition included Algebra—Mildred Kemmer, Walter Neubauer, and Marcia Young; in Geometry—Richard Ball and Betty Byers, all from Jefferson high school.
•leiaer's^... ..v.choiee By Bob-Walpole IIIj II uiimiir-
Four Additional Co-eds Receive IntemCships
Four more home economics students, not listed in yesterday’s Exponent, have received appointments to hospital interneships. Mary Tyler, Elkhart, will be located at the University of Cleveland Hospital, Cleveland, O.; Margaret Watson, W. Lafayette, at Beth Israel Hospital, Newark, N. J. ; Jeanne Hunter, Williamsport, at the Cincinnati General Hospital, Cincinnati, 0.; and Wilbella Lee, South Bend, at the Western Pennsylvania Hospital, Pittsburgh, Pa. '
ARC
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
Kermit Maynard
“Wild Horse Roundup’ —and---The Jones Family
“Back to Nature” Crash Corrigan ■ ' . in “Undersea Kingdom”
Boilermaker Baseball Biography Number 2 . . . Co-Cap|^iin Oris Wayne “Lefty” Martin . . . known by his nickname at home, on campus, and on the baseball diamond .. Lefty has a twin sister named Iris . . . hence the Oris ...
fc— ,■
Born in Oaktown^ Indiana, on April 18, 1914, Lefty has moved to and fro in that vicinity, attending high school at a town near Franklin called Trafalgar . ; . he graduated in 1932 . . . then entered Indiana State Teachers’ College to major in Industrial Arts and Physical Education ... he won his baseball numerals his freshman year at that place, but transferred to Purdue in the fall of 1933 ...
—^fc—
Several weeks ago Lefty was the victim of scarlet fever, the effects of which have slowed him up a bit . . . , however, to take a good look no one would guess . . . he stands five feet, nine inches tall, weighs 160 pounds, has sandy light brown hair, blue eyes, and a trace of freckles ...
—fc—
Martin has been an enthusiastic worker in his short 23 years of life and has copped any number of prizes . . . beginning in 1929, Lefty was the state champion in the 4-H health contest, and went on to win a blue ribbon in the National Contest ...
fc ■
Lefty is much too modest to tell all, so we had to go elsewhere to find a few of his accomplishments . ...» incidentally, Martin is quite a politician ... a year ago he was chairman of the Junior Prom Committee ... he spends all of his spare time putting himself through school working for the State Veterinary Department. . . a senior in the Ag school, he is majoring in dairy manufacturing . . .
—fc—
Lefty is one of the veteran hurh ers on the Boilermak^ 1937 squad ... he played outfield in high school shifting to the mound his senior year . . eight major letters are among his rewards as a high school student, and to date he has collected numerals and two m^jpr letters at Purdue . . .
—^fc—
Oris says he doesn’t care for the movies ... he much prefers dancing * . . baseball is his hobby, but all athletics are prime in his estimation . . . he is a member of Gimlet . . . Skull and Crescent Alpha Gamma Rho ...
. —fc—
After yesterday, we aren’t speaking to that unfortunate individual who wears the baby blue and pink ... you know . . . Lilly Ohaver . .,
w
Yhe thlnklnir fellow eaUo A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cfua for Special Occaaiona 26c per paaaenser any part of tho city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB .CO.
Service
P
iRINTING.
Offiet Stalioiitry.. Vaddins InviUlioiii Galas Books,Etc...
PHONE • , r*j2 6 2 8' CASSEL’S 4081FERRV
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Strei^t
C. CARTER for ' Mower Grinding and < New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
Closing Out ^ Price
Art Colors I.SPERBHDW
m-U Main
standings
—National LeagueWon Lost Pet. Philadelphia 2 0 1.000 St. Louis 10 1.000 Pittsburgh i 0 1.000 New York 1.0 1.000 Chicago 0 1 .000 Brooklyn 0 1 .000 Cincinnati . 0 .1 .000 Boston 0 2 .000
SPABRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Boston
Won Lost I .' ■ A
1.000
Dettoii .......
1
0
i.m
St, Louis ....
. ........ 1
0
1.000
Washington
...1
1
,500
Philadolphia
1 ■
1
.500
Chicago .......
0
1
.000
Cleveland ...
0
1
New York ..
0
1
.000
' St. Louis,
-Resnlts — 15; Chicago,
(A) 10,
All other games rained out.
Homer’s Flower Shop . Quality Flowers Main at 7th ' Phone 6050
SOLE DISTRIBUTOR for
PALM BEACH in West Lafayette
SOUTHWORTH'S
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H.6.REISNER
Rent-A-Car Drive It Yonrself
THAYER’S GARAGE Main & South Ste. Weat Side PHONE 51784
THAT NICE NUDE ■ FEELING...PLUS STYLE
% You feel as cool os nude. Yet others see you smartly dressed. That’s the way Palm Beach odds up.
0 There are no other summer clothes in which you con look so trimly tailored and so shipshape, yet feel so unhampered, so breeze-blown, so utterly glod-to-be-alive.
The real big sensational news about
PALM BEACH
this year is the assortment of rich, darkertohe mixtures which look like imported worsteds—Bradford stripes. Harlequin or two-color stripes, pin-point mixtures and handsome solid shades. Get yours now while selections ore ot top fbrm^ Enjoy their smartness and economy today as well as later.
mingraTa
ya'niTTwa
$1A.75
eOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI^ ^ i i) H ^'' j
‘t’ f-^^l
f *>^
-'■ p ’^i(.w V ,
V ^^C J •}/'' > S'* .
Pfcfte Four
THE PUEDOE exponent
SLACKS
TYPES FOR SPORT AND DRESS
V
SPORT JACKETS PRICED AT $g95 SLACKS AT $^95 $^00 $^00 $^00 DEWENTER’S 4L6 M4fN LAFAYETTE
University Students Strike For Peace (Continued from page 1)
Four o’clock will mark the close of the Univer$ity peace strike. At about that time vesper services will be held in room C of the Memorial Union Building, under the direction of W D. McEachron. Cadet Colonel J. M. Baker, head of Scabbard and Blade, military honoiaiy, stated last night that the members of Scabbard and Blade would attend the meeting in unifoim He said they wpre merely going to be there as spectators. “Both Scabbard and Blade and the peace strikers want neutrality and peace for America,” said Baker, “but we believe in accomplishing this by militaiy preparedness, while most of the peace strikers want demilitarization ” Members of the local committee in chaige of the strike, howevei, said that the peace strikers weie divided about equally between believeis in pieparedness and proponents of demilitarization Military Statement* Regarding today’s “peace strike” a member of the University’s military depaitment stated, “The attendance of Regular Army Officers and Cadet Office! s of the ROTC unit at peace meetings is not in any spirit of hostility, but for the purpose of obtaining a better understanding of the principles of this movement Mihtaiy men aie pacifists in their desiie for peace in the world Histoiy, which IS accepted by all the thinking men as a world laboratory, shows the futility of attempting to settle disputes, in most cases, othei than by force It shows that weakness and unpieparedness on the part of nations have precipitated war, whereas preparedness would have prevented war The nation unable to defend itself has very little voice in the settlement of world affairs. Until such time as the world in general, has demonstrated its ability to arbitrate without the application of force, let us prepare to defend our land with an army second to none, and with a navy capable of protecting our shores from invasion ” The peace play, “Three Of Us,” originally scheduled for today has been postponed until next Wednesday
100 See Produetion Of ‘The Answer’ Lasjt iVight Approximately 100 people attended a production of the play, “The Answer,” last night in the ballroom of the Memorial Union building. The play, written by Rev. Ellis Cowling, is in three acts and is based on the co-operative movement. Members of the Student Co-op-erative Association produced and directed the presentation.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main str* et. Phone 2779.
For Sale—9x12 rug, $5 Books and back number magazines, Ic to 5c each. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Sophomore Union Worker*.—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24 Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLEE
Pi Tau Sigma—Baseball game April 23 at 4 p m between the faculty members and actives and pledges of the Pi Tau Sigma fraternity —MORRISON
Festival Day—Because of the great number of tests this week there will be no meeting of the entire cast as was scheduled for April 22 —TANGERMAN P E W. Horseback Riding—The following girls report to the Women’s Gymnasium April 22 at the following hours • 1 30—Mary Alther Mary Carter Mary Hickman Marian Long Ann Sickman Betty Wickard and Caroline Williams 2 30—Betty Bills, Barbara Cook, Dorothy Everhart Mary Laramore Alice Martens, Marjorie Ney, and Marjorie Smith —HAZELTON
W. A A. Archery—^The tournament contests oiiginally scheduled for April 21 will be played April 23 The following matches will be played April 22, at 4 p m Kappa Alpha Theta vs Ward 1 Ward 2 vs Ward 3. WARD
Sigma Delta Psi—Tryouts will be held at the Stadium today at 4 p m if weather permits Tests will include, 100 yard dash.
Pi Beta Phi Pi Beta Phi announces the election of the following officers: president, Janet Martin; vice president, Martha Cassell; recording secretary, Sara Alice McIntosh; corresponding secretary, Eleanor Benton; treasure!, Betty Klein; executive committee, Mary Jean Light, Georgianna Pittman, Betty Klein, Frances Raebig; censors, Joan Edson and Mary McLaughlin.
DR. A. M. IRION dentist 119*/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Scobee’3 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photp Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON Phope ?828 20^-11 N. 5th St.
R. Je^BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
The Risk Dental Clinic p*. PAWP A. W«K DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHRR A. RISK 400 Schulte Eldg. Fhonc 5701
Plumbing, bleating. Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
APRIL SHOWERS
Sometimes plays havoc with Hats HATS cleaned and refinished by Crown are repellant to water (of course does not protect them In drenching rains). It is your protection against water spotting.
FINE C L E
RS OF FINE CLOTHES
12 yard low hurdles, high jump, broad jump, shot put, football punt, baseball and javelin throw, and one-mile xun In case of bad weathei the events will be held in the
gym
-CLEVETT
W. A A Baseball—Following games will be played at 4 p m April 22 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Alpha Chi Omega, Ward 2 vs Ward 3 In case of ram first listed game will be played in gym —TOWNSEND W A A Bowling—Ihe tollowing teams will bowl Apr i 22 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Kappa Alpha Theta vs Pi Beta Phi Please be there by 7 15 —BOEHM
Animal Husbandry Cluh—Meeting in room 118 of the Agriculture Hall at 7 30 p m April 22 —WILSON
W A. A Swimming—Triton club 30 open swimming at 8 30, April 22 —WALKER
y W. C A —New and old cabinet installation at 4 p m , April 22 Meet in YWCA office —JONES
Senate—There will be no meeting this week —MARTIN
Vesper Services—Will be held April 22
5 5 5 5 5 HERE ARE THE 5 ACTUAL FIGURE ET 5 SPOTS O EVERYONE IS SHOOTING AT 5 THE! SPOT GUN CLUB 5 212 N. 5th St. 5 Can You Shoot it Out in p* 3 Shots with a 22 calibre Z J Rifle? 5 5 5 5 5
IT^ A PLEASURE TO SIT ONE OUT!!
YEAH, MAN
If “sitting one out” includes your best girl and your best smoke . . . LITTLE FENDRICH PANETELAS ... the cigar endorsed by thousands of young men the country over . . . that comes in one size and one flavor every time . . . always fresh . . . always a PLEASURE!!
Litte NDRI PA N E T E L A
FAVORITE SIZE FOR YOUNG MEN
at 4 p m. in room C of the Memorial Union Building Reverend McFadden will speak on ‘ Peace ” Everyone is welcome. —McEACHRON
Alpha Phi Omega—Persons taking cars to Spring Spree who have room for more passengers, please leave name and number of stats available at 3091 —LOUDERBACK
Tau Beta Pi—Pledges call at 132 Sheetz stieet for constitutions —TIEMAN
Festival Day—Will the following girls report to the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 30
p. m April 22 June Young, Gaby Roe, Eileen DeVault, Pauline George, Alice Harrington, Elizabeth Barmes, and Mary Margaret Helm —SMALL
Engineering Honoraries—Secretaries of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi get tickets to banquet from me at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house —WRAY.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting April 22 at 7 p m in the Memorial Union Building Very important —FENSTERMAKER.
Correct Formals
For
SPRING DANCES
SOUTHWORTH’S
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
Tixixtch^
Are you a grump? Do you hate the thought of dinner togs ? Many a man who once said—“If it’s a dress affair, count me out”—is now among the first to come and the last to go. THE NEW PALM BE^CH TUX takes all the fuss out of formals ... Easy to wear—easy to look at—it brings a man Jfchat blessed blend of smartness and comfort that makes dining out a joy—and dancing real pleasure. And its well groomed lines won’t wilt with wear, no matter how fast the pace. The price for single or double breasted jacket with well cut black tux trousers is $18.50. GEISLER'S
■f
It iff ^
h i- v(i.