\
V, '* • V '. ^/ ' ^ , ". H. '^’*' >r^,^' " '2' '\; -w’ > , ^ - i, , . . ,
H
Purdue
■Dumnier Session
Exponent
fet
Vol. 3 No. 3
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, J^une 22,1^Z9
275 Enrollea In Annual
Dr. H. H. Crane
Rural Training School
with approximately 275 delegates from more than twothirds of the counties in the state in attendance, the second annual leadership training school for Indiana rural youth
proceeds in full swihg today. Specialized informal and formal discussion groups are occupying the main attention of the rural youngsters in a program sponsored jointly by the 4-S Club department of the University and the department of education of the Indiana Farm Bureau.
News Since Tuesday
Tax Bill Passes WASHINGTON, JUNE 20—One member of the House answered “nay” when the vote was taken on the “business” tax revision bill today. The bill passed the House by the overwhelming vote of 358 to one. Rep. Tinkham (Rep.-Mass.) dissented. The bill eliminates -^e last vestige of the undistributed profits tax. Excise levies will be continued for two years.
Sub Had Previous Trouble PORTSMOUTH, N. H., JUNE 20—Lieutenant Commander Oliver Naquin, one of the 3 survivors of the ill-fated submarine Squalus, which sank off the Portsmouth coast, reported that the sub had been in trouble twice, before she took the fatal dive May 23. Naquin made this statement before the naval board of inquiry being held here. On April 9, Naquin said, there was trouble with the main induction valve, when the ship was submerged to test for water tightness. It was the valve that naval men believed causedy the accident which cost the lives of 26 men. The second occurrence of trouble was on April 20, when engine trouble was reported. Both times the difficulties were rectified. «
Yesterday activities were launched as Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the department of education, gave the second of his series of lectures on family relationships and personality traits which will continue through tomorrow morning. The young people are split into ten discussion groups to take up their own problems in round-table fashion. Three Groups The morning program was wound up with three special interest groups. Games, puppet shows, shadow pictures, and informal dramatics are being covered by one section in charge of Alma Meyer, of Indianapolis, instructor in drama and speech at the Jordan Conservatory, and F. L. McReynolds, supervisor in recreational work of the Purdue club staff. Another group is studying music under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, University choral director, and the third is taking up administration under the leadership of H. F. Ainsworth, of the club staff, and C. L. Dyer, of the Farm Bureau.
Going-Back Chiltosky, Lily Quartet To Perform
Plans have been completed for the summer session picnic which is to be held Saturday afternoon from 4:00 to 7:00 at the Ross Civil Camp, announced Jim Koehler, chairman; today. Going-Back Chiltosky, a Cherokee from the Indian school at Cherokee, North Carolina, will give an archery exhibition and will later judge an archery contest for which
everyone is eligible.
An exhibition of swimming,* diving, and life saving will
be given by members of Purdue’’s swimming team later in the afternoon. Softball, ping‘ pong, volley ball, and badminton will also be played during the afternoon, the com-
mittee announced.
There will also be mixed swimming. .Each person entering the pool must have a certificate from the student health service, and must bring his own suit and towel. /
Contact Men To Continue Thru Saturday
. . . pastor of the Central Methodist Church at Detroit, Mich., who will deliver the sermon Sunday night at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. The musical program and convocation scheduled for Sunday night is the first religious convo of the summer session.
Choir, Dr. Crane At Convo Sunday
Continuing today through Saturday the Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute will consider personnel and industrial relations principles, problems, and procedures. Principle speakers for today are: Charles L. .Waggoner, plant manager, Interlal^e Iron Corporation, Chicago, who will speak on “Personnel Ratings;” T. E. Lane, Lever Brothers, Hammond, who will discuss “What Production Men Think of Personnel and Industrial Relations Work;” and Hon. T. R. Hutson, Commissioner of Labor of
Indiana.
Indiana Water Conditions Up For Discussion
A 60 voice choir, the largest in the history of the summer session, will sing at the first religious convocation of the summer, Sunday in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Henry Hitt Crane, pastor of the Central Methodist Church at Detroit, Mich., will be speaker at the convocation.
Judge Sentenced
NEW YORK, ^JUNE 20—Convicted of selling judicial favors, former judge of the United States circuit court Martin T. Manton, was sentenced to two years in the federal penitentiary and fined ten
thousand dollar^.
Manton pleaded his own case in
Seven different elective special interest groups are occupying the attention of the young people in the afternoons. Subjects covered in the various sections, with their leaders, all University staff members, are as follows: “What We Eat, What We Wear, Where We Live,” Meta Martin and Elsie Glasgow; “Acquiring and Managing a Farm,” 0. G. Lloyd; “Say It With Flowers,” E. R. Honeywell; “What’s New In Farming,” W. 0. Mills; “As Others Like You,” Edna Troth; “Opportunities in Agriculture as Compared to Gther Fields,” Dr. Z. M. Smith; “Thinking and Talking Together,” L. M. Busche.
The youthful leaders joined with approximately 80 leaders attending the eleventh annual Rural Leader-
The musical program for the evening will include: Organ Preludes by Rosemary Robinson, student organist; “The Lord is in His Holy Tempfe,” opening sentence by the choir; two anthemns by the choir: “Cast Thy Burden” (Elijah) and “Send Forth Thy Spirit.” Dr. Crane has^ lectured in 105 American universities and in threequarters of the states of the Union, thus maintaining intimate contact with student life and familiarity with vital social trends. He was born in Danville, 111., but spent his early years in Boston, Mass. He is a graduate of Wesleyan University and the Boston University School of Theology, and did graduate work for a year at Harvard University.
At 12:30 p. m. 1. H. Freeman, personnel administrator. General Electric Company, Fort Wayne, will give “The Workers’ View of Industrial Relation Through the Foreman.” In the afternoon R. C. Fuller will begin “the discussion with his view of “Industrial Relations Between the Employees and the Personnel Department.” Contacts between the employees and the personnel department will be brought out by T. W. Massoth, personnel director of RCA Manufacturing Company, Indianapolis. The afternoon session will be concluded with a business meeting of the Indiana Personnel Association.
Cemetery Men To Meet Here
the third person, saying he was School at last night’s general
innocent, his wrongdoings being a
part of a conspiracy
U. S. Sends Note To Japs TOKYO, JUNE 20—The United States Charge d’Affaires Eugene Dooman delivered two notes to the Japanese foreign office today, protesting the bombing of American property in China and the blockade of Kulangsu, the foreign area at Amoy. Dooman presented the notes to Foreign Minister Arita, who in turn carried them to a meeting of the cabinet. Following the cabinet meeting the notes were referred to the Emperor Hirohito at the imperial palace.
session. Prof. Frank Hall, of the history, economics, and government department, spoke on “Rural Youth Looks at Citizenship.”
Dr. R. H. Carr .
Results .
... of studies made of pneumatic tires for tractors by R. H. Wileman, of the University Agriculture ' Experiment Station, have been published in the current issue of Agriculture Engineering magazine.
... of the agricultural chemistry staff, who has been on leave of absence since last August spending several months studying the agriculture of Australia, is now en route home according to word received by friends here this week. He was in Dresden, Germany, June 6-12 attending an international conference on agriculture. He went from there to London and expects to return here next month.
New legislation concerning cemeteries of the state and problems involved in soil management, insect and disease control of flowers^ shrubs and trees, will be discussed at the annual meeting of the Indiana Association of Cemetery Officials to be held here at the University Wednesday, June 28. ^ Robert J. Arthur, an attorney from Logansport, will explain the general cemetery act passed by the 1939 state legislature. R. B. Hull, of the horticultural extension staff, will speak on rehabilitation of old cemeteries. The following members of the agricultural staff will discuss these subjects from the cemetery man’s viewpoint; soils, George Enfield; insects, J. J. Davis; weeds, O. C. Lee, plant diseases. Dr. C. T. (|regory.
Methods of improving the water supply of Indiana ^towns and cities were discussed yesterday at the special water works short course which opened yesterday at the University for superintendents of water plants, chlorinators, and others connected with the important task of safeguarding private and public water supplies. It is the first regular school for water works men ever held in the state and the first to receive federal aid as a health project. Prof. P. A. Tetrault, of the biology department, and assistants showed the 55 visiting water plant men how to test water for 4arious impurities from a bacteriological standpoint. Prof. Fred L. Service, of the chemical engineering department, discussed geology of Indiana ground waters. Prof. W. E. Howland, of the civil school, is in charge of the course with B. A. Poole, of the state department of health assisting. Such topics as well construction and sanitation, corrosion, planning main repairs and extensions, and cross connections are on the program for the remainder of the week.
Summer Session Radio Club To Form Today
Women Flee Tientsin TIENTSIN, JUNE 21—An exodus of 120 British women and children was started today frqm the blockaded Tientsin area. The evacuation was said to be the first step toward an indefinite period of resistance against the Japanese
blockade.
The first persons evacuated left
Editor’s Note: The following is the first in a senes of letteis from Fort Knox, where the junior ROTC students are spending the next SIX weeks.
Dear REI:
The first few days of military life at the summer camp for junior military students here at Port Knox have been what you might call hectic. The deadline
Right now I’ll bet there are a lot of gTiys here who believe in that ol^ saying about their being two sizes in the army . . . too large and too small.
by steamer last night. The exodus" for arrival here at camp was 2
was to be coippleted by evening. The women and children will go to beach resorts about 200 miles north of Tientsin. Many of the persons were planning to spend the summer vacation there, but were unable to leave the Tientsin area when the Japanese blockade was set up two weeks ago.
p. m. yesterday (Sunday), but I got here early yesterday morning. Most of the fellows also came in about the same time. A few even came last Thursday, but they wish they hadn’t as they were put on K.P. duty (kitchen) to eai’n their board until camp officially started.
Tiny Kashner, our six-foot-eight inch junior civil, really gave the Quartermaster Corps men, who were issuing the clothes to us, an awful headache. And when he asked for 14EE shoes, I guess they gave up.
Threaten Chmese TIENTSIN, JUNE 20—Families of Chinese working in water and electric concessions have received {Continued on page U)
Checking In Sin|;e Sunday we have been doing what is termed “processing” around the camp. Processing, I might explain, amounts to di’awing equipment and clothing and getting a physical examination.
Indian Style For our six weeks here, we are living in tents, four men in a tent. The fellows from Purdue aiy organized into two batteries. Battery A and Battery B. There is a third battery here. Battery C, which is made up of fellows from Ohio State and Culver, and other corps in the Fifth Corps Area. South oi us are several companies of infantry and a company of en-
gineers from other ROTC units in the Coi’ps Area. Adding to the turmoil of the first few days has been the weather; it seems to be alternating between a downpour of rain and very hot weather. Every time it stops raining the fellows think we’ll have good weather for a while, and they roll up the sides of their tents. Then suddenly the rain begins again, v^d everyone scrambles around letting the sides dbwn again. Tents Are Modern The tents are vei-y modern and have concrete floors and electric outlets. However, we haven’t managed to keep the flooi’s of our tents dry as yet; and at present one of my tentmates, Arthur Bignall, ME ’40 and president of the Phi Kappa Tau house, is a bit perturbed because his b^ is in a big puddle.
Best regards, “KC” Houston.
Supper At 6 Following the picnic supper, which will be served about 6, A1 Stewart will lead the group in community singing, which will be interspersed by Foster melodies by the Lily Colored Quartet from Indianapolis.
All those driving out to Ross Camp are asked to stop at the east entrance of the Union Building at 3:30 Saturday afternoon to pick up any of those who might imt have a way out to the picnic.
The food is being provided by the Union Cafeteria. Officials in charge are very anxious that all tickets be procured by Saturday noon.
Tickets At Union Tickets are 35 cents per person, and are available at the main desk or from the following committee members: Virginia Baxter, Margaret Mitchell, M. D. Neptune, Bonnie Swope, Louis McKee, and Jimmy Koehler, chairman.
The picnic will be held regardless of the weather, Koehler announced?
Vocational Ag Teachers Meet June 26 to 30
Modeled after the Radio Club started last fall, the summer session Radio Club will hold its first meeting in room C of the Union today at 7:30 p. m. The club will keep the amateur radio station open during the summer, provide recreation for “hams”, and serve as a medium for exchange of technical information.
Teachers of vocational agriculture in Indiana who want to brush up a bit on any phase of the subject matter with which they are called upon to deal, will have that opportunity when they attend the annual teachers’ conference at the University June 26 to 30, when a series of special courses will be given by members of the school of agriculture faculty. The teachers will attend the conference but the program has been arranged to permit them to attend the special class work two hours .each day they are on the campus.
Howard Eckert, of WBAA, will be in charge of the club during the summer. Equipment of the original club will be used during the summer.
Rain Keeps Ft. Knox Campers Busy
The special subject matter instruction to be offered will include livestock judging by Prof. J. T. Frpst; poultry judging by Donald Whitson; dairy products judging by Prof. K. V. Bryan; insect identification and control by Dr. H. O. Deay, and grain grading by Prof. F. E. Robbins. Enrollment in each of the special coqrses will be limited from 15 to 20 men, V. G. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, aimounced.
Another one of my tentmates, ^Paul Cooper, Union president, just came in soaking wet. He star*ted out with a gang of fellows from camp, going to the Fort’s theater, now showing “Love Affair.” They gave up, however, when they got caught in another downpour on the way. Dance At Brown This week-end a dance is being sponsored for the ROTC units. The dance will be held in the Brown Hotel, Louisville, and somehow or other dates are being arranged for the fellqws. The affair will b(e a tag dance, and the girl’s parents will bring her and take her home. Ten o’clock will be here soon, and that means lights out; so I’ll close this letter now with
FouP' Day Forum For teachers not interested in taking subject matter instruction, arrangements have been made for participation in a four-day forum where the nation’s leading economic thinkers have been scheduled for addresses. The forum will concern “What is a Desirable National Agriqultural Program?” with sections on background, the 'place of government in modern society, regionalism, nationalism, internationalism, and problems of social adjustment and administration. J. H. Pearson, agricultural agent for the U. S. Office of Education, Washington, D.-C., will be present to discuss “Developing Comprehensive Programs of Supervised Practice,” and “Developing Effective Local Programs of Work in Chapters of Future Farmers of America.”IPRW
1S§
ISI
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thii^ak^, jiiile 22,1dd9
If You^ve Wondered . . .
.. . why the Union and other l^mpus buildings are still the same buzz of activity that they were during the regular school year, and if you’ve wondered what all those strange faces are doing on the campus, just take a glance at the summer session calendar. At least ten special training schools, conferences, clinics and educational exhibits have blade Purdue their convention center for the summer^ Already over 2,765 persons have come to the campus seeking information and new developments in their particular line of inter^est. By providing the best in living conditions, programs, and personnel for these conferences, the University has clinched its long standing reputation as an educational center. The University departments and faculty that have had a hand in building up this reputation are to be congratulated on their part in this educational advance that Purdue is leading. The Exponent has, and will continue to help in any way possible to make these conventions a success because we know that such movements are making for a wider ^nd
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year arid weekly during the summer session. Summer mail subscription $0.60.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D. G. Terrio ; E. M. Antonini ' Rolfe Jenkins J, H. McKee, Jr.— —_
(.f Editorial Director .^.Advertising Manager : Sports Editor Associate Editor
Editorial Business
OFFICES ^ ^..tJnion Bldg., Room E—4005 312 N. Fifth, Lafayette—5038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York; N. Y. Chicago . Boston . San Francisco Los ANGELES . Portland - Seattle
Member Associated Collegiate Press
greater reputation for the University.
House Mothers Hear McGuire, Gamble Talk
Miss Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods arid housekeeping’, Women’s Residence Halls, gave a demonstration on planning and serving a party Tuesday afternoon for the shousemothers’ short course. WRH ' has bustled with activity since Monday, and the arrival of the 95 housemothers enrolled in the Housemothers’ Training, School, being held on the campus this summer. Fifty different schools and 20 states and Canada are represented by those registered in the four-weeks training school. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, opened the session by explaining the objects of the course. Housemothers will receive training in" house management, including planning of meals and direction of service, and student personality counseling. The immediate response to the course from all parts of the country, causing registration to be re-opened after the first limit was set, shows the need for such training. Dean Stratton stated. Gamble Speaks Professor Edith Gamble, head of the institution management department, lectured to the student counselors, gathered in the Home Economics building Monday morning, on meal planning, while Dean Stratton spoke on “Psychological Foundations of Human Behavior” in the afternoon. Housemothers compared notes in a get-acquainted meeting held in the residence hall after supper. Housemothers were divided into discussion groups according to their interests, to meet daily for the exchange of ideas and discussion of the lectures. Dean Sadie Campbell, of Iowa State Teachers College, Cedar Falls, Iowa, spoke yesterday afternoon on housing problems in the place of Dean Stratton, who is speaking before the AAUW convention, in Denver. Social Program According to Mrs. Lena MacDougal, social chairman for the house mothers’ training school, the following is the social program for this week: Saturday, 9 a. m.—Trip to the Purdue Creamery. Saturday, 8 p. m.—Open house at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house. Sunday, 5. to 6 p. m.—Tea at the Kappa Alpha Theta house. Monday, 4:30 p. m.—Tea at W RH, south. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will be guest of honor. Staff for house mothers training course will be guests.
Going-Back . . . . . . Chiltosky, full-blooded Cherokee Indian, in charge of recreational handicraft at the University, will conduct with Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, an archery class for co-eds during the summer session. The classes will begin I this afternoon.
if
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Patronize Our Advertisers
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
NEW MAIN
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
was born to fly!.. . Follow his exciting, dramatic sky trail . . . thrill by thrill!
—Plus — A bullet streaked screen scoop of new public enemies • “Crime Schoo!” With The “DEAD END” KIDS HUMPHREY BOGART
MIDNIGHT PREVIEW SATURDAY 11:30
FRANKIE DARRO EVAUN KHAPP-ROBERT KENT I liATTy FAIN
LAFAYETTE
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. — T-wo Big Features — What a Girl! .... "ZENOBIA”
She brought a new kind of love to the South
With OLIVER HARDY BILLIE BURKE HARRY DANGDON JEAN PARKER —Plus— ‘DEAD END” GIRLS in
With CORINNE LUCHAIRE EDNA BEST BARRY BARNES
Starts SUNDAY 1939'S GREATEST
THOMAS RITA RICHARD MITCHELL- HAY WORTH • BARTHELMESS
T wish you’d find your glasses, Rufus — that’s twice today you’ve mistaken me for the maid!”
MARS
TODAY - FRI.
ANITA LOUISE • PATSY KELLY • LIONEL , BELA LUGOSI * lOSEPH CAllEIA • EDWARD NORRIS
5 Days
Starting SATURDAY
As Can Be! The screen’s most magnificent stars and history’s rnost thrilling stor>’. ..moulded by Warner Bros, into a picture that v/ill be forever immortal!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
In an effort to keep you suffering; readers posted on our short, short (but touching) story we did a little further snooping. The result was that we have found out that Lambda Chi Grannon sent New%irl Wickard a dozen roses for her birthday. For a reasonable sum, Grannon would probably give those interested some further advice on how to hold ywo women at the same time. This story will be concluded when the Southern belle arrives on the campus. ' B & B Joe Dolan proved his true gambling spirit by removing all his hair from his hatrack to win a bet from one of our faculty. MORAL: He who gets in the way of the family lawn moTver will have a close shave. B & B Martha Haltom is in town for the Personnel Conference—she says —we believe that she heard that im has been getting around in er absence. B & B In roaming around we find that the younger generation is very often accused of lacking the graces of their grandparents. Grandad could buy a booklet on the proper way to court his fair lady and all was simple. The booklet “How to Kiss Deliciously” was published in 1874 and sold for one thin dime. The rules were given as follows: “The gentleman must be taller than the lady he intends to kiss. Take her right hand in yours and draw her gently to you, pass your right hand over her left shoulder diagonally down across her back, under her right arm and press her to your bosom. “At the same time she will throw her head back and you have nothing to do but lean a little forward and press your Ups to hers and the thing is done. “Don’t make a noise over it as if you were celebrating the Fourth of July and touching off firecrackers. “Don’t pounce down upon the lady like a hungry hawk upon an innocent dove. “Simply take the damsel in your arms in a firm and at the same time respectful manner. '
“We may as well be practical while teaching Junior to walk!”
“Be careful not to crush her jabot (lacd* trimmings on dress fronts), muss up her hair or break her earrings. “,^\.pply just a sweet, tender, caressing pressure to her lips and then change the subject by introducing some pleasant and diverting topic of conversation.” B «& B' We have R. W. Riggs to thank for the fine research above. Who was the lass that '^‘duld motivate a man to such interesting research ? The • most interesting stories are those that remain secrets. If any one has a beautiful secret why not confide in us. This dept, is your friend and keeps sacred those things that are close to you. B & B Don’t forget to go to the picnic ^turday and get your thirty-five cents worth of eating and . B & B Pat Potter is still under the dillusioh that people go to the East side for other reasons than to visit
the Blazer. Just as in days of old—Pudgy Thomson is again holding down the couches outside the Sweet Shop, . : — B & H FOR MEN ONLY! Boys, get on the ball and start cutting one another’s throat—^there’s a nice little number from Florida on the campus—^the last name is Walker, but the first to sharpen his knife can call her “Honey”. B & B PRIZES OFFERED — For the first man to hang a pin or an equivalent vow, we are giving ONE freshly painted, well oiled, easy rolling, smooth riding, stream lined, tightly concealed ta®^ car of fresh water to swim in. See you in print next Tuesday, if the dean’s office doesn’t catch up with you before then. B & B Fred Mullin is two-timing his one and only from Muncie. It seems one sweet shop sweetie is to blame. Are you listening, B.A.?
\
LUNA
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. 2 First Run Features " ISA MIRAl^bA RAY MILLANDin
A Poramounf PIcfur4 with Reginald Owen • Gdne Lockhart — Plus —
en a song-ringmg sockeroo!
-JAMES STEWART
Lew AYRES • Uwls STONE
and "The International Ice rollies"
' — Plus — Smashing ^he Broadway Hostess Racket
IT’S FIRST RUN
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
With LYLE TALBOT WENDY BARRIE
And
Also ‘Hawk of the Wilderness’ Serial
SUN., MON. JANE WITHERS “Arizona Wildcat” — And — JAMES EitLISON LUCILLE BALL Next Time I Marry’
TUES., WED.
Also “Flaming Frontiers’ Serial
V.l
V I
1 I I
- ' I)•
# ^ thursday, June 22, 1939 Entries Open In Softball Series Teams are now being organized for the summer session softball series, and entry blanks are available at the intramural check-out window in the Fieldhouse. Fraternity and independent groups may enter, and student-faculty or allfaculty teams will also be entered. All entry blanks are due back at the check-out window next Wednesday, and the first games will be played Thursday, June 26, on intramural field. Following games '^will be played on Mondays and Thursdays, unless teams desire to play on some other specific day. Shower Halts Diamond Drill
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Rain interrupted practice plans for the summer session ' varsity baseball team yesterday afternoon. Practice will be held again tomor- ^ row afternoon in anticipation of the coming games, included in which will be the series with the Ross Camp nine. Y Elmer Burnham, who is coaching the campus team, is expecting a larger squad to turn out at the next session now that school has commenced. Weather permitting, prac- , tices and games will be held on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays throughout the summer.
Alen s Singles Tennis Entries/ Open Matches To Begin Next Fridey Tennis singles for men in summer school will begin one week from tomorrow in a single elimination tournament under the direction of W. E. Britt, Ph. ’40. All who are interested in playing in the singles tournament are asked by Britt to sign up on one of the blanks which he has placed on the bulletin boards in the Fieldhouse. Deadline for entries is Tuesday at 10 p. m. Medals will be awarded the three best entrants in the tournament. Lettermen in tennis are bari'ed from competition. All other men students in summer school are eligible to enter. Games, which will be scheduled for 4 p. m. each day after regular play begins, will all be played on the men’s courts north of the Fieldhouse. Schedules Schedules for opening play will appear in next Thursday’s Exponent, for matches to be played on Fridqy. If any persons scheduled for a game on any day are unable to appear at that time, Britt requests that they caU him immediately (telephone 45972) and make other arrangements. C. L, Mann defeated David Blitz in the final match to annex the summer session title last year. b-b For our prize sucker of the week we nominate the fish that Kimmel is going steady with. Poor sap! Oh well, some people never will learn
The Tops ill Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Eco
op6rhy
The Lahr Hotel
kr '■
(tMa
CROWN LAUNDRY
Fresh, crisp, spotless — beautifully pressed to hang with all the smartness which you admired when the garment was new. That’s the way we launder your summer apparel. Send your suits and slacks to us to renew their fine appearance.
Crown Laundry
Pitcher Arnold Bredewater To Join Elmira Arnold Bredewater, for three yea|« a star hurler on the Boilermaker baseball team, left recently for Elmira, N. Y., where he will play with the Elmira baseball team in the Eastern League. Bredewater was sent to Elmira by the Brooklyn Dodgers, with whom he signed before leaving for New York. After leading the Big Ten in earned run average during his sophomore year and closing his second season third in that department, Bredewater was forced to ease up this year due to a temporary arm injury. In his few performances this year, however, he showed exhibitions of his former ability on the mound. Sparkling Career Among the highlights of Arnold’s three years at Purdue were his 11 strike outs in his 2-0 shutout victory over Louisiana Tech in his first college start; his 12 inning three-hit triumph over Minnesota the same year; his 12 strike outs in six innings against Wabash the next year; five hitless innings between that game and his 3-0 win over the Gophers in which he allowed only four hits; his 15 inning success over Michigan; 13 strike outs against the Maroons; his four-hit, 3-1 win over Ohio State, and several brief fiings this season. Art To Coach Arthur Bredewater, catcher during the same three years, will coach and teach at Pine Township high school next year, and will coach the local Legion baseball team. Arthur was the possessor of an excellent ' throwing arm, and was partly responsible for his brother’s successes as he did most of Arnold’s receiving. Thus ends the collegiate careers of the two men who formted the only brother battery in the Western Conference, the Bredewater twins, who were intimately connected with Boilermaker athletics for three years. B & B Lover McGhee is remaining awfully quiet about his pin. Wh^’s the matter chump? Afraid that it will hurt your chances now?
J| Fielders Choice
By Rob’t J. Deckard
—^fc—■
Some 20-odd Boilermaker athletes have virtually transplanted themselves to softballers on Lafayette’s Commercial league contingents and have been practically burning up the diamonds in the immediate vicinity.
—^fc—
Included in this flock of University talept is Lou Brock, brilliant halfback on the Riveter football combination, who is belting out some of the longest hit balls ever registered in the history of local softball teams . . . Larrapin’ Lou is on the receiving end of Loeb and Hene moundsmen’s slants.
—^fc—■
Sopohomore gridman Jim Rush is whaling the daylights out of the pill for the department store, while a third member of this team is Ted Hennis, senior quarterback on next year’s grid outfit . . Swede Thursby, senior football end, is showing his wares before the customers for McKibbins
Coalers. —^fc—
Joe Dolan, “bald-headed” associate sports editor of this rag, is a member of the Journal Courier squad . . . recently “Bald Haid” made a bet with a University instructor that he would shave off a greater portion of his black, curly locks ... he won the bet . . / and is it a beaut!
—^fc—
We would like to suggest here that potential baseball players report to Elmer Burnham, summer school ball mentor, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday afternoons at the freshman diamond to practice for the SS club . . . plenty of candidates are needed and a schedule is being arranged which should be quite the stuff.
Young Heads Faculty Athletic Committee/ Succeeds Marshall Prof. G, A. Young, head of the scqpol of mechanical engineering, h^ been named chairman of the faculty committee on athletic affairs for the coming year, succeeding Dr. William Marshall, who retired from his teaching duties at the close of the past academic year. Other members of the committee are Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, economics and government; Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, of the school of agriculture; Dr. H. B, Hass, head of the department of chemistry, and Noble E. Kizer, director of the division
of physical education.
Prof. Young, a former football star himself, both at South Dakota State College and later at Purdue, has been an ardent supporter of athletics for many years and was state amateur golf champion for some years and for eight successive years he and his son, Keith, won the father-son Hoosier golf title.
WBAA Schedule
11-00-
5000-
Thursday
Morning MeloHiPs Purdue News Flashes. Margaret Canine—soprano.
Patronize Our Advertisers
12:16—“Meet Yonr Voice.' 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 45—Market-Jleports. 1:00—Melody Time. 1 16—Lugene Fmegan—vi-Hnist. I SO^-Monitor Views the News. 1 45—Edward Foley—^pianist. 2 00—Your Kadio Reporter. 2 :15—Mrs. Vera Vickers—violinist. 2 30—You and Your Child. 2 45—Treasure Chest.
Friday
II -00—Morning Melodies. 11 60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 00—Agricultural Forum. 12 ;16—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 .30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 -46—Market Reports. 1 -00—Melody Time 1 16—Monitor Views the News. 1.46—Songs and Melodies. 2.00—Symphony Hall. Saturday 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood. 11.30—Saturday Musical Review. 12:00—Market Reports. 12 :16—The Woman Shopjier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Tune Time—Charles Powell. 1 00—^Radio Stage. 1:30—Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Music, Maestro, Please. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Melody Time. 2:30—Reflections. 3 00—Paul Funk—pianist. 3 -16—Afternoon Music. 3 30—Street Broadcast— “Meet Your Neighbor."
'‘Phone 3841 826 Main St.
Mr. House Manager ...
1. Fall Rush is not ^ar off. 2. Fraternities Must look their best — Especially in the fall. 3. Huneck’s have the experience to help you do this. 4. Huneck’s have the materials also. 5. We’re only too glad to help you.
GIVE US A CALL HUNECK’S GLASS & PAINT CO.
DECKER’S-
DECKER’S
518 MAIN
Coaches Hear Discussrofi Grid Problems
"■t
A series of group discussions of ^ football problems began last night with Dr, Floyd R. Eastwood, Guy Mackey and Sam Voinoff opening the program which is sponsored by the University division of physical education for the benefit of the coaches who are attending summer school here. Dr, Eastwood, associate professor of physical education, gave the welcoming address, introducing Guy “Red” Mackey, Boilermaker tackle «coach, and Sam Voinoff, guard coach. They described tackle play and guard play respectively. More To Follow Last night’s meeting, which began at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, will ,be followed by four more Wednesday meetings in which various phases of the game will be discussed. At a " “Grand Finale” the coaches will banquet and view football motion pictures at Monticello. Next Wednesday the discussions will continue with Mai Elward, Boilermaker head coach, talking on “End and Center Play,” and Athletic Director” Noble E. Kizer outlining the administrative elements of the college gridiron game. Puttering Room To Sponsor Painting, Sketching Sessions For the enjoyment of students and faculty members, the Puttering Room in the tower 'of the Union building is sponsoring a series of outdoor painting and sketching trips every Thursday afternoon at three o’clock starting today and continuing through August 3. As in the usual indoor arts crafts and hobbies activities of the Puttering Room, thost who attend the outdoor excursions may 'work free of charge. Media available for use include oil and water color painting, pastel, crayon, pencil, pen, brush, and ink sketchiJig. Tho&e who wish to sketch or pamt will meet in the Puttering Room before going out. Bob Parks, director of the Puttering Room, will be on hand to gdve instruction to those who want it. Scarseth To Address Small Grain Farmers At University Farm Dr, George D. Scarseth, soil chemist of the agronomy department will give the principal address on the afternoon program of the Small Grain and Legume field day to be held at the University’s soils and crops experiment farm today. Scarseth has had broad experience which began as a farm boy and extended through three universities where he specialized in soil science. Then into practical work for several years as head of soils research department of the United Fruit Company in Central America, and back into soils research at the Alabama Polytechnic Institute. Since February, 1938, he has served as soil chemish- in the agi-onomy department of the Experiment Station. His topic will be “Soils and Men.” This meeting will be an opportunity for the farmers of this state to meet and know an outstanding soil scientist.
Patronize Oiir Advertisers
€TH£ PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, June 22, 1939' 0
a
News Since
Tuesday {Continued from page 1)
threats of death today if they did not resign their positions. The source of the threatening letters was not revealed, but those woi'kers living outside the concessions in Japanese-controlled areas, wei’e reported to be resigning.
British officials believed that those who had their families within the confines of the British and French concessions would remain at work. The British and French concessions have been surrounded with electrically charged wires by Japanese forces.
Japs Take Swatow TIENTSIN, JUNE 21 — Dispatches from Swatow late today said that 800 Japanese troops, headed by heavy air and nayal bombardment took command this South China seaport. Little' resistance was offered the advanc ing Japs.
The city, its population estimated at nearly 178 thousand, was not as customarily burned as townspeople fled. More than half the population evacuated the city before the Nipponese troops landed.
Americans Safe
WASHINGTON, JUNE 21—All Americans in the South China area are reported safe this evening by Secretary of State Cordell Hull, following the Nipponese bombardment of Svicatow by naval troops. United States Counsul General Whitney Young made the report to the state department.
8 Lost In N. Y. Fire
NEW YORK, JUNE 21—The heart of New York’s Chinatown burned today taking the lives of at least eight persons. But firemen, hampered by the narrow streets and intense heat, feared that when debris was cleared the number of dead would rise. Just before dawn, fire broke out in the Doyer tenament area, and spread rapidly to the adjoining buildings. It took three hours to extinguish the flames. Mayor LaGuardia said, following the blaze, that Chinatown would eventually have to come down.
Consul Dismissed
BERLIN, JUNE 21 — British Consul General Donald St. Clair Gamer, British consul at Vienna, was ordered our of Vienna by the German government, being charged with conducting an illegal news service. The dismissal '*of Gainer followed the dismissal of the German Consul Walther Reinhardt to London.
University Flyers To Enter National
Intercollesiate Meet
Three University fiers, Ray Chevedden, Chicago, past president of the Flying Club; Robert White, Detroit; and Cleveland Hyde, East Akron, will compete in the national intercollegiate air meet to be held at Kenyon College, Gambier, Ohio, next Tuesday and Wednesday, June 27, and 28. At least 30 colleges will be represented at the meet. In addition to competing in the various events the Flying Club representatives are expected to make a bid for the 1940 meet to be held here at the University airport. Events will include; bomb dropping, two classes in spot landings, and paper strafing. There will also be a special navigation contest open to one representative of each competing school.
Ether
Edits
By Hank Miller
Gerhig May Have Paralysis ROCHESTER, MINNESOTA, JUNE 20—The baseball world wondered and hoped today when word was sent out that ailing Lou Gerhig, iron man of the World Champion New York Yankies, was a victim of infantile paralysis, and would probably never play baseball again. Gerhig went to the Mayo clinic after he voluntarily took himself out of the Yankee lineup, having played in 2,130 games. Gerhig will remain on the Yankee roster as a non-playing captain.
WHY is it FREE ?
Succeeding issues, as well as this one.
will be made available to you free of charge. Indirectly, the merchants whose advertisements appear in this paper are responsible. ^ Cooperate with thiKse merchants and show your appreciation by BUYING in GREATER LAFAYETTE.
the Purdue Exponent
Bouyant Housemothers Hold Forth: One Rides To WRH In Police Car
By Mary Burtsfleld
Buoyant enthusiasm underlies the activities of housemothers at the Women’s Residence Hall, where their training school is just swinging into its first week curriculum. The school, which began Monday, and ends Friday, July 14, is under the direction of Dean of Women, Dorothy C. Stratton.
Underwriters
To Lunch; Hear
Dorsey, Elliott
Not Just Housemothers Although the school is conducted principally for housemothers, national sorority officers and staff members of residence halls are registered. A look at the registration files showed that Indiana, has the highest number of representatives wfith a total of 22; Ohio, 20; and Illinois, 16.
“The future of life insurance rests in the hands of the agent,” declared Herbert A. Luckey, of Indianapolis, legislative counsel of the Indiana State Association of Life Underwriters, in one of yesterday’s feature addresses before the 88 rural life underwriters in conference here this week. “Sell ethically and remember your public relations,” was his advice to the agents.
Imagine our sui'prise Monday night when we were listening to Dr. Harry Hagen’s True or False program and heard the voice of none other than Treva Berry, Purdue co-ed working at the New York World’s Fair. Treva was a member of the information bureau team from theNlair that competed against a team of men from Grand Central Station’s information bureau. The girls won the contest and five dollars apiece. Treva missed winning 25 dollars by one question. Poor girl! EE On the air tonight. Bob Bums takes over Bing Crosby’s place as “Me” of the Kraft Music Hall while Bing vacations. Dotty Lamour guests on Rudy Vallee’s show while she is doing a personal appearance in New York. Next Tuesday night, Alec Templeton, blind pianist that appeared on the campus last semester, will guest on Fibber McGee’s program at 7:30 p. m. over WLW. Also on Tuesday night, Mr. District Attorney will start on a new time and with a sponsor. Taking over while Bob Hope vacations, Pepsodent will air the show at 8:00 over WLW. Fred Waring and his orchestra have filled the spot that the D.A. has left. E E Starting July 8, Benny Goodman’s Camel Caravan will be heard over the NBC network from 8 to 8:30 on Saturday nights. Also on the show will be a new vocalist, 20 year old Louise Tobin of Dallas, Texas, and the Goodman Trio composed of BG, Lionel Hampton at the drums, and Fletcher Henderson at the piano. BG bought up Fletcher Henderson’s Chicago Grand Terrace contract in order to have the services of Fletch in writing arrangements for the new series of shows. E E Flash!! Next Wednesday night will see something new m the way of Lights Out programs. Shakespeai’s Macbeth has been adopted for the show and will be aired at the regular time, 10:30 p. m. over WMAQ. Later, other adaptions of Shakespear’s plays aie scheduled to make their appearance.
■■ One housemother from Champaign, Illinois, when asked about Uk University replied, “I think it IS wonderful. Even if I didn’t learn a thing, I think it is a good way to spend a vacation.” Another housemother fi’om Greencastle, Ind., said she thought the housemother’s school should be a national organization. “ One housemother likes the practical end of the instruction, another stated that the school gave her courage to go ahead with her own convictions.
Cops Play Taxi Like typical freshment arriving at school, something must go wrong. One housemother laughingly repeated a story about her friend. This housemother ari’ivei? 'late. When her tram pulled into the station, all the taxis were occupied. Finally, at a loss, she went to a nearby policeman and told him her troubles. , He quickly summoned a squad car and escorted this housemother, bag and baggage, to the residence hall door.
Dorsey To Lead Round Table
The need of the farmer for life insurance was described by W, R. Smith, field vice-president of the Lafayette Life Insurance Co., while Floyd Foreman, of the Peoples Life Insurance Co., Frankfort, detailed methods of prospecting i^i rural districts. Basic sales points in the farm interview were outlined by E. Leo Smith, general agent of the Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. Dorsey To Speak Dr. John Dorsey, psychiatrist and psychologist of the Cfuld ren’s Center, Detroit, will tell “Why Men Die” at a joint session of the insurance men’s course and rural leadership conference tonight at 8 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. A luncheon will be served in the Union ballroom at noon today for insurance men’s conference. Frank L. Jones, formerly state superintendent of public institutions, and now vice-president of Equitable Life Assurance, will be the principle speaker. President Edward C. Elliott will give the introduction.
Continuing the series of roundtable discussions this afternoon. Dr. John Dorsey, of the Children’s Center, Detroit, Mich., will open the subject of “The Child is Father of the Man,” at 1:30 in room 101 of the Education building. These round-tables are a part of the regular work of the “Foundations of Education” course being given in summer school, but are open to the general public. Next Monday, Dr. W. W. Haggard, superintendent of Joliet Township high school, Joliet, 111., ■\yill direct the discussion on the subject, “What Are Some Concepts of Education?” “What Is The Philosophy of Education?” will be Dr. Haggard’s topic on Tuesday. All sessions are held in room 101 of the Education building on the day scheduled.
Patronize
Our
Advertisers
WEST
SIDE ^ CLEANERS
You’re confident you look your best when your clothes have been cleaned here. You know they’re spotless, trim, crisp and good looking. And your budget knows you’re smart, too!!
NORTHWESTERN AVE. AT VINE
PHONE 4081
Let
The
Folks
At Home
Know
What
You're
Doing
Summer
Session
Edition
Mailed
Anywhere
50c
the
Purdue Exponent