^ > >1
k
' 1 1
J ^
a"' ;
•isii-ir
a"' ;
•isii-ir
OThc tPurfiue TSxaaneat
Published Daily by Students of Purdue p^niversity
VOLtJMB XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1936
NUMBER 44
Send-Off For Team Tonight At 5:20
Guns Salute War Dead On Armistice Day Lafayette Celebrates Anniversary With Large Parade With the booming of the twentyone gun salute, the entire University paused in its daily activity to observe the Armistice Day in silence. At the same time. Student Union President Jim Shoemaker, read the roll of the Purdue war dead, while a “Guard Of Honor,” selected from Scabbard and Blade, placed a wreath on the Roll of Honor in the Memorial Union Building. Lafayette Celebrates Amid flags, ma!rtial mtisic, and marching men, Lafayette celebrated the eighteenth anniversary of the end of the Great War on November 11,1918, vrith a parade through the main streets of the town. Led by the color squad of the Lafayette Post No. 11, American Legion, the quarter-mile long procession was viewed by thousands of students and townspeople. The new high speed equipment of the University, the R. O. T. C. military band, the Jefferson High School band, the 113th medical regimental band, national guards and equipment, and local Legionaires riding in cars participated in the parade.
November Issue Of Engineer Will Feature Cyclatron “Purdue’s New Cyclatron,” written by J. Howe, of the physics department, is the feature article of the November issue of the Purdue Engineer, which will be off the press next Wednesday. Other articles which will make up the magazine this month include one on rockets by B. D. Witwer; “Speed On The Railroads,” by M. Sittig; “26 Miles To The Moon,” by R. B. Langohr, and “Lighting The Cleveland Pair,” by J. J. Consoli. Any subscriber who has not received his October issue may get his copy by calling the Engineer office any week day afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock.
Dean Fisher To Address Graduate Forum Sunday Dean Fisher’s subject for the graduate forum at 6:30 o’clock next Sunday evening in the Wesley Foundation House will be “The Big Parade.” The “parade” which he will deal with is that of students passing through the University, and their experiences along the line o| march.
Wesley Players Will Present Drama Sunday The Wesley Players will present Jerome K. Jerome’s play “The Passing Of The 'Third Floor Back” at the Jefferson High School auditorium on Sunday, November 15, at 8:80 p. m. There will be no admissioir charged for this production, which will express the effect of a Christian stranger upon a group of boarders.
More Days To Get That BUCKET!
Prof. Murphy Will Discuss New Book Prof. C. B. Murphy, of the University history department, will review, from the southeru point of view, the new novel, “Gone With The Wind” this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Murphy is considered an authority on the South, and he will use his knowledge of the southern viewpoint in explaining the popularity of the book.
Style Show Today At 4 Mrs. Huston To Speak On “Giri Of Today”; Co-eds Will Model Latest fashions for the co-ed will be shown in conjunction with a lecture entitled “The Girl Of Today,” by Mrs. Louise Huston at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics Auditorium. The Virginia C. Meredith Club is sponsoring the style show. Mrs. Huston is the director of the Educational Service Bureau of the American Bemberg Corporation, New York City. Modeled By Co-eds Forty collegiate dresses will be modeled by co-eds. This group includes sports wear, evening gowns, and beach wear. In addition to these dresses the latest children’s styles will be modeled by members of the Nursery School. A wedding gioup will be a feature of the show. Some of the styles to be modeled havej been featured in Harper’s Bazaarl and the New Yorker. Assistants Assisting Mrs. Huston will be Miss Constance Hastie, assistant to Professor Schantz-Hansen. Estella Dix and Mildred Mills are the co-eds in charge of the event and music vdll be furnished by Mildred Rhodes. All town women, co-eds, and the home economics clubs of Jefferson and West Side High Schools have been invited.
Black And Tan Fantasy
By L. A. Jacobson The Black and Tan Fantasy is coming to town, greater than ever this year. The producers have left not a stone unturned in their search for super talent, having gone to the far comers of the globe (Lafayette at least) in search for this cast extraordinary. After hearing hundreds of auditions, the producers feel safe in saying that they have selected for their cast the cream of minstrel entertainment. Pearl Of Feminine Charm Prom that pearl of feminine charm, Mary Ed Johnston, to those hilarious endmen; “Temperamental” Raftree, “Honeybunch” Love, *Carmita” Ahrens, “Hocus-Pocus” Bohn, “Screwloose” Spencer, and “Nasturtium” Baxter (just call her “Nasty” for short), the show is filled with wim, wiggor, and witality. The Pony Chorus (of Carmita fame), again under the direction of
Betty Ann Florer, will supply numerous novel routines. Fritzi Walkey, Hugh Morris, Ruth Grimm, and Bob Heine are at their best in their humorous song skits; Fritzi is tops in her impersonation of Martha Raye. Charming Singers The producers feel fortunate in acquiring the services of such charming and talented singers as Jean Beemer and Mary Ellen Foresman. Several novel tap routines are to be included in the show by those sophisticates of dance, the Sexton Sisters. C’Dale Boiler and Ed Gross have been added to this year’s production staff, taking charge of the dancing and singing choruses, respectively. The show is the Union minstrel. Black and Tan Fantasy, to be produced on Thanksgiving eve November 26, in the Memorial Union Building.
Prof. Graves Leads Peace Discussion L. B. Saunders, Robert Henry To Appear On Program Prof. G. A. Graves, of the mathematics department; L. B. Saunders, junior E. E.; and Robert Henry, junior in the Ag school, will lead a panel discussion in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Their subject will be “World Peace As Discussed At The Lake /Geneva Conference.”
Women’s Club Music Group Meets Today The music section of the Purdue Women’s Club will hold its first Tyipptiug- of the spason this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The program, based on composers of the classical period, will be introduced by a brief paper. Compositions typical of the period under consideration will be played by the Club Epsemble, followed by a group of piano solos, a two-piece number and a violin, solo. Mrs. I. Waletfstein is in charge of the program. The Purdue Women’s Club invites all members to attend this meeting.
Girl Scout Training Course Meetings End Yesterday evening was the last meeting of the Girl Scout training course under the leadership Ibf Miss Dorothy Palmer, national Girl Scout executive. During these meetings Miss Palmer met with the local tronp committee and Purdue co-eda interested in Scouting and urged them to attain a greater interest in Scouting. The West Lafayette Girl Scout advisory council, in sponsoring this course, has aided the co-eds in perfecting techniques of leadership.
PIA Date Bureau Undated independents desiring to go to the P. I. A. dance toniorroyr night may take advantage of the date bureau being conducted by the P. I. A. for that occasion, by communicating personally or by phone with Wesley McElyea, Barbara Sweeney, or Peg Dimmick at the office of the organization after 4 p, m. today.
HardmAtteuds SDX Meeting C. M. Hardin, senior agriculture student, is in Dallas, Texas, attending the annual convention of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity. | He left Tuesday night to attend as a delegate from the Purdue chapter, and went to St. Louis to join a group of delegates from Indiana colleges and other institutions and will go with them to the convention. The assembly will be held today through Sunday. The Purdue chapter was founded in the early 1900’s and is one of the oldest in the country.
“Common Clay” Given At Annual PIA Party The annual Purdue Independent Association party was held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building last night. Prof. P. E. Lull introduced the production “Common Clay” which was received enthusiastically. Two members of the P. I. A. orchestra carried a suitable accompaniment throughout the play. Refreshments were served at the conclusion of the production.
Address By Dr, Healy Advanced To Nov. 17 Dr. Claire Healy will address the co-eds enrolled in the camp craft course at 7:30 o’clock Tuesday evening, November 17, instead of on November 14, as previously stated. Those co-eds taking the course are qsked to meet nt W- A. A. cabin at 2 o’clock Saturday, November 14.
UNIVERSITY DIRECTORIES
Directories have been distributed to the University oMces for departmental use. Members of the staff may obtain one copy each for personal use by calling for it at tbe editor’s office. Service and Stores Building. Students may obtain one copy each, as long as the supply lasts, upon presentation of their first semester schedule cards at the registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Dr. Lewis To Speak To Chemical Group Dinner In Union At 6 O’clock Will Precede Address Dr. H. F. Lewis will speak on “The Contribution Of The Physical Sciences To The Paper And Pulp Industry” before the November session of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society in lecture room 106 of the Chemistry Building, tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Lewis is dean of the Institute of Paper Chemistry of Appleton, Wis. A dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. will precede the meeting..
Art Club Presents Pictures Tonight A picture entitled “We Are All Artists” Avill be shown tonight at 7 o’clock in the Union ballroom under the sponsorship of the Art Club. The picture made possible by the Division of Visual Experiment of the Harmon Foundation, presents an understanding to good taste and design in art.
/. U, Co-eds Send SOS For Rooms Fifteen “lost, strayed, and bewildered” Indiana sorority girls will welcome places to “park their hats and stay overnight near the campus” for the Purdue-Indiana game. After exhausting every possible source of information, the girls sent the Lafayette Journal and Courier a clever plea, hoping that something could be found. According to university rules, co-eds may not leave their campus until they can give a definite destination.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Koom
Fans Will Meet In Village; Band Will Lead March To Big Four Station “Knock the I out of Iowa!” With this idea paramount in their minds, loyal Boilermakers will meet in fhe village at 6:20 p. m. to show their support to a group of fighting football players. Headed by the University band, the fans will march to the Big Four station. George Bell and Bob Woodruff will give short talks. Walt Burnell, head cheer leader, will lead the fans in a few cheers, and as the train draws out for Iowa City the band will play “Hail Purdue.” Walt Burnell has requested the fraternity and sorority presidents to please cooperate by arranging their suppers at a time which will allow their members to attend the pep session.
AMERICAN DOCTOR’S ODYSSEY By Victor Heiser, M. D. The odyssey is the personal story of a distinguished American who became doctor to the world. As a medical officer in the United States Immigration Service he was sent to Europe tq^ prevent the immigration of the physically unfit to this country. Later he was hiade Director of Health in the Philippines where he performed a Herculean task in ridding these islands of the diseases so fatal to its people. World Service World service under the aegis of the Rockefeller Foundation called Dr. Heiser and from 1914 he has served as physician to the world. The account of his travels in many little countries makes an interesting story, but more than that, the reader has profound respect for the work accomplished in combating filth and sickness among the people of every land and in spreading the gospel of health throughout the world.
ChE Honorary To Hear Davis R. F. Davis, Ch. E. ’26, will speak to the members of Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical engineering fraternity, at the initiation banquet which will be held at Wheeler’s banquet room in Lafayette at 7 p. m. November 17, Mr. Davis, now in Michigan City doing Work in the electrical engineering field with the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, will speak on “The Chemical Engineer In All Phases Of Engineering.” Will Give Keys Keys will be given the newly initiated members by E. F. Degeringj of the chemistry department. At this banquet, the names of the senior, junior, sophomore, and freshman men who had the highest scholarship index, will be announced, and these men will have their names put on a plaque, which has been made by Phi Lambda Upsilon. More names will be added to this plaque in the future.
Tarantula Spider Now On Display; Fresh Flies Satisfy Hunger A large tarantula spider is now on display in the Biology Building outside of Dean Enders’ office. It was caught by Claude English, of the Turkey Run Commissary and brought to the University by M!artha Allen and Phoebe Romberger. Its new home is in a wooden box and its diet consists chiefly of flies caught fresh daily. According to Dean Enders, the native habitat of this large, furry, brown spider ranges from the southwestern United States to South America. It has a body about one inch long and large, polished fangs whidh move vertically, enabling the tarantula to pin down its prey. Prom accurate records, its bite is painful, but seldom dangerous and never fatal.
Co-ed Debating Squad Tryouts November 24 Co-ed orators will take the platform in room 301 of University Hall at 4 o’clock November 24 to compete for a place on the co-ed debate squad. The Western Conference debate proposition will be, resolved: That the essential features of the N. Y. A. should be mqde permanent.
C-1 Wins Close Order Drill Competition C-2, F-2 Tie For Seeond; Luginbill Takes Command Honors Battery C-1 won the close order drill competition for basic military students with a score of 86.6 per cent. Cadet Lt. Col. W. F. Luginbill placed highest in the command examinations for the advanced students with a mark of 94.5, Batteries C-2 and F-2 tied for second with 83.5 per cent. Members of Battery C-1 will receive one citation while members of Batteries C-2 and F-2 will be awarded four merits each. Men in A-4 will receive two merits each for finishing in third position. Cadet Cols. G. W. Maii/in and J. M. Baker were tied for second in command examination with 94 per cent. The other high scores were R. H. Dieterich, K. R. Swinford, J. E. Burroughs, A. F. Ganier, J. E. Anderson, J. A. Kaney, L. F. Lischer.
‘BigRobbie’To Talk On China Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson, prominent alumnus, will speak on “The Experience Of A Purdue Engineer In China” at a meetiag of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, to be held in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock. After the address, the members may get their cards and Mechanical Engineering Journals.
Entomology Club Meeting Tonight President Alexander will preside at the second meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society to be held tonight at 7 o’clock in Agriculture Hall. Professor Davis, head of the entomology depai-tment, will discuss “Entomology Problems.” W. B. Noble, member of the United States Bureau of Entomology and lieutenant in the sanitation corps of the United States Army, will speak on “Sanitation And Entomology.” The meeting is open to the public.
PbiPiPhi Phi Pi Phi announced the pledging of Warren Beman and Charles Fuller, both of Chicago, 111., Monday.
Apple pie is the most popular food at New York U., according to Miss Noles, dietician of the lunch room.
Clear, Colder
WAA Rifle Squa^B To Vie In Intramural Meet Practices in W. A. A. riflery will continue until two woeks before the Christmas vacation, when an intramural meet will be held. The most skillful participants in this nxeet will be chosen for class teams wMch will, at a later date, compete with each other. Margaret Ritchie, manager of W. A. A, riflery, has announced plans fot' a telegraphic meet with some other school, which has hot yet been chosen.
By Tempy Exponent Weatber Uouse Hello again, Folks. Here I am. This is your old friend Tempy bringing you the last minute results on the weather. I suppose you have been wondering whei-e I’ve been keeping myself. Well; you see it was this way. I went to Pittsburgh and New York. If that isn’t self-explan-atory, I’ll elucidate. My tail . . . that wonderful bit of predieting ma:chinery . . . contracted “hill*^ioi|S»^ noss. I luyd so xaaxxg hiUs to paY ha which my “tail” of woe wouldft’t work. It’s cured now. 'fho wctttfcw today will he fair and colder.Page 1-wo
ir,'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 12,1936
Current Comment
Armistice For a score of years almost, we have gathered on the eleventh of November to commemorate the idealogy of everlasting peace which our fathers and brothers brought forth from the fields of Flanders conceived as the cornerstone of liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all nations were built of homes. Now we are engaged once again in pausing for one minute of one day of one year to prove that this ideal so conceived and so dedicated can endure the ceaseless abrasion of economic force wielded by mercenaries. We pause a moment in silence to rededicate a spot in Arlington as a final resting place for the unrecognizable body of a soldier blown to bits on the battlefield. He is the symbol of those who gave their lives that everlasting peace might reign. It is altogether fitting and proper that we do this, but in that one minute of nation-wide silence, let us view sincerely the faith we have not kept with those men. The war lords gave us the Unknown Soldier as a symbol of war. We accepted him, but now deck his tomb with flags, and surround him with exultant music and stirring military pageantry—the same pageantry that dressed up the truth about war and conscripted him to die in it. Wherein lies the glory ? Why does the band play? In a larger sense, we cannot rededicate the Arlington tomb, we can not consecrate the memory of the faith of those now silent men, because we have proven that we can not adhere to a belief. The brave men who struggled on the battlefields of France and died have consecrated the ideal of international peace with a monument of faith we can never match with our eloquence or our fanfare. Did they know that the world would little note nor long remember what they did there in any way but music, words and reverent silence ? Strange, how we can never forget and yet never truly know what they went through there. It is for us, the living, to unthink their sacrifice from the realm of marble memorials and reverent ceremonials; unthink our view of it back to the cause for which the cowardly, the cautious, the disillusioned, the courageous, for which they all fought. How can we take increased devotion from those honored dead when we can not see the prosperity, the plenty, and the peace for which their Tidies were paid down? It was for liberty and equality that Americans have always fought. And yet we have not borne the obligations of this liberty gracefully. We allow our avarice to run unleashed. Nor have we borne the obligations of this equality nobly. We have sheathed our human charity in a mercenary system which allows us to constrict other people’s lives and feel no responsibility. On this Armistice day, we,need not be surprised at not seeing the prosperity, peace, and plenty for which the Unknown Soldier and his compatriots’ lives were paid down. We need not be surprised that from this minute of silent prayer we can not derive increased devotion to that cause for which they gave their last full measure of devotion, and so become highly resolved that those dead shall not have died in^ain; that the cause of international peace is not lost. In each nation let it be known: the fault lies at home. Those peoples who have turned to the fanatical, the dictatorial, the militant leader; was not their turning one of desperation from the miserable state into which they abused their economic liberty and equality? And those peoples who still cling to democracy ; has not their electoral voice lost articulation in the flood of sentiment from its heterogeneous millions of sources ? The public voice laughs with money and cries with poverty. Its emotional appeal is publicly conceded on fes-
^uriiue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pissociated Goiledicite Press Distributors of Cblle6iate Di6est
Momber of National Collexe Preas Association, Bisr Ten Editorial Asaociation aEPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO • Boston - San Francisco LOS ANGELES • Portland - Seattle Entered as second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered W carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Basiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor
JLiuociotc 1
f J^itors.
EDITORIAL STAFF ■ - W. T, Hunt — —...B, H. Morris . K. A. Barnette, J. E, Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sports Editor Ajsoeiate £^rta Editors
Editor Advertisin. Awodate
lasiie Edfior-p-B. W. Eiehrodt.
five occasions and ignored in the day by day machinations of a vast bureaupracy. Our destiny remains economic. And yet, if Democracy was government of the people, by the people, and for the people, it would not perish from the earth.—J. N. Davis. I ["• UCLA Observes A Tradition University cynics who are convinced that traditions have died a natural death and that they have no place in modem college life might be enlightened by observing contemporary collegians at other institutions. In conjunction with its homecoming activities recently, the University of California at Los Angeles celebrated its traditional “Hello Day.” Name tags were distributed to classbound students by members of a sophomore women’s service honorary on homecoming morning, and formal introductions were disregarded as the Californians greeted known and unknown students alike on the campus. Members of the honorary also served as a police force and reported campus grouches to Scabbard arid Blade members who conducted court on the steps of a university building and dealt out punishment to offenders. Bruins found guilty of the crime of not saying “Hello” were sentenced to push an egg with their noses in the foyer of a large hall. Similarly, other colleges and universities throughout the nation recognize and observe certain traditions. Nicknames of students and athletic teams from these institutions have been derived from traditions in many instances; buildings and campus scenes of the institutions and individuals connected with them are identified with the traditions. —R. P. M.
Readers^ Opinions The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
Speech Judges To the Editor: There is an old adage—something about “cattlemen judging chorines.” An example of this was the recent Lodde contest. The judges, in my opinion, were competent in their own fields, but were not the people to decide a speaking contest. Whoever appointed the judges certainly made a very poor decision. Who are better qualified to judge such a contest than instructors in the English department ? They would certainly know the requisites of good speech, or they wouldn’t be teaching in Purdue University. In my opinion, Lodde contest entrants should give well organized, well delivered speeches, and should not merely present elocution demonstrations. Evidently the judges, unfit as they were, were unable to recognize thisT Nothing can be done now about this year’s judges, but I sincerely hope that, in the future, the judges will be selected with a little more discretion.—A Co-ed.
Editor’s Note: Rumors of dirty work in the judging of this contest have been flying about the campus ever since its conclusion. On the face of things, it seems that there is good reason to believe what is being rumored, at least partially. It may be too late to suggest running the contest again, but those who participated in the underhand log-rolling, if there really was such, should be severely censured.
Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responstbtltiy for the opinions voiced tn this column. Such optnions are solely those of the writer.
NEWS the campus has been hearing about INA RAY HUTTON’S BAND for more than a year, and little bits, etc., have appeared in this column and other places about INA and, incidentally, her hand—Por the information of all those who are interested in "Hot” bands — INA and Band will play in the Union December 5th ... for the Blanket Hop, Friday, November 20, the student body will be able to listen to the smooth music of ANSON WEEKS and his BAND . . . these two hands will' probably be the best bands that will appear on the campus this fall— better get your dates now, for dates will he few for dances like these . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
DICK TRCKA got in some jam last week-end—^He wrote to LORRAINE, his best gal in Milwaukee, for a date and she accepted—^He then telegraphed down to the gal involved in his Camp Knox romance—she said OK—^he shoved the Kentuck gal off on MATT KWOLEK—both couples went to the Ball and everything turned out swell until the next night — KWOLEK is supposed to meet the Kentucky gal—she stands him up—^now to top it off, LORRAINE, who is plenty OK, is still here and no one seems to know just what happened to the little Kentucky beauty.... YEA, MAN! in a louisville lobby. poor ROBBY REID is going around calling himself a fish where PETEY LIGHT is concerned—one moment he swears off—^the next you see him sitting on the steps of the new Administration Building with her. . . Kenny EBERSHOFP made an election bet stating that the one that bet on the loser was to push a
Mats - Luna THEATRES Thursdays - Saturdays Only Doors Open 11:30 A. M.
Picture Starts 12:00 Noon
Grades All through the college year one of the most common subjects of discussion is grades, with especial attention being paid to the many different grading methods in use on the campus. Everyone has one or more tales of how he was cheated or of how he would like to tell some professor what’s what. There can be no denial that a number of different grading systems are being used rather than a single, approved method. Much has been heard about a curve or sliding scale, and many instructors follow this plan. But there are scores who use their own petj systems and who would not even consider dropping them in favor of a universal system. From the studebts’ viewpoint, a universal system would have many merits. It would eliminate most of the questions and doubts as to how the grades will be apportioned. It will give a student an indication as to if he is passing or failing in a course. It would eliminate much of the confusion and cursing that always occurs at the end of a semester. Why, then, is nothing done to make some system a universal one?
SPORTS STAFF Ii, D, Wood . ,W. H. Fifleld, S. B. Grimths, R. F. Obenchain
^ . BUSINESS STAFF Buameea Mauatrer— jt, j. Hulse National Advertieiiu; Manager . L. H. Brown L^^veitbing Manager ....D. C. Miller CUreulation Manager j, p, Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF - — — — Helen Creech Manager. . Betty Barnett <n i..~..JeanneJanouBek, Doris McCartney, ^ Blisabeth Pyke
Exponent Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union electioii system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
MMin TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
N
\ DOUBLE FEATUReH
LAFFS THAT LEAVE YOU IN A LATHER!
T
— and>
FAST furious ACTION!
FIGHTING! RIDINGS SHOOTING! HAROLD BELL WRIGHTS
“Maybe we oughta make Brudder Artemus a Grand Offisahhe looks sorta lonesome down dere.”
peanut up State St, Hill—EBERSHOFF bet on LANDON and now he won’t pay off—^what is the matter Ken can’t you take a loss ???...
SEEN ON CAMPUS: the mob trying to get IndianaPurdue game tickets at 4 in the Union lobby. . . . TICKY THEISS and MARION GROVES parading around the campus and Sweet Shop in riding habits (if that is what you call what they had on). . .. Student
IN
Thur. Fri. Sat.
“THE MYSTERIOUS Plus MR. WONG” “THE with DEVIL Bela Lugosi ON HORSEWallace BACK” with Ford Lila Damita, Arline , Fred Keaton, Del Judge ' Campo, Jean Chatbnm, Tiffany Thayer LAST TIMES TODAY “THE BIG GAME”
Union office cluttered up with DAD'S DAY NEWS bulletins. . . . MARY ED JOHNSTON surrounded by five fellows in the Sweet Shop. . . . TRCKA and his LORRAINE wandering around the campus. . . . SALLY McDERMID waiting for BILL WINTERS.... JOE TAYLOR asking someone to get him a date then not taking it because she just doesn’t look OK. .. .
ARC TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY JACK PERRIN in “Wildcat Saunders” — also — SALLY EILERS JAMES DUNN in “Alias Mary Dow” — and — SERIAL - SPORT REEL
15c Double Feature 15c
LUMA
Starting TODAY
2 BIG FEATURES
THRILLSil
^«THE
ROBERT YOUNG ^FLORENCE RICE
TED HEALV JUUE HAYOON Cathenne DOUCET * ‘I G M PIctu,, o
with GUY KIBBEE SYBIL JASON MAY ROBSON
Plus CARTOON NEWS
He broke into her house to write a play ... she stole into his arms to make a play!
MARS!SiiS'8#s-.'W''4<r,vp?.y*-j"^i>?■.TiTf<-yi.p >'.-/■ '.-■'
jSl
-Thursday, November'l2,1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Face Iowa Saturday
Hawkeye Offence May Co]^e To Life
By J. A. lifibbeler Coach Kizer’s golden-clad Boilermaker eleven will tangle with Ossie Solom’s Iowa squad Saturday at the latter’s camp, in what is expected to be the usual nip and tuck Hawkeye-Purdue fracas. Iowa’s latent offense which has not clicked to its full extent thus far this season, is likely to break forth with its usual flashy attack against the Boilermakers. John Drake and Cecil Isbell, spearheads in t]he Purdue attack, are expected to be in their^best form of the season. Simmons Agdin Still, we can not forget that great Negro flash, Simmons. Even, though Minnesota ran over the Hawkeyes to the tune of 62-0, they still had nothing but praise for the darkskinned halfback. Although he lacks the blocking necessary for consist ent gains, he can be depended upon to provide plenty of worries for any opponent of the Hawkeyes. Iowa came through the Gopher encounter with few injuries to speak of, and will present a veteran line up. Glen Olson, who has been out for two weeks with a broken nose, is again practicing with the squad, and is expected to alternate with Hild at quarterback. Farroh and Nelson, guards, may see but little action in the coming game because of leg injuries.
The bird-banding station of Beloit College has been moved from the Rock river, three miles away from school, to the edge of the campus.
NEW MAIN ||
Today - Friday - Saturday Big Double Feature First Lafayette Showing “THE DEVIL ON HORSEBACK” in all color Plus Second Feature “MYSTERIOUS MR. WONG”
Sun. Mon. Tues. Wed. Starting Mid-nite Show Sat. Nite 11:30 P. M.
The “Cuckdo/’ In Egypt!
“Mummy’s Boy”
With
Barbara Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas, Willie Best
ielder’s.... ....choice ■.By Bob Valpole -
Iowa on Saturday and our long list of away-from-home games will be over... the team hasn’t let .down for this Saturday’s encounter, and they, can’t afford to. . . . Iowa has been dropped by the wayside by most everyone this season, but they will be gunning for the Boilermakers. ... —-fc— Last year, the Boilermaker’s best game-was with the Hawkeye’s here for Dad’s Day. . . . Iowa left very unhappy after the fray ., . rumors say that they haven’t forgotten. . .. -—-fc—— After waiting in line for one heck of a long time yesterday afternoon we finally got three fery punk football tickets . . . we understood that the University ticket ofiice had a block of seats for the Dads this year . . . guess they did, but someone slipped up ... Purdue has about five thousand students, and perhaps tmethird of these students’ Dads will attend the game GIVEN FOR THEM, but they surely can’t sit in that little block ... of 300 seats ( ? ? ) —fc— We aren’t casting any reflections on the Student Union officials who supervised the delivery of these seats ... they did all that they could, but being handicapped with a small number of seats, were forced to submit them in the order in which they did ... we are griped, however, with the ticket department for setting aside so few seats for the great number of Dads who will undoubtedly be here for the game. . .. —^fc— Did you know' that while “Nobe” Kizer was a member of the student body of Notre Dame he was an AllEast football) guard on the Seven Mule team, in 1924 . . . that in 1924 he was also an All-West floor guard on the net squad ... in 1925 he was net captain? ? ?
Sig Chis Defeat Phi Gams In Softball
Sigma Chi fraternity defeated Phi Gamma Delta in softball Tuesday by a scorq.of 8 to 2 to win first place in the winner’s bracket of the intramural softball tournament. The game Was a spirited one and both teams were supported by a full turnout of brothers who also talked a good game. The winner of the tournament will be, decided in a game between the Sigma Chis and the winner of the loser’s bracket, which has not yet been completely played off.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Soft- ' eners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
SUPDEN Service
□
■ ^ ■ s
RINTING Offic* Stallontry . ^ Wedding JnvlUUoM
PHONE ■" Wt* Bopl(»,Ele..., 6 2 8 CASSEL*S dosraRR^P
Triple Threat Man
GEM Safely Razors 2Sc
Extra Blades for All Razors
John Sperb
822-824 Main Street
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING By Enrolling in Oar NEW ADVANCED CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen FRI., NOV. 13, 7:30 p. m. Enroll Now . Pl}one 2150 ALLEN^S fith & Ferry
Oiil3r FifteenJEntrieB Remain In dassB Billiards Tournament
Getting under way quickly and smoothly, the class B billiards tournament has only fifteen men remaining from the original thirty entries. Entries, however, have not yet stopped coming in, and all are welcome to try their skill. The following have won two games each: A. Alexanian, E. H. Stinebaugh, PT Weisman; wlifle Joseph Burrin, D. S. Kennedy, J. M. Leshy, and A. G. Lockwood have succeeded in winning one game. Eliminations Eliminations will continue until there are either six, seven or eight contestants to compete in a round robin. It is expected that graduates from class B into class A will develop from this tournament. Only five players: S. M. Cohee, M. H. Ingleman, L. Daily, H. O. Steed, and E. C. Ambrosen, have been ceded eligible class A players.
TENNIS
TODAY, 4:16 FRESHMEN Alexander vs. Cooper or Schrader. Chapline vs. Hebbler or Fnente. SOPHOMOREb Lownie or Winter vs. Oyler or Maenussen. Blitz vs. Windecker or Taylor. Duhart vs. Delaplane or Frazier. Fulwider vs. Tabshey or Demer. Foxworthy or Rush vs. Waid or EQrdiert.
Vernon Huffman, of Newcastle, is Indiana University’s outstanding triple-threat gridman and star quarterback. Huffman needs little introduction to Western Conference football fans who followed his performances last year and expect him to sparkle in even brighter style this sea son. He’s a senior letterman and runs,'passes, punts and directs team
play with equal ability. Vernon is a big fellow, measuring 6 feet, 2 inches tall and pushing the scales to more than 190 pounds. He also is an all-star basketball player, and is to' serve with Kenneth Gunning as co-captain of the 1936-37 Crimson quintet. The Newcastle ace is due for plenty of grid action a week from Saturday when the Hoosiers come here to meet the mighty Boilermakers,
Choose ‘‘All Stars” In WAA Hockey Tourney
In preparation for the all star hockey game, which will be played on Dad’s Day, Saturday, -November 21, at 10 o’clock, the class hockey tournament is nearing completion. In yesterday’s games, the Juniors beat the Sophomore White team by a score of 2 to 0. The Freshman Orange won from the Sophomore Brown squad by a score of 3 to 0. The Seniors are in the lead to date. From the class teams the two all star teams, the Gold and the Black, will be'’chosen next week. Boosters for the two teams will be on hand at the game with songs and cheers. At the same time that this game is being played, a championship speed ball game will be in progress. This game will be played between the two outstanding freshman speed
ball teams.
SOFTBALL
Four 'xGGJii/S F IFgy
Second Place In Big Ten
Indiana Daily—^With Northwestern already having clinched the 1936 Big Ten football title, the Western Conference championship race has become a scramble for second place honors. Indiana, Ohio State, Purdue, and Minnesota are the teams that are battling neck and neck for the runner-up position, each having dropped one Big Ten contest. It’s a sure thing that the Hoosiers and the Boilermakers can’t both finish in second place, so the game November 21 in Purdue’s Ross-Ade stadium will be not only a traditional scrap for the oaken bucket but also a battle for at least a tie for runnerup honors in the Conference race— that iSj if the Bo’men trip Chicago and Purdue bowls over Iowa this Saturday.
Five Military Softball Teams Reach Finals
Five teams remain in the fini^s of the military softball tournament. The teams emerging victorious in the first bracket are Batteries H-1,
A-2, E-2, A-i, and B-1,
A winner should have been determined yesterday afternoon, but due to the failure of all finalists but one to report the champion will be de-
termined qt a later date.
FRATERNITY TOUCHBALL
Fiel^
TODAY
2—Pirathon vb. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 01ft
cial, Hamilton.
S—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
Official, Kerber.
TODAY Diamond 10— ^E-2 vs. B-1 or A-1. 11— H-1 vs. A-2. 16— Ward 7X vs. Ward 11. Official, Bartl- , ing. 17— Winner (Delta IJpsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta) vs. Winner (Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delta). Official, Gillis.
R. J. BATH 1 Watch Maker 608 Main Street
1
tai
KEYS ^ Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a spe-
cialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but wedoit wdB' Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.^ Opposite Post Office j-
DR. A. M. IRION
Dentist
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
Dorner’s Flower Shop
Qnali^ Flowers
Main at 7tli nione fiOSO
- ns tUafcliur fdtsw calls
A YELLOW
V.8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can tor Special Occaalons ai^c per passwDgcr any part ct the city 6«as PHONES Sin YELLOW CAB CO,
Purdue Baek^Ameng Big fen S&ningteader$
Two Purdue huel» are amotigr the leaders in the Big Ten scoring column. John Drake is in second place, one point behind the -leader, Don Geyer, of Northwestern. Cecil Isbell is in a deadlock with “Steve” Toth, also of Northwestern. Our Boilermaker baekfield men seem to compare favorably with the stellar backs of the Big Ten Conference champions. The standings to date:
Player
Geydr, Northwestern Drake, Pnrdne Toth, Northwestern ... Isbel], Pnrdoe Heap, Northwestern - W. Rork, Minnesota Bnhler, Minnesota Beilin, Wisconsin
5 »
GTDPtFGTP
..„6 4 .4 3
25 24 19 19 IS IS IS IS
Standing fn the Western Conference:
The WPA adult evening school at Ohio State has attracted 1,224.
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portrai|s Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
= Mortimer^ just look at Stuyvesant—the lone wolf of the Union Club. He hasn't joined the swing to TWENTY GRAND!” '
Gopn 1936 The Axton-Fiaber Tobacco Co.. Inc.
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50% more.
(Signed) Sell, Putt & Rusby Inc. AnalyticalLabomtorUs (In collaboration leith tobacco expert) ALSO OBTAINABLE IN PLAT PIPTIES
lllVltt^S
You to Breakfast
Sample Club Breakfast
Oatmeal with Cream
Little Pig Sausages
Buttered Toast Jelly Fresh Drip Coffee
Crisp Waffle with Maple Syrup
Fresh Drip Coffee
2()c
15c
Special Plate Lunches
— and —
Complete [Diimers that Satisfy
The Grill Lounge
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
Purdue Memorial Uniou
CSnrncfh^ ChniiNw... €Smt«r
Team
W L
T
Pet,
Pts. OP
Northwestern
6
0
0
1.000
77
40
Minnesota ...
3
1
0
.775
111
8
Purdne
JZ
1
•
.m
7»
M
Indiana
2
1
0
jm
tl
If .
Ohio State ...
2
1
0
.867
84
14
niinois
Jl
1
1
.6M
U
19
Chicago
1
2
0
.380
14
85
Wisconsin ...
0
3
9
.000
38
63
Iowa
0
3
1
.000
13
83
Michigan
0
3
0
.000
9
49
...I
^ H 1 , j-f t(
if
/
. LL.I, s} iliM V hd- ^
■HllliiililiiiiA
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^’hotsday, November 42> 1936
Michigan Backus Determination
Wi^s Post For Him
Ann Arbor, Mich., Nov. 9.—^Cedric Sweet is in the rider’s seat again for the third year as a Michigan full back, and if there is any significance in that statement it is the I'eaffirmation that you can’t lick a man with deteimination. Three years ago, as a sophomore, Cedi 1C was told he could not play football because Michigan was going to need a great defensive fullback. Cedric became that and was a principal part of the Wolverine defense. Last year Cedric was told he would be displaced to make loom for a kicker. During the suminei Cedric spent many hours impioving his kicking form and when Bob Cooper vas made unavailable, Cedric took over the kicking duties for the entire year. Too Slow
Last fall, after the season was ovei. Coach Harry Kipke told Cediic he was too slow afoot and that speed was going to be a piemium on the 1936 Michigan team. So all wmtei long Cedric worked out with the tiack team and this fall astonished his coaches with his quick start and efficient running form. Today he is not only a good defensive fullback, a'good kicker again cariying those duties, but he is also the squad’s leading scorer with three of Michigan’s four touchdowns this yeai to his Cl edit.
iowa State Grid Coach Thinks Crossbar Play Only Half Cockeyed
Iowa State Student, Nov. 10.College football coaches are given lots of suggestions by “Sunday morning quarterbacks” but an idea received by George P. Veenker, Iowa State College grid mentor, in an unsigned letter, tops them all. “I am an ardent football fan,” the letter states, “and I have thought up a good scoring play. Get the ball on the 10-yard line; have an end climb or jump on top of the goal post crossbar, and receive a pass from the back, who can run around until he sees the end has a good grip on the post. The end can then fall to the ground for a touchdown.” Coach Veenkei states jokingly that “this fellow is really only half crazy. If I knew our ends would fall off the crossbar into the end zone I’d use the play. But if the end falls off the wrong way he lands over the end zone, making the pass incomplete. That’s what would happen to us, for I know our ends.”
The Wisconsin flankmen are the only non-celibates on the 1936 varsity squad. Both are junior ends, studying physical education, and both have ttiarried childhood sweet hearts. Two Children Haukedahl has been a family man for three years, and the proud couple boasts of two children. Peak’s marriage, however, is in the honeymoon stage, and his bride lives and works in Madison while her athletic husband prepares for his fortune on the gridiron and in the classroom.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Por Rent—Double room in private home. Phone 75644.
Badger Players Seek Football As
Home Life Escape
Santa Barbaia State College owns a “lat-fish,” the evolutional y link between the shark and the fishes. It is a very rare type sea animal.
Among the thousands that witnessed the Wisconsin-Northwestern tussle last Saturday, there were two feminine heaits that beat with just a little more anxiety and a good deal more purpose than the others. They were those of Mrs. Stanley Haukedahl and Mrs Vernon P. Peak, proudly-wedded spouses of the Badger staiting ends.
HIGH BOWS ON RIMLESS GLASSES
SMART
BECOMING
MODERN
Eyes Examined and Glasses Fitted
H. B. Lodde
419 Main St
JEWELER AND OPTOMETRIST
Bought—Prom the Telfoid estate here in town last week: beautiful china, old glass, brass, copper, pewter, silver, etc., things that will make lovely Christmas gifts. See them at Moore’s Colonial Maiket, 220 N. 5th street.
Pnrdtttf'fincineer—All subscribers to tbe Purdue Engibeer wfao haire not received the October issue may receive their copies by calling the Engineer oRiee at the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. —JONES,
Egg And Chick Show—Ag freshtnen interested come to Poultry Club meeting November 12 at 7.30 in the Poultry Building. —SCHNETZLER.
Poultry Club—Meeting November 12 at 7.80 p. m. in the Poultry Building. Egg and Chick show committee will be elected at this meeting. >—THIE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held November 18 in Chemistry room 320 at 7 p. m. instead of 8 p. m. Pledges be certain to bring themes, keys, and chocolate drops Arrangement for payment ot initiation fee should be made before initiation. —FLEFFER.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. November 12 and 18. —McLOED, PFORZJHEIMER, MYTTNGER.
Union Workers—Wili the following ple^e report to me before 6 ;80 November 18, important. D Light, E L. Klein, J. Jackson, J D Longfield, J O O’Malley, G W Yoeman, Gibbs, and Mary Hudson • —REID
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the Union workshop November 12 at 4 —SHEETS, RIETH, PI'TTS, REID
Y W. C. A.—Cabinet meeting November 12 at 7 p m in the Y. W C A office —JONES
W. A. A. Hockey—No hockey games November 12 —IHOMPSON
Virginia C Meredith Club—^Meeting November 12 at 4 p m in the Home Economics Auditorium in place of the meeting previously announced for November 13. —MURPHY
Rooms Wanted—By tour boys, preferably where theie are few other students. Call McCiackin at 7714, 6-8 p. m.
Wanted—Two tickets to I. U. game. Seats together. Call Day,
45253.
Lost—Red jacket with giey leather sleeves. Call Fied Rosebiock, 5850. Reward.
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
English 1—Make-up examination in grammar November 12 at 4 p m and 8 p m for those who cannot come at 4 Consult your instructor, past or present for room assignment. —WYKOFF
Art Club—Work room now open for use in the new Union workroom under the ballroom. —McLEOD
Tau Beta Pi Pledges—Secure constitutions from Keenan at 132 Sheets V —KEENAN
Dairy Club—^No meeting this week —SCHLOSSER
A. I E. E—Senior electricals please read notice on bulletin board —WIRTH.
Tau Beta Pi—Pledge themes and bents are due Friday, November 20 —WIRTH.
Your Mouey Buys a Lot of Thrills at a Football Game
Your money also buys a lot in Crown Cleaning Service . . . Better personal appearance . . . protection of fabrics and, protection of garments against moth damage. No extra charge.
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting November 12 in Memorial Union Uuilding at 4 p. m. —FELDT.
W. A A Swimming—Swimming Club meet at 7 30 November 12, and W A A open swim at 8 30 p m —TUBBS
Entomology Club—Meeting Novembei 12 in Agriculture Hall, room 109 at 7 30 p m All interested in entomology are welcome —HUTION
Scrivener Club—Meeting November 12 at 8 p m in Culture Hall at 166 Sheets street Bring manuscripts —VERBER
W. A. A. Riflery—6 46, Alpha Xi Delta, 7 30i Chi Omega, 8 16-9, makeup practice —RICHEY
Tau Beta Pi—Bowling at 6 80, pledges vs actives Free Actives meet faculty November 13 —WIRTH
P. I A —All books absolutely must be turned in by 6 p m. November 13 —I'ARKHURST
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up in Women’s Gym if you are going to W. A. A cabin November 14, from 2 to 6 o’clock —HALSTEAD.
Flying Club—Meeting at 7 p m in Memorial Union Building Novembei 12 Important business Several shares still available They will be sold at this meeting —McCRACKIN
Skull And Crescent—^No meeting Novem ber 12 as was previously planned —FENSTEBMAKER
Sigma Delta Psi—Tryouts will be held in the stadium November 12 at 4 p m —MANAGER
A S M E —Members may get cards and M E Journals at A S M E meeting November 12 at 7 30 m room 108 of the Me chanical Engineering Building Dr C H Robertson will speak —WELDY
Playshop Stage Crew—Report to sub-base-Women’s Pan-Hellenic—Meeting November 12 at 4 p m. Inquire at Union desk foi loom Bring all material that was asked foi at last meeting —SCHAAF
Playshop Stage Crew—Report to sug-gase-ment of Union at 4 p m November 12 —KETCHAN
Battery H-1 Baseball Players — Players and those interested in playing for Battery H-1 meet on diamond 1 November 12 at 4 15 for game Be prompt —PARKER
Union Thanksgiving Show Dancing Chorus—Report to towei loom November 12 at 4 p m —BOLLER
Singing Trio—Report to loom C in the Union November 12 —JACOBSON
Sexton Sisters And Mueller—^Report to ballroom November 12 at 4 p m —JACOBSON
All Participants—Report to Union ballroom November 14 at 1 p m —JACOBSON
Playshop Board—Meeting November 12 at 7 30 p m in Playshop office —RUSSEL
Chess Club—-Important meeting November 13 at 7 p m in Union game room —STALLINGS
Eta Kappa Nu—Rough initiation will be held November 12 at 7 30 p m in the E E reading room —BURROUGHS
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
make it a
• . • CHARTER A GREYHOUND RUS AND HAVE A GRAND TIME ALL THE WAY!
Keep your crowd together . .. and keep expenses down ... do your group traveling in ft chartftred Greyhound hue. Have more fun and save more money! Rates per person are reduced far below even Greyhound’s regular low fares. Your bus becomes your private car . .. goes where you wish when you wish. If s modem, jroomy, well-heated, easy-riding. And you know when chartering a Greyhound coach that you are dealing with a responsible travel organization ... a dependable, well-managed company, famous for its nationwide service.
For Information — Phono or Writoi GREYHOUND CHARTER COACH DEPT. 318 Traction Terminal Bldg., Indianapolis, Ind. Stb and Ferry Streets, Lafayette, Ind., Phone 2108
New courses in art metal, bookbinding, and ornamental cementing are being offered this semester by the industrial arts department of North Dakota State College.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
To Iowa Game In Luxury Air Liner For $20.00 Round Trip Call Purdue Univ. Airport
Read The Exponent
H IS job is to look for trouble before it happens. He is one of many who inspect telephone apparatus regularly, even when nothing is wrong. His work is called ''preventive maintenance.” This work is of the highest importance. It helps to prevent interruptions to the service; often forestalls costly repairs, or replacements; helps keep telephone service at highest efficiency. To plan this work requires management with imaginative foresight and the ability to balance the
many factors involved in the maintenance problem.
Tonight —call up someone in the old home •town — after seven.^. when rates ,f«0'^ mos.tr
points are lowest.
BELL TE LEPMBNE SYSTEM
You can... DANCE
In shining silver, it’s just the thing for your erepes and brocades. Perfect with metallic fabrics. You don’t believe until you see, but it’s only $2.50.
B. & W* Shoe Go,
127 N. 4th street