J V r i ^ ’5/^’ t1^.^, 4 fe Si ^ ■‘‘ ' %-^^'^/-\l‘ i' tu.u' %X -.A,.^,^, ,, >c h%,.. '. ' , >^-v %’./ « O -i, , V / <t ^ v-.-s <v f^ , . ^ . >; . _ ' 'f (
,/?* . ,
w ^ ' 7 .
7l
’ SPORTS PAGE
(Announces Track Meet
- At Chicago Saturday
EDIT ADVISES Pre-Vacation Registration for Student^
Sstablifilied 1881
More Tests
ypfume
56, No. 113
Purdiie University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 10, 1044
RAF Fishter Pilot Will Address Special Convo
Philadelphia Story' Starts Tonight At 7:30
Foster, Levine Flay Leads Curtains will part on Play shop’s nfewest production, “The Philadelphia Story,” by Philip Barry, tonight at 7:30 p. m., in Fowler Hall, according to Prof. Carl B. Cass, director, Tomorrow and Saturday the play will begin at 8 p. m, < Kay Poster plays the lead as the incomparable Tracy Lord, while Sarah Andrew and Betty Wedge cojnplete the female part of the Lord fhmily as Dinah and Margaret. Play la Sophisticated ' The play deals with Tracy who has married C. K. Dexter Haven (Eugene Levine) and divorced him when he, resenting her chilling attitude toward the comforting virtues of domesticity, takes to liquor. ■ A little while later she has taken up with a handsome snob of the Pennsylvania mines named Kittredge (David Siler) and is about to marry him. One of the calender paper social gossip weeklies sends a reporter (Robin Padorr) and a camera woman (Mary Ann Swern) to cover the wedding. They are injected into the house by Tracy’s brother (Karl Ziegler), who hopes to divert their attention from Father Lord’s (Jim TingSt) affair with a Broadway actress. P^r Little Rich Girl -Tl?aCy, already a little shaken in her urge for Kittredge, finds hersClf suddenly bowled over by Conner, the fascinating reporter. At the end of %a pi'e-wedding party, at which the champagne flows like ginger ale, she and Connor go for a dip in the pool. Tracy always had been an uncertain champagne drinker. The last time she drank a lot of it she went out on the roof to salute the moon. Now the wedding is threatened. Other parts in the play are taken by George Sykes, Elaine Kail, Jane Grimmer, John Conde, Marshall Graham and Jim Crothers. Special Performance bunday Playshop will present a special performance of the play for all service men and their dates Sunday aftei'noon at 2:30 in Fowler Hall. Tickets at 75 cents are now on sale af the box office or may be purchased before each performance in the lobby.
Yearbook Will Hold Callout Monday At 4 Debris callout for freshman and sophomore workers will be held Monday at 4 p. m. in the business office, room 316 of the Unioil, Eb Neese, editor, has announced. Editorial workers are needed to write copy, gather information, for interviewing, and for mounting pictures taken by the photography staff. The photography staff takes, develops and prints pictures while the busi- —
Enough Pickers For Tomatoes, Speaker States
Kay Foster, Betty Wedge, Sarah Andrews will appear in “Story”, s Hearts Queen Cable Tells Of Malaria To Reign Over Dangers At Meeting
\
Valentine Hop Of Biological Society drawings which they wish to make^ theii' cou^y agricultural agents, su-
ness staff keeps the accounts and sells the books. Both civilians and servicemen who are freshmen or sophomores and have an index of 3.5 or better are eligible for work
on Debris.
Cartoonists Needed
Students with ability as cartoonists are also needed to draw pictures of “Boilermaker Pete” since over fifty illustrations of him will be used as the theme of the 1944 Debris. Students interested in this work are requested to sign on the master chart in the Debris office for the
Harries Speaks Tomorrow At 4 Arrangements have been completed for the special convocation to be held at 4 p. m. tomorrow afternoon in the Music Hall when Wing Commander Raymgaid H. Harries, fighter pilot of the Royal Air Force of England, yill speak on his experienbes. Commander Harries, who arrives tomorrow morning and will be a guest at a small luncheon at noon, will be introduced by President E.
Green To Address Tau Beta Pi Dinner Wednesday At 6:30 “Stimulation of Inventiveness”,
At the 18th annual conference for canners and fieldmen, J. B. Kohlmeyer, state supervisor of emergency farm labof from the University, told Indiana tomato growers that they needn’t fear a lack of pickers to harvest their 1944 crop. If growers are willing to recruit their own pickers, co-operate with
C. Elliott. President Elliott booked him for appearance through W. H. Gallienne, British consul general at Chicago who spoke at the opening convoca-
tion last September.
Commander Harries, although only 27 years old, holds a rank equivalent to that of lieutenant eol-
the topic of this year’s all-engineers’ onel in the American army, which banquet, to be held in the Home Eco- was attained after leaving medical nomics Cafeteria next Wednesday school to enlist in the air force as a
at 6:30 p. m. is a subject which private in 1939. could be well takeji into considera- Squadron Escorts Bombers
tion by teachers and industrialists His squadron often escorted alike, according to Dean of Engi- American as well as British bombneering A. A. Potter. ers on their raids over the continent. “After the war United States will during last September his
be poor in a number of resources, notably gasoline and certain metals, so that inventions must be stimulated in order that the country does not lo^e its leadership gained by
A1 Stewart will crown the Queen of Hearts at the dance Saturday night, the coronation being scheduled for 11 p. m. so that it will come after the Victory Varieties show. The court will include the two contestants who finish second and third in the contest, and they will be given flowers at the same time the queen is crowned with a coronet of flowers. All three girls will wear formals. Standings The last results to be published were received yesterday and are as
follows;
Doris Dant, 17919; Betty Cantley, 13385; Helen Hanlen, 6697; Jean Crane, 5342; Lois Reimann, 3375; Peggy Mine^’, 2446; Helen Holt, 1989; Mary Bowlby, 1925; Phoebe Knowles, 1463; Lillian Oyler, 1400; Dorothy Hanson, 1329; Bettianne Murphy, 866; Henrietta Davis, 41. The contest will end promptly at 5 p. m. tomorrow afternoon; and no sales for the contest will be made after that hour, however long the line is at that time. Anonymous Three Return Queen Candidates' Photos
'Times' Says. Atrocity
Tales Not Propaganda Missing Since Friday Eve
In answer to letters protesting the goveimment’s use of the Jap prison atrocity report to boost war bond sales, the Indianapolis Times says editorially that the release of the atrocity/ report at the time of the bond drive was accidental. According to the Times, a news paper syndicate had purchased part of the report from one of the escaped prisoners, and was releasing it ^or wide publication. Thus the government could no longer enforce its policy of withholding the story. Once the story was made public, it becjame, “inevitably and legitimately” an added incentive to bond-buy-ing and to an augmented war effort. The government protected for as long as possible, by its withholding' policy, the feelings of those American families with members or friends in the Jap prison camps of the Philippines.
All pictures of the contestants for the Queen of Heaits contest, except that of Lois Reimann, are again on exhibition in the hall in front of the Sweet Shop. They were returned Tuesday evening to the Exponent office and were accompanied by a letter of explanation from the three anonymous culpi'its, “D”, “M” and “R”, who managed to smuggle them from the showcase last Friday night. Mingled with much cynicism, some explanations of just how the job was managed with a pair of pliers were included in the letter. Just what has happened to Lois Reimann’s picture isn’t known and they did not offer any explanation about it. Student Union has expressed its appieciation for the return of the pictuies, which they were going to have to replace, and the publicity seems to make things &ven for them,
Annual Road School Independenfs Schedule
Callout For PIA Workers
.. . held at the University had an attendance of 668, as compared with last year’s total t>f 610, according to K. B. Woods, chairman of the gathering. Most of the partcipants were city, county and state highway
officials.
University Church . . . will hold an open house for all students and service men in the church recreation rooms tomorrow evening from 7 to 11. There will be games, dancing, and refreshments.
Next caltout for PIA workers will be held Wednesday, A1 Henderson, PIA president, announced. Jobs are open to active students i egardless of their year in school since activities are to be expanded next semester. Present PIA activities include Friday night record dances and a student dance class. Work keys are presented at the end of each semester to those students who put in sufficient amount of time in their particular field.
Prof. R. M. Cable of the Biolo'gy Department told an audience of 50 in Stanley Coulter Hall yesterday that malaria infested mosquitoes suffer no known ill effects after biting a person. Cable spoke before members of the Biological Society and guests on the subject, “Malaria”. Dr, Cable, a parasitologist, described malaria as the most important disease of man, said there were estimated to be 900,000 cases in 1936 in the United States alone. However, it is difficult to state the exact number of cases because the “chills and fever” symptoms are easily mistaken for other diseases. High Casualties In Armed Forces Malaria is vital today because of the high casualties in the armed forces, caused by this insect-borne disease. Men who leave relatively free malaria areas to enter infested regions suffer more acutely than those who leave a malaria district. There is also the danger of the disease being spread over much of our area by infected soldiers returning from the tropics and sub-tropics. Malaria zones in the United States cover the Gulf coast, Florida, extend up the Mississippi River and into Illinois. The mid-west used to be included on this list, but recently, because of draining projects and more screening, the region has become relatively malaria-free. Troops Equipped Troops are provided with drugs', quinine being the Classic one, mosquito nets, and mosquito spray. Draining the breeding place is too expensive, so various spiays are used on the pools and streams, which are usually slow moving ones. The open meeting was concluded with questions from the audience. A4. Fodor To Speak At Teacher Meeting Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will open the combined county teachers’ institute which will be held at the University Saturday, with a talk on “Learning Through Doing”. M. W. Fodor, columnist of the Chicago Sun, and former war coriespondent, will be the principal speaker of the morning on “The Watch on the Rhine”. Music will be provided by thd University string sextette, consisting of Phyllis Baker, Mario Pagliarulo, Genevieve Larinar, Cleonice DeKay, Bob Heyman, Miriam French, and Barbara Hipskind, harpist. Dr. E. D. Doudna, secretary of the Wisconsin State Board of Regents, will speak in the afternoon on “Preseiving the American Heritage”. The institute will be for teachers of West Lafayette, Lafayette, Tippecanoe Couqty, and the following surrounding counties: Cairoll, Benton, Warren and Jaspei*.
concerning academic life and extracurricular activities on campus. The master chart lists the theme of the page such as “Introducing Pete,” “Pete’s History,” or the various schools and activities such as Home Economics or Exponent. Also listed is the size of the cartoon and a dOscription of the activity to be shown such as “Pete” mixing pills and drugs or wearing a
cap and gown.
YWCA
... is continuing to sponsor student discussions every other week in the office in the Union. These discussions are led by professors or students and are designed to cover topics of interest to all University
pervise the work closely and pay an adequate wage, plenty of work-
ers will be available. Reed Addresses Group
On Tuesday, first day of the convention, Dean Reed of the Agriculture Department welcomed the canners and fieldmen. In his address he emphasized the importance of their job in next year’s food production. Following Dean Reed’s welcome ad; di’ess, L. M. Vogler, state AAA chairman, reviewed wartime regulation on processing of foods. Later in the afternoon another University man. Professor O. F. Hall, discussed the sociological approach in contracting cannery crops under war-
time conditions.
Dinner was served the group last night at the Lafayette Country Club, and principal speakers of the evening were Dr. Louis Sears of the
possession of these materials. Countries ofitain power through wars and increase in knowledge, therefore we must increase our knowl-
edge, through inventions.”
Graduate To Speak
Speakers on this topic will be "^adr'o'n to”command'the'Ni
Stanley Green, graduate of the University and vice-president of the
Duncan Electric Company in Lafay- This unit won flme fo”r the chann'el ette, and Prof. E. N. Kemler of the shopping reconnaissance and for Mechanical Engineering school, catching sneak raiders as they came Toastmaster for the occasion will be the southeast coast of Britain. Micha J. Shocken, senior mechani- (
cal.
squadron accounted for downing 23 enemy aircraft, leading the Fighter
Command for the month.
No passports or admission, cards of any kind will be required for admission to the convocation v hich Ls
open to the general public.
Harries flew a Bromley Spitfire for 10 ihonths and for the same period of time led the Kent squadron because he lived in Bromley. Kent, for nine years. He left the Kent
'igeria
Squadron, so-called because the people of Nigeria paid for the planes.
students. This week’s topic, “Mar- history department and F. C. Gayriage”, was led by Gayl Cole in the lord, chief of the University Hortiabsence of Professor James. culture Department.
All freshmen distinguished during the semi-term, staff and faculty members in the engineering schools have been invited to the dinner. Tickets are $1.10 and may be obtained at the West desk of the Union nr at the various engineering school dffices. Members of Pi Tau Sigma, Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu and Omega Chi Epsilon will-attend the banquet. Fairman's Drawing
Students Witness Fire wins Design Contest
As War Plant Burns
By Marion Donham Eyes gazed eastward Tuesday night when one of the worst fires in the history'' of the community, killing thiee men and injuring three others, filled the sky with a glow that could not possibly be passed off as the lights of Lafayette. Of the some 10,000 curious persons who crowded to the scene of this devastating blaze at the National Homes Corporation, many were a part of the University student body. Pleading thumbs, old jallopies filled until the sides bulged, cars, and biise^s carried the interested students from their less interesting studies to the scene of the flaming building. Breaking out at 9:40 p. m., the fire had soon consumed the frame building so completely that the roof caved in leaving a blazing mass difficult to control and impossible tTstop. The fire was still burning steadily Wednesday noon. Help Offered Some conscientious young scholars who managed to arrive at the scene of the blaze early offered their services to men who were trying to save a pile of lumber, but all five fire departments of Lafayette had been called out, and bucket brigades could not be of any use. The West Lafayette fire department was called out at 10 o’clock by a false alarm, evidently caused by someone’s seeing a reflection of the flames in a window of a home. After the alarm, they were on the alert to assist the other fire departments. Residence Hall girls also watched the sky with interest, some hoping fervently that it was the Chemistry Building. From the Halls the fire appeared almost as close as the village, and ambitious young women
even trekked down State to see if this were true. None of the Hall girls were out to see the fire after hours, but. some more unfortunate (or were they ?) sorority girls found themselves caught in a traffic jam near the fire and saw 10:30 slip by while still outside of the confines of their houses. Fire Holds Interest It was not an unusual sight, as it never is, to see many nearly-tardy young ladies rushing madly toward that closing door, since the fire was a difficult sight to leave. The heat could be felt easily at almost a block away, and smoldering high tension wires added to the dangerous work that had to be done by the firemen and other men. Power lines were burped down, and the power necessarily off, causing the night shift at the nearby Fairfield Manufacturing Plant Jo cease work almost entirely. One very excited University student, on noticing flames in one of the Fairfield buildings, reported the possibility of a fire there to a state policeman who was keeping traffic away from the block around the National Homes blaze. No Second Blaze The policeman immediately left his post to investigate, but reassured the trembling student that it was merely the heat treatment process being carried on in the plant that was causing the blaze. Still skeptical of this, the student left, half expecting the Fairfield plant to burn too, but heit treatment it was. The loss of three men’s lives and the loss of this 100 per cent war production plant is a major tragedy to the community.
Arthur Fairman received first prize in a contest sponsored by Student Senate for a cover design for the University Handbook with Bob Tetlow, apprentice seaman in the V-12 program, second place winner, according to Bob King and Tom Spitler, who were jn charge of the contest. Fairman will receive a $10 prize and a by-line in the handbook while Tetlow will be given a $5 prize. Fairman’s design shows Heavilon Hall tower in the background with a fraternity paddle, a slide rule, a coke glass and books arranged in'" the shape of a “V” in the foreground. He will woi-k with the University editor’s office in adapting his design to suit the requirements of the handbook cover. Alpha Xi Delta Wins Coed Bowling Championship Alpha Xi Delta won the girls’ bowling championship Tuesday evening by defeati,ng RCA team f in the tournament finals by a score of 1291 to 1176. The tournament consisted of competition between four campus leagues, in each of which were four teams representing the sororities, co-operative houses and residence
halls.
The winning team fiom Alpha Xi consisted of Betty Gericke, Frau Hutcherson, Jean Gibson, Terry Busby and Norma Wallner. RCA’s runner-up group was made up of Dorothy Neal, Reba Smith, Jban Pace, Helen Hutchinson and C:j|.rol Jackson. The teams competing in the sei|ii finals of the touinament weid RCIA team I, RCA team II, Phi Mu a^d Alpha Xi Delta.
War Couhfil To Hold First Meeting Tonight The newly reorganized War Council will meet tonight to discuss such matters as university courses after the war and, more immediately, the forthcoming book drive. The meeting will be held in room 212 of the Union. According to a member of the council, a book drive will be held before the end of the semester by the War Effort Committee of the War Council under the auspices of the War Studept Service Fund. The personnel of the Council is as fol-
lows:
Council Personnel George Hawley, SC A; James N. Ritchey, AST; Frank W. Dodd, AST; Bob Adler, Student Senate? Janet Bahls, Pan Hellenic; Judy Jones, Activities Bureau; Mary Lou Sternberg, Playshop; Connie McCoid, Playshop; Ellis Murphy, Exponent; Joe Berger, Marine, Co. E; Artie Shaw, Co. C, Navy; Hal Glasser, Co. F, Marine; Micha Schocken, Engineer; Eb Neese, Debris; Mary Larry, Senate; Sebastian F. Cerreto, PIA; Ray Schneider, Fraternity Affairs Council; Hank Lazerson, Co. B, V-12; Hank Davis, PIA; Charles Trinkner, Marine; Ann Wagner, North Hall; Phyllis White, Town Girl; Hallace Sherwood, Alpha Zeta; Sara Hayes, WRH; Bob Fischer, Engineer; Francis Bryant, SC A; Jack Heinz, Senate; Doris Hahrenstein, YWCA; Edna Balch, WRH; Doris Compton; Mary Allen Trimble; Colonel Beere; Lt. Commander Kegley, John Woolling. Carnival To Feature Booths, Dancing Penny Carnival in the Women’s Gym Saturday will feature booths repiesenting everything from “Hit the Dummy” to “Kiss the Mamma” girls from each of the sororities, the residence halls, town girls, and the co-operative houses vie for pennies. A prize will be awarded to thfi best booth. Judges in charge of the selection will be Acting Dean Clare Coolidge, Miss Dorothy Bovee, and Mr. Clevett. ^ Triton Club will present tumbling and tap dancing exhibitions, and luter in the evening there wUl. ha dancing to recordings.
, ' -ij: •■*'1 ‘
“fvPug^ 2
Ptirdue Exponent
Thursday, February io, 1944
^Purdue Exponent ciombined with f^urdue Independent
OHices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editeriil Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor B 1 loss Mnnairor \oi 1 Eaito ^5 1 i c t iiior i( i lor
Ellis Murphj Mary Dilts ■William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Kiisscll M Lipes Jr
Publication Staff I d I ml Slaff I ck M ottt R ith M Ford Madelyn A r I t bii. 1 t I 11 M rtl a 1 c K fci.
)o s r t (I
: ns kil
! \cl
n P ul G iib
\
lisle Fr edma o tt ns Bob Baker
r I ness Staff 1 I n , ^ msir B tty M ney I ( imnn
Si ff For This Issue ( t Fd for—Dotihan > Issi c Fd tor—Garret! t' (or—lied erman j I> o n Ste nletp Rosen t 1 J-oc ^a I tv B yms Streeter
i O i-l I I no prai her W C Tolber I urd c I denendent
Lyle Criat
1 1
f Oc n r
b ir r f 1 n St Sul oF c or at t \V Kir Pt f UK S r ce I d o Vve I
1 la n t r at th post office in Lafay 1 c f C Kr s of March 3 1878 f tap 1 V led for in aectior r 3 1 1 autl o d J inuary 20 1922 a 11 r la anl b t iday n orninirs dur C t t on I r ods Delivered daily for n St r bv n all tor *1 60 for a n may be obtn ned at the Exponent t D 1 of tl Un on t u I d rt B ng by National Advertis ( 11 i-e 1 II shers Representatives 420 \oik N \
Tm R 9 U S P. O t
1 111 ol ts line fi t r b >rl\ in tiir sitil Go a Cl t G t in t 1 Fptcl ill l n J
n i picMous tdiTipdign has e\ It Slllf, ten i( iioiteel to bt i cei till 1 I f ol the Heiclelbcic t h w oni ot Moi 1 ison s
mt t } ou Cl e 1 tei ] 1 c wl ihc ( ) c 111 I i
t 1
t cl 1 F }. J
! i
Jit IS \\ illi ini Baldwin 111 1 m because of his c 11 1 t lit IS the m in c ip t t 1 1Cik ip
J 1 7
1 n t njstciious ! i\ then Pit SI c In iiif, 1) stabiJi/c (111 nts oi ( cw ‘-hipbuil lint, t 111 up tl oublc 1 n 1 uid s iliot it.c
tl
lit) ! J i
th a/
nt li il I ( 0! n I J 1 ] y lit t\ ten 11 111 I Si t aimaincnt pi t n i it
At one til 1 She; It J It il i llu 1 ij slniibuildinp coini line 11 i<! 1 t ) \ u| t ll t I I Ibjinp apite mi 11 and sue ill I i ( ) i (( I tl | u tl u h m fen ) )( akiiif. i p tl c G( I le (t Juatei this ‘•nitbn intvilt ul pt 1 a ‘-inilt ui ■VCSti^ation m 1929 aid tint wa in tited into tie letoxia Scotland 'Vaid i(]oit < ii Slit u i/^\liiehhil coRbiduablc to ba\ about hi It teem ( toij past (Jebciibing him as notonous isso nle ti lutenia
Register Now
GRIN A|i^%AR rr
By Lichty
F" I 13 \iiA
SSHRY-QO-ROUND
@1 DREW PEARSON
Hijs/ Loeig's Power Sfill Strong In Cyrrgnf Cyt-Throat Loiiasiana
One of the many issues brought forth at the Opinions Convo last November was the project of holding registration before students went home on vacations rather than returning early for legisteimg The idea met with approval from the Administiation and is now in the process of organization Students in the ASTP were able to register before they left on furlough last week for the teim which started yestetday The soldiers’ early registration was made possible by the limited numbei of courses and curriculums which AST’s are allowed to take In the case of civilian students and students in the V-12 program where a larger numbei of couises and variable curriculums are available, the administration feels that the task of setting up foi early registration cannot be completed in time foi use by the end of this month Although we do see how moie course and curriculums may make the woik harder, we don’t see why it cannot be done In the piocedure for late registration a student has a schedule of classes to work fiom'' and must then make the rounds of the department heads to get class cards, and see his own Schools’ head to get the schedule approved “And look at this lovely large, barnlike kitchen' Plenty of space On the suiface of things we think that a sim- to cram in all those fancy postwai kitchen gadgets they’re
Independent Inklings
y \SHI\GTO''—Ton in \ hidi likes its politics led a d lav i )i he m d 11c oi mothei electron cam pn^n iiv 1 inytl i stoped duiins; the fiee foi all fight n di\ of liici I oi^ In lact the battle in-,c« i 1 V t n ITie Top Foi though his bullet to n bo \ 1 rt 1 1 u ict ioi Cl ht yeais his meinoiy his cono tb 1 1 his ] 1 othei iic still stiong D in e the f i jcais of Goieinoi oa i Tones inti Loigatmnivi ion the loUigh which shone down on iluc Loiro sti \i^ nil itol the Cipitol in Baton Poa c w icici c t guishcd—m defeience to the tl ou a los \ 1 I ill ll o 1 h Ih'^' ICingfish is king n d 1 0 n i Cl wl t 1 ppen m the cunent cut thi oai pi 1 iiics to 1 c hcl 11 cb 29 Louisi in i will still be T e ed Ol i s i th i co Bidei ible iinoimt of L n sn foi 1 I he Cul is suic to come out is heiucn n ci loi \nd if singnn '■ursbn i hmitn Dans the ladio cioen" who tioi J s cue uom adio actor Senator pajpv 0 Dane! Ill 'c as is i nallj elected goveinoi he (In in') V i!l')£^obiih o to Hollywood to make o<.'' 1C jrJ le ng Ll 1 I oil;,, la virtual contiol \ y on He I c s hi t Dcnotialit piimaiy held tl J n 18 T’h" olh I gabernalonel candulate e> Congiessman ' 1 ijni VIorgan was Fuey b counsel at the Kingfish im c«'’hmeiu pioeeedugs So cith-^r waj though Huey I ong s bodj iraj be n okleiing m the giayc h'^yvor! foi netrer ii y oist goev muchnig on Lari tioig IS c ndidate to>- lieutenant goyeinoi on Morgan s ticket i-GUibi'’na lioy ever docs i ot belicye m pallid sub s»i1 1 oee It wants us Ivinghbh up roariiu m the Sc rr e’s" i ot at a'l i his w b the explan ition of Hie piickeci bal oon fizzle m me Januaiy primary of r^n essman James Morrison whom the Saturday E emng Pt st desciibed as the minnow who could be kiig^ ’’ Tl c ailiclc was masttipiece ot sc ilhing eiiticism But ll i t atiye of Mini ow VIoiiison and the atti tncle Ol tie Lou mi elcctoiatc is the fact that he aJy^i ued tie aiticlc ovei the i itlio and had teai bh-’ci Pc* tea all oyei the ilooi and yyifitlows of his can p lb 1 head ]U i te 4nyone y\ho i yyiilten up ii the Sitiuday Lve ning 1^0 t 1 be 1 yyet npoit nt I hats whit tlcj t' 11 of Jini 7 ’'loDi 0 up \ t! h Mys^ersoys Money 1 igbOS* iry 1 about (he I ouisi in i cunpaign is whc. t Jimm Mti isi n goi tlu ihousands ht dumped into I the hoo! i ) loidside billboaids ind paiish wo It ‘hi u h lit til t ite ll IS tonimonl> lepoit ed that nt pt t 92)0 009 whith is notnmg to snee/t at ey o la I o n i i i Foyy J miny lai 1 '•200 000 oi t\t!i hall of tli it in MOW of tilt fciit fhit ht hiij trouble tycn in paying his own hotel bill H V\ isliinj ton and the tact that Staiidaid Ol) IS suing him lor non payment ot 93 000
liar system could be woiked out for legistration befoie vacation It will take just as much time no mattei which way it,is done, and a laige majority of students will be able to work out their own schedules, get their plass caids and other filefilleis approved with haidly any conferences with teachers The irregulai students may have a more difficult time, but they could complete registration aftei vacation if necessaiy—still in free peiiods rathei than in two extia days There should be no complications fiom the tieshman angle because their course has been piesci ibed Ot course, we realize that we do not have all the information, pro and con, but we still feel that oui idea is piactical According to the information received about the setting up piocess for this registration, the faculty was trying to legister each student more or less peisonally, or fitting them to a set cuiiiculum This IS impiactical from the administration’s point of view because it takes too much time and laboi It is just as impiactical from the students’ point of view because they wish to pick out then own couises Oui suggestions may not be welcomed, but we feel that theie is at least the beginning of a more practicable way of legisteiing before vacation than of having the administration 1 egistei each student without the student being theie to defend himself
planning ”
University Calendar
Thursday, February 10
10 00 AM
Distiict Welfaie Meeting
Rooms 261 mu 263 Union
3 00 P M
Scieen Review •
Hall of Music
6 45 P M
Ag Wmtex Couise Society
Assembly Rm Ag Hall
7 15 PM
Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting
Room 261 Union
7 30 PM
Playshop Pioduction
Eliza Fowlei Hall
7 30 PM
Navy Giaduation
Hall of Music
7 30 PM
AIEE Meeting
Room 129 EE Bldg
8 00 PM
Piofhssional Engmeeis
Room 263 Union
Friday, February
11
8 00 AM
Extension Foresters Meeting
Room 217 Holt Bldg
4 OOP M
Wing Commandei R H Haines
Hall of Music
7 00 PM
Seivice Show (seivice men only)
Hall of Music
7 30 PM
Playshop Pioduction
Eliza Fowler Hall
Saturday, February 12
8 00 AM
Extension Foi esters Conference
Room 217 HortBldg
9 00 AM
County Institute
Eliza Powlei Hall
10 00 A M
Social Studies Couise
Room 263 Union
3 30 PM
Victoiy Vaiieties
Hall of Music
7 30 PM
Playshop Pioduction
Eliza Fowler Hall
8 00 PM
Victoiy Vaiieties
Hall of Music
8 30 PM
Queen of Heaits Dance
N & S Ballrooms Union
Personnel Notes
sonnel Office by Satin cidj Febiu
aiy 11
Chance Vought Airciaft Stiat fold Conn—Date oi visit Feb 15
RCA Victor Division Camden N J—Date of visit Feb 17 Intel est gd ME EE Physics ChE Business Admin and Accounting It mtei ested please sign in the Pei sonnel
Office by Tuesday Feb 8
Pan American Rehning Coip lexis City Texas—D ite ol visit Fiiday FSbiuaiy 11 Inteiested in ChE ind chemists (BS MS and Ph D) Sign in the Pei sonnel Office ty
'Ihuisdiy Peb 10
lycoming Dnision—the A.vix tion Coip Wililamspoit Pa—-Date ot visit Pel 15 Intciostcd in M J mil Atl* Sign in the Pci sonnel
Office by Monday I cb 14
Gull Oil ind Rctining ( o Pitts buigh Pi—D ite oi visit Mond ly
ion ll ciooks and syvell mobsmen
Ihe contents of the Scotland Yard report weie vig oiously denied by Sheaiei on the yvitness stand After bobbing up from time to time m Washington he appealed in Louisiana is the fuend adviser, and some people believe the hn incial go betyveen for cer
tain monied interests in the Noith willing to gamble m the Pei sonnel Office by Monday on setting up a neiv and budding young dictator in Feb 14
Louisiana
V\ ho it IS that is yviHing to risk i sizeable fortune on backing Moirison to be Kingfish is anybody s guess and undci Louisiana law the candid ite doesn t have to reveal the source of his income or the amount spent Whoevei it yvas Louisiana his decided that it will sticl to the yyell yvoin and only paitially banished lemnantb oi Huey Longism inste ul of tiying i nevv ind untiied political sooths ijei Almost anything can happen m Louisiin i politics but appuently the mil icle ol Mmnoyv Moiiison becoming Kingfish isn t
in the cauls j ct
Aleutian Exiles Meichant seamen who h ive touched it the Alcuti in Isl inds bung bad gum stones il out the moi ilc oi
U S soldieis
^omc men hive been on the Alcuti ins since 1911 yyith no idea yyhen they might get home—li cvci M hen i Washington official s iid the yvai mi; ht 1 ist
loi seveial ycais hopes m the dismal d ul ness oi the Teb 14 Inteiested in men ind worn Aleuti ins s ml lowci and lowei » cn with B S inChcinistiy Smn in Ilaidest to be u is the lack of action In one c iso the Pci sonnel Office by Satuidiy
when an officei called foi voluntceis ioi a dangeious 1 eh 12
mission eveiymin it the post lesponded Death wis Lsso laboiatoiies Standud Oil bettei than chead monotony Co of L i B iton Rouge 1 La—■ Pokei IS the favoi ite pastime The men have plenty D ite ol visit Monday Fob 11 In ol money because theie is no yv ly to spend it hut even tei ested in B S MS md Ph D men the money is depicssing because it is titteied md wid yyomen chemists Sign in Pci torn fiom changing hands m so m my pokei g imcs sonnel Office by Situiday heb 12
Haidly a bill in the Aleutians does not depend on scotch tape loi theie ue stones of iibulous yvinnmgs One stoiy tells ot i mm who yyon $45 000 but this IS denied by one ot his buddies who s lys I know be cause 1 Incd m the same tent with him He yvon only
S25 000
One card shark is lepoited to have paid another soldier ten dollais an hour to substitute lor him on duty yvhilo ho y\as having a lucky streak and to have paid inothei ‘mO an eyenuig to watch the lights so they yvouldn t be turned off during the game One enteipiising group of soldiers turned to dis tilling liiiuor iiom diied apiieots and sugar Then product sold loi tahulous sums News ol the neyy Aimy system of lot itmg men yyho have 1 een in soviet ty\o yeais will be welcomed no y\hoc moie jtyiully thm m the Aleuti m Islands (fopyiight IJIJ by United Fcatuic Syndicate Int)
These companies ue not sched uled to visit the campus however, they aie interested m students foi
Companies scheduled to visit the ^Riployihent
campus Standard Oil Company Cleve National Bearing Metals Corp , Ohio—Inteiested in Ch E yvith St Louis Mo—Date of visit to be scholastic standing If inteiested announced Interested m ME Also Please sign m the Pei sonnel Office ASTP and NCTP Sign m the Pei Monday Pebuiaiy 14
, [ By Tyle Crist Trailbla^er Ed scampered ’cross the grass, Was fined ten dollars—hurt^like a ftliiOt Went overtown to try and drink it off Cause now otir heio’s a very Blue Blazer Remembei 1;he hoys at “MaishalTs Madhopse ’ Ipst semestei ’ If you were tp visit the house on. Grant stieet now, m seaich of the old gang a slight shock would be m stole foi you The boys are no longer theie Instead, twenty seven coeds (thu loWa State University Offers Special Courses Iowa State Untyhisity, loiya City, is offeiing a giQup of courses this year for giaduate woik m a com bined form of study of radio, jour nalism, and child welfare The study is set up especially foi credit towaid a mastei’s degiee and foi piofes sional caieeis in the communication of child welfare mfoimation thiough ladio magazine and newspapers Fellowships and assistantships are available to a few qualified stu dents Fellowships include exemp tion fiom tuition fees and a small stipend and assistantships cany exemption fiom tuition plus a sti pend of foity to sixty dollais a month Applications foi these may be made to the Dean of the Giaclu ate College of Iowa State Univei sity by Apiil 1 1944 Industrialists To Discuss Metal Machinery, Grinding Repiestntatives ol Indianapolis mdustiies wil! hold a panel discus Sion on machining and gimdmg fei lous metals at the Univeisity centei in Indianapolis next Fiiday evening It 7 30 New Umveisiry center which was foimeily the Hoosiei Athletic Club IS now the Indianapolis bianch of the Division of Technical Institutes and Engmeeiing Wai Tiaimng and is rapidly becoming a center of en gmeeimg oiganization meetings in Indianapolis day Febiuaiy 14 General Electric X Ray Corp De tioit Mich—Inteiested m EE (dnft exempt) If interested sign in the Peisonnel Office by Wednes day Eeb 16 Electric Controller & Mfg Co Clevel ind Ohio—Inteiested m E E Please sign in the Peisonnel Office by Wednesday Ptb 16
teeh pledges) take over* HoNv^ver, the pievious house name remains inasmuch as theie are those who m sist the “Madhouse” still prevails—With added significance' The cheds have elected Nancy Uitthank th assume duties of house president* Medrith Noble is the secietar;^ Of the family ; Sony, no PtA record dancej^iltis week We ve noticed many ebUhies taking m the Fnday nite danCes eV* eiy week without fail To these students and all otheis, PIA plans to continue next week as usual In cidentally, PIA prpmisefe {fibre ‘jpmp” tunes to the jittefbpgglng couple who fascinated the daheers last week SCA Invites Members of the Housp Presidents’ Council for girls Student Coi-op Houses have announced a number of vacancies in the Various itOtiSes Any independent girl interested m living in an SCA house starting on March 1, is invited to make application Just call Joan Beckner, 2565, for information Prospective members will be invited to see the houses, talk over cooperative living With girls now living by Rochdale principles—in geneial, find out first handed what advantages Co op houses have to ofrer We took time out Tuesday from the Inklings to get a good look at the big bonfiie acioss town We left everything when the magic word was shouted and braved the ele ments m slippers pajamas and overcoat How’s your sunburn’ The Collegianna girls (Wiggens Witches) are becoming a bit fear ful of Dorothy Patton and Mary Srider—^theyie both studying jiu jitsus from one who knows—Doio thy s hi othei Repoits indicate that Reeck s rassleis might take note Theie s many an opportunity waiting foi independents who want to work with their own organiza lion—the PIA It s a swell activity with lots of oppoitrinity to work up to lesponsible positions Take ad vantage of the callout next Wednes day
Missouri Valley Bridge and lion ( ompany Evansville Indiana —In tei ested m Mechanical and Electu cal Engmeois If inteiested please
Inteiested m ME AeE and CE Sign sign in the Peisonnel Office by Mon
PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEMS
All Occasions Reasonable Rates
PARTIES—DANCES—MEETINGS Excellent Record Collection franklin sound service
1S7 S PiorcG St Phone 75634
^feator J WILLIAM BOYD '' ^ Hopalong Cassidly
• and '
Ihc 14th cl ICS of WAVES to entei the naval tiam n „ school at 1 U h is begun its stoi ekeepeis’tiainmg which will 1 (cl 12 weeks
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical)
Sheet music (latest hits)
Instruments and Accessories
Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Mam
Lafayette Phone 7917
^^1 auc«i; n 19 ( — plus —• LATEST PATHE NEWS
itunmm ONE WEEK STARTING TODAY The Year’s Most Eagerly Awaited Film
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW
with BOB HAYMES • LYNN MERRICK THE VAGABONDS-JANIS CARTER TIM RYAN-JOYCE COMPTON Screen Play by Dorcas Cochran Directed by MAL ST CLAIR Produced by SAM WHITE A COLUMBIA PICTURE
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
Directed by MERVYN LtROY Producedh%mVi FRANKLIN A METRO GOLDWYN MAYER PICTURE with a brilliant supporting cast Honry Travers Robert Walter Dame May a Elsb BassOrman VanJohnsbn Bas^erniian C, Aubrey Smith Vietbt Frahcen Reginald Owen Margaret 0 Brien .Screen Play by Paul Osborn and Pbul H Rameau Based on the booR Madama Curie by Eye Curie
cLoyo^
— PLUS — lAfOO! WOO! in an office! \
II %% II jjp Hi AtV
WurMiy, ib,
Sports
mmmmim
BoiIerhfak(&'r koMhrs To Sillr Se co n d Win
In an attempt to gain their s^cotld victory m as many starts, the J^oilei maker tiack team will ]ouiIjpy to Chicago to face Northwestern, Chicago, and Wisconsin in a ^adi angular meet in the Chicago fileld house, Saturday ^ Coach Phillips has ahnoupced that twenty men will make the trip to the Wihc(y City. Of the quota announced, eleven junners have already been chosen by the coach on past expeiience because they have shown they can qualify for the meet without trying out The remainder
of the squad will be chosen from the time trials that were held last night. Ed Ericsson, Bill Beile, Ben Harvey, Bruce Pirtdlaysott, Nelson Klaus, S Susci, Bill Haynes, Bob Linblad, Merton Petei'son, Bob Steider, and Joe Kennedy are the men who •jVill definitely make the rtip Phillips also said that Bob Mansfeld, ace long-distance man who ranked second among two-mil ers in the conference, will be lost to the team foi the rest of the season because of illness
Ouifitet to Me^t Littb Giants Herd TomorraW
Bluejacket Five, Second Non-Confereld Foe, To Appear On Home Court Monday
'Ske’s more than a pal—she carries my supply of Sir Waltei" Raleigh!” TILL UP roVR POUCH with a supply of friendly, mellow Sir Walter Raleigh if you want real smoking enjoyment (And make sure, pal, that you smoke it in a pipe that gets cleaned repilarlyf) Take a ten-day leave from tongue-bite Get acquainted with those fragrant, choice Burley tobaccos in cool-burning Sir Walter Raleigh Today, try ”lhe qualtlv pipe tobacco of Avierica ”
SIR WALTER RALEIGH PII^E TOBACCO Smokes as sweet as it smells UNION MADE
BOOKS GIFTS STATIONERY ATHLETIC SUPPLIES OFFICE SUPPLIES
V
A
, AND EQUIPMENT Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery J'insL BhsaxL aniL fia&iAjieA,
Get the Bestl
SPORTS EOUIPr-iEIMT For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at 4th Street Annex
Reeck's Matmen Meet Wildcats At Evanston Saturday Afternoon Next Satuiday the wrestling team Will meet NotthWeStetu m the last dual meet for the RiVeterfe this season They Will go against a favorite for the Big Ten title, and they will have to compete minus the services of Newt Copble This meet will be a real test of the strength of the Boilermakeis, and it will give a pietty good indication of what can be expected of the RiVfeters m the Big Ten competition on the following Saturday Until they lost Copple, the Riveters* chances foi a share In the Big Ten title Were pietty good according to Coach Claude Reeck Copple 155 Pound Star Copple Was a V 5 student fiom Nebiaska, and a member of Phi Gamma Delta fiaternity He had been a legularjon the Riveter squad. Competing in the 155 pound class The ease with which he had beaten all comers duiing the season had led Coach Reeck to favor him foi a fiist in the Big Ten Now that he has left for Iowa Prefiight, his place will be filled by either Bruce Porter oi Bob
Roberts
Coach Reeclc will probably stai^t the following men Satuiday 121 pounds, Dave Laing, 128 pounds, Casey Stengle, 136 pounds, either Dan Netteshein or Bob Armstrong, 146 pounds, Ait Aeine, 166 pounds, eithei BiuCe Portei oi Bob Roberts, 165 pounds. Jack Shephard, 175 pounds, Dave Wyles, heavyweight,
J Wilson
try an EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Coaches Supervise Boxing Tournament With interest riding high the AllCampus Boxing Tournament is now in full sWihg Under the able direction of Coaches Beers and Champaigne the leather swingers have been trained and are now being directed in the pieliminary fights to waid the final events Although the preliminaries are now under way there is still time enough for anyone who wishes to enter The tournament is planned to include both novice or beginners and open 01 expel lenced boxers of all weights. The Weights aie distiibUted in the 118, 125, 136, 145, 166, 166, 175 pound classes and heavyweights Theie are but three requirements in entering the tournament First, feign up on the bulletin boaid on the boxing deck, then be piesent foi pieliminaiy training before the matches Also all contest ants must have a general knowledge of college boxing lules Finals Monday, February 19 The quaitei finals will be held^on the boxing deck Thursday, Febru aiy 17, at 4 00 p m The semi finals will be at 2 00 p m Saturday, February 19, in the Fieldhouse Then the final rounds will be held Monday night, February 21, at 7 15 in the Fieldhouse IM Schedules Thursday, February 10
Court 1
7 20, Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsi Ion Phi, 7 35, Sigma Chi vs Tau Sigma, 8 30, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Acacia, 8 45, Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Nu
Court 2
7 20, Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi, 7 35, Chi Alpha vs Phi Sigma Theta, 8 30, Phi Delta
Mackey Announces April 14-15 As Days For Football Clinic The thirteenth annual Purdue Football Clinic, the country’s pioneer gathering of its kind, will be held heie on April 14-16, it was announced by Guy Mackey, Boilermaker athletic directoi Director Mackey and Head Coach Elmei Burnham have already started planning for the tWo day program of addresses, demonstrations, and round-table discussions on practical phases of the gridiron game Past clinics have attracted average attendances of between 400 and 600 high school and college coaches from all paits of the middle
west
Daily Sessions Members of the University staff, who directed the Boilei makers thiough an undefeated, untied sea son last fall, along with othei leading college and high school mentors, will conduct the daily Sessions Potential members of the 1944 Riv etei squad will be used as models in field demonstrations of various phaseS\of the game
Currently clinging to second place in the Big Ten standing, the Riveter’s streamlined hardwood speedsters will return to the home court for a pair of non-conference engagements ovei* the coming week-end before resuming title play against Iowa's undefeated Hawkeyes at Iowa City on Friday night, Feb. 18. Tomorrow night the Boilermakers will meet Dale Davis’ Wabash quintet and Monday - evening the Bluejackets fr*om by Paul Armstrong and Herman Great Lakes will invade the Schaefer, former Indiana stars, are Fieldhouse The Little Giants making a strong bid for No l na-
will attempt to hit the .500 mark m their game with the RiVet
Probable starting line up Purdue Pos Wabash
F F C G G
Refeiee George Vaulk
Umpire
Hoffman
Horn
Fiazier
Haag
Fi lehd Officials Lafayette,
Jones
Hen mg Johnson
Swimmers To Face llllni At Champaign Saturday
T R Smith,
Theta vs Tau Pi Phi, 8 45, Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Xi Court 3 7 20, Beta Theta Pi vs Tiiangle, 7 35, Phi Kappa Psi vs Pi Kappa Phi, 8 30, Luma vs Chauncey, 8 45, War nock vs Owen Court 4 7 20, Rockets vs Rochdale, 7 35, Circle Pines Vs International House, 8 30, Marwood Vs Hot Shots, 8 45, Marstellar Maroons vs Doverettes
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax at the dioiet T'Owkk,
Blue Blazer
Jr
Walnut Room Cafe O.M. Pipes,'31
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
No. Name
Position
24 Lodge
F.
3 Horn
F.
9 Gustafson
F.
23 Kennedy
C.
27 Frazier
c.
30 Haag
G.
25 Friend
G.
WABASH
After fighting to the very finish in last Saturday’s defeat by North-
Chapien western, Coach Dick Papenguth's Goldbeig tankmen aie pieparing to clash II-
lini swimmers this coming Saturday at Champaigne The Illinois team
West Lafayette two eaily victories against Time 7 30 in Fieldhouse, Friday competition but this will be
then fiist meeting with Big Ten
competition
Though the Riveter team was deeis as they have won eight, while feated last week Coach Papenguth lomng nine fauly -well pleased with the The Wabash team boasts thiee times turned m and will start the men ovei six foot three inches on meet with essentially the same the team These men are Jones, a team Howevei, Johnny Juengst, forward, Heiimg, foiwaid, and -who turned in the suipnsing vreJohnson, center Then along with toi y in the fancy diving event, when these men the team IS balanced with the legulai diver Jack Bower was a pair of fast guards, Chapien and sick, will not be able to dive The Goldbeig only other change will be in the Although the Wabash quintet relay team provides the immediate problem on Also the Boilermaker tankmen Friday night, Monday night’s re aie looking foiwaid to the Confertuln engagement with a Gieat ence swimming meet which will be Lakes crew that defeated the Boil held a week from Saturday at eimakeis earlier in the season, Northwestern 69-62, looms as one of the highlights of the season The Bluejackets, led Buy War Bonds and Stamps
Souihju}ffiih!iL. SMALL ENOUGH .. to personalize its service to yoil, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer yon the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
No. Name 35. Jones 42. Hering 34. Johnson 21. Chapin 22. Goldberg
Position F. F. C. G. G.
Waid (Piggy) Lambert
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES « 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
The Place to SHOP . . . and SAVE
Everything for a College Education DEAC’SDrop Of 100 For New
t ^|^^^jh>ximate registration figures for the new ASTP term began Monday reveal that 1,200 men are now enrolled iti i|a®ib b,nd ,advanced engineering degrees, a decrease of 100 bfetotv last term, according to word received from the engi-
nbeting instruction staff.
\With the,beginning-of a new term, announcement has been made of two new special cur — —— > ricula, for advanced engineer- VOO in Basic Engineering
ihg mem One in surveying, ^hich includes elementary and advanced as well as aerial surveying and mapping, is for fotirth term civil engineers who have irtet.the. requirements of three se-ih4^fs~-qf basic engineering. The ^Cqhd is an acoustics and optics, giiteii by the physics department, iii§8’:''for fourth term men. There ate;approximately 30 registered in
^fth curriculum.
Notices
Ajj Students: Any student .who wishes to WaVk (or the ReKistrar durin^j the registration for the March term, March 3 and 4, will Jeave his name at the desk in the
ReBietrar's office,
—STONE.
' Debris Business Staff: Important meeting Ff.iday,. Feb, 11, at 4 p. m.» for all business office -saphomores. and juniors. Be there.
G—ULLSTROM.
tr^lcn Sophomores and Freshmen: Please report to south ballroom at 7:50 p. m. on T-htS.rsday, Feb. 10, to have Debris pictures
taieSp.-.:'
—WOOLLING. ^ ’tlii JLamfidaUpsilon: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. Feb; 10, in room 129 of Chem Annex. Pledge election, ^ V —LOTTES. Alt; ^todehts: Those with'senior pictures ni'tM l^Hs who have made honoraries or afeCtirfties since activity charts were filled, cdlh^ to Debris office before Monday, Feb. I4i and add to your card. \ —BAXJMER. . War Council: Meeting in Room 212 at 7 p. DO. Thursday, Feb. 10. Please report to sbtifh ballroom at 6:45 p. m. for Debris pic-
ture. '
—WOOLLING. Pi ’Tau Sigma: Informal initiation at 7:15 p. m. Thursday, Feb. 10, in M. E. Building, n.'- —EVANS. Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge hike, Saturday. Feb. 12,. Meet at west door of Union at 7 p. m. All actives intending to go, call Bended (2372). Initiation Banquet Sunday, Feb. 18,-at Lincoln Lodge. Meet at %yest door of Union at 4:30 p. m. All actives intending to go 0aU iSender, 2372. —BENDER Engineering Honorary Members: Tickets; for All Engineering Banquet may be ob^ined from the treasurer of your school or Bob Batchelor. —EVANS Freshman Engineers: Meeting of engineering lectures Saturday, Feb. 12, at 8 a. m. in Room 129 of E. E. ’\Building. ;; ; —KNAPP Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet Ijrill be held Tuesday, Feb. 22, at 5:15 p. m. lb-foom ?61 of the Union, All members and pledges please be there promptly. Will leave together by bus for initiation banquet at B p. ni. Members wishing to attend banquet call Ruth Leven, WRH 317, before Thursday, Feb.. 17. Bring money for keys and initiation, fees. —MILLER - All Students: Open house at University Church, Friday, Feb. 11, after supper. Entcriainment and refreshments. —STOREY : lijFnion Sophomores: Those who petitioned ah^ did hot receive jobs may call for their sobhotnore keys at the Union Office any afternoon at 4 p. m. -BOWLBY ^jou Beta Pi: Compul.sory meeting, Thursday. Feb. 12, for election of officers. Room wilj be announced later. Usual fifty cent fine for unexcused absence will be in effect. —EVANS
Of the 1,200 enrolled, approximately 700 are in basic engineering, while the other 500 are in advanced. The engineering students are distributed between the mechanical, civil and chemical engineering
schools.
Of the total, approximately 70 are AST reserves, who have not yet reached their 18th birthday, and who consequently do not receive pay or wear uniforms. At the end of the term after they are eighteen .they will be sent elsewhere for basic training, after Which, thfey will return to complete their course.
300 New Trainees
New trainees amount to about 300 in number, all replacements of graduates or men who' were sent hack to the troops. 157 men graduated at
the end of last terra.
Service Men Will See
As Friday Night Film This week’s Friday night movie for service men will bring “Banjo on My Knee” to the screen of the Music Hall. The film features Barbara StanWyck and Joel McCrea. The regular Friday rtight feature is part of the Social Recreation Plan and all service men who hold memberships may attend free of charge. This privilege is also available to wives of servicemen with Social Recreation memberships. Screen time is 1900 and a newsreel and shorts round out the pro-
gram.
Science Seminar
... will meet in room 263 of the
Union Monday night at 7:15 p. m, hAsiQIC Prof.|R. W. Field, of the General mUSIC llOUr
Engineering Department, will discuss “Industrial Changes Following the War” with the group. All persons interested are invited to attend and participate in the discus-
sion.
Lt. Leslie, Bare Handed, Captures Armed Kazi Soldier In a press dispatch from the Italian front, Lt. Carlyle R. Leslie, who graduated from the University in 1935 in Forestry, is credited with capturing barehanded a Nazi “higher than Schmeling and as tough as Joe Louis,” during the battle of Mount Camino. Leslie was a member of the American force that surprised and overran the Germans by climbing the face of a cliff that the Nazis thought was impossible to
scale.
According to Lt. Leslie, he was on top of Mount Defense looking for a place to sleep when the Nazi passed by the rock behind which Leslie was hiding. Leslie claims he just jumped on the enemy before he was discovered, and the German fell. Other officers with the unit told a different tale. Leslie had climbed up to his vantage point to bring in an artillery observer who had been hit in the stomach. Because he was going to carry the wounded man down the hill, he did not bring a weapon. The Nazi, a sergeant with seven years in the German army, came up the path, stopping every few yards to fire his machine pistol, probably to direct mortar fire. Lt. Leslie ducked behind a boulder overlooking the path. Although he might have remained hidden, he decided to attack the armed Nazi. When the enemy passed, Leslie jumped about fifteen feet, landing with his knees,on the man’s back. Then he clamped a hold around the German’s neck, and he passed out. The Nazi, who was wearing an Iron Gross won "in Russia, was lying flat on his face when he woke up. He had enough wind left to grunt, “Kamerad” and' “Nix”.
• BILL “BOJANGLES” ROBINSbl^r . . By all odds. Bill Roibnson is the most famous person to appear in the Victory Varieties here in l^afayette. Up till now the entertainment has been what might be called Class A without much accent oh the^ class. It has been good, certainly, and many times we would have been Willing to admit that an act was exceptional, but never has the management seen its way clear to hiring anyone with a price up in the four figure region. This Saturday will see a change in policy. (Unfortunately, it sees a change in price, too, but that’^ to be expected and in this case even ignored). , ^ Bill Robinson is hilled as the world’s greatest tap dancer. In his case those aren’t just empty words because show people themselves will tell you so if you ever bother to ask. When he gets up to walk around a bit, such greats as Fred Astaire and Eleanor Powell look on and learn. That’s a fact—not just our opinion. The old boy is 66 years old at present, but he shows no signs of ever slowing up. The scene in “Stormy Weather” when he did a novelty stunt on the bass drums was some of the most remarkable dancing we’ve seen
in a long time.
As you’ve probably gathered, we’re looking forward to seeing Bill perform Saturday night. He’s one of the best and we’re more than willing to sit still and watch while he proves it. Incidentally, that’s not scuttlebutt about his salary for the day’s work being over $1,000. We thought the figure sounded high and dropped around the recreation department to find out. They weren’t in the mood for publishing exact figures at the time, but they announced that it was well over the thousand dollar mark. While over at the recreation department, we picked up other smatterings of knowledge. The Varieties, for instance, usually cost in the neighborhood of $2,000 to produce. Ticket sales have so far managed to keep up with the outgo and at present there is a lovely surplus of $400 lying around as profit. Instead of throwing a party with it as we cheerfully suggested, they intend to keep it for use in balancing the budget some day when the show happens to run into the hole.
DON'T FORGET! Service Page CaHoiif NextTuesday
• DEEP SEA SWISHING A sailor on leave went to a farm to visit his girl friend. Her parents asked liiin to stay overnight and he accepted. Next morning after bi’eakfast he glanced out the window and noticed that a nearby river had overflowed. In fact, everywhere as far as he could see there was muddy water. While standing at the window, he noticed an old hat floating down stream which was bobbing up and down peculiarly. But most strange of all, when the hat reached what would have been the end of the lawn, it about-faced. and started floating back upstream. Aghast, the sailor called his girl friend to come see the wierd sight. She tossed a languid glance out the window and casually explained: “Oh, that’s Grandpaw. He said yesterday come hell or high water he was going to mow the lawn today.” Big 10 Scoring Leaders Big Ten Standings
W L Pet.
Iowa 7 0 1.000 Purdue ....; 7 1 .875 Northwestern 5 1 .833 Ohio State 6 2 .750 Wisconsin ...: 5 2 -" -.714 Illinois 2 4 .333 Michigan 3 7 .300 Indiana 0 7 .000 Minnesota •. 0 6 .000 Chicago 5 0 ''.000
King, Mich, 10 Ives, Iowa 7 Danner, Iowa 7 Grate, Ohio State.. 8 Risen, Ohio State.. 8 Struck, Mich. ........10 Hoffman, Purdue .. 8 Haag, Purdue 8 Bowen, Ohio State 8 Dugger, Ohio State 8 Patrick, Illinois .... 6
Horn, Purdue ... Hirsch, Mich. ... Patterson, Wis. Smith, Wis. ........ Kirk, 111
EG FT 55 27 59 16 56 13 54 12 49 19 52 8 39 18 33 16 29 20 38 15 34 17 33 8 24 21 38 10 31 6 20 23
Pts. 137 134 126 120 117 112
96 81 78 91 85 74 69 86 68 63
By FRANNY WILLIAMS Say, do you realize what the 14th is? That’s rights—Valentine’s Day. Do you have that something for your best heart beat. If you don’t hurry down to Southworth’s and see their large assortment of eards—everything from slam cards and humorous ones to beautiful large sentimental ones. You cah buy them written for: everyone from your grahdttia to your cousin, friend or what have you. , i Or if you don’t want a card, see the selection of; Sehrafft’s chocolates in six assorted flavors. If comes ill large or small red heart-shaped Boxes, ojc just regular boxes. They melt in your mouth. Pfir? haps you want something more than cahdy-j^M that case, go downstairs to Southworih's Gif^ ^ Shop. The^’e are gifts for young and old-—service men’s accessories, perfumes and perfume bottles, compacts, jeiveh; ry, picture frames, etc., etc., etc. '
It’s still possible to get all wool sweaters and skirts of the best. Loeb’s have a lovely selection of skirts^—^especially striking are those bon bon plaids in pastel colors with light backgrounds. They’re in all the new spring shades—really pret-, ty. You can also find checks and solid colors in twill, herringbone, and plain weaves. For “mixing or matching” aie all wool slip-over sweaters for $3.98 and up. Now’s the time to get them—at Loeb’s.
Do you have, trouble with wrinkles, unpresse^ pleats, or a shine on that favorite skirt, suit, or dress? If so, go to Thieme and Wangerin and Btiy a Pres Kloth for a perfect steam press—no stick, iio shine, no lint. The ii'on .slides ea.sily acroM. It’s a good buy for 69c and will save many times its cost in pressing bills. It’s a “must” ift keeping your wardrobe in good shape. While you’re there, notice the cute cotton slopjpy joe coat sweaters in red, yellow, and blue, for only" $1.25. Also, you will see some cute fancy cotton short sleeved coat style sweaters in red, aqua, and yellow. All this is at Thieme and Wangerin. «
At-
Glider Club: Meeting, Tuesday, Feb. 15, at 7 j30 p. m. See West Desk for room number. —BRIGHT Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting will be held at 7 :15 in room 263 of the Union today. Debris pictures will be taken at 9:00 after th^ meeting. —MINER Seniors: Those who have been elected to honoraries since filling out senior activity charis come to Debris nffice before Monday, Feb. 14, to add activities to charts, —BAUMER Pi Tau Sigma: Informal initiation at 7 :15 p. m., Thursday, Feb. 10, in M. E. Building. .. .—EVANS Eta Kappa Nu: Business meeting at 4 p. m.. Thursday, Feb. 10, in reading room, E. E. Building. JUENGST . Kappa Delta Pi: Pictures taken at 7 :40 p. m.,-Thursday, Feb. 10. Following pictures,. election of officers in room 231. —COMPTON Debris Business Staff: Important meeting, Friday, Feb. 11, at 4 p. m. for all business office sophomores and juniors. GULLSTROM Union Sophomores and Freshmen : Report to 4Bouth Ballroom at 7 :50 p. m., Thursday, Feh- Ifi. to have Debris pictures taken. '- -'WOOLING Council: Meeting in room 212 at 7 p. piv Thursday. Feb. 10. Please report Dj Sofith Ballroom at 6:45 for Debris picture, > . • WOOLING ' , ^^a.ZeCa: Important bu.^iness meeting, TuMday,. Feb. io, at 6:30 p. m. in room 21.2 All members lie present. SHERWOOD - ^l^ihcran Students' Association: Box So--e!iai*:^uiiday, Feb. 13. in church basement ut.7:30.p. m. Girls will pack box lunch for two. Drinks furnished. HOLLIDAY Chemistry 3, 4, 23 Students: Examinations for removal of condition grade will bei'given Saturday, Feb. 19, at 1:15 p, m. in room 233 of Chem. Annex. Authorization must be secured previously. PEARCE Dolphins: Actives and pledges ivport to Union at 7:40 p. m., Thursdayo Feb. 10, for Dobyis picture. MURPHY AWB Executive Board: Debris jiictures at 7 p. m>, 'Hiursday, Feb. 10. Board rne<4ing at 7:45 p, m. LUUBKRG Gold Poppers: i^iciures will be taken today in the KoujLh Ijallroom of the Union at 4220. • WEDGE Uvbris Pictures: ThurMlay, Feb. 10: 4:00. P lay shop : 4 ;10, Engim-ur; 4:20, Gold Peppers ; 4 :30, Camera Club ; 4 r-IO^ Glider Club ; 4:6P, Theta Alpha Phi; 6:20, “P” Men’s Club; 6:25, Dolphin Club; 6:30, PIA ; 6:10, Student Senate6:50, .Student War (.'oun- - eil-j 7:00, AWS; 7,:10. WBAA ; 7:20, Di-bris Business Staff, Sophomores: 7:3b. Sigma Delia Chi; 7;40, Kappa Della Pi: 7 :4(». DolpWh I T;60, Union, Soi)homure.s : B :00, Reameriii 6:14). Skull and Crescent; h :2U. Gimlet: 8:80, Alpha Phi Omega; 8:40. N<‘\yman Club; 8:50. YWCA; '9:00. Alplm Lamhda DidUi 9 :10. V. C. Meredith ; 9:20, Pljarniadint; 0:80, AFHA ; 9 :4U. Triton. ' • NEESE I^i--Pair of glnshefi, pink shell rimmed, KE Bld^. and Union, itewaid, 580i.
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan
Office, 407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Buy War Bonds and Stamps
Second music appreciation hour of the semester will be held today from 4 to 5 p. m. in the new music room which is on the second floor of the Musical Organizations office. Today’s program will consist of Brahfn’s First Symphony, one of the numbers which will be played ffiy the Iiuliana^mlis Symphony Orchestra when they appear here Feb-
ruary 18.
Next Thursday a third music appreciation hour is scheduled at which time Tschaikowsky’s piano Concerto, Opus 23, will be played. This number also is on the Indianapolis Symphony program. ' Miss Vassie Darnell, director of the music room, is in charge of both programs. '
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., FEB. 16, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS., FEB. 17, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., FEB. 16, 6:15 P. M. ADVANCED THURS., FEB. 17, 6:15 P. M. P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR PHONE 2150 ALLEN'S 6th and Ferry
■" —'L. '<s>^
VALEIVTIIVE GflEETIMG
EARDS
V., -.j-
and GIFTS
VALEIVTIMES DAY IS MONDAY, FEDRllARY 14lh-Sa Hurry! 4* DECKER’S
518-20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
HEAR IT^S THE TIMING THAT COUNTS^^ And if it^s time that’s bothering you - ♦ ♦ youll find the CAFETERIA is the quickest place to get a good meaL
JhSL
WsimohdaL lAmm, The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
DON’T DISAPPOINT HER! We have sonve beauliful valentines . . . also luscious Schrafft’s candy. msiTt eooK sw Across from the Union Building ,
H-
S
FLOWERS speak volumes ON VALENTINE'S DAY Monday, February 14 We'll telegraph flowers to her wherever she may be
527 Main Street
Co.
Phone 8451