, t
^ s'
“"tiJ , W r ^ f ‘ ^ ^ ^ ■^ '' ^ \ < ^'1 ‘ i|^-#j^ ^
!
# ■*%'S
, "'fSi
> 4
S ►
Parade of Opinion
Purdu© Exponent
TUESDAY Tanucny 31# 1939 Lafayette, Indiano VoL 50 No# 101
= ©A Week-by-Week Review ^ S of College Thought and ^ S Action on Important Top- ^ S ics of the ^y- S iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilii By Associated Collegiate Press Nomination Although 1940 is politically a long time away—many months in which anything can happen in the realm of those who bargain for votes and pork barrels—collegians have already started thinking about the Presidential campaign. “First to come out in the open on the whole question is the Butler University Collegian, which proposes that Secretary of State Cordell Hull be the Democratic nominee for the next resident of the White House. Why? Listen to this: “Mr. Hull is, we believe, the one man in the Democratic party today who could unite the conservative and liberal elements. He has supported the radical New Deal measures only mildly, and also has backed the conservative actions of the administration.” Will the Collegian’s candidate be able to come through ? What do you think? Marriage Collegians in all sections of the U. S. are clamoring for courses that will tell them all about the trials
Students Vote On Holiday Today Registration Period StaitS
This Morning In Armory
Book Exchange Will Open Today In Union Ballroom Students desiring to sell used books through the Student Book Exchange should register them with the Exchange today in the Union ballroom, according to R. A. Buckles, publicity director. The book mart will be open from 10 a. m. until 8 p. m. Books will be on sale tomorrow through Tuesday, Febru-
ary 7.
It was stressed that only books which will be used in next semester’s classes will be accepted by the
Exchange. Students must bring Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday (Thurs., Fri., Sat., Sun.) by passports when registering books. condensing the final exam period to one week. (Three finals per day).
Non-Profit Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday and compensate by shortening When books are filed with the Christmas vacation by one and one-half days.
exchange, they will be given call Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday by shortening the final exam
numbers. Numbers of books that have been sold will be posted hourly
in order that students may receive Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday without compensation, thus their money immediately. Students reducing by one and one-half days the p<^riod of instruction in the may set their own prices on books first semester. which they wish to sell, although Leave the University calendar as it is at present. (One-day Thanks-
Registering students today and tomorrow will have a chance to express their opinions on the ever grevious problem of the Thanksgiving holiday. Through the cooperation of the University Calendar Committee a ballot has been prepared for use at registration which will give the committee some indication of
general student opinion toward their proposals.
The fdllowing is a sample of the ballot that will be handed every student at registration^ and cpllected by the final in-
spector :
Results of the poll will be published in the Exponent as soon as a count has been made. Any action to make the new ruling effective must have the approval of the Executive Committee
and the faculty.
Five Alternat'e Proposals
(Vote X for one only)
clerks will be on hand to recommend
fair rates.
Student Book Exchange, a nonprofit organization operated by the volunteer student workers, charges no-commission for selling books.,
giving holiday.)
School ..
Class .
and tribulations of marriage and A order to make the Exchange per-
how they can be avoided. Simply stated by the Harvard University Crimson, they say: “It is becoming increasingly important that mature men and women should have some tnowledge about birth control and the many causes of divorce. Also they should know something of the effects such difference as age, class, grade, religion, occupation, politics, hobby, color, and sex have upon the marital relations. Expert information on such subjects ought to be available to college students.” That the new movement is not new on all campuses is shown by the fact that 200 colleges and universities already have such courses. Growth of the movemept is shown by the fact that there were only 22 such courses 12 years ago. Healt-h "" Recent revelation that two out of every thousand U. S. college students are infected with syphilis has started anew the clamor for mass examination of all college students. Says the Kent Stater of Kent State University, in agreeing with other undergraduate editorialists in all sections of the country: “Colleges should acknowledge their responsibility. Instruction on venereal diseases should be included in the regular curriculum. Authorities agree that control must begin with individuals in the age-group of first exposure. College students form the most important group in this class. Control in this group would offer a real hope for reduction in the general rate of infec-
tion.”
Trends Although no definite trend of collegiate opinion can be charted on the following subjects at the present'fime, there is no doubt about the importance of trends indicated by those who are doing some serious thinking about them—and, typical of collegians, they don’t pull their typewriter punches, either: Term Topics—from the Moorhead (Minn) State Teachers College Mistic: To eliminate the many evils of the requirement of long topics for many courses, the faculty should “require students to write a topic only in their major field, and limit topics to approximately one thousand words, requiring that they be the student’s own thoughts and ideas, and excluding all unnecessary quoted material.” But, counters the University of Southern California Daily Trojan: “If approached with the right mental attitude, a term paper is an incentive to study. It is an intriguing challenge that will stimulate- thought.-” Red Hunting—again from the University of Southern California Daily Trojan: “The boy who cried ‘wolf, wolf’ has nothing on Elizabeth Dilling, author of “The Red Network.’ Mrs. Dilling, through her classification in her book of President and Mrs. Roosevelt, Senator George Norris and the Republican Dr. Glenn Frank as dangerous (Continued on page 4)
manent. Junior workers will be eligible for election to the board of control which will organize future Exchanges. Purdue Agronomists Cooperate With State In Soil Survey Work Several members of the University agronomy department staff are cooperating with J. D. Hull, supervisor of the farm department, Division of Supervision of State Institutions, and the Agricultural Adjustment Administration, in eliminating the guesswork in the farming operations of the 15,000 acres of land owned by the State of Indiana at the various penal and benevolent institutions. T. M. Bushnell, in charge of the soil survey work in the state for the U. S. Department of Agriculture, and the Purdue Experiment Station, some time ago outlined the plans for the field study of the soils and assisted Paul Moore, of the farm department staff in carrying them out. These soil tests were made to determine lime requirements and just how much and what kind of fertilizer the different crops grown on the various fields needed. Use Aerial Photos The work is being done with the aid of a set of four maps made from aerial photographs, one showing the soil types, another the crop and fertilizer history of each field for the last five years, a third which is a drainage map, and another map showing the exact location from which soil samples were taken for testing. Hull and Moore had the cooperation of Bushnell and Leon Bailey, in charge of aerial surveying for the State Agricultural Adjustment committee, and George W. Scarseth, of the University agronomy staff. All are making their contributions in getting an exact picture of the state owned farms scattered at institutions all the way from Evansville to Michigan City. Pittsburgh Pirates To PI ay Here April 15 Designed to stimulate interest in the diamond pastime on the University campus, a Boilermaker-Pitts-burgh Pirate exhibition game will be held here Saturday afternoon, April 15, according to Nohle E. Kizer, director of athletics. It will be the final game of the training season for the Pirates. Another feature of the week will be the visit Wednesday, April 12, of Lew Fonseca, who will conduct a demonstration of baseball fundamentals in the afternoon and supervise a showing of the American League baseball movie in the eve-
ning.
HAND THIS BALLOT TO THE FINAL INSPECTOR Winter Grips Midwest, Students Delayed In Returning To Register Winter hit northern Indiana hard yesterday morning, virtually halting all traffic. Students reported tall stories of their almost futile attempts to return to school. The snow, which has stopped bus traffic from Chicago south, started some time after 2 o’clock Monday morning, according to
Bill Berg, ME ’40.
“It was not even blowing when I got in at 2 o’clock Monday morning in Chicago. By the time I started to come back to school there were snow drifts six to eight feet high along Michigan Boulevard. The spray from the lake made the Outer Drive impassable. There were no buses, taxis, or cars moving. It took three hours to make 10 miles,” said Bill as he thawed out in the Exponent office. Races Train ^ Marian White, Sci ’40 from Kankakee, had trouble getting from the house to the station. “I left home at just the time for the train to leave Chicago. There was no way to get to the station but walk. I got there just as the train did. I had walked two miles and the train had come 40 miles,” she said. There were drifts waist deep along the sidewalks. ' One intelligent student rode the snow plow from Hammond to Kentland. “It was the only way back,”
he said.
In Chicago no schools, grade, high, or parochial, opened. An Exponent staff member from Chicago Playshop To Present This Thing Called Love Second semester Playshop season opens Wednesday, February 16, and will continue through the 18th. “This Thing Called Love,” a threeact play by Edwin Burke, will be the production. Ruth Bennett, of “I’ll Marry the Actress,” heads the female cast opposite Robert Schwomeyer. The, remainder of the cast is as follows:I Mary Alice Miller, Lewis Morrison| Margaret Magley, Richard Pink, Patricia Potter, and Seymour Udell H. Kenn Carmichael is director and John Dietrich is in charge of the stage.
Dr. Robert E.
. . . Wean, of the biology staff, will become a member of the faculty of the University of Illinois. Wean graduated from the University in 1929. ■ ■ ^ He has been serving in place of Di’. C. L. Poi’ter who is in Europe on a leave of absence.
Ned Booher..
. . . Sci. ’33, has accepted a civil service appointment in Washington, D. C., in the bureau of agricultural economics.
remarked, “14.8 inches of snow in 14% hours halted bus service, left trains the only means of transportation to Lafayette. Greatest difficulty was in getting to the Monon or Big Four depots by “L” trains switching around serious wrecks, or in snail-paced street cars and
cabs.”*
The stoi’ni originated in the Texas Panhandle and swept over a dozen
states.
J. H. Armington, U. S. weather bureau meterologist at Indianapolis, said the heavy rains of the last two days would cause some rise in the Wabash and White rivers, but that he anticipated no serious floods. Dr.PirnieToSpeak At Forestry Meeting Dr. Miles D. Pirnie, director of the Kellogg Bird Sanctuary and professor of zoology at Michigan State College, will deliver an illustrated lecture on “The W. K. Kellogg Bird Sanctuary” before members of the Forestry Club in the Horticulture Building auditorium on Tuesday, February 7, at 7:30 p. m. Pirnie was a student of the noted orthinologist. Prof. Arthur Allen, of Cornell University. For the past 10 years he has studied water fowl problems in the lake states and in Canada. Now he supervises a water fowl research project in Manitoba, sponsored by the American Wildlife Institute. Aside from Dr. Pirnie’s work as a conservationist, he is known for his outstanding colored motion pictures of birds and animals. Dr. C. D. Christie, Former inslrudor. Dies in Ohio According to a report received by the University yesterday Dr. Chester D. Christie, former assistant in chemistry, died in Cleveland, 0. Dr. Christie was serving on the faculty of Western Reserve University as assistant professor of medi- . cal ehemi§try He served on the University faculty in 1908 and 1909. Dr. Christie was known as one of the leading authorities on diabetes. THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today. Tomorrow rain in south with rain or snow in north.
Second semester registration begins today for distinguished students at 8 o’clock in the University Armory. At 8:30 students who have no unremoved C, D, or F grades will start registration according to the first letters of their surnames.
Registrees should enter the Armory by the west door. Students must have either their first semester schedule card or their permit to
register.
Last semester’s registration marked 6,484 students. The registration for the second semester is as
follows:
I Distinguished students of June, 1938. have the privilege Of registering at 8 a. m. Tuesday, January 31, or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, or I grades on record,^ and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
W-Z—Tues., Jan. 31, 8:30-9:00 a. m. St-V—Tues., Jan. 31, 9:00-9 ;30 a. m. Sc-Sr—Tues., Jan. 31, 9:30-10.00 a. m. Por-Sa—^Tues., Jan. 31, 10:00-10:30 a. m. Mop-Pop—Tues., Jan. 31, 10:30-11:00 a. m. Ma-Moo—Tues., Jan. 31, 11:00-ll :30 a. m. Ker-L—Tues., Jan. 31, 11:30-12:00 a. m. Him-Kep—^Tues., Jan. 31, 1:00-l :30 p. m. Gio-Hil—Tues., Jan. 31, 1:30-2:00 p. m. Dum-Gin—Tues., Jan. 31, 2 :00-2:30 p. m. Coa-Dul—^Tues., Jan. 31, 2:30-3:00 p. m. Boo-Cly—Tues., Jan. 31, 3 :00-3:30 p. m. A-Bon—Tues., Jan. 31, 3 ;80-4:00 p. m. III. Undergraduate and special students, who have unremoved C, D, or I grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
V-Z—Tues., Jan. 31, 4:00-4:30 p. m. Sm-U—Tues., Jan. 31, 4:30-6:00 p. m. Na-Sl—Wed., Feb. 1, 8:00-8:30 a. m. M—Wed., Feb. 1, 8:30-9:00 a. m. Ke-L—^Wed., Feb. 1, 9:00-9:30 a. m. He-Ka—Wed., Feb. 1, 9:30-10:00 a. m. Fm-Ha—Wed., Feb. 1, 10:00-10:30 a. m. D-Fl—Wed., Feb. 1, 10:30-ll :00 a. m. Bre-C—Wed., Feb. 1, 11 -.00-11:30 a. m. A-Bra—Wed., Feb. 1, 11:30-12:00 a. m. IV. Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
S-Z—Wed., Feb. 1. 1:00-l :30 p. m. L-R—Wed., Feb. 1, 1:30-2:00 p. m. F-K—Wed., Feb. 1, 2 :00-2 :30 p. m. A-E—Wed., Feb. 1, 2:30-3:00 p. m. V. Graduate students register according to the first letters of their surnames, as fol-
lows :
W-Z—Tuese., Jan. 31, 9:00-10:00 a. m. Sn-V—Tues., Jan. 31, 10 :00-ll :00 a. m. Ro-Sm—Tues., Jan. 31, 11:00-12:00 a. m. Mi-O—Tues., Jan. 31, 1:00-2 :00 p. m. Lb-Mh—Tues., Jan. 31, 2:00-3:00 p. m. J-Ka—Tues., Jan. 31, 3 .00-4 :00 p. m. H-I—Wed., Feb. 1, 8:00-9:00 a. m, E-G—Wed , Feb. 1, 9 .00-10 :00 a. m. Coo-D—Wed., Feb. 1, 10 :00-ll :00 a. m. Bi-Con—Wed., Feb. 1, 11:00-12 :00 a. m. A-Be—Wed., Feb. 1, 1:00-2 :00 p. m. AChS To Sponsor Crime Detection School Thursday
Freshmen To Select. 11 Senate Members During Registration From 33 candidates, freshman students will select 11 to represent them in the Student Senate for the coming semester, the elections being held today and tomorrow in the south end of the Armory during the registration period. Six senators will be elected to represent the engineering schools, while one each will represent the science, home economics, pharmacy, physical education, and agriculture schools. - Since physical education school has only one candidate, John Galvin, he automatically becomes elec-
ted to the Senate. Other candidates are:
Engineering School—^W. Frank, H. Deutman, J. C. Chase, L. H. Miller, C. E. Thompson, K. Wood, R. B. Trueblood, E. Laramore, R. DeGarmo, J. McNulty, W. A. Hepburn, E. Ford, W. L. Gourley, F. Merriell, C. J. Kennedy, F. G. Belles, and J.
Reiner.
Science School—C. F. Gobble, T. Anderson, G. Ogden, and C. Stan-
dard.
Pharmacy School—T. D. Carpenter, E. Margolis, and T. Sly. Home Economics School—Ilda Irwin, Mary Ellen Scarff, Beth Partenheimer, Bernadine Evans, and
Ruth Newton.
Agriculture School—D. S. Powers, D. Ogilvie ,and J. E. Walley. Purdue-I, U. Game Complete Sell-Out A complete sell-out of seats for Purdue’s return basketball battle with Indiana here on February 27 was announced today by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. The demand has far exceeded the capacity of the Fieldhouse, Doan announced, and it will be necessary to return innumerable mail orders In the initial meeting between the two Hoosier rivals at Bloomington earlier in the season, Indiana nosed out the Boilermakers 39-36, in a brilliant hardwood encounter that marked the first victory for the Hoosiers over a Lambert-coached five since 1935. The return battle is expected to be one of the highlights of the Big Ten season. Canners'Convention Here February 7,8 Neai’ly 1,000 Indiana canners and canning men meet at the University for the 12th annual Canners’ conference to be held here February 7 and 8. The conference is part of the program of the Indiana Canners’ Association. Professor Harry Reed, acting director of the University Agriculture Experiment Station is director of the conference. Wednesday evening meals will be given the outstanding tomato growers at the “Sons of the Soil” closing banquet. Red neckties will be given those who have contributed the most to Indiana’s tomato busi-
ness.
Prof, J,J, Davis,;: . . . head of the entomology department, will return Thui'sday from Baton Rouge, La., where he is attending the first Pest Control Operators’ Conference for operators in the southern part of the United States. While in the South, Professor Davis will confer with several government officials regarding major entomology problems.
“Detection and Control of Crime” will be the theme of the AChS conference planned for Thursday in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building. The local section has made a special effort to arrange a crime detection conference that will be of interest to students, staff and general public. As expected, the sessions will tackle the subject of crime detection from the viewpoint of the chemist, but the program has been designed so that the average person can understand and obtain benefit from it. All meetings will be open to the public. Toxicologist To Speak To open the afternoon session at 3:30, Don L. Kooken, supervising lieutenant, Indiana State Police, will discuss, “General Methods of Crime Control in Indiana.” Following him Dr. R. N. Harger, Professor of Biochemistry and toxicology at Indiana University School of Medicine, will give his observations on “Analytical Toxicology.” Dinner will be served to the delegates in the Union Building at 5:45 It will honor the speakers and is open to the public upon advance reservation with C. L. Shrewsbury in the Ag Chemistry Building. The evening session St 7 p. m. wtll" be opened by Dr. W. D. McNaUy, former toxicologist of Cook County, 111., when he presents “Arsenic, the Handy Agent of the Secret Poisoner.” “Use of Scientific Methods in Criminal Identification With PaiN ticular Reference to Ballistics,*’ is the title of the talk to be presented by Dr. J. H. Matthews, Prof, of chemistry at the University of Wisconsin.^/libfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^OfttuhOA.
Tuesday, January 31,1939
'’'■'V I'' i<‘
m
Stop, Look...
. . . and think—today and tomorrow before you answer the questions on the Thanksgiving vacation ballot at registration. If 6,500 students really consider the five proposals offered and vote after intelligent thought, the resulting data will mean something to the committee which wishes to answer the problem of a possible four day Thanksgiving vacation. Consider the proposals carefully. The fifth one leaves the calendar just as it was this year. The balloting at re^stration is a result of apparent dissatisfaction with that plan. Plan four robs students of class time in return for a two and a half day plus a week-end Thanksgiving vacation. Plan one will run us the risk of having three finals in a day—two have seemed “formidable” under the present system when they have been necessary. Plan number two will cut our Christmas vacation by one and a half days and will work a particular hardship on those of us who must spend a day or so enroute—school to home and back to school. The third plan allows a condensation of the final examination schedule to 14 instead of 16 days with no decrease at all in the number of instruction periods in any course. The ballots are self explanatory—a sample is published on the front page of today’s Exponent. You are helping decide a question of University policy for yourselves. Think carefully. Vote intelligently.—S. McK. Dear Mother... . . . Please send me three dollars. I lost my pocketbook . . . Johnny. But on the other side of the post card, there was no address. The space reserved for Mother’s name and street number was blank. Regardless of how badly the three dollars was needed. Mother would never get that message. And, unusual as it may seem, this Johnny is a college student. He has gone through at least twelve years of schooling and still sends one or more letters or cards to the Lafayette dead letter box every day. Too often the message is more pathetic than humorous. Many times there is a real need for the word to get somewhere. Yet, the year around, Johnny continues to make the same mistake and wonders what is wrong with Uncle- Sam’s Post Office system. Perhaps if the local postmaster would post a few of the most horrible examples on the Post Office bulletin board, he might get some results. At least, an exhibit of homeless letters might remind some that addresses are more important than messages.—L. S. H.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager. R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor.— L. S. Hardin City Editor U. A. Bailey Associate Editors C. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. P. Berg Sales Manager .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. .W. E. Smith Art Director. ; D. J. Henhinger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafi Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
Ind.
ENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTOn ■ LOS ANSBLIS - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. Afi opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are vrritten by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—^McKee Tuesday, January 31, 1939
to the Editor
NOT-SO-HOT SHOTS To the Editor: Believe it or not, there is still, in the state of Indiana, and I suppose in the sui’rounding states, a belief that the girls who come to Purdue University are the goon-child-ren of the middle west. I don’t think so. I think that there is about the same percentage of good-lookinlg girls here that can be found on any state university campus. But nevertheless, there seems to be a rumor out that this is a haven for girls who think that they can’t get a husband any place else. And I think that is a bad form of publicity. I think that most of the fellows who have been here for awhile think so. But about a week ago in the rotogravure section of the Indianapolis Star a set of four pictures appeared with the caption “Purdue’s Most Beautiful Co-eds.” Which was probably a very good idea—IF there had been a reasonable likeness of the four girls printed! In short, the portraits stank. The photographer’s name was not given, and I don’t blame him. He should go in for caricature. But somewhere in this great institution, there must be a publicity department who is supposed to look out for such matters. Were they a.sleep, or don’t they care? J. B. M., ME ’39.
2500 A. D. designed by eight different outstanding American industrial designers. These men, some of whom have never yet designed anything more frivolous than a locomotive, lent their genius to Vogue with what startling results! What a contrast the streamlined gold aluminum foil evening coat designed by Russell Wright of Reynold’s Metal makes with today’s fluffy marabou or ermine wraps! Even tweed, the newest whim of fashion looks decidedly dated beside this twenty-first century wonder accented with a headlight for a tiara! “Something old, something new,” but tomorrow’s bride will go clad in glass! Yes, spun glass fashioned into a shimmering white gown with a sparkling veil of Goodyear’s pliofilm. Egmont Arens, who has designed everything from lamps to permanent wavers, adds a shining belt of traffic reflectors. Raymond Loewy gives us the allhour dress, a wool frock which can be transformed into a dinner dress by unzipping the sleeves, and which he believes will be eminently suited to tomorrow’s fast-traveling women. Today, however, we Americans prefer the little spring prints which are so suited to our casual life, or the neat informal suits, an American specialty. Prints, by the way, are small and geometric this spring, with navy and swing skirts high fashion notes. George Sakiei’, an engineer and
an artist prophesies disappearing skirts since travel in planes and gliders will make them cumbersome. In line wi;^ the shorts and doublets of the future ^re today’s American play clothes.
^pinack
By Betty Wickard
Americana—^that’s the February 1 edition of Vogue, and, true to form, it canies everything from the World's Fair to Bob Benchley! In a special World's Fair section are eight outfits for the woma^ of
tlttNICK INIIRNATIONAl jwn DOUOUS 6AYN0R FAIRBANKS, JR. Muinn GODDARD YOUNG IN HMRT TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Does that Purdue-Pittsburgh Pirates baseball game indicate the strength of the Boilermaker team or a continuation of that Pirate “collapse” ? Those four hundred I. U. freshmen who wrote identical answers on an English literature final must still believe in that “majorityrule” legend. Hitler times his waits while the rest of the world waits its time. A ^Louisiana psychologist says family squabbles are healthful, all of which may mean that the 47-46 Senate WPA vote indicates there will be no need to “doctor” future appropriation bills.
NATURAL HURRACHE SPORT OXFORDS —They are New — with Nap Soles and Low Heels
PtalaisL. HojijaL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
The eds and co-eds by now have drowned their grade troubles and are ready to try another semester. Time is nigh for cases of bad eyes, appendicitis, and other medical ailments to set in . . . yes poppa and mamma are going to have company. Have a good time kids. Definitions: SUGAR DADDY (not the one in the song)—a form of crystallized sap. HOSE—rubber filled with water; silk filled with legs. OPERETTA—A girl who says “Number please.” EDITOR—That who when the paper is no good he claims he is not the. Reverberations of the NSFA convention can still be heard around the campus. Several groups seem set on going south to Charleston and the Citadel convention. We do no think that it is so much Bill Henderson that’s’ attracting the boys, but it might be those southern gals. Another group might shift its journey to Texas if the Texas delegation doesn’t go to Charleston. Have you noticed the hours and hours MARGE BLOCKER has been spending in the Sweet Shop lately? She appears minus her very recently acquired Phi Kappa pin; and the Shop is a keen place to meet new men ’tis said. But maybe the pin is only in temporary hiding. (And here’s a killer-diller for a closer.) And so, dear friends, this is the end. Of this here gossip sheet. For inside dope you can depend On me, who can’t be beat. Just wait until the Sweet Shop starts to bulge again, and I’ll have ^ome real stuff.
* Copr. 1999 Ity United Feature Syndicate, Ino.
“Lem’s feudin’ agin’ every family in the valley since vein’ made district census taker—^figgers every one he knocks of! now will make it easier in 1940!”
I’m ending again, but I wanted to quote a few PE 21 questions that we picked up. They’re true or false, either one. “Football is an ideal intramural high school sport?” “Movable back-stops are made necessary on.the Purdue Intramural Field to accommodate the Military Department.’ ’ “Unless schedules are printed in the Exponent, teams are not required to appear?” (That pleased us, no end). “Boxing is the only sport whose main objective is “get your man.” “Lost keys and towels are replaced without charge at Purdue?”
Did you pass??
Joyce Johnson rode the Monon from snowbound Chicago last night with Frank Hurst and two other
lads . ilton.
better be careful. Bob Ham-
TODAY — TOMOUHOW DOUBLE FEATURE
trecTfvl
— PLUS — COME ALONG TO OiLEE-FILLED SPREi-FiLiii^ PARIES
ROSEMARY UNE • HUGH iiyiSl rALS.£C HERBERTiALLEN JENKINS UEiu Bicni)ii.Ma»uE mm-ma mo-mrz roe m THE SCHNfCKELFRITZ BAND
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
iMmg TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
with DIXIE DUNBAR WILLIAM LDNDIGAN^ CONSTANCE MOORE ERNEST TRUEX — PLUS —
Start Right Be right there by wearing the latest in Shirts, Trousers, Jackets, Etc. Don’t go without the things you need. We have them at reasonable prices. CORDS, All Colors $2.98 MACKINAWS, AU Colors J5.97 SWEATERS $1.98, $2.98 Slipovers and Zipper WOOL TROUSERS, Fancy Colors $2.98, $3.98 SHIRTS, All Colors - 98c HATS $1.98 RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Phone 5730
Y,
ryj ^ W^ r?l. ,^^?{, ^ **
J / k ^
.y,Jf^'^
I' 4
m Tuesday, January 31,1939
I
Leather Throwers ' Prepare For Golden Gloves Tournament By Joe Dolan The little plateau a few feet above the Fieldhouse Gym floor, the Purdue boxing gym, has been putting on the appearance of Wall Street in ’29 during the past few days, as Cdach “Punchy” Maxwell prepares his charges for the coming Lafayette American Legion Golden Gloves boxing tournament. The tournament will be held in the Lafayette Maxwell’s Record When “Punchy” took over the Purdue pugilist reins in 1936, Purdue’s boxing representation in the annual Golden Gloves tourney was more or less a haphaziird affair, with the results much in the same category. Sock Kurtz and a lad by the name of Harvey were the only Boilermakers to make an impresGolden Gloves Squad To Report For Physical Exam Members of the Purdue Golden Gloves squad will take a physical examination today in the national guard Armory in Lafayette from one until five o’clock, according to Coach “Punchy” Maxwell. “The team need not worry over the problem of weight,” Maxwell said last night.
THE PURDUE
EXFC»<ENT
3 •
Badgers, Riveters Prepare For Clash Monday Night BanerymenToBegin
Boilermakers Continue Practice In Good ascbal
Condition; Coach Lambert Scouts Gophers
Wisconsin Mentor, Dissatisfied With Charges, Changes Lineup; Marsh-Center
Workouts Thunday
Madison, Wis., Jan. 31—(Special)—Pessimistic over the outcome of the recent poor Badger stand against Western Conference competition, Coach Bud Poster sent his Wisconsin basketball charges through a heavy scrimmage here today in preparation for Michigan State College Saturday
night and Purdue Monday night at Lafayette.
Expressing himself as being on
sion in the early days of the glamorous, now international, Golden Gloves. “Sportsmanship” was the initial word uttered by Maxwell to his pu-
pils, and from that embryo idea of ring fair play, grew the Purdue boxing code, “Sportsmanship begins where the rules leave off,” which is daily drilled into the Gold and Black leather throwers. “Boo’s” that used to greet the “college boys” are now emphatic applause, due to the extreme amount of good fellowship displayed by Purdue men between the ropes. Sportsmanship Pays We have been connected with the local Golden Gloves since 1936, and never once have we heard Purdue’s congenial boxing boss utter one word against officiating, judges’ decisions, or the million-and-a-half other objects boxing leaders and their aspirants use for the typical
alibi.
And so Punchy’s champions Steve Bacharach, Red Hardesty, Fred Ramputi, Alan Dilts, and Lawrence Lyles mimic their teacher and bring cheers for their sportsmanship as well as their beautiful footwork, precisibn, and timing. Yes sir, the growing admiration and approval of Purdue boxing teams can well be linked with the coach, “Punchy’s” hypothesis — “sportsmanship begins where the rules leave off.”
By the Mile
REOT-A-CAR . . For Biuiness or Pleasure
REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
Phone 6455
314 N. Fourth
vdl like tLe . . .
STAR GLOW LI PSTICK
NEW STAR GLOW LIPSTICK Lj FRANCES DENNEY Seductive shades that flatter lovely lips in daytime or at night . . . indelible . . . with a new, subtle perfume ... in a stunning lipstick case studded with golden stars.
to maLe
a ^jLoveiled y.
m
LOEB&HENE COMPANY Main Floor
the whole dissatisfied with progress of his squad, in the Big Ten games. Poster kept a keen eye on his team with a view of increasing the Badgers’ defensive and offensive play.
Shifts To Guard
Fred Marsh, six foot five inch center has been shifted to a guard post. Marsh is fast for a man of his build, handles the ball well and
IS a fair shot.
Up to the present tune, the veteran Ernie Davis, has been the Badgers’ only tall guard. Rundell and Weigandt have assisted Davis in the back court burdens. Foster declared today that the shift has not worked out too well because both are of comparatively short, rugged,
type of player.
One development which decided Foster to try Marsh at guard was the marked improvement in Gene England’s play at center. The big sophomore, who is six feet four and a half inches tall and weighs 200 pounds, has come along fast and is now able to take over the pivot duties when Horace Bell tires. WBAA I On The Air—
^ "I
With the team intact from a heavy scrimmage against recent University examinations, the Boilermaker net squad continued its daily practice yesterday in preparation for the first game of the second semester against the Wisconsin Badgers here Monday night.
“The team is in good condition,” Captain Gene Anderson, veteran center, said yesterday afternoon, “and the whole squad is in pretty good spirits. The Riveters haven’t grown stale from lack of competitive foes but are keyed up for the remainder of the schedule.”
'The Voice of Purdue''
—TODAY— 11 -00—The Dentist Says 11 16—Social Security Talk 11 36—Home Makers, Marion Giiffith. 11 ‘60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Noon Melodies 12.30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 -46—Songs and Melodies 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1 15—Electrical Shops 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1 45—Market Reports 2 00—Stinson Brothers, guitars. 2 16—Pat Keiser, pianist 2 30—You and Your Child 2 46—Ti ensure Chest
Boilermaker Squash Squad Sqlits Even In Minneapolis Matches A Boilermaker squash contingent composed of A. W. Sokolowski, Orie Jackson, and Bob Juve won and lost one team match in a mid-western meet ih Minneapolis, Minn., last Friday and Saturday. The trio defeated Milwaukee’s Town Club, 3-0, and lost to Chicago’s John Marshall Club, 3-0. M. L. Clevett, varsity squash mentor, was eliminated from the first round of an individual player’s tournament by J. L. Andres of Minneap-
olis.
Sixteen clubs from six cities were playing in the tournament which drew approximately 40 players. Riveter Football Squad To Meet Vanderbilt Team The Boilermaker football squad will clash with the colorful Vanderbilt eleven, one of the leading teams of the Southwestern Conference, in a home and home football series in 1941 and 1942, according to Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics, yesterday. The Commodores, coached by Bay Morrison, a leading exponent of the lateral pass style of wide open play, will provide opposition for the Riveters here September 27, 1941, and Purdue will meet Vanderbilt at Nashville, Tenn., October 3, 1942.
For Pipes to Fit Your Personality DR. GRABOW PIPES AT H. C. (Deac) REISNER'S
II (AV .fi MO G4 ^
)li:=trNkMA N "PRODUCT
.^.s A OR- 0«A»OW fi^fsmoKtv PIPE...
SWEITEST VATe
0« AWY CAMPUS/ .
Don't give hor o fratornity pin— give her a whiff of o Dr Grobow Pipe—Pre Smoked by on exclusive mechonicol smoking machine fhot mokes it sweet from the first puff. M.llaknsi A Compapy, Cbicago
NO BREMIN'G l'N>! NO BITTER TASTE!
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDLTIONED
For EconorYiy The Lahr Hotel
“Piggy” Out of Town ^ Although Coach Piggy Lambert was in Chicago witnessing the Min-nesota-Chicago game last night, the Boilermakers went through a light scrimmage and took a few foul tosses. The. usual quintet of Fisher and Igney at forwards, Anderson at center, and Dickinson and Beretta guards, will assume duties as the starting lineup for the Badger contest with Swarts, Herschelman, and Hutt ready to break into the lineup, according to Lambert last week. Chicago Cracks In Second Half; Minnesota Victor Minnesota jumped back into undisputed possession of first place in the Big Ten basketball standings last fiight by whipping Chicago for the second time this season, 34 to 27. The Gophers overcame Chicago’s halftime lead of 17 to 15 with 10 minutes remaining in the second half, and were never again headed. It was Minnesota’s fifth conference victory in six games and Chicago’s fifth loss in six. Minnesota tied up the score at 20 to 20 in the second half and then
Pitcher and catcher candidates for the varsity baseball squad will begin working out in the Fieldhouse Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Pitchers and catchers will continue to work out daily until the southern trip late in March, Other members of the team will report in few weeks, when the batting cages have been set up in the Fieldhouse. Carrol Mangas is the only hurler missing from last year’s squad. Among those upon whom Fehring pins his hopes for this season’s nine are Amoldj Bredewater, for two years one of the most consistent ball tossers in the conference; Homer Warner, who saw quite a bit of action last year, and a group of sophomores which includes Bob Bailey, Rex Chamberlain, and Dick Wargo. Arthur Bredewater and Howard McAfee are returning catchers, with sophomore Bud Fisher expected to add strength to the backstop posi-
tion
Women's Bureau Official Will Discuss Hours Bill Miss Mary Anderson, director of the United States Department of Labor Women’s Bureau, Washington, D. C., will speak on the Wages and Hours Bill at 8 o’clock tomorrow night in the Union Building faculty lounge. This address is sponsored by the Purdue Women’s Club, the Altrusa Club, the American Association of University Women, the Business and Professional Women’s Club, and the League of Women Voters. paced by Addington, Kundla and Spear, went on to win. Chicago led at one time in the first half by eight points.
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP Sfore^ for Men Quality Clothes, Hats, and Furnishings
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist^ 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
r%RINTING Bj^^Oinc* Stoilontry. , O 1 Waddins InvlUUon* PHONE ■ Wm Book.,Etc.... 2628 CASSEL'S 40t FERRY
' KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycl^ ac---essories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
We Pay 50% Cash For Second-hand Books Every Day H. G. 'Deac" REISNER^ i !■ ^tT
1 \
t .
3[ocaL (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TLoJtujuL
Tuesday, January 31,1939
11
ff
Parade Of Opinion - (Continued from page 1)
pocket change on a football game, a bad loser is as undesirable as the worst kind of a West Texas sand storm.”
PERSONNEL NOTES
radicals .has destroyed her effectiveness in the eyes of the American public. Her words carry little weight for she is now regarded as a half-sister to Congressman Martin (‘Shirley Temple is a I’ed’) Hies in the American public family.” The Wagner Labor Relations Act —^fiom the University of Wisconsin Daily Cardinal: “There is one criticism which IS perfectly justifiable. Employeis are unable to appear before the labor board in order to piesent chaiges against any labor oieanizations. Outside of this one piovision. the Wagner Labor Relations Act must be kept intact Its lepeal. or even drastic revision, vould be a confession that the U. S. goveinment is not ‘of the people,’ but a tool of the vested interests.”
Polls On peace strikes: Mills College students voted 293 to 57 in favor of participating in the national student peace day scheduled to be held in April. Greatest American today: Hunter College senior women voted the honor to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, said he should be given the Nobel peace prize. On “ism” teaching: Exactly 88 per cent of the University of Minnesota students included in a recent interview said faculty members had made no attempt to influence them in regard to communism, socialism, or fascism.
Senator Sheppard’s proposal to revive prohibition—from the Texas Technological College Toreador: “Mr. Sheppard, as you remember, was the author of the Eighteenth Amendment, and despite the fact that time proved his brain child to be a miserable failure, has each year since repeal introduced just this same bill. Surely by this time he can see that he is barking up a tree empty of any sort of game. We have never liked die-hards. And whether it is a U. S. senator or a college student who has lost his
On radio artists: Tem^e University studegits voted Jack Benny, Charlie McCarthy and the Radib Theatre as the “most listened to” programs. Kay Kyser and Larry Clinton were most popular dance bands. On mustaches for collegians: the Macalester College co-eds voted 95 per cent against them. On jobs: Cornell University’s placement bureau director says the facts in his possession reveal employment prospects in June will be brighter than they were last year. On the value of college education: Princeton University undergraduates voted 82 per cent strong that they believe their four years in college will be worthwhile.
Company: Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago, 111. Representatives: M. J. Maiers of the training division, R. A. Dingman, and R. F. LaMor. Visiting Purdue: Wednesday and Thursday, February 8-9. Interviewing: Senior electrical mechanical, and public service engineers. Employment: A one year braining course consisting of departmental assignments and classroom work, which leads into engineering, operations, design, sales, and commercial work. Salary $110 for first six months; $125 for second six months. Literature on this company is available in the offices of Professors Harding, Young, and Knapp.
Telephone Man Will Appear At
Special Convo
Classiiied
Ads
Purdue Camera Club: Date for accep* tance of prints for the tJhveling exhibit hag been postponed for two Weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-6) —HADBKN.
ME Sophomores; Get notice regarding revised listing of aeronautics courses from school office. (1-31) —WOOD.
Dr. J. C. Perrine, representative of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, will appear before the University student body tomorrow night at a special convocation demonstration of “Waves, Words, and Wires.” The convocation will start in the Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. 0. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Exponent Staff: There will be a meeting of all editorial staff members in the Union Thursday night, February 2, at 7:30. —HARDIN.
ROOMS FOR RENT
Skull and Crescerit: Meeting at 7:30 Thursday, February 2 in room C of the Union. * —HALL.
FOR RENT; Two single rooms near campus Phone 2816.
FOR RENT—Vacancy for male student—■ board optional. 117 Chauncey. Phone 2722.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: There will be a meeting of all members of the staff who ^want to work this semester at 4 o’clock Wednesday, February 1, in room E. —McKEB.
The National Institute of Public Affairs, Washington, D. C., is offering 50 scholarships for the purpose of providing practical training in the operations of the federal government to outstanding college graduates who are interested in careers in public service. This organization is non-political and is financed by the Rockefeller Foundation. The closing date for applications is February 7th. Any outstanding seniors who are interested may obtain complete information from either the Personnel Service, or the Placement Service for Women, in the Executive Buliding.
Approximately 3,500 miles of wire will be required in the circuits that Perrine will use to demonstrate how sound waves travel over great distances. Speech and music, amplified for the convo attenders to hear, will be sent over hook-ups as far south as Dallas, Tex., and as far east as New York City. Important features of the demonstrated circuits will be presented and compared for the group.
FOR RENT—Modern furnished sleeping looms with kitchenette, lunning hot watei, steam heat, good location for students. Phone 71201.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Regular Tuesday staff report to room E of the Union at 4 o’clock Tuesday, January 31. —McKEE.
WANTED—Roommate foi senior in quiet comfortable room Ton dollais. Phone 2086
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Foth Derby F :3.6 lens ; lens cap, sun-shade; case All for $15 cash. Equipment in good condition. Call Nutkowitz, 7724, or write Box 406.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 :30 p.m. Thursday, February 2. in room C of the Union Building. —HALL.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45
and Skis
J. SPERB
822 Main
There’s really a thrill in wearing a
Crown Cleaned Suit!
FOR FINE MEATS
City Meat and Poultry Co.
220 North 3rd Street
Phone 5372
Try it
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULAKLY
mm
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Announcing the appointment
of. . . VON ROY DOUGHERTY
FlEX
UCE
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
r\
BUY
YOUR
TEXTS
AND
SUPPLIES
AT
OyTHHWK