LAFlAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MAY 12> 1936
11 clock; Rotary Shows Begins At 11:30
hour, the University R. 0. T. C. unit will pass in review before Indiana Rotarians and their Wives who are holding their disr trict convention here. Following the execution of the usual formations and the reading of announcements in the Armory, the
corps will march out to Intra-
Dr. Gilbreth Leader For Ohio Session
mural Field at about 11:16 to prepare for the review which will be carried out as usual. The Rotarians will complete their morning session in Eliza Fowler Hall about 11:30 and will pro-
Consiiltant E n g i n e e r At Purdue To Head Conference On Careers
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consultant engineer at Purdue, will lead the most extensive vocational conference ever staged at Ohid Uni^^ in Athensj in a iw^day session on Thursday aiid Fr^ The program is sponsored by the Wdnien^ League under the name of “Gareers for Women Gdnferehce’% hut it wiU be of interest both men and women students, according to the dean of women at the Univer'.Bity.7; ; , ' . V' In addition to being a wife and the mother of eleven childrenj; Mrs, Gilbreth occupies several business positions. She is the managing directpr of Gilbreth, Inc;, consulting engineers; a member of the national Emei'gency Committee for Unemployment Relief, of the Board of Regente of New Jersey, of the American Management Association, and other positions. Dr. Gilbreth's opening address on Thursday afternoon will be followecj by round table discussions oh teaching, adult edhcation, commercial art, social supervision, business teaching, secretarial work, home economics, advertising and merchandising; and- the teaching of home economiics. The purpose of the conference is to give the students attending a sur vey of the kinds of positions open to them, the relative supply of appli cants seeking jobs in each field, possible salaries, prerequisite training and desirable electives, and good combinations of courses for the vocations to be discussed.
On account of the annual in■■speCtibn ;bf-the.pesc9rve*'Gffi«^rd^^; Training Corps by the board of officers of the War Department, all regular classes will be dismissed. for the afternoon of Thursday, May 14.„_ In addition, certain individuals, as' designated by > the ^ mandant, will be excused by the ' dean of men fbrFriday,:M8^^ ■; The^ ^ex^dses^Thursday; ^afterhogm' hdil .be held ht:^ p. vih.^. on the FUrdUe Iiitramurai Meld. . In case of. rain,' the inspection Wtercises Will be hdid in the ■ Armory. ^ ' It is urgWl that ail students ; and all members; of' the teach-' . ing stad show their interest in ' ■■ thO: work of the . Military . De-partment-by attending: the: re-' view and inspeWipn .scheduled :for Thursday afternboh. : EDWARD C. ELLIQTT, ' . . , President. '
jDllf A/Alpl*^ CitiV iin AlWniverslty Sing
First place honors in the All-Uni-
versity sing were awarded to Delta'
evinried in the sing, and remarked
Upsilon fraternity in the men’s di-
that there were many excellent voic-
vision and to Alpha Chi Omega in
es -in thevorganizations which-would - enhance any singing organization.
the women’s class, according to the
Here are some backstage slants
decisions of judges Joe Gremel-
on the winners: ^
spaucher, director of music in the
Delta Upsilon ... led by Joe Glut-
Crawfordsville public schools, and Miss Margaret Dennis, his assistant. Phi Gamma Delta and Sigma Chi fraternities ’receivftd:, seennd nnA
ten, senior science student ... 56 members participated ... all dressed in dark suits, white handkerchief
third rating, respectively, among the men’s organizations* while Kappa Kappa Gamma placed second over
.in puckut, .white shoes practiced : three times a week, for four weeks, 45 minutes per practice, right after dinner, or ten o’clock iri the evening
the reriiaining sororities and the
,.. sang “Hail, Delta Upsilon” and
songsters from the Women’s Residence Hall.
“DU DU, Bless Your Heart”, both
Appearance, routine, and singing
Alpha Chi Omega ... 40 co-eds
comprised the points on which the
.'. . dressed in long pastel-colored
judges made their selections from
dresses ... no leader, but Betty Ann
the some twenty-five g^roups of
Florer gave them the proper beat
singers. All five of the winners ap-
from the rear ranks, a sort of back-:,
peared about equally matched in re-
seat director . . . practiced every
gard to the first two points, the
day at 5 for two weeks, six or seven
judges stated, so singing was the
hours in toto . . . rehearsed for fif-
deciding factor in the contest.
teen minutes just before the sing..*
Gremelspaucher and Miss Dennis
presented “Memories” and “Alpha
commented favorably on the talent
Chi.”
California Debaters Meet
Boilermakers Down Inciiana in Thriller
Malaska^s Peg^ Kramers Home Run Stop Big Ten
Conference Leaders
By Don Wilson. A long peg from Malaska in Center field to Lucas on third
Thomp-
field and gave “Pat” Malaska
Hariey Spikier apd Richitird Ra^bun ,ef the Uhivers^ California debate team, will present the affirmative side of the (lUestioh: “Shall Piresideht ;Rboseyelt B^^^ Robert Itoysterajid Charts Petticrew, (rf^hdUniversity team, inadebatetcWioirow ffi^t ah7:30 o’clock ibEKzd^h^ Dr. L; M. Sears, ctf the Uni-
ceed directly to Intramural Fi®idDistrict Governor J. Ralph Thompson, of Seymour, and Dr. C. F. Harding, of the University electrical engineering school, will accompany Lieutenant GolpnCr Brewer to the (Continued oh page 4)
Gonveiie Here
Expect Arrival Of 500 Amateurs Friday
Mothers Will
At the suggestion of Eileen Lamb, Student Union secretary arid student chairman of the Mother’s Day luncheon held in the Memorial Union Building Saturday, the mothers of Purdue students, represented by the 200 present at the luncheon decided to form an association similar to that formed by Purdue dads some years ago. A committee for the preliminary organization of the club was named as follows: Mrs. Ralph Ohaver, Mrs. F. L. Pyke, Mrs. Robert Phillips, of Lafayette; Mrs. H. W. Gregory and Mrs. 0. P; Hall, West Lafayette; Mrs. E. H. Morris, Louisville; Mrs. C. V. Ford, Cincinnati; Mrs. J. W. Anspach, Maplewood, N. J.; Mrs. A. L. Nilson, Warren, 0;; Mrs. J. B. Thiess, Chicago; Mrs. B. Walker, Barberton, Cm and Mrs. S. J. Martenet, of Indianapolis. Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of hbihe economics, vyas nam«d faculty advisor for the organization. Mrs. Hall and Mrs. Ohaver were riariied chairman and secretary, respectively-'' At a short meeting after the luncheon, a program committee consisting of Mrsi Morris, Mrs. Pord» Mrs, Auspach, arid Mrs. PMUiii^s was named for the organization of the activities of tbe club.
The PurdUe Radio club,' the electrical engineering departtrient and the engineering extension division will play host to some fiVe hundred radio. amateurs when they gather here for the fourth annual round-up and “Hoosier Hamfest” Friday and Saturday. Friday afternoon will be spent in inspecting the school laboratory and local stations with the formal Session opening Friday night. S. G. Lutz, of station W9TJB, will preside during the evening session, with Dr. Potter and Professor Harding acting as the welcoming committee. p. J. Angus, of the Ester-line-Angus Company, Indianapolis, will present a colored movie, “The Rainbow Bridge”, and Henry Grubb and Gerard DeBey, of the graduate school, wiU demonstrate vacuum tube constjruction, Saturday will be devoted tO technical sessions with H. E. Weppler,of station W9PYU, St. Louis, presiding in the morning; arid Jerry Bernstein, chief operator of the school short waVe station, W9YB, in the afternoon. C. B. DeSotoy assistant secretary of the American Radio Relay league, will be the principal speaker of the evening session.
NYA WOREEBS
Checks for period endirig ; April 80, now available at cashr ier’s officey Univerrity Hall. BODDEN.
vemty; history will preside at the The California team, vd^kh is^m ing a transcontinental toury de^ bating; fourteen college teams enroUte, will come here from Indiana University, Where it is debating this evening. First Speaker Harley Spitler, first speaker for; the visiting team, is a junior in the political science major. He has had two years of debating experience, a triember of Delta Sigma Rho, forensics honorary/ and Phi Rho Kappa. Richard Rathbun, second speaker is a junior in the public speaking major, has also had two years of varsity experience and participated in the Inter-Pacific deba.te with Hawaii. Tonight’s debate will be a nOndecision one during which members of the audience may cross-examine the speakers. This is a new type of debating which is being used by the visiting team, although the Ujiiyersity team used this riiethod earlier in the year. ^ Royster and Petticrew, University debaters, -are both juniors and have nOyer been defeated in a Big Ten debate. Arguments for and against the re-election of RooseVelt will be piiesented on a non-partisan basis throughout the debate.
ToGivePlays Tower The^er, INW Group^To Open Season
Crash!
By The Roving Reporter ^ .Crash! The rattle of broken bakelite echoed through the Ebcponent office last night. When the editor investigated, he found a forlorn freshman in the phone booth lookirig with despair at the shattered remains of a telephone Two bours later, the editor v^oni dered where the story of Joe Jones’ gout could be. A hurried search uncovered the aforementioned, huploss freshman in the phorie booth , . , . repairing the broken phone with paste, copy paper and printer’s string.','.
Grid Baiiquet At Embassy
This year’s spring football bariquet wjll be held iri the Embassy, ©27 South Street, Lafayette, this evening at 6. This annual climax for the footbiall season is regulalrly held in the Union, hut as the Rotary conveiitiori convenes there today, the change to the Embassy was necessi'tated.' » Potential plans for the 1936 footbail seasori will be discussed by Coach N; E. Kizer. Several other addresses by ^lewbers of the coaching staff' complete the ^ eyenirig’s entertairiment. In addition to the talks, spring numerall will be awarded to outstanding members of the squad.
Tower Theater, a new campus organization created to stiiriulate interest in play writing and acting, will open its season Tuesday, May 19, with the presentation of two plays, “The Alchemy” by H. J. BCershenow ’28 and “Psychopathic Becomes O'Neil” by E. M, Purcell ’29. This newest of Purdue dirairia groups is under the direction of H. Kdnn Carmichael and has as its pUr pose the Writing, directing, acting, and staging of dramatic offerings. Instead of using the Work of professional writers,; Mr. Carmichael interids to let the members develop their oyra work from writing tO finished production. The affairs of the organization are in the hands of a board, composed of seyen students: Ruth Grimm and T^ W. McCreadie, chairmen, J. C. Alien, B. P. Warden, Jean Small, Mary Helen Theissf, and Betty Barnett. Miss Grimm and T, W. McCreadie are in charge of the directioh ahd casting of the two plays to be presented next Tuesday. The cast of “The Alchemy” includes Phil Luginbill, Bernard Everett, William McCord and Jack Allen. Dick Robbins, Karl Mueller, Charles Trees., Jean Small, Ada Mae Roe, and Mildred McGehee will play in “Psychopathic Becomes O’Neil”. Both of these plays appeared originally in the: Sdrivener. ;.v': '"v '; The tower room of the Union, where the plays will be given, has been improved this year by the addition of new; lighting equipment, a traveler curtain, and iinproved scenery. V Invitations to the plays are being given to students interested iri dramatics, who will be asked to give constructive criticism in order tO provide Tower Theater ppporunity for improvement.
to third where Becker was heading when the gamd ended. In one of the tightest games of its season; the; Boilermaker nfne played real ball l;o overcome some nice pitching on the part of L. Greigerj cousin, of R. Greiger, who was behind the bat for the Deanmen. “Lefty” Mhrtin was ori tik ntound f(m the locaib a^ showed a good arm by pitohirig a %p-hib ^nm until ibe last iiining when he slacked down a bit . and allowed the Jiidiaria squad to nab tteee more hits and a walk. This made a total of five hitS: and two walks the Boil eririaker motmdirian; Up Until the tinao he was relieved in the seventh, Greiger struck out f^our Boilermak ers, allowed them ten hits and gave
.one'walk.
First Inning ^ Thompson was lead-off man for the Crimsorimen and w’as struck out by Martin. ;Hobson, the riiext man up, hit a grounder to the second baseman and was out at first. R Greiger got pri base because of an error on the part of Lucas but Clark was out at first, retiring the side, by a One-man play on the part of Young. Malaska and Bartz, the two first Boilermakers up to bat, struck out and Lucas duplicated Hobson’s play by grounding opt to second base " (Goritinued on page 3 )
GrouchA^ Address SDX
EXPONENT STAFF
A compulsory meeting of all mombers of the editorial, sports and co-ed staffs will beheld Sat- . urday afternoon at 1:30 o’clock in rooma 1 arid 2 of the Memorial Uriioii Building. All freshmart men and women who wish : to coritinue with thfe paper must ''^attend. ■
Leather Medal Awarded At Baiiquet The annual presentation of the
Gould lu Hospital
Tom Gould, husineaA mariager of the 1936 Debris, was taken to St. Elizabeth hospital late yestei^day afternoon for treatment of a chroriio case of appendicitis. He will tmdergo An operation today, hospital au-; thoriti^ announced; Bud Bryarit, who was taken to St. Elizaboth hospital last week for an appendectomy, is recovering and will be disriiissed froin the hospital 'sporiu'-
At Haryaril one dpiidsis “tonics” ;not ‘‘cokes’’./ .■
leather medal to the^ersori who has done most for Purdue during the past year will be the high spot of the Sigma Delta Chi banquet Sun day. Associate members will be initiated at 2:30in the Union Building and the banquet will follow at 6, A replica Of the hexagonal medal, which hangs in the Union corridor near the check room, will be given the winner, and his name will then be added to the chain of leather plaques of previous winners that are now attached to the large medal. William Forest Crouch, at present of Chicago, will be the guest speaker of the evening. Mr, Crouch is connected with Motion Picture Journal and Motion Picture Daily, and is well acquainted with the antics of Hollywood; He has been around the world three times within the last two years. The meeting will be Open to associate members, previous winners of the leather medal, alumni and actives of Sigma Delta Chi.
State Rotary Gliibs Convene Here Today William W. Emerson To Give Principal Address Tomorrow
University Club Plans Fin^ Meeting Of iTe^
W. A. Knapp, president of the University club, announced yesterday tbat the final meeting of the club this year wiir be held Wednesday, May 20, in tbo Union. The Universi^ band will play a concert from 8 to 9 p;"'m. Dancing and carAs will last from 9 till 12 o’clock.
The hub of the Indiana Rotary w^hkl wiU be located at the Univer®i^ today and toimorrow, vtith aiii expected attendance sier Rotarians at the tAmiAy^ecmid annual district; confmericA Plans for the comprehensive twoday program bfaddresses and demonstimtions were complete yestar- : day, wi'th the Various local commit-/’ tees in charge of the^ conference v ready to start the , Rotaiy wbTOl whirling: with the oponing of rrigis- / tration tins moriiing at 8130 O’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Willirim W. Emerson, of Winnipeg, Canada, diriMtor of Rotary Interriational,' :will represent the. parent organization at the meeting, ami will Speak at tomorrow morning’s session on “The Pursuit of Happintess”i '/■ '.■'■"' ■■/ ; ;■■ Formal Opening / Following the formal conference operiing by District Gqyeriior /; J* Ralph Thompson,, df Se;DnoUr; the principal address of the morning will be delivered by Col. TOIlm^ Chevalier, vice ^president of the Me-Graw-Hill Dnblislung Cd., New York Citir, on ‘‘RehabiKtAtiori--Todays Opportunity”. FreA: Al^hder, of^ Lafayette, copf erence chairman, will preside over the session, with Ilr. L. M. Sears, of Purdue, slated to give the welcoming address. The response will be made by Frank P. Manly* Indianapolis, past district governor* A special review of the Purdue R. G. T.\C. will precede a huge lunchebn at prion. This afternoop, ijAcussionri assemblies On various phases of Rotary work, ^a business session* ah address by Dr. Henry H. Crane, ^/ Scranton, Pa., op “Thermometer vs. Thermostats”, and a sightseeii^ tour, will comprise the maih pth* gram.; ;■■ ■' One Of Highlights ; ^ One rif the highlights of the conference will be the banquet topight* to be followed by the annual Governor’s Ball. James E. Gheen, of New York, noted lecturer and humorist, a leader in Chamber of Commerce work, will be the principal speaker of the evening," Eritertainment features will include concerts by the University band arid chOir, and Berne Glee club. The Purdup Zouaves will give a special drill. A new district governor will bp elected during tomorrow morning’s, session, which will be deVoted largely to busiuessmatters. A luncheon at noon will bp fep* tured by the presentation of the discussion contest winner and an address by Pres. E. G. Elliott. In the afterpooh the program will include a television demonstration, golf, and attehdahee at'the Purdue-LouisiapA
FRESHMEN EDS AND CO-EDS
'There/are ppeningis on the; /Exponent Advertising Staff fw freshmen interepted in this activity* BepprA to thA office at 312 N, Fifth this aft<pnoon at 4 p. m.
Dean Writes Article
of engineering, is thpA^A of An
^rie on ^^fiaied /l^ei^
for Industries” recently published hat
the. May issue of Industrial Power.
jj i I ■■. '
I
1
(Mm
PS;
Pil
Mi.
Steam or friel, or m the event that ;■ that fe not praeticaWe* that the in- , f ^
dust^ seU steam to the power ,
plants.0
1986-1986 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National Colley Tress Association, Bis Ten Editorial Association Exclnrirely Ki^resented by National Advertising Service, Inc, 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
tnoo, Kfl per year: delivered bv cairier,; $2;6Q y?«r; soid by single copy, 2 C^to^
Business Phone 6038
MAIN OjPPICE--312 North fifth Street
Editoritd fhone; 668,7
Baily Strident Ptiblicat^ of Purdue
. EDITOKIAL STAfP - V : Editor-in-GhiteI...i..„........-......^..»........- -.—v^-•r-: v v'--'-”—v ---—:•" Associate Editors'*.... K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brook, A- H. forster. B. P. Manion, 0. L. Bold and Black Editors*..., ...;.....*....;.*i....*.~...;:...~~.»^-i-.-- ;^-™-^---Geneive ^son, B riWitt
Sports Editor™.............!....... Associate Sports Editors™
SPOETS STAPP
.L. D. Wood
S. B. Griffith^ E. P. Obenchain, D, F. Witeoh
Business Manager....™. National Advertising Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
...E. J. Huise ..t. H. Brown
WOMEN’S STAFF
..Helen Creech
Tuesday, May 12, 1936.
Issue Editor—F. A. Smith.
It’s All Over NpwBut It Isn’t
quick to say, “Well, it’s all over now.” But it isn’t, and it won’t be for a great many years. Italy has merely made a dramatic start on her Ethiopian conquest.The mere subjugation of what few troops Haile Selassie could call loyal is not the end of the struggle ; the most dangerous and longest part has just begun. For to civilize the savage blacks, II Duce must first display a strong hand by quickly subduing all the hundreds of frenzied outbursts that are sure to come. The very nature of the untutorea, savage mind assures the imminence of thpse outbursts. The uncivilized man recognizes no power but force, and it is force that Italy will have to use if Ethiopia is ever to be made safe for white colonists. Since the country is controlled by hundreds of minor chiefs, each with nearly complete power in his immediate locality, Mussolini will be faced with the necessity of quelling each local uprising separately. The viciousness and Suddenness witn which the natives seem likely to attack colonists will indeed be a great hindrance to the eventual civilization of the country oyer which Italy now has nominal power. Truly, the fight is not over—it has just begun. A ■ New. Lobbying Glass ■: Since the advent of the. federal alphabetical agencies and the
to the lobbying classes—the college presidents. Huge sums of money are being allotted, for public building purposes, and the various universities and colleges throughout the nation are getting a fa;ir share. One regrettable circumstance relative to this federal aid is that appropriations for buildings are far more easily obtained than are research and scholarship needs.—R. P. M.
“Faced With The Task” After that 6 to 5 defeat of the Fightin’ Hoosiers by the Purdue batsmen last Saturday, sports writers on the Indiana Bally Student will be “faced with the task” of building a new lead for stories of futurb athletic contests between Boilermaker and Crimson teams. It seems that the stock lead, until Saturday, for the past few months has read, “Faced with the task of up hqlding Indiana’s record of not losing to a Purdue team this year in any form of sports activity, the Hoosier...” This revision should have been made many weeks ago March 5, to be exact, because Purdue’s five-man billiard team collected a record total of 404 points to win the national intercollegiate cue tourney on that night. Indiana’s team collected 24l points for a fifth place. Although Purdue and Indiana did tie for top place honors in the Western Conference basketball race, a group of Indiana stars, including members of this year’s team, was defeated, 38 to 34, by a group of Purdue stars, three of whom played on the Bpilermaker co-championship squad. It does seem rather a shame to spoil such first class publicity for the athletic teams of the down-state mstitution, especially since an opportunity of this kind occurs only once in a lifetime; however, the first duty of a reporter is honest and accurate reporting of the news.-—R. P.M.
Thanks to Heriser’s weekly weather inquiries .for the past semester, Peterson had a nice day for her display of home talent and May Queen Crowning. MAY DAY HOT SPOTS Pageant late while Queenie Gregory was out for a short beer. ; Eellenberger’s specialty nutriber for a selected few. Dance of the gfassboppers, Tongu^tied BSA bugiiCT. “The Wanton damsel, sun, now wooes the reluctant swain.” Who was the sweet co-ed giving a demonstration, of “Love in Plight” for a few iriterested spectators after 1 a. m. at the local airport ? Grace-fulness-personified. . SEAGHAM’S SERENADE. .. She seemed so innocent and meek, So pure of mind and eye, As though a rose could rouge its
cheek
A lily fill its cup with rye. Like some ethereal being, With a smile So coy and dear. With all the sparkling fragrance Of a foaming glass of beer. She thrilled me when she whispered, ‘My sweet, let love begin.” And I answered, “Will you give me Another shot of gin.” Block and Tackle. Another ATG lost his pin over the week-end to Pi Phi Busard. The boys are getting dizzy from so many cheap cigars. Kappa Small is wearing one of those! new “invisible pins”. This one is the sacred sign of Lambda Chi belonging to “Jo Jo”
Miles.
Last week-end Pifi Schroeder got sick on her date and went home before 10 p. m.—but she recovered enough to go out a few minutes later on her second date. “Of all the’ fishies in .... ” There are more mergers from the past few days too numerous to mention so discover them for yourselves Beta prexy Morse is having spring trouble as is a certain Phi Gam Their house dances are on the same night. Did aforementioned little Alfa Eye flip a coin or didn’t she have,to? Frankie Ford has lost her voice. The Theta’s say they are thankful for a few days of quiet. Does this explain the unusually happy coum tenance of “One Love” Hughes. If it rains today the Kappa Sig’s and Pi Phi’s will have a wet picnic or would they anyway?
With the passing of the old regime the editor’s blue pencil changes hands and we would like to mention briefly the work of our predecessor. Joyce Williams, who has been co-ed editor during the past year, has done a thorough, conscientious job. She has revived the custom ,of a co-ed page which, incidentally, seems to be. gaining popularity on the campus. A’co-ed edition was also printed in November under her supervision^ These activities in addition to filling this column three times a week and keeping a cheek rein on the underlihgs has Qcciipied a :^r khfce of
iMiSS Wiiliains’ time.
READERS’ OPINION : The Exponent welcomet comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Psychology Equipment To the Editor : , Psychology is as much of a science as chemistry or physics, yet one would not realize this fact from observation of the manner in which it is taUgbt at the University. All class periods are either pure lectures or examinations, precisely the same as in such non-technical courses as English literature or history. Adequate demonstration equi|pment would allow the staff teach this science as if it were a science as well as materially increase the interest of the students in it. Individual equipment, similar to that provided in chemistry courses at the University, would bring about these advantages to an even more marked degree. True, the cost of equipment for psychological experimenta tion is. very high, but a laboratory fee as charged in the chemistry courses would pay for any equipment in a very few years. Teachers in the department of psychology express their willingness to use makeshift equipment. Attempts have been made to have the practical mechanics department construct simple apparatus, but these attempts have fallen through. NYA workers are now laboriously manufacturing inferior equipment in the education building shops, which are, as one professor put it, less adequately equipped that the average basement workshop. A little cooperation between the various departments of the University would result in the production of apparatus which, though it might be inferior to that produced by companies engaged in that business, would be sufficiently messpensive and would fill a crying need in the teaching of psychology at the University.-—J. E. B.
liMi
CO-EDITS
:
Throughout her college ; pareeer Joyce has entered into several activities, She is a. member of Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, and Scrivener, and is a contributor to the publication of the last group. In addition to these activities she has Worked on W. S, G.i A, and has served on the Judicial and Executive boards of the organization. During her first two years in the University Joyce was also engaged in Playshop.
It is with regret that We see the end of Joyce’s services to the Exponent and we feel sure that her work has not gone unnoticed by the co-eds of the University.
As we begin the work of co-ed editor we would like to ask: “What dq you prefer to see printed in this column ?” Since it is being conducted for your benefit a.nd pleasure, if you will send to us your likes and dislikes, we will endeavor to suit the majority as far as possible.
To Play Illmi Today’s Game First Of FuU Week’s Schedule Illihois University’s baseball nine will meet the Lambertmeu in a return engagement here today on the temporary diamond located on In-tra-mural field., The Boilermakers, fresh from a victory over the powerful Indiana team; will be seeking revenge for the close 3-1 defeat suffered at the hands of the Illini earlier this season. This game opens a full schedule of athletic events this week. The complete sport card of the week follows: BASEBALL Today—^Illinois here. Tpmof row^LouiMana Tech h^e. Thprsday-r-Lpuisiaha T^h Friday—Michigan here. Saturday—-Louisiana Tech here. GOLF,' Saturday—-Indiana here, ■'/tennis: : ! .//'■■/■ Today--Kentucky here. Tomorrow—Indiana State here. Friday—Northwestern here, /■/; :' ■ TRAGK'v' ' .'/ . Saturday---At Illinois. The week’s card is headlined by five straight games for the bakeball nine in as many days, starting with the return tilt with the well-balanc-ed Illinois combination this afternoon at 4 o’clock.
The increasing enrollment of coeds iri the University, and the interest of the administration in the educatio of young women is making the place of the co-ed at the University more secure. With such a prospect, the future of the co-eds on this campus must lie to a large extent in their hands, and we would take advantage of this opportunity to wish the women of Purdue a full measure of success.
+ A" -f -f -f ^ -f > -f -f +/ + BASEBALL ' f + A- t .’F > > -f -f Today Diamond 3— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 4— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi 6—Ward 17 vs. Ward 16. Kappa Psi. 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Upsilon. ' 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Ep silon Phi. 10—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Now that Mother’s Day is, over maybe the ballroom will be more subdued in lighting effects.
LAWN MO WEES Sharpened and repaired. New and need mowers. Prices on new B^ Bearing Mowers $&;26 and np. Mowers called for and delivered. F. Jos. Mnalliafflpt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ihd.
Arcliers Hold ■ Ward Tournanieiit Esther Holtman, of Ward 4, w^pn the intramural archery tournament yesterday by defeating Margaret Douglas, of Ward 1,189-108. Tomorrow at 4 o’clock the interclass tourney will begin with the freshmen opposing the sophomores in a double Columbia round. On May 20, the intercollegiate archery meet will be held with all the colleges in the United States competing. Those who have participated in any of the previous todi-na-ments may enter the meet, apd others who have not shot in a tourney will be eligible after having three practices. The eight best archers participating will represent the University in the meet.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality: Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The thinking fellow csila . A YELLOW V.8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city 6923 PHONES 2071 YELLOW CAB CD.
MBNTACAII'
>;> -F ’F -F -f -f -f -F ALL CAMPUS GOLF f ^ ’F + ^ + -F ^ ^ Today Quinn vs. Ware. Rowland vs. Jacobson. Ray Fuller vs. McCaslin. Knorr vs. Bodeau. Dicicstein vs. McDowell. Grant vs. Red Mackey. Geiger vs. Ehinger. King vs. Lawrie. Hill vs. hoy Fuller. Baske vs. Brame. McAlpin vs. Vitale. First two rounds will be 9 holes (unless contestants agree on 18). The rest will be 18 holes.
DEIVE IT YOUESELF— LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates: on Long Trips REIMERS’ Ilrive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
- DEAG • HAS EVERYTHING - for a ^ COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISnM ■
DE. A. M. lEION Dentist .. Kron Plats State and Main Phone 4965
E. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist ' 504 Main Street
then a CHOP STEAK 10«J at the Triple XXX
(free thatches) '’'J-
•L i I
fiiSSoS;
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY LESLIE BANKS and PAUL ROBSON in “Sanders of the Eiver” ' and GEORGE O’BRIEN in “Hard Eock Harrigan” also Popeye Cartoon
YOUR FEET FilEMILir lUEl There are hundreds of reasons in every Friendly “Tropicarwhy your feet stay cool summer. The perforations in every Friendly ventilated shoe in our store makes a smart sum' mer desi^, Forget your feet and walk in comfort this Sum' mer in Friendly Tropicals. You will be surprised at get' ting such values at only
The Scot ooola your feet ae you walk; It comes in all white, and in two styles in tan calf—one trimmed in Champagne Odf, the other in vdiite.
fHi jAHMAN. FRBEMBiLY SHOE
Other Makes at
$3 ' and :$4 B.&W.ShoeCo. 121 N. 4th St.
EXTRA OUR GANG COMEDY All Color Travel Talk • ®^AY - WEDNESDAY
Grantland Rice SPOBTLIGHT TODAY - WEDNESDAY
^eeassassesssaa'
PATEONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY [" 'double FEATURE 1
First Lafayette Showing
It’S the rolllcMng comedy of a
Ms way to romance! ROSS ALEXANDER
ANITA LOUISE
PlusipKifi®
,
boilermakeiTg Down
I Udian^ In Thriller '
(Continued from page 1)
'' ±± '
. and being put out at first by Baise. Hosier, who pitched for Indiana Friday, grounded to first and was called out. Hendricks just got a piece of the ball and Martin whipped it over to first for the second out. Baiso' hit a high infield fiy and Krause caught it just in front of the plate for the Crimson’s third out. Young was the next man up for Purdue and hit a fly out to Clark in left field, who tucked it away for an out. Mangas got a hit and got to second because of an erf of on the part of fibernathyi and'Sines fouled out to the catcher./I^ausO was^ M last man up in the inning and he was stru<^ outiby Gfieger. Thifd/fhhihg^ V ; ■-v'' In the third period, Thompson got to first op ah error by Sines, but Hobson died out to kiangas and Abernathy and Grriegesr were bdih put out on plays from pitcher to first. Malaska and Martin both flied out to the field and Waling, Boilermaker second baseman, was out when he knocked a grounder to Thompson who threw the pill to
Baise at first.
R. GriegOr singled to center on the first ball pitched and Was followed up by an out at first by G^rk. However, after Hosier flied out to center field, which brought GriCgef to third, Hendricks, who is the son of the man Who was formerly owner of the old Cincinnati Red Sox, got a one-base hit and stole second. Hosier’s fly brought Gi’ieger in to score fof the first run of the game; Martin theii walked Baise, but Abernathy retired the side by knocking a high fiy into the left fielder’s mitt. The Boilermakers didn’t show much fof the rest of the inning. Lucas got to first on an error-but Bartz put oUe into the pitcher ’s mitt and was out at first and Young, and Mangas both gave the fielders a little exercise in.
fly catching.
The Crimson tide Was stemmed very neatly in the fifth as they were held scoreless and Sines started the ball rolling by a nice one-base hit. Krause Hits Homer Harry “Moose-Chops” Krause then hit his third homer of the season and brought Sines in off his temporary resting place on first. The Boilermaker catcher hit a beautiful one that sailed only about 20 feet off the ground clear back over the left fielder's head and over the fence beyond on the first bounce. The next man up, Martin, the Boil-
ermaker pitcher, flied out to center field and then Waling, second baseman, hit a short one to the short stop and was caught at first. Malaska, lead-off man, got a single but was caught trying to steal third, re-
tiring the side.
' The'sixth slab of the game was just a continuation of the fifth in the respect that the first three men the Crimson, R. Grieger,
up; for
Clark and Hosier all were played out
Goiters Will ear Here
KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO
wishes to remind you of their special Co-ed Day every TTiursday. Keep your hair beautiful by giving it the list attention every Week. Ph. 7727 662 Main
and then, after Bartz and Lucas, both of Purdue, were called out. Young got a single and Mangas a triple which brought Young in to, home plate as this basketball star had previously stolen second. Sines entered with a two-bag hit which brought Mangas in for another coum ter and Krause came up to bat again and singledf but: he went to second on the throw-in; 'ThiSi brought SineS in for one more-counter and then Martin struck, out for the third ofit; oftheinning. v,'SeymithvIiming, Indiana’s, first three imeh. Hem dricks,; Gaise, and Abeimathy* were put put, 1-2-S,, to start the seventh with a bang and the Purdue meh fetaliated with two hits arid a walk with one run coming in nri the part of Malaska. Three outs in this last half of the seventh Were made by Waling, Bartz arid Young, It was at this point in the game that Coach Dean, of the IndiaUamen, stuck in a new pitcher, Adler, who seemed fresher than Grieger, although Grieger pitched a pretty nice ball
game.
Once more the first three Indiana men to bat where taken down and Purdue was given a chance to increase the score which already^ stood at 6 to 1. However, the Boilermakers muffed this chance and Sines flied out to Hobson, the center field man, and the next two men both struck out again to retire the side. Ninth Frame Exciting The ninth inning was an exciting one for all concerned. The first man up, R. Grieger, catcher fpr the Crimson, hit a single. He was followed by Clark who hit another single and sent Grieger to second. Hosier then flied out to Malaska in center field, but Hendricks got to first on an error by Lucas, and this loaded the bases. Martin was tiring and he walked the next man, Baise, bringing in another runt Abernathy went up to bat but Coach Dean took him out with a count of 1 and 1 and sent in a pinch hitter, Wilson, who knocked a grounder to third base and was put at first. Another pinch hitter, Becker, went in for Adler and he got a hitj which put him on first and scored another run. Thompson then came to bat and on the third pitched ball hit a fairly high Texas leaguer to center field. Malaska then made his spectacular throw which closed the game when Lucas redeamed himself for his three errors by tagging Becker out as. he attempted to make third on Thompson’s hit.
Score
Lawson Little, Horton Smith, Jimmy Thomp^ son To Play Next Week
FRATERNITY ATHLETIC MANAGERS
The half-paile run will be run again tomorrow afternoon at 4580 o’clock. The previous running has been declared invalid. HAMILTON.
Thinlies Lose
Purdue’s. athletic department recently completed arrangements for an attraction on the greens of the West Side Country Club. Coach Noble Kizer announced last night that ^ had been able: to gdt seve^l distinguished golfers to appear here next Tuesday in a free exhibition of good golf including many fancy
shots. ■
The three meh who Will make up this un,fisual attraction are LawsOri Little who has held the titles of British and American Operi phanipioriships for the past two years (Little is the only mari iri the history of golf to hold this record), Horton Smith who is orie of the riiost putstaridmg money wiriners in professional golf, arid Jiirimy Thompson Who is froiri. California arid has the recogriized title of one of the lorigest driyers in theigame. Purdue Strir Officials have stated that it is probable that some former Purdue golf star will complete thdf oursome for the eighteen holes. Kizer has appointed the following men to the committee in charge of the affair: G. A. Young, Chairman, Jack Bixler, Mai Elward, Red Mackey, C. H. (Big Robby) Robertson, Gordon Graham, and Bob WoodWorth. The affair is scheduled to start at 2:45 next Tuesday after noon. There will also be an exhibition given by these three distinguished men in all types of fancy shots just before the 18 hole match.
Yon Come for
Just Cslasses
We realize fully that you come through the door of our office for complete eye comfort—not just glasses, and we have dedicated ourselves to the privilege of helping you to this realization,
Dr.
A.
Jr.
OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St.
■f: . "f
Y -f- Y > Y 4 BIG TEN BASEBALL
. STANDINGS.
W >f. ^ 4 -F ^
>.
^ 4
Michigan
6
0
1.000
Iowa,.... i......;.„.....;.„_
....... 6
0
1.600
Illinois...........
....... 7
1
.876
Indiana..
7.
1
.876
MinneBota.—....... ........
7
1
i876
Chicago. ■■■■■. ,
8
3
.BOO
Wisconsin
1
4
.200
Purdue.......:...,,
1
7
.126
Northwestern...........
0
6
.000
Ohio Sta'le..............;.,.....
0
6
.000
GAMES THIS WEEK
■ Today
Illiridis at Purdue. Northwestern at Wisconsin.
Friday,.
Iowa at Wisconsin. Michigan at Fordae. Northwestern at Minnesota. .Ohio .State at Chicago.
Saturday
: Iowa at Wisconsin. Michigan at Chicago (2 games). Indiana at Chicago. Northwestern at Minnesota.
INDIANA
AB
R
H.
o.
A.
E.
L. Grieger
.1 ...3
0
0
0
2
0
R, Grieger
4
2
2
7
1
0
Baise
4
1
0
6
0
0
Thompson
6
0
0
2
2
0
Hendricks
...4
1
1
0
0
1
Abernathy ...I...
...3
0
0
2
2
1
Clark
;..........:4
t
1
3
0
0
Hobson
.4
0
0
4
0
0
Hosier
.: ...4
0
0
0
0
0
Wilson ,
1
0
0
0
0
0
Becker
!';...i
0
1
0
0
0
Adler
0
0
0
0
0
0
Totals PURDUE Martin ......... Krause Young Waling Lucas Sines Mangas ...... Malaska Bartz
...37 6 ,6 24 7 2 AB, R. H. O. A. E. 4 0 0 0 4 0 4 1 2 2 1 0 .....4 1 2 16 0 0 8 0 0 0 2 0 4 0 0 1 2 3 4. 2, 2 1 11 .....4 1 a 4 10 .....4 12 4 10 .....4 0 0 0 0 0
Totals
..86
6 10 27 18 4
...000 100 004—6 7 2 .,000 023 lOx—6 10 4 Batteries: Purdue—Martin, Krause. Indiana—L. Grieger, Adler, R. Grieger. Umpires —Cramer, Hungate.
Indiana . Purdue ..
Freshman C!o-eds Victors
The freshmen defeated the sophomores by a score of 6 to 2 yesterday afternoon in the co-ed interclass baseball tournament.
seenffiaBBsesEBsss
Driulf Milk for More Euor^
CaU JOHNSON Phone 41032
Milk is your best food—^ it’s packed full of nutritive eleihents that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich: in food value, it's feody-building and energy building.
le Purdue With 24:
Squad Third
yard high hurdlds—Won Ijy Caldenieyer, Indiana; Neely, Indiana, second; Carter, Northwestern, third; hemen, Fnidue, fourth.
Time, ;14.4, '
Half-mile run—Wan by Gill, Indiana; Fleming, Northwestern, second; Hohhs, Indi-
ana,
ana, Glendenning, Fnrdne, fourth
Discus throw—Won by Schneiderman, Indiana.; Burnett; Northwestern, second; Carter, Northwestern, third: Retd, Purdue, fourth. Distance, 138 ft, 10 in. 220 yard dash—Won by Collier, Indiana; KeiWDNdrthwesttrt, second ;Vaughah-^^ P^due; third; Boyd, Indiana, fourth, mme. Two-mile run—Won hy Lash, Indiana;
staam
Indiana; tewea,. Ftirdoo, second; Neetib filSI fodia»i^tMrd;Garter,Ktfrth(W’a9fertt,foartfe.',/ ^ SmmMiMM Broad jump—rroo ny awisner, Northwf^'am; Baldwin, Indiana, second; Boucfe, Northwestern, thwd; Stewart, Fardu^ ' ^ _ fourth. Distance, 28 ft., 0 in. Javelin throw—Won hy Stevenson. Indi':|nA;':.GiiilrtW:NorthW«Sisefca* secoiid^nC^W*, Sli Northwestern, third ; Schneiderman, Indiana* fourth. Distance, 184 ft., 3 in. . , , 1 One-mile relay—Won by Northwestern Nfffle^:i;KeiteL: second; Fnrdne, tht^ Time, 3gjilgagaMM ...I
Indiana University’s track team claimed victory by a wide margin last Saturday in their triple meet with Northwestern and Purdue at the Ross-Ade stadium^ taking twelve first places out of a possible fifteen. The final score: iridiana, 89[ NGrthf westerri, 66; Purduev 24. Iffie meet, held before ari; unusual-: ly large crowd of track enthusiasts, was punctuated by many Wxfefemeiy close contests. Otustanding among the runners was Lash; of Indiaria> record holder in the two iriile run and Olympic prospect. Who finished first in both the one and two mile runs with amazing bursts of speed. Among Purdue runners was Lemeri, of Indianapolis, who eritered in four events and placed in each, capturing tWo seconds', a third and a fourth place. Fifield, McGannon, BluemeV Gooyy, Vaughan-Catt, Reed, DeLong arid Glendenning also captured placements in their respective eveiits,, Mile Relay The mile relay, last on the program, was one of the most exciting events of the day. All three of the teams maintained a lead for at least part of the race and on the last lap Fleming, of Northwestern,: came from behind and passed boffi Glendenning; of Purdue, and Collier, of Indiana, in a terrific .burst of speed. Running for Ptjrdue in. the relay Were Fifield, Bluemel, Terhune and Glendenning. The summary of the meet is as follows: :
One mile run—-Won by Lash, Indiana: Deckard, Indiana, second ; Smith, Indiana, third: GoOry, Purdue, fourth. Time, 4:18.2. Quarter mile run—Won by Rich, Indiana ; Gunning, Indiana, second; Bluemel, Purdue, third; Pifleldi Purdue, fourth. Time, :60.6. 100 yard dash—Won by Collier, Indiana; Delaney, Northwestern, second; VaughanCatt, Purdue, third; DeLong, .Purdue,' fourth. Time, :09.9. Shot put—Won by Carter, Northwestern: Burnett, Northwestern, second; Stephan, Northwestern, third; Schneiderman, Indiana, fourth. Distance, 44 ft., 2 8-4 in. High jump—^Won by Caldemeyer, Indiana ; Williamson and Lemen, Purdue, tied for second ; Swisher, Northwestern, fourth. Height, 6 ft.,: 3 3-4 in. Pole vault—Shoemaker, Indiana and Swisher, Northwesterh, tied for first; Bark-' er. Northwestern; McGaniion, Purdue, and Baldwin, Indiana:, tied for third. Height, 11 ft., 9 in.
For years after you leave Purdue you’ll realize the value of every minute you’ve spent here.
Don^t jmSTE tirne
"the Thinking Pellotv Calls aFofdV-SYellotv’’
Phone 5023—$071
Linco’s Campus Comer
I804-I86G.' DuRitvie ihAr nm HE ALSO PRESIDENT REN^SfeiAER poLmwwic INstlTGFE 1 FOR. YEARS/
/iW MURRAY ' IS 1HE 7t.« RWKINQ CHiSf AMERICA.'
"&Ac>T
One OE TWE FIRST LflERARY EFFORTS OF OORCSTHY CANFIELD WUA CATHER was A RX5T 0ALL StORYV produced JOINTLY AND PUBU5HEt>: IN THE l89Er GASfBWiK OFilAE 0. OP NEBRASKA KMm.- . ' II ' • . I I , i .1 . • 1 III II' I I ' . ■ I.- i
WILL COMPLETE A FULL FOUR YEAR COOf^E AT THE U. OF CHlCACO NEXT MONTH; TT TOOK. HIM JUST ONE YEAR TO \WH12. THROU&H Tvfe COURSE/ HE PLANS TO'HWE HIS.' AAAMERS DEGREE BY AUGU^/'
TeY US
EDDIE YUILL
RAY WOO&
After the winter months your car needs to be checked thor-
oughly. Bring your car to us and let us put your car in shape for the spring and summer months.
6di and Alabama W© Never Cie$e
Phone 4C^
■IS ''
S,
IM.,1\ , Typfewrit«f«r Mdittg MaiMnifes^ ^or aala» r6nt,lrepaired and bought. Multighsiph and mitneograpbi work done. C, l^. ,Ebershoft* «0B Main St. Phone 2779. Want^l—Thesis, term papers, etc., to type by experienced typist. Phone 45961.
Lost—^Playshop board key. Gold with ruby eyes. Initialed S. G. Reward. Call 6449. Sarah Gershuny.
Notice—The address of Moore’s Colonial Market is 220 N. 6th St., instead of N. 4th St., as was stated in the Exponent of Sat. May 9.
NOTICES M* MttsM ■■Buoftni aftar I v. aa.
EnKineerins Stndenta—The school of civil engineering will appreciate Ihe return of the missing parts of the aluminam model of the Boulder Dam now on exhibit in the lobby of Ihe Civil Engineering Building. This is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service. —HATT.
English 1 Students, Past and Present— Students who have not yet made a passing grade in any or all of die grammar, punctuaion, and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 5 p. m. as follows: grammar, Wednesday, May 13; spelling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enroll^ in English 1 will need a removal-of-condition card, in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF.
Skull and Crescent—^Important meeting at T :30 tonight in reception room of Union. —CEAIG.
Fraternity Treasurers—Send fire assessment checks to me at Lambda Chi house. —TRUC. P. O. M. M.—Members and pledges meet in Armory at 4 today in formal uniform for pledging ceremony.
fieW ah^ during the review. Polipiyr ing the parade the Rotaidan^ will r6tttm to the Memorial Uniou Building for a^lluncheon.' /NationSi Review Annual national inspection of the corps vdll be held Thursday afternoon with Major General William C. Cole, commanding general of the fifth corps area, doing the iiispectibU and reviewing. University classes will be dismissed fpr the afternoon so that all students and faculty members may be on Intramural Field for the affair. The corps will form in the Armory at 1 o’clock Thursday afternoon and will be on the field ready for the review at 2 o’clock. Following the parade in front of the reviewing stand, the batteries ■will line up in inspection formation. Close order drill and calisthenics under the com' mand system and then the inspection •will complete the activities.
Banquets Close 4-H Club Round-Up The eighteenth annual 4-H club round-up was brought to a close Friday night after a record attendance at the two' separate banquets in honor of the boys’ and girls’ judging teams that won the state championship competition for 4-H members. Music, readings, and the introduction of the mnners of the various contests in demonstration, judging, health, and identification were featured on both programs. The new state champions were given medals and special recognition.
teirday with,1,725 stuj renahihw'g to be distributed.,'! Bouhd.in a dfeep hlpe' cover;, set oif by a bronze shield bearihg the name and date of the annual, the book coiltains coihplete word and pictorial! summaries of University a'ctiyities, honorarieS”, fraternities and athletics as well as senior pictures^ A large number of candid camera shots taken in laboratories, class rooms, and around the campus are included among the regular pictures of buildings and prominent campus personalities. Although the book contains fewer pages than those of former years, it is compactly put together "with little space wasted, Much unimportant material has been deleted by this system, making the annual a handy, readable vol-
WBAA To Broadcast 4-H Club Program Satiwday Warren County 4-H Clubs will present a broadcast over station WBAA Saturday from 11:30 to 12 o’clock. The program vdll be composed of songs ,solos, club talks, and instrumental music. A history of 4-H club work in Warren county ■will be given by Virginia Weaver and EIwjti Gray will speak briefly of the value of 4-H club work in her community. The Williamsport quartet and the Warren county 4-H club chorus will present two selections.
ha^ this ot; ^qhipmeht., v
Foresters To Hold FMd Day At Cary Scout Camp Menabers of the Forestry club will hold their annual field day at Cary Boy Scout camp next Saturday at 1:30 o’clock. An extensive progpram has been planned, including contests in denrology, felling and bucking timbers, and the estimation of tree heights and diameters, followed by swimming and baseball games. A campfire program will follow the afternoon events consisting of short talks by members of the forestry faculty and guests. Group singing will conclude the evening program. / All Britislr bombing planes are constructed with guns mounted on the tail of the ship.
FRATEENITY'TENNIS DOUBLES f ^ -f -f 4- ‘-f . 4- -f 4^ 4 1 Today, 4:15 o’clock. Alpha Kappa Lambda ■vs. Phi Delta Theta. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu. Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Sigma.
Alpha Xi’s To Entertain Old, New WSGA Officers . Old and new officers and chairmen of W. S. G. A. will hold a meeting tomorrow at 4:30 o’clock on the lawn by the Alpha Xi Delta house. The meeting is in the form of a picnic supper, and both officers and chair-
men are to attend.' Tliie mass meeting which was originally, scheduled for today has been postponed Until Monday, May 18,'at 4 o’clock, in the faculty lounge. - ^
Phi Belt Mothers Elect Officers For Ensuing Year Following a Mother’s Day dinner in the Phi Delta Theta house, the Phi Delta Theta Mother’s club elected officers for the ensuing year. Mrs. Alfred Farwell, of Chicago, succeeded Mrs. E. E. Mitchell, of We^t Lafayette, as president, and Mrs. R. E. Strawbridge, of Rensselaer, was reelected secretary treasurer. Mrs. Edward C. Elliott and her son entertained the mothers and members of the fraternity at their home following the meeting.