V I,
\ ^ '' . f /
\ ^ '' . f /
®he Purflue TSxpanent
Published Bully by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, DECEMDER 8, 1936
NUMBER 61 ssassssesssssasir
Hassle To Go Limited Scale Highbrow On Ammemiaii, Biryant To Play; Brook Invents A ^ Whisker-Tester The Riveters’ Rassle will not be forhial. Yielding to a storm of student protest. Sigma Delta Chi, sponsor of the Rassle, has decided that full dress apparel need not be worn to the dance Friday night. However, the journalistic fraternity has decreed that each Costume shall consist of some portion of formal attire, be it studs, a stovepipe hat, or tails. Continuous dancing will be provided by the music of the two leading campus orchestras, directed by Johnny Ammerman and Bud Bryant. Joe Friend will sing with Bryant’s orchestra, while Fritzi Walkey and Bill Jones are the vocalists for Ammerman. Whisker Tester In order to eliminate personal opinion from the judging of beards for ticket refunds and special novelty prizes, J. E. Brock, member of Sigma Delta Chi, has drafted plans for an ingenous beard-meas-uring device capable of determining the length of the beards to the nearest one-thousandth of an inch. Brock is now working on an attachment to the machine for testing the quality of the hairy growths. Other prizes will be awarded for the best costumes* worn to the Rassle, to the person demonstratthe biggest “suck,” and to the “warmest loving” couple . Tickets Still Available R. H. Walpole, chairman of the ticket sales, reported last night that totals sales was nearing the 300 limit set for the Rassle^ The remaining tickets arc ayaifuble at Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, and from members of the Sigma Delta Chi.
Union Will Give Free Tea Da&ce This Afternoon The Student Union will give a free tea dance in the Union ballroom this afternoon from 4 to 6:30. In order to keep those who do not dance from crowding the floor, tickets must be obtained from the Student Union office. The Union invites all students, but requests stags to stay off the center of the floor. The dance will ’ be a tag affair, and girls need neither tickets nor escorts.
High School Debaters Hear Talk On Utilities Arguments on the question of government ownership of public utilities shifted from the undergraduate to the practical, commercial side here last Saturday when the seventh annual Indiana High School Debate Conference drew to a close with an attendance of well over 600. Following the intercollegiate debate between the University of Illinois and Purdue on Friday^ which Purdue won, William I. Nichols, director of the division of electrical development, Tennessee Valley Authority, and Frank A. Newton, chairman of the rate research committee of the Edison Electric Institute, took the opposing sides in an argument on government ownership Saturday. The debate was a no-decision affair, Nichols advocated government ownership, while Newton took a strong stand against government ownership. The discussion between the two authorities attracted a number of the leading public utilities executives from Indiana and surrounding states to swell the conference crowd.
Dealers Display 1937 Models in Auto Show Lafayette car dealers are taking part in a special automobile show tlhis week. All the new 1937 models will be on display in the local showrooms.
Boilermaker ‘Ding-Dong’ Basketball Dazzles Western State In Opening Ga
Fast Finish Nets
Squad 57 - 32 Victory
‘14’ Students Talk Tonight Seven Proposal Talks On Pro^am In Eliza
Fowler Hall
Seven students will present the professional proposal speeches that were considered the best in their classes, at the English 14 convocation to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall this evening at 7 p. m. This convocation is part of the regular English 14 program. The speakers, in the order of their appearance, are: R. E. Glos, G. Devore, Margaret F. Jones, C. W. Hamilton, R. P. Hooker, H. T. Welton, and R. E. Rosenburg.
Saturday Final Date For Scripts In Trophy Contest PIA members have set Saturday as the deadline for all scripts entered in the Southworth Trophy contest. All manuscripts are required to be in the hands of W. C. White by that date. All papers must be legibly written or typed and must not have any personal identification of any kind. White will register the scripts and make a record of the author’s names. The judges for the contest are: H. Kenn Carmichael, Gilbert Dunbar Williams, Prof. R. A. Cordell, Harriet Mueller, and R. C. Robbins. The winner of the trophy will be announced at the PIA Christmas dance, December 18. *
Molecules Baffle Frosh Ag Student By D. Paarlberg When Doc Allen asks how many molecules there are in a mole, I just write down the answer, but it’s just to humor him; I don’t really believe it. We never had any molecules back on the farm where I came from, nor bacteria either, that I know of. Of course, this is Purdue, and they do things different here, as the seniors tell us freshmen, so there may be molecules; I’m not saying, one way or another. When I first heard about molecules, and now they zip around at the rate of a mile a second and how there was enough energy in a tiny thimbleful of ’em to saif the United States fleet eleven times around the world, why, I was all in a sweat to find out all about ’em, until Doc Allen let out that nobody ever saw one. That was enough. I don’t take stock in anything I can’t see. Bacteria—Ah! Me! And bacteria—Doc Dunham told us that they reproduce the fastest of anything living, and get to be grandmothers at the age of twen-ty-three ipinutes. He said we would study them in laboratory the next day, so I got there a half hour early and had my microscope all set up, figuring I’d learn something, and what did I see ? Nothing but a lot of little bugs scooting around, and they didn’t reproduce like respectable animals, either, but just splitin half like a block of wood when you fetch it a whack was an axe. What rot! None of these newfangled ideas for me!
All-Ag Christmas Party December 19 The annual “All Ag Christmas Party” will be held in the Memorial Union Building on December X9, according to K. 0. Boxell, general chairman of this year’s event. Boxell announced his committee chairmen as follows: N. K. Ellis, decorations; Arthur !Mauch, finance; Starley Hunter, refreshments; and Gleim W. Sample, invitations and publicity.
Sines Gets 17 Points To Lead Individual Scoring;
4,200 Fans At First Game
Ward Lambert proved to 4,200 basketball fans that “ding dong” basketball is in to stay as his Boilermaker squad rolled up a 57 to 32 victory over Western State last night at the Jeff Gym in the season’s opener. The Purdue netters, after getting off to a slow start, began clicking and gave the fans a real exhibition of bucket throwing.
Johnnie Sines, after being held scoreless in the first half, opened up and scored seven field goals and three fouls for a total of 17 points, to cop the individual scoring for the tilt. Jewel Young, Sines’ running mate at forward, was second high scorer of the evening with a total of 13 points on five field goals and three
fouls.
The Western Stnte squad started out in a big way and looked as if they might give the Boilermaker netters a real battle. Purdue had trouble getting their passes to click and they had a difiSicult job in obtaining their 17 to 16 lead which they held at the half. After the Purdue passes started finding their mark, the squad started hitting, and scored 40 points to 16 for the visitors in the last half. Reserves In Young and Sines kept the crowd in an uproar with their passing and ballhandling under the basket. The two Boilermaker forwards had the (Continued on page f,;
Silver Addresses Religious Convo Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, rabbi of the Cleveland Temple, addressed a religious convocation at Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday on the subject “Where Would You Rather Live?” Rabbi Silver, introduced by President E. C. Elliott, discussed the reasons and solutions for the current political and social questions. The University choir of 125 Voices, directed by A. P. Stewart, sang two anthems, and an organ prelude was given by George Osborn.
Delta Tau Delta Delta Tau Delta initiated the following pledges last night; W. H. Reininga, Oak Park, 111.; R. C. Walter, White Hall, 111.; J. A. Garrettson, Michigan City; R. J. Carr, Indianapolis; and G. O. Pratt, Hammond.
Alpha Chi Rho Gives Charter To Pirathon 38 'Members Initiated Into National Chapter Pirathon Fraternity was instituted as the Alpha Phi chapter of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity Sat-
urday.
A smoker was held at the house Friday night and entertainment and refreshments were furnished for alumm and undergraduate members of Alpha Chi Rho who came here for the ceremony. Twenty-three active members and 16 gnraduate members were initiated. The visiting Alpha Chi Rho men met the newly initiated men at the church service in the M. E. Trinity Church yesterday. Initiation Banquet An initiation banquet was held in the Memorial Union Building in the faculty lounge at 1 p. m., following the church service. R. B. Stewart was toastmaster at the banquet, and the speakers were Rev. Carl G' Ziegler, one of the founders of Alpha Chi Rho; Wilber M. Walden, national secretary of Alpha Chi Rho; Dean M. L. Fisher; Prof. F. C. Hockema; Prof. O. F. Hall; and Robert C. McWilliams, president of the new chapter.
Welders Will Convene Here
Manufacturers To Demonstrate Latest 'Developments Welding with all its latest developments will be covered in detail by the twelfth annual welding conference to be held at the University Thursday^and Friday. The program, under the direction of the engineering extension and practical mechanics departments, will include addresses by well known authorities and manufacturers’, exhibits of bronze welding, east iron cutting, atomic hydrogen welding, applying hard surface metals, and tensile tests of welds. Speakers scheduled for the conference include John Douglas, Servel, Inc., Evansville*; J. M. Jardine, Western Welding and Boiler Repair Company, Chicago, 111.; and H. S. Card, National Electric Manufacturers Association, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Criminal Law Up, For Discussion Educational facilities for criminal investigation, criminal law, and criminology will be discussed at the regular multiproforum meeting at 7:30 tomorrow night in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. The proceedings will be in the form of a panel discussion. The recent trend toward improving the acute situation caused by the lack of adequate educational facilities for these criminal activities will be discussed.
The PIES Have It As PIE-K A And PIE-Kapp PIE Pledges Battle In PIE Contest
By Dorothea Justin
“Take the Pi out of Pi Kappa Alpha|” IS the slogan of the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, who accepted the challenge of the Pi K A’s to a pie-eating contest. Each group is firmly convinced that it has the most pie-voracious pledges. Events at 4 o’clock this afternoon will settle the dispute, when eight pledges from each house will gather at the West Lafayette fire statiop for a public demonstration of their skill. To get a fair start, each man, at a signal will sprint the block to the i*i Kappa Alpha porch. Two Pies Urging actives will shove two pies apiece at the competing ^reBhmen, who will endeavor to down the pastries^ in the shortest time possible. The most stringent rule of the conflict will be most strictly observed. Each man must eat his two pies without using his hands or utensils, and without having any outside help. The final action of the eight men teams will be to somehow return to
the fire station. The gi'oup whose entire team returns in the shortest time will win. The trophy, reward for the fraternity with the most capacious and fastest pie-eating pledges, will be an engraved copper plated pie pfin. Hot Coffee Diet Pledge trainer Jerry Ciral announced that his Pi K A pledges would have only hot coffee today. At nearly 4 o’clock the suffering freshmen will be given olives and pickles as added “appetite whet-
ters.”
At the Pi Kappa Phi house, pledge-warden Hamilton and the pledge-leader Jack Swinney have, by the process of elimination with trials, chosen eight first class pieeaters. Their training has consisted of practice in eating pies. Each organization is confident of winning; each feels that it has extremely husky freshmen; and each contends the contest should become an annual event. Offering proof of their confidence of success, the chal lenging Pi Kappa Alphas are giving three to two odds.
SDX Initiates 13 At Banquet Sunday The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, is the main point in the editorial policy of Tom Keene, according to a talk he made at his initiation Sunday into Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity. Keene, incidentally is the editor of a daily newspaper. The Truth, Twelve University students were initiated along with Keene; K. A. Barnette, West Lafayette; R. P. Manion, Brownstown; J. E. Brock, Chicago, III.; A. H. Forster, Evansidlle; L. D. Wood, West Lafayette; C. L. Sadler, Washington, D. C.; E. K. Jones, Michigan City; R. H. Walpole, Winnetka, 111.; R. H. Sennstrom, Chicago, 111.; R. H. Parkison, Francesville; E. F. Akers, Bainbridge; and R. W. Dwight, Auburn. The formal ceremonies were held in the Memorial Union Building 4nd were followed by a dinner in the peasant room. Prof. J. H. McKee, Chester Allen, J. R. Wiley, Keller Beeson, T. R. Johnston, active members of the chapter, and Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the University president, and W. A. Bodden, auditor of student organizations, made short talks during the course of the evening. Cliff M. Hardin, chapter president, presided over the initiation and acted as toastmaster at the banquet.
Pi Phi Roommates Rest WeU After Operations “Petie” Light and Jeanne Perkins, junior roommates at the Pi Beta Phi house, are doing very well in adjoining hospital rooms at St. Elizabeth hospital following appendectomies. Petie was operated on last Tuesday and Jeanne on Saturday. The mothers of the two girls are occupying the girls’ rooms at the sorority house.
Jt. JULAJt.iL ,t. t, t,.». jtJU
Wh isker-T ester Gages Beard Feel & Fineness
Bring A Beard
And
Pluck A Prize Rassle Refunds
NIC Resolves Non-Support Of HeU Week Asserts College iais Are Proper Ones To AboRsh Hazmg New York, N. Y.--( AGP)—That local college authorities are tins proper agencies to act in abelislung the “hell week” of fratemil^ “horse play and hazing” was decided in a resolution adopted unanimously by the National Interfratemi^ Conference at its 28th annual sesmon. Although the national fraternity body now places the initiative in the hands of college ofiScials, it pledges its cooperation in. eliminating these practices. The resolution took cognizance of an “evident trend” of students to minimize hazing and to use “less sophomore and more mature procedures” in the pre-initiatory “HeH Week.” It lauded colleges which have already made efforts to do away with hazing in fraternity circles. Campus Opinion ‘The conference recognizes,” the resolution said, “that the customs and traditions which prevail on any campus are determined by public opinion on that campus, and not by the national organization? of our fraternities; nor is any national fraternity able to prescribe for its own chapter action which can become effective only through agreement of all chapters on that campus supported by local public opinion. “The resolution recommended to each conference member support of measures to abolish “Hell Week” taken by any college “to the end that the fraternities may thereby be dignified both in essence and in public estimation, and may better play their part of cooperation with the colleges in furthering their common purposes.”
Activities Heads Attend Conference Representatives of co-ed activities from DePauw and Indiana Universities as well as from this University were the guests of Butler University women at the annual activities conference that was held there last Saturday. In the morning special discussion groups were led by faculty members from the four universities. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton spoke on the new rush system at the University and Miss Clare Coolidge led the discussion on WSGA. Luncheon was served to the representatives at the new Alpha Chi Omega sorority house. Students Lead After limch the group discussions were continued, being led by students instead of faculty members. Students from the University who led groups were Ruth Copeland, who led the discussion on WSGA, and Betty Arnold, who led a WAA forum.
Kappa Mothers’ Club To Hear Miss WiUoughby Miss Marian WiUoughby will be the speaker at the dinner meeting of the local Kappa Kappa Gamma Mothers’ Club to be held at the chapter house tomorrow.
Teetor WiU Address SAE To Preseut Charter To University Braneh
Ralph R. Teetor, president of Society of Automotive Engineers, will speak on ‘^Keeping The Auto-^ mobile Industry Young,” Thursday night at a joint meeting ot the University branch and the Indiana seetion of the SAE following a banquet to he held at 7 o*elQek. Formal presentatimi of the charter to the University braneh of thh Appropriate Awartls [“Midwest Fr^denls* Ni|^t** la■t.'
it.
Page Two
THH3 PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, Pecelribfer 8,1936
The Editor Says
Paddling, Et A1
For several years the national fraternity trend has been away from paddling and other primeval practices. The National Interfratemity Conference, which held its 28th annual session in New York recently, has long attempted to eliminate brutality from fraternity life, but has hot secured much cooperation from the fraternities themselves, even though there has been a noticeable decrease in the severity of hazing and hell weeks. This year the Conference again went on record as opposed to paddling and other ills in the fraternity system, recognizing the trend toward the use “less sophomore and more mature procedures.” The substance ol the Conference’s action was contained in a resolution adopted unanimously which proclaimed, according to an A. C. P. dispatch, that local college authorities are the proper agencies to act in abolishing extreme hazing. It has long been considered proper that action toward improvement of any organization or group of organizations should come from within the organization itself. In other words, University officials should remain entirely out of the picture unless conditions become so obvious that it becomes essential to do something. That is why the Exponent is this year attempting to recognize the progress made in this direction by some fraternities, with the hope of spurring on those which are lagging. If the fraternities do not act themselves, it seems not at all improbable that, before very many years, the University will assume the task of reforming the
system.
About Those Questionnaires
The action taken by the Fraternity President’s Council in refusing to consent to the return of any of the Exponent questionnaires on paddling was, to say the least, hasty and inadvisable. Even though the Council’s own questionnaire has been opened to our inspection, a bit of cooperation for which we are grateful, we feel that our questionnaires were of sufficient value to warrant return.
Whether the questionnaires are returned or not, the fraternity rating will be made and published. Without the aid of our questionnaires, the task of so doing will undoubtedly become more difficult, but, and I say this without malice, we will rate the various fraternities on their paddling programs and we will give what we consider proper publicity to these ratings.
Spoils System Jobs
How many students in this University are planning to enter into government work when they graduate? In all probability, the number is very small. Ask this same question in England and you receive many affirmative , answers. Why is it that the government in this country, which employs approximately 3,250,000 people and has an annual payroll of four and a half billion dollars, is able to attract so few college graduates, and England' at the same time is able to attract so many who have secured a higher education? The answer to this question is obvious. Inf England, a college graduate knows that if he enters the government service he will findl a position that will last him a lifetime if his work is up to standard; he knows that any political beliefs or affiliations he may hold will not affect his position; and he knows that he will not be hounded by blood-sucking politi-
$urbue exponent
Fonnded in 188S I
1936 Member 1937 Associated GoUediote Press Distributors of Gotle6iateDi6est
Lioeal Advertising MannKer. .... D. C. Miller Cireulmtion Manager. J. P. Girard REPREseNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTI8INO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. ' CHICAGO - Boston - San Francisco Los ANGELES - Portland . Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered bg mail, 18.60 per year; delivered by carrier, 82.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Filth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EdiUtt-in-Chief..
EDITORIAL STAFF
Managing Editor„ Associate Editors.
....W. T. Hunt ..£!. H. Morris
—K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster.
fte Ps liftnlon. Oe Le Sadler
Sophomore Assistants W. M, Anthony, D. A- Bailey,
X A. Chapin, X B. Clark. L. a Hudin. “ " " OTIeil,
^ ^ B. Kellmr. E. H. Kellogg. K. E. C. D. Schroeder. H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
Editor.,... Associate Editors...
Admrtlsing Manager.
BaslnsM Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF
Mattonal Advertising Manager..
. Jt. X Hulse
•ports Editor.
•POETS STAFF
~L. H. Brown
AssMiato 8p«^ E^Ubors.
.........L, D. Wood
-W. EL Fillsid, a B, Griffiths,
B. F. Qbmehain
iwue Editor—K. B. O'Neil.
clans every time an election comes around. Does a college graduate have such an assurance in this country? First of all, if he enters the ihajority of governmental positions, he will have to secure his position through political alliances instead of on his merits. Very seldom does a government job last for a lifetime; with each election a party change means a change of jobs. And then the government employee is continually being asked for party donations. Graft and corruption are commonplace in governmental affairs; yet very few politicians ever die wealthy because of the large contributions they have been forced to give to keep their parties functioning. Therefore, what advantages does a government position offer? When a college graduate looks for a position he expects to find at least three things—a chance for advancement based on his merits, financial security, and a knowledge that the position will be permanent as long as his work is kept up to standard. Many government positions fulfill none of these qualifications. It is only natural that graduates look toward other fields, and they will continue to shy clear of government jobs in the future, as long as the spoils system exists. On the other hand if the merit system is adopted and positions in public service are secured only after a man has proven his ability, and the positions are made permanent, then college graduates will seek public service positions, but not before that day.—C. D. S.
The Rose Bowl
The choice of Pittsburgh to oppose the Washington Huskies in the Rose Bowl classic was the final blow to the football fans of the country, who have been shocked by the many upsets of the current season. This statement is not meant to belittle “Jock” Sutherland’s team, but, on the contrary, to show the utter daze in which the fans have been kept all through the season. Two undefeated Dixie elevens, Alabama and Louisiana State, were given the best chance by sport writers of the country to play at Pasadena. The western team, which has the privilege of picking its opponent, chose the Panthers, mainly because of their fine showing against such strong teams as Ohio State, Nebraska, Notre Dame, and Carnegie Tech. Pittsburgh defeated these teams besides tying a strong Fordham eleven. The lone Panther defeat at the hands of little Duquesne was considered an upset by most of the experts. Because of the various conference rulings, which prohibit the participation of a great number of outstanding team,s in the Rose Bowl game, no national champion will be chosen, or even indicated by this tussle. However, a great game should be in store for the thousands of lucky fans who will witness it.—D. A. B.
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
“Will yon take my Kappa Sig pin?” “Yes.” “I don’t have it with me now, but I will give it to you tomorrow.” The above is the conversation that took place between “Tall and Handsome” ED CLOSSON and “Pretty Girl” LOUISE BAIN last Saturday night and which ultimately ended in their pin merger on Sunday ....
When BILL BODDEN (our student auditor) was asked if he would chaperone the INA RAY HUTTON dance last Saturday night his requirements for such were; 1. He have a pair of binoculars furnished. 2. Room 2 of the Union be at his disposal for observation purposes. 3. That the Union Board take care of MRS. BODDEN . . .
AFTER THE UNION BOARD DINNER FOR INA RAY HUTTON: WALT SCHOLER to LORNA “Army Brat” McCLEOD who wears his Phi Psi gravy bowl, “Where did you sit at the Dinner, LORNA?” By the way WALT sat next to INA, herself . . .
Again we mention LOUISE, LORNA, and MRS. VAL ... this time their men, JIM SHOEMAKER, WALT SCHOLER, and VAL, are going to the STUDENT UNION convention in TEXAS . . . the men folk are to be gone for more than a week (they hope)—those southern women are O. K. boys ...
MORE PINS: The Kappas are monopolizing all pins upon the campus . . . there were two this weekend—the second being JEANNE HALLAM, who took LAMBDA CHI JOE MILES’ pin—MARTHA HALTOM has been captivated by the something or other that BOB RUTH, Theta Xi, has to offer—she is now wearing his pin—she has been working hard for this pin and upon several instances when good doit about said gal appeared, your editor held off in order not to ruin her chances . . .
Decline And Fall—A Fable
WOMENM STAFF — M«len Creech Jesnne Janonsek, Doris HeCartnejr, Elisabeth Fyke .„,.Betty Barnett
Once upon a time there was a college man who hated hypocrisy. All his life he had been taught that hypocrites were critters of the lowest category, and so he had always done his best to avoid both hypocrisy and hypocrites. When he entered college he thought that at last he would find a place where everyone was of such high intellectual and moral status that hypocrisy would be unthought of. But he was sadly disappointed in what he found, for there was an outstanding instance of the worst sort of hypocrisy. (OF COURSE, the college wasn’t PER-DEW.) The particular brand of hypocrisy that he encountered went under the high-faluting name of subsidation of athletes. It seems that, at his school some of the best athletes were actually being paid for their services, although passing as amateurs. But this wasn’t what he especially disliked. What he hated was the hypocrisy of the institution in claiming, on one side, that its athletes were strict amateurs and voting down all proposals for training tables or open subsidation, while on the other side, it had both a training table and a more or less secret subsidation, going under the guise of “alumni support.” He tried to do something about this in his own little way, but he got beat up by a couple of brawny athletes acting under orders and from that day forth hid his light under a bushel basket. When he graduated, he joined the alumni club in the city where he got a job and eventually got around to “supporting” athletics himself. But the sad part about it was that, starting with this little relaxation in his moral code, he started going down hill and finally ended his days in prison, a convicted thief and murderer.
The Phi Taus have turned ladylike—the illustrious member PETERSON was the fellow who dressed up as a gal and attended the dance —^he wore a green dress, lovely curls, beautiful flowers in her (I mean his) hair—and exquisite slip-
LUHA
ALL WEEK
Exponent Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon> oraiy fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular deetioiii.
OUVIA De HAVILUND PATRIC KNOWLES, yUutm Btm. tint NsUoiul PictoM
— Extra — INA RAY HUTTON MUSICAL ACT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
19Se by Untied Peatore Syndicate. Inc.
“Sure, I hate war as much as the next maninevitable !”
-but it’s
pers—^his date was his lovely Phi Tau brother, PERDEW . . .
DOC AWDKRSON, Lafayette business man, gave his usual dinner for the senior football players last Saturday night—^the brawl was held at a resort in Monticello—the highlights of the evening were GEORGE BELL’S idea of-a Shim Sham Dance and JOHN DRAKE’S fistic conflict with a man who did not think DRAKE should dance with the gal said man had brought DRAKE won—DRAKE, STALCUP, SCHREYER, and GIFT stood up their Lafayette dates for the party — they thought that they would get back in time, but such was impossible??? . . .
Delt PECK claims that BETTY BRELSFORD is a date breaker— at least she broke a date with him Saturday night saying that she wouldn’t be able to go to the dance he got there another way and was he burned when he saw sweet little BETTY
BEARD SAID THE PRIVATE JACK “Lover” COLE really
sprouted out last week with the dates—^Thursday night was KAPPA MARJORIE SUNDVAHL’S night—Friday and Saturday nights were monopolized by a charming young and innocent DEBATER... INFAMOUS LAST LINE: From now on Kappas taking pins will not be considered as news . . .
BEARD? NO BEER
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
. AND ALL’S WELL!
BeCnefill
EW AYRES*',
CARLISLE
— and —
i
STR4IGHT;; SHOULDER
Ralph BELLAMY • KatjiePinfcBOCK'E
LastlimesToil^^
Big 4 Unit Show — 15c
iSsiAlM
With VICTOR MOORE • HELEN BRODERICK • ERIC BLORE BETTY FURNESS • GEORGES METAXA • DiKcUd by George Slevent * A PANDRO S. BERMAN Prodaetton • RKO-RADIO PICTURE Lyrics by DOROTHY FIELDS
MfiSN Today & Wed.
The nation’s leading organizations have indorsed this picture.
NEW YORK federation OP WOMEN'S CLUBS:
There should be mere of the same kind.’*
“A splendid picture.
, CHRISTIAN ASSOCIA'nON: “A beautiful and powerful picture. The FeUffious srroupB who have constantly striven for better picturee in thiB promotion one which they can i^ionBor* If the church finds it unnhical to support this pietorop then It is hopelesB for the industry to do anythinar for the relisrious arroups.** George J. Zehmngp Director, M, P. Division.
AN AUDIENCE OF 20,000,000 READERS
SIAlPARK
THE STARS OF "AH, WIIDERNESS!" IN AW IMMORTAL STORY OF YOUTH
A 6RANP NATIONAL PICTURE
PE^I^ATION op catholic ALUMNAE; “A deeply •“**•**^**8 two young people. Th* ultimate solu-
mnn the mMMr in which It is brought about is a veritable ser-
mon which no one can afford to miss." Mm. X F. Looram, Chairman.
GENERAL FEDERATION OF WOMEN’S CLUBS: “The nicture is verv intorceting and is rare to have a good inflnence everywhere it Is shown.”S'lt
'4
JTueaday, December 8,1936
THE PURDtJ
Golden Gloves To Glitter
Wednesday
Preliminary Bouts To Be Fought In All Di-
visions
Purdue’s Golden Gloves will start glittering Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium when the Boilermaker fistic hopefuls start battling in the first of the preliminary rounds which / will determine the University’s entries in Lafayette’^ Golden Gloves tourney later in the season. Action in at least 16 bouts in all weights is assured as the Boilermaker authorities start winnowing'^out the entries who have been training faithfully under the direction of Sergeant Maxwell, coach. Preliminary Another Golden Gloves preliminary will be staged the night of January 7, when the University championships in all weights will be determined. As a tune-up for the Lafayette tourney, the University champions will meet a selected group of local battlers in exhibition matches in the Memorial Gymnasium on the night of January 13. The champion and runner-up in each weight division in the University tourney will be automatically entered in the semi-final nights of the Lafayette tourney.
BASKETBALL —TODAY— Court 1—Official, Hobart. 7:00—^Triangle vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7 :15—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:25—^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Court 2—Official, Brinsoa 7:00—Acacia vs. Phi Pi Phi. 7:16—Phi Sigma Kappa vs .Theta Chi. 8:26—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:40—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi. Court 3—Official, Abell 7:00—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:26—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:40—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
SPARRENDAHL
Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Key* for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a special^. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. • Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
ielder’s.... ....choice
.By Bob Walpole.
Now that Ohio State’s one-man track team, Jesse Owens has withdrawn from school, the Buckeyes are seriously considering the dropping of their proposed cinder meet with California . . . —^fc— Purdue and Minnesota are the only two schools in the Western Conference that do not have varsity wrestling teams . . . the addition of Purdue’s new fieldhouse will probably bring a wrestling team to this campus . . . —^fc— Must have been a brainstorm . . . we wish to make a correction on our statement concerning the swimming team’s Florida trip . . . the swimmers will make their jaunt during the Christmas holiday period ... we are sorry . . . —fc— While we are on the subject . . . the varsity swimmers will entertain Lehigh University in a dual meet in the Boilermaker pool on February 27 . . . the complete swim schedule includes six meets, all of them dual affairs, with the Wisconsin match the only one away from home . . . —^fc— Joe Di Maggio, Yankee’s sensational rookie, says Mel Harder was the hardest pitcher for him to hit during the 1936 season ... —^fc— The Boilermaker track team will have a dual meet with Iowa on the morning of May 1 . . . something new and different . . . —fc— Purdue opens her Big Ten baseball season schedule with Chicago on the Midway diamond on April 24 . . . only tivo of their twelve scheduled games are off the home grounds . . .
Co-eds To Receive Fencing Lessons In Gym Tonight
Approximately one hundred girls have already signed up for the class nstructions in fencing, which begins tonight at 7:16 in the Women’s Gymnasium. Jim Eeynolds, former University student, will conduct the class. Tonight he will conduct a demonstra-
tion fencing match b^ween members of the men’s fencing team, as
well as give a general discussion on fencing technique. He will also discuss plans and schedules for instruction, and explain the fencing tournaments to be held during the current year. All women wishing to attend tonight’s session who have not signed up, may still do so by calling Helen Beko, chairman of the class.
To Organize Tonight
Leaders in Girl Scout work will hold an organization meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30. The budgets of the various groups will be considered and plans laid for regular meetings of the organization.
g(t Cfitisitmag tlTime
For family and close friends, a portrait of yourself is the most personal—^the most appreciated of all gifts.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT TODAY
the Foster Shop Studio
Opposite Purdue Union
Phone 6725
Kappas In Finals Of Co^ed Bowling Tournament
By virtue of their win over the Ward 2 team, the Kappa Kappa Gammas will bowl against Ward 1 for the championship of the women’s bowling tournament. The Kappas defeated their opponents 1,818 pins to 1.686 in a match which featured one outstanding game of 188 pins by Viola Dammeyer, Kappa pledge. Marjorie Sundvahl turned in the second high total of 426 for an average of 141.
Farrington Leads Billiard Tournament Intercollegiate Matches Billed’ For March James Farrington, junior mechanical, is holding first place in the billiards tournament being held in preparation for the intercollegiate matches in March. Having won all seven of his games, Farrington now leads the class B tournament. Clas6 A billiards will not start until after Christmas vacation. Other entries expected in this tourney include Leon Dailey, M. H. Ongleman, H. D. Steed, H. Brewer, E. C. Ambrosen, A. G. Lockwood, and E. H. Stinebaugh. The standings in class B are as follows: Won Lost James Farrington 7 0 A. G. Lockwood 4 2 E. H. Stinebaugh 4 2 M. Cerda 2 2 P. H. Weisman 6 3 Don Chenoweth 5 3 A. Alexanian 4 4 C. Perry 1 7 J. M. Leahy 8 8
Purdue Raps Western State, 57-32 (Continued from page 3)
Western State defense completely baffled and were able to score at will. Young played almost the entire game except for a few minutes near the end when Zink was sent in to replace him. Hutt played a considerable portion of the game when he replaced Sines at forward. Seward and Anderson turned in good games at the pivot position. Both centers did a good job in the guarding of Arnold, Western State center who played the entire game. Malaska Spark Plug Pat Malaska again was the spark plug of the Boilermaker squad. He scored five field goals and a single free throw for a total of 11 points. Co-captain Downey brought the visitor’s defense out towards the center of the floor by sinking two field goals from out in midcourt. Downey’s guarding was one of the main reasons why Western State was unable to score more points, as on several occasions the Boilermaker guard stopped Western State attempts which seemed sure goals. Dickinson and Mangas played a part of the game at the guard positions and provided plenty of spark to the team. Near the end of the first half, the reserves came in with a lot of spirit and the squad seemed to gain a new lease on life. The Boilermakers gave Tony Hinkle a real show when the Butler coach came to scout the Purdue squad in order to get a line on them before the Purdue-Butler contest, December 16. Lineup and sumnoary: Purdue (57) B. F. P. Sines, f 7 3 3 Hutt, f 0 2 1 Young, f 6 3 1 Zink, f. 0 0 0 Seward, c 2 13 Anderson, c 10 1 Malaska, g 5 11 Dickinson g 10 0 Downey, g 2 11 Mangas, g 0 0 0
Totals 23 11 11 Western State (32) B. F. P, Word, f 8 11 Vaderberg, f 0 0 0 Mershon, f 10 2 Fischer, f. 0 0 0 Arnold, c. 4 3 3 Smith, g. 3 12 Kovacs, g 0 0 0 Freeland, g 2 11 Chappell, g. 0 0 0
Totals 18 6 9
EXPONENT
Jml^SimSS
All-American Board
Picks OJfficial Team
Eleven Selected From Squad Of 90 Listed Below
A board made up of Howard Jones, Elmer Layden, Frank 'Thomas, Christy Walsh, and Glenn S. Warner met in Los Angeles Sunday to pick the All-American football team for 1936.
Names of 90 players are listed below from which the selections were made.
The names of the men picked will not be published immediately but will appear in next Saturday’s Exponent, December 12.
HALVORSEN—Southern California. FUSIA—Manhattan. HILU—Duke. STRADLEY—Williams. KIRK—Middlebury. INGRAM—Navy. PERRIN—Santa Clara. ISBELL—Purdue. LIENHART—South Dakota State. HAINES—^Washington. FRANK—Yale. KONEMANN—Georgia Tech. DANBOM—^Notre Dame. WILLIAMS—U. C. L. A, BROCK—Nebraska. HAPES—Mississippi. KINARD—Mississippi. HAUZE—Pennsylvania. SALA—^Villanova. MESSERVEY—Temple. WILKINSON—Minnesota. DAVIS—Southern California. RILEY—Alabama. GLASSFORD—Pittsburgh. DENNERLEIN—St. Mary’s. MYERS—Kentucky. SCHOEN—Baldviin-Wallace. FINLEY—Southern Methodist. HENRION—Carnegie Tech. SCHMIDT—Navy. SCHEYER^Washington State. BASRAK—^Duquesne. KELLEY—Yale. FRANCIS—Nebraska. GEYEB—Northwestern. ELVEBSON—Pennsylvania. DICKENS—Tennessee. OSMANSKI—Holy Cross. GUCKEYSON—Maryland. BRYAN—Tulane. GOLDBERG-—Pittsburgh. SCHINDLER—Southern California. FRANCO—Fordham. ANTIL—Minnesota. MERCHANT—Loyola (New Orleans). SZUR—^Canisius. BUIVID—Marquette. KILGORE—^Auburn. RYAN—Utah Aggies. SAND BACH—Princeton. BJORK—Oregon. WENDT—Ohio State. MEYER—Army.
SQUASH
pAiaaB!B-*niite jL’ordfUHtt. VANZO—Northwestern, O’NEILL—Notre Dome. HANDRAHAN—Uartmonth. LEWTS—C'emson, CLARK—Stanford. DEUTSCH—St. Benedict. FURBY—Colombia. STARCEVICH—Washington. SHARP—New York University. SHOCKEY— Texas A. A H. LONDE—Missonri. HERWIG-Califomia. GILBERT—Anbom. TOLL—Princeton. HARDY—Georgetown. GODDARD—Washington State. BRUMBAUGH—Dpqnesne.
fl'ieZSIllMONS-GeofWte Co»ir FiS—St^mord. DUNNEY—N^ Yorfc IBitsetnifr MOYE—AhiMma. DADDfO—PHtshorgh. ART GUEPE—Margnette. HUFFMAN—Indianifc CULUNAN—Princeton, LAUTAR—Notre Dame. REIP—^Northwestentn. STEINKEMPEtt-Notre Hame, WIDSETH—^Minnesota. BAUGH-Texas Cbrfetian. WHITE—Aiahama. GRAY—Oregon State. DANIELlr—Pittahorgb, TINSLET—Looisiana State U.
Arrow unveils its newest dress shirt.
We might call it dual control—^Arrow's new well-behaved dress shirt which promises never to bulge out at the sides, dig into you when you bend over, or ride up when you sit down. Archer desigrt—back curved in and toils cupped to fit. It's the Lido—$3. Observe the two ingenious suspender loops and iiausei tab to bold bosom in place—(adjustable tor swing music} I O&er Arrow Dress Shirts $2.50 and more. Scadorized Sbiuak.... A aew shirt if one ever -ehrinb»
—TODAY— 4:00—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 4:46—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi 6:30—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 6:16—Sigma Chi vs. Triangle. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7:46—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
ERTAINTY UNDER ALL CONDITIONS
W HEN WINTER COMES, with its added hazards to all forms of transportation, the trains stand out by reason of their exceptional dependability and safety. • Railroading is based upon all-weather principles, sharpened by foresight. Railroads build track and equipment solidly. They provide ample power, warmth and comfort. They clear the way with snow plows, thaw out switches, inspect signals, keep in touch with trains by telephone and telegraph. Theirs is a devoted and resourceful personnel, accustomed to winning battles against the diemenis. • While some regions of the niinois Central System are more fortunate than others as regards the severity oi winter, the same Ccire for safety and pride in performance hold true Riroughout. Shovels for snow, REMINDER... sandbags for Rood, freight and Students going home for the
passenger cars as havens for storm refugees—all are parts of Illinois Central eiqierience. • Such a background leads to constant preparedness for the unexpected. That is why those seeking winter transportaticai consider it both smart and safe to patronize the railroad.
holidays will find railway transportation admfrahly suited to
their needs.
Low fares invite acquaintance with carriers that ought to he heir' ter known to young people today. New patrons will observe many travel refinements, and they will learn how great au emphasis our railroads place upon d^penda:. hility and safety.
OIS aimUL SYSTEM
•AH INDIANA NAILNDAD"""""'"""""""""^Vmr
THE PtlRDUE axt*ONBKT
Tttefed&y, PfecfetKibei^ 8,1936
’if
ETE*S FOOT FORMULA **44" Will give aAtis'fwstiOii
|4 OT ]M>ar money bacl^
Checks the fungus, soothes the soreness.
One |er
MED. FOOT SOAP
Trial Tube
relieves Intolerable itching. Cools—Com-
forts 98c Free 49c
H. C. ftCISNER, Student Suppliet HOOK'S DRUG CO HUFFMAN DRUG CO. BARtLETT DRUG CO., 306 State
Classified Adse
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and ■epaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
NOTICES He netieee accaoMl afler • A. iH.
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 3Sc per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Domer^s Flower Shop Qualitr Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. miON Dentist 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 496S
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic
Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
For Sale—1 TuKedo size 42; 1 full dress suit and vest size 38. Both in fine condition. Call between 5:307:00 p. m. 101 Park avenue. Phone 76292.
Many Things—That make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
For Rent—Comfortable, single room, close to campus, 432 N. Grant street Available December 10.
A Visit To Loeb’s Beauty Salon —^will put the finishing touches to your attractiveness — your boy friend will be proud to dance with you to Ina Ray Hutton’s Orchestra Saturday night Phone early for appointments 7901
Oh! How Beautiful—^You look tonight That’s what the boy friend will say after a visit to Loeb’s Beauty Salon. Phone 7901, Betty McQuisten for appointments
Lost—^Black zipper-top handbag on University, Chauncey, or Columbia streets. Finder please leave at Huffman Drug Store, or call 2075 Reward ^
Lindley Will Discuss Steel With WPA Group Prof. R. W Lindley, of the University practical mechanics department, will discuss “The Manufacture Of Iron And Steel” before an open meeting of the adult education division of the WPA this evening at 7'30 in room B of the Memorial Union Building
SUBSCRIBE TO THE exponent
If you want the best in
Guns and
Ammunitions
22 long rifle
27c See us
22 longs
22c SHELLS
22 shorts
17c 59c up
SPERB’S .
... Hardware
824 Main
' Spelling Clans—Students who have not passed their Ereshman Composition spelling tests may take the test in special classes which will be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until fMday, December 11, from 4 to 6 p. m. Attendance is voluntary Consult instructors for room assignments —WYKOFP,
Scabbard and Blade—All pledges get Intrenching tools from Service and Stores tool room Have deposit. ) —MILNER, C. E. 62—An opportunity for the removal of conditions in C. E 62 will be given at Ip m, December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY.
R. O. T. C.F—Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should reiwrt to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p, m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
Advanced Military—All juniors in advanced course will report in uniform tO supply room between the hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p m, December 8, or December 9, to be measured for boots and Sam Browne belts —HALLAM,
W. A. A. Hockey—All girls please get all equipment in immediately. —THOMPSON
P. O. M. M.—^Members who ordered keys may get them by calling at the Pi Kappa Phi House —McCANDLESS.
Co-eds on Exponent—^All members of my staff please meet in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p m December 9 for a compulsory meeting —JANOUSEK
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledges who missed test last week report to room F of the Memorial Union Building on December 8 at 7 30 p m —MERRIAM
Orchesis—The group working on square dances will meet in the Women’s Gym on December 8 at B p m —ELLIS
Gold Peppers—No meeting today —SCUDDER
Girls Glee Club—Meeting December 8 at 4 p m in the regular music hall hall —WHITEHEAD
Westminister Girls—Meeting December 8 at 6 30 o’clock at Westminster House —TEST
Discussion Group—^Discussion group meeting December 9, at 7 30 p m —KUEHN
Baptist Cabinet—Supper meeting December 8 at 6 p m, in Reverend Gleason’s home —SCHATZLEY
Purdue Dairy Club—^Meeting in Smith Hall at 7 p m December 8 Dr Young will speak on The Agricultural Outlook For Indiana In 1937 —SCHLOSSER
ROT. C—^All juniors in the advanced course will report in uniform to supply room between hours of 8 a m and 4pm December 8 and December 9 to be measured for boots and Sam Browne belts —HALLAM
Reamer Club—^Formal initiation December 9, at B p m., in the Memorial Union Building All members must attend —BUXTON
Union Workers—Our committee^ will meet in the office December 8 at 4 p m —REID, MYTINGER. SHEETS My committee will meet in the Union workshop December 8 at 4 p fn —PFORZHEIMER
Independents—Meeting of all managers and directors of activities December 8, at 7 30 p m in the PIA office Very important —WHITE
‘^Pennies From Heaven” Fall At Star Dust Dance A literal shower of “Pennies From Heaven” enlivened the WRH formal “Star Dust Dance” Saturday night Held aloft m silver bags, the pennies twinkled to the floor as Kenny Ebershoff’s oichestra played the popular piece Supper was served from 11 to 12 in the gaily decorated dining room, festooned with red candles in poinsettia holders A tree, sprinkled with blue lights and silver tinsel, helped to give a Christmas setting to the occasion
Assistant Professor Announces Marriage Miss Mary C Tapper’s engagement and approaching marriage to Dr Raymond M Cable, assistant professor of parasitology, has been announced Miss Tapper is the daughter of Mrs Perry C Tapper, Montclair, New York The wedding will take place Saturday evening, December 26, in the chapel of the First Baptist church in Montclau.
Sigma Alpha £psilon The Indiana Beta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, announces the initiation of J. H. Deckert, Chicago, 111 ; C. B. George, Ft. Wayne; D. C. Hayne, Kansas City, Mo ; A. B. Keller, Indianapolis; and R. W. Plummer, LaGrange, 111.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
SUDDEN Service
RINTING, one* SMonwy. ^ Feddinf Invltelioaf
PHONE ^ falwBfWtabElB.... 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 4081fERR/^ ■■■PiiLiiliJJ.WIMNiJMJlBli.lMJiiM.B
r;
Greiner Shoots Way To Free Club Membership J W. Greiner, University pistol star, won a year’s free membership in the Tippecanoe Rifle and Pistol Club with a score Df 87 out of a possible 100 in a match conducted at the club’s open house last week Greiner last spring won highest individual honors in the national R. O. T, C, pistol matches. He is the son of Prof. O. A Greiner, instructor in the modern languages department
Leaders Discuss Radio Education Problems in the radio field, of mutual interest to commercial and institutional stations, civic organizations, and public schools, were discussed by 125 representatives of these groups at the one-day session of the Indiana Radio Conference on the campus Saturday. Registration in the morning was followed by two meetings featuring speeches by several prominent men in the radio industry. Aftei the noon luncheon another meeting was held in the Memorial Union Building music room.
Chemicals To Show Film Tomorrow Under the joint supervision of the AIChE and Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary, the E. I DuPont film, “The Wonder World Of Chemistry,” will be shown to an open meeting at 4 15 o’clock tomorrow The meeting will be held in the lectuie rqom of the Electiical Engineering Building.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
^ e a Book To Everybody From ten cent ABC books to the weightiest tomes on history and biography, there’s one book that will be just what every member of the family is waiting for. We have a large and beautiful selection of rare and special editions, as well as all the new novels. Some New Titles:
Gone With the Wind
$3.00
Live Alone. Like It
.$1.50
Birds of America
$3.95
Wild Flowers ^
$3.95
Southworth's
WHY RISK A TRIP ON DOUBTFUL TIRES? When New Diamonds Cost So Little
DIAMOND DUPLEX
12 month guarantee
4.40-21 $5.05 4.50- 20 5.35 4 75-19 “" 5.90 5 00-19 6.35 5.00-20 $6.55 5:25-18 7.05 5.25-19 6.35 5.50- 17 6.95
Use Our Liberal Time Payment Plan
Guarantee
TIRE AND RUBBER CO.
532 Main St. Phone 3388
Open Sundays—8:30-11:30 A. M.
PLAID MACKINAWS $6.95
Just The Thins To Take Home To Dad Gloves 98c and up Lined or Unlined Bath Robes $2.98 and up Scarfs 48c and up Ear Muffs 25c Freshman Toques 48c
Reliable Clothing C
224 Main Street
SUEDE PANTS MOLESKIN $3.98 Senior and Gray Cords, $2.98 Slide Rule Pocket Check Cords, $2.98
Special Introduction ms Week Of our new method of cleaning and blocking hats. By our new system a Crown'^^leaned hat is repellent to water. No Increase In Price .... Onljr 50c Ask Our Roujteman Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES