5
T\ - ' 1 Purdue
x.in
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 142
Tuesday# April 2# 1940
Coriielia SI«niier, French
Deputy To Present Convo scmn^Author
Programs Here This Week Mondoguist Offers Special Address By ^ Character Sketches A. Philip Tomorrow
Cornelia Otis Skinner, mistress of the American solo-drama theatre, will present a program of monologues in the Memorial gymnasium for the University convocation on Thursday evening, April 4. Miss Skinner will announce her monologues from the stage rather than follow a set program. Prof. J. T. Gunn, convocation committee chairman, announced yesterday. All passports and season tickets will be valid for admission. The daughter of Otis Skinner, dean of the American stage, introduced her mode of drama presentation several years ago with the presentation of the costume stage play “The Wives .of Henry VIII.” Although the short dramatic sketches —her “Modern Monologues”—^form the foundation of her career. Miss Skinner has recently developed a broader medium in the regular stage plays presented in monologic form. Future Farmers To Convene Here For Conference Meeting for their eleventh annual state convention, 300 members of the Indiana Association of Future Farmers of America will gather on the University campus April 4, 6, and 6, Dr. Z. M. Smith, state FFA advisor and state leader of vocational agriculture education, announced yesterday. Representatives of 132 Indiana FFA chapters are expected to attend the conference, which will open Thursday morning with an executive committee meeting and general registration. At the first general session Thursday afternoon, addi’esses will be given by Dr. Smith, J. R. Rees of Columbus; and Ivan Kindschi, national FFA president. Speaking Contest Prof. 0. G. Lloyd, head of the University farm management department, will address a Friday morning session on the problems encountered in establishing a successful farm. Friday afternoon will be devoted to committee reports, and the 1940 FFA public speaking contest. At the annual banquet that evening state FFA vice-president Richard Hanna will introduce winners of public speaking, poultry judging, and livestock judging contests. Henry Amsler, of Rensselaer, and Robert Roupp, of Columbus, will be honored at the banquet for receiving the “American Farmer” degree during the past year in recognition of their outstanding work. Larry Brandon, secretary of the Indiana Farm Bureau, will be the principal speaker Saturday morning. Richardson To Address Radio Guild Tomorrow C. R. “Duke” Richardson, station manager of WDAN, Danville, 111., will speak to the Purdue Radio Guild tomorrow night on the problems and objectives of “The Independent Commercial Radio Station.” The meeting of the Guild, which is made up of staff members of WBAA, will start at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. Duke Richardson has been station manager of WDAN since it was built in 1936, and before that he wfis head of the Richardson Advertising Agency in Danville. WDAN is one of the eight radio stations operated by the Gannett Company which also owns and operates nineteen newspapers.
“Europe: A Myth or Reality” is the timely sub'ject of the special convocation lecture to be presented by a member of the French Chamber of Deputies, Andre Philip, at 8 p. m. tomorrow in the memorial gymnasium. Philip has a wide knowledge of world affairs gained by his governmental duties and extensive travels. He is lecturing in this country as a representative of the International Institution of Education of New York. In the French Chamber, Philip has been a member of the committees on finance and social reform. He is also a professor of economics and finance at the University of Lyons, Prance. Gimlets, Reamers Begin Ticket Sales For Pirate Tussle Tickets for the exhibition game with the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday afternoon, April 12, have been put on sale at Deckers in Lafayette and Deacs in West Lafayette as well as in the main ticket office in the Fieldhouse, it was announced last night by Dick Stapleton, in charge of ticket sales. In addition, tickets may be obtained from members of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs, cosponsors of the contest. Students 40 Cents A limited number of reserve seat tickets along the first base line will be on sale until Thursday, April 11, while the remaining tickets will be available until just before game time. The reserved seat tickets will sell at $1.00, students will be admitted for 40 cents, and tickets for the general public will be 76 cents. Judging from the advance mail order demand for tickets, a heavy sale of tickets is in prospect. Plans are under way to increase the seating capacity of the baseball field to 6,000 for the game in order to provide plenty of seats for all comers.
Have your social bearings been lubricated? Do you know what coeds think about “romantic line” dates? If you can’t answer these questions then you’d better get in line for a copy of “Pardon Me,” newly published etiquette book written by Georgann Schilling, Exponent co-ed editor. \ The 50 page booklet, especially prepared for college students will be distributed fi^om the PIA office beginning next Monday. It will be officially introduced to the public at the NISA convention meeting Friday afternoon. Frank Discussions The book frankly discussed such subjects as pin problems, dating, and necking in addition to more formal subjects such as dinner etiquette and introduction problems. The book is written in Georgann’s own light and humorous style as opposed to the more formal style of
Emily Post.
The booklet will be distributed to fraternities, sororities, and co-op housed on the campus for their libraries. Members of the PIA may also receive free copies by applying at the office of the PIA next Monday, April 8. Others may purchase copies for ten cents until the supply of two thousand runs out. “Pardon Me” was wi’itten ^olely by Miss Schilling who donated her services and the original manuscript to the PIA. Metzger Speaks At Senior AgBanguet “Rain falls on top-soil—and you men are the top-soil” was the statement Grover Metzger, BSA ’14, field secretary of the Illinois Agricultural association; made last night as he addressed some 175 senior ag students at the annual Alum-ni-Faculty-Senior banquet in the south ballroom of the Union. Basing his address around four main points: honesty, horse sense, patriotism,' and growth, Metzger gave pointers to help the graduates after leaving the University. Preceding the main address of the evening, T. A. Coleman, extension director who acted as toastmaster for the evening, introduced members of the advisory board. A welcome to the seniors was delivered by Professor William Aitkenhead, head of ag engineering de-
partment.
9 Committee Signs George Hall To Play For 1940 Junior Prond
PIAHoslThisWeek To Student Groups From 30 Colleges Two hundred students from 30 colleges and universities will be guests of the Purdue Independent Association this week-end. Attracting the visitors is the third annuhl convention of the National Independent Students’ Association which will be held in the Union Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Previous meetings of the national group have been held at the University of Kansas and the University of Oklahoma. Featured social event of the meet-; ing will be the convention dance in both ballrooms of the Union Friday night from 9 to 12. Music will be furnished by Jack McLean and his orchestra. The informal dance is open to all students as well as convention delegates. PIA members will be admitted upon presentation sf their membership cards and passports, while all others must purchase tickets. They may be obtained at the Union desk, the sweet shop desk, the PIA office, and from fraternity presidents. Speakers Keypote speaker of the convention will be Dean J. A. Park of Ohio State, while the concluding address will be given by Dean Amo Nowotny of the University of Texas. Friday night the delegates will listen to a discussion of indepen-dent-fraternity cooperation between Bill Catterall, Interfraternity Presidents’ Council head, and Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president. Independent groups in colleges and universities from Colorado to New Jersey and. Minnesota to Georgia are members of the NISA. Oldest of these associations is the local Independent Association, which was founded in 1922, and was instrumental in organizing the Oklahoma group a year later.
Dolly Dawn Featured Vocalist With Band; Tickets Go On Sale In Cashier^s Office George Hall and his orchestra, featuring Dolly Dawn in the vocals, has been signed to play for the 1940 Junior Prom, according to an announcement by the Prom Committee yesterday. Hall comes to the University from New York where ,he has placed an eight year engagement at the Hotel Taft. More recently. Hall and his band have played at the Claridge and Peabody in Memphis and the Brunswick in Boston. - - - ■ He has recorded on Vocalion rec-
ords, a number of which have been placed on the nicklelodian in the
sweet shop.
^ * Dolly Dawn Sings Dolly Dawn is recognized for recordings made with the “Dawn Patrol,” a smaller unit of the Hall band. She has b,een singing with them for three years. The committee has announced that both ballrooms will be in use, and emphasized that only juniors and seniors will be admitted with ticket sales limited to 800.
Jack McLean
Kappa Sigma
. . . social fraternity, was robbed of $116 yesterday morning. The burglar was Seen by a porter as he was leaving the house at 6:30 a. m.
. and his orchestra will play for the PIA Spring Dance in both ballrooms of the Union Friday night. YWCA Applications Available To Co-eds Co-eds interested in applying for positions on the YWCA cabinet may now obtain application blanks from the YWCA office. The blanks should be filled out and returned to the office before the end of the week: Any co-ed whether a member of YWCA or not may apply for a position. The cabinet serves as the executive board for YWCA. The cabinet will be chosen from those applying by the officers of the organization >at a meeting next week.
Survey Shows That Rural Youth Is Good College Risk'
By John Traugrott The rural or small high school graduate who elects to prepare himself at the University for a career in engineering frequently hears expression of the somewhat smug, compassionate view, held by the city high school trained students and a large portion of the faculty, that he has been mired by an inferior high school training, and hence only a low scholastic achievement at the University can be expected of him. Now factual evidence has been presented in a recent study by H. H. Remmers, of the division of educational reference, entitled “Predicting Success and Failure of Engineering Students at Purdue University” to indicate the inaccuracy of this assumption. Refute Old Theory This hypothesis, asserting that the student entering the University from a small, rural institution, will usually receive poor grades, and has not as good a chance of graduating from the University as does the student who graduated from a larger, urban school, is false, at least as it relates to the engineering student at Purdue. Dr. Remmers’ data indicates clearly that this factor is* in no way predictive of sdiolastic success. The purpose of the study here reported was to analyze the relationship to scholastic success of each of a number of variables, applied to 1,113 individuals representing the
The following table represents the scholastic history of those who graduated out of the 1,113 engineering students who entered the University 1933 and 1934. From In-State From Out-State Totals Long term Short Term ' high school high school (9-10 months) (8-8% months) Per cent of
total entering.
47.1
14.3
38.6
100
Percent of each division who graduated
47.6
12.3
40.1
42.3
Average orientation test percentile.
65
57
69
65
Average grade point average.
4.18
4.66
4.24
4.26
Per cent ranking in the upper third of high school class
59.8
44.0
61.9
67.6
classes entering the schools of engineering at the University in September 1933 and 1934. Variables Considered Variables considered as possibly predictive of scholastic success were: (1) orientation test scores, (2) length of high school term for Indiana students, (3) the high school graduating, class standing of .the individual, (4) and whether the student has residence and attended high school in-state or out-state. The variables by which scholastic success was attained were defined: (1) time required for the student to graduate, (2) whether the stu-
dent withdrew from the University, (3) whether the individual was dropped from the University, and (4) scholastic index average of the student. By detailing the scholastic history of each of these 1,113 students considered in the survey, and comparing each individual’s record relating to the four variables before mentioned as possibly predictive of scholastic success, it was possible to determine the actual value of each of the variables. School Term No Indication The data gathered in the study show that length of term of the
high school gives no indication of how well the student will acquit himself in the University. Dr. Remmers states: “For the University administration the important fact is that a student entering the schools of engineering from the small, short term high school is as good a ‘college risk’ with respect to graduation as are other students, and a somewhat better risk than other students with respect to average scholastic achievement.” Orientation Grades Predictive While the siuwey definitely eliminates the value of the pre-coUege residence and length of high school term factors in predicting scholastic success, the orientation test score and the high school graduating class standing records were' shown to be extremely good standards on which to base any prediction, the average orientation score being the most significant of these latter two. Of incidental interest are the facts, shown by the survey, that the chances of graduation are three times as good for those in the upper,, half of the orientation test score distribution as for those in the lower half, that the scholastic index for the classes graduating in 1937 and 1938 was 4.26, and that of the graduates of classes of 1937 and 1938 there was but one student who had received an orientation test score of less than 10.
Tickets will go on sale tomorrow , morning at 8 o’clock, and the sale will continue until noon Saturday. Juniors and seniors may obtain tickets at the cashier’s office in the Executive building upon presentation of their passports. Bids are priced at three dollars and the sale is limited to 800 tickets. AIEE Group Plans Terre Haute Trip For Joint Meeting Campus branch of the AIEE will attend the annual Tri-School convention at Rose-Polytechnic Institute on Saturday, April 6. Every year the AIEE branches from Illinois, Purdue, and Rose Polytechnic meet on one of the campuses for a joint meeting. 'The convention assembled here last year. Cars will leave from the EE building at 7 a. m. Saturday in order to arrive at Terre Haute in time for the convention registration at 9:30 a. m. Speakers at the convention include Phillip LaHue from West Lafayette who will present a paper on his thesis subject, “Variable-Ratio Three Phase Transformers,” and will display the transformer that he built. Wayne J. Morrill, designing engineer, fractional horsepower division, General Electric Go., Fort Wayne, will give a demonstration lecture on “Recent Developments in the Electrical Industry.” Inspection trips through the^ Dresser Generating Station and strip mines are planned for the afternoon. All EE’s are urged to sign up in the main office of the EE building before Thursday evening. Martin To Introduce Symphonic Records f Professor F. D. Martin of the chemistry department wUl introduce the symphony for this week in the Music Room tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. This is the first of a series of programs in connection with the national music appreciation offer of records of famous symphonies at low prices. Students and townspeople are invited to hear Professor Martin play the records which will go on sale the following day. Students may place orders for these albums at reduced rates at the Union bffice.
Joyce Buraham
... recently elected vice-president of WSGA, is confined in the Sfc, Efizabelh hospital vrith typlioid fever. Hospital authorities report her condition as grave. ”PU]|^0U£ EXPONENT
Tuesdcty^ April 2t 1940
Indiana coal men will gather here today for their annual conference. Registration is in Room 254 of the EE building at 9:30; a. m., after which professor G. A. Young, mechanical engineering school head, will give the welcoming address. Professor W. T. Miller will discuss - combustion fundamentals and W. Puggsley from Michigan City will speak on the selection, installation, ahd use of combustion control instruments. Coming to the afternoon sessions are K. C. Richmond, Chicago, and Herman Wiidtler, Lebanon, who will both discuss “The Domestic and Small Industrial Stoker.” Traveling ' from New York is Otto de Lorenzi to talk about the requirements of designing furnaces. Wednesday’s topic is “Methods of Burning Mid-western Coals.” Two Chicago men, W. S. Major and A. B. Openshaw, and J. R. Hoffman, Detroit, will explain the various types of stokers. The final topic will be a discussion on boiler feedwater led by E. F. Fager, Chicago. “ MclntireToPlay At Mortar Board Co-ed Bid f ormal Wayne Mclntire and his band will play for the last co-ed bid dance of the year on April 12 when Mortar Board presents its Southern Ball in the south Union ballroom. Tickets for the dance, which is to be formal, may be purchased by all co-eds at the sorority houses, residence halls, west desk of the Union, or from any Mortar Board member. The orchestra. Which is making its first appearance on the campus, was organized under the leadership of Johnny “Scat” Davis. Mclntire sang last summer with Davis’ band at the Blackhawk iii Chicago. Johnny Davis’ brother is now playing with Mclntire’s band. Decoratiehs for the affair will follow out the general theme of a southern ball in the “Gone With the Wind” style. Arrangements are in charge of: Louise Schickler, decorations; Georgann Schilling, band; and Martha Moorhead, tickets. Military Honorary Offers Medals, Merits As Prizes In Best Soldier Contest All freshmen and sophomores interested in entering the Best Soldier Contest should sign up in the supply room of the armory before Saturday, April 6. This annual contest, sponsored by Scabbard and Blade, is to promote good soldier characteristics in the corps. Those entered will be watched and rated on dress, attitude, and actions. Separate examinations will be given to freshmen and sophomores covering their respective fields of work, at the end of this observation. The contest will be held Saturday afternoon. May 4, in the Armory. A gold medal will go to the winner while second and third places will receive bronze medals. Citations will be awarded the first five places and merits will go to all showing active participation. Interfralernily Crown In Volleyball Won By Betas After defeating Alpha Gamma Rho in a close 21-19 game to, qualify for the final game, the Betas/ overcame the Phi Kappa Sigma squad to annex the Interfraternity Volley Ball Championship. The Phi Kappa Sigs won over the Delta Chis! in the semi-finals by a score of 21-
19.
Alpha Phi Omega ... national Boy Scout honorary announces the election of the following officers: A. W. Yates, Englewood, N. J., president; W. F. Long, South Bend, vicerpresident; R, H. Schnell, Indianapolis, vice-presi-dent; E. C. Chambers, Oak Park, m., tre^urer; C, W. Carmichael, Marshall, secretary; L. B. McCammon, Robinson, 111., historian. Installation will take place tomorrow.
ijt}0.(17bu}A I Bx Nan Zachary
Chicago University has invited four intramural basketball teams from WAA to play there Saturday, April 6.. Players are urged to come to' practices today, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday at 4 p. m.
All co-eds are urged to pick their faculty partners for the co-ed-fac-ulty tennis match that wiU be played as soon as all partners have been chosen. Both men and women :^aculty members are to be included in the list of eligibles.
Baseball callout is scheduled for Thursday, 4 o’clock. Three practices are required for eligibility for WAA points and intramural competition. Mary Pidgeon is manager of intramural baseball in which a cup will be awarded to the winning team. —waa— Badminton Club will meet in the Women’s Gym on Friday, at 4 o’clock. f
WAA tennis is scheduled for Monday and Wednesday at 4 p. m. on the Women’s courts. All experienced racket-wielders are invited to participate though instruction will not be given to beginners. Bridge Tournament Formal Entrance Blanks Due Monday ’ According to an annoimcement by all-campus championship bridge tournament officials, all the teams which have filed application to enter the contest must fill out formal entry blanks at the West desk of the Union not later than noon Monday, April 8. Provision has also been made to accept entries from teams which have not previously filed applications. The tournament will be limited to 80 teams, and the entries will be accepted in the order received. The opening rounds of the tournament will be held Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock in the south Union ballroom. Qualifring rounds will be followed by two semi-final rounds to select those who will compete in the final four team play-off for the championship. Gold and silver trophies will be awarded the champion and runner-up teams respectively, and cartons of cigarettes vrill be prizes for the high score teams in the individual sessions.
PiKA
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of: D. V.? Bremerman, Indianapolis; K. E. Sutton, Pompton Lakes, N. J.; G. J. Siener, Niagara Palls, N. Y.; E. D. Walsh, Newark, N. J.; W. W. Haase, Martinsville; A. C. Duncan, Princeton; and C. L. Breeden, West Lafayette. Tbe pledging of: J. H. Pickerell, East Chicago; E. C. Smith, Chicago, 111.; D. K. Hedden, New Albany; and R. E. Lee, Tell City, has also been announced.
RacqUertWielders Prime For First , MatchWith Butler With five places on this years’ edition of the Boilermaker tennis squad fairly well settled. Coach Larry Labree has settled down to preparing his racquet wieldefS for the first match of the season. The proceedings will get under way,April 19 against Butler at Indianapolis, and will be followed by an encounter with the Spa;rtans of Michigan State. . Only two veterans have returned this year to bolster the Riveter hopes, but a host of newcomers have stepped ih aind ehded any worries that Larry might have had about this yeUt’s squhd. Ghptain Bob Fuente and Jihi Hebbler are the two returning stalwarts, both having seen a considerable amotmt of actioh la!st sehson; Bob Anderson, Ray Lucht, and Bill Berg have shoym a lot of promising tennis lately and will probably take charge of a trio of positions on the Boilermaker team. Coach LaBree is busy looking for a sixth man, but with the wealth of material on hand has little fear of not being able to plug'the gap. Army Anmounces Reserve Officers Training Program Headquarters of the fifth corp area notified the military department that the army will give a year’s training, beginning July, 1940, to one thousand graduates of senior military corps, for the position of second lieutenant in the Officer’s Reserve Corp. At the end of the year’s training, permanent positions with the reserve corps will be open for 60 to 100 of those who train. Qualifications specify that the applicant shall be under 28 and-Un-married. Those accepted will receive regular reserve oflScer second lieutenant’s pay while training. A physical examination for applicants will be given at'the University the week of April 15. , Seniors in the ROTC should make application through the office of Colonel Beere. Others should make application through the reserve headquarters to which they are at present assigned. Forestry Club To Choose Officers At Next Meeting Officers for the coming year will be elected at the meeting of the Forestry club tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the auditorium of the Horticulture building. The elections will follow a short business meeting. All forestry students are urged to attend. Details of the Forestry club field day to be held on April 27 will be discussed at this meeting.
Phi Delta Theta
.. . announces the initiation of the following men: Warren McConnell, Indianapolis; Tom Clennon, Oak Park, 111.; Jake Davis, Attica; Tom Hobbs, Plainfield; Jim Jackson, Indianapolis; John Ettinger, Warsaw.
LIAU TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY and TOMORROW ONLY Old Prints by Hogarth, Daumier, Gillray and Others All Originals anjd Over 100 Years Old Prices range from $1.50 to $5.00 SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
— ALSO
^LD » OvSIeN • GWBNN
GRIN ANil BiAR IT
By Ueliiy
Notices
Purdne Gynmiistic’ Club : All memberB of the club -who are to perfona in- the meet with Williams CpHeKe are to workout their exercises by April B. Practice is being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Prlday, from 4 to 6 p. m. at thd Pieldhouse. —MIDDLETON.
SopKoniore Military Btndaatsi Advanced cou'rsb list pDstfed on Oie buliysn board in the armory. Bead it and comply with Instructions. (4-B) —AWSELOGEL. Eta Kappa Nn : Important meeting of all actives and pledg;?s Tuesday, April 2, at 7:80 p. m. in iWoni' 184 of the electrical engineering building for discussion of open house. Meeting that afternoon has been cancelled. —KEEN.
POMM Pledges: Pledge naeeting in the armory at 7 :80 a. m. Wednesday, April 3. —MILLIGAN.
Silver Mask: All actives' meet in front of main entrance of Pieldhouse gym at 9:45 p. m., Wednesday, April 3. —WELDV.
Radio Club: Meeting postponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 itt room 254 of the . EE building. —PITCHER. ,
Mortar Board; Meeting Tuesday, April 2, at 6:80 in Chestnut room of Union. i —SAUREB.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting Tuesday, April 2, at 4 p. m. Please attend. —BLOSSEB.
S. C. A.: Regular S. C. A. board meet^ ing in room 328 of Union at 7 p. m. Tuesday, April 2. —BROWN.
All Lutheran Students: Dr. C. P. Harry will address members of Lutheron Students Association' in rooni 282 of the Union, Thursday, April 4, at 7:15 p. m. All members are urged,,to attend and meet Dr. Harry. —HALL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 308 of the Union, Tuesday, April 2, ,at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Varsity Tennis Candidates: Report to courts north of Pieldhouse every evening. , —LABBEE.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 2, at 7 p. m. in Pieldhouse pool. Election of officers will be held. Very important —SPEARS.
Egg Show Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 2, in the Poultry building. All members please attend. —SEARCY.
Purdue Engineer: All members of the business staff report at Engineer office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 2. —LANTZ.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, April 4 in room 304 of the Union at 7 p. m. —BADE.
Ceres: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 2 at 7 p. m. in the Agriculturist office in the Union. —BRUNK.
Gimlet: Important dinner meeting at the Sigma Chi house Thursday, April 4 at 6 p. m. Pinal selection of pledges. —^PRAZEE. All Modern Dancers:; Practice Tuesday, April 2, at 7 :15 p. m. in the women’s gym. nasium. —KNIGHT. Hoof and Horn Members: Meeting Wednesday, April 8, in room 118 of Ag Hall at 7 :30 p. m. Claud Harper will be the speaker. —HURST.
Varsity Show Properties: All students interested in working on properties for the varsity show report to the o....ce of Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, April 2, —CARR.
— Last Times Today-—
CROSBY lAMOUR HOPE iOADToSINCAPORE
EXTRA-
I'Teddy the Roughrider'
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING
PULITZER PRIZE PLAY o/ the days when Illinois was . Americans farthest flung frontier I
With RAYMOND MASSEY Rbbo LocUart • RhUi fiordoo * Half Howard • DarotbyTrea • Harbey StmlHmt»IMaarWa|»w«Alan Baxter
COMING SATURDAY Waif Disney's PINOCCHIO
“—^the steering equipment isn’t good? Are yon going to allow that cad to insult your wfe, Elwyn?”
ViWi'ty Show' Properties: All students interested in working on properties for; the vaHsity show rtport to the office of Elliza Fowler Hall at 4'P. m. on Tuesday, April 2. —CARR.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, April 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. —McCAMMON.
Forestry Club: Meeting for election of officers and to make plans for annual forestry field day in Hort Building at. 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, April 2. —WALLACE. Sophomore Military Students: Sophomore advanced course applicants read' the no: tice on the bulletin board in the Armory and comply with ihstructions thereoP. —WISELOGEL.
Classified
Physics 1' B Conditions: ExaminatioPs will be held in' room 210': of' the cheml and met. building, Saturday, April 6, at I p. m.. -SHERMAN.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and poi^ble, sold, purchased, ranted and repaired^ New portable machines as loyr as $29.76. Supidies. C, P. Ebersheff, 606 Main strert.
FOR SALEI—1936 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton'. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St., W. L.
Foreign Relief Committee: Second meeting Wednesday, April 3, at 4 p. m. in the Union Exponent office. ^—INSLEY.
FOR RENT Bass—Beilt.A-Car Bervlca. Can for (dl oeeastons. Mhi. $2.60 all night. Pbons 71644.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting will be held Wednesday evening, April 8, instead of Thursday, April 4, as planned because of convo. Mr. C. R. Richardson will speak at 7 :30 p. m. in room 268 of the union on “The Independent Commercial Station.: —MILLER.
LOST AND Found LOST—On campus Monday, Exponent gold key. Reward. Don Terrio, 76061.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting postponed until Thursday, April 11, because of conflict with Gimlet meeting. 4-4 , —CATTEBALL.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting for selection of pledges at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, April 3, in room 212 of the Union. —CATTEBALL.
WAA Basketball: Girls Interested in going to the basketball playday at Chicago on Saturday, April 6, must report for practice every night this week at 6 p. m. —FRASER.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Greatest Screen ViranlaClt#
RANDOLPH SCOTT-HUmPHREY BOGART FRANK MeUDSn - At AN MU • 60INN ‘Bl2 Bof’WIUIAMS
MARS
TOMORROW —ONE DAY ONLY— MATINEE 3:15—EVE. 8:15
THE LAST AND MOST OUTSTANDING LEGITIMATE STAGE PLAY TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON EVA LE GALLIENE ONE OF THE FIRST LADIES OF THE THEATRE IN ISBEN'S CLASSIC DRAMA ^^HEDDA GABLER''
A
stage
_ with —
EARL LARIMORE
NOT A
PLAY
AND A SUPERB BROADWAY CAST
PICTURE
—GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE Box Office Open Daily—-11:00 a.m.to 9:00p.m.
Phone 7$i63 for Reservations
matinee ......55 - 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 night. 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 - 2.00 - 2.50
—Incbiding Tax—
250 Matinee Seats at. 55c—^250 Eve. Seats: 83c
ADM.>
T
//€
V t/-' "fvi^ ‘ " • " r "s
^*^^S!iy, A wA
^ >/
' ' • V •k;S»
Tuesday. April 2. 1940
THE PtfRDUE EXPOHENT
. I Golfers To Gather Here ForBoilermakerClinic
Fairway trotters from all parts of the middle^west will gather here next week for the Purdue Golf Clinic, the jBrst of its kind in this section of the country. The aifair which is to take place next Wednesday and Thtirsday, April 10-11, will be sponsored by the University division of physical education for men in co-operation with the Professional Golfers’ Association of America and the Indiana section of the above mentioned P. G. A. Two Day Program The two day program has been arranged for the purpose of improving, if possible, the methods of golf
instruction. The talks^ and discussions will all be practical in nature.
and the programs will include demonstrations by several noted golf professionals and educators. Among the pros that will be on hand when the proceedings open on Wednesday, will be Horton Smith, Byron Nelson, Gene Sarazen, Dick Metz, and Tom Walsh. Nelson is the present National Open and P. G. A. champ, while Walsh is presi-
dent of the Professional Golfers’ Association. Mass Instruction The Clinic will open Wednesday afternoon With registration in the main lobby of the Pieldhouse, and continue on through the day with a series of talks, movies, demonstrations, and an inspection of the new Purdue course. Highlighting the day’s activities will be a mass golf instruction for students, faculty, and townspeople at 8:46 o’clock in the evening. Golf in its various forms will be the main topic of discussion on Thursday morning, with talks on golf in the high schools, colleges, and city recreation prdgrams. The average linksman himself, and his impliments along with a number of aptitude tests will also occupy a large jiart of the second day’s activities. The program will be concluded at 3:30 p. m, when Gene Sarazen, Dick Metz, and Byron Nelson will hold an outdoor demonstration on the Intramural field.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK ^ DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th e Main Phone 5701
• Jewelers
DR.'A.M. IRION ' DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop ’ Quality Fiowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Tailor
• Hardware
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 AAain Phone 2777
SPONSORED BY
JhsL (ImahumL 3btqjuatL
dwdUa/uf.
APRIL 5th DANCING 9 to 1 Lafayette Armory 9tli fr Union Tickets May Be Purchased At
Deacs
West Desk of Union
\
£xp6mtdt SpoJ^ fiaqn
Rolfe Jenkins, Sports Editor
Joe Dolan, Night Editor
Riveter Golf Squad Returns From Trip On Southern Links
Coach Doan Issues Call For Frosh Diamond Arfisfs
After dropping their first pair of matches to Southern opponents, the Kiveter golf team downed the University of Tennessee in the final match of the week long jaunt before returning to cooler climes. In the (first match of the trip the Boilermaker contingent lost to a Georgia Tech links squad on a hilly, windswept course at Atlanta. The following day the Eiveter team was defeated by a strong University of Georgia squad, with five of the Georgian team shooting 72’s or under. Prom Georgia the team traveled North to Knoxville, Tennessee, where they met the University of Tennessee sextet on Thursday. At Knoxville the Riveters began hitting their stride as they won a decisive victory over the Vols 16 to 11, McDaniels and Hoffer led the team to victory with a win as h doubles team together with wins in their individual matches. McDaniels’ 77 and Hoffer’s 78 were the low scores for the day, ' In the final meet Dahl and Skinner also won their doubles matches with Dahl splitting his single match and Skinner annexing his. McKenzie and Weldy halved their doubles match, but both were defeated in the singles matches.
Phi Delta Theta
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER
Lafayette
4th and Ferry
/
ANNOUNCING THE APPOINTMENT OF
NATHAN P. POULOS (Class of ’39)
Home Office College Representative for THE LAFAYETTE LIFE INSURANCE CO.
“Nate” is our campus representative at Purdue University, counseling with Purdue students in their Saving and Annuity Plane. B
Phone 4019
901-2 Lafayette Life Bldg.
Diamondmen Win Fouu Lose One On Trip South
By Joe Dolan
All candidates for the Purdue freshman baseball squad are expected to report to Coach Pop Doan at 4 o’clock Wednesday afternoon in Room 107 of the men’s gymnasium, according to a call issued last night. Instructions regarding the issuance of equipment and plans for the practice season will be outlined at the initial meeting.
Back from its annual spring jaunt to the land of cotton where it migrates each spring vacation in search of opposition in the form of baseball, the Purdue baseball squad, under the direction of “Dutch” Fehring, yesterday turned its eyes to Ross-Ade recreation field for its initial workout out-of-doors north of the Mason-Dixon line. While south the Boilermakers won four games and lost one, giving the cadets of the Pensacola Naval Training Station a three game lesson and splitting with Aubufn Tech of Au-
rkviY»v» A
, . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Robert Colquhoun, president; Lou Gray, first vice-president; Don Jackson, steward; Phil Johnson, alumni secretary; Jake Davis, secretary; Jim Walley, reporter; Tom Hobbs, warden; Doug McDaniel, historian; Bob von Buelow, chaplain; Bill Hosier, assistant chaplain; Huck Bramberry, chorister; Don Jackson, assistant chorister.
A great deal of valuable practice and experience was gained during the trip in preparation for,the season’s first home match with Detroit April 13. The Riveter team was playing against odds during the trip as the Southern squads had had the advantage of a great deal more decent weather which allowed a longer period of preparation.
burn, Ala.
Purdue’s nine expressed a spirit seldom depicted in Boilermaker baseball ranks during past campaigns, that of coming from behind in every game the Riveters won to be the eventual victor. Boilermaker hitting power, a bit on the latent side during the greater part of last season, found new life and slugged southern pitching like cousins. Especially encouraging were the plate performances of W a r g o, Mackiewiez, Blanken, McFerrin and Waterhouse. Fair Infield Purdue presented an almost veteran infield with the exception of the shortstop post that was left in the hands of Chuck Rawles, a sophomore, but another sophomore, Harry McFerren, playing a bangup game at the keystone position, stimulated Fehring to shift co-Cap-tain Hearne to short from his customary second base post to allow injection of McFerren into the lineup which gave the Boilermakers a hard hitting group of infielders. Three Straight In the first game, the Boilermakers had little trouble with the Cadets at Pensacola, winning easily by the score of 9-6. After trailing by a couple of markers, the Purdue guns went off with a fourth inning roar that netted four runs, the winning markers. These four runs came as the result of Fisher’s single, Paul Mitchell’s double, and Dick Wargo’s single that scored two of
the runs.
With Wargo on first, Hearne was nipped by a pitched ball, and Mackiewicz sent them home on a single. Higgens, Danowski, and Bailey hurled for Purdue m this game, allowing the southerners but seven hits. Bailey struck out five, walked one, and allowed two hits. Danowski struck out two, walked four, allowed two safeties, and hit a pair
of batsmen. Higgins whiffed fiv'e, walked one, and gave two bits. n Vernon Homers The second Naval game saw the Purdue batsmen going^ on a 14 bit rampage to win 17-8. Vernon’s homer was the first Boilermaker distance blow of the present campaign. Blanken, Navta, and Bailey worked this contest from the mound giving but half-a-dozen hits to the Birdmen. The third game between the gobs and Purdue almost resulted in a seven mning game win for the host club, had but the big bat of Felix Mackiewicz spoke out with a loud tnple after Wargo had singled to win the fracas for the Gold and Black. With the score tied 6-6 going into the last inmng, Purdue won the final at the Pensacola Naval Training station 8-6. Naughty Alabama The engineers at Anbum weren’t such nice cooperative hosts for the boys to send clippings home about, because the Tech players gave the Purdue team a 7-2 pinning at the ears in the two team’s first meeting. Bailey was charged' with the Purdue defeat, but he was given very poor support at the plate by his teammates, as the Tech hurler, Kilpatrick, had a gay afternoon of pla3dng catch with his catcher, striking out ten Purdue platemen. Alabama outhit Purdue 11-5. Bailey worked five innings and struck out six opponents. Whitey Stamm got the only hard driven base hit for Purdue dmring this game. Even Stephen, etc. Purdue’s game with the Auburn Polsrtechnical outfit on Friday afternoon evened things up, as the Fehring circus left Alabama with a 6-1 win. Alabama jumped to a 1-0 lead at the end of four innings, but Purdue, pulling that old moral as well as victorious stuff, came right back in the fifth to score one more than the Southerners. MacMewicz’s home run made it 3-1, Purdue, in the eighth, and then the Boilermakers gave the Alabama club and the south a ringing salute for a parting. Blanken, who had started tbe game as a pitcher, but finished in the gardens, lifted a home run out of the park. Dick Wargo added to the farewell ceremony with another four-ply blow, and Vernon washed it all down with a ringing triplp that had Alabama outfielders running almost into Georgia.
2!)-?5
THE REMETTE
This IS the lowest priced Remington Portable Typewriter. And it is the best buy in its price line. The Remette is not a stripped machine. Remington Rand presents this machine to its Public with the definite statement that it is a result of the workmanship and
the craftsmanship of experienced engineers. In this typewriter. Remington has combined perfect balance and touch making the Remette
serviceable and practabiq.
In short, although bui.lt as the lowest priced machine in the Remington Portable Line it sacrifices no essential feature necessary for a satis-
factory typing job.
The Remette is the typewriter for younger students who will in time, grow to need the additional convenience^f higher priced Remington
Portables.
Here are the features of the Remette: Coihplete, four-tow 84 character, standard keyboard; Upper and lower case characters; Back spacer; Right and left hand shift keys; Shift lock; Exclusive Remington gear action which assures positive alignement; Chrome line space carriage return lever; Two adjustable margin stops; Single and double space adjustment; Carnage release lever; Special wrinkle finish which will not scratch or show finger marks; Pressure roll release lever; Pica or Elite type. Carrying Case Included with Price Touch Method Instruction Book Free
SPECIAL LOW TERMS
In Stock and For Sale by HAYWOOD’S "EVERYTHING FOR THE OFFICE” Fifffi A Ferry Sts. Lafayette. lad. PHONE 4085
idglbiI
'^V'A. • * .V'.,-- ,-,
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. Ai^ 2, 1940'
SSi;.
But
By Petrov The by-line is right on the column today. Maybe it’s
spring fever, maybe it’s mental overactivity, but anyway we were drafted for today’s journalistic masterpiece . . . here ’tis ...
In case you are wondering what we’re doing in the Exponent office now ... we’re hiding. > We are a fugitive from a Merriam-Abbot gas engine. The instructor let us write our own ticket... you know, free rein.
We adjusted the valves on the motor ourselves . . . cranked her up. Through some quirk of fate the motor started backwards and midst belching smoke we made our way over here from the lab.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insler Edltor-ln-CWet W. B. Smith Bnsiness Manager
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managing editor; K Antonini, senior advertising manager; G.'Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
Sports 2792
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y.
. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, McKee Ass’t. Night Editor, Fletcher Day Editor, Simpson Tuesday, April 2, 1940.
All of which brings us down to Bob Viehe. Having put up a determined battle all year, l^b finally gets to buy the Phi Gams cigars. Oh, yes the girl is our own little “Piny” Sexton . . . number two for her.
-B & B—
Spring! Beautiful spring, bah! Anyway it’s here and the lads thbught something ought to be done about it and . . . well, it’s the same old story and far be it from, us to slight anybody.
-B & B—
On second thought We’re too weak to draw a moral.
But enuf of this twaddle ... we have a note of sadness to inject at this point . . . we have passed the prime of youth.
We made the horrible mistake of going to a high school dance last Saturday night. While the H. S. adolescents were convulsed with merriment and burning up the BTU’s in the make-with-the-legs jitterbug, we sat on a convenient and much used sofa, perspiring freely, and wishing that the dance had one-o’clock hours.
There must be some moral that we, in the throes of middle-age, can draw from all this. ... ^
Speaking of H. S, dances, we hear (after reading proof on the front page) that George “let-me-take-care of-the-rabbits” Hall is going to lay a post-Easter egg in the ballroom April T9. i It’s reassuring to know that we are \ old enough to go to a dartce, and to prove it we looked up our birth certificate while we wei’e home for vacation . ... Other data included “number in order of birth” and “legitimate?” The first question was answered “2” and the second “yes.” And it was all notarized ... nya-a-a-ah. '
It was probably quite touching to Marge Baldwin when she took Paul Liebrecht’s Lambda CM pin. After all it was Marge’s third offense, having previously worn Bud Evers’ and Bill Huls’ . . . you have our blessings Paul, it is still a novelty to you. —B & B—
And one of the more touching scenes of spring may be seen by going to one of the nearby ale houses and Watching Jim Rice of Sigma Nu fame, crying in his beer. The cause of his liquid felt'grief is the action taken by his dream-girl, Jean Munroe. Jean took Jim Dietz’s pin. A poor excuse is better than none at all. Rice.
Zachary, Sigma Pi,, and former Pprdbe footballer. We only Wish that all Purdue romances would turn out this well. . . we’ll say nh more. —B &B—■ Before leaving you for the day we wish to remind you that A DOUBLE MARS PASS awaits the CONTRIB of the week. Remember folks there, are some rainy days ahead; so you can’t spbnd vail your time at Happy Hollow.
-B & B—
-B & B-
Maybe it Was coincidence and then again maybe it wasn’t, anyway Bill Huls, SAE, put his pin on Barbara Fellows, ChiO ... Purely an amateur as it is only his second known offense.
From the Sig Ep house comes the news of another pin merger. Don Walsh, newly elected prexy, was given a pin by Ms admiring classmates ... he next obtained their permission and proceeded to put his (or their pin) on Irma Irwin, Delta Gamma.
It is not our policy to poison anyone’s mind, BUT to Jim Orton we feel it is only our duty to warn him against trusting ypuf' girl with anybody . . .'^yes, even a fraternity brother. v
Albert Hansen
—B & B— ^ More important and serious news is the announcement of engagement of our assistant Union manager, Lillian Peterson to Jim
... former member on the agricultural extension staff, died Mon-... day, March 26, at his home in Los Angeles, California, of a heart ailment. Hansen was widely known as a writer and speaker on farm subjects, and for his Indiana campaign for weed control.
Have we neglected to mention it lately?
dOm, anjdi d(sik.
treat on the same mght will be the appearance of Henry Busse and his famous shuffle rhythm in Lafayette at the Legion dance.
By .Georgaiin Schilling There is a note of gayety in the air; steps are lighter, voices merrier, eyes shinier. Everyofie looks rested and ready for the final weeks of the semester. And while we were away, spring came. Need we say
H & H
College women all
more ?
H & H
Jack McLean and his band will visit us iu the ballroom tMs Friday night at the PI A spring dance. You have probably heard McLean over the air tMs winter from the Aragon or Trianon ballrooms where he has been playing. Another band
over the
United States collect sweaters as William Randolph Hearst collects art treasures. But the co-eds get a good deal more out of their collection than does Mr. Hearst. During •vacation most campus girls seem to have added a number of spring sweaters to their wardrobes. There was a time when girls bought sweaters to keep warm, but now there is as much care taken in th* styling of the new sweaters as their is in designing a dress. So notice the new rainbow hues and clever styles of the additions to the clothing essentials around.
Jobs, jobs, jobs—so goes the small talk in all senior classes these days. And worried looks seem to be developing into frowns as time goes on. The sight of a pay check is a very pleasant experience, and one sought by most seniors as soon as their four year struggle is over. It’s early yet to start worrying.
Crown C ■' or
don’t you think?
H & H
Ml wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
Have you seen the pastel pink tickets for the Mortar Board dance ? These very colorful bits of pasteboard are lettered in shocking blue printing and contain the information that Wayne Meintire and his band will play for Mortar Board’s Southern Ball on Friday night, April 12, in the ballroom. The dance will be formal. Food for thought.
1^1 N E C L E A'N E R S Q F F I N E C L O T M E S
ii
O^ckids to tk
e
mon
ewice
dJke (SLedtnut
oom
the place to dine in comfort and serenity. Superb food is offered with excellent service in a pleasing atmosphere. Don^t miss this best of dining rooms on the third floor.
dJke ^weet \^k
op
where gaiety and good fellowship reign supreme. Delectable toastwiches and fountain orders served with speed and pleasantness. A familiar face—in a familiar place.
e
GnltJlo
is the selection for a modern and youthful rendezvous. Meals are served at all hours of the day, and experienced operators fill your fountain orders.
e
offers speedy service with its two fast moving lines. Nourishing f(x>d excellently planned for variety, economy, and nutrition.
Vk
e
the newest of the new—a stool and counter shop. Delicious coffee—-unusual menu. Food for every taste—-at any hour of the day.
JhiL PufidiuL THmufiuiL lAnjum,
The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities