- -i f *. { ^ ■ , - I r r ' % '
m
^ i
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 51. No. 102
Exponent
Tuesday. Febniaty 6^ 1940
•• 4,. j f"
- \, «
'•m 4
! f
Ivi
Parade^ of Opinion by Issoeiated Ciliegiatt Press
Two Day Concrete Short Course Will
Indianapolis Symphony
opMpnihutsdaT Here For Two Concerts
sPreparedness
Despit^the fact that most of the war talk on the nation’s campuses is peace talk, there nevertheless is a growing tendency among collegians and their campus superiors to discuss what they believe to be the bad effects of peace movements that make collegians more concerned with safety first than with the fate of their nation. First to focus attention on this particular interpretation of the undergraduae peace movements was President-emeritus William Allen Neilson, of Smith College, who said: “For the moment, the attitude of our academic youth seems to be so largely self-centered that one doubt? whether the form in which pacifism was brought to them during thes^ years was the best for their spiritual healtk. The young men of ^oday seem to be largely concerned with saftey first and the old men with $30 every Thursday. Peace that is not the crown of justice and liberty is a peace that cannot last, and it would have been more inspiring if pur young men and women today had been more concerned with their own safety.” The college press early challenged this view, with the University of Iowa Daily Iowan taking the lead with an editorial which said in part: “He asks us to bring justice and liberty to a world that apparently is not greatly concerned about justice and liberty. If dying for it is the only way, America’s youth prefers to live. If Dr. Nielson is concerned because he has not yet heard the battle cry in America, he must continue to be concerned. America believes today, as he apparently is not aware, that nothing is won by war.” Siding in with the Daily Iowan’s point of view was the Columbia University Spectator, which maintained that “times have changed and the *youth of today realizes that any war he fights will be to protect the interests of the old men running the country—men -v^^ho have hereditary economic and social interests in other lands than the United States. We of this generation refute much of that ‘great heredity.’ We want no part of it,” Here is a quick summary of the other indications that point to the fact that today’s college youth is not unanimous in agreeing with the peace-at-any-price talk. The reader should bear in mind that this trend is not as widespread or as vociferous as the trend created by the peace groups— nor should the reader gain the impression that those contributing to this new trend are uninterested in peace for the United States and the world, j Pointing to the dangers of pacifism, the Wellesley College News said: “Once again the small, peace-loving neutral states are facing the possibility of being sacrificed to aid in the power politics of a great and forceful state. This is an indictment of passive pacifism. Those who are truly pacifistic, who are sincerely dismayed at the recognition that the peaceful state is now no more than a ‘buffer,’ cannot fail to realize that a mere lip service to pacifistic principles, a passive hope that a state wishing peace will be let alone, is not enough.” In urging support for the National Guard, the Emporia (Kans.) State Teachers College Bulletin said: “The guardsmen are even more concerned with keeping peace in the world than the average student, for they more fully realize what war means to them. They can also more easily visualize the actual wartime living conditions from the sample they have had. It is generally agreed that the American casualty losses in the last war would have been greatly reduced had the men been able to get more training be^fore going into the field.” So, despite the popular belief that all collegians are pacifists, the anti-pacifism camp is growing steadily, though not spectacularly, in these times when war is an almost-universal subject of conversation.
'‘Ready mixed concrete” is the official title given to a two day short course scheduled to be held here Thursday and Friday of this week. Operators of ready mixed concrete plants, and gravel, stone, and aggregate producers will come to the University to exchange and receive ideas to help produce better con-
crete.
Thirteenth Annual
Afternoon Performance For Children;
Canners' Meeting
Students Will Attend Evening Show
The course is sponsored by the Civil Engineej;'ing school and the Engineering Extension department. Spokesman for the committee in charge, R. B. Crepps, assistant professor of testing materials, said the program had been arranged at the request of the owners and operators of plants. First day of the course will be devoted to technical production of the problems. R. S. Phillips, a member of the educational department of the Portland cement company, will demonstrate the basic principles of concrete mix design and the characteristics of finished concrete. An informal dinner is scheduled for the evening of the first day. Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering school, will be the principle speaker.
Opens Here Today
Indiana canners, fieldmen, and farmers will meet on the University campus today and tomorrow for their thirteenth annual conference. . Today’s program will be devoted primarily to canners, and will concern tomato plant diseases in relation to production and transportation, and other topics concerning tomato farming. These subjects will be discussed by University specialists, members of the United States Department of Agriculture, and representatives of commerial con-
Indianapolis’ Symphony Orchestra, Fabien Sevitzky conducting, will present two performances in the Memorial Gymnasium today; the first, beginning at 8 p. m., for children of Lafayette and the surrounding communities, and the evening concert for students, townspeople, and staff members.
This evening’s concert, which will
Union Sponsors Painting Exhibit In Music Room
Dr. L. M. Sears will address a “Non-Aggression” dinner at noon today. This afternoon there will also be round table discussions concerning problems of canners and fieldmen.
Mr. Bacon Goes to Washington
Milwaukee WPA Art Exhibit Now On Display In Home Ec Building
Do you like block prints ? Are you 'a potential artist searching for ideas? Or do you just enjoy viewing exhibits of artist’s works ? - Whatever your interest in art, you will enjoy the Milwaukee WPA Art Exhibit now on display in Home Economics building No. ?.
The exhibit, which is placed in
the various rooms of the Applied Design department, consists of many different kinds of art work. All of the displayed items were
made by artists employed on the WPA project in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Included in the exhibit aie a number of prints showing characters from children’s stories. Applique work is used on many of the attractive wall hangings and draperies. “Voyage,” a wall hanging which combines applique work and block print, and “Valentine,” a block print which is especially in keeping with the present season, are two of the most attractive works in "tho exhibit.
F1 o m pig-pen-to-the-President should be the title of the latest Horatio Alger story which reached our ears. This saga begins back on the farm just a little over a year ago where “Bacon,” the hero of our little tale first saw the light of day. “Bacon” was not different than his seven brothers but from the very beginning he began to outshine them at the table and at rest. Soon he was larger than all his brothers . . . and wiser, too. Then one day last fall, “Bacon” went to Chicago to the International Livestock Exhibit. A Heavyweight At the exhibit he entered the Hampshii e heavyweight division and of couise he finally won the grand championship against overwhelming odds. This tale might have ended here had not “Bacon’s” zest for adventute prompted him to stay for the sights in Chicago. For a period of a month the saga of “Bacon the Barrow,” as he now was recognized after his accomplishments at the exhibit is lost in the maze of Chicago’s stockyards. Two weeks ago he turned up, however, at the Ag conference here on the campus. He was now on his way thiough college ... or at least through college professors. Guest of Honor The climax to this whole thrilling tale came to our notice last night when a press release from Washington revealed that “Bacon” had turned up there and would be guest of honor at a banquet which boasted such notable banquetees as Presi-
dent Franklin D. Roosevelt, Secretary of Agriculture, Henry A. Walilace, and Gov. M. Clifford Townsend and Lt. Gov. Henry F. Schricker, of the state of Indiana. But alas, all this banqueting and honors fall on unappreciative ears or perhaps ribs, for “Bacon” can be present in body only. His soul has gone to Hogtopia or wherever it is that the souls of good little hogs go. For “Bacon” was the grand champion barrow exhibited in Chicago last December by Roger Amsler, 4H club boy from Rensselaer. The dressed remains were presented to the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association by the Kroger Grocery and Baking Company and reached FDR’s table under the former’s sponsorship. *
Works of many artists are being displayed in the Music Room of the Union Building until February 26 in an art exhibit sponsored by the Student Union. The main idea back of the show is to shovr the great variety of contrast possible in the paintings of artists from different locales and of different schools of art. Informative material on the paintings and artists has been supplied for the benefit of the public by the Raymond and Raymond Company of New York, who have lent a portion of their exhibition to the University for the showing. Included in the exhibit are such well known artists as de Vinci, Breughel, Cezanne, Renoir, Van Gogh, and Picasso.
Dr. R. A. Sawyer, Physicist, To Address Chem Society
begin promptly at 8 p. m., is one of the regularly scheduled University Convocations, and will be the only appearance of the Indianapolis Ssnmphony on the University campus during the present school year. Passports and season tickets will be accepted for admission. Children’s Concert The children’s concert this afternoon is presented uhder the sponsorship of the Lafayette unit of the Women’s committee of the Indiana State Symphony 'Society. Mrs. F. D. Martin, ticket chairman for the children’s concert, stated last night that 17 hundred tickets had been sold, but that there were a few remaining seats. Following the tradition that has stamped him as an individualist among symphony conductors, that of presenting the work of at least one American composer on every program, Sevitzky has included Ernest Bloch’s “America” in the afternoon concert, and “Scherzo” by Frances G. McCollin in the Convocation performance. “Scherzo,” whose subtitle is “Heavenly Children at. Play,” was composed during the spring and summer of 1929, at the request of Fabien Sevitzky, to whom it is dedi-
cated.
Dean Potter Writes
For Eng, Magazine
Discussing the spectro-chemical analysis of iron and steel. Dr. R. A. Sawyer, professor of physics at the University of Michigan, will speak before the regular monthly meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society, Thursday evening at 7:30 in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Sawyer will use motion pictures as well as lantern slides to illustrate his lecture. The meeting is open to the general public and will be of special interest to all engineering students and staff members.
One of the Best Sevitzky took over the direction of the Indianapolis Symphony three years ago following an appearance as'guest conductor before the organization. The Symphony has since been recognized by critics as one of the country’s leading musical organisations. The Symphony broadcasts on a weekly Wednesday night coast-to-coast network through the Columbia Broadcasting system.
Book Exchange Nets
Dean A. A. Potter of the general engineeiing department and school director of the engineering experiment station, is on the board of the Industrial Power Magazine for the forthcoming issue of the periodical. The board covers subjects related to engineering. The fields written about are power and steam generation, mechanical power transmission, instrument and controls, business and economics, diesel engines, air conditioning and refrigerator management, lubrication, engineering research and allied topics.
Union Rdoms
$3,200 For Students
. . . are now available for reservation. Anyone wanting a rjiom for meetings may obtain one by either seeing Paul Cooper or leaving a note for him at the Union office before 6 p. m. Thursday, February 8. Letters should state the name of the organization, the number of persons in it, the time and day wanted, and the frequency of meetings.
Student Book Exchange officials announced yesterday at closing time that over 500 books remain to be sold, and eight hundred dollars belonging to students are still held by the Exchange. The Exchange will officially close at 5 p. m. today. $3,200 has been taken in since the start of the business activity, Vince Hruby, Book Exchange head, stated.
High School Seniors Throughout Indiana
A Million Dollars-But You Have To Work Hard To Get Any Of It Attend Vocational Guidance Conferences
By Ole Allanson Registration, the other day, left us a bit short in finances. We decided that we’d have to do something drastic if we wanted our daily coke. Having heard rumors of a certain man in the Administration building who has a million dollars to give away, we wandered over there. After sundry adventures, we found ourself on the third floor. Then it was no time at all until we were face to face with the secretary of the gentleman in question. (And a very nice face it was to be face to face with.) At Least Coke Money She ushered us in, and somewhat to our regret, left. Then we bi’oached the subject of finances. He (we later found that “he” was ,G. Stanley Meikle, research director * of The Purdue Research Foundation) wondered if we couldn’t be a bit more specific. We said that we’d conmder a thousand dollars a month just about right. Of course, if times
were a bit tough, why, we’d be perfectly satisfied with a. thousand a year. Mr. Meikle seemed somewhat surprised and even shocked. We hastily cut our bid down to just an even thousand dollars and let it go at that. Still he wasn’t satisfied. He explained that if we wanted the money, we’d have to show exceptional ability.' He said that, of course, we’d have to work for the money. We started to go. Mr. Meikle was well into an explanation of the Purdue Research Foundation by the time, we had located our hat. Then his secretary came in. We stayed. Leaders Front And Center The Research Foundation is or-
ganized to support pure sciphce research for the development or crea-
tive ability. It is a feature of the new educational system designed to develop leadership. It patents any new processes discovered and in-
terests manufacturers in these processes. After that it’s easy. There’s merely a little matter of collecting substantial royalties annually for as long as the manufacturer uses the patents. In some cases, the income from a single patent may total as high as thirty or forty thousand dollars a year. A Million Dollars An equitable portion of this income is turned over to the inventor of the process, and the remainder is turned back into the research fund. At the present time there is considerably over a million dollars of assets in the foundation in addition to large sums which have <*gone into the various departments of the University. The foundation owns 144 patents, 27 of which were secured during the past year. These patents protect a wide variety of processes and devices. A new industrial process for the nitration of hydrocarbons
was developed with the aid of the foundation. “This process is the most important development of organic chemistry of the last decade,” stated one of the foremost chemists of the country recently in discussing this process. He added, “A new and dynamic branch of industrial organic chemistry is being created.” Even Illinium At the present time, research is being carried on to develop a new type of drift indicator; a new blindflying system, using television; an investigation of nuclear forces; spectroscopy of chlorophyll; a study of illinium; the heat capacity of glasses; and a multitude of other projects. These reseai’ch grants provide for graduate research training under some of the best scientific minds on the campus for men who have too little opportunity for research in the fields for which they are prepared.
During the ciirrent school year educational conferences have been held in many parts of the state to aid high school students in selecting the field in which they intend to major. These conferences are a relatively new development in the field of vocational guidance and are expected to aid graduating seniors greatly. The problem of knowing just how to go about getting the proper kind of training for a life work has long been a puzzling one to high school students.
A New System It is expected that through the new system a decision will be more easily reached. Instead of “college days" or individual visits by representatives of colleges and universities, usually made at the request of high schools, the state supported and privately endowed schools have cooperated with high schools in planning these conferences. Most of the conferences ai'e set
up on a county-wide basis. All high schools of the county are represented as well as the high educational institutions. Seniors meet the representatives in the conference room and discuss their problems. Her© the representatives explain what their schools have to offer, and the students can determine where he would like to go. Committee Members Credit for getting the plan into operation goes to an original committee of 12 members consisting of C. E. Dammon, Purdue; Dr. Frank Elliott, Indiana; John Sembower, Indiana State Teachers; C. L. Murray, Ball State “Teachers; Dean GH. Smith, DePauw; President WC. Dennis, Earlham; Byron Trippet, Wabash College; Dr. Spencer, Franklin; Nelson Snider, South Side high school, Ft. Wayne; f%ed Totten, Bedford; Adrian Little, Huntington, and L. A. Lockwood, Rushville.THE IPUBDUE
Tuesday* February 6. 1940
vt'
Musk Committee
Symphonic f^cords Launching a musicNippreciatioh campaign for both the student body and faculty, the Student Union and the Music Section of the University Club will sponsor a concert of orchestral recordings in the Music r^m of the Memorial Union tomorrow evening at 7:30. The group of records consists of 10 complete symphonic masterpieces made by world famous orchestras, all of which waived royalties and profits , in order that the group may be offered for sale on the campus at a small cost. It is expected by leaders of the music appreciation campaign, which is nationwide, that the campaign will encourage a more widespread appreciation of symphony music. Details for distribution of the recordings at the University have not been completed, but will be announced in the Exponent in the near future, Frosh To See Movie Of Campus Friday Movies featuring important events on the campus during the past year will be shown at the Freshmen Mass Meeting sponsored by the Activities Bureau next Friday at 4.p. m. in Fowler Hall. The pictures were taken by the movie staff of the Activities Bureau together with Prof. W. A. Knapp and are being shown to acquaint freshmen with special events on the campus. In addition to the,pictures. Prof. J. E. Walters of the personnel department and Althea Jorgeson of the Activities Bureau will give the personnel and student viewpoints on activities.
J.StebbensToTalk About "Dark Galaxy
11
“The Dark Galaxy” will be the theme of the discussion to be led by Professor Joel Stebbins, director of Washburn Observatory at the University of Wisconsin, at an open meeting of Sigma Xi to be held in Stanley Coulter Hall on Tuesday, February 13, at 7:30 p. m. Professor Stebbins is recognized as one of the outstanding astronomers of this country and has been holding his present position since 1922 and has been a research associate of the Mt. Wilson Observatory of the Carnegie Institute since 1931. • Wesley Foundation To Cast P/ay Thurs. Tryouts for the Wesley Players’ play “Martyr’s Return” will be held Thursday, February 8, at 4 and 7 p. m. at the Wesley foundation house. The try-outs are being postponed from today because of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra convocation. “Martyr’s Return” is a once act drama written especially for the national society of Wesley Players. A ,):ast of eight men and eight women is needed. Everyone interested in production should, apply at the same time. Kenneth Broome will direct the play and Richard Wiltz will have charge of production.
WBAA
TUESDAY
1:00—The Dentist Says 11:15^—Sam Hamilton—-pianist 11:30—-The Home Makers 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—pianist 12:16—Social Security Talk 12:80^Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Keeping .Ahead of the
£ihsifL £ditiu By Hank MniMr
Thursday has been long considered the best night for radio entertainment in the week. It seems, however, that Tuesday is now taking that honor for itself. The list of programs aired on Tuesday evening is more impressive than for any other evening with the possible exception of Sunday. Here is the lineup:. 7:00 WGN—Ned Jordan, Secret Agent WMAQ—Johnny Presents WBBM—Big Town with Edw. G. Robinson WLS—The Aldrich Family 7:30 WMAQ—Pot O’ Gold WLS—Information Please 8:00 WENR—Cavalcade of America WBBM—We the People 8:30 WMAQ—Fibber McGee and Molly 9:00 WMAQ—Bob Hope Variety Show WBBM—Glen Miller’s Orch. 9:30 WMAQ—Uncle Walter’s Dog House 10:00 WMAQ—Fred Waring in. Pleasure Time.
“War Made Easy, or How to Savvy Europe” are two tentative titles for a brain staggering opus which Cliff (Grandpappy) Arquette, comedian of the Avalon Time show, 7:30 Wed., threatens to release shortly unless somebody shoots off a blitzkreig behind him. Details oi the Arquette method for understanding war news came out in a list of definitions authored by Slaphappy Grandpappy Cliff this week, and for whatever confusion they may add to the situation, the list is printed here: Ofllcial Spokesman: A megaphone with a very small mouthpiece. Western Front: The place where it’s all quiet on. Informed Sources: Your uncle’s manicurist. Barrage: A kind of French pastry. Plane: What your wife looks like in comparison with the girl next door. Mine: Something I’ve got that you haven’t. Fuselage: The stuff that’s on the back of a stamp. Bomber: Any spring day. Casemate: Your companion in the &llaboose. Heavy Fighting: Two opposing press agents saying “Blah” at each other. Pocket Battleship: A bottle, not of sarsaparilla. Tank: “Think” or “Thank,” as in “Ay tank so” or “Tanks, pal.” Arms: Something the Venus de Milo hasn’t got. Black Out: An outmoded vaudeville'term (by the way, what, ever happened to vaudeville?). First Senior Employment Ledure Scheduled Today Two speakers, J. E. Walters, personnel director, and Ruth Houghton, director in charge of placement for women, will address seniors at 4 p. m. this afternoon in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building. This meeting is the first in a series of senior employment lectures. • Walters will speak on “How to Choose the Right Companies and How to Develop Contacts.” In addition to the addresses, demonstrations of the proper “approach” are to be given. The remaining lectures in the series, sponsored by all schools in the University, will all be held this month. For a complete schedule see the editorial on page four of this issue.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
‘If you had manners, Selma, you’d stop interrupting me with your troubles while Tm telling you mine!’’
Notices
N* MtIcM wOl MMpto* aftar • Exponent Sports Staff: Important meeting Tuesday. February 6, at 7:30 in the Union office. All freshmen, sophomores, and juniors be there. Bring schedule cards. —JENKINS.
Silver Mask: Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. In fencing room at the fieldhouse. —WBLDY.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Permanent schedule for the second semester is as follows: Monday—Kaplan, Beard, Stallings, Weiss Tuesday^—Seiss, Funkhouser, Buckman Wednesday—Rose, Justin, McClintock Friday—Miller, Campbell Thursday—Irwin, Bailey, Couter Saturday—Stiers, Baker, Barson The schedule ior column assignments is posted in the Exponent office. (2-9) —SCHILLING.
Fraternity Presidents: Please send a replica of 3ronr badges to the Union office on or before Wednesday, February 7, for decorations for Interfraternity Ball. —VIEHE.
Purdue Engineer: All sophomore and freshman business staff workers will report to the new Engineer office in the west wing of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, February 6. —OTT,
Military Students: The following students appear before the Corps Area Honor Graduate Board at the times specified before the names on Thursday, February 8, at the Student Health Service. Contact the Adjudant’s o....ce prior to 8 a. m. Thursday for any changes. Schedules are as follows: 8 a. m. Hebbler, Keiley, Laforce; 9 a. m. Nitsche, Hurst, Colby; 11 a. m. Hobbs, V. D.: 1 p. m. Cochrun, Perrin, Butterfield; 2 p. m. Madden. , • —WISELOGEL.
Modern Dance Clubs—^Junior and Senior dance clubs meet Thursday, February 8, at 4 p; m. for an important business meeting If you have not paid your recital fee of $.60, .please bring it to the meeting. —KNIGHT.
YMCA Membership Committee: There will be a meeting today at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge. Please be prompt. —STAFF.
Radio Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the EE building. G. K. Miller will be the speaker. Everyone is welcome. —PITCHER.
Battery Athletic Officers and Referees: For Freshman Boxing Tournament • are reminded to report to Captain larr, Armory Floor, promptly, 4 p. m., Tuesday, February 6th. Formation will last about one half hour. —LARR.
Advanced CAA Flyers: Ground school Tuesday, February 6, at 7 P. m. in the ME building. —WICKERSHAM.
Ceres: Meeting for Tuesday, February 6, ' postponed until further notice. —BRUNK.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting will be held at 6 p. m., Thursday, February 8, at the Delta Tau Delta house. —CATTERALL.
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, February 8, in the room next to the new Senate office. —HARTMAN.
Tau Beta Pi: Short but important meeting will be held at 7:30 p. m„ Wednesday, February 7, in the former Agriculturist office in the Union. —CATTERALL.
WAA Class Volleyball: Practices Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, February 7, 8. 9, at 4 p. m. —MERMELSTEIN.
Agricultural Education Society: Important meeting Wednesday, February 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 363 in the Union. Dr. Z. M. Smith will speak. Officers will be elected. Refreshments will be served. Keys will be selected. —BREWER. Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —MRS. FRANK SPENCER.
Union Sophomores: The Browsing room staff will please meet in the new Union office. Those expected arc Keefer, Graf, Peterson, Kirkpatrick, Murphy, and Adkins. —HAMMAN.
Outing Club: Meeting cancelled on account of weather. (2-6) —CORDUA.
Christian Science: Short meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. It will be over in time to attend convo. —FRANTZREB.
Exponent Staff: New schedules are now posted in the office. Check them at once. If for any reason you cannot work on the nights to which they have been assigned, see me at once. Will the following please put their schedules in my box as soon as possible: Stenzil, Bach, Silva, Novey, Pickerel, and MOSS. —FRED.
Student Senate: Meeting of the project committee Tuesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in the Senate office.
Glee Club: Turn in passports to the music office immediately. (i-9) —COCHRUN. Scabbard and Blade: Official meeting Wednesday, February 7, in the Armory to select spring pledgoB. All fall pledges who have not filled out directory cards, do so before the meeting and turn the cards in to me so that your shingles may be made. —OLSON. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, February 7, in room 305 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —McCAMMON. Gimlet; Please get your passports to me before Thursday, February 8. —FRAZEE.
Peterson, Billiard Champ, Will Visit Campus For Exhibitions Next Week Stopping here on his eighth annual tour of the nation, Charles C. Peterson will give lecture-exhibi-^ tions on billiards oii February 12 and 13. 'these exhibitions will be given in the ballroom of the Union, and will start at 7:30 p. m. Besides making annual tours, Peterson has performed before the camera for “Pete Smith Specialties,” seen on the screen. A brief lecture will Open each performance, Peterson will then open the bag of tricks which won for him the title of world’s fancy shot billiard champion. His fancy; shots number more than 500, many having been added after novices and masters of the game tried to trap him with “impossible” situations. Understands Novice Petersons sympathetic understanding of the novice player has resulted in increased billiard play in colleges, clubs, community centers, and park and playground field houses throughout the country. While he delights in showing novices a quick means of mastering the game, Pete will also prove that billiards is a wholesome, competitive sport for all ages. The cue-wizard’s demonstrations have been such a powerful stimulus to the game that many groups, even faculty members, have formed clubs in colleges. Heretofore, Purdue’s interest in these exhibitions has been nearly wholly on the part of the students; this year, Mr. Peterson has extended a special invitation to the faculty members. These exhibitions will be free of charge. l-M Schedules
Tuesday, February 6 Court 1: Kurtz 7 :00-^Boilermakers vs Aggies 7:15-!-Rams vs Buckeyes 8:00-^Delta Tau Delta vs Lambda Chi (B) 8:15—Sig Phi Epsilon vs Phi Sig Kap (B) Court 2: Swing 7 :00—Panthers vs Rattlers 7 :15—Wildcats vs Bulldogs 8:00—Kappa Sig vs Phi Kap Tau (B) 8 :15—-Sigma Nu vs Alph Chi Rho (B) Court 3 :■ Kersey 7 :00—Yanks vs Tigers
aassified Mm
ros
■teadud
FOR SALE
SALB—JI>9mlton. AU
lad portaoie, aold^ 9*
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 5 p. m. in room A of the Union. Pledges and plans for the dance will be discussed. Be sure to bring passports, If unable to attend give them to Pat Heine before'the meeting. —MITCHELL.
WAA Basketball: Practice at 4 o’clock Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, February 7, 8, 9, in the Women’s Gym. All girls interested in intramural competition are eligible. Two practices are necessary for WAA points. —BRITTON.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting in room A of the Union Wednesday, February 7, at 7 p. m. —DeLaCROIX.
Catalyst Club: Pledging will be^ held at the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building, room 302, at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, February 7. The meeting will be short. Please be prompt. —OMOHUNDRO.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: Juniors wishing to compete should submit list of the squad to me before noon Tuesday, February 13. For additional information see bulletin board or me. —FAULCONER.
Eta -Kappa Nu : Debris picture is scheduled for 9:20 p. m. ’Thursday, February 8. Meet in the Union lobby. —KEEN. Glider Club: There will be a closed meeting Thursday, February 7, in room B of the Union at 7 :16 p. m. j)—MILLER.
Joneses
1:46—Market Reports
2:09—Special Program
2:30—You and Your Child
2_;46—Treasure Chest
8:00—Afternoon Music
4 ;00—Better Vision
4:16—^Exponent of the Air
■ ■V- ■ ■ '■
4:46—Story Book Hour
5-2 Decision Over
With every man on the squad winning at least once, the squash t^am wdn its first meet since the mid-yAr lay-off, downing the Notre Dame outfit easily by a 6 to 2 margin at South Bend Saturday. The Irish had seven men which wanted to compete, so two of the Boilermaker representatives, Morley a:nd Mann, were forced to play twice and each gained an even split in their two riiatches. The other members of the teamj^ Eberhard, MacMillan, and Adams won their matches to give the Gold and Black the victory. The team will play next Saturday in Chicago. In the afternoon they will face the Evanston YMCA team and in the evening will meet the University of Chicago squash club team. Weight Lifters Lose First Meet To Harbor James Hudgens’ two Indiana state records failed to give the Purdue Weightlifting Club a victory in their first meet of the year, the Harbor Lifting Club winding up on the long end of the score with a 3.6 average to 3.35 for the Purdue Club. ^ Hudgens’ records were made in the press, and the clean and jerk. Records, which were compiled according to the relative weights of the men and weights lifted, gave Hudgens .the highest mark for the Purdue Club, 610, with the following men scoring as follows: R. Britt, 550, G. R. Campbell and R. Kaszina, 545, and R. Sleeper, 510. George Parker was high for the victors, with 620 points.
7 ;15—Eagles vs Hoosiers 8:00—Sig Alph Mu vs Kap Delt Rho (B) , , 8:16—Pi Kap Alpha vs Theta Chi (B) Court 4: Rechenbach 7 :00—Delta Upsilon vs Tau Kap Ep (B) 7 :15—Phi Kappa vs Beta Sig Psi (B) 8:00—Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Gam Delta (B) 8:15—Sigma Chi vs Phi Kap Sig (B)
ARC
d Mtd portalMe, aold^ paMltMHdi, vaatraBairad. N«w patteUa madtmw •• low u 939.76. Snppilea. C. F. Bfcmlioff,
•M Mata aUreet FOB RENT
\ -
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 432 N. Grant.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
409 LITTLETON—Beautifully furnished Rooms, shower and tile bath. Reasonably priced.. 61001.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modern. Reasonable. 422 N. ^llsbury.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY /SIMM
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
LIMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
■i.)
k:Tuesday, February 6, 1940
^xpDVUUfdL SpehiA.
Varsity Swimmersy EkeOut32-31Win Over Battling Fresh Only a clean sweep in the 220 yard free style event delivered the varsity tankmen out of defeat Friday afternoon in a meet against the dangerous frosh team. One point was the margin of victory for the upperclassmen as they won, 32-31. During the heat of the contest a new varsity record was established in the 220 yard free style race, and a frosh mark was eclipsed in the 100 yard back stroke event. Joe Williamson, freshman breast stroker who missed the national 300 ^yard mark by two seconds recently, garnered firsts in the 100 and 200 yard breast s'troke events to become the only double-winner. Dick Kratzer, sophomore free styler, captured the fast 60 yard free style race and shared first position with Jack Carney in the 100 yard free style. The two new records are credited to Capt. Chuck Siler, distance free stiler, and Jim Shaw in the back stroke.
A resume of the events is as follows; 100 yard back stroke: Shaw, 1st; Anderson, 2nd?, and Kusko, 3rdL (A new freshman record.) 100 yard breast stroke: Williamson, 1st; Tingley, 2nd; and McCammon, 3rd. 60 yard free style: Kratzer, 1st; Carney, 2nd; and Branner, 3rd. 220 yard free style; Siler, 1st; Graliam, 2nd; and Kratzner, 3rd. Time: 2:29.9. (New varsity record). 160 yard back stiroke: Shaw, 1st; Ander^n, 2nd; and Kusko, 3rd. 200 yard breast stroke. Williamson, 1st; McCammon, 2nd; and Tingley, 3rd. 100 yard free style: Kratzer and Carnty tied for 1st; Herr, 3rd. Harry Mason ... of the Education and Psychology department has accepted a position as Assistant Social Science Analyst for the United State Depart-, ment of Agriculture at Washington, D. C. Mason has served for the past year and a half as a Purdue Research Foundation Fellow in the Division of Education and Applied Psychology.
SARAZEN
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Prefeteionel
• School Suppliec
Risk Dentil Clinic DR. FAin. A RISK . OR. LUTHCR A RISK * OR. Wold i. risk 4tti & Main Phono S70I d
"DEAC" Everything for a Collegd Education
• Tailor
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V4Vlno W. Ufayette Phone 4965
SPARRENDAHL Merchknt Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry St».
DR. C.E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST m 522 Main St. Phone 4Tdl ! LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—^Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED 0 DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5e PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Maiii^’k /
• Ploriits Dorner'i Flower S^op QvRlity FIortrir Main at 7th Phono 6050
Boilermakers Prepare To Defend Big Ten Lead Against Indiana Saturday Displaying the daring, aggressiveness, and finesse of a white covered Finnish ski patfCl attempting a blitzkrieg deep in Russian territory, the Boilermaker hardwood forces raced through practice yesterday afternoon in preparation for the crucial Big Ten battle with the favored Hoosiers at Bloomington Saturday night. The do-or-die attitude of the coaches and players, exhibited in the Riveter basketball encampment only twice each season, on the eves of the Indiana battles, was in evidence during the scrimmage session as Coach Piggy Lambert carefully Roomed his charges for the defense of their undisputed leadership of the Western Conference race.
Riveter Cinder Team Will Clash With Butler Tonight Twenty-three strong, the Boilermaker track team travels to Indianapolis today with visions of a speedy Bulldog cinder squad, one which showed streaks of power in last year’s meeting of the same two teams. Tonight at 7:30 in the Butler Fieldhouse the two teams meet again with the Riveters hopeful of successfully negotiating the first hu|*dle of the current indoor track campaign.
Adding greatly to the optimism of the Boilermaker basketeers was the return to action of Captain Fred Beretta after a few days' layoff caused by a slight leg injury. Fred ran through yesterday's drill with tfle old pep that has characterized his play for the past three years, although he was still somewhat handicapped by a huge pad over the injured limb. Bill Neutzel, who has been on the injured list for some time, has returned to practice and is expected to be back in top form by the end of the week. Squad In Good Shape None the worse for the long rest incurred by finals and mid-semester vacation, the squad ran through the practice session with the uncanny speed and endurance which has enabled them to chalk up four straight wins over the cream of Big Ten competition. The early part of the session was spent in patient w^ork on fundamentals and set plays, with Coach Lambert keeping a critical watch over the strenuous activity. The remainder of the practice was relegated to a prolonged scrimmage period, with-the Boilermaker offense turned on full force against a stubborn reserve defense. With Captain Beretta, Yeager, Tierney, and Caress alternating at the guard posts acting as the mainspring on defense and setting up the offensive
play, the play raged fiercely for forty-minutes. Dan Fisher was controlling the rebounds with the tenacity of an electromagnet, while sophomore forward Don Blanken dropped in a maize of unorthodox shots for two pointers. Igney, Sprowl Hitting Working with Blanken at the forward posts were sharpshooter Bob Igney, swishing them through the net from difficult angles and Frosty Sprowl, bombarding the bankboard with accurate arch shots. • With all injured members back in top shape and with all of the squad safely past the threat of ineligibility, the Boilermaker basketball brigade is at full steam in anticipation of renewing the 1940 Big Ten battle against the downstate rivals. ,
Dr. Z. M. Smith . . . will speak on the outlook of agricultural education at a meeting of the Agricultural Education Society tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in Room 363 of the Union Building. Dr. Smith is State 4-H Club leader. Keys will be selected and refreshments will be served. All members are urged to attend this meeting.
In last year's dual meet, for which the Boilermakers were hosts, the home team raced through to a 67-37 win over the Bulldogs; however, Billy Southworth, stellar Bulldog distance runner, stole individual honors with decisive firsts in the mile and two-mile events. Marshall Good, Too Co-headache to the Riveter squad in last year's meet, Butler's Charles Marshall pushed Riveter Steve Gutting to a performance which tied the world's indoor record for the 60 yard high hurdles! Gutting outstepped the Bulldog by one yard in stopping the clock at 7.4 seconds. The Bulldog ace then struck back at Gutting in the 60 yard low hurdles event, winning by several yards. With these two veterans, now both in their senior year, running at a dizzy pace in their favorite events. Coach Phillips' cinder men will discover that teams can be tough without belonging to the (Big Ten. As a counter-attack in the mile run. Coach Phillips will use Ed Holderman, most promising Rivetermiler, who consistently turned in miles under 4:20 last year. Pitted against Marshall^ who is a triple-threat man — high and low hurdles, high jump, and sometimes broad jump, will be Ted Tycocki, versatile junior, and sophomore Bob Kersey in the hurdles; Suto and Denzler in the high jump. Other Butler cinder stars oJ^ note include Garwood, a sprinter, and Stewart, quarter-miler.
Why Auction?
Just Advertise in the Purdue Exponent
Second Meet Satorday The second meet of the week for the Boilermakers is scheduled as a triangular affair at Madison, Wisconsin, against the host Badgers and Chicago. This will be the first entanglement of the season for the Riveters against Big Ten foes. The meet will be run off Saturday. The following is the list of track men who will participate in the meet at the capitol city tonight: Weber, Vollmer, Jarvis, Holderman, K<;im, A. Gaulke, Kersey, Tycocki, SI ackleton, Simmons, Anthony, Duty, Kron, W. Gaulke, Smith, Edwards, Denzler, Suto, Anderson, Reeves, MacWhite, Jim White, and Lovett.
Tieti/A.
Tryouts for class co-ed rif^e^y teams will be held on Wednesday, February 7, and Thursday, February 8 from' 7 to 8:30 o'clock. All girls who have had five intramural practices are eligible to come to one of these two tryouts. Twenty co-eds will be selected from tWs group for further practice, an'd they must attend at least one practice on Monday, February 12, and on Tuesday, February 13. A group of 15 girls will finally be chosen for the riflery teams. —^waa— Everyone interested in participating in class volleyball is invited to attend practices which will be held tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday at 4 p. m. in the Memorial gymnasium. At least two practices are re-, quired for participation in the class> tournaments. After the teams have been chosen, each class team of ten girls will play in competition against the other classes for possession of the class cup. The cup will be presented to the winning team at the Winter Sport Banquet on March 21, in the Home Economics Building. —waa— Intramural basketball practices will be held at 5 p. m. tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday. Sorority girls may receive points for their letter for WAA. A cup is also given to the winning sorority. —^waa— Friday at 4 p. m. all co-eds are invited to come to a fencing practice. This practice is called for all girls who are interested in improving their fencing ability. —^waa— Jane Fishleigh, treasurer of WAA, and Eileen Westover, will represent the University WAA at the Sectional Meeting of the Am^ican Federation of College Women at Illinois Normal College on April 11, 12 and 13.
Duke University SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three mid one-quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three 3rears of coUege work, induding the subjects specified for CUss A medical sdMc^ (^talogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admiasion Committee.
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION You will b« pleasod with our mofhod of instruction and loasonablo ralos NEW BALLROOM CLASS FOR BEGINNERS O^IN , We4. Feb: 28« 7:30 p. Indiana's Latfott OanoinG Sshnol ENROU NOW-^ONi 2tS0 AULEPTSmi Mii ibaqr.j- ’V; V
THE PUBD13E EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 6, 1940
But
Incidentally
By Romanoff
Saturday afternoon being almost as dull as Sunday afternoon we picked up a little man with a long face in the Union and whipped over to the attic of the ME building to see the much-gabbed-about-but-never-seen model railroad
After climbing the necessary four flights of stairs we were in a mood to appreciate anything. Once our eyes had become adjusted to the maze of track looping around the steam pipes we noticed a little man over in one corner fondling a replica of a Pullman passenger coach ... no engine . . . just a passei>ger coach. Another model-crazed' enthusiast was on his back, under the control board on the verge of hanging himself in the maze of cotton-covered Avire leading to and fiom this nerve center of the exhibit.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Ailtonini G. Schilling R. Jenkins
Editor^in-Chief Business Manager Editorial Manager Mahaging Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Phones: Editorial 4006; Business 6038 : Sports 2792
All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered aa second class matter at the post offioa in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CongrcM of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate <d postave prorldad for In section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriaed Jamaiy tO, 1922. Published daily except Mon^y daring the regular academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for tS.QO per year, mail suhscription 88.80. Represented for national advertising by National Edvertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Tuesday, February 6, 1940. Day Editor, Simpson Asst. Night Editor, RulTner Night Editor, Willsey
Jjumhf. JidL
A new line with overhead trolley was in the making and everyone was doing his part in the construction . . . except the little man with the Pullman car vfho just sat. Between each spike that was driven m the new road, the men would stop and look fondly at the assembled freight tram standing temptingly on a siding. ^hey stood it’as long as they could. Then at the signal from the piesident every man hopped to his post just to “give ’er a trial run,” ... all except the little man with the Pullman car who just sat. Once the model had pulled out on the main line there wasn’t a moment’s peace.
The most interesting^faing to observe in the whole three-ring circus was the vivid contrast between the two operators. The guy on the north control board was a blue-nosed conservative of the first water ... . left all his switches closed until the model almost came to a stop . . . then he would open them one at a time cautiously and close them immediately after the tram was off that particular section of track. . . . We had a notion to ask him if he thought the electricity was leaking off of the rails when he left the circuit closed.
Not so with the opeiator of the south control board. He was a kill-joy of the new school. His eyes gleamed when one of the brothers dug out another engine from the files and put it into operation also. Now he had two trains to handle at the same time. . . . Maybe we could have a collision or something.
We couldn’t refi am from projecting this scene into the future when the two men on the controls would be operating control towers on the New York Central or holding down dispatchers’ jobs on a real roalroad. We could see the passengers in the trains controlled by the blue-nose beating their heads on the windows demanding to know why they were fiv^ hours late .... And over on the next road, the one operated by our naturally wreckless friend, the cutomers were clutching their seats m fright. . . . ^ ^ t
There’s nothing like extra-curricular activities we always say, even if you don’t get home for supper.
Hopes of Employment . . . after graduation in June are paramount in the minds of seniors who do not already have a job lined up. After talking with Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel, we could fill the editorial page with second-hand advice on “How To Secure A Position After Graduation.” Rather, for authentic first-hand information we will refer the job-seeking senior to the series of employment lectures sponsored by the Placement Committee, which start today. “How to Choose The Right Companies and How to Develop Contacts” will be discussed this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building by Dr. Walters, Miss Ruth Houghton, in charge of placement for women, and members of the committee. On each of the following Tuesdays this month another lecture will be given at the same time and place. On February 13, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management, will discuss “What An Employer Looks for in the College Graduate.” On February 20, W. R. Allen, director of personnel for L. S. Ayres and Company, Indianapolis, will tell “How to Write Letters of Application.” The series will close on February 27, when Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the speech division, and R. M. Horn of the speech division will describe “Ways of Interviewing An Employer.” These lectures have been spQnsored by the Placement Committee for several years, and seniors in other years have been sincere in their approval of them. Whether they already have a job waiting after graduation or not, most seniors will do well to make the Electrical Engineering building their meeting place at 4 o’clock on Tuesday afternoons this month.
Women's Club Holds Formal In Ballroom
The Purdue Women’s club entextained at a foimal dinner dance in the ballrooms of the Union building last night. The dance, which is an annual affair, was the fiist to be given m the new ballioom by the club. The decoi'ations were in a red, white, and blue patriotic motif. Paul Reedy’s orchestra furnished the music. Besides the dancing in the ballloom, cards and refieshments were enjoyed in the Peasant Room. Mrs. Heaston was chairman of the committee in charge of the dance.
The Tops in Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Learn a Lesson in Sex Appeal
from Crown’s Distinctive Service
Many a heart has been won by a thrilling Personal Appearance. For, remember when the opposite sex looks at you, they never forget the attractiveness of your Clothes.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
Crown Laundry
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
...
Don’t Forget Those Mars Passes!
If you bother to glance at this forgotten column over your toast and coffee this morning, you will discover that we have made our first mistake of the year . . . Ah, yes! Treva Berry seemed to resent being called “No Pin Berry,” so just to make a liar out of us she up and took a pin. —B & B-^ . . . guess “Joky” Clark, Sigma Nu, wasn’t just joking aiound when he started taking up Tieva’s time. The usual wagers concerning the possible duration of this romance are already being offered. We are betting that June willjdnd Joky and T-Berry just good fi lends.
. . . and for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. The reaction this time was the return of of Kappa Sig pin to Paul Cooper by none other than our Theta engineer, Louise Schickler . . . and this couple seemed to have such great possibilities. —B & B— Again we see a ray of sunshine thru the clouds. (Or maybe it is just lightning striking in the same spot again) . . . anyway the old affair of Bob Zieg and Ginny Phelps seems to be finding a new momentum. Guess neither one could do so well without the other ? . . . remember it is just a guess. —B & B— Tradition . . . has been attacked by our Western representation on the faculty. Imagine the lack of understanding that must have accompanied the remark by Miss Davis of the Speech Dept, when she notified Seniors that
they couldn’t wear their “NASTY OLD CORDS” to her class . . . and Carl Yerplank (he’s back in school) is so proud of his “beautiful” gold (?) cords. —B & B— One of our B.M.O.C.’si just dropped into the office and wants to ' know exactly what is meant by a “Good Boy” ... we hear it used so often that it is beginning to worry us also. In an effort to remove the doubt from oUr friend’s mind we are offering a DOUBLE MARS PASS^for the best 26 word CONTRIB explaining the meaning of said expression. —B & B— We have finally discovered the purpose of these WRBi teas. It gives the girls an opportunity to hook some Sunday night dates. Anyway A1 Williamson, Debris Junior, was all smiles on his homeward trek from the WRH
‘l^e
eom
CombMion
^ g e m g • g
offfy kina
can look the whole world over and you won’t find another cigarette with Chesterfield’s right combination of the best American and Turkish tobaccos. In Chesterfield you find just what every smoker looks for...COOL SMOKING, definite mildness, and the one thing that really satisfies..'.downright GOOD TASTE.
-TASK FOR
Copyright 1940, Ijggett & Mybks Tobacco Co.
esterfield
the cooler^ better-fasting, DEF/NITELY MfLDER cigarette
4-1
>• (
A
ll»iiiii«fiiiriliiiii*ritriir[iiiiiiiii'-iiiTnrii iirin i