.4^
ri- *4i'at '^’’ ^ ^ J‘''^* '^’' ' l/ " .\-'"’<y -^ ‘■''*< ’ V •' ', »^ ^ “ “ ^/ f »* ^ ,. * < :\t ^'-^y «;f;f5t;
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today r rising temperature in west and south portions.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY
Decemljer B, 1930 Lafcrjr^tie*^ Incfikma
VoL 50
N0.9VL
n\
,T-
Ho Reserved Seats
At Hon-Conference
Union Variety Hour Will Feature Debris
She Sing'S
Basketball Games
Beauty Selections
Students will be admitted to ' the six scheduled home nonconference basketball games upon presentation of their /y passports, with no advance reservations, pointed out Ticket Manager C. S. Doan last I night. Students will be admitted on a “first come-first served” basis, with no reserved ^ seats in the student section. For Big Ten games? howr ever, all seats will be reserved. Students must turn in proper coupons at the Fieldhouse ticket office before deadline as printed on the Coupon, in order to be certain of a seat.
Looking Ahead
Proper coupon must be turned in ^ at the ticket office on or before Wednesday, December 21, for the Big Ten home opener With Northwestern on January 7. For the Wisconsin and Illinois games early in the second semester, coupons must be turned in by January 21; for the Michigan and Indiana games, by February 18, and for the Chicago
game, by February 28.
Northwestern game reserved seat ticketa may be picked up at the office following Christmas vacation. Passports validated for the second semester must be presented at the time other seats are called for.
Bathed in a flood of blue and white light, Purdue’s shapeliest beauties will appear Saturday night in the Union ballroom to vie for the four 1939 Debris’ beauty selections.
The contest will be given a stylish touch by a U-shaped runway extending out from the stage, over which approximately 40 contestants will promenade. It will be worked in as a feature of the regular Union Variety Hour.
The theme of this year’s show will be color, passage of time, and the comparison of the beauties of today with those of yesteryear.
/V
Professor Doan stated last night j[ that students will be seated around the basketball floor in bleachers at both conference and non-conference games. Seats will be reseived only at Conference games.
The ballroom stage will be so arranged that soft blue lights Vill fall on the contestants as they enter. Blue and white spotlights will follow them around the walk The vocalist will be at the rear center of the stage. As yet the judging committee has not-been selected. The Debris has artnounced that it will hold a picture-guessing contest, in which the posterior views of certain female personalities will be run in the Exponent. The beauty contest will be an excellent opportunity for University students to catalogue in their minds the various shapes of the outstanding campus beauties. Prizes will be given to the best guessers. “Bottle” Edwards, business manager of the Debris, believes that “This year’s beauty contest will be the best ever held and will convince Purdue students that the campus is full of beautiful women in respect to face, figure, afid personality.”
DARLENE MAHNS Vocalist with Irvan Maury
PI A Plans Christmas Dance December 16
On Friday evening, December 16, the Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual Christmas semiformal. Dancing will be from 9 until 12 o’clock in the Union ballroom with Irvan Maury’s campus band performing.
•' Since the dance comes during the Midwest Independent Convention here, delegates from many Big Ten schools are expected to attend.
Bob Fowler, PIA social chairman, announced last night a surprise event to come during the evening. He refuses to divulge the nature of this surprise, although he does hint that it will be rather unique,
T, IE Students Plan
PIA members and their dates will be admitted upon presentation of a membership card and passport. The dance is open to any non-mem-ber for one dollar.
Frosh Sit Where?
Seating will be preferential by v classes. Following the deadline best seats will be given to seniors, followed by juniors, sophomores and then freshmen. In case more than > one class is represented by a group of coupons turned in for reserved seats, they will be assigned seats with the lowest class. y Doan emphasized the fact that passports are not transferable and may be used only by the student ^ to whom originally issued. The 1938-39 basketball schedule for home games is as follows:
Stag Dinner, Speech
Students in the school of trade and industrial education will hold a stag dinner party Thursday night in the Union rfeception room at 6:16. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will be the principal speak-
Elliott To Serve On National Committee
Keith W. Murray, former radio singer, now enrolled in T & IE, will sing for the group. Dr. J. Tiffin will entertain with banjo and guitar numbers and will accompany the group singing.
Dr E. C. Elliott, president of Purdue University, has been named a member of the educational committee of the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis by Keith Morgan, the organization’s head.
Conference January 7 Northwestern February 6 . - Wisconsin February 11 . .. . Illinois . February 25 .. Michigan ' February 27 . Indiana March 6 . . Chicago
Heavy Winds Cause Show Postponement
This national body is the outgrowth of a fight started some several years ago by President Roosevelt in his efforts to overcome infantile paralysis, and more recently by the observance of the President’s birthday on January 30.
N on-Conf erence
r
December 12 December 14 December 17 December 19 December 22
Monmouth Detroit DePaul Connecticut State . South. California
Flying contest officials have announced that the flying show and contest has been postponed until next Sunday, December 11, at 1 o’clock.
Dr. Elliott’s appointment notice was received by him in Manila, at which place he is on a four month’s leave of absence from his duties here to serve as advisor to the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines at Manila.
January 3 Illinois State Teach.
Heavy winds last Sunday caused the postponement of the show, that will feature landing contests, bomb dropping competition, and gliding technique.
Elliott expects his work in Manila to be completed by January, 1939.
Honorary To Sponsor
Scribe Reviews Potential Possibilities Benefit Bridge Party
^ Of Union As Social Training Ground
By Rollo
Instead of agitating for broader fields of education to round themselves into potential socialites, students should take advantage of the Union’s 6-hour-a-week relaxing social progi’am every Saturday afternoon. Consider a Saturday afternoon program such as this: Dinner is over around 12:30 so about 1 o’clock you slowly amble over to the Union sweet shop. That foundation of all social and political life for five cents will give the entire group a half hour or more time to discuss Prom and Gala Week committees. Cards, Chess Getting tired of the physical inactivity of the sweet shop about 1:30 or 2 p. m., the group splits np into smaller parts to take up the more strenuous activities of card playing and chess, which costs nothing, or a game of billiards, pool or bowling for a dime or so. Variety hour on Saturday afternoon in rooms i and 2 of the Union
will furnish the best of entertainment from 3 to 4 p. m. For an hour we can hear Bud Bryant and the boys, in their shirt sleeves, mixing fun with music, Jo Friend helping with her singing, and Hank Miller, will act as master of ceremonies.
Benny Burns might struggle to get over a few songs, trying hard not to laugh or forget them. Bob Smith and Russ Mock might furnish singing and piano playing. Men and women about the campus are interviewed every week.
Music Room The music room must not be overlooked in an afternoon of complete relaxation and entertainment. What is better than the rendition of the classics on first class records and in a quiet accoustically treated room ?
Tau Kappa...
Popular Saturday afternoon tea dances are becoming an almost regular feature, with both the PIA and the Union sponsoring them*
Soph Engineers Enter Class Finals
In Hanley Contest
Speech-minded engineering sophomores will go into their class finals in the Hanley
Speech Contest this aftemoqp at 4 o’clock in room 301 of Uni-
versity H^ll. Two sophomore winners will ^be picked this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon to later face two speakers from each of the other classes in April’s all-class final. Twelve sophomores have entered the contest to date. Other engineering sophomores may enter by seeing R. M. Horn of the speech department or by calling Bob Carr at 5021. Speakers must present a fiveminute talk on some subject with an economic phase. Finalists in the sophomore division will speak at 7:30 tomon-ow night. First of the two winners will receive an engineering handbook, donated by Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter. Judges in class divisions are members of the speech department. Members of the engineering faculty will aid in judging the finalists in April. Gorden Belles and I. Smulevitz, first engineering winners in the Beveridge speech contest for freshmen held on October 20, will represent their class in the Hanley finals. Belles won the Beveridge contest, and Smulevitz was first engineering runner-up.
'Dracula' Acclaimed
As Outstanding Play
By Previewers
By R. H. Taylor
Tickets for the Alpha Lambda Delta bridge party to be held in the Union faculty lounge at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon, December 10, went on sale yesterday. The bridge party is being sponsored in order to raise funds for a sophomore scholarship, which the freshman co-ed honorary hopes to establish this year* “Prizes will be awarded to high scorer at each table, and refreshments will be served,” announced Joan McLean, chairman of all arrangements
Co-eds and faculty members who wish to attend the bridge benefit may purchase their tickets for 26 cents at any sorority house, from Joyce Burnahm, or Joan McLean.
Acacia Invites DeMolays
. i i Epsilon, social fraternity announces the initiation of the following: E. E. Daggy, Indianapolis; F. C. Deal, Indianapolis; R. L. Riester, Gary; and A. T. Witham, Indianapolis.
Cary Hall Grill Extends Visiting Hours For Co-eds
Full House Hean Caivefli Welb At
Cary Club’s grill in Northwest Hall has extended visiting hours for co-eds to 11 o’clock on week nights and midnight on Friday and Saturday. This announcement was made last night by Hal Lownie, acting for the Cary Club joint council. Change was made for the convenience of club members, although it was pointed out that co-eds may visit the grill at any time. Only restriction is that co-eds must use the public entrance to the grill located at the east end of Northwest Hall.
University Convo
Noted Explorer Shatters Popular jungle Beliefs
A capacity crowd jammed the Memorial Gymnasium to hear Carveth Wells, British explorer, describe his travels to the “Mountains of the Moon.”
Cary Club officials invite all students to take advantage of the change, especially following basketball games. Co-eds need not be accompanied by men to gain admission to the grill.
State Assodafion
Honors Dr. Miller
Dr. S. J. Miller, Director of the University’s Health Service, attended the Indiana Student Health Association’s annual meeting held at Butler University Saturday, and returned to the campus with the position of president of that Association. Miller will serve in that capacity for the coming year, and will handle arrangements lor next year’s annual meeting, scheduled to be held on this campus next December. At Saturday’s meeting in Indianapolis Dr. Miller addressed the group discussing a paper on “Health for Today” written by Dr, W. W. Bauer, director of the bureau of health in education of the American Medical Association.
Using a running narrative which accompanied his moving and still pictures of the journey, Wells kept the audience intent on the subject. Several interesting and commonly believed facts were disproved by the explorer. The most firmly established belief which Wells disproved concerned the dedsity of the jungles of central Africa. Instead of densely wooded regions choked with vegetation, tl^ motSpn and still shots of the region showed land wiHi no more vegetation than a city park. Wells also made light of the Supposed ferocity of the jungle animals. Pictures of lions, giraffes, and various other kinds of beasts which are so commonly believed to be vicious, showed that thq animals were perfectly content +0 let the travelers alone, but wanted the same kind of privacy for themselves. Immediately following the talk, a reception was held in the main lounge of the Unmn, with Wells as guest of honor.
Browsing Room Has Wells'^ Latest Autographed Book
By Paui Hamman
“Dracula,” second of the 1938 Playshop presentations, has received more than its share of acclaim even before^the opening. “I didn't know they gave such good plays here,” said one high school debater as he left Fowler Hall with two friends. An expression which would cover the content of all comments was, “I thought it was really swell.” Don’t take the opinion of the high school boys as to whether or not the play is really tops. A certain dean from the University who saw the presentation given for the debaters liked the play so much he decided to see the movie version which was playing at one of the local theatres. He reported that the movie was most disappointing, after seeing the playshop drama. Four Day Run Opening at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, the play will run for four days. At 7:30 on Thursday the second presentation will be given, while on Friday and Saturday nights, the curtain will rise at 8 p. m. Tickets are being reserved from 3 to 5 p. m. in the office at Fowler Hall. Those who have season tickets should reserve seats as soon as possible to assure themselves of a good seat. Very few ducats will be on sale the night of the play, as the reserved tickets have taken practically all of the seats. Those few box office seats which will be sold are available at 76 cents each. Under the direction of J. E. Dietrich and K. H. Carmichael, “Dracula” is expected to overshadow the best presentation of the 1937 Playshop group which was “Hell Bent Fer Heaven.” Campus^ critics who saw both plays are loud in their praise of “Dracula,” and proclaim it as being far superior to any of the other plays.
Radio Club To Sponsor
Spare Parts Exchange
An opportunity for all University students who have spare radio parts to sell, and those who wish to secure parts will be Offered at the Radio Club Exchange Tuesday, December 13, at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Jack Kittner, the club president, has announced that the entire meeting will be devoted to swapping, selling, and buying of parts. As an added attraction the Radio Club’s old receiver, a Comet Pro, which has been fecortditioned, will be auctioned off during the evening.
Browsing Room fans shoifid be glad to learn that “Six Years in the Malay Jungle,” bearing Carveth Wells’ signature, is now in the Browsing Room. It has been twenty years since Carveth Wells left the Malay jungle and came to America. Mr. Wells says, “At that time I had no more idea of writing a book than Lhad of lecturing,” but since then, he has written ten books and has become a famous lecturer. Mr. Wells wrote his experience as a railroad engineer in the Malay jungle into a very interesting book which he calls “Six Years in the Malay Jungle.” Pocketed Deer
Career Director
To Address Co-eds
Julia Cobum, executive director of the Tobe-Coburn School of Fashion Careers, will talk on business caieers for women in the faculty lounge of the Union, Friday, December 9, at 4 o’clock.
Mr. Wells seems to take delight in so telling the truth that, like Hamlet, the reader will “doubt truth to be a Ijac,” In this story he tells of shooting a deer, which he put in pocket and ate for supper. This immediately raised a storm of protest, yet Mr. F. A. Lucas, of the American Museum of Natural History, said, “Mr. Wells might have eaten two or three of these same little Chevrotains and still have gone to bed hungry.” The author starts his story by telling how he determined one day to quit his job of Assistant Profes(Continued on page ?)
Workers Have Started To Fill Great Hole
In Front Of Union With Ten Bowling Allevi
By Hank Wist
The Great Hole in our Union lawn is finally being filled up again— with nothing but bowling alleys this time—so the boss on the job, comfortably sheltered in the shack beside the main entrance walk, told us yesterday afternoon as he abandoned his blueprints for the moment.
All University students who are or have been members of Demolay social lodge are invited to attend a smoker at the Acacia fraternity Wednesday, December 7, from 7 to 9 p. m. The smoker is designed to make a better acquaintance among DeMolay members who are in school and to acquaint them with the Acacia fraternity, which is of Masonic origin.
Ten bowling alleys, running due north and south, and hence placed back to back with the present five, will constitute the entire addition. Completely encircling the structure, between the concrete retaining wall now going up and the bowling room wall itself, will be a five foot coi'ridor for the use of the pin boys.
Roof: Three Feet Under Resting on the two multiple-arch-ed supporting walls going up between alleys 4-5 and 6-7, the roof will finally be covered with eal'th
to a depth of three feet. When the walks, turf and shrubbery are eventually I'eplaced nothing save the new outside entrance (in red brick and limestone to match the present structure, and built some 80 feet east of the main entrance) will remain in sight. An entrance from the bilUard room to the new alleys is called for in the plans, in addition to the one connecting with the present bowling room. Seating facilities for spectators along the rear of the alleys, on the present elevated plan, will be provided as will an adjoining lounge and rest rooms. In a few months, with 15 of the finest alleys in existence at their disposal, Purdue bowling enthusiasts will no longer have to turn dejectedly away from a jammed subbasement to drown it all at the sweet shop.£dijtffdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J’ScduMA,
Tuesday. Dedember 6. 1938 ^
Saturday We Promised mmm ... a possible solution to the problems that face the Fraternity President’s Council. In keeping that promise we are suggesting a plan for a Council organization especially designed to meet these problems. This plan is merely a proposal—^we cannot guarantee that it is the best possible plan, but we do say it is the best we know of at present. If in the future better plans are proposed if we form alternate proposals, they will also be publicized. To present this plan we will have to go back into campus history a bit. Five years ago the Council was called the Pan-Hellenic Council. Instead of being composed of fraterntiy presidents, it included one junior and one senior representative from each house. These representatives began their career in May of their sophomore year and continued their Council work until graduation. Five years ago also, there was an executive oommittee of the council composed of five seniors whose v^ork it was to “deliberate upon such questions as it deemed of importance" to the Council, and submit them to the Council for action” ... and also to “assist the president in the administration of his duties.” Now Fraternity Presidents... . . . form the Council and the executive committee has been abolished. (Nearest thing to it now is the Discipline and Welfare Committee.) We believe the executive committee should have been of invaluable use to the Council, and consequently our idea would be to replace it in a slightly different way. Our plan includes two preliminary suggestions. First, we believe that the Presidents’ Council and the Chapter Advisers’ Council should avoid duplicating work and should compare notes more often. To do that it might be practical for a chapter adviser representative to present resume reports of Advisers’ Council meetings at each of the student group meetings. This adviser could also sit in at student sessions as a source of re- • liable information. Second, we suggest that the Presidents’ Council meet twice a month instead of once. That should be no hardship to the individuals concerned and will undoubtedly give time for more discussion of problems. Our Organization Plan ... ... is designed to provide a system of merit elections and to again form an executive committee. To eliminate politics from the election of the Council president and to insure that that person in the future will have the proper qualities of leadership and initiative merit elections are necessary. The executive committee is needed to provide a compact and workable group for “predigestion” of the Councils’ problems. Our proposals follow in the form of an outline plan. President’s Council Group 1. Each recognized social fraternity shall be represented in the Coi^cil by its president. 2. This group, supplemented by an Executive Committee which will be provided for hereinafter, will constitute the voting body of the Council. II. Executive Committee 1. An executive committee of seven members shall be elected to deliberate on problems and assist the president. 2. At least four members of this committee shall be elected from the staff of junior members which shall be provided for hereinafter. The Council president shall be a member of this Committee. III. Junior Members 1. A staff of junior members will be enlisted to carry on work of the Council and to work toward the Presidency. 2. These juniors may enroll at the end of their sophomore or the beginning of their junior year. 3. Junior members will attend Council meetings but will have no voting power. T^ey may be allowed to enter discussions at the discretion of the Chair. 4. Junior members shall be made working members of the Council’s committee (other than executive committee). They will do stenographic, record keeping.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CongresB of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Harbin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager . _ .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager.. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L.' McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. RKPRBSKNTKD POR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO MY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ Boston ' Los Angeles - sah rnANcisco
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Wist Tuesday, December 6, 1938
Browsing Room
By Roma Heidkamp
Around the hauntingly beautiful surroundings of Manderly, a great English estate, Daphne du Maurier weaves a poignant tale of life in “Rebecca,” a story of suspense and impending disaster. Through her
searching analysis and perfect understanding of the inner workings of human minds, she has the power to make the reader actually live and feel the forces and emotions controlling the lives of her superbly drawn characters. To reveal much of the plot of this moving novel would be an injustice to the reader, the suspense and urgency of the book being two of its most powerful allies.
and other work for the Council as a whole, upon assignment. IV. Elections 1. The Council president shall be elected either from the group of junior members or from the group of incoming fraternity presidents in the spring. 2. For the purposes of elections each member of the executive committee shall have three votes; each fraternity president, one. (Executive committee members shall have only one vote in all other cases). 3. Elections shall be conducted according to a merit system whereby credit is given candidates for work previously done in fraternity affairs. Work Of The Executive Committee... . . . would chiefly consist of “predigesting” Council problems. By that we mean that the seven members would search out worthy problems, discuss them thoroughly, gather all available facts with the aid of work by the junior members, work out possible solutions ... and then present their findings to the entire voting council for legislative action. Members of the executive committee would not be official representatives of their fraternities. If an executive committee member happened to also be president of his chapter, that chapter should appoint another to be its official representative. The executive committee would be an allimportant cog in the Council machinery. It would undertake contact work with the University and outsiders, and would handle administration of the Council. That committee should meet at least once a week—and membership on it should carry prestige equal to other senior positions on the campus. Men undertaking the responsibilities of the executive committee membership should consider that their major extracurricular activity—and it should consume most of their extracurricular time. This Plan.., ... is designed for a Council that can and will do big things. Its personnel should include fraternity men of exceptionally high calibre. We believe, however, that there are things to be done that will tax the abilities of even such an organization as this. However, if fraternity men feel they do not wish to tackle the important problems—ones which will affect the future of fraternities— this proposed organization is admittedly unnecessary and the present organization could be dubbed “good enough for now.”
Lo and behold, guys and gals! A change in the administration of this dear old column has come abopt A certain old and decrepit, friendless man is now out of a job and is residing at 690 Waldron hoping that he has a friend. We mean no other than the honorable FRANK C. LEWIS, ex-editor of the snoop column. Bold and Black. He needs his friends so badly that he can taste it. Why not go over and see. I am sure he would really appreciate it. The situation is certainly bad All-American JOE (Pretty Boy) MIHAL cannot get a date. The law of averages let him down when he asked 10 girls to step out with him and none of them accepted. Whatsamatta, JOE ? Have you lost your attraction since the season ended? We noticed among the many celebrities at the confetti dance one former BMOC ROHYANS. His Uttie lady-love, GEORGIANA BAKER, looked so happy and proud. She ought to; she’s had to sit home enough this year—My ain’t pins grand ? Comes question as to just who is writing this mess and answer comes also quick which says . . . PETER QUILL ... he is everywhere at once, he sees all , knows all, and tells all . . . be careful. Another question has come forth . . . just what has the Kappa house come to . . . they ought to teach their freshmen the rules about holding that man . - . and by the way they tell us that a certain BETTY JANE ..(MISTOE) DARR ..comes from Luxemburg (St. Louis), Mo. . and that the Luxenburg gang just don’t think so much of BUTCH LUTH and his West End gang. Well, it looks like the column will go on as ever under the auspices of a new editor—Mr. PETER QUILL —and will be sponsored by the “Thank G-d it’s Friday” club and the society for the establishment of better Bold and Blacks.
dCeilsM to the Editor
Letters accepted tor pnUlcation in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s sisnatare and should be limited to 1(0 words in length. WAA Error Dear Editor: Last week the Chinese students of the University went through great pains to raise money for the Japanese-created unfortunates of their land. Friday night at the WAA dance the girls were given bands to wear on their wrist that carried the name of Japan. The incongruity appeals to me. There is no doubt about the American sympathy; the WAA error is unforgivable. Bernard Firestone, CE ’39.
However, one must know that Rebecca, glamorous, beautiful Rebecca, is still the mistress of Manderly, although she has been dead for several months—drowned in a sailing' accident. The agony and pain during which the second mistress must struggle before she conquers this dead though still adored woman, is a story of exquisite love and suffering ’that only another woman could tell so stirringly.
MaiiI
TODAY-TOMORROW A MOVIE QUIZ PICTURE
i8mi«jMRT.Tn iwi"* iiurnmmmsm Mickey Mouse Clock Cleaners
GRIN Am BEAR IT
By L#cfc*y
7 f
Nope, I didn’t sell it—^just got married!”
450 Tea Dancers Fill Union Balltoom About 450 students and visitors danced to recorded music in the Union ballroom Saturday afternoon at the fourth PIA-sponsored tea dance of the season. In addition to Independent students, dancers and stags included visiting high school debaters and fraternity men. The latter groups paid the 10 cents charged to nonmembers for admission. During intermission at about 4:45, PIA President Don Wells introduced Prom and Gala Week candidates on the Progressive Party, which is officially supported by the Wells organization. Seven Independents Seven of the 13 students campaigning on the Progressive ticket are Independent students, while the rival clique lists only two Independent candidates, neither of whom are PIA members.
ARC
TODAY-WED.
■ Hayward, Anna Shirlaf ■ RKO - RADIO ' PICTUR*
— and ■
JINCINQ BOYSTAa'
— Also — ’FLASH GORDON'S TRIP TO MARS"
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Ping Pong Club To Meet In Fieldhouse Saturday A meeting of the Table Tennis Club will be held at the Fieldhouse next Saturday at 2 o’clock. Dave Nassau, student in charge, requests that all members who wish to participate in the matches bring their paddles.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS ' THURS., DEC. 8,7:00 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
TODAY - Wednesday! 2 SUPER-SHOCKERSi;
j: %
the Century
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
CAQNEY PAT O’BRIEN
THE DEAD END KIDS HUMPHREY BOGART ANN SHERIDAN • GEORGE BANCROFT MmM Michael Ciirtii • rmwiadkiWMIlER BIOS.
’C [Itt
Tuesday, December 6# 1938
THE PPRDUE
EXPONENT
ni
t
%
T T
Big Ten Representatives Reaffirm Sfand On Posf Season Pigskin Game Regulafions
rielder’s... ^ choice
Big Ten faculty representatives reaffirmed their stand against postseason tilts at a Chicago meeting over the week end—and then set one up “on the house” ih the form of a free evening meal for Western Conference football players. Reaching a decision to stand pat against contests following thb scheduled season, the faculty advisers turned thumbs down on a plan which would have made the annual Bose Bowl game an affair between Big Ten and Pacific Conference teams.
Riveter Varsity, Freshman Net Squads To Meet Tomorrow Night In Annual Tilt
Adopts Motion ' The group adopted the motion: “In view of the wide publicity given to the matter of prolonging the football season so as to permit the playing of post-season games, it was moved and carried that the conference reaffirm its ruling against such extension of the playing sea-
AAU Declares Record Official
By Bruce Witwer There seems to be some little agitation ,lately tQ change the usual grid procedure of having the quarterback alone responsible for calling the signals ... Bo McMillin, our good friend from Indiana has suggested that the coach be permitted to run out on the field before each play and tell the boys just what to do. —fc—
Freshmen Optimistic Over Outcome Of Battie Between Riveter Squads
On the West coast, official silence greeted the Big Ten action. The Pacific Conference group was reported as favoring the plan, with others opposed on the grounds it would wreck the national interest in the game, which this year will send Southern California and Duke into action, January 2. One Free Meal Daily Authorization of the training table was speedily achieved. Schools will be permitted to furnish the evening meal daily to players throughout the gridiron season. Heretofore players have been furnished meals until the opening classes.
Swimming the 200-yard breast stroke in 2:55.4 at the recent University Aquacade, Patty Aspinall of the Indianapolis Athletic Club was recognized as holder of the world’s fastest record in that event by the Amateur Athletic Union. Miss Aspinall is the youngest person ever recognized by the union as a world’s champion. Only a few months earlier she had been denied entry at an AAU championship meet because she was under 12 years of age.
It seems to us that he was on the field enough during our game with lU . . . maybe if he were kept busy calling signals he wouldn’t have ,as much time to argue with the officials, which is a strong point in the plan’s favor.
—fc—
Co-eds To Hear Talk On Confectionaries
TOUCHBALL Today Semi-Final Games Field 10—Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Juillard, referee; McGrath, linesman. 12—Phi Kappa Sigma vs Theta Chi. Lamoureaux, referee: Berry, linesman. Final Game Will be played Wednesday. Winner (Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau) vs. Winner (Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Chi).
Another plan was presented by the United Press and Coach Frank Hayes of Marietta College, called the “triple huddle”... it is described as being a “cross between a disarmament conference and an alley dice game” . . . it’s intended to squelch unauthorized “quarterbacking” during the game . . . Hayes says that his innovation puts the responsibility for choices of plays upon the quarterback and captain, where it belongs.
Phi Kappa
Christmas candies will be the subject of a talk given by Miss Gail Redfield of the Home Economics department on Thursday afternoon December 8, at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. She will give new candy recipes and will discuss new and novel ways of wrapping and packing the confection.
BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1: Kurtz 7 :00—Kappa Delta Rho xs.
Sigma.
7.16—^Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:26—Theta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:40—Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Court 2: Berry.
7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Tau. 7 :i6—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 8:26—Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:40—^Triangle vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Court 3: Michael.
7:16—Phi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigmia Chi. 8:26—‘Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi 8:40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 6X. ,
-fc-
SQUASH All courts, three men. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 9:00—Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Nu.
A TRUI.Y PERSONAL CHRISTMAS GIFT
This Year, Rake It a Truly Personal Gift —Year Photograph Our photographs are made to a standard of quality— not price. Come in today and make arrangements for the finest Christmas present you can give.
TANCO
Photographer — Phone 6433 Appointments Any Hme
Here is an outline of the set-up . . . players line up behind the line of scrimmage in a 4-4-3 formation with the center, quarterback, and captain in the three man row . . . there the quarterback gives the signal for the next play to the center subject to modifications by the captain . . . the center trots into position over the ball and the quarterback and captain confer briefly with the other two groups who cannot have the signal changed because the center is ready to pass the ball . . • the play is then on, all within the required 30 seconds, according to Hayes.
Under the tutelage of Coach “Dutch” FeEring, 14 flashy freshmen basketball men will carry the laurels of the first squad in the annual pre-season battle with the varsity tomorrow night. ^ The frosh, who have been holding regular practice for five weeks, are optimistic over the outcome of the game, according to Fehring. “The team is in excellent shape and hopes to knock ’em over like a row of ten pins,” the freshman mentor s^id last night. “The yearlings are adept at shooting with either hand,” he remarked, “and it is encouraging to me as well as Lambert.” The following men will make up the roster of the class of ’42: forwards, W. G. Abolt, Don Blanken, L. G. Russell, P. G. Tierney, and C. Caress; center, C. F. Gordon, B. C. Earshot, and W. A. Nuetzel; guards, Don Adams, D. P. Blemker, J. Conrad, Clay Hedges, C. Pplk, and R. Riggs.
—fc—
Now if Hayes and McMillin would get together and have the captain, quarterback, centey, coach, and a few of the choice drugstore quarterbacks all line up and decide the pext play, you wouldn’t know who to blame for a bad play and then everyone would be happy ... in f^ct it would be a go|)d idea to let the downtown quarterbacks play a little themselves in every game jyst so they could show the gridders how it should be done ... the way they replay games on Monday morning, they should be able to put on a real show.
Dr. Peterson To Speak On 'Micro Pedology,' Dec. 10
DRINK
MILK
FOR HEALTH
Among ail your foods it is unsurpassed
as a source of health and energy. And
when it bears the seal of Sunshine
Farms, you know it to be the purest
and richest milk that is available.
807 N. 4th
SUNSHINE FARMS
Phone 5015
Riveter Wrestlers Display Good Form In Pre-Season Drills
'Piggy' Undecided On Starting Line-up For Tomorrow's Ball Game
Fraternity Squads To Replay Touchball Tie Games Today
Candidates for the varsity wrestling team have been working out on fundamentals for two weeks with Coach Claude Reeck anticipating a successful season. The grapplers open their season against Northwestern January 14. Six men are returning from last year’s squad. The 165 pound division has Willey, Tyrell, and Lederer as returning varsity men. Gossard will appear in the 166 pound class, with Burkheiser at 128 and Dawson at 188. Newcomers Several new men are showing a lot of promise at present. At the heavyweight position Rossi, Aronson, and Schreiber look like the likeliest group in competition, according to Reeck. Brown is the only outstanding man in the 175 pound division. Other promising grapplers are Post and Montgomery in the 165 pound class with Papurcia and Beam at 145, Allman and Hedges at 135, and Safford at 121.
WAA News
Although Coach “Piggy” Lambert has tried several combinations in an effort to determine a starting lineup for the annual frosh-varsity battle tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse, the cage mentor is still undecided who he will send against the freshmen. Because of the close competition for other positions, only Captain Gene Anderson, senior center, is likely to have a place clinched. A quintet consisting of Anderson, Swartz, Igney, Dickinson and Zink has been showing well in scrimmage, but is being pressed by the others, according to Lambert. Weber Out Forrest Weber, center, injured in practice, is not expected to see action in tomorrow’s contest. After splitting the cagers into two squads and working with a fast offense and tight defense, Lambert stressed the fast break, using all the men. Those who will appear in tomorrow night’s tussle are: Chamberlain, Swartz, Igney, Dickinson, Fisher, Beretta, Weber, Lorenz, Yeager, Herschelman, Zink, Hutt, Barsha, Witsman, Bosse, and Vernon.
Fraternity touchball semi-final-ists were stymied last week as both games ended in a tie. Theta Chi and Phi Kappa Sigma will meet in the game which will determine one of the two teams in the finals, while Phi Kappa Tau and Phi Pi Phi play the other. Both games ended 6-6, to forestall the final game until later in the week.
Dr. John B. Peterson of Iowa State College, will speak about “Micro Pedology” at a Soil survey dinner meeting Saturday^ evening at 6 o’clock, in the Union Building. Also T. M. Bushnell, Purdue, agronomist, will explain the proposed society and will conduct a discussion about its organization to those present who are interested in soil and soil problems.
WAA winter sports which are now in full swing include shuffleboard and ping pong headed by Dorothy Shilling, volleyball in charge of Pauline Swick, fencing - directed by Ruth Swift, and badminton supervised by Jane Fishleigh. The riflery -intramural tourna ment under the direction of Bette Smith is held every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday at 6:16 to 9:16 p. m. Tryouts for tumbling under the supervision of Jo Cook have been changed to Thursday, December 8, at 4 p. m., instead of Wednesday, November 30, as was announced.
Paul Humphrey...
. . . co-captain of the 1938 Boilermaker football squad, accepted an invitation recently from Coach Lynn Waldorf, coach of the North squad to play in the initial game at Montgomery, Ala., January 2,1939.
Full House-
(Continued from page 1)
-TUESDAY—
12:00 noon—Noon melodies, WBAA. 12:00 noon—Hit revue, WCFL. 12:16 p. m —Lawrence Welk’s orchestra, WGN. 12:80 p. m.—Luncheon dance time, WBAA 12:30 p. m.—Midday melodies, WCFL. 4:00 p. m.—^Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4:00 p. m.—Concert miniature, WMAQ 4:16 p. m.—Swingtime serenade, WBINR 4:80 p. m.—Tea time tune, WFBM. 4:30 p. m.—The dance hour, WIBA. 6:80 p. m.—^Adrian Rollini’s orchestra, WENR 4:80 p. m —Concert orchestra, WGN 6:16 p m.—Vocal varieties, WMAQ, WLW. 6:15 p. m —^Yar concert orchestra, WGN. 6:30 p m —Xavier Cugat’s orchestra, WIRE. 7:00 p. m.—Johnny Presents with Russ Morgan and his orchestra, WLW, WMAQ. 7:00 p. m.—Big Town, newspaper drama, with Edward G Robinson and Claire Trevor, WBBM. 7:00 p. m.—Heidelberg concert orchestra, WGN. 7 :30 p m —For Men Only with Peter Van Steeden’s orchestra, Frank Buck as guest, WLW, WMAQ. 7:80 p m —A1 Jolson Show with Lud Gluskin's orchestra, WBBM, 7:30 p m.^—Information Please, Alexander Wolcott and Marc Duffield as guests, WLS. 8:00 p m —We, the People with Mark Warnow’s orchestra, WBBM. 8 ;00 p. m.—^Battle of Sexes conducted by Frank Crumit and Julia Sanderson, WLW, WMAQ. 8:30 p. m —Benny Goodi^n’s orchestra. Professor Quiz as guest, WBBM. 9:00 p. m.—Dr. Christian starring Jean Hersholt, WBBM. 9:00 p. m.—Pepsodent program with Skinnay Ennis’ orchestra, WLW, WMAQ. 9:00 p m.—If I Had the Chance with A1 Roth’s orchestra, Richard Crooks, Larry Clinton, and Michael Mok as guests, WENR. 9:16 p.m.—Heidelberg concert orchestra. WGN. 10:00 p. m —Charles Baum’s orchestra, WBBM. 10 ;00 p. m.—^Yar concert orchestra, WGN. 10:16 p, m.—Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WENR. 10:16 p, m.—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. 10:80 p. m.—Earl Hines’ orchestra/ WENR. 10:46 p. m.—Henri Gendron’s orches^, WBBM. 11:00 p. m.—Sammy Kaye’s orchestra, WBBM. 11:00 p. m.—^Artie Shaw’s orchestra. WMAQ. 11:00 p. m.—^Dick Barrie’s orchestra, WGN. 11 ;00 p. m —Moon River, WLW.
sor of Civil Engineering and look for something more dangerous. Within a short time he was appointed a surveyor and sailed for the Malay Peninsula. Five weeks after leaving London he arrived at that part of the world that Darwin called “Topsy Turvy Land.” How’s That Again? For instance, “there are no seasons in Malay, no winter or summer, no wet or dry season, and the sun rises and sets at practically the, same time all year round. The mean shade temperature of about eighty degrees has not varied more than three degrees for a himdred years. Rain falls about two hundred and seventy days in the year but there is scarcely ever a wet day. The weather may be perfectly fine all the morning, then it will rain nine inches between noon and three o’clock, and be fine again in the evening.” “You will find birds nesting in one tree and the same kind kind of bird moulting in another. “You may have a tree in your garden with fruit upon it, while your next-door neighbor has the same kind of tree just blossoming.” Leggo Our Leg! The book is not lacking in fish stories. Mr. Wells tells about a remarkable species of “walkingfish.” He says, “Once I spent an hour watching one of these fish. I saw it come out of a hole in the grround, hop, skip, jump, and walk up to a tree, climb up, and deliberately wink its eye at me!” These are but a few of the sights described in “Six Years in the Malay Jimgle.” All of Mr. Wells’ interesting experiences and adventures are written in a startling manner which makes his book easy and interesting to read. Yet there are plenty of facts for those unconvinced of Mr. Wells’ honesty. For the very serious there is an appendix, on the Malay Peninsula and its resources, compiled from official sources.
RENT-A-CAR
By the Mile
• For BosineM or Pteasnre
Phone 6455
REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
314 N. Fourth
■ At 1- y. ^ ’" ‘ ’ 1 U ti"^ * fc ' f|*“ * f <=rv ' ’j ‘' '^ ' ^
^taoaL ^dL.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yiotifCiUL
Tuesday, December 6, 1938
Pharmacists To Hear Of Endocrine Therapy Dr. D. K. Kitchen, prominent De-ti-oit phaimacist, will speak on “The Present Status of Endocrine Therapy” Wednesday evening at 7.30 in the Pharmacy Building Sponsored by Kappa Psi, pjiaimacy honorary, the talk will be open to Lafayette doctors and phaimacists, as well as students in the phaimacy and science schools, and membeis of the American Chemical Society Endociine therapy is the use in medicine of endociine gftend secretions which enter directly into the blood system Dr. Kitchen will illustrate his talk wnth slides and pictures
Symphonic Band Works On Concert Purdue’s Symphonic Band has finished its first week of practice and is now ^preparing for its first concert. Director P. S. Emrick has taken the band through Flotow’s “Stradella” overture and Von Suppe’s “Poet and Peasant.” The band will reheaise special arrangements of popular marches by Sousa and other composers. A xylophone trio, Fied Baase, Jack Watson, and Neil Caison, will present special numbers. Other soloists have not yet been announced Delta Tau Delta,., . . . announces the initiation of Fred Mendez, ME ’40, South Bend, and Bud Smith, PSE ’40, Chicago, 111.
Classified Ads
Scabbard and Blade Test night Wednesday, December 7, at 7 p m in the Armory —HAMMER
FOR SALE
Mortar Board • Meeting Thursday, November 8, at 4 16 p m in room C of the Union —WOOD
FOR SAUE—Royal No 10 typewriter. Pica type Excellent condition Only $27 60 Bob DuFon 61204.
Trade and Industrial Education: Banquet Thursday, December 8, at 6 16 p m in the leception room of the Union —MANKEY
For Sale: Eastman Vollenda camera F3 6 lens Rapid compur shutter Western axposure meter Call Berger, 7724.
Debris Sales Meeting at 4 p m Tuesday, December 6 in the Union Debris office —EDWARDS
FOR SALE—$25 leather coat, size 38, for S5 Larned’s History of Ready Reference, $10 Wennermark, 123 Andrew Place
LOST AND POUND
LOST—^Internal combustion engines by Poison Call 41642 after 8 00 p m Reward Art Bodeau
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: All collection agents bring money and receipts to the office at 4 p m Tuesday, December 6 —BEHRENDS
Green Potters Committee meeting Wednesday evening, December 7, at 7 30 p m in room 1 or 2 of th“ Union —DEGARMO
Lost: Post Drawing Set, Recitation Bldg. Initials, J. D. G Reward Call Garrett, 61671
Lost: Football purse, Friday at Student Health Service Will finder please return glasses from purse to Student Health Service
LOST—Gold rim glasses Reward Notify Geo Wm Mohr, Phone 31793
LOST—Pair nmless glasses in case Call Durbin, 35162.
LOST—Gold Elgin wrist watch 41344 Reward
LOST—Post drawing set Recitation Bldg Initials, J D G Reward Call Garrett 61671
PIA Dance Class Advanced dance class will meet in Union ballroom at 7 p m Tuesday Decembei 6 for first lesson —KNIGHT
LOST—Kodak Junior camera two weeks ago Call Vivian Dickeison 4o961 Reward
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased rented, and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—1st trumpet player and drummer for dance band who will be in town over holidays Call Don Pyke Phone 3916
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Single or double, new home, attractively decorated, new furniture, recreation room fully equipped, on cai line 110 E Stadium Ave Phone 36271
FOR RENT—Single oi double room down stairs Lady graduate students preferred 131 South Grant St
ROOM FOR RENT—219 Waldron Block from campus Man, student or business man.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Shoe Repair
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-M6in, W. L.
• Photography
/
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St Phone 2828
Make your Christmas Gifts personal Give Portraits Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, Ind.
• Printing
• jewelers
Printing Office Stationery . „ U 1 Waddinf InvIUUoni ■ Celt* Book:, Etc..«, 262B CASSEL’S 408tERRy
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Last business meeting of the year, please be there —STRIEBY
Reamers: Meeting Monday, December 6, at 7:30 p. m. in rooin C in the Union.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Tuesday, December 6, at 7 ‘80 p m in the tower room of the Union —PHILLIPS
at 8 o’clock in room 7 of the Union Build-
ing.
—LIDGARD.
—MACK.
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examiqa-
Christian Science Organization. Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6,
Eta Kappa Nu: Rijugh initiation Tuee-
day, December 6, at 7:00 p. m. in the E. E. ^eforf Dec^lmr^ 9^^ ^ undersigned
Building.
—KEOK.
—GREVE.
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting in the dark room at 4 p m Tuesday, December 6 —EMSLIE
WAA Volleyball: Schedule for Tuesday, December 7, is as follows: Chi O vs Kappa, Pi Phi vs Alpha Xi; Ward 8 vs WRH North —MERRITT.
Gimlet: All members and pledges report for initiation at the SPE fraternity at 7:80 p. m on Tuesday, December 6. —SWAN.
WAA Badminton: All those wishing to practice report to Women's Gymnasium at 7pm Thursday, December 8, instead of 4pm Monday, December 6. —FISHLEIGH.
Modern Dance Group: Practice of both advanced and beginning groups from 4 p m to 6 80 p m Monday, December 6, at Union ballroom All members, required to attend —NEWMAN
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p m. All who wdsb to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Tuesday, Decembei 6, at 7 30 p m in the Engineer office —BAILEY
WSGA House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Tuesday, December 6, in room B of the Union All members are requested to be present if possible. —JAKES
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation ceremonies at 6 16 p m , Wednesday, December 7, in the tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet at 6:00 p m. in the Chestunt Room —HANNAS
TRUE or false Would you say a dealing service that protects * your garments against moths (at no extra charge) was most preferred? Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed in the same operation by MONITE moth-proof process. ©B01TI3 hmmy FINE C L E A'N ERS'OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Archery Club: Meeting Tuesday, December 6 at 7 30 p m in room 105 of Fieldhouse Bring equipment Beginneis welcome —KINZER
Cadet Luncheon Committee- Meeting Tueseday, December 6 at 4 p m. in the Armory —LEVIN
Purdue Engineer- All editorial and busi ness staff workers report to the Engineer office at 4 p m Tuesday December 6 for inspection trip to Lafayette Printing Company —TAYLOR Lutheran Student Association Meeting Tuesday December 6 in Union Building room B ^ —GRANNON
Undergraduate Dames* Business meeting Tuesday, December 6 at 7 30 in room F of the Union —BENOY
Triton Business meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday Decembei 6 at the Women’s pool in the Memorial Gym All Tiiton members and those interested in membership please be present Swim afterwards —JORGESON
WSGA Sophomores: Training school will be held Tuesday December 6, at 4 o’clock in the WSGA office -BARNES
Riflery Tuesday, December 6, at 6 16 Ward 2 , 7, Alpha Xi Delta, 7 45, WRH South 8 30, Alpha Chi Omega —SMITH
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Thursday, December 8, at 7 p m
ARROW TELiyALl Wbt is your I. Q. on style? in THIS WEEK’S POST ^ page 62
—no one nmsievee knotel
This is the story of Suzanne, for whom a whole new life began that evening in June when a young stranger tied his horse in front of her father’s log cabin. But when, one day, Wayne Lockwood told her of his love for someone else, Suzanne realized what she must do. The main thing was, not to let him know how you feel, not to let anyone know... A tender romance of Civil War days in the West waits ^ for you in this week’s Post, by the author of A Lantern in Her Hand and A White Bird Flying. A NEW NOVEL of pioneer days in Iowa begins in this week’s Post mG GF YESm by the noted American author BESS STREETER ALDRICH
wmib Of “MMUSBb? athletic careers. He-? college quintuple-thre^t,,"j^'-« « a from St tops eleven years ^ Rice he and other 2'® frSvT
%
7 li
1500 locals otianized in 45 slates now tniikp A PiRWIAliEliT CAREER • ,4 unemployed i^k.o One Big worker,- AUrance whitb can even Umon^ Ihis w ^ - aa- \xrDA rebirc tney nrc. j make the WPA mnathetically to its White Houee hst« sympath^uoal^ threat, prorms^J ^ r:»wht *;”;to,ne,,anestabU,hedln,tltut.on. Who Organized the Unemployed? by STANLEY HIGH
'y
7
And.
...A HOUSE WITH A MUSICAL GHOST! And unseen eyes peering at you out of the dark! What a setting for two people in love! A young couple get an eerie reception—and hko iti Read this short story by i^leanor Mercein, Where But in England? WHEN THE WITNESS LIED...AND THE D. A. DIDN^T MIND... the newspapers howled for conviction of the perjurer. But the D. A. had his 9wn formula for catching such crooks: astronomy.. .A short story, Kepler’s Disciple, by Harry Klingsberg. PLUS: All That’s Psychic Is Not Selling, profitable sales pointers by Donald B. Tansill.. .George N. Peek and Henry Carter consider The Farmer^and the Tariff... Short stories by Daniel Fuchs and Charles Rawlings; editorials, serials, Post Scripts and cartoohs.
All in the Post out this week.