"i '/' " “'(4 ''''I
\
MiiT THE TEAM; Aftend Open Practice ' J Session Tonight At 4
Volume 55, No. 10
H|W com COLUMN On Pa^e Two Discussai Campus Wardrobes
Established 1889
tfMtHilii
Purdue Uaiirarjiiity, West, Lafayette, Indiana
Tptsday, September 15, 1941
Bmham Will At Friday^s Mixer
Second Dance In Name Band Parade .Will Feature Convocation In Music Hall By June Hardy Making his debut before the students of this University next Friday at 9:30 p. m. Sonny Dunham comes fresh from a nation wide tour and fourteen weeks on CBS where he was featured on “Matinee at Meadowbrook”. His appearance is the second of a big band here in the current series of Union “name” Mixers. At an early age his musical career was opened by teaching his sisters the fine points of piano playing. Later when he turned seven, the local theatre
Record Cast To Aid
I ir ^ necQru vu5i lu Soybop Gr0)iyef$ To Open Sa/e of war Bonds
trombonist taught him the rudiments of “slip-horn” playing; he followed that by experimenting with the banjo, drums and the baritone' sax. His first major step into the entertainment world came later when the Dtinham family organized an instrumental quartet, leading to their New England fame. While still trouping about with the family, Dunham made his first appearance as a soloist at band concerts and social functions and soon became one of the most sought after trombonists in the section. Finding that suclfwoik interfei-red with his progress in the realms of education. Sonny quit school and took his trombone to New York. Played With Ben Bernie After breaking into the bigbands, he played with Ben Bernie, Paul Tremaine and finally got due recognition when Glen Gray of Casa Loma fame asked for his services. By this time Dunham had taken up the cornet and had developed into a first class arranger. After six years with Glen Giay, he decided to step out with his own band. Having financial reverses he rejoined Casa Loma only to quit again and form another and his present ensemble. Convo Precedes Dance Preceding the dance, which will be held in both ballrooms of the Union, Sonny will play for a special War Stamp Convo in the University Music Hall. Admission to the convo will be by special ticket given in exchange for the purchase of fifty cents per person in War Stamps. A “series” mixer ticket or a single admission ticket, costing $1.65, will admit one couple to the dance.
University Receives
Meeting Qii ffiRipus Today Informal Smoker, Roundtable Discussion To Open 22nd Annual Convention In Union
Funds
Government Lends
To Needy Students
Auto Drivers
Designated as one of the colleges of the nation where the government will lend money to needy students, the University will help these students to Complete the training so badly needed at this time. This was the announcement by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, who stated that the U. S. Office of Education had notified him that a check for $86,067.00 was being sent to the University to be used as a revolving fund for lending purposes. Eligible for loans in the University will be upperclassmen in engineering, pharmacy, and those majoring in physics or chemistry. Policy For Loan-Making “In making loans to students it shall be the policy of such institutions, subject to the provisions of the law and the regulations, to grant loans sufficient in amount to enable a student to carry his college work to June 30, 1943, or to complete the curriculum in which he is enrolled, if that can be accomplished before June 30, 1943,” said the letter from Kendric N. Marshall, director of the Student War Loan Program for the Office of Education.
Soybean growers, handlers, and processors as well as government agencies will meet on the campus today lor the 22nd annual three-day convention of the American Soybean Association. Leading growers, U. S. Army officers, U. S. Department of Agriculture and state college heads, and industrial men will speak. An informal smoker and round table discussion presided over by E. F. “Soybean” Johnson, of the Ralston Purine Company, St. Louis, will open the meeting at 8 o’clock this evening in the Union. —
Main speakers of the convention include M. L. Wilson, director of extension, U. S. Department of Agriculture; C. C. Farrington, vice-president of the Commodity Credit Corpoiation; and Col. Rohland A. Isker, head of the Army’s subsistence laboratory at Chicago. Wilson and Isker will address the annual convention banquet tomorrow evening. Wilson Will Talk On Nutrition Wilson, who has been active in the promotion of correct dietary habits, will talk on “The Place of Soybeans in Advancing World Nutrition,” while Isker, who is in charge of research on soybean products in the quartermaster corps subsistence laboratory, has as his subject, “Soybeans in the Army Diet.” Fai-rington will speak for Thursday’s luncheon on “Soybeans in the Food-for-Freedom Pro-
gram.”
Principal Speakers Uses of soybeans in the wartime economy will be the main topic of discussion tomorrow. Principal speakers will be Dr. H. T. Horrick, director of the Northern Regional Research laboratory, Peoria, 111., whose laboratory has developed Noiopol, a soybean oil rubber substitute now being tested for commercial production. Dean H. J. Reed and Prof. C. W. Carrick, of the University staff, who
By Bob Boawinfcle In probably the biggest show to be put on in Indiana for a decade, A1 Stewart, with a cast of well over 10,000 soldiers, sailors, bandsmeh, drum majorettes, war workers, firemen, boy scouts, air raid wardens, choruses, ROTC squads, nurses, PEM 12’ers, thousands of school children, hundre^ of others and Rita Hayworth will attempt to entertain a record attendance in the stadium and at the same time make the local war — bond quota seem much too
Q'lHilai^ Entertains
Col, Rohland Isker
At Convo 1500 Hear Popular Lecturer Sunday
By Charlotte Hass
small in the war bond drive during the evening of September 24. ^ \ Spectacular will hardly describe the brilliant columns of lights directed at the wavering banners on the flag staffs around the top of the horseshoe and on the flag flying high at the far north end of the stadium—the same flag which flew over the White House during the memorable December 7th—during one of the pauses in the regular entertainment. Gigantic lighted “V’s” will probably also make their appearance in the sky
Keeping a crowd of approximate- both during and before the show, ly 1,500 people laughing and Four Bands To Perform thoroughly entertained for slightly ''^he whole enormous show will more than an hour, with puns, jokes, ^t 7 p. m. and build up to sathe and extemporaneous humor, ^he climax at a little ^ter 9 wheh Strickland G i 11 i 1 a n, nationally open car driving up on the ramp
known Ohio author, editor, and news correspondent, spoke at the
will introduce Rita Hayworth to the crowd. Each of four bands, taking
first University convocation of the positions around the inside of the
fall semester in the Music Hall Iasi track will remain silent until the
Dt. Lduise Stanldy
Sunday afternoon.
Beginning his lecture with a
car containing Miss Hayworth comes up to their position; when
University Will Issue
Passports Soon
University
To Offer More War Courses
jovial “Howdy Folks,” Gillilan gave
the audience a talk on Let s Laugh^ (Afferent number. To say that the
While We Fight” far from what g^got of the bands will be
most people expected. Joking about ^g HaywortF takes her
such varied subjects as Washington, ^ g^^g^
D. C., toastmasters, McNutt, lina- 2j:ected in’front of the score board,
berger cheese, Roosevelt publishjfrs, and statistics, the ex-member of the White House Correspondence Association presented his ideas on
Sfudents Must Present
Schedule Cards
Open Classes
Throughout Indiana
would be a gross understatement of
facts.
Rita To Autograph Sales
Selling of bonds, with which will be a personally autographed certificate by Riia Hayworth, will continue throughout the show. The
Senior passports may be obtained at the ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium on Thursday, according to an announcement received from C.
S. “Pop” Doan, manager of ticket ^
On and after September 21st, 1942, the regulations governing the registration, parking and operation of motor vehicles by students, wiM be enforced by the University Police Department. All unregistered vehicles and those parked or driven in violation of regulations will be tagged and a fine will be assessed against the owner. Motor vehicles may be registered in Room 201 in the Service and Stores building between 8:30 a. m. and 12:00 noon, and between 1:00 and 4:30 p. m. every day except Saturday and between 8:00 a. m. and 12:00 noon on Saturdays. EDWARD C. ELLIQTT, President
To be eligible for loans, .students must have and maintain satisfactory scholastic records ami must agree in writing to continue their studies, and to engage for the duration in such employment or service as may be assigned by the War Man-Power Commission. Loans will not exceed $25 per month plus tuition or fee.s and shall not exceed a total of $600. All loans bear two and one-half per cent interest. They may be cancelled if a student is ordered into military service, or if he suffeis total and permanent disability, or in event of death. Goldsmith In Charge Dean Fred I. Goldsmith, who is chairman of the faculty student loan committee, is in charge of making the new loans to University students and applications should he made at his office in the Executive
sales and assistant athletic director. Students are required to present their registration schedule^ card when calling for passports. Junior passpoits will be available on Friday, while sophomore and freshman passpoits will he given out next week, the exact dates to be announced later. Students will be admitted to the opening football game with Fordham on Saturday, Sept. 26, upon presentation of their passports only at the pioper gate. For admittance to the remaining games with Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana, coupons from the passports must be exchanged for leserved seats. A sheet of instructions listing the dates for the exchange of coupons will be given each student when ho calls for his passport.
protein supplement this year; Dr. Louise Stanley, chief of the bureau
the underlying facts of moral.
“They Shall Pay”
In one of Gillilan’s more serious moments, he stated that “They will
pay for their preparedness far more progress of the sales will be andearly than we will pay for our uA- ifoti^eed from .time to time over a preparedness,” stressing that peo- public address system installed in technically trained men and women, pjg want to murder and kill thc/stadium.
special classes will be opened in gan never expect to win. The student body will make up a' more than 60 Indiana cities during Giving analogies about the points large part of the east with the the next two weeks. These war jjg wished to make clear, the speak- ROTC fully cooperating, the phys-
In response to the needs of industry and the arm,ed forces for
of home economics U. S. Depart- ‘^l^sses are being sponsored gj. lots of fun telling jokes on ical fitness demonstration by stument of Agriculture; Donald S. United people in Washington. Said he about dents, and many of the student
Payne, of the Agriculture Marketing Administration; H. A. Olendorf, president of the Soy Flour association, of Decatur, 111., and A. A. Lovinson, sale’s manager of the Gliddon company, all of whom will take part in a panel on soybeans in the diet, also will speak. The panel will be presided over by A. M. Dickson of the Agriculture Marketing administration. Plan Field Trip Convention members will take a See SOYBEAN MEETING, page 4
States office of education. Hjg persons back home who comIn a meeting of 35 field men who plained what their congressmen
are to make fire final plans for the were doing, “When you find pants The United States Steel Company operrmg of these classes, director buttons in your soup, you don't cUss band and chorus, 100 members in
musical organizations taking part
in the program.
Prof. C. W. Beese, reported that i;be button but the cook.” Likewise
Building.
University Grants
Boh Parks Year's 'Doc' Cole Grdllts
Leave Of Absence
Bob Barks, who, for the past fouryears has been Director of the Union Puttering Shops and other Union Art Activities, has been granted a year’s leave of absence from his University duties, to study for his Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree at the John Herron Art School at Indianapplis. Mr. Parks graduated from
Herron in 1938.
While in school, Mr. Parks will also hold a position as assistant to bhe director of the John Herron Ai t Museum in which capacity he will, apiong other duties, direct a new exhibit extension progiam throughout Indianapoli.s under the auspjees oi;
the Museum.
Shortly befoie leaving the University, Mr. Parks had a one-man show of his drawings and paintings in the Music Room of the Union Building. A modified Union Art Frpgram including occasional Puttei'ing Shop activities, is now under consideration and may, in Mr. Parks’ absence, be under the direction of Mr. Lloyd Vallely,"'
Interview; Will Leave
Cosmopolitan Club Will Hold Tea Next Sunday
For New York Today
By Willis Vermilion “I’m leavin’ for New York in the moanin’,” said “Doc” as he gave out with the talk at a press conference last night. “Doc,” in case you’i-e confused, pertains to Dr. A. J. fcole who has served the students of the University faithfully in the Student Health Service for the past two years. At the request of the Health Seivice “Doc” gave an interview in order that his admirers and followers would know where he is and what he is doing. It was requested because the people who work at the Service are literally sWamped eveiy day with questions pertaining to the whereabouts of fhe great “Doc.” So to alleviate the congestion at the Executive Building “Doc” says that he will be at the U. S. Maritime Training Station, IV^anhattan Beach, N. Y.
On next Sunday afternoon, the Cosmopolitan Club will have a tea in one of the Union’s Faculty lounges from 2:30 till 3:30 p. m. all new and old students interested in the activities of the club are invited to attend. Several faculty members will be present. This tea, in addition to being designed to acquaint prospective members with the activities of the club, is also to celebrate the coming of the Cosmo to the Univeisity. *Tho membership has consisted chiefly of students from other lands, many of them from countries half way around the globe, but the membership is in no way limited to such students. The spiiit of the Associated Cosmo Clubs to the nation r^ill gain increasing importance in days to come because of the value of friendly understanding relationships between nations in order to aid in counteracting some of the hate which may exist after the war is over. t
Dean Potter says: "HiHer is a GANGSTER"
HE'S RIGHT Hitler would be unhappy at this year's SDX Dance October 2
It's a DEAD CINCH However That You Will Have The Biggest $1.99*72 Worth of Funnin'
That Ever Came Your Way
IF YOU COME TO THE PRAWL
approximately 9,000,000 more workers will be needed during the coming year. Most of these workers will have to be women and older men to replace the young men taken into service. Out Of 100 Men, 63 Need Training Also, out of every 100 men “inducted into the Army today,” 63 receive assignments that require specialized training. Therefore youths of from 18 to 20 years of age are urged to enroll at once in courses which will give them a background for “specialized Army train-
ing.”
Even though 880 classes enroU-
blame yourself for the congressmen
you sent to Washington.”
“Egotism,” roared Gillilan, “is nature’s serum injected to deaden the pain of being a fool.” After
similar definitions, the
would step out of the light and
each group, will represent the role industry is playing in the nation’s
war effort.
5,000 Children To Appear
Children will appear in abundance
lecturer county’s 5,000 school
children give the pledge of al-
laugh, “Ain’t it kwful.” Since Gil- legiance to the flag as they form lilan seemed to enjoy saying his around the track. Women will make bit, the audience had more fun than appearance as war workers,
Red Cross motor corps groups^
ever laughing with him. Recited Famous Poem
After ending his hour of humor with his ever famous “Off Agin, On Agin, Finnigin,” the poet was one of the first University convo lecturers to return to the loud
nurses and Girl Scouts. A complete program for the evening will appear in a Jater edition of the Exponent as soon as all the details are worked out by those in charge of the show.
ing 22,000 men and women have speaker and answer the croi^ds’ apbeen conducted throughout the state plause for “more.” He presented by the University during the past two original poems, and much to year, a recent survey has proved everyone’s surprise gave a sales that twice this number will be need- talk about some booklets he had on ed during the coming year to meet sale that afternoon. When he was the requirements of industry in In- finished, it was evident that his diana. With a high school education /.salesmanship was as good as his as the only requirement for admis- (humor, for many people went up sion, these tuition free classes offer to the stage for a pamphlet of Gilsubjects covering all branches of lilan poems signed by the author, engineering, science and manage-
WBAA To Hold Callout Thursday, Friday
ment.
Playshop Will Hold Lab Tryouts Tonight
Exponent Staff
Tryouts for Playshop lab plays will be held tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. Playshop lab presents four one act plays each, year with Mr. Ross Smith, associate director of Playshop, in charge of production. These tryouts are open to anyone
Work sched,ules of editorial freshmen and sophomores are now posted in the i^ce. Please report as scheduled or arrange for substitute. —ARMSTRONG
WBAA will hold callouts next Thursday and Friday from 3 to 5 p. m. for announcers, sportscasters, sound effects men, script writers and dramatic aspirants. Larry Meyers, director of Radio Stage, has announced that there ai’e openings for men and women in all types of character parts in his feature draipatic show presented each Saturday at 1 p. ra. According to Gilbert D. Williams, director of programs for WBAA, a recent survey shows many former' members of the station staff asre now in commercial radio.
PrQf,M.G.MeUm
... of the department of chemistry was elected ta the-^ advisory
Debris Will Take Attivities Pictiirei -Debris pictures of all activities
who has not pi evioiisly had a part and organizations are to ho taken
in a major Playishop production, today, tomorrow, and Thursday hoard of the Analytical Edition of No dramatic experience whatsoever night from 7 to 11. Pictures wi^l be Indpstrial and Ehgin^aring Chemis nece.ssary, and new students are taken in the South Ballroom. All istry at the meeting of the AhtBltespecially urged to come and try men are to wear cohts and ties Be ican Chemical Society at out for a part. on time! See schedule on page lonr, this ve^ ,
I
mi->■
El f.
^’4^ 4 •'t
‘f/ -if'''
>«^ 2
' T5*,.ii''>'"‘'
" ’ 4| ^
i»iir</ire Exponent
i5'sv ¥
< ^;4. <
K /t U .''Si
, - ? V" 4|i
Tuesday, September IS, '.!942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Butinsu, Purdue Memorial Union, PKone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Ttljlnr-in Chief Ntw** Lditor Editor Sporls editor Bii^sines^ Mnnog^er ( irciiiation Man&Rcr Coed Editor
John F* AAifBifr Don T. Bropby John H. Armstronff Robert L. Hadley William D. MlUard Ken K. GJemre Alice Cha^eld
Publication Stall '' Associate Editors Editorial Staff R W Boswmkle, D E Butz W G Hoskins, A r Hiiater D W Ochiltree, W E Rafert. Sports Staff Li E Brewer J S Dawson, E L Karpick. ( oed St ifl bally Beall Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer Business Staff t V cjI Businesb Manager Julia Martin Advertising Manageis J M Wright, D E Johnson. Cixalatxon Manager G H Klouman Acc iunts Manager Trena Torrenga lunior Coed Managers Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Tihior m Chief Mmoiring Editor B\ sine«s Manager ( oed Editor •sports Editor Ad^eHismg Manager Acoounls Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kesiilet Bill Killigrew Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue \iplit Fnitor Butz Sports Editor: Dawson rn\ tditor Hass Issue Editor: Murphy Reporters Vermilion McGill Poiter, Gerhart Howes Ford, i \ nch Rich ird«on Panlvam
Entcnd a** second cla^s matter at the post office in Lafay(tt Ii di 1 n under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 in 1 It he pccial rate of postage provided for in section id October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 I \ h'ilied tn Tue day Thuisday Fiiday and Sunday mornings ), }J) \Lii) Delivered locally by carrier for $176 for a u tfi <r '^3 00 for two semesters by mail for $8 00 for a cn Ur IJ *^3 50 foi two semesters ir } ler enu ter mailed subscription $1 60 H pic tnied for national advertising by National Advertis- ^ Mfc Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 "‘j'uhson P\e New Yoik N Y
Stimson’s Statement rditoi’s Note- The Exponent recently received a com ol tlie statements made by Secretary of War Stiiftson nhen he announced the status of college students in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps. An anahsis and summary of the statements, supplied b> the American Council on Education, follows the text of the message “The.enlistment of college students in the Aimy Enlisted Reserves was authorized by Ihe Secretary of War in the belief that the tiaining alforded by study at colleges was uGO-ful for their preparation for service in the Aimed Forces and that a substantial number oi those enlisted would prove qualified for selection as candidates for training as officers. Ey such enlistment students have the satisfaction of placing themselves immediately at the service of their country to be called to active duty m the armed forces whenever the' Secretary of War finds that the exigencies of the; war demand it. Meanwhile, they are engaged in preparation deemed useful for that service. “The stepping up of the intensity of the \ ital combat in which we are engaged and the glowing need for enlarged forces make it clear that all young men fortunate enough to have the physical and mental qualifications to enable them to serve their country in the armed ioices are destined for that service. Further, the exigencies of the war have now become such that it IS now expected that by the end of the college term or semester beginning in September those student members of the Re‘'■ei ves who have reached Selective Service age will all or for the most part be called to active duly and those reaching that age during subsequent terms will similarly be called. “When enlisted reservists are called to active duty the Army will determine what further training is required to qualify these men lor military duty. For this purpose the War Depailment will adopt such methods and utilize such facilities of their own or of the colleges as will best meet the current military rcquiiements. Fiom the above statement and conferences With Army representatives the following conclusions may be drawn as a guide to college and university students: 1 There is no indication that the Army vili call to active duty members of the A. E. R C , 01 those enlisting during the semester, pi jor to the end of the term or semester beginning in September even though they are 01 become of Selective Service age. 2 In the future the same principle will apply, that is, men in the A. E. R. C, will piubably not be called to active duty until the erd ol the semester or term in which they reach approximate Selective Service age. M It IS now planned that Selective Service age will be interpreted at the equivalent age at 5,y|iich a man would otherwise be inducted through Selective Service—approximately 20 years and 6 months. 4 The ROTC will be continued although it is indicated that some slight modifications aie under consideration. 5.H The Army intends to use the facilities ol the colleges and universities for such training as may be considered necessary for future officei^candidates. Theie is no indication that the Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard will make a similar change in their respective Reserve Corps plans. *7. ^ A§ previously announced the Recruiting ^ Team from all Services will begin its visits to college campuses"on Sep.tember XSth.
We Are Ready,... War Secretary Stimson’s latest communica.^ tion to the natioh S^eems to indicate that we, as college students, are no longer contributing to the war effort in our cold storage enlisted reserves. He says, in effect, that the gov--ernment is going to get nasty and make us go to war—^not after we spend a few more years assimilating facts and theories, but very soon —for some of us the end of this semester. Some students, secure in the faith that the nation would allow them, a privileged few, to remain in school, are sore distressed at learning that our supposed cold storage has turned into a frying pan from which they may directly jump iniq^the fire. Digging in for a long war, Britons felt, and rightly So, that their colleges and universities should remain in action, providing well-round-ed, well-educated men for officer material, and for preserving England’s educational stand-
ards.
But we’re not digging in for a long war. Not yet. There is time enough to think about that when we are using all officer candidates, and others equally as essential, now available and they give signs that they aren’t sufficient. We feel confident that if the nation does need engineers as badly as it seems, the government will make provisions to utilize and train students as engineers for engineering work. The nation is going all out with manpower and materials in its effort to get this thing finished in a hurry. When it is finished, and only then, will it be time to go about the leisurely business of college as usual. Until that time it will be the universities’ function to train soldiers and sailors as electricians’ mates, diesel engineering officers, signal corps technicians, or for jobs only in essential war industries. We who are still in school through the good graces of the enlisted reserves are really no more guilty of dodging the issue than is the man who fills his automobile and several other tanks with gas the day before rationing is to start. We have felt that if one is going to benefit by the enlisted reserves, we all might as well do the same. We may have been slightly misled into thinking that we were needed as college graduates. But if it is true, as Stimson has indicated, that we are needed more in the armed forces than as physicists, chemists or engineers, we are ready to go anytime.—w.g.h.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licfkty
Placement Service Aids Coeds In Finding Work ) Bureau Gives Occupational Infornaation; Answers Queries On Specific Jobs By Charlotte Hass Since 1937 the Women’s Placement Service has been operating at the University for the purpose of aiding coeds in locating part-time jobs while they are attending school and in helping them secure the best possible employment upon graduation. At the present time the Women’s Placement Service offices are on the main floor of thd Administration Building, where Miss Irene Feldt, head of the ■ bureau, is anxious to help any for college named gnls by attendgirl find the kind of non-teach- conferences and field trips ing job she wants. Teaching «^%does not ^r ofi foo employment by herpositions are handled through geif Assisting hei aie piofessors, the Office of Teacher Licensing deans of the difteient schools and and Placement, under the dnection members of the fatuity who aequiie of Di G E Davis, which is also information which is of aid “In this situated in the Administration way,” said Miss Feldt, “coeds have Building. a hottei chance to find exactly what Besides mfoimation leading to fi'oy want.” jobs, the Placement Office has on Scarcity Of Workers
“When fixing the clutch, girls, always remember to use a No. 2 bobby pm or if nothing else is handy a wrench out of the tool box will do.”
peimanent record facts concerning occupations and vocations which coeds may see at any time. This is cxtia material supplied by the office to enable gnls to see what lines of
Duimg the past yeai the effects of the war upon the placement of Univeisity women has been very appal ent MoiC calls than can be filled were received for wpmen
University Calendar Tuesday, September 15
9 00 A M 6 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 30P M
Ameiican Solybean Ass’n Meeting Farm Secuiity Meeting Am Soybean Ass’n Boaid Debris Pictuies Undergiaduate Dames Alpha Phi Omega
Room 304, Union Room 330, Union South Balhoom, Union W Faculty Lge , Union Room 303, Union
Wednesday, September 16
8 00 AM Am Soybean Ass’n Boaid 12 00 Noon Am Soybean Ass’n Boaid 6 30 P M Am Soybean Ass’n Boaid 7 00 P M Debris Pictures
E Faculty Lge , Union E&W Reept Rms , Union N B.Jlioom, Union South Ballioom, Union
woik aie in gieatest demand and to tiained m the sciences, mathematanswei pioblems concerning specific ics, engmeeiing and foods pioducpositions which coeds may have tion A numbei of organizations not Registei For Interviews previously employing women rn Each year seniois and giaduate technical fields and m peisonnel women m the University receive '"’oik are revising then plans to emregistiation forms from the Place- women in place of men inent Office, and use these to sched- Women’s Placement Service ule interviews with the representa- titfice is open on cvciy week day tives fiom plants and organizations 8 to 4 and on Saturdays from over the country who come heie 8 until noon Miss Feldt urges gnls Last year 73 such representatives '^^o would like came to the campus know more specifically about the After coeds leave the Univcisity, office to arrange an
the Placement Office keeps m touch with them, assisting when alumni caie to change jobs, and keeps on file recommendations from the past
employers of each girl Jobs For Gills In School
Opeiatiiig not only for senior women and alumni, but also for the nndeigiaduate coeds, the office
Out Of The Wardrobe
By June Hardy
Editor’s note. The Exponent will publish the following column weekly as a commentary on campus fashion—strictly for and
about the coeds
Now that this new addition has been duly introduced and inaugurated by the boss, a word of explanation IS rn line Your “Out of the Wardrobe” campus fashion column is to make weekly (not Weakly, we hope) appearances, and is written for and aKout the campus’ fairer sex Roses and compliments will be abundantly pitched to gals who are seen m duds with that “look twice” appeal Ye old eye will be peeled not for sorority pins, but for smart and suitable clothes for the occasion Started to perk up the ears about the time of the Old Girls’ Picnic; hundreds of cute cottons were in sight, but Peg Baker, junior, in her brown, light blue and white “African” print dress made my mouth water. Designed by Peg herself, the dress has a princess style, superrlong jacket with inch and a half brown grosgrain ribbon down the jacket front, and around the hem and sleeves. Eight inch long pleats are on the outside of the three-quarter length sleeves and oodles of pleats are spaced in front and in back of the skirt. Slung around her sholuders Peg had a squashy, white Cardigan, and her socks were white wool. Also gnawing on a sandwich at the picnic was Maiy Jane Roth, jumoi, suited m a nifty pastel-plaid jacket of blue and yellow. Shot thiough the plaid aie tiny white and olive stupes Under this was a yellow wool skiit with endless pleats and topped by a classic yellow sweater Saddles and blue woolies completed
the costume
Cianed the neck all evening at the Shep Fields affaii Spotted freshman Bettianne Muiphy whnlmg m a smooth job of navy layon faille and crepe It has a low waisted crepe top, open faille collar that has wide lacings leading down to a climactic bow on the tummy—(0 K on a flat one!) The skirt is a healthy flare of faille, shoes, navy :^nlly-bowed pumps, and a double faille bow was in hei haii Marty Lozier, junior, glittered and sparkled the night away in her black crepe dinner dress yoked in black net and splattered with black sequins. Bordering the intricate yoke is a lace ruffle deluxe, and the skirt is low-waisted, belted, with a bit of shirring on both sides; way, way down the back goes a row of covered buttons. Satiddy night at Blitz’s brought out Marion Lively, sophomore, in a Scotchy plaid dress with a saucy hunters cap to match. The tan, black and Kelly green plaid looked ’specially good on Lively’s black locks; ’twas all patterned after a modified dirndle and has Dolman sleeves. Watch for it; it’s different! Wish there was more space to tell you about “Bep” Pui cell’s golden-rod yellow and olive print, and Betty Lou Kiudup’s school dress of salmon pink chintz And there were Jane Schaiff and Jean Frankenbeiry both looking cuter than a bug’s ear Fiiday night But, Sony gals, wnter’s cramps has set in until
next week
Congiess has appiopiiqted $8,000,000 to aid 107,000 college and high shcool students duiing the 1942-43 school year through the national youth administration.
Only louj pel sons out ol 100 aie in top-iiotch physical condition, according to a survey of lural areas in 17 states by the faim security administration. The most common defect was bad teeth.
State Home Etonomics Association Will Hold Meeting October 22 The Indiana State Iloilte Economics Association will hold its annual meeting on Thuisday, Oct 22, in the Auditoiium of the William H Block stole m Indisfnapolis, accoiding to an announcement received from Edna Tioth of the Umveisity stall, who IS president of the association Wartime Service Explained In commenting upon the Association’s decision to hold the meeting. Miss Troth pointed out that the services of the home economist aie varied and numerous in wai time, and there is need :^oi the membeis to meet to discuss then pi oblems In discussing the activities of the membeis. Miss Tioth said, “Most of the chan men of the nutiitioji committees of the Office of Civilian Defense in the coutnies of Indiana aie tiallied home economists Many members aie teaching in public schools and in addition aie icathing nutiition classes fow the Office of Civilian Defense, Red Cioss oi other classes for adults ” Trained Women Assist Farm Wives In addition to this. Miss Tioth stated that trained home economists aid in the wai ptogiam by assisting faim women, business, and the trained homemakei, especially those who now cany on the demands ol family life alone because then husbands are in service Sectional meetings for home economists not able to attend the meting in Indianapolis v^ill be held in conjunctioa with the 'feachei’s Association meeting" in Evansville, Foit Wayne, South Bend and G uy Westminster Girls Will Picnic Today The fust meeting of the Westminstei Gnls’ ( lub this Uim will be a picnic (o be held today in the woods in back ol the stadium Ihe gioup will meet in liont oi the Women’s Gym at 5 00 p in In ca^c of lain the meeting plate will be the Westminster Foundation, 320
Noi th iStieet
The meeting will bo inloimal and is loi the puipo'-e ol seeing and getting acquainted with each othei Following a biiel outline ol the pio giam loi the coming yeai, gioup singing will be led This oiganizalion is made up ol the women students ol the Univdsity who aie niembei.s ol oi al filiated with the Piesbytei laii Chuich Supper meetings aie held on the second Tuesday of each month, and following suppei theie IS a shoit addieso given by a piom ment woman on the capipus 'rhib picnic IS open to all giils who are inteiested.
Outing Club Elects Semester's Officers At the lust business meeting oC the cull ent semester, Thuisday, the Univeisily Outing Club elected the following officers president, Jim Coveit, vice piesident, Betty Gobiaith, 'eciotaiy tieasuiei, Bob Hot! man, WAA lepiesentative, Beatiice Beiigki Plarto foi the coming yeai weie, discussed and a bicycle hike and a' lollei skating paity weie planned and the fiist outing will be held Sunday, Septeinhei 28, at the WAA cabin and will come undei the nead ing of a get acquainled paity All aie invited and a slight fee will be chaiged loi food Meet at 3 p m at the aimoiy Reseivations "hould be made by calling Gale Ilennis, 55G] 1, 01 Id PauKon, 70032
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Hook Store Across From Llniun 'Red** Samiiioits *29 *‘Dor'* Fpple ’40
MRlVaSTO — NOW PLAYING —
Walter Abel A Mark SandrichX Production \ LYRICS AND MUSIC BY N IRVING BERLIN Screen Play by Claude Binyon Adaplalion by Elmer Rica A Paromount Picture
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Harold Bell Wright's SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS In Glorious Technicolor with JOHN WAYNE HARRY CAREY BETTY FIELD
PLUS
DANGEROUSLY THEY LIVE with JOHN GARFIELD NANCY COLEMAN
appointment with hei
Horticulture Society
will hold its first meeting
of the new semestei in the assembly loom of the IIoiticultuial Building tomoiiow evening at 7 30 Maxine Runkle, chaaman of the
keeps in contact with pait-time and coming Iloit show, will discuss its odd jobs available foi guls in piogicss dining the past semester school Such employment as inir'-e- A mnnbci of the oxpeiimeht stamaid duties, waitiosscs in piivate Lcin stall will iollow with some of home", tutoiial assistance, house- fl'c le ulls of oxpeiiments cairied woik and office work is constantly fins suminei '
being offeied The nuinbei of guls who aic legisteied with Miss Feldt are not sufficient to supply all that aie wanted iji most of these fields, yet many guls who wish to earn pait of then college expenses aie not awaie of the Placement Office Ol do not know that woik may be planned so that it does not conflict
with then classes
NYA woik Is ako airanged in this office and in the past students have eained appioximately $1100 pel month by doing deiical oi sim pie Iiboiafoiy woik foi piofes"ois
and giaduate students
Though Miss Feldt keeps in ion staiit contact with agencies looking
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
SECOND HIT
im^
umn
Dirochd by David Mrller
w/rh
WILLIAM lUNDIGAN
JEAN
ROGERS
DAN
DAILEY Jr. Produced by Irving Starr
MARS -TODAY - TOMOROW-
SIDEBY SIDE THEY FIGHT ...AND lOVE! Men with wings Women of worl
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
1 ONIVERSAL PICTURE
EPDIi ALBERT
LAST CHAPTER "RIDERS OF DLATH VALLEY'
COLOR CARTOON«
' 4 ‘ ,Vv i ' ' '• V j Tfi^i^d^f^fSeptemher 15^ 1942
jr f. BoUerihaleer Spotts
y
Pages
Biilmhani To Hold Opetf Drills This Afternoon
Swimmers Will Report For Callout Tomorrow
i
Coach Dick Papenguth’s aquatic veterans were out in full array at the Fieldhouse pool yesterday afternoon, mainly because of the fact that the pool was one of the coolest spots on tjie campus. The first official call-out for this year’s swimming t(Eam is scheduled for tomorrow at 4 p. m. at the Fieldhouse :|)jOol. Coach Fapenguth put special emphasis on the fact that itesftmen who entered school ^
I^st May will be eligible for the Vjarsity squad next January, l^ese freshmen and any upperclassmen are urged to attend this first call-out Wednes-
day.
' ‘ The regular schedule of fer the vai'sity squad will not get
Nine Fraternities Win n ports Communique
under way Until January, but the nnost of the watermen have already b^gun to get into shape. The pool prodigies are also looking forward tu their annual Aquacade which will bp given toward the end of November. Preparation, for this event will begin immediately after the first call-out, and after Coach Papenguth has a chance to see what material he has on hand for the coming season. Four Lettermen Back Thei’e are only four returning lettermen for this year’s squad. They are Captain Joe Williamson, VerJlipn Hensel, Herman Bauer and Clif i^rickson. Around these four men, Coach Papenguth will mold his varsity squad. The material he has on band for his molding is made up of ;ji^nior; sophomores and a piomising 4«:ay of freshmen. I So^ie ,of the fi-eshmen swim stars fpom various parts of the Middle West that will be available for the varsity this season are Kuejawa and La Baw of South Bend, who speeiMize in the sprint events. These rgi;en both took 'first place ribbons i^ the Indiana State Swimming Meet lasb year. Two more sprinters, both from Cleveland, Ohio, aie Pask "and Laske. They also favor the ^sprinting events. In the 220-yard swim. Bob Hamsort of Terre Haute will be seeking
Reeck Announces Frosh Wrestling Callout Thursday Coach Claude Reeck has announced a freshman wres'tling callout to be held Thursday evening at 7:30 in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. All first year men, regardless of previous experience, are urged to attend this initial meeting. At this time Coach Reeck will outline the activities of the freshman team. In the past it has been found that the inexperienced members of the team have met with an equal amount of success as those who have had the
added experience. Eight Divisions
There are eight divisions ranging from 121 pounds to the heavyweight division which takes in those men of 176 pounds and over. There has also been a scarcity of the shorter men, and Coach Reeck is striving for a more balanced team this year, so all smaller men are especially
urged to come out.
a avrsity berth. Another Rhinie, Wombly of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is out to gain a distance position on the vaisity squad. Last but not least of the fieshinen material, are the Anthony twins from Chicago. Both of these fellows placed in the winnings in the State High School Meet in Illinois last season. Their specialty IS diving, both high and low board.
First Two Contests Of Softball Tourney With the beginning of the second week of the Intra-Fraternity Softball meet there are nine teams that have wpn their first two games. The following teams will be striving for their third victory without defeat: Alpha Gamma Rho, Theta Xi, Kappa Delta Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Upsilon, Acacia, Sigma Nu, Phi Psi and Phi Delta Theta. Outside of these nine, there are several that have gone through one contest unscathed. Tau Kappa Epsilon, winners of the summer meet will be without the services of their ace hurler, Bob Hajzyk, who is devoting his tim^ to football. Thus far the defending champions have a .500 percentage with one victory and one defeat. Last semester’s runners-up. Phi Kappa Tau, have yet to play their first game in the meet. The meet is designed so that each team will play six games. There will be a lull in the schedule tomorrow because of the open football practice, but hostilities will be resumed Thursday. Dolphin Club For the purpose of preparing plans for the fall’s program, the Dolphin Club will hold its first meeting of the new semester tomorrow evening at 7:16 in the Jl^ieldi^ouse in" the usual meeting room. Important plans will be roughly presented for the pledging of eligible men and also for the Aquacade. For the furthering of these plans it is important that each member be present.
All candidates for the fresh-man-varsity golf squad report at 4 p. m. Thursday with golf clubs at the ticket house of the University course. —ALLSPAW
s
|By Bob Hadley
“ 'Meet the Team' Session Will 3 Feature Players, Grid Staff
Today provides an dppor^nity for students to get to know the fellows that are “Purdue” to tke spdfeting fans of,the country. This year Elmer Burnham is trying'to 8f6qu||pb every Boilermaker, as much as possible, with the guy that is play'Wg^):’ him ^nd the game he is playing. In addition to Burnham^fmei-pther/coaches, as well as the players, will be introduced—Athletic |l4t,^tor “Red” Mackey, “Dutch” Fehring, “Mel” Taube, Stimniy(VoiMoff'and Wellman France. There will be demonstrations of tife type of football that the Boilermakers are going to entertain Oppbrients with ;this fall, with an eye to making the team’s backers ii!p^e'a,partW\^ie playing of the game. It’s a real chance for ^evirj^'stfimnt interested in this year’s Boilermaker footballers. Don't miss*<i't>^‘here wop’t be many open practices— the Riveters aren’t advbrtisi^g.^^heir 'attack to everyone. See you there. There will be anotfcfej? edition of the open practice session next Tuesday to get the fans in shape for the following Saturday’s game with Fordham. Better that day, too. Big John Petty figured again in the 38-14 triumph of the Bears over the Washington Redskins‘irf"the lS[ational Pro League the other day. Petty is spending most of his iplayin^ minutes backing up the line on defense so far, thoughj (j^hiCTjthe Blears start to roll 6n offense, it’s usually Bill Osmanski that’s in^there shredding the opposing line. It is sort of tough for a newgo^|^'in t!he pro game to beat out the guy that just about anyc^ie "^ill telP^pu i? the best fullback in the business. It looks like the Bears are going to spend another season making it unpleasant for every other-team in the league. They showed every bit of the power and precision that won them the championship last year in coming from behind tto scalp the Redskiii^. They’ve got the big ones like Osihanski, Stydahar and Artoe for power and little squirts like Chailey O’Rouike, who performed the usually fatal deed of grabbing somebody else’s pass in his own end zone and dashing down the field. He outran everyone on the field and scored. Passing and deception play a big part in the success of the Bears, too—Washington outgained them from scrimmage and made eight more first downs, yet trailed, when the scbier added up what counts, by 24 points. The game that set the crowds cheering Sunday, though, was the fray involving the Packers of Green Bay and the Western Army AllStars. Army backs Peters, Nelson and Kimbrough turned in some of the better running performances on the books, as they fought to overcome the devastating effects of Cec Isbell’s passes to Don Hutson, Andy Uram, Lou Brock and Ted Fritsch. The Packers completed 18 passes in the course of the .contest, which they finally won 36-21. The ex-Boilermaker combination of Isbell and Brock looks like it might be pretty valuable to the Packers this season.
Three massive teams, those of the varsity, “B” squad, and freshman recruits, will trot out into Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the first open practice of the season, as Boilermaker fans gaze for the first time on the 1942 Gold and Black gridiron prospects. With the entire public—students, faculty and townspeople —invited to attend the “Meet .— —... the Team” session. Head „ „ , - v .. . , _ , -r. -11 1 annual freshman game which has Coach Elinor Burnham will bo 13^0^ scheduled for Saturday afterin readiness to instruct and en- noon at 2:30 p. m. tertain the crowds. The Sta- Drill Against Dummies dium’s public address system Yesterday’s practice session bewill be put to use as the mentor hind the Fieldhouse was devoted to introduces the varsity members by offensive formations as the hot sun their respective positions, and pre- beat down on the varsitymen. New sent the coaching staff to the fans, blocking dummies were used in the Basic football formations and plays signal drills with three full teams will be demonstrated in what might taking turns at running the plays, be termed a spectator clinic. Three quarterbacks paced the drills Will Wear New Uniforms as the elevens ran through their New game uniforms, brilliantly assignments. They were Vincent colored, with gold pants, and lyhite “Rocky” Snyder, Bob Hajzyk, and jerseys with gold and black numer- Tony Berto. These three led the als will speck the field as the varsity amazing number of new offensive members run through their drills, formations which Elmer Burnham Approximately 12 to 15 complete has pulled out of the bag for the teams will be on the field at one coming season, time. Other prominent play centered on In the midst of preparations for the offensive blocking of Ruggieri, the intersectional opener with the Powers, David, DeMaria, Barwegan Sugai Bowl champions of Fordham and Clymer. heie on Sept. 26, the Boilermakers This afternoon’s unique open-drill will also undergo a signal calling will probably be continued if interdrill, using new 1942 offensive est warrants, according to Bruce foimations and also take the of- Adams, senior cheer leader, headfensive against formations which ing the committee sponsoring the the Rams are likely to use. It has open drill. Coach Burnham has realso been announced that the gen- quested that all freshman football eial public will get another chance candidates report to the stadium in to see the varsity in action in the uniform for a group picture.
INTRAMURALS
Wf THEJAFS/
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” uf America hy guing tn the nearest stnre and buying ynur U. S. DEFENSE BDWDS and STAMPS TODAY
The following Ward softball games will be played Wednesday evening. Sept. 16, at 4:15: Diamond 1 International vs. Cncle Pines. Waid 6 vs. Ward 9. Ward 6 vs. Waid 10. Marwood vs. Luma. Roachdale vs. Waid 24. Chauncey vs. Dover. Westminster vs. Bivouac.
The following fraternity softball games will be played Thursday evening, September 17, at 4:15: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 3 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. D^lta Upsilon. 4 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 6 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Delta Chi. 7 Acacia vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa. 9 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Rhi Kappa Psi.
10
11
12
17
Psi
Kappa
Beta Sigma Delta Rho.
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha
Sigma Phi.
Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
Theta Tau vs. Sigma Nu. Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi
Epsilon.
Alpha Chi Rho vs. Triangle. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi.
The fall Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament was started Friday, Sept. 11, on the University Course. Up to this time there aie very few scoie cards turned in. Please be advised that Sept. 18 inclusive, regaidless of weather conditions, will be the limit for qualifying (18 holes). These fraternity score cards may also be used for the All-Cam-pus Tournament qualifying round, if you make a notation on your Scoie caid indicating that you wish this to be used for both the InterFiaternity and All-Campus. Be sure to place the name of your fraternity on your score card and have it properly signed by your opponent.
VARIETY. SPEED and FRIENDLINESS is our theme!' The CAFETERIA of the PURDUE UNION is the place to eat!
2 oz. Bottle
Michigan State Eleven Faces Season With Inexperienced Men As Nucleus EAST LANSING, MICH., Sept. 14—Bistered heels and bruised muscles were in order in the Michigan State College football camp today as Coach Charley Bachman sent hi^ charges through their first hand-to-hand drill of the opening week of practice. Feet unaccustomed to the heavy football shoes accounted for the blisters and the first rough contact work brought on the lame - arms and legs. , ^ i xt. x • xi. , M, 1 ,1 j. have the talents that will win them Monday will find the State regular jobs once they have been squad settling into the first seasoned a bit. Lou Brand, Grand full week of practice. With in- Rapids junior who did not remain experience plentiful in all de- football long enough to wm partments the coaches this year are ^ quaiteiback ranking last fall, ia confining their attention to rudi- ^ surprise. Glenn mentary football. The diagramming Seibert, who won a letter at end, and execution of plays for the large displace either of the tackles, assortment of sophomores is cer- ^he sophomore linemen it now tain to consume much of the time that Alger Conner, a tackle in these early practice sessions. It Pontiac, and Vincent Mroz of is evident that unless the coaches Chicago, Ind., are headed for want to risk losing valuable vet- regular jobs. How quickly they get eians early in the season they must ^^®re depends on how rapidly they let the sophomores do most of tbe ^®^rn their lessons in scrimmage, sciimmaging. Backfield No Worry j One Good Team The backfield situation is not so Coach Bachman can field one much of a worry to the coaches, pretty fair football team, but be- They have three lettermen quarterhind the lettermen are reserves and backs with a couple of sophomores sophomores who may be potential- coming up fast. Behind Gingrass at ly capable but who lack the game full is Ed Ripmaster, the Grand experience to make them valuable Rapids junior who last year went at the present. Plenty of intra- out of action with a bad knee before squad waifare and service in actual he played a game. There are a combat rs the only method of sea- couple of halfbacks from Illinois soning the novices. If called upon who won praise last spring. Gordon to name a starting team at this (Bob) Bischman, a 200-poHnder, stage Bachmann might call on Roy will get a test at both fullback ^ind Fialeigh and Bob McNeil, ends; right halfback to determine where Ted Smolinski and Dick Mangium, he is best suited. Elbert Stark showtackles; Don Declair and George ed the coaches a quality of forward Radulescu, guards; Howard Beyer, passing last spring that made their center; Glenn Johnson, quarter- eyes sparkle. He isn’t too large, but back; Dick Kieppe and Walter Paw- he is rugged and can run. lowski, halfbacks; and Morgan Gin- Sometime during the coming grass, fullback. Kieppe and Paw- week the coaching staff will make lowski are actually the only mem- an exhaustive check of their mabers of last year’s starting team, terial in an intra-squad game at but all the others are lettermen who the Stadium. This early season consaw considerable service last fall, test is always a reliable measuring This lineup may not look strong stick. The same program of two beyond this week, for a few of the practices each day will prevail reserves and sophomores appear to throughout the week.
PARFUM LOPOMRTE The answer to lasting loveliness The original, exciting perfume that deodorizes ... safely ... effectively ... Parfura L’Odorante keeps you bath-fresh and enticingly feminine the whole day through. It is non irritating and will not harm the most fragile fabric.. .many exquisite fragrances to suit your personality,—with a special MANLY group for gentlemen.
Frosh Basketball All candidates for freshman basketball squad will meet on the freshman floor of the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Tuesday, Sept. 15. —LAMBERT
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. llafayetta
Christian Foundation To Sponsor Party Christian Foundation will sponsor a “School Daze” party in the Tower Room of the Union on Friday evening at 7:30. Both eds and coeds are asked to come dressed in children’s attire. Admission will be charged at the rate of one cent for each inch around the person’s waist. Persons who plan to attend the mixer are encouraged to come first and are not required to wear a costume. Refreshments will be served.
DANCING CLASSES OPEN pEMINNER'S, WEDNESDAY, SEPT. \6. 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED, THURSDAY, SEPT. 17, 7:30 P. M. P. M. ALLEN NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR
ALLEN ’ 5 Phone 21S0
6th & Ferry$' "
I
i
i f
i^/i
/ 4 I r
i) u-4 Vfi-!?
4
, i.
jl^4i^due MxporiSttt
Tmi^day^ S^p^mket 1^
Rfeysh^p Annpuntes Cfst
'CujpAop On The Hearth' WiiiPiaYOct 14,15,16,17
At Playshop tryouts, which have been held for the past Week 111 Fowler Hall, the following have secured parts m Fennelly’s comedy, “Cuckoo on the Hearth”, to be presented Oct.
14,15,16 and 17.
Kay Foster will have the comedy pai't of Lulu Pting, the slightly insane cousin of Don Caileton, Ed Gruis will take the part of Don Carleton, a young inventor on government as- CAC W/// Hfilfl
signment; Maria Keene has
rte part of Charlotte, Don's fg/f i„g Arthur Pergament will por- /„ (J„jQ„ Jonight ftv Zflrinp (xTimps fliirnnr nf ^
tray Zadoc Grimes, author of scfrewy hoiror stones Hal Wairen artd Art Baiab have the parts of
Rev Undeihill and Di Feins le
speetively who form the professoi’s gang The part of the Geiman pio-
fessor IS taken by Geoige Sykes
<Jeorge Zissis will play the pait of ® hick sheiiff, and Maigaiet Evans ■takes the part of Beulah Peck, a telephone opeiatoi’s wife Maicelda Jacobs takes on the responsibility
of the nariatoi of the stoiy Cado Wood has the pait of Di
Goidon, the woman supeiintendent
of an insane asylum Seymoui
Greenwold has the pait of a state
trooper
This play is a satiie of all types of mystery plays that have ever been written, and the audience will constantly laugh as they vainly attempt to decide which one of four suspects IS the actual murderer, reports Carmichael The play is being directed by Dr Kenn Carmichael with Marianna Duke as rehearsal assistant and Betty Gray as stage manager Single admissions will be $0 75 each ^nd season coupon books may be obtained from the Playshop office for
^1 50
bairy Club Will Meet Tonight In Smith Hall Dairy Club will hold its first meeting tonight at 7 30 in room 108 of Smith Hall Members of the daily cattle judging team will le port on the Dairy Cattle Congress ^held at Waterloo, Iowa, which the "team recently attended and competed in the [judging
Today at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union, the Society of Automotive Engineers will hold its first meeting of the fall semester with the main purpose of the meeting being to organize the committee^ and make plans for future activities One of the things that will be discussed Will be the proposed debate with the University of Wisconsin student SAE chapter. Debate In Milwaukee The debate will be on the subject of the “Two Cycle Versus the Four Cycle Diesel Engine” and it will be held in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at the Senior SAE Sectional meeting on November 6, at the Milwaukee Athletic Club All students who are interested in taking part in this debate are urged to attend the meeting Accommodations will be furnished for those to make the
tup
There will also be a discussion about the proposed trip of the University Blanch to the Indiana Sectional meeting next Thuisday As a part of the program a paper on the power plant of the Japanese Zero fighter will be presented, and the engine will be on display Anyone who cares to become a member may “tlo so at this meeting Freshmen are eligible Opa/ Bfagtave who graduated fiom the University last June, will take a position as a Research fellow in Bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin this fall
Soybean Meeting (Continued from page 1) field tiip through the tjniversity’s experimental farms on Thursday in observance of the University’s annual Corn and Soybean field day The tup is in charge of K E Booson, extension agronomist ^ Thursday’s speakers will be J. B. Edmondson, soybean farmer and tieasuiei of the American Soybean Association of Clayton, Ind, Dr W J Morso, senior agronomist in the bureau of plant industry, and L F Mollin, of the American National Live Stock Association from Denver, Colorado Membership of the association is concentrated largely in the big bean states of Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Ohio and Missouri Association officers are president, David C Wing, Mechanlsburg, Ohio, vicepresident, J E Johnson, Champaign, Illinois, secretary, Geoige M. Strayei, Hudson, Iowa, and treasurer, J B. Edmondson, Clay-
ton, Indiana
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
(DjCHijL TlfUMu mu Saawl
OlVfE SEMESTER
■ • « ■ •
TWO SEMESTERS .
MAILER ANYWHERE
B B
$1.75
$3.00
$3.50
Far the latest in Eampus, Eity, and Wnrld News
HEAD
THE EXPDIVEIVT
Your Campus Paper Phone 4D05
Prof. Hall To Speak To Alpha Phi Omega Prot F R Hall, of the dl^aitifieiit of History, Economics and Government, will speak on world affairs and conduct an open forum at the second meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting and service honorary fraternity, tonight at 7 30 m loom 304 of the Union Alpha Phi Omega is composed of foiniei scoutb and scouteis who wish to keep up with then scouting activities and sponsors several service projects in connection with the campus, community and scout1^^ throughout the year Camera Club will hold its fiisf fall meeting next Thursday at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union All students who are interested in joining the camera club aie invited to attend The club has'four dark rooms with new equipment foi use of the meni-
beis
Classified Ads
For Rent—Double loom for one boy 325 West Oak For Sale—Fold Model B two door sed'tn Good tircb Mubl sell Cill bUO Typewriters Repaired All makes Work jruaranUed Rates reasonable Monty Montana Wesley Foundation State Phone 6) 0 Lost—Royal tvptewntcr left Sept b in a blorc in Wc^t I if lyctte Phone 28 6 Wanted Bids on P A svsttm to lent to P I A once a month for next eij,ht months Box 745 Caiy Hall or call 8421 Pecsok WE NEED boys for banquet work If you nre interested ipply Purdue Union Cafe term Tsfpewriters—Adding Machine^ ail makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamcnds watches guns, uggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office, 407 Columbia Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles Kiger Shell Service Northwestern at Columbia
^ DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Notices
Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire in the I irst Novice Pistol Group m ly sign up in the Supply Room of the Armory Ihis group will start September 15 A fifty tnt fee IS (harged which may be charged against mililiry deposits by military stu dents —LT BROWN Li isted Reserve Applicants All students who applied foi enlistment in the LnlisUd Reserve Coips duiing the summer term and have not yet been enlisted should report to rom B1 in the basement of the Aimtry to comi 1 tc then enlistment --GRAHAM Former Cary Club Members Xny fellows inltrcstfd t» associate Caiy Club member ship should riquirt, at the Cary Hall South ifFiee foi further details Those eligible must be i (ii fiaternity ntnftbero who have Jjvtd in the halls foLr or moie semesters JACKSON Junior Military Student* Who were for meily included under-pai 20 (i e at their own expense) but who have since signed the contract will please call at th( Military Department Supply Office and obtain re fund of deposits —IT BROWN Glider Club Open meetmi, Thiirsd ly eve ninx Stptombei 17 in room 25 > of the Union at 7 10 p m Moving pictuics of Club activities will be shown —SHAKFL Summer Marriage Course Enrollces Pi mi d booklets from Dr Buikhart are in the (Hiee of Dr Wilkening dean of men Those who desire may obtain them I y eallini, anytime from ) to 4 p m —PATRICK
History Gov Hitd Eedit, ‘C* : Dxamirtationa foi* £he rembVal of conditions and infiompletes in Hist ^con , and Qov will be held on f Oct jO at 1 p pi* in room 818 of the recitation building Application must be made in.'Advance ,
—
Zouaves Practice foi Corps Day Drills Sept 24 and 29 will be hekl Monday through Piiday of every w^ek until notice of discontinuation is given in the Armory at 4pm TACKSON Fraternity Hush Chairmen The i'’AO flies of new ffeshmen inteiestod in bting rushed are available anytime after 4 p m Monday through Fnday -WILCOX Sigma Chi ActiveX and Plt^dges Croup picture for Debi^lS will be taken at 8 60 p m Wednesday Sept 16 m the south ballioom of the Union Lots Ik there and gtt it over with the first time this year —ARMSTRONG Pi Tau Sigma Report for group picture for Debris at 8 40 p m Wednesday Sept 16 in soutK ballroom oi Union Please be piompt —KOEflNER Pi Tau S^gTfia Meeting Thursday Sept 17 m Pi Idu Reading Room at 4 p m Discussion, of coming activities —KOERNER Flymg Club There will be an important meeting Tuesday Sept 15 at 7 30 p m in the Union Alh those interested in joining please attend this meeting All old mem bers bring past dues —CROW Christian Science Organization Rtgulai meeting Tuesday Sept 15 in loom S03 of the Uliion at 7 30 p m —WATT AI| 4 H Club Party Committees There will be a geneial meeting Tuesday Sept 15 at ) p m in the 4 H Club pffiee —TRUAK Camera Club Meeting for organization for fall semester on Ihursdny Sept 17 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Old members and those who arc interested in joining please attend - —FURMAN Camera Club All members and those who intend to join come to South Ballioom of Union for Debris picture Tuesday Sept 15 at 10 30 p m - FURMAN Former Scouts and Scouters Alpha Phi Omeg 1 national scouting and strviu honor aiy will hold an open meeting lucsdiy Sept 15 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Prof Hull will discuss world affairs and tonduct an open forum Everyone is cordially invited —BENDER Phi I ambda Upsilon Debris picture wrll b( takei Widncsdiy Stpt 1( at 8 10 p m in S( uth Ballioom of the Union All ai fives please bt theio Chi Epsilon Debris picture will be taken Wedmsdiy Stpt 10 at 30 p m in the North BilJroom of the Union A meeting will b( held in the reading room of the CE Building Fiidiv Sept 18 It is impoitant that all mcmbeis aie present —JONES Reamers Debris pictures Wednesday Sep tombtr ir in the South Ballroom at 10 ‘’0 p m —KNOTL A W & Executive Board Important medmg in office Wednesday Stpt 10 at la p m Be theie CROI I Jr and Sr Fnlistcd Reservists All juniors and seniois in the Enlisted Reserve Corps who irt inlertstod in taking the course in Leadeiship Military Courtesy and Discipline ind Organization of the Army shoull sign up in the Adjutants Office in the Armoij prior to September 23 —GRAHAM Agriculturist Business Staff Meeting to day at 4 p m in the ofticcs in the Union Building Any fteshmen interested should come betwten 4 30 and 5 —FEE Camera Club Time for the pictuies is 9 10 instead of 10 30 tonight Be there no later than ) 0) —IRUFBLOOD
EflHstcd Reserve Juniors and seniors defining to entei the Enlisted Reserve Cortis are again lemiitd^U that the quota is limited and those desiring to enlist should apply in Room B4 in tht basement of the Arttfoiy as soon as possible \ —GRAHAM Exponent junior and senior staff Anyone desning iriss passes sec me son —0 J Gjemre All Coeds Coeds interested in making an application for a cabinet position in YWCA should stop at the YWCA office in order to sign an application blank between 4 and 5pm today Applicants will be notified of their interview appointment before the afUinoon Interviews will be held to moiiovv and Ihuisday afternoons at 4 —ARVISON Ceres droiip pictures will be taken foi the Debris ti morrow evening at 7 15 in the Soilth Ballroom of the Union ■^LEMASIER Independent Staff Members Impoitant meeting of all stiff members with the exception of the business ataff in the Indepiixdent office at 7 10 tomorrow night PveiyoJe should be there foi there is important business to talk over
BARTA
M T 6 Cadets Rtpoit to supply room to diaw wool uniform trousers -BROWN Gimlet Club Will everyone please turn out for the Miet the learn program this afternoon at 4 o clock in Ross Adc Stadium —FRASER Sigma Delta Psi Meeting tonight at 7 p m in Room 107 if the Ficldhouse Busi ness ineludCfi plans to be foimulated for the Folyc ilhlpn —ARNOI D
Gimlet Clubs Dinner meeting will be.l^m at Phi Psi HoUse at 5 30 tomorrow New pledges ^ill be elected and Hebrjl#^ pictures taken at 10 10 Wednesday HortiduKurUl Bdciely hirst* meeting the new sthriefiter will be held in tooift Il7 of the Horticulture Building tomoirow at 7 30 p m AH students enrolled in ariy Horticultuic class are invited to attend —STARREI Undergraduate Dames Club Open hoyilf^ will be held tonight at 7:30 in the West Fucultyx^Lounge of the Uhioti Wive^iOf UndcrgradUalii students aftd mhrried tvOmcA students are cordially invited to attend ‘ —KORTE Exponent Sophomores Debrifi pictures will be taken rit 7 30 tonight in the South i Ballroom of the Union , ^armstron6
student Senate 7 80 p m
Meeting tomonow at —NEFf.
Delta Rho Kappa Debris pictures wilf 'tie taken tomoirow at 8 40 p m in the South Ballrtwm of the Union —BOLLMA^T V Alpha Phi Omdgd' There ’s<rill be an executive meeting at 7 o clock tonight in room 804 of the Union Building phecdding the icgular meeting —-BENDER
ssr*
Everything for a Cttllege Education DEAL’S
Are your SHIRTS giving you a pain in the neck? Then switch to AMERICAN’S shirt service . . . STAKTCHING TO YOUR TASTE . . . MISSING BUTTONS REPLACED . . . COLLAR SMOOTHLY MOLDED 15c each 10% discount on laundry brought in and called for at our West Side Office.
DIAL 7278
132J\ORTHWESTERN
AMIRICAN lAUNDRY
DEBRIS Activity and Organization Picture Schedule South Ballroom, Union Building
7:00 7:10 7:20 7:30 7:40 7:50 8:00 8:10 8:20 8:30 8:40 8:50 9:00 9:10 9:20 9:30 9:40 9:50 10:00 10:10 10:20 10:30 10:40
Tuesday, Sept. 15 DEBRIS Editorial Sophs. DEBRIS Business Sophs. DEBRIS Photography Sophs. EXPONENT Editorial and Sports EXPONENT Coed Sophs. EXPONENT Business Sophs. Independent Sophomores Engineer Sophomores Pharmacist Staff Agriculturalist Staff Unlpn Workers Unipn Coed Workers Alpha Lambda Delta Camera Club Activity Bureau Workers Student Senate A.W.S. Sophomores Forensic Managers Varsity Debate Freshman Debate Coed Debate Aeromodelers Alpha Zeta
Wednesday, Sept. 16
7:00
Alpha Phi Omega
7:10
Gold Peppers
7:20
Ceres
7:30
Chi Epsilon
7:40
Delta Rho Kappa
7:50
Eta Kappa Nu
8:00
Kappa Delta Pi
8:10
Kappa Psi
8:20
Omicron Nu
8:30
Phi Lambda Upsilon
8:40
Pi Tau Sigma
8:50
Sigma Delta Chi
9:00
Sigma Delta Psi
9:10
Tau Beta Pi
9:20
Tau Kappa Alpha
9:30
Theta Alpha Phi
9:40
Zi Sigma Pi
9:50
Purdue Players
10:00
Playshop
10:10
Gimlet
10:20
Reamers
10:30
Skull and Crescent
10:40
Catalyst
MEN
Thursday, Sept. 17 Agricultural Education Society American Institute of Electrical Engineers American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers American Society of Mechanical Engineers Chinese Students Club Cosmopolitan Club Dairy Club Dolphin Club Triton Club Forestry Club Virginia C. Meredith Club Horticultural Society Society of Automotive Engineers Modern Dance Club Y.W.C.A. American Society of Civil Engineers American Institute of Chemical Engineers Hoof and Horn Poultry Club PLEASE WEAR COATS AND TIES