* <
'}
/
; Mexican. President I . Manuel Camacho o/roc/®J Xi * Faces Social Unrest m! ^octn«f^</ m /&8^ jg £)af/y St*tcm i^08 / , ^ : Inaugural Address, Approves Gains Of volume 52, No. 72 West Lafayette. Indiana Tuesday, December 3, 1940 ^ Mexican Revolution, But Denies He ^ ^ FYnrfcnnnF Tn ronrltirt fAinmic Pnll The Chicago Daily News, Inc . FOl HOHOrS TOHltlht ■W %iWllViMVii ■ Wil Mexico Dec. 2.—Gen. Manuel Avila Camacho, M ■ R # * f ^ A M ^ 0^ * . =3:!=*““"^“ AisMi4C(mw Qf Studciit Vicws Of War Service The new President’s inaugural address, while text- Each Speaker To Give ually approving the gains of the Mexican “revolution,” O/llAf which have been in effect since 1910, also indicated that Seven Minute Speech ^ IndGOendent ^SlhAllAff A Hf I IniAll ^tnGt V# OIIGyGS txGpOn $ he would be bound by no^precedents in so far as his Six selected speakers from twen- w^w ■JllllUUvIlv wl UlllUllf m a a • government’s policies are concerned. ty-seven Speech 14 sections'will 7 III ^ If o/ffflT'AAl* Referring to the fiscal efforts of the preceding ad- compete for top honors in the fin- * CrilfC/lfSTOrr f UlTI/ Ms||l III TaiIc FASlflirAfl * wCfHJ V k/flJifltWWf ministrations, he promised a “consolidation of the ma- als of the semi-annual speech con- ^ m ■ IMCIII III ICIIIj|r IvUlllIvU j i j u terial and spiritual social gains.” This is interpreted as vocatios tonight in Fowler Hall at 0/313 ^jQGK Fdod many men now m announcing a slowing down process of the extremism TslS. ' jn HailfA nArnFilfiAIIC college would volunteer, how many would wait of his predecessor, lazaro Cardenas, which, while it has Business projects are the subjects Progressive and Boilermaker pol- MQIIlv 1/CI.UI ailUIIJ ’ increased general activity, has increased taxes, reduced of the speeches. The convocatioH is iticians will have a clear field, in „ . 4. 4.1. tt • w 1 t-i 1.1 ^ mi j- -i. i. ^ frnntinued on nap.e.4i part of the regular curriculum of their battle for votes in the forth- Decorations for the Union For^l Starting Friday the Exponent Will distribute 0 P g ) ' V the Speech 14 course. Each class coming Prom and Gala Week elec- b^^^heTe^oSt^r^rmSSr thousand questionnaires to a large cross- , <• Next Two Weeks Are Crucial tions. No unafRliated or independent The ba^ckdrop beMnd tL b^dsW section of University students to determine the * “The next week or two are considered to be extreme- Jo go to the preliminaries P®^? silhouette viewpoint of those on this campUS in regard to ly important ones that may have a determining effect ^ ® y-seven spea rs , j,. vp»tprdav at K oVlnek Rntb front view of the Union, this pertinent question. on the course of the war, cab es Helen Kirkpatrick members of the major parties have already nomin- ^hfie the front of the stand will de- Already sampled on university campUSes from London. The war at sea is likely to be intensified, speech department staff. ated full slates for the 13 positions + ° a gen e- throughout the nation has been student opinion air raids are reading new crescendos, and the position > .... man in tails skipping over a woman. ,, , of Spain will probably be clarified.” Finalists two committees. Osborne’s orchestra, featur- on this same question. This national survey ^ * * * The six finalists are E. L. John- The election jtself will take place j^g the singing and comedy work was taken by the Student Opinion Surveys of • Suh« Attack British Convov stone, I. S. Ulrich, C. B. Leber, T. in the Union 'Tuesday, December Qf Dick “Stinky” Rogers and Dale America, a national weekly poll of college thoughts , 4.+ 1 u 4- Ann M Ronksley and J. J. 17; regular voting machines were Jones, will furnish the incentive td sponsored by more than 160 campus newspapers, of A Bntish convoy was under attack about 400 miles McGrath. Mr. L. S. Winch of the f cured from the county being used, jance. Osborne will be making his which the Exponent is one. k west of Ireland, according to S 0 S messages received speech department will act as chair- j.h.a. second annearance on the camnus fpi, w * ii + tj mi j 4. T in New York frrim five shins all in the same localitv it. ^ 1 mi i. • secona appearance on tne campus The Exponent poll at Purdue will determme accurQ V ■ •,! 4. ’ 4.- -4.1, n • ^ speaker will be given this year when he plays at the dance atelv which this narticular Universitv thinks andnerSubmarines were said to be operating with well-aimed seven minutes for kis sneeeli ii .. AAfta > - ..t,* i tr- .j ^ i • xt. «*teiy wnicn xms-particular university xninxs, ana pertorpedoes. seven minutes for his speech. HY3tt Wl LeCtUte fearly in the haps what the typical middle-western university thinks. * * * * The audience will chose the win- f\ ' v> Cord dance when more mL « .rv . '. ^ I p n • and runner-ups. All those in- t • Lj. f 11 • ^^an a thousand couple attended. Student Opinion Surveys poll shows that nearly • Greeks Claim 5,000 Prisoners terested are invited to attend. t.b.n. / onight in Union Tickets are now on sale in front one-f««rth of aU university men throughout the nation 4 The largest number of prisoners yet taken by the of the Sweet Shop. They may be ready ,now to join the army in case of war. The Greeks in one round-up—5,000 men—^has Been seized r iL 11 II Jl T C I H. W. Hyatt will give an illus- exchanged either Thursday or Fri- ® majority of 76.5 per cent, say they would wait on the northern front, it was announced in Athens yes- r3m6r 11011911(1 10 3p69K trated talk on the subject, “Trees day of this week for programs in “**til drafted. To the question, “If the United States f terday. Their capture, it was declared, leaves a huge of Yesterday and Tomorrow,” to- the West check room of the Union. f® against Germany, ItaQ'V or Japan would gap in the Fascist Renter. ' At NOWOIBII Club MfiOtlllQ night at 7:30 in the West Lounge of The price of admission is $1.60 and y®“ ^eave school and volunteer, or wait until your term * * * V UM I ivv iiy in the’ draft?”, the following answers were ob- * • $100,00Gr,000 Goes Tq China Father Holland of St. Mary’s general public, but has been espec- hundred, b.h. tamed by national sections: New credits of $100,000,000 to China, announced by church will speak on “Why Preserve ially planned for students of for- w. . New England 46% 64-% President Roosevelt, are expected to bring about “com-, Democracy at the meeting of the estry and engineering Motion pic- Xl Dc/td Middle Atlantic 20 80 I plete revamping of China’s monetary and economic Newman Club Wednesday, at 7:30 tures in color will illustrate the lec- F « policies under the guidance of American and British room 304 in the Union. ure. held a faculty tea at the West Central 16 84 experts,” radios A. T. Steele from Shanghai. piembers and friends of the Mr. Ifygtt is Director of Conser- chapter house last Sunda/. A South 28 72 4 Newman club are invited to attend, vation. for the Indiana Coal Pro- Christmas theme was used in the Far West 28 72 (Continued on page 4) An open-forum will follow the talk, ducer’s Association, m.1.1. decorations. ALL MEN STUDENTS 23.5 76.5 ‘ Editors To Explain Work Of Freshmen ^*3*® concert choir, ciee PatHeurindHurtIn ■ On Campus Publications At 4 Today SIT' “"Zl' ' 4 L Conference Here PlayshopComedy Activity Uttice Senate Plans To Print ^-oreen Jacobson Moek ugisuture wm ^ Dl Aii ** ^ Feature 2-Day Meeting quet of the Peoria Association of Pwview This Friday MtSnS tVlGGXinQ lnflilfirlli;il Final Fvamc Will Locturo HotG ^ student legislative assembly, Commerce. This banquet is one of Pat Heuring, who was to pl^ < I IllUlf lUllCll rillQl UaCIIIIj which win function in the same the largest social events of the year one of the more important roles fIf l\ J Iff 1 Loreen Jacobson, national- manner as the state body, and a iu Peoria and is expected to draw of Playshop’s coming production I If wOClIlwf If all || U^lf^anH ^^aftanfc ly known home economist, will pre- thorough discussion of the question 'between fifteen hundred and two “What A Life,” was hurt in an 4 sent a meat cookery demonstration “Should the power of the Federal thousand people for the festivities, automobile accident last Friday Freshmqn interested in work on Student Senate will issue indi- and lecture in the Home Economics Government be increased?”, will Selections will be rendered by the night. As she is in no condition one of the University’s six student vidual copies of previous final ex- Auditorium Thursday at 3 o’clock, highlight the eleventh araual High Concert Choir and Glee Club sepa- to continue in her part, the direcbI publications will be given first-hand aminations this semester in addition This meeting, which is sponsored School Debaters’ Conference to be rately, and a group of “Gypsy Airs” ors of the play have given the role information on opportunities in to the complete course books pub- by the Virginia C. Meredith Club, held at the University this Friday be given by the two groups, to Rosemary Boyd, who was underthese organizations at the third of fished last spring, according to ten- is open to students, faculty, and and Saturday. A record registra- Morris Campbell will give a Czech- studying the part. this year’s Freshman Activity For- tative plans announced yesterday _ townspeople. tion of close to 1,000 high school oslovakian dance with vocal accom- This Friday night a special pre- * um Series this afternoon. The meet- by Richard Dibos, junior exej»a^jw^ The speaker, a member of the students from all parts of the state paniment of Choir and Glee Club. < view WiU be given for high school ing will start at 4 o’clock in the jn charge of the project. A small cooking school stalf of the National is expected. Advance registrations Several of the midwest’s major students registered for the debate biology lecture room of Stanley fee will be charged to cover the cost Dive Stock and Meat Board, will reached 868 from 76 different collegiate musical organizations Conference on the campus. Their 1 Coulter Hall. of mimeographing. demonstrate-the ^ newest and best schools on Monday. and one professional group were admission will be free upon presenRep;resentatives from each of the g 'i t B k methods of cooking meat. She will The Legislative Assembly, which auditioned by the program chair- tation of their registration badges, publications will explain briefly the emen oo s feature ideas in holiday enter- (Continued on page 4) man for the event. and according 1;o^ ^Prof. P. E. Lull I work done by freshmen in their ac- These oW exams are furnished in taining. Different dishes will be pre- approximately ^0 to 700 students tivities and answer questions on this order to satisfy the student demand pared in the demonstration and the will attend. subject. for examples from which to prepare recipes will be given. The lecture is* Aii slips' lA/sll “What A Life” is the story of R. N. Brown, editor-in-chief, will ^®r their coming finals. The books designed to be of practical value in /tIcI# Jr l\ajr Ivllllwf tj III OmO the trials and tribulations of Henry speak for the Debris, while J. C. Me- 'published last spring, which will planping and preparing three meals Aldrich and his friends. The action Elroy will represent the Engineer, also be on sale this winter^ contain- a day. a.c. AiiffXV ^x\s«xlc> takes place mostly in the offices of A. W. Adams, and 1. H. Selkowitz, ed exams for various sul^jects in lYtUy tUf \$a%JtUO ^he high school building. In tiie * editors-in-chief of the Agricultur- ^^e larger schools and curriculums, A C^JE Di’ACAnfr original New York compamy the ist and Independenl^ respectively, were not complete. The individ- MJI IL I IvJvlllj Jllrvl By Patty Ryan Henry was played by Ezra will discuss the work of their pub- '^e^l eoples are being issued to sup- —I* I ■ i kj t" prophesied in previous edi- volves the contents of this beer mug Stone who is now the star of the < lications, with Julia Cornelius, bus- plement the bdoks and to add spec- p||||| JOini MGCiIIIQ Exponent, there is now at the time of presentation. radio serial, “The Aldrich Family.** mess manager, representing the 1^1 subjects. 21 a definite prize to be given to the With encouragement this efirty Jackie Cooper played the paft of Pharmacist and R. W. Donahue, ed- Orders for the individual finals University student" branch of the dirtiest senior, meaning, of course, cord prize will be continued year Henry in the moving picture. J itor-in-chief, the Exponent. should be placed in the Senate of- American 'Society of Mechanical the senior with the dirtiest pair of after year, it was rumored among J. E. Dietrich, associate directoir This forum is sponsored by the fice this week between 4 and 6 Engineers is sponsoring a joint cords. The one qualification for the informed circles last night. As ^ of Playshop, announces that most Activities Bureau, and is in charge o’clock Wednesday, Thursday or meeting of all student engineering such dirty cords is ^that they be a matter of fact, the trophy may of the tickets foy^Thursday V of Jim Walley, junior executive, Friday afternoons. Exams will not societies tonight at 7:30 p. m. in blackened honestly, in the normal become another tradition on the old Friday are already ^ne^ but that who will introduce the speakers. be issued unless there is sufficient room 129 |Of the Electrical Engin- activities of said senior in pursuit campus. there are still plenty of tickets for I While these publications will not demand from the students in the eering Building, At this meeting, a of an education only. The judging of the contest will the Wednesday and Saturdtqr f have their regular calls for fresh- course to merit it, Dibos said. f.i.j. pound film in technicolor, “Steel, We might just as well break be done-by Mary Kay Miller, au- formances. e.w.m, man workers until the beginning of Man’s Servant,” will be shown: The down and admit that the prize will thor of the column “What They’re ^he second semester, all those inter- D#in4/in PAimlif Toarharc shdws the process of steel be given to the dirtiest-pair-of- Wearing,” ja feature of the Expon- PfQTGSSOFS I '^sted in these activities are urged DvIHOII vOUIlTy 169(1191$ manufacture and distribution from cords owner present at the annual ent, and a committee of other fe- * to attend thip forum to obtain gen- »j * i t a* ■ market. SDX Riveters Rassle on Friday, the male judges. ’ ... Amy 1. Bloye and Gertrude 4ral information, j.h.a. MCSt iBI AftS DlSCUSSlOH provide close-ups Thirteenth, in the Union. And since The rules of the contest follow: Sunderlin, of the Foods and i.i.,—. and descriptions of steel making in we’ve gone this far, there’s no upe 1. Git honest dirt (other people tiOn department, have retaimed * CORRECTION " Louise Baird of the applied a step-by-step inspection of one of keeping a secret of the fact that the report any man whose cords tom from a trip to Barret, where they ' WRH f 1 d ce will b held department and Miss Helen the largest steel mills in the coun- prize is a beer mug, made of copper, black oyer night). were judges of entered vegetable ' th Hartman, district supervisor of try. The mug will be inscribed with the ^ 2. Come to the Rassle in said plates in a contest sponsered by the I la ♦ e recrea ion rooms o ^ e , economics edpeation, held a All student engineers, faculty winner’s name and the words “Dirt^ cords and enter the conte^ Muck Crop Growers Associatloii ef 1 IT*’ **" ' *”w*8 I members and others who are inter- iest Cords” — 1940-*41. 3. Open to any senior who feels Indiana. Eighteen women ^mTi^ a *^»***1S K h' ®^ Benton County in Building ested are cordially invited to attend The one secret that is held from that his cords stand a'-chance of be- pecanqe Coun^ had winnliig plotee noonc in un ay s onen . . 2 Saturday morning. the meeting. j.f.z. all until the mgbt of the brawl in- ing the winning pair. ip the contest. jXs. 1 ' J ■»* t - . N . ! ' f « ^ I ^ „ __ „ I • I ' ' - " V * - - - — —fiaqsi 2 -JjiaiiUUii
Tuesday. December 3. 1940
fijuJtdujL £xfwtutnt
^ Sfh Colnmii
Comes rumors that everything goes not so well the length and'breadth of Europe these days. Seems that some of Adolph’s little friends are not satisfied. With black bread and frozen potatoes.
And a bond of fraternity with the third Reich. * * ♦
Up Norway way they have begun to have accidents. Like us. Things keep blowing up. Railroad, factory, and communications workers have suddenly become very careless. So Hitler has declared martial law. Which isn’t like us. He has a very puspicious nature.
Then there is one other little matter that needs investigation. Bombs keep falling on London. Which'is not so astounding. Lots of them do. The singular thing about these bombs is. They don’t go off.
Now that doesn’t quite ring true with the stories of German thoroughness. And the Krupp works is a reputable concern. There is but one solution. Some of that stuff is made by the Skoda plants. And the Czechs are careless workmen.
The Purdue Exponent Kntered as second clads matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. fublished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.^0. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager ..... Merle Hagemeyer Pul|ilicatiort Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. SkallerUp, J. L. Tinugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. . Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolari Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Trangott Issue Editor; Van Deusen Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Johnson Workers: E. Franklin, T.'Novey, J. Armstrong, J. Zinski, R. Hadley, E. McCullough, S. Peterson, A. Chatfield, J. Ramsdale, A. Worsley, B. Young, L. Brewer, M. L. Losey, B. Hoskins.
The Nazis have one consolation in hauling that use-
less explosive all the way to London, though. If it’s no good. It’s a cinch the British can’t use it.—dkh
College Men And War
Editor’s Note: The following editorial written by Allen Bailey appeared in the Delphi Citizen of November 28. We reprint it here as an American editor’s opinion of American college youth. Bailey is himself a former college student. Becav^e oi the length of Bailey’s editorial we cannot answer his indictment in today’s paper but we shall answer him tomorrow. Here is a little editorial on the subject of the war as it affects, or, more correctly, does not affect, the college campus. I am writing it in first person because it expresses my own personal opinion. I have just finished reading correspondence from a representative cross-section of the undergraduates of the country in reply to a recent pro-war article which appeared in the Atlantic monthly. The letters reveal, as might be expected, that isolationists rule supreme on the campus. The college youths are deeply moved by any politician who inveighs tearfully against those who are scheming to send mother’s darling boy to die in the shambles of a foreign war, but they have long regarded such sentimentalists as Patrick Henry and John Paul Jones with suspicion. While enjoying the blessing of peace and the opportunity for study amid the Hollywood splendor of the American campus, the youth of today write their bitter disillusionment. Somebody has failed them. They are a poor, sad lot of depression victims. They have, to judge from the attitude of the college journalists, about lost faith in everybody and everything, including democracy. For them, as With millions of other Americans, there is no longer any right and wrong in affairs between nations. There ^ are no moral values at stake in this war. If they favor aid to Britain, it is not because BritaiA is right and Germany is wrong, but because such aid will more likely save their own skins. They are immune to sympathy and are open-minded about Hitler and his plans of conquest. ' College men are at present exempt from Selective Service. Why? A year in camp would go a long way toward tempering their' cynicism. Those who wouldn’t go willijigly should be yanked away from their bridge tables by their hair and given an introduction, long overdue, to the world of 1940.
Charter Pendragons Will Banquet In Union
Newly forined Pendragon club of Cary Hall will give a banquet for its fourteen charter members tomorrow night at 6:30 in room 334 of the Union.
cause of their scholastic, athletic, and extra-curricular records to join the club. These men are: Elbert S. Bohlin, Edward Ef. Cooper, Willard R. Fabing, William Parber, Brage Golding, William D. Knepper, G. Franklin Montgomery, Thomas A. Mullett, Clarence H. Myers, John W. Post, Francis E. Reese, Lloyd B. Richardson, Robert W. Snois, and Robert B. Stecker. b.h.
Five Co-ed Debaters Speak At Conference
J!b9 program will feature R. B.
Shews
Stewart, University Controller, rs the main speaker, and the Cary Club Octette, an outgrowth of the Cary
monies.
Started Last May The Pendragon club was organized last May in order to honor the most all-around outstanding men in the Halls.' Since the club’s origination, fourteen have been chosen be-
The University of Minnesota has opened a <;jiass in new methods in home landscaping.
The late Don L. Cove, former mayor of Lincoln, Neb., bequeathed, $25,000 each to the Universities of Nebraska and Iowa for student loan funds.
Five University co-ed debaters attended the Big Ten Conference, which was held Friday and Saturday at Wadison, Wis. Those attending were: Jane Ostrander, Peggy Howard, Janette Morehouse, Charlotte Finney, Prances Estep, and the co-ed debate 'coach, Mrs. Leland Winch. The main topic discussed was “Limitations of Enrollment in Western Conference Universities.” A general meeting opened the conference. Round table discussions were held as main features of the program, one of which was broadcast over a national hook-up. e.f.
The Ratio — 3.93 .. to 1
For my part F believe the boys in the CCC camps are entitled to more respect and admiration than the young men who are wasting their time and their dad’s money in the coke departments and dance Ifa,lls of the universities. They have a greater love of their country and a greater appreciation of their opportunities. And I’d have to see proof before I’m convinced that their I. Q. isn’t higher. If the country had to depend on the university men fPr its defense (which, thank God, it does not), the U. B. would be a soft touch for Guatemala. The undergraduate’s only sustaining interest is in the blonde who sits next to him and his only dreahis revolve around the hope of making a million dollar^ just as soon as possible after graduation. This new college generation can have its laugh about “saving the world for democracy,” but I believe that in the scale of history one R. A. F. pilot will outweigh a full thousand of them. And one company of Greek soldiers, skirts and all, is worth as much in today’s world as a campus full of poker-playing, class-cut-ting, draft-ducking college heroes. There are exceptions which remove some of the stain from the teachers, parents, preachers and writers who have brought up this collection of moral delinquents, who shout about their rights, but change the subject when somebody mentions their duty. There are young men who will gladly serve whenever and wherever they are needed. There are those among the college students who would stake their lives for the ideals in which they believe and be grateful for the opportunity. They have the same love of their country as the young English aviator, lately dead, who wrote these words to his mother: “Those who serve England must expect nothing from her; we debase ourselves if we regard our country as merely a place in which to eat and sleep. ... We are faced with the greatest organized challenge to Christianity and civilization that the world has ever seen, and I count myself lucky and honored to be at the right age and fully trained to throw my full weight into the scale. For this I have to thank you. ... I have no fear of death, only a queer elation.” fe A sentimentalist, perhaps, but the kind of sentimentalist who will save the world from darkness if it is to be saved.—A. B.
Here’s a story that touches the heart, people. Tragedy that has a happy ending. Last Friday night, a car full of Kappas and Phi Gams met with disaster. It wasn’t a very bad accident but it shook everyone up and knocked two teeth out of Pat Heuring’s head. They, were all taken to the hospital and it was hei’e that the merger that has been expected ^for some time took place. Pat took Phi Gam Babe Meuller’s pin. Babe has good reason to thank his lucky stars for that accident—■it was the determining factor. Sig Eps Are Papa Believe it or not, ^we have a ' blessed event on the campus. The Sig Eps have^become a father and to the cutest little mutt you ever saw in your life. He’s part Scotty so they named him 6^ril McWhab Epsilon. He’s already made quite a name for himself around liere. The other night Rip Landers slept downstairs on the couch and Mac slept with him. The next morning, Johnny Keeler was telling his friend Katie Bertsch about it and Katie made the remark that if she were a dog she be darned if she’d sleep with a Sig Ep. Haw! Woman’s World The poo^ girls in the practice houses certainly do have their troubles with the faculty. Dr. McKee was visiting one of the practice
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
SLIGHTLY USED
PHONOGRAPH RECORDS 10,^
LATEST POPULAR
TUNES
NOW SHOWING
^HELEN HADIO PARRIfH EXTRA! MARCH OF TIMES On Foreign Newsfronts
houses for dinner the other night and after dinner he brazenly pulled out an old pipe and began to puff ontt. The girls and their instructor used all their art of frowning to no avail and finally had to bluntly ask him to cut it out or^ put it out which ever you prefer. Not to be daunted by a mere university rule, the Doc tried argument, but you know how arguments with women always come out. That’s right, he had to wait imtil he got home.
HE Representatives Begin Campus Training Program
Peppy Corpse / Screwy serenades seem to be the order of the day around here this year. The Phi Kappas went to a new low the other night when they bedded Jerry Meuller in a nice comfortable cofiiii and carried him over to the Delta Gam house for his pin serenade. When Miss Carr appeared she was handed a hammer and given the directions as to how to open the dam thing. When she finally succeeded in extricating Jerry, he leaped out and planted a luscious smackeroo on the young lady that lasted for the duration of the pin song. Some kisser we call him.
Home economics, representatives of Knox, Orange, Owen, and Pulaski^ counties began a training school on the campus for the purpose of making mattresses for needy families and using up sOifie of the cotton surplus. H the project produces the expected results in these four counties, it will.be expanded to a statewide basis.
University of Wisconsin has a Male-Order Dating Bureau.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
i
TODAY-WEDNESDAY — 2 SWELL HITS —
TOW imi MU CHATTERI Tout KHHS MU CLATTER I TOM SUN Will dUHEPt TOUR HEABT Will LEAP!
SHOCK-CRAMMED PUNCH-PACKED THRILLER-CHILLER!
MCR fORAN«PE6GY MORAN'WAlUa fORD CECIL KElUWAYt* EDUARDO CIANNEILI GEORGE ZUCCO • TOM TYLER
* t-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Hein St. / Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware . ^
• Jewelers
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware \(/e Have it Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENfiACH Jeweler and Optometrist N 504. Main St.
Hfys Jewelry G). i'Flne Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OP SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—-Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
A if
.r
y
fijuAdttSL £xpum£nt
Tuesday# December 3# 1940
fioifsti SfutJdtA
Ad
lllusiDin
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Down at Ohio State University, student body, underclass members of the grid squad, townspeople, and alumni are really raising “neb” about the Buckeye’s past season. The sports editor of the campus daily, which is a bigger paper than the Exponent, is no doubt giving the subordinates! of^ head coach Schmidt more than a few gray hairs—if they have any left, t • —I-I— Rather interested in the Ohio State affair due to a poor season with a prognosticated “national champion,” we have followed every one of the campcs papers at the Buckeye school, and from the print of that paper’s sports editor, I believe he’s one I of these few writers who believe in writing facts as he calls them. —I-I— While at the Ohio-Purdue error this season I met John Dietrich, the Ohio State sport’s editor and he seemed like “a healthy kid to have around,” but I’m afraid the coaches are finding out different. John seems to think that he should write all he hears, regardless of source, rumor or not, so that he can build up reader interest. ^ —I-I— Here’s what John wrote in yesterday’s edition: “When the hot air has Mowed off, and the harried men who conduct athletics at the school can spend less time denying rumors and more time in solving problems, I can lean back and recall with satisfaction the helping hand you gave your school whose interest you al-
Trackmen Meet Today In Fieldhouse A! 4:30 All former members of the varsity track team and all prospective members are urged to give their special attention to a meeting to be held today at 4:30 p. m. in roq|h 106 of the Fieldhouse. Coach Phillips expects a group of about sixty-five candidates to work out in preparation for the indoor track schedule which will commence shortly after Christmas vacation. The annual Big Ten indoor track meet is to be held at the University this year and practice will be devoted to preparation for this sport highlight, w.h.h. ways have at heart.” Sounds like a real boy? —I-I— To get to the point, John has ceased his panning o| Coach Schmidt and now writes that what the Buckeyes need is a line coach who can teach the Ohio Staters the art of dealing with teams like Michigan. Ji^st why did Dietrich suddenly abahdon his attack on the throne. Maybe Mr. Schmidt got Johnnie in the corner and whispered some of that diplomatic, naive advice in his ear about “sticking to his organization.” Anyway, the Ohio line coach IS on the block at present. —I-I— Isn’t that just it. If the backs gain ground, praise is heaped upon the carriers; if they gain minus yardage, an anvil chorus from Texas to Poughkeepsie starts ringing for the forwards. Exactly 3,000 more * *or less persons have asked us about the Purdue situation—I know less than you, nothing adds up to nothing; so nothing makes any sense. Our espionage system is a flop. > —1-1=--They tell us that moons are beautiful when they’re full. We couldn’t appreciate that, however, unless we had a date with a languidy, glamorous blond—and then what’d we be doing look|ng at the moon? Don’t ask me about coaches, either.
CONVENIENT For Your Guests on the Corner .of the Campus and in The Center ' of , ACTIVITY Yet Pleasant, Quiet i and COMFORTABLE Make Reservations ' Now / THE UNION CLUB JhSL fijU/udjUA^ ^Ylflsum^LaL UnwfL The Comer of the Cadpus— Yet the Center of Activities
Physical Education Association Meeting ' To Discuss Defense Importance-,of physical education in national defense will be discussed at the regular meeting of the seventh district of the Indiana Physical Education Association tonight at 7:15 o’clock in room 263 of the Union. The meeting will be attended by high school principals and physical education teachers frdm Carroll, Clinton, Montgomery, White, Benton, Fountain, Warren, aiid Tippecanoe counties. Discussion will center on the Schwert Bill which was recently introduced in Congress in an effort to secure the appropriation of funds to assist states in promoting health and physical education and recreation in schools and camps. Frank Stafford, assistant chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education of the Indiana' State Board of Health, and President E. C. Elliott, now acting as athletic director of the University, will lead the discussion, r.h. IM Schedules SQUASH Tuesday, December 3 Court 1 • 7:00 Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 8 00 Sigma Pi vs Delta Chi 9:00 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Court 2 7:00 Alpha Chi Rho vs Pi Kappa Phi 8*00 Kappa Delta Rho vs Beta Sigma
^81
9 00 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon Court 3 •
7:00 Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Chi 8.00 Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Kappa
Lambda
9 00 Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Phi
Epsilon
BASKETBALL
Tuesday, December 3 Court 1: Jim Mann
7:00 Sigma Nu vs Theta Tau Phi Kappa Psi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Beta Theta
Pi
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa
Tau
Court 2: W. B. McAdams 7:00 Theta Chi vs Delta Tau Delta 7:16 phi Gamma Delta vs Delta Upsilon 8:00—^Acacia vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8:15 Phi Kappa Sigma va Kappa Delta
Rho
Court 3: N. R. Swarts 7:00 Sigma Pi vs Phi Delta Theta 7:15 Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon / .. 8:00 Sigma Chi vs Alpha Gamma Rho 8:15 Triangle vs Sigma Alpha Mu Court) 4: H. Schwartz 7:00 Pi Kappa Phi vs Theta Xi 7:16 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Kappa 8 00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Alpha Tau Omega 8 16 Delta Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho
7:16 8:00
8:15
Racqueteets Break ’Even In Two Meets Against Oliio.Teams Coaclii Glevett took his squash charges down to Dasrton last week/end for the first varsity match of the year. After playing and losing to the Wright Field Officers’ Club in the afternoon, the team went on to nearby SpringfiMd for another meet with the YMcA squash club of, that city. The boys saved their faces in this by hitting the jackpot to the tune of 6-0. In addition to “Chief” Clevett the five who made the trip for the Boilermakers were Mann, MacMillan, Fant, Goldstein and Green. In the afternoon match the only one of these to score a win against an army man was Fant, who beat Graul 3-1. Green lost his match to McPike 3-0, Goldstein and MacMillan both lost theirs by the score of 3-2, and Mann bowed to Moore 3-1, Three Shutouts »■’ However down in Springfield the boys had a field day. Three of,,them, Goldstein, Fant and McMillan each bowled over their opponents -6-0. Mann let Dave Blitz who, incidently, played on the Riveter varsity squash team in 1938, get two games on him, but he too went on to* win his match 3-2. Green won on default and when the smoke cleared the score stood Purdue 5, Springfield 0. ' The next match will be here and will be held Saturday afternoon. It is not known yet definitely just who will start, since it was not the comptete top five which made the trip to Dayton. At present the order stands something like this: Mann, MacMillan, Smith, Fant, Adams, Goldstein, Green Kalbfleisch and Hartley. Petty New Recruit --Now thaV football season is ovei’, John Petty, who is also quite talented on the squash courts, will be out for the team. He plays a flashy two handed game, something like Bromwich of Australian tennis f^me. A long schedule has been arranged for this year’s squash season but final word on this will not be-' available until after the Intercollegiate Big Ten Conference this coming Saturday, j.s.k. ,
The UNIVERSItY «5.oo Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a felt bindingofcontrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Bat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t*nKO. U. p. PAfENT OPFICS
are exdiisiye dealers for LEE HATS in Lidayette and West Lafayette 3^ tli«iw new stylee and •liadM before you buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2*95 to $5.00 lOOM/UNSI. ^ CUffNES SHOP INC.
Matmen Anticipate AAU Meet As First Contest Of Season In the midst of grunts and groans produced in th6 wrestling room of the Fieldhouse yesterday. Coach Reeck supervised the practice which marks an importaiff part of the practice wrestling schedule. These practice bouts are especially important since Coach Reeck is planning to make a trip to the Windy City for the annual AAU meet December 13 and 14. These meets afford an excellent opportunity to learn the strength of the squad since all of the conference schools and a number of other schools are represented. Last year a total of thirty-three schools were present. McGregory vs Beit One of the practice bouts yesterday was between McGregory, a former^^ state wrestling champion from Southport, and Tom Belt, a freshman. Both men showed a fine knowledge of wrestling fundamentals and both are an excellent addition to the team. Coach Reeck plans to take the entire varsity team and a few of the freshmen to the AAU meet in Chicago. The Boilermakers have, in past years, made an excellent showing at these meets and this year is expected to be no exception. Two Places Doubtful Every weight is well repiesented on this year’s team with the exception of the 15S and the 175 pound classes. However, Coach Reeck experts to fill these vacancies before the duration of the season, w.h.h. Greek Swimmers Meet lomorrow Afternoon Tomorrow at 4:10 p. m. in the Fieldhouse a record number of fraternities are expected to^iarticipate in the dnnu^ Intramural swimming meet. Pi Kappa Alpha, winner; and Kappa Sigma, runner-up, in last year’s meet, will again provide strong' competition for the crown. This year, as an experiment, the meet will be run off in one day instead of the usual two. The number
Aquacade Results Enliven Tankmen For Coming Season With the fourth annual Aquacade behind them, Coach Dick Papenguth and his varsity tankmen, inspired by the results of Iasi week-end’s show, are looking forward to a very successful season. Mentor Papenguth, m asserting that this year’s event was more successful than ever before, stated also that the Boilermaker swimmers were gunning for many records which were sure to be broken during the coming season. The team members, spurred on by the performances at the Aquacade in which some fifteen records were shattered, are working toward a top-notch season’s record. $300 Profit This year the Aquacade, sponsored by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, had a larger turn-out than ever before, netting approximately $300 in profits.. Coach Papenguth and his proteges were enthused greatly over the success of the show. Thursday, December 19th, the waterbugs will pull out of .-Lafayette in station wagons, bound for Florida where sixteen of the tankmen will undergo a two week’s strenuous build-up campaign, engaging in the annual East-West Swimming Meet during their stay. Coach Papenguth and family. Dean F. I. Goldsmith, and Patty Aspinall, world’s breast-stroke queen, will accompany the team. Meet N. U. Jan. 11 Returning hack to the snowy winter climate from the southern sunshine, the team will again go indoors when it meets the Northwestern tank squad January 11th, at Chicago. Coach Papenguth said that for this reason the Riveter swimmers will be ^at a slight disadvantage, but hope to overcome this by continuous sprint work-outs while in Florida, in order to build up a winning stride to overcome the Big Ten foe. d.e.b.
of events that any one man may enter is limited to three, and not more than two men from a fratemitjr may enter a single event.
SPECIAL THIS
VALUES WEEK
One of the most danceable sandals In our entire stock, is this cross strap model, wifh open toe and shank.
From now through March, you'll have occasions galore to wear these lovely evening slippers. All colors. Width AAA to B. Sizes 3-9.
Regular $3.95 and $4.95 Values for only - $2^ ALAN'S
TheSlyUCorm
Main m FShmhAA ►
fijo^ 4 -Sditii
\
Tuesday, December 3, 1940
S^uhduL £xp^omttL
?K
■. '‘<f
1^1'
rv
■I: ;
Foundation Dedicates Westminster Student
'39 Home Ec 6rad Takes
All members please be present. —LUERS.
Church Next Sunday
Dedication of the Westminster Student Church next Sunday after* noon will climax many years’ work of the Foundation to obtain a church. During the past year, those who have passed along Grant street have noticed the construction of a new church on the corner of North and Grant street. This church, now completed, is the result of the efforts of the Westminster Foundation. The organization of the church, except for Rev. Findley and student pastor, Robert Thomas, is composed entirely of students. There are only two or three churches of this kind in the United States. Just Finished The lower floors have been in use since classes started this fall, but the chapel had not been finished until just recently! The church, of Georgian architecture, was designed by Walter Seholer, and constructed by A. E'. Kemmer, It is of red brick structure, trimmed with Bedford limestone. The lower floors are used for student activities, while the chapel is located on the second floor. The chapel is capable of seating 340 persons. There is an open chancel and altar with pews located on either side for the choir.
High School Debate
(Continued from page 1)
Chi Epsilon
Washington Fashion Post
Betty Driscoll, SE ’39, left Saturday for Washington, D. C., where she has a position as fashion editor of the Washington Post. Since her graduation Miss Driscoll has been employed in the advertising department of H. P. Wasson and Company in Indianapolis. Her work will in-, elude semi-annual visits to Nevst York to attend fashion openings as tvell as writing, and she will have charge of style shows under the sponsorship of the Washington Post. m.f.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 801. Please contact me at once. —SONESON. #
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 13. —OWEN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Tuesday, December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. Be there and bring money for transportation if you intend to take Chicago trip. —^HOLCOMB.
AIChE: Student chapter bulletins and membership cards may be obtained in Dr. Shreve’s office in the Chem and Met building. 12-4 —KRAYBILL.
Buffalo Purdue Club: Meeting of all students from Buffalo and western New York Tuesday, December 3, at 7:80 p, m. in room 304 of the Union. —BAUMAN.
Classified Ads
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 in Union. All members please be prompt. —GERSTUNG.
FOB SAI^ Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
Student Senate Members: Meeting in Senate office on Tuesday, Dec. 3, at 7:30 p. m. —LAYSON.
For Sale: Used car in good running condition. Has heater, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $57. Phone 76793.
Horticulture: Please get tickets fpr banquet from McCracker or myself immediately. The banquet will be held in the Home Economics building, Wednesday, December 4, at 6 p. m. —RESNER.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
WSGA Independent: Co-ed House Presidents council will meet Tuesday, December 3, at 7 p. m. in the WSGA office. —DOHERTY.
Room for Rent: Double or single, 606 W. Stadium, Tel. 41344.
Lost: Week-end of Homecoming, Indiana game, one Alpha Xi Delta sorority pin. Will finder pleace call Thomson, 3301. Reward.
ASCE: Meeting at 7:30 Wednesday, December 4, in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Professor Rutledge will speak and show movies concerning soil mechanics. McCAMMON.
Notices
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting in Union tonight, 7:15. Ask at West desk for room number. —McHAFFIE.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting of the camera club committee Tuesday, Doc. 3, at 4 :16 p. m. The following sophomores are expected to report: Carley, Clark, Craig, Decker, Fisher, Graham, Jones, Kemper, King, Lupton, and Robinson. This committee was formerly Hepburn’s. —TAFEL.
is made up of 62 “Senators” and 195 “Representatives” elected by their respective student bodies, will consider 58 bills drawn up by the high schools on 20 different topics. The bills will be referred to committees selected from the “House” and “Senate.” Opens Friday The conference will open Friday morning with the first sessions of the legislative assembly, which will continue through the early part of the afternoon. Later the entire group will hear an intercollegiate debate between Purdue and Michigan on the Federal power increase question. The critique of the debate will be given by Prof. E. C. Buehler, director of debate at the University of Kansas. In the evening, F. H. Van Orman of Evansville, former Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, will be the principal speaker at a banquet presided over by Dr. George E. Davis, of the University. Later the youngsters will be guests at a special performance of “What A Life” by the Purdue Playshop. President E. C. Elliott will be the speaker at a noon luncheon Saturday while final sessions of the legislative assembly and a dramatized debate will bring the conference to a close in the afternoon. e.f.
Speech 16-A Students: Schedule for the speeches is posted on class door. —CARMICHAEL.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, December 4, at 7:80 in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Football Ushers and Rolice: Please turn in badge and collect pay at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse at once. —LOMMEL.
Triton Swimming Club: No meeting tonight. —BBMIS.
All Sophomores: Men who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at 'the Armory. -TORMEY.
Co-ed Rifiery: Intramural competition December 16 and 17. Each team must have five girls with fiive practices in order to compete. Make-up will be held each night until December 12. —BLAGRAVE.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFarland’s office in Education building. —SIMPSON.
Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. Full attendance is required. —DERADENSTOTT.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 307. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7 ;30 p. m.. room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Gold Peppers: Please turn passports in to Ruth Bennett at the Union office Tuesday, December 3, so thaa basketball seats may be reserved. —CARROLL.
All Students; Anyone desiring to buy individual copies of past final examination.s may place tentative orders in the Student Senate office between 4 and 6 p. m. Wednesday till Friday, December 4 to 6. '—DIBOS.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Meeting of all active members at 7 :l6 Wednesday, December 4, in Room 106 of Chemistry Building. Election of pledges. —CROG.
Newman Club: Communion at 9:30 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8. Not December 1, as previously announced. Debris pictures will be taken at
. . . national Civil Engineering honorary fraternity held its initiation for the first semester, 1940-41, at a banquet held in the Union building last Sunday. Professor “Charlie” Murphy was the principal speaker. The following initiates for the fall w,ere 'announced: A. L. Sams, R. O. Fisher, W. D. Erick, W. E. McCoglin, G. W. Comer, G. S. Hariris, Robert Warren, R. J. Horth, J. E. Faut, Laddie Stahl, W. A. Brown.
‘REST ASSURED’
ext
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
RESTORES
LIFE
TO FABRICS
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
Crown Laundry
r I M C CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Mexican President Faces Unrest
(Contifiued from page 1)
exports, frightened needed foreign capital, and left a handsome budgetaty deficit. Interpreting middle-class, middle-of-the-road sentiment, the new President sail that capital will be assured “every legitimate profit.” In a gracious gesture to retiring ]li*resident Lazaro Cardenas, Avilo Camacho expressed the “profound thanks” of -the Mexican people for the work done in the preceding six years. Beneath the surface friendliness, however, it was apparent that both incoming and 'outgoing executives were' under considerable strain. Some justification for strain can be found in the declarations issued to the press by the retiring President. Timed to appear on the morning of the inaugural, the interview contained one of those curious roundabout warnings occasionally found in Latin-American politics. Cardenas is quoted as saying that “nothing a new administration may do will be considered as a correction of his own actions, since each government is responsible for its own acts.” What, in fact, Senor Cardenas said was: “I won’t take any action of the new government as a personal insult, but every government will be held responsible by the people. I cannot, of course, control public indignation.” The threat is veiled but the invitation to follow the lead he has set is clear.
a grand total of 3,006 Axis planes counted as destroyed since the war began over Britain.
• Petain Gives Warning In Far East In the undeclared war between French Indo-China and Thailand, Hanoi reports a 20-minute air battle over a border town. Paul Ghali radios from Vichy that the Siamese have been handed what appears to be a last warning from the Petain government.
• Fascists Unimpressive In Air Three facts are outstanding about the Fascist aviation showing, Leland Stowe radios from the Greek front. 1. The Italians are ineffective'^against military jectives. 2. Italian pilots have only distinguished themselves in terroristic attacks in unprotected citfes. 3. Italian airmen lose enthusiasm when pitted against enemy' squadrons.
• Will Hitler Go Into Greece? The idea is gaing credence in Budapest, a dispatch says, that Hitler is about to proceed against the Greeks, regardless of Mussolini’s wishes, and that the Germans will take “the short and hard road down the Balkans to Thrace/’ Reports are that Bulgarian and Yugoslav officials may go to Berlin this week. * * • '
(Continued from page 1)
• RAF Counts 3,006 Axis Planes The Royal Air Force, counting up the score in air battles over Britain, announces that in November 201 Nazi and 20 Fascist planes were shot down. This makes
• 1,000 Homeless In Southampton A German mass attack was suffered for the second successive night by Southampton, manufacturing and shipping center on Britain’s south coast. The British said that fires were under control by dawn. One thousand persons are homeless. The British bombed Lorient and Brest in France.
ing meet Tuesday, December 3, at 4 :15 p. m. in the Union office: A. Arcady, C. Lewis, W. Mahurin, B. Schallhorn, E. Leucus, R. Dannemiller, P. Stenburg. —FELLOWS.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Short pledge meeting at 7 :39 Tuesday, Dec. 3, in the old Chestnut room of the Union. Bring boxes. No uniforms. —BLACKWELL.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be an important meeting of the committee in the Armory, Tuesday, Dec. 3, at 4 p. m. —MEESB.
Independent Staff: Meeting in PIA office 7:16 p. m. Wednesday, December 6. Members of all staffs should attend. —SELKOWITZ.
Ushers and Police: The following will meet the undersigned at the southeast part of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, December 4th, at 4:00 p. m. if they wish to work at the basketball games. W. B. Sanders.
P. L. Andersen, M. W. Anderson, R. W. Anderson, J. Ll Andretich, B. Anthony, G. P, Archer, C. S. Armstrong, A. M. Arnold, R. A. Bachmann, W. B. Bqncker, B. C. Basenfelder, B. A. Beck, A. G- Berto, R. M. Bidgood, M. Blair, B. J. Brock, J. R. Brown, W. H. Buffington, G. J. Burihardt, W. 'T. Burghardt, L. G. Bussell, M. A. Byelene. W. R. Carson, M. B. Carter, A. B. Cary. J. R. Cary, R. E. Chester, I. H. Claseman, R. A. Claseman, L. M. Combs, W. G. Cook, F. R. Cortese, I, Daniels, J. B. Davisson, A. M. Denareo, C. C. Doherty, E. B. Doty, R. H. Douglass, J. M. Eggleston, C. W. Ehrlich, J. A. Emmert, W. H. Eviston, W. J. Fields, F. J. Fipila, B. L. Fisher, Jack Foster, C. L. Frederick, B. French, P. E. Friend. R. C. Gantz, W. L. GaUlke, R. C. Green, W. R. Gregory, Tom Grove, R. J. Hajzyk, C. J. Harris, B. E. Hartup, J. W. Henderson, E. C. Herschelman, J. W. Hillenbrand, H. C. Hites, E. J. Holderman, J. A. Janlsch, A. M. Jentsch, R. C. Johnson, K. W. Kahlenbeck, R. D. Keim, D. H. Kemp, L. G. King, C. G. Kjelberg, C. E. Kron, H. C. Leevy, W. L. Leifheit, A. leugo, H. W.
Lipstreu, H. M. Logan, R. E. Lucht. W. B. McAdams, F. W. McCoffry. Tom McDanold, E. M. Mclfwain, K. C. MclAughlin, M. W., MacDonald, T. F. Mangold, N. E. Mraozick, M. R. Matovina, F. T. Meakin, L. E. T. Melton, J, H. Miller, James Harold Miller, T. F. Modisett, G. Mordoh, E. J. Myers, W. Newell, E. O’Bryan, H. F. Oldse, James Paratore, C. B. Parrish, P. L. Petrich, J. Petty, C. G. Potenza. C. D. Rafferty, R. W. Rankin, C. H. Rtechenbach, F. D. Richards, J. W. Ridgeway, R. K. Robinson, A. N. Rossi, J. A. Rossi, F. T. Ruggieri, J. M. Rush, D. Schramski, H. A. Schumacher, W. H. Shelby, W. Shimer, B. Silverman, F. J. Smerke, W. F. Smith, K. Smock, F. M. Snively, V. A. Snyder, D. Southworth, R. B. Stanley, E. C. Stauber, R. F. Stattner, W. C. Stevens, R. E. Stoelting, J. W. Swantz, N. R. Swartz. H. M. Taylor, H. F, Tipreman, G. V. Toomey, W. B. VanCamp, J. N. Veca, C. G. Volkman, B. R. Warren, W. J. Waterhouse, R. J. Wente, J. H. Winchell, F. G. Witsman, W. . orick, J. right, J. A. Zehring.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 5, at 7:16 in room 303 of the Union. All members please be present. —WEGENER.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Short meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 6 p. m. in the office. —SIMPSON.
Union Music Room Committee: Follow-
'> ifs tie OAf£
• • • for cooler milder better taste. Chesterfield is the smoker’s cigarette
Hunt the world over and you can’t find the equal of Chesterfield’s right combination of Turkish and American tobaccos...the best tobaccos that grow in all of Tobaccoland. £)o you smoke the cigarette that Satisfies
Copyright 1940, Idccin&MTaf Tobacco Co.
4 i> f ^
mmm