l t T ^ i*‘' i> if *
t‘ ‘i-k'-'. '/ ^ ^ubii;lied:b‘^ByStw^t!i,0£^ftirJueUniv<^ty'' ;
rOLVMB SLTO
'—-
eni Paving Malteridls
ent paving materials, will be constri^ed on the University Airport at a cost of $112,000, it was af^nnced yesterday by G. Stanley Meikle, director of the rese^^ foundation. Construction of one runway, running south^st and northeast,
Sitarted with funds
Choir To Sing “Crucifixion” Friday Night Student Singers WM
Give Cantata in Fowler angieilo the first,
^■aad ey^hti^
H0dlAt0CF0lptk
With a presentatioh the^^v tata f'Grucifixion”, by Jehn* Stainer, the Viswicb University Choir will give the fittal cQjryocati^^ worv
edi The ond ftdw un^r
is ih the dh^etipn of the preyailiitiig " winds seven months of the year. 3,5a0 Ft. Long, 100 Ft. Wide
jSemehta^^
are among the eliwen scheduled for
, . . . . . . o wic suueuuieu lor ship of the current s^^r at; 8 use in the hrst rui^y^
o’clock Friday night in Eliza Fowt
ler. Hall, it was announced yestpr- wide. Other materials will be test^ day hy FtoL L ed as funds are mdde available^
of the . religious Convocations committee. The cantate, barely an hopr in ien0h, is one of the favorite
Passion Week seiectiohs.
Soloists for the program, selected frorn the men students of the Choir, will include Mardis Compton, Paul Worcester, and Charles Sphopp, tenors, and John Brubaker, Wendell Compton, Van Coddington, Edwin Vodicka, and Riley Shuttle-
worth, baritone and bass.
Accompanists
J. Robert Hammond and George Osborn, University students, will accompany at the piano and Organ, respectively. The program will be directed by Albert P. SteWart, University^ inusical director. “Crucifixion” was presented to an almost capacity audience in Eliza Fowler Hall two years ago. Last year the choir sang “The Seven
Last Weeds”.
Miss Earhart mil Return Not^ Aviatrix To Arrive Next Tuesday
Amelia Earhart, famous aviatrix, will return to the University next Tuesday for a visit until the; ;following Sdnday. She will hold conferences with students from tO to 12 o’clock on Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday naortiings Of that week. Appointments for these may be made through the office of the dean of women. , ^ ^ Trustees of the University will hold a luncheon in her honOr Wednesday noon. At 7:16 that night she will talk to freshman co-eds in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building and at the same time on Thumday evening she will address graduate students. Confefmiee Miss Earhart will talk on “New Ideas in Education for Women” Friday afternoon at a conference to be attended by Pres. E? C. EL liott. Dr; Harriet O'Shea, l^eanS Dorothy Stratton, Mary Matthews, C. B. Jordan, H. E. Enders, A, A. Potter, J. H. Skinner and Professors Edith Gamble and Helen Hazelton.
Scholarship Correction Raises ATO Standing
scbolarship index of Alpha Tan subject Omego for last semester has been found, causing a change in the fraternity scholarship record that was published recently. The A. T, O.’s index te 8,79 instead of 8'46^as pfer viously anhounced^ and their group ranking is raised froih 86 to 19-20. There is, accordingly, a drop of one rank for each fra^mity between
19th and 86th place.
the WPA, the commerce, and
has alread furnished b’
Bureau of Ai the Universit
The project is ^signed to test the comparative v^^ of the different materials avail&e for use' on runways, and will M future airport builders in theil^election of materials. The seconcmliunway will
be 3,606, feet; long and .100 feet
With the cOnstrnCtion of the experimental runways,' the University Airport will bOgin another important step in the testing wOrk it is novir performing in connection with
the federa^I governhient.
PIA Electidns InUnionEobby Tomdrrow
Polls Open From 12 To 8 Ft^roes ShunPubficUy Election of officers Of the Purdue Independent Association for the coming year will be held in the lobby of the Memorial Unioh Building from 12 noon until 8 o’clock tomorrowr night All members of the organization are eligble to vote. The following candidates have submitted a petition for office signed by twenty-five members and Will be voted on tomorrOw: for president: John Bowmar, Herman Hersh, Kenneth Reiner, and Harold Sennstrom; for cOred exeeutive: Regina Kellyi for vice president; I^^ Buxton Nand John Day; for secretary: Naomi Ade, Dora Mae Patterson, and Mary Wien; for treasurer, John Ward and Bill Wilhelm. “No Publicity’^ Kenneth Reiner staged last night that the P. I. A. board did not want any publicity; on the forces Which are backing the various candidatea. A. party for members of the association will be held in tke Memorial Union faculty lounge beginning at 7:30 in ord^r to allow those wkd have not as yet voted att opportunity to Cast their ballots. Games will be played and election winners will be announced as soon as the results are returned.
Bean Pertter To Speak Oh Teaching Problems ' Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the
Paetbrs Affecting Teaching”, in
ing. This is brie of a series of lec-
Dean Potter’s wide experience in Defining Co., Sherwin Williams
An error made by the office of *"® teaching profession qualifies Paint Co.. Carnegie IUinoia Stef>l
the dean of men in calculating the bim to speak ■with authority on this Co ~
ORGANIZATIONS
There ydW bo no rioti^ colume in Thihsday^ effitioui AR^ announcements con c e r n irig events up to Friday morning should be turned in not later
than 8 o'clock tonight,
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, APRIL 7, 1986
supreme court restraint against the University negative debate team in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 8 o’clock.
Forencists Will Meet
Debate Schedtited Frfr 0 O’tlbek In Elissd Fowler Midi
The Uiiiversity erf Hawaii affirmative debate team will meet the Uniyersity. negatiyg team tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall in a non-deeisiori debate. TWs will be the first time Since 1926 that a University team has debated with a team from outside the geographiaal boundaries of the United States. ’■ John Casstevens and Robert G, North, juriiors at the University of Hawaii, will present the affirmative side of the question, “Resolved, thaf Congress should be empowered to overrride by a two thirds majority vote decisions of the Supreme Court declaring federal laws unconstitutiorial.” Purdue Men Robert Rloyster and Charles Petticrew will defend the negative side for the University, Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the Englisht department, Will preside at the debate. This will be the twenty ninth debate bn the first half of the Hawaiian’s 10,000 mile tour. To date they have lost only four of
junior Ghemicals Plan Inspection Trip To GMcago
Between 80 and lOO junior chemical engineering students are expected to mbke a three-day tour of Chicago and Gary industrial plants beginning April 20, according tq « report by Prof. C, L. Lovell, of the chemical engineering department, last night. The group will leave the University Sunday aftefnoori, April 19, and will return the followirig Wednesday. The juniors taking the metallurgy option, accompmiied by Dv. Hoelscher, will go to Gary for tbe first two days and then te Chicago for the final day of the trip, 'The remaining students will sperid all three days , in Chicago under the guidance of Professors Lovell and
Serviss.'
The entire schedule for the tour
University engineeripg schools, will ijyin be cqnipleted and announced ^eak tonight at 7 o’clock on “The later. Professor Lovell said.
Seventy-three enthusiastic sopho-
room 101 of the. Education Build- mo’re and freshman, students com-
pleted a two-day trip through Chi-
tures pn the problems Pf teaching cago plants daring spring vacation inaugurated by President Elliott, with visits to thb Cortt Products
announCes^elegtion
d. W. Townsend, president; C. M.
these debates. Thei teams, acepmp anied by Prof. N, R, Becfc of thb UMiyersity of Hawaii, left Honplulu Febrimry lA and iwll returri in May after rileetirig teams from 60 colleges in AA states. When tbb Hawaiian debaters visited New York they were met by Lowell Thomas, presiderit of Tan Ka^tpa Alpha, horiorary forensic fraternity which pirovided a ban quet for team members. Other riieriibers of the squad include Clarence Charig, Frank Eustace, Robert Taira, and Homer Huapala Hayes..
Purdue Second In Tournament
The Umversity varsity debate squad won second place in the Westerri Conference debate toUmey keld at Chicago Uniyersily last Friday arid Saturday. The negative teatn, composed of Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, wbri all three of its debates while the affih matiye team," made up of Wayne Fredericks and Robert Strauss, lost three decisions. Squads from Illinois,* loWa, and Ohio State Universities tied for first position each with five victories arid one defeat. The subjpet for the debates was, “Riesblved; that Congress should be empowered to override by a two-thirds majority vote decisions of the Supreme Court dedlaring federal laws unconstitutional”. Illiiipis First Illinois Uniyeraity, with eight victories and two defeats for the eritire season including the debates of the first semester on the subject of State Mefficine, hPlds first position in the Western Conference for the season of the school year 1936 1936.
eONFERENGE STANDING
Nofthwestern did not parti-
"cipatev '■ " ■ V
The IJriiyersity negativ^^
was the only team at the confer
Broth*, o( Todw-V
OlWSmelte,.
peyer; .lost a cpt^ejrenee/Rebate. ' ^ "
Alpha Gamma Rho annonnees the Rater,; also made tbe trip tP^ the election of the fbUowing officers: Chicago temriiey. / The two teams
ij. ,. . '.J V V w « were aecompanied by Prof. P. J^^i mspecrapn rnrpngn trie ftaf^^din, viceri^Bideri^ Lull, head of the divisiPn of sptech alette ^urnal-ebn^ terday, secretary; C. D. Koch, and debate coach, L. S. Winch and day at 1:80. A limited number of
ior. Senior Engineers At 10 A. M. Pr. W. L. Batt, president of the SKP Industries, Inc., and one of the most illustrious graduates of the University, will retuni to his alma mater Thursday for an address to aO the junior and senior engineering students in the University on “Unity in the Engineering Profession”. His talk has been
scheduled
for 10 o^clock on
Thursday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall, it was announced yesterday by Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering
schools.;; V
Dr. Batt is president of the Americari Bodety pf Enginepte, being tho first Bwdue
Aceprding te: an arinouricement made yesterday E. C. Ellioft, ail junior and seriipr en^neernig stridpnts will be excused frPm their scheduled clasps to attend this lecture.
graduate to hold this ' important hprior in the eripneering profession. He has made an putsteriding success iri the industrial field as an engineering and busiriess executiiye. ;Enighted: Some years agp he Was kriighted by the ICng pf Zwederi fpr his outstanding Work iri developing the SKF Iridustries in Sweden and America. Because of his outstanding wprk since his graduation in 1907, Drv Batt was elevated to the A. S. M. E. presidency. Several year^ ago he was giveri riri borior(Gontinued on page 4)
Frpitt Bale IndeftiiiW Conimittee Will Meet Today To Decide Fate Of pTomenade
Rumprs flying around the campris yesterday lead to a belief that tlte Junipy Prpm would be postppried. Despite the assurance by R. T. HamUtqn, superinterident of building constimetipn,; that tbo^^^l^ additipn would be avafiable by tbe i*^, tbe runaor persisted and was neitber denied nor confirmed by members of the, committee in
charge.
There will be a meeting of the epmmittee today, and details of the chango, if any, in tbe date will be available in Wadnesday morriing’s Exporierit; Committee mem bars last night were reluctanti te give any inforinatiori on the Prom, and this hesitancy made the rum ors seam at least partially correct
Sanders arid his orchestra wenld play for the Purdrio Prom was
definitely chairman
stated that those in charge had made no attempts to contact the
band in questiori*
denied by
”Lefty” Martin,
Water Works Men To Meet Here Today School ForWater Plant SuperintendentsOpens
This Morning
|l00 Attend ^Banquet
State Senator Ferrb
Frineipal Speaker
Approximately 200 seniors in the school of atteicidture and mawfilterg of the Purdue Agrieriltural Alumni Asspeiatiori attended the annual banquet given by ihe latter in tihe dining room of the Home Econom-
ics Ruilding last nig^
Hoffjpoan, president of the association, presided as toastmastm. ■ StSte Senator Albert E. Periris, from Wa3fne corinty, wi^ the prin-
The announcement over a Chica- cipal speaker of the evening. Bdngp radio station recently that Jee cation, he pointed put, is more or
School
Illinois
Won
.... . ......8
Lost
'■ 2-
Dr. Gilbrelli Rietiti'iis
Iowa Prirdue . ......... ..
8 4
Hiere For Sfacirt Stay
Ohio State
.............6
: 4J'..
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, corisultant on
Wisconsin
.. ..... ....6
6
the engineering staff, arrived here
Indiana
....:....„..3
7
Sunday frorii her henie in Montclair
Michigan ...........
.. ...........3
/: 7
N. J., for a brief visit. She vdll con-
Minnesota 1.........
: 3
'■' 7.'
duct her regular classes, but will
Chicago ..............
............SI
4
leave again on Thursday, not to re-
The Tippecanoe County; Federatipn of Womeri’s clniG held a dinrier in her honor last night, following wliich Dr. Gilbreth spoke in the Trinity M. E. church auditorium ori
iver lost a cpitfe^nee debate, sigma Belfa f'hi iVi.
C, F. Ingwalspn, sophomore de-
iter, also made tbe trio to the dQlirHftl-Goufl®r OfflwiS
l^s a process of findirig out wlmt yon do not know, “The seauors
committed; should be more aware of what they
who don't know thari tlte freshmen,’' % ^ said, “And the professors should be the sainO, but to a grCater <kL
gree.” , .
Dean J H. Skinner, of the schoot of ai^icnlture iriade a shdrt^^ askirig the seniors to eontiriue te®tact with the Uniyssrsity and not to wait 26 years before commg back. J. W. Craig, semor forestry strident, made the reply and outlined the achievements of the grad-
uating class.
Other speakers introduced by the toastmaster included; David Ross, presiderit of the University board of trustees; Prof. P. C. Hockema, assistant to Pres, E. C. ERiott; Palmer Edgerto®, member of the board of trustees; Roscoe Fraser, of the Agricultural Experimmit Station; Prof. “Daddy” Troop, of the entymology department; and Harry CaldweU, distinguished Purdue ag
alumnus.
Sigma. Delta Chi b%s arr^g^ Hi for a® uispection tbrouiih the
trip on applicati^ to Hcris^
ijj iif
; The tweritsr-nmth anorial irieeiing of the Indiaria secrio® of the Ameari^ri Water Works Associatiott vdR open here today with A school for water plritit SUperinteriderits. The regular meeting in affiliation witti; ; the State Division of PriWic Healtiri will opeh toinorroW', to discuss conservation, purification, and management of water supplies, i with^ particular attention placed upon recent developnmnts iri public fire ^ -protection.' .''Pfogram:;■ The program for the school for water plant superintendents, sponsored jointly by Purdue and the association, will comprise a series Of ; addresses by Purdue staff memb^ and pracdcing engineem on priictical; phases of water plarit operation,..:. ; Among the topics to be disenrised will be operaiipri of centrHui^ pumps, meter construction a®d operatiem loss of revenue due to oversizing of ; meters, location records for mains and services, the value cd standards of practice, practiciti chlprine handling, and sub-zerri troubles;
I
_ I
IHP
immgm
rv-'
JlMrite wm be m imm mem- ^ m m mm during this wpelHMi-Tosis C54y
'■■" ;'Brit«e«d ■• Boclohd daes .jfflat4te''»t':tiie.ik»t ■MO. $&60 iiw years by cawiMy $2.5» per yt^; MM by alngle^
B«MneM PhoiM 60BS
MAIN OFElCEMie North FUfh Sta^
Edltbriai ^iMiha
Daily Stodraat PssbliditiOs& .of
EDIS)OiSIAi..STAFy''.
JB. V; Henaer
MaaasiiDE NdiMr.
AMoeiata Bidit6n„
.A. M.
Sports BdHor.
W. T. Hunt. B. H.
.C.' H. OantpbbU
G. M. Hardin. M. G. Walther N. E. Hays
Aaso^te Sports Editors^
I Assistante.',,■■.,-,■■ CSo itf
Bold and Blacik Editor.—-.—.
..D. P. Mull, K, H. Walpole. I.. D. Wo«rf
—K. A. Barnette. J. B. Brock, A. H; PoreBtor, R, P. Bfonion. O. I* Sadler. E. C. Schenk, yon aiM
■ inr—It r'l'j'i mi - I - --- j r 5os . ^fiLPDOtw
BUSINESS STAFF „ . ^ '
.... .B. P. Antonini
AdveitiBins Aesistonta
—.......1* H. Brown, R. Credt, D. C. Miller _ K. i. Hnlae
Olrealatioa Asaistanto—-
■ „ . , . ■ .'. J- G. Girard, G. B. Shields
WOMEN'S SMlW . ^ ' .. ..... Joyce WiUiamB
, , JETelen Creeeh, Edna Hutaon, Ellen Mann
. .... „ . ...„ ....Josephine FerMna
Bopbomoze ABsiatants
..J..:.. ...Jean Brown, Jean Janousek, Marjorie Xxiuis, Doris Ellen McCsrpwy, Elizabeth Fyke, Bother Turley
Tuesday, April 7, 1936.
Issue Editor—B. Melett.
Peaee Is Expensive
THERE'S ALWAYS JULY And what did yoii do during Spring vacation? Theoretical: Went swimmingplayed golfr^anced on the Beachwalk—pitched woo with the moon for inspiration. Actual: Caught pneumonia wading in the slush—damned near froze to death—^pitched woo with only a ra^atoic for InspiratidB (nice radiator ihough)^
YOU CAN’T TRUST NOBODY Iff possitoe^ We Willi© Hoflfer '^as eveh more 'wee’er whah he caled Petie Light ::L0N6» DISTANCE Saturday . night- toi tell her h© would fetch her'back to school and found that she was out for the evening. She could have gone to the show with het' sister'-^if she had a sister. He didn’t go get .her I
Editor’s Note—^The following editorial, written by Uoyd Lewis. ,of Plattsburgi Missouri, won a $6,000 scholarship award in the Elddie Cantor peace contest. ■ , •
Peace is an expensive luxury. It is so expensive that the countries have never yet been willing to pay its price. The world can have peace whenever it re^ly wants it more than anything else, but up until now men have never wanted pence as much as at the present. The price of peace is free movement of trade, free move^ ment of populations and adjustable distributions of territory. This is an expensive demand. It will not be until we see the superlative v^ue of pence that we shall be willing to meet it. At the present moment we have national trade barriers that have set up artificial and expensive systems so as to cut off from others the normal markets in which they might dispose of their goods. Our own tariff is hn example. It was adopted over the protest of fifty nations. It was one of the most difficult policies of the contemporary world making for a dislocation of normal world markets, shutting off other nations from natural outlets for their surplus products and so condemning millions of their people to live at starvation levels. We cannot escape responsibility for the resulting tendency to war. Would we fight rather than surrender the right to control our tariffs to suit our own welfare? Would Great Britain call out her army and navy before she would part with a square mfl© of her empire ? '‘niese are the questions whose answers reveal whether we are willing to pay the price of peace. My own guess is that there are some things we value more highly than peace, and this leads me to the belief that it is not until we are willing to say that we want peace more than economic or territorial or colonial advantages that we shall have ■ peace. This has produced the most enthusiastic belief of our current world, namely, that we serve our own best interest to the nation above all other. The supreme good in the mind of the average man is not the building of peace among nations, but the securing of the advantages of his own nation before that of any or all other nations. As long as this is true every mam is the raw material of an army and popular psychology supports our own economic nationalism in a tendency toward international strife. It will hot be until we are ready to put international good above national advantage that we shall be prepared for peace. The first advance on the road to peace is to recognize its cost. Peace is aii easy word to praise, but a costly one to live with. Nevertheless, it is only on the keeping the peace that we shall achieve those goals that set men free. There is no other way. There is no cheaper way.
PERFECT LIKENESS The .Loulsvill©. Times' of April- 1 ran a picture of one Walter Abbott, who miraculously escaped a fire. It really didn’t do him justice as that face would haunt a “tenement” without half trying and our little Walt could only haunt half a “tenement”. He’s young yet—give him a chance.
A New “Digest” With all the magazine ffigests BOW being published, the man on the street earnestly believes that the only possible novelty would be a miniature Digest of Digests, possibly about one square inch in dimensions complete with magnifying glass for ten cents.
Red letters spelling “Woman’s Digest”, the title of a new publication, are the only radical note on the magazine’s cover, which bears an index of contents flanked by two conservative Ionic columns which are partly hidden by the coy figures of two females, labelled, respectively Venus imdi’ai^
The inclusiph of Ventis was certainly a happy thought, for she typifies beauty, spring, and love, but it is extremely tactless of the editors; te balance her with Pandora, Who was the first mortal woman, created by the gods in a petty fit of anger as a means of revenge upon man for the theft by Prometheus of fire from Heaven. Shirthermore her inquisitiveness led her to open a forbidden box loosing all sort of:., evils and diseases on the world. Tut-tut, Mr. Editor. ;
University Men Prepare Papers For 91st AChS Meeting Prof, R. Norris SlHeve, of the school of chemical engineering, will preside over the medicinal chemistry sessions! of the ninty-first meeting of the American Chemical Society to be held at Kansas City, April 13-17. Many University staff chemists have prepared papers which are to be presented at the sessions of this meeting. Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist on the University staff, aided in arranging of symposia on the chemistry of soybeans and meat products presehted at the meeting, Professor Shreve and Sigfred M. Hauge, associate bioicheihist on experiment station staff, will represent Indiana at the sessibns of th^ council, the governing body of the society. Papers Papers dealing with agricultural chemistry have been prepared by j^of. C. L. Shrewsbury and E, fe. Johnson while Profi R. C. Gbrley and E. K. Nielson, of the chemistry department will read papers dealing wii^ biological chemistry. Prof. E. F. Degering and Prof,
r before the '
,
;
, *
of ohemioal education to ' '• with teacbihH . , _ _ a paper with Algie R.
Padgett dealing with organic chemistry. Another organic paper will be read by prof. H. B. Hass and
F. H. Norton.
Tw. physical dwmbtey,.p.rs to be read were prepared by Prof. Thomas De Vries, F. E. Visscher, E. M. Hattox, H. M.. Grubb, J. T. Chittum and Prof. Herschel Hunt. Inorganic and analytical chemistry section papers will he presented by Prof, M. G. Mellon and C. T. KsZ
line.
DEAC HAS BVBtYTHING COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
TIME TO LAUGH : Little Audrey attended a baseball game with her mother who remarked that she was thirsty, and little Audrey just laughed and laughed, ’cause she knew that there was a pitcher in the box. —swiped.
TIME TO POP \ Now t^t practically all the robbing has been done, the Prom Committee can break down and let us in on the bad news. Do we get the WLS “Hill-Billies” or are they going to move the organ from Fowler Hall over to the ballroom?
Interestingly enough, the two inside pages of the front and back covers contradict each other to a certain degree, insomuch as, iii speaking of the purpose of the magazine the editor says, hopefully, on the reverse of the cover; “Briefly, we believe that the American woman today is interested in the whole world. She wants to know how her Chinese, Norwegian, and Philippine sister feels and thinks; what she does and what her outlook is and even what she cooks.”.
. JOKE The biggest laugh of the season —One' Purdueite 't® another Pur dueite “Do w© get Good Friday off?” “Hell Mol we don’t even get a bad'Friday off.”.
That the optimistic editor’s belief is incorrect is evident in the results of a questionnaire reported on the last page. To the question, “What ten subjects are of foremost interest to women today?” women of naany fields answered thus: beauty, affection and love, economic security, youth, health, children, fashions, home, world about us, and r^emeation. 'the choices are arranged in the order of importance.
FAMOUS LAST LINES I received only One “yellow slip” —and it was only a “z”. , . —^Winco Gas.
Fair Play”
A few days before vacation a students was given five demerits for wearing a “T” shirt to a military class. Wearing of the uniform to this class was not compulsory. Action of this sort by the military department seems tyrannical, since other divisions of the University do not decree what sort of clothes the student is to wear to classes. Disciplinary action for something not included in either the written or verbal corps regulations can hardly be called fair play. The student tried to explain to the officer that he was ignorant of any existing regulation discriminating against his attire, but was ignored. The least the officer in question might have done was to have allowed him the privilege of a civil explanation. Blind discipline such as this hardly seems the proper treatment for intelligent and civilized people. -A Sophomore.
Glider QiA T® Traill Newly Elected Members The Purdue Glider Club elected four new members shortly before Spring Vacation, who will begin flight training soon. They were, H G. Bowles, Brazil; E. W. Wolcott, Batavia, 111.; W. T. Fullenvdder, Waveland; and S. E. Bellsley, Peoria, 111. Four members of the club, H. F. Dostal, A. F. Farwell, W. B. O’Neal and A. L. Wood, attempted a soar ing expedition Wednesday: of last week but were forced to the ground near South Haven, Michigan, by a blizzard. To encourage interest, the Club is holding an open meeting Wednesday night to which all ed’s and co-eds interested are invited.
First Aid Tr^nmg Course Nears Close
Stadium Entrance >en To Students
Opi
Garden Section To Meet Tomorrow Afternoon
Entrance to student parking areas on the north side of the campus may be gained only from Stadium Avenue imtil the Northwestern Avenue enteance is reopened, R. B. Steward:, University controller, announced last night. The paving of Northwestern Avenue now prevents entrance from it, but Stewart said that the gate would be re-opened as soon «8 the paving had been completed. The Grant street entrance must be kept blocked because the tunnel under construction along the road behind the Civil Building makes it dangerous for auto traffic.
“Planting for Color Harmony” will be the program subject of the garden section of the'Purdue Women’s club at its April meeting tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at the home of Mrs. W, A. Knapp. Mrs. M. W. Todd will be the speak'er. . The child study group of the Woftien’s club has postponed its meeting scheduled for tomorrow evening. The meeting will be held April 29.
Certificates will be awarded to those successfully completing the first aid course which is now in progress. This course, sponsored by the Purdue Public Safety InstiJiute, is an intensive ten-day training course, the purpose of which is to train a limited number of indt viduals as Red Cross instructors, The certificates will qualify their holders to teach both the standard and advanced courses in first aid. The course started last Wednesday and will close this Friday, April 10.
ANNOUNCES ELECTION Acacia fraternity announces the deetion of the following officers: J. if. Fore, venei^e dean; J. W. Wrigbt, senior deanj W. G. Lautz, Jnniordeeift; a tC. CalRs, secretary; W. daryj tareMurer.
In'diaHa Well Drillers* AssociatieH Meets Here ' The Indiana Well Drillers’ Association, held its annual meeting on the campus Friday, March 27, with problems of technical developments under consideration. The meeting was brought to a dose with a business B^sion in which the officers of the previous term were re-elected to serve in the saine capadties during the coming year.
LYLE E. FISHER WatchiEaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 822 Perry St. Opposite New Post Office
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as yon like it. Popular Prices
The tliinkins fieSIow ciillii A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bluk Cara for Spedsl Oecasioas 2Se per pasMiurw anr part, of the dty S02S PHONES son • YELLOW CAB CO.
Risk Beiital Clinic
PAUL A. RISK - ROBm’ G.mSK HAEOLO'J. SISK LimiB£A. SISK . 400 SchBita mat. Phena im Oeraw 4th aa4 Mala
The JOHN EURSHAU
LAW
; Ballreoisi Daii^gv ■■'" Classes:'Op^'^^ /Beginners;' We^., April l,5>-7:30 p. m;' 'Advanced.' Friday, April 17, 7:3Qp. mi Terin^lO Irasens, $6i00
Classes will be coiiipleted before Pnrdue closes. V
ALLEN’S
6th & Perry
FOUNDED 1899
:AN ■ . ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT QiKi' CASE SYSTEM
'.'m
SetiOOl ..chs@a®®9@p«
Mots: Beginning September, 1936, the afternoon course continues os o 3-year course, but the evening course changes, from o 3- to o 4-year course.
o Studenia deBiring to take tbe presoni 3-year evening course muai enter on or before July 6,2936.
CLASSES Afternoons . 4:30 Evenings i . 6:30 Lead to LL. B. and J.D. degrees. Two years' college work required for entrance. For free catalog and booklet, ''Study of Low and Proper Preporotion" address: Edward T. Lee, Dean, Box 22 315 Plymouth Court, oMoeAee.,
“The world about us” came limping' is as a bad. ninth. Apparently this unfortunate questionnaire did not disillusion the hopeful editor, or denude him of his sunny ideals, because in a rough classification of the magazine’s stories, it is apparent that eight might be said to be of international significance. The root of the matter lies in the fact that women everywhere share many fundamental interests.
ARIC
TOBAY - WEDNESDAY
! and CHARLES BICKFORD in. '‘EAST OF JAVA**
TODAY.: 'WEDNESDAY
The thirty major items of the “Woman’s Digest” are drawn from nine different countries; this tends to confirm the editor’s contention that the magazine brings the international point of view to the modern woman.
Exaisf
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Many pages are taken up with stories, essays, or articles on the age-old subjects of love, marriage, various domestic interests, and, surely an interesting commentary on today, economic security, concerning which many things wi written.
From the personal point of view, particularly interesting were the short short, “Kensington Night”, the exquisite satire entitled “Pea Green Fashions”, and the section called “Dining at Home Abroad”, which gives recipes for everjrthing from cocktails te dessert from twenty countries.
, ’ EDW. EVEREtf HORTOl^' , ■IS tflGHT BBT
AND,
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
On the whole the magazine is worth while reading for those whose time is limited, bringing together, as the Editor says, “... the American woman’s domestic interest and her interest in the wide world.”
Will y@u Have an
Easter Party?
Then let us sypiily all yuur linen needs . . . on a Rentd .Basis.
WE SUPPLY
WHY BUY?j'
Practice For Red Cross
lamtbert Nine To Make Debut On New Inteanutral,Field Diamond In an effort to launch the home baBeball season ■with ■ a victory, Coach Ward Lambert expects to send either Bob Rosser or “Lefty” Martin to the mound against Carleton College here tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock as the Purdue nine makes its debut on the new diamond at the north end of Intramurial Field, just south of the western extension of Stadium aveiipie. Rosser, a new addition to the hurliifg staff, made an impressive showing on the southern training trip> while Martin, a veteran porfe sider, appears to be rounding into shape faster: than the remainder ol the twirling aspirants. Coach Marshall Diebold’s Carleton nine, which opened its season ajgainst Illinois Saturday^^^a^ to meet Indiana this _ afternoon, is expected to give the Boilermakers all they can handle, particularly in vie'vy of the ■wetness at the plate which was shown oh the southern jaunt. :.-:,Lin6up,.'':/ The Boilermaker nine will present a viwtiy changed complexioh over last year’s combihatioi^ vdth a host of sophomores appeawng in the starting lineupi. The probable batting orders for the season’s opener follow;
Charles Lunder, captain and first baseman of the Carleton GoHege nine, Midwest Conference cham: pions for the past two s^sohs, h^o ml! lead the Minnesota: combina tion against Purdue in the home season opener tomorrow afternoon
at-'t'o’clock.,-'
PyRBUE Malaska, cf Young, If Lucas, 3b Mangas, lb Mitchell, rf ’ Krause, c Waliog, SB Pitch, 2b Rosser or Martin, p
CARLETON VanHoof, 2b Powell, cf Meissner, 3b Matteson, If Euckert, rf Lunder, lb Martin, ss Taft, e Raudenbush,p.
Umpire^Willis
University Pistol-Team
The Purdue University pistol team carried off the honors in the state ci'vilian club team pistol championship competition conducted by the Indiana Rifle Association in the National Guard Armory in Indianapolis Saturday and Sunday. The Purdue team ■won over a field of ■ten squacb with a total oi 418 points. The members of the champiohshif team who have been practie-
Domer’s Flo-wer Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone $050
liilKi
Life Saving Tests To Begin This Afternoon Practice for the annual Seiiior
Red Cross Life Saving Tests will begin this afternoon at 4 o’clock, according to Coach Larry BaBree, varsity s^wimming coach. All men seventeen years of age' or oyer are eligible for the tests which will be given the latter part of the week by students who are licensed examiners. All those men who are inter-
ested in trying out for the examin-
ation are urged to report to Coach LaBree this afternoon in the Memorial Gymnasium pool in order to get the practice under way at once.
Special emphasis has been placed on the practice and senior tests this
week because beginning April 13 and running on through'April 17,
Roy Benson, National Red Gross
Life Saving field representative, ■will be here to conduct the ad^vance instruction for license examiner tests. The examination requires ah 8 M 10 hour: course of instructibh
for preparation.
NcA::Crowii;' - Finishing up the ■volleyball season in a whirlwind style, the Delta Chi’s cleaned up the Kappa Sig’s by a 21 to 13 count and followed up their semi-final ■win by walloping the Phi Belt’s 21 to 10 in the championship game held in the Memorial Gym last night. One win wasn’t enough for one evening for the Delta Chi volleyball team. In their semi-final squabble with the Kappa Sis’s, which has been hanging in fire for some time, the Delta Chi’s were never headed, piling up a total of 21 to the Kappa Sig’s 13. They went right ahead to take, the filial arid championship match from the Phi Belt’s by the decisive score of 2l to 10. Members of the ■winning team included Bob Kessler, W. T. Sandefur, Hancock, Fitzgerald, Roelke, Harlow, and A. D. Smith.
ing for this meet for the past month and their individual scores include Segebarth, 89; Cissell, 84; Englekihg 83; Grannis, 82; Newhall, 80. Bob Cissell also took second in the individual gallery rifle matches with 464 points and :James Newhall got a second in the re-en-tries for the : individual pistol matches with a score of 93 points, only one less than the ■winner, James A. Emmert of Shelbsrville.
Linco^s Ca
mpus Corner
Harvard HAiO A LiraB BRICK mm J654 TO BUT OMUY ONE INDIAN GRADUATED/
Hn order 10 ATTEND THE 0. OF OREGON. A SrUDENT TRAVELED ALONE IJOO MILES FROM SITKA. ALASKA, IN A lb FOOT PORY/
Diamond Nine
Tilts IB Sodili La^maimirec^fMissis' sipiw Iw Midsea' sfjmVdfm
Purdue’s baseball team dropped six straight games in a practice trip during the spring vacation to Louisiana Tech and Mississippi State, the first, four games being vath Tech at Ruston and the last two ■with Mississippi State at State
College, Mississippi.
Most, of the southern teams had been p r a c tic ing outside since Christmas and were in midseason form. The Boilermakers were noticeably weak in batting and fielding. The pitchers did reasonably well Considering the amount of
practice.
The Boilermakers left for the south at the beginning of the spring vacation, ha^ving a game with Louisiana Tech every afternoon from Monday through Thurs
day. ' Scores. ■
Scores for the &st two games were the samo> Louisiana State winning both of them 7 to 2. On Wednesday Purdue lost 10 to The Boilermaker’s lone run ■was scored when i^ause hit a home run, Purdue put up a better sho^Wing Thmsday but finally lost 8 to 7 allo^wing Louisiana Tech to make a clean sweep of the four game series. That evening the Boilermakers left for State College, In the first game with Mississippi State, Prudue accounted for only three singles but made three mms when the southern team had a ■wild inning. State scored two nms in the eighth inning to ■win 4 to 3. On Saturday the last game of the series Mississippi State made four runs in the first and five in the eighth to win 14 to 1. The trip gave the team a lot of badly needed practice, and also gave the coaches a good chance to look over the new
material.
Summary of the batting aver-
I , S, , <■ Baseball Drill Regular And Practice Schedules A^ounced
ByMOffice
The appearance of baseball mitts, bats and spikes marks the beginning of the 1936 baseball season for the fraternity bush leaguers. Regular and practice game schedules were announced by the intramural
office yesterday.
Practice games get under way this afternoon on the Intramural field at 4 according to the schedule on this page. Those teams not listed ■will play Wednesday. In spite of the threatening weather the various houses have been preparing for this season and red hot competition is expected in the regular games which begin Thursday, As in previous seasons the teams are dmded in two brackets, an upper lea^e and a; l<)y%^ leagdet ^ teams hre dmded ■ in The two l^giios according; to tbeir ph^t Performances. The IpWer bracket consists of the ■weaker teams,- the best two of ■which Wfll go into the! finals with six of the best teams in
the upper di'Hsioh. V ;
Medals and a large trophy 77111; be giyett to winners of the top bnaket, ■while a smaller trophy is the prize for the ■Winners of the lo^wer bracket. Fifty paticipaflon points will be awarded to each entrant, part of these points being deducted
for late entries. ^
Upper League: Alpha Kappa Lambda, Pirathon, Delta Sigma Lambda, Delta Tan Delta, Khppa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Sigma Kappa, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sig'ma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Nu, Tau Epsilon Phi, TJau Kappa Eps^on
Theta Tail, Triangle.
Lower League: Acacia, Alpha Gamma Rho, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Pi Phi, Pi Kappa Alpha, Theta Chi, Theta Xi,
Alpha Tau Omega.
Reds Defeat Whites To End Grid Clinic For 300 Coaches A 26 to 7 oioiory'ol Ole “Re*” over the “Whites” ended the annual Purdue Football Clinie Saturday afternoon. The two teams composed of members of the varsity grid squad brought the two day program to a close. The events of the clinic brought together some 300 coaches from the middle west. Saturday preceding the intersquad game LeRoy N. Mills, of Westchester county New York, gave a demonstration of skill and accuracy in the art of kicking the pig-skin. During the morning events Mills discussed the kicking game, one of the highlights of the two day program. Working three yearling kicking pros] Vergane, Gutting, and Mont Mills demonstrated his abilii kicking out of bounds, and
goal kicking.
Talks
Besides; Mill^ discussidh riiorning eyente included a ta
was re-el^ted captain of the swiin-^ ming squad, and B. R* Stewart, of rji St. Louis, Mo,, was elected captidit.; '{i of the water polo team, it was an- , ' ^ nounced recently following a meetVemor, trtio Inu tMn m mastanding free style dash man on the. Boilermaker teams of the past two seasons, tied for third in the 60 > yard free style in the Big Ten cham-
pionships this spring.
Both Vemor and Stewart are jjun-
iors in the school of mechatt!(»l en- , .,
gmeenng.
<♦1
Chicago Bears professional
‘Wh^’s Wrong Witb the The inter-squad game featurf
bell, who played on the ■winni: “Red” team. Isbell’s shoulder
now free from the harness that Ih was forced to wear through moa of last football season due to ai injury suffered in the Nortfaw^ten
game.
t "1^, » ..
Sai&dwiclb a Drix&k
then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the.Triple XXX i ' ROOT BEER
m'-- 1
Milk is your bOst food-r^ it’s packed fiiU df nut^ tive elements ttiat jddr body needs. Eicb in mmerds and ridi in food vdiie, it’s bodj^uildmg and ^eirgy bnilding.
Texas CHRISTIAN u. MAS AN exhibit OF BIBLES VWICH INCUJ0S5 50N\E PRINTED AS FAR BACK AS 136Q
ages for five games: Player AB
R
H
O
A
E
Armon
12
0
3
4
7
6
Young
..... 14
2
3
87
1
1
Lucas ;..
26
1
1
10
16
8
Mangas
20
2
6
24
8
8
Mitchell
11
2
0
2
0
1
Krause
.....18
1
.1
22
6
2
Waling
..... 6
0
2
5
5
1
Malaska
..... 18
8
2
11
0
0
Downey .......... ....
8
0
1
0
6
0
Horan
..... 1
0
0
0
0
0
Bartz
4
0
0
0
4
1
Gardner
..... 8
1
1
0
0
0
Pitch :
..... 4
0
1
2
8
0
Sines
..... 9
1
2
6
7
7
Rosser
..... 7
1
2
0
6
1
Martin
1
0
0
1
1
0
Caldwell
..... 1
0
0
1
1
0
Holzbach
..... 1
0
0
0
0
0
Super TRY us
EDDIE YUILL
BAY WOOD
SEMOESl ■We make application pictnres for |i.2$ per dozen. Special price on Iota of flftr or more. Rembrandt Studio 105 'Vine St. W. Iiafasretto
-EEYS ■ Keys for trnnka, door locS^a. desk locka, nUrht latcliea and padlocka. Anto keys iuid bandle locka a ;8padlalty. F. Jos. Mnlbanpt & Son 209-11 North .Flfra StTMt . Phone 2828 l«fayette. Ind.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane>Pyke*Werkhoff . :C®iiipaiiy Pbone 8882
•f '-f' ^ .tf 4- 4 -4 4 BASEBALL PRACTICE .
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 -f 4 4
.Today^ .■ Diamond-
1— r-Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 2— Alpha Kappa Lanibda vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 3— -Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Chi. 4— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Delta
Tau Delta.
6— “Kappa Delta Rho vs. Kappa
Sigma.
e^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7— -Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Eap-
; .pa*'
8— ^Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa
Tail.
9— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Pi
■
10— ^Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi., 11— -Pirathon ■vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Albert W. Trippel, of Mishawaka, who received his bachelor’s" degree in agriculture in 1933 and his master’s de^ee in 1935, specializing in entomology, has accepted a position as assisitant to the state entomologist, with headquarters at Auburn.
DR. A^ M. IRION ■ Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
DRI¥E IT YOURSELFLATE MODEL SEDANS Espedally Low Rates m Long TVips REIMERS’ Driye Yourself System 314:N. 4tli'St. "; x'
We can’t miss tbat good food and OrTal Wray’s dance rhythms are refreshing whether you’ve been having the wi^ leetures, books or riveting machines pound ihto your 'ears. :
The Corner of thet Chuiptts
I
I^ iCIeavleil Suit will |t^u "Look Like a
on
Crown Cleaned Clothes are also Monite Moth Proofed at no extra charge ©2Qa?J LaUNDCV FINE C L E A N E R S OF FINE CLOTHES
Light-Fingered Gents Fail To Make Haul At Helt House An unsuccessful attempt to rdb the Delta Tau Delta house was made last Saturday night at about 10:30. The would-be robbers rang the bell, evidently to see if anybody was home, and when the bell was not answered promptly, they broke down the door, thinking the house deserted. The approach of the residents frightened them away before they could take anything.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, tent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. G. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone STTS. Lost—Black grip at Wabash depot Sunday afternoon. Initials W. T. McN. Call W. T. McNaughton,
5086. Reward.
Conductingr Class—No meeting today. —STEJWAET. Pi Tau Sigma—Meeting tonight in reception room of Union. Keception for election
of pledges. —LYNCH.
W. A. A. Hiking—Hike to W. A. A. cabin Saturday. Bring ten. cents for food and sign up in the Women’s Gym.. —DOBSON.
Y. W. C. A.—Joint new and old cabinet meeting at 4 today in Y. W. C. A. office. Not a supper meeting. —GOBBLE.
W. A. A. Tumbling-
-At 7 tonight. —WALKER.
Mai Elward, Boilermaker Netmen Speak At Oxford Several members of the Purdue basketball co-champs spoke at a co-operative dinner in honor of the Oxford basketball team held' last night at Oxford. Mai Elward, of the Purdue coaching staff, was the principal speaker on the program.
NOTICES No notices aeee^tad after ■ ».
W. A. A. Baseball—^lmi)ortant practice at 4 today. Other practices to be held "tomorrow, Thursday and Friday at 4. Two practices are necessary. —KELLEY.
W. A. A. Tennis—All co-eds interested in tennis must sign up in the Women’s Gym for intramural doubles before Thursday. —RIE'TH.
Daily Religious Services Planned For Holy Week Holy Week Services will be conducted by the University Religious Council each day this week from 12:20 to 12:50 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, Lawrence Haynes will serve as the chairman of today’s program, with Miss Mary Peterson, vocalist, and Lome Doud as the speaker. Joseph Pierce will speak. Miss Elenore Seamans, acting as chairman, and music will be furnished by Charles Cox and Ted Peucht tomorrow. Thursday, Randy Barnes will be the speaker and special music will be furnished by Dr. Graves. At the last of the meetings, Friday, Kenneth Brown will be the speaker and there will be music by the Metho dist choir.
English 1 Students, First Semester—Students who received C’s for failure in spelling, grammar, or theme-writing, should attend one of the special classes in these subiebts, before taking the next make-up examination. Attendance at these special classes is voluntary. The spelling class meets each Monday evening at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesday at 4 o'clock, in room 313 Recitation Building. The themewriting class meets Friday at 4 o’clock, in room 313, "Recitation Building. The class in theme-writing is the only and final opportunity for students with C’s in theme-writ-ing to remove this condition, regardless of who their instructor was last semester. ‘ —WYKOFF.
W. A. A. Ciolf—Sign up for individual tourneys before 6 today. —FITCH.
W. A. A. Swimming—Life saving class at 7 :30 tonight. —TUBBS.
W. A. A.—All who are track sign up by Thursday.
interested i -WALKER.
English 1 Students, Second SemesterStudents who failed the recent grammar and spelling tests are urged to attend the voluntary classes in these subjects, in order to prepare for the make-up tests. 'The spelling class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. ’The grammar class meets Wednesdays at 4 o’clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. —WYKOFF. Union Workers—Members of our committees report to sub-basement at 4. —SHOEMAKER, PUGH, JUMP, SCHOLER, QUIGGLE. Student Senate—Meeting tonight at 7:80 in Union. —STONE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Special meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 1, Union, for selection of pledges.
—SACHS.
DR. W. L. BATT— (Continued from page 1) ary doctor’s degree from Purdue. Besides his address before the student body®. Dr. Batt will address a joint meeting of the Indiana chapters of the A. S. M. E. and the Society of Automotive Engineers, to be held Thursday night in the Anthenaeum at Indianapolis. The open joint meeting at 8 o’clock will be preceded by a dinner at 6:30 at the same place. SRB
Forestry Club—Meeting tonight at 7 ;16 in room 109 of the Hort Building. Pictures of reforestation projects will be shown. —CRAIG.
Wesley Foundation—^Vesper Service this afternoon at 4:16. Prof. Gunn will speak. —KIRTLAND.
SPARRENDAHL Merctiant Tailor 507 Main St.
University Choir—Compulsory rehearsal in Fowler Hall at 4 today. —STEWART.
mill ||l|•||lllll
W. A. A.—All girls desiring sweaters or jackets for numerals or monograms meet at Women’s Gym at 4 today. —DUNWOODY.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting tonight at 7 sharp. —KELLENBERGER.
All-Engineering Honorary Banquet Committee—Meeting in peasant room at 4 today. —CISSELL.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
We are the Agents for
THE HARRY C. LEE & COMPANY FAMOUS SLOTTED THROAT TENNIS RACQUETS We Have on Hand for Your Selection the Following:
Their Autograph DeLuxe $17.00
Their Monogram Split Lai Gut Their Bat Their Dreadnaught Driver
Their Lee-Hi
....$17.00
Their Rapier
7.50
mb
Their Marathon
5.00
$15.00
Their Stadium
8.00
$15.00
Their Waverly .'.
8.00
.... 15.00
Their Good Shot
6.60
10.00
Their Monarch
4.00
10.00
Their Iroquois
2.60
All Makes of Tennis Balls from 30c to 45c
We also have a fuU line of MACGREGOR Golf Clubs—the finest in the United States Base Balls, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 H. G.“Deac” Reisner Book and College Supply Store
Discussion Group—Meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30. The subject will be “Ancient and Modern Civilization’’.
—KUEHN.
Union Workers—Members of my committee report to Jim Shoemaker in sub-base-ment at 4 today. —ANSPACH. Gold Peppers—Actives meet at Kappa house tonight at 7. Bring 78 cents. Meeting compulsory. —HU’TCHINSON. Zouaves—Drill at 4 tomorrow.
—WINTER.
Co-ed Fencing—^All girls who are taking part must be at gym at 7:16 tonight. —HADLEY. P. I. A.—Men’s chorus rehearsal tonight at 7 :16 in tower room of Union. All unorganized men invited. —^IVHITE. Eta Kappa Nu—^Formal initiation at 4:80 tomorrow, rooms 1 and 2 of Union. —BELLOWS. Glider Club—Meeting at 7 :80 tomorro'w.
—WOOD,
Each Puff Less Acid LIGHT SMOKE OF mCH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
Over a period of years, certain basic advances have been made in the selection and treatment of cigarette tobaccos for Lucky Strike Cigarettes. They include preliminary analyses of the tobacco selected; use of center leaves; the higher heat treatment of tobacco (“Toasting”’);
consideration of acid-alkaline balance, with consequent definite improvement in iavor; and controlled uniformity in the finished product. All these combine to produce a superior cigarette—a modem cigarette, a cigarette made of rich, ripebodied tobaccos—^A Light Smoke*
Copyright 1936, Tb« American Tobacco Company
li(«Ye an -
IxcMC of Acidity of other PeputarlKiB<ltCv«lfUfdiySlyili«ClgcsraH«8
■MANCI
8 ' kUC KY STR lin~
ORCSULIO VERIFIED RV INDEPENOENT CHEMICAL LABORATORIES AND RESEARCH OROUPS
- "IT’S TOASTED
//
Your throat protection - against irritation - against cough