/
-
^ •! n 1 , « ' %' ‘ )
'Spend Now; Prevent Post War Crisis'^—^See Page 2
Z-IK
Founded in 1889
xpcne^u m DaNy Since 1906
Fiying BoKerntakere To Have Two Squadrons
/
Volume 52, No.^T94w I ^ ^
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, June 3, 1941
Indiana Fire School Starts Here Today; Expect 800 To Attend Indiana firemen and fire prevention experts will meet at the University for the eighth annual Indiana Fire School to be held today through Friday. Between 600 .and 800 firemen from almost every city and town in Indiana, both volunteer and paid, and men prominent in the various fields connected with fire fighting are expected at the school. Three general fields in which ' firemen play important.^oles will be covered, fire fighting, inspection of property to prevent fires, and al^o plant protection in view of the new defense activities. There will he special sessions on rural electricfication inspection, electrical inspection of public buildings, industrial alarm systems, inspection of mercantile buildings, and importance of fire prevention in connection with the army. " Equipment On Exhibition Exhibition of many types of fire fighting equipment and other safety devices from stations all over the state will be on exhibition. Among the special features will be demonstrations on extinguis^iing incendiary bombs, extinguishing oil and infiammable liquid fires, portable equipment for fighting rural fires, the Army’s methods of fighting and preventing fires, use of gas masks, school building inspection, organization of industrial plant protection programs, and a wide variety of topics related to these general fields. Men prominent in the various fields will take part in the program and in the demonstration of equipment. Ball Games On Tap The recreational part of the program will be supplied by the “Hose Bowl Baseball Games,” with a tournament starting at 4:30 Tuesday afternoon, and ending with the final game on Thursday. Movies and round-table discussions will be held each evening in connection with fire training and fire fighting problems. -The school is under the supervision of the University Engineering department, the State Inspection Extension Department in cooperation with the Indiana Fire Marshal’sBureau, and the various firemen’s organizations in Indiana, w.g.h.
Gehrig Dies Lou Gehrig, th^ “Iron Man” who played more than 2,100 consecutive games with the New York Yankees, died yesterday evening of-the unusual form of paralysis which forced his retirement from baseball in 1939. He would have been 38 years old on June 19. Gehrig was appointed to a position on the New York parole board by Mayor LaGuardia after he had “benched” himself at the end of 14 years of play in which he had never failed to appear on first base in every game the Yankees played.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Frank Bouton, Leonia, N. J.
Brilish Face Possible Nazi Thrust At Three Near-EasternPoints By W. H. Stoneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, June 2.—^The war in the Near East moved on to its next stage today as the last British survivors from Crete abandoned the empire’s latest one-sided struggle against the Axis machine and made for the shelter of Egypt. It is assumed that the Germans will follow up Crete’s capture by further heavy blows against British positions in the Near East and that they will cpme in the immediate future. Depending upon their own appraisal of the military layout and upon the attitude of Turkey and Vichy, the blows may fall in any of three places: the British island of Cyprus, Syria, or directly on British positions in the Western Desert and Egypt proper, with Suez as the immediate objective. A Preparatory Attack The attack on Cyprus would be purely preparatory for* one or the other of two campaigns. It would be far more difficult than the capture of Crete and might be impossible unless the Germans had the support of fighters and bombers operating from Syrian airdromes. Cyprus is 250 miles from the nearest Axis air bases on the Italian island of Rhodes and it is only 160 miles from British airdromes in Palestine. But it is 160 miles from the Syrian coast and, if the Germans are well established there, they might control the air. The British have two (Continued on page 4)
Naval Aviation Board To Leave Tomorrow; Lt. Kunkel To Remain Lieutenant John H. Kunkel, ’40, Army Air Corps, announced yesterday the issuance of a final call to University students to join the “Boilermaker Squadron” being formed entirely of University students. Lieutenant Kunkel, detailed here for organization duty, will remain on the campus for several more days while the Plying Cadet examining board, now in session in the Executive Buildiilg, will leave tomorrow. After the departure of the board. Lieutenant Kunkel can be reached at the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity house. Following its departure tomorrow, the examining board will not return to the University until next fall. Expect Two Squadrons According to Lieutenant Kunkel the table of organization set up by the chief of the Air Corps calls for twenty qualified candidates for formation of a squadron. It is expected that at least two squadrons will be organized at the University. Applicants must be not less than twenty nor more than twenty-seven years of age and must have successfully completed at least two years work in a college or University. Must Pass Physical The requirement concerning college credit may be waived if the applicant passes a written examination. The applicant must also pass the physical examination now being administered by the Plying Cadet board, r.l.h.
Notice
Candidates for bachelor’s degrees, who fail to complete the requirements for graduation in June, may, if they desire, attend the Commencement Exercises. They march in the procession in a special group with the candidates of August, 1941 (not with their own class). p' and gowns are required. Such persons must give notice of their intentions at the Registrar’s office on or before Saturday, June 7. They may receive two tickets for the use of their friends, if they have not already received tickets upon payment of the diploma fee. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
i-i^From All Fronts—^ Today's Summary \ Of y/ar News Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine. • South America Irked Newspapers in Lisbon, Portugal yesterday featured official German hews agency dispatches ci^ng the discord provoked in South America by President Roosevelt’s attitude as regards the Azores. The dispatches emphasized the determination of Argentina and Brazil to avoid becoming involved in the war. • Germans Cut Rations David M. Nichol radios from Berlin that German meat rations for the four-week period beginning on Sunday are to be reduced 20 per cent in order to increase during the next year the savings made through sacrifices of the people for war expenses, experts believe to have totaled about $10,400,000,000 during the first full year of the war. • Darlan 'Most Violent' Vice-Premier Darlan of the Vichy government in his verbal attack on the British Saturday expressed himself more violently than had any other French politician against Britain since 1898, radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. The controlled French press emphasized favorable reactions to the speech on the part of Swiss and Hungarian official organs, and quoted statements purportedly made, by unnamed Americans “deploring” English “piracy.” • British Ration Clothing Helen Kirkpatrick cables from London d;hat from now on Britons will purchase clothing under a strict system of rationing. Clothing will be obtainable only upon presentation of coupons, of which 66 are issued annually to each person —enough to purchase a little more than one complete outfit for a woman or about three-fourths of a man’s outfit. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bob Buntain, Logansport, and Karl Kumlander, Gary. Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of George M. Potter, Portland, Maine, and Harold J. Schweiger, West; Lafayette.
Athletic Council Awards Letters In Four Sports Council Approves Golf As Majpr Sport; Students To Vote On Change Next Fall Letter awards to the members of Purdue’s four spring sports squa(^ baseball, track, tennis, and golf, were announced yesterday afternoon following authorization at a meeting of the insignia board of the Purdue Athletic Council. A total of 51 major letters, 10 minors, and 72 .freshman numerals were awarded in the four sports, in addition to sweaters for the newly elected officers of the Council, managers, and cheer leaders. Golf Discussed
Twenty-Five Water Works Operators Attend Short Course Water Works Short Course, sponsored jointly by the University and the Indiana State Board of Health, opened here yesterday-with more than twenty-five private and public water works operators present from towns and cities throughout the state. Purpose of the course is to discuss and teach methods of maintaining efficiency of water works systems, solution of community health problems, and prevention of epidemics of diseases caused by faulty water supplies and facilities. It is designed to provide the operators with the latest information on the recent developments in science and technology as they pertain to water works operations. The program for the short course, to end Friday, is divided into two sections one for the water works operators who have attended previous meetings and the other for operators attending for the first time, Among the visiting officials who will provide instruction are: Professors C. E. Elving, W. E. Howland, and P. A. Tretault, of the University, and J. D. Richetta and J. B. Nickel, of Indianapolis, State Board of Health officials, w.g.h. Notice Final Debris distribution will be from 1 to 5 o’clock this afternoon in the Debris business office of the Union. After that time no year books will be available until next semester.
» A discussion of golf as a major sport was held and the Council put its approval on the change. The matter will be officially decided when it is put up to a student vote early next fall. Plans for the functions of the new Council were discussed and suggestions received consideration. The complete list of awards by sports follows: Track * Majors—S. B. Anderson, Congress Park, 111.; P. B. Anthony,^ Kenilworth, 111.; A. M. Arnold, Fort Wayne; W. D. Bancker, Basking Ridge, N. J.; F. A. Britt, West Lafayette; M. R. Carter, Indianapolis; E. R. Doty, Liberty; E. H. Dodge, Warsaw; W. L. Gaulke, Hales Corners, Wis.; J. E. Grimm, Garrett; E. J. Holderman, Escanaba, Mich. R. W. Jarvis, Terre Haute; A1 Jentsch, Clifton, N. J.; R. D. Keim, West Lafayette; D. H. Kemp, Port Wayne; C. E. Kron, New Albany; K. C. McLaughlin, Indianapolis; D. W. Rankin, Winona Lake; C. C. Reeves, Dayton, Ohio; R. B. Stanley, Liberty; P. J. Suto, Perth Amboy, N. J.;' R. L, Ten Eyck, Cincinnati, Ohio; P. J, Weber, Plainfield; R. J. Wente, Hamilton, Ohio. Minors—J. L. Conant, Cleveland, Ohio; G. H. Lovell, Cincinnati, Ohio; L. R. McEachern, Wellsville, N. Y.; N. E. Marozick, Des Plaines, 111.; W. W. Stroyeck, Decatur, HI.; R. G. Bone, manager, Bryant; S. H. Wheeler, manager, San Antonio, Tex. Numerals—G. P. Archer, Fort Wayne; R. B. Barnes, Oak Park, 111.; R." D. Biesemeyer, Syracuse, N. Y.; C. E. Bosma, Beech Grove; R. B. Boughan, Walnut, Rich Hill, Mo.; R. W. Boydston, River Forest, 111.; W. E. Brovm, Bicknell; V. S. Bumidge, Elgin, 111.; C. J. Christensen, Schenectady, N. Y.; C. J. Duesler, Albitifn; R, S. Euler, North Ver(Continued on page 3)
Here Are Your Final Examination Shedules For Today. Tomorrow
Period
Day
Date
Time
16
Tues.
June 3
8-11
>
16
Tues.
June 3
1-4
17
Wed.
June 4
8-11
18
Wed.
June 4
1-4
t
Course
Division
Period
108. 108.
11.
141.
11.
18
.15 ..17 ..16 .16 .16
Agricultural Chemistry
A 16
B Agricultural Engineering All B
Agronomy
All
Animal Husbandry
21 A 113 A
Applied Design
60 A 18 61 A, B, G —.18 68 A 16
Applied Mechanics
21 1-K 16 21 S-U 17 22 D .:16 22 J 17 106 .1 A 17
Biology
20 A 16 24 A 17 131 A 18 147 A 18 162 A 16 Chemical Engineering 40 -C, D 18 142 A 16 Chemistry 3 A, B 16 3 E, P 17
Course Division Period 11 A 16 12 A-T, Z-AD 16 12 U-Y 18 24 A 16 108 A-C, I 18 Civil Engineering 6 A, B, E, P 15 22 All 16 112 A 16 144 .7:^ A 16 Clmhing and Textiles 29 A 18 30 All 18 Dairy Husbaitdry lOX All 17 10 A 18 114 A 16 Economics 1 C, P, G, M 16 11 A, P, G 16 12 C 18 12 G ...: 16 12 H 16 119 A 18 120 A 16 126 B 16 127 A 16 136 A 18 Education 4 16 4 B 18 18b All 16 Electrical Engineering 4 C, D 18 6 E 16 6 P 18 17. A 18 17 F 16
Course Division Period 19 C 16 103 All 16 English 1 A, B 18 1 D, E 16 1 H, I 16 3 A 18 3 M 17 5 A, B 18 10 A 16 19 A, B 18 19 C, D 16 19 G, H 15 27 A, B 18 27 C, D !....16 27 H-J 16 31 A 18 31 B ....' 16 31 C-E 16 31 N-P, U‘ 17 32 A 18 32 B 16 32 C 16 118 B 16 131 A 17 136 A 17 Entomology 20 A 17 103 : A 18 Farm Management 106 A 16 Foods and Nutrition 13 A^ 18 Forestry 31 A 16 113 A 16 General Engineering 16 C 17
Course 101 107 120
..16 ..16 .18 .16 .16 .18 .16 .18
Division Period A m
Geology
All Government All
History
1 A 16 B 107 C 108 A 117 A 120 A Home Administration
9 All 15 172 A 17
Horticulture
26., A 17 33 A 18 Institution Management 38 '. A 18 Materia Medica 18 All ...^. 16
Mathematics
1 G, D 18 1 G, H 17 1...... I, J 16 2 1-P 18 2 Y-AF 17 2 AG-AN 16 3 J 16 3 K 17 4 0-R 17 4 S-V 16 11 - .,..A 16 11 1-K 18 11 L-N 16
Course Division Period Mechanical Engineering 11 G, H 16 30 F, G, M 16 30 :....H, K, L, N, O ....17 31 A, B, F, G, P. Q 16 31 H, I, N, O, R* .,..17 64 B 16 64 D 16 70 B 18 93 A 18 103 All 16 172 A 16 173 All 15 Metallurgical Engineering 103 A 16 109 A 18 148 A 16 Modern Languages 22 B-D 16 22 .....E 17 42 „ B-D 16 62 C, D 17 61 A 18 62 B, C 16 62 P 17 64 17 126 A .V....18 130a A 16 160 A 18 Pharmaceutical Chemistry 8 A 16 114 A 16
Course Division Period Physical Education For Men 37a A _17 Physical Education For Women -66 A 16
Physics
1 A 15 1 B 17 lb All 18 Ic A 15 2 D, L, AA 16 2 G, I 17 2 U, V 16 21 A. 16 21 B 17 22. J), L, AA A6 22. G, I 17 22 U, V 16
Poultry Husbandry
42. 3
..16
Psychology
37.
Ptmrmaey .... ..A
.18 .18
1
.C,
..,..18
60.
JL
,.-,16
110.
JV
....15
174
A. Sociology
.™.16
60
C, D
-,..16
76.
... C
..-.16
76,
.D
.....17
76,....
P
76.
Speech
—16
7.
..-.18
14.
„..18
14
—16
14
H-K
—18
114
A
—182~£diiL
Tuesday, June 3, 1941
fijuMduiL £xf3omnt
Jimsdi^ JalL
Thursday morning edition of the Ohio State Lantern carried the report that a pre-arranged observation by students in various living quarters showed that only 15 per cent of those present at the time of the speech listened to President Roosevelt’s vital message to the people of the United States Tuesday night. In the women’s dormitories about three per cent were tuned in to the President’s speech. Furthermore, the Lantern believes that the fact that Glenn Jdiller’s program preceded it may have been one reason for the radios being on at the time. On this campus Gordon Enders in his History 130 final examination asked how many had listened to the speech, and out of 179 answers, 147 said that they had. However, it must be noted that Enders has been prodding his students all semester about their apparent lack of interest in such speeches, and it is also very probable that the students.in his class are beginning to show more interest because of the nature of the course itself. Therefore it is entirely likely that less than 25 per cent of the Purdue student body who happened to be near a radio listened to the President deliver a widely publicized and very important message on the American foreign policy, a policy that will affect directly each and every one of us. This alarming disregard extends much farther than Mr. Roosevelt’s message; few students pay more than slight attention to national and world events in these critical times. Instead, the average college student reads his favorite comics in the morning paper, turns to the sports page to see who won' yesterday’s ball games, and then if he does get to the front page, reads only the headlines and the first few sentences in the more spectacular stories. Favorite excuse for not showing more interest in the important happenings in the world today is, “We are too busy; we have to study and don’t have time to listen to the radio or read the papers.” It is very doubtful if the scholastic requirements of this University are so stiff that 30 to 45 minutes can’t be spent in
(pjuMusL £xfsbomnL Entered os second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.50. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Tratigott Business Manager Don S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Buffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H: Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J. Kieper. • Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Pliones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After^lO P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Armstrong Issue Editor: Hoskins Day Editor: Fox Night Sports Editor: Fraser Staff: W. E. Rafert, R. N. DeMars.
listening to President Roosevelt discuss the national emergency or in reading the front page of the daily paper. These events can not be gotten out of text books, and there is no excuse for such a total disregard for world happenings. Every day in Washington Congress discusses and enacts measures that are to have a vital effect on every person in the United States. We pay scant attention to them until they have been passed, and then we start to criticize and complain. Our part in the making of such acts and policies is small, but we must remember that the time to play our small part is before, not after the acts have been passed. If we do not have enough interest to listen to vital radio addresses or read the papers, we should not complain if Congress passes legislation to which we are opposed.
Editor’s Note: This editorial, written by William Baker of the Michigan Daily, is here rerinted through courtesy of the Associated Collegiate Press. Now another war worse than before. Then another depression worse than before—and what’s the world coming to? Purely aside from any supposition that we may be drawn directly into the European conflict, the very magnitude of our defense program is so great that it leaves many floundering in confusion as to how we are ever going to pull through, whether we shall be able to resume anything like a normal economic life. This view assumes that our defense program is creating and will create so many severe dislocations in our industrial system that according to most economic theorists, later readjustments cannot be made except at tremendous delay and cost. In the first place, there is no good reason to assume that the gigantic defense program will be suddenly halted even with an abrupt end of the war comparable to that of November 11,1918. A considerable portion of what we are now undertaking as defense will be long continued. Peacetime uses have been announced for new arms plants being constructed, and for bomber assembly plants. But what of this peacetime crisis, the years after the war? Take an example here. The national resources planning board finds a present need of 2,500,000 new homes. Despite a growth in homebuilding in the past two years, we have the shortage from the ten years previous. With a fair expansion, to make up this shortage after peace comes should require ten years. In a study of “Fundamental Economic Issues In National Defense,” Dr. Harold Moulton, president of the Brookings Institute, takes note of the fact that “after the World war the existing backlog of productive requirements in such lines as railroads, public utilities, and housing served to shorten the period of depression and propel us into a period of rehabilitation and expansion.” The expansion, however, praved unsound. In this emergency we have an even greater backlog, as well as the experience gained after the last war. This may be used. Dr. Moulton explains, not only in the safe working out of production problems, but of “monetary, banking, fiscal, labor, and consumption problems.” The backlog then is here. There will be a decline in business activity immediately following the war. If the decline is not too severe, this normal backlog will pull the nation through with a more stable recovery period. The time betweeh peace and the normal expansion will see a decline. Following the decline business itself, aided by the great demand accrued during the past years and by the carry-over from defense programs, will be able to expand. But what of the period in between? Here the job is government’s. There will bp a demand for spending on public works and providing for relief jobs. The expense will be great, true,^ added to the vaist debt we already have. But there is no alternative. A greater expense for a few years—then a more sound recovery and more lasting period of prosperity. We have no other choice.
THE CRUELEST WOMAN ON THE CONTINENTl
CRMFOIID-DOOGLAS wiffi CONRAD VEIDl! TODAY - WEDNESDAY MAM
-NOW PLAYING-
Waal, NowIVs Like This, Folks
... I hate to do this to you, but I just gotta. After all, it ain’t easy this time of the year to carry on the torch of knowledge. The birds is singing outside but I’m disgusted with the state this institution is cornin’ to. You all tried to rear me with love for my neighbors but when the fellow next door borrowed my last clean shirt and my next to last cigarette, well, I’ve given up. Even when Abigail plain snubbed me on the campus last week, I laid it to her near-sightedness. So, you see, I did my dernedest. Remember that course I had planned to make a “B” in ? Had the extry report all written out then some heelot down the hall copied it and turned it in before I could get mine to the professor. Gol’ dern it anyway, Pop, why can’t We keep a file here, so none of us would have to do anything original! After much serious thought ^n the general condition of the world at large, I’ve decided to jump off the top of Heavilon Hall, midnight, tomorrow eve. Don’t try to talk me out of it, ’cause I’ve already made up my mind. Just don’t see any place for me among all of these bright city-slickers. When I left the farm you and all the kin-folks told me about their cruel ways, but I didn’t believe you. Now I’m des— disel— disillusioned and losing my job of delivering papers was the crowning blow. Pop, you can have my red and blue suspenders and Ma, you take my high-school annual. Don’t think you can make any money sellin’ my books, but they have some pretty pitchers that Hubert might like to look at. But fer gosh sakes, don’t let him get ahold of my Biology
Margaret Whitcomb, a 1939 graduate, is the first girl meteorology instructor to teach at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
University of New Hampshire had an enrollment of 73 farmers for the spring short course in agriculture.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— AND — BLAZING ACTION!
PLUS
'JUNIOR G-MEN" Serial
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
roun mi your flesh creel it’s a spine-ting, litig sensation that'll leave you limp ...from thrills!
with Ellen DRI Paul LUKAS Joseph CALLEIA PLUS—^2nd Feature
. . WISE CRACK YOUR WAY OUT OF THIS ONE, MR. MICHAEL SHAYNE!
Nolan • Lynn Bari Mary Beth Hughes • Idward Brophy • Ben "Shadirach!!’ Carter
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Wesley. Foundation Holds
. , social fraternity, announces the initiation of Kenneth D. Railberg, Park Ridge, Illinois; Donald M. Schwarm, Wyoming, Ohio; Louis P. Slater, West Lafayette; and George T. Whelden, Indianapolis.
book, I was shoQked at whot they print. ^ Please' don’t sell my prize calf to the butcher-man, give her to the 4-H Club, they’ll feed her and sell rides on her at the next county • fair. I guess that’s about all, folks. Will you tell Abigail why I did it? Your loving son, John Doe. P. S.—Please send me some more money.
Summer Reception June 13 Wesley Foundation will hold a reception for all Methodist students in summfer school on Friday evenening, June 13,-at 8 o’clock at the Foundation. Elaine Horton, chairman of the affair, and her assistant, John Woliung, have announced that there will be games, special music, and refreshments for all who attend,
w.g.h.
The title, “Grand Duke of Yucatan” was conferred on Dr. E. K. Turner, professor of Latin at Emory university, 86 years ago by descendant of Maximillian.
HAVE YOU TRIED ONE OF OUR DELICIOUS CAKES?
TODAY - TOMORROW —DOUBLE FEATURE— A Story with the Fire and Fury of ts Stars! \ JAMES CAGNEY ANN SHERIDAN -incity FOR CONQUEST PLUS Wotta Gal! The Newest Thing in Gold Diggers! Sm COULD'NT SAY NO — WITH — EVE ARDEN ROGER PRYOR
THIS FELLOW TOOK ALL HIS USED BOOKS TO
HilillllBCCKMIjPHYqPfiE
‘'I
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4tB e Main Sts. Phone 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 VjS Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE • Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214 • Locksmith Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessoriM and repfiliing. MUj.HAUPrS PhoneJMS
209-11 N. 5th »t.
School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 • R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have (t Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver Sperb Hardiyare Quality Mdse.—-Right Prices 822 Main St, Phone 2777
f Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOP^COAT $30 and up^xftansmi
T^iesday, lune X 1941
Condition Of Fisher Improved After Leg. Injury Last Tuesday The condition of Riveter baseball captain Bud Fisher, who has been in the Saint Elizabeth Hospital since last Tuesday as a result of a broken leg received in a fraternity baseball game, is now much improved according to hospital reports. Fisher, a member of Phi Kappa Tau, received the injury as he was sliding into home during the course of a game being played between members of his own fraternity on the Girl’s Intramural Field opposite |;he tennis courts. Dr. Miller Performs Immediately after the injury Dr. Miller was called and he had the senior transported to his office where the leg was set temporarily until Bud could be taken to the hospital and a permanent cast put on. It was discovered that both bones of his leg were badly fractured below the knee and will have
PAC Approves Klein, Heil As Baseball Managers R. W. Klein and W. F. Neil have^ been chosen junior managers of Dutch Fehring’s baseball team for the 1942 season. D. F. Le Mastre has been selected as alternate. The managers were elected by a board of student senior managers and varsit;^ coaches with the approval of the PAC. Klein is a Theta Chi,. Neil-is a Delta Tau Delta and Le Mastre is a Phi Delta Theta, o.t.c. to be kept in a cast for several months. Fisher, who was a senior, will probably leave for home sometime next week-end. Because of the injury he will be unable to attend his graduation exercises, but will probably be able to take his last two finals in the hospital. Riveter baseball captain Fisher played in a total of 25 out of the 26 varsity encounters this past season. Starting the year as a catcher, he eventually wound up in Coach Fehring’s remodeled ball club as the short stop, a post which he held down very successfully until the completion of the season a week ago. j.s.k.
fl^tranidral Office Athletic Awards
Lists 1941 Winners
$
$
for Your
USED BOOKS and DRA^yiNG INSTRUMENTS We pay 50% in CASH fqr boo^ in good condition, which will be used at Pursue next semester.
Highest cosh price on all other books, whether used at Purdue or not. University Book Store M. C. "Red SAMMONS, ’29 R. W. "Doc” EPPLE, ’40 Across form the Union Building, Next to the College, Inn
Here are the official winners in_^ the interfraternity, ward, and Cary Hall intramural athletic programs. The participation trophy in the interfraternity division was won b/ Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. Fraternities Touchball Sigma Chi Golf Delta Tau Delta Softball Phi Kappa Tau Cross Country .... Alpha Kapl>a Lambda Squash Sigma Phi Epsilon Basketball ‘A’.. Phi Kappa Alpha Basketball ‘B’ .. Sigma Phi Ep- ' silon Volleyball Kappa Sigma Swimming Beta Theta Pi Horseshoe doubles ... Phi Kappa Mass Golf .... Alpha Tau Omega Baseball Delta Tau Delta Track, Outdoor .... Alpha Chi Rho Track, Indoor Pi Kappa Phi Tennis doubles “A” Sigma Pi Teniiis doubles “B” .. Alpha Tau ' Omega Ping Pong Theta Chi Badminton Sigma Alpha Mu Rifle Pi'Kappa Alpha Wards Softball Ward 2 Touchball Ward 25 Cross Country Ward 28 Basketball “A” Ward 21 Basketball “B” .:. Ward 17 Swimming Ward 28 Baseball Ward 25
(i
(Continued from page 1) non; N. E. Greear, Scottsburg; H. C. Hites, Dan'nlle; J. Kallok, Gary; W. A. Leudeka, Winnetka, 111.; K. L. Lynch, Warsaw. R. M. Maloney, Oak Park, HI.; S. O. Morrison, Lafayette; L. W. Myers, Indianapolis; W. Onco, East Chicago; W. R. Pope, Linton; A. H. Root, Jamestown, N. Y.; T. J. Scheurell, Delavan, Wis.; E. H. Seaton, Indianapolis; D. M. Sherwin. Port Wayne; C. V. Siegert, Princeton; D. E. Sullivan, Barrington, 111.; H. E. Thompson, Hobart; J. L. Zelibor, Gary. ""
Baseball
Majors—D. W. Blanken, Dundee, 111.; M. A. Byelene, Massillon, Ohio; W. R. Carson, Cincinnati, Ohio; W. G. Cook, Casper, Wyo.; P. L. Danowski, Mattituck, N. Y.; G. H. Doherty, Point Pleasant, N. Y.pJ. A. Emmert, Haubstadt; B. L. Fisher, Wilmette, 111.; M. C. Gantz, Indianapolis; J. A. Janisch, Union
Track Ward 12 Cary Halls • Softball C. H. 10 Basketbaft “A” C. H. 1 Bowling C. H. 11 Basketball “B” C. H. 11 Touchball*! C. H. 6 Baseball G. H. 6 Swimming C. H. 12 Horseshoe C. H. 14 Golf C. H. 11 Tennis C. H. 11
REST ASSURED'
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
J>olloivinj^ Du/u uAuat AummsUu OJL&iOJfL^ THE EXPONENT will be published for the benefit of Summer School Students and those who want mail subscriptions. 50c only 50c Receive a Full S^mtner Subscription of tfic 17 Issues Sent to Yqur Home by Mail! NO POSTAGE TO PAY — WE PAY ALL BUY NOW AT: West Desk of Union — Exponent Office Or Any of the Salesmen Covering^ the Campus
To Those Who Would Like to Get a FREE SUBSCRIPTION of the Summer School Exponent
Sell 15 subscriptions and you get one free I It’s easy! Call in at the Exponent Office today and receive your subscription blanks!
Five Trackmen Compete In Central Run Saturday Headlining the week in sports will be the 16th annual Centra! collegiate conference track and field championships which will be staged in the Marquette University stadium at Milwaukee starting this Friday. The finals will be run off on Saturday afternoon.
Mills; W. L. Leifheit, Brazil; F. W. McCaffry, Evansville; H. P. McFerren, Independence; R. J. Myers, Gary; C. M. Rawles, West Lafayette; E. B. Young, Stroh. Minors—W. B. McAdams, Bluffton; J. C. Davis, Manager, Baltimore, Md.; G. H. Kegerreis, manager, Hartford. Freshman Numerals—M. W. Anderson, Edwardsport; R. L. Baker, Peru; T. E. Burger, Dayton, Ohio; G. J. Burghardt, Wheaton, 111.; W. T. Burghardt, Wheaton, 111.; S. S. Cerreto, New London, Conn.; R. E. Chester, Vincennes; E. G. Cook, Lafayette; F. C. Hess, Argos; H. K. Hiigli, Union Mills; C. J. Hipp, Johnstown, Pa.; D. 0. Hostetler, Middlebury; R. L. Jarws, Tefre Haute; R. J. Jones, Terre Haute; R. J. McCarthy, Bronx, N. Y.; E. W. Messelhorn, Kendallville; J. H. Miller, Nappanee; H. F. Olds, Lafayette; R. J. Pechin, Lafayette; M. A. Pickel, Roachdale; R. N. Rudelic, Detroit, Mich.; C. L. Schripps, Evanston, 111.; J. R. Shoemaker, Zionsville; P. J. Sobonya, Terre Haute; J. R. Dargo, Eureka, 111.; C. W. Wright, Edwardsport. Tennis Majors—R. W. Anderson, Indianapolis; C. S. Armstrong, Kansas City, Mo.; R. E. Lucht, Hammond; F. Ricjhards, Indianapolis; R. F. Stettner, Elgin, 111.; W. M. Van Camp, West Lafayette. ' Freshman Numerals—C. J. Christensen, Schenectady, N. Y.; W. R. Dudzinski, East Chicago; M. J. Gardner, Whiting; T. F. Mangold, Burlington, la.; A. K. Pickering, Rizal, P. I.; R. S. Lichtenberg, Michigan City; E. P. Wells, Quincy, 111. Golf Minors—C. T. Curran, Gary; G. Hammond; Douglass MacDaniel, K. Dahl, Lowell; W. W. Knipp, Fostoria, Ohio. Major—R. A. Hoffer, West Lafayette. Freshman Numerals—C. K. Abernethy, South Bend; C. B. Ainsworth, West Lafayette; J. R. Bowen, Stoughton, Wis.; G. R. Boynton, Aurora, 111.; L. V. Hoffman, Franklin, Pa.; C. A. Rune, Chicago, 111.; W. H. Shelby, Lebanon; R. W. Sweetnam, Waban, Mass.; J. P. Wiske, Evansville. Other sweater awards authorized included R. E. DeGarmo, Lakewood, Ohio, cheer leader; J. N. Goll, Indianapolis, cheer manager; Frank J. Meyer, Oklahoma City, Okla^, intramural manager, and officers of the Purdue Athletic Council, including R. W. Raney, president, Chicago, 111.; J. 0. Adams, vice-president. Port Wayne; W. G. Maierhofer, sec-retary-treasurer, Ottawa, 111., and D. G. Peterson, Oak Park, 111.
Big Gathering Representing many schools from Midwestern and Southern conferences, more than 30 of the nation’s outstanding athletes will vie for-the Knute Rockne memorial trophy, symbol of supremacy awarded annually to the championship team. In addition to the John P. Nicholson trophy, awarded for a year to the meet’s outstanding athlete, a permanent team trophy will be given along with individual medals for the first five places in each of the 16 events on the program. Competition promises to be stiff as Indiana University’s Big Ten champs and Notre Dame’s powerful squad battle it out with the rest pf the field for the crown now held by Marquette. Big Ten Entries A colorful meet is in view, as entries have already been received from Michigan State,-Notre Dame, and Marquette of the Central Conference; Purdue, Ihdiana, Illinois, Wisconsin and Miimesota of the Western Conference, and Loyola, Butler, and Earlham. Five men will uphold the Boilermakers efforts in the meet, with Captain Ed Holderman running his favorite event, the mile run. Cap-tain-elect Burt Anthony participating in the 440 yard dash, AI Jentsch in the half mile, and Bill Bancker and Bill Gaulke handling the 220 and 100 yard dashes respectively. After competing in their respective individual races, these men will combine their talents to comprise our half-mile relay team. The program will be studded with the names of such outstanding ath^tes as Campbell Kane, Archie Harris and Roy Cochran of Indiana, teammates Wright and Eisenhart of Ohio State, Horvath, Thistlewaite, and Myron Piker of Northwestern, and a score of others too numerous to mention. Preliminary events are scheduled to start at 2:30 o’clock Friday afternoon, and the final program will be held that night under the floodlights, immediately following the opening p^ade at 8 o’clock, r.w.d.
Prof. E. C. Stair, of the horticultural department, returned recently from a ten day trip to Georgia where he inspected plants that are going to be used to produce certified tomato seed in Indiana this year.
According to football coaqhes and trainers, there are three types of injuries that predominate in putting players on the shelf, namely, ankle, shoulder and knee. As a result, trainers and manufacturers of equipment spend a great deal of their time in designing shoulder pads, knee braces, ankle braces and football shoes that will withstand excessive stress.
wyriD II III Drawing Sets — Slide Rules T Squares - Biology Supplies Disecting Sets —Highest Cash Prices Paid— PURDUE 5 + 10
Across from Post CHfice
VS' ■f •iV I * V
s
liiiiaiMiiiliiiS^aqs, 4 - ^stmhaL
Tuesday, June 3," 1941
County Agents Open British Face Possible
J-Day Conference
A three day conference for the purpose of training county agentls and other extension -workers in farm planning opened last night in the -west faculty lounge of the Union under the sponsorship of the Farm Management division of the University Agricultural Extension Ser-vice. The meeting is one of four being held throughout the state. Discussion of immediate problems of the county agent and indi-vidual farm planning -will feature the conference, which will close Wednesday afternoon.
Notices
All Members of Musical Orgranizations: Please return all sheet music that belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON.
Exponent Staff: Schedules for work dupipg finals are posted in office. Please look up your work nights at once. —RUPENEB.
(Continued from page 1)
good airdromes on Cyprus—Nicosia^ the capital, and Larnaka, seaport in the southeast of the island. Syrian Airdromes Important < Thus, German control of Syrian airdromes appears vital to such expeditions and every means will ^iave to be taken to see that the Nazis
do not settle down there.
In this connection first-rate importance is attached to a report broadcast from American sources last night to the effect that the British’ had decided to place Syria in the category of “enemy occupied country” and to assume the right to cut all its communcations with the outside world by sea or air. This report has not been confirmed officially in London, but it is reasonable to expect some such action. (The French high commissioner for Syria has proclaimed a state of siege for eastern Syria, the German radio reported today.)
Could Prevent Coup
That would allow the British to take all necessary military, naval and „ air action against airdromes and ports before the Germans were able to consolidate the process of infiltration, which already appears under way. Britain’s failure to take such preventive action in the past has been largely responsible for every major coup that Germany has scored, in either Western Europe or the Balkans. Its failure to take
such action on this occasion would be regarded by the average citizen in this country as little short of criminal. A large-scale German military expedition into Syria would entail either a long sea trip along the route controlled by Cyprus, or transit through Turkey, and here the position of Turkey is of urgent importance. What that position is does not even seem to be known with an exactitude in Ankara itself. British Sea Power Weakened While German action against either Cyprus or Syria involves both military and political complications, a direct attack on Egypt would be
Fordham’s rivalry with St. Mary’s (California) began in 1930, dropped off for the 1931 season and bfecame an annual affair in 1932. Since then the West Coast team has traveled to New York City each autumn to renew the feud.
TWIN POOLS
SWIM—GOLF—PICNIC ^ 20 Miles Nort'hwesf' OXFORD, INDIANA
YANKEE TRAILWAYS (Under New Management) FAST and DEPENDABLE SERVICE — TO — CfflCAGO GARY INDIANAPOLIS VALPARAISO CINCINNATI Good Connections for East and West
(Pu/tdtJUL ^xponanL
purely a military problem. Their naval losses during the battle of Crete are bound to have weakened the power of the British to interrupt transit between Italy and North Africa. In an attack on the Western Desert the Germans would also
have full support from fighters and bombers operating from airdromes in Libya. If they concentrated on this effort they could presumably ^bring tremendous forces of tanks, planes, guns and trained infantry to bear on Empire troops in the Western Desert.- From both these
airdromes and Crete they could make divebombing attadks on Alexandria, Cairo and other centers of I’esistance. ' If the Germans do concentrate on direct assaults against Egypt, the world may witness the counterpart of last autumn’s battle of Britain,
Enjoy the Superb Cleaning
Service by CROWN
Wool Garments Moth-Proofed
by the
MONITE Process— No Extra Charge
Crown Cleaning Service is priced so that everybody can enjoy it—to wear clothes such as Crown cleans anl refinishes garments seems almost a luxury.
P I M E fc t. E,A M E R S JlJE F I JiL£ J
West Side Depot at SOUTHWORTH'S SPORT SfflRTS IN-’N-OUTER”
• There's a reason why more than a million Dads every year wear smart, distinctive Genuine Palm Beach Ties—America's one and only washable tie with the original patented 4Fold Construction. Some say it's their exquisite colors and original patterns—others say it's their hard to muss and beautiful to wash features—but all agree Genuine Palm Bea^ Ties are as cool as the morning— colorful as the sunset—smart the whole day through. Don't disappoint Dad—give him several Genuine Palm Beach Ties for Father's Day—June 15.
J-
<1 r