’S
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY March 22, 1938 Lafayette, bidiana VOL, 49 No. 141
Venereal Disease Films
Dr. S. J. Miller...
Initiate Hygiene Week
Today’s showings of motion pictures on venereal diseases in Eliza Fowler Hall will inaugurate Social Hygiene Week on the University campus, Dr. Sayers J. Miller, director of Student Health Service, stated last night. Open to men only—staff and students—a three-reel “talkie” on syphilis and gonorrhea and another entirely different threereel picture on gonorrhea alone will be presented at 4 o’clock this afternoon in Fowler Hall. The same six reels are scheduled for another showing at 6:30 p. m. also only to male students and faculty members.
Oiliis Speaks To
Crowd
Capacity
A capacity audience heard Father James Martin Gillis, of New York City, speak at the monthly University religious convocation Sunday in Eliza Fowler Hall. Said Father Gillis, editor of The Catholic World, “Religion is neither philosophy nor theology. Religion is primarily adventure.”
Believing that music is a means of lifting the soul to God, Gillis pointed out that there are no artists today who are composing fine works that will be remembered through the centuries as there were several hundred years ago. He stressed the point that music is a means of 1 aising one’s self to God, and that it should be used for that purpose alone. Continuing much in the same train of thought, Father Gillis told students and faculty members that the artists of today are not of the same type as those of the past. He said they are running in a clique of their own, have their own lingo, and their own particular ways of living. Those of the past, he insisted, were more for the Christian side of living. Father Gillis, who holds many degrees trom various colleges, spoke upon “The Arts and Religion: Twin Ways to God.” Elaborating upon this subject, he added “The church is the foster-mother of art. It creates culture as a way of leading the heait and soul of men to God.”
Greenkeepers Will Convene Here Today
Greenkeepers from Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky will attend a two-day conference here starting this morn-
ing with a registration of over 65 expected. “Chief” Clevett and Prof. G. A. Young have been responsible for the organization of the gathering. At first it was thought that such conferences were unique, but as Clevett made inquiries into the mater, he found that several Big Ten schools have held similar meetings. Speakers will cover the fields of turf culture, turf diseases, greenkeepers’ diplomacy, and research. Dr. George Scarseth, of the University agricultural extension department, will preside at today’s meetings, and G. H. Enfield of the same department will officiate tomorrow.
ASME To Present
Oil Film Thursday
Sigma Alpha Epsilon...
Last 90 Minutes Obtained from the Indiana State Board of Health, these films will be introduced briefly by Dr. Miller himself. Approximately 90 minutes are required for presentation. “I believe that the importance of knowing something about these diseases cannot be overemphasized,” Dr. Miller said, “because the future love life and health of students are at stake. I advise all students to see these pictures.” The two films will be shown for the men at 1 o’clock and 4 o’clock Wednesday afternoon. Show Special Film On Thursday Dr. Miller has arranged to bring here for three showings, a special six-i'eel talking pictiue on syphilis. Supplied by the American Medical Association, this film was formerly shown only to members of the medical profession. The three runs here are scheduled for 1, 4, and 7 p. m. Thursday, also in Fowler Hall. “I feel this is an unusual opportunity for students to see excellent pictures on venereal diseases which have formerly been restricted to doctors,” Dr. Miller observed of this film. Women Have Their Day Friday is women’s day at Fowler Hall. At 4 o’clock that afternoon and again at 7 o’clock the three-reel picture on syphilis and gonorihea and also the special film on syphilis will be shown to women members of the student body and of the staff. “There has never been a great number of venereal disease cases on the Purdue campus,” Dr. Miller concluded, “but as a result of oui'
. . . director of the Student Health Service, who will introduce the films on venereal diseases, which will be shown in Fowler Hall today.
Robert Behrens Dies
After Appendectomy
Robei’t L. Behrens, ME ’40, died yesterday morning at 7:45 o’clock in the Home Hospital after being operated upon Tuesday, March 15. After an appendectomy, Behrens was well on the road to recovery when yesterday he unexpectedly suffered from the effects of blood emboli, which caused coronary occulsion and rapidly became fatal. Behrens received his freshman numerals in basketball last year. He was 19 years old, and his home was in Huntingburg.
WBAA Will Broadast
Mothers' Day-Program
educational program during the past few years, there is now only one case where there were formerly four or five.” Exponent is cooperating with the Student Health Service in sponsoring the campus Social Hygiene Week.
Plans for a special Mothers’ Day broadcast over WBAA under the auspices of the Indiana Home Economics Clubs were launched Saturday. The program will originate in the music room of the Memorial Union Building and will be given from 1:30 to 2 o’clock on May 7.
The committee in charge of planning the program consists of Mrs. H. J. Hair, Brookston; Mrs. Sylvia Scott, Greenfield, and Mrs. Lois L^ne, of Lebanon. They conferred with Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of home demonstration work.
Military Departinent Will Pick Men For Advanced Coarse By New Sysfen
Men aspiring to take advanced military will be chosen on the basis of their military record and on their standing in other University departments, according to the new system of selecting advance course students adopted this year by the University military department. Men are being interviewed now by the captains in charge of ^he sophomore class and the quota will be filled sometime in the spring. Applications for admittance to the advanced corps were issued several weeks ago in effort to determine the number of students interested.
be signed Jaefore school closes. According to the Lieutenant-Col-onel J. A. Pickering, any men not now takihg military 4 who wish to take the advanced course, should see Captain Hayford before April 4 if they wish to be given consideration.
Annual 4-H Party To Take Place Soon
“The Inside Story,” a sound movie from the Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, will be presented by the University student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at 7 p. m. Thursday in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The meeting will be open to the public. Showing what a microscopic oil film has to combat, the movie will give a picture of what I’eally happens when engine parts move over one another, and will show the part played by lubrication in reducing waste caused by friction.
Physical Exam In April Physical examinations will be held sometime in April and contracts will
Arrangements are well under way for the second annual All-University 4-H Club members’ party to be held in Agricultural Hall tomorrow night.
Glider Club Services
Ships For Spring Trip
In preparation for its spring vacation trip to' Benton Harbor, Mich, the University Glider Club has recently serviced both its ships. The club’s four-place glider which was damaged in an accident last fall, was finished and test-hopped last Sunday. Work on the two-place ship is practically finished also.
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of John Slater, West Lafayette; John Croxall, New Albany; Wayne Hpai'ne, Cincinnati, 0., and Don Douglas, New Philadelphia, O.
Hampered by lack of licenses for the ships the club has been grounded for some time. Recent receival of a “certificate of non-application” however will permit the organization to fly unlicensed.
Indiana Weather
Jose Iturbi Appears In Memorial
Gymnasium Music Convo Tonight
Gold Peppers Give Annual Bid Dance
In Ballroom Friday
Jose Iturbi, pianist, will appear in Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock tonight in the next-to-last musical convocation of the year. Admission will be by passport only, said Convocation Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn. However, tickets for any seats remaining vacant at 8 o’clock will be sold to the general public
Under the general direction of Chaii'inan Damon Catron, the party will be held as a get-together for all former and present 4-H club members who ai'e connected with the University. A similar party last year attracted approximately 300 students and staff members.
Pledges to Gold Peppers, senior women’s honorary, will be announced at the annual co-ed bid dance, given by the organization in the Union ballroom Friday night. Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois orchestra will furnish the musical setting for the affair. Five hundred tickets at one dollar each went on sale last Friday. Mary Alice Masters, ticket committee chairman, said last night that sale of tickets was going very well. Each sorority has been given 40 tickets, and is expected to sell twothirds of them. Tickets are also on sale at the Union desk, WRH and Pedalion.
Gilfillan To Speak At
at one dollar each.
Tau Beta Pi Banquet
Prof. S. C. Gilfillan, of the education and applied psychology department, will speak on “Today’s Inventions and Tomorrow’s Civilization” at the Tau Beta Pi banquet at 6:30 p. m. tomorrow in the reception room of the Union.
Student Union officials invite all those interested to meet Iturbi at a reception in the main lounge of the Union Building immediately following tonight’s convocation.
The program for tonight is as follows:
Social effects and futures of many recent inventions, including television, aircraft improvement, and facsimile telegraphy, will be discussed by Gilfillan.
PART I Air with Variations: “The Harmonious Blacksmith” Handel Chromatic Fantasy and Fugue J. S. Bach Etudes Symphoniques Schumann (Intermission)
Chi Epsilon Chooses
Siebenthal Sets Nine Junior Pledges
Limit On Number
Of Debris Ordered
First actual limitations were set on the number of Debris yesterday when the order was sent for the yearbook covers. According to Business Manager Art Siebenthal, this order narrows the remaining Debris on sale to the small number of 97. Up until the time the order was sent 2,303 copies had been sold. Thick . . . maroon in color . . . with a fine leathery feel . . . the 1938 yearbook cover is dominated by an embossed sketch of Heavilon Hall. The book is labeled “1938 Debris” on the frdnt and “50th Edition” on the bound edge. The words “Purdue University” appear on the back.
Following a smoker held last Friday by Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, an election was held and the following nine juniors were taken in as pledges: F. C. Ahrens, L. E. Gregg, A. H. Krass, W. C. Martin, F. C. Moses, M. D. Stepath, R, M. Thornton, T. C. Wilson and F. W. Winter.
PART II Intermezzo, E-flat minor, and Rhapsody, G minor Brahms Two Etudes from “Vu,” or “Seen in Paris . . Robert Russell Bennett (a) “Elysee” Le soldat inconnu (b) “Gobelins” Place d’ltalie. Jeux d’eau Ravel El Pelele (from the Suite, “Goyescas”) Granados
The formal pledging will take place tomorrow and the initiation banquet will be held after the springvacation.
Iturbi is a Spaniard, born in Valencia, and has appeared in sell-out tours throughout the United States every year since 1929. While in Mexico in 1933 he seized the opportunity to advance from keyboard to podium, a move so successful that today his year is divided between playing and conducting.
WSGA. WAA. YWCA
Exponent Training Course Continues
Groups To Elect Officers
With Talk Toniglit
Continuing the Exponent business training course for freshmen, T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, will speak on “Journalism” tonight at 7:15 in the tower room of the Union Building. His speech will be the third in the series of five that are scheduled for the training course. “Tommy,” as he is known to University students, started his newspaper career with the Bluffton Banner immediately after graduating from high school. From there he went to the Indiana State Normal College where he was sports editor of the Tei-re Haute Star, while attending school. Since then he has held positions on the Fort Wayne Journal Gazette and the Indianapolis Star, the latter of which he was city editor artd state editor. He left the Gazette to accept his present position with the University.
WSGA, WAA, and YWCA members will elect officers for the year ’38-’39 in the women’s lounge of the Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Election officials said yesterday afternoon that co-eds must bring their passports to the polls. Women’s Residence Halls will entertain the candidates at dinner tonight at 5:30. Following the dinner, WSGA President Betty Ann Stewart; Peggy Hamilton, former president of WRH; Mortar Board President Margaret Richey; and Mary Jean Jarrett, head of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, will give short . ' ' speeches at a coffee hour.
Green Potters Name Six Dance Chairmen
Nominees Introduced
Thursday’s Meeting
Thursday, at 7:15 p. m., in the tower room of the Union, Prof. 0. C. Trimble, of the education and applied psychology department, will speak on the subject, “The Psychological Aspects of Salesmanship.” He will explain the use of motivated sequence in persuading prospective advertisers to advertise and will also tell of the benefiits incurred through a salesman’s contacts with people.
Evening’s program calls for games, refreshments, and entertainment.
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and cbntinu'ed warm today and tomorrow.
“Salesmanship” will be the topic of the final spe'aker of the course. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to President E. C. Elliott. Professor Hockema is at present teachingsalesmanship in the University. “All freshmen who complete the course will be put on the Exponent staff immediately after spring- vaca-
Final appointments for chairmen of the various dance committees of the approaching freshman frolic, the Green Potters Dance, were made at a general meeting- of the committees in the Union last night. They are: tickets, C. J. Newhagen; orchestra, A. A. Yankowski; publicity, M. S. Patterson; program, B. A. Yates; decorations, A. G. Elley; and chaperones, W. D. Knepper. Tickets for the danqe, which is open to the public, are on sale at the main desk of the Union. Any of the above mentioned persons are also well supplied with a part of the 350 tickets already printed. These tickets may be obtained for the regular mixer price of one dollar. Many of the better orchestras are being considered for the affair, but as yet no arrangements have been made. Announcement of the band to be engaged will be made within the next few days. The program committee, in trying to make the dance as unique as possible, has designeil entertainment for the entire intermission, including a surprise activity, the details of which will be revealed shortly after spring vacation.
Yesterday, members of the three organizations met in the women’s lounge. Nominees for all offices were introduced by the presidents of the organizations in which they were seeking positions. The qualifications and previous work of each candidate ■were reviewqd.
Betty Jo Sexton and Mary Alice Learning are candidates for "WSGA presidency, and Elizabeth Barmes and Ruth Hall, are the nominees for treasurer. Margaret Mitchell and Ann Sickman are running for secretary.
Treva Berry and Mariana Wilson are nominees for the position of junior representative. Alberta Densford and Paula Zwierlein are aspii--ants for the office of sophomore representative.
Business Training Course
tion,” said Dave Miller, business
Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 68; low, 52; mean, 60.
manager, last night. Approximately 55 students have attended the previous meetings.
Exponent business staff freshmen meet in the Union tower room at 7:15 p. m. today, Thursdaj, and Friday for the final three meetings in the training course. .Vttendance will be takeii. —MILLER.
WAA Candidates Kathryn Merritt and Janette Shaffer are candidates for WAA presidency; Barbara Dobson and Virginia Beck are running for the vice-president’s office. Barbara Roderick and Marietta Johnson seek the position of secretary; and Josephine Cook and Janette Morris, the treasurership Candidates for the presidency of YWCA are Helen Conver and Betty Klein. Those aspiring to be secretary are Jane Hall and Catherine Cooley, while Marga Mary Glunt and Sara Alice McIntosh are seeking the position of treasurer. Girls applying for positions in the cabinet may fill application blanks at the polls when voting. The Y'WCA office will be open from 8 to 5 p. m. today for those wishing to see the eligibility lists.A
4
£dibfdcd.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dOjunufv
Tuesday, March 22, 1938
Taboo Four Centuries Old (The Texan) When in 1530, Fracastero, the Italian physi-cian-poet, gave a name to a new disease, he did not realize that it would be over four hundred years before the word syphilis would be an acceptable and usable expression in everyday conversation. It is unfortunate that four hundred years have been lost in the fight upon this insidious scourge, but hopeful it is that today’s America is beginning to use the word as it would “tuberculosis”—taboo itself not so long ago. It is not entirely correct to say that four hundred years have been lost in the battle against syphilis, for during this long period scientists, physicians, public health workers, and all who have dedicated their lives to the ideal of a healthy humanity, had been making inroads against the dread disease. Years ago, pioneer John Hunter, experimenting with syphilis, unintentionally inocculated himself with it. Later, Pasteur, although he did not discover the syphilis germ, proved that germs cause disease. By 1903 it was shown that apes could be inoculated with syphilis, and in 1905 two German investigators, Schaudinn and Hoffmann, discovered the Spirochaeta pallida, the organism which causes syphilis. So tiny are the germs that two thousand laid end to end would barely make one inch. Fortunately for mankind, the germ is frail. It cannot live for any length of time outside the body. Exposure to sun and air or even the mildly antiseptic properties of ordinary soap and water mean death to the germ. It is fortunate that the organism which causes syphilis is so delicate—were it not for this fact, it would easily have destroyed human life upon the earth long ago. Soon after the isolation of Spirochaeta pallida by Schaudinn and Hoffman, Paul Ehrlich discovered 606, which was then called salvarson and is now known as arsphenamine. It was called 606 because it was the 606th asenical combination which Ehrlich tried in his efforts to find a drug which, when introduced into the body, would kill the germ or seriously hamper its multiplication without harm to the patient. Public acceptance of the facts of science is a slow process. It remained for the present to look upon these things and take them into everyday life. For many years physicians and health workers, armed as they were with the essential knowledge concerning syphilis, its cause and cure, met resistance whenever they tried to introduce this knowledge into public consciousness. Within the last few years, however, public “modesty” has been replaced by some degree
the Purdue Exponent
M^MaER
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the SummOT Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60l
Editor-InrChief
Bnsiness Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary.. __ Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors _ _ D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C.
Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager CO-ED STAFF
J. P. Girard W. J. Gilhlan R. R Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor _ Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Frederick Tuesday, March 22, 1938
Dissatisfaction with the growing tendency of students to use the library for “social purposes” has lead 150 student at the University of Minnesota to sign a petition asking the student-faculty lelations committee of the All-Umversity council to investigate. Talking in the reading rooms has leached the point, it seems, where the students themselves are piotesting. Establi=:hment of a discussion loom 111 the main libiaiy has been offeied as a possible solution to the pi oblem Why not just change the name ot the libiaiy to “the couithouse?” A new “election bombaidment” iurnace pei nutting scientists to heat metals up to tempeiatuies of 4500 degiees Fahienheit, neaily half the temperatui e of the sun, has been peifected by a Haivaid metalluignst. Through the use of the new invention, scientists will be able to study most of the 40 rare metals as yet little understood or exploited. The most important feature of the new furnace is that contamination of the metal being studied, by carbon or other impurities, can be eliminated entirely. In the new furnace, such rare metals as vanadium, titanium, columbium, and the platinum group, that have been almost impossible to study because of their high melting points, can be melted into pure alloys. if Jt- -if. -if. The Men’s Protective As.sociation of Kent State College has the coeds biting their finger nails. It proposes “protection” for members against alleged offenses to-wit: Golddigging, last-minute “date” breaking, standing up “dates,” and flirting with another while on same. Plus other items. Men students get a list of questions monthly, and if their answers heap guilt upon co-eds a “black list” does the rest. The men must steer
clear of the “guilty” or pay a penalty. it ^ ^ A new bidimensional camera, which will show the path the eyes take over a written or printed page, has been developed by a Drake University professor of psychology. Adveitisers are making use of it, he says, to tell how well their copy claims attention, and what parts of it the aveiage person doesn’t bother to lead
Student members of Pi Sigma Alpha, honoiaiy political science fratelnity at Washington and Jefferson College, not satisfied with present goveinmental and political conditions, have laid the giound woik 101 a thud party. The liatermty has bianded capVal gams and suiplus piofit taxes as disci immatoiy and not piogies■>ive, and adv^eates their abolition. They also advocate the extension of Civil Service “within reason.” Compulsoiy arbitration of labor disputes is scored for its “fascist tone,” and other “undesirable characteristics.” The Roosevelt administration was especially criticized for its supreme couit activity as the organization advocated limiting powers of the legislative bodies with regard to changing decisions or influencing opinions of the federal court. J: sfe The pride of would-be Harvard Lotharios has been greatly piqued with the news from New York that in the future they must sign application blanks before being allowed to date chorines of a Broadway musical show for the evening. if if if if A bill which would ban “round dances” including the “big apple” and “truckin’’ at Mississippi schools of higher learning has students at the University of Mississippi all riled up. Comment from rank and file students, as well as studentbody leaders, heaped denunciation upon the bill.
Debate Team Meets Iowa Here Tomorrow Chailotte Finney and Jane Pechin who compose the University’s co-ed affirmative debate team, will meet Joan Kalhorn and Mary Jane Showers of the University of Iowa team in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 tomorlow night in a Western conference debate on the subject “Resolved' That the Several States Adopt a Unifoim Mariiage Law.” Piolessoi Fecoid, coach of debate at the Univeisity of Michigan, will act as judge and will give a critique and decision of the debate. The Univeisity negative team won a decision at the Univeisity ot Wisconsin on the same subject last Wednesday.
W B A A Programs
J
of hard, common sense. Acceptance of the extensive existence of the disease, the desire to eradicate it through intelligent action, is dailybecoming more manifest. And though it will take far more than mere acceptance of facts, more than admitting the presence of syphilis to stamp it out, some degree of optimism may be seen in the fact that a start HAS been made. When authorities have laid out a campaign dedicated to the reduction of venereal disease toll, an aroused public opinion determined to join hands in the job will intelligently follow directions. America’s greatest scourge today will be on its way out tomorrow.
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Buildeis—Blance Zaring. 11:30—Bud and Jeny, the Rhythm Twins. 11:50—Puidue News Plashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Town Crier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Edith Hines, popular songs. 1:00—Melody Time. 1:15—Electiical Shop. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45-—Maikfets and Weather Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—The Apothecary. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasui'e Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—Farm Security Administration. 3:15—Afternoon Musicale. 3:30—Rhythmic Strings. 3:45—Scientific News Review, 4:00—Town Forum, Prof. Chas. %Iurphy. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Parade of Nations. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicKty
Winner of last week’s poetry contest was the “Love-lorn” Double E whose little ditty brought tears to our eyes, throbs to our heart, and shocks to our senses . . , that such genius has been undiscovered so long. “Love-lorn” may obtain his Mars passes by seeing the Ed of this rag. And now comes another poem that touches our heart . . . but in a different way , . . t^is one sentimentally. The pome was addressed reverently and adoiingly to “Dearest Mary” and was signed by Joe Dupree, a freshman EE. We hope that Mary leads it and weeps as we did. Deaiest Mary: A BROODING MOOD You wonder how I doubt you love me; You wonder how I could. You say you thought I knew You thought I understood. I understand, dear, that you love me I understand that I love you. But often when I’m not by your side I just get to feeling blue. I don’t know why I feel that way. It’s probably just a mood. For not a thing at all Can make me start to brood. It’s not something that you have done. It’s just a part of me. It’s not any fault of yours, at all Darling, don’t you see? So don’t fiet your pretty head about it. Don’t let it bother you. Just tell me that you love me And the mood will soon be through. Joe Dupree, ’41. Pomes are still welcome to this department even if Bold and Black poetry week is concluded ... so send ’em in ... or any dirt you get for a shot at those juicy MARS passes. Mary Lou Van Bergen, the Kappa choline, who recenty took Grant Van Busknk’s Sig Ep pin, didn’t wait long to pull the wool over his eyes. She had a date with another fellow the same night, just after she took Grant’s pin. And speaking of pins ... a famous personage has put his out . . . and that’s none other than Jack Brock, managing editor of this paper. The lucky (?) gal is Margaret Mitchell . . . not the one who wrote “Gone With the Wind” . . . but she’s goin’ Avith some noAV. ROTC Graduates May Serve One Year In Regular Army Units If the congiessional measiue concerning membeis of the United States’ Oigamzed Reserves and the Reseive Ollicei s’ Training Corps is passed as expected, 12 graduates of either of these organizations will be picked from the Fifth Corps Area for one year of service in the field artillei y. This measure will give ROTC graduates one year of active duty in the service of the regular army unit. Men chosen will serve in the capacity of a second lieutenant, and will draw the pay allotted to officers of that rank. If the measure passes, duty will start July 1 of this year. Will Offer Commissions At the end of the year’s service in the regular army some of the men will be offered commissions in that organization. The exact number of commissions to be offered is as yet undetermined. Any second lieutenant in the Organized Reserve or the Reserved Officers’ Training Corps who is single and physically fit is eligible to apply for the one year enlistment. All men interested are urged by Lieutenant-Colonel Pickering to see Captain Hasrford before spring vacation, so their application blanks may be filled out immediately.
“Pshaw—it’s the game warden! Let’s plead self-defense!”
Three Campus Groups Form Fund To Bid For Tarkington Manuscript Three campus organizations—the Univeisity Library, Purdue Student Alliance, and Student Senate—have subscribed to a fund for putting up a bid on an original manuscript of Booth Tarkington which will be placed on auction Friday moinmg at the Barbizon-Plaza Hotel in New York City, according to Robert Buckles, representative of PSA. Buckles, said last night he was going to ask Fredeiick A. Schaff, ME ’07, president of the Superheater Company in New York, to act as Purdue’s biddei at the auction. The manuscripts of seveial other famous authors aie scheduled for sale at the same time. Sigma Alpha Mu... . . . social fiateinity, announces the initiation of the following men: G. A. Buck, St. Louis, Mo.; W. C. Dubioff, Chicago, 111.; R. Fishkin, Milwaukee, Wis ; H. Goldstein, White Plains, N. Y.; S. Kiackowei, Patterson, N. J.; and S. Resnick, New York, N. Y.
mmA TODAY — WEDNESDAY edw.g.MBIMSON
—PLUS— “POP EYE” CARTOON
BRflAPCAST Of 1938' / with MARTHA RAYE DOROTHY LAMOUR —PLUS— Pete Smith’s ‘NEW AUDIOSCOPIKS”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Not long ago the mail brought us a letter complaining about Purdue co-eds. Agreeing that the Boilermakers needed social advice the author was, however, violent in his condemnation of the co-eds. “They look at me as though I were flirting,” he accuses, “when I hold the door for them.” For personal amusement he has counted the number of times he’s opened a door for girls, simultaneously counting those who thank him for this bit of courtesy—an infinitesimally small number he assured us. We don’t think the situation is so bad as our fiiend double E thinks— but opening doois for the weaker sex IS an attention Avhich good manneis demand of men. The least we gills can do is thank these polite students and sui prise them a bit by oui thanks.
His First Faeii Leeigtii Featair®!
ARC
with BRUCE CABOT VIRGINIA GREY EDWARD NORRIS yffftowX jean chatburn ...An I KB bDWARDS —Also—■ Last Chapter “WILD WEST DAYS” —Plus— CARTOON COMEDY-1^
my
I ^
Tuesday. March 22, 1938
THE PURDUE
SpOijlA,
EXPONENT
Dins Iw Eluriiles At Butler Relays
Gutting Places Fourth In High Hurdles; Michigan Carries Off Top Team Honors While Michigan was rolling up 401/2 points to win its fifth consecutive Butler Relay crown at Inidanapolis, Saturday, Bob Lemen, Boilermaker co-captain, and Steve Gutting, took it upon themselves to bear the Gold and Black colors across the finish line for the two places that graced Purdue’s name in the final check-up, gaining a total of six points between them.
The hurdles proved to be the
• If
ielder^s*.** • •♦•choice
Basehall Squad Welcomes Outdoor Practice; Breslin Out For Entire Season
strongest division of Coach Phillips’ squad as Lemen raced through the final heat of tlfe low hurdles in seven seconds to carry off five points with first place and Gutting came up with a fourth place in the high hurdles and added another point to the total. Breaks 4 Year Lull Lemen’s first place is the initial one that Purdue has scored in the annual meet for four years. Sandbach wasthe last Boilermaker to take top honors in any event, as the high hurdles being his specialty at the time. Altogether, Lemen ran six races, winning five of them and failing to place in the sixth. He ran two preliminary heats in both the high and low hurdles and won them, took the low hurdles finals, but then got off to a bad start in the finals of the high sticks, and was unable to close the gap to place. No Record In one of the preliminary heats for the high hurdles, the timers caught Lemen in :07.3 which would have broken the world’s record for the event by one-tenth of a second if it had been allowed, but as the timers didn’t catch the starter’s signal accurately, it did not count.
Tau Kappa Epsilon... .. . announces the initiation of G. A. Hei’rero, San Jose, Costa Rica; J. L. Reeves, Lafayette; H. P. Kwasny, Mishawaka; M. Basile, East Chicago; H. E. Personett, East Chicago; R. F. Jones, South Bend, and W. A. Hansen, Bessemer, Mich.
BASKETBALL .—Today— Court l-Juillard-Aronson 7:00—Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 7:15—Winner (H-3 vs. E-3) vs. winner (C-1 vs. A-1). Court 2—Mann-Igney 7:00—E-1 vs. (Winner H-2 vs. B-3). 7:15—Ward 2A vs. (Ward 14 or lOX).
BADMINTON -Today 4:15 G. R. Frye vs. R. Hargesheimer. P. E. Ormiston vs. R. A. Fink. W. M. Dempster vs M. G. Johnson W. Boothby vs. F. E. Fields. C. F. Sterns vs. W. W. Knoor. H. E. Templeton vs. H. Brilliant. G. D. Cross vs. L. Gardner. D. P. Morse vs. C. Lupear. A. R. Johnson vs. D. W. Rankin.
Promise her a good time right from the start — take her to the (^hMtnuL fijDonL
when you haven’t seen her for a long time and you wish to have soli-tude-take her to the QhsudnuL dloonL
Visit the Chestnut Room —now located on the second floor.
By Dick Obenchain Well, it happened again .. . Every time that Purdue starts out an athletic campaign with pretty darn good prospects, something happens to prick our balloon and send our hopes d«wn to the ground . . . This time it hit “Red” Breslin. ■—fc— Last year the ledheaded, Massachusetts boy was the outstanding hitter on the Boilermaker team and the spark plug of the whole squad . . . And the team selected him to captain this year’s team . . . Yesterday afternoon he broke his ankle sliding into second base . . . He will probably be out of the lineup for the entire season . . . —fc— Although Coach Fehring may be able to find a man to cover the hot corner as well as the “Redhead” and approach his ability with the hickory stick, his leadership and drive will be sorely missed by Purdue this spring ... We feel that he cannot be replaced . . . It’s about the toughest break that Dutch could have happen to his team . . . —^fc— But in spite of Breslin’s injury, we think that the Purdue baseball squad will put on a show for us this year and we’ll be there to watch them climb toward the top of the Big Ten . . . It’s an awful hard job to climb from the cellar, but this year’s team is the one to do it . . . If we finish near the first division we will at least have the start to get up to the top in the next few years.
Rifle Squad Loses Meet Filing their fiist match as a Purdue iifle team, 10 men tasted the bitter diegs of defeat Saturday, made all the moie bitter because only the slim margin of one point 1 elegated them to their second-place finish. Wheaton College, using a five man team instead of the squad of 10 as was planned, totalled 989 points for 20 shots per man, while Purdue’s best five men garnered 988. Fansler, of the Boilermaker team, shot the only peifect score of the meet, marking up two lOO’s for his two rounds. Amt, Powell, and Crump also made 100 on their first round of 10 for Purdue but faltered and dropped some points on their second round. Sigma Phi Epsilon... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of C. H. Benson, Lima, 0.; R. J. Deckard, Lafayette; D. J. Walsh, Pelham, N. Y., W. A. Knapp, Jr., West Lafayette; R. W. Heckel, Chicago; A. B. Williamson, Valparaiso; J. C. Wayne, West Lafayette, and D. K. Heiple, Peoria, 111. Prof, Frank Hockema . , . . . graduate of the class of ’18 and assistant to the president of the University, will be the speaker at the March meeting of the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association tomorrow in the faculty lounge of the Union. Prof. Hockema’s subject will be “Purdue University, 1938.”
H. G. (Deac) REISNER SeRs the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes.
SieOTiEST SilKE W ElEi EiJIYED
nmPiS^FliSHES
^>ui/nA ysi^ico has oirafy Fat'd filter combining moistureproof Cellophane exterior and 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screen interior; resulting in
During yesterday afternoon’s outdoor practice session. Coach “Dutch” Fehring and his enthused diamond squad witnessed the first snag in their efforts to pioduce a winning ball club for Purdue. This happened as captain and third baseman, Tom “Red” Breslin, caught his spikes in the haid clay when he was sliding into second base and broke his ankle. Fehring Confident Coach Fehring expressed hi'^ deep SOI row that the team will be without its colorful leader on the field to add his inspiiation, but said that he felt confident that the squad would fight that much harder to bring a successful baseball season to the fans. The full extent of the injury was not known, but it was certain that his ankle was broken, with the possibilities of a compound fracture. Breslin was rated the best hitter on last year’s squad and there was every possibility to believe that he would have repeated his feat again this season. “Red” played 231 out of possible 234 innings in 26 games, and his final batting average for the Big Ten season was .378 with extra base hits being his specialty. Team Leaves Friday With the annual southern trip but four days away, and most of the ball practices held to date having been in the Fieldhouse, Coach Fehring is having a difficult time measuring his potential power and the 17 player berths available for the trip will not be announced before Wednesday evening. The squad will leave Friday at noon, and will make their first stop in Rolla, Mo., and wnth hopes of being in Dallas, Tex., by noon Sunday. The first game will be played Monday in Dallas. With no experienced third sacker on hand to fill in' Breslin’s shoes, Fehring will probably find his replacement among two sophomores, Kurtz and Ulrich, or Lyboult and Higgins, both juniors. Lyboult saw some action last year at second base and Higgins, ineligible last year, was slated for the outfield.
ADVERTISERS patronize exponent
Elward Moves Vergane To Tackle; Morningstar Looks Good At Center A football coach’s greatest enemy IS giadiiation. Coach Mai Elward’s chief problem in developing a stiong staiting combination for next fall’s eleven is filling the gaps at tackle which wei e moi e than ably plugged last fall by Schieyet and Woltman. Shifts \ergaiTe"^o Tackle Hoping to solve this pioblem, Mai has moved Big Bill Veigane from end to one of the tackle positions. Bill has been shadowed by bad luck for the past two’years Dining sophomoie year he played fine football until he injured his knee at Chicago. The same injuiy bothered him all last season. Yesteiday, however, he turned out for spring piactice in the best of condition. His knee seems to be all right now. According to Coach Elward, “Bill should develop into one of the best tackles in the country during his senior year.” Neff and Turon, frosh tackles, have shown up very well in practice and will help bolster up the line positions. Morningstar Looks Good Augie Morningstar, last year’s reserve center, has improved greatly in his passing and will see a good deal of action at that spot next fall. Axton, promising frosh pivot man, has performed well on both defense and offense and will strengthen the middle of the line. In the backfield DeWitte holds down the fullback position. He has every asset that a good back needs. He can start fast and is fast when he gets under way. Scrimmages will be part of the practice until the end of spring training. Yesterday the regulars showed promise by running through their opposition. HEc Students To Model Spring Styles April Bth New spring styles will be modeled by home economics students at a show to be held in the home economics auditorium, April 5, at 3:45 p. m. Miss Charlotte Tonis of the McCall corporation of New York City will conduct the show. Students and the public are invited to attend by Miss Marian Willoughby, head of the junior clothing and textiles department.
greatest scientific pipe smoking invention ever known. Keeps juices in filter.out of mouth.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Presenting for the first time in a store in this city, the famous John Ward Men’s Shoes, brought to you straight from Fifth Avenue, New York.. .The same superior leather tannages, the same distinguished designs as are favored by John Ward patrons from the.leading Eastern universities .. .Your inspection is cordially invited.
m at
424 Main St., near 5thiMMiNPi
3bxaL OjcHa,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TioHoLiL
Tuesday, March 22, 1938
‘r/ip Kin^ of Kings'^ Held Otwr By Popular Request
Notices
“Till Kmc of Ivinc'- hasbitnluld o%ci foi anotlui i\ick at the St Pauls Methodist Lpiscopal chuich In Its i\hibitois liitK line Ticlainud this mo\ me liiitmi di]iiLtmc thi lift of Chi 1st to lit the most inipiessive fill! tint his mti betn made The 1 liii M 1 bt luistiittd txei^ aftei 110 11 in 1 titiimc it 1 45 and 7 30 p 111 A.dn mills flic although a silM! ( ITli u is Itemed at the chuich f 11 mic till lath showing St Pill] I ninth is located at Tippe ti It 1 1 FitMnth stieets m La i\ t
Ho Nl
pied After 8 pj
1 ni
-MANION
Pi Tau Sifirma Mtttmi, changed to Tuesday March '>2. at p m m room D of the Memorial Union Biiildint, —COX
Chemical Engineering All students in the school of chemical enginoering holding soph
Practical Meclianics Department Exhibits
Films Today At 4 p. m.
TTPEWRITERS Adding machines sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F FbershofF, 605 Main «tieet
HELP M \NTED—College men spti d tl 1 sunmiei m Smith A.mei ica SalHiied positions \o special expeneiitt iiects ii\ Stud dime (1 andhim chaise) odit foi aston ishing iiif01 Illation South \ineiican •\scociation 827 St Chailes Ate, \ew Oilcans Lo iisiana
This week s educational sound ino tioii pictui e a quadiuple featuie, will be shown today and tomoiiow at 4 o clock 111 loom 101 of Michael Golden Shops The depaitment of pi actical mechanics invites the stu dent body to view these pietui es shown thiough the coopeiation of the Visual Education Buieau of In diana Unneisity
Successive films on “Plant Tiaps ’ ‘ OMdation and Reduction, ’ “The House Fh and “Moths ’ will be SCI celled
Tra\el Notice — A 25'' i educ tion is now aeailable to all students me da\ fi sm Maich 22 until Apiil 20 This 1 lour chance to get home 111 a hill 1 e ' Vll meals aie fiee' cheapci than tiain faie Call 2138 Bud Skmiici Faculty Tom wife tiaiel with \ou fiee
The fust film will make use of time lapse technique in photogiaphy as the entoldmg of insects by the leaf tentacles of the sun dew is piescnfed How a pitchei plant is able to line insects into ts tiap wheic thci diown will also be show n
lOST BL4CK WALLET—On State sti eet Satin daj night Con tains mipoitant papeis Please le tuin to Lnion desk Phone 66164
WANTED-—Passengeis to Floiida spiiiig vacation Call Fan banks, 2352
WANTED — Roommate single beds $10 Telephone i>57b4
A PLETSTNT ROOM—Foi two men students Close bj campus 540 T nil P! one 61572
W 4NTLD—Two moi e passengeis lo New Yoik 01 Boston Call Gil belt 3035
LOST—Jeweled S TE sistei jnn in V omen Gini Initials CRK on back Rewaid foM letuiii Phone Mail Kleppei 4035
WANTED—Passengei foi New Yoik Leaving Wednesday moining Call Pape 5021 or 55227.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Evi^rythirg for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
I. SPEIB HDW.
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Stud'=‘nt
Professional
The Risk Dental Clkiic
DE PAUL A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK DR. ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A RISK
4tb 5r Mam
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jevveler and Optometrist 504 Mam Sheet
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This 1 all we do but v/r do it v/ell
Wallace Block 322 Perry St Opposite Post Office
822 MAIN
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office Stationery Wedding Invitations
PHONE
2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR
Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop m the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Mam W L
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7tl Phone 6050
omore and junior caids are required to at tend a meeting at 4 p m Wednesday March 23 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineer ing Building —BRAY
Purdue Engineer All freshman and soph omoie editoiial staff workers report for work Tuesday Maich 22 at 4 p m in the Engineer office —CATTERALL
room of the Fieldhouse at 9 30 p m Wednesday March 23 —FRUSH HORNER
vs Joyce Davison vs Eleanor Fink
-CAMPBELL
Eta Kappa Nu Due to a conflict pledging will be held on Thursday March 24 —WELLS
Ixponent Workers All members of the edit rial and ports staffs—freshmen soph onions luniorb and beiiii rs—please lejioit fir \M)ik on timoiioM 9 page edition as t ai 1\ is possible thib afternoon Till dav Much 2’ Harliii ib night editoi ind Mill I it ( ui I ifnyctte offices at
Reserve Officers and Senior ROTC Stu dents Ail inteiested in taking a year of active duty under the Ihomason Aet see me before 4pm Friday March 25 —HAYFORD
Clii Epsilon All actives and pledges will meet Wednesday March 23 at 6 15 a m by the bridge back of the C E Building —WALING
Alpha Phi Omega Short meeting of ac tives and pledges m room F of the Union luesday March 22 at 7 p m Bring all questionnaires —WADLEIGH
Playshop Stage Crew Work in the sub basement if the Union Tuesday March 22 it 4 p m -BRENMAN
Purdue Engineer Short meeting of the editorial staff in the Engineer office at 7pm Wednesday March 23 —BAALS
Gold Peppers Dance tickets aio on sale at Women s Residence Halls soiority houses and the Union desk (3 23) —MASTERS
ME 31 Condition exams will be held in loom 101 of the ME Building Saturday April 16 fiom 14pm All those wishing to avail themselves of this opportunity must make arrangements with the uiidersigned befoie noon Satuiday March 26 No other oppoitunity will be given this semester MESSERSMITH
Airport Dance Committee Please mee with the Flying Club at 3 p m Wodnes day March 21 in the Union Building MORGAN
I reshman Football Managers Ihiio will hi in impoitant mteling of all fieshman football managers in the vubity dressin).
WAA Badminton Games to hi played this -ek Thursday March 24 at 4 00 Mary 'chnaihle vs M E Delaplane 4 30 Leona Mcimelstein vs Kathryn Meiritt Friday at 4 00 Virginia Beck vs Man itta Johnson Irene Boehm vs Roselyn Jackson Virginia Blank vs Georgia Walk ei At 4 40 T inette Moms vs Barbara Roderick Ethi I Scifres vs Nancy Phillips Rnhy Hodson vs Ifit Harlan Jane Horne
Sophomore Baseball Managers Men interested in managerial positions and those already signed up report to the diamond on the intramural field at 4 p m Tuesday, Maich 22 In case of inclement weather, repoit to the Fieldhouse —PERRY
Union Workers Our committees meet in the workroom at 4 p m Tuesday March 22 —SAMUELSON MATTHEWS
Union Workers Our committees meet at 4 p m in the office Tuesday, March 22 —TAYLOR CROSSMAN
Green Potters Orchistri Committee meet 11 g in room D of thi Union it 4 p m J h iisilav M irch 2 1 —YANKOWSKI
Catalyst Club Jmpiitint m tin„ it p m Wednesday Maich 23 it i m2 If Htavikn Hill -BOWMAN
Exponent Co eds Phase meet in Union jfticc promptly it 5 p m lucsliy M irch 2^ As i„nnuit for cocci cditi n Mill Ic m idc JUSTIN
WSGA Executive Board N inictinc on W dll la> Maich 23 SlEWARl
WAA Basketball Schedule fui lutsdiy Maich '*2 at 1 o clock licshmci v soph I m r o cl ck nmi is vs scniois MORRIS
Tail Beta Pi Bai quet vvil) Ic hill oi Wc inesday Maich 23 at 6 Or ni in tcad of 7 30 p ni as picviously iiino ii cc 1 1 IVKLI SIEIN
Women s Pan Hellenic Council Imj ort ml Mcclint, 1 ICS lay March ’5 at 4 i clock in the Uni in B iliiing Inqi in it wc t desk ibout Horn J\RRE1I
Radio Club Mcctit g in i i m C of th Union it 30 p n I d ly March 2^ Code 1 icticc it p m I II PM AN
We II Be Yoyr Valet
With an efficient economical dry cleaning service such as this, you have the equivalent of a mdn-servant at the smallest possible cost. One trial of our careful service will convince you of the desirability of using it at all times.
msmi
FINE CLEANEHS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
III qA EASSEPiN CSkLS ARE TOO W!LD FOR THE WEST! nBaV V A story about the West that is being driven wild by dude ranch girls See U^h WJderne'^s ' by Forbes Parkhill . ACCIDENT-PROOF HIGHWAYS? Paul G Hoffman shows you what can be done, in TTieJFnife Line Jsri t Enough HE SANG HIMSELF OUT OF JAIL! The story of a mountain lad who had The Tongue of the Poet By Sigman Byrd . . Plus articles, editorials, and serials
THE saimgmr mmoNQ POST
and Martha Schroder
Camera Club Meeting advanced to Thursday March 24 —WEST