This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Of< By* and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY November 30* 1937 Lafayette* Indiana VOL. 49 No. 95
Eighth Annual High School Debate Conference Opens On Campus Friday With an anticipated enrollment of over 700 high-school students and coaches of debate, the eighth annual high school debate conference will open on the University campus Friday for a two-day session. Under the direction of the Univer^ty speech department, the visiting debaters, largest group ever to attend a Purdue debate conference, will swing into one of the broadest two-day educational programs yet of-
Engineer Student Chapters To Meet For Joint Session Four University student chapters of engineering societies will convene for a joint meeting at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The organizations are the American Society of Civil Engineers, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, and the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. Motion pictures of the Golden Gate Bridge of San Francisco will be the chief attraction, authorities of the groups stated last night. The movies, loaned by the Bethlehem Steel Co., promise to be better, the authorities continue, than the pictures of the Oakland Bay Bridge which were shown last year. A special invitation will be extended to students of West Lafayette and Jefferson high schools, and as the public is invited by the organizations, an attendance of at least a thousand is expected. Dr. A. B. Coe Speaks At Season's Second Sunday Convocation Speaking before a capacity crowd which filled eveyy available seat in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday morning at the season’s second Religious Convocation, Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, minister of the First Congregational Church of Oak Park, 111., stressed the fact that every person should have a “Personal Philosophy of Life.” In his introductory speech. President E. C. Eliott mentioned that he was happy to see an ever-increas-ing audience attending the religious convos. Divides Address Into Four Groups Opening his speech. Dr. Coe professed his delight in appearing at a University convocation. Dividing his address into four groups, he urged the audience to follow these suggestions: “If you would have faith whereby you would live, you must have an understanding of yourself. Develop an unconquerable craving for knowledge—knowledge of tensions about our world. Try to do something people say cannot be done, but have respect for other people. You must have faith in the constancy of the goodness of God.” Impressively attired in their white chorister’s garb, the Universi|;y Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, opened the convo as they solemnly filed down the aisles, singing as they walked, and took their places upon the stage. The Choir sang four hymns during the convocation, and was accompanied on the organ by J. Robert Hammond, EE ’36. Fox, '28 University Grad, Weds On Thanksgiving Announcement has been received of the wedding of Albert Fox, ’28, and Miss Margaret White which took pla5:e on Thanksgiving Day at the bride’s home in Bucyrus, 0. Fox at present is employed in the research laboratories of the Stan dard Oil Company in Whiting. He obtained his master’s degree here last year after working for three years in China for the Standard Oil Company. /
ered at the University. To Present Three-Fold Program A three-fold program consisting of an intercollegiate debate with critique, an informational discussion, and entertainment await the delegates to this state wide meet. Among the celebrities that are scheduled to lend their talents to the conference are the honorable Sam R. McKelvie, former goveimor of Nebraska, and Dr. John P. Senning, right hand man” for Senator Norris in Nebraska’s campaign for its unicameral system, and head of the political science department of the University of Nebraska. Albert Stump, well known Indianapolis attorney complete the list of notables. Along the lines of entertainment, the Visiting debaters are scheduled to see a special performance of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” three-act comedy melodrama of mountaineer life by the Playshop under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics at the University. Purdue’s Concert Choir will sing for the group at their Friday night banquet in the Union ballroom. Reamers Initiate 11; Doan, G. A. Young Speak At Banquet Eleven men were formally initiated into Reamer Club, athletic booster organization, last night in the Union Building following which a banquet was held at Lincoln Lodge. C. A. Wallace, vice-president of the organization, presided as toastmaster and introduced the speakers. “Pop” Doan, ticket manager and mathematics professor, was the principal speaker of the evening. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, also spoke. Initiates were welcomed in to the dub by President M. M .Ross. These men were initiated: F. C. Baase, D. A. Bailey, M. Bell, H. C. n t> t> xt T«*,ir« t> X • JLfn xxwjiiigy XV* XX. xv* D. Maby, R. W. Michael, H. J. Rayle, P. A. Reznik, T. B. Frame. Professor Doan and Track Coach Phillips were taken into the club as faculty member’s. Co-eds Will Attend DePauw Conference The annual meeting of the conference for “Co-ordination of ExtraCurricular Activities” will be held on December 4 at DePauw University. Representatives from Purdue, Illinois, Butler, and DePauw will participate in the conference. Representatives of the University are: Margaret Richey, Mortar Board; Jerry Jarrett, Pan-Hellenic Council; Mary E. Delaplane, WAA; Betty Klein, Pan-Hellenic Council; Kathryn Merritt, VAA; Virginia Slocuhi, Gold Peppers; Ruth Randall, Alpha Lambda Delta; Helen Conver, WSGA; Margaret Jones, WAA; and Betty Ann, Stewart^ WSGA. Dean Dorothy Stratton and Clare A. Coolidge will accompany these girls to DePauw.
Angels Remain On Fowler Hall Ledge By Georgia Carroll Crumbling plaster of paris angels still adorn the ledges high above the Fowler Hall stage. Although President Edward C. Elliott requested that the 34 year old figures be removed when Fowler Hall was remodeled this year, the angels have not fallen. During the angels’ history they have stooged as targets for the spitwads of “little angels” who assembled to sing Christmas carols, and have amazedly watched Dr. F. E. Walkey beat on wash tubs, bow a saw and blow through a comb in his one-man band. Debate, 4-H club, peace, and almost every other type of conference has taken place under their very noses. Perhaps the dam blasts and the profane language in “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” will cause the winged creatures to topple from their alcoves. Pay homage to these picturesque statues before they collapse.
Association Of College Unions To Open Eighteenth Annual Convention In Memorial Union Building Thursday
Delegates To Come From Schools Scattered All Over United States; Vallely Plans Program
The Student Union Board’s invitational convention dinner will be ^ held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. Friday. Admission is through presentation of invitation cards. The invitational dance, to be held in the ballroom immediately after the dinner is entirely separate from the dinner. Admission to the dance will also be through presentation of an invitation card.
A Straw Ballot-
Delta Chi Eleds
Delta Chi social fi'aternity announces the election of the following officers: J. E. Shultz, president; H. P. Reinhardt, vice-president; G. W. Brown, treasurer; G. E. Osborn, corresponding secretary; D. R., McLeish, secretary ,and C. H. Phillips, sheriff.
Purdue Exponent Institute
Of Campus Opinion
DEBRIS BEAUTY BALLOT Name Four In Order of Your Choice
2.
3.
4.
Your Name
School and Class
Clip this straw ballot, fill it out, and drop it in the Exponent box
at the main Union desk.
And Its Purpose Who, in the opinion of the student body, are the most beautiful co-eds on the camp US ? The Exponent Straw Vote, running for the remainder of this week as a preview to the Debris beauty contest on Saturday evening should provide the answer to this question. On Saturday students ■will find if their opinions agree with that of the off-campus judges who ■will pick the girls whose pictures will appear in
this year’s Debris.
Regarding the Debris beauty contest, Art Siebenthal, business manager of the year book, announced last night that co-eds entering the beauty contest do not have to enter their ©"wn names, contrary to previous announcements. Anyone who thinks a girl is eligible for the contest may submit her name by either ■writing, telephoning, or submitting in person the contestant’s name in the Debris office before Friday aft-
ernoon at 6 o’clock.
Contest Free To Public Chairs will be set up in the ballroom for the contest, which is to be
GE M^n To Present Employment Ski! General Electric representatives will present a skit entitled “Student Reci’uiting” in Fowler Hall December 14, at 4 p. m. The dialogue ■will illustrate the methods used by personnel organizations of large concerns in interviewing student engineers for prospective employment. An average student engineer will be selected for the performance— the aim being to illustrate the procedure followed in such interviews. A similar program was offered last year.
free to the public for the first time
m several years.
The beauty contest will be included as part of the Variety Show which starts Saturday at 7 P* wiJudging of the beauties will not start until 8 p. m. A complete program of the Variety Show will be announced later in the week. Cordell, Crowder To Judge Scripts Prof. R. A. Cordell and Prof. R. H. Crowder of the English department, and Prof. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, of the speech department, have been selected as judges of the Second Annual Southworth Script
Trophy Contest.
The contest is open to all non-pro-fessional students who are interested in writing radio dramas, one act plays or skits, and will close at 6 p. m., December 10. The name of the winner will be engraved on the Southworth Trophy cup which will be on display in the Union browsing room throughout
the year.
Ci'^dit for participation in the contest will be given in English 1, 31, 32, and 19. All entrants should register with Don Wells in the PI A office in the Union.
The Association of College Unions will open its eighteenth annual convention in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Thursday at 9 a. m. Lloyd M. Vallely, president of the association and manager of the Purdue Memorial Union, will preside over the conclave, which will continue through Thursday and Friday, and end at noon, Saturday. The association, which is 20 years old, includes 56 members and covers the entire country, from Brown University, in Rhode Island, to the University of California, and from the University of Texas to the Uni-
versity of Minnesota.
Annual Affair
The convention is an annual affair, held to facilitate the exchange of helpful information and to foster a cooperative spirit among the various Unions. Between 90 and 100 delegates will attend this year’s
sessions.
Many prominent speakers will address the convention. The program, to be published tomorrow, includes lectures, meetings, luncheons, dinners, and an in^vitational dance. Planned by Vallely The entire program and accompanying festivities were planned by Vallely in cooperation with the senior board of the Student Union, composed of F. T. Sheetz, president, L. E. Putze, executive, W. K. Stallings, activities chairman, and Lorna McLeod, co-ed executive. Details of the convention will be taken care of by the junior "vice-presidents of the Union board. Poultry Judging Team Takes First Place In Chicago Coached by graduate student E. E. Schnetzier, the University poultry judging team captured top honors in the collegiate division of the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago Sunday. Members of the prize winning team were: S. B. Swann, Chicago, 111.; J. C. Dibble, Rising Sun; R. B. Davis, Seymour; and E. P. Kendall, Carmel, as alter-
nate.
Simultaneously with winning blue ribbon honors, the University combination was acknowledged by the judges as runner-up in production and marketing, and third in exhibitions. Swann Ranks Fourth Swann ranked fourth high in the contest in individual scoring, and Davis was rated ninth. The former plachd in the upper ten jn all three divisions of the show. Dibble capti^red top individual honors in production, and Da"vis won second place in marketing. The local livestock gi’oup placed sixth in livestock judging contest, scoring 4,384 out of a possible 6,000 points. First place honors went to the squad from Kansas State agricultural college, which repeated its achievement of last year. To Run Eight Days The exposition opened Saturday morning and will continue through Saturday. Included in the 38th anniversary of the annual showing of livestock and farm products are pure bred beef breeders from 26 states and three Canadian provinces, exhibiting 1,346 animals. Sheep breeders from 16 states and Canada sent exhibition flocks of 11 ■different breeds for competition.
Playshop Opens New Season With Formal Premier By Don Terrio “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” three act fok drama of the Carolina mountains by Hatcher Hughes, Pulitzer prize-winning play of 1924, presented by Playshop on the newly remodeled Eliza Fowler Hall stage Directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, staged by John E. Dietrich.
Cast
Bob Heine Virginia Lee Ruddell Burt Fielding Loy Davis Henry Baugh Victor Somogyi Cary Vaughn
David Meg
Sid
Rufe Matt Andy Jude
Synopsis: Rufe, a relifrious fanatic, professes to love Jude, who hopes to marry Sid. Sid has just returned from the war to Us mother and father. Me? and Matt, and his grandpappy, David. Rufe attempts to stir up an old family feud between Andy. Jude’s brother, and Sid, plotting for Sid’s death. When this plan fails, religion-crazed Rufe attempts to destroy Sid by blowing up a dam near which Sid is telephoning. Fram this point on action becomes faster and more exciting, leading up to a climax which has been re^onsible, in part, for Hatcher Hughes’ fame.
Enthusiastically Received At its formal premier last night “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” was enthusiastically received by the audience, although it played before an unfilled house. Curtain time was delayed for the play an hour because of the contractor’s delay in setting up overhead lighting equipment and front curtains, giving the stage crew pnly two hours in which to prepare the setting. Tonight’s performance will start at 7:30 as scheduled, said Director Carmichael last night. The play as a character portrayal revolves about Rufe, who has been crazed by his impudent self-styled “familiarity” with God and has come to feel that whatever he does is by some divine authority. Loy Davis ably pdHrays Rufe, with his “Hell bent fer heaven, glory be to God, Hallelujah” religion, used for his own purpose of gaining Jude. Rufe Has Ignoble End Although possibly conceived to be a hypocrite, Rufe is intended by the author to be a man con-vinced by a grotesque theology of the essential rightness of his behavior. Hi^ o'wn misconception of his religion, however, leaves him deserted in Matt’s cabin, scene of the play, doomed by an approaching flood. # The play contains many wiity lines, although a touch of the melodramatic at times enters the plot. Victor Somogyi present a realistic picture of rough-humored cussin’, but thoroughly likeable Andy, especially in the last act. Virginia Lee Ruddell ^did Meg’s sob scenes convincingly well, and Burt Fielding performs well as Sid. Physics Professor To Lecture Tonight Prof. K^rl Lark-Horovitz will lecture before an open meeting of the Graduate Dames Club tonight at 8 o’clock in the lecture room of the Physics Building. His subject will be “Appreciation of Artistic Glass.” An exhibit of rare glass will he on display during the lecture. F. M. Wagner, glass blower of the physics department, will demonstrate the technique of glass blowing. The program is open to the public, stated Professor Lark-Horo-vitz.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
< 1 f 1 ‘'f
Tuesday. November 30.1937
X]
Only Sixteen More... studying days i emain until Christmas ... sixteen days uhich may easily mean the difference between flunking and passing a course the diffeience between getting an A and an H . . sixteen days which through a little application might be turned into the most educationally profitable part of the semester. Time is required to get back into the swing of studying and schoolwork after summer vacation, or after any vacation for that matter, and the school year so far has been broken up somewhat by week-end football festivities, inspection trips, and a Thanksgiving holiday. Only Prom-Gala Week elections are of enough interest to weaken the scholastic span from now until Christmas Football season is ^ver . both fans and players can settle down and give their attention to school Anyone who received a yellow slip a couple of weeks ago should realize the last half of the game is under way, and that if he’s going to win he had better go into a oneman huddle on higher learning and surprise his professorial opponent by reversing the field Anyway it’s too cold, and traveling is too dangerous to get out and enjoy yourself much right now, so you might as well stay home to study and keep safe and comfortable. That’s a good excuse for slighting your social schedule. Why not wish yourself a “Merry Christmas” now by getting on the books, catching up on any back work, and finishing all class reports before vacation‘d Then you can leave all the thoughts of school behind when you pull out from Purdue on December 18. Prom And Gala Week... .. . parties can get some free publicity tomorrow by turning in a typewritten platform not to exceed 175 words in length, to the Exponent
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^sectated ®bJU5iateJ|r«s HAWSOM WlSCOHSm Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indrana, under the act of Congresa ot March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postSKo provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 8, 1917, authorissed Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year, by mail $8 60 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BY Natloiiaf AdvertisingServlce, Mq. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE new York N Y Chicago Boston Los angeues San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St. Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Koom E Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor J E Brock Associate Editors „ _ DA Bailey, L. S Hardin G D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R Vance Editor s Secretary _ _ Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager „ National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager
Circulation Manager
Editor Associate Editors
J P Girard W J GiUilan
R R. Hensler
M C Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Fyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor _ R. F Obenchain Associate Editors J S Brown, R L. McDonald,
B D Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief Issue Editor—Tafel Night Editor—Vance Tuesday, November 30, 1937
before 8 o’clock tonight All platforms in our hands by that time will be given fair display in tomorrow’s paper
Women’s Athletics
Alumna Stars Jeannette Scuddei, Science ’37, scored the lone field-hockey goal for New College of Columbia University in a game against New York University’s Fighting Violets, November 16, winning the game for Columbia’s co-eds Two days later, in the Hofstra game, she accounted for a spectacular goal and assisted m two other scores Miss Scudder was a member of the WAA Hockey team for the four years she was in the University Fencing Fencing piactice will start December 1 This practice is open to beginners as well as advanced students in fencing Game Demonst'rat'ions Today at 4 o’clock '^^AA. "'^all have demonsti ations of ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis An explanation of the rules of the games will be given and afterwards any one who desiies may piactice Viiginia Blank and Margaret Jenkins aie in charge Later in the week a schedule will be posted
Carolina at Chapel Hill, boasts that it IS the only college daily in the South And The Daily Texan brags that it IS the first college daily in the South
The man who gets the job of being the next president of the University of Texas will draw more pay than the football coach—$17,500 to be exact That’s how anxious the selecting group (composed of legents with former student councilmen CO opeiating) is to get a permanent head of the fast growing school, who meets their specifications The lecommendations suggested by the former students are Age, 40 to 50, Texas or Southern background, experienced outside Texas, executive experience, attractive personality, deep-seated religious con victions, reputable scholar, good piofessional leputation, belief in University of Texas’ future, interests outside college curriculum, con servatism without being radical oi leactionary, ability to win alumni support, knowledge of youth problems, charactei and ideais, and man led
Don Lash Takes A A U Cross-Country Title For Fourth Consecutive Year Don Lash, former Indiana University track star, won the national senior AAU cross country championship for the fouith consecutive year in the annual AAU meet Sunday at Branch Brook Park, N J Lash covered the 10,000 meter course in 32 57 4 Lash took the lead at the start and remained in front the entire distance Finishing second was Tommy Deckard, another ex membei of the Indiana track team In the team competition the Melrose A C placed first, taking third, sixth, seventh, ninth and tenth places Rain slowed the tiack so that Lash came in 19 seconds behind the
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
THE SHAKING LEAF MYSTERY This little playlet took place in the DU house in the early morning hours Monday, Our hero. Ward Stallings, fearing the cold of the dorm IS sleeping in the living room of the house. Comes a scratching at the back door Then comes a scratching at the front door. Then dashes Stallings, shaking like a leaf, upstairs for his shotgun. He returns and awaits the ma rauder inside the dooi which giadually swings open Stallings (leveling the gun at the head of the intrude! and croaking in a hollow whisper) Who’s there ’ Voice It’s me, Dick Maurer, your fraternity hi other feememberme’ It took the entire DU chapter and a pound of smelling salts to revive Shotgun Stallings, the DU protectoi ” Something a bit stronger than a rumor has it that a very prominent senior pinned down a certain ChiO Saturday night and that after he had publicly stated, “I’m out for a good time and I’m not taking women seriously I’m just going to take them for everything they’ve got ” It seems awful quiet aiound heie for “open” Prom campaigning Just to liven up the affair we’ll gladly give the Mars Pass to the peison contributing the best dirt about any of the parties or persons in the par ties Shucks, fellers, it looks like B and B will be going to a “paity ” They say the WRHers used 300 sheets in covering the inside of the tunnel for their danc6 Saturday. The dance wasn’t, but should have been a drunken brawl with all of those sheets in the wind Wondei if the CIO will try to horn in on the convention of Union delegates here this coming weekend
‘If you have to let people run into you, you might at least pick new cars that carry insurance!”
Classified Ads
Have you something to buy, sell 01 find ’ If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette Anyone wishing to place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building Ads must be handed in not later than 6 p m in order to appear in the next morning’s Exponent.
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen Wed., Dec. 1, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN THURS , DEC 2ND PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
fni: John Marshall
LAW
COURSES (40 weeks peryear)
SCHOOL
Afternoon—years 5 days 4 30 6 30
OUNDED 1899
Evening — 4 years Mon , Wed , Fn ,
AN
6 30 9 20
ACCREDITED
Post graduate
LAW SCHOOL
lyear twice a week Practice courses
TEXT and CASE
exclusively
METHOD
All courses lead
e
to degrees
or Catalog recom
Two years' college
nended 1 st ot pre legal 1
work required for
ob eels and booklet I
entrance
luayofLcw dProper |
Ne classes form
D o du e r 1
at J Sept
tiack lecord which he set last yeai The former lU flash is the only person to have won this event for foui consecutive years
TODAY—TOMORROW
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY TOR MdAGLEN ALTER CONNOLLY PETER LORRE in 'IIIKf IIEELE JONELAMGSMiTKENT
Hockey Play Day
At 4 o’clock today in the WAA of fice there will be a meeting of all girls interested in going to the Hockey Play Day being held De cembei 4 at the University of Chicago ^ Two games will be played with Michigan and Iowa Universities 'P' Sweaters Wednesday at 4 o’clock a representative from Decker’s Lafayette book store will have a display of sweaters for girls wanting to buy sweaters for their “P” monograms and numerals Acquacade Tilton and Dolphin clubs are practicing every day foi the Water Carnival to be held in the new Fieldhouse pool The tickets are 35 cents each, obtainable at the main office of the Women’s Gym
collegiate
Is it war again below the MasonDixon line’ The Daily Tar Heel, published by students at the University of North
By Sally McKee What are manners ’ Whei e do they come from’ Manners are, foi one thing, an outgrowth of a culture Perhaps they aie more than that—the very manifestation of the culture They are built up one after another until they become a code of how to do things while one lives in a given cul tural setting Chinese women who bound their feet “sat” at the head of their cultural ladder So developed had then civilization become and so far up weie they in the economic tiers of that civilization that they no longer needed to walk When it was necessary to move, a servant would move them Long fingei nails aie today an expiession of the leisure of our women Girls no longer break them while helping mother wash, iron, sew, 01 keep the babies, so they can grow long and sharp, protected by then owners’ leisure Befoie leisure come wealth and power The Chinese lady had wealth and power enough to support and “ordei ai'ound” the servant who caned her around
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS.. . PROTECT THEM AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STILL LEADS AS A CAUSE OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25
The NabonaL State, and Local Tuberculosis Associations in the United States
A\ I k
-V-
inwpB
Tuesday, November 30,1937
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
Billiard Champ To Show Trkks In Union Thursday Charles C. Peterson, national champion fancy shot billiard artist, will give a free demonstration of billiards, both plain and fancy, in the game room of the Memorial tJnion Building this Thursday. There will be two performances, one at 4 p. m.
and one at 7 o’clock.
Students who saw Peterson’s billiard demonstration here last year will remember the 'stunts the veteran cue artist per-
formed that seemed impossible
until actually seen. Billiards in An Airplane “Pete” is the owner of the nickname, “Show me a shot I can’t make.” His accomplishments with the ivories include playing billiards in an airplane. With the plane traveling at 126 miles an hour and tilted at a 33 degree angle, he scored 100 points in 47 seconds, and had newsreel pictures taken to prove it. Peterson, however, will not confine his exhibition to showing off his skill, but will also instruct students in some of the fundamentals of the game. He will give helpful tips on the five basic principles of billiards without mastery of which no one can hope to become a good "player.
Interfraternity Bowling Semi-finals Tonight—7:00 Triangle vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon
Rams Appear Insiders For Rose Bowl Bid With California set as the western representative in the Rose Bowl game at Pasadena on New Year’s Day, the choice of the eastern contender seems to be narrpwed down to Fordham and Pitt, with little odds being given eitl^er way. Although Alabama was conceded a good chance for the invitation earlier in the season, the Crimson Tide’s schedule was not as tough as that of the other two and the ’Bama# team is given little chance of going west for another time. Alabama has been out to the coast several times and many think that the public would rather see a new
team get the bid.
Fordham May Go to Coast All of which points to the Rams of Fordham as the most likely team. While the New York team has not
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWOBTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everytidng for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflSce
^Printing'
□
P
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE „ _ ~Office Stationery. Wedding Invitations _ Sales Books, Etc.
phone ^
2 62 8 CASSELS 408FERRy
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DB. LUTHER A. R18K
4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M.miON DENTIST 119^2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE , PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Moat excluaiye aasortment of estaagea available to Pnrdne Stndenta. 527 Main Phone 54S2 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. ■—Taxi Service — The Thinkingr Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phone's—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Locksmith
«C” CARTER tor Keys — Locks — General Reipalrinc Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Eveningf Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dine
DINE
Rjudi^
DANCE
AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. S2 at Lindbergh Road
— Shoe Repair — BOSSXJNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Zeke Shapiro To Play For Co-od Masquorado Danco Masked co-eds will dance to Zeke Shapiro’s music December 10, in the ballroom at a Co-ed Masquerade ball sponsored by WAA. Programs in the shape of black masks, streamers, face masks and confetti will be given at the door. Tickets available the last of this week, will be priced at $1.10; and will be on sale at the Union desk and at Women’s Residence Halls.
had quite as tough a schedule as Pitt, it has played consistently good football and has never had a Rose Bowl bid. The Rams have had Bowl ambitions for several years, but the western representative could never see them as suitable opponents. Coming from the country’s biggest city, and making its first trip west, Fordham should be a good drawing card, but picking the Rams would leave Pitt with a sure bid for the Sugar Bowl game at New Orleans. With Alabama generally conceded one of the bids for this encounter, the game would stand out as more of a natural than the Rose Bowl game, and might take prestige away from the latter, as it has been doing for the last two years. Pitt Held Back On the other hand, Pitt has had a number of bids for the western game and this may hold it back as it apparently is holding back Alabama. The Panthers were out last year and it is not often that an eastern eleven goes west two years in a row, but it might appeal to California to have the victor defend his laurels. Looking back over the arguments for the Rams and the Panthers, there is little to choose, but don’t be surprised if the New Yorkers are given the call.
fielder’s choice
Purdue’s tackle twins are the subjects of today’s sport biogtaphies . . The athletic careers of Clem Woltman and Marty Schreyer have coincided so completely that it is almost impossible to speak of one without thinking of the other. —fc— Both lads came to Puidue after playing 4 years at Central of So. Bend under Coach Elmer Burnham, who came up as the Purdue frosh coach the following year . . . Clem Woltman was captain of the high school squad so it was only natural s/ that it was Marty’s turn to captain Purdue's team this season. —^fc— Clem has played more minutes than any other Boilermaker, 406— leading Cec Isbell who has 387 minutes to his credit . . . Woltman goes about his job in a workman-like manner . . . His speed is amazing for such a big man . . . After seeing him at work this year, we believe that he has covered more punts than any other man on the squad . . In several games this year, Clem has risen to great heights ... In the Ohio State encounter, Clem was one of the few bright spots in the Boilermaker play. —fc— Marty Schreyer is a great team man ... As captain of this season’s team, Marty proved himself to be a great leader ... His ability to buoy the spirits of his teammates was one
Chemical Department To Show Free Movies Motion pictures on production and
utilization of limestone as a building material will be shown today at 4 o’clock in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The practical mechan ics department has issued an open invitation to all students interested
to attend.
These pictures, sponsored by the Indiana Limestone Company, are being shown at the request of Professor F. L. Serviss of the chemical
engineering school.
Underwater Distance Swim Will Be Feature Of Aquacade This Weekend
By J. Stillwell Bmwn
One of the features of the Aquacade this Friday and Saturday in the new pool will be an underwater distance swim, which will be put on by four members of the swimming team to settle a little argument that has been going on among themselves for quite awhile. The event, which promises to be a “grudge” battle, will be held to decide once and for all the best method to use when trying to Cover distance underwater. Three of til© swimmers, Eldon Carr, Howard Krick, and .John Van Delester contend that the best way is to use the old reliable breast stroke. The fourth man. Bud Armstrong, claims that he has a stroke that will beat the breast stroke any day in the
week.
Method Not “Stroke” Bud’s method could hardly be called a “stroke.” It is more of a hula-hula and eel wiggle combined. He keeps his hands at his sides, wiggles his shoulders and kicks his feet. Bud thinks, that although outnumbered three to one, he will be able to outdistance easily all his competition. All four of these natators are able to swim twice the length of the pool under water (with one breath of course), so evidently both systems of underwater propulsion have their merits. This event will be one of the many unusual exhibitions' put on by the swimmers in their first annual water carnival.
of the factors whicji allowed the Purdue squad to overcome the seiles of bad breaks that they received
this year.
—fc—
Marty would have been high up in minutes played this season had it not been for a leg injury which caused him to lose a half game at Wisconsin and a full game at Indiana . . . Mai Elward had so much confidence in Mart y ’ s leadership ability that h e turned the squad over to him durmg the half at the Indiana football game.
—^fc—
For thiee year^, the Puidue coaches have had little woiry over the tackle positions . . . But now as these two men graduate, Schreyer from the science school and Woltman from physical education, the task of replacing them is before the Boilermaker coaches
Amy Howe Gives Ledure Professor Amy L. Howe, head of the University clothihg and textiles department, recently lectured to the women of Lebanon on textiles used in the kitchens
Your Application
IS
Most Important
SOMETHING TO SELL? WANT HELP? DID YOU LOSE SOMETHING? DO YOU WANT WORK? If so, make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Columns.
the p,
USDUE ExponentS^reBWP^i^P^RS^JSS^raE?!!^^
THE PURDUE E3tPONENT
z.
Tuesday# NoveiyJaer 3p> 1&37
Notre Dame's Layden Says Rorkne's Principles Used In Modern Football What Knute Rockne would do about such present day gridiron developments as razzle-dazzle laterals, five and six-man lines and deceptive spread formations no one will ever know, but Notre Dame’s present mentor, Elmer F. Layden, one of the famous Four Horsemen, and a devoted student of the master coach, is convinced that Rockne’s basic principles are as good today as they were in the years of his greatest success. Describing the toughest job in football—following Rockne — Layden said in the Saturday Evening Post that the rebuilding of the morale and prestige of the Fighting Irish has brought many changes but they are the changes that “we at Notre Dame feel Rockne would have made today.” Rockne Spinner Rockne’s use of the spinner in 1929, when the maneuver, now an integral part of the attack of almost every team, was a novelty, is cited by Layden to prove that Rockne would have been one step ahead of present-day developments. Layden also has something to say about so-called suicide schedules, declaring, “in these days of stiff competition in college football, you are almost a sure thing to drop one or two along the route of a season’s play—so why not lose to a worthy opponent? There’s always a chance that you might win ’em all!” A. R. Rolfs To Speak On Value Of'Popular'Books “ ‘Popular’ Books—Pernicious or Profitable” will be the topic of discussion by A. R. Rolfs of the University English department in the browsing room of the Memorial Union Building, tomorrow night at 7:30. In his talk he will attempt to justify the popularity of certain books according to their individual value, not because they may happen to be the best sellers with the public.
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Chili Supper A chili supper, sponsored by the members of Wesley Foundation, will be held tomoiTow at 5 p. m. in the Foundation House. Tickets may be obtained for 20 cents from John Fonts, Anna Lewis, Edith Whinery, Francis Baker, Mary Graham, and Ruth Reeder. The purpose of the supper is to raise money to send delegates to a national Methodist College Conference, which will be held in St. Louis from December 31 to January 3. Tickets may also be obtained at the Wesley Foundation House.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Intramurals
PRACTICE BASKETBALL —Today— COURT 1—Captain, referee. 7:00—ATO vs. Triangle. 7:15—Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Kappa Tau. 8:25—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Pi Phi 8:40—Theta Xi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. • COURT 2—Gale, referee. 7:00—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:15—Theta Tau vs. Theta Chi. 8:25—TKE vs. SAE. 8:40—Pi Kappa Phi vs. TEP. COURT 3—Foster, referee. 7-00—SAM vs. SPE. 7:15—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu. 8:25—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. 8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa.
LOST—Polyphase slide rule in car Friday evening. Call 46064.
FOR SALE—Black 3-button frock suit, size 38, 2 trousers. Good condition. Cheap. 45653.
FOUND—Ladies wrist watch, call 41064. Kurtz.
FOR RENT—Large double room 131 South Grant street.
NOTICE—^Person taking purse from desk, first floor hall, Building No. 2, please retuim there. No questions asked. Louise Stevens.
FOR RENT—Modern front double room, southeast corner of campus, with or without board. 401 State street.
ALL UNPAID—Purdue Engineer subscribers must pay immediately at Union desk.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
LOST—At West Lafayette post office mail box. Black beaded bag, containing eye glasses. Reward. Return to Mrs. A. A. Potter, 1012 Stadium avenue.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Alpha Phi Omega: I have several keys belonging to members of Alpha Phi Omega. Will the owners please come and get them at Triangle House by November 30. —FRANCOS.
I WAA Riflery: Practice November 29, Ward 4, 6 :15 p. m.; Ward 1, 7 ; WRH North 7 :46 : makeup at 8 :30. Seven practices must be in by December 2 to be eligible for rifle team. —CHRISTENSON. Sophomore Co-ed Debate Managers: There will be a demand meeting in room 301 of University Hall November 30, at 4 p. m. —HINER.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore TTninn workers arc requested to meet with their vice-presidents in the Union workshop, November 30 at 4 p. m. Important meeting, as all work hours up to December 25 wijl be announced. —PUTZE.
f Suits . . . $18.65—$35.00 Topcoats $18.65—$35.00
Wilson Oban Shirts $1.65 up Silk or Wool Robes $5.50 up Faultless Pajamas $2.00 up Wilson Buffer Hose 35c up Wool Sweaters $3.95 up Wilson Ties 65c up Silk or Wool Scarfs $1.00 up Dress Gloves $1.50 up
Baltimore Clothes Shop
414 Main St.
Prom and Gala Week Petitions: All petitions must be turned in to Senate office, room A in the Union, between 4 and 6 p, m., not later than November 80. Earlier if possible. —ROHYANS.
Camera Club: Prints to be eligible for annual exhibit must be in by December 1. —SAMUELSON. POMM: Meeting called for 6 p. m., November 30. All actives and pledges must be in formal uniform. —SPRINGMAN.
WAA Deck Tennis—All co-eds interested in playing sign up for double tournament on bulletin board in gym before November 30. —JENKINS.
Union Sophomore Committees: Mass meeting in the workshop November 30 at 4 p. m. All sophomore union workers are expected to be there. —PUTZE.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committee will meet at 4 p. m. November 30 in the office. —EASTBURN, CABONARGI.
Christian Foundation Students: Don’t forget to bring a friend and drop in at the Friendly between 8:80 and 6:30, December 1, at 126 South Grant street—CRISS. Foresters: Forestry Club keys are available until December 6. —YOUNG.
Sophomore Cotillion Committee: Meeting November 30 at Pi Kappa Phi house at
—SWINNY.
;if iery: V&2,
6:16 for WJtBF2, at 7:00 Alpha Xi, at 7:46 WRH South, at 8:30 Alpha Chi. Seven practices must be in by December 2 to
to be eligible for a rifle team. .
—CHRISTENSON.
Scrivener: Important meeting in the office in Union at 7 p. m. November 30. Everyone come. —BOORD.
Hays jewelry company East, Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
AUTO BODY SHOP Complete Body, Fender Repairing and Wrecker Service Top Trimming, Woodwork, Wheels and Axles Straightened
Welding
M. Thoennes and Chas. Harrington, Props.
421-23 North Third St.
Res. Phones 7793 and 76864
Glider Club; December 2 is the deadline for pictures. See me for orders. —MORGAN.
WAA; November 30 is last chance for girls to start in fencing. —BRADY. Union Sophomores: Please report to Union office as soon after 2 p. m. November 30, as possible. —JACOBSON. NewmaijjKlub: Executive meeting at 7 :15 p. m. November 30 in Union. —VON HARZ. Fraternity Presidents: Interfraternity Presidents Council meeting postponed until December 9. —WHITING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union on November 30 at 7:30 p. m. —WINTER.
WAA: Orchesis Club meets November 30 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All members are urged to be present. —HARRY.
Alpha Zeta: Pledges meet in Ag Hall November 30 at 4 p. m. —UNDERWOOD.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting December 1 at 7 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building. Important. —CONWAY.
EVERY DAY More evidence piles up the fact that you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned regularly. Crown Cleaned clothes are MONITE nioth>proofed, too — thousands agree that this feature alone is ample reason why your clothes should be Crown Cleaned and Pressed.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
, .please get oa
--I stowaway ^1 Ik cHARMIN® ^ suitcase, and $25,000 m her su ^
A, nTsuitie, and
^trailer, $25,000 ^®^^ clarence strange ^ew novel this week Buihngton character, the maryon’ll meet his ^ewe^^ and an riage-fleeingMt.Bui^bmy ,,^Uerites
assisted Jd with
Beginning a new novel FUGITIVE FATHER ^CmiNCI iUPIII€1®N KiUAIID