/
jj'^i
-=** 'i
REP. SHAFER Orders Investigation’ Of Paper Supply •if Volume 55, No. 121
Established 1889
It Won’t Be Long Now
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
FINAI, DAYS Bring Hard Work, Worry To Many Tuesday, April 13, 1943
Annual Water Show Starts Gala Week Program Coeds Attending WAA Papenguth's Galacade Presents New V-l Marines To Take Spread To Meet At 5:15 York Women Swimmers, Triton Club ^xam Next Tuesday
All coeds attending the WAA Spting Sports Spread tonight at the WAA cabin will meet at the gym at 6:16 p. m. to hike out in a group. This is the clpsing social function of the semester and will be in the form of a very informal gettogether. This event will honor the girls, sororities, halls and wards which have been active this year. Award WAA Skins The most outstanding girls of the year will be announced tonight and will be awarded the coveted WAA skins. The winners of this highest award are selected on the basis of scholarship, leadership, service and sportsmanship. They are chosen by a special Skin committee. Besides the awarding of skins, cluss and intramural cups and trophies will be presented to the winners in the various sports throughout the year. Present Gold Loving Cup The hall, sorority or ward having won the most awards will receive a large gold loving cup, which has been in the possession of Kappa Alpha Theta and North Hall this last year. Pledges to the athletic honorary. Sportswomen, will be announced and gii’ls will receive monograms ^nd numerals for participation in sports—a monogram if they have earned 1,000 points and numerals for earning 100 points. The awards will be presented , after the cabin supper and a short songfest.
Stage,Stump,Studio Will Hold Party Thursday At 7 P. M. The Stage, Stump, Studio, will hold a party Thursday evening at 7:00^in Fowler Hall. Ordinarily this was an annual banquet but due to present conditions it has been changed to a meeting once every semester. This organization consists of the members of the Playshop, WBAA, and the Forensic Club. WBAA and the Playshop will distribute awards to outstanding members of their organizations. The Playshop awards will be for outstanding acting in major I’oles, outstanding acting in minor roles, creative ability, technical ability, and for outstanding service to the organization. The Playshop will also announce the names of new members of the Purdue Players. WBAA awards will be for the outstanding announcet, most versatile worker, superior conteibutiohs to the station, inost original contribution, and outstanding studio actors. Theta Alpha Phi will present a play entitled “Jacob Comes Home” as an added attraction to the program.
By Ray Smith,
As was expected, Dick Papenguth started the annual Gala Week program last night, as all Gala Week programs should start, with one of his beautiful, hilarious, entertaining water shows. The program varied with humorous skits intermingled with racing competition and
attempts at world and pool records.
Participants in the great Galacade came fromallpartsof the nation, with the girls from the New York Women’s Swimming Club providing the spectators with some of the finest swim-
ming in the nation. Students played a major part in providing the entertainmeht with the fraternities and sororities on the campus enacting four skits, the Triton Club holding ing a life-saving race, and the swimming team holding its annual frosh-
varsity struggle. No New Records
Emrick Name Men To Rank Of Musician
Naval Officer To Meet With Coeds Today
Professor P. S. Emrick, Director of University Military and Symphonic Bands, has appointed the following men to the honorary grades of Musicians, having at-
Lieutenant Mary Dailey from the
In the serious swimming where Chicago branch of the Naval Offiattempts were made to lower world cers Procurement Service will be and pool records, the swimmers on campus today as a representa-
tainel the drgTeTorprofickncyTn 5^°^ quite equal to their tasks, tive of the WAVES and SPARS to the nlavine- of their in^triimentc; koy Heidke, who has equaled the interview anyone interested in joinand haviS Svan^d theh teS for the 160 Ing these set^iees. An appointment nical knowledge and appreciation of y^^’d breast stroke, failed in his at- may me made by calling 2966 be-
tempt at lowering the standard by fore 9:30 a. m. on Tuesday. A group 0.3 seconds, negotiating the distance' meeting will be held at 4:00 this in 1:43.9. The freshman relay team afternoon in Room 263 of the
music.
To be Chief Musicians are F. T. Hemler, J. A. Shaw, and I. J. Gross. Superior Musicians are R. F. Sharp, A. R. Balitz, P. 0. Dodge, R. A. Vining, J. L. Snyder, J. H. Watters. Principal Musicians are R. V. Evanson, R. L. Weigle, R. E. Hill, W. Winger, R. S. Macy, J. J. Bonner, |C. L. Hemmer, G. Mariani, C. H.
Cosand.
Musicians Rank Those attaining the rank of
composed of Ed Knoth, Gene Womble, Phil Hansel and Don Leach, swam the 200 yards in 3:61.8 in an attempt to erase the freshman rec-
ord of 3:50'.2.
In the 150 yard medley relay, the New York Women’s Swimming Club team of Betty Shields, Barb Yodice and Marilyn Sahner came very close to the world’s record of 1:37.6 when they beat the team made up of Cath-
PIA Opens Petifioning Rothenberger For Chairmanships ^Music For Next Semester Activity Award
Musician are R. J. Reed, B. A.
Woodhull, R. F. Harrer, J. W. Mor- erine^Wernertrf^ New York, Fl^r-
gan, W. R. Pavelchek, N. A. Hin
Petitions for various appointed jobs in the Purdue Independent Association may be submitted by any unorganized student before 4 p. m. next Monday, according to Chick Rezek, vice president of the organization. Petitions require no signatures and students offering them should be prepared to present themselves to the board members for selection Monday afternoon. Positions open include political chairman, publicity chairman, men’s and women’s social chairmexi, men’s and women’s activities chairman and membership chairman. The seven positions are open to any independent student who is not necessarily a member of PIA and who may hold the job for two semesters. Responsibilities of the political chairman include organization of political functions, while those of the publicity chairman demand that he keep the Association’s activities in the eyes of the public. Handling of dances and their aiv I'angements are the job of the two social chairmen and organization of touynaments and competitions constitute the duties of the activities chairrnen. Duties of the membership chairman ave centered around the annual membership drive.
At the annual spring banquet of the University Musical Organizations held in the Union Sunday night. Bill Rothenberger, a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, was given the senior award which is annually presented to the graduating senior who has been most active in the Musical Organizations while at the University. Rothenberger received the award as a result of his being a member of the Concert Choir, Glee Club, and University Choir for four years, for having been manager of the University Choir for one year and business manager of the Musical Organizations for a year and a half. The following officers for the next teim were also announced: Dave Simpson, manager of Glee Club; Don Frier, manager of Orchestra, and Phyllis Baker, Concertineister. Other appointments will be made at the beginning of next semester. Entertainment foi the banquet was provided by the Plantation Quartet and also by some of the organization’s members. Betty Wedge served as Mistress of Ceremonies for the evening. Eddie Mack To Play At PIA
ence Schmitt of New York, and Pat Aspinal of Indianapolis in the time of 1:39.6. Phil Hansel beat Ted Lyon in the 220 yard free style freshman race, in the time of 2:28.
Sig Eps Win
Sigma Phi Epsilon walked off with top honors for the skits, winning the twenty-five dollar first
contribution quota of from Pi’^^e. The skit produced by the Sig
derer, F. D. Johnson, R. J. Nelson, R. H. Schnakenburg, H. W. Jones, J. R. Miller, F. K. Bass, R. A. Henley, A. W. Johnson, R. A. Fara, and
C. E. Geib.
Red Cross
three to five thousand dollars for the University was passed, according to recent figures. The total contribution now stands at $5,287.30, $3,676 of which was contributed by the University staff. Last week Cary Hall contributed an additional $600 to their former sum of $91.30 to break the $6,000 mark.
Eps took place in Veronica Lake which is located in the heart of the Cesspool Lake region, and found live ducks, the Sig Eps’ “fleat boat” and a plumber all in the lake. The plumber was called in to fix a hole in the bottom of the lake. In repairing the hole the plumber. Chuck
(See GALACADE, page 3)
Union. Everyone interested is invited and coeds are urged to come.
Qualifications
College trained women’s place in the WAVES or SPARS will be explained and stressed and the oppoi--tunities in the service will be sketched. Lt. Dailey will outline the needs of the WAVES and SPARS, and list the qualifications needed by a girl to enter. No Penalty Days Students are expected to attend all classes on Monday and Tuesday, April 19 and 20. However, many will be involved in Army and Navy examinations of one sort or another, some who live on farms will be expected to help with the spring planting, others will be observing religious holidays. Since there are no PENALTY DAYS this term and the Dean of Men’s office is not involved with the granting of excuses, absences from classes during the remainder of the term must be arranged between the student and the instructor involved. —GOLDSMITH
Campus Mouffipiece... Johnston^s Office Informs Nation About University
Capt. C. R. Wiley Dance Friday
. . . who would have graduated this year, is a bomber pilot on the African front and has recently been promoted from first lieutenant to the rank of captain. Word of his promotion came to his parents. Prof, and Mrs. J. R. Wiley. Capt. Wiley was cited last month for his participation in a number of expeditions over the enemy lines. He left the University in 1941 to enlist in the Army Air Corps and was on duty in England before being transferred to the African theatre of war when the big push started there. Commencement 1200 commencement announcements will go on sale tomorrow afternoon at 1 in the Cashier’s Office. Price will be two for five cents. These were ordered after the supply of programs was exhausted.
Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual spring semiformal dance next Friday in both ballrooms of the Union at 8130 p. m. with music furnished by Eddie Mack and his orchestra, according to an announcement by Norman Augsburger last night. Tickets for all non-members will be $1.10 per couple while members will be admitted free on presentation of their membership cards. J This is the last of the four large dances sponsored by PIA for the independent students on the campus which have featured Russ Morgan, Tiny Hill and Laurence Welle for the three previous occasions. Eddie Mack and his orchestra come from Terre Haute and have also played in Chicago hotels. No plans have been announced foi sunimei dances by the new officers.
By Lucille Tostevin One can laiely pick up an Indiana newspaper without finding, somewhere in its columns, an article about the University. How does this come about? Let’s pay a visit to a busy coi’ner office on the second floor of the Agricultural Expel iment Station Building. Here, amid the orderly confusion of clacking typewriters, the constant jangle of the telephone and people flying in and out, the Office of Information carries on its amazing variety of activities. The publicity office, as it is more commonly known on the campus, has much the same atmosphere as a newspaper office, which is not surprising, for its principal function is the gatheiing and distiibuting of news about the University. Three Principal Divisions The work of the office is divided into three principal divisions: gathering and distributing news about the University in general; releasing information on Purdue athletic activities; and its agricultural extension work, which includes the distribution of information about Purdue’s agricultural experimentation work. Director of the publicity office is T. R. Johnston, better known to his friends as just plain “Tommy”. The student’s most likely cominjent, were he to play shadow to Tommy Johnston for a day, might Well be, “Golly, I didn’t realize there was s'o much going on around here every day.
How do you manage to keep up with everything ?” Woodworth Helps And there is Bob Woodworth, that man with the moustache, whose genial smile and easy stride aie a common sight wherever the Boilermakers are competing. As assistant publicity director and athletic publicity director. Bob turns out a goodly number of words each day about the school and the teams. Through its Agricultural Extension activities, the Purdue News Service, which is another title for this office-of-many-names, keeps the farm population informed of the best methods for raising hogs, how to combat crop diseases, canning hints for farm women from the home economics extension department^the list is endless. Glenn Sample, assistant extension editor, whose voice is heard each day on the “Farm Forum” broadcast over WBAA, carries a major responsibility in this work, aided by his assistant, Mrs. Grace King. Senfis Mostly Releases The major portion of the information sent out from the publicity office goes out in the form of “releases” winch are sent to all newspapers, and sometimes magazines, whose readers might find it of interest and value. For example,, a member of the engineering staff resigns to accept a new position. The publicity office is notified, copy prepared by a member of the staff, and along with a cut or mat, a release
Naomi McElwaine Will Speak To Club In Union Tonight Another session of the International Relations Club will be held at 7:30 p. m. in Room 263 of the Union when Naomi McElwaine will lead a discussion on the caste system of India. Miss McElwaine has helped her father in his detailed study of the various castes in India. Many features of this system are unknown to most American students and this meeting is intended to clear up any questions in the student’s mind. Question Period Less than a half hour will be devoted to a formal talk, the remainder of the evening will be spent in informal question and answer period. The club’s president, Laurie Wear, has asked several of the members to read recent magazine articles of Indiana, in order to help the speaker along. The University International Relations Club is a national organization, sponsored by the Carnegie Foundation, which has given the club a series of books dealing with international problems, and may jie found on the west wall of the Union Browsing Room. Dr. A. Steindler Will Lecture
Navy V-1 and Marines will take a qualifying examination Tuesday, April 20. All students enlisted ifi class V-1 of the U. S. Naval Reserve who are now in their fourth or higher term and members of the Marine Corps Reserve who are in their third term or more will be given the test. The test will be given in two parts, one part given in the forenoon and the other in the afternoon. The place and hour of the test will be fixed by the Navy and wiH be announced in Thursday and Friday’s Exponents. Tests Given All Over Country Similar qualifying tests will he given on the same day and hour m all colleges having a naval and marine reserve. Pre-medical and pre-dental students may be excused from this test by the University navy representative but they are urged to take the test in order to qualify for other duties if not selected f^ medical or dental training. • Members of class V-1 and Marine Qorps Reserves who pass the’ test will be permitted to remain in school as a part of the Navy V-12 accredited college program. Remain Until July 1 According to plans given out by the navy at a meeting of Deans of Engineering Colleges in Washington recently, it was learned'thijt members of the Marine Corps Reserve will be permitted to continue their present program of study and will be placed on active duty about July 1. Students required to take this qualifying examination should arrange with their instructors to be absent from scheduled classes during the hours of the test.
Tonight At 8 President Elliott
of the story is sent to the local newspaper and possibly other Indiana papers, and sometimes national publications. This is just in an ordinary day’s job but much of the news material released is of larger scope, i-equiring the work of several NYA students to type and mail. Not only is extension information sent out through daily releases, but material is prepared each week for use by the newspapers in their weekly farm pages; articles are written informing the public of new things in agriculture, new bulletins prepared by the Extension Department, crops reports, short courses and training schools are publicized for those who might like to attend. Of course, pictures are taken and used whenever possible, to illustrate
University activities. Presents Farm Program
In addition to its written work, the publicity department presents daily over WBAA a half-hour noon bi'oadcast called “The Farm Forum”, and recordings on agricultural topics are made and sent to county and home demonstration agents who use them on their local radio stations for the benefit of the surrounding rural communities. Movies and colored slides are used whenever possible to give the public an idea of the University’s work in war
training and agriculture.
Through the written word, radio and movies, the Office of Information keeps the University constant-
ly before the public eye.
“Bio-mechanics” is the subject of a lecture which will be given tonight at 8 in room 108 of the Physics Building by Dr. Arthur Steindler of the department of Orthopedic Surgery of the University Hospital of Iowa State. The American Association of Scientific Workers, which is sponsoring the lecture, is holding it open to the public since it is expected to interest physicists, engineers, biologists, physical educators, and bio-mechanics as a result of Dr. Steindler’s, work not only in surgery, but in theoretical investigations of the physics and mechanics
of joints.
A banquet honoring Dr. Steindler will be held before the meeting in
the Union at 6 p. m. Registrar
Issues New
Schedules , Hope for those returning to school next semester appeared yesterday in the form of a new schedule of classes. The thickness although small was reduced by no noticeable dimensions; however, on viewing the contents the lack of classes in the agricultural courses was pro-
nounced.
Uncertainty Also for engineering courses in which a number of classes were scheduled, lack of certainty as to instructors in the separate classes was evidenced by the fact that one professor’s name was written against all classes in the course. This was most marked in classes taken by all engineei's. Delta Gamma . . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: Martha Lee Riggs, president; Carol Lee Robles, vice president; Jeanne Rhode, secretary; Ruth Wilcox, treasurer; Mary Ann Click, pledge mistress; Ruth Ann Job, social chairman; Lois Reiman, rush chairman; Elizabeth Ford, Pan-Hellenic representative; Betty Harrison, house manager, and Catherine Leuty, historian.
Home; To Remain On Army-Navy Board President Elliott is home from Washington and will be on the campus for the next week or ten days. He has been on leave of absence since last June heading the division of professional and technical training of the War Manpower Commission. Elliott resigned last month but will continue as chairman of the joint army-navy manpower commission committee on selection <rf institutions for technical training for the nation’s needs. ' He arrived in Lafayette Sunday and will spend most of his time on the campus with only occasional trips to Washington. Dairy Club Closer Up Shop For Summtr Members of the Dairy Club have closed their activities for the semester with the departure of the president, Buford Butler, senior Ag. ' Activities of the club in the past have been to sponsor a Dairy ^ay at the end of April and to organise a judging program. Activities Wdre curtailed this year due to lack membership and time for the various programs. Membership has totaled approve!mately 20 students during the past
semester.
FAO Will Send Rush Books To New Fro^ According to the latest report from the Registrar's Office t^ere will be over 126 incoming fyiQ^men men this next semester.'ih accord with their usual procedure, the Fraternity Affairs OjB^ce wi|l send out i-«sh booklets to al| '«f
these men.
At present the office is getting the names and addresses of men. The booklet itself is much same as those formerly puhlw^ however, the cover is priiito4 fe gold. ' ■’-Wf-T''
'jt ‘
,W'T.
f&
£
0
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, April 13, 1043
PuMtie Exponent
Offices; Edih>rial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sport'S, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. ni., 5377
Honorary Editor William G, Hoskins
With the Colors
Editor.. Bnsiness Mmairer NoWs Editor Manasine Editor Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Execiitiic
Dale E. Butz Gerhard H. Kloumnn Robert W. Hos'B'inklc Sally Beall ■James G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associote(Edilors; F. J. Vegh, J. T Richardson, T. L. Tilton, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staffs Phyllis Mann, Martha Leo Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J Ackerman, D. Shrycr, R. Smith,
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. „ Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. H. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-chief..
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sguier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: M. Smith Sporis Editor: R. Smith Day Editor: WTlbur Issue Editor: Stultz Workers: W.atson, Lipes, L Smith, Hower, Richardson, Gregory, Dominik, Drake.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1193, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mddison Ave,, New York, N. Y.
Last Minute Rush
Although the winter term of 1943 is coming to its end at a somewhat earlier date than its predecessors in years gone by, the amount of work, reports and other things to be done during the last week is as large, if not larger, than in any previous term. In many University courses tests wall be given on practically the last day in order that the instructors may have one final check on the records of the students before issuing grades. In other courses reports have been assigned which will be due during the last week of school. In a few courses the instructors have been talking about everything but the subject matter during the term, and they suddenly discover that they have not covered everything which is included in the course outline. Consequently, they hurriedly make large assignments in order that they may cover the prescribed material. Other instructors still have a soft spot in their heart for the old, out-dated final examinations and find it awfully hard to break a\va,y from the old system. Since finals do not legally exist, these instructors give an hour test which takes about three hours to finish and count it in on the grades as if it were a final examination. This avalanche of work at the end of the semester can by no means be blamed entirely upon the poor instructors. A large part of the cause can be traced directly to the negligence of the students in allowing their work to pile up during the semester. Suddenly they come to the realization that their work must be completed if they hope to get credit in their courses. So they set to work and try to do a semester’s work in a night or two. This combination of heavy assignments on the part of the instructors and laziness on the part of the students certainly creates a mess during the last few days of the term. The work which is done is necessarily hurriedly and often sloppily done and the instructor is so rushed that his grading can not be properly accomplished. Certainly the students can not gain much information or derive much good from work which is so hastily worked out or copied. This situation has always existed and will probably continue to be one of the necessary evils connected with University life, but it does seem that some corrective measures should be taken. Although it is too late to do anything about it this semester, there will be other terms when the same situation will • probably arise. In the first place the instructors should outline their courses and then follow the outline in order to eliminate the necessity of assigning a semester’s work during the last two weeks. In the second place the instructors should be stifet enough with the students that they v/ould be encouraged to get their work in on time and would not allow it to pile up toward the end of the term. Students should, also take it upon themselves to keep abreast of their woi’k in order to help eliminate the confusion which is beginning to exist this week. Neither the students nor the faculty like the piling up of work which always occurs at the end of the term and yet neither of them seemingly do anything about it from one term to the next. If something could be done to remedy the situation, it would surely benefit everyone concerned and make the last few days'of the tei-m a happiei- time in which to
San Piego State college pubb&he.s a regular Service Men’s News Letter.
Iowa State college short courses drew a total of 12,502 persons to the campus last term.
91>e mSUMTOK ‘ Tm Re, U S Pel 0« merry-GO-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON
Parade 6'f
Opinion
The Ratio
3.55... to 1
Jtllt Looking Aroilnd
Press Covers Food Conference
Against judgment Of Roosevelt; British jail U. S. Newspaper Critic
WASHINGTON—Behind the proposed banning of the press fro'm the International Food conference was a test of whether the press and the public should be in on future international conferences, particularly the Peace Conference. When the press censorship code was first devised, the State Department wanted criticism of foreign policy and diplomatic discussions barred from press comment, but other Government departments refused to back it up. So also did Chief Censor Byron Price. Later, however, the State Department squeezed into the censorship code a very loosely worded rule banning “premature disclosure of diplomatic negotiations or conversations.” Just what “diplomatic means, no one quite knows and its interpretation largely depends on the judgment of the censor. However, the real test came with announcement of the International Food Conference, when the President volunteered the statement that the press would not be permitted in the neighborhood of the town (Hot Springs, Va.) when the conference was to be held. After this announcement, the President asked' Press Secretary Steve Early what he thought of the idea. Early reacted against it. The President, not pleased, went on to push his point home, explaining to Steve that he didn’t want newsmen buttonholing delegates to find out what was happening. Early shifted his ground, concurred with his Chief. However, OWI directoi’ Elmer Davis did not. When he heard this news, he emphatically differed with his boss in the White House, argued that newsmen must be permitted to cover the Food Conference, and this was no time to begin infringing on the right of the public to know what was happening. He won his battle. The victory is not so important regarding the Food Conference. But it is important as a precedent when it comes to writing the peace— an event in which the mother of every soldier son will be vitally interested. • Congress-Baifing Doesn't Pay And as a further lesson to anyone who dares ruffle the feathers of a Congressman, or even remotely insinuate that he does not have a lily-white soul, here is what has happened to a key FCC witness, Edward J. Lord of Orlando, Fla. When Lord was manager of Station WALB in Albany, Ga., he was incensed at Cox’ activities, and later appeared as a witness before the FCC. While on the witness stand, DeLacey Allen, attorney for WALB, threatened him with criminal ^piosecuti,bn if he proceeded with his testimony. The trial examiner immediately called Allen down for trying to intimidate a witness, and Lord proceeded to testify. Since then DeLacey Allen’s threat has materialized. Lord has been indicted by a Georgia grand jury on the charge of “larcency from a house.” This is based on the fact that Lord copied about 18 documents in the files of WALB pertaining in part to Congressman Cox’ activities, and also removed one oiiginal letter. Today in Tallahassee, Fla., the state of Georgia will ask Governor Holland of Florida to extradite Lord, the man who didn’t realize that a Congressman cannot sin, and who dared to testify against a member of the exclusive club on Capitol Hill. ® Park By Asiother Name
With a cash outlay'of only $30, Leonard Klusman, star athlete' at the University of Cincinnati, believes he has solved his autoiDobile and tire problems for the duration. Klusman is the proud possessor of two ancient flivvers and 11 tires of equally antique vintage but all in good condition. This* transportation bonanza was cicquired for $30 from a retired rural route mail carrier. Klusman uses one of the cars, a 1921 model which is two years older than its new owner, to ride in, the other as a source of replacement parts. Five of the tires are on his car and the other six, all with good treads, are safely stored away. With gas rationing, Klusman believes he has less to woi'ry about than most car owners, since his jalopy gives exceptional “gas” mileage. Klusman has only one worry as far as his “new” 21-year-old car is concerned. He hasn’t yet been able to persuade the girl friend to rid in it, friends report.
LOVE BY MAIL If more affairs like this pan out, we’re going to answer a few of these Lonely Hearts Club advertisements. To get on with our story, the following is reprinted from Monday’s Journal-Courier: “Mr. and Mrs. John B. Curtis, . . . the engagement of their daughter, Donna Jean Curtis, to Lieut. Phillip J. Badell, . . . The brideelect is a sophomore at Purdue University.” And so on. The facts behind the case are that Donna has not seen her future husband for over a year and a half, but has kept in contact with him only through the mails. Furthermore, -we wonder if the Lieut, knows that Donna had DU Slick Smithers’ pin from the beginning of this semester till about three weeks ago. Wo think not. Nothing like keeping two men on the string, we always say. We wonder if she has any more boy-friends around the country. To top things off, the Lieut, was a DU himself, at Indiana. Brotherhood glorious!
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
The United Nations food conference to be held this month in Hot Springs, Va., has created a controversy between Wash-
ington officials and Governor Colgate W. D,arden, Jr., of that
:srte V
state. The Governor heard reports ^t the State Uepartment
might ask Virginia to relax its liquor rationing.laws for. the benefit of delegates attending the conference and also that
they be permitted to bring
“Scholarship, alone, in times like these, is not enough. Thei’e must be scholarship, yes; and it must be utilized in every way possible to further the cause for which we are fighting. But something more is necessary—a collective something hard to define, yet easy to understand; loyalty, courage, perserverance, sacrifice, devotion, faith and singleness of piu'pose—in war or peace these human qualities are an ever present requisite of national greatness. But in time of war they acquire a new and deeper significance, for through them a nation’s war effoi't can be focused. Scholarship today, without these values to motivate it, is certain to be inadequate; scholarship, driven by the power these values generate, will help us as a nation to attain the victory we must win.”—President W. C. Coffey of the University of Minnesota calls attention to the new role of scholarship in wartime.
Wyoming’s ciudite Senator Joe O’Mahoney is blazing mad at his old friend Secretary Ickes for turning the famous Jackson Hole hunting and grazing area into a national monument. Some of the leading cattle men also are irate because they say it will remove vitally needed grazing land at a time when meat and feed are so important. Some 20,000 cattle could be grazed on the Jackson Hole area, the cattle men say. Ickes, however, has met this argument immediately by ruling that cattle shall not be disturbed, and that cattle men can continue their grazing activities in the area, exactly as they have in the past. However, the friendly low between O’Mahoney and Ickes goes deeper. For a long time, John D. Rockefeller, who owns a large part of Jackson Hole, has wanted to give it to the government as a national park. But Senator O’Mahoney and many Wyomingites were opposed. Furthermore, it takes an act of Congress to create a national park, so O’Mahoney had Ickes blocked. However, the law provides that the Secretary of the Interior may create a “national monument” without an act of Congress. Actually there is not much difference between a national park and a national monument, except the size and the name. So Secretary Ickes has now taken advantage of the Rockefeller gift and made Jackson Hole a national monument.
• British Jail Newsman Reason New York Times Correspondent Frank Kluckhohn was jailed for ten days in North Africa by the British Army was that he impugned«.thc motives of British milita^'y leaders. He tried to send a service message to his paper in New York—not for publication but for the editor’s information—to this effect: The British are using other troops to do the dirty work in North Africa, so they can march up the coast to victory. It is suspected here that Kluckhohn heard this tale ot criticism from some disgruntled French or American soldiers, and sent it on for the information of his editors in New York. But the censor caught it, and referred it to Gen. Montgomery, who is a rigid disciplinarian. Incensed and infuriated at the “utter falsity” of tlip story, he is reported to have said, “They call me a martinet; well, by God, this time I’ll behave like one.” So he threw Kluckhohn in the clink for ten days. Note: When Montgomery commanded the Third Division in France, before the fall, he called it the Iron Division, and look great pride in the ability of his men to do all the dirty work of war. Comrades sa> he has the same feeling about his Eighth Army. • " No Ships From China The deal to give China a pair of Liberty ships is off. It was going to he a tine United Nations gesture, with eliribtening by Madame Chiang Kai-shek, and names supplied by tlie Generalissimo himself. But a low started over wages foi the Chinese crew. (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 1)
A THOUSAND TIMES NO We regret to say that we'-’had our facts wrong recently when we announced that Delt Tiger Elfvin was soon to marry Bubbles Donnely. We hear that Donnely immediately began shopping for a trousseau, but the Tiger put a sign on the Delt bulletin board saying “No, Definitely No.” While we’re on the Delts, we’ll mention that Dick Collister put his Delt pillow on Marilyn Meyer.
“Democracy, we think, is the best possible soil in which to cultivate human fi’cedom, but that is not necessarily so. All that we can do, all that we should attempt, in the fateful years which will follow the conclusion of the war, is to help create an era of tranquility; to foster a wholesome economic order; to elevate living standards and reduce want and privation; to pi'omote the spread of education and understanding ; to rebuild, with all of the wisdom we can command, a fabric of international law, and to compel its observance, by force if necessary. Given this, the peoples of the world must first develop and then maintain by their own efforts the freedoms they would enjoy.”—Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox cautions against the desire to force the American way on other nations.
ANOTHER ONE By the time you read this. Beta “Swede” Olson and Kappa Jackie Wells will have been married for one day. Again, congratulations, we’re happy for both of you.
HOLD THAT POSITION One of the stage hands working on the play “Roberta” at Ohio University was confronted with a startling situation the other day. The stage hand, a girl, was sent out on the stage to fix a prop. Stage lights immediately popped on for the dress rehearsal and she was left holding the piece of scenery. She was finally rescued by a gallant ed who crept along the floor to fasten the stage prop in place.— Ohio University Post. E-P HELLO? MR. ROOSEVELT Persons stepping on one of the city hu.ssos in Austin, Texas, the other day wore confronted with the polite greeting of “Hello, Mr. Roosevelt” and “Come right in, Mrs. Roosevelt.” This went on for some blocks. When the mystic stranger started to get off the bus one of the University of Texas students in the back yelled, “Goodbye, Mr. Roosevelt.” The whole bus then broke into a storm of laughter. —The Dai!> Texan.
FINIS One tiling more before we knock off for the day, and that is the pinning between Alpha Chi Marge Burroughs and Phi Psi John .‘Vrnold. Also, for the benefit of all of you who don’t know who’s responsible for this colyum (there aren’t many anymore), the name is Roquemore. My friend and cohort in the dirty work, Danny McKirnan, left for the Air Corps Friday, so you have only me to chase. And I’ll be graduating in a week, too (I hope). No hard feelings, it’s been fun.
Special Stadb Toyr On lisicflit Of Radio
Hobson, Hiqqi
k\ EE Conference
SPEED-UP FOR GIRLS? While the question of acceleration ceased to be an open issue for the men’s colleges soon after Pearl Harbor, it is still debatable for women’s education, in opinion of Roswell G. Ham, president of Mount Holyoke College. An immediate and obvious comment, he feels, would be that since women of college age are not concerned with the draft, there should be no necessity for them to advance the year of their graduation. “But,” he continues, “that answer takes for granted certain promiaes which may not be altogether sound: First, that this is a man’s war; and, socon'd, that college women should continue in the leisurely pioccss of liberal education, again.-,t the day when the world will need their philosophy and ai L. “Such a view would assume that the men’s way of acceleration is only concerned with the attainn\cnt ol skills ahd sciences to win the war, and that for the duration they are dedicated to an illibeial and unbalanced scheme of education. Of this danger both the men’s and women’s colleges are well aware, but the latter are equally aw'are by this time that total war takes no account of sexes. “The second aiguniont, that women constitute a leseive against Ihe^ future, is more tenable. “Wo are posed with two problems: One, whether the piogram of acceleration is w'orth while for the women’s colleges during the period of the war, and another, whether it« may not be a permanent and justifiable outgrowth of the present emergency. For the fiist I have very little to adtl to the argument. “Leaving aside the aigument that acceleration carries wdth it a whole train of headaches for the administrator, wo may examine for a moment the chances of its continuance after the war. The arguments (See PARADE, page 1)
J. E. Hobson, who received his B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering in 1932, and his Master of Science degree in EE in 1933 from the University, and T. J. Higgins, who received his Ph.D. from the California Institute of Technology in 1941, were paiticipators on the electrical program at the iccent Midwest Power Conference in Chicago. Dr. Hobson was the chairman of the Electrical Section which held its special meeting at the conference. At present he is the Director of Electrical Engineering at the Illinois Institute of Technology. Dr. Higgins presented a paper at the conference which dealt with Direct and Low Frequency Bus System Design.
WBA.'V will feature a special studio tour bioadcast Wednesday afternoon at 2:30 p. m. The program will endeavor to paint a picture of how programs are formed, how they aio put on the air and the piocess by which'they roach listeners’ radios. Interviews with Mr. G. D. Williams, in-ogram director of WBAA; Mr. John Ditamorc, station managei; and operators both on the control board and at the transmitter will bo highlights on the broadcast. Listeners will be taken verbally through the WBA.A. newsroom where operation of the teletype machine will be explained as well as the process by which news is gathered and edited.
their own liquor. Colgate- recently has stated that the rule, under no circumstances, will be relaxed. He went on to say, “If the delegates begin breaking the law, the federal government will be busy down here bailing them out.” It seems as if they aren’t handing out “C” cards for liqUor to anybody right now in the Tidewater State. X-X-X Representative Paul Shafer (Rep., Mich.) recently has ordered an investigation on whether the government' contemplates curtailment of newsprint and paper. The same resolution would inquire as to whether the government w'ill require Federal grade labeling of articles and the discarding of all private brand names. In regard tq the scarcity of newsprint. Representative Charles A. Hallack (Rep., Ihd.) charged that this w'as a Canadian problem because 75 to 80 per cent of this material is obtained on the other side of the St. Law rence. As the past week drew to a close, the movement in Congress to insure freedom of the press was coming stijl closer to a climax. , X-X-X Duo to the many new WAAC training centers which are springing up throughout the South, military policewomen are now a fairly common .sight in some localities. These custodiams of feminine oi-der are armed with only a whistle and a flashlight—plus two army MP’s for the psychological value. Chief problem of the new army branch is to see that WAACS on leave conduct themselves as ladies. According to reports, inebriation tops the list of unladylike actions. It seems that the army thinks a girl is still a lady even if she is in uniform.
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Esso Laboratories, Baton Rouge, Louisiana—April 19. Interested in organic chemists.
Suinmcr wo'rk for undergraduate.:. in Fore.st Conservation Service. North American Rockies. See Professor E. R. Mai tell for fui'ther details. Union Oil Co. of California, Los Angeles, California—ChE, ME, EE. A representative plans to visit the campus in the near future.
THE PLAYERS INCLUDE JOHN GARFIELD GIC YOUNG • HARRY CAREY • GEO TOBIAS ARTHUR KENNEDY; JAS. BROWN ' JOHN RIDGfiLY'SCRgENPLAY DUDLEY NICHOLS
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
in TECHNICOLOR havoc WARD eOND • GE0R6E BARRIER D.r.cUid by BRUCE HOMBERSTONE Produced by MllTON SPERLING i»t Ueutonont U.S.M.CR.
>Y
Hi
feu
li^April 13, 1943
Boilermaker Sparts
Page 3,
WRESTLERS FOURTH
IN NATIONAL AAU
, ^ ^ L-t. i TOURNEY
BOB WOODWORTH
KEEPS BU^Y WITH
RIVETER SPORTS
Frank Ruggieri Takes Second lii AAU Tourney
Bdb Woodworth.
The
iOcLVSL
By Joe Dawson
the SE*®***’ »SE TJ"'
;w Bpy, AMERICAN CIGARimS " "AND COCA COLA FIRST com IN 3 MONTHS "
"THINK OF IT FINDING A CANTEEN^ HERE ''<K
i "LOOK FELLOWS, i SAME KIND OF BOTTLE WE USED TO GET BACK HOME'
"That’s what a soldier wrote home about. Ask the man in the ranks how Coca-Cola rates with him. Ask the man behind the PX counter. They'll both tell you,‘—when it comes to refreshment, nothing takes the place of ice-cold Coca-Cola. Energy-giv-ing refreshment . . . quality you can count on . . . distinctive, delicious taste,—all combine to prove a point that needs no provingi The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, itself."
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
6th and Salem Sts.
Jdb Arid All About Hiui By Tom Brown Hidden deep in the administrative operations of nearly every business process is a thankless job, a position filled by some energetic person who finds reward in advancements of the
Editor’s Note: Pvt. Jim Ackerman has splashed the waves for today’s column.
Galacade Another Success Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves last iLight at another of Dick Papenguth’s shows. It is no wonder that they did with such stars as Patty Aspinall, the NAAU women’s breast stroke record holder, and the many other stars that Dick brought in from Now Yoik. When Dick sets out to put on a show for the Boilermaker fans, he doesn’t stop for anything, but puts in everything that he thinks will put swimming “on the map” at the University. ^ Mize Joins Great Lakes Last year one of the most formidable baseball outfits in this pai t of the country was the Bluejackets of Great Lakes, coached by ex-Tiger Manager, “Mickey” Cochrane. Again this yeai, the Navy will have another team which will be haid to beat. At first base the Bluejackets will ^e- especially strong with the addition of Johnny Mize, star fiist baseman from the New York Giants, and before that of the St. Louis Cai'dinals. Mize enteied the Navy the past week and will don playing togs as soon as he is through quarantine. He batted a .305 last season for the Giants, finishing fifth in the National League standings. ^ # ► Bluejacket Hitters Two leading hitters for the Bluejackets in the senes oi intia-sqiiad games so far have been Geoigc Dickey, biother of the New Yoik Yankee veteran and former catcher of the Chicago White Sox, and Dan Casey, an outfielder from Bennington, Vt., in the Eastern-Northern League. Mon considerably less experienced than the departed veterans of last year’s team are expected to open against the Louisville Colonels at Louisville April 26 in the first game. ► White Sox-Indians Split ' • ^. jvm Many University gtudents missed a good game when they passed up a chance to sec the Chicago White Sox and the Indianapolis Indians play this week end out at Columbian Park. The White Sox won the game Saturday 4-2 and got beat Sunday afternoon 6-5, in one of the most spirited contests seen around here in some time. The attendance for these games was far supeiior to those that the big league teams had nr the South in years gone bj'’, adding another feather in the hat for the northern training camps this year. About eight hundred saw the game Saturday, and even more saw the Sunday contest. ► Wrestlers Do OK Two of the Riveter winter sports did all right -this year nr the Nationals. Firt Roy Heidke finished fourth in the breast stroke to place the Boilermakers tenth in the NAUU and then this past week the two varsity wrestlers, Ruggicri and Eviston, placed the Riveters fourth in the NAUU wrestling tournament nr New York. Ruggieri lost his bout for the championship when he was pinned, while Eviston finished third in his weight. West Side YMCA of New York won the team crown.
To Oppose Michigan Slate There Saturday Friday afternoon the Boilermaker track team will leave for East Lansing, Michigan, where they will open the outdoor season against Michigan State at 2 p. m. Saturday afternoon. This is the first competition that the Riveter squad has engaged in since the Purdue Relays, more than two weeks ago. However, during this time the squad members have been working out daily on the track in the stadium, despite adverse weather as has been prevalent the past few days. Tough Opponent According to Head Track Coach Hermon Phillips, State will be a very tough opponent to defeat. In their last outdoor meet of the fall season, Michigan State handed Indiana a very severe shellacking. Davis, a dash man, is probably the outstanding man on the State squad. Everybody who saw the Purdue Relays will remember him as that colored fiash that escorted the dazzling white teeth like a bullet down the dash lanes. He should give the local boys some good com-
petition.
Members of the Boilermaker squad making the trip have not been announced as yet.
In 79? Pound Division
By Ray Smith
Frank Ruggieri and Warren Eviston each added more honors to their already enviable wrestling records last week end as they scored in the National AAU tournament held in New York. Ruggieri was runner-up in the heavyweight class and Evison was the third place winner in the 191 pound division. In the team scoring, the accomplishments of these two wrestlers was enough to bring the Riveters a fourth place, was the first opponent to defeat The West Side Y, host of the this season. His lastset4. j. 1 4. 1 T- back came last year in the National tourney, took first place hon- , n • + ^ ors. With Michigan State and gf champion West Side Y Cornell (Iowa) tying for the team took top honors in the runner-up spot in the team scoiing. pound class, when Whittenberg took
the title for the third consecutive year. Second place in the 191 pound division went to Halopac of Cornell (Iowa). He was also a finalist last season in the National Inter-
Ruggieri’s Record
By placing second in the National tournament Ruggieri established one of the best wrestling records ever to be held by a Boilermaker.
He was twice Big Ten heavyweight collegiate, champion and last season placed Foster Entered third in the National Intercollegiate Included among the 115 contestTouiney. ants in the AAU meet was a forEviston does not boast the record mer Boilermaker performer. Jack* that Ruggieri does but he has prov- Foster, who was a member of the en to be one of Coach Claude Reeck’s vaisity squad in 1941. He was
mainstays for the past two seasons. This season Eviston v as runner-up to Indiana’s Hari'y Traster in the Big Ten 175 pound championships. Like Ruggieri, Evie is a senior in the Physical Education school and will receive his diploma this week.
Metzker Wins Title
Metzkei of the West Side YMCA at Annapolis.
wrestling for the Army.
The winner of the 121 pound title at the AAU meet was runner-up to Mickey McDonald in the Eastern Intel collegiate meet last mouth. Mickey was one of the RiveteFs Big Ten champs last season, but this yeai he entered the Naval Academy
Bob Woodworth
institution rather than in his own achievements. ' University is not unlike other business establishments in this respect, for concealed from plain view by the glory or, to
be sure, the shame of the
Galacade
school’s athletic teams is a man overlooked by many when credit is being placed among Riveter officials. Robert C. Woodworth, Purdue’s athletic
oi it. “Who could be elosei to that Tvhich he enjoys ?” questions Bob on the .subject of his tasks. But what type of man is this about whom so
lew know so little?
As one w'oiild expect, Woodworth
publicity diicctor and for several 1^ congenial a man as most per-
years acting athletic diiecloi, acts as the Univeibity’s butfer to ciiticism and its amplifier of cheer. When our spoils clubs are functioning well and winning, it’s Woodw'oith w'ho shouts then talents to the entile midwest, placing pictuics as well as colorful yams in dozens
sons would caie to meet, a trait without which an attempt to handle Ills choies would bo futile. It is no mean tuck to maintain the highest degree of fiiendship with Indiana Univeisity coaches and other athletic officials, with Boilermaker mstiuctois and coaches, and with the
of ncwspapeis. Tiiu\ there is an- student body. This Woodwoith has
other story. When the Boileimakers flonc.
slip. Bob must sotten the often haish criticism with explanations. And lor all this little thanks. No SCI earning “by-lines’ ’nor pictured column heads belong to Woodwoith. Only the enjoyment of placing the Univeisity in the news is liis icward. Haidly a niai tyr, however, Woodwoi 111 enjoys his job, at least most
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
itsmmMmks
LafayeHe, Ind.
Said a cowboy named Texas LaGrange, ‘Tm buyin’ these Stamps with my change, ’Cause each one’s a slap At a Nazi or Jap Who threatens our Home on the range!”
I Rope and tie tbe enemlee of [{[^freedom by buying U. 9. SaT* ings Bondft Get one every pay day*
Among this best fi lends are his colleagues, the iiewspapei spoils w 1 itei s from all ovei the midwest. Suie, paitics and tun compiise a significant pait of the wiitcrs’ acti\ ities and Bob takes in many, but novel have these “social sidelines” iiiaiiagcd to inteiiere w ith the piopci pi emotion oi Univeisity ath-
letics.
^Vc'll Qualified Woodwoi Ill’s qualifications foi his position spiing liom actual paiticipalion in high school athletics and liom wilting as a spoits editor. He pkued lootball at Oak Paik, 111, high school in yeais just lollowing Woild Wai I, having spent two yoais oi that conflict—w’hile ho W'as sixteen and seventeen jcais old— di tying an ambulance m Euiope. Upon his giaduation Liom high school, Woodwoi th came to the Uniceisity and 'qicnl tlnco and a hall yeai, lieie befoio an opjioitumty 111 the fiekl in which he was most piofiisclv Intelested stole him from the institution without a degiec. He became spoits editoi of the Latajette .iouiiial and Courier. While on the campus, Bob co'iipiled a i ecoid as an outstaiuliiig, active student, belonging to many organizations. Hi^ social life contoied about the iictnuics ol his li'ateinity, Phi Delta The La. Altci two and a hall years at the Jouina! and ( ourioi, the publicity poution heie w'as vacated by Bob McMahon, and Woodwoith took over. 'I’hal in 1926 . . m 1943 the same positum the ^ ime iioii-lh inks, the " aiiK' congenial, onei"c‘tic' spoits jiublicity iliiOfLoi, 11-voai-old Rob011 C. Woodw'oi th’-. aie the caics and joys ot iieai ly 19 ycais ot RivcLei athletic piomotnig.
(Continued from page 1) Showalter, remained under water eight minutes releasing balloons, bowling pins, fraternity paddles, and skiis fiom the hole in the bottom of the lake. Second piize was awarded to Delta Gamma for their skits that consisted of ballet by two girls swimming the length of the pool, and several comedy skits with the girls chasing a sailor around the pool several times. The third place was a tie between Alpha Chi Omega and the combined Triangle-Alpha Xi Delta oiganizations. Plenty Ot Diving Any show produced by Dick Papenguth would not be complete without some diving exhibitions, and the spectators had their fill of good diving, both serious and comedy. Dot Williamson displayed the same giaceful ability that enabled hei to win second place in the Women’s National Championships. Miss Williamson performed some very difficult dives fiom the high board w'lth such ease that she leceiveli gieat applause from the audience. In addition to Miss Williamson, Johnny Juengst, Wally Grub, Joe Anthony and Ray Anthony, all of the Riveter swimming squad, perfoimed on both the high and low boards. John Juengst piobably did some of the finest diving of his caioer from the high boaid. Comedy Diving Captain Joe Williamson and Bill Dunn joined Giub and the Anthony twins 111 the giand finale of the Galacade with some comedy dives fiom the high boaid. Calhcime Werneit, Marilyn Sahner, Pat Aspmal and Ruth Lemmeimoyer swam a 50 yard freestyle with the wmneis’ time 29.5 sec*. Betty Shields led hei teammates Sahiiei, Weineit and Schmitt and Pat Aspmal acioss the finish in the 50 yaid backstroke lace. In the 60 yaid bieastvoke, Pat Aspmal deteated her New Yoik competiloi, winning the lace in 37 5 seconds. Heidke’s Portrait In one of the mote seiious moment, oi the show the piesident of the Dolphin Club, Dick Smith, presented a lifo-size poitiait of Roy lleidku to be hung on the noith wall of the pool It is hoped that the pictiiie Mill mspiie othoi young Boilermaker swimmeis of the future to woild’s leco’ds, just as Roy has been able to attain.
Galacade Tops All Previous Pool Shows; Sigs Eps Show Hew Flea Boat To Public
POPCORN Popcorn, Gallon — 15c Furnas Ice Cream — Pint 17c
By S. A. Watson Last night’s Galacade brought quite a few unique and interesting spectajcles before the eyes of the students. The show was similar to the Aquacades that have preceded it, but it topped all previous pool piograms. It had that old “Hellzapoppin’ ” theme, it showed the master showmanship qualities of Coach Dick Papenguth. Heidke Honored On the more serious side of the show was the presentation of the almost life-size picture of Elroy Heidke, holder of the 50 meter and 60 yard world breaststroke records. The portrait was piesented to the pool by the 1943 edition of the Dolphin Club. It will hang on the noith wall of the pool and will serve as a goal for future Boilermaker swim stars. Any future Riveter pool aitist that sets a world record will be honored in a similar manner by having his picture hung on the pool wall. Heidke Only World Champion Sophomoie Heidke is the only man in the history of Boilermaker swimming that has ever set a woild lecord. Coach Papenguth stated lecently that Roy is the best he has ever had on his loster, so the picture was veil earned. The poitrait IS m full color and shows Heidke in his swim suit on the edge of the pool leady foi action It was coloied by a famous tint aitist in Shelbyville and is lealistic to the nth degree. Gad! Another of the many stunts in the Galacade was the diving act done by Chuck Showalter. In adding his bit to the show, Mr. Showaltoi had to stay on the bottom of the pool. 111 the deep end, in a threeIM Schedules B-VSEBALL Tuesday, April 13 4:15 Diamoiul 1 Pill Kappa Vs. Sigma Alpha “ Epsilon. 2 Tail Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Pill. o Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Gamma Delta 4 Sigma “Alpha IVIu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Finals 5 Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. 6 Lambda Chi ,41pha vs Alpha Gamma Rho.
foot trash can. The air supply in the can was very limited, but diver Showalter carried out the act in great style. Some of the PE 12.beys had to stay under water 30 seconds in their semester tests, but think of 10 minutes—gad! If any Navy Officers were present at the Galacade, they will probably be after Mr. Showalter for some work out in the blue Pacific. Oh, well, if the ERC misses him, the draft board will nab him. Flea Boat A new machine for the war effort was presented by the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity last night at the Galacade, In their unusual skit, they featured a new quarter-horse power flea boat. Much publicity has beerl given to the Navy mosquito boat, but the Sig Eps came out with this new design, too small for a mosquito, so they dubbed it the flea boat. On the outside, the boat does not look too complicated, but its de-^ sign and build took hours of hard labor over drafting boards, slide rules, etc. Shh! Rubber The boat itself consists of a large washtub affair. On the outside of the tub IS a huge inner tube made of real rubber—the Sig Eps are sv orn to secrecy about the origin of this rubber, but they have it there on their boat. The boat is under* constant gLiaid, because of this precious inner tube, and it is rumoeqd that it will be put back in the Sig Ep \ault immediately after the Galacade. Military Secret Power to piopel the craft comes from the super-charged outboa^ motor that fits snugly betweea the tube and tub. The actual top-speed of the flea boat has been kept a military secret, but it has power to spare Only one passenger can ride 111 the boat and his stature dmst he of minute size. This is one disadvantage 111 the design. Some of the advantages overshadow this though The boat has power, speed, and maneuverability, it can also be used as a submarine by deflating the imiei tube. This has not been tiled yet, because of the discomfort enjoyed by the operator of the craft. Good Show, Dick! Despite the gieat inventions, clowning, etc., we believe that the Galacade was a real show. It was well worth the half-a-buck and piaise should go to Dick Papet)~ guth When better pool shows are put cm, Papeiignth will put them on.iM' \ v' V ’
4. ^ *-» Mgi4
' 1 Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, April 13, 1943
M Something!... Writer Tells Many Incidents Of tpple, Bookstore ^Doc’
B\ Betty Campbell “How about a fount iin pen ’ The question came fiom “Doc” Epple, half ownei of the Um\eisit-\ Booh Stoie “1 ha\e a pen ’ came the aiibwei “Thioyy it away and get a new one,” was Doc’s letoit With that he laughed and turned to the moie serious problem of selling the cus tomei w'hat he leally did need Doc Epple IS quite a chaiactei around these paits «o I decided to get the loyydown on him I asked foi an inteiyiew, and he y\as both suipiised and flatteied that anyone should y\ ant to know about his life Born In West Lafayette Doc (his mothei calls him Bob) was bom light heie m West La fayette some 26 y’^eais ago Heyyent through giade and high school yyith little tiouble but the Lniveisity be came his doyynfall foi it took him SIX yeais to collect enough ciedits to giaduate Ml Epple yyaiits it made deal that this length of time yv as not due to inefficient biain yyoik but to pool health which caused him to chop out of school tyvice “I intended to be a doctoi ” said Bob, “so I took Science, but I just wasn’t cut out foi that Look ” He held out his hands yyhich yyeie veiy small and y eiy fat When asked hoyy he became intei ested in the book business Bob ex plained that he had been a close friend of the late Mi Soiithyvoith Opens Ow n Store “I used to yyoik at Southyy oith’s yyhile I yvas in school Mi South yvoith taught me the fundamentals of the book business ” he said In 1940 Doc and a fiiend of his, “Red” Sammons decided to open up a book stole of then oyyn, so it yyas that the Univeisity Book Stoie was opened foi business in May of that yeai, one month betoie the youth ful business man yvas giaduated from college When asked if he had any desiie to get ayyay fiom the home to\yn he replied, “No, I like it heie Oh I love to tiavel but I also like to come home to West Lafajette,” yyas the way he put it He has been south to Miami Fla , eight times and to Nassau once He likes to tell about the eoloied bov in Nassau yvho elected himself a com mittee of one to take cai^ot him duimg his stay, and even though that has been some tyyo yeais ago. Bob still gets illegible penciled postcaids fiom the boj Likes Golf Inquiiing what his fayoiite spoit might be he ansyyeied “golf” immediately The “Doctoi” can also loll himself a nice boyyling scoie yvith veiy little effoit “Have you any hobbies I asked, fully expecting a negatne ansyvei, but he fooled me “I collect stamps and lecoidings of good music ” he said, coming veiy much alive when music enteied into oui conveisation He can give the name and composei ot a symphony after heaiing only a feyv bais of it Likes To Eat, Too “What do you like to do mOie than anything else"'’ yyas my'^ next question And again the ansyy ei yvas piompt “Eat” Sphaghetti and steaks aie his favoiite foods, but he declaies that chicken is one of his favoiites also, so is loast poik—I couldn’t name anything that yyasn’t one of his layoiites Doc has a lot ot good cjualitics He IS gcneious and fiicndly to eveiyone Pei haps it is his genuine inteiest in the people aiiout him that accounts ioi the 1 ict that Ik has acquiied so many fiicnds and acquaintances I like college kids he declaied ‘ fhey ic syycll pcoiilc Leevy Writes Article For 'American City' Di J Rov Leevy of the soc!olo,.v depaitmcnt had a icscaich uticlc published in the Apiil issue ol the “Ameiiean C ity maga/ine I he u tide deals with Reeication in Small Towns 01 Communities 1 he study indicates that the faeilit ts toi leeieation aie lad ing in iniin small communities while otheis lu doing a pi city good job with com muiiity iceieatioii and hive jiio vidcd ample laeilities loi itcua tion Such institutions as ehuiehes and schools iiged to coojKiate moii in planning oi leeicational piogiams loi the small communities to ayoid eonflicts 111 the matte i oJ dates loi the holding oi ieeieatioiial events This study includes small Illi nois and Jndiana eoinniunitie s oi towns Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Merry-Go-Round (Continued fiom page 2) Chiness Consul Geneial Tsune chi Yu 111 Noyy Yoik yvanted to pay the Clew Panimanian yyages compaiable to U S standaids Since the Chinese Goveinment yvould oyyn and opeiatc the ships he figuied Chinese seamen could be paid yyhatevei yyages China pleased Hoyyevei, this yyould mean yvage revolt fiom 10 000 Chinese seamen in Biitish ships, plus the Chinese cieyvs of Dutch and Noiwcgian ymssels Chinese on these United Nations ships aie paid much less than the Ameiicin scale even though they haye leceived thiec wai inci eases So Biitish Dutch and Noiyvegnn goveinments uiged that cuilent pay ley els be maintained In this they yyeie suppoited by the U S Wai Siiipping Administration If China yyas to be gnen tyyo neyy Libeitj ships she must pay hei ci ews cm rent Chinese yyages, not U S yyages they ai gued Otheiyy ise there yy ould be a tiemendous yyalk out of Chinese on United Nation ships But Chinese Consul Geneial Tsune stood fast in his demands for the higher scale Result The deal yy as called off Madame Chiang yvill not chiisten tyyo neyv Liberty vessels • Peurto Rican Hotspof* It looks as if the tuibulent island of Pueito Rico would get a neyv Commissionei of Education as a lesult of disiegarding Piesident Rooseyelts iiisti actions that the 1 nghsh language must be made compulsoi y in the Puei to Rican schools the piesent Commissioner of Fdiication Dr Jose M Gallaido has rust recened an acid lepnmand from Secretaiy ol the Interioi Ickes w ho said I am confident that the Piesi dent yyould not hare tendeied you this appointment it he had not had mj assuiance and jouis that this (teaching of l^nglish) would be the key stone of y out school policy I amgrayely disappointed and I shill, ol couise fulfill my obligation to adyise the President as to my feel mgs ’ The yyliole question of teaching En,,hsh on the Siianish speaking isl rnd ot Pucito Rico fl ii ed into the open yyhen the Chavez bcnaloiial Committee visited the isl ind ind Senator Taft unearthed a letter ot the Piesidents yyiitten ■’’o Coirrmis sionei Gillaido in 1931 ui,,iiv It IS nr indispensable part of Amen can policy that the comnn genera tion of Anreiicaii citizens in Pueito Rico -,ioyv up yyith complete facility of the English tongue ” I Hoyyevei Conimissionci Gallaido told the Committee that teaching both English ind Spanish yyas ex tiemely difficult and had not been earned out in the loyyei grades Most Pueito Ricin cliildien do not piogiess beyond the si'tli ^lade so this is equivalent to omitting the teaching, of Eimhsh ilto^ethei Since then Picsident Roosevelt has yyiitten to Scnatoi Chavez ic infoicm^ 1 IS eiiliei position rc f,aidiiiy the English language ind it looks as iJ this would be one ol the hot spots in the iiiobc oi the so called ‘ India ol the M c^tein IIciiiis jihei e (Cojiy 1 i,^lit 191, by United lea till c Sy nclic rtc Inc ) Parade (( oidinuid f 1 0111 ]ia,,c 2) against compussni i loin ycai college into thicc yens hryc to do yyitli the matin ity ol iollc-,c stu (’cuts and yyith the standaids of then educ ition Ais to the niattci oi niituiity thoc is cell Hilly i ])oint of diiiiin ishing ictuitis Init it yyould haidly seem to be dctei niiicd 1 \ i thicc as ojiposcd to a I oil yea I coin sc If only it yy Cl e a 111 itti 1 of i sjiLcdicd amount of knoyy ledge fo be acciimu litcd doubtless yy c co ild jictk the Join y cai s into Jyy o 1 hese 11 r inicnts concei n both men and yy omen lire men s colle,^cs 111 lommittid Joi the dm ition if till 1 to be ,i loim wai the women incic isingly y ill h ut lo bi il then liai t aid unless ill picdietions aic i\yiy they \y ill i ot be contentid to la behind It will sci\t Us yycll to hive ojK 11 minds 1 oi this might also be ha/aidcd tlr it whin tin Ameiicin lull lie diseoyci tbat thcic is noth in sieio iiict about Join yeais it will not c isily leycitto ib iiidoned w ly s Buy War Bonds And Stamps
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Pat L Ebeit, 17, ol Ciorvn Point, yyJio yyas named yy inner in the na tioiial girls’ iccoid contest by the State 1 H Office in Lafayette as a lesult ol hei eight jeai lecord iii I II club yyoik sewed 63 garments and ai ticks, made 205 bakings, canned 108 pints utilized 47 implored loom piactices, took pait in ludging and demonstiations, rvon 1,2J 25 on exhibits and rras a junior Icadei for thiee jeais Placement Notes For Wonnen Representative of Geneial Elec flic Company Schenectadv, Neyv Yolk yvill be on the campus Tues day and Wednesday April 13 and 14 to intervieyv April and August giaduates in Mechanical and Elcc tiical Enginceiing c nd girls yvho have iiiaioied in mathematics oi phy icb Intelvicyys must be sched riled at the Peisoiiiiel Office before II 00 a 111 luesday April Is V rcpieseiitative of tne WAVES Ol SPARS yvill be on curipus lues day ^jiiil 1, Any one iiitei ested in III intcivieyv should call Placement Scivmefoi Woiiicii (2955) by flics d IV nioinin^ April lu 9 0 i ir foi an appointmoiit A gioup meet mg yyill be held luesday afteinoon at 4 00 111 loom 26 > ot the Union T\Ii Liil D A.ichibald Diicctoi of Peisonncl Le ii Avia Inc, Puju i Ohio h IS yy iitton loi yyomen ti lined in cn^incciing di tyvmg toi those al o tinned in mithcmatics and sciciKi toi woil in then Test laboratory C 11 2955 it inteiested Ml (,i ICC A Snriitt iiianagei Cinyoii Inn 510(01 micks Cicek Canyon St ito Pnl Spcncei In (11 111 r needs ^11 Is +01 sii rimer w wi K Chicago Cominoiis, 955 West Gland Vr c me Cliio 1^0 111 i-, r social cttlcnunt desiiing ^iils for sum iici woil Jobs aic yyoikiii^ wi h cl ildicii and jiay s board and 10011 pill i 111 11 cash allowance A i\ one iit'^ustcd should et in touch iiiiiiKcb itcly with Placeirieiit Sen ICC tor Yonicn (295o) Jills J / Stout in oblige—te 1 looms V illiam S Llocl ind Com piny tndi inairolis Inch in i his lUst telephoned ti s ry tint she iccds a supervtsoi in pastiy iiid one to tile chaigc ot the chaning c nd di h loom II vo 1 lie intei Cited y ill you yyiitc hci immcdi atciv ai (1 lot n c 1 n ivy that you aie liplviim It you do not cue to ajr 1)1 ind line icccptcd other cm ploymcnt J hill il o ippicciatc he 11 in^ 11 oni v 011 L R Billiims Sixth U S Ciyil Scivicc Region Repu sent itive room 9 Post Office BhL I afay (t c Indi in i yy ill intcivicyy yyonien (ollc-,c iduatos Satuiday and Mond ly Aji il 17 ind 19 fiom ) i m tool) 1)1 Apphe i'ions yy ill be icce])lcd foi liiiicc 11 ithc Con tiolleis (Aiiyyiy md Aiipoit) Joi ti lining III Chic no S il u y ot St rO pci month plus 21 jici cent ovci time while tiainnig yyith excellent 1)1 emotional oniioi tunitu o uiron coni])lctioii ol couisc liainiiig st Ills between Apiil 15 ind May 15 Foi yyonien yyith one year 01 moic college yyoik and i hmli school ci icci including sub|ccts oi mathe iiiatics mil Ol jihy ics ind oi clieniistiy ajiplic uions y ill be ic cejited loi ii iiniim it f’uiduc I ni ytisily West 1 iliyittc Indiana beginning 51 ly ,id S il uy ‘|,120 pci month yy hik ti iiniii and jii omolion li (lualificd to SI ()20 i yen ])lus 21 1)11 coni or Cl lime loi duty in An iiait Lidio Ic,boiitoiy \\ 1 1 hi I icld Dayton Ohio Do not ipply if eng med in yy 11 yyoik it equal oi
r 10 it( 1 si ill
hid 111 19'’5 ftlaik Panthci ot the Uniycisity ot towa set the Big Icn 1 ivcliii iccoid ot 219 feet b niches He his been coaching lie II ( hie igo sinee then Noyv 111 (Il 1,^11 it the Ninth ( iiolina jne lli^,ht school Pinlhci icceiitly hulled the spe 11 191 icet aJtei i 7 yell I ly off he le pen led to ( o leli (i( I g( Hi e n ill in
Col. Phillips Speaks At Military Smoker Col L S Phillips, father of Cadet Col Louis Phillips, spoke at the Scabbard and Blade smoker Friday night on inaneu-vels at the Desert Training Center ir California Col Phillips IS stationed at the Deseit Training Centei which is bigger than the state of Indiana Following Col Phillips, Dick Ball, class of ’42, spoke a few woicls on life in Officers’ Training School where has has just giaduated as a Second Lieutenant He is stationed
at Fort Sill
Notices
“My goodness, look at that boy eat—He’s just back from week’s fuilough at home’”
Skull and Crescent Ntw initi itos who have not pai 1 initiation fee must do so at once king Tau Beta Pi Shingles for summer class arc av ulablc Stc Stddon at dbO Sis Cary Hall lull cl iss see bt Clair at liiunRlc house foi then shiiiKh^ —SEDDON Camera Club fhosi wh^ had pictures in the exhibit may get them it the west desk
—HAYWARD
All Women Students If you have not st Clued an activities sheet from the AWS ofliee please p;tt one fill it out and ret in it to the office immediately MURPHY Machine Design Courses All drawers in desks in drawing: rooms muslTM vacated and Si left unlocked by April 21 It will be neces sary to remove equipment left aftei that time Ihe depaitment cannot be responmble foi equipment so lemoved \UI f
University Calendar Tuesday, April 13
4 00 P M PIA Tea Dance 4 00 P M Fiaterruty Housing 5 30 P M WAA Spimg Spoits Spiead 7 00 P M Pi lau Sigma Meeting 7 30 P M Giaduate Dames Budge 7 30 P M Flying Club Meeting 7 P M Chiisti in Science Ol ganization 7 30 PM Iiiteuiational Discussion 7 oO P M Vlph i Phi Omega Meetin^, 7 30 PM Daily Club Meeting Wednesday, April 1 00 P M Comm on State of Umvei''ity 5 dO P M POMM B inquet 6 00 P M PIA Boai il B inquet 7 30 PM Maiiiaw.e Couisc 7 iO P 51 Silvei Mask Meeting 7 30 PM Neyycomci’b Budge 7 30 P M 5^aibifv Chiistian Felloyyship
S B ilhoom, Union Room 363 Union WAA Cabin Room 108, ME Bldg E Reception Rm , Union Room 212, Union Room 232 Union Room 263, Union Room 307 Union Room 108, Ag Hall 14 Room 263 Union I 1 acuity Lge Union Room ooO, Union 5V I acuity Lge , Union Room 302 Union Room 263, Union Room 07 Union
ICcamcri ReKiilar mciting will be hU(l luesday iiit,ht April Id at 00
BOSWINKLL
lau Beta Pi Impc riant business meeting immediately iftei initntion Thursday April l-> Must know whcie members will 1h next seVnestci —'WENOLLE Sip:ma Delta Chi Initiates Pleabc see "Wolf and iiay your ties as noon i )iossibk s> that y( u can le tnrclkd in the national u Ol Is Ih il t will lu t be sent in mtil
ill have 1 lid i
I - WOLl
Sports Shorts Bill DeCoiievonl foinici loothdl sfai it 'Soithyyestcin univcisify is stationed at the Gieat L ikcs N iv il Tiaining Station yyheie he has le poiteii foi the stations bascb ill te im He expects to be ti insteuod to one ot the N iv il Pu flight schools foi pilot tiaining in the ncii futuit
Gcoigc Ccitliaml (iptiin mil qii iiteib ick ot Michig ui s 1942 toot hall team has been ayyaided the 5V’estein Gonfeience medal given annually by each Big Ten instiLu tion toi outstanding athletic mil scholastic pioficieney The ayvaid \y IS made hv a committee of the Univeisity iaeultv Ceithiml a senioi ti 0 n C hie igo is in the IN ival \ 7 [iiogiam md will be e illed to active (lutv upon completion of his vvoi 1 this senicstci
Ancl> Phillip G IK V uiee mil I d (5ee) Pailei ol the championship Whiz kids Illinois b isl etb ill team now sec! glo \ on the diamond Philhp who won a lettci is an out fiehlei hut pilcnei hi ii Ih is hkeh to see moie ictioii is a intchei Vince a squadman list season, is ilso in olitfieldei Pulci si th min on the bi kctbill th nipions w IS I ( gill u ill st I) isem ui 1 ist st i lon when he mule onh one euoi 11 se Ison 18 g lines 167 eh iiiees (iipt Alt 51athistn Ken 5Iciil e and Jatl bmilov lem uiiing b isl et ball legulais iie m the aimv Bill Gauett winnti ol st it( high stliool titles 111 the 50 100 md 220 vud (lashes was licm^ ploomed to iLin ioi low i 111 the l)i il i itl ivs but he his liteii di ilted and le 1)01 ts next Mond IV (laiict vv is i tieshmm who hid been woikmg hud md sueetsstulh to make iqi i seliol istie (lelitit ley o he tould comiiete
Ralph Lehr, Killed In Action, To Receive Purple Heart Award I leuten lilt Ralph Lchi who f,i adii itc(l'®>liom the Univeisity in 1940 vvis icpoitoil killed in aetion in India ten eliys ago His paicnts will ictcivc the coveted Puiple Heait Awaid vvhith will be given ]iosthumoUilv loi his gall ii liy and biaveiy m battle Ralph was active in basketball and football at the Lnive sitv and a membei oi Theta
C hi ] laleinitv
Pi Kappa Alpha innountes the iiiiti ition ot the tollowmg 5Villiam Kohlstacdt Paul Stamm Indimiiiolis G^oigc Dmly HmhuisL III J imco Mas sej Piincoton Kenneth Buxton 55 cbstci Gloves Mo William Ken dll Clinton William Jloinu Sul liv m Kean Stii im Kol ui I Baetz hold Buffalo N Y Willi ini Mm,c Iv (iiecneastle Kich ud Young Detioit Pliillm Wibic I niton Rithaid SiKiieci Switc Citv 5(i non Pieislmm 55oicestci, Mass, I oil Peteisen Sehen etadv N 5 Joseph Sutheilin Co ilesville VVhitnev Powci Indian ipolis ml Jack Colcni m H immond
Pi Tau Sifrma Plcdffcs Rou^h initiation fii &d ly nii^ht ai 7 00 in rotm 108 ML build mj, Brn ^ full boxes ind \v ai < Id cli thes GOODRICH / Westminster GirJs Ih mo In f~, will be 1 1(1 luesd Aj ril lu it th West minster Itundatim
IHOMA
A M 21 and 22 Makeup Exams Condi ti 1 al t\ in s will 1 h Id n M( nda\ Ai nl 2b in loom 10 He vilon Hall fiom S to 11 a m SENDERS Christian Seience Orpani/ation I i 1 uj,ulai m jLinj if the ni tei in i m ^ 2 f the Uj ion toiieht 1 i sdi y it k)
SOMMER
Debris Salesmen All ilc-sloiks tef,e hi r \s tl mi i e> in st 1 timed in lue d ly Al 111 1 at Debris b i in i Ifie SKII LMAN Ad>anced Course Students All A 1\ me 1 ( I iir i Stud nts who w u kl i ses iie le (I isted t subm t i t th ii 1 i s 11 LUi tl i t It H t b IK R om B 1 P r due Aimoi\ ly icon W dno lu Apnl 11 HLSU RBEKC
Glider Club Meeting tdnight at 7 30 Election of treasurer and vice prissident will be held —SAUSBUEY Debris Editorial Staff Sophonfiore and aunior meeting today in the workshop at * 4 46 Very important that all workers attend —RICHARDSON Cary Hall Pictures Debris pictures of th(* hall units will bt taken this noon Unit C, 12 20 Unit 0,-12 36 Northwest 12 iO
—RICHARDSON
AWS Executive Board Metting in AWS office tonight at 7 16 p m Dessert party will be held before the installation of new officeih —CORNTHWAITE I Ae S Movie on Goodrich de icors will bo sh)wn Tuesday Apiil IS at 4 p m in loom lOS of the Meehanical Building
BRINK
Scabbard and Blade N(w initiates please sec me as soon ns possible to got your Scabbard md Blade key preferably at 7 46 assembly —HECKARD Playshop Managing boaid will receivo petitions fni-'ull positions this afternoon before 5 at Fowler Hall Those qualified may petition for stage manager business manager person nfil manage! ticket manager publnaty manage i laboratory group dirrctoi anti house managei —GRAY Tau 0eta Pi Informal initiation in room 307 Unaon at 4 p m Tuesday Apnl 13 All pkdj'»’-e'o must be piesent with theme and full box -SEDPON Pi Tau Sigma Informal initiation Tucs day evenmtg at 7 in loom 108 Mechanical Building Eormil initiation Wednesday at p m in tDom 108 of the Mechanical Build nig Banqpet will be held m room 363 of the Union immediately after formal initiation McmJbcib and alumni are expected to attend I C Hockema will speak HAGENMAIER /ouaves The picnic for Thursday has been calkd off Can get refunds n't any of the icKulai meetings this Tuesday Wednesday and riiursdaj at 4pm —CROSS ForeslcTs Field day Saturday April 17 in th wjwds back of the Stadium Events bt n t dt 5 W itch for a notice on the bulletin boBi 1 WEAVER Eta Kapi)»a Nu I oimal initiation bt 4 30 Wediusdav Apiil 11 in room 232 of the Union Lv ijbodv please be present on time PI LTOSALO All Science Seniors Please call at Dean T nders olTui this we k without fail We have some infoimalion that must be handed out —ENDERS Chi Epsilons Meeting Wednesday at 4 r m in ehtm Jind met building room 110 All who leeeivxd letteis please be present —LERNER Society of Automotive Engineers Elcctiens Wednesday it 7 30 p m m room 263 of the Union Reficshments will be i trved —WYND Gold Pepper Pledges and Actives Com- ] ulsory metUn? Tuesday April 13 at 4 P m in loom 10> of the Union MacDONALp f arj Hall Pictures Debris pictures of the hill units 55ill lx taken this noon Unit C 1 *.0 Ur il 0 12 Northwest 12 30 RICHARDSON International Itclations Club Meeting on I iisdav Apnl li will be held in room 263 (f the Unnn al ” 10 p m The caste sys ten f Iidii will be discussed
WEAR
Eta Kappa Nu Banquet at f 30 Friday Aim! U m the old Chestnut room of the Union Lverybudi bung then appetite -PELIOSALO Newman Club Dise ission club meeting 7 usdiy night it 10 in room 68 of the Un on —GROGAN Skull and Crescent Actives Rough initiati n 1 IKS lav Apnl li at 7 30 p m M((t at the buuth md of the Stadium Bring puldis HINES Purdue Players Me t it I wlei Hall for 1 lenie o i Weilnesd i> Ai nl 11 nt 6 p m -GRP ENHILL
NOTICE
We pay ic euch for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought' to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
YOUR SECTOR
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A RISK
DR
HAROLD J RISK
— DENTISTS —
400
404 Schultz Bldg
4th md Main Sts Phono 5701
Vrom Lot Anodes ScamhurC
Classified Ads
TjptwriUrj A Idii),, niiOiinc, a]) nia)(ts B I I UT t( I 1 1 111 I I I I luh IS ] M mco 1.1 I 11 111 (I 1 II 1 bubhull bOoMun i il lisLlt 1 il nc Z 1 ) M Hitv to loan () li imoi els watches 1,(11 s I Cl lyi will Is Albeit b Loan Oil ICC yo ((lumbi 1 inltd—si 1,(1 M I P I I ] X poiuiil \i I h I xponciit oil ICC r c ill K It Iv ill «l 1 I I,si—On K I 1 I 1 B O Citiii, Slid HI ( 11 Ii 1 p III! Hill J ( 1 I 1 I ( il till 1 111 il tin III linin, t t 1 I 1)1 11| t I I 11 t, II I 1 t t 1) U b M 1 b ( ill
Ma l> I OJ
Male iiioinniatc i I I t k i t, 1 , m 0 I (I I 1 ( ill Ui I 1811 Inn d( ublc looms lo \( s ni I i
Patriotic to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and our Government wants woolen goods for the armed forces. CROWN Cleaned Clothes are also mothproofed by the Monite Process. Crown Laundry
mild—W i! J li I i I ni 1 I
1 il ( 11 I ( I I I 11 181
FUSE DRY CLEANING
‘K Yu*