■' " ‘ *'■'<s-'' ^'’ >• 'v
ASr/jvMr-'-
<4,\t . ^ f-A,^^ i, *«* rt„ p^(ii^it^i;{.4r- i !j’fp'.V^'^■5y ■'"ril^'^i 1.' ■*" ,v\,:r!
MERRY-GO-ROUND Takes Kat Off To 'Gen. Marshall
ED»T SAYS Football Team Lacks Student Support
Established 1889
Knocking On Kiev
Volume 56, No. 60
Purduo University, Wesf Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, September 28, 1943
Seniors, Service Men To March In Cord Parade
Senior Coeds Will Sport Gold Beanies Instead Of Corduroy Skirts Saturday
Mahn, Reed Bands Will Swing Out For After-Game Dance In Union
283 Students Make Distinguished; Costas, Oildersliive, Reed Attain High 6
At a senior coed meeting, sponsored by AWS, held last Thursday in the West Faculty Lounge the majority of girls voted on the wearing of gold beanies in place of senior
skirts this year on Senior Day.
The caps have been ordered at the Palais Royal, for all women graduating in December or June, the price being $1.98. A notice will appear in the Exponent when the
caps are in stock, at which time the fashions,' advertis*'ing,"or 'desi'gn
seniors Will be expected to purchase ^
them. Passports must be presented talents. Contests are being in order to take advantage of the gpoagored by Vogue, Mademoiselle, discount. House and Gardens, and Glamour
magazines for young women with a
photography, decoration.
Fashion Magazines Offer College Contest To Talented Seniors Coeds who have a yen for careers
Pan-Hel Council Sets
Army and navy men who have completed seven or eight terms of work here at the University will march in the Senior Cord Uarade with their respective schools, according to Wayne Glover, organizer of the parade. Service men who qualify as seniors are urged to take part
to help keep the tradition going on the campus.
A special section has been reserved for,seniors by the committee in charge of the parade, |^yj|| |^0nj5f|'9f|QD pQf although seniors must be their own proctors. All civilian senior men are required to wear the * ”
A committee appointed to lobk
through the stores and find what flair for was available consisted of Marge and drawing.
Meltzer, Vera Mae Phillips and
• Jean Thompson, who was in charge ,, ....
of the meeting. The committee brought back samples and the ma-
jority voted on them.
traditional yellow cords while I the coeds are going to wear senior hats instead of cord skirts. These hats are to be worn all this year, just like cords, so that anyone can tell who are the seniors. Coeds are asked to be sure and take their passports down to the Palais Royal to get the
discount on senior hats.
Workers Needed
Vogue’s Prix de Pans, an annual
Coeds To Entertain Service Men Sunday At House Parties In an attempt to brighten the social lives of the service men on camSince there are so few seniors P'^^’ ate “canteens”. The first canteen
offers as its reward a position on the staff of Vogue. This year, in addition to Vogue, Prix de Paris winners will also find themselves with careers on other Conde Nast publications: House and Gardens, Glamour, and Vogue Pattern Book. The winners of the two major prizes will work for Vogue. Ten Awards of Merit will carry with them opportunities for jobs on the other Conde Nast publications, as well as serving toe-holds for careers in stores
Herbert W. Beck, of the board of and advertising agencies,
lectureship of the First Church of Christ Scientist of Boston, delivered
Herbert W. Beck Gives Lecture On Christian Science*
Madamoiselle magazine is offer-
, . 1 • • u 1- j mg opportunities in the fashion
his message explaining the beliefs
IFC Will Hold Opening Meeting
Today At 2:30 P.M. This afternoon at 2:30 in the Home Economics Building the PostWar Planning Conference of the
Indiana Federation of Clubs will ^^is year, every one who is eligible
have its onenimr session with an ex asked to be sure and come to ^ ^ ® ^ ® Sunday, Octo-
-"Ch i" The lack of f frU of the Women’s
300 women. President E. C. Elliott material and priorities, and govern- Resident Ha Is, sorority houses and will open the conference and will ^ent restrictions doesn’t hamper to th^sirls’^ discuss wh'it nost war nlannine- in progress of the work on the ® ® respective
tecuss what posl-wa. planmng ,, Following P»s. Elliott will be Dr. workers. For example, there are :;f„„j"r,IX'’en°
E C Youne' dean of the graduate seven metallurgical engineer- . ^ is o bettei acsc’hool, and chairman of the Univer- mg seniors, according to Wayne 7'^Pu^^ sity’s post-war planning committee. Glover, chairman of that school’s ,;,„.Anin,rnKir ^
Dr. Young will discuss the most im- parade exhibit.
portant post-war plans. A dinner It has been rumored that there
this evening will be followed by a will be no motorized equipment in f^q^e^cyTf the occasions are to be talk on city planning by Prof this parade due to the scarcity of determined by the success of the ac-
George E. Lommell of the Civil gasoline but no one in authority Engineering staff and member of will make a definite statement. The
due more enjoyable.
“Coed Canteen” has been planned for two Sundays per month, but the
and reasoning behind the formation of the Christian Scientist faith at a lecture in Eliza Fowler hall Sunday afternoon.
world to all undergraduates from freshmen to seniors. Any coed interested in any phase of fashion work can apply now for a niche on the College Board. Being a member
The church was established by board involves reporting to Mary Baker Eddy of Boston, Massa- Mademoiselle, via .specific assignchusetts, when after rising from campus news from fads what was to have been her death ^^^d Joe-clothes to war activities. At bed, she resolved to discover and de- end of each academic year, fourliver to the meth’bd for curing dis- q£ worthiest board mem-
bers will be selected to act as Guest Editors for the August College Is-
The belief, according to Beck, as- sue of Mademoiselle. With this honsumes a conception of a perfect man or comes an expense-paid trip to created in the image of a perfect New York City. For further details ^d. The King James version of the on how to become a Mademoiselle Bible and the book of Mary Baker College Board-er, write to: Miss Eddy, “Science and Health”, are the Dorothea Zack, College Board Edireligious texts of the church. tor. Mademoiselle, 1 East 67 street. In order to derive the maximum York 22, N. Y. Further details benefit from a study of Christian the Vogue contest will be availScience, one must approach the sub- ^tilo to all aspiring fashion reportject with an open mind and place the office of the Dean of
case and sickness v^hich saved her
life to the rest of the world
the house to which he has been invited. In this way service men will visit many houses and meet new friends. It is impossible to occomo-
ASME To Hold Local Meeting Next Thursday Visiting engineers, members of
no ci'edence in tales told about the beliefs of Christian Scientists by outsiders or scoffers, stated the
speaker.
Beck was introduced by S. L. Bradley ^ of the First Church of Christ Scientist of Lafayette. Piano music was furnished by Mrs. P. E.
Soneson.
Women.
Service Men Need Cards For Games
Prof. F. C. Hockema requested that it be brought to the attention of all service men, who expect to get into football games free of charge, that they must have an Activities Card. If they do not have one, admission will be fifty-five cents per
. . . wife of former assistant chief game.-This is just one of the many accountant, died yesterday noon at priviliges offered by the Activities Grinnell College in Grinnell, Iowa. Card.
WACS Call For Girls
With College Training Laufek Wins Contest
In Aero-Model Club
Mrs. Chas. Kaufman
Air Raid Otticials Announce Practice Blackout For Surrounding Counties
On one of the nights of October 4 to 7, Tippecanoe county, and the surrounding counties of - Benton, Cass, White, Warren, Carroll, Fountain, Montgomery, and Newton will take part in a blackout, and will be alerted between the
hours of 7:30 to 10 p. m.
“Test Warning No. 2” will be the first warning td the public of the blackout, and this will be given by a two minute steady blast of the sirens and whistles in various plants and factories. At this time all house lights and street lights arc to be turned off, but traffic lights and vehicles with dimmed
lights may continue.
Some time later the next warning will be given by two minute warning blasts and all lights and traffic ape to be discontinued. This warning will mean that the raiders are directly overhead, and anyone in vehicles and pedestrians should leave them and seek shelter nearby. After a resonable time, another test warning signal will be i>'iven.
by sounding two minute steady blasts from the whistles, and traffic may again be resumed with dimmed headlights. All house lights must
continue darkened.
At the aljl-cl(^ar,signal, all lights may again be turned on. This will be announced by police, radio, and
the air-raid wardens.
The University is applying for permission to keep some of the lights on, because of the importaht work being carried on in some of the buildings. All other places must obey the blackout I'egUlations, unless special permission is granted to an application, which can be obtained from the Civilian Defense Office, in the Lafayette Armory. Tippecanoe county is now fortified with 307 air raid wardens, 85 axixiliary policemen, and 145 auxiliary firemen. Paul Royster of the director of the Civilian Defense in Tippecanoe county, and Floyd Wrightsman is the Commander of
the ail' raid.
tivity.
, ^ ^ , . ,, , ,, The Student Senate hopes that the Indiana Economic Council. Also seniors are attempting to keep the , ,, j. u • o.
on the evening program will be Carl nature of the signs and the parade Boester, director of the housing re- in general a secret, and refuse to
search program, who will ^peak on comment,
housing after the war. New Backdrop For Dance
Speakers Thursday will include There will be a new backdrop for gg^gjj gVery Sunday but in Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the di- the Senior Cord Dance Saturday ^j^g £jjy,g gyery man will have been vision of education and applied psy- night, featuring the annual battle invited to attend one of these “Can-
chology; Dr. W. H. Spencer of the between seniors and freshmen for teens”.
University of Chicago; and Mrs. Os-, the coveted cords and mustaches, car Ahlgren of Whiting, president On the bai^kdrop a battle-scared of the Indiana Federation of Clubs, senior flees as the little frosh turns A luncheon Thursday noon will to fresh fields of endeavor, close the conference. Maury Mahn will play for couplesDean Mary L. Matthews of home in the North Ballroom and Harry economics, a member of the Post- Reed will entertain the stags in the War Planning Committee, of the South Ballroom. The dance is free State Federation of Clubs is in and will last from 8:30 to 12 p. m. charge of this meeting at the Uni- Coeds are asked to forget some versity. She has announced that all of their scruples and come to the
sessions of the meeting are open to dance stag. In the past very few the Central Indiana Section and the the public. Discussions led by mem- coeds have attended stag, although University student branch of the bers of the Post-War Planning Cora- it is a very good way, to become ac- American Society of Mechanical mittee will be held after each speak- quainted with seivicc men on cam- Engineers will get a glimpse of the er has finished. pus. Also, it is a patriotic gesture mechanical and aeronautical re-
just the same as working in a can- search work at the University on teen. Thursday, October 7, by making an
inspection of the airpoi-t laboratories, aeronautical engineering laboratories, fluid mechanics laboratory and the genei'al mechanical engineering laboratory. This late
Womeii who have had one or two A6rO‘'PIOO0l LiUO afternoon program is to be followed years of college supplemented by by a .dinner at the Home Economics
business experience may now apply John Loufek, president of the Building.
at once for officers training in the Aeromodellers Club, won the top Following the dinner Prof. Harry Women’s Army Corps. The four honors in the club’s third annual p,. Solberg, head of the School of years’ required experience may also model plane contest when hjs tow- Mechanical and Aeronautical Engibe entirely at college, providing one line glider of original design flew a neering, will introduce the group to has a record of responsibility, re- total of 15 minutes time for 3 flights a series of four demonstrations sourcefulness and leadership to her last Sunday. Paul Scroeder took f^-om the research laboratory. These credit. second plate with a “B” Intercep- include the measurements of Officers in the WAC serve as com- tor gas model and the time of 4 min- bjgb frequency pressures by J. A. pany commandei's, teach basic utes 50 seconds for one flight. Bob Hardy; the application of electrical training and courses in specialist Quinn was third with the time of 4 models to the solution of vibration schools, and command the WAC in minutds 41 seconds using an origi- problems by Dr. C. R. Freberg; the training centers. They also are as- nal rubber plane which flew out of shadow method of studying convecsigned as assistants to high-rank- sight on the last flight and has not tjve heat flow by Dr. W. L. Sibbitt, ing officers and sometimes work on yet been recovered. and stress erosion in steels by J. T.
the staffs of commanding generals Winneis will receive cash prizes Agnew.
overseas. and in addition Loufek will get the plans for the meeting were carOpportunities for advancement Harker Trophy until the next meet, ried out by Prof. H. A. Bolz, secreare many. Interested college worn- The club expects to sponsor one or lary of the section,
en should contact the recruiting of- more meets yet this year. Definite fice neaiest them immediately and plans for further projects will be find out how they may become offi- made at the next meeting, on Wedcers in the WAC. The Army needs nesday, October 6. The meets are many more WAC officers. These open to all, gas and rubber models women will go through basic train- are eligible, and they are held at the
ing and then be sent directly to Of- club’s field.
There will be a callout meeting for WAA cabin leaders Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. After a series of five preparatory meetings, a tgst will be given for those who wish to become cabin
Univeisity Club yesterday an- leaders. At the first meeting, cabin nounced its program for the 1943-44 rules and regulations will be disseason. The first event will be a re- cussed. First aid hints will be taken
Plan Club Activities ception for new members in the up at the second meeting, and camp
Union Building Monday evening, craft at the third. The fourth meet-
Sportswomen, the WAA honor- October 11; entertainment will be ing will give prospective leaders inary, had its regular breakfast meet- music, dancing, and cards. structions about the use of the ing Sunday morning at the WAA Club officers for the present year cabin, the fifth meeting will be a cabin. The eight members who at- are Justus Rising, president; Lau- barbecue. An outdoor supper will tended made plans for mixed recre- rentza Schantz-Hansen, vice-presi- accompany the fourth meeting; ation sponsored by the Sportswom- dent and E. L. Butz, secretary-treas- camp songs and outdoor games will en for members of WAA. iirer. be taught at every meeting-.
Thursday Afternoon Pan-Hellenic council announced today that preliminary registration for sorority rush will be held Thursday from 12 until 5 >p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union. This registration is to merely give the sororities a chance to find out approximately how many girls will be going through rush, which will be held from November 12 to 20. Any girl who has the slightest idea that she might go through rush and who is eligible should register, as there is nothing binding in the registration. In ordek' to be eligible a girl must have at least 15 credit houi's of work with an index for the last semester of 3.6. The following girls will, therefore, be eligible: all girls who enrolled in January, February, April, or May, all transfer students who entered in September; and all upper-classwomen. Advanced standing women will be declared eligible according to the index obtained in the last full semester, and all others from the cumulative index. At the time that girls register they will receive an estimate of the cost of organizing and a list of the rush rules, besides the rushing calendar. Final registration will be held on November 12, prior to the beginning of rush. At this time complete details will be given to each girl concerning sorority rush. Union Sponsors First Tea Dance thursday First of the Student Utiion-spon-soi'ed tea dances bf the semi-term will be held in the North Ballroom of the Union on Thursday, Sept. 30, from 4 to 5:30. Admission will be free to anyone who presents his passport or union card. Records will provide the music. If sufficient interest is shown by the students, members of the Student Union committee-in-charge promised that the dances will be continued and will be held as often as possible.
Three students of a total number of 283 who made a 5. index or better for the summer term, attained the high average of 6. They were John Costas of Muncie, James Gildersleeve of West Lafayette, and Julia Ann Reed, also of West Lafayette. Costas is a junior in the engineering school, and the other two students are freshmen in the science school. The following names are those students who made an index of 5.5 or better: Betty Arth, 5.84; Charles Baker, 6.76; Robert Batchelor, 5.95; Frank Batug, 5.59; Sally Beall, 5.84; Anna Botsford, 5.71; Paul Bower, 5.69; David Burger, 5.69; Dale Butz, 5.68; Anthony Caccavale, 5.50; John Carson, 5.67; Doris Compton, 5.56; Horace Davidson, 5.86; Quentin Evans, 6.62; Margene Fawbush, 5.74. Edward Fmgl, 5.68; Juanita Garlett, 5.93; Mary Louise Haymaker, 6.89; Darwin Heine, 5.60; J. Alvin Henderson, 5.95; James Henderson, 5.81; Robert Henley, 5.86; Jeanne Jlowarth, 6.50; Ralph Howes, 5.52; John Jameson, 6.82; Betsy Jansing, 5.57; Adolph Katz, 5.64; Robert Kling, 5.63; Jean Leer, 5.91; Elmer Lundberg, 5.70; Beth Ludberg, 5.82. Robert Mendelson, 5.93; Robert Montague, 5.70; Brantly Newson, 5.50; Mario Pagliarulo, 5.51; James Palmer, 5.50; Margaret Parker, 6.80; Cayce Parrish. 5.68; Edward Pita, 5.58; Walter Rafert, 5.79; George Ramsey, 5.71; Allan Reynolds, 5.54; Frank Riley, 5.60; Paul Schissel, 5.57; Morty Schussler, 5.59; Peter Schwab, 5.79; Arthur Seddon, 5.53; Norman Seiden^ 5.57. Edward Shively, 5.64; Gerard Smith, 5.64; John Snyder, 5.81; Robeit Stein, 5.58; Mary Lou Sternberg, 6.83; Charles Sursa, 5.64; Don Sutherland, 5.60; Mary Trimble, 5.80; Eugene'Usdin, 5.57; Robert Vickers, 5.84; David Vogel, 5.60; Sister Cosma Wetli, 5.53; Hans Wormser, 5.84; James Yingst, 5.67; Sinesio Zagnoli, 5.68.
Al.Chl.
. . . wishes to announce the election of the following officers for the next two semesters: president— Jame^ Green; vice presidents—Gerhard Langer and Eugene Long; secretary treasurer—William Woltch. The chapter, sponsored by Pi'of. R. N. Shreve, extends an invitation to all chem students and cheni engineers to join the organization and to attend smoker to be held shortly.
Wesley Foundation's Neeley Memorial Completes Year Of Service To Students
V/AA Holds Callout For Cabin Leaders
ficer Candidate School where after the end of eight weeks of officer training, graduateil are commissioned second lieutenants in the
Army.
WAA Sportswomen
I
University Club Plans Activities
By Gerald Geiger One year ago, on September 27, 1942, the Wesley Foundation dedicated the Neeley Memorial Building, situated south of the campus, just across State stieet fiom the University Libraiy. During its first year this beautiful structure has more than fulfilled the hopes of those who planned it. Each Sunday morning a group of sixty to seventy meet here for Bible study. The following are among the themes that have been covered: “The Romance of the Bible”, “The Coming World Order”, “The Roots of Protestantism”, and “A Skeptic Looks at the Bible”. A larger group, avei'aging about one hundred, me^ts for an evening service. The course being studied at present is kno'wn as “Understanding Ourselves”. Neeley Memorial also serves as a center for the social activities of the Wesley Foundation, organization of Methodist young people on the campus. Although service men have always been welcomed into all activities of the group, the first social meeting designed exclusively for sei'vice men is planned for the evening of Saturday, October 2. Wesley Foundation is now completing thirty years of service on the University campus. The first religious activity eariied on was that of the YMCA. When this organiza-
tion failed to meet the need of the growning student population, a poll was conducted to determine the church preference of the students. It was found that a laiger group favored the Methodist Church than any other denomination. Accordingly, a petition was prepared, bearing the names of over nine hundred people. This petition was sent to the Methodist chinch, which responded by sending Rev. Aakel F. Hall as the first student'^ pastor m 1914. Rev. Hall resigned in 1916 to become Associate Professor of Sociology at the University. The present energetic and populai pastor is Rev. Eugene R. Balsley. who also serves as Chaplain for seivice men on the campus. Since 1920 the woik of the Foundation has been under the diiection of the pastor of the First Methodist Church of West Lafayette. This position IS now held by Rev. Otto Scott Steele. In their year of occupancy of the Neeley Memorial Building, the Wesley Foundation has come to a new conception of the service they are able to offer the students of the University. They visualize the beautiful and inspiring Chapel, Lounge, and Assembly as making an ever-growing contribution to religious life and thought on the campus.Ife-'^
||vW5i
Page 2
ISf"
Purdue Expon^t
Tuesf^aff September 2S(, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with IPurdue lndependen^
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Ficldhousc, Phone 279Z Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor ^ Basmesn MnnRg:cr Newe Editor l^Biia^inR Editor Sports Editors
Lllis Murph Mary Dilt WiMinm II Tyso Carolyn WUbu Rn^mond J Smith Russell M Lipee
Pubhcaf'ion Staff rditona! Staff As*!orlatc Editors Jnd AlhtU Ruth M Tord Mndelyn A Grolnc Jamr T Richaid*^on Margaict Y Steffes
Business Staff Advertising Mnnaprer C I Cnunt Assistant Adierli‘?ing Mnnai.cr Betty Maney Circulation Manager 11 G baiicrinan
Staff For This Issue Night EMitor Mihott Dav Editor Grotnr Citv Editor Steffes Issue Editor Habla Reporters (i 1? Mnitin B Crej < rv H nhnm R Grcgor\ A^perge 01 Ki if UfM s C oigcs n A perger Rich iidbon Cinctt Ruj t C r^ r Ogd n Sin on W Guber I Giibcr Stcinlcrj
Entered as second class matter at the post office m Lafay ette Indiana under the ict of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the pecn) rate 7f pcstage provided for in section 1103 act of Oe 1 cr 3 191 lUtl orircd January 20 1922 Publi htd on rucs<H^ Tliursday and Saturday mornings dur inu t) t \ t\e It c it i n Nnti t on p no Ib Delivered daily b> cin t_r f r 1 fui m st i bv mail for $1 60 for a Bimcbtfi- Si) cm ti ns m v he fltaincd at the Exponent offiee or at the W st Do 1c of the Union R pro ented f r i it o t1 ^dvcrt1 ng bv National Advertis lip Sei\ a he Coll ge 1 ublibhers Rcprebontativcs 4iSi Madison A^c "Nc v 1 ik N "i
Students Lack Football Spirit
• o •
Thej '=5at Ihcic on the long, wooden playeis’ bench and they cheeied the team on the floodlighted field nith all the enthusiasm and noise that such a small gioup could be expected to luinish Ihey ncie lepiflsentaLives from colleges thioLighout the midwest—Illinois, Purdue, Misboui 1, lo-fta, and on down the list to little Shui tlcff They all cheeicd foi one team —they all chceied loi Puidue Bj the end ol the game piactically all ot them had seen action, and all of them that had played did the best they could to assuie victoij to then team^—a team which many ol them had pla} al against in the past They coopeiated ^\lth team-mates who, a shoit time befoic, had been inals Ihcy won the game and biought \icloiy foi the second time this season to the Boileimakeis because they have been Boileimakeis since they came to the Univeisitj They aie Boileimakeis Puiduc now has the best football team it has had in j^eais When it letuincd to Lafayette Sunday thcie was a leebly cheering ciowd ot some 50 peisons to gicet it, in spite of a campaign to get students to gieet the team on its
letuin
Those lew peisons who met the team Sunda\ aic to be commended However, how many peisons icmaincd at home oi went to the mo\ ICS Sunday atteiiioon when they could lust as well ha\e cheeicd the team on its return? It would seem lhat not many peisons attending the Umveisitj, besides the team itselt, haie the Boiieimakei spin! Wheie weie >ou Sunday afteinooii?—) tr.
Something
To Shout About
• • •
In just a lew days the Thud Wai LoanDiive w ill come to a close E\ eiy American has been Luged to buj one one huiidied dollar wai bond besides aii\ lhat he may alieady have puiehased As ‘-Indents, iL maj be impossible to line*-! Ill a one hundied dollai bond, but have you pill chased bonds oi stamps to the lullest extent ol \ oui ability ■' Ihi-^ wai diue, stalled Septembei 9, needs tile SLippoit ol Unuei^ity students to leach its maximum sueee'-s, altei all, financing a wai against the Axis is a diflieult and complex task I he same old stoiy still holds tiue It is e‘-sential that as laige a sum as possible be seemed fiom iiidn iduals, not only to pay foi the wai but aho to iiisiue economic stability by helpinji to hold down pi ices Ih( goal Joi this aiea was ioui and a halt million dollai w( aie now within one million ol leaehmg oui quota Pei haps theie aie some peojile who ha\e just been thinking, lildijiiing and talking oi bujing bonds, now is the time to put a liw ot these thoughts and plans into aelioii dhe last mile is always the haidest This means that e\eij individual is going to have to give then all toi a good, stiong finish Indiana has led in eveij formei bond sale Ui the ]iast In this War Bond Diive, which ends this I huisdaj, Indiana is lagging behind so tighten the belt one moie notch and give until it huits This is the job of each Ameiitan il he is to do his part m “Backing the Attack” —c j w'. \
VMSHMfiTOH • y DREW PEARSON The Secret Of General Marshall's Efficiency Is Revealed;; Relaxes By Reading, Riding WASHINGTON—In the Nation’s Capitol folks think they know Gen Marshall Congress, which has gone to bat unanimously for him, knows him for his patience with Congiessional probes and his ability at piying money out of Congiess even m the peacetime days When piymg was not easy Aimy stiategists know him as the young officei who executed the most biilliant maneuver of the last wai, the transfei of one million men fiom St Mihiel to the Meuse Aigonne fiont, plus 40,000 tons of ammuni tion, 34 hospitals, 93,000 hoises, 164 miles of railway and 87 depots—all with no enemy aviatoi discover-
ing it
Gen Johnson Hagood knows him as the “most outstanding militaiy genius of Ameiica since Stonewall Jackson”, Peishing knows him as a gangling, sandyhaiied youngster who was his aide foi live yeais, while leal old timeis know him foi the maps of the Texas Big Bend country which he made while a lieutenant and which aie still standaid foi the Wai De-
partment
Otheis know him as one of the few Demociats who have been chief of staff, as one of only two chiefs-of-staff who have not been West Pointers (the other was Lconaid Wood), because his fathei, a Demociat, couldn’t get him into'West Point duiing the McKinley Administiation But few people in Washington know the great secret of Gen Marshall’s ability to keep calm, keep unworned, yet get things done Even Mis Mai shall says she doesn t know the secret—though actually she does Moving about the bedioom of hei home at Fort Myei last week, packing hei bags foi a tup to Leesburg, Va, she shook her head and said, ‘I don’t sec how he does it, really I don’t ” On The Move “It’s all vciy well foi me ” she said, “but does the Geneial get a lest’ ^ot a bit of it' He no soonei gets back than he has to lun up on the Hill to testily befoic that committee (joint Senate and House Mih taiy Affaiis on diafting fatheis), and he no soonei gets thiough with that than he gets into anothci plane and flies away to Omaha to speak to the Legion Con
vention ”
One answer to Mi
rm
— ^ ml Looking Around
By Jack Abbett ' Germany's last line of defense before the Dniester‘River in the south and the great swamps of central Poland is at,pi‘daeht under the fire of the Russians. If the Russians should through the Kiev defenses, and there is no reason to supple that the Russians will fail, they will be on the doorstep of |ilmost completely clearmg the Nazis from Russia. Kipv iSfthe center of the German defenses, ly.,
Person&bl
7P-&‘X
W
apd its fall should be one of the most important victories of the whole war. Germany has al-
ways said that their line run- Compames scheduled to visit the
nmg thrpugh Kiqv was the last
National Union Radio
tion, Newaik, N J —September 29*
line of mam resistence, but the Ger
mans at the time they made such a J^te’^est^d in E E , Physicists,
statement did not realize that someday they would be fighting along
Consolidated Vultee Airdyi^fi Cor-
this very same line The fall of Kiev Fort Worth, Texas-Sep-should be announced m a matter of Interested in A E, C E ,
days, and with the announcement of , E E
Its fall, beads of sweat will begin to Bendix Products Division, Ben^ix fall fiom the foreheads of the Ger- Aviation Corporation, South Bend, man leaders, for they will have the Ind—September 29 Interested rn
hot breath of the Russian Bear in M E , A E
their face and that will mean death Abbott Laboratories, Noith Cbito many German civilians. cago, 111—September 29 Interested The once much talked of Nazi Bacteriologists, Ch E, Chemists
military machine is also being S ).
Doctor Perkms'“is"coming out of retirement—I supA
General Electric Co , Schenectady,
, the combined forces of England, N Y—October 22 Interested m
pose it doesn t matter if he remembers much, as long as he Canada, and the United States The Chemists, ChE, ME, CE,
uses sulfa drugs ”
Piayshop To Put Menagerie Like K Family Tfirough Paces On October 14-16
By Carroll Maitmdell
WBAA Schedule
EE.
American Fifth Army and the Bii- Shell Development Co, Emeiytrsh Eighth army continue to push ville, Cal^—Date to be announced ahead, and will be entering Naples interested in Chemists, Ch E, M E,
and points north within the week (j e EE
But with all thesb successes, there IS still a great question mark over mu , j -r, , „ . These companies arc not schedtfie Italian theatre of war—where is , , , i iu u ,, , „ , . u o campus, however,
the American Seventh At my and its u, u , , i j, -
, , “ they are interested in students for
Tuesday Sept 28
lO 30—News
10 lo Smile Time 11 00—I isten While You Work
11 30-Music
II 70 Puicluc News
11 55~Ncws
12 00 Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band
Marshall’s bewilderment is to
be found in hei self When Gen Mai shall gets home at night she piotects him from inteiiuption so he can relax and get a good night’s lest One night some time ago, a call came from the War Department after Gen Mai shall had gone to sleep Mrs Marshall answered the phone and tried to take the message But the voice at the other end was m
sistent
Mrs Marshall tried again ‘ The Geneial is asleep, and I d rather not disturb him Is it anything im-
portant ”
“Oh said the voice, with a touch of sarcasm “it’s gist that the War Department is on flic'” Marshall’s job as the Armj’s numbei one soldier begins at 6 30 a ni Often, he and Mrs Mai shall take breakfast on the sunporch (meals in this house are SCI ved any wheie except in the dining room) Marshall scans two newspapers with his coffee, then makes the SIX minute dnve down the hill to the Fotomac It IS now only 7 30 oi 7 45 In his office, the first task IS to study the “Log”—a loose-leaf book with the word “Seciet” stamped on the cover This gives him a brief digest of every important tactical message received by the War Department since he left his desk
the night before
He cleais away othei papeis—his desk is always clutteied—and goes into his fiist confeience Every day the fiist man he sees IS Gen Thomas Handy Chief T of Opeiations If they need to talk with Admiial King in the Navy building, there is a direct telephone line, with private equipment Marshall is likely to see Handy two oi thiee times a day The only other man he sees as frequently is Gen H H (Hap) Arnold,
Chief of the Air Force
Pnicnts Foium
1 17 Music
1 30—Adventures in Rcseaich 1 4 7—Markets
1 5)—-News
2 00—Story n Day 2 17—Treasury Stai Parade 2 30—Ticasure Chest
2 55—New*!
3 00—Afternoon Melodics 3 16—Waves Recruiting Prokram i 30—Musical V irieticb
? ^7 News
4 00—Tea Time Tunea
4 30—Just PoWx 4 46->-J‘ust ReUx
4 New
r 00—Liltic Misb MutTett
o 1’’—Music JO—Vcspcis
o 4o—Sports Review
r 00—A Minuti of Prayer
6 01—Dinnti Hour
6 76—Newb
on—Between the Headlines 16—Pood for Thought
7 JO—We Have Met the Fncmy
7 45—Report to the People 7'*—News Dramatirod
8 00—Avird Mitchell pianist
8 K—Parade of Business 8 30—From the I rcsb Box
8 47—Music f
8 7 —News
9 00—M isic ina
) 30—Anything But Swing ) I —Anything But Swing
) 75—News
10 0o~Ofl the Air
much publicized commander, Lt
Have you lost your wife or sweet- General Patton’ With all these vicre recently? If so, inquire at the tones in Italy, it seems likely that Bliss household If you don’t find the Seventh will be going into achei in the kitchen, look m the li- t,on on its own m the very near fubiaiy If she is not in the library, ture since General Clark has shown
look in the garden If vou haven’t that he is capable of taking care of September 29 found her yet, try the teliss house- the Germans in South Italy Corsica Company, Chicago, hold when they appeai^n the stage ^nd Sardinia might possibly be the Interested in JVI E, C E , Ch E Sign of Fowlei Hall, Oct l4 thiough 16, ^gxt line of attack for Patton and Personnel Office by Wednesday,
all entwined in Noel Coward’s com- his men, after the French have sue ® cdy Hay Fever ceeded in driving the Germans out The Bhss family is just a normal of Corsica From the tip of con family that doesn’t let its right- queied Corsica, the Americans hand know what its left hand is do- might jump for either the Po river mg Every normal family has its valley in northern Italy or the Judith Bhss, Betty Wedge, ex-ac- southern coast of Fiance, or both
tress who doesn’t think she’s that By heading into the Po valley, Pat- ^ armed forces old yet, Simon Bhss, Art Barab, ton would be able to cut the' Ger ~ ~
wolf extraordinary, Sorel Bhss, man’s supply line and make th.ifn
Jane Glimmer, wolf ess, also extra- surrender
oidmaiy and David Bhss, Milton would
Kaplan, novel writing Papa
Four
But a jump into France possibly cause the Trench
people to rise up m revolt Both
unsuspecting, sane people fronts would be equally disasterous
employment
Allied Control Company, Inc , New York, N Y —Interested in Physicists (MS, or advanced training). Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednes-
111-
Gates of the main barracks of The Citadel in South Caiohna have been in use for moie than llS yeais Texas alone expects to send 324
to the haul pressed Geimans An interesting sidelight to the recent Diew Peaison Fiankhn D Roosevelt feud was revealed the other day by the New Yoik PM Peaison wiote a reply to the President’s comments about the MGR
Prof r Phillips
Chib of the Air
Luncheon Conference
It a confeience runs into the lunch lioui, he takes the conferees home with him Mrs Maishall gets a telephone call just as they are leaving, and knows that in SIX minutes, the General and guests will walk in the door, and she must be ready for them foi he wants to sit down to the meal without piehminaiics They talk as they drive to Fort Myei, and they talk thiough lunch But when lunch is over, Mis Maishall ^ takes over the talking The guests may be American, British Chinese or Dutch Whatever they are, she entertains them ioi exactly fifteen minutes, while the Geneial steals off to the sunporch on the second
floor
Majbc the discussion has dealt with staggering news from a battle liont Maybe an error of stiategy has been revealed But when Marshall stretches out on the chaise lounge in the corner of the sunporch, the heavy weight ol war passes from his mind, and he sleeps I‘oi fifteen minutes he sleeps It is his salva-
tion
In the afternoon there is a staff confeience—either the Joint Chiefs or the Combined Chiefs “Joint Chiefs” means the Ameiican Chiefs of Staff—General Maishall and Admiial King lire “Combined Chiefs” aie the Chiefs of Staff of the United Nations But in the erening, Marshall is one of those rare executives who knows how to leave his troubles in the office When he comes homo, he gives himself com plelely to tlic business of riding horseback, going to the movies, or reading a detective story One evening lecently, he invited Bng, Gen Claude Adams to dinner at his home at Tort Meyei After dinnei, Maishall suggested they go to the movies at the I oit Myer theatre Ihe Chief of Staff was about to set out on loot when Gen Adams said, “I’ve gbga^ car here, with a WAC drivei, and we might as well use it ” When thej leached the theatie, Gen Maishall said to the diivei, Private Maicella Sclraetz, “After yog jiark the cai, come to the box office and there’ll be a ticket toi } ou ” WAC Maicclla glowed with pleasure, and did as she was told But when she got to the box office, an ushci said “Come this way, please,” and led her to Gen Marshall s box She was only a private, but she saw the show from a place of honor between two Gen cials, one being the Chief of Slafl She confesses that she c tn'i icmeniliei what the pictuie was about (Copjlight, 1943, by United 1 eature Syndicate, Inc )
Wednesday Sept 29
10 30—Nows
10 45 Smile lime
xl 00— Woii I Politic
0 Purdue News
7 News
0—P 'irm r r im
12 30—Meet the Bind
32 '■-7—News
1 00~-Homc M ikc
1 16 MisiL
1 45—Markets
1 >7—Ntws
2 00 Stoiy i Day
2 17—Trcibuiy btai Paiado
2 30—Music
2 45—Radio Camera Club
2 77—Newb
J 00—Luc and her Piano r J 17 Let Me Foi pet J 30—Musical Vaiieties ^
J 0 7— News
4 00 —Tc I lime Tunes 1 30—last Relax 1 47—Just Relax
1 77—News
<) 00 Little Miss Muffett
7 l3—Music 7 JO— Vespers
f" <15—Spoits Review fa 00—A Minute of Pn\er f 01—Diniiei Hour
( 55—Ne\vs
7 00 Plans foi Peace Ha'riict O Shea 7 16 Navy Reeiuitinfir Protiam
30—Ruth Ralston binder
45—Music
—Piamatizcd News 8 00—Seicn6iflc News
5 17—EJd Meminci pianist
8 30 Music
8 45—rvLiilide Echoes
S 7—News
9 00 Musicana
) JO Anything But Swing
10 Oo OIT the Air
consisting of Sandy Tyrell, portiayed by Lester Kessler, a marine in the V-12 program, Myra Aiun del, alias Elaine Kahl, Richard Gieatham, known on campus as Lawrence Nielsen and Jacky Cory ton, played by Sarah Andrew, al low themselves to be invited by va
nous members of the Bliss Family refused the right to spend a delightful evening in a this column by the Piesimad house Piayshop invites you to , Features A second this comedy that is every bit the written by equal of “Claudia” ^ ear son and this was turned down Due to war time conditions, dates Piesident of United Features will not be admitted to the service *^<211 decided that the time was iight performance Oct 17 Tickets are ^ before he left, he still available at the box office in specific orders that no Pear Fowler Hall at 55 cents and will re- vColmnns in reply to President
mam at that price until Oct 9 After Oct 9, tickets will be sold for
75 cents
TODAY and TOMORROW
Roosevelt were to be written
Football Schedule Oct 2—Illinois—Here Oct 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct 23—Iowa—Here Oct 30—Wisconsin—There Nov 6—Minnesota—There Nov 13—Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There At the University of California Navy men have taken the lead in lenaming the houses at which they aie stationed to honor Navy heroes
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES
BEGINNER'S ENROLL Wed , Sept 29, 7 00 P ADVANCED ENROLL Thurs , Sept 30, 7 00 P BEGINNER'S ADULT TAP CLASS OPENS Wed, Sept 29, 6 15 P
M
M
M
AliLEN S 6th and Terr)
«£ released A Waraei Bios • F nl llilioiiil Pjcluii • tano PIsy by Wanin Dull Roba t Buckaai aitit Eilwnd E hreinuM Eiom an OiBnal Stoiy by Edxanl E Faromafa and Wally Kali
Perhaps as much as 250,000 tons of (luoiite an essential war mate
Since the Middle Ages a wooden ml have been found in Hudspeth mallet nounded on each staacase, County,'1 exas, by the University of has been the signal for rising at Texas Bui eau of Economic Geology
Woiccstci College, Oxfoid
Fust c ean of men in Ameiica was Thomas Aikle Clark of the Univer-
sity of Illinois
TRY AN EXPONENT
CLASSIFIED
WANTED
Musicians for steady campus works' and Brass men. Drummer — also — Girl Vocalist — Immediate work
Call Ma\iryMaHiis or Pdt Haywood —
65^24
36593
TODAY and TOMORROW
5 j:
immm TODAY and TOMORROW HONEY! Direct From Sensational 6roadway Riful
iGEORD
.ob8‘'
at'/
^ol""
Plus —
LmmWtl JAW JAMES ‘ AMP IMS MUSIC MAKePS/ With Willipmt > GAXTON Virgloiq .WEIDLER
TOMMY 0IX NANCY WALKER JUNE ALLVSON KENNY BOWERS GLORIA DeHAVEN JACK JORDAN
TU' f
\ Arrrij^, Mlly, Mews
i’943.
for Seri^ice Men^, By Service Men
(,~t S'-' ^ ^
ropnares
For Reef Cross
'll- 11 ^ , By Cpl. Jack Martire h /' been in the service any ^length of time probli^pW' the importance the ^American ufeej Cross. Many thev activities of this organization are common knowledge •,|®' civllt^ns but how they help individual service men may not vp|i,.knQW|j, to army, navy or marine recruits as many of us on ith^ campus are classified, , -With, the passage of the al- 3^^!^ ^^^^^^^3 ^3 cross, is lotment and allowance legisla- taking care of those men who are jtion, ,the American Red Cross fighting for their country.
Home Service jwas-called upon t^, hplp men and families get
— ^ ^ . AST i^atter ' By T/6 Morris Better |i NOW M CAN BE tOLD University and military authorities, no longer aljle to conceal the story, h£^ve permitted the information to get out. A civilijln student with a green pot andia suspended lower jaw—utterly bewildered by the preponderance and variety of service men on the campus—happened to wander into Cary Hall by mistake during the first week of the semester. When he emerged three hours later, he was wearing a T-shirt, khaki trousers, a black tie, a sailor hat, a GI haircut and could goof pfif in Jive different languages.
Photographs PoUr In As SPhlld^'s Beauty Contest Finale Approaches
^CbUbjil to the ^dUxA.
the neepsaary Jpformation and evi4^pji;e so that they might receive thp
a,dvantages of this law.
Worker Obtaipa Case History Iniaidjng the service man at camp, the Home Service Worker obtains
for! the Red Cross hospital social Laughter has died and the trouwol'kers the social and family his- ^ut the pemory of |o?Sfjr upoai which proper diagnosis army show doesn^t die. For the j^nd trpatment may be based. In *i^e>i^l*ers of a group such as that eoneidefring the granting of emer- which pi’esented “Khaki on the gpney furloughsv military author!- Kampus” last Saturday nighty there Hes have the benefit of the Home let-down coping with the Service worker’s report on home realization that all the work is over conditiohs. and that despite the grousing it was '1 ‘ To the disabled ex-service man ^ and his family the Red Cross has a who saw the show need no special responsibility. The Red Cross reminders of how good it was. The Horne Chapter assists the veteran rehearsals did not leveal, from all knd his family in presenting their repoits, that thb one night stand claim? to tke Veterans Admmistra- would be so well performed, but fion for pensions, payment of gov- when things counted the boys came prnment insurance, hospitalization ihiough. But it isn’t necessary to knd other, benefit allowances. dwell on the subject. The fellows did Bed, Cross Procedure Explained ^ 8:reat job and the army has well ■j Red Cross procedures irt claims pioud of its men. works as follows: The Red Cioss Now bhe question com6s what has i|eld director helps tke disabled serv- the navy to offer; and the marines— pe man file his claim befoie he how about them? As an army man ][^aves his station. The field director I’m sure that the difference in uniSflso refers the service man to his form doesn’t leally make a change ^d Cross home chapter for further in the fellows. The sailors and ma3|,elp apdinotifies the chapter of the rines must have as much talent or man’s application. Upon his arrival more to present. The field is wide .home, the Red Cross is then pre- open for them. After all it was the pared to expedite / the claims by idea of the happy hour which started working directly with the Red Cross all the self-made amusement and flield director in the regional office that original show was a navy idea, pf the Veterans Administration. How about it ? pending settlement, which frequent- But to get back to the army show, requires from two to three the proportions of such a show months, Home Service provides the make it almost a necessity that the ^isabled veteran and his family entertainers be anonymous and that with such^aid as is,needed. is all light since it was not publicity 'I TRe “above exemplifies the exten- that was wanted. However, there is ^vct USP of the Army and Navy one certain act which should be ijiake ofpthe American Red Cross, given more credit. 1st Sgt. Torrence ^hjl.o ,j:^inking of disabled service could have held a show by himself, ijfien may be something in the futuie Of all the lemarks coming after the IJormostof us, it is well worth know- show, a majority were about the ijig that^ t^^ ^ove^ment,^ through excellence of his dancing. The show
0;K FOR HONE ,,
While they^^ were busy surprising a near-capacity audience with an entertaining and poljshed pej^formance, the cast of “KRaki on the Kampus” was getting u shqw of its own in the way of unexpepted, backstage snafus. . .. When the. 40 and 8 choo-choo became temporipontal and had to, be man-ppwered into its starting position on stage, it appeared as tho the vehicle would either have to be abandoned or pushed across the stage for the benefit of the audience. With a little GI coaxing, the motor finally kicked oypr. , . . W^en the trapeze act came to an unexpected climax, it was beautifully glossed over by quick-witted I when he stepped to the mike apd confided-to the audience, “Spectacular finish, wasn’t it. ” , . . When it was discovered that Pvt. Meisel’s hula skirt wouldn’t completely encircle his not-so-slender hulk, he hastily concealed the exposed area wifh a sign which,^ unfortunately, provided a laugh only for those in the frpnt rows. It carried the message: “IF IT WON’T HELP WIN THl? WAR, FORGET IT!” , ^. When MC Tal Levine found he had to step around with dexterity to ivallk the line which would keep all elements hnppy„he, too, proved equal jo the occasion. He won’t be happy, tho, until he can MC a show for “the boys” only.
STREET SCENE In a small Vnidwest town whose streets were crowded with a Saturday nite soldier population from,a nearby Post, a Salvation Army band performed on one of the street corners. At the conclusion of one of their numbers, a plain-looking girl stepped forward to address tjie assemblage of sinners on the merits of the SA. “Since I joined the Salvation Army,” she began in a monotone, “I don’t smoke any more. I don’t drink any more. I don’t go out with men any more. I don’t swear any more.” After a long pause ... “All I do is stand here and beat this .... drum.”
ODD S’N’ ENDS This is the week when the freshmen wield gilletes in an effort to deprive seniors of their ’staches—tradition and all that. What is disquieting, to put it mildly, is the uncomfortable rumor that there may be very little distinction made between seniors and such service men whose personalities are questionably enhanced by lip growth. . . . Battery C’s first sergeant, R. J. Lundy, has the unofficial distinction of being the best dressed enlisted man on the campus.. .. Cpl. C. Buck and Pfc. K. Bassett hope to get paid off in pesos this week. They will furlough in Mexico. . . . Doc “use locally as directed” Miller can’t see the Chicago restriction being lifted before Oct. 23. . . . By the time the new semester begins, about 300 new faces will augment the present number of AST trainees. . . . During free moments, the psychs shoot pennies near the BA. During their free moments, the engineers shoot something else at the Sweet Shop.. .. Larry Adler, harmonica virtuoso, who is presently entertaining overseas, is expected to keep his convo date here on the 15th.
JksL ^tuduf By Jay Newman, A S., USNR Lt. (j.g.) L. Somers is serving as guest columnist today. Last Saturday’s inspection was the first one of the season to be held indoors. We asked the Liteutenant, who was one of the Inspecting OflBcers, to give us his idea of the Inspection. Here it is: Navy Holds Firsf Inspection By Lt. (j.g.) L. Somers The first effects of the weather to materially change the Navy procedure for Inspection were felt today when the V-12 Unit and the Electrical School went indoors into what is known as the “Foul Weather Parade” to hold their usual Saturday afternoon Inspection. In the Cary Halls the men lined up in single file, shoulder to shoulder, down the length 6f the passageways at a distance of about one foot from the “bulkhead”. Standing stiffly at attention the men came up to a snappy salute as the Inspecting Officer appeared on the scene and cast a practiced eye down the line to see if alignment and distances were correct. The Company Commander swung on his heel and announced that his company was “ready for inspection. Sir”. Slowly looking down from head to shoes of one man, and shoes to head of the next, the Inspecting Officer proceeded down the line. Every so often his eye would be caught by some disarrangement of clothing and the stillness would be broken by soft comment. This Inspection More Rigid The men found that this indoor type of inspection was more ligid than the quick inspection made by the officers when on the parade ground. This difference is a traditional one, and Inspecting Officers change their methods according to the occasion. Outdoor parade inspection is usually the more cursory check-up, whereas the indoor inspection allows time for the examination of minor details such as loose threads, which are known as “Irish pennants”, and brilliant white braid framing the collar and cuff of the dress jumper. At the same time as the personnel inspection was being made other officers were inspecting the rooms. Neatness of clothing and absence of dust in the most hidden, far-away chrners seemed to be the points most emphasized for the day. A few of the Inspecting Officers carried flashlights and peered expectantly behind mii’rors, radios, bureaus and beds. Some of the men happened to be stationed in line where they could see into their own rooms. There was a definite expression of nervous strain evident in these men’s faces as their domains were surveyed. Inspection was over, or “secured”, in slightly more than an hour. The officers and their yeomen (which is the Navy way of saying stenographer) letired to their desks to make up the reports. Monday morning would find those who were unfortunate enough to fail to meet the requirements of the Inspection called to account. On the whole, it was agreed that the V-12 unit, in consideration of the time they have been wearing the Navy blue, did an excellent job. And after it is over, what better than ... liberty.
With the announcement *hat neicfc Sunday is the’deadline for entries to the Service Men's Beauty Contest, photographs have been pouring into the various receiving headquarters. ”11113 final week’s spurt will bring the number of entries up to a sizeable representation of the service men student body. Arrangements are being made to post the pictures in the Union and all the soldiers, sailors and marines will be able to vote for their choices. In order to facilitate voting and to keep out any ballot stuffing, the form which will be used will be printed in the Exponent. The form will have the name of the person voting and his selection for the contest. Only one vote will be allowed for each service man. To keep the names of the girls unknown the pictures will be numbered and balloting will be secret. In order to get an appropriate prize for the contest winner a poll was taken at random of various coeds. The suggestions were many: pearls, a plaque, a loving cup, an Eisenberg pin and other feminine accountrements were considered an excellent reward for the winner. But when the fitted traveling case was suggested, the other recommendations seemed superfluous. So the decision remains to give the “queen” an alligator leather traveling case. The judges to select the winners from the nine photographs are being lined up and they will be announced later. '
was too long, as everyone realizes, but it’s a shame that Torrence was not allowed to do more of his speciality. This could go on and on but here’s finis. Thank you, Editors. Very truly yours, R. I.P. Beta House. Try An Exponent Classified!
V-12 Basketball
Enter Now— Bsmjdtif QonisL&L
ARMY—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms NAVY, MARINES^—Leave Photos in Room 137 W. Cary tiall ALL SERVICEMEN—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Co. E.
B.
F.
Elliott Bumps, f . .
2
0
Selbo, f
4
0
Fraizer, c
. 5
0
Walley, g
. 0
0
Halpin, g
. 3
1
Alexandar, f
.. 0
0
Loth, f
1
0
Lundy, g
1
0
TOTAL
.. . 16
1
Co. F. Barracks 9
B.
F.
Gustafson, f . . .
3
0
Thompson, f
. 1
0
Sturdevant, c
. 2
0
Carpentar, g .
... 1
0
Schue, g . .
. 1
0
TOTAL
. . 8
0
Final Score—33 to 16.
Wanted—Student. Part time help—call in person.
University Drug Store
Personnel Service k-l2 IM Schedules
Opened To Army,
Navy Trainees
Army and Navy trainees on the campus will be offered the facilities of the University’s Personnel Service, according to W. E. Vogler, director of personnel in the engineering and science schools. Volger
is in charge of the program.
This plan, which is to .help postwar employees and to help service men contact industrial concerns for conferences with company representatives as they come to the campus seeking employees, was approved at a recent meeting of the Policy Committee for the Army and Navy Specialized Training program upon the recommendation of the
Personnel Department.
The service men fill out questionnaires which are filed for reference after tl^ war. A company seeking an employee will send for the list of
men.
A group meeting was held Saturday afternoon to explain the procedure to the Army men; Navy and Marine trainees were given the plan yesterday afternoon. Anyone unable to attend either of the meetings is to go to the Executive Building to fill out the forms.
, Navy Softball
Tuesday, September 28, 1943
Diamond—
10— D 3 vs. B 1 11— B 2 vs. B 3 12— B 4 vs. B 7 13— B 6 vs. M 7 14— B 8 vs. C 1 15— C 2 vs. C 6 16— C 5 vs. D 1 17— C 8 vs. D 2 Army Softball
Wednesday, September 29, 1943
Diamond—
11— A 1 vs. C 6 12— A 2 vs. A 4 13— A 3 vs. A 5 14— A 6 vs. B 3 15— A 7 vs. B 4 16— B 1 vs. D 1 17— B 2 vs. D 4 18— C 3 vs. D 2 19— C 5 vs. D 3
Buy War Bonds
California takes a quieter view of a somewhat similar dilemma. A couple of big affairs scheduled for the service men on the campus appear not to have gone over too well, because too few soldiers showed up. On reflection, the Californian there points out there probably is no cause for alarm. There are a lot of other things to do, the paper notes, besides which it seems that the boys have probably been around long enough by now to be making their own dates—and to appreciate pri-
vacy with the same.
SPRUCE UP SERVICE KIT
S PECIALLY designed and packaged for the men in the service —everything a man needs for the "spruce-up" comforts of home. Sturdily packed, labeled, ready to address and mail. Here's what you'll give him in 'HIS' Spruce-Up Kit, all in strong, leakproof Burgundy containers:
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
Brushless Shaving Cream Personal Soap Smooth Shave Base After Shave Lotion Hair Dressing
We’ll Ship It For YouCo.smetics — Street Floor
While making his way back to the hospital—he was a walking hospital case'—^Master Gunnery Sergeant James G. Blalock spotted a group of Japs in the underbrush. Drawing his pistol, he entered the thicket and come out with nine Jap prisoners. Marine Sergeant Blalock now wears the Silver Star, awarded him for conspicuous gallantry in that Solomon Islands action. He can be proud of such a record. Can you be equally proud of your Bond buying record during the Third War Loan? ^
The Forum By Pfc. Gabriel Elias Nazi—Japs Lose Sovereignty Only a treaty-breaking, immoral, lying, Nazi nation can retain complete sovereignty under today’s system of haphazard alliances and treaties, because only they can disregard their treaty obligations. Only the Japs who come to our countiy to talk peace and turn around to attack us at Pearl Harbor would suffer a loss of national sovereignty by joining the Federation of United Nations; for they are the ones who make treaties without ever intending to limit their freedom of action by the provisions of the treaties. Yes, the Nazi-Japs would be restricted by international law and a United Nations Army, just as the local thief is the one who is trapped by local law and police force. For the decent nations who (like decent people) have always fought for international law, for honest treaties, and for sanctity of treatie’s, there would be freedom only through Federation. For the decent nations would be freed from fear of attack by international hoodlums who know neither honesty nor ethics. “But,” the objectors flounder around for insincere alibis, “if we join a Federation of United Nations we must play ball with nations we don’t like.” To some the disliked nation is Russia. To others it is China. Regardless of which, or how many, nations we dislike this argument is stupid and false. ' Both in peace time and in war we have played ball with any nation in the interests of peace. We sent scrap steel to Japan to be thrown at China; we traded with the Nazis; and we offered alliances to Italy. In war time we collaborated with Darlan; we are dealing with Fascist Franco of Spain; and now we are fooling around with Badoglio and King Emanuel. And even the most rabid anti-Russians and anti-Chi-nese welcome our agreements with those count! les at least for the duration. Whether we want to or not, we must play ball with even those nations we dislike, unless we prefer to fight wars to impress our ideologies on the rest of the world. And that would be un-American. There is only one way to avoid alliances which “entangle” us without bringing peace. There is only one way to retain our national sovereignty flee ever of the domination of a.powerful group of aggressive nations. There is only one way of freeing man from the diead of war and of the lestrictions of wartime living. That is by creating and joining a FEDERATION OF UNITED NATIONS. Buy War Bonds And StampsPaged
0oilermaker Sports
’ is," '’’iTis '"i ;,f ’til f
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
THE SQUAD DID HAVE A SEND-OFF
lllini Dangerous Foe, Burnham Warns Team Thanks to the many giidiron enthusiasts who turned out to see the team
“Any team that can score three touchdowns on the Iowa Sea- off ruday evening Despite the bad weather, and also the fact that the hawks IS a dangerous foe,” warned Coach Elmer Burnham to- tiam was almost an hom late, the cheei leaders, ably assisted by ]5oc day as the surprising Riveter gridiron squad settled down to Miller, managed to keep the show rolling As the belated tiam rolled out preparation for the Big Ten opener with Illinois here Saturday ^he station amidst the departing cheers of the crowd, one of the play- ^ . „ T .1 ^ i 1 ^ j_i i. ers was heard to remaik, Boy, they sure have the spuit around heie” which \^lll provide the fil st home engagement fOl the twice- think what a poor example that session was compared to some of
victorious Boilei makers. Burnham pointed out that Eliot, favored with an open date last Saturday after two strenuous tuneups with Camp Grant and the Seahatvks, will have his young Illini combination at
tAeet The Team By Marc Ogden One of the few men on this year’s Boilermakers’ team who attended here last year is Jim McMillen, contender for the right guard position Jim IS SIX feet tall, weighs 185 and
Tuesday, September 28, 1943 Illinois Game Tickets Preliminary Bouts Now On Sale At Book At Boxing Tourney
Stores, Ticket Office
Meet The Team
those of the past All we can say for the ‘welcome home’ Sunday afternoon IS “Somebody had good intentions”
TWO IN A ROW
Very little is left to be said about Saturday night’s game. The Boilermaker line had the Hilltoppers stopped cold, and all the linesmen played so well thatj it is hard to single out any stars Buscemi, Kasap, Barwegan, DeFilippo, Agase, Gems, and Bauman, and all the second and third string
Among the Marines who anchored linesmen, blocked and tackled like demons The backfield combination of
the top of its form, both physically then duffel bags at Cary Halls was Vacanti, Dimancheff, Butkovich and Stuart performed like yeteians, with and mentally “It’s a gieat spot foi Stan Dubicki, a fellow unknown to i;]^e three backs reeling of yardage on every play The touchdown pass an upset” emphasized the Boiler- the fans, boosters, and admirers of from Vacanti to Bauman was one of those passes you lead about but mak“r mentor in cautioning his the Boilermaker eleven On July never see, it was perfect There was nothing that Marquette could do
squad against ovei confidence fiist as he entered room 213 of Cary to stop the Riveter’s attack The tiavelmg squad was given Hall, North, and the first place he PLAYING IN THE DARK
only a light hmbeimg up dull after looked was tlnough the window, Piom the heights of the press box Saturday night, it was almost imBuinham had leviewed scouting re ovei the iidge into the Ross Ade possible to distinguish the Boilermaker players The Riveters were wearpoits in legald to the Illim person stadium where he would soon spend j^ig then black jerseys with gold numbers—orfe guess was as good as annel and tactics The Boileimaker de manj thrilling and exciting hours other when it came to identifying the playeis Our sympathy goes out
fense, which has allowed Gieat Lakes and Maiquette a total of only 90 yards by rushing in two road games, was provided a blackboard explanation of the type of tiickv at tack the Ilhm are expected to employ
Seventh Terin ME s and AE s It is time for YOU to begin having employment inter view*; Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office 1 Interview procedure ‘>heet 2 Company list 3 He quest for Interview caids 4 Confidential hacuity Recommendation foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices —BOLZ Chem 1 and Chem 1 Intrasession Stu dents Those enrolled mav obtain houi test IV bv calling at general chemistry office Chem Annex room 127 before Sept 30 —BOYK Mr A W Johnson Please come down to Exponent office and claim his Alpha Phi Omega key he left here —EDITORS Students Those who worked for the Registrar during the semi term Registra tion may obtain their checks bv calling at the Registrars office —STONE Christian Science Organization Regular meeting Tuesday September 28 at 30 p m in room 307 of the Union —LaPLANTA Senior Parade Committee Meeting as scheduled Tuesday at 4 in the Student Senate Office Please be present —GLOVER Tau Beta Pi Meeting wiil be held at 7 Thursday evening Sept 30 in room 263 of the Union Inteiviews must be completed by then —HANSEN Kappa Delta Rho Meeting will be held in room 303 of the Union at 7 30 p m Tuesday All Kappa Delta Rhos are in vitcd -DAVIS University Cluh Membcrsl ip duos for 43 44 are payable t s crtlary Irca now Mcmbcrshii caid'5 m i t be sh wn at all meetings —BUT/ Gold Peppers Comp ilsory meeting oi Wednesday Septcmbei ) AWS office at o p m —WEDGE AWS House Presidents AWS house ) resi dents council meeting Wednesday at 4 i m in A^^S office LAFU/E Eta Kappa Nu There will be a dinner meeting Thur day Septembei 30 at 6 p m Sec Thursdays Exponent foi place SMITH Senior Women Beanies may be secured at the Palais Royale on Friday September 24 —THOMPSON
to those fellows tiying to bioadcast the game Only when the play was on the neai side of the field weie the announcers sine of what they saw happening befoie then eyes In case you aie wondeiing about the disciepancy between the WBAA bioadcast and the loud speaking system heaid in the backgiound, the PA man was wiong about 50 pei cent of the time— and he was light down on the field SPUITERINGS A ceitain UP eoiiespondent has picked the Boileimakeis as tops foi the week m the midwest—The squad'inembels took up a little collection Satuiday moining and piesented trainei Lon Mann with a pieseiit which they thought that he would enjoy veiy much, papei dolls signed by eveiy body on the tiip—Although pre game piedictions aiound heie gave the Boileimakeis a 3 to 6 point advantage ovei Maiquette, we weie told by Milwaukee piessmen that the Boilermakeis weie consideied in the Mil waukee distiict to be at least two touchdowns bettei—Revolving doois aie suie good foi ditching “blind dates” Foi fuithei details see Pinky Newell—Funniest sight of the tup, Dick Baiwegan with a black patch ovei one eye topped by a sloch hat, tiying to sell pencils in the Chicago station as he was helped along by Mike Kasap and John Gems, ivith Alex Agase dealing the way—The Maiquette stadium was so ciowded that theie weie people sitting in all the aisles—The Camp Giant spottei was sitting next to us in the pi ess box Satuiday night, and he suie knew how to gioan That y as all that he could do whenevei the Boileimakeis earned the ball—Elmei Buinham could go into vaudeville with the gang that he has for a team and come out a millionane The squad is full of chaiacteis whose motto seems to be “Nevei a dull moment”—We nevei saw a weakei cheeiing section than Maiquette had The best that they could do yas baiely audible acioss the field
STANLEY DUBICKI
ly
One may guess what his thoughts weie, ho was piobfibly thinking of the day he would be out theie on the
j The softball team composed of swimming team has devel
giidiion fighting foi the gloiv of the faculty is now leading the Intel oped fan potentialities thus fai ac the Riveteis, and pioving his plow fi^teinitv baseball standing The voiding to Coach Papengath How ess as a football plavei Faculty has yon 4 games and lost divejs and hieast stioke men Well, he did It In the Gieat Lakes ^^^g aie still needed on the squad
Theie aie seveial good piospects on the squad at piesent Salmon and Paiiy, both V 12 men and Fiank Knotts, a civilian seem to be the outstanding spiinteis on the squad Wolveiton a fieshman fiom Hotch
game he made a total of ten points, a touchdoyn, a field goal and a con veision That is good foi any 160 pound halfback Stan Dubicki hails fioin South Bend wheie he attended Washing ton Hign School Attei pla\ingfoot ball duiing his last thice yeais oi high school, he won the honoi of leceiving All luin and All Confei-
ence ay aids
Sigma Theta’s who have won 3 and
lost 0
Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Alpha Mu, and the Lambda Pi’s, composed of the Lambda Chi’s and the Sig Pi’s,
have each won 2 games and lost , , , . XT j 1 iT, px i. V '’‘‘s been coming alon
none Next in line aie the Theta Xi
Fraternity Rush Chairmen Call nt I ra teinily Affairs Office thi week for rush list
—MERRILL
nicely in the backstioke division along with Koitjohn and Cum
Tiiangle and the Flight ^adet mings, accoiding to Papenguth
Among the distance swimmeis Ly
who lia\e won 3 and lost 1
team have each diopped out of com
Last season while attending petition Then scheduled opponents Biogan Layson and Haiist apShuitleff College at Alton Illinois, these games by foifeit pg^j nave the edge ovei other “ c. , j fio*- his fiist expellence playing This will change the standing con candidates
to firr*in 'the b!?e'*ond novice pistol'"group college hall Last teim he tians sideiably as some ol the teams aie Since theie aic no lettei men le uhich begins firing October u ^should Mgn fgnedtol U wheie he gamed 111016 ^uie of at least tyo extia winning, turning to this yeai’s team. Coach
up in the Supply Room of the Armory any
time thifc, week
-BROWN
Gilder Club Regular meeting Tuesday September 28 at 30 in room 3o-j
—SCHROEDER
Alpha Phi Omega A very important meet ing be held Wednesday September 29 30 p m in room 302 of the Union
piactice duiing spiing sessions
Heie it the Univeisity he is a flopping out at all, sophomoie in the Science School Thiee leams Tied
Dubicki IS well liked by the lest Beta Theta Pi Delta lau Delta of the squad and is one of the best and the Chi Alpha team which is backs V\ hen asked how he liked composed of Theta Chi and Pi Kap
while otheis will not piofit by then Papenguth is in gieat need of anj
one on the campus who has any
ability
JAMES McMILLEN has blonde hau He won his fieshmen numeials last yeai m both football and in boxing Jim, 01 “Gioggy”, as he is known to many of Ins iilends, was the out standing heavyweight boxei on the Riveteis boxing team last spiing It was then that he acquiied the name of “Gioggy” yhich is still sticking
to him
Jim’s home town is South Bend, wheie he attended the Riley High School, building a veiy enviable lec01 d He played foiii yeais of high school football and was on the tiack team thiee yeais In his senioi yeai he was ca^ain of the high school football team All-Twin city guaid. All Confeience guaid, and the shot puttei on the tiack team While in high school he won honoi able mention in a state compiehensivc math examination and won a scholaiship to Pin due Univeisity on a competitive exam Jim IS noy a fouith semtstei Chemical Engineei in the Navy V 12 piogiam He is a membei of Theta Chi Fialeinity and while active in the chaptci affaris held seveial offices
Phi 3— Nu Sigma vs Faculty 4— TuiSigma vs Bet i Sigma Psi 5— Phi Phi vs Kappa Psi 6— Phi Sigma Theta vs Beta Iheta Pi 7— Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Signn Phi 8— Lambda Pi vs Delta Tau Delta 9— Sigma Chi vs Sigma Alpha Ma
Both reseived seats and general admission tickets for Purdue’s home football openei with Illinois on Satuiday have been placed on sale over the counter at Deckers, Deac’s, Southworths, the Univeisity Book Store and the ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium, it was announced today by C S Doan, manage! of ticket sales The leseived seats aie priced at $2 50 each, including tax, while the general admission tickets, which will admit to good locations in the north curve of the stadium, aie piiced at $1 00, in-
cluding tax
Students-StafF In Special Section Doan called attention to the fact that civilian students and staff membei s holding season athletic books will be seated in a choice block of seats on the west side of the stadium lunfting from the middle of Section 24 noith Civilian students and staff membei s should piesent their piopei ciedentials at Gate 4 in order to obtain admission
to the section
Seivice students will be seated in a block in choice seats on the east side of the stadium Spring Convo Will Feature Sinatra Of Symphony Frank Smatia will he featuied on the campus this spiing The Maich 17 convocation sched uled with the Indianapolis Sym phony Oichestia will include Sinatia featuied on the tympanP Yes, sad but tiue, the Fiankie owned body and soul by the Indianapolis oiganization is a Philadelphia, Pa , version (not related) who joined Diiectoi Fabien Sevitsky’s peicus Sion section foi the cuiient season His previous expeiience includes the Robin Hood Dell, Philadelphia Gland Opoia and LaScala Opeia oichestias, and the Philadelphia Symphony Studio Oichestia
At ease, men'
Slated For Friday Contestants entered in the Intramuiah Boxing tournament have completed a full month’s training and aie now ^tapeiing off in their daily workouts for the preliminary matches which will start on Friday, October 1st Excellent training, under the closest of supervision, has bi ought the boxei s along in fine shape, and as a result there can be expected closely contested battles in every weight class Brazy In 118 Pound Class In the 118 pound class, F. Brazy and E Woodard look to have a close encountei, C Lewis and T Phelps in the 136 pound class have come along m high class style, W. Biandlin, 160 poundei, has shown more inipiovement than peihaps any of the boxei s, and E Stramel hopes to annex the heavyweight ciown with his left jab and teriific punching
ability
The pieliminaiy and also the serai finals, will be fought on the boxing deck in the Fieldhouse with the finals to take place in the Fieldhouse piopei, October 22nd, duimg one of the popular “Happy Hour” piogiams held by the Navy The bouts will he made up of three lounds of two minutes duiation I he public IS invited to attend all of the bouts Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Si'eak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
Pl'iJ'mg With the team, he said ‘I pa Alpha, all have an aveiage of
'ike to plav with the Boileimakeis 666, each winning 2 and losing 1 and I like the coaching staff” His Octobei 7 is the last day sched
or who wish to apply foi the position of fiist game With the UlllVeiSlty „1p,l fn, ft,,, i.m ,11 iishi r or Tjoliec at football Lames meet in l t , i UieU 101 tHlS LOUinaineilt ailCl all
against Gieat Lakes gave him a teams aie asked to complete then thill! At the end of the inteiview schedules by that time In case some
"hen asked vhrt team he would fiateinities do not know who then r ' "" hke to plav against the most, he an- opponents aie, a complete sched
ule lb posted on the bulletin hoaid
^^Xdi5SlIji6C2 tough No Id like to play Notie outside oi the Inti annual office
Dame—^nd at South Bend ”
Ushers and Police All who have applied
Uhh<r or police at football j^ameb meet in room 108 of tymnabium at 4 p m for a short
meeting on Wedncbday Sept 29 —SANDERS and LOMMEL
Classified
Ads
IM Schedules Frateinity Softball Tuesday, September 28, 1913
Diamond—-
1— Tail Sigma vs Acacia 2— Phi Sigma Theta
Sigma Psi
3— Delta Tau Delta
Theta Pi
Beta
Beta
i I
Type«ritcr8 Adding macnines all makea Bold rented repaired and purchased Miraeo graph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
Try An Exponent Classified!
Wednesday, Septembei 29, 1913 Diamond— 1—Theta Xi vs Tau Epsilon
• Southivorth’s
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan
Office 407 Columbia
Typewriter service 6943
tud
Auditiois loi 1 uiio station
WBAA will be held tins alteinoon t L Gunkle Phone fiom i lo 5 m the Music Hall ae
eoidim to Gilhnt I) Williams pio giani (Inectoi Any stuuents intei
M anted—Purdue day an 1 Satuidav c
Kriinc [ t nLUi,,.oi < d T O and hhoit cstcd ill ailllOUl Clllg SCI ipt \Mlting,
h urb tiki Club Aj i h I rank Lcmh in
nt*, to work fhurs
w liter
til tic i u 1
\ illat,c and i W It r f O Jiux 4
Just—B nrufs \ r si \s tt I «r (I \ell w ^ 11 waicl 1 t \i Cary Hall Sal idaj i ikht Milchtll Car> H 11 S M
Room 40j
IvOMt—Black wallet contamini, large sum Reward Elizabeth Clark Department Pins ical Education for Women ' i 1
-oiind teehmeian to come to the
I a lio ^t igc Ol woil lie uiged WBAA studios
1 od iv vill h( the only opiioitun ity ioi i student to tiv out foi this seme tei No jn eMoub expei lence is ncfc saiv mil thiie aie oiicnings
lU n:;;fd'’wni‘,'‘hi.h;'"!’\,i''r‘7ro’:'t i'" aeeoidmg to
aid lad whi 1 bial t, ii I r,o 1 tin Don Ihoma,. 4j8M 21h Noith Si
Call Miss ( etilia
dll eetoi
II Wall! inodiiction
J. J, Davis Reports On Former Students J J Davis head ol the Lntomo logv Depaitment has inauguiated a newblelten foi his foiniei i ntoino logy students In his pajici PioJes boi Davis tells wheie the bo\ s aie ht4Uoned and then quotes mteiest ing details liom then ktteis TRY AN EXPONENT ( LASSIFIEU
1 hi f,cmi il announeiiig staff u ian.,es jnogiai is and does ill types ol announeim, and the ladio stage (Iocs di im itu woi 1 liyouts in th( sf two <1 iisioiis will consist ol icadiiq \ iiious seiijils to show the qu ilil\ o' till voiei Students Intel i stc I in SCI ipt w 1 iting w ill he given w 1 ittcii test'J hose who ue leeopted foi woik on U BAA will he notifnd within a will Any one wlio lomjili tes thii ty hi ui ol aetu il hioadeistmg woik III two (mi (us IS iwaided i key III i( (ognition of Ins woik
flL
Take The
99
The Illini
9L (j^haJtsL dL SsJjmcj^!
Soiithworth^s •
I he yyayes hate a eune oi livo in glamoious 1 ueille Bill stai of M G M s /ippt musical lonudy in 1 eelinieoloi Best loot loiwaid,” now playing at the I af lyetle Ihea tie Miss Ball plays he i self in the top lole in this picture which deals yvith a inilitaiy cadet inviting hei to a Seiiioi Piom She accepts and then the tun begins In stellai bup poitiiig inks aie I\ illiam Gaxton, Viiginm Weidiu Haiiy fames and Ills oichestia, lommy I)ix, Kenny Boweis, Nancy Malkei, Jack Joidan, /line Ally son, Gloiia Dellaven and a host ol otheib
and ^1^5
Protect l^ur Loveliness 7 m s Way
Exquisitely smootli and simplicity itself in action, tkis cream gives you tlie fresk, supple skin you so ardently desiie Oil Balance is tlie "magic” tkat makes
agic mac inaKes yout
complexion glow witk radiant ckarm,—• and Botany Lanolin Triple-Action Cream 15 rick in tke costly lanolin tkat kelp* maintain tkis so-essential oil kalance.
OTHER BOTANY LANOLIN AIDS TO LOVELINESS Botany Lanolin Formula 70 A massage or night cream rich in lanolin $1 25 and $2 Botany Lanolin Superfatted Soap Richer in lanolin creamy delightful 3 cakes for 50(( Botany Lanolin Lotion Creamy richer in lanolin a little goes a long way $1.
/On p/ione or mail orders nc/uc/e 10 fo Federal Exdst Taxi
Toiletries
Street Floor