Purdue
Z-18G
Exponent
*.'A
'rm
ifXi
Lafayette. Indiana
TUESDAY
May 23. 1939
Vol.50
No. 189
Pulitzer Prize Winner Student Union Elects New Stott
Will Address Banquet
Carl Van Doren, recent biographer of “Benjamin Franklin,” and 1938 Pulitzer biography winner, will speak tomorrow evening at 6:30 at the annual literary banquet in the Union ballroom. Student winners in the annual literary contest will be announced. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster. ii Cup EWardS wMch Wlll be prC-
Speedway Chatter
By Don Herr, Jr.
Editor’s Note: Herr is a senior mechanical and has worked for the last seven years as an official AAA representative at the Indianapolis Speedway. He will use Speedway Chatter as his personal column to arive Exponent readers the lowdown on the 500 mile classic.
It was truly a field day for the thousands of railbirds who turned out for the first day of qualifications held last Saturday. The 27th annual 500 mile I’ace will go down in history in just one week. The time trials began at ten o’clock Saturday morning. For the next two hours, expensive creations were wheeled up to the technical committee for a final 0. K. before making the qualification runs. It was somewhat of a record that so many cars were in readiness for the opening trials. —SC— Qualifications are held each year prior to the race to determine the starting positions of the fastest 33 cars in the line-up. Forty-nine race cars have been entered in the Indianapolis Memorial Day event, and of this number only the 33 cars having the fastest qualifying time will be backed up to the starting line on the 30th. —SC— The system of qualification used this year is different from that used in the past few years in one respect. The number of required laps has been cut from 10 to four. It appeared last year that the cars were moving around the oval on the qualification runs at a rate that was just a little too hot for their shoes to stand. The tire question was the big one. Cutting down the distance now allows the heavy-footed drivers to “open ’em up” with comparative ease of mind as far as tires are concerned. —SC— Promptly at the start of the first day’s qualification runs. Cliff Bergere, the 46 year old Hollywood stunt driver, rolled his aluminum looking Offenhauser Special around the four lap distance for an average of 123.835 miles per hour. Louis Meyer was the next man to make a bid, and he did just that. Lou’s speed averaged 130.067 miles per hour for a new qualification record. Hunnington Park, California’s favorite son was driving the same car he drove last year. It was new then. —SC— Dutchman Meyer will be driving for a fourth victory in the approaching race. He holds the very exclusive title of being the only threetime winner of the “500.” Lou’s red, white, and black -car has a 40 gallon gasoline tank. He is planning on only one pit stop during the 600 miles. The car will operate at the high speeds to give between 6 and 7 miles per gallon—he says ... Things are figured pretty closely with plenty of variable factors in the picture. A second pit stop can quite easily add up to $2,000 less when the prize checks gre issued!
Counselors To Hear
Class Relations Talk
Dr. E. L. Kelly of the psychology department will speak at a joint meeting of co-ed and men counselors this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. He will discuss the particular points of view of freshmen and seniors and how they must be adjusted if a friendly acquaintanceship is to be established.
Illinois Graduate Van Doren attended the University of Illinois, graduating in 1907. There he was president of the University honorary society and editor of the literary monthly. He completed his graduate work at Columbia University and received his Ph.D. in 1911. He is recognized as one of the country’s leading conversationalists, as well as a distinguished author.
The Pulitzer prize carried a stipend of $1,000. In winning the award, 46 of the 56 critics awarded his “Benjamin Franklin” the best of the year. In 1936 his best-selling autobiography, “Three Worlds,” was published. He retired at 50, devoting his entire time to writing. In 1926 he was one of the founders of the Literary Guild of America and became editor-in-chief of its magazine that year.
Alpha Phi Omega Will Fingerprint Students, Faculty
(See Editorial on Page 2)
Student and faculty fingerprints will be taken this morning starting at 9 o’clock at a desk in the Union great hall, and this work will continue until 5:30 p. m. The same program will be carried out tomorrow and Thursday.
Prints taken will be filed in thi ee places; with the Lafayette police. State police at Indianapolis, and with the Federal Bureau of Investigation at Washington, D. C. These prints will not be connected with the criminal files already established, but will be used for identification purposes only.
Both Lafayette police and State police are cooperating with Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, in providing this free service. Lafayette Lieutenant J. V. Weinhardt has studied under FBI instructors in the National Police Academy at Washington, and Weinhardt or his representative will be present during the afternoon.
A State police officer will be on hand this morning. Materials will be furnished by both State and City
poli|j'
Exponent To Conduct Campus Opinion Poll
sented to winners include the H. G. Reisner cup, for the best short story; the George Ade cup, for the best one-act play; the David E. Ross cup, for the best poem; and the M. Clifford Townsend cup, for the best informal play.
Cash Prizes Cash prizes include the''Howard E. Enders awards of $10 and $5, for the best essays on science; the Hockema-Stewart ayard of $15 and $10, for the best essays on Tippecanoe county or Indiana history; the English department award of $10, for the best informal essay; and the W. H. Winterrowd awards of $100 and $35, for the best collection of techfiical and non-technical books collected by the student during his college career. The Winterrowd award is the largest of its kind given in any college. Collections will be judged on, not only the number of books, but the collector’s knowledge of them.
Thanksgiving Hoiiday ... Pi Beta Phi...
. . . vacation discussion, which came before the faculty meeting yesterday, was postponed until the October meeting to allow ample time for a further investigation into the matter. Should a vacation be allowed the students, it would not go into effect until 1940.
. . . social sorority was hostess to 700 student and faculty guests at an open house in their new chapter house Sunday afternoon and evening from 3 until 9 o’clock. The house was decorated with flowers which were presented to the sorority by friends. Punch was served to guests.
Masterpieces On Film Adorn Music Room In Photo Contest
By Seymour Lutzky
Each person will be given a personal identification card. This card will show name and address, tell whom to notify in case, of accident, and will exhibit the owner’s fingerprint.
A tiny figure lost m an immensity of nature’s wilderness, sunlight filtering through with difficulty, insignificant man . . . frail and short lived man. Impressions, are these, induced by a landscape photograph on exhibition in the Union music room. “Sylvan Serenity,” a masterpiece on film, a first prize winner for landscapes submitted by advanced jamateurs, taken by R. A, Buckles. Lights and shadows . . . wooden spoons and plates casting shadows, all compose “Chiaroscuro” by Ronald Creek, judged first for still life entrants. What is this ? Shiny, pellets of gray roundness . . . second prize for still lifes, “Pills,” photographed by W. T. Gephart. “Cute kitty, he’s laughing at me,” the little girl cried as she looked at the black and white l^itten sitting in a beam of brilliant sunlight. W. T. Gephart snapped “Jake” sunning himself to win first prize in the miscellaneous advanced amateur division. A muscular, brawny figure in a sailor cap thinking . . . perhaps brain does go with brawn . . . light shining on a bare body^ a portrait of a man, fashioned by R. B. Koehler, received thd portrait division award. In contrast, a glamour girl with soft shoulders glistening, turned before a partially hidden face ringed in a braid of hair . . . “Hollywood” . . . the woman
Program Planned For Somoza’s Half
Day Campus Visit
In the belief that both student and faculty opinion on pertinent points should be represented in the daily student paper, the Exponent will institute a series of weekly polls designed to mirror campus views. Results of the first of these, which is being confined to the faculty, will be printed in the June 3 edition. Starting next fall these polls will be taken from a carefully selected cross section of both students and faculty. Each week any question that is of particular interest to both students and faculty will be sent to this cross section and the results will be run in a regular column to be called “Campus Pros and Cons.” The first poll, the results of which are to run Jime 3, will be in the nature of a trial and will be the only one taken this semester. To Cover Finals Since final examinations start May 31, the subject of the first poll will concern final examinations, and will consist of six questions suggesting alternative plans to the present setup. These suggestions have been gathered in the main from systems employed by other colleges throughout the country. Alternate Plans Questions which will make up the questionnaire now being ^distributed to the faculty are the following; 1. Do you think that an oral quiz by a board of instructors in each department should be substituted for the present written finals, wherever the size of the departinent permits ? 2. Should tests during the year be entirely eliminated and class attendance be made optional with the pupil being allowed to take a final, written or oral, at any time when he feels that he has satisfactorily learned the required work? 3. Should final examinations be entirely elminated and the semester grade be determined entirely by class work plus a series of tests to be given at regular periods during the semester ? 4. Should the semester grade be determined by an average taken from daily quizzes, entirely eliminating finals? 5. Should the present system be continued with a change from letter to number semester grades? 6. Do you favor the continuance of the present system without alteration ? , I Faculty to Answer These questionnaires are being distributed to a majority of faculty members and will be returned to the Exponent by campus mail or the Exponent box at the main desk of the Union. All students and faculty members are asked to contribute any suggestions for future opinion polls; as it will be their purpose to provide a chance for the individual to attract campus-wide attention to any idea or scheme that he believes important.
Festivities will begin at 11:15 a. m. with the ceremonies of a 21 gun salute followed by a luncheon in the ballroom at noon for the Nicaraguan party, members of the state department, and the governor and lieutenant governor and their wives.
The afternoon’s tour will cover the live stock experimental farm, a beef cattle farm west of the University, and the dairy farm, ending at the University farm with a special demonstration by several herds of cattle.
17 Seats Available
In Coming Student Senate Elections
According to Martin Estey, new vice-president of Student Senate, only three petitions for Student Senate seats for next year had been taken out at 5 p. m. yesterday. All petitions must be in no later than 5 p. m. next Friday, May 26.
Seventeen seats, nine junior and eight sophomore, will be filled in the coming elections. The discrepancy in number is due to the fact that one of the present sophomores, in the school of science, who would otherwise fill a junior position next year, is dropping out. Since there will be no freshman senators next year, the sophomore and junior seats will be apportioned as follows:
. . . the photo by Ronald Creek, a second prize award. “Grounded,” a tri-motored plane on the earth facing into the rays of the setting sun ... a semi-sil-houette in the amateur miscellaneous class by G. C. Foxworthy, a worthy winner. More realism in light and shadow, “Busy Afternoon,” a city street . . . people scui'lying in the streaming sunlight . . . action in a big city, portrayed in movement by Tom Bank, a second place ribbon. A campus scene, Heavilon Hall through the trees of the campus lawn . . . light clouds above a tradition of “One Brick Higher” . . . a faint breeze stirring ... a typical spring morning, awarded a second in the advanced amateur landscape class. An expression of arrested movement ... a motionless second before the deluge ... a linotypist sitting at his machine . . . caught by Bob Dyer for Debris, now on exhibition, unruffled calm with a volcanic interior. “Breakfast,” “Lunch” and “Supper” . . . arrangements in setting on a walnut table , . . dishes and silver cutlery ... a series of three portraying meals of the day by Hund . . . again in light and dark. Impressions gathered on a brief visit are fleeting, yet . . . they remain in the mind to remember ... all gathered at the Union photography exhibit.
Science, 1 and 2; mechanical, 1 and 1; electrical, 1 and 1; civil, public service, and trade and industrial combined, 1 and 1; chemical and metallurgical, 1 and 1; agriculture, 1 and 1; pharmacy and physical education, 1 and 1; home economics, 1 and 1.
Of the three petitions aheady turned in, one was in the EE school, one in the HE school, and one in the Ag school.
Landess Speaks At Last Soil Science
Meeting Saturday
Speaking on the subject “Man Is Made of Clay,” W. M. Landess, assistant director of agricultural relations for the Tennessee Valley Authority, addressed more than 50 members and guests of the Soil Science Society of Indiana at a dinner meeting held Saturday evening in the Memorial Union Building.
Illustrating his talk with motion pictures, Landess showed that man’s social and economic progress is dependent upon the soil. He also entered into a general discussion of the agricultural development of the area being served by the TVA.
Staying over yesterday, Landess addressed the group of University agricultural specialists who are working on various phases of soil conservation and fertility problems. His talk covered the general philosophy of the broad TVA plan.
Juniors Selected Last
ight; Seniors Tonight
Climaxing his half day visit to the campus Thursday, President Somoza of Nicaragua will be heard over WLW from 3:15 to 3:45 p. m. while still on the University farm. WBAA will broadcast a portion of the program, and a guard of honor will be formed by Scabbard and Blade and POMM.
In a consultation that lasted far into the night, the Student Union electoral board finally selected the sophomores who will occupy the junior vicepresidencies for the coming year.
The board consisted of the present president and executives, Gorden Matthews, Ted Cabonargi, Sully Mason and Phyllis Crossman, L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, and the present junior staff.
New Vice-Presidents The new vice-presidents are: Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta; Lena Hibbs, Chi Omega; Virginia Royce, Alpha Chi; and Marge Seibert, Kappa Alpha Theta. A. B. Clarke, Delta Upsilon; Bill Woods, Pi Kappa Alpha; Jean Brooks, Alpha Gamma Rho; Paul Hammon, Sigma Nu; Larry Brodd, Phi Kappa Psi; Bill Huls, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Bill Crow, Beta Theta Pi; Bob Hoffer, Phi Kappa Psi, and Bob Tilt, Delta Upsilon.
Senior officers will be chosen by the same board, minus the juniors, at 4 p. m. today.
8,000 Spedafors Gather To Watch
Annual Airshow
Hyde,'41, Performs Sfunts With Glider
Eight thousand people gathered at the University airport Sunday afternoon to witness the annual American Legion-Purdue Airport air show, featuring Mike Murphy in aerial acrobatics. Additional entertainment was furnished by Earl Stein, Fostoria, 0., parachute jumper, who performed a bat wing act, dropping from 10,000 feet to within 1,000 feet of the ground before pulling the rip cord; and Cleveland C. Hyde, ME ’41, and a member of the glider club, who stunted his glider through a series of loops, stalls, slow rolls, and tail spins, after having been •towed aloft by an airplane. Model Contest During the morning, a model contest including 38 gas models, 15 rubber band models, and 14 scale models was held on the field. Fred Tuxworthy, representing the Lafayette YMCA, took senior honors in the gas model contest, William Keough, Indianapolis, placed second, and Dodge Lodge, Indianapolis, third. Junior Gas Division In the junior gas models, James Be^piet, Indianapolis, was first; Robert Romesier, Indianapolis, second, and Dick Ludwig, Lafayette, third. Rubber band fuselage models for seniors: First, Richard Obarski, ME ’41, R. G. Schmitt, Lafayette, second, and T. Velh-ath, Indianapolis, third. Robert Romesier and William Oates, of Indianapolis, placed first and second, respectively, in the fuselage class for juniors. In the rubber band stick group, John Freeman, Indianapolis; J. B. Cahill, ME ’40, who went to Prance last year for international competition, and Richard Obarski, were first, second, and third. Scale Models . Senior scale model builders E. G. Carpenter, R. F. Britt, and F. M. Fisher, all of West Lafayette, placed first, second, and third in their division; and first and second in the junior scale models were David Heckard, West Lafayette, and John Lentherman, Goodman. Solid balsa models, seniors: Fred Mayfield, W. D. Archibald, and C. W. Nelson, took the first three places in that order. In the model class for boys under twelve, Jerry Sylvester, West Lafayette, rated top honors.
‘4
'’4... of the entire United States population has been advocated from time to time in the nation’s press. Value of a national fingerprinting file cannot be denied in cases of amnesia, kidnapping, “lost” children, and especially for otherwise unidentified accident or drowning victims. Today through Thursday every student and staff member will have an opportunity to have his or her fingerprints taken, free of charge. “Too much bother,” some students may be inclined to say. Fingerprinting will take only a few minutes, however, and in case of trouble the prints might some day prove invaluable. / The idea of fingerprinting civilians is not new. Over five years ago the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened a file at Washington for civilians. One million men, women and children have voluntarily walked into police stations to have their prints taken and sent to Washington for filing. Lafayette City police fingerprint all transients. Two cases which show the value of this work come, to mind: Miles Radbury, a transient from South Bend, came through Lafayette in the spring of 1938, and was fingerprinted by the police. Six months later his body was taken from the Delaware river in Philadelphia, and he was identified only by prints taken here. Radbury’s body was then shipped home to his parents in South Bend. Last year one Frank McCollough committed suicide in La Salle, 111. He, too, was identified by fingerprints taken here. We don’t like these rather morbid Suggestions, but when you go by Alpha Phi Omega’s fingerprinting desk in the Union great hall today, stop and take advantage of their service. Some day, perhaps many years hence, you or your loved ones may be very grateful for this move. Sports Managers. .. . . . will find their jobs more codified and better organized next year under the rulings approved yesterday by SAA officials, junior managers, and Director of Physical Education Noble Kizer. Managers for all major sports-baseball, basketball, football, and track—will be called out in their freshman year under the new set-up. A limited number of sophomore managers will be chosen in each sport; six for baseball and basketball, eight for football, and five for track. Two juniors will be chosen for baseball and football, one for basketball, and one or two for track. Sophompres not selected for junior jobs may petition for junior minor sports managerial positions. Early next semester, a general freshman mass meeting will be called, when frosh may pick their favored sport. Deserving freshmen not chosen as sophomore workers will
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20. 1022, Published dally oxcwt Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subecription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith
—
Editor-in-Chief ...Business Manager
R. Jenkins D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini G. SchiUing
Sports Editor ... Editorial Director ......Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J.
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N, Y. CHICASO ■ BOSTOH ■ tos AMILIS • SAM ERAMdlSCO ' This newspaper is written, edited, and pubUehed bjr nndei^erraduate stadents of Purdue UniversttY. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the efitioial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—Carow Tuesday, May 23, 1939 receive medals similar to those given by the intramural department; all sophomores will be eligible for minor letters. In the past, each sport has followed its own system of managerial selection, and little year-round cooperation was found among different managers. These new rulings will simplify selection of managers, make for better cooperation, and should make these jobs more enticing to athletic-minded freshmen. Plans for the Manager’s Club have been approved by SAA officials and junior managers. Constitution of the club will be passed on by the student body this fall. Faculty Opinions... ... on the timely subject of final examinations are requested in a poll being sent to staff members today. The question of final examination administration has grown in importance and educational circles throughout the country, and we wish to get the opinions of Purdue’s faculty on finals. Please cooperate in answering these questions and returning them to us promptly. These polls will be continued next fall, among both students and faculty members. They are designed to get an accurate idea of cariipus opinion on various phases of educational methods and current affairs.
OoiaLo^iifUL (^jampJuA.
To the Editorial Director: I have noticed while visiting Cary Hall that petitions are out for the Tribune All Star football team. It seems that Cary Hall has started a drive for the election of Tony Ippolito. I think this is a very good idea, but why not get the whole campj^s behind this drive ? Purdue has such men as Joe Mihal, Tony Ippolito, and Paul Humphrey who could make that ball club. All they need is our support. Why couldn’t each fraternity, sorority, and independent house start up a petition for them ? The alumni could start the drive early also. I believe now is the time when we should start, and be just that far ahead of the rest of the candidates. i ■ We all realize that besides players the All-Stars have a coach who is elected by popular vote. Well, didn’t Mai bring out a fighting club last fall? Mai has done wonders and he can do them again in August, if ... . That word lies in the hands of you, the student body. Here is hoping this year’s All Stars have “Mai” Elward as coach, with Joe Mihal, Tony Ippolito, and Paul Humphrey playing. Bruno Polifroni, PE ’41. P, S. Those newly elected SAA officials might start out with a little action. Why don’t you start the ball rolling, “Bud” Taylor, Noland, and company?
Indianapolis Grads Organize To Form Guidance Committee A meeting of all members of the class of ’39 who are intending to live in Indianapolis will be held today at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. All seniors who are interested are invited to come and meet with members of the Indianapolis section of the Purdue Alumni Association to discuss plans for the formation of a “guidance committee.” The purpose of this committee will be to assist gi’aduates who are working in Indianapolis, and to help promote interest in alumni affairs. Tentative plans for the committee include Henry Steeg as chairman, and L. G. Gardner, George Davis, and Chet Reynolds as other members. Two women who have not been named as yet will also be on the committee. Religious Council Makes Plans For Coining Year Officers for 1939-40 Purdue Religious Council were elected yesterday afternoon at the last meeting of the year. New officers are: President, Roy Swanson; vice-president, Jane Briscoe; secretary, Bonnie Swope. A discussion of a proposed budget -vyas held and reports by the various committees were given. Proposed activities for next year include the sponsorship of a religious emphasis week, peace banquet, scarecrow ball, a fall retreat for council and a play. The religious
cotmcil is composed of students from all religious organizations and student pastors. It sponsors general religious activities.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
^ JANE WITHERS Bringing law and disorder to the West at jits wildesti
THE ARIZONA wiioar with LEO CARRILLO
PLUS
The Greatest Picture Ever Made About Uncle Sam's West Point. . .
THE WSEffJf -— with :— LOUIS HAYWARD TOM BROWN i/OHN FONTAINE
CAMPUS COMMENTS ILDA IRWIN, GERHARD KELLNER’S pin holder, feels quite vexed. She waited for her romeo to show up for the date, and waited .... He said that he was at a debate meeting. —B & B— MARY REUTHER is stepping out on her blonde boy friend. We all thought it was a powerful romance, but who knows ... —B&B--HARRY KORB, campus cassanova, does not appreciate the femmes on this campus. He’s excited about the Indianapolis Nurses’ Prom where his throb has probably invited him. He won’t tell more. —B & B— TOO BAD Dear George: I’m very sorry to say I did not receive the contrib that you so heartedly wished wouldn’t be printed.’ My motto is “whatever is sent in will be printed.” Heartlessly, B & B Editor. P. S. I wish the fellow who was supposed to send in the contrib about G. Bennett would do so. It must be good ... —B & B— 6,800 Students .... . . . and 3 contribs a week. Tsk, tsk ... that’s 44 thousandths of one per cent. Tch! Tch! —B & B— DAFFYNITIONS . . . Dam: That which if the three little fishes swam all over, who gives a. ' B. Fantone, EE.32. — PROM . . ^ . . . goers must have had a great time Friday nighb—or Saturday morning. The average time of coming home after the Prom was 5:45. This was based on asking 30 Joes what time they went to bed. —B & B— IT MAY . . . . . . have been a little warm in the ballroom, but the dancers didn’t
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
-and-
— WITH — GILBERT ROLAND MARSHA HUNT — also —■ 'FLAMING FRONTIER/' Serial
MAid
TODAY-TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS UNTAMED! SbB—bonkjr-tonk aogel!.. Bi-flilittog advMtorarl DoHc.. thrills
ALLAN LANE STEFFI DUNA ^EVELYN BRENT DONALD BSiaOS -plus—-
‘Then right about here you’ll have your first view of the mountains and their majectic peaks rising above the billboards—”
mind. They probably spent more time outside. (> —B&B— THERE MUST . . . . . . have been over 50 cars filing out of Happy Hollow Saturday morning . . . Ah me, what a hectic night! —B & B— HINT ... How to keep from listening to
NOW PLAYING
“Three Little Fishes” or “Beer Barrel.” 1. Move into a soundproof vacuum located in a haunted house in the center of a cemetery 899 miles from anywhere. 2. Go live in a deep cave on a desert island in an uncharted and unknown part of the far Pacific. 3. Shoot the orchestra leader. 4. Commit suicide. 5. Shut off the radio.
tiAES TODAY-WEDNESDAY HER GREATEST PICTURE!!
^DURBIN
-COMING SATURDAYPLATINUM BLONDES REVUE — WITH — NICK LUCAS
r %
For A Vacation of Real Value • • •
VISIT
"W/t/i its living charm... beauty.,. pageantry . . , £6 centuries o/Jf TRIP to Japan! A chance to see the actiMil •* ^ counterpart of fascinating ^^story-hook'*’ scenes and tales. What more delightful... unusual... instructive and completely worths while vacation could you choose—when Japem, today, is so accessible... the exchange rate so favorable! Think of finding lovely blossoming gardens, shrines, colorful festivals tmch&nsed; charming customs and costumes unaltered by time. Here is a tiny ^^world'^^ rich in beauty and art, ready to welcome you with the Western conveniences and diversions you appreciate in a foreign land. Come this Summer, when Japan is in fuE flower”;;: and you have leisure to enjoy it! SPEOAL RATES FOR GROUPS Student groups ene offered reductions on railroad fares in Japan, and on hotel rates. Also special facilities are available for inspection trips to various educational and cultural institutions, if desired. Sightseeing tours may be arrMiged dirough the Japan Tourist Bureau. r r f Porjurltur information, apply to your travel agent er to Ifi* Board of Tourist Industry, Japanese Government Railtvam SSI Fifth 4venue, New York, N. Y. A Visit Japan's Pavilions Now Yoricand Son FraneiseoFoiis.r M
Tuesday, May 23, 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Athletic Deparfmenf, Mechanicals, Reach Faculty Golf Finals Finishing with the amazingly low score of 219, the athletic department completed the first round of the Faculty Golf tournament an easy winner, with the second lowest score 24 strokes higher, a 243 turned in by the mechanical engineers. This standing advances the athletic department to the finals to be oppose(%by the mechanicals. Closely following the 243 of the mechanicals were the pharmacy and military departments sharing third place honors with a 249. In last place were the ag. chemists with a 272. The low man on each of the first two teams will meet in the playoff, followed in succession the men with the higher scores. Three points will be allowed each match, with one point for each nine holes, and one for the entire eighteen. The following men are matched in the playoff: Guy Mackey vs. H. G. Venneman. M. L. Clevett vs. K. D. Wood. S. Voinoff vs. C. W. Messersmith. M. Taube vs. W. A. Tooker. E. Burnham vs. D. L. Arm.
Boilermakers Drop To Fourth Place In Big Ten Standings By virtue of Michigan’s four to three win over Wisconsin at Madison, Wis., the Boilermaker baseball squad dropped to fourth place in the Western Conference Standing yesterday as Iowa continued to lead the conference after taking it over during the last weekend. The Hawkeyes are only one-half of a game ahead of the runnerups, Indiana’s Hoosiers, who completed their season’s schedule last weekend by topping Ohio State in a double-header. Michigan took . over the third jpost, being one-half game ahead of the Boilermakers, and Northwestern remained in fifth place. Wisconsin is Iowa’s only barrier to the Big Ten championship. The lowans must face Wisconsin twice next week in the final two ghmes of the conference schedule. Indiana is without another chance to catch the leaders unless the Hawkeyes lose their final games. The Boilermaker squad’s only chance to win honors will be sharing the crown with the league leaders. If Iowa should lose both games and' the Riveters top Michigan in a double header this weekend, the Western Conference standings would be deadlocked in first place.
STAGyNr/ • Your prom program will be long since over-bid ... but you'll toy with it for the sheer joy of watching the magnetism of your sparkling fingertips! Enjoy the luxury of an expert professional manicure at your favorite beauty shop ... topped off with one of Peggy Sage's new "Sentimental Trio" of flattering fingertip accents . . . Goldrush . . . Heartbreak ... Nosegay. Or ask for these subtle-siren colors at better toiletries counters ... They're straight from Peggy Sage's exclusive salons in New York, London and Paris. "The polish thaf wears like iron." 'S'
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy
TFie Lahr Hotel
Improve your salads by using Salad Dressing made fresh daily by the manufacturer.
Gold Sejd Salad Dressing...
gal.
$ .90
Gold Seal Mayonnaise
.:.......gal.
$1.35
Gold Seal Thousand Island.
gal.
$1.00
Gold Seal Sandwich Spread......
gal.
$1.00
Merit Salad Dressing
-gal.
$1.00
Rostov Food Market
5th and Columbia Streets
Phone 5081
Baseball
Choice,
By Robert J. Deckard
Team Slugs Out Over Wabash
It was more or less of a track meet yesterday when the Boilermaker nine stepped up to the ole pan and swatted out 16 healthy hits to down the invading Wabash Giants in the local ballyard . . . bingles, two-baggers, triples, and * homers fell on the visitors, until a general feeling of hopelessness seemed to paralyze all of Wabash’s initiative. ^ —fc— A roster of second-stringers filled in several slots of the lineup for the locals, with Sammy Lyboult, Johnny Vernon, and Bud Fisher leading the entire contingent in the hitting department. . . Lyboult, senior hotcorner man, accounted for a brace of hits, as Vernon slammed out a pair of singles and a booming triple to deep left field, the sphere bounding off the wall 400 feet from the plate. —-fc— Promising sophomore catcher, Bud Fisher, was not to be outdone . . . His homer in the eighth chapter was one of the hardest and longest hits ever registered in the University diamond . . . Bud also negotiated a single. —^fc— Pop Doan, popular freshman baseball coach, remarked during the game yesterday that Fisher, a vicious hitter at the plate, holds the bat at the plate similar to Ty Cobb, immortal major league baseball player . . . Bud grips the bat about three inches “up,” his right hand still “up” about three inches above
BASEBALL STANDINGS W L Pet Iowa 7 2 .778 Indiana ......7 3 .700 Michigan 6 3 .667 PURDUE 5 3 .625 Northwestern 6 5 .645 Minnesota ......; ....5 5 .500 Illinois ..................4 6 .444 Wisconsin .....4 5 .444 Ohio State 2 8 .200 Chicago 2 9 .182 \ Games This Week Today—Michigan at Wisconsin. Friday-—Ohio State at Minnesota; Michigan at Purdue. Saturday—Ohio State at Minnesota; Michigan at Purdue; Chicago at Northwestei'n.
his left . . . and he swings with all the power of a battering ram. —fc— Fisher proved also he can take just about anything a Wabash pitcher could throw . ... Twice Shively, Wabash moundsman, hit the sophomore, once on the wrist in the fifth frame and once On the neck in the sixth ... he just grinned. —fc-— ' Wabash right fielder Davis almost had a dream come true, in the second inning yesterday . . . He lofted a high fly into left field, the ball missed going over the left field fence, 381 feet away, only by a few yards.
Slugging out an 11 to 6 victory over Wabash on Ross-Ade field yesterday, the Boilermaker baseball team broke a threegame losing streak. Wargo was the winning pitcher, allowing the Little Giants only two hits and one run in the first five
innings.
The Riveters showed an improvement in their hitting strength, getting sixteen hits, four of them going for extra bases. Smithson and Fisher crashed through with home runs while Vernon and Thompson drove out triples as did Davis, Wabash right fielder. All But Wargo Hit Every member of the Boilermaker lineup except Wargo, the pitcher, hit safely, Vernon improving his average the most; he got three hits in four trips to the plate. Fisher, Lyboult, and Hearne each helped the cause along with two hits.
B^mak ZaAdiif'? ♦a ENJOY THE LUXURY OF THE WORLD-FAMOUS Piliy Sdie MAiSilCUflE LOEB & HENE COMPANY
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of Warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
Johnny Emmert is scheduled to pitch for the Boilermakers when they invade Indianapolis tomorrow for a return game with the Butler Bulldogs, according to Goach “Dutch” Fehring. The game will start at 3 p. m. In the first game the Riveters won a 10-1 decision on Ross-Ade Field. Wargo was very effective during the five innings, he worked, getting into trouble only once. In the third inning he allowed the Little Giants to take a momentary advantage when he walked two men .and Seiler hit one into center to give the visitors a 1-0 lead. ' Vernon Triples With two out in their half of the third, Vernon drove a triple into right field, Dickinson singled, Yeager waited Hawkins out for a walk, and Hearne singled to give the Gold and Black a 3-1 lead, which they never relinquished. One run in the fourth, and three in the fifth increased the margin to 7-3. Shively took the mound for Wabash after the Boilermakers had two runs in the fifth with no outs, and retired the side after allowing a third run to score on a sacrifice by Lyboult. Bredewater Pitches In the first of the sixth Fehring . sent Arnold Bredewater to the mound. After hitting one man and walking the next, Bredewater gave up two singles and the Little Giants brought the score to 7-6, aided by the only Boilermaker error of the game by Capt, Jimmy Thompson. Bredewater got by the seventh and eighth innings without allowing a hit, and in the last of the eighth his mates started another rally to put the game on ice. The feature
Bsl QaAimL Choose Sport Shirts and Trousers for Campus Wear
The best dressers on the campus prefer to wear the fashionable sport shirt. We have a varied assortment of shirts of several fabrics. Half sleeves —- smart new colors. $1.00-$1.50 $1.95
Trousers in every possible style and color. Cool washable cotton gaberdine slacks in a variety of colors and patterns. $2.50 - $2.95 $3.95
Smart looking wool slacks of the latest cut. $3.95-$7.50
DEWENTER'S
416 Main
Phone 3801
of this uprising was the long homer by Fisher to center with two of his mates scoring in front of him. Wabash Assault A double, a triple, and four singles were the extent of the Wabash assault while their record was marred by five errors. Hawkins allowed ten hits and six mns during his stay on the mound, while Shively was nicked for six hits and five
runs.
Fisher, Boilermaker catcher, took the most punishment during the game, being hit twice by Shively and barely getting out of the way of a wild pitch on another occasion. Double Play Good fielding marked the Boilermaker play, one of the most spectacular efforts being a spear by Jimmy Thompson in the third inning in short left field in which he staggered and fell after the'' catch, but held on to the ball for the out, Wabash provided the only double play of the game with Schloot, Rhode, and Hanscon teaming up to cut down Fisher and Wargo in the fifth inning. The summary: PURDUE (11) AB R H Lyboult, 3b .4 0 2 Vernon, If — 4 1 3 Dickinson, cf .........4 1 1 Yeager, rf-lf .4 2 1 Hearne, 2b 4 2 2 Smithson, lb 5 12 Thompson, ss 4 ,3 2 Fisher, c 3 1 2 Wargo, p ....:..2 0 0 Dean, rf ..2 0 0 Burrough, 2b 0 0 0 Lorenz, lb — 0 0 0 Bredewater, p 2 0 1 Totals ...38 11 16 WABASH (6) AB R H Rhode ,ss ....4 0 0 Marciniak, c .5 0 0 Seiler, cf ......4 0 1 Hanscon, lb ........3 2 1 Davis, rf 2 1 1 Emmert, P., If .5 1 2 Gray, 3b 4 0 0 Hawkins, p ...0 0 0 Shively, p ........2 1 0 Schloot, 2b - ...4 1 1 Totals 33 6 6 Doubles—Hanscon. Triples—Davis, Vernon, Thompson. Home runs—Smithson, Fisher. Base on balls—off Hawkins, 3; off Shively, 2; off Wargo, 4; off Bredewater, Struck out—^by Wargo, 3; by Bredewater, 1. Hit by pitcher—by Shively, Fisher, twice; by Bredevm,ter, Hanscon. Wild pitches—Hawkins, 1; Shively, 2. Double plays—Schloot to Rhode to Hanson. Intramural Schedule TENNIS Today—4:15 p. m. Klein vs. Murray or Davidson. Vitale vs. Lucht or Waddington. Parrish vs. Venable or Pruitt. Deutman vs. Keilman or Clark. Class “A" Doubles, Sigma Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. ■ Final. Class “B” Doubles SAE or Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Chi or Delta Tau Delta. Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi or Tau Epsilon Phi. BASEBALL TODAY Diamond— 6—^Alpha Tau Omega or Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Chi. 8—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Pi Phi or Theta Xi. 10—Ward lOx or Cary Hall 10 vs. Ward 6 or Ward 2A.
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN Lawn: Hose, Sprinklers, Mowers, Rakes and Brooms. JOHN SPER6, Hdw. 822 MAIN ST. PHOKE 2777
■■■ ‘II
■m3bxaL Gdiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TUdioLL
Tuesday, Mdy 23, 1939
MISCELLANEOUS
FOR RENT*—Two very attractive upper and lower apartments at 130 Chauncey 6 room and bath Shown during day 50 NAME CARDS 60c Kane s Print Shop 401 S 29th, Phone 6205 TYPEWRITERS—All makes standard and portable sold purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main St.
WANTED — Three room unfurnished apaitment- West side Year round tenants Sperling 66562
LOST AND FOUND
lost—Sigma Chi fraternity pm between Armor> and Civil Bldg Call Chas Martin 23o2
Notices
Exponent Editorial Staff The following are scheduled to work Tuesday May 23 DeHoog Miers Rohwer Kennedy Fletch er Mueller Ochiltree Sears Anderson Yoder Notherman —FRED
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday May 23, at '■ 30 p m in room C of the Union —MACK
Chi Epsilon Meeting Tuesday May 23 at ( 30 p m in room C of the Union build ing Election of officers Everyone be pres—FARR
Advanced Military Seniors scheduled to attend Corps Day on Tuesday will assemble in room 103 Armory at 11 a m Tuesday May 23 Those scheduled for Thursday Corps Day will assemble in room 103, Armory at 11 a m Thursday May 25 Uniform not necessary —J A PICKERING
Final Exam Notice Check the final examination schcedule again to be sure that vou have noted the proper time and place of your finals Failuie to undeistand or misreading the schedule sheet are not suffi cient causes to yi arrant a second examination Absence from a final exam wiU necessitate the lecoiding of a failing grade in that course (o 29) (• —M L FISHER Musical Organizations Sign up in Mu SIC office Fowler Hall now for department banquet to be held May 25th —STEWART
M the Nm
DWER? ^aughanS SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES Now Is the Time to Repair Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop 104 Main St. Phone 6852
University Choir • Important rehearsal and meeting in Fowler Hall studio Tuesday, May 28, at 4 p m —STEWART
7 30 p m Wednesday, May 24, in the office Please be prompt. —SICKMAN
attendance
-MirCHEtLI/.
Delta Rho Kappa All members please contact me as soon as possible (5 23) —HANNAS Alpha Phi Omega All members interested and all pledges who have not completed their two hour service period, please contact me either in person or by phone, 8421 m connection with the fingerprinting project Please make contact before Mon-
day
(6-24) —YATES Alpha Lambda Delta Initiation has been
^ 7, Ma
WSGA Judicial and Executive Boards: Both old and new, be present for final fling Wednesday May 24, at 8 15 p m in WSGA office —SICKMAN
Varsity Swimmers: Meeting of all '38’39 swimmers in the fleldhouse at 4 p m Tuesday May 23 —GRAHAM
Gold Peppers Meeting Thursday May 26 at 6 p m in WSGA office Compulsory
Sigma Delta Psi: Election of officers at the Alpha Chi Rho house at 7 p m Tuesday May 23 All local and national members attend Please be prompt —BODEAU
postponed until Sunday,
lay 28, at 8 30
-BURNHAM
Sigma Delta Psi Tuesday May 23 will be the last day to try out this year Trials will be held in the stadium at 4 p m —KELLER
University Orchestra Tuesday May 23
No rehearsal -PHILLIPS
All Chemical Engineering Seniors Don t forget to buy your tickets Tuesday May 23 for the banquet tonight at 6 16 in the Union ballroom —TYNER
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers Plans are under way for organization of cooperative buying plan A meeting will be held early next week to sign agreements and make initial deposits Please do not sign fall buying contracts See Viehe Breuer, Houston or me for further details (6-26) —CATTERALL
Student Senate Banquet Tuesday May 23 at 6 30 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union —ESTEY
Pistol Team All members of the team report to the Armory at 4 p m Wednes day May 24 —HOLMES
Activity Board Interviewers All those intending to interview Fieshmen next year attend training school in room B of the Union at 4 p m Wednesday May 24 instead of Tuesday May 23 as previously scheduled —DARR
Activities Bureau Freshmen Please bring all tabulations on questionnaires in the Activities office Tuesday May 23 —GIPE
Tau Kappa Alpha Initiation and banquet Wednesday May 24 All members and pledges report to Room F Union Building at 6 p m —BUCKLES
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Wednesday J''ay 24, at 7 CO p m in room A of the Union —McCAMMON
WSGA Executive Board Meeting at
Guard Your Personal Appearance
HOROUILY.CI-EANED
CROWN LAUNDRY West Side Office—Top of the Hill
Gimlet Club: Meet at Sigma Nu House Wednesday, May 24, at 7 00 p m for
formal initiation —PRAZEE. \
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professions!
"DEAC" Everything for a College Eckicetion H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119<A Vina Wast Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ava
dR'nting Offics Stalloneiy . . ED 1 Wedding InvIiailons PHONE ■ 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408ferry
• jewelers
• Shoe Repair
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tha
504 Main St.
VARISITY BOOT SHOP
e Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latchos and pacHooks Auto keys a spedaHy Bicyclas, ac'essories and repairine MOLHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St Phana 2«28
WAA Class Baseball The following were chosen for class teams Freshmen Ward Wood Lasswell Britton Cox Har rison Kennedy VanNice Ade Murphy McFarland Metzkei Sitch Kirkoff and Pidgeon Sophomores—Swist Fishleigh Perkins Reman Morehouse Reiley Holden Spr> Maier and Blank Juniors—Johnson 'Weishaar Holtmen Walkei Schroeder Hoover Clymer Cooki^ Sexton Shaffer and Perry Games for Tuesday May 23 4 pm freshmen \s sophomores 5pm Kappas vs Waids 1 and 3 Games for Wednesday May 24 4 p m sophomores vs juniors Thursday May 2o 4 p m freshmen vs juniors —COOK
WAA Archery loumament Class team tournament will start on Monday May 22 and will continue until Thursday May 25 Menjbers wanting WAA points must turn in their score sheets at gym office by Thursday May 25 at the latest —MOREHOUSE
All Girls Those interested in forming a new cooperative house for next year meet at the Wesley Foundation 435 State street at 7 30 p m on Tuesday May 23 for an organization meeting —BONNELL
JOIN THE MARCH TO Chesterfield
for REFRESfflNG Mildness for Better Taste for More Pleasing Aroma For the things they want in a cigarette, millions of smokers all over the country are turning to Chesterfields. There’s more real smoking pleasure in Chesterfield’s right combination of cigarette tobaccos than in any other cigarette you ever smoked.
When you try them you ll know why Chesterfields satisfy legions of smokers from coast to coast
"^ter/ield
The National Champion, Marlboro, Mass , American Legton Drum and Bugle Corps The Right Combination of skill, precision and rhythm.
CHESTERFIELDS ARE MILDER...THEY TASTE BETTER
Copyright 19J9 Liggbtt & Mvbrs Tobacco Co<
•* t