A
' .Af a’ Ml- J >-4M' v': ^ V s '^;<i^f:\K-kOM\m*'i ■'
,»„;. rv:7
? ffii
\
IV
published Daily by Stfliilts of Purdue University
mxpanent
wsfe&
VOLUME XLVIII
SwtoMW*
EAPAYEfTE, INDIANA, 'PtJ^DAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1986 ’ -^f =1i-, r- -V’^ - .. . -..
'"‘^ ^
NUMBER2
McGANNON OUT OF DANGER
peanl'toT^ , i>is€iiss
i^ms At Mee^^ Tomorrow
Problems eonfronting freshnien vrill be attacked by Dean Dorothy C. Stratton and Dean M. D* Fisher as they discuss the subject, 1 Were a Freshman” at'the first student forum of the year tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building.
Auditions |or new WDAA stilllf jhemberu wilt be held Friday^^S^Ft. 18, ^it 4 p. m., in the WBAA studida on the third ^p^r oi the Mectrieal Engineering Building. All si^ents interested in announcing, technical, or program work are urged to be present at that time.
All students are welcome to attend the meeting of the forum
which, after tomorrow, will meet every Thvusday evening in the facUtiy lounge at the same time. The ibruni, this yeftr as before, is backed the Religious COimcil and interesting programs have been arrang-
^ed for subsequent meetings.
Notables WiU Talk At Convo
‘‘Progress Assetidily” To Include Band Seleo-
bons, - ’ .7^"^ -V The “Progyein^^J^j^lioi^” tV' first convo of the start of the tJfiiSi^fil^yf^^ixtythird year, will Moh%jF evening at 7:30 in i^e NMsaeqriaLUymnasium. A been planned that will )netnd^ er^eval nationally<known pei^oxiiifip. tlie T.IMc* Cutcheon, a Purdue “grad” of 1889, who will serve as master of ceremonies. Among other celebrities, will be Amelia Earhart, world-re-nowned aviatrix, who is a member of the Purdue faculty. Notables Several other notables from the University who will speak are President E. C. Elliott; David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; and “Nobe” E. Kizer, athletic director and head football coach. It was announced yesterday that George Ade, well-known writei and humorist, will attend. The “All-American” Purdue band, under the leadership of Pi of. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, will render several selections? Community singing, led by Albert P. Stewart, director of music, and yells, under the leadership of “Walt” Bmnell, will also be included.
WBAA AUDITIONS
Dahlbeck Dies From Bums
Gasoline Explosion At Civil Camp Injures Six Grid Stars
Plan Opening Of Two Houses
In anticipation of an increased enrollment of women students, two new rooming houses for co-eds will be opened this semester under University management. Each of the houses will accomodate 16 students. One house, located at 103 Russell Street, will serve as an annex to the Women’s Residence Hall and be open to fresh- , men, while the other, to be known t as University House, is Jocated at 421 University Street, and will be open to upperclassmen. Both houses hhve been furnished in much the same manner as the Women’s Residence Hall and will be under the same supervision. Additional housing facilities for Women students will also be providted by the Alpha Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma sororities, both of which constructed new chapter houses during the summer.
Freshmen Meet Deans At Smoker
University freshmen met the professors and deans of their individual schools Saturday night at introductory smokers held in the Memorial Unipn Building before the i^ix#er.
Grief and mourning invaded a carefree University campus over the week-end following the tragic death of Carl Dahlbeck and serious burning of five other athletes in a flameinfested shower rooin of the University Civil Engineering camp Saturday afternoon. ^ j t- V GaboUtie, whiph was lilfed to remove the adhesive tape'^m the ankles and legs of the plaj^rs was spilled, foming a thin layer over the water in the bottom of the shower. Fumes from the gasoline reached a water heater causing the explosion which ignited the gasoline. In the rush out, Dahlbeck slipped and fell, dislocating his shoulder. Carl, afire all over, got' up and, using the only possible way of exflames, jlive^d into, the pooh f " r * Pat Malaska also slipped on the slick floor and fell into the flames. Pat was saved from more serious burns by Lowell Decker, who picked him up and threw him into safe territory. Besides Decker and Malaska, Maloney, Drake, and McGannon received burns on the legs as they rushed out of the danger zone through the foot high flames. While the fire was burning out. Coach Kizer and his assistants administered first aid to the injured men until the ambulances could come to rush them to the St. Elizabeth hospital.
PIA Paper Is Improved Changes Aid Publica-
tion : Issued Oftener
Appearing simultaneously with the year’s first edition of the Exponent last Saturday, the Purdue Independent shows the improvement that staff changes have made. An eight page edition, it covers in detail all the news of the Purdue Independent Association. Distinct staffs now handle the work of editing the paper and the program for the year includes a more nearly complete covering of independent activities and better^ contacts with students. The editorial staff of the paper, headed by Harold R. Sennstrom, has issued a call for students wishing to work on the publication who should report to the Independent office in the Memorial Union Building. All students enrolled in the University are eligible for positions on the staff.
Horticulture Display Wins at Chicago Exhibit
Indiana horticulture associations in cooperation with the University won a gold medal and $100 for their display at the International Livestock Exhibit at Chicago. The display included Indians fruits, vegetables and flowers. The exhibit will be ^own until next Sunday. Several members of the University horculture staff will remain in CWcago to act as judges this week.
Never To J$e Forgotten
With the tragic death Carl Dahlbeck last Sunday, there passed on not only a brilliant athlete but a hne personalty and a sterling character as well. Carl w^s well known for his fighting qualities. Not a large man, he had to exert almost every ounce of strength to compete in a game in which he faced much bigger men in terrific physical contact. He was knocked unconscious several times in his all too short career on the gridiron, but he always Showed that he was of the cloth of which real heroes are lijt^e by rising and continuing to battle for his Universal^ Off the playing field as well, Carl had many friends aw admirers. He showed up at his best last Saturday, when he remained courageous in face of odds which eventually overwhelmed him. To say that he will never be forgotten is putting it mildly—^his brave spirit wiU live on in the hearts of other Boilermakers, both on the playing field and in later life. All those of us who are in the slightest way attached to Purdue, as students, faculty, or friends, will forever pay homage to the memory of one of her true greats.
The body of Carl Dahlbeck, victim of the gasoline explosion at Ross Civil Camp late Saturday afternoon, was started back to his home in Lyndonville, Vt., by train at 3:80 o’clock this morning. Accompanied by three University representatives, “Dutch” Fehring, assistant varsity football coach; Prof. M. L. Clevett, head of the intramural department, and Walt Burnell, head cheer leader, the remains will arrive in Lyndonville at boon tomorrow. Funeral services will be held at the family church at 2 o’clodc (EST) Thursday afternoon. Memorial services will also be conducted at St. John’s Episcopal chiuch, Lafayette, at the same time.
Carl was born at Lydonville on October 26,1910. He is survived by his father, mother and onb sister. Carl entered the University in September, 1933, after being graduated from Lydon Institute, in Vermont. He achieved the distinguished rating last semester and maintained a “B” average throughout his attendance at Purdue. He was pledged to Kap' pa Sigma social fraternity here about the middle of last semester, preceding which time he resided at Cary Hall. Initiation services were held for him at 1:30 yesterday afternoon.
Thb Purdue'^Alumni Association will be represented at the funeral by Milton C. Kling, ’24, bank clerk of Laconia, N. H.
arl played on the freshman football eleven during his first year at the University, participated in about half of the games during his sopho-
tion at guard on the team last year. He was regarded as potential AllAmerican material this fall by Coach Noble E. Kizer.
YWCA Tea To Explain Work
Freshman Co-eds Guests At Function On September 17
New University women will have an opportunity to learn about the work of the Y. W. C. A. and to meet members and officers of the organization at a tea meeting to be Sept. 17, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting will prove equally interesting for both new and old members, since th^ heads of the various interest groups will be announced and the membership drive will be explained. Co-eds In Charge The co-eds in charge of the interest groups are Betty Klein, literature; Mary Wien, music; Mary !U>ell and Martha Cassell, outdoor; Mildred Mills, personal relationships; Mary Schafer, philosophy and religion; Helen Conver, social service; Jean Brown, settlement house; Dorothy Bryant, Cary Home. The administrative committees are in charge of Jayne Bennewitz, membership; Peggy Hamilton and Mary Alice Learning, office; Lorene Ristow, personnel; Sara Alice McIntosh, program; Martha Wood, publicity; Dorothy Coan, worship; and Jayne Bennewitz, social.
Athletic Ticket Book Sales Reach 605
First day sales of Student Athletic Association ticket books reached h new all-iime high yesterday as tlie numbcy of books sold reached 605. This mark exceeds the last year’s first: day sales by nearly lOO books. The officers of the S. A. A. have set 2,600 sules us their quota for this year. In commenting on the prospects for filling the quota, Harry Hughes, president of the organization, felt that the outlook was optimistic.
WARNING!
Violations of the traffic laws must be stepped! Speed limits of 30 miles per hour in the residential district and 20 miles per hour in the business section of West Lafayette must be observed. All violators of these speed laws and “Stop Sign” regulations will be prosecuted. CHIEF HAYDEN, West Lafayette Police Dept.
PIA Wm Give Frosh Smoker
Activities Keynote Of Tomorrow’s Meeting
Shirt sleeves will be in ordei at the all Freshman Smoker to be sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association tomorrow evening in the Union Ballroom. Dr. J. E. Walters, director of peisonnel of the University, will address the group on “Our Activities —^Their Importance To You.” A number of campus activities and organizations will be introduced by student members including: Union, J. H. Shoemaker; Musical Organizations, J. F. Brubaker; Playshop, G. D. Williams; Debating, R. Horn, and Fi’aternities, J. W. Kettle. Robert Schlundt, social chairman of P. I. A., will discuss the social calendar and activities of the association, apd W. White, activities chair' man, will act as toastmaster.
Old WRII Gang Plans Return To Hall Haunts
Former residents of the Women’s Residence Hall are invited to a picnic supper at the Hall Thursday at 5 o’clock^^ The guests will return to their old rooms and will be escorted to supper by the freshman co-eds now living in these rooms. Supper will be served on the terrace Both sophouiores and juniors are includ ed in this Invitatioii. «
Players Rest EasUy At Local Hospital
Drake Released; Maloney Out Neict
Majority Of Burns Are First Degree Complete Account Of lii'
juries Listed
Most of the burns on all six players afflicted, including Dahlbeck, were first degree bums. This is the name given to burns which do not penetrate the thin out er layer of skin. It is a scorch or superficial congestion with no actual destruction of skin. It appears red and is very painful. It closes the pores, preventing perspiration which causes the most severe complications in cases where large areas of skin have been burned. A detailed list of the burns suffered 4>y the athletes follows: DAHLBECK Badly burned feet, ankles and backs of legs. First degree burns on front of legs, arms, hands and back. Chest and head unharmed. McGANNON ^
Oxygen Tent Rnnuir Fabe; Tannic Acid Treatmort Usedl
Badly burned on feet and legs. Most severe burns are on feet. First degree burns on upper parts of legs and on back of right should-
ei^. Lighter first degree bmuis on the under part of right arm above
9
Most severe burns on feet and legs. Slight first degree burns on both hands. Has patches of burns scattered all over back. DRAKE
Dismissed from the hospital at Inoon yesterday. Slightly burned on one foot. Superficial bums scattered ovei the lower parts of body. Patches on back burned like a severe sunburn. MALASKA Bui ns largely confined to his legs. Feet most severly burned. Treatment showing rapid lecoveiy. MALONEY Will be next to leave the hospital. Is crabbing about having to stay in bed. Slight burns below the knees and on feet. Not nearly so severe as those suffei ed by the othei’s.
Wait A Minute! Try A Pidnless Way
Wait a minute. We’re not going to hurt you. It’s just another “Knock-Knock.” “O. K.” you gioan. “Let’s huve it,” “Harold.” ^ “Harold who?” “Harold never grow on a bald head.” And maybe you think your head won’t be bald if yon wait to hear about campus happenings from your friends. A subscription to the Exponent will bring the campus news to your door while it’s fresh. And don’t forget, it will he accurate, too. Subscribe now. Don’t delay. Send one to the parents. It’s the painless way of writing home. They are on sale at Deac’s, South worth’s, the Union Desk and at the Armory door during registratioiu The price is $2.50 by carrier and $3.50 by mail.
Frosh Co*ed8, Mealoxo Guests Oi Preside!
AH new wosnen student guests at tjha president’^ dinner SaV urday evenings Prudent Edward C. Elliott was Ute pruud]^ speal^* er. Dean Dorothy C. Stratum alsn spoke.
Tom McGannon is believed to be out of danger. Attendants at St. Elizabeth Hospital where he is being treated bums suffered Saturday, last night said he was resting easily for the first time since the a!ccident. Another bit of information offered by hospRsl attendants as proof of his rapidly improving condition was his “crabbing at having to stay in bed.” Others Improving Lowell Decker, Pat Malaska and Jim Maloney, the other players sMIl confined to Hie hospital, were idso reported improving. John Drake was dismissed from the hospital yesterday noon. Ifah loney will be toe next to leave. -Itomors flying about toe eampfos Monday told wild tales of Me€kui^ non’s death, the use of oxygen tmits in keeping the players alive and other similar imtmths. Official information issued by toe hospital last night stated toat MeGannon seemed d^nitely out of danger. In cases of severe bums toe crisis is believed to have passed 40 hours after toe bum is inflicted. First Aid Rapid first aid tr^tment and efficient hospital treatment are important tojgtors in toe-recovery, ei Jtoe. players. The death of Carl Dahlbeck was officially attributed to toxemia and shock caused by toe bums. His entire body was burned except for part of his chest and his head. The bums closed the pores of the skin, stopping perspiration. This put a severe strain on his kidneys and resulted in his death by toxemia. A similar condition seems to have been prevented in the cases of the other four athletes still confined to the hospital. Oxygen Tent? Pei sons who peered around toe screens covering the doors to toe patients’ rooms at St. Elizabeth Hospital saw what they interpreted to be an oxygen tent. This “tent” is a cradle used to keep bed covers from chafing bums of the patients. It is placed over their lower limbs where the bums aie most severe. Tannic Acid Tannic acid is being used in treating the burns. It is toe most modern and scientific method known to medical science today. No bandages are used. The bums aie coated with solutions of the acid which forms a crnst over the tender portions, allowing the new skin to grow up unhindered underneath. When the new skin grows it gradualte forces off the crust. ^^s method gives new skin with apjmnimum of scar tissue. Doctors bdieYe-toe leg muscles of the athletes will not be affected. Doctors will issue no statemento about how long the players wiH be confined to the hospital. They will not state definitely toat McGannon and the others he able to play football this season. Neither will they state definitely that they will he unable to play. There is the possibility toat they will all be able to play. But coaches and doctors alike are concerned first with the rapid recovery of the hum victims—^not with their alulij^ to play foothaH after they recover.
f‘ f J
%
4
4"
i *0
t <
t
ji.."'''"*'”^''*'P”‘ i II ill 111 n,
rmft
K'l ' ll"/' ' te •='
THE PU&{t)lJ^
Frosh vs. Varsity
This year the time is all too short before the football 4ason opens. In fact, it will be only three days after classes actually meet that the two Boilermaker teams, freshman and varsity, renew their eternal feud
in KOss-Ade Staditim.
Saiurday, the first test of the 1936 squad will come. Last year the rhinies held the varsity to a 21-0 score, the lowest in years. This was in part due to the great amount of enthusiasm manifested by the class of ’39. If the class of ‘40, largest in the history of the University, can better that spirit, the neophytes may
again outdo themselves.
This annual game is worthy of thS support of all loyal Boilermakers. Sponsored by the Gimlet Club, the profits are used exclusively for the support of Purdue athletics. Tickets are very reasonably priced; the game will be hotly contested, and there is no reason why all students should not be there Saturday.
Readers’Opinions
Tht Exponent todcomes eommenU of good taste and reasonMe length from its readers. •
Throw Out The CCC?
What will happen after May 4,1937? Will the Civilian Conservation Corps be thrown out or will it continue ? Has it helped ? Will it continue to help ? These questions are being asked and answered—^pro and con—everyday. | A personal opinion: The CCC should not be thrown put. It is keeping boys off the streets and aWay from direct contact with crime. Before the CCC was instigated the well-known “drug-storp cowboy” flourished in all his splendor. With nothing to do but hold up the front of the drug store, they had plenty of time to think hp things they shouldn’t do. There has been a noticeable decrease in the number of “drug-store cowboys”. This one point should be sufficient reason to keep the CCC. ^ Of course, we have many people that hate to admit the Democratic Party is right, or vice versa. But the American public as a whole should not “kick” at the taxes for keeping and educating these boys. They are not only helping to correct the landscape of our country but they are also sending a little money to their needy parents. There are some who do not need this money, of course, but that is found in every walk of life and is only of minor importance. I hope to see the GCC continued, not only for the good of the boys and their parents, but for the good of the country as a whole. May the “Nine Wise Men” miss this in their “unconstitutional” rambles.—Clifford [leaner.
Editor’s Note: The arguments presented by Mr. Bauer certainly seem rational. After all, do not most of us agree that the so-called CCC has been one of the most effective parts of the New Deal program? ^
White Feather?
Has the United States shown the white feather ? She certainly has, is the cry of many as they point to the warning issued by Cordell Hull, secretary of state, to the American citizens living in Spain. August 3, he warned them to leave the country immediately or suffer the consequences of the civil war since the United States could not hold itself responsible for their safety if they remained. But is that showing the white feather ? No, indeed,. To the contrary, that was the most commendable bit of action emanating from Washington for quite some time. It was a true expression pf true American senti-ment-^the maintenance of peace and the avoidance of entangling foreign relations. It was nothing more than the adherence to those simple maxims, “A stitch in time saves nine” and “Look before you leap.” It is to be noted with regret, however, that the warning did not seem to strike home. Already six weeks have elapsed and one-third of those citizens, 600 persons, still pursue their own way and interests in warshattered Spain. In spite of the warning, they seem to be trusting the United States blindly for their protection. Let them take the consequences then, many may
exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATF DIGEST
Meadl>er of National CoUege Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association ExclnsiTely B^resented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, Now Yoric City
Entered as second class matter at l:he post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF litor-in-Chief — ...W. T. Hunt (Hanwing Editor... .....E. H. Morris clMe IMtors K. A. Barnette. J. B. Brock, A.' H. Forster, E. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler ^
f V " ' ^
BportHMItor......... , Associate l^porte. Editors..
SPORTS STAFF
..;..,.L. D. Wood
...W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths,
E. F. Obenchaiii
& 5;',
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager... ._............R. J. Hulse WatfenaJ Advertising Manager.; _..L, H. Brown Local Advertising Manager; .....P. C, Miller CireidaUloh Manager... .j. p. Girard
Editor.. V'. Advertislns
K',^ Advertising Manager...;.; Betty Barnett
Asfoelate Editors.,-...:.;— J^nne^nousek, Doris/ McCartney, i I V Elisabeth Pyke
WOMEN’S STAFF
- ..Helen jCreech
...Betty Barnett
say. But it’s not as simple as all that. Although the United States has iSSubd the w^mingt just let one or twb ef those “braye” citizens themselyes killed. Thek w^hat yirotild happen? C Up would spring that frequent ally and forerunner of trouble and war—national honor. It would assert itself. It would arouse many of those hot-headed citizens living in the United States unconcealed fury. What is the next step ? First would come a great outcry and a fiery protest and then the possible fatal plunge into a horrible foreign war in which the interests of the United States are not even slightly involved. All this might transpire just for the defense of a few stubborn, self-centered individuals who call themselves citizens of the United States. Whether they deserve defense or not—^that would probably matter little. ' The only solution seems to be to hope that they dodge all bullets and that something arouSes theit regard for homeland enough to co-operate as real citizens.—^Daily mini.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility jot the opinions vpieed in this column. Such opinloni are solely those oj the writer.
Old King Confusion
“Confusion reigned” is a phrase in popular use by many would-be novelists. It is really surprising to discover how many times this phrase can be applied to our everyday lives. At this point, for example, you are confused as to what I am trying to say, while I am confused as to how to say just what I mean. Particularly is there confusion in popular understanding of the various kinds of government proposed, or in existence. Perhaps only one person in a hundred can accurately define socialism, and probably only one in a thousand knows what anarchy is. Do you? As an example, let me cite pacifism. True pacifism, which merely means opposition to war and its attendant ills, is an ideal to which every right-thinking American should aspire. But it so happens that many of the most outspoken pacifists are socialists and communists, primarily because they also do not believe in war as a means of settling international disputes. Consequently, the pacifist movement has been confused with socialism, and has borne many needless insults and suffered many unnecessary set-backs. I am a pacifist. I am not a socialist. I do not believe that I need be in order to be a true pacifist. But, due to Old King Confusion, I am immediately classed by many people with the “reds”. Only education can change the popular viewpoint on this subject, and therefore it is to the education of the future that I look for vindication.
The WSGA And Dating
One of the biggest problems confronting freshman and transfer women—and men, for that matter, is that of securing dates. Especially since sorority rush rules this year have prohibited Greek assistance in finding dates for the first few mixers, the problem seemed difficult, to say the least. But W. S. G. A., that Organization which has been much maligned for its various unpopular maneuvers, came through in this crucial moment and opened a date bureau. P. I. A. tried the same thing on , a small scale last year, but this is the first attempt, at least in recent years, to do the thing thoroughly. Whether the system is properly set up only time will tell; but even if the plan might not be all that could be desired, it is at least a first step and thus deserves commendation. The major obstacle that we can see confronting any dating bureau, so-called, is the feeling of shame or embarrassment that many students naturally have when they go to request a date. Many girls may avoid patronizing the bureau because they feel they will be lowering themselves to do so. They may not want to let any other co-eds know that they cannot secure dates themselves,, primarily because this is laid ordinarily to unattractiveness. The eds feel the same way—these facts conspiring to darken the outlook considerably. Perhaps the way to overconae this is through a pledge of absolute secrecy, or, possibly, through several years of existence, thei bureau might become so commonplace that no fears at all would be attached to its use. In the face of all odds, howeyer great, the idea should be kept alive, because it fulfills one of the most noticeable needs bn the campus.—W. T. H,
I am in favor of such a reconstruction of the curriculum that the American people will be compelled to talk at the dinner table with their children about taxes and legislators and tax reduction associations.—C. H. Judd.\
Taxation can become so oppressive that it defeats the very purpose for yrhich it was levied. It is passed back to the very people that it was designed to help, —Alfred E. Smith.
A civilization is now in the making in which industry will hot only be one of the greatest factors but a vital social force as well.—Prances Perkihs.
We always make the mistake of thinking man a rational, intellectual animal.—Clarence Darrow.
A lot of people who live by their wits believe in doing things by halves.-—Anonymous.
Establish student $ELF-governineiit.
B.
4>.
oriary fBes. Eiimuiate physical punishment by honors ary and social groups. r ^ Eliminate all campus politics.
Nbw editor-new deaf., .no campus.politibs—hb nnneebs^aty bfintnizations—'HO probation week .. . no puns—no verses ... THETA MASTERS has started this new pin grab bing year by grabbing the flashy pin of SAE HARTMAN ... who will be the first to rusk titian haired TH]E TA BEEMER now that she nalong er possesses a SIG NU serpent. . WRH is again in the limelight. it is ruipored that little WRH DOT MILLER is being gazed upon very approvingly—WES DWIGHT says “yes,” and after his Friday night date he should know ... BOB RElD, Union Vice-presxy, isn’t losing time now that PETE LIGHT has quit wearing the gravy bowl of Phi Kappa Psi . . . The Sigrs hav^ a new chaperone for future dances—Mr. and Mrs, DAVE DOOLEY . . . is TREVA BERRY as pretty as that WRH rogues gallery picture wants us to believe—diet’s hope so . . . UNION PREXY SHOEMAKER is gay again for his THETA has returned from abroad . . . you might ask this same SHOEMAKER where that beautiful new Swiss wrist watch came from ... PARKER WYNN and BARBARA COOK, also of WRH fame are reputedly very fine—WYNN is very particular so consider yourself very lucky if you get a date with her boys . , . DAVE WILLIAMS has bowed to cupid, or whatever pin pushing can be called, and planked it on the one and Only THETA DAUGHERTY, the last years’ B AND B main issue—^it happened this summer . . . there has been no mention of the one and only EASTBURN but it Is rumored that she is hiding a Phi Gam pin—can this be true ????? ?
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
= ARC =
Doable Feature ALWAYS ISC
Last Times Today MAE WEST
“KLONDIKE ANNIE” and EDWARD ARNOLD
“President Vanishes”
WED. ONLY “Peck’s Bad Boy’ “Cattle Thief ”
15c Doable Feature 15C
T'qesd&y> Sebtembbr IS, i93^
LUNA
Today - Wednesday
BEARIT
■M
Fbllbti^ “Grin and Bear It” daily in the Exponent.
“Maybe We better call for a steak knife.”
MARS
Today - Wednesday
America’s Girl Friend—
Your jMew Heart-Throb— iMramBiiiiii
LIONEL BARRYMORE
FRANCHOTTONE MELVYN DOUGLAS JAMES STEWARTI
FAMILY
Today - Wednesday
DOUBLE FEATURE
' with * MADELEINE CARROLL GEORGE BRENT
WELCOME STUDENTS
TO
PURDUE
AMD DECKER'S BOOK STORE
Come over and let’s get acquainted——Lookers are always welcome.
YELLOW REAM PAPER 8I4x1I“~500 Sheets 35c-—2 for 60c
EYE-EASE RING BOOK SHEETS 15c Pkg.
RING BOOKS 65c Up
FIBRE LAUNDRY CASES $2.50
DESKS—TABIJES CHAIRS—FILES
stuOy lamps 98 c Up
Approved Drawing Instruments and AU Drawing Supplies at REAL SAVINGS
SPALDING TENNIS RACKETS 25% Off Regul^ Prices
PARKER SHEAFFER EVERSHARP Fountain Pens and Pencils
“SHOP AT DECKER’S AND SfAVE”
’S
518-20 Main Str^t
Phone 6477
' -'i- ' tv'''.‘/ H /.'.'‘V.' '•„’"?¥ .■|<'\7H''.
/
s»
j^
\
Tuesday/^^eptemW 45,1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lithty
Follow “Grin and Bear It” daily in the Exponent.
Aetimties! What
[re And Why
The^Ai
- Freshmen entering the University for the first tihie are frequently puzzled how to react to oft repeated advice of faculty members and upperclassmen to “get into activities”. The school is large; tts extra-cur-ricular activities must perforce be sufficiently extensive to meet the varying interests of its students and as a result are often complex and not entirely understandable to the uninitiated. With this in mind the Exponent ventures to offer a brief summary of leading campus activities. Student Managers Freshmen and sophomores interested in becoming student managers of athletic teams have the opportunity of working with and aiding athletes in their particular field as assistants with the prospect of advancement to managerial posts at the end of the sophomorg year as a reward for hard and capable work. A call for workers will bd issued A the Exponent later.
‘Let’s give him the bumps—^the bumps—the bumps
Registration Recollections
Bravely clutching our own conception of an ideal schedtile, we advance to the Armory, hoping, but knowing in our hearts that we just haven’t got a chance. Cajoled old Harvey Cline into letting us in. Wouldn’t seem like a good old Purdue registration w^out “Harve”
there.
New paragraph. By this time we hade gotten down the line to the assignment desk. No permit to register. Trip to dean’s office, registrar’s office and back to Armory. Get assignments, schedule cards and class schedule booklet.
Armed with fountain pen and high ambitions, we are out into the registration whirlpool.
Closed Section Blues
Nother new paragraph. Heck, there goes our free morning. But I don’t want Old Sourpuss, whyinhell can’t I get Gus Dremyeye^. Oh, his section’s closed. Yeah, too bad, Wait a minute, you can’t give me Saturday classes, I go home every week-end. Huh, we didn’t think it would work. Hey, what’s that next booth. Oh, yes, a little item of umpteen dollars and thoity cents. Phew, let's get out qf here while we’re still in one piece. Another five minutes and we’d be melted.
“MILITARY LEFT.
Yearbook Every college has a yearbook; Purdue is no exception. Incoming men desiring to do so may serve on the Debris staff but must wait until their sophomore year to do so. A call will be issued for workers with the prospect for advancement to
positidns as junior and later senior editors and business managers for the deserving^ The Student Union, an organization designed “to advance the social and cultural opportunities of the Purdue student,” has charge of making arrangements for dances, receptions and other social events connected with the University, particularly with the Memorial Union Building. Freshmen and sophomores interested in aiding in this work may sign up during the first weeks of school in the Union office—^the reward for competence and effort, a position on the governing board of the organization, eventually, president of the Student Union. The Exponent is the campus newspaper, published five days a week by a student staff divided into business and editorial. Freshmen interested in receiving training in practical
journalism sign up, have two years in which to demonstrate their ability after which the more deserving are given jobs of authority. A call for workers will be issued in the Exponent later. Other campus publications. Student Senate, W. S. G. A., Radio— WBAA, P. I. A., Playshop, musical organizations are additional active interesting fields of conquest for the freshman who desires to make the most of his college education. Galls for men will be issued at suitable times during the year.
Wiseonjstn’s Radio School Reopens
“Book I’amin'” will be replaced by “radio I’amin' ” in some Wisconsin localities this fall when the Wiscdnsin College of the Air begins classes. These classes are not conducted in schoolrooms, but in the studios of two state-owned- radio stations. Offered primarily for the benefit of young people who cannot afford to go to college, the courses are conducted absolutely free, including the administration of examinations and the issuing of Certificates.
Ten edtnsee eaeit wede witi be giiienorerapeii«dl<xf39#«!t», Tbe cottrses eever » wide vaiie^ td eab> jects, of which « few are; Agrieoif' tore—^Then and Kow; Firaeticd Economics; The Story of Man; Ap-^ plied Psychology; The Language of Mnsic. In past years, many high schools have used these broadcasts to angment thdir regular class work.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
This 4 Drawer Steel Letter
n
FILING CABINET Olive Green . . . Extra Quality
Price This Week Only Delivered to Your Rcunn
$«iE50
15
Students:.
We have a complete service txSr^the caring, repairing, cleaning and rebuilding of all your shoes and hats.
SWANK SHOE REBUILDER AND HATTER 512 Main St. Opposite Lahr House
250 FLEXIBLE
DESK LAMPS
BROWN OR GREEN WHILE THEY LA5T
HAYWOOD’S 5th & Ferry Lafayette
I',’-
... nobody ever made a good cigarette without it
Mild... Chesterfield tobacco is mild ... not strong, not harsh, not bitter . . . but pleasing to the taste. Ripe.. • Chesterfield tobacco, is ripe . . . ripe like a big juicy apple hanging on the tree... full of good flavor.
The mild ripe Turkish tobacco used for Chester^ field Cigarettes adds a pleasing aroma and taste.
.. '£{
'Mf
-'
Mild Ripe Tobacco .. that’s what makes Chesterfields milder and better tasting Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
14CKUAV 4c Mmft ToiMcm
' A'vwni. u inMim^JpUiL
V i
"|fev' ' ' '
1
■ '.■ ' <■’=■ ■',' , A,-'A ■“f 'fti' , , ' I ‘ i‘ "ni.' M ',v‘. ,i '%!<■:
-K'^"''
fJiV iH 'i.
,K'. .
II/’
!'> 9>’ i' f
t *
' k ]'
^ '■ . .ji
' - 'V j; "AS ’^'?i
•S'-
tlTlje ^urbuE
VOLUME XLVIII
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
l^u^ber 2,
Coach Biirnham^ives Frosh Skull Session
Future Boilermaker Gridders Get First Lessons In Stanley Coulter Hall
Prospects for the continuance of great Boilermaker elevens for the next few years gathered last night in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall for the first skull session under the tutelage of Freshman Coach Burnham. The candidates, 132 of them, were very enthusiastic over their chances of victory in the ; :
contest with the varsity team
on Saturday and Coach Burn-= ham has no doubt whatever that his freshmen will give the varsity a battle comparable to that of the coming games with other Big Ten elevens.
Strong Team Spirit Averaging about one hundred eighty pounds in weight and with an array of past successes in previous institutions, these men are rapidly whipping into shape a synchronous teamwork and a strong team spirit.
FROSH FOOTBALL TRYOUTS
Men desiring to try out for freshman football can do so at 10 and 2 o’clock today at the freshman field beside the Armory, according to a statement made by Coach Burnham last night at the freshman football meeting.
Tomorrow at ten o’clock the men will practice again in freshman field and all men interested are urged to report if they have not yet done so. Assistants to Burnham this year are Ted Fehring, Leon Dailey, and Sammy Voinoff.
Wanted! Frosh Managers; Report To IM Department
Requests have been made by the intramural departnient for freshmen to try out for the position of intramural manager. The freshn^en are urged to report to J. H. Banker, intramural manager, next lM[onday at 4 o’clock to receive instruction and sign up. The freshmen will assist in conducting tke intramural sports program, and will be expected to report to the office every week-day afternoon during the semester at 4 o’clock. Selections At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager will be selected from this group. One of these assistant managers will be elected intrampral manager at the end of his sophomore year, the service terminating at the end of his jdnior year. The selection of managers is made by Mr. M. L. Clevett, Miss Mary Leadbetter, and the intramural manager and is purely on the basis of merit. The awards for this work are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago, an intramural sweater to the assistants at the end of the freshman year, a “P” sweater to the manager in his junior year and a coupon book.
*4
Deur Mommy
99
—By the Roving Bppprter— An Exponent worker walked up to the Union desk yesterday, and asked nonchalantly for the key to the Exponent box. Receiving the key and opening the box, he gazed happily at the pile of copy therein. Several postcards caught his eye. “That’s a funny way to turn in copy. Afe they potices? Let’s see.” He pich«4 one up and read. “Dear l^qmmy and Dadtjy, I am having a en^pll time- I register Wednesday, I am a little hqmesick, though. Lpye» Vopr Jimmie.” The idea did not pepetEate* Sfe yead the eard again. At last it hit. Mommy's little boy Jbad miataken the Exponent box for a mail box. Eo had three other freshmen. Wowl
Badgers Have Smallest Squad
In Big Ten
Few Accidents Mar Practice Sessions
Madison, Wis., Sept. 14.—Coach Harry Stuhldreher and his three assistants put a squad of 46 prospective Wisconsin varsity football players through two snappy drills to open the Badgers’ 1936 season. Coach Stuhldreher has the smallest squad, numerically, in the Big Ten and the smallest to turn out for an opening day at Wisconsin in ten years. Apparently, the chief reasons for the coaches’ smiles was the enthusiasm and exceptional physical condition of the squad. With but one or two exceptions, all the players reported in splendid shape. Big Bob Grinde, junior tackle candidate who weighed 275 pounds a year ago, weighed in at 226 today. Ed Christianson, veteran tackle, was one of the few overweight veterans but he dropped ten pounds in the forenoon session and is expected to be in condition before the opening game. The one dismal note of the day was an accident to John Budde, major “W” candidate for an end post, who fell in going after a high pass and sustained a wrenched knee that may put him out for the season. Coach Stuhldreher was philosophical about the matter, however, his chief concern apparently being over' the disappointment Budde will suffer if unable to play this year. The two-ft-day practice schedule will be continued until University classes start, Sept. 23. All practice sessions are closed except to newspaper men.
Advice To Rhinies! Observe Traditions
Freshmen will probably hear a lot about Purdue traditions in the next few weeks; they have already read some of them in their freshman “bible”. However, a reminder of some traditions which it especially behooves freshmen to observe, would not be out of order. Freshmen are expected to wear pots at all times on the campus. Fraternities will insist that their freshmen do so, but while there is as yet no means of compelling non-frater-nity frosh tp comply, they are advised to do so. Frosh ^re to be discouraged from buying corduroy trousers. While they are servicable for hard wear, they will not prove so on this campus. More than one person in previous years has sneaked back to his rooming place in his undei'wear shorts for violating the tradition of senior cords. Only seniors at Purdue are permitted to wear them. Frosh will notice that unless a person is entering Heavilon Hall, he does not walk under the tower. It may be a little farther to go around, but it is done, and non-conformism is discouraged. These are the traditions most likely to be violated by the frosh. A glance at the “bible” and frequent reipiiiders from noticinjgr upperclassmen, will put the rhinie on the right track with ve^^rd to others.
SUBSCRIBE TO THI PURPUi EXPONENT NOW I
Paul “Pat” Malaska, Boilermaker basketball and baseball star and candidate for this fall’s gridiron eleven, is confined to the St- Elizabeth’s hospital with serious burns on his legs as a result of the explosion Saturday afternoon. Malaska was chosen guard on the AllState net squad last winter and batted at a .310 clip with the Purdue baseball nine last spring.
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS NATION^ LEAGUE W. L. Pet. New York 85 56 .603 St. Louis 81 61 .570 Chicagro. 80 63 .559 Pittsburgh , 77 66 .528 Cincinnati 71 71 ,500 Boston 64 76 .457 Brooklyn. 60 81 .426 Philadelphia 49 93 .345 AMERICAN LEAGUE W. L. Pet. New York 97 48 .669 Chicago 77 64 .54S Cleveland 76 68 .528 Washington 75 67 .528 Detroit 75 68 .524 Boston. 72 72 .500 St. Louis 61 90 .362 Philadelphia 49 95 .340 YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Cincinnati, 6; Boston, 0. Brooklyn, 2; Chicago, 1. New York, 7; St. Louis, 5. Philadelphia, 4-5; Pittsburgh, 11-6.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Chicago, 5; Washington, 4. St. Louis, 7-1; New York, 10-13. Detroit, 1; Boston, 0. Cleveland, 5-5; Philadelphia, 2-4.
TODAY’S GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Chicago at Boston. Cincinnati at Brooklyn. Pittsburgh at New York. St. Louis at Philadelphia.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
New York at Chicago. Washington at St. Louis. Philadelphia at Detroit. Boston at Cleveland.
Public Will Witness
Footbftll FUm Today
A football film edited by Dana Bible, football coach at Nebraska University, will be presented this evening at Eliza Fowler Hall, starting at 9 o’clock. The film will illustrate thp four fundamentals of the game, kicking, running, passing and blocking. In order to show how each department is performed, parts of the filni will be carried out in slow motion. In addition, shots from real games will be shown including several scenes from the Rose Bowl games.
Previous Showings The film has been very favoraltly received in previous showings and should prove very interesting. T^te picture is open to the general public nnd no admission will be charged. The film will be presented through the cooperation of the Athletic Department and the Victor Animatograph Corp.
Professor Hadley Speaks At Service
Prof. Lawrence Hadley was the speaker at the Y. W. C. A. vesper services Sunday at 3:30 in the fac^ ulty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Approximately 76 people heard the talk which concerned “]Vfe^it^fit)pe AJ^nessed to
New Purdue Girl.”
Prayer /and benediction were by Patreia Jones, president of the Y, W. C. A. group. Mildregpl Rhodes played several piano selections dur-
ing the services^
the
led
ielder’s.... ....choice
■By Bob Walpole*
Again tragedy hits the Boilermaker campus, and again it is one of our well-known athletes. The loss of CarLDahlbeck is a great one and we believe that we can speak for this entire staff in sending our deepest sympathy to Carl’s family. —fc— We don’t feel as if we had better say any more about our grid team, except we send best wishes for the quick recovery of the other fellows that were burned in the accident.
-fc—
From the Phi Delt house comes the news that last year’s varsity halfback, Tony Wright, was married early this mo”th. The bridge, Miss Alcie Hunt, a former co-ed. . September 6th was the date and the couple is now living in Columbus. —^fc— Ed Skoronski, 1935 football captain, is again playing ball with the Pittsburgh Pirates, national professional football team, and reports indicate that he is doing O. K. —^fc— Our friend, Mary Leadbetter, Chief Clevett’s head stooge in the intramural office, is in need of a few of our new arrivals ... we mean for intramural tryouts, of course. The first meeting of these lads is at 4 o’clock on Monday, Keep it in mind, you new men, and when you drop in to inquire, give Mary our regards and watch her burn. . . . —^fc— It won’t be long until the ward and fraternity events will be in full swing . . . this fall there are a number of athletic activities including touchball and playground ball . . .
Mictil^aii Pins Hopes On 55 Gridmen
Coach Kipke Heads Boys Up Rocky Comeback Trail
Ann Arbor, Mich., Sept. 14.— Headed down the rough and rocky comeback, trail. Coach Harry Kipke and 55 gridifon hopefuls this week began the campaign which they hope will restore the Wolverines to thp ^p flight in the Big Ten after two bard seasons around the Conference cellar door.
Eighteen lettermen were on hand as the twice-daily practice routine which -will continue until classes open Sept. 28, was begun, but it was with an eye to the 26 sophomores comprising one of the most brilliant first-year classes in the school’s history that Coach Harry Kipke made his only prediction for the season, “we’ll be better, and we’ll be faster.” Captain Matt Patanelli, who for two years has been one of the MidWest’s outstanding ends on a losing team, leads the returning lettermen. With the swarm of sophomore talent, Captain Matt appears to be the only 1935 varsity man who may be sure of a first team birth. Outstanding among the backs to date is Bob Cooper, Michigan’s first real triple-threat candidate in three years, who is making a bid at quarterback but who may be shifted to any other backfield post. Winner of the Chicago Alumni Trophy in 1934, Cooper was injured in early-season practice last year and saw no varsity experience. “With the intention of achieving a squad at its best physical and men-
Giants Down Cardinals, 7’‘5
Increase Lead To 4^4 Games; Hubbell MTins 14th Straight
New York fans were practically assured of a nickle series yesterday when Carl Hubbell pitched the Giants to ^ 7 to 6 victory over the “Gas House Gang” at New Vork. Hubbell pitched the last five inpip^^ and received credit for his fourteenth straight win and his twentyfourth victory of the season. This victory put the Giants four and one-half games ahead of the Cards and made it "practically jptpossible for the second place Capd§ to catch them, as the Giants have only 13 games to play and the Card? have only 12.
Gas House Gang This game proved to the record 24,762 New York fans that the bat-tle-scarred, patched-up Cardinal team really deserves to he called the “Gas House Gang.” With only three starting pitchers, they havp p»f^naged to stay in second position for the last month. - Yesterday, in, a fighting attempt to keep his team in the running, Manager Frankie Frisch used five Card pitchers, including the great Diz Dean, who pitched in his fourth game in three days. In the American League, the Yanks also came through with victory, defeating the Browns twice, 10 to 7 and 13 to 1.
tal peak. Coach Kipke has announced his intention to lay off heavy work until next week, with a scrimmage possibly tomorrow but more probably on Saturday.
Buy where you see this sign
an EXPONENT ADVERTISER
The merchant displaying this
sisn is known by your daily
University newspaper. His merchandise or service
has been found reliablej !«’*
■V V
l'^
'• ’^r
r^‘
, Y \ 'i\ %>'r-^'f' 'h WH
Tu^s^fty, Sept^inbgr IB, 1936
fitE PtTKPtJ®} EXPONENT
Faced with strikingly beautiful white columns of Bedford stone, the exterior of the University’s new ndministration building is nearly completed. The building, which will house offices of the president.
deans of meh and women, engineering administration, student health service and others, will be ready for occupation about January 1, 1937,
Dustf Sunburn, Water Shortage Make Life Hard For ROTC Men At Ft, Knox
Fort Knox — dust — sunburn — more dust—soldiers—all these were found by 157 of the University R. O. T. C. cadets when they alighted at Uncle Sam’s training ground for soldiers at the first of the summer camp. The first two days were spent in drawing uniforms and checking out tractors. In checking out the tractors, the cadets had difficulty with some stalling, Baun stalling his twice.
Because of the shortage of water, the tractors were washed with gasoline. The second day uniform drill was held. This was run through at least eight times, the men having to complete the change in five minutes. An extra K. P. was awarded the cadets who failed to complete these drills in the five minutes allotted them. The heat was excessive all through the camp, Luginbill even in-
quiring if he could walk guard one night in his pajamas. Abbott, Alexander and Anderson were frequently unable to make it back in time for bed-check.
Overnight Problem The overnight problem entailed the laying out of a telephone line two miles long to an advanced observation post. When this was completed, all at night, the wire was found to be dead. Captain Hayford led a party to the post and found the operator asleep. For the first time the corps was allowed to fire high explosives for one day. The highlight of the whole
r'
• • •
n
THE FASHION
//
1$ in Full Swing
It’s full of ppnT|{^|e|:p sfqplcs of new “allowaupepriced” faqjiiop^, . . . tl|p “Swing” . . . the Prineess ... the Plaid ... the Camel Hair . . . to mention only a few, with a staff of salesladies to speak with the “voice of experience.”
Class and Cafiipus
Sweaters, Blouses, Skirt^,
Dresses, Plaid Wool Dresses^ Kni|fed plot|jp^,
Camel Hair Coats.
Week E^ds
Princpss Dresses, Velveteen Dresses, three-piece
Costume Suits, Gray or Bl^ck Persian Princess
Coats, “Swing” Evening Dresses.
Pootball Games
Three-piece Suits with Wolf or Raccoon Tweed Coats, Fur Coats, l^ustratone Coats, Tea Dance Dresses, Pripcess All-In-One.
Wpyjil hplp yffu in selcsfsficinf t|v»f k^fip ff» thf limit yflUf NilsPt
A STORE OF YOUTHFUL MODES.
Rain Stops Drought But It’s Still Hot
The University campus, along with the major part of Indiana, has been subjected to unusual weather conditions this summer. The green
appearance of the Campus at this
season of the year is a proof of this. This section of the country “enjoys” a dry spell every summer. Usually this spell comes in August and the early part of September. This yeiyp^i
it came early.
However, the drought seemed to have passed. During August, usually the dryest month, over four inches of rain fell, turning the grass green again, and so far in Septemjber it looks as if there will be even more precipitation.
“Prance isp't what it's masked up to be. The womezi are okeh after a fashion but give me good old American gals,” d^l^re^ Ted Sigmund, formm* Purdue student visiting here pn fUrolug^. Sigmund attepded the University during the yoev 1934-36 as a
man.
He did not return last year. He entered the United States Naval Academy at Anpapolis. He is now on leave after lengthy
camp was the demonstration of the mechanized cavalry. A new 75 milimeter pack howitzer was demonstrated to the cadets. The cadets appeared in leather leggings instead of canvas for the first time and also wore boots, with the proper how knot at the top, for inspection. They were forced to take baths by the whistle, toot—^water on—^toot— water off, soap all over—toot— water on, rinse off—^toot—water oft. Ten of the cadets were seniors. They received their commissions at the close of camp.
DOUBLE Special Name Stationery
for September Only
DOUBLE CHECK
PRINTED STATIONERY PoHble thf r^Qiflar fpiigiifity!
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
100 pOUBLE SHEETS 109 iNVELOPES
$
V
P^nHng on ipd Eqveiopes in smart new lettering styles. Blue, Green, Brown or Violet Ink.
V
Fine quality paper in pastel shades of Blue, Ivory, Green or Orchid Double Check.
Quality! Quality!
An outstanding printed stationery value for Sepfomher Only! Stock up now for fpfuro use and for gifts!
HAYWOOD^S
RETAIL DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
FRESHMAN’S POTS 39c Raincoats $2.98 and $3.98
Suede Jacket
(Just the Thing for Class Rooms)
$4.98
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
Sweaters $1.98
All Wool
224 MAIN STREET
Sigmund Here After Navy Jaunt
cruisco hi ftnr^gn tmtcrs iMd ststituier.
like to live in Sweden,” Ted continued. **11*9 « vety eleAit eohiiK try and the food is swell. Ten of m midshipmen were treated to a royhl feast one night. The hostess gave us 16 separate horS de^ouvers before the main course arrived.” “Put the 'States' sure looked good to me when I returned,” he concluded. ^ Sigmund is a member of Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity. He worked on the Exponent while attending the University. He was also a member of Skull ap4: Crescent.
Students Notice!
We extend to you a cordial invitation to visit our store
TUES, EVE. SEPT. ISth 7—9 P. M.
FOR FALL OPENING
Gifts Books
Athletic Goods
Office Equipment
Stationery Lamps
Greeting Cards
Royal Typewriters
A. B. Dick Mimeographs R. C. Allen Adding Machines
DECKER’S
SI 8-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
STUDENT
NEEDS
Study Lamps 79‘
Flexible arm and adjustable shade make these ideal for "home work." Cord included at this special price.
BRIGHT NEW PAPER
Parchment Shades
25
Don't let old shades spoil the appearance of yeqr lamps! Thefe beautifui shadm will bring out a|l their good points, and add oporkling new life. 12", 16", and 18" sixes.
Alarm
Clocks
^laOO
Alarm Clocks with one year spMHh antee. Rose, Black, Blue, Q«eso ant Ivory colots*
KR E S C EIS 2 s < /^o $ I store:
Conwr of TliM mNl CotiimliiD
11
1} ^
( r
>\
V|i
I, \
A '‘SS
,? ' f':' t m ' "‘ ^ ‘ ■ ’■ r';«' :• ’ '' ^ I’ /-'""V'’"
THE t»tritDEE EXPONENT
Tuesday, September 15,JL936
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By ‘-ichy “Cany Likes it
99
Follow “Grin and Bear It” daily in the Exponent.
Ik%
What’s this tree doing up here, Noggins ? Don’t you know we’re above the timber line ?”
Want Publicity?
point to submit their pledging lists before next Sunday.
All organizations wishing publicity in the Exponent must submit their copy to the Exponent office at Fifth and Ferry in Lafayette at 6 o’clock the day preceding publication, or drop it in the box at the Union desk at 4 o’clock the day preceding. Notices of all kinds must either be turned or phoned in by 8 o’clock the night before publication. No exceptions will be made to this rule. .
All fraternities should make it a
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUT< A. RISK DR. HAROID J. risk DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz ^Idg. Phone 5701
ICE CREAM SOCIAL
435 STATE ST. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15th
7HI0 P. M. Students Welcome
Sponsored by Choir of First M. E. Church
“Well, here I go” was what the freshman girl thought Saturday night as “Carry” stepped into the busy W. S. G. A. office, where dates were being arranjged. Gomihg to school and taking orientation exams had been new experiences to her. She might^just as well add a new adventure; so she signed up for an escort at the date bureau. Since the date bureau is open all day until classes begin on Thursday, any girl or boy can walk in and sign up. After school begins, the dating bureau will be open between 4 and 6 o’clock in the afternoon.
In addition to signing her name, “Carry” tells her height.. and gives her address and telephone number. On the card she gives the date of the month, on which she wants an escort.
Near the end of the week a, man, who has signed up in the same way, is informed that he has a date with “Carry”; so he telephones to her about the time that he will call for her.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines.
C, F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Pkone 2'?79.- ■ V-'
Wanted —Girl Musicians — For mixed campus orchestra. Call Schilling, 6067.
Wanted—Two upperclassmen to share co-op apartment. Apply 143 So. Grant.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting September 16 at 7:16 p. m. in Peasant room of the Union. —HARDIN.
Y. W. C. A.—Cabinet members meet September 15 at 8 p. m. in Y. W. C. A. office. —JONES.
Now is the time
for all Freshmen
to
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
Alpha PM Oih«<^a---.MewtihZ i ih room l ot the Union Serteiuber 16, ap 7 :8tl p. in. All ,members please be present/ ‘ , ■ —kuECk,.'-'..
Drawing Studenta-^udents who took drawing last semester call at room 202 of tike Michael Golden'.Shops for drawings. . ' --RISING.
Pi I. A.—Social committee meet Septethber 16 at 1:80 p. m. in P. I. A. office. —SOHLUNDT,
Freshman Campers—Found at Olose of frewman .camp: 1 razor, 1 Coinb, .1 pair shorts, 1 pajama top. Losers call Prof: G. H. Graves, of the methematics depstinieiit. ■ . —gra-ves.' '
Equal Quality at Lower Prices
Form B Paper, 50 sheets..15 c Flexible Binders.... 20c Purdue Seal Stationery 24 sheets 24 envelopes .......20c Spiral Composition Books .......10c
Typewriter Ribbon, all makes.
Typewriter Paper, 85 sheets ...........lOc
Carbon Paper, 12 sheets .................lOc
Index Cards, 4x6, per pack.:..... ..10c We also have glue, rubber bands, paper fasteners, scratch pads, pencils, ink, erasers, etc.
North Side of Square
Jknfe
ON USED
TEXT BOOK$
. . . . . LARGEST USED COLLEGE TEXT BOOK STOCK IH THE WEST
YES, SIR! Southworfh's will cut your school costs this year^—Here's why: First, we had an unusually successful summer buying trip and picked up thousands of used text books at low’ prices... from Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Ohio and 200 other uniyefsities where they are not in use this year . . . but they ARE in use here at Purdue. All are in fine condition and ready to be snapped up at the lowest prices in years. So buy here and SAVE!
DIETZGEN DRAWING INSTRUMENTS K &E SLIDE RULES " DRAWING BOARDS T SQUARES
All our Drawing Instruments and Supplies are on the Approved List.. WPPfmin
t'':
=-^,1 rfr ’ '’''’'Y' *ra6fedfty, geptmbei’ 1S» 1986 ,
THE EUHDtJE Exponent
i"
Peify Thieving Couple Given Birty Beal fa Poof Familien Seeking Aid
i
tndiahapolia, $ept. 14. — A nevir schenie (>f p^tty thi^VSty tMt : lies the perpetrators, a, man and a •wpmdnj to the title of the "world’s ineanest conple” was disclosed here today, in a letter received by the stat^ dephrtnitdd; Of ^p w^fare fipin in Indiana cpuhty weli^e di> ; ii?he letter Contained the following cbtihty visitor’s teport, "A visit "was ihade j^esterday to ah applicant foit old age assistapce in a rural town ‘ ifi the county ahd dnting the ihter;\Mew, Appiicaht stated hie had rer cfehtly been called On by tvm persons vii^ho represented theniselves as be*^; ihg from the State Welfare DepartihOht. Applicant said a man ahd a ■^oman drove up in, front of the home and that the man remained in the car while the woman edme into bis yard with a “legal looking book”
and called himby nome.
"She then went on to ekplain that She had been Sent out by the state departtnent to coljecb ;a fe from those applying for assistance to take Care of the expense /of mailing checks to recipients after assistance had been granted. She stated that the fee was three dollars and that payment would have to be made befqre assistance could be granted. “Applicant stated that he had sold some honey the week before and had also mowed two yards and had three dollars and sOme odd cents altogether. "fhe woman was very nice and told applicant that she would personally look after his case and see that his application was immediately taken care of. Applicant paid woman three dollars; She wrote receipt in ’legal looking book' but did not
give applicant copy.
“Applicant states that he would not have paid her the money if he had taken time to think things over, but that he had been anxiously awaiting visitor since making application for assistance and woman’s story seemed plausible at time.”
The thinking: fellow calls A YELLOW VJ8 FORD TAXI CAB I.Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passengrer any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 ' YELLOW CAB CO.
Farm Meeting Here Sept. 22 J^amage Will BetWit^alToirie^^
Sevetal hundred northwestern Indiana farmers from Tippecanoe and neighboring counties are expected to attend a Coib and Soy Bean Field Day meeting at the Purdue University Soils and Crops Farm, located just east of Lafayette on State Road 26> Fridayj Sept. 22, which starts at 9 o’clock and continues throughout the day, when the results of experimental w:ork covering all phases of corn and soy bean production will be explained by University specialists. Multitudes of questions about drouth damaged corn and on the advisability of saving seed from such corn have been forwarded to Purdue agronomy specialists this fall. The whole subject of seed corn selection and storage will be given special consideration durihg the afternoon program. The specialists report an extremely small carryover of old com fit for seed as a result of the unprecedented cold winter of 1935-36. Therefore, the agronomy specialists are urging Indiana farmers to make the best possible use of this year’s corn crop for seed purposes, preventing a disaster to next year’s corn crop. As rapidly as visitors arrive in the morning they will be taken in groups to see the experimental work dealing with rate, distance, and time of planting corn and a comparison will be made of the open pollenatcd varieties, with special reference to corn borer control. The results of Purdue’s botany department specialists were obtained from experiment-
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
Newshawk Knows; Frosh Identified
; ScbhC: S^et bar stop Iti firdiit of Wimpy’s hamburger stand, speaker: Nondescript rtewshawker of approximately eleven. “Hey, you in the brown shirt, you’re not a fresh freshman, are you?” Mr; “You in the brown shirt” gave a he^tive answer and asked the urchin his reason for curiosity. “Aw,” Came* the answer, “you don’t look like one, but them .two plugs with ya sdre got all the earmarks.” Words of wisdom from the mouth of a newsboy. For strange as it seems this little fellow was right. Definitely, freshman CAN be told from older students. Clothes Very often give away the secret. Who could miss the rhinie who insists oh wearing weird com-
al and commercial hybrids, including inbred phrents from which these hybrids are produced for the market. Included in the tour Will be the varietal tests of old and new sOy bean varieties for hay and seed production. -
J.
JOHN SPEHB
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
idndHniii M f ed^ dfabka add bfii^ yellow; ConsciebHoiiS fnllowbrs tt# “Hsqiliipa” fashinni ana piendftrt. Yesj whenever you see a fellow rttttnihg around. dressed as the big brother of “Joseph Coliitch” you can mentally place a green pot on his still-empty cranium. Used to two or three minute intervals, frosh present a ludicrous spectacle as, arms full of books, pockets bulging with pencils and papers and faces wearing l)»e;?nldered expressions they hurry across the canipus to exOms or registration. Educated upperclassmen hold it a point of dignity never to be seen traveling uhder their own power at a pace faster than a cripple’s.hobble.
GET YOUR COLLEGERING
Bearing Offieud Seal
Certified $2.O0Valtie
with the purchase of a bottle of
atl5c-:^totaI40c...Y0il SAVE Sl.YV
This amazing offn is made soMy tp inlror duce Parker Qutnk—the miracle ink thatti^na your pen as It writes, and dri^ ON PAPER 31% taster than pen-clogging inks. Get Qutnk today from any store selling iiik. Tear off the box-top and on the back write-the FULL NAME of your school or college, ring SIZE, and style wanted (man’s or woman’s), ana your name and address. Mw box-top with 25 cents in coin to The Parker PenCb.,Dept.737j Janesville, Wis. Don’t delay. This offer ends Dec. 31, 1936, if supply lasts.
SEBriORS/or CORDS
see
SPARREIVDAHL
Individual measurement garments of highest quality and workmanship.
Phone 6030
507 Main
...
Of Miisic Grmtps
A diSss mbbtiiig far all stfideiits interested in joining any musical group will be held 6>inorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Albert P. Stewart^ musical director, will be in charge of the meeting, and will aiinotmce the plans for the coming year and the times for the tryouts for various ggoups;
AUtryoofesnntitlieeinnplatadl^ ’ '
5 o’clock tktttsday aftetneeiit, Ofd . ^
be present as well as new meinfM^ IVyoutS’ fdt an acooinp^^ wilt also be considered at meetiiig^ since the vacancy left X Hammond upon graduation last
June innstbe filled.
Tim glee club wfil be otgankted this week and will start pracHce aS soon as possible hi order to bt re«dfp for the convocation neat
You^re Always "^Icome at the Purdue University Airport"
You’ll probably never get another chance to learn to fly at such low rates, so why not come out today? -
REDUCED RATES $6.00 an Hour Flying Instruction $6.00 an Hour Solo Flying
CAPTAIN ARETZ, Lessee
Purdue University Airport
Genuine K & E Loj-Los, Trig, Decitrisi Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Form Paper and Loose-UatBpoks, Student Desks
We have in stock all the following approved Draivring Instruments:
Dietzgen "Federar 1047C Dietzgen "Champion'^ 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel fir Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffel fir Esser "Pharos" 686 Post "Prime" 630
Post "UniYorsIty" lO^SA U. S. Bhie—"U. S. Blue"llio
U. S. Blue—"U. S." Blue 1006 U. S. Blue~-"U. S. Blue" 626
Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inferior or unapproved
article.
,.r.
E N G R A V I N G
A Fine Leather Comer Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Pnrdiase
Boards^ T-Bqiiares, Scales, Locks, Tri^gles, Curves
on the Approved Mvt
S T A t I O N
R Y
Cpnid Ov^ Md See This Store. Our Ix)w Prices on Everything Will Surprise You.
NOTICE: this Store Is Open Nights until 9:00 P. M,/thru A«sl9hnient Period
Invite
You to Their
OPEN HOUSE Tuesday Night, ■ SepfeinherTSNrtt; '' TtoDp, m.,7'if
THB PtlEBIJf EX?0NE^f
, Tuesdajr, September'15.1936^
3r> '
<k'‘'
^ ¥
m ■m
To subscribe to the Exponent when he registered and be sure of getting the Purdue news every day.
. . . and >eon Purdue's history-making football and basketball teams.
Every student is held responsible for the notices which are o fficial as published in the. Exponent.
just $2.50 for the Whole Year—Two Semesters
Subscribe When You Register Or Any Time at
THE MEMORIAL UNION BUILDING DEAC” REISNER’S
This young man was a Purdue Freshman. Upon removing his clothing from the suit cases he found need of cipthes cleaning service. . . . . He wasa stranger in town so he inquired of oiie of
So he took his friend's advice and he has been^a Crown customer
ever since.
We Stick to
to Us
A* 'J i