-^1, / i
EDIT DfSCU$$ES Need Of Recreatrcjnaf -*5 Opportunities
Established 1881
4 More Days
Volume 56, No; 118
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 22, 1944 ■ -
judges Select Twelve Finalists For Relay Queen
Student Voting
Cotillion Ticket'
Skyrocket
Sailors Must Present Ducats
Senate Elects Officers;
Heinz Wins Presidency
To Obtain Friiday Night Passes
Tickets for the Skull and Cres-cent-sponsored Sophomore Cotillion tljis Friday are selling fast; there are roughly 800 left. According to LL Pulton, only those sailors who can jiroduce Cotillion ducats in advance will be able to obtain passes good till 1:30 Saturday morning. The tickets are on sale in cashier’s oiljce, located in the executive building and will be on sale in fi-ont of the sweet shop from 3 to 5 every afternoon this week. Coed hours will be 2 a. m. according to an announcement by the AWS judicial board, and the Navy, both V-12’s and electricians’ mates, wjll be released until 1:30 a. m. Saturday morning. Army men will not be allowed out of quarters for the affair. Coeds Must Wear Formals The end of the semester celebration will be formal for coeds, while men will wear their usual uniforms. The committee, headed by C. 0. Rob-
in a short meeting last night in the senate office on the second floor of the Union, the Student Senate elected officers for the new term. Jack Heinz was named president, and the runner-up, A1 Lindskoog, was elected vice president. Both candidates were called on for short speeches before the balloting. • Mitzi Konicek defeated Mary Ann Click for the secretarial
position by a margin of one
Intramural Boxing Tournament Finals Attract 600 Fans
Td Pick Winner
erts, requested that men should dress formally if possible. Clyde Lucas and his orchestra, who played last week at the Illinois University Prom, will provide the music. ^ After graduating from college, Lucas lerithis talents to vaudeville, and held several jobs with name bands. He and his brother, Lyn, organized a band called the “California Dons” which soon became recognized as one of the up-and-coming bands in the country. A year later the “California Dons” title was dropped and it became officially known as the “Clyde Lucas Orchestra.” The backdrop will be in keeping with the formal atmosphere which is to prevail at the Cotillion. Skull and Crescent, which started at the University in 1930, took over the sponsoiing of the Cotillion and made it one of the big formal dances of the year, complete with name band.
vote. Louis Fisher was automatically elected treasurer, since there were no other nominees for that office. Student Senate i^ the representative student body workin gin close conjunction with the executive committee of the University. Some of its best known projects are the lost and found department. Green Potters and Coed Canteen.
Navy States College Program To Continue Despite All Rumors
Fowler Hall Talks Close Brotherhood Week Observance
National Brotherhood Week on
Recent statement which was made by Vice Admiral Randall Jacobs, USN, Chief of Navy Personnel, concerning the Navy College Program, which should answer questions about the possibility of the elimination of the program or 'any part of it, was released yesterday by Ensign J. W. Millard, personnel officer. Jacobs statement is
as follows;
“The Bureau of Navy Personnel has recently received a number of inquiries cdneerning reports that
'-he campus was brought to a climax the Navy College Program may be Sunday night at a mass meeting in discontinued. All inquirers have Fowler Hall when three guest been advised that the Navy Departspeakers from Chicago presented ment has no plans to discontinue
the views of the Catholic, Protestant Program,
and Jew on the discussion topic. The U. S. Navy is still expanding. “Brothei’hood or^Jiaos.” The urgent need for technically This meeting followed a series of trained young officers continues, forums held^at the various student and the colleges and universities residences on campus at which the participating in the V-12 Program many aspects of the general “Broth- are doing a splendid job of producerhood” theme were considered and ing such officers. While changing discussed. Representatives from war-time conditions may, from time each of these groups met later and to time, necessitate revision in the prepared a general report which quotas for the Program in order to
was presented at the mass meeting by Charles Harmon, a junior engineer. The report summarized th^t, “If peace is to be found among nations the world must recognize the
conform with the needs Of the service, the Navy does not contemplate discontinuance of the Program.” In addition it is expected that all units will be brought up to quota
faults of injustice, and inequality on March 1. Another V-12 classify-
both the ecbnomic and political spheres and destroy them as soon as possible. Education is the means by which such outrages can be
averted.”
Dr. Ray Freeman Jenney, pastor of the Bryn Mawr Community church in Chicago, expressed the Pi’otestant views. Armed Forces Kill Prejudice Presenting the Catholic viewpoint, Father Edwai’d V. Cardinal of the faculty of Loyola University,
ing examination is scheduled for March 16 in anticipation of the July 1 increment.
And rews Will Talk To Sigma Xi Tonight Dr. Fi-ederick "N. Andrews, assistant professor of Animal Husbandry and associate m the Experiment Station at the University, will talk on the problems in physiology of reproduction before the University
By Paul Garber In the most hotly contested bouts seen at the University in a long time, the All-School boxing tournament finals were fought last night before an estimated crowd of 600. Six bouts were put on before the loudly cheering crowd, which were composed of Navy, Marine and civilian spectators. In the first bout of the evening. Chuck Loime met Joe Saunders, both at the 136 pound class. It was in the final rounds of the fight that Saunders caught up with Lome and with hard blows to the head stunned him, but not before Lome had hit Saunders hard lefts ^nd rights to the face. Saunders was given the decision by a very close margin. Brace Wins By Decision In the fight between Bill Brace and Ed Ruff, Brace was awarded a decision by virtue of the fact that his blows to the body, all of which landed very hard. Ruff looked the better of the two but the curious defense he affected, throwing up his hands, cost him many points. Hughes took the next bout by a decision of the referees, since Jankawitch received a very bad cut over his right eye that prevented him from continuing. The V-12 Daxiu look over during a short interval of tjme between bouts and, led by Bob Piper, gave out with some solid jive. They were followed by a demonstration of some fast boxing by Chief Specialist Niel Champagne and a novice boxer, Paul Carpenter. McMillen Winner In the two final bouts, Don McMillen defeated Morris Kaastad, and Jim McMillen and “Tootsie” Halpin fought to a draw. The fight between Kaastad and McMillen turned out to be the most interesting of the evening as from the start Kaastad rushed McMillen into the ropes, and kept up a continual barrage of wild swings to the head, one of which was powerful enough ^ fell an ox. McMillen kept out of the way and affected enough of a defense to stagger Kaastad, as a result of which he won the fight.
Jean Burnham, Betty Cantley, Jean Crane, Betty Grey, Jean Julius, Marion Krull, Marge Miller, Jane Nelson, Marilyn O’Hara, Frances Robinson, Nancy Unthank and Norma Wallner were the 12 coeds who were selected last night from a group of 31 who were entered as candidates in the contest for queen of the Purdue Relays.
Illinois Tech Awards Pres. Elliott Degree At Commencement
Preliminary judging which took place in the North Ballroom of the Union was done by three Gimlet members, Jim Richardson, Willas Vermillion, and Russell Lipes; three Reamers, Sibi Cerreto, Jim Ackerman and A1 Lindskoog; and Jack Swezey, pho-
Conferring of an honoi-ary degree tographer from^Philips’ Studio in to President E. C. Elliott of the Uni- Lafayette. versity was part of the fiftieth anni- Final selection of the queen and versary commencement program of her three attendants will be done the Illinois Institute of Technology between Friday, Mar. 10 and Wedat Chicago last night. Dr. Elliott nesday. Mar. 15, by students with delivered the principal address, and each schedule card or social recreawas awarded an honorary Doctor of tion card good for one vote and each
Science degree by the Institute. Statesmanlike Leader The citation which Dr. Linton E. Grinter, vice president of the Institure, read in connection with the confering of .the degree read: “For distinguished service as an educational administrator in the field of fundamental and applied science, and as an author, lecturer, trustee, and advisor who has devoted his entire lifetime to public service through higher education; and for btatesman-hke leadership in education during this present period of national distress.” Eleven other honorary degiees were awarded. “Right To Rights” ,
ticket purchased for the Relays good for one vote. The contestants wore formals for the preliminary judging last night, and a group picture of the 12 finalists was taken after the selection for use in the Exponent, the Debris and for use in nation-wide publicity which will accompany the Relays. Individual pictures of the 12 coeds will appear in the Exponent at the beginning of next semester.
Present 14S Degrees Spday
Addiessing the graduation class on “Right to Rights” President Elliott sisited, “The real cpntest during the next decade will be between the conseiwatives who want the world put hack where it was before the war and the conseivationists who want the world put forward where it should be becausei of the war.”
remarked that, “There has been too chapter of Sigma Xi tonight. The
Paul Steele . . vocalist featured with Clyde Lucas’ Orchestra.
From Barracks To Bach , . .
Union Music Room Reopens Today After Four Months As Flight Officer Barracks
By Marlon Donham Today, for the first time since November 1, 1943, the Music Roopi on the second floor of the Union Building will be reopened as a place in which to hear music, foregoing its career for the present at least as a barracks, Mr. L. M. Vallely, manaager of the Union, has announced. For nearly four months, the Music Room has been used as living quarters for flight officers who were in training at the University airport. Now the flight olficers have finished their training and the flight officer training program closed here, so the beds, wardiobes, and bureaus have disappeared fiom the room, along with the tempoiary gray barrier that partitioned ott' the “barracks.” Emeiging trom its days as a bariacks, the Music Room is no worse for its unusual use. The green carpet and green and maroon co\^ered chairs are still in their places for the use of those who visit and enjoy the facilities of this record room. Record I’layer Repaired The record player used in the Music Room was broken, so Mi. Abbott of the purchasing department was given the job of having it
repaired. The part needed was a fibre goal, a primary gear in the machine. Since it is a part that must be assembled from various companies which have now put their efforts into war woik, many weeks of searching and going from one plant to another did not provide the necessary part. So the Universiy purchased the materials used in the fibre gear, and had it cut in the shops in the general engineeiing department. Mr. A. J. Vellinger, a milling machine mstructoi in the machine tool laboratory, was in charge of the cutting of the geai. Because replacing damaged parts 111 the record player has entailed so many diffi6ulties, exLiemely careful use of the machine is particularly 1 eqiiested. Room Opeuetl In ’36 The Music Room was first opened in September of 1936 at the request of students that there be a room ^t aside for such a purpose. Space for the loom was provided in the new addition to the Union at that time. Recoid playing ^^equipment and the lecoid library and books about (Continued on page 4)
much slaughtei of our religion, too much exclusion and not enough cooperation, especially among our local leaders.” Dr. Fritz Bamberger, noted lecturer and educator, told about his experiences in Nazi Ger-
many.
Most groups agreed that prejudice IS being hastened to its death by the fact that in the army and navy the races and cieeds are not segregated. The representatives also reported that most groups had decided that retribution is not a sound priilfciple' on which to build the peace of the future. A diplomatic service that is really interested m the problem of building up the feeling of biotherhood between the countries and races would be a powerful weapon m the fight to disperse the hatred that exists between them.
meeting will begin at 7:30 p.m. in the Physics .building, and faculty, students, and general public are invited to attend.
■Coed Hours Co-ed hours: Friday, Feb. 25, ^:00 A.M.; Saturday, Feb. 26, 1:00 A.M.; Sunday, Feb. '27, 12:00 midnight through March 3; Saturday, March 4, 1:00 A.M.; Sunday, March 5, 11:00 P.M.— Judicial Board.
C^jiervationists Will Triumph Continuing his address the president asserted, “The contest still goes on and must go no until the wise conservationists triumph. Then it may be known who has earned the right to rights.” *The commencement last night marked the fiftieth anniversary of the opening of classes at the former Armour Institute which was merged Vith Lewis Institute in 1940. Dr. Henry T. Heald is president of the Illinois Institute of Technology which was Hereby formed.
Air Corps Will Hold
Screening Tests Here
Another war commf'ncement-will be held Sunday, Fcbriiaiy 27. at 2:3d p.m. in the Music Hall with President E. C. Elliott conferring 148 degrees. One bundled and fourteen will receive bachelois' degrees, twenty-one masters’ degrees, eleven doctors’ degrees, and two professional degrees. All candidates for degrees in February are required to attend the exercises unless they are excused individually by the President of the University. Classes for seniors will be conducted in accordance with the regular schedule through Saturday, February 26. All candidates for degrees participating in the exercises will wear academic costumes. Such costumes are available at Gullion’s, Reisner’s, Southworth’s and the University Book Store. Those candidates on the published list who are not recommended for degrees will receive dummy diplomas at the exercises. The procession will assemble at 2 p.m. on the ground floor o, fthe Executive Building. The procession will move at 2:25 p.m. and will en-. ter the Hall of Music by the main entrance through the Executive Building. The exercises will be open to the public. No tickets will be required.
Contest Supporters Fail To Claim Bonds
The Air Corps Cadet Screening Board will meet Thursday, Feb. 24, to administer screening tests to tiainees who have applied for Air Cadets. The testing will be held in the cafeteria adjoining Regimental Headquaiters in the basement of Caiy Hall at 1930.
NOTICE To Members of the Faculty: The February meeting of the Faculty will be held on Wednesday, February 23, 1944, at 4 P. M. in Room 103, Physics Building. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Above are shown several shots fi’om new telephone exchange on third floor of service and stores building. Above left is shown a portion of the elector mechanism. Above center is shown the main power board. AbiWe right, Miss Jenevieve Schweidller, chief operator, directs the new University operators at the board. Right—G- G- Wilson, in charge of installation operators, as he threw the switch which connected in the new University Exchange, last Saturday afternoon.
Several supporters of the Queen of Hearts Contest have failed to pick up their bonds which they ordered during the contest, according to the pile of unclaimed documents. These should all be called for between 3 and 5 p.m. in front of the Sweet Shop not later than Friday, Febiuary 25, announced Ginny Armstrong and Richard Haase, Union vice-president. • The bonds are made out to John D. Charcholla, Jean Barrett, Omar Burton Wright-Jr., Russell Wright, Mrs. Eleanor B. Shreve/ -Sue Killinger, Mrs. Dorothy Martin, Katherine Bruck, and Mrs. Inez Cg.nan. Completing tne list are Mrs. Cecilia Wahl, Miuii Schmidt, Frances Robinson, Patricia Madson, Mrs. Jano Keenan, Marion Johnson, G. Theodore Iloltman, Evelyn Erickson, and David Danskei.
ADVERTISING STAFF Exponent advertising staff important business meeting tonight at 6:45. Be there!'—Lee
41^
J
.'t?^ a
Pu¥du&' Exponent
Tuesday, February 22^ 1944
PViMue Exponent tcmiiined with i* , Purdue Independent-
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 90 Sporfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Husiness^ Manaprci *5 Fd t^r Fo’iturc Fditt r MantsiJins I ditor Oo fcipnrt^ I* dilors Ba*?ihc s Exteutne
Kiis ell M 1
James T Kichardson Mary Dilt Ruth M 1 ord Kathcnne Ho^\e Mnrffnrot Y Stetie cs James J Ackerman L\cbn BIcmkcr
Puhlicatfon Staff
"iniper Maipai 1 1- It Richai ls( n
I ditorni SlafT
Ascociato rditcr« Mn 11 n T K s Tea
P Jin.'! 7nn tn C t t I ^,p^ Miid AHuo Paphsi il AK n D nli i
Associate Sport Fdit rs i ail CiU i illiam Cirber Wa
Tcn C \\r H
ServKc Stuff Moi i P 11 r T c I r ini'in J u Newman Bob
Bak
Business Staff
Ad\ ertisiTifi: Manaper I ee Sn th Afifiistant -\d\crfisinp Manaper W Ilian Pai Itj C -culation 'Vfanafter H O lerman VsBi^lant Circulation Mana'^rr 7“ ormnn Himc
Staff Photopraplicr MarMn Pesses Editor The Purdue Independent
L>le Crist
Staff for This Issue Nipht Edill^r Rjch'rdson Issue Editor Lewis Ra-v Fdi or (»ar elt City Editor Yargar ‘-'j orts Editor P Garber Reporters Kk ^ i (n Co t? Streeter Ehiman Geoipc bo ) \ a i
Enl red '
d cl
e "f ai Oct ei Tu
ni a Th 1 dav
. s r latUi at the post office m Lafayette f C ipicss of March 3 18 9 and at the 11 vidol for in section 1108 act of 'rz^i Tan aiy ‘^0 1922 P ibl shed on J Sa irday inoiimgs during the year cr ofi D I verei Iaill> by car lor foi t n il f r 60 for a bcmestei S il> I at tl c F\ioncnt office or at the
/
aK iti mg IV Natioi al Advertising 1 1 leii scnUtivcs 4*^0 Madison
About Recreation
The^e sef'ni'; to be a continual complaining ) n£ the louncls of the student body legaidiia the fac'^ that theie is nothing to do m spiie-tme moments a:^ei c]asses, and on ^■^eek-ends The conseysus among most students '^eems to be, “^ue theie aie always the movies, the Satiudawniight mixeis, and the Blazei, but ■\\h}' isn t theie something ditfeient that ^^e can do"^ ’ Supgestiois hate included a place i^heie couples can dance in the Union between classes as i^ell a« aftei 4 leoigani/ation o± the Riding Cli b an oiganized outing club, and even an ’cc ®1 r'"ing 11 ih Because of the wai and lesuiUiTg niioiities, many of the suggestions inaJe aie impiaetieal at the pie^ent time, but
3^S
piioiitv ac^n%ies may still be inaugurated oi rcoigamzed Most students look to the University foi hcln and ei en incentive in legaid to ai^anging the citation of new spaie-time
activ itie‘
The Unn eisity admimstiation although it IS inteiestcd piimauly in the welfaie of the studen s, has too many othei pioblems at the piesent tune to onginate new aetivities foi the student poiulation Some of the pel sons yyno complain about the lick of things to do should take it upon themsehes to see that something i-^ done about the situation if it is as senouii as they seem to think The Univeility caWot place neyy lecieational facilities oi actnities m tiont ot small, select gioiips on a “iiilvei plattej. in oidei to see yyhether they pi oy e populai enough to meiit existence The incentiye ie«ts entiicly with us, the students It theie isn t enough to do at times heie on the campus, students should remember that, as a lule, the fault lies not with the Unneisitv, but with the undeigiaduates In theoij, new leeieational and extiaeuiii culm oppoilunities may be set up to lun smoothlv—actuality is a diffeient mattei An object ye outline ot the entiie oigamzation must be yyciked out and then, it possible, the neyy actiyit’ Uiould be pul into piactical yyoik ing oidei In i a iough <"kctch ot the pie lim naiu n yohed What happens aUei they haye ucen ccmplet< d sueeesstulh depends on tirely upon thfi yy a\ the aetn ity is managed by the •'tudfints hew actnities should be lun by the student^—loi the students—yyith student inccntne behinct then adejplion—i ti
S^Aviai. SihipsA.
Capf. Thomas Marshal! ■-qiaiion comma) (Iti oJ tl Jliud Piovisionil Sjiidi 1 t I ill )fl \jm\ All 1 leld has bei fioi tcdtcthci^nl ofMiioi itva announcid
icctj *1\ it th)
in L i,,in( ficH llu son oJ Mi and
Mi^. ] \ ‘' U 1 1 ill ( hci ih cm i|oi vas loiineih 1 ilioiK-i t } ill ]j(ld lc^lfa belt it hib tianslci to I AAl n 'c \ mil IM-’ II i t co ca]itdin ind
H i( n 1 1 lb it the Lni\tisil\
1< ITun a m 1 ltd
j 1
Maior Gerald |. Dix has been iw tided the thi d Oal I e il cluster to the An M cL' f i i u i itoi i ju'-sti \ ict in aeiial flight ’ :t w IS innoui) t! at J i{.luh A \I I ightci Command ilt 1 Ion u ic) s onieelcKJi I iml ii d MaioiDix class oi ’-i i is i figldn If pfMiLini ( ffmci 1C a i hun (Uibolt bast Did h IS dcslioycd a t iphn) o wh^e on a hombti f '/■coi t im k n 11 om P< 11 M n i shy base y hilc ht y IS riMiif, 1)1 th( South Patihi Ilf s tht cn fi Mi 1 mi Mil PfUi Dix ol Sullu in
qtie mmm MERKY-GO-RaUND
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkfily
• y omW^ rEAftSOM Clayton, Possible Industry Converting Chief, Opposes FDR; Flax Could Ease Shortage WASHINGTON—Woid that giey, gaunt guzzled
Bainey Baiuch had decided to lecommend equally giey, gaunt gii/zled Assistant Secietaiy of Conimeice Will Clayton as head of wai factoiy demobilization biought a bui«t of reaction fiom various places Most interesting icaction came fiom those aiound the White House who lecalled how economic loyalist Clayton, Tc\ is cotton magnate had contubuted sev era! thousand dollars to the Libeity League to cam paign against Roosevelt m 1936 and how his wile had sent wold to the White House that she would match eveiy penny hei husband gave to defeat Roosevelt with an equal amount to help him win Mis Clayton, who IS wealthy m hei own light—in tact helped hei bus band to use fiom the position of a stiugglmg stenog laphei m Tennessee to become the world’s gieatest cotton biokei—c lined out hei piomise Moie than $7,000 of hei money went to FDR Also, it was iccalled how Mrs Clayton telephoned Mrs Milo Peikms duimg the row between Jesse Jones and Clayton on one side and Vice Piesident Wallace and Milo Perkins of the BEW on the other ‘ Tell your husband,” Mrs Clayton said “to keep up the flight against my husband I know your husband is absolutely i ight ” Mrs Clayton, incidentally, went to a little Kentucky college Marvin at Clinton Ky, with Senator Alben Barkley The two became great friends Mrs Clayton though mar lied to one ot the wealthiest men m Amei ica has been a New Dealer for a long time C^ar ©f Posf-War Factories As demobilization directoi, Clayton would deeide whether the huge government-owned an plane, munitions and other factories built at the taxpayers’ expense with Jesse Jones’ RFC loans should be turned orer to private industiy, dismantled, oi held by the Goveinment This is one of the most important piob lems confronting post war Ameiica Those who have worked with formei Liberty Leaguei Clayton have no illusions as to wheie he would stand Southern Congiessmen lecall that, when the AAA upped the puce of U S cotton, Clayton’s giant cotton film shipped seed, faim machinery and expel ts to Biazil opened hci np as this country s gieatest cotton competitoi As a result Brazil was actually shipping cotton to New Oilcans in competition with the Ameiican cotton fanner In the army, it is recalled that aftoi Peail Haiboi, Clayton as a diiector ol RFC s Defense Supplies Coi poi ition delayed and delayed the puichase of quinine tiom the Dutch East Indies, until one day before the Japs seized Batavia Then—too late—he ordeied the entire Dutch crop None of the oidei was evei deliy-
ered
NOII—Diplomatic gossip is that ex Tennesseean Clayton might become one of Tennesseean Hull s new Assistant Secictaiies of State while waiting foi Baiuch s demobilization job to materialize Flax For Jist'e A pi in foi substituting U S flax toi India jute to lelieve the despeiatc lann shoitrge oi binder twine, bill lap higs and cupet b iggmg has stiuck a snag m the W 11 Pioduction Boaid and Foieign Economic Admimstiation Though it would mean new income to U S flax fumcis iftei the wai WPB and FEA cxfieits from the jute tiadc h ive blocked it These comp inies noimally purchase jutc caipet pains Iioin Ludlow Manufactming Associates, Lud low Mass , and if they turned from India jute to U S fleX m waitime they might never letiun to jute Thus, ill jutc impoitcis and manufactuieis are vvoiiied Some people hovyevei believe they have little cause to woiiy because in WPB and PEA aie the lollowing jute men who have the powei to deteimme the futuie late ol flax and jutc Aithur R Howe, vice president ol I udlow Manu factiy^ing Associates with offices in Boston and Cal cutta IS chief consullant or fibres of the cordage blanch ol the textile, clothing and leather buieau of
AAH’B
Rebelt Paisley chief ot the fibies and hides division of FLA, IS an official of R L Pritchaicl A. Co 90 Wall Street, New York City—jutc importeis and agents for
Calcutta firms
Harold Cowing ot the same division of I TA was formerly with Gillespie and Co 96 Wall Street also agents tor a Calcutta jute firm Chailes Bingham, also of 1 EA is an ofhcial ol Bing ham & Co, 96 Wall Stieit, burlap importei'- and agents toi IspahaniCo ot Calcutta ’ John G Bicslin, also ol PEA, is an official ot Bal toui, Cuthiie &. Co, Ltd, inteinational meichants w ith headquarters in London and with U S offices at
67 W ail Street
Outsiders who cant bleak thiough this jutc wall claim that not only IS U S industry letaidcd but also that U S flax faimeis are depiived of a new gold mine by the blocking ot the plan to substitute flax ioi jute the 1944 flax planting is schcdulod to be 7'/2 million acics At about one ton ot stiaw to the acre and $5 a ton for the straw, this would bring fanners | an income ot “1)37,500,000—in addition to what they
already -get toi the flaxseed
It reinain‘ to be seen w hat happens to the Calcutta W all Street lobby inside Wl’B and I P A
Desk Admirals
The Navy is doing i magnificent job wheiievoi it goes into action in the Pacific but membcis of the Tiumin comniillec ue not convinced that this is true of ill the desk idmiials oi then flunkies in Washing ton Among othei things they aio casting i curious eye at the m uinei in which Admii il Einic King and his stall pieseive the myth of being ‘at sea when ictually they sit at desks m Washington To make the my th moi e le ilistic Admiial King lives most ortne week on a yacht in the Potomac It is a ‘-mill yacht and his multitudinous staff has no loom to live theie w ith him However they diaw extia pay for the ha/aids of hie ‘at sea just the same despite the tact that they sit at desks m the Navy Depaitment, ind icsidc m Chevy Chase oi Obseivatoiy Ciicle So when payday ailives thecaiiies a s ilchel dow n to Admn al King s yacht to pay off the '^t iff J he pay ni istei knows full well that the men are not on the yacht Howevci he goes thiough this jitual then comes back lioin the yacht to the Navy Depait ment who c he finds Ihc men and gives them then pay (Copyiight 1911 by United Pe ilui e Syndic lie Inc)
h*
tw
Just Looking Around
From whatever angle you care to look at the lecent attack on Truk, it cannot be said that Pearl Harboi has been revenged. Partial restoration of the debt owed the Japanese has been paid off at Truk, but we have had vengeance at other places in
the Pacific, too
The Japanese, by their attack at Pearl Harbor, put our Pacific
fleet out of action, making it
190 ChlT^co n nes Inc
might measuie up to the Peail Hai bor attack is that it may force the
h J. Japanese fleet to come out of its Clfic without serious opposi- challenge the
possible for them to sweep through the southwestern Pa-
tion It was more than a year Uiii(;ecJ states fleet to an open sea later when the American fleet battle If the Japanese would do was once again leady to face the such a thing, but it seems improb Japs on an equal footing as fai as able, and the U S fleet should come sea powei was concerned But Japan out victoiious, the wai would be had suffeied no such losses as these months closer to its end
at Truk
Japan was hit hard at Truk, and the loss of two bundled and one planes and nineteen or moie ships is
Geneial Montgomeiy’s shoit and to the point statement that “the
. J TT wai has been going on long enough,
nothing to toss aside Howevei, , ^
4. 1 1, it IS time we end it,” seems to have
theie were no capital ships or an- , , , „ ,
4,, 1. t, 4. rr 1 had its effect on the whole woild In
Cl aft can lers in the hai boi at Ti uk,
and If the Jap South Papific fleet response to this statement the Bnt 4., , , „ J . J! ish and Ameiiean an forces opeiat
was in the harbor a few days before,
“You poor deal, weTe piactically finished now — Pll just take
youi wallet and you can go right home
. , , , , , mg from the Mediterranean and it had made good its escape , , , , tt,41„, n 1. i, 4u m 1 4.4. 1 England have been giving Hitlei One way in which the Truk attack , , , . 4. i 1
such a beating that it seems unlike ly that theie will be <i German city of any size left standing m the Thud
Reich
Football Stars Meet On Pacific Island
Sociology Class Looks Ahead . . . Sfudents Plan Ideal City With Extensive Recreifion facilities, Ontlying Schools
By Caioly n Wilbiii
Toraoiiow the Citv ’ might well be the title of the panel discussion earned on by a class of students studying luban sociology Foi several weeks the students have met much as a city leplannei’s council ind cntically disciuscd the many le idjustments that iie neces saiy m oui cities if the ideal city of the futuie is to be leahzed The cut ical council finally came to agree ment on vaiious policies Trams To Be Routed Around Tow ns The deafening chug of the coal healing tram outside the classroom
mmg pools, and bridle courses Since 1 gieatei share of the le planning council attended high schools crowded into congested downtown chstiicts, they weie eager to move the schools away from the noise traffic, and crowded sui roundings Grade schools which will be the centers of social and civic affairs in each community, will be located m areas where expansion in the futuie would be possible City Managei Goveinment If a city IS to run smoothly it must have a stiong cential body to cooidinitc the cffoits of the varied municipal activities For this reason the council chose the city managei type of goveinment since such a municipal set up seems more highly cooidmated The type of city gov eminent is deter mined by state law In Indiana only the mayor council loim lb permitted Not all students will be members of a city icpl inning committee ot the futuie but foi those who aie this discussion will enable them to make wiser decisions in making this dream of today the city of tommoi1 ow
The Russi ins too have been speeding up for what looks to be a running start for a very victarious
Two former University football winter Russian forces south of Len stars met for the first time since the mgrad have been moving closer and “all stai” game is Chicago in 1940, closer to the Baltic Sea and East somewhere nr the South Pacific One Pmssia Red trooits m the central IS Fust Lt Dave Rankin of War ^nd southern battle areas are movsaw and the other is Second Lt fast as an army can Jack R Brown of Indianapolis Both ^nd still maintain supply lines are now marine fighter pilots p^^^^^^le that
Lt Rankin played end for one
year on the yearling squad and three years on the varsity Lt Blown
played halfback
Pilot’s Camp on Island The meeting took place quite by
in the next few months, whether rt he by making peace with Russia—as most of the world hopes—or by Rus sian tioops sweeping forward and ending rmmsh defense for good
accident in a pilots camp located m i 4.1, , „ „ , . T , . There is only one thing left to do m
on a Pacific island Lt Rankin had
just returned from his first tour of duty to a combat zone in the north ern Solomon Isl inds area Lt Brown was waiting his orders to take him on his first tour of active duty to the same aiea At the game at Soldier s Field when they had last been together more than 100 000 people jammed the stadium for the event Dave was chosen captain of the ‘ all star ’ team, and rt was between halves of that same game that boy s signed en listment papers with the Mrrmc Corps
the European therter—the invasion of the continent must start soon
LyHA Today and Tomorrow
Book Exchange
in addition to its^iegulai func tions will be a receiving depot for donations to the W11 Student Soi vice Fund
New Glassification Officer In 1545 S.U.
ARC
forcefully put across the point ol one reconstiuctionist iftri discus Sion w IS again resumed Ills p! in is to do iwiy with cuss cioss rail loading through cities lomoiiow the laihoids will he iiouncl the out
skirts of town
This will not hindei tianspoiti tion bee ruse mdustiies will be lo cited at the edge of the city Theie will be spcci ill/ition of incliistiy le the tiailci factories will be in one section and the band instiument lactones m anothei this plan will permit lowei ti inspoitation rates and will losult m a clcanci city 1 amilies Mill I njoy ftloio Parks Tomorrow the wise Mi and Mi Amcncan and then little Ameu cans v\ill jdemand extensive reeicr tional facilities To meet Ihis need neighboihood pail s throughout the city will be common Large edge of the city pail s will line many of the city folk to then golf couises swim
The duties of Classification Offi cei of 1545 beivice Unit have been tal cn ovei by 2nd Lieutenant Wai tei R Johnson AGD it was an
nouneed yesteul ly
Lt Johnson comes hcie fiom the STAR Unit at Giiiiell College and icplaces Lt Danahei who was le eently tiansfeiicd to Camp Rey
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
nolds Pa
J
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
BILLY THE KID in '■'BLAZtNG FRONTIER" — and — GLORIA JEAN in "IT COMES UP LOVE" —- ALSO —- DEAD END KIDS
Jr G-Men of the Air — PLUS —
JIMMY LYDON JS IIEKRV AlOmCK
PLUS
uinneitt
Today - Tomorrow
DONALD DUCK CARTOON
Buy War Bonds
DANCE RECITAL, TUES., FEB. 29th 8 00 P M AT STUDIO — PUBLIC INVITED CHILDREN'S CLASStS BALLET AND TAP OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 4th
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT TAP AND BALLROOM CLASSES
ALLAN'S SCHOOL PHONE 2150
OF
DANCING 6th and FERRY STS
feiiAilS
fred’s got tfi® fAuscles... Gals Oet the Exerc/sey
Today - Torrtorfow
He s the immovable forte that meets the irresistible ^| 0l(f'
f,rlNSmATION gNTEttTAINpiN AmSEMENT ^
ilMSin Bii sw
'^For
Across from the Union Building
DENNIS I8ENEjil> MQnmmmim
BRUCE CABOT GENE LOCKHART Directed by ROBERT FLOREY Based Upon a Play by Lawrence Scl wab Otto Harbach Oscar Hammerstein 2nd Sigmund Romberg and Frank IdandelfWsrfey, FebrUSty 22, 1944
ffmletnMker Spirts
Pagei
'Fl'hfisfi HotttWenc^ hAeef Miehl^ah domihated the 1944 edition of the Big Ten swimmihf^ iiieet held in Northwestern’s Patten pool last Saturday fhliing ll|j 72 ptoint^, second largest total in the history of thfe 34 year old meet. WhilS the high flying Michigan team was rolling up its oiie sided margin, the Boilefftiakers were scrambling for l7 points, the ilumber necessary for fourth eno’ugh for fifth position m the fancy
liosition.
In Between the Riveters and
diving
Summary
Michigan were Northwestern bjJ^N^orthw^YtSn ’^vcrn m second place with 42 points and Minnesota with 18, one more than 327 2 points Tom Gunderson Northwest- ,, _ « ‘1 1 mi -r. 1 y ern fourth 283 9 points Paul Bower Pur the Boilermakers The Boilermafc- due fifth 268 a ers’ l7 points and fourth place were yard free style — Won by , I 4 , li 11 , yy . Charles Fries MichiKan Merlon CnurcH the best results that any Rivetei Michigan second Achilles Pulakos Mich team has ohtaineH In thp'onnForonoa '8®" A®® Cory Michigan fourth ream nas ooiainea in tne conierence Fraser Mmhasota fifth Time, 53 2 meet. 150 yard back stroke—Won by Rob „ crt Aribble Northwestern William Cooley, KlVeters Score Michigan second John McCarthy MichiTho n/iilm iv,olr,M.y 4-1. SaP third Ortin Neff Northwestern fourth ibe Bolleimakers took a fouith George Gansey Wisconsin fifth Time place m the 300 yard medley relay i TVyTrtTvyTiinrtv* YARD BREAST STROKE—Won by Wltn XiUntingtOllj McMullen, and Hemie Kessle^ Michigan John Wiilsh Salmon forming the team, and the Northwestern second Edwin Robb, Mmhe X j ▼ 1 , sota , tryra B Walters loWa fourth (juartet of Loach, Cumming, Goiby, Charhe Mack Michigan fifth Time 2 34 3 an^ Salmon pulled m thud in the 400 „33o yaRd medley RELAY—mn by j „ , , , „ , „ , Michigan (Gordon Pufold Heime Kfesslir yard Ireo style relay Ted Salmon, Ace Corey) Northwestern second MlnnO rtvi 4-1,^ sota third Puidue fourth Wisconsin anchor man on the free style xelay fifth Time 3 os 4 team, almost did the impossible 22o yard free style—Won by Kqo wl^on he passed Illinois and Minne- Sf/^Lcon^r ^Wifham " p“ter"'^"pu“i?e, sota and nariowly missed taking Achiiies Puiakos Michigan fourth , __ H Norman Iowa fifth Time 2 13 around Northwestern Young 16- 50 yard free style-Woo by Mer yekl-old Bill Gorby, who never saw Church Michigan Charles Fries Mich , igfian second James Gamble Northwestern a swimming meet before this yeai, thud Harry Ahlqulst Northwestern 4-^ fourth James McCaskill Northwestern wa3 the youngest man to evei score fifth Time 23 7 points m a Big Ten meet „ yard free style—Won by i^o --- tv Nakama Ohio State Paul Maloney MichiWllliam Poitei copped a thud in gan second John McCarthy Michigan the 220 yard free style and a fouith T^i^nif 1 in the 440 yard event, w>th Phil Han- ^Ard rREE^STYLE RELAY-Won sel following him foi a fifth m the sal) Northwestern second Purdue third 1 ttTinr, MinncsotB fourth Illinois fifth Time latter race Faul Uowez was good 3 35 5 ^ YOU GAN T LOSE
if
YOU CARRY TiRAVELERS CHEQUEEI That’s right' Because if your American Express Travelers Cheques are lost, stolen, or destroyed uncountersigned, American Express will promptly refund your loss These Cheques are handy to carry, the size of tt-dollar blit and are readily spendable anywhere American Express Travelers Cheques are issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100 The cost is ’A of 1% (75(f on each $100 purchased), minimum 40fi For sale at Banks, and Railway Express offices AMERICAN EXPRESS ,jii»'mAVElERS CHEQUES—^ Buy War Bdnds And Stamps
Crandstandl £choes By Jim Ackerinan Riveters Come Through ■Vfrhat a weefc-end. There was plenty of excitement up Madison way when the floiiermakeis, with their second team and parts of the first, came through and defeated 'i^isconsm in an overtime and thus placed themselves in the running for the phaie of the Western Confeierice basketball title, 'fhen besides this overtime tilt. Coach jSeeck’s wrestlers almost stole the Big Ten grappler crown from Michigan who won by a one point margin over the Riveters The swimming team managed to hold then own, hut Michigan, Northwestern and Minnesota finished on top of them in quest of the Conference swim title Chance for Share of Title With the win over Wisconsin, the Boilermakers have to krlock off NoTthwestern next Saturday night and Indiana in two weeks to shale the title with Ohio State and possibly Iowa Ohio State cinched a shaie of the title this past week end with a double header victoiy over Illinois The Wildcats haYe a lost a number of men from their squad and thds will be weakened when they meet the Riveters Northwestern also has a double bill with Iowa, which should almost guaiantee the Wildcats of not having a chance for a share of the crown If Iowa \Yms their two from Northwestern, the Hawkeyes will share the title along with Ohio State and possibly hte kiveters Hoffman Boys Star Paul Hoffman could not seem to miss at MadisOn In twenty-ninO minutes of play, lloffman scored twenty-six points He then added one more in the oveitime In tbe whole evening Hoffman only took one set shot, all the lest being of his special biand of fake and off-balance types He also made nine out of nine giatis shots Anothet Hoffman, this time Herb, -drho hae not been m a single Big Ten game before, played the whole game for the Riveters In fact, the second and third team started the contest foi the Riveters and played Wisconsin to a 6 to 6 standstill foi eleVep mmutes before Piggy sent in the lemnants of the first squad Reserves Learn Fate Friday Night Late Friday night, the members of the squad who had not made the trip to Iowa learned that they weic to proceed to Wisconsin as the Navy rtien had to come home Satuiday Thus five of the eight who made the tup from Lafayette Satuiday started the game at Wisconsin They were Jim Gustafson and Howard Heiriott, foiwaids; Howaid Schmidt, center, and Lou Rose and Herb Hoffman, guaids Wrestlers Come Close to First If Cdach Reeck could have had Copple, the Mai me who tiansferied, 01 Jo Hirsh, who was on restiiction, the Riveteis would easily have won the Big Ten wiestling ciown As it wpAftlje Wolveiines finished with 28 points and the Riveteis gaineied 27‘'jack Skega^ and Boh Wilson both won the ciowns m the 165 and heavyweights respectively Shepaid garneied moie points in the meet than any othei individual as he made two falls Steady Improvement by Tank Squad Coach Papenguth continued his steady advahce up toward the Big Ten swimming crown last Satuiday In his five yeais of coaching the tank squad hfeie, Coach Papenguth has mcieased the placing of the team one place each yeai Last yeai the Riveteis scoied eight points and finished fifth, while this yeai they scored seventeen and finished fouith
6oot($, Books, More Books Thousands Are Needed By Allied War Prisoners
$
Michigan Mat Team Edg^s Riviters> 28-27^ To Capture Big Ten Crown Showing their best form of the season, the Boilefmaker matment barely failed to edge a powerful Michigan team out of the running in the Big Ten wrestling meet Saturday at Northwestefn with a final store of 28 to 27. The fneeting looked like a walk away fot the Wolverines up until the final bouts, when Moh Wilson, the Riveter heavyweight defeated Thomas of Ohio State for the championship, it whs in this bout that it looked as if Michigan’s lead was staggering, as Wilson had his Op- ’ ~~~ ponent almost pinned wheli the
Trackmen Trounce Hoosiers, 66-38; Harvey Sets Record
Big Ten Standings
W L Pet
Ohio State
Purdue
Iowa
Northwestern
Wisconsin Michigan
In spite of the tem;^oraiy loss of Illinois
five of its legulars, the Riveter Minnesota tiacksters ovei-ian the Hoosiers by Indiana a scoie of 66-38 at Bloomington last Chicago Saturday The Hoosiers made a poor i
showing against the easy going Boilermakeis, when they were unable to place in the mile lun, and they barely managed to score in
seveial events
Next Saturday the Riveteis move to Champaign, 111, to engage in a thiee way meet with two over rated opponents Illinois and Notre Dame, howevei if the Riveters should win
10
8 8 6 7 5 2 1 1 0
2 2 2 2 5 7 7 7
10
6
Defeat Wisconsin, 52-50, in Overtime; Hoffman Scores 27
gun went off, thus keeping the Boilermaker’s from scoring one more point. Earlier in the goo meet Wilson threw Eggers of 800 Northwestern, the defending eham750 pion This was the first time the 700 Northwestern ace had been defeated
4J7 in thirty-three marches
222 Jack Shepard was another Rivet125 er who came through with an in091 dividual championship He won tWo 000 of his matches by falls which netted —. him eight points Shepard was the high point man of the meet breezing his way through the 165 pound
division
Don Nettesheim repeated his status of last year by again being runnel up in the 136 pound class. Dave Roberts, who hadn’t wrestled m a meet all yeai, and Dave Wiles took third places in the 175 and 165 pound classes respectively, with Art Aerne coming in fouith m the 145
following Boileimakei legulais Biele, Linblad, Kennedy, Mansfield, and Fmlayson All of these men
A
A.
\€f
First in Wdr ... First in Peace ... First in the Hearts of his Countrymen. On George Washington’s birthday, we honor this great American who laid the principles of our democracy. We resolve to be worthy of his foresight.
JhSL pJUAdWL WjumifiLaL lAmm, The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
£mhjcWv[idu&mip TybomsmiA, When your car won’t start at the erucial moment, have Pete cheek your battery and motor . . . Keep them rarin’ to go. Peter Anderson Co. AFTER YOU-—WE COME FIRST 525 Alabama St.* Phone 4048
Flashing the type of offensive
this meet they will be m the lunning they weie noted for, the Boilei-
foi the Big Ten title makers vanquished the Wisconsin pound division
Ben Harvey Breaks Old Record team in an overtime battle held at The Riveters Were handicapped Much Cl edit foi the victory last ®^®<i'son, Wisconsin, last Satuiday by the loss of two giaplers, Copple, Satuiday can be attributed to the ”18^* It was an unexpected v ctoiy, who left school only eight days besplendid showing of Ben Haivey, in much as two veteians of the fort the meet and Joe Hirsch, whose the 60 yaid dash Bis time of 6 3 was team, Duffy Fiiend and Steve lestiietion was not lifted until Sat-
the best in the confeience thus fai Fraziei, weie missing The victory uiday noon
this season, and constitues a new c^iabled the Riveteis to lemam m The fiist five positions in Big Ten lecoidfoi the Riveteis Theoldvai- Confeience race wffii excellent competition aie now^held by Michsity lecoid was set in 1911 by Hoff- chances to tie foi the Confeience igan, who is fiist with a total of 28 man and was untouched until it was points, Puidue, second, with 27 tied in 1941 by Kien Paul Hoffman turned in a stellar points, Minnesota, thud with l8 Eiicsson coasted thiough the peifoimance scoiing 27 points, to points and Illinois and Ohio State, mile m 4 31 5 and was followed teams in the nights pei- fouith and fifth lespectively with 9
acioss the line by two of his team foimances He scoied 9 baskets and points each
mates to take all honois in that came thiough fiom the fiee throw The final outcomes of the bouts event ® points, something he ^le as follows 121 pounds, Nether-
hasn’t been doing consistly all sea- cott (Northwestern) decision, De-
us stars , The peifoimance was by far Long (Illinois), 128 pounds, Maciak Coach Phillips lates his new shot the best turned out on the haidwood (lowa) decision Oherly (Michiput aitist second best in varsity his- all season foi any of Piggy’s team gan), 136 pounds’, Dzeibik (Wiscontoiy Klaus put the shot 47 feet p,ggy ^ decision, Nettesheim (Purmches to take that event It repie- ^ due), 145 pound, Cuitis (Michigan) sented a foul foot improvement over maneuvei by Lambeit, one of decision. Nelson (Minnesota), 155 the first meet of the season jj jj (Michigan),
Instead of starting a fiist team, J Wilson (Indiana), 165 pounds. Piggy stalled a team consisting of Shepaid (Puidue), decision, Listei Heiiiott, Gustafson, Heib Hoffman, (Minnesota), 175 pounds, Gagne Rose, and Schimdt, none of whom (Minnesota) decision, Greene
weie on the sick list with the excep- stalled games this season Not (Michigan) Heavyweights, Wilson tion of Kennedy who is still on le- minutes had gone by, and (Puidue) decision, Thomas (Ohio
stiiction scoie been knotted at 6-all, did State). Eiicsson continued his undefeated piggy send in his fiist stiingeis
kzt o“L:x’i: “ i.rrLr.rrrr.t'tts: sportswomen Give tape by 100 yald^ m the mile lun g r Haivey led Sigais, a teammate, to 33 fCepOft UH LamiVal
the wiie in the 60-yaid event, and ^4 points that the Riv
Clpi-k+h ri’f TYifTiEYTi{4 hrYnlr hViii/’T XvUtfl xvVli6« pi6SlCl6TlL 01 wPOTtS"* Scott of Indiana took thud Boileimak announced fiist prize at last Cappeistem and Macon of Indiana ei team in the contest Saturdays Pennv Cainival was led Weber of the Riveteis in the The Badgeis weie in the lead at j i, -n n. ..u 44 1 1 j oaugeifa weie m uie leau at ^waided to Alpha Xi Delta for the 440, but the Boileimakeis diew half time by a score of 19 16, but ^nd attractive booth blood in the 70 yaid high hurdles as shoitlv aftei the start of the sec- mi ir ..if i , jTi iici. snoiriy aiiei tne stair oi tne sec second of the two prizes, both Steidei and Lake took first an^ sec ^nd half, the Rivetei s i aced into the ^f i ecoi ds, went to the Town
qnd lespectively for the Riveteis lead, with the scoie going to 32 28 In the two mile luii Eiicsson and Dennis Hoin took the spotlight as Peteison chased Walsh of Indiana ■^v’jth close to a minute of time le acioss the line in 10 14 maining, he sank a long shot to knot Klaus was victorious in the shot the scoie at 45 each Wisconsin put, and Monical of the Riveteis missed quite a numbei of shots betopped the bar at 11 feet 2 inches to foie the final gun went off, and the take the pole vault event The mile scoie was still knotted at 45 each lelay went to Indiana In the oveitime, the Riveteis Woltei of Indiana won the 880, but quickly assumed the lead and weie the Boileimakeis came back to take nevei headed theieaftei Horn sank fiist and second in the 70 yard low a quick basket, followed by Hoff huidles man’s fiee thiow The Badgeis foi Aftei the meet with Illinois and lowed with Pattei son’s basket to Notre Dame next Satuiday, the Riv- pull up within one point of the Riveteis letuin to enteitcim Indiana eteis Tayloi and Hoin each put m and Ohio State at the Fielhouse on fiee thiows to give the Riveteis a Maich4 Maich 11 the Big Ten meet 62 49 advantage as Bill Johnson’s will be lun at Chicago, and on the fiee thiow gave the Badgeis an following week end Coach Phillips othei point as the gun went oft end
will take his squad back to Chicago mg the game to paiticipate in the Chicago Relays Suniniaiy
On Maich 25 the Riveteis close the WINCONSIN (50) B F P
SniA f 5 0
season with the Puidue Relays MILL RUN—Won by Lricsson Puidue second Haynes Puidue thud Uootei Pui dm rune 4 31 5 bO YARD DAbH—Won by Haivey Pui due second Sigars Puidue thud Seott Indiana lime 0( 5 410 YARD DASH Won bv Sappeistein Indiana second Wcbei Puidue lime
52 J
70 YARD HIGH HURDLES—Won by Steidei Puidue second Lake Purdue thud Robinson Indiana lime 0) j iWOMILL RUN Won bv Wnlsh In diana second Liicsson Purdue third P^ teison Puidue lime 10 11 880 YARD RUN-Won by Woltei Indi aan i see )nd Neilson PukIuc thud Hayms Puidue lime 2 03 8 "0 YARD LOW HURDLLS—Won b> Stei del Purdue stcond Signs Puidue third Brooks Indiana Time 08 *■ MILL RELAY Won bv Indian i (Mae n Burke Sappeistein Welters) Time 3 3S 2 SHOl PUI Wen by Klau^ Puidue see ond Sun Puidue third Sidwell Indian i Distance '’4 leet b*/ inches HIGH JUMP Won by Pedlo\N Indiana Stuidevinl and Ihomaiois Puidue tied foi scLond Height h feet 1 inch POILVAUIl Won by Monica! Puidia second White Puidue Bunell and All id Indiana tied lui thud Heiixht 11 leet
2 iiuhes
BROAD JUMP—Won b\ /immermin Indian i stiond Sigais Puidue thu I btei del Puidue Distance 20 Uet 3 inthi Pi Tau Sigma national mechanical eng meet mg honoiaiy, annoimceb the mitia tion oi the iollowmg Hoi ace N
Diet
Dykstia, 1 Pattei son c Toiuek g Wendlancl, g Johnson g Selbo g Totals PURDUE (52) Hoin, i P Hoffman i Heiiiott i Gustaibon 1 Sokol t H Hoffman, c Tavloi c McPheibon, g Schmidt, g Rost g Hiag g Totals
B
5 4 0 5 0 2 1 1
18 B
9 0 1 0 2 1 0 0 0
0 10 0 0 1 0 14 P 1 9 1 1 0 1
Gills foi the concession that col-
lected the most tickets
Vaiious types of booths Weie sponsored by soioiity gals, girls’ coopeiAtive houses, and women fiom the lesidence halls Among those fiunishmg enteitainment weie Alpha Xi Delta, fortune telling, Town Gills, Wheel of Chance, YWCA, Axis Pay Day, Phi Mu, Rat Race, Alpha Chi Omega, Ball Toss, Delta Gamma, Neck a Duck; Pi Beta Phi, Penny Aicade and
W R H , Dait Thiow
Judges foi the contest weie Acting Dean Claie Coolidge, Prof M L Clevitt, and Pi of Doiothy R.
Bovee
Mone> Goes To WA4
Fiom 8 30 to 9 p m Tiiton Club piesented a special performance, and fiom 9 30 until 11 p m theie was dancing to lecoids m the noith
g\m
Funds fiom the carnival went to W 4. A The amount leceived and its disposal will be annoum^ed by the committee latei
ASME
.. student blanch, announces the election of the tollowmg officers for the coming semestei chauman, -Micha Schocken, vice chaiimen, Hoi ace Davidon, Haiold Ciube, Daniel Pliske, and Richaid Hupp; secietaiv tieasuiei, Wayne Puce IM Schedules
4 Ihe finals game ot both the Waid 0 and Piateinitv Basketball play-offs
2 12 will be played at 7 20 on Tuesday — —- — night Fcbiuaiv 22 when the IVtai18 11) 19 stellai Maioous meet the Wainock
Mauoi and Phi Delta Theta pkiys Kappa Sigma The Phi Delt-Kappa Sig game was plaved on Thuisday night but due to a technicality will
C ivilian sUulents be suic toienew bp plajed again on Tuesday night.
Davidon, Paul T Hoinshei Ralph youi gym lockei at the check loom wumeis ot the Ward and FiaL Menill, Geoige M Palmei m the fieldhouse it vou intend to use tcinity Leagues, attei a lest period, Wayne K Piiio, Thomas II it next semVstei will then complete loi the IntiaSpitlei nuual League championship
NO I ICE‘t"*'"' "L ' '*' if •f'Ui 1^*^=- jh (Ml. Armyi Navyi Marine Jyews
Tuesday, February 22, 1944
Tourney Depart
Havy Officers Change Posts
Tuesday, Peb. 22.
1944-1945. These consist of full tui-
AST Patter
By T/6 Morris Better
Two officers have been re-
call Ruth Leven, WRH 317, before Thursday, Peb. 17. Bring money for keys and initiation fees. —MILLER Omega Chi Epsilon: Initiation Thursday, Feb. 24, 7 :00, in Room 111 of Chem and Met. —DAY Exponent Ad Staff: Imiior^ant business meeting Tuesday, Feb. 22, at 6:4B in the Ad
-LEE.
^ropos of Washinjfton’s Birthday and after a couple of months of cently transferred from the go, 111.—Interested in E.E. Date of and are for women desiring to pre ro^h handling and bouncing around, the truth of what’s going to happen , m School at the visit to be announced. Sign, in the pare themselves for positions in per- m^thTeiection'’ tO’ASTudents has bubbled to the surface. Altho most of us have developed ° i i.- t • — — j-
a little ittdifference to radio and newspaper reports about the fate of the Umv^rsity to new duties. LieuASfP and the men in it. the latest chapter in the persistent rumor that tenant Commander T. R. KegASTP’s days are numbered has an uncomfortable amount of credibility ley, the officer in charge of the ^lijoui it. Nothing official has been received or announced by this head- Navy V-12 here, has received orders quarters, yet thei-e seems to be a Avidespread, fatalistic attitude of “well, to report to the Navy Diesel School eniplo*vment‘ this is it.” There’s not too much joking about it either because most of the at Dearborn, Michigan. Lt. (j.g.) h«inor about it is either unappreciated or ignored. h. e. Tourney, educational officer • Just how it’ll effect each of us individually is still a matter of conjecture for the electricians’ school, has been but that it will effect most of us in some way seems to be a certainty. As transferred to the Navy V-12 school mheh as we’d like to think that we may still be among the small number at Asbury Park, New Jersey.
Della Rbo Kappa: Initiation and banquet
n , - 1 I '"'ill be held Tuesday, Feb. 22, at 5:16 p. m.
Union Oil Company of California, tion for the special course for col-' in room 261 of the Union. AII members and Los Angeles, California.—Date of lege women, and in addition a cash fogether^’bTbus^w^'^iniTiS^'Ln^irt visit to be announced. Sign in the award of $300. Applications must be P;,,"*:- Members wishing to attend banquet
Personnel Office by Tuesday, Feb. filed before April 1. Further infor22. ’ mation may be obtained at the PlaceC. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana ment Service for Women, 92-2470. —Interested in M.E. Date of visit to Radcliffe College, in Cambridge, be announced. Sign in the Personnel Massachusetts, announces fellowOffice by Friday, Feb. 26. ships for training in personnel adDepartment of Commerce, Civil ministration. These are to be offered office. Aeronautics Administration* Chica- for the year 1944-45, of $600 each
Tau Beta Fi ( Compulsory meeting
» in room 263 of th<.
.of officers. Fifty cent fine
for unexcuaed abaence,
—eVans.
Tail Beta Pi: There will be a compulsory ’meeting of Tau Beta Pi on Tuesday evening, -Feb. 22, at 7 p. m. in the Union for the election of officers. A charge of BOc will bo levied against anyone who fails to attend' ■unless excused by the chapter president, trhe room wili be announced later. I —WORMSER , Fraternity President’s Council: Keys are hi; call Merril oivCraven, 3.S01, at the Sigma Hhi Epsilon or Fraternity Affairs Office for
iBiformation.
( —CRAVEN ' Newman Club Members: There will be a retake of the Debris Picture, Wednesday,
in the south ballroom
Personnel Office by Friday, Feb. 26. sonnel administration. Further in-
^ formation may be obtained at PlaceThese companies are not sched- ment Service for Women, 92-2470
uled to visit the campus; however, 2966. they are interested in students for
Gold Peppers; Actives and pledge. Mdctihg at B p. m. today, Feb, 22 in the West Faculty Lounge. Election of officeta- Imperative that Everyone be I*'®''®;, bring projects. J —WEDGE Exponent Stall: There will be a meeting of all newly elected seniors this afterfioon, Feb. 22, at 4 p. m. in thOjExmmen^t^WHee. Gimlet Club: All members for whom paddles were ordered may pick them up at the Pi Kappa Alpha house. _gjcHARDSON Skull and Crescent: Meeting in ,Rqom 212 of the Union on Wednesday, Feb. 28, at 7 p. m. -KLEIN Phil Lambda Upsilon: Forma! initiation on Wednestlay, Feb. 23, at B:80 Room 3BB of the Union. After mitmtion ceremony, all actives and peWly jmt'atcu members will leave for the dinner which is scheduled for 6:80 p. m. If you hav,e,a car available, please biing it. , —HAAS
Classified
Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches
guns, luggage, typewriters.
Office, 407 Columbia.
Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, St. Paul, Minn.— Interested in B.S. or Ph.D. Chemists, Chemical Engineers, Physicists
, . , , ,, , ^ ^ ^ ^ and Ceramic Engineers (draft de-
who will remain and be allowed to finish the outlined course, most of us Lieutenant Commander Kegley ferred)
at^e beginning to talk about it in the past tense. Realistically enough, and will relieve Commander P. K. Bryan g Squibb & Sons, New Brunsno matter what one’s fate in the program may turn out to be, this has been as executive officer for the Navy j.^ J—Interested in B.S. M.S. perhaps the most piofitable setup in the Army—regardless of what some school at the Ford Motor Company. p Chemists or Ch E Sign in Congressmen may have had to say about it or those in it. To use an old Kegley attended the Naval Academy Personnel Office by Friday, Lafayette. Phone 2779, bromide, we’ve been getting something which can’t be taken away from at Annapolis, Maryland, during the , r, T-
uft* It IS bound to serne us well the rest of our days in the Army and, Allah last war, and graduated from there Tnvlnr Tncjtnimpnt rnmnanies of ^ openinprs for those interested in coopbe praised, when we are restored to civilian ways once more. in 1919. Shortly thereafter, he re- RochLter, N. Y. - Interested’ in Srd'lre tmlubfe^TuaWcv^u/st.” PW
MUSIC SOOTHES signed from Naval service to return jyj ^^ Met.E., Physicists and Physi- ■ {tecause the beautiful music of a symphony has to compete ivith the to-civilian pursuits. At the time of Chemists (draft-exempt). Sign rhythmic movements of the musicians and their instruments, concerts his recall to active duty in the Naval Personnel Office by Monday, Feb-
have' a double fascination for many people. They get excited and elated Reserve, he was principal of a Bir- 28. tyjl^ten they see violin bows move in unison, or see a group of French horns mingham high school. Since that ’’firing into view, or watch the bass players go thru their motions in date he has served at various Naval cadence, as it were. It's not to be denied, this pattern of motion contributes Training Schools in the Ninth Naval mueh to the enjoyment of a symphony performance. District, including Notre Dame and With this very thing in mind, one composer has written a special con- Marquette Universities, before recerto. It was inspired by a man who, despite his deafness, was a regular porting at this school late in May,
attendant at the Eastman School of Music concert series. The deaf concert- 1943.
goer, our composer subsequently discovered, derived a great amount of Lieutenant (j.g.) Tourney was a satisfaction out of such a thing as we have just described—the motions of member of a legal firm at Houston, conductor and musicians during a performance. For him, the composer Texas, before joining the Navy in wrote “Concerto for Deaf Man”. January, 1942. He has been staThis concerto is the strangest piece of “music” ever written. The com- tinned at the University since Auposcr had one-sided success in playing up the motions of the musicians, oust, 1942. Electrician J. L.-Hrown ■The concerto begins with a clash of cymbals, followed by a long roll on will temporarily take over the duties
the kettle drums. Altho the emphasis is on brass, the strings get a decided of educational officer.
Alberts Loan Ifeb. 23, at
(hf the Union.
Placement' Notes
For Women
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lost—Wrist watch, Elgin, gold front, stainlcfai, steel back. $10 reward. Call 4229.
Lost—3 strand string of pearls, Feb. 5th. Pauline Heid, 303 Waldron,"phone 8439.
Lost—Acacia fraternity pin and guard.
Good reward. Phone .i970.
Expert Dress Making and Alterations: Call Anne Parnisi, 3740. l.”)3 Sheets St.
Tan Wallet lost in Union between 8:30 p. m. and 10:00 p. m. Feb. 14, 1944. Return
office. Reward.
Brown University Graduate
School announces a number of fel- manager’:
lowship^, scholarships and assistantships for graduate work in a
number of departments. Any stu- ^anted-Boy work on Saiurdents interested may obtain further dayb from 9 to 6. Apply in peibon. Cari’b
Shoe Store.
Missing—From South Hall since Monday
night girl’s balloon tired blue bicycle. Re-
\^a^d. Phone WRH. South Office.
workout. He achieves a dramatic effect which can’t be fully appreciated hhless seen. Strangely enough, you grasp the feeling which must enevlope the deaf man as he sits thru his concerts for you do not hear a single note thru the entire concerto! bans ’N’ ENDS A number of camp new’spapers are following the example set by the klgin Field (Fla.) Eagle in giving AWOLs plenty of publicity. For'several months now this GI paper has been publishing a picture of an American eagle with a large' millstone shackled to its claws and, hovering overhead, h (jouple of buzzards. The names of the men who decide to take off without the necessary formalities appear weekly on this stone. . . . Airmail was
Dog Wins Distinguished Service Cross For Bravery First dog evei to receive Distinguished Service Cross is Chips, half shepherd, half husky, who has already been twice decorated for bravely during the Sicilian campaign, the Beacon, March Field,
informatioq. at the Placement Service for Women, 2966. Applications must be presented not later than .
March 1, 1944.
Any women students interested in Summer Camp jobs register at once. Calls are already coming in for counselors, dietitians, and other
Notices
born right here in Lafayette some 80 years ago. In 1859, a balloon carrying
146 pieces of mail was leleased from the courthouse destined for New California, reports. Major General York City. It ■was retrieved in Cpawfordsville—some 30 miles south. . . . Lucian Truscott awaided the decoToday, according to WD, 25 million pieces of mail go overseas to GIs each ration after the War Department
iveek—and get there. ... At Indiana U there was enough ASTalent to abolished the tradition that no am-' , ^ p
produce an all-soldier show with 14 oiiginal songs. It did a cash business mal may receive the DSC,
in excess of a thousand dollars—most of which will go to the USO. . . . At Michigan State, the blue star which ^vas formerly used to designate proficient ROTC cadets, will be awarded to ASTiainees to indicate high
scholastic rating. . . . Firing 22 cal. qualifying course, Capt. M. L. Uiidei-
wood »nd Capt. L, W. McConnell topped the list of officers with respective scores of 191 and 190. Not bad with a 200 max. ... SR card holders will be Able to see Price of the Yankees at MH Frinite and N’westein conclude the home cage season on Saturnite. . . . Parting shot: wall flowers with nice
stems are woith cultivating.
All Students: Any student who wirheb to ■oik for the Reuibtrar dutinq the reguitriition foi the March term, March 3 and 4, will please leave his name at the desk in the
staff membel's. Further information Regibtrar’b office. —stone
may be obtained at the Placement Service for Women, 2470, and any students interested may r,egister Kappa Kappa Gamma Fraternity is offering three $500 fellowships for graduate study. “Any woman is eligible who is a citizen of the United States or Canada, has received her bachelor’s degug'e or will obtain it prior to July 1 from a col-
Union Sophomores: Those who petitioned
and did not receive jobs may call for their 6 H. Michigan Ava, .sophomore keys at the Union Office any ————
afternoon at 4 p. m. —BOWLBY
—ANDERSON
SCA: Tiiere will be no hoard meeting this week. —BRYANT All Darkroom Users: After March 9, Unioii darkrooms may be used only on piosentation of Camera Club membership card, servicemen not excepted. Cards may be obtained at meeting March 9, or hv calhuK Roy Denibon, 2143 or John Kice. 71644, before thib date. —KICE Kappa Delta Rho: Meeting for all members in the Union at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 22. , — KORP AWS Judicial Board: Meeting, Wednesday, Feb. 23, 6 p. m. in AWS office. Be there. -LUDBERG Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization to be held in the Conference Room of the Music Hall, today, Fob. 22, at 7 . in p m.
—SCHWANDT
4 mourn tniiMsivE Secretarial Course for COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES A thorough, intensive, secretarial course — starting February, July,'' October. Registration now open.
★
'' Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ,<•
A SCHOOL OF BUSmFSS
PltCFERRCD BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN THE 61IE©6 C@LI.E6E President, John Robert Gregg, S.C.D,
Director Paul M. Pair M.A
feieptiona. STAte 1881 Chicago, P
CLAUDETTE COIJIERT swept off her feet by cave man FRED MacMURRAY in their romantic Paramount comedy, “No Time for Love”, now piayuig at the Lafayette Theatre. From the above 3Cene, it would look as they they make time!
Music Room (Continued from page 1) music in the Browsing Room were donated to the University by the Carnegie Foundation, which has made similar endowments at several universities in order to encourage appreciation of good music in Room or to Mr. William Crockett, undergraduate students. The Music who is on duty in the Union BuildRoom has been set aside foi the ing from 4 until 11 daily, playing of music that lives over a The Music Room is open every long period of time. day including Sunday from 8 in the This University is one of the few morning to 11 at night.
schools where students are allowed to play the records themselves. In most Carnegie endowed schools an attendant plays the records. Any suggestions by students or faculty membeis for new records in the Music Room may be given to Mrs. Marvin Smith in the Browsing
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Esso Laboratories, Standard Oil of New .lersey, Linden, New Jersey. Date cf visit tq be announced. In-
terested in Ch.E. and Sign in the Personnel
and who is not over 30 years of age. The applicant should have made a real contribution to her alma mater and have a well outlined plan for graduate work”. Applications must be made by March 1. Further information may be obtained from the Placement Service for Women, The Katharine Gibbs Secretarial School announces tv o national
Chemists, scholarships to be awaided to college Office by seniors for training during the year
J^aeb^
a new and advent nrons
\ i ~ hy Monean g Y ^
ASTP Trainees! Subscribe for the Exponent Now
Fill out the I’orin below and mail or bring to Exponent Circulation Office in sub-basement of Union. Papers will be delivered to your room or house. K yon live in Cary Hall, give hall and room number. H you live in a fraternity, give name and street address of house. ^ The price of 1 term (until April 29, 1944) 80c.
t.
, . . there is no shortage of llectricily but you save fuel, transportation, manpower, and critical materials when you eliminate waste in use of Electricity . . . @ Waste delays victory. Take electricity, for instance. There’s plenty for all uses—yes! But needless use of it wastes the fuel, manpower, equipment and vital materials that go into it. .. resources on which war has first call today. Uncle Sam asks us to use all we need for health, safety, comfort and convenience—but to be sure that we need all we use! Think every time you switch on the electricity . . . make sure it isn’t being wasted. PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA. INC.