TyUi/uuj. QhddimjoA dnd d diapjpui^ ^dsiw ^suxA
N
Purdue
Z-IM
Volume 51> No. 82
Exponent
Tuesday. December 19. 1^19
Late News Bulletins Heywood Broun Dies New York, Dec. 18—^Heywood Broun, columnist and president of the American Newspaper Guild, died today in the Harkness Pavilion of the Presbyterian Hospital. Pneumonia, complicated by heart trouble, caused Broun’s death. He was 61 years old. t British Raid German Base London, Dec. 18—^The British admiralty today announced the sinking of one and probably a second German cruiser in an air raid over the German Naval base at Helgoland. Sixty-five British planes took part in the raid that bombed and machine-gunned more than a dozen ships at anchor in this and other north German naval bases. A German report of the raids sthted that 34 of 44 British planes taking part in the raids were shot down. Four Graf Spee Sailors Arrested Montivideo, Dec. 18—Four members of the Admiral Graf Spee crew, sunk in the harbor here yesterday, were arrested by Uruguayan government today on charges of blowing up their ship. The men were taken off the supply ship Tacoma which had brought them back here after the sinking of the ship. Other members of the crew, 700 officers and men, were interned at Buenos Aires. Captain Langsdorff, commander of the Spee, said following his internment, “I am satisfied. I saved all my men.” Finns Repulse Two Russian Attacks Helsinki, Dec. 18—^Two Russian attacks launched on the Karelian Isthmus were repulsed today with heavy tosses on the Soviet side. The two attacks were launched as Finnish troops were smashing an attempt to encircle the Mannerheim Line. Twenty-six tanks were taken by the Finns. Russ Sub Fires On German Freighter / Stockholm, Dec. 18—^The German freighter Pillau today reported that a Russian submarine fired upon her, firing more than 30 shells. The ship was not damaged.
If Eugene Maurey Looks Into Your Eyes, Remember It Isn't Love; It's Hypnotism By Bob Weiss ,
“Look me in the eye—you think
you are falling forward. Watch my eyes. Watch, watch, watch.” And there I was on the floor. Well, well, what d’ya know. I had fallen (in more ways than one) a victim to the
power of a devastating hypnotist. I picked myself off the floor and
decided to find out more about this thing called—hypnosis. It seems as if no one is safe from the whims of a mesmerist, such as my host, Eugene Maurey. Maurey, a senior mechanical, is carrying on some very interesting experiments in hypnosis in collaboration with a member of
the psychology department.
Just Tell Me
When he learned of my desire to investigate further into this mystery, Maurey wanted to demonstrate, but after piuch haggling I finally convinced him that it would be better for all concerned to mere-
ly tell me.
The hypnotist is able to bring about many unusual things through the use of the strange power at his command. Maurey demonstrated a number of these at a seance he held a week ago. One of the most unusual of these demonstrations was one in which the body of the subject or any part of it was made rigid. Thus a person would be unable to open their eyes or move
their arms.
Some Alarm Clock Several persons were put to sleep, and then H^udini, Jr., told them to wake up in ten minutes. In the majority of cases the sleepers awakened within a few seconds of the prescribed time. He told me about apother time when he hypnotized a fellow and then told him the floor he was standing on was getting hot. It finally got so hot that the poor boy could bear it no longer and he jumped onto the bed, out of danger.
Hot or Cold
This man can make you hot or make you shiver. He can stick pins into you and you’ll never feel them. In fact, once under the influence he can make you do almost an3d;hing. Hpwever, Maurey said that it is impossible to make a person do anything that is repulsive to him. Hypnotism is a condition of the mind brought about by certain causes
Union Will Sponsor . Annual Christmas Charity Tea Dance Today from 4 to 6:30 the annual Christmas Charity Tea Dance, sponsored by the Student Union, will be held in the Union ballroom. Harry McCrady and his campus orchestra will furnish the music for the affair. They have planned several novelty numbers to amuse the couples attending this dance. The admission is either some foodstuff or a toy. Bill Huls, Union vice president, announced that these will be given to the Lafayette Red Cross which will, in turn, distribute them among the needy families in town. Here’s a chance to do your bit towards helping some underprivileged family spend a happy Christmas vacation!
Cagers Practice For Vacation's Work Play Trojans Here Tomorrow YWUSp.i««hri,Fo, inPirsiOtFiyeHolidayGames
Underprivileged Children
YWCA will hold its annual Christmas party for underprivileged children this afternoon from 3:30 to 4:30 in the Recreation room of South Women’s Residence Hall. The children, whose names were secured from the Settlement House of Lafayette, will participate in games and' refreshments will be served. Each child is to be presented with a gift. Edna Schwab’s committee on Settlement Work will be in charge of the party.
WSGA Hours WSGA hours are 11 o’clock tonight and 12 o’clock tomorrow night. During vacation, hours will be 12 for those staying over.
which are not clearly understood, and as such an individual cannot do anything he does not want to do. Next year, Maurey is going to try to make persons memorize page after page of written matter while under the influence of hypnotism. The mind should retain this material as long as it normally does. Theoretically speaking, this should enable an individual to pass tests more easily. Walk, don’t run to the nearest telephonic wave. Don’t say you weren’t warned. Chi Omega Sorority Wiil Sponsor Benefit Bridge On January 4 Alumnae of Chi Omega Sorority will sponsor a Benefit Bridge on Thursday, January 4, at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. Miss Rebecca Ruby of the University Library is in charge of preparations for the affair. A prize will be awarded to the high scorer at each table, and a door prize will also be given. Several other games are being planned
for the affair.
Tickets may be obtained from actives, Georgann Schilling and Arlene Rothenberger, and from Miss Ruby and other members of the
Alumnae Chapter.
Annual Cantata Draws
/
Two Capacity Crowds; Recording Scheduled The second annual pre-Christmas Convocation was held Sunday night in Fowler Hall. “The Story ^f Christmas,” by Alexander Matthews, was sung by the combined University and concert choirs in two performances at 4:30 and 8 p. m. The cantata was presented in four parts, the prophecy, the vision of the shepherds, the quest of the Magi, and the fulfillment of the prophecy. Invididual solos were presented by Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamson, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, Robert Stanley, Harold Schulte, and Mary Johnson. The program will fie recorded today for special presentation by WBAA on Christmas day.
What's The Use Chum; You Can't Win Anyway, But It Makes A Good Impression
Now is the chance to do all of that studying that you have been planning to do all year. Just load up one corner of your suitcase with a few books and you’d be surprised how much you can accomplish with a little determination over Christ-
mas vacation.
Of course the first day that you are home you will want to rest up a bit. Well, then it will be about time to get out the books and burn a little midnight oil. Of course about this time some of the rest of the old crowd who are back from school will be around with a party they want you to go to. Of course if you go you wont get much studying done but then there is still plenty of time left before you go back to school. Then, of course, there is the matter of Christmas shopping that has to be done. That will take up most of your spare time until Christmas. Of course, we couldn’t expect you to do any studying while cousin Algy and the family are in town so that rules out Christmas day and
Annual Christinas Parly Features Dinner Dance University Club held their annual Christmas party last night in the Union. A number of events took place during the evening for the entertainment of the members. Dinner for the group was given in the Old Chestnut Room. Later the couples enjoyed a dance in the Union Ballroom. For those who do not dance, the group sponsored a card party in the faculty lounge of the Union. During the evening, the concert choir sang Christmas carols from the balcony overlooking the Union foyer. Scholarship Fund For Student Flyers Set Up By Shell Oil Company Shell Oil Company has established a 16,000 dollar scholarship fund for student flyers. Students in 400 colleges will be eligible for the competition. Plans for administration of the fund call for the selection of three oustanding student pilots in a na-tion-wide competition next spring. Seven regional contests will be held, after which the finalists will compete at Washington, D. C., for the final awards. The student winning first place will receive an award of 1000 dollars. There will also be second and third prizes of 760 and 600 dollars respectively. Each of the contestants in the regional elimination will receive a parchment certificate. A board of oustanding aviation officials has been chosen to judge the competition.
Penalty Days Tomorrow, the 24 hours period preceding Christmas vacation, will be a penalty day, likewise, Thursday, January 4, is a penalty day. In case of absence from class during either of these periods, in accordance with University rules, the usual $5 fine will be assessed. R. B. Stone, Registrar.
Preparing to withstand the siege of five intersectional foes of the Boilermaker hardwood fortress within a i)eriod of eight days, the Riveter squad resumed practice yesterday afternoon with one of the most amazing displays of speed and stamina to be witnessed in the Fieldhouse this season. Ill speed will provide the main hope
of the Lambertmen in the series of games beginning with the Trojans from Southern California tomorrow night. Every man on the Riveter squad will be gunning for revenge against Sam Barry’s mighty Trojan five. Last season the Western team was the only one to blemish the Boilermaker’s record against nonconference foes, emerging from the battle on the long end of a 36-30
score.
the day after. Well now we can really get the books out and accom-
plish something.
Find a quiet spot, spread out a few books. Well now my pencil does need shapening. On your way back from the kitchen with a knife you decided that if you had the kid brother’s portable radio you could
concentrate better.
After tuning the radio in to some nice music we settle down and start to work a problem. Now let’s see where is that formula that we use here. After five minutes of hunting you decide that it’s in the book that you left back at school. We’ll try the next one. It looks hard, well maybe tomorrow we could do bet-
ter.
Well in a day or so and it’s time to go back so what’s the use. Well bringing the books home made an impression on the folks. The motto of this is, as you have probably gathered by this time is, “You can’t win.” So Happy Christmas and a Merry New Y^r.
Air Corps Examiners To Interview Students interested In Flying The Fifth Corps Area examining board for applicants for appointments as flying cadets arrived here yesterday and will be here for three days. This board will examine nearly 70 candidates for the position of flying cadets. The board consists of Major L. L. Koontz, president of the board; Capt. C. A. Tinsman, Medical^ Department, and Lieutenant N. R. Dick, Air Corps. Approximately 400 flsdng cadets throughout the United States will be selected every six week to start a nine months flying course which will lead to a commission as Second Lieutenant in the U. S. Air Corps Reserve. In some cases it will lead to a commission in the Air Corps. All applicants are asked to meet with the board in the conference room of the personnel service in the basement of the Executive building from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Wjm Leaflets ... of Christmas carols are now available in A. P. Stewart’s office in Fowler Hall, free of Charge to students and organizations who wish them.
Dr. Cornelius Lanczos Discusses Relativify Before 300 Students Speaking last night in the lecture room of the Physics building before approximately 300 students and faculty. Dr. Cornelius Lanczos, of the mathematics department, gave a popular lecture on relativity. Dr. Lanczos, who is a native of Hungary, has stiudied extensively, and who for a time worked with Einstein, discussed the spec^ial theory of relativity. At a lectur'e, the date of which will be decided later and announced in the Exponent, Dr. Lanczos will discuss the general
theory.
Dr. Lanczos discussed the general implications of the special theory of relativity and its effects on the general laws and theories of physics. “Through this theory it has been possible to calculate the energy latent in one gram of water,” he stated. “This was found to be sufficient to keep 30,000 one hundred watt bulbs burning for a time of one yearj^.” This was the first in a series of lectures on science on a popular level, which are being sponsored by Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary. Forestry Club Meets This Evening At 7:30 Harrell Mosbaugh, of the Indiana Department of Conservation, Division of Education, will speak to the last meeting this year of the Forestry Club, tonight in the Hort building at 7:30 p. m. The subject of his talk will be “The Conservation Program in Indiana,” with special emphasis on fish and game7and forestry. Refreshments will be served, according to Forestry Club
officials.
This same squad, with the exception of their guard and captain, will again return to the Fieldhouse this year. At the head of the Southern California attack will be a former member of a Frankfort state champion five, Ralph Vaughn. Vaughn led all scorers in the Pacific Coast Conference last season, and has already established himself as a potential All-American in the games they have played thus far this season. The holiday net schedule: Dec. 20—Southern California. Dec. 21—Washington State. Dec. 23—Oregoiil Dec. 27—Southern Methodist. Dec. 28—^Rice. Reserved seat tickets for the Southern California and Oregon games must bp obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, but passports will be good for admission to the other games. Following the Trojan tilt in rapid order will be the invasion of two more contestants for Pacific Coast title honors, Washington State on Thursday night and Oregon, last year’s national championship team, on Saturday evening. Washington State has already received two setbacks at the hands of mid-western fives, Northwestern and Michigan State. However, the squad is nearly the same that finished high up in last year-’s West Coast ratings, and the height and scoring power of the Washington State quintet is expected to provide plenty of competition for the Riveter squad. (Continued on page 3)
Co-ed Enrollment Shows Increase From 644 In'33 To All-time High Of 1334 In '39
By Georgann Schilling
From an enrollment of 644 in 1933 to an all-time high of 1334 in 1939 is the enrollment record set by the campus co-eds. The female population is growing by leaps and bounds! From 644 in 1933 the coed registration figures showed a drop to 631 in 1934, and then a rise to 776 in 1936, the second year of the Women’s Residence Hall’s exist-
ence.
Nine hundred and fifty was the 1936 co-ed enrollment, and in 1937 the thousand mark was passed by a grand total of 1063. Again last year the co-ed population increased in number, the final figure being 1214. Even this record was broken this fall when 1334 co-eds registered in the University.
Developments Developments in the housing of women students may be rated as one of the most important reasons for increased enrollment on campus. During the period from 1933 to 1939 three units of the Women’s Residence Hall were constructed, four of the national sororities on campus built new houses, and the student cooperative movement was initiated and expanded. Forty per cent of the women students not living at home now live in the Residence Halls. The buildings have been filled to
capacity every semester since the first hall opened in 1934.
Sororities
Sorority houses furnish shelter for 23 per cent of today’s co-ed population as compared to 35.7 per cent of the girls who lived in sorority houses in 1933. In general the cost of board and room in these houses is comparable with the cost of the Residence Halls. These costs do not cover pledge fees, initiation, or payment to house funds. Student cooperative houses have risen rapidly during the period since 1933. The approximate cost of living in one of these houses is twenty dollars per month plus six hours work which she does every week and the care of her own room. Sixty-eight women students are housed in the four student cooperative houses for women now in op-
eration.
Nearly 30 per cent of the women students who are living away from home are still housed in private homes in the community. Ninetyfive private homes have women students as roomers. There are actually more women students living in private homes this year than there were before the first Residence Hall was built although the percentage is only 29,2 per cent as compared with 62.1 per cent in 1933.111
'■V m ■
THE PURDUE EXPCH^ENT
Tuesday, December 19, 1939
If Santd Claus ... visits anyone this year it should rightfully be the members of the University committee on Schedule and Semester Examinations. For years it has been generally accepted that a certain number of unfortunate students must “stack” their final exams (take several exams in a row) in order that a satisfactory final exam schedule might be worked out for the whole University. - This year, through the sincere efforts and ingenuity of this committee, a “key hour” system has been formulated whereby no one but an irregular student will be forced to take two finals in one day. Under the “key hour” system all classes in the University are “keyed” according to the time of their first meting in the week. Thus a Monday morning eight o’clock would be key hour number one, Monday nine o’clock’s key hour pumber two, etc. After this notation was made, the committee scheduled key hour number one for final examination period number one, key hour number two for final examiination period number two, and alternately on down through the 16 final periods. T^us it can be plainly seen that a student with four classes Monday morning will, in all probability take finals in periods one, three, five, and seven, thus giving him one final per day and the rest of the day to prepare for the next exam, sleep, or (as the psychologists would have us do) go to the show. The resulting simplicity of the new final schedule is wonderful. In previous years, checking your final exam schedule has always been a headache, but no more. The courses are now listed under the school in which they are offered and the room in which they are to be given is left up to the instructor in each case. We’ve seldom witnessed more conscientious action by any University committee than this recently shown by the Committee on Schedule and Semester Examinations. Congratulations are due Professor Sherman for his efforts in interviewing students at random to get their views on the final exam situation. Congratulations also to the remainder of his committee, Bloye, Lommel, Sanders, Zumstein, for getting the headache that in previous years was all ours.—R. E. I. Merry Christmas With today’s edition the. Exponent concludes its publications for the current year. Publication will be resumed after Christmas vacation on January 5. We of the Exponent staff wish to take this opportunity to extend to the students, faculty and townspeople our sincerest holiday greetings for a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Staff
But
By Petrov There are just a few things we want to get off our consumptive chest before we go off on our vacation, and the first of these is a brief note of tribute, slightly late, to the University for finally getting out exam schedules with a way of finding what you are looking for. We don’t miss looking 16 minutes for Met 109, but we do miss the purty pink paper. * * * Next on the docket is mention of Mr. Messenger’s detective ability. We referred to him last week in this column, and through some psychic deductive power he found out our real name. So Vladimir and Romanoff, stay away from Recitation 113 or he’ll get you, too. Romanoff, by the way, had a birthday Supday which in turn inspired a poem: The OGPU announces with Soviet respect The birthday of comrade Romanoff The OGPU will now return to its beer And continue blowin’ the foamin’ off.
All right, wise guy, YOU think of a rhyme for Romanoff. ■ * * * Roamin’ off (Eureka!) to Chicago last week end, one of oTir informers brings us back tales of the Glee Club’s trip to Chicago to sing for the'Indiana Society’s annual banquet. This little banquet was held down to 1,100 people, at the paltry price of $12.50 per plate. This price includes food. It also included a free look at Paul V. McNutt, President Elliott, Mayor Kelly^ Will Hays, John McCutcheon, ad infinitum, with a side dish of Edward Everqtt Horton and Martha Raye. •■It « >i: ’ Martha Raye, so we are told, amused herself by tripping the Glee Club on their way in and out of a dressing room, with nary a boy mistaking mouth for door. The Glee Club, however, did its own tripping as they walked majestically onto the floor of the Palmer House’s Empire room at one point in the evening. Two of the lads fell flat upon their faces. It may be just a coincidence, but Martha Raye was in the Empire room when that happened. Oh well, we won’t squeal, Martha. * * Well that about takes care of that, but there’s one philosophical question we’d like to leave with you as a Christmas present before you go home Wednesday, and we’ll thank you to keep the answers to yourself. * >!< * How would chairs be built if knees worked the other way?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
dUnL amL dfsih^ By Georgann Schilling 1 Springtime in December, June in January, no snow io sight and Christmas less than a Week away. After all thosr dozen plus dances last week end there should be plenty of yuletide spirit spread around.
UoksL
We saw one young man the other night who was really taking this brightening effect of Christmas realistically. The scene was a charming party given by the charming McKee family at their charming new home. Suddenly the door opened and in walked Brooks Mellott all lighted up with a pair of Christmas tree lights. The lights were distributed all over his suit, and worked by means of several batteries concealed in the young man’s pocket. The bulbs lighted by means of a contact unit on Brook’s shoe.
so that every time the took a step the tree lights came on. Most unusual sight. —H & H— Most of the students are deserting classes these days in favor of the strenuous sport known as Christmas shopping. More fun; but is it worth the effort ? No matter how much trouble the eds may have shopping for their girl friends, they can never surpass the afternoon’s struggle we had in the men’s department of a large variety store trying to buy a gift.
of the PampJUA. If the following letter expresses the opinion of the majority of Purdue 8tudrat8,Jhe Exponent wUl ge glad to follow this idra through in cooperation with the University musical organisations. Are there any more ideas on the subject?—Editor. Dear Ed: We the undersized ask the Exponent for support in an effort to obtain an Alma Mater song for Purdue University, It is our opinion that so large a school as Purdue should have an impressive and distinctive hymn as an Alma Mater song. We know that Fred Waring writes and arranges songs for colleges and universities, so we feel sure that he would be glad to write a hymn for Purdue. We ask you to publish this as an open letter to the student body in order to convey our idea to them. Trusting that our efforts will not be wasted, we remain, Very truly yours, Herbert W. Hall James B, Thomas F. E, Botts Wayne Anders Walter Frank Wayne Whitlock George E. Paine John Leins George L. Richey.
LUMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
YOUR FAVORITE IN HIS FIRST GREAT STARRING ROLE!
Sensafjono/ discovery of''The Raini Came" ROLAND YOUNG GUDYS GEORGE Katharine Aldridge Russell Gleason George Zucco — PLUS —
CHARLIE CHAN TREASURE ISLAND ..SIDNEY TOLER
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
STARRING lOaiTTA YOUNG DAVID NIVEN
TODAY - WEDNESDAY MA« df ^COHQUEST * A * — AND — TEX RITTER — IN — 'Down the Wyoming Trail' — ALSO — "RED BARRY" Serial
The Chi OmeZs •.. ^ . . , are in the news again. This time we find Dotty McLain, transfer student, has beat some of the oldtimers by hooking a' pin. The pin donor is Vernon Hossellman, Beta, so the “Hotel” boys are reeling from stoogie smoke ... and speaking of Chi Os we hear that they have an awfully “smart” pledge in Jane Arnold. She can put on a real dumb act... or is it an act? —B&B— From a N. Y. Paper : When Tommy was doing something mischievous one day his mother said: “Tommy, if you keep on bring a bad boy you will never go to heaven.” “i don’t want to go to heaven. I want to go to Purdue,” he replied. —B & B— Eds Note: Aren’t kids getting funny ideas nowadays? —B&B— While taking our daily turn thru the Union yesterday it dawned on us that we haven’t gone in the Sweet Shop yet this year that Betty Williams has not been holding down a seat in the “Coke Den” . . . Gosh, woudn’t it be nice to be rich ? —B & B— “A Tight Squeeze” or The Pi Phi Dorm at 1 a. m. (Also, How to Make Love on a Bench Mark) 1. A date with a Pi Phi is imperative, 2. She must possess the ability to barely beat the deadline (12:69). 3. Slim girl is an asset. (Pardon the inference—Kappas on my mind). 4. Necessary Techniques: 1. Fast Break. 2. Crowded street car experience. 3. Fast Break. 4. Hat should be kept on head. (Allow use of both arms).
A small crew of clerks hovered apound giving advice on what gayer young men were receiving this year. Stacks of everyday things like shirts, neckties,' pajamas, and assorted stuff were presented for our selection. The object of the game was to find somethin'^ different. No luck. Guess we’ll give that picture. It should finish things up, —H&H— Only one more chums. See you next year.
. Copr. 19S9 by VaiM FcatBre'Syadicaic, me. Tm. Beg. V, 8. Pat. Offy—AU riffaU naerred
‘I think we’d better shift Nurse Poole—she gets so attached to the babies she won’t give them up!”
5. Fast Break. 6. Ability to ignore first hints, (Bells, gongs, etc.) 7. Fast Break. 5. Practice makes perfect. “Ask the man who owns one.” —B&B— Eds Note: Yates of Cary Hall East has won himself a MARS PASS by the above contrib . . . you can be simple too and win a Free show ... we aren’t prejudiced. —B&B— - B & B’s Helpful Hints ... She who comes back from Xmas vacation minus her fraternity pin can start having fim all over again
... new leaf, new pin and a new man. If we only had some boots and a paddle we could paddle up the Wabash to Logansport ... hear tell there are some interesting things taking place in that vicinity . . , Daddy, I want a nice new check book for Xmas. , —B&B— See you next year.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
imR'OIKOII
sNtsm
TODAY - TOMOimOW DOUBLE FEATURE
THIS ABOVE ALL 1$ BETTPS BEST
— PLUS — PAT O’BRIEN JOAN BLONDELL Bobby (Dead End) Jordan in OFF THE RECORD
A Merry Christmas
atuL
A Happy New Year
pwjvL ih^
PURDUE EXPONENT.V** l.' -^(P
Tuesday, December 19, 1939
^xpofumL SfufdA, PaqjL
* •
' Cagers Practice ' (Continued from page 1)
Fielder s Choice
1 ' 1 Only a brief respite will be given
by Robert J. Deckard
1 the squad to celebrate Christmas before the holiday schedule is re-
Suggestions to hold separate
sumed. The spotlight will be focused away from the West to the South as two of Texas’ finest basketball teams stop off at Lafayette on ^ their northern holiday tour. Southern Methodist, last year’s Soifthwestern Conference winner, will tackle Ward Lambert’s proteges ofi Wednesday following Christmas, with a stellar Rice quintet completing the Riveter non-con-ference schedule the following night. Considerable improvement has been noted in the play of the Lambertmen, especially in the past week’s practice. Continuing the aggressiveness and fighting spirit displayed in the jolting defeat of a strong Detroit team, every member of the squad is making a strong bid for positions on the undecided combination which will carry the honors of the Gold and Black in the approaching Conference race. Juggle Lineups Coach Lambert is expected to shift the lineups constantly in the next few games in an effort to find the most effective quintet. The two night consecutive stands will also require the use of reserve material in order to carry on the swift Boilermaker attack. Lorenz, Conrad, Bosse, and Herschelman have been making determined bids during the past few practice sessions and will get a chance to display their ability in‘the forthcoming battles. According to early season performances, possible starters will be chosen from among the following players: Bob Igney, Dan Fisher, and Frosty Sprowl, forwards; Bill Neutzel and Forrest Weber at center, and Captain Fred Beretta, Eli Yeager, John Tierney, and Charles Caress at the guard positions.
Little State and Big State meets in golf and cross-coun-try were made before faculty representatives of the Indiana Intercollegiate Conference last Saturday in Indianapolis, but i/ather than undergo unnecessary expenses conducting two different meets, provisions were made to combine the two affairs in the two sports. —^fc— According to the plan which was accepted by the representatives, Purdue, Notre Dame, and Indiana wijl make up the roster^ of teams which will engage in the Big State meet, and the remainder of the colleges and universities competing in the meet will be considered to be in the Little State meet Medals and awards will be given to both classes on the basis of their performances in the combined meet. —^fc— Purdue will play host to contestants in the cross-country meet, November 9, 1940, and, in addition to this, will be the site for the Big State track meet, June 1, and the tennis tournament. May 23, 24, and 26. Western Conference faculty representatives recently announced Big Ten gymnasts will go through their antics in the Fieldhouse on March 8 and 9. —fc— Faculty representatives also accepted Purdue’s invitation to be host to the state tennis tournament, which marked the first time in more than a decade that the meet has not been held at Earlham.
SEHB
your laundry
home by convenient Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this: It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He'll call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 ...A Ctptury of Servict... 1939 Raelway Express AOENCY, me. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
IT’S NEWI..THS
With MAGIC Margin . .. you set the margin automatically^ 3 times faster. Many other exclutlve Royal office typewriter features. Complete with Duo-Case. •2Vad«*fnorAi 17.8. Pat. Off.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Slj’reet
Phone 6437
Captain and center of last year’s Boilermaker basketball quintet. Gene Anderson, is now playing for the Goodyear Tire five at Akron, Ohio, and will be in the Tire’s starting lineup Wednesday night at the Sutler Fieldhouse, Indianapolis, when it faces off with the Kautsky All-Americans in a National Professional Basketball League game. Benny Stevens, of Iowa, a crack point-getter; Jake Nagode, formerly of Northwestern, and William Fox, 20-year-old stdr who played with Ohio State’s championship squad last season, will also appear in the Tire lineup. —^fc— John Drake, ex-Boilermaker fullback who has been going great guns in the Cleveland Rams’ backfiield in the National Football League, was selected recently by fans on the Pacific coast to play on an all-star professional team against the Gfeen Bay Packers, 1939 league champs, January 7, at Los Angeles, Cal. Cecil Isbell, Packer half and former Boilermaker star, ranked high in the poll, but will play with the Packers. Pittsburgh Pirates To Play Exhibiion Tilt Here In Spring They’re going to try again. Dutch Fehring, head baseball coach, announced that the Pittsburgh Pirates have again been scheduled to play an exhibition game here next spring. The game with the Pirates last year was rained out, much to the disappointment of Boilermaker baseball fans.
Squash Team Downs Dayton 7'; Loses To Wright Field Officers Competing in two matches Saturday, the Boilermaker squAsh team defeated Dayton YMCA, but bowed to the Wright Field Officers in competition which was held at Da3rton, Ohio. Pacing the Boilermakers was Captain Eberhard, who won both of 'his matches with ease. RiVeters to score victories over Dayton, besides Eberhard, were Morley and Munro, although both were subdued by their Wright Field opponents. Winning three of five matches, the Boilermakers squeezed out their second victory of the season. The Wright Field Officers annexed three matches, while losing two, which handed the Riveters their first defeat of the year. The only Boilermakers to come through with wins were Captain Eberhard and Blessing. Players who appeared in the matches were Eberhard, Morley, Munro, Blessing, and Mann. Cary Club Residents Receive Refunds Residepts of Cary Club received a refund yesterday for the inconvenience caused them at the first of the semester because construction on the new South Hall had been delayed. Since the halls were not completed at the time school started, some of the residents slept on the floor, while others doubled up with residents in other halls. The men who doubled up each received 50 per cent refund. Those who lived ii^their unfinished rooms received 100 per cent room refund, which was four dollars a week up until the time when the rooms were furnished, G. 0. Arbuckle, director of the halls, stated.
The game is the only collegiate
tilt for the Smokey City team, and A Table
will take place on Friday, April 12, just four days before the opening of the National League campaign. Manager Frank Frisch has assured Fehring that they will use their regular lineup against the Boilermakers and one of the largest crowds in local baseball history is expected to witness the game.
... is located in the hall of the Home Economics building today and tomorrow where students may bring money and food donations. Please don’t bring perishable foods such as butter and milk. The contributions are to be distributed by
the Salvation Army.
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Coach & Four $950
% Swimming Squad Heads To Florida For Holiday Meet; Cook, Aspinal To Compete For the second successive year the Boilermaker swimming team, composed of 14 Riveters and two feminine artists, Barbara Cook, a senior diver, and Patty Aspinal, holder of the American women’s record for the 300 meter breast stroke, will head southward to Florida.
H. R. Allen Speaks On Basketball Rules At WAA Christmas Tea Professor H. R. Allen of the men’s physical education department, demonstrated the new rules of basketball to a group of about 100 members of WAA at their annual Christmas tea yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock at the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium. Advanced players in WAA demonstrated the techniques and rules of badminton and fencing, games of rising popularity. Moving pictures of the Earlham and Chicago Professionals hockey game were shown. The cup for the winning team in volleyball was given to WRH West, who defeated WRH North in the finals. Punch, cookies, and lollypops were served to the guests. Miss Georgia Walker, president of WAA, presided. I WBAA I Today 11:00—Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:15-^Edward Joyce 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1:00—Montior Views the News 1:16—Song Time 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Jones 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Melody Mart 2:30—^You and Your Child 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—The Voice of Industry Story of Packing 3:15—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3:30—Afternoon Music 4:00—Heralds of Destiny 4:15—^Exponent of the Air 4:30—Romney High School 4:45—Story Book Hour Peggy Timberlake . . . 1939 graduate now studying in Sweden, is reported to have sailed Saturday for the United States. The reason for her return is not known by the family. In letters she had not mentioned a return. Milton Reeves, another University graduate studying in Sweden, is reported not coming home, according to a statement by his brother, Jim Reeves, a freshman here.
Expecting to arrive in Fort Lauderdale by Saturday morning, the swimmers will take part in the Swimming Forum, which extends from December 21 to December 30. Almost 300 swimmers from various colleges throughout the country will compete in this gigantic water carnival. The Big Ten conference will be almost unanimously represented in the meet. Coaches Will Meet The coaches present for the carnival are scheduled to have several meetings during the ten-day stand, in which they will discuss future swimming topics in an open forum. Leaving the land of sunshine on January 1, the expedition plans to arrive back in Lafayette before’ post-Christmas studies begin. Those who are making the journey are as follows: Captain Graham, Siler, Harris, Smith, Tingley, Andersen, McReady, Branner, Williamson, Carney, Frank, Wolfe, Farner, Saltzman, Barbara Cook, and Patty Aspinal. Coach Papenguth and Mr. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, will accompany the party. Aquacade Tops A huge success in its third year, the Aquacade provided a new high in novel entertainment and recordbreaking times in its performances on Friday and Saturday nights. For the first time in Purdue’s history, a new world record was established on the campus. Although the performance wasn’t credited to a Boilermaker, the University should feel proud to be the witness of Adolf Kiefer’s smashing assault on the 110 yard back stroke record, from which he clipped three seconds. Other marks hung up during the Aquacade were credited to Carney, Graham, and Williamson, who broke three records. Patty Aspinal equaled the American mark in the 300 meter event, which she already held. Many favorable comments were reported on the antics of Luce and Gardner, campus comedians. Two New Shuffle Board / Courts Added To Fieldhouse Newest additions to the Fieldhouse equipment are two shuffleboard courts, located in the subbasement. These courts are available at any time to any men who desire a mild form of exercise. Rules and regulations are posted near the courts.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Eechenbach— 7:00—Ward 37 vs. Ward 2. 7:18—Ward 26 vs. Ward 11. Court 2—Kersey— E:00—Ward 31 vs. Ward 32.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone^2777
• Florists
• Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler, and Optometrist . 504 Main St.; A-
rnmmm
%<•. V* >Jt
y-
‘ ' / , "X- “' V,, ' ¥; ‘ ™ .r U'i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. December 19. 1939
Bull Session
Editor’s Note: Letters published in this column are the opinion of the person submitting them and do not necessarily represent the policy of the Exponent. Students submitting letters should sign their names but they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be tamed in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk. Dear Bull: My granpa was Scotch back in the olde country. My dad was Scotch in Pennsylvania and I guess there’s still a little Scotch in me. Anyway when I see good things going to waste, something in me jumps up and down and wants to do something about it. Now the Union has been kind enough to provide music for us in the cafeteria every noon. That’s well and good and we really appreciate it. But there are also some empty tables in the cafeteria every noon. Now if these were cleared away and the rest suitably arranged
there would be room for a small but ample dance floor in the center. Now there is going to be a little man back in the rear someplace who is going to accuse me of being too stingy to pay to go to the regular dances and trying to get something for nothing. This, however, is not the case. Most of the dances around here are kind of fortnal and stuff. Now I like to dance, but not to spend a whole evening at it. About the only thing along an informal line we have around here are tea dances and not very many of them. , So how about it Union? M. A. B., ’42.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—^Nice quiet single room. 420 Evergreen. Phone 65084.
room in llie basemertt building.
RUSS’ REMT-A-CAR service. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. Ail night.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 3301. Reward.
of the Executive —THOMPSON.
Purdue Peace Fellowship: Students wishing to attend the National Youth Anti-War Congress in Chicago December 27-30 see me for application for credentials. —BELCHER. W. H. Club: Meeting of all members in the club room at 4 p. m. Tuesday, December 19. —DOPERY.
Camera Club Members: Those desiring the January issue of Popular Photography at 16 cents contact me at 8282 or the Union office immediately. —HOFFER.
MISCELLANEOUS FURNACE—CARE—Reliable man will care for furnaces in West Lafayette during Christmas holidays. Phone 86961. Thomas.
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. Tuesday, December 19, in the women’s lounge of the Union. Everyone be present. -MITCHELL.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad Competition: All Juniors who would like to organize howitzer squads to compete in a new test to be started early in the second semester please sign up at once on list posted on bulletin board on second floor of the Armory. No Juniors or sophomores who took part in the competition Just finished are eligible to rthe new list. For further information see Major Faniconer. (12-20) —PAULCONER.
University Choir: Ail members must be present to make recording of the Christmas Cantata at 4 p. m. December 19*.. The rehearsal is very important. —THORNTON. Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 80 and 81, should leave their names at the Registrar’s office before the Christmas holidays. Preference will be given to those who have worked during previous registrations, and to those with office experience. —STONE.
WANTED—Round trip passenger to North Carolina via Asheville. Leave Thursday. Phone 76131.
WANTEDMills, 8029.
-Ride to Massachusetts. Call
Scabbard and Blade; Pledges, test night is Thursday, January 4, at 7 p. m. in the Armbry. Themes are to be handed in and questions answered on the required subjects. Tardiness will result in black marks. Rough night is Saturday, January 6. Formal initiation and banquet Tuesday, January 9, at 6 p. m. in the Armory. —EILERING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Eta Kappa Nu; See Miss Darr for Information on the personnel booklets. Attend tothis matter as soon as possible. (12-20) —KEEN.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room C of the Union on Tuesday, December 19, at 7:80 p. m. —CORNELL.
Military Students: Uniforms need not be worn to any classes or drills on Wednesday, December 20. ' —THOMPSON.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Debris Photo Staff; Meet at the dark room Tuesday, December 19, at 4 p. m. —DCER.
WAA Council: Short meeting at 6 p. ra. Tuesday, December 19. ^11 members be there. —WALKER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Absolutely must have all Riveter Rassle tickets and money by Tuesday, December 19, at 5 p. m. in Exponent office. —DECKARD.
Union Sophomores: Meeting of the puttering room staff Tuesday, December 19, in the puttering roam at 4:80 p. m. —CLARKE.
Ceres: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. n Tuesday in old Agriculturist office. —NICKEY.
Examining Board for Flying Cadets: The examining board Will hold examinations Decembei 18, 19, and 20. Tests will be given from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the conference
It
was
in Grandfathers Day
Say "Merry Christmas" in Crown Cleaned Clothes Send Us Your Dry Cleaning Today F^l N E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
^ ^^hen your grandfather needed tobacco he probably went to the tobacconist in his community and had a lot of fun blending different types of tobacco together and trying out the different mixtures. He MAY HAVE FINALLY HIT on a combination of tobaccos that was pretty much to his fancy,.. that tasted all right to him and wasn^t too strong. So the tobacconist, with an eye to future business, would make up this private blend and keep some of it on hand for him. This hit or miss method of tobacco blending was never very satisfactory. But it proved one thing to both smokers and manufacturers, that you must have a blend of tobaccos to get better smoking results, because no one tobacco by itself has all the qualities necessary to a good smoke.
Thi
[E CHESTERFIELD tobacco buyers select and bid in at the auction sales the tobacco types that best fit the Chesterfield blend, which is the right combination of exactly the right amounts of Maryland, Burley and Bright with just enough Turkish. These tobaccos and the Chesterfield way of blending them make Chester-
field different from any other cigarette.
That
IS WHY there are millions of enthusi^ astic Chesterfield smokers clear across the country. They find Chesterfield COOLER, BETTER-TAST^ ING and DEFINITEL Y MILDER.. .just what they want for real smoking pleasure. You can't buy a
better cigarette.
<)t goai DOUBLE with. U5 , , , *'Merry Christmas and Happy New Year” is a responsibility as well as a greeting for the employes of our company. Their work has a lot to do with making Christmas merry and making the New Year happy and prosperous. There’s no holiday in utility service it’s a matter of pride with our employes that power keeps flowing every day, ”The Season’s Greetings” to everyone, from everyone associated with tIJs company. And may the New Year be happy and prosperous for us all!