't 1 J
‘^ ' >' '. J / '!' , ,'i<-''«^ /> '’^,7’'‘' w> ^ 'y^"(t' <f/ r .
^ y^^jp
..i «
.
f ~ i, , , !_k.. j f.
‘^54
If,. f -/v-
f ; f.
L
r
^ ^ EDITORIAL Unity Needed Among Students
MERRY-GO ROUHI^ J Suggestions Made ^ ; To Save Lives
Est«blished 18^9
Let’s Get Together
Volume 56, No. 38
Purdue University^ West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, July 27, 1943
'Hosfess' System Aids Star Dance Permanent Coed Group Will Direct Service Men's Campus Entertainment Last Saturday night’s crowde(i tennis courts were good evidfeuce ofthe success of “Star Light Dances” on this campus, since that was the first outdoor dance of the summer season. At 8 p. m. Miss McFarland, acting assistant dean of women, met with Lt. (jg) Lee Somers, recreational officer of the Naval Training programs, 15 coeds representing each sorority, co-op
house and residence hall and as ■ Rehearsal Tonight For Service Band
First Campus Air
Brings Unexpected Blackout
Raid Siren SV-7, V-7 Need
Officer Candidates
many ASTP and Navy men. The coeds and service men were given gold and black ribbons to wear identifying them as official “hosts and hostesses”. In this capacity they were assigned to break up the inevitable groups of coeds and m^n that form at free
dances of this type.
The official hosts, each with a coed, spotted unattached girls and introduced them to dancing partners; the system was somewhat strange
At approximately 5:15 yesterday afternoon, officials of the Physical Plant department together with Tippecanoe County Civilian Defense heads were on hand at the power plant to witness the first demonstration of the new and first
campus Air Raid Siren.
What they didn’t bargain for happened just prior to the test and
Jukebox Jamboree last Wednes- left the campus lyondering whether day afternoon was one of those oc- or not air raids were becoming the casions which is enjoyed by all style even in this secluded spot, those present. Approximately 65 This unforeseen circumstance was men and the corresponding num- a failure at the power plant, ber of coeds danced and jittered to Strange Coincidence
Repeat Performance Of Jukebox Jamboree To Be Held Today
Model Builders
Dr. Fadum Joins University Civil
To Compete Sunday Engineering Sfaff
In Airplane Contest
All model airplane builders and cently joined the Civil Engineering enthusiasts are urged to compete in assistant professor of Soil
The Navy and Marine Band, combined with the University Symphonic Band will hold its first rehearsal at 7 tonight in the Band practice shell in the Music Hall. The Band will rehearse Tuesday and Thursday nights at 7 until the end of the semester, after which time
the Aeromodelers contest to be held Sunday. Awards will consist of three cash prizes in the amounts of $5.00, $3.00 and $2.00. An entry
the juke box. Strange as the coincidence may fee of 50c must be paid at the be- ^osree in soil mechanics from Har- remain in college until gradiUfEds, coeds and servicemen danced was no connection be- ginning of the contest; payment of vard University; he made an exten- on active or inactive status de-from4-6 during that warm after- ween the two happenings according this fee will not be requiied of Aero- of building settlements pending upon the number of tenna
Mechanics to succeed Dr. P. C. Rutledge, who resigned to join North-
western University’s staff.
Dr. Fadum received his doctor’s
Will Permif Students To Remain In Cel^ge Additional Officer Candidatea for specialized duties in the U. S. Navy are needed in class SV-7 and V-'^ot the Naval Reserve according to an announcement received 'from the Bureau of Naval Personnel. Students with junior or senior rating in any branch of engutterthgl’ and those of other schools majoring in physics, mathematjcs, chenlifttry' and electronics are eligible to nrahe
application.
Students who qualify will enter the Naval Reserve through voluntary induction and will be permitted
at first, but everyone soon caught the Navy band will practice marchon. ing, and then the bands will comPermanent Committee for the football season. The same coeds will serve as men are expected to be in “hostesses” for three consecutive their places at 7 for roll call. The Saturday night dances, and from ^^PP^y “^i®® b® OP®’^ this evethis group a permanent committee oing for those who have not checked of the three most efficiently success- their instruments, and the pracful hostesses will be chosen to take tioe shell will be open all day. charge of service men’s entertain- Anyone who is interested and has, ment in the future. not tried out for the Navy band may
Student Union was responsible for the tables and chairs that lined the edge of the dance floor, the available refreshments, the cornmealed dancing space which adequately served the purpose and the red, white and blue cabaret style backdrop. Harry Reed’s music was broadcasted over Station WBAA, while cut and no-cut dances were announced from the band stand. Since outdoor dancing is so much\cooler, these dances probably will be continued for the rest of the summer. Outdoor dancing was experimented with last summer in the forni of two dances, and since dancers took *^0 the cool evening breezes more enthusiastically than to the heat of Union ballrooms, the idea has become traditional. All civilian students, RCA, Cur-tiss-Wright and Wright Field girls are especially urged to come and help make succeeding dances popu-
lar.
arrange for a tryout in the Band Headquarters office in the Music Hall. Old Grad Heads
\
Specialist School Major Allan N. Johannesen, BSME, ’33, is head of the refrigeration specialist school at Camp Lee, Va., according to an' article in the July issue of “Refrigeration Service Engineer.” Prim' to his entry into the service, Johq^esen was connected with the ice plant operation and maintenance division of the Florida Power and Light Company.
noon. Since that occasion was such a success the Student Union
Tuesday afternoon, Julj 27. If this matinee is as well received as its counterpart last Wednesday, these dances will become weekly affairs. Males are admitted for 10 cents
The dancing will be in the North
Ballroom from 4-6.
Tomato Festival Will Be Revived; Includes Contests
to R. T. Hamilton, Superintendent modelers,
of the Physical Plant. Also witness
in Boston, which formed the data
. 1 1.1. 1 for his doctor’s thesis and a recent
.... , . „ Gasoline and rubber-powered • ,.1 » .v is offering a reneat norformanee was J. C. Hennigar, Chief , n i. v i -, proceedings of the i_s ottering a repeat peiformance Physical piant, American Society of Civil Engineer-
who was occupied all evening rem- compete in a single event, using ing. He has published several paedying the difficulty. a handicap system which has worked pers in the field of soil mechanics. The air raid siren which accord- very well in the past. Flying will collaborating with Dr. Casaing to reports was not loud enough promptly at 1 p. hi. and will «
, ^ to reach persons inside the campus , manual on soil testing for engineerwhile the coeds may enter gratis, i. u- • j: .t . continue until 5:30. Tno-nnvnncr»o j 0.1.^ XT 4.1. buildings IS one of three now in ing purposes.
Lafayette and vicinity. The other _ 'P^® '"’ill be held at a loca- Dmdng the past year he has been two are on the Monon Railroad northwest of the University engaged in teaching a series of inShops and the Aluminum plant. course, approximately two tensive courses in airport construcTo Cover City Area , miles from town. The way will be tion to U. S. Army Engineer Corps It is proposed that the three ^®^^ marked with appropriate signs, officers assigned to Harvard Unisirens will be loud enough to cover ^hy who should become con- yersity. These officers, upon comthe entire city area. The siren it- their directions. pletion of their instruction, were self, the campus siren, is a steam The Aeromodelers will hold an assigned to aviation battalions as actuated model, about half a foot in open meeting Wednesday evening soil specialists,
diameter and 30 inches high and is in room 80 of the Union to situated on the north east corner of complete the arrangements for the
the power plant. A pressure of 200 Jneet.
Indiana Tomato Festival has , . again been revived. For several
Notice The first rehearsal of the Navy and Marine Band will be held Tuesday, .July 27, at 7 p. m. All men are to b^tuned and in their places for roll call in the rehearsal shell promptly at 7 o’clock. —EMRICK
yeais this event has been held at Elwood, but this year it will be reborn at Terre Haute, on Monday, August 30. This event has been planned to stress the importance of the Indiana tomato crop in the present “Food For Freedom” program. Roscoe Fraser, hoiticultuial extension specialist here at the University, made the announcement of the pre-^ sentation of the festival. He is working in cooperation with the Terre Haute Chamber of Commerce, Vigo County Fair and Vigo County 4-H Fair, the Indiana Canners’ Association and local can-
ners.
Include Contests
Plans have been made to include other events such as contests. Inthe morning a picking contest will be held in a field near Terre Haute, and in the afternoon a tomato peel-
from the whistle.
The Civilian Defense setup on the campus is directly under the control of the County Civilian defense system. In charge of the county system is Paul Royster, chairman, Dr. A. C. Arnett, commander, and Dale Wesner, Chief Air Raid
Warden.
Organization, Training Up to the present they have chiefly been concerned with organization and training of men for the various duties of an air-raid warden, fire watcher, plane spotter and other air-raid duties.
DEAN POTTER TO SPEAK AT ENGINEERING MEETING A. A. Potter, dean of the School of Engineering, will give a speech entitled “The American Patent System” at an engineering meeting
tomorrow evening at 7:30.
The meeting, which will be held
Dr. Fadum is a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers, the Boston Society of Civil Engineers, and Delta Upsilon, Sigma Xi, Tau Beta Pi and Phi Kappa
Phi fraternities.
Former ROTC Men Report At Ft. Bragg A group of seven Fort Wayne men, all former members of the University ROTC, reported recently
in the East Faculty Lounge of the to the Field Artillery Replacement Union, will be sponsored by the Training Center at Fort Bragg, N.
combined engineering societies of C., with a contingent sent there for tog of work being done on a M#QW
needed to be graduated. Last term seniors will be ordered to midshipman’s school for officer train-
ing.
Students interested in obtaining details of enlisting in the Naval Reserve class SV-7 or V-7 should attend a meeting on Tuesday evening July 27th at 7:30 in East Faculty Lounge. Students who are interested but not able to attend the meeting may get details concerning the class SV-7 and V-7 Naval Reserve from Associate Dean W. Knapp in the Executive Building. FORMER STUDENT REPORTS ON CROP EFFORTS IN ENGLAND Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the School of Agriculture has received a letter from Kermit Money, a former student in the course in agriculture at the UBfversity, telling of crop production efforts in England. < j Money, now a technical ^ergeadl stationed in > England, . describes work being done by American hnd British soldiers. He enclose a cUfh ping from a London newspaper tell-
the University and will be open to all engineering students and staff.
At one time, before the coming well army, navy, and marine
of the armed forces to the Univer sity, each fraternity house, unit of
corps personnel, members of Cur-tiss-Wright, RCA and Wright Field
Cary Hall, and Women’s Residence units.
Hall had a person trained in air- Potter'-was appointed executive raid emergency work to act as war- director of the National Patent den for his particular unit. At the Planning Commission by President present time only custodians of Roosevelt in 1942. At the meeting, buildings. Women’s residence halls the dean is expected to disclose the
"ing congest in which six of the fast- warden’s and a small number of results of his investigation and
ORGANIZED IN 1941 . . . International Coop Credit To Campus
International House, Inc., is a non-profit organization under the corporation laws of Indiana. It was organized during the summer of 1941, and was opened for residence in September. The puipose of the house, as stated in the Articles of Incorporation is “to provide a fraternal and cooperative organization where University students of all laces, creeds, and nationalities can participate, and fellowship for all members. By their example they can promote those Christian, humanitarian, and democratic ideals of cooperation understanding and tolerance”. The members of International House are University students who are chosen with no discrination as to race, color or creed. There are thiee groups represented in the present membership: American white, American negro, and students from other lands. It is the policy of the oiganizatiim to have these three gioups represented as nearly equally as possible. Though the attitude of other University students towards foreign and Negio students is very friendly, it is difficult for Negro students to find satisfactory rooms in the communicy. Since the house is opelated on the coopeiative plan, the members can also live there more economically than they could otherwise. In addition, the house furthers
international and inter-racial understanding by bringing together persons of different backgrounds and cultures. As a corporation. International House has a board of directors and an advisor who work very closely with'the members. The present officers of the house aie Nicholas Hood, president; Herbert Rubinstein, treasurer; Cortez Kibble, secretary; Byron Spice, purchasing agent; Harry Sparks, house mana-
ger.
Like all houses on the campus. International House has felt the pressure of the war in that its membership has been greatly reduced, but through the cooperation of all its members it is moving foiward and can truthfully say that this is one of its greatest years. At International House, as in all cooperatives, democracy is supreme, but at International House democracy is not something which is just it is something which is constantly practiced, and can be seen in everything which is done. International House is a credit to the University and the state, in that there the principle for which we are fighting a war are being lived each day. The house is doing a gieat work at the University and in the community of West Lafayette to further the cause of the race relations.
est peelers from over the state will take part will be presented. Amateurs will have their opportunity to pick tomatoes during the noon hour. Those enlisted in the amateur contest are high school youths who are helping in this work. War bonds are the prize for which the contestants will compete. Although no other plans have been stated, the committee has announced that they will present vaiious events as the festival pro-
ceeds.
'Stokh'Tourney Winners Announced Kathleen Gannon and Jim Harrison were the winning partners with a medal score of 41 in a “Scotch Foursome” tournament sponsoied by WAA Sunday afternoon on the University golf couise. Eight couples were entered in the nine hole meet which was earned out with partners playing the same ball. Second place winners were Baibaia Sanders and Bob DePrey with a score of 42 while third place winners weie Betty Hutchins and Bill McPaitland with a scoie of 43. Betty Hutchins is in charge of golf foi WAA. Soldiers Attend Religious Services Last Sunday saw great groups of soldiers attending the various chinch services held at the Music
Hall.
The men marched to the services at 8:30, 9:30 and 10:30 for Catholic, Protestant and Jewish sei vices respectively.
fraternity men lemain in the orgaiiization. Public Safety Institute Conducts Training Conferences Since November of last year, a total of 2488 representatives of industiial piotection departments in Indiana have attended the regional training conferences conducted by the Public Safety Institute of the University, it was announced by Prof. J. L. Lingo, Director of the Institute. These conferences which were organized as part of the war service and training program, have been conducted in the cities of East Chicago, South Bend, Kokomo, Muncie, Indianapolis, Bloomington, Connersville. Fort Wayne, Terre Haute and Evansville. At these conferences in the vaiious cities a total of 666 Indiana industries were represented. These confeiences on plant production will be resumed in October. Subjects At Conferences Staff members of the Public Safety Institute, the Indiana State Police and other specialists acted as instiuctors at the conferences. Subjects included: Repoit Writings, Police Tactics, Sabotage Pievention, Handling Bombs and Explosives, Fire and Safety Inspections, Panic Contiol, and Geneial Industrial Pio-
tection.
All Exponenl* Workers “YE LAST SUPPER” will be held Tuesday, July 27, 6 p. m. at Blitz’s Restaurant. —BREWER,
examination laws.
of existing patent
basic training. The men reporting were:^illiam F. Gernand, King A. Koch, Robert A. Hallersley, Ronald R. MeVay, Carl A. Hofer, and James B. Giif-
fith.
Notice ^ Subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have moved in the last few days please, call at the Engineer oflice in the Union and have address changed. —J. T. KIMBRELL
acre farm at one of the campk. Announcements
The announcements and invfta*' tions to senior commeneeikient are now at the printers and will I go on sale at the cashiers office 9 o’clock Monday morning Augd^t 2. There are only a limited number so first come, first Served policy will be in effect. The invitations will be ten cents each and the announcements will sell
for five cents.
FARMING IN PICTURES
Exhibits Good Farming Panels At State County Fairs
By Bill Tyson Members of the department of short couises and exhibits of the Agricultural Expeiiment station under the direction of Prof. G. M. Frier of the short course and exhibits department have gone to North Vernon this week with nine or moi’e artistically painted instiuctional and eye catching panels on the first ifeg of a tour of county fairs throughout the state. Composed of laige white canvas panels each about six feet square the exhiliits portray some'new educational infoifnation in which University agricultuial authorities know farmers will be interested. Comprise Two Complete Exhibits Fqi^r panels together with a centerpiece denoting a patriotic enterprise make up an exhibit which is set up at each fair visited. The exhibits are set on tables about 30 inches from the floor and are supported by columns which are attached to the side of each panel. Doc Frier and Prof. W. F. Graham who accompanies him on the tour take two complete exhibits in their one-toh truck, using them in a variety of different ways. The department of short courses and exhibits has been in operation since about 1910, dining which tune it has built up a reputation for ity
self recognized by expert exhibit- been used by Prof. Frier and. ki» comen throughout the nation. Prof, horts in their various contrivances. G. M. Flier came here in 1910 and Colorfulness and pictorial presedafter organizing the department tation are highlights of the exhibcontmued thiough the changing its. ideas of pictorial education to show Columns An Innovation the faimers in Indiana all that is An innovation this year is the ukfe new in ways, means and policies of of columns or pUlars to support the the thrifty farmer. panels which were formerty %rSaving Of Labor Depicted ranged in groups of three hinged tqExhibits this year concern labor gether and placed so that the groUp saving devices in poultry raising, formed a semi-circle thus supportwinter storage of vegetable garden ing itself. ' - ’ crops, with emphasis on storage of An extensive number of county recently grown vegetables from vie- fairs and exhibitions in appriH^tory gardens. They stress soybean mately 30 out of the 52 counties in storage methods, canning of sur- will be attended in spite of limitjad plus foods, conservation supplies mileage. This includes the 4-H club for dairymen, and increased milk fair in Indianapolis during thefin^t pi eduction methods. part of September. » *' In addition there is a panel on At the present time there methods of producing thrifty fall four in the department itictudlpg pigs, and one on the corn borer m Pi'of. G. M. Frier, head, Prof, W.: f*. which the use of knowledge of the Graham who has been there Nlhce pest’s life cycle is emphasized in or- 1923, D. P. Swinford andl E#ri der to control its spread. Stitchter mechanic and inyuluable Problems encoimteied in the de- assistant. ^ ^ signing of panels center around Prof. Frier and Div Gruhft.ni h®"** means of attracting attention. In been chiefly concerned With order to put an idea across each ex-y a “hot” subject for each one hibit must contain something uii- panels. By “hot” they (noaiL usual. This is accomplished in most which is timely, interestiiig Mut cases by action or its equivalent, meaningful. Fropi thu Electiic motors from flea horse- of this year’s group they hhi# power size to five horsepower have achieved their goal.Purdue Expom^t
Purdue Exponent
■ Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 .BMerts, Pieidkouie, (Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m^, 5377
^lUMiar With the Colors
....William G. Roskint ...;....'......'....Dal* E. But? <;.Gerhiird Klooioan
t^Rlncaa Manager tews i^tor.. janasine Mitor. MvcrtiMIr 4* W««r.. Rporta Rditfi^..., Coed Editor
..Bobert W. Boserinklr Mary Mti :..8aUlr Beall Donald E.'Brewer, A. Jane Kelm Joseph 'S. Dawsoi Jean Lauei.
Publication Staff
pditorial Stail
Aauctate Editon: H. B. Abbett. C. C. Martindell, E. F. Mur- ' Phri W. H. TVson. W. V. Verrtiilion.' C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Kuth Ford, Madelyn Grotnee, Katherine Howes. Iporta Suff: K. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. SowfRr.ds.
Business Staff
liitant Advertisinf Manager: C. L. Gaunt. ,,yont pireotor: J. B. Tabb. .t .lSRi.i iNatslioB‘Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Editor-in-chief.....
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squiei
Staff For This Issue
iflht Editor: Grotnes Issue Editor: TueSberj
Nipl
Editor: .Bteffes Sports Editor: Smith
epotters: Baynes, Swerdloff, Georgeson.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, iiffl at the special rate of postage provided for in section HM, act of October 3, 1S17, authorized January 20, 1922. jj^blished on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by ,carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1;60 for a theater. Subscriptions may he obtained at the Exponent gn,iae or at the West Desk of the Union. Vi^prcsented for national advertising by National Advertisihg Service; Inc., College Publishers Representatives, ,420 jjadison Ave., New York, N. Y.
mSUIIKTOH
Tm U. i. P4i. 0(1.
g y *50 gga
PtA
^rength In Unity ... i|Jow that the servicemen are acquainted iiWiih the campus and the coeds, let’s let them itt on a few of our treasured traditions and favored songs. We’re proud of them and know tl^ey will be too if given a chance to observe them. These men are the present eds of Purdue and we want them to feel that way. We know they won’t forget their own Alma Mater, but ■why not make them feel at home and become Well acquainted with our customs? Unity is the foundation for any successful organization and there’s no better way to get a group of individuals together than by making them ffeel a necessary part of the organization. As it is now everyone is interested in getting ahead of the other fellow and only thinks •of his particular group, whether civilian or The army, navy or marines. There’s nothing Wrprig with competition as long as it’s useful, but there’s more strength in a unified group ,and the sooner we realize that the better off the University will be—saying nothing for The student,®. - We like to heaWyour service songs and especially the spii’it behind them and feel assured that you’ll join us in singing a few Purdue songs when the opportunity is offered. Sure we’re proud of our songs, but then weren’t you proud of yours ? We;know you haven’t been any too well informed on our songs and traditions and I think it’s up to the students to help you learn them. (It may be a means of getting the students to learn them, too). At first you’ll stumble through these unfamiliar songs, but that’s expected—we went through the same experiences. But soon you’ll find a meaning to the new words and tunes ahd feel more like a part of the University and become attached and respect our traditiohs.—m.a.g.
tl, Keith E. Delp • • - Pf Bockville, met his death in an airplane accident some distance from the army air base at Selinas, Caiff., on June 21. He was a student here at the University in the School of, Agriculture from 1930 to 1940- Lieut. Delp entered the army Dec. 1, 1941, and later transferred to the air corps.
Kjthi’yn Adair Ade
.. i-.. a’42 graduate in home economics, has enlisted in the Women’s Reserve of the Marines. Miss Ade bad been teaching,a.t Carmel, Ind. She is a grand niece of George Ade, ’87, an illustrious University graduate.
Ifid 'Lt'. Charles W. Cox ... of the United States Marines is now enrolled in 8 special training course for officers at Quantico, Va., marine training quarters. A native of Indianapolis, he graduated from the University in 1940. Corneiiiis Hale graduating from the Chemical Engineering Achopl in 1942, was commissioned an ensign in 4^ N^Vfll Reserve after graduating fr.om the Naval Ah Trgining Center at Corpus Christ!, Texas, on June ,80, He is the son of Mrs. Floyd Hale of LouisyilJe.
Id« {mil Coolmon . ,;^7*year.dld graduate of the School of Mechanical Eilirhieering here at the University, was reported fluasing in action according to woid received from Itbe iNgvy Department by his parents, Mr, and Mrs. Harry Coolman- Lt, Coolman had served on shore
Bnti>h-llaiian Polilical Friction PAVors United Steles EwJe for Conquered Territory WASHINGTON—Herewith' is a suggestion to the lenders qf American citizens of Italian descent by which this columnist believes we can,saVe ithe lives of American boys, British boys, ,and Italian boys. If I were Mayor LaGuardia, Mayor Rossi of San Francisco, Judge Pecora of New York or Congressman D’Alesandro of Baltimore I would make an appeal to Prime Ifinister Churchill along the following lines:. The the Prime Minister^of England: We Americans of Italian descent .respectfully submit a proposal which we believe will save the lives of British and American, boys now fighting in Italy. We also believe it will take Italy more quickly out of a war which she never should have entered and which the bulk of the Italian people hate and deplore. Our proposal is meant as no reflection upon your great leadership, without which the British Empire and its allies would not be where they are today. To anyone less broad-gauged in mind and vision we should hesitate to make this suggestion. However, we believe that if the British Go'Vernment withdrew from all direction of political policy toward Italy, leaving all political phases of the war entirely in the hands of President Roosevelt, then our former countrymen would much more quickly suri’ender to the President of the United States. Italiaii American Ties We respectfully submit this, first, because the United States has great ties with Italy. Many of her former sons live here. New York City, alone has q greater Italian population than Rome. Millions of our Italian relatives in Italy have confidence, trust and lo*ve for the United States. They look to this country as their second home. Unfortunately this is not true of relations between Italy and England. Unfortunately Italy and England have shared a certain degree of rivalry in the Mediterranean. This rivalry is no basic obstacle to future friendship and never worried us until fanned into flame by an insatiable dictator. But his poison, dropped year after year into the veins of the Italian people for two decades, cannot be extracted overnight. Thus it remains an unfortunate fact that many Italians wrongly suspect England of territorial.ambitions and fear that not merely the Italian islands hut even the mainland of . Italy will continue under British rule. President Roosevelt, they know, has no territorial ambitions. They know that every American boy wants only to win the war quickly and get home. They know that with America alone guiding immediate political jdestinies, Italy would be nursed back to sound democratic government, with no fear of a conquerer’s heel indefinitely on her neck. Taught To Hate Britain We in the United States -who know you, Mr. Prime Minister,' do not for one minute believe that England has any territorial ambitions at the expense of Italy. But the Italian people do not know you. They have been taught to fear and hate you. And it is they whom 'We must persuade to surrender. Furthermore, your eloquence is more effective than you realize. Your speech addressed to Italy before Mussolini dragged his helpless people into the war, is well remembered. You warned that there was no reason why Italy and England could not live in peace despite Hitler, but that if Italy did enter, the war, Britain would tear the Italian Empire to pieces. You were absolutely right in issuing that warning. But today, Mussolini’s skillful pi-opaganda artists ai’e receiving your speech, waving it before the frigl^tened eyes of Italians, warning them of the terrible fate awaiting them if they surrender. Another of your speeches used by Mussolini’s giibtongued propagandists is the one you made about holding the carrot before the donkey and prodding the donkey with the stick. This was a graphic figure of speech, but it had one drawback. The Fascist radio every night is now reminding the Italian people that yoii are planning to treat them as donkeys. “You are a nation which produced Christopher Columbus,” screams the Rome radio. “-You produced Amerigo Vespucci and Michelangelo. Yet Mr. Churchill calls you a donkey. That-is the fate in store for every Italian who weakens. You will lead the life of the donkey.” Another thing which worries us is the new Allied military government created for Sicily. We note that the British representative on that Commission is Maj. Gen. Lord Rennell of Rodd, former manager of the Bank of International Settlements in Basle. Italians distrust international bankers. Also, though you may not know it, a resolution is now before the U. S. Congress to investigate the Bank of International, Settlements. Military Commissions But regardless of Lord Rennell, we do not believe any Britisher should be on the governing commission which takes over Sicily and; Italy. They would be excellent advisers. They could cooperate from the sidelines. But we believe the Italian people will cooperate more wholeheartedly and surrender more quickly if , these governing commissions ai e 100 per cent American. You know, of course, that there are some people who believe you dominate Mr. Roosevelt’s views when it comes to British-American policy. W.e do not concur in that. But we do suggest that for the time being, Allied policy toward Italy he directed solely by President Roosevelt. In this case, we are convinced that British as well as American lives will be saved, the war will be shortened, and Italy much sooner will take her place on the side of the Allies under a truly democratic form of government. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
patrol duty at Pensacola, Fla,, up until a month ago when he was assigned to an aircraft carrier. Lt. Donaldson B. Hqrd • • • gi'aduate ol the Science School at the University in 39, wqs pilot ol the lead bombing plane wiiich bombed Rome last week, according to press dispatches received. Before entering the service, Lt. Hurd sold X-ray supplies lor hospitals and physicians in Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio.
Tuesday, July 27, 1943 Campuis Co-operalSms indents To Obtain EducMipn
are coops?
asks the
“Hon. Spy report U. S. Soldiers lack ammunition. They always yearning for‘something in their arms’-—”
Ifc
‘But I did complain to the laundry and all they did was offer me a joh.”
In Miami, Florida, police spotted four youths swimming nude' in an abandoned quarry within the city limits. They rounded up three of them but left vvhen an eighteen-year-old at a safe distanoe from the bank taunted “come and get me.” They merely took his clothes. Returning later, they found the lad willing to accompany them to the station. ah, flaming youth—they can’t win. —E-P— More on the strange and wonderful ways of coeds. The Baton Rouge (long low wistle.) '’\yell, I think they show real southern hospitality.” “ Why don’t they speak once in a while? I thought this was supposed to be a friendly campus. Some of them walk around as if they owned the place. Thell them (censoi-ed). “More pretty women per square inch than I’ve seen any Where in my life.” “This is my first coed school since I went to Harvard. Anything looks good compared to an Army Caihp. Girls are about as pretty as I’ve seen south of the Mason-Dixoii line.” And so on, ad infinitum _E-P— At Salem, Oregon, the district OPA, mailing center received this note with an application for war I'ation l)ook number three. “When I registered for ration book 1, I gave my age hut requested that if be written on the book merely as legal. Please do. the same now
if age appears on book 3. My husband thinks I am but four' years his senior and would be very angry to discover the truth. I will remember you in my prayers.” The OPA said hubby never would
know.
You must have been a beautiful, baby; but baby, look at you now,! ._E-P— At Fort Sill, Oklahoma, the Army broke one of its rules for this rookie—on his first day. Army regulations Call for a soldier’s full name, but the replacement center settled for Charles Cleve Juelich. His full name: 'Karl Werner Rudulf Samuel Ben Jonas Isreal Charles .Cleve Juelich. His parents must have been internationalists. —E-P— , So long as the boardwalk benches have reversible backs, a seaside resort in New Jersey reports that it doesn’t need a date bureau. Service men know that if she sits facing the ocean her evening’s all arranged; facing the boardwalk, she’ll listen to suggestion. And here we are with nothing but the Wabash for inspiration. —E-P- , The thief who took Mrs. Edna Baser’s handbag in Omaha must have a conscience that works on tlie installment plan. Her father received an already addressed Father’s Day card that was in the bug'. Later Mrs. Baser .received by mail five pictures. Including one of her soldier son, a war stamp book with |3 in stamps, and .several let-ters—-all of which wore in the bag. She’s waiting now for ration book 2 and an automatic pencil. Honor among thieves. _E-P— Steve Meek of Portland, Oregon, lost his watch in 192,8 and notified police. This week police found the watch in a pawn shop. Now they’re trying to find Steve. We knew you’d appreciate this. —E-P— Most injurious to civilian morale are the coke machines. Students trek miles across the campus with tongjues as dry as the state of Mississippi only to have their nickels indignantly thrown back gt them by the machines. C’est la guerre.
In the most primitive societies, ail • .members, uf those societies were bound by one Of the laws of nature, the law of race preservation they wore forced to contribute to a common pool all of their resource in order to insure a livelihood for themselves and.'their children. There was a spirit of cooperation and well-being evident in all of these earlier cultures, ,
Assets
Co-operation and aggressive individualism are .two irnportant assets of any cuRui-e. Culture began with the birth of man and has been developed, in some cases, to pur western culture. / There have been attenipts to receive certain basic principles of social cooperatives since the beginning of the Rennaissance to the present day. Some of them have been qnsuccessful ancl others haye prospered. The “guilds” of Europe, the trade unions of this country and lastly, the coops, which include student enterprises ranging from boarding houses to shoe repair shops, cooperative grocery establishments, factories, public utilities, etc,, all these have prospei’ed ■ until today they are receiving the attention of people all over the world. Moderate Means , Colleges and universities over the entire nation have taken up some of the more impoi’tant phases of campus cooperatives, such.as boarding houses and hookstoi’es, all of these only, in the interest of the student to make it more possible for young men and women to enjoy tlie benefits of a higher education at a smaller margin of expense. All coops are non-sectarian and affliated with no political organization. Some.people infer that coops rate socialistic, they are nothing of the kind. We are realists who have begun a revival of one of the basic principals of society, cooperation for the betterment of society. Self-Sufficient / Students in coops on campus do all of their own work, i.e., cooking, maintenance of the house, and other work connected with the house. Every house is presided over by a housemother, who is, incidently, selected by the Deans of Men and Women; in addition to acting as supervisor of the work and social activities in the house she also plans and puts into operation balanced
menus.
The average house hill at any of the coops is about $22.00. a month. This bill includes room and board, entitles the student to participate in the Student Cooperative Association activities and pays his dues for membership in the Mid-'West Fed-
eration of Ciampus Cooperatives. • 'The average working week of the student in his. respective house is about six hourS of work all told.
Social Program
Campus coops enjoy a varied social program throughout the' year. The association sponsors .seyprgl dance$, through the .year, .and.,ha've enjoyed .trade dinners. .among the houses in the past. Each house is guided by a faculty advisor; his job is to guide the oi’ganization according to the rules set forward by the Univei’sity ad-
ministr.atiori. .
'In all, a campus cooperative is an ideal situation for ■ students whowish to.enjoy the benefits of fraternal fellowship and who, like'wise, have economy in mind. This way of living.is not the cheapest way to live on the campUs, but we consider it the best way. ...
Persoi^el Notes • ' ••••• ' '' ' •• . ; I Companies scheduled to .Vl8,it. th# campus: RCA Manufacturing Co., Camden, N. J.—July 28.;and 29. Interested in August and December E;E., H.E., P..S.E., Ch. E., Physicists, Met. E., Chemists. The Glhnn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Md.-UDate. to he announced. Interested in August ahd December A.E., M.E., C.E., E.E., P.S.E. The following companies are not scheduled to visit the campus;, however, they are interested in students for employment: . Armour & Company, Chicago, Illinois—^Interested in M.E. Sign by Wednesday, July 28. Shell Developent Company, Emeryville, California—Intei’ested in Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph. D.), Ch. E., M.E., Physicists, C.E., E.E. Sign by Wednesday, July 28. Information can he obtained, at the Personnel Office regarding em-; ployment opportunities in the Indiana State Service for: Power House Engineer Plant Maintenance Engineer Interviewer D Bacteriologist Welfare Visitor Buy War Bonds And Stamps
mmmm TODAY and TpMORROW
iiWi
P*G6'(
ARG
COOL WASHED AIR
TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY
MiHtiq ToiiiqhtOit ;Hte
— and ■
■^ALSO — "ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' )ACK, No. 5 — PLUS — CARTOON
MAIIS TODAY - TOMORROW
LUMA TODAY and t6Ml)RRQW
SHE'S THE JlERRIEST WlflOW Hi MU
PLUS —
■i.?.^rmy, Navy, Marine News
I* , i
Tuesday, July 27, 1943
For Service Meir^ By Service-Mett
page 3
ASTs Begin Softball Competitigii Nevy Contests Will Definit^y Begin On Thursday, Says 'Chief', Chvett I f ^ ' ' S» ' ‘ ' First day’s play of the AST intramural softball program saw hot competition in a number of games. Of the eleven scheduled games, three were not played while the scores of only four were turned in ^ter the contests. The results are beloww ', V , - , Navy games which were to have been begun today will begin Thursday for certain, ac- -
cording io Chief Clevett, with the regularly scheduled days for games being Tuesday and Thursday in order that V-12 men in fraternities may play with thejr groups every Mohday and Wednesday. Second night for the AST games will be Wednesday instead of Thursday as previously announced. Schedules for Wednesday’s games are not available as yet but will be Iposted as soon as possible said plevett. Scores ' Section D1—1 Section C2—0 So. Section B3—4 Section A3—3 Section A6—IS Section B5—6 Section P3—^14 Section C4—13 i ^ Soldhrs Attend Theta Openr $ House Sunday These Theta girls seem to be making friendly gestures to all the fbldiers around their vicinity. The Betas were not the only ones who were serenaded by the singing coeds. Last Wednesday night the Sigma Chi soldiers heard, listened to, and appreciated the eyening Binging of the Thetas. As true gallants, these men did not let things stop there. Instead they sent tho young ladies flowers to show the coeds how they, the soldiers, felt about the perfoi’mance. The girls reciprocated by inviting the Sigma Chi soldiers over to an open-house on Sunday afternoon from 3-6. The coeds entertained by dancing, card playing, punch and best of all more singing. So it would seem that the Theta girls are really setting the pace as to how to make friends and how to make these friends seem friendly. The soldiers are certainly getting more and more respect for the hospitality of the University in general and the Thetas specifically. May all these beginnings become precedent and lead to only best of relationships. TRY AN EXPONENT ' CLASSIFIED
Service Men Send Only First Class Mail Free By Pvt. M. West, USMC Probably the word most universally used by the men of our armed forces is the word “free”. Written in the corner of each envelope that carries out one of the millions of letters they write each day it is one of the many marks of distinction the service man has. Most of the service men stationed here receive'about two letters a day and write nearly that many. Correspondence is with the girl or girls back home, parents, relatives and buddies in the service, many of them abroad. Some of the service men have been a little doubtful as to what mail they could send free. Here ai’e a few facts to straighten them out on what can and can’t be sent without charge. First class mail only can be sent without charge. All packages, publications and anything except letters and cards must have postage on it. Several men have envelopes printed with their name and address in the corner. A written signature must be put on the envelopes in addition to the one printed. The name only is all that has to be duplicated in writing. Frequently someone forgets to put the word “free” in their own handwriting on the envelope. This is the same as not stamping it and the letter is i-eturned for postage. Air mail and special delivery letters must have postage on them. Local postal authorities say that thd amount of mail going through their office is considerably more than when civilian students were in the majority on the campus. ATTENTION All service men who have written, who desire to write or who wish to be in any way connected with the publishing or writing of this page are requested to come to the Exponent office tomorrow night, July 28, at 6:30 for a short meeting. This meeting is important.
'i4|)uBriGsh;lo
»AT
«'.%N ME fOPIEU
‘Because it is'exclusively "MY OWN’J. —blended-to-order _ right ^ before;; my e^^es to match my own skin_tone by
JksT.Think
, -w a ^ .T) ^hen'you find how^little it costs to W^t a full box,” you'll come right injj itp^iX-ior.JQMt_P^FSon[aLblendJ
1
Coi^metica
Street Floor
AST Patter By Pvt. Morris Better, ESAC H^ppy Notes Harmony, it was shown last week when the Theta girls serenaded the new occupants of Beta house, can prevail between the soldiers and the coeds on the campus—in both senses of the word. Ordinarily, such an occurrence might cause no stir—but, for the GI Betas, it was sump’rt^—no fooling! First of all, in one bold, masterful stroke the Theta girls succeeded in knocking our misgivings about coeds ihto smithereens. Finally, it exposed us to another “Iiardship”—shall we call it—of the very untraditional form of soldiering we’ve been doing at Purdue. Like the other “hardships”, it wasn’t to hard to take. Girls, wq were delighted and pleased over your good-will offering. If it’s tradition, may it survive,' if it was just a surprise performance, come back again—anck often. We like it. ' Fashion Note I Unless you’re in the Navy, the T-shirt is passe and not looked upon with :Jtivor for campus wear this season. Incidentally, the field bag makes a ’oomy GI briefcase and looks chic when worn over the left shoulder. Unsung Hero This dramatic incident recently took place in the lobby of the Servicemen’s Center in Chicago. A chap of about 20, wearing civilian clothes, had stopped at the desk to make inquiries about frain schedules. It didn’t take long before he was the butt of some joshing and ridicule from men in uniform. He appeared to be a quiet, retiring sort—^for he, apparently, wished to avoid any friction. However, he couldn’t escape defending himself from their verbal venom. It was something he perhaps pei’ferred not to talk about—but, in a few simple sentences which had an eloquence all their own, he told them he was going home to tell his mother that the ship upon which he, his father and brother were merchant seamen had been torpedoed—and that his father and brother had gone down with it. A Traveller’s Aid worker behind the desk noticed and well-remembered this incident. When the same chap re-appeared about two weeks later, she spoke to him. After a short exchange, she asked as tactfully as ^e could: “How did your mother take the news?” “My mother,” he finally mumbled after a long moment of silence during which he stared blankly at the wall before him, “died three days before I got home.’’ There was another long pause. The workei inquired sympathetically: “Well, where’are you headed for now?” '' ^ “The only place I can go—back to sea, of course.” Hit Parade Top tune of the week on the campus is “Put Your Aims Around Me, Honey”. It’s popularity is not to be credited to any wishful thinkingon the part of service men. It’s due entirely to its'recent revival in the movie “Coney Island”. Another tune—not so high this week—but, it is predicted, destined to reach the top is the following parody on “Silver Threads Among the Gold’l: Once a girl is boin a lemon, She can never be a peach. For her to change her disposition. Is something quite beyond hef reach. But, the law of compensation Is the one I always preach You can always squeeze a lemon But you can never squeeze a peach. But you can try! Odds Ends There are indications that the crisis may bo over by the end of this week. If it is, there’ll be jingle-jangle-jingle in the pockets again. Meanwhile, if it provides any consolation at all, theie is the caption over a story in last Saturday’s Lafayette Journal and Courier which read: “Treasury leports $10,000 bills growing scaice”. . . Tl^e 4-A’s who have Big Robby for physics have a treat in stoie for them when he gives his lecture on gyroscopes. . . . War news: the Allies as yet haven’t taken Mt. Etna. . . . What Gellett Burgess once said of pin pie cows is quite apropo of the dogfaces’ attitude toward MPs: “. . . I’d rather see than be one”.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ion “ of ’■qaestiont!^ Ind
answers from the Army jiooklet, “Fifty Questions and Answers on ASTP” is continued below. Maybe you’ll .find the gnswer to one tfiat’s
been bothering you.
How long is an ASTP term? An ASTP term runs 12 weeks. There is an interval of one week be-
tween terms.
How many terms are there in the
program ?
The number of terms varies for each course. There are three twelve week terms (roughly nine calendar months) in the basic phase. There are from one to four twelve week terms in the advanced phase, depending on the course of study. An exception is the medical course,
which is longer.
jllirance Deadline || |ome August Tenth Policies Insure Regular Payments In Monthly Lots, Not Lump Sum If you’ve been holding^off on the bnsifielft of getting National Service Life Insurance—or of getting your policy increased to the $10,000 maximum permitted—you’d better hprrir r»p. August 10th is the deadline on the issue of this insurance without physical examination—and you might find it harder to get
later.
And if you don’t get it, now or later, you’re missing out on a
. necessity for yourself and for The Scufftehuf
Review
your dependents — participation in a program that is at ope and the same time war insmv ance for you, a series of what are virtually pension payments
By Pvt. John M. Brown USMCR
Greetings, one and all. . . . Heed- —for at least twenty years—to yonjr
What are the basic and advanced Pjea from that shining ex- dependents in the event that you are
ample of University feminine killed in service, a fine investment pulchritude directed at the assem- opportunity, life coverage for you bled servicemen’s audience in the after you return to Civil life at terms Hall of Music Friday night, we be- no civilian company could afford, took ourselves to the Exponent of- and a disability policy—for the full
It carries througrthrfirsriiaTf of earliest possible moment, amount for which you sign up for the sophomore level. The advanced T service, phase covers academic work which now reading. Our hope is to R^tes Based On Rge
present in this column the lives and ^he entire program was conceived actions of the University section of ^^e needs «f the.average the United States Marine Corps, sei-viceman. Premiums are low, col-
emphasis on their ^o„t{jIy.(to avoid the difli-
Is an ASTP trainee pssured of lojes ambitions, and the humorous culty of your having to meet a large completing the course to which he "^t'^^tions into which a marine can quarterly or even larger semi-an-was assigned, providing he achieves always manage to maneuver either premium) and made deductible passing grades?” buddies. This is your „o„thly pay. As in ail It is expected that the soldier will fellows, and any contribu- actuarial practice, the rates move from term to term to the com- informa- based on a man’s age:—but here pletion of his course. However, all be, gratefully received. ^.j^gy uniformly lower than any trainees are subject to call to other ef week department. . . sound commercial organization can active duty at all times. At the end you hear about the happy little offer. It is sold in multiples of of every 12 week Ijerm a soldier can moron who took the step-ladder $1,000, to a maximum of $10,000.
to the md-eting because he heard The method of payment is unique.
phases of the program?
There are the two phases into which the program is divided. The basic course covers work that starts at the college freshman level.
begins at the second half of the sophomore year. In some courses the work is at the post graduate
level.
be recommended for one of the fol
lowing:
a. continuation in the ASTP.
b. assignment to OCS.
that the drinks were on the house
Instead of a lump sum, which, un-
.Oh, well, life s like that, I guess, ^jggjy handled, soon melts ,n,way, Does anyone know the cause of payments are made in monthly in-
c. assignment to Army Service that sudden increase of interest in stallments over a period of 20 years Schools. ,' the institution of marriage exhi- if the beneficiary is under 30 years d. assignment to other military bited by our Cary Hall marines, of age, or for life if the beneficiary duty. especially in the Third Platoon ? It is over 30 at the time of the beIs the trainee subject to full mili- seemes the sergeant was a little i-eavement. That ijegular income tary discipline while in an ASTP surprised at the number of inquir- can mean a good deal to your deunit? ies to to whether allotment forms pendents if you’re lost in action. Yes. However, in the classroom for A dependents could be changed Righting For Security he is primarily under the supervis- if the men concerned took that fate- mentioned it, let’s
look at that side first.
There is a war on, and we are very much in it. And onfe of the things that we’re fighting for now, and can’t gamble on, is the future se-
Speaking of embarassing mom- curity of our dependents. A lot of
(Note—the limitation on commis- gnts, have you heard about the men p^ve and many of our early sions under the ASTP by available “bearded” private of the third deck casualties in this war had—no inquotas was pointed out in Satur- ^ho told the sergeant to “Go to surance at all, either National Servday’s issue.) ^ H—’’when interrupted in his study- jee or commercial. It is not a bright
A branch in which the War De- mg by a voice from the door de- prospect,
partment has designated a need for manding that he hit the deck on the Ryf there’s a happier angle, too. men with the type of training 'the double since a fire drill was in pro- You’ll be going back to your family soldier has successfully completed gress. No doubt a case of mistaken gome day, or you’ll be setting up a under ASTP. ^ identity, but still definitely not the family of your own. You’ll think of If a soldier voluntarily accepts .^ay to “make friends and influ- insurance then, if you’re not doing
ence sergeants.” go now. But now’s the time, when Those b-e-a-t-i-f-u-1 coed sales- jfg relatively painless, and ^you’re men hit our chow line in the inter- younger—and the lower premiums
ion of academic authorities. In what military branch will the soldier receive his training? Branch immaterial—unassigned. In what branch will the soldier be commissioned if successful?
ful leap in the near future. What’s the matter, boys, does she seem too far away? .... Alas, how well we know the answer, being in the
same boat ourselves.
reduction in grade in order to enter the basic phase of tfie program and is eliminated through academic fail-
ure or any other cause, is his for- est of Exponent subscriptions Mon- i eflect that fact in a very persuasive
mer grade restored?
No.
Would he be reassigned to his original unit? . _Not necessarily. (to be continued.)
Letters
To The Fditor
day night. Boy, with beauty like manner, that plus the excellent salesmen- Insurance Convertible ship exhibited when one handed out National Service Life Insurance is free cigarettes, the subscription convertible, within one year after drive should top all expectations. taking it out, to anyone of the three
types most popular generally in civilian life; straight life, twenty-pay-
know how to fire guns; men in the ment life, or thirty-payment life— infantry are fighting units by them- and again, at premiums much lowselves but these superfiuous, ob- er than you will have to pay for noxious, supercilious, arrogant, ig- civilian insurance of the same type> norant and insane fellows who wdar From this, even soldiers without
When Pfc. Friedman wrote about that pretty air force insignia are dependents right now may well the new organization to “extinguish fit only to carry barrels of gasoline profit. Those converted policies will jealously for corps” he showed the to the men who do the fighting. have every privilege civilian policies usual arrogance to be expected Until these so called air force have; they can be borrowed on, they from the members of the Air Force, men understand just what they are will have cash values.^ Such condescension makes that supposed to do and just what place And for the disability angle— soldier even more ridiculous. Mem- they hold they will continue to act heres’ how it works: If you’re totalbers of the armed forces at large like spoiled children. ly disabled for a period of ^ix have great respect for those men But I suppose that we must be months, the government begins paywho fly and control the planes and, tolerant like a mother to a wayward ing the premiums and continues dofor those that keep these planes in child. After all talk is to them a ing so for the duration of you^' disthe air. What lis most galing is to good substitute for actually doing ability. When the insurance h$s hear these “hangers-on”, these “la- something. If we string along, per- been in effect for a year—even trine orderlies” speak of the air haps they will grow up and be men though, the government has, been force as if they actually did some- and there is even a slight chance paying the premiums—you esn conthing beside sweep out hangars or that they might become soldiers vert it to a 20 or 30 payment or orwash the planes. We respect the some day. We should help them as dinary life policy, and the govern“esprit de corps” of the Air Force much as possible even to humoring ment will continue paying right and feel that these men are making such organizations as they find through the duration of your djs.a real contribution, but like adoles- necessary to conjure up. ability—giving yoUji in effect, a fbfep
cents they feel that the Air Force is There are two rumors that we policy. '
the army, navy and marine corps all would like to get straight. It has Good Investment in one. been suggested that ratings in the Beneficiaries? Your wife, youy It might be well to remember Air Force are given by throwing child, your parent, or acting parfent, that the Air Force is no more than chevrons out the window every Sat- brother, sister, half-brother, halfan important auxiliary to the in- urday afternoon and if you happen sister—all are ^ eligible. You can fantry. You can blow hell out of ob- to be around you are a tech. sgt. change the beneficiary at will'. And jectives till you aie navy blue in the That may or may not be true. if you don’t have a beneficiary to face, but that won’t win a war. Why But more important is the rumor, name right now, it's still a darned don’t you fellows find out just what we can hardly believe it, that the good investment, and beneficiaries your place is in the scheme of total AAF is to be considered a part of have a way of growing on a man warfare arid stop thinking that you the army and that they may even once hg’ gets out into the world
are winning the war by yourselves, become soldiers. It must be only a again.
The obvious answer to the plea rumor; after all children can’t be It’s a darned good investment. A ''of jealousy is “hooey”. These prat- soldiers and these “men” do act lot of GIs think So. Hundreds of ers of the superioiity of the AAF like children trying to build them- outfits, from coast to coast, are ISS* may be likened to an ignorant child selves into something which isn’t tween 99 per cent and 100 per esnt who knews nothing but puts on a there. signed up. Look into it before it'e
great stir of excellence to fool those But we will try to be nice to too late,
stupid enough to be fooled. Jealous them, won’t we?
of what? Men in the field artillery (Signed) H.P., Cary Hall Try An ilxponeiit ClttMlSedl
HHIf <
'* yj .J^*-^«*n’
PuriiilS Exponent
' A1(
■'■^ *f . f ,V K
ti r jrf ^
Tm^y, July 27, lUS
MICHIGAN BEGINS SUMMER PRACTICE WITH 90 PROSPECTS
I'iN \S^
MADIGAN PLEASED WITH HAWKEYE SCRIMMAGE
Wolverine Gridders Madigan Waklies
FEATURED SINGER ON “WALTZ TIME”
Hold Initial Practice Although Michigan’s first 1943 football game is still eight weeks away, Coach Fritz Crisler presided over the season’s curtain hoisting yesterday when he assembled candidates to begin the four weeks of summer practice. From now on through Nov. 20, when Ohio State comes to Ann Arbor for the year’s finale, there will be a lull of only one week for Crisler’s sixth Wol- ■ verine squad. That will come Tl^ ao the final week of August when •! DCUDQuiOS the gridders are given a breather between the conclu- Tratemity Softball Thursday Eie-
ning—6.45 Diamond—
1 Acacia vs Tiiangle 2 Navy Flight 1 vs Tau Kappa
Epsilon
3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Pi Kappa Phi & Sigma Phi Epsilon 4 Tau Epsilon Phi vs A T 0 &
Sigma Kappa
Sion of summer drills and the opening of the more oithdox fall practice sessions The lattei will
stait Aug 30
Expects 90 Gridders
Michigan’s summex squad, expected to total 90 or moie, will be made up of both civilian students
and seivice men who aie stationed g Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Sig-
on the campu^ foi specialized train- Theta
mg In the lattei gioup are 1400 navy and maiine trainees to draw
from
Under Big Ten regulations, contact work such as blocking and tackling will be allowed on only six days during the four-week summer
6 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Theta
Xi
7 Theta Chi & Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Psi & Kappa Sigma 8 Beta Sigma Psi vs Lambda
Chi Alpha & Sigma Pi
9 Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kap-
practice period As a result the pop- & gigma Nu
ular attiie for the squad in most drills will be shoits and football
shoes
Schedule Starts Sept 18 During these four weeks, Crisler will lay the groundwork for the ninegame campaign ahead which gets under way at Camp Grant Sept 18 As the squad will include a number of newcomers vho have learned then football under other tutors, considerable time will be spent in schooling them in the Ciislei olfensive and defensive pattern Among the candidates expected to report—and they add up to a nucleus for a pretty fan ball club—
10 Delta Upsilon vs Navy Flight
are Capt Paul White, Elroy Hirsch, 81044
The second round of the All Campus Golf Tournament must be played off ^y Friday morning, July 30 Following are the matches to be played Championship Flight John Sines, 2875 vs Chas Lamb,
5814
J D Harrison 8286 vs H R Roberts, 66024 Red Mackey, 3076 vs Voinoff,
3076
“A” Flight Ed Wells, 4031 vs J B Feuquay,
Hawkeye Gridders In First Scrimmage IOWA CITY, July 23—Moderately pleased with what he observed during the fiist scrimmage oi University of Iowa football players. Coach “Slip” Madigan will continue with the development of the players, especially of the linemen The scrimmage came after a week and a half of drill, during which the participating youngsters have worked themselves into increasingly good physical condition Scrimmage Lasts Over An Hour For more than an hour, the players indulged in the rough contact work, trying out the sets of plays they have learned Some of the plays were worked swiftly for good gains, the speed of several backs and occasional good bits of blocking contributing to then success Dale Thompson of Ft Madison, anchor runner on his high school’s sprint relay teams which won the state titles last Maj, showed his speed, as did Howard Larson, the Anamosa all stater who has been converted from an end to a halfback Sangster Calls Signals Signals were called by Bill Sangstei Jim Hudson, Dale Luscombe, Herald Smith, and John Stewart occupied backfield spots much of the time Linemen prominent in the action included Stanley Mohibachcr, Bob Aizbeigci, Dean Don Murray, Bill Moreland, Bill Ciaiy, Wylie Mullen, and Ahmet Gokboia, guards, Gerald Pepper, center, Joe Howard, Dave Danner, Bill Cahill, and Chuck Burkett, ends
Bill Daley, Bob Nussbaumer, Bill Culligan and Len Sellingei, halfbacks, fullbacks Bob Wiese and Bob Stenberg, quarterback Jack Wink; centers Meivin Piegulman, Fred Negus and Jim Biieski, guards Ju bus Franks, Pat Boyle and George Kraegei, and ends Art Renner, Clem Bauman, Bob Hanzlik and Farnum Johnson Wolverines Back White, Wiese, Pregulman, Franks, Stenberg and Brieski all were Michigan letter winners last fall Wink, Hiiseh, Seelingei, Negus, Boyle and Hanzlik are former Wisconsin letter winners and Daley played for Minnesota Horseshoe Tourney Scheduled For Aug. 4 August 4 IS the day for the Ward Horseshoe Singles to be played Anyone living in the Wards may compete providing that he signs up for the tourney The entiy blanks are posted on the bulletin board in the men’s locker room and on the board outside the Intramural Of-
fice
All of the matches will be played on the University Couits starting at 5 15 p m Each of the three games played in a set will be 21 points The scoinig will be 3 points foi a ringer and 1 point loi the closest shoe In case the contestants can not furnish their own horse shoes, the Intiamuial department will lend sets Placement Notes For Women The Civil Service Commission at Washington, D C announces positions at the National Bureau of Standards at Washington, D C tor technical aides in quaitz crystals (Tiainees) at $1620 per year plus ovei time pay Persons inteiested in this may icceive liuthei information at Placement Seivice for Women (2955) —Lent Feldt, Diiectoi Registration Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the Ndv> Registration may obtain their checks by tailing at (he Registrar’s Of-
fice.
RALPH U. STONE, Registrar Buy War Bonds
The enchantment of a waltz by Lehar, the melocLes of Strauss and other rraltz kings, past and present, set the musical atmosphere for WLW-NBC’s distincttive “Waltz Time,” lieaid Frida>s at 9 p. m, EWT. Conti alto Evelyn ftlacGiegor (above) is a featuied soloist, together with Frank Muirn, tenor, and Abe Lyman’s Oi phestra
BasebalS Players Jo Ail Fraternities
M L Clevett, 2875 vs winner of Mansueto & Regains B Schioyer, 5849 vs Shechtei, H 81571 Laiiy LaBiee, 3076 vs Dan Guild, 3076 “B” Plight Kupchick, Nick, 6996 vs Art Woods, 4332
Important meeting ot all vaisity baseball men Wednesday, July 28, at 1 45 p m m the Fieldhouse. Pie?sc be Iheie on time —C S DOAN
All trateinities that have lost then houses, please notify the riatcinify Affaus Ofiice ol new addi esses ot houses and the iianicb ol the mcmbeis living out.
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
Ward Tennis To be played by Fiiday a m July 30 Lmblad, Bob vs H R Hoinei W E Luley vs winner of Lmblad & Horner match W A Woods vs winner of R E Rawlings & R F Luley match Dave Koehler vs J Agna M Stiutz vs Jas Ciotheis Due to the short length of time for playing this tournament off all matches must be played as scheduled No additional time will be allowed on same
In the All Campus Tennis singles, few of the matches weie played as schedule We are again allowing those signed up until Wednesday evening to lepoit the results of then matches to the Intramural Office No additional time will be gi anted on these matches R E Giey vs Knobby Walsh Jim Ciotheis vs R D Martin S E Hushman vs J M Huiwich Waiien Easley vs W Wattcis C C Claike vs R L Mayhew Howaid Shapiio vs Bob Lmblad R E Rawlings vs W J Pedei sen W A Woods vs Wdiien Mat thews R W Platt vs Goidon Gifford A C Wundei vs Ed Wells W Mai gulls vs G N Viiens A R Hoi nci vs L Holt/man R W Abbott vs F R Chambers, 4832 Health Service Reports Student Health Service has repoited the dismissal of the following patients fiom the Home Hospital Sgt J F Flee, T/5 H J Mdici, and Pvt Pazdeika Jeanne Ilowaithhas been leleased fiom the Women’s Residence Halls Infii nidi y 'lotyse L Hdipei, Jeanne HoWdith, and Jeannette ’Jiemelin en teied the WRH Infiimaiy on July 20 Andiew G Nelson enltied the Home Hospital
When Richard Brcckenudgt’o Pul)mi.iiii( made a huincd dive off Japan, a hatch jammed, but he ismirtd the oidtr to abandon the rapidly flooding conning tu\s(i iiid nmiimd lichind, desperately trying to fasten it By sutttcdmg, In, ‘-aitd vital et]uipment for his submarine and became the lir't inli-ltd mm in tlie submarine service to win the Navy Cross lie u is ndliii to ,,i\i lus lift IIow much of your income will you invest in I’lvio!! Sivm^'s'’
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
When our moitais vviic pounding Makuassy IIill neai Sidi Bu Sid in Afiica, Piivate James Kugolo of lliooltlyn, New Yoik, was one of the men bringing up the ammunition Sliiiik by shiapnel, ho kept going until he diopped, was awaided the Purjile Ileait On every battlefront men like Kugolo piess the attaek lelentlcssly, icgaidless of personal cost Are you doing enough to keep oui attack rolling through Payroll Savings t*
New Tortdre Maintain Eligibility Devices Made Rules For Students For PE I2ers
Although under recent legislation of the Western Conference, the matter of academic eligibility for candidates for athletic teams is left with member institutions, the University of Michigan will continue to lequiie of its civilian candidates for intercollegeiate teams substantially the same standard of academic accomplishment as has previously been required under Big Ten rules. A resolution to this effect has been adopted by Michigan’s Board in Control of Intercollegiate Athletics The resolution also stated “Furthermore, it is expected that the standaid of academic accomplishment required of this group of candidates will be at least as high as that required by the armed services for the men in service groups ” Eligibility Rules In turning back the eligibility question to member institutions recently, the Conference retained only two general eligibility standards (1) Candidates for teams must be legulaily enrolled students and, (2) No compensation for participation as a member of a team will be permitted The action of suspending other collierence rules is merely a wartime measiiie and is not to be legaided as a peimanent step The move was taken to piovide the widest possible oppoitunities for participation by legulaily enrolled students, under graduates and graduates a like Eligibility of seivicemen stationed at Big Ten schools for spelalized tiaining will be determined by the aimed seivices themselves Ball State College Cancels Grid Card Ball State College became the second college in the state to diop iootball iiom its in tci collegiate schedule last week Paul B Willi ims athletic dneetoi at the tcach01 s’ college, stated that the spoit would be discontinued for the duiation of the wai, following the action oi the Ball State athletic com1 iittee B ill State has had inteicollegiate teams since 1920, but i, not ceitaiii ot the tutuie In Septeinbei the boaid will meet again to decide up on the fiitui e of its basketball team
By L. L. Fountleroy “Curosity killed thq cat” is one of the older sayings but the curiosity of a good many people has been aroused by the queer structures that are taking shape out on Stuart Field In this case the consequences won’t be quit so drastic, but they certainly don’t make life any more
enjoyable
To relieve tjie minds of those interested, these new structures are merely chambers of honor being dedicated to the special interest of all PE students One of them is going to be a rope chmb, one is dedicated to the advancement of chinning and the last contraption will he a parallel over-head bar set-up. Modified Obstacle Course In other woids it is nothing but a modified obstacle course The purpose of it is to help relieve the monotony of the PE students who have to take PE out on the flats in front of the Fieldhouse Since it is rather difficult tor those instructors holding class out on Stuart Field to send then group through the obstacle course, it was decided to provide a special senes of toughening devices for these men The new stiuctuies ai’B the result ot this decision University Of Detroit Abandons Grid Sport The Univeisity of Detroit, whose Iootball teams have rated among the top-notcheis of the nation foi years, abandoned the sport for the duration today The Titans’ decision to drop football, joining the school with appioximately 200 others in the countiy which have sidelined the game until the war is over, was not unexpected in view of the aimed services’ diain on the athletes “Lack of man power” was Athletic Diiectoi Lloyd Brazil’s explanation in announcing the decision The univeisity’s athletic boaid took the action Abandonment of Iootball automatically canceled next fall’s sched iile, which included games with Maiquette, Villianova, Manhattan and Cincinnati U The athletic boaid-Aannounced that basketball, baseball and a complete intiafhuial piogiam would be retained Buy War Bbnds And Stamps
Notices
PIA Members* Picnic July 24 at 2 p m in Columbian Park Picnic dinner and swimming Call or leave message for James Penile^ 2670, or cBtty Jane Ribardy, 8471. ^PERILLE Episcolo Students Service on SunJay, July through August at the St John*s Church 6th and Ferry Sts , will start ^t 8 a m with holy communion and the morning seivice at 9 46 —THORNTON Omicron Nu Important meeting Tuesday, July 26 at 4 p m in the Home Economics building Officers will be elected Be there.
—BEALL
Staff Members Members who wish copies of the new catalogue may get them by telephoning the editois office or calling in person —BODDEN Kappa Delta Pi Initiation will be Tuesday night July 27 in room 106 of the Education Building at 7 30 Alumni members are invited —JOHNSON Delta Rho Kappa Meeting Tuesday, July 27 at 6 p m in room 303 of the Union. New peldgGS be sure to be theie
—LEVIN
Aeromodelers. There will be a very important meeting on Wednesday night July 28 at 7 30 in loom 80 of /the Union Final plans f6r Sunday b contest to be discussed.
—QUINN
Pan Hellenic Council Meeting Tuesday, July 27 at 4 p m in room 212 of the Union Two memberb from each house should be piesent Important! —FRIER Alpha Phi Omega Meeting of all actives Wednesday night at 7 sharp in room 307 of the Union —SHIDELER Gimlet Actives Meeting at the Pi Kappa Alpha house Wednesday July 28 at 7 30 p m —Wendell All rraternities Any fraternity that has given up its house for the duration and would like to use the Student Senate office for chaptei metings should get in todch with A1 Lindskoog at 2963 —LINDSKOOG PCS Senior banquet Friday July 30th See Bryant or Fox toi tickets or call 8413, room 264 for reservations —HUFF Kappa Delta Rho Meeting will be held Wednesday July 28 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union —EBLING Chi Epsilon Meeting will be held Tuesday July 27 it 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union —EBLING Skull and Crescent Important meeting will be held m room 302 of the Union on Thursday July 29 at 7 30 p m All who plan to attend picnic be sure to colne
-KLEIN
Purdue Pla>ers Election of officers will be held Friday July 30 at 4 p m in the PI lyiihop office —GRAY Ireshman Engineers Students in GE 1 and GE 2 will meet Saturday July 31 at S a m in loom 129 ol the Electrical Engineeiing building freshman engineers who are not le^iateied in GE 1 and GE 2 are urged to attend this meeting Plans for stmi teim and other important items will be explained —KNAPP Mortar Board Meeting at 4 30 Wednesd ly afternoon in room 305 of the Union
—LAUER
Gold Pepper Meeting at 5 Wednesday iftcinoon in room 306 of the Union - MacDONALD
I Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macnines, all make, sold reitted repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoft, 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds, watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert’s Loan Office 407 Columbia
Try An Exponent Classified!
She Wanted . ANN, A I'l
'J4NG THE War!
H!C WAVES
PIE FIR^/HOMPI AT4 COLLEGE TRAlNm SCHOOL ANOAHN fG 6ETriW6 INTO rue REAL6WIM6 OFNAW LIPEAMP LE/fRNING NAVV TRADITIONS & R£6ULATI0I'Jil
\^60LLV!m$B I '' L J OM{OqPORMITOR/B$< M M ! k'LO, P£G,' \ AR£ ^ COMFY y I L? i oF0£rrm b i almost, 1 ALLgiJlRHE/lD5\TOR6ETWERF AUr LAUDBfiS-l IMIXE NAVY-' 1.—V'i[ Dow; ACt PORTS
JLIkXTFKS IP£A OF A BU6LE AMP KBEPme TO A MILITARY SCWTDULTpoN'T you. AMN?
"I SURE P0,PE6! [BUT WE BETTER )PIPE POWN ANDy l6ET4L0M6TO /BRBARFAST-I MEAM MESS.'
AND AFTER BREARFAST’THE ROUTIME PAY BE6/NS-SrUDIES ‘•CLA^^ES-PRILL "SPORTS £kI Am KEEPS BUSYlEARN/NGf
FOLLOW Am MH£RMWNTOm MW£WA\HLS!mUB COMm!
1 V.