1
M'
i
•Mk
I
Thia Newspaper is PubHslied Each Momiag OL By, oz^ For Students of Purdue UnSvendty
Purdue Exponent
December 14.1937 Lafayette, IndfcuMi VOL 49 No. 77
Juniors, Seniors isllot In Union Lobby Today
Boilermakers Continue Victory March By Downing Xavier, 56-32
Continuing on their blazing trail of victory, paced by Gene Andereon, who scored eight field goals, find dismaying their usual racehorse style of basketball, Coacji Lambert’s proteges ran away from a bewildered Xavier quintet last night in the new Fieldhouse aniLrolled up a score of !^6 to 32 before the final
gun sounded.
Acting Captain Johnny Sines'started off festivities in the first two minutes of play by sinking a field goal, and his teammates added to that initialmarker in such a manner that the JfuskjBteers couldn’t come close to threatening at any time during the rest of the game.
Past Action
Past, wild actioi^ marked the entire contest except for a few brief lulls. At many times the fans^ roared their excitement as the twe squads came together to fight for ithe ball in a manner that closely resembled a free-for-all wrestling
bout.
Reminiscent of the Indiana State game Saturday, “Piggy” put in an entire new team in the last seven minutes of play which marked up 12 points to finish the contest in the typical Boilermaker fashion. The “point-a-minute” style is even more apparent this year than ever, because of the smooth, baffling ball handling exhibited by the men who took the floor wearing white suits for Purdue.
Summary:
Purdue (56)
FG F
„P
Sines, f
3 2
2
Hutt, f
2 1
0
Young, f
7 0
1
Zink, f
0 0
1
Anderson, c ...
8 0
1
Fisher, c
2 0
0
Dickinson, g .
0 0
0
Malaska, g
1 1
1
Beretta, g
1 1
1
Yeager ,g ....
1 1
0
Lyboult, g
0 p
0
Totals
25 6
8
Xavier (32)
FG F
P
Doiiovan, f
1 0
1
Weiler, f
3 0
0
Neary, f
2 0
0
Puttman, f
2 1
2
Geselbracht, c
1 0
2
Kucia, c ,....
2 0
1
Howe, g
2 1
0
Carrol, g
0 0
i
McEvoy, g
2 0
1
Totals
16 2
8
Officials — Referee, Schommer, Chicago; umpire, Nipper, Butler.
Dr. R. K. Bernhard To Address Joint
CIO, AFL Members
I i
Discuss Unions At PSA Labor Meeting
Two representatives of national
labor movements, the Committee for Industrial Organization and the American Federation of Labor, set forth the merits of their parties
last night in Fowler Hall. The speakers of the evening ob-
tained through the efforts of the Purdue Student Alliance, were Woodruff Randolph of the CIO, and Hugh Gormley of the AP of L, who held the spectators’ attention with
the sincerity of their speeches.
Describes CIO’s Exit
Randolph, who was the first'speaker, retold the reason, along with the description of his party, why the CIO withdrew from AF of L. Emphatically he said that the AF of L had taken measures to run unions through an undemocratic routine to remain in good standing with its members. He claimed that the scheme was unconstitutional to that
of the AF of L’s charter.
Gorml|ey, instead of describing his party, replied to Randolph’s speech that the CIO was not consistent with its policies. He cited many actions of members of the latter organization to prove his
point.
Audience Snickers Rhetorically using “Them” and pounding an imaginary table-which brought snickers from his audience, Gormley spoke with pride of his party and its attributes. He said that the prime purpose of the party is to extend the welfare of the “Toiler.” A heated discussion followed the speakers who, in turn, were introduced by Dr. J. A. Estey, of the University history, economics, and government department.
ASME, ASCE Meet
Dr. Rudolf K. Bernhard, engineer and consultant for the Bald-win-Southwark >Corpora'tion, will speak on “Dynamic Tests By Means of Ipduced Vibrations” before a joint meeting of student branches of ASCE and ASME in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building today at 4 p. m. Dr. Bernhard’s career has been devoted largely to bridge design, part of which was spent as chief engineer of bridges for the German national railways. During the past ten ' years Dr. Bernhard has had numerous articles in German and American magazines upon various phases of dynamic testing, as applied to structures, models, and materials.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Cloudy, l ain or sngw in south portion Tuesday, Wednesday, considerable cloudiness, not much change. Local temperatures: 7 p. m. Sunday to 7 p. m. Monday: High, 25; low, 21; mean, 23. ,
Freshmen To Hear Sanitation Lecture
Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the University staff, will lecture to the battery commanders, first sergeants, and freshmen .of the third and fourth regiments, today in Eliza Fowler Hall in the same formation that was assumed last week. Dr. Eastwood will lecture on “Military Sanitation.” This lecture is one of a series given by Dr. Eastwood and Dr. S. J. Miller,'also of the University staff. Thursday the corresponding personnel of the first and second regiments will form in Eliza Fowler Hall to hear the same lecture by Dr.., Eastwood. Students other than those in Fowler Hall will form in the Armory at 11 a. m., where the juniors will have charge of the batteries.
Prof. Gregory Elected To Nat'l Dairy Board At the annual meeting of the National Dairy Association held recently at the Palmer House, Chicago, Professor H. W. Gregory was elected to the board of directors. It was also decided to hold thp 1988 National Dairy S}iow in Colujnbps,'0.
Be Sensible Today...
(An Editorial) .... Prom-Gala Week politicians and voters. Don’t do anything in the excitement of elections which you may later regret. Drive especially carefully today in hauling voters to and from the polls. Students will be driving automobiles today who are not expert nt that operation . . . automobiles not their own, which they are not accustomed to handling. Ice and snow make the streets dangerously slippery. Add to these conditions a preoccupation of the drivers’ minds on vote-getting and you have a hazardous combination. Today’^ elections are important. Victory in them is worth a good day’s work in campaigning. But is a victory in ballotting worth a loss in life or in use of limb? Use the old rule of “counting ten” today before committing; any rash action. Next year, or the year after, campus politics will seem somewhat trivial in nature ... not at all worth losing friends or making enemies over. So, go into the campaign and work hard, but don’t do anything that will cost you in friendship ex' in self-re-spect. Forget as much as possible the rivalry of campus politics tomorrow. Again, we ask juniors and seniors, and any other students concerned, to be sensible during today’s elections.
President Elliott To Attend H, G. Leslie^ Funeral^ New York Archives Meeting
President E. C. Elliott will attend the funeral of his old friend, Harry G. Leslie, Purdue graduate and former governor of Indiana, in Indianapolis today.
After the funeral, he will leave for New York, where, on Wednesday night, he will speak at the opening of the World Center for Women’s Archives, an organization whose purpose is to collect mementos of prominent women. On behalf of the University, President Elliott will present the Center with the log, charts, and map and manuscript for the book “Last Flight” belonging to Amelia Earhart. As special advisor for the Staff of Regents, Dr. Elliott, while in New York, will also attend a meeting of the Staff, which is making an inquiry into the public education system in New York. Enroute home Saturday, he will stop at Indianapolis to attend a meeting of the state committee on Rhode3 Scholarships, of which he is chairman.
Cadet Officers Hold Gala Lunch Today
Santa Claus, bearing appropriate' gifts, will be present at the biggest Cadet Officers’ luncheon of the year to be given at noon today. The deans of all the University departments have been invited. Besides the presentation of gifts to the outstanding guests, all the officers new to the Corps this year will be introduced. A full round of entertainmer^t is planned. Tickets for this gala Christmas luncheon will be on sale at the door of the Union ballroom’.
Sfafe Millers Will Meef Here Friday
Members of the Indiana Millers’ State Association will confer with University authorities here Friday concerning the milling industry and use of Indiana flour in a 4-H Club baking project. Speakers booked by the millers include Dean J. H. Skinner, head of agricultural work at the University; Dr. Z. M. Smith, state leader of 4-H club work; Miss Edna Troth, assistant state 4H club leader; T. R. Johnston, director of information for the University; and Dr. H. E. Kriaybill, state chemist. A tour of University experimental ig^rfttorie^ will folfo'w f4j^e meeting, which will begin at 11 o’clock.
Busy Man
President E. C. Elliott
Politics Rules 4s Phones Buzz^ Threats Arise By The Roving Reporter
“Pirofessional Politics,” a burly, iron-fisted he-man, stomped swinging onto the University campus yesterday to shove "menial labors, such as studying, far into a neutral corner. By early evening he had co-eds adither and eds a-shiver ... with his threats and boisterousness. Three political parties, gnashing teeth at each other, pulling each other’s tails, and straining at their leashes, awaited the fatef^ Prom elections of today and added to the general uproar. 1 Kappas Make (^alls In one comer the Square Dealers had the Kappa girls buzzing away at the telephones while innocent listeners on the other end heard a cheery, “Good evening. The time is 6:45. Tomorrow between 7:30 and 5:30 is the time to vote. Thank you. Square Deal Party Calling.” Then at the basketball game the “All-Campus” gang came along with a masquerade on the Square Dealers, vowing, to give away 5,000 tickets and have the Pi*om in the Fieldhouse with two floors. Their paradej was uneventful but BonaFide’s, following close behind Avith a large banner, met disaster when some- rowdies tore down the banner and threatened to toss the bearers up into the bleacher seats. Warnings such as the one received by the Kappa girls said, “better not go around sticking your nose into other people’s business.” Ym, “Old Polly-tics” is here for a 4fty ... he hotter im for tomorow holl dte.
Prom-Gala Week Voting Lasts From 7:30 To 5:30
Election Rules 1. Voting will last from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. 2. Passports must be presented when voting. 3. Open campaigning at the polls will not be allowed. From 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. today, in the lobbyof the Memorial Union Building, juniors and sjeniors will take part in one of the most publicized and probably the most hotly contested Prom and Gala Week elections ever launched on this
campus.
Offering juniors 21 candidates for Prom to choose from, the aspirants are, however, split into three factions new to the campus—^the All-Campus, Bona-Fide, and Square Deal parties. Seniors will make their choice from 16 Gala Week candi-dates—All-Campus having four in their party, Bona-Fide and Square Deal six each.
Stewart To Lead Group Singing At Yuletide Convo
Under the baton of Music Director Albert Stewart, the University choir and spectators will sing Christmas carols at Fowler Hall tonight at 8 o’clock. Following the entrance of the 160-voice organization, singing ‘‘Hark, The Herald Angels Sing,” the group will sing a program of Yuletide songs. “A Christmas Choralogue,” written by a California composer, W. B. Olds, will be sung by the choir, as a background to a Christmas story to be read by Robert Horn, of the speech department. Fifth Program This, the fifth annual Christmas program, will include singing by the audience of “O, Little Town of Bethlehem,” “Come All Ye Faithful,” “It Came Upon a Midnight Clear,” and “Joy to the World.” The convocation, which is not to be more than an hour in length, is open to students, faculty and townspeople. After the convocation, the chorus, glee club, and orchestra will sing carols in Lafayette and West Lafayette. Co-eds will have 12 o’clock hours by special permission of the WSGA.
Dave Thompson To Preside Over Pontiac's Show
Dave Thompson, student master of ceremonies on the local Poptiac sponsored Varsity Show, which was presented October 8, is one of the 15 midwestern and southern undergraduates ’selected for the Intercollegiate Varsity Show to be broadcast from Chicago on Christmas Eve.
Five universities, Purdue, Indiana, Tulane, Southexm Methodist and Michigan State, will be represented on the special half-hour show, which will be heard over the NBC-Blue Network at 9 p. m. EST. Choose Thompson Thompson, whose wisecracks and impersonations made a big hit on the University show, won his place on the intercollegiate show through a poll of 360 radio editors. Other performers selected were: Tulane’s Doris Luff, soprano, and a male quartet; Michigan State’s Ed Osborne, “hot organist; Indiana’s Dick Haskett, announcer; a girl’s trio, and Hal Lieber, popular singer; Southern Methodist’s Barney McGrath, impersonatoi* and master of ceremonies; Henry King, baritone, and Frank Malope, bapi4 leader.
Make Final Appeals All three pai-ties issued a final appeal and-'promise last night. All-Campus: Gala Week, Fay Pendergrass: “If we’re elected, we’ll give the seniors a bigger and better Gala Week.” Prom, Bob Sasser: “We feel sure, after careful consideration of the personnel of all parties, that the campus will go—All-Campus.” ^ Bona-Fide: Gala Week, Jean Perkins: “Seniors, we want this Gala Week to be your week; our aim is to satisfy you.” Prom, Bill Millholland: “We have submitted a platform which we consider best suited to the taste of the junior class, making a prom by the juniors in honor of the seniors—^remember, Bona-Fide will satisfy.”
Square Deal: Gala Week, Jean Small: “I feel that our platform will give the seniors an opportunity to choose the type of Gala Week they want.” Prom, Tommy Garland: “On the eve of election, we’re confident the class of ’39 will face the issue without prejudice—give yourself a “Square Deal!” Obey Rules Student Senate Prexy Dan Rohyans also said last night, “I wish to ask the political parties to cooperate and not violate the campaign regulations at the polls.” Voting will be facilitated by two lines—one for juniors, another for seniors. Ballots will be colored the same as the passports of the class for which the ballots will be used. To speed up the voting, there will be squares opposite both the party and the individual candidates so that students may vote a straight or split ticket.
/)r. Miller Warns Students About Winter Kissing
Editor's Note: This is the third of a series of articles based oo iaterviews with Dr. S. J. Idiller, director of the Student Health Service, concemintr health precaultians ihirinsr winter weather.
“What’s this we hear about cold weather kissing being dangerous. Doc?” we plopped ourselves down on a hospital cot in Dr. Miller’s office yesterday afternoon and threw the question at him challengingly. “Say it can’t he true.” “That’s right,” Doc replied without looking away from jabbing a needle into the arm of an innocent looking freshman. “Kissing is especially daqgero'us in winter weather when, many students are suffering from colds and other respiratory diseases.” Directly Transmitted “Colds ax'e transfered hy direct and indirect tr^smission,” he cfHatinued, ‘Vd direct traipimUisiau ia (flftwliiiuiid on page 4)1. ? ^ »- •U^>* '
n
THE PUBDUE .EXPONENT
Letters to the Editor
Discard Dirty Politics
Dear Editor: t, txProm politics, are, or should be, a lot of fun for everybody. Pohticanmg by means of sandwich signs and placards at last night’s basketball game was all right. However, dirty Prom politics are not all right. No attempt was made at molesting standard bearers for one of ,the parties which participated in last night's sign parade, but Bona-Fide sign carriers were seized and their standard torn by certain prominent Purdue athletes, representative of another party.
This othei paity could make no more obMous announcement of their belief in their inability to win without resorting to foul means than by doing this, and besides, it must have looked like hell to any visitors at last night’s game. J. F. Coffee, CE ’39
2,000 For Prom
Dear Editoi: With respect to Mr. Reeves’ letter published in Fnday’s Exponent, I would like to point out that there were very nearly the same number of juniors and seniors in school last year as this year. There was no restriction placed on the number of upperclassmen who could apply for tickets and go to Prom last year, and yet only 566 persons purchased tickets.
If 2,000 bids are sold, Prom will become an oversized mixer with the freshmen and sophomores in the majority. Then, too, 2,000 couples means that approximately 1,200 to 1,400 girls will have to be imported. Could rooming facilities be found for this vast number, and are there 1,200 students financially able to bear the expense of importing a date ?
There are no spacious lounges in the Fieldhouse; neither are there any grills or sweet shops for refreshment purposes, and what about acoustics in the Fieldhouse ?
Have you considered these points, Mr. Reeves? J. M. Ciborski, ChE ’39
Curb Campaigning
Dear Editor:
Do you think it is right for the buildings of Purdue University to be used for political campaigning? This morning I noticed the doors of several of the buildings on our campus plastered with stickers advocating a certain Prom Committee. How do we know that in the future when we walk on the campus we will not see this party’s flag flying over John Purdue’s grave ? This desecration of our campus and its buildings should be definitely stopped by our Student Senate. Prom the looks of the telephone poles and trees in West Lafayette a person would get the impression that our coming election is a national one. Will the party that put up these cards take them down, oi will they leave it to the weather ? R. J. Kurtz, Pharm. ’39
By Mary Cooley Different parts of the brain “shut down for the night” ahead of others when you fall asleep. If your brain were electiically lighted it would look like the successive winking out of lights in an office building. Five scientists, two of them from Harvard University, made this recent discovery by means of electrical tests. Pea-sized electrodes pasted to the head picked up the faint electrical curents which flow from the head.
When one part of the brain went to sleep, the fact was apparent by a drop in the amount of electricity coming from that part of the brain. And when deep sleep came, the cur rents were reduced to a mere trickle.
These electrical changes showed up at the point when the would-be sleeper felt the familiar “floating” sensation.
President Charles Seymour of Yale University warned American universities recently not to make liberal colleges merely schools of contemporary social science. In speaking before the Association of American Universities at Brown University, he urged that col^ges avoid developing departments of economics and politics at the expense of philosophy and literature.
“I know of no evidence to indicate that a man will make a better secretary of the interior, or a better collector of customs, or a better citizen, as a result of having concentrated upon the study of government than if he had concentrated on the Greek and Latin classics,” he said.
Vote For Square Deal
Dear Editor: In consideration, point for point, of the platforms offered by the three Gala Week committees, I wish to say that the Square Deal Party proposes the most constructive progiam. Not only does it embody the major promises of the others, but it gives the most attention to the preferences of the seniors who are primarily concerned with the last few weeks of this school year. Too often in the past Gala Week has been a festival planned by a few persons withou consulting the ma-
“Cramming students with facts isn’t enough . . . The aim of education is to produce men and women who will have character as well as information and be a genuine asset to the society in which they live.” Dr. R. Wayne Gardner, vicepresident of Northwest Nazarene College believes a higher education should develop a student’s character as well as his mind.
jority. The Square Deal welcomes any questions from all and any seniors. This seems to be their first opportunity to be pleased, and they can arrange for their entire satisfaction by electing the one party that is considering their wishes.
Gala Week is an important part of the senior year; however, in former years some seniors have not remained at college for the event because of its unimportance to them. It is necessary for Gala Week to be really entertaining; it is necessary that it be managed with care. I feel that Gala Week can best be left in the capable hands of The Square Deal Party.
Margaret Douglas, HE ’38
AUTO BODY SHOP Complete Body, Fender Repairing and Wrecker Service Top Trimming, Woodwork, Wheels and Axles Straightened Welding R. M. Thoennes and Chas. Harrington, Props. 421-23 North Third St. Res. Phones 7793 and 76864
ENGLISH
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat., Dec. 16-17-18 I Bargain Matinee Sat.
INDIANAPOLIS THE LAUGH HIT EVERYBODY LOVES
COLLEQE COMEDY
This Company Played 308 Times in New York Eves.: 55c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20 SEATS Sat. Mat.: 55c, $1.10, $1.65 Incl. Tax NOW
By Sally McKee Soup has often beert the subject of laughter; to many it may the cause of tears. For what is more humiliating than a drop from your soup which falls on its trip to your mouth. Much less often than formerly is soup a part of every dinner, but it still IS often there; in fact we’re personally for its frequent appearance. But infrequency doesn’t help the matter very much, so how to eat soup is important. Always dip away from you—-rule one. Never take a brimming spoonful; a spoon just scant of full is best. This, you see, avoids spilling. For that drop in the bottom of the spoon a touch on the bowl’s- edge will help. And what of bowls with handles ? They’re to be used of course, the handles, that is. They wouldn’t have been put there if the hostess who uses them hadn’t expected you to lift the bowl to your lips and drink —^at least aftei a certain stage m consumption.
Gordon EndersTo
Grant Interviews
Gordon B. Enders, foreign advisor to the grand llama of Tibet and the author of the best seller “Nowhere Else m the World,” who will speak here at the annual All-Science Banquet Thursday, will grant personal interviews to students tomorrow from 10 a. m. till noon. Arrangements for interviews may be made by calling Bud Taylor, Union vicepresident, at 5058. Enders will arrive here this afternoon at 4 o’clock. From 7 till 9 he will be in the main lounge of the Union to speak informally with all students who wish to meet him.
We say that he has been prematurely opening our mail. The plans for Prqm which he has submitted are our own in. all but the most trifling details. Consequently, ve have instigated damage suits against him, in vary amounts, on all counts from one to ten.
Tomoirow he will give personal interviews in the morning, and in the afternoon, from 1 to 3, he will be present at a second informal discussion in the main lounge of the Union. His plans for Thursday, Friday and Saturday have not yet been announced.
Mr. B and B Editor mentioned several fairly well known bands which he deemed of sufficient excellence to play in different nooks and niches about the campus. And among them he selected Paul Whiteman’s organization, which he proposed to have furnish music for dancing in the Memorial Union Building’s telephone booths. We had given this same matter our very careful consideration for the past few weeks; however, we came to the conclusion that such a procedure would be unsatisfactory to the greater number of those students attending Prom, since the floors of the phone booths are not well suited for dancing. In addition the acoustics is lousy.
In fairness to the big shot,, Mr. BB Editor, we must admit his tunnel and subway to the airport were not a part of our original scheme. The Square Deal party had, however, made arrangements to have both the beacon and the fujl moon transferred to Stuart Field for the duration of the Prom. To us, this still seems simpler and more economical. Those two factors—simplicity and economy—form the keynote of oui program. Neither do we profess to have a working capital of $500,000. If we had a capital of $500,000 we would
HAYS lEWELHY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
GREYHOUND
D o YOUR traveling over the holidays by Qreyhound. As Santa Claus says, “Greyhound goes everywhere in America
—and the right crowd goes along.” And
why wouldn’t they! It would cost three times as much to drive your own car. Take a Mer^ Christmas trip bv Greyhound Super-Coach—at a happy savn-g!
ROUND TRIP FARES NEW YORK $24.30
UNION BUS STATION 5 th and Ferry Phone 2105 Lafayette, Indiana
CHICAGO 3.55 CLEVELAND 10.45 PITTSBURGH .... 12.95 DETROIT 9.45 BUFFALO 15.85 BOSTON 28.25 ST. LOUIS 9.00 WASHINGTON .. 20.70
Tuesday, December 14, 1937
GRIN AND BEAR ff
By Lichty
Dear B and B Editor: The other three readers of Bold and Black in Sunday’s Exponent, must have noticed the Prom plans advanced by that enterprising impresario, the editor of the column. We of the Square Deal Party now have a double duty to perform: first to defend ourselves; and second, to expose this marauding artist of steam jet and envelope flap so that he may not prey upon others.
“That last payment on the car puts us completely out of debt—we don’t owe a thing except the doctor and dentist!”
not be working. That is one reason we long ago discarded the idea of expensive, elaborately decorated programs. Another reason is that platinumradium programs embossed in gold and silver would be too heavy for one couple to carry, unless the couple enjoyed truckin’. Instead, The Square Deal Party Promises Purely Portable Prom Programs. Mac Shehanodjwicz.
Dear Square Deal Party: Unruffle your feathers, plea^. Your party was not even in our mind when we formulated what we thought to be a rather preposterous but nevertheless funny Prom platform. In our purely non-partisan man-
TODAY — TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS Based on the life and loves of STEPHEN COLLINS FOSTER
‘HARMONY LANE”
Douglass Montgomery Evelyn Venable
ner, we look upon Prom elections as a big joke . . . and if any one can prove to us that they are not, We will step aside and pay homage to superior intelligence. Permit us to offer this bit of fathqrly advice: Don’t take seriously anything in this column . . . it’s all written in the hope of promoting good clean fun , . . for God knows therg’s little enough of it here at Purdue.
We see no harm .. . hear no harm . . . and write no harm ... we h<^>e. If we have hurt you, we apologize humbly and ask your forgiveness, for there are others in addition to your party, who intimate that we know not what we do.
Megkly yours. The Editor.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
step
“•.I' h -I'*’
REX LEESE in “SILVER TRAIL”
THUR. — FRI. — SAT. RICARDO CORTEZ in “THE CALIFORNIAN”
HELEN MACK
“You Can’t Buy Luck” “DICKli^ACY” NN
Lll^
TODAY - WEDNESDAY It’s Fast!
It’s Funny!
It’s Fresh!
“It’s LOVE I’m After”
UADfS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
PLUS Pete Smith NoveltyiPIHPi!IPiPPP9PP«9Pfl|9f
. /
Tt|4fts<idy<.rDeopii|b6r. 14» ^$37
Netmen Face Detroit In Third Game Tomorrow Purdue’^ quintet will play their third game of a strenuous five days tomorrow night when they meet the Detroit University squad in the Fieldhouse.
At 7:30 this newcohier to Purdue’s sport’s opposition will exhibit what they have in the way of basketball prowess, with which their records show they have been endowed in the past. Like the Indiana State Teachers,’ combination, the Detroiters are a rangy crew. They are built around a pair of senior forwards. Captain Chet Laske and.Ernie .Kolibar. Coach Lambert’s charges will then lay off for a two-day breather, before they strike their fast pace again for another three games in five days against DePaul, Loyola, and Denver on December 18, 20, and 22, respectively.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ^ AbVERTISERS
Intrctmiurals
BASKETBALL -^Toiilay—' , , , COURT 1—Igney, referee. 7:00—SAE vs. Triangle. 7:15—Ward IIC vs. Ward 17X. 8:26—Ward lOX vs. Ward 9. 8:40.—Cary Hall 3 vs. Ward 11.
COURT 2-
7 7 8
■Persbnett, referee.
00_Ward IIX vs^ Ward 13B. 15_^Ward 7 vsl'Ward llB. 25—Ward 3 vs. Ward 12X.
COURT 3—Spehn, referee. 7:00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 13A. 7:16—^Ward 8 vs. Cary Hall 5. 8:26—^Ward 10 vs. Ward 11 A.
WE THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATRONAGE AND WISH EVERYONE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY CO. 220 N. 3rd Street
Whether you’re looking for something unusual for a suburban commuter, or some luckier some one who will soon be off to the sunny isles of the Caribbean we have just the gift sure to ^ase. Drop in today and look ^ound; we’re sure you’ll get many ideas from our complete selectiojn.
Zipper Fastened BRIEF O CASES
up
All-Leather
TOILET KITS ... Pin Seal
BILL
FOLD....
$3.50
up
'up
LETTER CASES $1.00 up PULLMA SLIPPERS $4.00 BRUSH SETS $3.50 up Gift Wrapped Pree of Charge
518-20 [Main St.
DECKER’S “GIFTS OF DISTINCTION”
Phone 6477
rm POBDUE EXPONENT
Greek Swimmers Race Tonigtht In Fieldhouse Pool With the close of the touchball season, interfraternity swimming makes its appearance. Toqight at 7:00 all local fraternity swimmers will display their ability in the new Fieldhouse pool. Eight, events are scheduled ■ and will be run off as follows: Medley relay (three men: >50-yard back stroke, 50-yard breast stroke, and 50-yard crawl), 50 yard free style, '200-yard breast stroke, 100 yard free style, 150 yard back stroke, fancy diving (four optional and four required), 200 yard free style, and 200 yard relay (four men). One change has been made in the rules this year which limits the number of events to three for any one man. This includes the relays. As before ,a team trophy and medals will beyawarded.
Following men are ineligible for comipetition in Ii^tramural swimming meets during 1937-1938. R. E. Armstrong W. D. Lahey
E. D. Carr G. Craig J. H. Jacobi
G. Tredwell J. R. "Vandelester G. H. Kerber L. W. LaBree, " Swimming Coach.
Wresflers Open Schedule With 6-2 Loss TdWheaton . Boilermaker wrestling activities were renewed after a seven-year lapse Saturday, when Coach Reeck’s squad lost to Wheaton College, at Wheaton, 111., six matches to two. Hoffman got the only fall for Purdue when he pinned Pett, captain of the Wheaton squad, in 47 seconds in the 146 pound division. The other Boilermaker victory was by Timm’s decision over Hess in thd 135 pound class. Wheaton won five of its six matches on falls, with the other going to a decision. Supimary: 118 lb.—Shiroma (W) won over Dawson (P) on a fall. 126 lb.—Schoon (W) won over Sieber (P) on a fall. 135 lb.-^Timms (P) won over Hess (W) on a decision. 146 Ib^—Hoffman (P) won over Pett (W) on a fall. 166 lb.—Prame ("W) won over Tyrell (P) on a fall. 165 lb.—^Berghouse (W) won over Gossard (P) on a fall. 175 lb.—^Taylor (W) won over Klika (P) on a decision. ^ Heavyweight—Hansen (W) won over Pratt (P) on a fall. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
WE WISH ALL OF YOU A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR Don't forget to stop in before going home to get that little gift for mother, dad or sweetheart. LODDE’S 419 Main Street
Second Round Bonis in Golden GiovM Tourney Scheduled For Thursday Second round battles in Purdue’s Golden Gloves elimination bouts will be fought Thursday night at 7:30 in the new Fieldhouse. The fights will bring together the boxers of seven weights in three round bouts for the right to represent the University in the Lafayette tournament. Last Friday’s first round matches brought out plenty of. action with two knockouts and several close fights. The schedule of matches follows: 112 Pounds Modesitt vs. Armenoff. 118 Pounds Wilkerson vs. Franklin. 126 Pounds Hardesty vs. Murphy. 135 Pounds Mulholland vs. Dix. Wacks vs. Rosenberg 147 Pounds Sterns vs. Woodhull. Keffaber vs. Errickson. 160 Pounds Smithson vs. O’Connor. Badet vs. Lyles or Dilts. 175 Pounds Grab vs. Lyles or Dilts.
Swordsmen Defeated In First Meet In a match against the Air Corps Technical School of Chanute field, Rantoul, 111., last Saturday, the Pardue fencing team lost 8-9. The match was a heartbreaker for Purdue because the winner was not decided until tHe final touch:. The score was tied until the final sabre bout was fenced. The main thing about the meet was the evenness of scoring. Membters of the Learn said that the match was the best that they had ever been in, or had ever seen. One contributing factor to the defeat of Purdue was the fact that two of the Rantoul men were graduates of West Point. The scores of the different sections of the fencing team were: epee team, won one, lost threerfoil team, won six, lost three; saber team, won one, lost three. Over the holidays the fencing squad will travel eastward where they will meet City College of New rk. New York University, and St. 'Johns College.
FOOTPRINTS in the Sands of Time Go Barefoot and Buy a Whatch From
Richard J. Bath 605 Main Street Phone 6377 Lafayette, Ind.
YGUR LAUNDRY’S
i
BACK...
Needs No Breaking In!
$9-50 Most Styles
Exclusive Flofsheim “Ped-Flex” construction brings you “house-slipper” comfort in a smart street shoe. No breaking-in is needed in this smart medium custom style.
Whether it^s sent collect or prepaid, your laundry always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—the^favorite laundry route of generations of,college _men and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery —just 'phone nearest Railway Express office. 9 S. Second Sf. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
412 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
Railwa
NATiON-WIDE SAIL-AIR SERVICE
• l|Ue43S At)|
• j0Aui|9s Ainyi • UOSdUIOlU, »AtQ • |uni|i|jej aos|9|4 • ttuRi»pue4 A«j
}l3iM V1V9 NiJJLBfl
Aiavd sndwvj-nv 3hi
— 310A““
3NVS 39
3J.OA nOA N3HM —AVOOX AlTVOidSa ^
--iav3H unoA NO aNVis iNoa
vm •
ttosayf Aips • Mt«g |MW;| • ptwiNPIM • Ytond HULUimsmmm
iy
i
Dr. Miner Warns--(Continued from p*ge 1)
by far the sorest way of spreading diseaae.” “Even a student who is not sick may transmit a cold to another student through kissing,” Doc turned abruptly toward us. “The reason for ttiis is that he may have diseasecausing germs in his throat from which his high resistance or immunity have protected him, but to which the person he kisses may be susceptible.” Doc, of course, realizes the hopelessness of trying to control kissing, but he Advises University students to “pet and kiss intelligently.” He lays down three “cardinal piinciples” to follow in petting: 1. Don’t kiss anybody who is sick and don’t let anybody kiss you when you are sick. (In other words don’t kiss first and ask questions afterward). 2 For those (who are well it is advisable to use moutl^wash before and after “necking,” Proper use of mouth wash depends more on how long you hold it than on the brand. (The same goes for kissing). 3. Come up once in a whale for air; don’t prolong kisses. (Winter motto* we’re for shorter, but more kisses.)
—BplWA|lD — I bag containing Dietegen dra^hg set No. 1088 (sc), 3 triangles, ^ irregular curves, 2 scales, 2 ^yzant lettering pens, 3 protnictorp, Vpnus pencils, 2 Koh-i-noor (Czechslovakia) long lead pencils, erasers, leads, erasing shield, etc. NO QUESTIONS ASKED. HaiTy D. Smith, Jr., Phone 66003.
WANTED — Reliable student desires work during Christmas vacation. References. Pkase call J. Hinshaw at 66102.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebersholf, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—^Attractive room in modern home. Within one block of campus. Available now. Phone 51434.
SPECIAL NOTICE — Student rates now good any day from December 16th to January 6th. Now cheaper than trains. To Dayton, Columbus, Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, W’ashingtoiij, Philadelphia, New York, Kansas City, Los Angeles, and many others. All meals free! Save time and money—Fly. Call Bud Skinner—2876.
LOST—Possibly m Fieldhouse, gold signet ring bearing initials E. R. $1.00 reward. Edward Roskowski, 145 Pieice. Phone 2966.
Notices H* Notice* Accepted After < p.a.
IMEHmPCTSagOMEIBt
nnadoy, Oeccadwr M, M37
send Wallrer and
; Mather and Wilep va. Bclevlane ai^ —JENKINS. \ Glee dab: Sisn up (nr the awper Mlo\, in«: the oamiio* J4 |n A. t*. Stewart's onie« in Eliza Eowler Hall. —STEWART.
—STEWART.
Ifnirciaitjr Orchaatra: Sian up tor the supper (ollowing the Carolina December l4 hi A P Stewart’s office in Eliza FoW' ler Halt —STEWART.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played this week December 16, 4:00, Ward 3 vs Streamliners , Padalion vs. Ward 4; 4:80, Alpha Ch> vs Pi Phil Alpha Ki vs. Theta December 16, 4 :TO, Theta v8. Ward S; Ward 4 vs. Ann lyeedale; Ward 2 vs. Pepsters , 4 30, Chi Omeaa Vs. Padalion ; Kappa Ward 1, WRH North vs. Colleaiauna. —RODERICK
Univenity Students: Will everyone who interested brina a lO-c^t toy or 10 cents -_r poor children to the YWCA office by the
evening of December 21
\
-BROWN.
Reamer Club: Important meetma December 14. m the Union Buildina. —ROSS
(^Itdct Officers: Cadet officers’ Chrietmas luncheon will be held in the ballroom of the Union Building at 12 m on December —ANTRIM.
Senior MeckanicalB: Inspection Mp reports must be made by DeMmber M. Vtor particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building —YOUNG
Christian Science Organization: Because of convocation, regular meeting will be held in room B of the Union at 4 p m De' ceinber 14 —WINTER
LOST DRAFTING EQUIPMENT
WAA Deck Tennis: The following games must be played December 14 at 4 p m , Sefton and Davidson vs Bouton and Town-
• the Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstoren
SOUTHWORTH’S Bverything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” ErerytliiBg for a CoUefe Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic BR. PAUL A. RISK RR. HAROLD J. RISK DR.RORBSTO.REBK RR. LUTHHK A. RISK 4th A Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST llSVt Vine West Lafayette Phene 4965 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Mode Ice Cream and Candy Glcrtz's Coniectionery Main and Sixth Sla. —Taxi Service-— The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. — Shoe Repair —— BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tk* VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPBRBHDW. •tS MAIN
Florist
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flotaart M^n at 7lh Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY e e Most •xelunv* assortment of corsages avnilablc te Purdue Btudeato. 527 Main Phone 5452
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
•Printing—
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^Office Stationery . Wedding Invitationi
PHONE - Sale. Book., Etc 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Dine
Jiaduiu DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindheivh Read
— Locksmith —— “C”CARTER fur Keys — Leeks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenlnsa Ph. 22P1 8taUhMaln, W. L.
Better Posteumed MUk CRld Crecrni SUNSHINE FARMS 807 N. 4th St.
WAA PING PONGt Thiam ^cs ar« to worth Ye. WmiAakr; Chmtenstfn vs dall, Deleplane vs Goss; Swlek vs. Newmann, and Mather ve, Gabter. —PLANK.
WAA Shuffleboard: These games are to be played Dumber 14 at 4 o’riori:: Cpok and Jenkins tp, Duuwpojr and i^arda, Halmond and Voelkel vs Bute and SchUtter —blank
Gilder Club: Important meeting December 16 in room B of the Union Building. —WEBB
YWCA Music G^p: ested meet in the YWC^
14 at four p m
^, All girls interCA office December
-ZUSSIN
Radie €hiV; Club De ' at 7:30^ place at
UPPMAN.
Ceres: Election of officers will be held at 4:80 in Agnccltural Hall December 14 instead of at 7:20 . —ZIEGLE*
Ztonaves: Rush initiation December 15 at 7 p m in the Armory —HANNAS
Heamer Club: Bring Dolphin tickets and money to meeting December 14 —WALLACE. PIA Campaign Salesmen. Those having membership tickets to sell please check them in at the PIA office by December 16. —MABY
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation banquet post-
poned until January 6. 1938. Wedgea |nay Activity Bureau: InterviewB continue cember 14» at 4 o'clock in room F of the union Building „jaC0^<?N Union Sophomores: Our committee* will meet in the office, December 14 at 4 p m —JACOBSON, CABONARGI Union Sophomores: Important meeting of my committee December 14, in the workshop at 4 p m _tAYLOE
Caniera Club: Meeting December 16, at 7 p m in the tower room ^ —SAMJJEI^SON Camera Club: Get prints from exhibit in Union office Decemiier
Before you are too busy with the usual Christmas Rush Take time out and have your Suit Gleaned and Pressed for the trip home
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL