SAE To Make Final Plans Memberships Awarded Students For Outstanding Papers
Pharmacy Senate Nominees Chosen
for sopho-
'
Final organization of the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers for next year will be effected this afternoon at a meeting of all interested students in room six of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 4 o’clock. Memberships to the society were recently awarded to two students for outstanding papers on automotive subjects. The winners were Harmon W. Arnold, a sophomore in chemical engineering, whose paper, “Essentials of the Modern Motor Car”, was winner among sophomore contestants and W. Herbert Smith, a freshman engineer, who won first place in the freshman competition, with his paper entitled “Design and Construction of the Lincoln-Zephyr Car”. Forty members of the club who are taking the automotive engineering option made an inspection trip to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway last Saturday afternoon. Accompanied by Prof. H. M, Jacklin, the group inspected the pits, garages and other equipment as guests of the track officials.
Senate nominations
more delegates from the Pharmacy school were held Saturday morning instead of Friday afternoon as scheduled. The following freshmen were nominated: R. Clark, W. Bye, C. Coan, and R. Heine. One of these four men will be elected Pharmacy sophomore senator at the elections to be held at registration next se-
mester.
Period 3 TUESDAY. MAY 26, S-11 A. H.. Course Divisions Boom AD 60 Agron 126 Agron 184 .-_A11„. ^B. 187..M......MHH.M.M.mA11...MM......*.....*MW.4.* ..sc 211 B 141 JAll B 166 _:JVU SC 211 B241.. ..All-..
Yearian Wins Fellowship
University Men Will Speak At 4H Junior
Dr;, H. J, Yearian, of the^XJi^ sity physidis department, has recently been accorded one of the highest honors that can be bestowed upOii a young Amencah scientist, being elected one of the National Research Council Pellows in physicsi The highest three per cent of the Ph. D.’s in America compete for this honor and this year only two positions are open in physics. A graduate of the University of Oregon, where he took degrees in 1927 and 1929, he has done graduate work at Purdue since then. He was the first graduate student in physics taking his Ph. D. in 1934. Important researches and discoveries have beCh made by him since coming to, the University where he has also acted as ah instructor.
Prof. J. H. Skinner, dean of the University school of agriculture; Prof. O. F. Hall, of the agricultural extension department^ and T. R. Johnston, director of the University department of publicity, anh state 4-H club officers from the University will appear on the program of the fifth annual junior leadership training conference of the 4-H club which will be at the thdianapolis Boy Scout camp, June 1 to 5. Over 300 members, between the ages of 16 and 21, are expected to attend the conference which is spon sored through the cooperation of Indiana Kiwanis clubs and the state 4-H club office at the University.
GOP Broadcast Will
New York City—(Special)-—Six-ty-eight microphones, more than ever used before at a single event, will be employed by the Columbia Broadcasting System to cover the Republican national convention that opens in Cleveland on Tuesday, Juhe 9, according to Henfy Grossman, in charge of Columbia’s technical operations at the conclave. These instruments will be connected by more than 7 1-2 miles of wire to bring every important detail of the mammoth political fathering to the radio audience. Fifty-two microphones will be lo cated on the floor of the convention hall, Grossman says, oiie being planted directly in front of each state and territorial delegation From these the voting and discus sion on the floor will be relayed, not only to Columbia stations, but also to those of the National Broadcast ing Company and the Mutual Broadcasting System as well as to the pub lie address system in the hall and the cameras of the newsreel photographers.
Remmers Leaves Today
Dr. H, H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference at the University, will leave for Washington, D. C., ioday to confer with Dr. Homer R. Rainey, director of the American youth committee on a proposed project for measuring attitudes of American yopth.
Is Elected To National Researdli Goiiiicil ^
1936 Employment Chances Improved
Employment prospects for 1936 Purdue graduates are approximately 25 per cent better now than a year ), according to a recent survey, and the final employment figures are expected to be the best since 1919. According to a report made recently, 90 per cent of the graduates in the classes from 1928 to 1935 are actively employed, most of them in the field in which they were trained. Employment has definitely been accepted by 40 per cent of this year’s graduates in the schools of engineering and science. Agricultural students have signed up to almost as great an ^xtent, and the demand for pharmacy graduates cannot be met by the school.
In Automobile Accident ., mnjared r . As Car Leaves Road West Of Airport Leroy J. Sunkep, Jr,
infaii
road 26, just west of the Purdue Airport. Charles Young, 19, driver of the ill-fated 1928 Chevrolet coach, was badly injured, suffering a broken arm and loss of blood. Three other youths injured
PUBLICATION Because of final
SCHEDULE. examiUatioU.^
the Exponent wil] only on the follou
be published ung dates the
remainder of tb
ds semester:
May 28, 30, June
2. The first
issue in the fall ^ Septemher j2.
Vill be out on
Teai^ersYYiir Study Sidety
Madison, Wis.—(Special).—Offering professional training in dramatic production and a diverse recreational program at the same time, the University of Wisconsin will conduct its ninth annual dramatic and speech institute, July 8-21, for students from many states. The two weeks’ course will be under the direction of the extension division and the department of speech. A welcoming dinner at the Memorial Union will inaugurate institute activities.
Writers Imitate ^
New Brunswick, N. J.-—(AGP)— The college writer is imitative, us ually of the latest literary sensation, and lacks the wide experience in living necessary for basically sound work. So said Warren E. Bower, editor of the anthology, “The College Writer,’’ addressing the Intercol legiate Writers’ Conference held re Cently at New Jersey College for Women here. The “little magazine,” is ideally fitted to serve as a proving ground for the young writer. Bower .said, since it offers stimulation and encouragement without having prohibitive standards.
Orchesis Announces Acceptance Of Co-eds
Orchesis, natural dancing organization, announces the acceptance of the following girls: Ruth Jeanne Carr, Betty Coit, Catherine Ann Cromer, Margaret Fahtone, Helen Howard, Miary Humphreys, Lucia Prentice, and Margaret Richey. These co-eds have successfully passed a test on the technique in the dance and also have submitted an original composition.
Wisconsin IJ. To Conduct Dramatic Institute
Nazis Must Pa^y Their
Own Bills At Williams
MilnorDorey Stresses Newspaper Importance
Pittsburgh, Pa.—(Special)—MilnorDorey, of the New York Times, told Pennsylvania teachers the newspaper is of greater importance, to education than either the motion picture or radio. In an address before the county superintendence department of the Pennsylvania State Education Association, Dorey said, “the newspaper provides more material than the motion picture or the radib as an educational tool used daily or weekly in connection with school assignments.”
Williamstb'v^, Mass.—(AGP)— German students coming to this country with “certificates of political responsibility” are not wanted at Williams College, and the institution’s system of exchange schol;arships with Germany will be al-
lowed to lapse in June.
“German students rigidly committed to the principles of Naziism cannot hope, to gain much from a consideration of American political thought”, said President Tyler Dennett in making the announcement. For the past ten years Williams has admitted a German student annually, paying his board, room, and tuition, giving him an additional
$400 for his own use.
“H the German authorities, really feel that it is important to spread their gospel in Williamstown,” editorialized The Williams Record, student paper, “they will at least have to pay the bill themselves.”
Astronomer Of Pluto Fame Receives Degree
Lawrence, Kan.—(AGP)—Glyde Tombaugh, who discovered the planet Pluto ^as an amateur astronomer six years ago, will begin star-gaz-ing anew next month, this time with the benefit of a college education. When he graduates from the Uni versity of Kansas in June, Tombaugh expects to return to the Lowell Observatory at Flagstaff, Arizona, where hemade his Sensational find in 1930.
DEBRIS GONTRAGTS
Martha^ Martha, Martha And Another Martha
Anyone who has not paid for his Debris contract must do so before Sunday> May 31, or be reported to the dean’s office. The Debris office will be open eVery day from 4 till 6:80 o’clock. GOULD.
Pittsburgh, Pa, — (AGP)-—Mar-tha’s the name in case you are looking for one of the officers of student’s organizations at Pennsylvania Gollege for Women. Four girls named Martha won out in the recent elections of next year’s campus leaders: Martha Netting, Martha Bright, Martha Jane Gerwig,'^nd Martha Potter.
Prof. Frank C, Hockema, assistant to the president at the University, will go , to Tipton tonight where he will deliver the commencement address to the high school graduating class. On Thursday he will go to North Manchester to represent the University at a celebration marking the 2.5th anniversary of the presidency of Dr. Otho Winger, of North Manchester Gollege.
Alpha Phi Omega
Intensive Study in traffic safety teaching methods and practices will bring several hundred high school teachers to the University from June 8 to 13. These teachers are taking the course in accordance With a hew ruling of the Indiana board of education, requiring 20 hours of traffic safety instruction in all high schools. Lieut. F. M. kreml, ol tne University public safety institute, will be in charge of the course and A, E. Neyhhrt, assistant professor of industrial engineering at Pennsylvania State College, will assist in the teaching. Special equipment will be used in the course which" will count as one hour of University credit. A 90 page instruction manual for use in the high schools has been prepared through the collaboration of Kreml, Marion E. Telford, of New York’s safety council, and James S, Baker, of Chicago’s safety council.
Next year’s officers of the University Newman club were elected Sunday morning in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at the last meeting of the Orgaifization of the semester. T^ j. Doyle, this year’s president of the club, presided. Richard F. Carton, junior mechan ical engineering student, was elected president for the coming year, and P. W. Reed was named men’s Vice president; Helen Beko was chosen for the position of women’s vice president, and Virginia Kungel and Charles R. Kelsey were named for the positions of secretary and treasurer, respectively.
Standardized Homes,
Evanston, 111.— (ACP)—Child prodigies grow duller as they grow older. That is the conclusion of Prof. Paul A. Witty of the Northwestern University department of psychology, who has just completed a study of the personal histories of fifty child geniuses of ten years ago. In most cases prodigies grew up into a conventional pattern with no qualifications or desire for leadership, Prof. Witty reported. Each of the fifty subjects of the survey rated quotients of 140 plus in 1924-26. Since then their life histories have been carefully observed. Hpmes and schools that are too standardized are at fault, he said.
in the accident were William Coomey, Richard M. Foley, and Morley V. Martin, all Lafayette boys, who escaped with minor
cuts and bruises. P. U. Students Rescuers
P. A. Mankin and J. Vanderford, members of Theta Tau fraternity* arrived on the scene shortly after the accident and took two of the injured youths to the hospital. Goomey was taken to the hospital in the ei^^^ ambulance by the police. The car was goinjg west bn state road 26 and the driver attempted to negotiate the “Y” turn just west of the airport. The car failed to fOmid the curve, left the road and siqddbd about 50 feet oh\jits side. The top was crushed and all of the boys were pinned in the Vehicle. Mankth and yanderford reported to police that the car was going af high speed a i few minutes before the crash, Funeral services will be held to-; morroW afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at the Soller-Baker fimeral home; Burial will be in Greenbush cemetery.- ■ '
Newman Club Elects Officers Sunday
Project Development Interests Engineers
;v> 4
iii
Memorial Day will be observed at the University next Saturday by bxercises at 9:30 a. m. in EKza Fowler Hall. Prof. Charles B. MtoP^^y* of the department of history and eCbnomics, will deliver the address at the exercises, and R. C. Puller, bxpresident of the Student Union, and H. G. “Deac”Reisner, 1903 graduate of the University, will speak on the significance of the Memorial Union Building and the significance of the Memorial Gymnasium, respectively* Other features of the day will include the reading of the necrolo^ by Dean M. L. Fisher, the decoration of the bronze plaque bearing names of Urtiversity men who died in the World War, placing of a wreath on the grave of John Purdue by President E. C. Elliott, firing of the national salute of 21 guns by cadet officers, and the sounding of taps.
E. H. Scott Proposes Universal Langiiage Chicago; 111,-—(ACP)—An inter-
9
Dr. C. S. Roys, of the School of Electrical Engineering, has returned from Chicago where he presented a paper before the Chicago Section of the Institute of Radio Engineers, on “Development of a New Resistance - Coupled Neutralizer Circuit.” The project, which was a cooperative project between Dr. Roys and James A. Stewart, a 1935 graduate, attracted much attention of the radio engineers and brought wide discussion.
HoekeiuR To Speak At Tipton Commeiicement
Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, announces the election of the following officers: H. F. Kueck, president; C. W. Gault, vice president; C. W. Cox, sectotary; L, G. Kreiser, treasurer.
use IS a pressing need, says E. H. Scott, head of the ScOtt Radio Laboratories here, and he proposes to do some* thing about it. “International hatreds and jealousies will never be solved through; Genevi conferences alone,” he declares. “The solution to wide-Spreud good-will among nations can best be brought about by an intelligently leavened World language.” Synthetic tongues such as Ido and Esperanto would be of value, in the opinion of University of Chicago and Northwestern an.**, thOrities, who believe a KviUg language or a modification of onU would have the best chance of sue* cess.
Alpha Kappa LRinbdR
Alpha Kappa Lambda fratermfy announces the pledging of R. O. Carlson, Marquette, Mich,; ahd Joseph #. Smith, Anderson. ®
GALA WEEK PROGRAMS
Those who have ordered Gala Week programs should call for them as soon as possible at ijeac’s, Southwoi'th’s* or at the special desk in the Union between 3:30 and 5:30 in the afternoon. GLENNT.
i
*0’,-! '
1986-1986 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distribntor of COtXBGlATE DIGEST
1
7
«S MtttiotiBl Con«8« Prem AsMciftUon, Bia T«ii Editorial A Bxchirively' Beoresented by National Adv-ertisiny Serrioe, In 420 Madison Avenne, New York City
C.
ion
Entered ns second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, 18.60 p« year; delivered by carrier. $2.50 per year; sold by sinsle cbpy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Rhone 6088 Edito
rial PI
lone 603^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF
T. Hunt
Afisociate Editors..-..K. A. Bbriiette, J. E. Brock, A; H. 'Floftter; IL Bold and Black Editors Geneive Sexs
.i.E.:3 cthi'/C.
J.' Morris L. Sadler Ed.' Truitt
SPORTS STAFF
---;L
b’W^ <V::Wil®i®'
AMwiato Sporte EditcHS.—.....iiS. R^ Griffiths, ,R. F. qi>®hch^n; D;-,
u
J. Hulse
..:;-D.
G. MiUer
„.;.L.
I. Brown
Circulation ManagalVi.---.-;..-.™™..-,-
..-.J.
P. Girafi’d;
staff*,:
.....Hel
sn Cr^h
Associate Editors—Jeanne Jaiiousek, Doris McCiartney, Advertising Manager—.—
Elizabeth Pyke ....Betty Barnett
Tuesday, May 26, 1936;
Issue Editof=-J. R.^ O
New rush rules and a new/mentor system! They go, more oj* less, hand in hand. One reason that the newly devised mentor system can he invoked this year is because rush will be deferred—^if you call it that. Perhaps in the minds of many co-eds this new mentor plan may serve as another instrument in^ rushing, but those in charge of the mentors sincerely hope that the interest of the freshman and transfer women will be nt hearv
United Veterans Another organiization of veterans is beihg formed, this time under the title of United Service Veterans of America. It will be composed of veterans of all wars, and has a comprehensive program of legislation which it is pledged“to foster for the veterans’and nation’s interest and welfare”. One point of the platform reads: “To investigate and su]^ press wherever, and whenever possible, all isms, except Americanism, in all branches of our educational and industrial activities”. Does this niean that the organization will fight liberalism, patriotism, nationalism, and pacifism ? Undoubtedly those who wrote the program did not mean to include all “isms” in a blanket indictment^ but the loose language is indicative of the manner in which the aims of the proposed organization might be perverted. Another portion of the program is “To further perpetuate the preference of veterans in civil service and to foster laws which will compel the employment of vetprans in industries wherever possible, and that they be given preference in trades and professions to which they have been trained, and that age shall not be a barrier to any veteran who proves to be competent mentally, morally, and physically, in his industrial following.” Indeed, this smacks of fascisni or perhaps militaristic rule, and seems to be contrary to the pledge of the group. When the formation of such an organization and the activities of the American Legion are taken into consideration, one sometimes wonders whether the veterans are really thiifising of the nation’s welfare, or if selfish desires are motivating their vigorous lobbying campaigns.
A well-known scientist once said, “My chief trouble seems to be sajdng or writing something that I can’t prove and which I needn’t have said in the first place.” Everyone is faced with this problem. A few more words may “dress up” a conversation or a composition, they niay make the piece seem more entertaining or authoritative—and they may also spoil it entirely by, introducing a falsehood which may be seen at a glance among worlds of true, worth-while material. Writers and speakers who wish their words to hold weight among their readers or listeners should avoid this common pitfall.^—J. E. B.
Correspondence with incoming women students will be carried on through the summer months. An-other-similarity to the old rush will be the meeting of trains and sfecuring of dates for the incoming women, ^he new fulbs can hclpi the differ-^ ent houses tremendously, if, as was suggested by the chairmen of the freshman oriehtation: gfbup,othe members pi the various brganmar tions do not employ rushing tacdcs but make themselves so pleasmg to the girls that each will want tp pledge the sorority to which Her mentor belongs.
rj- HE GREAT ZIEGFELD, a picI ture suggested by the career of the noted glorifier of the American girl, is playing a special engagement at the Mars Theatre Frir day and Saturday, all seats reserved; with William Powell in the title role j Myra Loy, as his wife, Billie Burke, and Luise Rainer as the starry-eyedi alluring Anna Held.
Many of the personalities that Ziegfeld made famous joined this cast of stars, carrying on the tradition of the producer whose show* manship has injected itself into every scene. Fanny Brice, Ray (Rubber-Legs) Bolger, Harriet Hoctor, and others who triumphed in the ZiegfeM shows repeat their inspired performances fbf We:jhbtion:
picture that glorifies the man who brought them fame. Virginia Bruce,’ herself a Follies girl, is seen as the most glorified of all the glorified beauties, in the role of Audrey Dane. Others in the featured cast include Frank Morgan, Reginald Owen, Raymond Walburn and hundreds of beautiful girls in glittering dance numbers.
There will be the problem of having girls W:ho do not possess outstanding personalities, girls who are not at all acquainted with college (jtfe and may have strange conceptions regarding it, girls with inferiority complexes, girls who do not know how to dress, and girls who think they know all about college life. Impartiality should reign in all groups. Each girl should be treated as an individual with her own peculiar problems. That is the purpose of having such small groups.
The Residence Hall for Women has done much toward increasing the enrollment of women in the past year and promises to do more next year. After the women are here, however, it is pur duty to make them enjoy Uhiversity life, by seeing that they become properly orientated to it. Last fall it was our misfortune to lose some women students because they could not become correctly adjusted to our ways, and because they were not fortunate enough to obtain rooms in the hew hall. Although there isn’t much that the cp-eds can do in solving the housing problem, they can do quite a bit by simply befriending these initiates in campus life.
Promotion By Yardstick (Daily Illimi) Quite a few years ago a president of the university issued a statement to the effect that if teachers of Illinois wanted promotion it would be wise for them to do a considerable amount of research and he advised them to write and write and write. The statement brought a storm of argument. One professor carried out quite a campaign in the pages of The Daily Ililmi in which he argued for more emphasis on teaching and aiding students in extra-curricular activities. "It was duck soup for the gridiron banquet of that year ai— they made the most of it. Someone dressed up like the president and had all the “big shot” professors appear before him with their writing for the year and he measured them with a yardstick. Then he promoted them according to the inches submitted. Needless to say it was the professor who wrote so many “letters to the editor” who came out on top. There is still a little too much emphasis placed on the research side in the university. Too many teachers who always have “closed sections” early in registration remain instructors and assistant professors year in and year out while some driedup old fossil who spends most of his time reading dusty tomes gets raised in rank and pay. There are many men in the University who give a great deal more time to student affairs than they do to minute investigations into some of the problems of their field. Research is important and adds much to the prestige of the university. But the argument remains that those who achieve the respect and admiration of the students through their hard work in problems dealing with the University as a whole are just as valuable and j ust as deserving of promotion. \ There are just so many hours to a day. So much of that time must be spent in class. Those who take on added burdens such as student control boards, senate committees and similar work have not as much time free for scholarly treatises; Yet they find their work just as hard and find that they are always faced with more calls for help. Many of them will spend nearly as much time in their “extra-curricular” activities as they do in the classroom. Certainly they deserye credit for that. There needs to be more emphasis put on such things and less on the amount of yardage gained by professors in their writings.
As all new plans, this one has its good and bad points. It is, however, m structure, a great improvement over that of the past two years. Whether it -will be at all successful depends upon the attitude and effort of the co-eds selected to lend a helping hand to the bewildered neophytes next fall, and upon the wholehearted support of the faculty and student body.—J. R. J. Future Wars Vets
Minneapolis, Minn.—(AGP)—An organization to oppose the Veterans of Future Wars has been organized on the University of Minnesota campus here. Contracts pledging each future veteran to fight in all future wars should be signed on receipt of the $1,000 future' bonus, says William RobertsOn, student leader of the new movement. “If these vets knew that they real-, ly had to fight for their money they wouldn’t be so anxious to collect it,” Robertson said. “Besides, the government should have some guaranty that the vets will fight when a wdr comes along;”
R. W. Gregory To Attend leeting In Washin^on Prof. R. W, Gregory, of the University department of education, left for Washington Saturday, at the invitation of John W. Studebaker, United States commissioner of education, to attend a meeting of the committee on national policies and programs in agricultural education. This is one of the committees of the American Vocational;. Association, and it was appointed to act in an advisory capacity to the agri^tural education service of the United States ofiice;of education.
Stallings and Martenet went the way of all fish at the Theta dance last Saturday night—*Pifl Bennewitz and SAE Coulter got together for a pin merger—Jean Beemer and Sig Nu Bailey are that way about each other to the extent of pin planking— Mitchell and Cue Holden also did it last Saturday—And now heap big surprise (especially to Lou Shilling) Alice Parlon is wearing the pin of a Phi Gam from Wabash—
■ —ss—
This little affair calls for a space all by itself—-The boys at the Sig house have been dating McConnell’s Chicago girl too d -m much, says Johnny, so friend John decided to put out the pin for safety’s sake. The girl is Betty Eettchum and I would not let a fraternity brother’s pin stop me from Eettchum a date now and then BROTHERS. ■ ' ■ ’ --^s—, Dear Fielder’s Choice: You win. May I come over and swim in your fishbowl sometime— anytime ? ^—^A Delt. ...-ss— ■ . This reminds me of the old one about “Twirly Joe”— Joseph Brave, dying Called his wife and then, Warned that if she dated other men. He’d turn over in his grave. When some years later, Joe’s wife then also'deadj Asked for Joe, Saint Peter said. Perhaps you mean “Whirling
Brave”.
—J. D. G. -r-SS— ■ ■ ■ Gotta go study for a final now at the Luna—-see you Thursday. Latest Einstein Theory Related To Poe^s Eureka Burlington, Vt. — (ACP)—Einstein’s latest theory—that gravitation and electricity combine to form solid matter, a development of his theory of electrical bridges between shells of space—has been related to Edgar Allan Poe’s prose poem ‘Eureka” by Prof. Julian I. Lindsay of the University of Vermont^" Poe’s work defined gravitation as attraction, which he calls the principle of the body, and electricity as repulsion of the principle of the soul. No other principles exist, says Poe. All are referable to one or the other of these two, which sti^nd for the material and the spiritual, principles of the universe.
Fraternities Fight Dissolution Of
National Relations Hanover, N.H.---(AGPj*-HeComT mendation of the social survey committee that Dartmouth college fraternities dissolve their national affiliations has met with diverse re-
action on the campus here.
Traditional loyalty at Dartmouth has always been to the college first and fraternities second, student leaders point out, declaring that' if the fraternities became local clubs, without national standing, their status in relation to the campus would remain almost unchanged. A minority report stated that alumni support would be withdrawn
if national ties were severed.
Aluiiihus Initlatedi Into Sigma Xi During Visit 0. A. Day, Ag. '26, has returned to his'home in St. Louis, Mo., after a short visit here. During his stay he was initiated into Sigma Xi, research fraternity, and also made a short Ansit tp his home in Fillmore, Ind. Mr. Day, who was a member of the Purdue staff for two years after graduation, is now chief statistician for the Farm Credit Administration at St. Louis, Mo.
TODAY
Choose always the way that seems best, however rough it may be. Custom will render it easy and agreeable.—-Pytha-goras.
Opportunity is as scarce as oxygen; men fairly breathe it and do not know it.—Doc Sane.
day^^onfucius.
Drake Made Swim Coach John Drake, football fullback, and member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, will assist E, R. Brown, of the Central Y, M. C. A., in conducting the annual “learn to swim” campaign which is open,to all boys who cannot swim. Instruction will be provided by NYA students.
WSIDNBSDAY ‘ "T*
■ 'Mid/:, WAltNEB OLAND IRENE) HARVEY “Charlie Chan ^ In Shanghai”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS ■
USSiii^ ^ I - + ' s ‘ i - I . j.|
I, %in'Right To Plaj ^ ^ Sigma Chi’s For Cham y pionship Sigma Alpha Epsilon defeated I Y toelta Upsilon, by a Scope of 10 to G ' in the final game of the losep’s 'bracket of the fraternity baseball tourney, and won the right to play the Sigma Chi's for the champion- . ship trophy. As is the case with most interfraternity games, it was dotted with errors, five for the DU’s and two for the SAE's. Noll and - Driessen was the battery for the winners and Peterson pitched for the pU’s with Clark as backstop. The game to be played for the championship will be difficult to arrange due to the fact that final exams are going on, but the intramural office and officials of the two fraternities are working on a date now. Co-ed Gym To Stay > Open During Finals Co-ed sports are interrupted this w^eh ^th exams in progress, ;but the ■Women's Gymnasium will be open during the entire final; examine atipn period for all^rls wishiiig^s^^ fise ifc For eduii)m®htdbply^^ r Babbdh Miss Eazelton’s office. V ; ' If enpu^ interest in shown in a mixed svdm, one will ^ held; Friday night in the Memorial Gymnasium. Under the auspices of the Women's Physical Eddcatipn department^ a mixed swim was held; last Friday in which eleimn cpuples participated.^
choice
Bob
E lementaryi when you want ; pleasant, convenient travel at lowest possible cost, there’s only one answer. It’s Greyhound! Z" UNION BUS STATION 5fh & Ferry Streets Phone: 2105
Since we have final exams, too, this will be the last appearance of this column in the Exponent this year. We have enjoyed writing Fielder’s Choice, and we hope you have enjoyed reading it. The ball team looked good in spots on Saturday, but they looked mighty ragged in others. The second inning was a perfect example of how fielding should not have been done, and the Boilermakers gave the demonstration. To clear up a little curiosity aroused in the stands at various and sundry times during' the Chicago game, we repeat what Bill Haarlow told us about his uniform with the pretty little flags on the sleeves. —fc— Bill is not a member of the AllAmerica baseball team ... he lost his uniform ... he had to wear this one which served as the Pifficial uni^ form for the University of Chicago when the tbam: plRF^fi in 3hpan soine six years ago.
\
Somppne tpld uS pnce that a good column should :cPntain dh all--ponfer enceteamiorsomethihgofthetta*ture, at the close of the season. Not to be Putdohe, we have compiled a i^oster of the hetter baseball ;mOT who have faced the Boilermakers thisyear.:; ■ ■ .—r-fc——- . Morb is QUIT pick for am AJl-Cmni' petitiye-fbr-homergames-only team if. Pilntey---Nptre Dame, c. Hewitt—liouisiana Tech, tb. Haaripwr-^hi(cago. ss, Swikle—Jllirtois. 2b. Urick—Michigan, cf, Cochran^ChicagQ. ”; rf. Taylor—-Louisiana Tech. 3b. Franklinr---IlHnois. ' p. Swanson—Illinpis. p. Hosier—Indiana, p. Lewis—Louisiana Tech. fc-— V '■ These men were selected on all around ability, including hittingji fielding, arid general appearance on the field and at bat. The standing lineujp is not listed as “the batting order. Johimy Sines played a bang-up game oil Saturday, handling several hard chances in great style. Speaking of fielding, Bill Btaarlow pulled a hotgrPufider out of the dirt in the fourth inning. The drive was labeled for a triple, but not through Haar-
low.-
—f p— ■ ' ■, During some of the mbre quiet moments of the game Saturday we picked up a few of the comments that are usually issued from the Some of them are like this. —fc— . .. Gee, is it the ninth inning al ready, we thought it was the 17th? ,.. Why don’t you go where the play is, you dope ? . . . He swings like a rusty beer sign. ... Say Armon, do you eat Wheaties? ... Now we can’t play, the pitcher threw the ball away again. ... ■ —fc— With this we close,.. hope to see you again next year.
Tennis Title Noarthwestern Captures Final Donbles Match , Tn Nose Out Chicago NPrthwestern University captured its first big ten teimis title last Saturday afternoon at Chicago, when the Purple team nosed out the Maroons 14 to 18. Chicago won the, Big Tem.singles and doubles championships hut were beaten when Northwestern won every other
match.
The Midway team has won the title for the last three years, and they went into the last day’s play iVith a one point lead but the Purple doubles team, consisting ,oi George Ball and Don Leavens, playing magnificent tennis, won a two and onehalf hour match from their opponents from the midway, Herbert Mertz and John Shostrom by a score of 4-6, 6-4, 6-4. Chicago In. Final Games The whole match Was. practically Chicago and Northwestern and the Ltwo teams played each other in four out of six final matches. The points scored by the schools entered follow: orthwestern, 14; Chicago, 13; Michigan, 6; Wisconsin, 4; Illinois, 2; Ohio State, 2; Iowa 2. Purdue did not enter.
Aim Arbor, Mich., (Special)— home-and-home football series between Yale and the University of Michigan to be played in 1938 and 1939 was announced here this w:eek by Fielding H. Yost, director of athletics. Yale has nmde bnt one previous appearance west of the Alleghenies.
Billiard Team To Play Game Series
During the last three days of this week; members of the Uiuversity hiUiard teain will play ;a senes of games among themselves in order to give Coach Whitney a chance to see the possibilities of hext; year’s teani. Ingleman, Steed and Brazil arC slated to he the outstandifig players of the group With PurcCll; Hunter and Cohee as reserve strength. Tfi^ team has had a very successful season, winning many matches against good pppCnents in
conference matches. ^
stands.
Woefner Loses Job; Has Good Word For Badgers Madisoh, Wis., (Specialj—Indicia-. tive of the new spirit iiiThe Wisconsin athletic department since Harry ^uhldreher took over: hi^ dual responsibilities. as direetpr of athletics and head football Coach last week, is the attitude of William WCem^j end coach of the :1935 Badgers, and former Purdue ^d. When Stuhldreher decided that, to secure maximum effiiciehey in his^ first year as coach, he could use only assistants trained in and thproughly familiar vnth his system of football, Wberner was naturally out of the varsity picture. Blit the little former Purdue star wingman freely admits the lo;^c of Stuhldreher’s ppsition, in the following statement: “I believe Stuhldreher did what he thought was right and proper and I wish him every success. I know he ‘has a lot on the ball’ and I ain gping to do everything I can
to help hiniv”
BasebaU Tilt Team Drops To Last In Conference Standing Last Saturday afternoon, Purdue gave up its last chance to keep off the bottom of the conference heap in baseball, when they lost a hardfought battle to Chicago, 6 to 1, The score does not imply a good game but Purdue got all the bad' breaks and still held the score to 2 to 1 for the first eight innings and the Maroon runners were aided on their way around the bases by five errors against the Boilermakers. Maroons Score On Errors The Maroon’s first unearned run caineinthesecondinningwhenMalaska dropped Sonderlin's long single into left center and advanced to third when Pat’s thrown-in was bad, and then iviangas threw; wild to second. Sonderlin scored on Cochran’s single but Cochran was out on an attempted double steal when Neiman bunted and Krause threw low to first. In the seventh, Goldj of the Midway teard, hit a hard drive throtj^ Sines and Nieman scored, giving the Ghdcagoans a 2-p lefid up to ihe last half
of the seventh.-
; Aj'inohiBiits.liomar-' In Purdtie’s half: of ihe seventh, Arrnon hit a honie fun that just barely; hbiTed over the fence and the third basenian fan around the corriers to dofiate the only score for the Lambertmen. Sines, - Waling a.nd Young were involved in two double plays that helped Purdue m the field, but Haarlow, of Chicago; took the fielding honors when he stopped a possible double by Armon in a fine catch off; the initial sack Purdue’s bad; luck was in the hitting line since all but four hit balls ;were directly into a Chica.goan’s gl6ve ■Rosser pitched fine ball into the ninth when the Maroons bounced f our hits off him. He was credited iwith 4 bases bn balls and 2 strikeoufe, while his Opponent; Yedor, only gave four free bases and struck odt
six...
With Track Meet Purdue’S 1935-36 athleticyear will come to a close next week-end when the Boilermaker track squad will journey to Bloomington next Friday to compete in the state track meet. Although injuries have cut the strength of the squad to the point where it is hardly possible for the team to win the championship, Coabh Orvil Martin is expecting several of his stars to finish high in the honors. C!o-captain Lakie Glendeiming stands an excellent chance to repeat his last year’s victory in the halfmile, and 'Vaughan-Catt is conceded a possible win in the furlong. Bob Lemen is also given a chance to win
in the hurdles.
Purdue’s other possibilities in the track meet include Williamson in the high jump; Stewart in the broad jump; Goory in the mile; Bluemel and Fifield in the quarter-mile; Terhune in the half-mile; DeLong in the dashes; and Reed in the discus.
tte tte toe .
to. In hi. Me mer tli. foB ,
meters
two-ittller, won
steeplechase.
01ymide*Pra«kiaefi Outstanding candidates fbr American team in the Olymifie , event at the present include JToe , , McCIuskey, national champion and ^ record holder. Tommy Deckard« the Indiana sophomore who is national cross-country champion and who , ^ won the event in the Kansas Relays " ^ m 9:30.4; Glen Dawsoto and Harold
I
Manning.
Michigan V, Discovers New Olympic Candidate Ann Arbor, Mich.—(Special)—^Despite the fact that its superior strength and balance has dominated Big Ter^rack and field competition the past two years, Michigan’s had no outstanding Olsrmpic candidate to offer, xmtil one was imcov-
Warid Famed Professor Resigns Position Cambridge, Mass (ACP) — George Lyman Kiftredge, last of the famed group of scholars which brought glory to Harvard in the last half centuryy will never awe another class with his brilliant exposition of English literature, his biting wit, or the femper which often led him to stamp out of a classroom because of inattention or a slight disturbance. He gave his last lecture on May 1, and his resignation is effective September 1. Member of-the class of 1882, world’s foremost Shakespearian authority, and an especially colorful personality. Prof. Kittredge * was an institution at Harvard for
50. years.
- •' I
SPARBENDAHL
-f -f„ 4. 4 4 BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS A-- 4^; 4 T T T '4‘ '4; '4v4 NATIONAL LEAGUE
W. L.
Regordiessi o/awire tuhtei’s condition, bring it to m for examination before replacing. WAat looks hopeless is often repaired at reasonable cost. Complete wheel service. Auto Body Shop Corner Third and Brown Phone 29# r.,m.thoennes CHAS. HARRINGTON Props.
Discussion Group Will Meet Friday In Union “Personal Philosophies” will he the subject Of the Discussion G;roup; for the third time this year when it meets next Friday evening in the Memorial Union Building. The meet ing will be. held Friday rather than tomorrow, the usqal day of ^he week; because of final examinations. E. A Sipith will lead the group at this meeting, which is the last for this year. Plans will be made Friday to continue the organization iiext year.
St. liouJa.. New York.. Pittsburgh.. Cineinnati..
Boston.. ChiesKO..
Brooklyn.. Philadelphia...
AMERICAN LEAGUE
New York.. Boston... Detroit.. Cleveland.. ChicaKO.. Washinston.. Philadelphia.. SkliouiB..
Pot .667 .647 .616 .486 .486 .486 .889 .861
Pot .676 .682 .666 .648 .681 .600 .824 ,22a
More'JEnergy
Can JOHNSON - Bione 4iee2
Milk is your best fQod--r-it's pa^ed Lull of nutritive elements that your body heeds. Bieh ia mhk’ erals and rich in v^ne, it's bodydwildi^ and ehei^ buildin$^
’^^4 .-4^ ■ 4 .4 T-■.'f-. 4’ YESTERDAY'S RESULTS ¥ T ^ -k T - T , A-; 4 : NATIONAL LEAGUE New York, 1; Philadelphia, 0, Boston, 8: Brooklyn, 0. St Louis, 2; Chicago; 1. Pittsburgh, 9: CinOinnati, 2, ;'■■■; ; ;AMERICAN-I^ Boston, 6 :'Washington, 6. . Philadelphia, 10; New, York 7. (Only (Sanies'SchedulOd.) +■■.,4 .-f-.'-'-f''''4''4 ■4-."4 4. 4:' 4 4 ■ 4;, 4 '■ ■ 4 4,4.. 4^ .v4 '4 NATIONAL' LEAGUE ■: Cincinnati at fCh^^ Pittsburgh at St Louis.; Brooklyn at New York. , Boston at Philadelphia. :',;:;AMBRIGAN; LEAGUE;, ■ ;; .Chicago atpsiawlt ’ . -■..New York-at.BoBtonv;-,;; , -■ /■'■.Bt.:-Lohi8,.at,Cleveland:. ‘ Philadelphia at WaahingtoB. . '
Till JOHN MARSHALi
LAW SCHtiOA , CHBCAQOelU;.,
FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDiTED lAWSCHOOt TEXT and CASE . SYSTEM
■ ■
Not(S; Beginning September, 1936, the afternoon course contlnues as 0 Sk'Ye.OJr. course, but the eve. ning course changes from a 3- to a 4.year course. •Spxdeats deMag to iffke the present 3,-year evening courge mugt eater oa or before July 9,:Jp36.
CLASSES Afternoons . 4:30 Evenings . . 6:30 Lead to LL. B. and J.D. degrees. Two years’ college work required for entrance. For free catalog and booklet, ’'study of tow and Proper. Pre^ aration" .address: Edwo'd T;' tee; Deqn, Box 22.315 Plymouth Court, (BHIC'ASO. ..
«JENT A CAK
DRIVB:-;'EP;'^Y0UR^ LATE MODEL SEDANS h^pecially Luw Rates bu REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6465
Linco^s Campus Corner
■ J AND vIlOFree ON THE ,V 1h& SPREAD IS OffiM lb Ali k AND m tim tlDSr IS WHAT W fl\ n YOMR. POOCET/ ll\ , . A'
bontfb® OUtsItOR, neml
VWSAMEMDeR.OF1HE: WjV&ERS FObtBALL-rEAlA WHlCti DEFEATED PftINGEibN IN TWB RRSl'iNlEROOilfiOIAfE GAW£ PlMED IN 1869.’ HE 1$ THE ONDf SOPWIVOR. GPTHEtEAlA -’
|I%MBE8S OF AT JOHNS HOPKim UMSVERMTf^ l^^ -JONloar THER PET ALNfiSRR. WH® 10BWTX) THEIR BATlaMSS^
EDDIE YUILL
iUT WOOD
Don t give moths, dirt and grime a chance to spoil that precious fur of yours. Get it into dependable cold storage now; Our storage includes thoroagh cleanmg and glazing, storage in <M)W, dry, thi^of^ fir^ proof vaults—-plus insurance as an added protection. Phone for prices toi^ay.; Steiger FOURTH AND PERRY STS. CaU 4935—and our ^bonded carrier witi call for your furs.
ms
mi' DR. A. M. IRION Dentist ^Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
Tan Terriers
■
nil ■■■■■ XI
LAWN m
LOWERS "
Sharpened and rei
paired. ■:'. N«iw'■'and-'
\L' iaowets.'■:■: PW
ce‘S',,;on'.Li»ew; BiH., ■ -ft
. Bearing Mowers $5 ers called for and i
26 arid np. Miwr. - lellver^ V y-
F. Jos. Mulh
aiipt & Soi^
209-11 North
I^ Strwt
;iPKoihe^^J*8S'
Lafayew, Ind. ^j.
By Maxine Peters. Three little tan terriers scamper-
. 4 ) f , f ritually whet© ©, response Was expected* both dogs barked. At once, the fraternity declared them -members. And now Professor Josselyn is frequently^asked by Andy’s and Zip-' per’s brother Phi Psi's “when are you going to bring over,‘the youngster' to be initiated?”
DQmer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th- Phone 6056
DEAC
HAS EVERYTHING for- a . ■ : ■ COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNEE
Risk Dental CMiilc
PAUi:.A.®ISK ■KOBEE'ff e. SEISE' , HABOM? J.. BSSE . S^OTOEE A. SWE .. 408 Sehnlts Bldff. P&me 978& Corner 4tfa snd .I^aSn
, LYLE E. FISHER. Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
R. C. EISENBAGH , Jeweler and . Optometrist 504 Main Street
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE EXPONENT
SENIORS!
We a^e ^Istaiea for 906 per dozen. Speeisl pries on loto o£ or more.
Rembraiidt Stiidfo'
W. I.a£nsrette
lOB Vine St.
Tbo t&dnfeiiss Mow ^tOa
A YELLOW
V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black for Special Oeeaaions 25e per passengrer anr part of the city
B0'2S PHONES
YELLOW CAB CO.
As the 1936 term is closing JuneSrd
Classified Ads.
Triple XXX
wishes»>to thank each and all for their patronage. Farewell and lots of luck, Seniors.
I found out.; i -vireht to ProfeSsbr^ Josseland: asked him toitell hie all about tivem^ First bf all, there arb Andy and Zipper-^father and moth-er-—then Mary/ the baby. 2l!ipper> the tot to be purcWsed^ receivedi her named front the Ghieagb Tribune cartoon; But when Andy was brought home, he was christened with the Scotch name, Anderson, as more befitting his Scotch ancestry. Likewise, the baby’s full name is Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots.
Had Three Pups ...
A year ago Zipper had three pup pies, Mary, Bobby Burns, and Scotch-and-Soda. Five dogs are too many for most families, and the Josselyns decided to sell two of the puppies. The choice fell on Bobby Burns and Scotch-and-Soda. Poor Scotch had lost an ear in his earliest puppyhood and he was just at the age when his one good ear was beginning to stand erect.. But he looked so ludicrously charming that he sold.as quickly as Bobby. The new owner laughingly declared that the long ear must be Scotch and the
short stump, Soda.
Cairn terriers are notably bright and intelligent pets, obedient and easy to train. They are also sensitive and need little punishment. A slight rap with a pencil will do as much for one of these terriers as a cuff would do for another breed. Zipper once refused food for a day because she had been scolded in the morning.
Gypsy Streak In Andy
Andy receives punishment most often. He has a gypsy streak in him and occasionally wanders away—^to return in a few days. He always realizes that a punishment awaits him. His punishment for this offense is to stay in a barrel in the dark cellar for a few hours. So thoroughly does he understand this, that he rushes down the basement steps when Mr. Josselyn opens the door, and he is in his' barrel before Mr. Josselyn is half-way down. Since these four figures are so familiar on the campus, it isn’t surprising to find that all four sometimes go up to the second floor of the library. The dogs lie under the table quietly, aware that they will not be allowed to remain if they make a
disturbance. Is Surprising
It is surprising, however, to find that the two Older dogs are so much students at the University that they even belong to a fraternity. But they do. Mri Josselyn, himself a Phi Kappa Psi, took them to the chapter house one evening. He intended to leave them upstairs, but the boys insisted that they go along to the chapter room. At one part of the
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St;
Phone ■2779;"
In Crown Cleaning you get i •. • FormpreNt Pressing * ' ^ - S 1 I
...Mnnite Mothproofing ... Yonr ehoiee of €nrboh-«Tet
or Naphtha eleaning
I
I
Lost-—Sheaff er Ever sharpy part of set Thursday pite at 9 in the east study hall of library. Reward. Gall
toithy 8076. :; ;
Notice Sophombres-—For sale: advanced military boots and spurs. Size 10%. Good condition. 'Very
cheap. Phone 8040.
Lost—Brown purse cbntaing keys lost on State Street near Standard Oil filling station. Call home eco-
nomics office.
Lost—Brown suede jacket in Arinory Wednesday afternoon,p-wn-er’s name, Andrew Place, inside. If
found call 2116. Reward.
CE 6 :......
EE 129
Ed 108 ..........
Math 8
GE 6 ..:....
............™G,H :..
G101
BE 109
Math 14 ........
......JB.;..::
CE 6 .......
............ EE 254
EE 176
Math 120 ......
......_A11.:..;...:.....
C&T 18a
All.A
Engl 8 .........
ME 108
ME 186 ..........
..... .....
C&T23...
...........^□vii
.... HE 108, 109
Eiigl 116 .....
JV,B:.....;..;..
ME 194a
Ec 1
,...A,XA..........
^ ♦
Engl 1^1 .....
ML 66 ..........
Ecl2.
.................D.:..
Rec "818
Engl 121a.....
........;J!l11
.......... Univ 211
PEW 61 ........
.....:..JUl............y
.............. ME 207
Ec 12 .....;.
„XD.;.............
........... Rec 120
GE 104
B................
PhC 9 ..........
..:.....JV11.
.......... Phar 811
Ec 12;:..,..
<.... ' j,.
GE 106 ........
......._AI1....
*.
Phar 84 ......
.......jui.... :.
... Phar 311
Ec 118
.......-AU...
Gov 109
........JUl
♦
Phys Ic ........
......_.All........:.:..
.......... Phys 202
Ec 121.....
..........,All..-.......„..
....... ...... ^ 14
Hist 1
■ *
Poul 26 ..........
......All™....;......
.................4;.:..“ •
Wanted—Pa'&sengers to New York and Boston, lea-ving May 30. Call 3766.
For Sale-—Wardrobe trunk, in good condition. Inquire 2l9 Littleton.
Wanted — Thesis, term papers, etc., to type by experienced typist. Phone 45961.
NOTICES
N« BotSeee aitiag 8 ». az.
A. S. M. E. HeEiiber»—Get magazine,
and
office. Keys are not ava
membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s
ilable.
—SHIELDS.
Sophomore Skull and Crescent^Your paddles are at the Alpha Gamma Rho house now. Call for them. —SIBBENTHAL.
Cto-eA Archers—Intercollegiate tournament will continue at 3 today. . —BOEHM.
Life-Saving—Today at 7:30.
RUSSEL.
Instructor will take student passenger as far as Miami, Florida, at minimum cost. References required. Leaving
Co-ed Physical Ed—Locks must be turned in immediately and lockers emptied at once. —HAZBLTON.
Physical Education for Women—Freshman, sophomore, and junior women planning to teach physical education should make an appointment for a conference in the main office for next week. —HAZELTON.
University Choir, Concert Choir, Baccalaureate Choir—-A very short, but important, meeting today at 4. Attendance compulsory. —STEWART.
Final Examinations (Continued from page 1) ME 70 A ME 8 ME 124 A,B.. ME 124 .CL ^ ................... ME 207 ML 34 ................. All.. ; ♦ ML 43 A.11...... ; * ML 61 All.. * ML 63 All...:.... * ML 74 ........Jill .....; ♦ Poul 42 JVll... * Period 6 WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AgCh 142 _All-„™......_............;..........- ♦ AE 141 All..:... AE 202 Agron 2 ....; „._J111........:..-. * AM 1 : ....A,B,D,E,P. ♦ AMI „......C Pur 204 B121 A.II...... :.. : * Chem 118 .........Jl... Chem 106 Chem 118 ..B CE 6 ..........C.D...........: CE 308
^^PRING is in the air—don’t spoil the gay vernal jogging along in that old run>dowtt’ "bus”—have it fixed while' repair prices are low.
^^Open from Sunrise to Sunrise*’