i i. J k
^ yt
FRESHMEN
C^gers Prove Tough
For Varsity
SENIORS FAIL To Use Personnel Department
Estabtlshed 1889
Volume 55, No. 69
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, January 12, 1943
Campus To See Big' Shows Ag Conference Convenes
G. f. 'House Of Magic' And 'Fantasia' Will Appear In Music Hall For Students
Sailors Invite < Students To Show By Paul Hahn This week will be highlighted by the appearance on the feampUs of the G. E. “House 'l^agic’’ and “Fantasia”, Walt Disney’s full-length masterpiece of color and music. Both of these shows have been abtained for the student body by Special permission and an'ange-
mfepts.
The “House of Magic” was originally brought to the campus for the sailoiNs in training at the University. Through the courtesy of Bpsjgn L. Somers, the show was opehbd, free, to the public. It will shown in the Music Hall, Wednosdtiy at 7 p. m. It has been one bf the hit .shows of every major exhibition since the Chicago Century of Progress in 1933, and has been touring the country for the ofitbrtainment of the men in the services. It is under the direction of William A. Gluesing, who in private life is a real magician as well
as a scientific one. Stubborn Shadow
Brom .the research laboratory eoriie the elfects and demonstrations bf- 'the “House of Magic” show Which, suggests new develop brents for fhe future that the average laymaA never dreamed of. A phosphorescent screen enables Gluesing to Walk away froirr his own shadow, slbake hands with his shadow, and roll- it up in a box. He will also dearonstrate a “kidnap detector” which makes it impossible to steal k bkby without setting off an alarm. Otljef startling demonstrations will
William Gluesing
Attendance ill Regulations Readjusted SpeciaiCommittee Suggests Changes
At fhe regulir meeting of the Universiiy Board of Trustees held/j^ijl^^j^ry 7^ there were presen^d" recommendations for tbd ^changing of the attendance rules now in forte. These recommendations, capie from a special committee, appointed to study the Reporting of Absences and Attendance Regulations, Duiing the term from
, , . ,, , - . September of 1942 to December of
... a magician in real life, as well as a wizard in General 1943 there were more absences reElectric's laboratories, will be in charge of the G E “House of ported to the Dean of Men’s office Magic" which will appear in the Music Hall tomorrow Gluesing than at any othei similar time since will present today's miracles of science such as a stationary University officials have been
taking class attendance. With this large increase in ilie number of absences it was necessary to increase the personnel in the dean’s office so that all of the class cuts could be transcribed to each student’s peisonal record, and due to the increase in class cutting and the resultant large expenditure of money in salaries, a special committee was appointed on November 23 to study the problem both here and at other institutions through-
out the country. Approve New Rules
In accordance with the new rules which were suggested by this special committee and approved by the
shadow, music on a light wave and a "kidnap detector "
I
Civil Service Announces New Engineering Course Commission Designs Program To Train Coed Designers, Inspectors, Testers
United States Civil Servipe Commission recently announced
also be seen here by arrangement a program for training junior engineers. This program is par-
wjth thfe research lab of the G. E. ticularly designed to train women for positions in testing and ®^®cutive committee, all absences
inspecting engineering materials, designing and testing ap-
will be reported at the end of the
Jap Captive To Speak For Tonight's Convo Agricultural Conference Program To Observe Farm Mobilization Day Carl Neprud, who was held captive for six months by the
Prof. 0. B. Jesness Discusses Farm War Role At Convo Registration Totals 950 For First Day “War is a demander of sacrifice and so we need to ask whkt our share in the sacrifice is, rather than to present claims for our share in the illusory gains,” according to Prof. O. B. Jesness, head of the agricultural economics department of the University of Minnesota speaking on “The Role of Agriculture Duiing the War” at the first general convocation of the annual agricultural conference being held on the campus this week. The assembly was held last night in Fowler Hall and was attended by some five hundred registrants. A panel discussion, illustrated by slides, on methods of saving time and labor to increase the 1943 volume of farm production was carried on by members of the University agricultural staff. Entertainment was furnished by the University glee club quartet and Purdue Folka
Whirlers.
950 Register
Approximately 950 farmers and homemakers registered for the conference today showing a decrease of eighty per cent in the attendance compared with first day
figures for last year.
First to register was August Burger of Jasper, Dubois county, while Harlan Kidwell and Ben Fishel of Morgan county and S. B. Pershing were the next in line. During the re.gistratiott jaeriod yesterday morning, the agricultural engineering section was discussing electrical aids to agpriculture for wartime production at their rural electrification conference.
E. L. Butz Speaks
paratus and machinery, assisting-in research, and in drafting, d^v wRh^^^he^^ excenUon^ of the returned to this country last August on the j)j._ gutg of the Agricul-
Gripsholm”, will be the featured speaker at a convocation to tural Economics department spoke
Company.
Fkhiasia Thursday
“Fantasia” will appear Thursday -
afternoon in nlace of the reirular These positions are open to individuals completing a special fourth month of the term when , , „ place regular tuition-free course offered by they will be turned in on the last be held this evening at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. He will to rural women attending the Home
the government at various in- Dean’s office tell of his experiences and discuss the need of faod for the con- Economics program yesterday att-
will issue a new form containing nnered countries ernoon. t- x i
stltutions. f.... of, J f> fi, uucicu ^ , Tomorrow the Indiana Livestock
blanks for the students name, the rpj^jg assembly will be held in connection with the agricul- Breeders will hold
screen review. But it will have only one showing beginning at 4:20 p. m. Passports are absolutely necessary for admittance due to the higfily specialized nature of the filrtt requiring special permission and arrangements in order to show
it to the students.
This picture will bring into use fob the first time the new sound reproduction equipment recently in
'Engineer' To Hold Frosh,Shop Callout Wednesday At 4
The course may be taken as name and number of the course, the , , r j-xu-a full-time ten-week course or and the instructor’s name Mobil , . along with a condensed calendar on recognition of Farm Mobilizaby going to evening classes for ,vhich the instructors will record tion Day as proclaimed by
twenty-seven weeks. The course class attendance merely by enconsists of 320 hours of lecture, circling the date on the calendar recitation and problem work in en- student does not appear
ginoering computations, engineering drawing, elementary mechanics.
m class.
Attend All Classes
There were six other new rules
President Roosevelt and Governor Schricker. Dean Reed of the School of Agriculture will give a talk on the meaning of Mobilization day during the pro-
gram.
Selections will bo presented by
Jack T. Kimbrell, editot of the
stalled In the Music Hall. Extensive Purdue Engineer, announces that preparations have been made to callouts for second teim freshmen, sho-kf this beautiful blending of sophomores, and first term juniors
music and color. will be held Wednesday, January s>uiveying, industrial processes and suggested by the special committee Music By Stokowski 13, at 4 p. m. in the Engineei office, similar subjects. The course will be and five of them were approved by A stimulating current of music The Eng-fnecr has adopted a given at some 200 institutions tbe Executive committee. Those apis provided for this, one of Disney’s streamline style which boasts a throughout the country and was Pi’oved arc: greatest pictures, by the Phila- newly designed “V” cover. Engi- i i fi tt « r -i q . • students are expected to
delphia Orchestra under the direc- neering for victoiy i.s the theme of °®'kne j ic . . ivi eivice piesent for each meeting of the Ragains. tion of Leopold Stokowski. This tbe Engineer for 1943. Commission and the U. S. Office classes in which they aie enrolled. Neprud On Special Duty music takes you to a realm of There aie opportunities loi jobs Education. Pioviding a sufficient Meetings of classes are considered Dining his work in China, Carl purest fantasy in the “Nutciacker on both the editoiial and Inisincss number of students enioll, it will to be important business engage- Neprud has travelled fiom the Rus-
Activities Bureau To Hold Callout Thursday At 4
Suites,” to a land of magic with the staff of the magazine. Students be possible for any institution “Sorcerer’s Arorentice,’’ and then woiking on the editorial staff will engineering training to
conduct the course.
to the primative life in the “Rite be able to get expei ionce in writing qf Spring.” Beethoven’s “Pastoral articles and in learning the meSjTPphony” portrays nature in chames oi magazine prepaiation fantasy, and the “Dance of the Those on the business staff will be Hours” brings forth a fascinating assigned to jobs m ciiculation, adplay between night and day. Con- vertising, and subsciiption service, eluding this picture, the universal The Puiduc Engineoi is a meinfi^ffht between good and evil is ex- her ot Engineering College Magapi‘esscd by a “Night on Bald Moun- zines Associatctl and was awarded tai,n'’ and_ “Avc Maiia.” fiist place for the best editorials ‘Preceding “Fantasia” will be and campus coverage in competintiws at 4, and “Colleges at War” tion with 28 othei colle
At 4:()9 p. m. zines.
luncheon .
which will be served meat from Is'* year’s champion steer. Loyal Alumnus IV. Trophy winners during the conference will be awarded at this
time.
A new feature of the conference will be held tomorrow afternoon when the Indiana farm and home safety conference is held in Fowler Hall at 1:30. W. C. Powers of Gen-
Activities bureau callout for all eral Motors will be the featured
fbo OIpp Club iinflpv thp dirpctinn second semester freshmen and speaker and his subject will be of A. P. Stewart, and also by the sophomores will be held on Thurs- “Selling Safety.” The purpose of Univprsitv Orchoshva directed bv January 14, at 4 p. m. in the the conference is to impress on
Activities Bureau office, room 358 those attending the conference that in the Union. At that time Bill accidents in the home and on the Reckman, diiector, and the five farm will cut down our volume of junior managers will explain the production and so hinder the war opportunities open in the Activities effort. Thus methods of safety will
eau. be explained.
Workers will be able to choose This will be followed by a ban-
Start At $2,000
Upon fauccc.ssful completion this com be, the individual will be eligible toi junioi engineer posi-
Flavor Specialist To Speak Before Dairy Club Tonight
ments and students are expected to sian border to the French Indomeet these engagements in the China border, and from the coast
same manner that any careful per- j-® lai mteiioi. Smee the out- the type of work they are interested quet at which N. E. Dearborn of the son meets important business or le wai in ima, epiud different staffs: inter- National Safety Council will disprofessional appointments. All mat- has been on special dutj^ doing eligibility, publicity, office cuss “Safety Goes to War.”
of ters relative to these engagements hason work betvyeen the Ministry projects. Juniors in charge of are matters for arrangement be- of Finance in Chungking and the different activities are Jane tween the student and the instruc- Inspectoiatc General of Customs in Faye Tyler Bill Moore tor involved, except in the case of Shanghai. The natui e of the woik Libbert and Bill Snow, tions paying an ontiancc salary of the penalty day rule. gave him oppoitimities to travel $2,000. May Lose Credit and obscive conditions in areas The pm pose of this piogiam, as 2. A student who fails to meet such as Indo-China, Thailand, explained by the Civil Service Com- his class engagements satisfac- Bmma, and India, maga- niission in a recent lelease, is'to toiily may be denied ciedit for exer- Prisoner In Hong Kong
zines. tiain women to take the place of ciscs missed. A student who be- He was held prisoner in Hong All articles aie wi itlen 111 a semi- male engineeis, many of whom comes seriously delinquent in at- Kong for six months after the technical manner and cover re- have entered the armed forces. tendance majo upon the recom- Japanese captured the city and was
scaich carried on throughout the Fmther information may be oh- I’lendation of the instructor, with leleascd to the United Slates in Thursdav the eomnlete ore-an Cant Ralph E. Boulton,,officer in country, the events ol engineering tamed fioin the institution offering aPProval of the head of the retuiii for other Japanese states- of the Activities Bureau^will cha^rge o/Marine Corps induction
lionoraries^ and all other inloima- the course, oi* from the nearest which the student is en- men beiuj* sent to thcii homeland.
Marine Corps Fills Quota For January
Students will still be eligible for enlistment in the officer dai^didatee'
ested in extra-curricular activities class of the Marine Corps,' accordare welcome to attend the meeting, ing to an announcement issued by
Many Opportunities
At the present time there are many openings on the staffs for both coeds and eds and, since no previous experience is necessary, all fieshmen and sophomores inter-
lion pel taming to the engineering
world.
Earl G. Weed, treasurer and head of the Public Relations Department of Foote and Jenks flavoi specialists, will speak at the Januaiy
Lant Writes Article For 'Better Roads'
rolled be dropped from the course He tiavelled on the neutial ship,
by the Dean of Men or the Dean Giipsholm.
of Women. A student so dropped
Binder, Hall Write Article On Acoustics Di. R. C. Binder and A. S. Hall of
Civil Seivice Regional Office.
Seniors Eligible
Senior engineeiing students may ^hall be given a grade of “F” in the
qualify without further training, as couise.
may individuals with othei types 4. Any student who fails to atof technical training such as astron- tend the first session of the term omy, chemistry, geology, physics, m any couise shall not be permitted
N. E. Uni, C.E. 1913, Budge En- mathematics and engineering sci- to continue m the course unless
meeting of the Dairy Club in Smith gineei foi the Louisiana Depart- ences who can show six semestei jn’ovided with the piopci author-
Hall tonight at 7:30. ment of Highways, is the aulhoi of hums in strictly engineering sub- jzation from the Dean of Men 01 the Mechanical Engineeiing School ^ Weed will discuss the growing an illustuited ai tide (in the Decern- .i^cts. Women who are interested the Dean of Women. aie co-authors of an article entitled, R. B. Hickok anti curing ol the vanilla beans in her issue of Bettei Roads ) en- iiigcd to inqiiue about this 5 jvjo course shall be cancelled “Compaiison Between a Haskell OiCentral America and the manufac- titled “Louisiana Floodvvay Spans”, ti'aining. i„ (-he last four weeks of any term gan Pipe and a Simple Open Pipe”, ture of the beans for vanilla flavor- 'I'he need of auxiliary channels to Since people in these professions except for delinquency in attend- The article appeared in last Octoing int the United States. His talk handle the flood flow 111 the lower are so badly needed, theie is good ance. ber’.s issue of the Journal of the 8:00 p. m. tomorrow evening in the will be accompanied by films taken Mis.sissippi Valley is the basis of opportunity foi advancement in the In this new set of rules the [len- Acoustical Society of America. lectme loom of Agricultural Hall, in Mexico, the heart of the vanilla Mr. Lant’s article. field of engineering, depending, of alty day uile is exactly the same The article explains the affect of He will talk on soil erosion and bean district. The flood flow has-necessitated course, on the capabilities of the as it has been in the past, and the friction and explains the substantial discuss his recent work on a hydroThis meeting is of special inleiesL important levisions in several state individual student. There is also a lule allow'ing voluntaiy class at- diffciences in haimonic stiuctuie logic project at the University, to dairy, home economics, and ag highways involving the expeiidituie chance to eain over-time pay up to tendance for juniors, seniors and using the Haskell and a simple open Delegates to the Agricultiual Conchem students. Everyone, howevei, of several million dollars foi major twenty pci cent of the yearly distinguished students has been pipe blown in the same mannci for faience are invited to attend this is welcome to attend. bridge construction piojecis. salary. completely omitted. an example. meeting.
be explained. , and recruiting in Indiana. The anThe most important functions of nouncement stated that seventeenthe Bureau every year are the in- year-old college students are qlltei viewing of all fieshman men in gible for the candidates’ class, 1 elation to activities, checking the which leads to a second lieutenant’s
eligibility of all students partici- commission.
plating in extra-curriculai activi- The Leathernecks have already
ties, and lunning of surveys in collaboration w'lth the registrar’s of-
fice.
. . will addiess a meeting of the Soil Science Society of Indiana at
filled their Indiana quota for the month of January by voluntary induction through selective service
boards.
All Students Juniors may receive reserved seat tickets for the remainini; home basketball games by presenting their passports at the ticket office in the Fieldhoiiee today. Sophomores may get theirs tomorrow, freshmen Thursday. —DOANBf
\
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 12, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Officss Ethtarial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phohe After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business ManaeOr Neirs Editor Manamns Editor Benior Advenisine Manager Bports Editor C»od Editor Coed Buiincis Exccut vc
■\ViUiain G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinklc Hale E But? James G Petty Joseph S Baivsdn Sally Beall A Jane Keim
Publication Staff
Editoi lal Staff
Associate Editors B J Cailoi T 1 Ricl ir! o W H» Tyson W L Vtrmilioi M L Sni th
dell E Murphy
Coed Staff 1 nyliu Mann J ar ha Lee Ribs Carolyn Wilbur
E ainc Ahrens
Sports Stall C Sownrd” J Ackcimm D Shrjci E Sniitb
L Tilton , Martin
Business Staff
Assistant Adiertising Manaper I Filj Advertising: Maxingrers J Flexon C Gn int J McCullough J Tnbb Circulation Managers W ReckteU'w. aid and R Kioephn Accounts Manager Mars Bills
The Purdue Independent
Edita r-m-Chief
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Smith Sports Editor Smith Day Editor Wilbur Issue Editor Stephenson Workers Watson Hopkii s Lipes Barbion Rodenberg Moore Fora Sommer Edmonlstn Winslow Rhodes Enterwl as sccon 1 class matter at the pi t office in I nfay ette Indiana under the act of Cengress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of jostage provid d for in section 1108 act of October 3 131 authoureil Tanuarj 20 1922 Publi hed n Tuesday Thursday Friday an 1 Sunday n oi nings during the veil Delivcied locally ly can r for 31 for a seme t r oi 33 f 0 for wn s m t r 1 v a 1 f i S>_ 00 for a sen stcr oi ‘^3 0 f i ly 0 s n ost Represented for national alveit mg ly National Adiertis ing Service Inc College P ihlishci Ripresen atiyes 420 Madison Ave Isew Tork N Y
Personnel Service Dm mg’ the fiist pait of December, the Personnel Service undei the direction of W E Vogler conducted ee\eial meetings foi seniois who expected to giaduate m April At these meetings the piocedure foi the selection of companies was explained and lequests for in terview caids weie passed out to the prospective graduates All othei necessaiy mfoimation and foniis weie distiibuted to the stu dents and definite mstiuctions weie given to letuin the completed foi ms to the Peisonnel office immediately Unfoitunately, the Peisonnel office has not received the necessary information and has thus far been unable to schedule interviews foi any of the April giaduates Many companies have had repiesentativcs on the campus look mg for men, but the negligence of the students has prevented the Peisonnel Service fiom bringing the employei and piospective employee togethei Accoiding to the lecords there are appioxi mate^y 102 Apiil giaduates who do not have lobs or who aie not in the Aimy oi Enlisted Reserves It is this gioup that the Peisonnel SeiMce IS tiyiiig to place in some branch of industry wheie they v ill ha\e a chance to do heir part in the war eftoit Dll mg past years the Peisonnel Service has had an enviable lecoid in placing University graduates and the system used here has b-^en recognized by industrialists as one of the most unique and efficient in the country Dm - ng 1942, the service placed an aveiage of 93 per cent of all seniors and in many branches of engmeeiing, all of the graduates were pla,ced m industry The service is anxious to do eveiything possible for the men enteiing the aimed services Although he realizes that these men do not seem to be particulaily inteiested in inteivaewing, Mi Voglei uiges them to turn in their companj piefeiences and sign up for in terviews in oidei that the sen ice may help place them aftei the w ai Each applicant must submit a confidential facultj lecommendation foim which is le turned to the head of the student’s school by the faculty membei who does the rating Next the piospectne giaduate checks the com panies m which he is interested and fills out lequests toi inteniev\ caids foi the chosen companies The applicant will be notified by mail to sign up at the Peisonnel office foi an appointment with each company he has se lected as soon as the date ot the visit is defi nitely scheduled The pioceduic is faiil\ .simple on the pait of the students and it is haid to midei stand why the Apiil giaduates have not taken ad vantage of the oppoitumties affoided bv the Peisonnel Depaitment On the fiont page ot todaj s Exponent, a stoiy appeals announcing a schedule ot meet mgs loi August giaduates to be conducted bj the Peisonnel Seivice It is hoped that seniors will attend these metcings and letuin the ntcc san foi ms in oidei that the Peisonnel SeiMce ma\ do a bettei ]ob ot placing Uni veibitv giaduates into suitable emploj-ment The Peisonnel office has pertoimed and will pcrfoim valuable seivices toi Univ'^ersity sen 101 s, but the srmois must coopeiate if then piogiain IS to bi a success —d t b
Wai has put a ciipip m liousinp'' at NoithwLbtcin Univti )tj Gala cioyiIuJ into soiout\ doimitones have been mo7ccl into two I vanslon hotels The ,'ame of habhetball was invinlid in 1891 bj Jamci Maismith an instiuctoi a lit YMCA tollept at Spnnghtld Mass Chailtb N Pact pitbidtnt of llainluit Univtisitj St Paul, tobhtd a f ivil wai habu a kttpbake given himfej hibfnthoi onto the iini\eisit\ s sei ip pile
niie msyiMTOH MERRY-GO-ROUMD By DREW PEARSON Army Uncovers Racketeering Of Airplane Parts; Washington Makes Stew Of Lavish Parties WASHINGTON—A 'melb scandal invohing aimy airplane patents ib being uncaithed at Wnght Field bv Maioi Bill 0 Dwyci the New Yoik state s attoi ncy who helped to clean up Biooklyn The scandal involves seveial government officials who have woiked inside deals with aiipHne paits nianufactuieis One lacket woiked this way when a ccitain Wiight Field employee evolved an iclei oi patent he would sell it to an mteiested company Then he an official would tuin aiound and wiite the government specifications so that only* the gadget he had invented could be pui chased by the Government Another lacket worked this Way when a certain manufactui ei wanted to sell a special gaoget or pai t such as an oil cooler it would get a man on the inside at Wiight Field to write the specifications so only this partieulai invention could be pui chased Foi doing this the inside man got a kickback This stifled competition and often prevented the best p-oduct from being sold The man who fiist buspected this lacketeenng was Harold Talbot WPB’s crack aircraft production man One of the things that made hi'f unpopular with the Arm> w as his stream ot suggested reforms for Wright Field Undeisecietaiy of Wai Patteison chstuibed ovei smelly lepoits appointed the loimei Biooklyn piosc cutoi BillO’Dwr-iei now in the Aimy to investigate He has found so much diit that his lepoit has been late The Justice Depaitment will ciack down soon Note Talbot got on the Anny's neivcs so badly that they absolutely lelused to let him sit on the An Cl aft Boaid and he lesigned He was one of the best men in WPB ® Dinner Party Politics It begins to look ns if the ne\t political ennpaign would be a wni of dinnci paities—^the losei being he who thiows the mort elaboiate dmnci That is the implication attached to the 3 000 000 leaflets Republicans aie quietly cii dilating giving the menu and paitial guest list of the dmnei which milhonaiie Beinaid Baiuch spicad in honoi of Mis Haiiy Hopkins It is a devastating piece of campaign liteiituie Aftei i lemindci of intiomng and wai fiont siffei ing the leaflet tells how Baiuch showcicd vintige champagne caviai pate de foie gias" lobstei tiiikey ind a long list ot othei luxuiies on his guests Ihe leaflet neglects to say that a majority of the guests were high ranking \rmy uid Navy ofhters plus Republicans from the V\ar Department with Leon Henderson and Hojpkins the only New Dealeis present Because ot that omission it is all the mine potent and Roosevelt politicians eiewed the leaflet as djna mite until—a political gift from heaven fell then wav This took the form of an even biggei dinner by Republican Major Richaid Mellon nephew of Coohdge s Sccretaiy of the Tieasiny Andiew Mellon So now it s ev cn In fact the Democi its s ly the dmnci table balance is nov definitely on the Rcpiibh can side Foi while Baiuch had 30 guests Dicl Mel Ion had 80 And wheieas Buuch thicw hi spiea in a hotel Mellon did things le illy right in the home he leased fiom Mrs Paikc Bi idy the toimei Elcc*noi Ryan of the Thom is loitunc Ryans As to expenses Baiuch and Mellon piobably weie ibout oven Beinie gave all his lady guests pcifumc but Mellon impoitcd Emil Coleman s danc'' band non New Yoik at a leputed cost of aiound 000 Also he biought fiom New A oil Dwight Fiskc cafe so eicty s pet monologmt whose fee is aioind imOO to i lecital Note Pii/e icmaik DemoeiaLs le quotin^ on tlie Mellon paity was that of one loignctted dow igei who said goodbye is follows It w is a level jiiitj Theie hasnt been one lil c it sme" dc i VIi C eolidgc left the White House Uncle Baruch's Economy Real lol e on Beinie Bnueh is tint loi i loi g tin t ho has been wilting membei s of his i mil thit they shoul 1 be caietul tboui: e ti \ i„ u ce hoi I 1 c o littl eiitertiimng ruitheimoie Baiiieh hin‘■ell cUlom goe outtodnnei iidhisovi i m ei isu Ih nel k only ton oi five people So after the Hiirv Hopkins blow oul i niemoei n his family shook an act using finger at him hat does this me in Lnele Beinie she scolded ‘Ileie yoiive been telling us not to entertain and w utin„ us letters about being evti vagint uul then vou throw i party like this Ml Biuieh hool hi heidsidC A 01 1 now Id nil now much aboi t il I lift It ill in’Mis Vlieyshind Note Itopl ms muned the toimei iM Alaev Mrs. Luce's Women In ( ongicssw om in Cl ue Boothe L i ee s j 1 ly 1 h AVomen time is i stem whtie i ■,ioup ot pio pee live divo eecs iic iltin^ i i Rem hotel eutting llie he lit out ot eaeh othei with ..,osbi]i AIo t men eonsid ei the eeiie tiue to hie man\ women do not But how leeui ite he w is Mi I lue I i elt leili/e unt 1 ‘■he eime to Congiess uid v v viewed by the I idies of the Pies She had kept them w uting m the cold i ulioul st i tion then dodged them 1 hey weie fuiious M aeii they linally eoineied hei thev denionsti ated eonelu ‘-ively that the fomale ot the species is more de idly (hail the male Iheie was no question too mean to ask her and since then nothing MiI uee has done hab escaped then itteiition—even the iaet that her petticoat bhow ed w hen she first w ent on the flooi of ( ongress luitheimou Mis Luces Ripuhlitin 1 uly col 1( agues also ue moie de idly thin the mile Mi hiaiiees Bolton ot Clcveluid uid Mis Iditli Nouisc Rogeis ot Mass ithu cits aic cnaiming and giaeious to male membeis but when it comes to letting pietly Ml"- I uc( on tlu import uit I oieign Atf uis ( ommit tie they ue dog in the inuigci Iwo women on the committee is lonii' uiy they s ly thiccs i ciowd But—some oi the menJolks in C ongicbs think Mis I uce would be a foithiight intelligent adoinmcnt to the Dies Committee Ii tut they think the Dies Com mittee eould use on e bi ui — uid not iveii the 1 icly itporteis will di ny ih it Mis luce has hi ini ((opvnelit 1011 bv Umh i r I ntiii ( Riiv In lU Ti )
GRIN AND BEAR rr
By Litchiy
14
rfH
c.)^
Jusl Looking Around By Jatk Abbott .uul Jim IlitbattUon Ncwspapcimcii miqhl have '•omc mramous among their number, but last week one oT the iiukistiy’s haitU t woiking membeis co\oicd him tlL and hi inoJc sion with honor when he turned o\ci a i at iccunulition oi evidence, involving mairt 0 called isokitiomsts to the Depaitment ot Jufctice Thife rcpoitci, Dillaid Siokts, ha been voiking toi over two
yeaib in accumulating inJoi mation winch has k d to the aiiost and indictment of tl pel sons Many membei s ol Washington’s officialdom have
congiaiulated Stokes, but his deitm ht il i cKhuh his put
chiot piide comes fu m the kUoi
sent him by Stniloi Buiton K jlu Wheelei ot Montim Dh tiniloi i uv u stitcs tint S okes Is 1 s oo„( of che j e lei pi
govcinmcnt and will some d ly le giet the snooping th it he h is done
Stokes immediately published the j,., p,
Scnatoi s lettei and n pictiie show mg him tilking to i loimci N i/i agent who lecentlv has been pi iced behind bais by the government
The Picsi lent vv ill fvee the ciiti v a ul turn lui i iveinncnt They cal pciiod ot this coming Coii^icss h vc (1 th stil 1 tint thcie is no
11 el tl 1 g ot the 78lh Coiviess It Ihev will icccpthi IIX plan' many qI ill ill live isol itionisls will be 11 t then huiici igainst lu Pu uknt ciumbk Iho Piesi
n Cl I 1 his post vv u peace ml h t ihe Congiess is in 1 \ dim to b ck his s'tated
llu 1 1 an idi IS
I tflj '’mi mm coiiespondents
C I me e c ipd il have hid V (n tin t ilk going thi eounliv eoneei nmg the ( f tlu { him e govcinmcnt then ttemiit to „ct moic
u oui leclin to 11
“I’d run aw \y and lom the aimy in a minute—but I undei stand they lust send you to school too’
tomoiiow when h del ms 1 is 11\ raosbigc At tnt lime he will Ic ible to tell to wlnt extent lu Ins
ill \ 11 Chile c oilienl cucles b it (111 Kill il to iicognuc the (hi 1 I s the most lUpoi tint
University Calendar Tyesdtay, 12
11 30 A M 11 oO A AI 11 0 A AI b 00 r AI J 00 P AI
11 30 A M 11 30AAI 5 00 P AI 7 30 P M
I 11 u 1outh Luncheon Puil ev Gioweis I unehco
Ind 1 11 m V ma„cme! t I i nel
Peel ition I e deis D nnei
Room lo Union Old Chest i t R n I i on ( ol cc SI op T c Unu i roFte hop I oc Lnion
I
Ru il Aeuth Putv X Bill o i
Wednesday, Januaiy 13
In li m i Livestoel banquet s P i 1 v i Ut i n Indian Coin Glow01 b Liinehcoii Rv m Cv Union Ii dnin Coin Blowei Bmauet X B Ihoem Unien Mcctin., of Soil Sci Soe ot Ind Lietui I n Ag II ill
Phi Sigma Kappa social ti itei iitv mnounccs the initiation ol Oivilk Long AI i non T enh \ ‘-oini Gaiv D v Belli Cl 1 uv I lines'^on ill i Bell
P c Du tee W h^a ■'Imci H n mill Ol I ul T’l To r k 1 Ai hu I J ol Pol Cl t Rci PI I (V d Aluiiav a n e AA 1 i P
Duninm South Bend
LyUA
TODAY and TOMORROW
■ tai 1
UNDER THE SPONSORSHIP 'fifW i THEATRE OF THE NATION’S STATION WW & WW JOINS IN A S®-Ci¥¥ WBUm MiMIKE Honor ng GREGOR ZIEMEP WLWs Famous Ne vs Background Commentator
foni’ain Ohio ton ll 11 Chiilc I o r scpi AVI 11 1 Si 1C 1 f h ehei t Di ( 1 oi
Centn i k i n I 10 I
I
s r-Vuesddy, January 12^ 1943
Bdilermtih&r Spdrts
Riveter Quintet Prepares C r r ' T M- s. jIiows Promise In For Trip To Minnesota , ,^,1^
By Sheldon Wdtson Gliding along with a record of four won and four lost, Coach “Piggy” Lambert and his Boilei makei s will travel north this coming week end to invade the camp of the Gophers of Minnesota! Preparation for the tup to Minnesota began last night as “Piggy” took the lads through a series of fundamentals The practice session was comparatively light, as a leward for the team’s siz:^ling victory over
the bewildered Maroons of Chicago last Saturday evening I Because of thfe shortage of
cumulated a total of 280 itiaikois to then opponents’ 23G This also show*' that the Gopheis aien’t lun rung away with all of then games
ticansportation facilities, the in then initial game of the piesent
season, the Gopheis won an easy one ovei the quintet fiom South Da-
Boilermakers will meet the Mmnegota quintet on Satin day eve ning and will stay over to play i second tilt on Monday evening This will be the Rivetefs’ fiist cxpeiienefe with the waitime double game
kota State by a 62 52 veiclict Daitmouth Only Gophei Loss Noith Dakota State was the next the Minnesota victim list and
atiangement Minnesota had its j-gu gq 34 the supciioi first taste of this schedule last week Gopher Caileton suffeicd a 35-29
end Saturday they took a close one from Iowa by a 46 46 scoie Last night the Gophers met the lads ti om Iowa in the second stiaight tilt and the outcome of this Day was un known when this stoiy came out ot
the typew'iitei
Boflermakeis at 50-50 Mark Whitewashing the Chicago invad eis Satuiday night biought the Boil
loss in then Minnesota visit, and South Dakota did likewise to the tune ol 49 29 Riding high, the Gopheis wore iniadod by the eastern champions, Dai tmouth The outcome ol this fiacas bioko the Minnesota Mctoiy stung, as they fell by a 47 IS scoie Iowa was the filth victim on the Gophei schtdule They lost then encountei 46 45 last Sat
eimakeis up to the 50 50 maik in mday cvennu
theiecoid books In the scoring de paitment the Riveters hive scoied a total ol 349 points to then oppo nent^’ 307, This indicates that mo'-t of the tilts this season haie been fanly close, with ot couise the ex ception of the Chicago attaii On the othei side of the ledgii the Minnesota men have won five and lost only one They have ae
Coach Lambcit’s Rivetcis will he at lull '-ticngth foi tlm trip this wee k end As tar as physical handi Cdjis go the Boileimakcis haven’t been aetiially hampeied Some setbacks in the lostci have come as a result ol the Ai nii> and Navy needs The lineup loi the double session at Minnesoti will probably be the same as was used in the Chicago iiay
Get your money for books handled by the Book Exchange between 4:00 and 5:30 in room 204 of the Union.
BOOK EXCHAHOE
IndoOi tiack piactice was feattiicd ycstciday by the luniiinc of the 60 yaid high huiellcs in 8 2 seconds by sophomoi e Paul Gut ling Althou h this is not a iceoid time, it IS veiy good consider mg that it IS the fust time trial lun by Gutting and ycstciday was only the Second iihie that ho has worked jit tins season Paul comes fi om a long line of famous runnels IDs biothei Ste>re will be lemembeied by all tiaek fans, as in 1939 he established a woild’s lecoid by luinnng the 60 yaid high huidlcs m 7 1 seconds In acldftion to this he set sevcial other records Since that time the iccoiel in the lun lies his been c\ cc'ccled Paul Sets Records, loo Paul, himself,' hails fiom Shelbv V die, whei c he held sevei al outdoor lecoids while in hmh school and last season he established the ficshman indooi iceoid of 7 6 sec onds m the 60 yard high Inn dies foi the Riveter Fieldhouso He is expected to moie than fill Ins brother’s shoes Coach Heimon Phillips has been slowly conditioning his piotegcs and held time tiials yesieiday afternoon Ihe fust inclooi meet of the present season will be Januaiy 25 when the Boileimaker squad will face Indiana in the local Fielelhouse Indiana has suftei ed the loss ol Kendall and Mitchell, two of then best men and the Rn etei squad is figined as being moie than capable ol defeatiim them Fne Good High lumpeis So lai this s'cason, thiec Deshmen and two vc silv men have e\ ceeded six feet in the high jump riic Jicshmen aie Don Munson 'Walt Blum, and Dick Kilpatiiek while the vaisity men aie John Bicbnci uid Tom Blown Chuck Close of football fame as well as Wesley C ilhonnc aie e\ pt(tid to gi\e some aciy good com petition in the shot ])i t and \le\ Jc well la iiein^ eoiuitcd upon to tinn in some iciy ood limes in Ins best event tlic mile nm )l , -i, ..-.-m j If You Want Good Work 5 0 1 Your Garments SEE JOE'S TASLOR SHOP I STATF & CHAUNCEY
Last night two of the thice top teams in the Big Ten met in the huge Wisconsin Fieldhouse before some 14,000 fans we had hoped to wiite this after the all important Illim-Badgei tilt however, in oidei to keep in good with the typesctteis and also to prevent the Exponent from coming out this morning with a laige blank space where this column usually appeals, we had to type tins out befoie leceiving any report on the game ^ Both Had Identical Records Pi 101 to last evening both teams had identical lecoids each had suflfeicd just one defeat in eight pievious encounters Wisconsin lost a hoaitbieaker eailiei in the season to NoDe Dame in an oveitimc game 61 59 The potent Whiz Kids, on the othei hand, lost only to the undei lated Camp Grant team that was the night that Don Blanken pushed Ihiough 17 points foi the aimy squad to completely humiliate the toweling Illini ^ Blanken Provides Fireworks This same Camp Grant outfit lost to the Badgeis by a meie two points it was Blanken again who piovided the fiiewoiks this time liteially, because the easily angeied foimei Boilermaker tied into Johnny Kotz, and foi a few seconds the two had quite a time with each othei Don never did have much love foi the high scoring Badgei ace ► “Averages 17.9 Points Per Game , Kotz, lated by many expeits as the finest ball player in the countiy last \eai, scoied 124 points in the seven pie-confeience games foi an unbelievable aveiage of 17 9 tallies pei game he had little Double in win ning the confeience scoiing ciown last yeai that’s even consideimg the time Cecil Polk held him to a measly thiee points in a game heie dur ing the latliei pait of the season ^ One Has To Get Out Regardless of the outcome of la^-t evening’s game, both the Badgeis and the Illini aie picked to occupy the top two places in the confeience laee there must be some mistake heie, howevei, because one of them has to make way foi the Boilei makei s you can’t put all thiee of them in the top two places INTR A MURALS
Future Opponents ShowSr^rt^ Prowess In Week-fn^ Tilts
By Kay Smith 'Z
While the Boilermaker passers were romping" over the cago Maroons last Saturday, other Conference teams display® ability and potential scoring power that is certain to caui^ Piggy Lambert concern before the season is over, jWisconsin and Northwestern put on a scoring exhibititln to the tune of 132 points before a crowd of 3,000 in the Chicago
Stadium. The Badgers jump^ into an early 3-1 lead, but tBe Wildcats were not long in over-
Freshman Basketball Squad Shows Star Material For Future
Bv Bill Hopkins
taking them and the see-sat^ battle was on. With the evetdependable Otto Graham, Bob Jake and Bude Hasse doing the gieatei part of the acoiing the Wildcat five concluded the first peiiod by leading Wisconsin 24--22.
Last Septembei saw the coming Ray Patterson did his part to keep to the Rivetei stionghold of one the Badgers in the game by sending
of the best fieshman basketball teams that has giaced the local hardwood in many a moon Vaisity coach Waul “Piggy” Lambeit’s fondest dreams came tiue when such men as Chailey Haag, Bill Lodge, Jim^ Eitel, Bill Beibeiian, Leioy Biutus, Jim Hinga, Ken An del son, Clay Moody, Jim Stiaw budge, and Jack Vaughn—all, with the exception of Beibeiiaii who hails fiom Haivey, Illinois, among the moie famous and moie publi cized high school bucketeers in the
state
This gioup to a man, has lived up to its advance publicity Each night they beai the burnt of scum maging against the vaisity and, as often as not, they come out on the
top end of'the scoie
Frosh Workout With Vaisitj
five shots through the hoop from the
floor in the first half
Kotz In Action , John Kotz, noted for his high scor;ing ability, started to get into the swing of things during the second half, and contributed five buckets 'to the Badger cause. After the lekd changed continually throughout the final peuod Kotz, Sullivan and Lautenbach sent successive shots thiough the net to bring the Bad-
gers to a 67-65 victory
Waid Williams’ thirteen points on SIX field goals and a chanty toSh led the Indiana team to a 45-3T decision over the Ohio State quinteL The undefeated Hoosiers ran up a 21-17 half-time lead and broadened this m the second peuod to eigM points Had the Hoosiers Capitalize^
K ippa Up
liu fo lowin^ rc^ul 11 riitcinity B Bis If lb ill amLS will be pi yed lucsdiy lvl
ninj.
Cl i rt 1—P lul John'iOTi 00 K ipp i Si},m i vb r
bill n
^ 1 Ac icm \ s llu 11 Chi S 10 -I hi Xippi Psi vs Bcti ahiti Pi S ^ Phi C arnm i Dclti \s Si^m i Pi Cl il 2 St \c Ruda ics 00 Pi K ipp 1 Phi \b Navy 1 All ha lau OmLt,a w Di Ita Cl i S 10 AI} h i Kapp i Limbda Vb Thcti
1 III
^ D A1} I I C mmn Rho \ Thct i Xi Cc it Ten AAhitlotk 00 Phi Kaj»p i V Alpha Si^m i Phi 1 — All h i Mu v '*10 il K ip 11 All h I vs Phi bikm i Kai ))a S 1) 11 U n s Bit i Sij mi Psi Ct It I lim Rud 1 PiJai ki 0< Si m Till p don \s Dell i I lu
1) It
T Si m i C hi s Aiph j Chi Rho bib i (1 i C 1 1 All h i \ Kapp i D Ita
Rh
b I I } I ' )i I hi \ Phi Dilti r t
imes will be pi lyed Wednesday cveninpr January 13 Regular gamcb to stait Mon diy Jan 18 Court 1— Howie Cca^cr 00 Ward lOA vb Ward lOB “ r)—Ward llA\s Ward IIB 8 10—Ward IIC vs Ward HD S 2o—Ward HE \s Ward U Ciurt ^ Mortin Marks 00 —Waid 22 V'- Waid 11 '■ 1') Ward 21 vb Ward 2) S 10 -Wild 26 \s Wird 2 8 2o—Waid 8 \ W ird 2J
1 he foil )Wii g fiaterniticb aie to have their twi men on the table finnis eourts at 4 p m "-sruisday foi then matches m the tom n iment Ph) Dclt i Theta Phi Gamma Delta Phi Iv 11 p 1 tin K 11 p i Psi Phi Kappa Siemi I hi k ipp i 1 lu Sigm i Nu Phi Si ma Kap ]) i II Kippi \]ph i Pi K ipp I Phi Sn,m i Ml hi Ep il n bi mi Alph i Mu Sit,mi Chi bi mi Phi LpsiloT
As of late five of the freshman, ^^^ore than fifty per cent of them Haag, Lodge, Biutus, Beiberian, tosses the scoie might have
and Ertel having been woiking out bsen even largei nightly on the vaisity conit undei Wise Leads Buckeyes
the evei watchful eye—in case the Ohio State suffeied a sevei e blow Western Confeience officials lescind vvhen thiee of the first eight were then ban on fieshmen paiticipat declaied ineligible Among the^'
mg in varsity athletics—of Lam
belt
One of this squad who is lapidly gaining favoi as a futuie Boilei makei stai is Chailey Haag, blond basket bombaidiei who pieped at Bosse High School m Evansville
was the veteran Bob Shaw. "Wi^ and Geeowets led the Buckeye alftack, Wise getting 12 and Geeowets
nine points '
Last yeai’s conference champion|, Illinois, jumped into a 32-6 lead over the Michigan Wolveimes in the first
rh
fjll fiaUiniticb will rn (11 foi m Etc Iks in thi. I i it< rnity labic Ten III iiiKiit It 1 1) m Wtdntsiliy ovc
Sit, 111 Pi t: I U In Ihtl li II k
ui Ep lion Phi Inn K ippa rin riKtn Inn Phtta Xi
Now that all of us^are spending more time ‘'at home’’^kt’s make it as bright and comfortable as we can.
The following simple devices will definitely give better light without using more electricity. \ \ / /
Discard colored bulbs. By actual test it has been proved that they absorb one-third of the light. Be sure to keep bulbs, fixtures and glass bowls clean—■ dust can dimmish light as much as 30%.
Replace dark shade linings with white linings ■—or very light ones—to reflect light rather than absorb it And be sure to keep them well dusted You'll be thrilled with the results.
Conversion units are easily applied to old table and floor lamps to give scientific eyesight protection. Modernize your old lamps this easy way and keep your family on the road to better light, for better sight!
lliose are easy tips to take adv.yitage of, and there are others Be sure to ha\c the light souice as near as possible to your woik, but be caicful to plate it so that no direet or indiiect glaie lefleets in youi t)es Iitrythiuoi se u used foi leading or w iiting
should have its own lamp Height of lamp Is important, too riooi lamps should be 58 inches fiom tloor to shade top—table lamps, 2 \ inches fiom base to top of shade. Youi clcctiical dcilci can suggest additional w i)s to help piotcct )Oui lamily^s c)cs.
T1 Dt ill tcinitv bqiu h will binn in ill il i\ Jinuu> 3) Comixtition will be 1 thr c nun 1 m All matches will T c L Iw ut ( 1 three ^amt-s Ihe ti ir i m t (. w II e n 1 t t i i thrci K:anu schecl Ih 1 hi 1 st t ims U the ul \ 1 1 Hum nt will hi f heeled o it it the ‘-k I it wnd w I it till Hurts The f !! vnu t am wi 1 h i\ piaeticc in Wed ''i s 11> Jinu iiv Is
C(iIt 1-
1 1 M h i K ipp i I imb i i 0 D H Ch S 1 Phi k PI i Psi
C irt —
( I A u a " '"’O 1 hi P) t-i i h t • 1 hi K ijip i i ni
C( 11 ( 1
{
8 1
\ Iph i T lu Ome^ H I Kappi I I 1 ^i ma K ijip j
Evei ytJnng fot a College Education DEAC’S
Chailej, who is lated to be one ol half and then stymied a Michigt^
lally to win handily by a 4'T*^
count
Andy Phillip went wild in scoimg foi the Illini with nine field goate and one fiee shot Phillip with his 19 points was followed in the seofing foi Illinois by Art Mathisen, who tallied foui baskets from bot& the flooi and the free thiow line f«r a total of 12 points ^ Dovle Gets 12 Points ^ On the Michigan side of the scoring ledgei Leo Doyle split the corefe bi\ times foi 12 points Captain Ji^ Mandlei added foui shots fro® sciimmage to add eight points to tl^ V oh Cline total The Michigan five outscored the Illini in the final stanza 26-15, but the teiiific lead that the champions had accumulated in the fiist period was too much foi the Wolverines to ovei come Minnesota IVins 46-45 Minnesota’s fast passing combination lan into stiffei competition than they expected trom the Iowa Hawkeyes, and were foiced to waft bj the iiaiiow inaigin of one point at the scoie ot 46-45 Nelson, th* Gophei centei led the scoimg wit^ 17 points He was followed by Lincl w ha seoted 12 pewits a
the bettei haidwood men evei to come out ot the depths ot southern Indiana, is consistently among the leading scoieis foi the fiist yeai men in then foiays against the
vai bity
Haag \, Defensive Man, Too In the iccent Pieshman Vaisity game. Chuck, while doing a stint at his usual guaid post, held the vai sity’s piesent leading scoiei Eddie Ehleis. pointless Ehleis latei hit the scoiing column but it v is v h le Haa^ was out ol the game Dining bis picp sciicol davs, Haag jouincyed to tic st itc fin ils as a tieshmin mcnioc ot the Bosse Hi„h School squad Latci in a post season contest at the conclusion ot Ills se'Moi yeai Chailey oiitscoied high SCO’ iig All YmeiKan G s^ie Docinei who held the hi-,h joints pel game aveiage among the state’s colle.,eb loi thiee yens iimning Anothei ot the tieshmcn stal waits IS Bill Lodge a'l state ioiwaid toi two \tais non M iilison Bill We,s bio teams leading scoiei foi those two jcais ai d Dd Mach on to its luniiei up spot in the stale touiI ament in 1941 I odoC was latei named on the (See 1 RESHM4K SQU ID page i)
Come over to the PURDUE UNION and enjoy some of the free facilities offered to you — BHDWSIIVG Hqd|l A Good Book, An Easy Chair, Ah!! MUSIC RDDM I 1 Symphonies, Semi-Classical, Etc. ilHECK ittiOM East Check Room Open All the Time IDUMGES t ( Located All Over the Second Floor! ^ JhsL I » ’ PuiudiuL TFlmufuaL lAniofL The Corner of the Carnpub— Yet the Center of Acthntiesi i
1“
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 12, 194S
Prof. Kahles Speaks On Powdered Metals 'At a meetiiisr of the Aineiican •Oiemical Societj' last iiiprlit, Pi of John F. Kahles of the Unlvelslt^ of Cincinnati spoke on the tinielv subject of “Alloys fiom Powdeied Metals ” He lectured hefoie a ^loup of approximately sixtA membeis of the society and guests m Stanley Coultci Hall The lectuie followed a dinnei at which Pi ofessoi Kahles was the guest of honoi He began his talk b^ a biief consideration of the giain and ciystaline stiuetuie of metals He then considered the scveial steps in making paits by the powdei piocess, namely making the powdei, pack irtg, siritermg, and then sizing the ailicle The talk was illustrated by slides of vaiious giam structuies and numeious samples of the different applications of powdeied mclalluigy He then showed examples of aiicraft and automobile paits which arc made bv the powdei piocess and gaxe samples of the piocess to the menibeis of the audience Billiard Room To Hold Exhibition Tomorrow An exhibition billiaid match will be held tonioiiow ecenina m the Billiaid loom Coach ^\'hltlle^ will tiy to make 200 points, 18 2 balk line billialds while Hal Robeits will strive foi 100 points stiaight rail billiards Robeits lecenth qual ifiied foi the final bilhai d chain pionship of the Ijniveisit\ In win ning the Stiaight Rail Billiaid Toumament The Billiaid loom is now conduct iiig a lound lobin, thiee cushion touifiament Robeits and V G Shaip have qualified loi the louiid lobin b^ winning two games apiece John Blanton follows with one game to his ciedit H W Eottomlej, J McLean and R H Popejov have yet to play Ra^ Paikei and R F Paxton weie also enteied but were called into the ai my Freshman Squad (Continued fiom page d) Indiana All-Stai team which met a similai squad tiom Kentucky last
August
Ofie of Lodge’s teammates on the All-Star five was Jim Eitel six foot-foui, 200 pound guaid fiom Tipton Jim, a veiitable Gibialtai on defense is the youngei biothei of Maik El tel toimei All Amei icdn fiom Notie Dame Frosh Beat \ arsitv The above basketballeis foim the nucleus of the squad which bested the vaisity in a sciimmage last night by a scoie of 61 to 54, having led 21 to 10 at one point in the game Majbe thiough the leniency of the Big Ten standaids, heie lies the solution to the Rivetei basketball problem patronize EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Notices
No Notice*! will he RcccpteH ihiH column after € p m on the day prcccdmff the issue Sophomore Union Workers Pltnsc report 10 tho South Ballroom as soon as possible to assist on the Student Book Exchange PERM AN Alpha Phi Omcffa Ktvs arc m foi those *\ho pnid before the dtaUlme Sec Bender, 2-ii SW Car\ Hill -BINDER Ceres I irst mtctinir Tucsda> Tan 12 at 7 p m in loom 222 of the Union Keys arc read\ —HAYES Glider Club Mtetinu Thursday Jan It at 7 U) p m in room 212 T\cryone come SALISBURY Sea Board RtRulai mcitinp: of the board ( n Tuc d«\ Jan 12 it 7 10 p m Nomin i tion and election of new treasurer plus oth er imjrortHnt business makes voui attendance m \ndator\ ~ ^NTONACC'IO POMM McelinK nt \t Tuesday Ian 12 ai 4 p m in Armon 1 Uction of pledjjes for cominp: semester will be held and pro srram of actieitiefa presented All actives are nrjrod to attend —PHILLIPP Freshmen and Sophomores All inteiest«d m comine. OMt foi truk man lyci uport th( southeast comer of lh( I leldhouse Tues (la^ Janu irv 12 at 1 p m GUPPFNBPRGER Purdue Pharmacist Stiff mi el me? Wid nesda\ 1 mu ir\ H U 4 }> rn in Room 311 PhHimie\ buildin^ for reoi j, mization GORDON GE II and 12 i^samin uion*. f )i th( n mu\ i! (f (unditioUs in Gl 11 md GI 12 Hill bi ul^i^ on Jan U l‘)t from 1 to 1 1 m in Room 201 Michael Goldin Sheips
RISING
rnfflish and Speech Pxams Mile up exams f ji st lel ni with e nditions in Fnj,lish and Speech will 1) hill on Situidiv afteinoon Ian 0 it I o clod in Room 201 Univtr ily 11 ill RemoMilif et million cirls should be blamed 1\ Fiidiy iieeidin,!: the (ximina ♦ion fiom tho I n lish olliee 108 U’^Jversitj Hill GRPLK Omitron Nu Meetine of a(tive’‘s ilumnac aid fi iltv mimbers 1 iesiUi\ Jan 12 it 1 1 m in th H ime I coi mie Huildinj,
BEAI I
Pistol Team Pi etu will le held in the \ini(u\ Tuuiui 11 P mil 11
BROM N
Pharm ic> Seniors M et in ro im Ihllmu^ B 111 hn^ 1 lesd o Tni P at 1 1 n t lie uss 1 1 ms 1 t se nu r p u uU GORDON U1 Alilt Students \]1 e nils ml i im i e uteis ir unit d t> m open inietin^, if MliliT Phi Om f, 1 meitnk riusdaj Jan 1 it \ m m i m 30 e f the Unien I le i ( h |)iim))t Judjci W I Paikinson will t ill n e im GOSSVVLIN Chem I In d i\ J mu P mietinStin 1 ^ Lo iltei Hill K m 101 10 i m
PI \KCP
Iljinj? Club Imi uLint m Unj, 1 le d i\ J ip P 30 1 ni m loom 0 thi Tjniin
scEi/r
George A. Satter giaduate assistant in the ap plied psychology laboiatoiy at the Univeisit\ has been made Diiectoi ot lestin„ at the Vigo Oidnance Plant Concan Oidnance Co Inc at Teiie Haute He will diiect and administev all ps^ chological place ment tests used in allocating em jilo'sees to vaiious types ol woik in the plant Patton paik locatec^ on the Mus kingum College campus coveis less than l/350th ot an acic
Chem 1 and 4 Condition exams will be Riven Saturday Jan 16 ;n room 320 of the Chemistry building at I p m sharp No exam without properly certified card
—■PEARCE
Student War Council Meeting Wednesday January 13 at 7 30 p m in the PIA Office It iH Very important that all mrmhers be present “ AUGSBURGER HKN Mcmbcrfl Election of officers Wed nosdly Jan 13 at 7 15 p m m EE build mg Attendance requned REED AIRE Meeting Ihursdav Tanu 14 in PF 251 Prof Sabbngh will speak on the
amplidjne motor control system
-RLED
PCI Cabinet Meetinp at 131 S Grunt Wednesday Jan 13 it 7 p m Please be prompt GRANl Pistol Team Practice will be hi Id in the Aimorv at 4 P m Tuesday and Thursday Jan 12 and 11 BROWN Westminster Girls Club Meeting Tuesday Jan 12 it the homo of Mr Findley 120 Shut? St Su{>p( 1 served nt > 30 Miss Philena Palmer will speak on Wai Ward lobes THOMA Undergraduate Dames I hi re will bi \ melting at t 30 p m Tuesday in room 302 of the Union MeDONALD Alpha Lambda Della Micting at " 30 to night in room 23( in th Union Miss Wil loughbv will be the spe,akirs RIGGS Kappa P«i Melting Wednisdny J muarv 13 it i 30 J) in in loom 502 of the Union
IHOMS
Mortar Boaid M etin^ Tmsd'is 7 m 1at i p m in tin Debris offiei LAUI R Pla\shop All applie im-> fi i iiwheais m the next pioduction 1 hi lee if Si Maik must he Uu ned in befoi Thui eU y Jinuiiv 1) It 5 1 m I FSIER All Students P u tv 1 >1 the incoming fi ^hinan stud nls will b h Id Snlindie mu iry 11 it 8 p m in th •time i-^Uy Pre^bytenm Church leiuilion loom P\ eiybiiK will eii) e th ilmeme g mie ml if Cl 111 sc re tu hm nt 1 AGC AR 1 Meredith Board Imp it ml bon 1 m etine luesdiv Jmuiiv 1- it \ n lu the H m le Biiililinj VAUGHAN Alpha /eta Me tiiv ^V due die 111 in 1 )om 20 3 ef th Uni in it p m SIvTNNI R I raternite Ru^h Registration All m n SI hint I 1) n Ii t nt ti ill fi it inili f 1 lU hiiij pinp 1 g! t 1 it tin Fri tirn AylilTiis OfTu R m 3.s il ih Union b tweeu t utd ^ i u lif i lulw J It 1 MOPC\N
Wanta tinker? equipment all ae EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
mi-
9
♦Unforgivable Malady of Slip Showia*
Take a tip from Santa give or get Suzette Snip-It Slips for Christmas—and have a Happy New Year, Hemmsfree' To shorten, ;ust snip along the non-ravel scalloped hem that suits your height, and cut oflf the part that shows Dressmaker bodice .. • no-ride skirt. 19 lovely colors. 32 to 40.
/
SNIP~IT SLIPS ^ *Re«, U. 5.Pat.Otf.
Code and Radio Instruction Classes in Beginners, Secondaiy (6-12 w p m ) and Advanced (12 w p m and over) Code and Radio Instiuctioii arc being orgnnived See tions will meet two hours per week, Mon Fri at 4 and 5pm beginning Monday Jan 12 Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armory prior to 4 p m Monday Jan 18 IIESTERBERG Christian Science rin. regulai and bum lusa nrieoting will be postponed one week to iuisdav J in IJ in room 302 of the Union rheic will be no meeting Jan 12 — SOMMER Union Board Important meeting Tiiib dav January 12 at 7 30 p m HU I LR
GENERAL ® ELECTRIC Presents
Classified Ads
Money to loan oti diamonds wniches guns lugffigo tybcwritcrfa Albeitb Joan Office
407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding Maehines ill makes sold rented rcpaiud and purchased Mime ograph work done C T Eborshoff 605 Main I afayette Phone 2770 Lost—Bulova wii^t watch Uilhir strap J iniiar\ j 4 0 in fumt ol I ibiniv Reward ofltiid Riturn to Li'.t Disk of Union Fi edei ic Miteiu 11 Wanted—Students inUiist d in piddhn the Exponent Cill Exponent Abl fur
Reektenw ild
Wanted—Stiidint m laiqu t eoiintei or fli 01 App y Union C ifi U111 Wanted—CihiIs I w il ii Ch sin it K m uul Coffci Shop it me il tim Applv Piudue Union Cafcteii i For Kent—Well fiirnishi I d nibli i< m twin bods mm 1 spring malliessis Men pie felled 531 S Gm nt Ph jno 811 lor Sale—Sehiel ilietiu i iz. i Vim sh^hth u ed 00 tuw Will sill f i 88 01) Call (811 ( 1 in Amliiw Fds—1 in m n \ whiii tu U n J i\ ml seiviee child t ndint ag ni v ill i th s( lution Call H181-. iiu e\ ning it ( lost—Sil\ii Exponent 3 ^ with mitinls J K in back Cill Jam Keim it Exponent
Triton Club Mut n,.. Tuesihn Im it 1 in tl Vv n i M m ml Csn }3PO\V\L rnginoerine Students Cill it f r still I 1) T The Pui lu 1 1 1 (1 will 1 h 1 I on Wiilmsiln J in I it } )> m in lu Fnein ei i Ihe i m HO m th Ui i n 1 Ide kIVlI Rl I I
Alpha mectin„
nbdi
Delti R , h I I li ih jf th Unii
n nlhlv
rraterni(\ Presidents Council M etii Ihuisiiay Mn 11 it the I hi Kill I
TAP DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Jan. 13, 6:00 P. M ADVANCED Thurs , Jan. 14, 6:00 P M. BALLET CLASS FOR CO-EDS Sat., Jan. 16, 11:00 A, M.
ALLEN’S
6lh & Terry
Your EVENING GOWN Will Go to Town . . .
Smooth, Spotless, New looking after our
Sanitone Cleaning
Dial 7278
mm
Electricity passing through demonstrator’s body and arms lights a lamp held in his fingers
The train that obeys spoken commands I -k Motionless motion! A man shake hands with his own shadow! An electric lamp lit with a match! .. ♦ more/ HALL OF MUSIC Wednesday, January 13th, 1943 7.00 P. M. A Sf/0^ PACm m/f ELECTA/CAL rm/is!
WHAT CIGARETTE GIVES SMOKERS WHAT THEY WANT
943
START THE hJwJSAR HiOHT right COMBIMATI^ fOR , a « next pack in 1943 a pack ol C^ST^USlPS and emoV -°Te MiidER, ,he whole year through. ^ smoking P combination ot the ^ Chesterfields Rig Uaccos gives you world’s best cigarette ^ everylhine v“ ^oo hear , That’s why, y ,, buy a -ate sntaWers J „ better cigarette • • • 43 June m on Amer ,o, MO,. . M0.1 POPO o v,o,o„ too.’ ®
f
¥
i/
'''Ifi,
(
r>pyfi^l t UI3 IK on I (St. M n Tciw >0
WRITE LETTERS