A" /’ ■':',
, < < “' f^ ' j y ■* .1 j ™ \
Co-ed Edition 'Feminine Futures' VocatienaJ Guidance Conference Opens Tonight
i , Rrdu ff ^atun^d<!<^ m /S8^
JD<ft/y Swc^ /^08
Volume 52, No. 55
West Lafayette# Indiana
Tuesday# November 12# 1940
is.
V
Beauty Finalists Picked In Debris Eliminations 50 Contestants Selected By Judges To Enter Final Contest On Saturday
Last night the preliminaries were held to pick the Debris beauties for the 1941 yearbook. Approximately 176 co-eds’ names were turned in for the contest and from that number 60 were chosen to be in the finals Saturday night. Only the contestants and judges were allowed in the north ballroom. Although everyone was a little tense at first, the co-eds broke the ice and sighed when cokes were brought to the judges. The contestants had a tendency to walk fast, but by the third elimination were slowing up. Rehearsal In Music Hall A reheai'sal for the finalists will be held in the Music Hall tomorrow night, with a professional model instructing the co-eds on the correct way to walk and turn. The rehearsal will be in formals, not necessarily the ones to be worn in the finals. Tickets for the finals Saturday evening at 7 o’clock in the Music Hall will go on sale today for 10 cents at the west desk and outside
the Sweetshop in the Union. Finalists The 60 girls picked for the final contest are: - Mary Jane Bachelder, Anna Belle Ball, Mary Helen Boyd, Jeanne Ann Burkholder, Emily Caster, Elaine Dafiner, Roselyn Dill, Rosemary Field, Gloria S’ox, Martha Jane Fox, Anne Garland, Janet Glatz, Catherine Heitmann, Judy Horner, Barbara Hyman, Winifred Kreipke, Jean Lauer, Martha Lommel, Pat McLoughlin, Barbara May, Anne Morton, Jean Moses, Jane Ostrander, Ann Ostrander, Sylvia Pittman, Virginia Reynolds, Bonita Robbins, Betty Sexton, Dotty Sieb, Virginia Sommer, Virginia Schakel, Joan Sullivan, Trena Torrenga, Betty Trexler, Ruth ^Wattle worth, LaVerne Zeno, Mary Robinson, Kay Leist, Jailice Yeoman, Jane Robinson, Donna Tyrlholm, Carol Crow, Dorothy Canfield, Elaine Carson, Dotty Davis, Roberta Glezen, Dorothy McLain, Barbara Wiley, Maren Chesnutt and Margaret Grier. m.j.f.
Armistice Day Should Mark Determination For Peace-Hockema Armistice Day exercises yesterday held in the Great Hall of the Memorial Union Building opened with the firing of a 21-gun salute by the Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade. A wreath was placed on the bronze tablet in the Union memorializing Purdue’s war dead, as A. B. Clarke, student president of the Union, read the roll of honor of 64 names. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, in his address said, “For us, this day should be not only a day of remembrance, but still more a day of determination to put forth every power within us to restore a permanent peace to this strife-torn world.” Greater Portion Wants Peace Continuing, he stated, “In spite of the appearances to the contrary, the dominant moral mind of the greater portion of the world, molded by religion, science, the home, industry, education, has chosen the pleasant and peaceful fruits of peace, justice and freedom.” In conclusion. Professor Hockema said, “May we not hope and pray that a twentieth century Waterloo is not far distant? Let us so act that when it comes, the newly freed world will cry with one voice, ‘God bless the free democracies and their people.’ Then the true significance. of Armistice Day will be revived.”
a.r.w.
Blow, Wind, Blow . . . yesterday campus men and co-eds were right when they thought that the wind was blowing a little harder than usual. The University airport reported that the wind reached a 65 mile an hour high.
\
Exponent freshipan ihen wko attended the training schools last Tuesday will meet in the Union office tonight at ^ o’clock. The men who attended the school on Wednesday and Thursday will meet at the same time on those nights ofy this week, respectively. A trip to the Exponent composing room across the river is planned to show how the paper is printed and made up. Freshmen will be taken across in cars and will be back around 10 o’clock.
Westinghouse Man Will Address AIEE Dr. J. E. Hobson, BE EE ’32, control station engineer for Westinghouse, will discuss power system stability at the AIEE meeting tomorrow at 8 in room 254 of the Electrical Building. Dr. Hobson was alternate for Eta Kappa Nu’s annual award for the most promising engineer in industry who has been out of school for ten years. He has carried out research and solved many power transportation and distribution problems. He will illustrate the lecture with a mechanical model, a.c. Hoosier Extension Workers Banquet A Hoosier welcome was given at the annual banquet of Epsilon Sigma Phi, fraternity for extension workers, last night in Chicago at the annual meeting of the American Land Grand College Association. Dean Harry J. Reed of the agriculture school spoke about Indiana, and John Schwab of the extension staff introduced members of the University chapter of the fraternity who were official hosts at the banquet.
Name Staff, Cast For Student Union Thanksgiving Show Robert Hoffer, Student Union sponsor of the Union Thanksgivihg show “Everything But Onions,” yesterday announced the complete cast and the committees working on the show. The people behind the scenes of this annual show are listed: Willis T. Wells, producer and director; costumes by Katy Kern; publicity, Monte Carpenter; dance and direction. Bob Bauman; chorus direction, Hal Todd. The show was written by Bill Hayt and Willis Wells. Paul Reedy and his band will do the music. The songs for the show were written by Willis Wells, Bill Hayt, Jean Skinner, Sam Hamilton, Nona Reedy and Pete Candoli and arranged by Eddie Beardsley and Perry Burgett. Master of Ceremonies Chuck Keene will act as master of ceremonies for f^e cast. The members of the bull session are Joe Rayniak, Frenchie Leinweber, Bob Swab, Huck Branberry, Ed Ford, Layden Southmayd and Bob Stambaugh. The girls’ dancing chorus includes Doris Stroble, Lois Simpson, Laverne Baus, Margaret Hans, LaVeme Muir, Betty Ann Carr, Dorthy Ann Canfield, Tillie Croll, Ellen Bassett, Ann Anderson. Corinne Reifers and Maren Chesnutt. The men dancers are Dick Dunham, Bob Rupkey, George Pyle, Tom Keefer, (Continued on page 2) Dr. Behre To Speak At Second Defense Lecture Thursday Dr. C. H. Behre, professor of economic geology at Northwestern university, will speak at the second of a series of defense lectures in the Music Hall Thursday at 7 p. m. In his address he will discuss the role of strategic minerals in national defense and will emphasize the more essential ones. Lantern slides will be used to show trends in production and ratios between reserves and consumption. Behre is an authority on non-me-tallic minerals and is active in the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers and the Geological Society of America. The local student chapter of AIME will entertain him during his visit here. The defense lectures are planned to set forth various vital phases of the war and the rearmament program of the United States. Although these lectures are planned for students and faculty, the public is also invited to attend. m.k.m.
Guidance Conference Opens Tonight With Dean Blanding; Sessions Continue Tomorrow
23 Speakers U niversity G raduates Of the 32 outstanding business and professional women who are leading the WSGA Vocational Guidance conference today and tomorrow 23 aie graduates of the University. One of the most important topics of the conference, “Homemaking as a Profession,” will be discussed by the Mesdames Lois J. Bryant Henley, Greencastle, C. M. Hardin and S. E. Hartsell, both of West Lafayette. Mrs. Henley, Sc ’34, was awarded the Flora Roberts medal for the outstanding graduate, after being a distinguished student every semester, co-ed editor of the Exponent, secretary of YWCA, on executive board of WSGA, Mortar Board, Gold Pepper and a member of Alpha Chi Omega. ‘Personnel Work In Education’ Jeanette Scudder, Sc ’37, who is now dean of women at the University of Arkansas, will lead the discussion of “Personnel Work in Education.” As a student here she was on the WSGA executive and judicial boards and was chairman for two years of the WSGA freshman orientation committee. She was also a member of Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, Delta Rho Kappa, Alpha Lambda Delta, the WAA council. Sportswomen and Orchesis and Kappa Kappa Gamma. In 1938 she obtained her master’s degree in education at Columbia University. Also in the field of education Miss Hilda Kreft, home economics teacher at Arsenal Technical high school in Indianapolis and Mrs. Ruth Brandenburg Miller, director of research in the West Lafayette schools, will lead the discussion of “Teaching.” Miss Kreft, HE ’29, also has a mastei^’s degree from Columbia University and was outstanding here as president of Mortar Board, vicepresident of YWCA, secretary of the Student Union, and member of Virginia C. Meredith club, Omicion Nu and Alpha Chi Omega. Dietetics Prom the University of Michigan, "where she is dormitory dietitian, comes Miss Martha McBride, HE (Continued on page 2)
Speaks At Opening Session
Military Ball Progresses From Informal "Cadet Hop" In 28 Years; University Band Played At First
By Anita Worsley
On Friday night the co-eds will “doll up” in their most “fetching” formals with yards upon ya^ds of net, taifeta or lace; fix their hair in a becoming new fashion; pin in a
\ flower or two, and go to Military
Ball with their dates “decked out” in their military uniforms or tails. Military Ball has not always been such a strictly formal affair.
“Cadet Hop” To Ball
In 28 years it has evolvefi from the very informal “Cadet Hop” of 1912 to the ball of today. Originally, there were plans in 1910 for a dance but the idea was dropped due to lack of interest of the underclassmen in the cadet corps. This antisocial feeling disappeared, however, and there were 300 dancers at the
first “hop” in 1912'. Borrowed Uniforms
All men had to wear uniforms, according to the rules of the committee, arid if they did not belong to the cadet corps, arrangements
were made to borrow uniforms for them. The music for dancing was provided by the University band. Such “catchy” tunes of the day as “Pansies Mean Thoughts and Thoughts Mean You” and “Oh, You Beautiful Doll” were featured. In 1913, members of the cadet corps of Illinois University were guests at the “Hop,” since the Pur-due-Illinois game was the next day. Proceeds from the ball were to be used to send the band to the PurdueIndiana game as their reward for playing at the dance. Machine Gun Drill At the first ball after,the armistice of the World War, a^squad of ex-servicemen entertained those present with a' machin^ gun drill. The war heroes were easily recognized by thek distinguished servicfe medals. School spirit got the best of the dancers in 1928 and they left the gsrpanasium for a five-minute pep
3^3 ian<
dance floor for tired dancers. The ball committee of 1933 stated that they would not procure corsage^ for the co-eds and did not favor their us^e. They sponsored an early ticket drive, giving tiny nickel sabres with the purchase of every
ticket.
Dean Sarah Blanding Leader At Dietetics Forum
session for the football team. In 1925, the “Cadet Hop” assumed a more formal atmosphere and received the title of “Military Ball.” Spectator Tickets Very elaborate decorations were planned for the ball of 1929. A tent and flagpole were erected on the dance floor. Brandy’s singing orchestra furnished the music for dancing and bugle calls announced the dance numbers. “Taps” sounded^ an end for the festivities. Spectator tickets at 26 cents each were sold on the track for those that wanted to watch the dancers. The fraternity houses offered davenports and
Mildred Inwood Pan-Hellenic Group To Sponsor Dinner The Lafayette City Pan-Hellenic achievement dinner will Jae held Thursday at 6 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. The dinner IS given for all sorority women and housemothers,, Mrs. Evertt Schofield, national president of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, will speak. A reception will be held for hei at 5:30 o’clock. Awards will be given to the sorority with the highest scholastic standing for the past year and to the organized girl with the highest scholastic index for the past three years. After the dinner songs of all the sororities will be sung. Miss Florence Grimes is chairman for the dinner and Mrs. R. B. Stewart is president of the Lafayette Pan-Hel-lenic council, a.c.
Meeting
... of all men interested in forming a rifle club and team tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse.
Co-eds Excused All women students will be excused from any classes which they miss because of attendance at the sessions of the Vocationkl Conference on Wednesday, November IS. Attendance will be checked at each session. Martin L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Discussion Groups Meet T omorrow Feminine Futures, the vocational guidance conference for women, will open tonight at a mass meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30, with Sarah G. Blanding, dean of women at the University of Kentucky, giving the opening address. Dean Blanding, who is also president of the National Association of Deans of Women, will speak on “Today’s Challenge to You.” Music at the session will be furnished by the University Concert Choir. An informal reception for Dean Blanding will be held in the foyer of Fowler Hall immediately following the meeting. Will Continue Tomorrow The vocational conference will continue tomorrow with discussion groups conducted by women who have succeeded in their respective fields. All co-eds will be excused from classes to attend these meetings. The concluding conference tomorrow at 3 o’clock will feature Jacqueline Cochran, aviatrix and business woman. President Elliott will preside at the meeting as well as speak on “Characteristics Necessary for a Job Success.” An informal social hour wiU be held for all speakers and students in the Reception Room of the Union at 4 o’clock. Joyce Burnham, vice presient of WSGA, and Miss Irene Peldt, head of the Placement Service for Women, are in charge of the conference. ' The speakers for the discussion groups and their subjects include^ Miss Alvina Iverson, commercial home economics; Miss Betty Elstun, designing; Miss Jeannette Scudder, personnel work in education; Mrs. Harding Cecil, retailing; Was llSaxf Dienhart and Miss Nila Maze, science; Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, women’s part in national defense; Miss Marion Elliott, business and industry; Miss Mariofi Winterrowd, department store buying; Miss Mary Jane George, Miss MSldred Inwood and Miss Martha McBride, institutional management and dietetics; Miss Hilda Kreft and Mrs. Ruth Brandenburg Miller, teaching; Mrs. Inez Canan and Mrs. Helen HaU Stone, volimteer community service; Mrs. Ruth Lininger Dobson, writing; Miss Margaret Richey, advertising; Miss Virginia Porter, commercial photography; Miss Eileen Lamb, government service; Miss Betty Dutton and Mrs. Katherine Dunwoody Pell; recreation; Miss Judith Waller, radio; Mrs. Lois Bryant Hei^ley, Mrs. C. M. Hardin sak Bdrs. S. E. Hartsell, homemaking as a. profession; Mrs. Mary Turpin, interior decorating; Mrs. Dorothy Reynolds Adle, Mrs. Jean B. ABen and Mrs. Juliet M. Snyder, social service, m.1.1.
Tea Dance
... wUl be held in the north ballroom of the Union today from 4 to 6:46 o’clock. Music will be furnished by recordings for dancing ami any student wiU be admitted on thepreaentation of his passport, aor.w*/
1 i-
PtM
'V ’ <'
' ' f ' •T.ji
At
I A ^ i'ii\i^'
j/y
I /
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# November 12,1940
II
f?
if lly'«
^ 5* Coiuinii
It appears that the Axis campaign has sort of bogged down for the winter. Benito is having his troubles. And Adolph his. It’s too dry for any action in Egypt, and too wet in Greece. Britain isn’t so bad though, except for the air. All around London. It’s full of RAF fliers and unexploded shells.
Then, adding insult to injury, Rumania beats the belligerant boys to the draw by blowing itself off the map. There isn’t enough left of Bucharest even for Hitler to consider it a military objective. Now we’ve been wondering about his definitions for a long time. But it took an earthquake to show us. ' Just what he considered an open city.
At any rate things got shook up a bit. And the oil fields kind of took a beating. Now they don’t have to pump the oil out of the ground any moie. It just oozes up out of the cracks. And what don’t ooze is on fire. If that keeps up for long . . .
Hitler will have to jack his car up for the winter.
In the headlines we see that he; RAF FLIES 1400 MILES TO BOMB DANZIG Those guys are pikers. Not that 1400 miles is just around the corner. But over here. We send our football teams farther than that.
The Purdue Exponent
Bntered w lecond clu* matter'at the post o^ee in liafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conerees of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorized January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnringr the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief _ B. W. Denahue Business Manager JMerle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Elditor J). K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruflner, R. M. Skallerup, J. 1,. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Aecpunts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _ „ — — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB.
Sports Staff Editor. . _ . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ads' vertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Co-ed Night Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Siess Proof: Milier Staff: Nan Zachary, Margaret Fuller, Peggy Howard, Martha aJne Fox, Virginia Barson, Mary Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Anita Worsley, Mary Louise Losey, Barbara Lahr
Well, about one million of our boys went into training yesterday. Donned their khaki and shouldered their
guns. Just a mite ahead of the draft. The hunting season has opened, d.k.h.
Name Cast
(Continued from page 1)
Jims^ JalL
Prank Stenbeig, Hugh Pogle, John Seymour, Jack Houston, Bob Mickels. Gene Unlow, Hank Bollwinkle, Clair McComb and Jack Barlow.
Feminine Futures
Comedy
Larry Brodd and Dick Lynch will do the comedy numbers. Bill Huls, Joe Pfister, Warren Guard and Hal Todd make up the men’s quartet. The girls’ sextet including Jean Skinner, Kay Howell, Mandy Guthrie, Jean Montgomery, Janice Yoeman. Teeny Speith and Virginia Sommer will be accompanied by Sam Hamilton. Mary C. Antenen will do a ballet dance. Girl soloists will be Nona Reedy and Carolyn Wood. Marge Patrick, Nelda Wood and Margaret Young make up the girls’ trio.
CanCan Chorus
Charlie Powell will do the male solo honors. Members of the CanCan chorus are Rickey Reese, Dotty Davis, Ruth Holden, Thelma Goodman, Patty Moffet, Barbara Lupton, Betty Craig, Adele Cole, Joan Collins, Virginia Vestal, Mary Jane Roth, Margy Hans, Lois Simpson, Tillie Croll and Marie Freeland The Beef Trust includes Ted Hennis, Jack Krause, Fred Montague, Carl Potenza, Carl Verplank, Dick Lynch and Jake Weber.
Again today and tomorrow the Women’s Self Government Association presents its biennial conference on women’s vocations. Replacing the Conference on Contemporary Culture that was held on the campus two years ago, this year’s “Feminine Futures” is much more inclusive in its interest. It presents a singular opportunity for undergraduate co-eds to become more familiar with the opportunities that are open to them in their chosen fields of work. The careful planning and hard work on the part of Chairman Joyce Burnham and her committees who invited and made all arrangements for the speakers promises to make this one of the best conference of its kind ever to be held on this campus. The aid received from Irene Feldt, director of the Placement Service for Women, and other interested faculty members has been of great value. The speakers who have been selected were chosen because they are able to tell the Purdue co-eds what they want to know about future vocations. A significant fact is the large number of former Purdue women who, successful in their chosen work, are returning to explain and discuss their respective fields. This is an opportunity that should not be overlooked by any woman on the campus. e.a.s.
'Hoof, Horn' Sponsors Stock Exhibit Nov. 20
Tickets are now on sale at the Union west desk for 10 cents.
Paul Reedy and his band will play the tunes from the show on the “Meet the Band” program of station WBAA on Friday, November 16 and Tuesday, November 19, from 12:30 to 12:46. m.k.m.
Movies
... of the Fordham-Purdue football game last Saturday will be shown at 7:30 tonight in the north ballroom of the Union, a.c.
Members of the Hoof and Horn club and the afnmal husbandry department staff are sponsoring the annual “Little International” livestock show to be held in the University livestock judging pavilion Wednesday evening, November 20 The total number of exhibits on the evening’s program will include 12 head of wethers, including three breeds, nine steers of three breeds and about 30 fat barrows of four breeds. The collection of animals to be shown is in keeping with the University’s policy of exhibiting only fat market animals and not individuals from the breeding herd, e.a.s.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
• Complei'e Model Airplane Supplies. • Fine assortment of good candies, Martha Washington, Schraffts, Bunte.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
University Drug Store
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
NO BREAKING IN-NO BITE. NO BITTER TASTE
DR GRABOW’S PATENTED CLEANER
WLt Vkeu're Wt
By MARY KAY
23 Speakers
(Continued from page 1)
Our formM season opens with the Military Ball, and it is looming on the horizon. This is the first dance of the year where both the men and co-eds will go in formal attire. After studying fashion releases for both the men and co-eds, I willipass on to you some of the fashion hints that I think will be of interest to all of you. —^w'Tw— ^
Since the men feel that they are slighted in this column. I’ll first give them some ideas of what is news in the men’s formal wear this season. The military men, that is, advanced ROTC, reserve officers, and band members, will be excluded in the formal wear of this dance, because they will wear their uniforms. (The uniform getting the gal is still in effect.) —^wTw—
The tuxedo is the most popular for college evening wear, but tails are coming into their own this year. Midnight blue is the undisputed color for the tux, with doublebreasted coats overpowering the single-breasted. The material will have a slight weave this year, either an indistinct herringbone of a diagonal, which makes for a better appeal ance and breaks away from the •old plain weave precedent. ■—wTw— With the tux the semi-soft plait-ed-bosom shirt with the turned down collar will be worn. You will have to learn to tie your bow tie because the untied variety is the only kind that looks smart with the turned down collar. If you are allergic to cold weather (and it is apt to be cold Friday night), you can now get light-weight wool socks in black. Co-eds, you haven’t been forgotten. Gals are covering up this year with sleeves and backs in their evening gowns In the covered-up variety we will see velvets, velveteens, taffetas, brocades, and many other fabiics m blacks, blues, roses, aquas, greens, white, m fact in every color of the rainbow, either in solid color or in combinations. Sleeves will vary from the shortpuffed to the three-quarter length push-up sleeves Necklines will go
lOf/mtu
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Give That
Smooth
Ilow
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION
WE offer you the finest DANCING SCHOOLS IN INDIANA
Study under a Nationally Known Instructor, P. M. Allen.
Have the experience of dancing with a partner. Both ladies and gentlemen now enrolled.
BEGINNER'S CLASS WED. NOV. 13, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS. NOV. 14 7:00 P. M.
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING 6|h and Ferty Sts, Phone 2150
PIPE FOR CHRISTMAS*
A sweeter smoke because Linkman's exclusive ma chine pre smokes every Dr Grabow pipe with fine tobacco (Edgeworth)
MADE BY M, LINKMAN I CO./ CHICAGO MAKERS OF HOllYCOURT PIPES
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
STUART ERWIN MARJORIE WEAVER A 3Qth Cntuiy-Pex Pktur*
PLUS
— ALSO.
BETTY BOOP CARTOON
frdm the extreme high neckline to the very low sweetheart line. Skirts are going to be pencil slim in the crepes this year but other materials will flare out to great widths, some reaching the diameter of several yards. —wTw—
’39, who with Miss Mary Jane George and^ Miss Mildred Inwood, will speak on “Dietetics in Institution Management.” Miss Inwood, HE ’35, has gained recognition as the only airline dietitian in the world, in her position with United Airlines.
College girls still cling to the uncovered style with the tiny straps over the shoulders. These stylds will be combinations of nets, tulles, taffetas, velvets, velveteens and other fabrics above mentioned. Colors for evening dresses will be pastel for the light and fluffy, except the use of the usual black and white. Long kid gloves will appear in white and some colored ones may be in thd showing. —^wTw—
Flowers will be in the hair, on the wrist and a few on the dress. (Men, take note, especially you new men on campus, it is a good thing to ask the little gal what color her dress is and where she would prefer to wear her flowers. You can still surprise her with the kind of flowers you send.) We’ll be seeing orchids, gardenias, roses and some other clever ideas.
Two hospital workers. Miss Mary Dienhart, Phar ’36, and Miss Nila Maze will conduct the discussion of various phases of science. ‘Social Service’ Mrs. Dorothy Reynolds Adle, Sc ’34; Mis. Jean Bordner Allen, Sc ’31, and Mrs. Juliet M. Snyder, HE ’20, will speak on “Social Service,” and Mrs. Inez Canan, HE ’16, and Mrs. Helen Hall Stone will lead the discussion of “Volunteer Community Service.” Mrs. Canan, secretary of the Lafayette YWCA, is listed in the 1939-1940 edition of “Women of America.” Mrs. Stone, of the Cincinnati Community Service, was outstanding here as piesident of WSGA, secretary of Mortar Board, a Gold Pepper, Debater and Kappa Alpha Theta.
B4AIIS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
NlOOfl oirtR BURIAA
um
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN HIT
KKO RADIO Picture, with Randolph SCOTT Qail PATRICK
— NEXT SUNDAY — Prerelease Showing of the New College Picture TOO MANY GIRLS
LUHA
Today-Ded. — 2 Hits
rcDCCilT .j.s different- ^ ...DElISHTfl*
ALAN Jr 5^ HlHOt
s»'S«c»i.o«s
ALSO^
ERIC
HIIISJIIF HILARITY
g&TMrwwi It's a feud-feast of fun and fireworks!
starring BOB BURNS inth UNA MERKEL leixy COLONNA
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Ham St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S ^ Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 9 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Tailor ^
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT^d TOPCOAT $30 and up
• jewelers
• Hardware ,
R. C. EISENBACH * Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Right Prices 822 Main St Phone 2777
Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at federate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse —-Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Ar
i t
>‘1
>4^■’ A '
..J'- ■ >. -,A" ■
'’-.i 1
£xfwnani Spo^dA fiaga
TtMisdiQr’# November 12# 1940
Pi Phis Trample Pi K As 13-0
Biake And Frankenberry Take Honors Fot Barnyardors To Deifeat Volunteers \ By Peggy Howard Amid a drizzling beat, the indomitable Pi Beta Phi barnyarders literally “swamped” the PiKA “Volunters” in the mud puddles of Stuart field yesterday afternoon by the astounding score of 20 to 6. Led by the short stride running of Captain “Pud” Blake and the superb kicking of “Butch” Frankenberry, all state 1910, _ the co-ed aggregation led from the starting cowbell to the breathtaking finish. Capt. '^Tud” accounted for all three of the sorority’s touchdowns while Frankenberry was successful in two out of three conversion attempts.
The game- started out slowly but," gained momentum when referee ^ Kenn Carmichael began running interference for the girls. At the beginning of the first quarter, the PiKA’s kicked off to the Pi Phi’s. Frankenberry - caught tfte ball on the Pi Phi 40 yard line and brought it back to the enemies’ 46. The coeds then lost the ball on downs, but regained possession when Bollman intercepted a pass on the bo-ed’s own 30 yard line. On the next play Blake ran around left end to score the first touchdown for the co-eds. Frankenberry kicked tbe extra point and the .score stood 7 to 0. From then on the game progressed in a see-saw fashion with the teams losing the ball consistently on downs, until the end of the second quarter when, on a pass from Bachelder to Blake the Pi Phi’fa scored for the second time. This time Frankenberry’s kick was short, making the score 13 to 0 in co-e^s’ favor. Referee Gets Playful On the next play, referee Carmichael, perceiving that the game was too one-sided, took the ball in his own hands to score for the PiKA’s, whereupon Bachelder picked up the ball on the goal line and marched
back up the field to score for her own team. The referee, deciding that this was too much of a good thing, cancelled both plays and put the ball on, the fifty yard marker. The two captains were in the act of tossing for the \>all with a nickel the referee had found when the half ended. '' Between halves the crowd of about five hundred which had gathered to witness the battle, was entertained by the PiKA marching military band, baton twirlers and all. The cheering sections of ^ both organizations yelled and sang to encourage their team and the co-ed players replenished their makeup. A Pass ‘From Heaven’ Near the end of the third quarter. Sharps received a pass (from heaven we guess) and ran about 10 yards to score for the PiKA’s. The score was then 13 to 6. The PiKA’s tried a lasso play next but the co-eds hung them on their own rope and scored again. Frankenberry again kicked the extra point and the score stood 20 to 6.
All Intramural basketball games must start on time they are scheduled or the games will be forfeited.
In the UNION CLUB Every Room ATTRACTIVELY FURNISHED with Private Bath, Telephone and Modern, Conifortahle * I Furnitnre IMMACULATELY CLEAN Please Your Guests by Making Reservations JhL fiiiAdufL Wjum^iiciL UmofL The Comer o/ the Cunipm— Wet the Center of Activities
Byelene To Return To Full-Time Action In Game Saturday By Barbara Lahr Because of a roaring wind Coach Mai Elward was forced' to drill the varsity football sqi^d inside of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. His road^weary crew, which has traveled a total of over 3,000 miles in the last three weeks, will be bolstered for their contest with Minnesota at Minneapolis Saturday by the return to full-time action of Mike Byelene, brilliant veteran right halfback. It whs Mike’s 46 yard touchdown dash that tied the Go- , phers last season, 13-13. Byelene, recognized as one of the most dangerous field runners in the middle west, had been benched with a cracked wrist since the Michigan State game on October 12 until the final quarter of last Saturday’s battle with Fordham. May Lose Anderson The encouragement offered by Byelene's return to action was set back somewhat by the possible loss of both Paul Anderson, sophomore right halfback, and Vincent “Rocky” Snyder, sophomore quarterback, in next Saturday’s tussle with the Big Nine favorites. Anderson, whose 65 yard run for a touchdown was one of the highlights of the Wisconsin game, has a severely twisted ankle. Snyder has an injured side, a result of the gruelling Ram encounter in which the Boilermakers came from behind in the final quarter to throw a real scare into Crowley’s crew. To prepare the Boilermakers for next Saturday’s tilt with Minnesota and the following Saturday’s gamq with Indiana, Coach Elward is making use of the freshman squad. Divided into, two teams, heavy and light, they are going through dummy scrimmages with the varsity squad. The heavy frosh team is using Gopher plays and the light team, Hoosier plays.
This Dame’s Delusions
By Donna Siess Around time again for the annual ‘aquacade. First of these water star studded eveni^s started back in 1937 with the “Life-Guard’s Dream.” In 1938 the swimmers changed the dream to the “Mermaid’s Dream,” and last year the third annual was called the “Aquacade Varieties.” Well, this year. Coach Paperiguth promises another water treat —D-D— Great show last year. Plenty snappy, too. Remember, four state records were broken and one national record was tied. Patty Aspinal is coming back again this year. She is the 14 year old mere youngster who tied the national 300 yard women’s breast stroke last year in 5 minutes and 6.2 seconds. Another return star is Barbara Cook, member of last year’s science class. She’s going to show us some more of her sensational diving which is plenty ok. —D-D— Lot of good laughs in last year’s show. Chuck Lace and Chuck Gardner, University comics, got some laughs from the audience with their aquacadic demonstration of the land grabbing traits of Hitler and Mussolini. Then there was the Houdini bag trick, the rubber baud' race, scramble swimming, tub race and countless other events. —D-D— Practically had Billy Rose’s aquacade on the campus with us last year, too. At least his featured performer, Larry Griswold. Couldn’t . neglect Adolph Kiefer, the world’s fastest backstroke man. He was here and much so.. Plenty of good material came from the campus highways and byways. Remember Jack Carney, Joe Williamson and John Graham, 1939 swimming captain? —D-D— Fieldhouse is going to ^ee some mighty splashy technique this year too, when Coach Papenguth comes across with the stars for this year’s show.
with a new 1
' The UNIVERSITY 05.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—^with a felt bindingof contrasting color.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t^nEO. U. e. PATENT OFFICE
are exclusive dealers for ¥1^1? 1¥¥n¥& ¥¥imMC9 in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles,.and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00
Gridmen Start Intensive For Minnesota
Touchdown Twins
Upon their return from Saturday’s disappointing defeat at the hands of a hard fighting Fordham eleven, the Boilermaker gridmen will begin a week of intensive preparation for what may well prove next week-end to be the toughest game of the year. Forhext Saturday, at Minnesota’s Memorial stadium, the Golden Gophers of Minnesota will line up against the Gold and Black eleven and attempt to maintain their perfect record of having been neither beaten nor tied this year, By virtue of successive victories
over such top teams as Washington, contender for the Pacific, coast championship; Nebraska, Big' Six leader; Ohio State; Iowa; Northwestern, and now Michigan, the Minnesota eleven is rated by many to be the top-heavy favorite in the coming contest. They are admittedly one of the powerhouses of the country, outweighing most of their opponents and the Riveters in particular, fifteen pounds per man.
Two Outstanding Backs
The Gophers boast of two of the outstanding backs of the country, George Frank and Bruce Smith, who last year scored thirteen touchdowns between them. These two, along with Sweiger and Pathrath, make up a fast, heavy backfield which, behind a line possibly unexcelled anywhere, has consistently steam-rollered all opposition. In last year’s game the Riveters came from behind to tie the score in the last quarter. In past years the Boilermakers have caused the Minnesota Gophers no end of trouble by their steadfast refusal to admit defeat. This year an upset of the Minnesota eleven is not yet out of the question by any means, j.s.k. Ohio State Professor Will Address AChS The new chemical fibres, rayon, vinym and spun fibrous glass—developments which have revolutionized the textile industry—^will be the subject of James R. Withrow, head of the Ohio State Department of Chemical Engineering, at an address at November meeting of the American Chemical Society tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 211 of
Stanley Coulter Hall.
Prof. Withrow has served the state of Ohio as consulting engineer and has been since 1917 a consulting chemical engineer for the United States Bureau of Mines
George Frank
Tkking the ball on a reverse from Frank, Smith ran 80 yards for a touchdown through the entire Michigan team last Saturday at Minneapolis.
Debris pictures for the sophomores on the Exponent sport’s staff are to be taken in the south ballroom of the Union at 9:40 tonight.
1) SCHEDULE
OF
IW 0sd>AjiiL.
ORGANIZATION
PICTURES
Tuesday, Nov. 12
Please be prompt for the sittings which will be held in the
south Union ballroom Sat the following times^:
Omicron Nu
Cosmopolitan
Theta Alpha Phi
Debris Soph. Editorial Staff
A. 1. Ch. E
A. 1. E. E
A. S. C. E ' L.
Forestry Club
A. S. M. E
W. A. A
Debris Soph. Business Staff
Triton
p.m.
Debris Soph. Photo Staff
Exponent Soph. Sports Staff
Ag. Education Society
Kappa Delta Pi
Tau Beta Pi
Skull and Crescent
S. A. A
Sigma Delta Chi
Sigma Delta Psi
Xi Sigma Pi; . V
ivA’^I
\ M
PURDUE EXPONJBNT
Tuesday, November 12$ 1940 ^
\i'/ 1$. -v IrA^
Classified Ads FOR SALE Ross-Rcnt'A-Car Service. Care for all oecasioas. Mia. $2.50 all aisht. Phoae. 2407.
ASCB: Pictures will be taken in the south ballroom,of the Union Tuesday, November 12, at 8:15 p. m. Wear suits—no sweaters. —McCAMMON. WAA Council Members: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 12, 8:45 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union, yffear one piece dresses and hose. —WESTOVEB.
SAA Officers: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday evening at 10:80 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please be prompt and wear suits. —EANEY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Informal initiation Tuesday, November 12, a^ 6:80 p. m. in reading room of EE building. Wear appropriate clothing. Note change Of time. Formal initiation Wednesday, November 13 at 5 p. m. sharp in room 804 of Union. —HOLCOMB. Tau Beta Pi: Debris picture of pledges and actives will be taken at 10:10 Tuesday, November 12, in Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of irartable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multiinraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Omicron Nu Pledges and Actives: Debris pictures will be taken in south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 7 p. m. Do not wear saddle shoes or skirts and sweaters. —OSBORN.
Camera Club Members: December issue of “Popular Photography” is in. These copies will be on sale at the next meeting of the Camera club. —TAFEL.
For Rent: Beautiful Four Room apt. available Dec. 1. Steam Heat. Adults preferred. Phone, 4928.
Lost: Grey kitten, Persian. Last seen on campus. Reward. Ruth and Hinks, 3286. Lost: Slide rule, name on case. Reward. Call 2936, Hert Van Brunt, 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 ; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
Xi Sigma Pi Actives and Pledges: Debris picture will be taken at 11 p. m. next Tuesday evening, November 12, in the south ballroom of the Union. Please Vear suits. —KELSEY.
Agriculturist Business Staff:' Meeting on Tuesday, November 12, at 4 p. m. in office. Freshmen interested in working may come between 4 and 6:30. —BLOSSER.
Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. —BLOSSER.
Skull and Crescent: Debris pictures will be taken on Tuesday, November 12, at 10 :20 p. m. Coat and tie required. This time it's real. —LANIUS.
Alpha Zeta: Formal initiation to be held Wednesday, November 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of Union. Alumni urged to attend. —PAYNE.
Room and board for two students. Mrs. Dray, 40 W. Salisbury. 2670. Lost: Tan polo coat and tan hat, size 7%. Initials J. W. A. from third floor Recitation Bldg. Phone 6433. Wanted: Roommate for EE senior' in house with first class board. Phone 66014,
ASME: Before Saturday, November 16, all members should get their membership cards and emblems at Professor Cope’s office. The office is open between 9 and 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
and
pledges Wednesday, November 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 232 of Union. Important.
—MEYERS.
Chi Epsilon; Meeting of all actives
Alpha Zeta: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, November 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Alumni, honorary and associate members are urged to attend. —PAYNE.
Debris Sophomore Editorial Staff: Debris picture in south ballroom of Union Tuesday, November 12, at 7 :30 p. m. Please be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
Lost: Thursday morning, 2 strand pearl necklace, near Deac’s. Phone 2314. Reward. Lost: Gold chain bracelet with four medals attached. Reward. Call 66614.
Kappa Delta Pi: Debris picture will be taken in the south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 9:55 p. m. Wear one piece Iresses and suits. —NORQUEST.
Debris Sophomore Photography Staff: Debris picture will be taken in the south ballroom of the Union Tuesday, November 12, at 9 :30 p. m. Please be prompt. -SHEDRICK.
AIEE: Meeting Wednesday, November 13 at 8 in room 264 of the EE building. Dr. Hobson will speak. —^WISE.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday, November 13, at 7 :30 in room 804 of Union. —GREVE.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. AIChE Members: The Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 7:45 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits and be prompt, —MASSEY.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, November 14 at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
Religious Council: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, November 13, in room 58 of Union. —MANGERS.
All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately if you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the campus. —DAVID L. ARM.
AIEE Members: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 8 p. m. Be prompt. Wear suits, no coats or sweaters permitted. —WISE. Forestry Club: Debris pictures Tuesday. Wear a suit and be prompt. South ballroom at 8:30 p. m. —^MILLER.
Independent Co-cd House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, November 14, at 7 p. m. in WSGA office, —DOHERTY. WSGA: Residence committee meeting in WSGA office Tuesday, November 12, at 4 :15 p. ra. for short meeting. Call me if you can not attend. —PINK. Radio Club: Meeting planned for November 12 will be postponed until November 19 because of AIEE Debris picture to be taken. —FREED. WBAA Staff: Debris .pictures taken Wednesday, November 13, at 9 :20 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. -Girls wear one piece dross and boys wear suits. Be prompt. —MOREHOUSE.
Sigma Delta P.si: Debris picture Wednesday, November 13, in the south ballroom of Union at 11 p. m. Wear suits and please be prompt —EVERS.
WSGA Executive Board : No regular meeting Wednesday, November 13. —ZWIERLEIN. Sigma Delta Chi: Actives and pledges meet at south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 10:40 for Debris picture. Please be prompt. —McKEE. Agricultural Education Society: Debris picture in south ballroom of Union Tuesday. November 12, at 9:46. Wear a full suit. Everyone be there. —CROOKS.
POMM: All pledges and actives meet at Armory Tuesday, November 12, at 7 p. m. Pledges wear old clothes. —McCAMMON.
Agricultural Education Society: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 7:30 in west faculty lounge. Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment Institute, will speak. —CROOKS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, 7 p. m., south ballroom. —CORTISSOZ. Union Workers: Meeting of the Bum Room committee on Tuesday, November 12, at 4:16 p. m. This cancels the meeting scheduled for November 11. Please be prompt. —^WOLFF.
Pi Tau Sigma: Short meeting of actives in room 236 of Union at 9 p. m. Wednesday, November 13. Debris picture will be taken at 9 :30 in the south ballroom following the meeting. Pledges report for picture at 9 :30. —WIST.
Theta Alpha Phi: Debris picture Tueslay, November 12 at 7 :20. Bpys please wear suits and girls dresses and stockings. —MARTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting in room 303 of the Union Tuesday, November 12 at 7 :30. —YATES.
Triton: Debris picture at 9:20 Tuesday, November 12 in the south ballroom of the Union. Wear one piece dress, silk stockings and no saddle shoes. Beginning ballet group will meet Tuesday at 6, advanefed group will meet Tuesday and Thursday at 4. Meeting Tuesday, November 12, has been changed to next Monday at 8. —RUSSELL.
7 ■■
Give ’em the SMOKER’S cigarette and watch ’em register
COOLER, MILDER, BETTER-TASTING With Chesterfields the smoking situation is always well in hand—because Chesterfields have What smokers want. Chesterfield’s right combination of American and Turkish fobaccos makes it 'J the smoker s cigarette. Do you smoke the cigarette that SATISFIES
Copjnifht 1940. Vmamn ft Uiriu Twacco Co.
>^'J
fV? i
■Vi
It-’
Do they date you? . . give away your age . . .shout Class of ’28? or Vintage of ’31? i Out-of-date tails definitely give you that tail-between-the-legs feeling—and certainly that tail-between-the-legs look —^just when you want to appear at your best! Geisler’s Tails are /e’//-tailes, of the right kind! They say “correct” — say it quietly, smoothly, elegantly. For Geisler’s Tails are perfect right down to the smallest detail. Notice how closely these new Tails of ours hug the hips, how long they are, how they cover the points of your white waistcoat without allowing even half an inch of the points to show. Only in these tailcoat, can you be sure of perfection like this. If you’re ready for a new set of tails . . . (and you are ready for a new set if you haven’t bought a tailcoat in the past three to five years) we urge you to come in and slip into these ^ails of ours.
$30-00 $35.00 Double Breasted Tux $22.50 up.
Also Complete line of accessories.
500HAIH ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
^ Ij
' i1
V il
!>. .il
V' i
Vi-