/(j ^5‘f 'H . ^ '"■St,
"f f •i / ^ T*s VM/ « ^ t‘'{«i5V''t^|4-i-5y^ I 'i ' \ <' ^ I ^ A^'= ' , ' '■'''' \ . ' <h [
tiff /S8it
xponerA
Volume 52. No. 97
Woif'lcilciFofelo# hdBcma
tliesddy. Janaafir ItU Ilil
Roosevelt Takes Office At Historic Inauguration President Cills On America To Muster Faith, Spirit In Crucial Years To Conie
By C. J. faART
(Speci&l to the Purdue Exponent) Washington, D. C., Jan. 20^There is nothing momentous about beinfe in the crowd which is watching the President take the oath of office for the third time; or hearing Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes ask Franklin D. Roosevelt if he will preserve the constitution for another four years; or even hearing FI)k say, “I do.” One’s feet get too cold. Yet it whs unquestionably an Kia- . .
300 Register At Road School Opening
Hockema Extends Campus
toric occasion. America’s turning point may be at hand—we may progress or regress. And this was the legal moment when the new era became a living thing. Historic, profoundly historic, it was. Yet, standing and watching took the epic sweep from the occas-' ion, translated it into bumping, shoving, pushing crowds; translated it into cold feet and frosted ears. One forgot that all the world awaited FDR’s voice. One forgot that this was America summoning its chosen leader within sight of his countrymen to pledge his honor and good faith. His speech to the world was short, approximately one thousand words. '‘In the face of great perils never before encountered, our strong purpose is to protect and to perpetuate the integrity of democracy. For this we must muster the spirit of America, and the faith of America. “We do not retreat! We are not content to stand still. As Americans, we go forward, in the service of our country, by the will of God.” When he finished his address, he rode in unapproachably majestic simplicity back to the White House for lunch and then,to watch the forces parade, which prevail on our free land, free seas, and free air. Lions Club Will Sponsor Cagers' Banquet, March 5 An even greater attendance than last year’s all-time high is expected at the Lafayette Lions Club annual basketball banquet, to be held in the Union, Wednesday, March 6, at 6:00
■p. m.
Tickets, priced at one dollar, are available at Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth’s, University Bookstore, the Union, and from any member of the Lions Club. Sales will close March 1. The committee in charge of the affair includes Ed Degering, chairman, Carl Hammer, Nick Holda, K. H. Ketttehut, H. O. Meyer, Jud Rising, and L. J. Pierce.
39 Candidates Pass Examinations Given By Flying Cadet Board Thirty-nine out of the eighty-one candidates examined were passed byj the Flying Cadet Examining Board bn the campus last week, according to an announcement by Captain E. H. Jose, president of the board. The successful applicants include: Raymond K. Hime, Jean S. Peirson, Hubert P. Foreman, John Wuetrich Jr., William F. Jackson, Donald E. Cobb, Dean Vjf. Cooper, Earl J. Disher, Carl E. Kessler, Robert P. Fortune, John E. Gooy, Robert E. Sawyer, Paul L. Hamman, Charles G. Kadel, Thomas R. Fisher, Clyde G. Jones, James P. Dillon, William F. Jackson, and Coleman D. Kuhn. Thirteen others were listed as partially qualified, but must fulfill minor requirements or take a written examination before they are accepted. The board left Friday for Bloomington, where it will spend the balance of the month. No definite date has been set for its return to Lafayette, but that is expected to be late in the spring. r.r.r. Union Offers Rooms For Faculty In Resident Wing According to an announcement last night by L. M. Vallely, Memorial Union manager, faculty members and a small number of graduate students may obtain rooms by the semester in the Union Club. Completely furnished and equipped with private bath and ’phone, the rooms are being offered at one hundred and twenty-five dollars per semester. w.e.h.
b^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary
Of War News
to Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc Dictators Agree Hitler and Mussolini met for a conference and parted in “complete agreement,” the official German news agency announces. This statement ends 48 hours of denials, rumors and speculation. >K i|< * Yugoslavia Yields Railroads “Adolf Hitler has passed another obstacle on his unchecked march through the Balkan neutrals to the Mediterranean front,” radios George Weller from Belgrade. The correspofident has learned on good authority that Yugoslavia has accepted Germany’s bargain for the use of its railroads. ♦ * * 'Times’ Applauds Roosevelt “Today’s London Times goes further than that famous British organ has ever gone before in paying tribute to a foreign statesman,” cables William H. Stoneman. “The Times heralds Roosevelt’s presidency as the symbol of a new epoch in history.” * * * Nazis Develop New Detector “German experts are reported today to have developed successfully a new anti-aircraft detector which makes use of high frequency waves, perhaps of sound, in place of the ordinary official instruments,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. * * * 'Illustrious' Bombed Again The crippled British aircraft carrier Illustrious has been hit for the third time by German dive-bombers attacking Malta, Rome asserts. Other Stukas penetrated to the Suez Canal Zone, Berlin announces. * * * Retain, Laval Meet “Today might be said to be a good omen day for Franco-German relations,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. The dispatch says that Marshal Petain met Saturday with his ousted vice-premier, Pierre Laval, to bury the hatchet. 4: It! !|< Etlyopians Aiding British Ethiopian irregulars have helped British troops in driving the Ral(Continued on page 4)
CRT Applicants Nusl Report For Physical Examination-'tleikie Director G. Stanley Meikle requests that the following applicants for the civilian pilot training report immediately to Doctor Miller to arrange appointments for the preliminary physical examination required of all applicants. Those reporting promptly will be able to make appointments for Tuesday evening. This list does not include those men who have not signed releases or whose parents have not signed releases. All releases should be submitted promptly to Director Meikle’s office if these men expect to be considered for the
present course.
Applicants for advanced course: Beebe, Vernon Chadboume, Jr.; Dees, Harry C.; Disher, Earl Justin; Katz, Allen Marvin; Kelsey, Floyd Borl; McArthur, Lawrence Richard; Parker, Theodore Browning; Shaver, Jesse Milton; Storms, Robert Sherman; Udell, Seymour. Applicants for primary course: Conger, David Louis; Dannemiller, Ralph Julius; DeWitt, Fred Skinner; Fitzgerald, Robert John; Hadley, Robert Lea; Harazin, Robert John; Johnson, Edward Franklin; Keeler, John Stuart; Kellog, Richard Homer; Kohr, Rex Ray; McKenzey, Robert I.; Marquis, Stewart Dent Jr.; Murphy, Hilma Katherine; Person, Hans Anton; Pontius, Paul Edward; Rhodes, Donald Clark; Voros, Joseph Francis; Wilson, Robert Earl; Fadale, /Lewis James; Hopley, Ronald; Fant, Jesse Ernest; Jardine, Carlton Thyrle; Neate, Elroy Parlin; Wens, Mildred Virginia; Schuber, Alfred Gorman; Wilson, Roger Griffith; DeGarmo, Richard Earl; Dickey, Robert Richard; Kinney, Robert Elliot; McCaughey, William Prank; McIntyre, Hugh Watson, j.e.r. H, 6. Venemann . . . associate professor of mechanical engineering, and F. P. Thomas, senior student, returned to the campus Thursday night from Chicago, where they attended the annual Refrigeration and Air Conditioning exhibit at the Stevens Hotel. While there they also attended the initial conference on Refrigeration Selling, sponsored by the
ASRE. r.r.r.
Welcome At First Session State Police Head Stiver Talks On Safety At Opening Session Metropolitan highway cohstruction problems, present knowledge of concrete, and the role of State Highwfly Police in highway safety were discussed at the opening general sessioh of the twenty-seventh annual Road School on the campus yesterday afternoon. State, county and city officials, as well as contractors and dealers and experts in materials and equipment will take part in the five-day program which will continue through Friday noon. Registration figures last night stood at 300; enrollment for the school is expected to reach 1,000. Earl B. Lockridge, chief engineer of the State Highway Commission, presided over the opening meeting. Technical discussions were given by C. H. Scholer, professor of applied mechanics, Kansas State College, Harry W. Lochner, assistant County engineer in Cook County, Dlinois, and Don F. Stiver, superinteudent of the Indiana State Police. The meeting opened with an address of welcome from Prank C. Hockema, assistant to President EUiott, and a response by C. Dana Ward, Inffianapolis, president of the Highway Materials and Equipment Association. Discussing highway problems encountered in the Chicago area as representative of congested centers, Lochner declared that the present
idon F. Stiver
Religious Groups Sponsor Party For Short Termers To acquaint this year’s 160 stu-
dents who have enrolled in the annual eight-week course given by the ag school at this time with the religious life and churches on the campus, the Student Pastor’s Association and the University Religious Council are sponsoring a get-to-gether Friday evening,'7:30 o’-clock, in the new University Church on the
corner of Main and Grant. The party, which the religious
groups are sponsoring jointly, is the usual opening social feature of
the course.
Dr.T.K.Noss Findl Examindtloii Schedule For Today, Tomorrow
of the division of education
and applied psychology appeared as a speaker on the Town Hall program at Evansville College Sunday evening. 'The subject of his talk, which was broadcast over WGBF,
was “What If Hitler Wins.”
Notice, Students -To students who have made application for occupational deferment (Class II-A) under the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940 and its attendant regulations: The National Committee on Education and Defense is asking the cooperation of Purdue University in a study of Selective Service among the colleges and universities. This special committee is interested only in information regarding those students who have applied or will apply for occupational deferment. Class 3I-A). To this end each student who has applied or will' apply for occupational deferment (Class II-A) is requested to report in writing, to the President’s Office, the decision of his locaT draft board, regardless of where such board may be located. You will greatly expedite this survey by your promptness and accuracy. \ Edward C. Elliott, President.
These schedules are corrrat unless otherwise indicated by the instructor.
Day Tues. Tues. Wed. Wed.
Course
Date
Jan. 21 Jan. 21 Jah. 22 Jap.22 Division
Period
AGRICULTURAL CHEMIS^S^T 167 A ;11 107 C ,.13 109 A 12 112 A 13 AGRICULTURAL ENGR. 22 All 13 130 A 11
AGRONOMY
2 AU 11 11 All 12 26 All 11 27 All 1 or 18 ANIMAL HUSBANDRY 4 All 12 21 A 11 108 B 10 114 A 10 APPLIED DESIGN 60 All 12 61 All 18 62 A 10 103..... A 10 APPLIED MECHANICS 21 H,1 10 31 J, K, L...: 12
Coutse Division Period 22 H-K 10 22 L ,-, N 12 M B 13 BIOLOGY 9 A 10 23 a; 12 132 A 18 161 A 10 CHEMICAL ENGINEERING 34 A 13 128 C . 13 142 .. .. A 11 CHEMISTRY 1 E-H 13 2 C 12 4 A,B,E,P 11 11 A,B,E-H,K,L 11 23 A 11 23 B 10 107 D-F,I 18 123 A 11 133 ; All 18 CIVIL ENGINEERING 6 B ::13 21 B 10 74 All .13 168 A , io CLOTHING AND TEXTILES 126 A 18 DAIRY HUSBANDRY 2 A 10 17. A 10 117 A 12 ECONOMICS 1 F,G 11
Course 1
Period 13
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
6
B
13
2...
A
11
A
U
9...
A
19
A.D,0,S,T ....
13
114...
A
20
A
11
FOR'ESTRY
23
All
11
30...
A
60
All
11
107...
- A
113
All
......13
111...
All
ENGLISH
GENERAL ENGINEERING
A
A
18
6...
A
A
C
11
16...
P,G
A.
E
10
16...
H
1
A-C, Z, AD..
13
19...
A
1
P-H
11
36...
- .w
1
L-N, AI
10
129...
GEOLOGX^
1
JlH, AL
12
6
D,E
18
103...
A
10
A
......18
(Continued on page 4)
Ben H. Petty
system of highways can be distinctly improved only by elinunation of many railroad grade crossings. “To accommodate the heavy movement of traffic in and around the metropolitan area, there must .be undertaken the constructi<m of a
(Continued on page 4)
Union Art Adivlly Progims ^ Features Housing Display
® — Under a program of the United _ States Housing Authority, $8^,p "J® 060,000 is now bring spent on low- ^ cost housing. Commemorating de- „ J® velopments in housing, the Museum ^ of Modem Art in New Yoric has organized an exhibition which ineludes photographs, diagrams and printed commentary on twelve re- _ ^ cently completed housing proje ^ located throughout Europe and ^ J® America. The exhibition stresses ^ the physical nature of modem hous- ^ ]"2 rather than its economic and
social aspects.
The display, rented for two weeks to the Memorial Union, will be on view in the Music Room through January 27th as a part of the Union art activity program. j.e.r.
ENTOMOLOGY
A FARM MANAGEMENT
.10
.10
13
Co-ed Horn Co-ed hours as announced by ttm WS6A Jndieiml Board f<Hf the
Thursday, January ^ 18 dViocki Friday, January 84, and Saturday, January 25, mie o*cM; Saniay, January 8% Monday, Jhnnaif 87, and 'Tuesday, January 88^ 18 a*saQ«k and Wednesday, January 81, U o'clock.'it
2 - Otoiiati
Tuesday, Jonucay 21, 1941
fijuAdua, £xfu»uutt
Jjumh^ JoUl
Today Mr. Roosevelt
... has made just one more inaugural address to the nation than has any other president of the United States. He made his third address at a time when the world watched war raging on three continents. Americans watch and look to him for the fate of our United States. President Roosevelt took his oath of office yesterday at a time of seriousness greater than any the nation has faced since 1861. Yet when Mr. Roosevelt gave his very short inaugural address yesterday he gave it with complete assurance and calm. The economic and political systems among which we have lived for years seem to be crumbling about us. The United States, in opinion, is torn between statements of isolation and intervention. To neither of these opinions did Mr. Roosevelt’s address give any ground. He plainly said that our job the next four years was to preserve democracy in the world. Yet in the face of all this President Roosevelt took his oath of office supremely confident. He seems, from his outward manner, at least from what one can gather from the press and radio, to be sure we can cope with these situations and can preserve and extend the gains that he believes have been made domestically during the past eight years. J. H. McK.
The Purdue Exponent
iiintered as aecond eUiM matter mt the post office in JL*fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at tha special rate of postage provided for ia section 1103, act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail sub* scnption $8.60.
Bditor*in-Chlef..
Business Manager.....
K. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Bditor J. H. McKee Managing Bditoxs D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Slcallerup, J. L. l^ngott.
Business Staff Iioeal Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor .. . — . _ Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor _.. . J, P. Dolan Associate Blditors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Rose Issue Editor: Hadley Night Sports Editor: Adamson Sophomore Staff: J. E Ramsdale, P Howard, B R Run-
He Stooped To Conquer
For many months Senator Wheeler has been advocating isolationism. His speeches have been heard by millions throughout the country. Wheeler is a Democrat. Now we suspected that when Wheeler was elected that he was put up by the Republicans just so they could get a man into Congress. Now we are sure of this because Colonol McCormick has put the “kiss of death” on the poor man by agreeing with him, and anybody knows that the Colonel doesn’t stoop to hobnob with real Democrats. Furthermore, we suspect both of them, particularly the Colonel who has had so much more
^ ^ . . . social fraternitv. annoui
(The opHiions expressed in this column represent the views of the writer or writers and are not necessarily indicative of this paper’s attitudes. Opinions conflicting with the etftonal poiicies of the Exponent are printed just as any others because of our belief that the coliege newspaper’s fundamental purpose is to express student opinion, individually or collectively—The Editor.)
The Editor of the Exponent, Sir: There has been much reaction against Bishop Hobson’s Convocation sermon last Sunday. Unfortunately, some people have assumed that his advocacy of a warlike policy is representative of the clergy. So far as I have been able to ascertain, the vast majority over the country—^including the ministers of the local churches as well as the student pastois—are opposed to the sending of our boys into another foreign war. While the clergy do insist on freedom of speech and of the pulpit, giving Bishop Hobson the right to speak in defense of his position, they also want it known that the majority of them stand for peace. Yours truly, Hubert Reynolds.
Dear Editor: May we ask some questions ? We wonder why the University executive oflScials insist on taking the pessimistic and aggressive attitude toward the present world ciisis that is exhibited perpetually? Periodic speeches and newspaper articles on the part of the administration always reprimand any mention of peace which students may make through the columns of our daily paper. The university also showed its attitude when the recent draft bill was about to be passed. This morning, in the Hall of Music, a so called Convocation of Worship was held. Realizing that the scope of our experiences is limited, we have never seen such a display of unorthodox activity. To us that lecture was utterly sickening. For a renowned carrier of the Gospel to pose as a minister of God, and then to prove himself a minister of propaganda,—all of which was sanctioned by the University—tends to shake our profound faith in this "institution of higher learning.” Who is this Dr. Hobson to come here and tell us that we should be willing and ready to make the supreme sacrifice for the cause of
“RIGHT”? Now Dr. Hobson is obviously a learned man; and parts of his lecture were truthful and reasonable; however, we believe that neither he, nor anyone else, should tour the country telling people which Powers are deserving of help in their struggles. Furthermore, it does not seem to us that speeches directed to stirring up war are a part of the duty of a preacher. When a man comes to our campus for a Religious Convocation and prays to God Almighty that our people will take the initiative to enter a hopeless struggle from which no good has ever, or will ever come, we think it is time to take an inventory. There is truth in his statement that isolationism is the alternative of the optimistically minded uninformed people who are unwilling to investigate the facts. At the same time we loath the statement that we young men should be ready to give our lives for this cause which he failed to define. Why should we, after spending a score of years on this earth trying to build healthy bodies and sound minds, consent to self-destruction when neither we, nor anyone else can give any reason for this folly. Should we agree whole-heartedly to the statements of this ill advisor when we can see that all of our hopes and plans for a home and happiness are at stake, when we can see that all of the work we have done to build our foundation will be wasted? We are no slackers. We would volunteer to protect America on American soil, but as for meddling in foreign mix-ups, include us out. As for the protection of democlacy, we should try a little of it before we get so riled up about preserving it. Inasmuch as we are convinced that our entry into the war could be of no possible benefit to us, not to other peoples, now or ever, we would rather take the chances of delay on this matter, than to make sure that we get into it now. But until the matter does become more pressing to us, can’t the University keep quiet and allow us to do our own thinking on the subject? Donald L, Grant, ’42; Robert F. Abell, ’42; Raymond W. Smith, ’43; John Pedlar, ’44; Kenneth Truax, ’43; J. 0, Bray, ’43; C. A. Corn, ’41,
social fraternity, announces
the election of the following officers: president, Leon Jacobson; chaplain. Jack Money; treasurer, William Dempster; secretary, Robert Pearson; scribe, John Duret; sentinel, Robert Detamore; and usher, James Clark. The following have been initiated: Ralph W. Arlin, William C. Miller, Jack Gatewood, James K. Seabright, Alfred C. Howard, Robert B. Rogers, and Lome C. Reynolds. Gamma Omicron also announces the pledging of Ohmer G. Wegrich, graduate in-
structor.
Columbia university has completed its new $76,000 theater, known as Brander Mathews hall.
Saxophonists and Clarinetists Improve Your Playing Study with MAURIE BENNETT at the McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main St. Phone 7917
1941 DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginner's, Wed., Jan. 29th Advanced, Thurs., Jan. 30th 7:30 P.M. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
ummETB
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
of year'
Oauit Rnlni
• Jsffray Ivnn • EddI* Albw* I. Cnwk Mdbik . nek ftm
Swimmers To Face
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Powerful Michigan
Squad At Ann Arbor
Drawing the toughest team in the Western Conference and possibly in the United States for Competition in their second dual meet of the season, Dick Papenguth’s tank men will journey to Ann Arbor, there to meet thq* Wolverine swimmers on January 26. Thus for this year the Boilermaker swimmers have had a season of mixed success. Following the highly successful trip to Florida during the Christmas vacation the team lost its first conference test to Northwestern.
Matt Mann, Michigan swimming mentor for almost a decade and a half, has turned out a remarkable number of top notch teams. In the past 14 years the Wolverines have captured the conference swimming title 10 times and Michigan is now recognized as having one of the best teams in existance. Unlike-most schools, Michigan places aquatic sports with the major sports of football, track and basketball.
experience in these things, of conspiring to drive the country into war. The Colonel, alone and unaided, has done more in the last three or four days to crystallize opinion in favor of “war if necessary” than all the William Allen Whites, the Senator Pepjpers, and, oh yes, the Franklin Delano Roosevelts. Anyone who has read Mac’s editorial reading Wendell Willkie (“The Saviour of Our Country” — Chicago Tribune, November 5, 1940) out of the Republican party and the paper’s subsequent vilification of the man they hailed as a hero last summer cannot help but be turned against anything that paper advocates. The dear Colonel just hasn’t heard that the people who eat up the pulp magazines rarely if ever indulge in editorial columns. The intelligent American reader. Col. McCormick, looks for sincerity and integrity in his newspapers.
This year’s meet with Michigan will be the first in the history of Riveter aquatic athletics. Although not expecting a victory over the Wolves, Coach Papenguth believes that the meet will give his swimmers much valuable experience. Boilermaker Mentor Papenguth is himself a product of Michigan and hopes that next week’s contest will be the first of a series between the Riveter and Wolverine tank teams. Another desire close to Papenguth’s heart is that he may eventually develop a squad of a calibre similar to Michigan’s.
Although the Michigan squad boasts of ace performers in almost every department, perhaps some of its greatest strength is derived from the fact that in practically every event it possesses three capable reserves. Among the outstanding performers on the Wolverine squad are Skinner, a sophomore who in his prep school days at Exeter held the world record in the breast stroke, and Sharmet, the national free style champ.
backstroke champion are other Ann Arbor lads that make things difficult for visiting swimmers. In spite of the strength of the Michigan team which makes it difficult for the Wolverines to schedule conference meets and made possible the one-sided victory over Pitt by a score of 61 to 23 and the 48 to 36 victory over a powerful New York Athletic Club team. Riveter Coach Dick Pepenguth feels that
Also membeis of the Michigan team aie Barker, national sprint champ, and Welch who is potentially the greatest middle distance swimmer in the country. If Welch is out for any reason the Wolves possess Patten, a sophomore who is said to have already equalled the performances of Welch. Captain Bill Beebe, a place winner in both the Big Ten and Intercollegiate meets, and Heydt, the Big Ten
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE-
PLUS
JAMES CAGNEY ANN SHERIDAN PAT O'BRIEN IN TORRID ZONE
CONSTANCE MOORE FRANK ALBERTSON IN "FRAMED” — AND — ROY ROGERS IN 'CARSON CITY KID ALSO
^fLlGO/ IRAIl
— PLUS — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
LAFAYETTE Starts THURSDAY The picture everybody wants to see! Exactly as
CUT
BUT THE PRICE
• Tempestuous Scarlett turned,; in the arms of I Rhett Butler! ||
DAVID SELZNICK’S Production of MARGARET MITCHELL’S story of the Old South
DIroctad by VICTOR FLEMING
in TECHNICOLOR starring
CLARK
VIVIEN
GABLE-LEIGH
LESLIE
HOWARD
OLIVIA
DeHAVILLAND
MATINEE
(Except Sunday
SEATS NOT RESERVED
40t 1-
Tax
SSC I***’-
Tax
CHILDREN—
EVENINGS
(All Day Sunday)
Matinee Only—Except Sunday 25c Including Tax Evening and All Day Sunday 55o Including Tax
“We’ve voted Belinda ’most likely to succeed,’ Pop! She got a butterfat average of 9.2!”
his boys should stage some very good fights for places in many of the events, d.w.m.
I
1] ^
T.-
//a
i-r i ■-“%
“ •{ ^'-y i ! y ^
fijuAdutt, ^xponsiit
Tuesday* lailiuary 21* 1941
fiacuL 5 *’ Sitanti,
Final Greek Kegling Statistics Released; DUsCapturePin Title Delta Upsilon’s last minute rush during the playoffs of the Union-sponsored fraternity bowling tournament provided one of the main highlights of the just recently-completed Greek kegling endeavors. The DUs finished the regular scheduled play in a tie for second place and then proceeded to whip the ATOs for the honor of going into the playoffs. After polishing off the Phi Belts in the semi-finals, the winners had little trouble in pushing the Belts around in the finals igid walking off with the championship. The winning team was made up of Bill Barnes, Bob Henderson, Bob Michels, Joe Starek, and Don Ward. Grab Honors _______
Although they were knocked out of the playoffs by the Belts, the Beta Sigma Psi keglers managed to grab most of the team and individual honors. Their series of 2637 was good enough to take the high team title, while Emil Navata, their ace bowler, ran off with three of the four individual honors, and placed
second in the other.
The above mentioned Beta Sig’s 176 average was the high mark for the league, with Starek, Kendrick, Zuck, and Gaik following in that order. Navata also was on top of the individual series with a 608, one pin ahead of his teammate Kaik.
Awarded Trophy
The winning DU group was awarded a trophy and individual keys, while the Belts, who ended up in second place garnered keys and a plaque. Beta Sigma Psi and Phi Delta Theta, tied for third picked a batch of bronze keys.
High Individual Averagres Navta Beta Sigma Psi Starek, Delta UpsUon Kendrick, Delta Tau Delta Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma
Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi High Team Series
Beta Sigma Psi
Delta Tau Delta „
Delta Upsilon
High Individual Series Hatva, Beta Sigma Psi Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi Barnes, Delta Upsilon Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma High Individual Game Navta, Beta Sigma Psi Barnes, Delta Upsilon Barnes, Delta Upsilon
Sample, Alpha Gamma Rho Coluccio, Alpha Sigma Phi
High Total Pins
Starek, Delta Upsilon Navta, Beta Sigma Psi Kendrick, Delta Tau Delta Seabright, Alpha Tau Omega Gailc Beta Sigma Psi
176 174 173 171 170
2637 2552 2582
608 607 591 579
267 591 255 242 241
4705 4226 4163 4468 4609
Final Standing (Playoff) Delta Upsilon Delta Tau Delta Phi Delta Theta Beta Sigma Psi
Harry J. Reed
. . director of the University agricultural department will be the speaker tonight at the banquet which climaxes the annual Soybean Show being held at Remington.
Service and Chiffon Weights ^
“WAYNE-KNIT” Sheer Silk Hosiery
First Quality
pr
A low price on beautiful stockings. This very low price warraqts stocking up! Weights for daytime or dress. Each reinforced for longer wear with lisle toe and heels.
THIEME & WyDEBIIII CO.
622-626 Main Sh
Lafayetf'e, Ind.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Mtdn Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Ice and Coal
• Tailor
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Indiana, OSU, Still Big Ten Net Leaders
An Irishman's Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Mai Elward is now Mr. IT as far as Purdue athletics are concerned, and do people realize the importance attached to that opening sentence. To know Mr. Elward, and know him well, is the requisite for realizing that Purdue is one of the most fortunate schools in the country to have a man of the calibre of the thin-lipped Scotsman, a man who has never heard the word mor-'' al victory and the fellow who dispises the word camouflage. —I-I— Especially for his straightforwardness does this writer admire Director Elyrard. He isn’t hoodwinked by Flattery, and I’ve never seen him baby or toy with his men, players or assistants. Off the football field he’s one of these guys who is always trying to do things for his men-—and at the same time keep it covered up—because he hates self publicity and praise. _I.I— Having written sports for about SIX years, I’ve come m contact with him a few more than many coaches, but never once have I ever heard one make the statements that Elward makes. He never admits defeat. According to him, his men are always as good or better than the opposition, and, gentlemen, find this College blow-hard one coach in this nation who does not at one or many times degrade his men and team for reasons of so called strategy . . and also.
ASSEMBLY DANCE SUNDAY, JAN. 26TH HOURS 8-11 IRV GIVEN AND HIS ORCHESTRA ADM. $1.00 PER couple' INCLUDING TAX GOOD MUSIC EXCELLENT FLOOR ALLEN’S6TH & FERRY
Find me one coach in this land who has had Elward’s “luck” who wouldn’t take out a 99 year lease at the loudest wailing wall. Last season, his first season as head coach what happens ? Well, he loses the entire right side of his first string line before the season gets under way; yes sir, out for the season went 200 pound Stan Thursby, freshman watch winner in ’37, regular tackle Pete Timperman, and then regular since his soph year, Carl Verplank. But that wasn’t all, the best back in the mid-West, Lou Brock, plays at half-mast due to a rotten knee and wrenched ankle, Ted Hennis, the deadliest blocker Purdue has ever had, then got kicked in the head too much and has to rest on the bench _I-I_ But what does Elward do! He starts taking the blame for defeats at Santa Clara and for doing no more than tying Minnesota, but what does his team do, and with make shift men playing all over the lineup (you know losing five starters isn’t funny in Big Ten competition) he defeats powerful Northwestern, outplays “wonder team” Iowa but gets beat 4-0 (more luck), ties a great Fordham team, defeats Indiana, and swamps Michigan State, and gets it on the nose at N. D. by 3-0, on a kick by a third string quarterback, a kick that is still doubtful. —I-I— But did Elward complain? Heck no, and what’s more he went after this season’s heavy schedule with more vim than ever. He landed in Minneapolis and told Minnesota sports writers, Purdue would win— none of this psychology stuff about being the under-dog for Purdue’s staff. Ohio State beat him with every thing except the chain gang’s (yard keepers) sticks. He wallops Iowa; a halfback disregards orders at Fordham and Purdue is defeated ... but still no gripe from Elward. Expert passer Mike Byelene and Rankin KOed in the Mich. State game but still no tears Ain’t the guy human’ —I-I— Then thte Indiana nauseous squeamish, but still no offer of alibi. Elward took the entire blame for the Wisconsin loss, when he wasn’t any more to blame than the overanxious kid who gave the Badgers
Buckeyes Face Badgers Sat; Hooslers Remain Idle With the rampaging Buckeyes of Ohio State still clinging to the top spot in the Big Ten hardwood race, the followers of the Mid-west’s senior circuit can look forward to finding the same leaders topping the standings until at least Saturday. Both the Buckeyes with three wins and no losses and the Indiana quintet will remain idle this week with Ohio State finally swinging into action Saturday night against Wisconsin. Few Alterations There were very few alterations in the standings after the three games played last Saturday night. Wisconsin hopped into a tie for third place with Illinois by virtue of a victory over an improving Michigan team. Minnesota kept in step by trouncing weak Chicago, a rather unusual event, for the Maroons annually manage to win at least one game and that victory usually rolls around when they are playing Minnesota. The third game which completed Saturday night’s activities was the
their first seven points, or was it SIX -1-1— And there I’ve given you the real Elward, the man who is going to make football at Purdue the student’s game by open practice with bleachers and identification of players available for the students. He once ordered yours truly out of football practice for being too nosey, but he did it to my face, and that’s the kind of man that heads out the athletic department—^the guy who lays his cards on the table and the man who has never heard of or used the insidious words that belittle or defame character. —I-I— And there you have Elward, the fellow who has never run around Robin Hood’s barn, because he isn’t a “diplomat.” Personally, I’ll take him, because I’m feeble at puzzles ... so are you. Thanx, Prexy, for another MAN.
Northwestem-Dlinois thriller. With a mere 45 seconds left to play the Wildcats were holding on to a 30 to 32 lead and seemed destined to puM an upset by beating the highlytouted mini. An Hlinois guard, one Shapiro by name, took matters into his own hands. After dumping one through from a half mile out on the floor, he intercepted a Northwestern pass, skipped under the basket, and eased in the game tying basket. Exciting Finale With the game in overtime, it was still anybody’s ball game even after the final overtime gun went off. Hasse, a Wildcat forward, was standing at the free throw line with the score 42 to 40 in favor of the mini. He had two free throws coming and much to the chagrin of himself and the Wildcat crowd, he made only one of them. This victory kept Illinois within striking distance of the conference leaders for they have lost only one game, that being to Indiana. Although Ohio State was mactive as far as Big Ten play was concerned, the Buckeyes put m a very busy Saturday night. Their opponent was powerful Duquesne who last year won the Eastern coast title and was rated equally strong this year. The Buckeyes proved their reported power by pinning a 44 to 33 licking on the ambitious Easterners. Big Ten standings including Saturday night’s games: BIG TEN STANDINGS Won Lost Ohio State 3 0 Indiana 2 0 Illinois 3 1 Wisconsin 3 1 Minnesota 2 1 Iowa 1 1 Purdue 1 2 Chicago 0 2 Northwestern 0 3 Michigan 0 4 Dr.J.RoyLeevy ... of the division of education and applied psychology attended a legislative hearing at Indianapolis, as a representative of Indiana Council on Crime and Delinquency. Dr. Leevy is a member of the Legislative Committee of the Council and is still acting as executive secretary of the organization in the absence of L. E. Evans of Indianapolis.‘ iL " VV i‘'‘ ' 1' ’
;ttory Zh id41
paJidtta,£xfamM
300 Register At Road Sdiool... (Continued from page 1)
system of limited access highways, eliminating cross-traffic, left-hand turns and access from abutting properties,” said Lochner. “I regret to report that traffic deaths are again on the increase after two years of reduction,” said Stiver as he revealed an 18% increase in 1940 fatalities over those of 1939. He declared that the six per cent increase in gasoline consumption and the three and one-half per cent increase in automobile registration did not compensate for the increase in deaths. “Fifteen persons were killed per hundred million miles in 1940, as compared with 13 and one-half in 1939,” Stiver continued. He stated that the $36,000,000 property damage involved in these accidents cost each resident of the state $10, as compared ■with the $.25 per capita cost of maintaining our state police force. With a view to decreasing the death toll by more complete patroling of the highways, Stiver said that he would ask the Indiana General Assembly to increase the present .force of 166 troopers by 100 men in 1941 and a similar number in 1942. Tramp Starr, Hoosier poet and philosopher from Moores Hill and sound movies of the U. S. Navy in action provided entertainment at the smoker held last evening, sponsored by the University chapter of Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary. R. B. Wiley, head of the University school of civil engineering, presided and greetings were extended by C. H. Myers, of Thawville, 111.; A. R. Killian, mayor of Lafayette, and D. S, Keim, mayor of West Lafayette. Discussion of particular problems met by state highway maintenance men, state highway construction men, county road supervisors, and county surveyors and engineers, in separate sessions, will donstitute the bulk of today’s program. N. F. Schafer will preside over the morning and afternoon sessions of state highway maintenance men. Earl B. Lockridge will conduct discussions by state highway construction men. Ben H. Petty, Professor of Highway Engineering at the University, will speak on highway extension work to county road supervisors, who will hear talks on road materials in the afternoon. County surveyors and engineers will hear discussions on surveying and drainage laws this morning, and will hold a round table discussion in the afternoon. Exhibits of highway construction and maintenance equipment and materials will open tonight in the Armory, sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Associa-
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTT
Safety Institute Head Gets Half-Time Leave Joseph L. Lingo, director of the University Public Safety Institute, has been granted a half-time leave of absence from his University duties in order to serve as a consultant to the State of Delaware on safety procedures, it was announced today by' President E. C. Elliott following approyal by the Board of Ti’ustees. In his new duties. Lingo will work closely with the governor and the highway commission on a projected reorganization and co-ordination of the duties of the state highway commission, police and motor vehicle departments. In this program to make safety procedures more efficient. Lingo will devote time to training state police and license examiners, establishing office procedures and record systems, and consulting on the legislative program. A co-operative arrangement has been made with Delaware which will enable Lingo to continue to direct his work at the University while acting in the capacity of a consultant, j.e.r. tion, and will continue on exhibit until Thursday noon. Tomorrow morning a general session will be held in the Hall of Music, at which several University staff members will speak. Lunch will be served registered delegates at the Armory, and the afternoon will be taken up with inspection of exhibits. Tomorrow evening highway men will attend a musical show to be presented by University mu*, sical groups. Representatives from all over the country are in attendance at this year’s school, as the national conference, held in Chicago on alternate years, will not meet this year. It is sponsored by the University school of civil engineering, the University department of engineeringextension, and the Indiana State Highway Commission. The State Highway Commission members, recently appointed, are: James D. Adams, Columbia City, chairman; Samuel C. Hadden, Indianapolis, commissioner; Albert J.'Wedeking, Dale, commissioner; and Earl W. Lockridge, chief engineer.
Short Course Registration ... gdt under wajr yesterday with 167 persons enrolling, it was reported by Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the School of Agriculture. Forty-four signed up for dairy production training, 11 for dairy manufacture, 47 for general agriculture, and 65 for animal husbandry. The final enrollment is expected to be slightly larger when late arrivals register. War News Summary.. (Continued from page 1)
ians from Kassala, in the AngloEgyptian Sudan, a communique reports. The town had been captured by the Fascists in July.
Gulf Of Siam Battle Scerte A naval battle in the Gulf of Siam is reported, with both sides claiming victory. A Thai statement declares three French warships were sunk and a fourth probably put out of action. The French say they destroyed an armored, 2,000-ton ship, as well as two, and possibly more, torpedo boats. * * * 3,793 Loiidoiters Killed Civilians to the number of 3,793 were killed in Britain during December by Nazi air raids, London made known today. The total injured and hospitalized was 5,044. The figures show a slight drop from November’s total. Since June 18, the toll of dead is 23,081. Interview Applicants To Reduce Marriage Course Because applications for admission to the marriage course next semester have far exceeded the effective capacity of the experimental course, established last year under the direction of H. E. Wilkening of the school of physical education, applicants will be required to report for short personal interviews before they can be selected to take the course. All students interested in taking the course should report to Wilkening in his office, room 316 of the Executive Building, tomorrow afternoon, if possible. Those who cannot be present at that time should call Wilkening at his home before tomorrow evening and make arrangements for some other time.
blai^i Schedules... (Continued from page 1)
Course Divlilioit Period GOVERNMENT 9 P-J,L,P,Q 12 102 A 11 119 All 9 or 13 HISTORY 1 A 13 16 C 11 116 A !ll 121 A 13 122 A 13 HOME ADMINISTRATION 9 A 10 14 A 11 HORTICULTURE 26 A 10 29 A 11 34 A 10 113 A 10 130 A 10 INSTITUTION MANAGEMENT 36 B 10 8^ A 11 141 A 13 MATERIA MEDICA 1 A 11 MATHEMATICS 1 J-R 13 1 AA-AH 12 1 AI-AQ 10 2. C,D 13 2 G,H 10 2 1 12 3 P-T 12 3 U-W 10 4 G 12 9 G,H 13 12 A 12 12 G 10 MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 11 A,B 13 30 ...A,B,L-Q 11 30 R-W 12 31 A-C,G 13 31 ....H 11 33 A 12 111 A 10 172 A 10 METALLUR. ENGINEERING 105 A 11 109 B 13
Course . Division Peridd MObiILN LANGUAGES 21 B,C 10 23 B 10 41 B-fi 10 61 C 11 55 A IS 61 B 10 126 A 13 149a A 13 PHARM. CHEMISTRY 113 A 10 PHARMACY 11 All ; 13 33.... A 11 PHYSICAL ED. FOR MEN 21 A 1 12 31 A 11 46 A 11 186 A 13 PHYSICS 1 A,B,D,Q,AC,AD 10 1 1,N,0,W 11 2 c: 12 Ic All 10 21 A,B,D,QiAC,AD 10 22 C 12 POULTRY HUSBANDRY 25 A 13 PSYCHOLOGY 3 A 11 9 A B " 13 61 A 11 60 All 11
Coarse
Division
Period
108
A .........L.
12
SOCIOLOGY
76
C,G
10
, 76
H
is
178
.B
.10
179
A SPEECH
11
14
A,B'
is
i4
P.G
11
14
J-L
10
14
O-R
12
16....
E
IS
IS
P
11
106
A
18
116
P
is
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters snd addW nuUdlittea. new •nd used, for sale, rent and mair^ All foucea of pbrtable tjrpewrlteti, |».76 to <6>.50. Ofliod suppliea._MUnatertvh.aM multUtraph work. C. F. BibershoC 606 Han St. Phone 2779.
FOR RENT.
For Rent: Rusa-Bent-A-Car Service. Caka for all oceasionB. Min. $2.60 all nteht. Phone 2407.
Singrie Room For Rent: Available Jan. 22 in a new home at the corner of thd eampns. 608 Allen St. Phone 75911.
Notices
Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, January 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 850 of the EB building. Mr. J. A. Green will give a lecture demonstration on "loudspeaker testing." —REYNOLDS. An Students: All students interested in joining University owned co-op house, 1186 Northwestern avenue, see H. M. lord there, or Dean Fisher. Must know immediately. —LORD.
For Rent: Single rooip,..privafo entrance, continuous hot water, wafin and clean, $12. 314 Stadium Ave., Ph. Sl074.
For Rent: Room and garage two blocks from campus; continuous hot water: innerspring mattress: three windows storm plotted to one man for sixteen' dollais per month. Tel. 61718.
For Rent: Large wdl-lighted dotkble room with comfortable twin beds, hot water, shower. Very reasonable. Call 2812.
For Rent: Half of double room. Twin beds. 609 Dodge SC Phone 8760.
Undergraduate Dames: Card party Tuesday, January 21, at 7 :3& p. m. in room 263 of the Union. All attend. —GERSTUNG.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished rdom, twin beds, inner-spring mattresses, in new home. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 66001. Reasonable.
Freshman Squash: Only informal practice between semesters. Courts will be available most of the time. Scheduled matches among squad members will begin with the second semester. —KNOLL.
For Rent: Double room, continuous hot water. Phone 3923. 146 Andrew Place.
Co-eds: Swimming pool open every afternoon at 4 p. m. until Thursday, January 23. Mixed recreation will be held Friday, January 17, from 7:30 to 9:80 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Wanted: Boy to work in kitchen. $10 on room and board. Call 76601. 281 Pierce.
“REST ASSURED ” at HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
MADE FOR SMOKERS LIKE YOURSELF
You*ll enjoy Chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos. They give you something no other cigarette can offer. Chesterfields are MILD... the way yo« want a cigarette... not flat... not strong. Chesterfields smoke COOLER^ and every puff gives you that BETTER TASTE that Chesterfield is famous for. Ask for Chesterfields.
No Girl, regardless of her other traits can have a good time if she is ill-at-ease. A Boy who can make his “Date” feel natural and at ease helps the girl to enjoy herself. Personal appearance is VERY important. Clothes, Crown Cleaned and pressed will improve yotir personal appearance.
Cro
IWE CtlAIIERt or ritiE C L 0 T H E 6
. hi ' ti
A. 8
Gentlemen: One single room, a special price, single bed. 116 University St. PhoUe 66781.
WANTED Wanted: Two men students, knee hole desks, axminister rugs, single beds, continuous hot water. $9 each. Phone 2876. 108 Waldron.
V/
III *• 'S5><|