r'H " ■* /
i, I ^
11*
•N J
' * I, " J'r'-ii, f-n -r ^ >
Boilermakers Trim Wildcats 38 To 20 Riveters Coast Through Sluggish Game To Cop .500 Mark In Big Ten Standings ^ By Joe Dolan Purdue seniors gathered together last night for their last mass gathering for a Purdue athletic contest, sang their last waiHsong together, then sat down to watch a shambles. The majority remained seated until the end only for an occasional solo rise to see the latest in early spring ensembles which were the only color to be found last night in the Fieldhouse where Purdue defeated Northwestern, 38-20. Oh, hum! The season’^ over.
The ball game was wilder than a Gay Ninety Rodeo of the Wild West ever df^d to be. The only real activity appeared occasionally when the all-conference fullback, Don Clawson turned to his football tactics unintentionally to knock dome would-be Purdue basketeer so far that they had to purchase a ducat to get back into the court. By winning the contest, Purdue batted .500 for the season with a 6-6 record, which isn't bad when ya consider that Purdue has no man to match the tall conference centers and but one man, John Conrad, to drive under the hoop. Close At First Clawson fouled Frosty Sprowl to start the contest. Sprowl sank his free toss vdiich provided a fulcrum on which the two clubs played teeter-totter for 14 minutes with the score board laborously reading 8-7, Purdue, at that point. Prom here, Purdue swept to the front 16-8 before the gun announced siesta, as Don Blanken hit a one hand looper, Sprowl connected hjy his specialty fiom the foul circle, followed it by counting under the rim, and Johnnie Conrad hit a pair of naughtyopponent tosses. Clawson, Tsh, Tsh! As Clawson started the game by throwing Sprowl to the floor with a body slam; so he started the sec(Continued on page 4) Playshop Presents Fourth Major Play, 'Night Must Fall' Curtain Time Tomorrow Night At Seven-Thirty By Martha Jane Fox Tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock the curtain will open in Fowler Hall on Playshop’s third major production of its thirteenth season with Emlyn Williams’ “Night Must Fall.’’ This drama in three acts has been termed a “psychological melodrama” by William L. Deam, director of the play, and is slated to be one of their outstanding productions. Experienced Players The members of the cast are Lord Chief Justice, John De Young; Mrs. Bramson, Josephine Stong; Olivia Grayne, Betty Erick; Hubert Laurie, DiA Coleman; Mrs. Terence, Mary Alice Miller; Dora Parkoe, Jane Ostrander; Inspector Belsize, Bill Sharpies; and Dan, Dick Pittenger. All those in the cast are experienced players, and dress rehearsals are under way with the set completed. Action of the play centers around Dan. He is a bellboy in a resort hotel remotely located in Essex, England. After an aifair with the maid at Mrs. Bramson’s, Dan is summoned to the Bramson cottage. Such is his charm that Mrs. Bramson is immediately taken with him, adding him to her household servants. MaladJasted Character The murder of a guest at the hotel is traced to Dan by Olivia, an unhappy niece of Mrs. Bramson’s, who elects to shield him. Dan, grateful but powerless in the grip of homicidal instincts, plots the murder of Mrs. Bramson for her money. The play is one of mood and atmosphere but action is sufficient to create an element of suspense. A successful movie was made of “Night Must Fall” starring Dame May Whittey, of the original cast, Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell. It was very well received as the different presentations of the stage play have been. The curtain will go up at 7:80 o’clock Wednesday and Thursday nights, and at 8 o’clock Friday and Saturday nights. Coupons may still be exchanged for reserved seat tickets at the office in Fowler Hall.
x-ias
FoumM In 1889
xfument 9 ^ Mir Sliwn 1908 '
Volume 52« No. 128
West Iidfoyette* Indiana
Tuesday, March 4, 1941
All-Gmpus Convo Tonight
Nine Senior Co-eds Chosen For Friday May Queen Election As a reminder of coming warmer weather and the festivities that go with it, an anonymous student-fac-ulty committee Saturday selected nine girls to reign over the May Day celebration of this campus. The nine senior co-eds, selected for their beauty, personality and activities, are Peg Terstegge, Jean Jones, Merle Hagemeyer, Georgia Carrol, Ruth Bennett, Yvonne Holden, Victoria Milea, Rosemary Feil and Jeanne Chandler. Next Friday seniors will have the chance to pick their May Queen from this group. This is the second year that the Queen is elected by members of the senior class, and Harriette Simons, chairman of the AWS committee in charge of this event, urges a large vote. May Queen is one of few queens picked by vote of any section of the student body. May 15 The co-ed receiving the most votes in the election will reign and the other eight will seive as her court. The festival will be held in the Hall of Music again this year with -the Sing and other planned entertainments. May 15 IS the tentative date. Last year Ellen Kepner was Queen with Treva Berry, Alice Martens, Ann Sickman, Caroline Scott, Marge Stocker, Louise Schickler, Peg Little and Mary Petticrew acting as the court attendants. Voting Passports will be necessary for voting next Friday and the time the polls will be opened will be announced later. m.j.f. Navy Offers Positions in Aviation Reserves The United States Navy Recruiting Service yesterday announced a drive for candidates for the Naval Reserve Aviation branch. Recruiting stations are accepting all who qualify for aviation cadets. An applicant should have good physical condition, be 20 to 27 years old, and have had two years of college with half the credits required for a degree. After completion of one month at a reserve aviation base, applicants are appointed Aviation Cadets and are sent to Pensacola or one of the new stations at Jacksonville, Fla., or Corpus Christi, Tex., for further instructions. Upon graduation the cadets are appointed Ensigns in the Naval Reserve and are called to active duty with the fleet. Navy Recruiting Stations are located in Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, Terre Haute, Lafayette, Evansville, Richmond, Anderson, and Columbus. Activities Bureau Call-Out For Freshman Workers Activities Bureau will have their final call-out for all freshmen workers at 4 p. m. today. Walter Gipe, director of the Activities Bureau, will explain the opportunities open in Activities Bureau to freshmen. Freshmen will be able to choose from the different Tttaffs: publicity, eligibility, handbook, personnel, data sheets, and interviewing. There are many openings in all staffs for both co-eds and eds. No previous experience is necessary, noon. Exponent Poll All those who have not turned in their Exponent poll answers should place them in the poll box in the office not later than 4:30 this after*
Turk Army Rushes To (^reek Line Plan For Thrust Across Thrace To Cut Oft Nazi Drive Through Struma By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1941, Chicago Daily News. Inc. Sofia, March 3—Turkey is rushing troops to her Greek border in readiness for a thrust across Thrace to cut off the German drive down the Struma Valley, it was learned on unquestionable authority today. (An Associated Press dispatch from Istanbul says the Turkish Navy has mined all except a narrow channel in the strategic Dardanelles Straits, which have been closed to all ships except those given special permits and employing Turkish naval pilots.) Now that the Germans have definitely invaded Bulgaria and committed themselves to a Greek rather than to an Anatolian campaign, the bxake on the Russian escape clause on Turkish liberty of action has been removed. British Relationships The British foreign minister, Anthony Eden, limited himself to asking questions concerning the Turkish position without putting on pressure of any kind, during his conversations with the Turkish government. In order to counteract the coolness caused by the insistence of British military men on a definite Turkish commitment against Bulgaria, Eden put the entire alliance on a cut-and-dried basis, the sense of which is that the Turks are not obliged to cross their northern frontier to meet the Germans and Bulgarians unless they consider that the Turk-Bulgarian agreement of amity has become a dead letter, and they are not ever obliged to enter Greece unless they wish to. May Have Exacted Price It is once more confirmed from Ankara that the Turko-Bulgarian treaty was Russian-inspired, the purpose being to draw the Germans (Continued on page 4) 'Hoops, Hoopla' Title Of Elliott's Basketball Banquet Discussion “Hoops and Hoopla” is the rare title that President E. C. Elliott has given the speech with which he will open the program of tomorrow evening’s Basketball Banquet. Both varsity and freshman squads, resting easily, will be feted at 6 o’clock in the Union. Continuing in this light vein, ready-witted Harold Van Orman, former Indiana Lieutenant Governor, will serve as toastmaster. The Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart and the varsity band headed by A1 Todd are also on the program. At the dinner, letters will be awarded to members of the freshman and varsity teams Bind the-cap-tain of the ’41-’42 squad will be elected. The banquet is sponsored by the Lafayette Lions Club and has the cooperation of the Exchange, Kiwanis, Optimist and Rotary Clubs, r.r.r. Of. W. I. Brasch ... of the Education and Applied Psychology Department will speak tomorrow night at 8 p. m. before the PTA of Jefferson High School. Dr. Brasch will spehk on “Who Should Go'^to College.” The meeting is to Be held in the Jeff Auditorium.
M-From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
to Chiesgo Daily News Foreisn Service. Oopyricht, 1940. Chiewo Daily News, Inc. • Nazies Must Leave Rumania “War operations by Greece and Great Britain against the Germans occupying Rumania will begin, if the Rumanian government has not taken steps to force them to leave, by Wednesday,” radios George Weller from Sofia.
• Germans Reach Greece The vanguard of German troops has reached the Greek frontier—at one point only 66 miles from Salonika—it was said in Sofia. Unconfirmed reports in Yugoslavia said fires had been started in the Rumanian oilfields, presumably by British bombers.
• Turkey Mines Dardanelles Turkey has mined all but a narrow channel in the Dardanelles Straits, it was revealed in Istanbul today. Only ships employing Turkish naval pilots are allowed to pass.
• Turks Rush To Greece “Turkey is rushing troops to her Greek border in readiness for a thrust across Thrace to cut off the German drive down the Struma Valley, it was learned on unquestionable authority today,” George Weller radios
• Eden Mission Vital “The results of Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden’s visit to Athens following his consultations with the Turkish' government will probably determine whether the British and Germans clash on the Balkan front in the near future,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick.
• Nazis Sink 3 Vessels Three vessels totaling 21,000 tons have been sunk and two others damaged, the German high command said, reporting on the submarine and plane warfare on British shipping. Port facilities at British-held Tobruk were attacked.
• Install Winant At London John G. Winant, described by William H. Stoneman as “one of the quietest and most restrained ambassadors the United States has ever had anywhere,” was installed today in his new office in London. Mary E. Chase Will Address Writer Group Mary Ellen Chase, educator, author, and regular contributor to Harper’s, Scribener’s, Atlantic Monthly, Yale Review, and other literary magazines, will speak at the awards dinner of the fifteenth annual University Literary Contest May 1. Trophies and cash will be awarded for winning manuscripts. The prizes offered are: the George Ade Cup for the best short play; the Governor Schricker Cup for the best informal essay; the David E. Ross Cup for the best short story; the Dean Enders Prize, $15 and $10, for the best science essays; the Hock-ema-St'ewart Prizes, $16 and $10, for the best essays on Indiana history; the English department prize, $10, for the second best informal essay; the Winterrowd prizes, $100 and $35, for the best senior libraries; and the Meriam-Webster prizes for freshman vocabulary. Manuscripts for the contest must be submitted at the office of the English department or Room 806A, University Hall, before April 26. w.e.r.
Joe Boland Named Aide To Elward Notre Dame Line Coach Assumes Duties Today As Grid Practice Opens Mai Elward, athletic director and head football coach, announced yesterday that Joe Boland, line coach of Notre Dame’s elevens for the past seven years, has accepted a position as assistant football coach. He is reporting for the opening of spring practice today. Boland’s services became available when he resigned his position at Notre Dame after Elmer Layden accepted the post as commissioner of professional football and Prank Leahy and his staff took charge of the football of the Irish Boland has had coaching experience since he staried as a tackle on the Notre Dame elevens of 1924, 1926, and 1926. On the m4 “Four Horseman” eleven, he was a teammate of the late Noble E. Kizer, former athletic diiectoi and head football coach. Following his graduation from Notre Dame, Boland joined the Santa Clara football staff where he served two years as line coach. He was called to St. Thomas college in St. Paul, Minn., as athletic director and head football and track coach in the fall of 1929. In January, 1934, he joined the Notre Dame staff as line coach where his work has attracted nation-wide attention a.c. WSSF Hears Moritz Speak On War-Torn University Campuses “Can you imagine Purdue with mud-walled buildiiJgs and bamboo laboratory tables,” stated Paul Moritz' Sunday evening to over a hundred students and friends in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. “Well that is the environment that the war-torn Chinese college students must attend.” Mr. Moritz, who has just returned from the war-stricken campuses of both Europe and Asia, opened the University drive of the WSSF (World Student Service Fund). “Before Japan started moving into China, the colleges along the coast enjoyed the same magnificent campuses as students, of the United States have. Of the 108 Chinese universities, 91 had to be abandoned. Some of them moved westward— a distance as great as Lafayette to Denver. The traveler went further to state that 60% of the college membership have tuberculosis. Medical supplies are out of reach, for the army comes first. Others have died from mali^ourishment but the enrollment has increased during the war period from 411^000 to 45,000. To establish the fact that our money does reach the needy students, Paul Moritz stated that last year over 9,000 Chinese studehts were helped. In the European war areas, our money does not go into the national economy but directly into bujnng books and supplies for the refug^ee Polish, Scandinavian, French, Dutch, Belgians, Albanians, and other students of former countries. e.w.n. Mildred Inwood . .. United Airline dietition, will speak at the meeting of the class of survey of Home Economics, today at II o*dioric in the Home Economics Auditorium. She will teU her work and experiences in the airline service. Viaitmrs are welcome.
Music Organizalions Will Present Concert In Music Hall At 8 PM Tonight at 8 p. m. the doors of the Hall of Music swing open to students and townspeople for the 1941 campus-talent music convocation. This concert brings together the Symphonic Band under “Spots" Emrick, the University Orchestra directed by Joseph M. Ragains, and the Men’s Glee Club, and Cdncert Choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. Variety Program This is the first tim,e in several years that all four of these groups have been brought together in one concert and a program of interesting variety has been assembled. Symphony music, a ballad, violin solos, and a group of g3rpsy caravan airs, complete with covered wagon, dogs, gjnpsies m costume around a fire all are included in the evening’s entertainment. “Spots” Wields Baton Beginning the concert, the Symphonic Band, following “Spots” Emrick’s baton, plays the four movements of Haydn’s Symphony No. 11, “Military,” and “Marche Slav” by Tschaikowsky. After an intermission, the Concert Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewait, sings “The Ballad For Americans” by LaTouche and Robinson, produced with special permission of The Robbins Musical Corp. of New York City. Wallace Woodrow is baritone soloist and Joanne Lloyd is accompanist in this outstanding music interpretation of the ideas and growth of our United States. Following the Concert Choir number, two violin solos, “Czardas” by Monti and “Ziegeunerweisen” by Sarasite, will be played by Vernon Westburg, concert-master of the University Orchestra. Gypsy Caravan Group Concluding the concert will be the colorful gypsy caravan g^roup by the combiued Concert Choir and Men’s Glee Glub directed by Albert P. Stewart. This group will depict a band of gypsies gathered around a fire in the evening, singing their characteristic melodies. Among those heard will be “My Hero” from “The Chocolate SoldiCT” by Strauss; “Giannina Mia” from “The Firefiy” by Friml and “Play Gypsies, Dance Gypsies,” from “Countess Moritza” by Kahlman. Marvin Smith does the tenor solo part in “Giannina Mia”; Woodrow, baritone, will sing “Without a Song” by Yeoman and Alberta SchmadeL (Continued on page 2) Wesley Foui^fion To Erect Memoi^^ In Honor Of Neel^ A new Wesley Foimdation Building at the University is assured throi^h the sale of real estate in Anderson, it was announced yesterday by Dr. Otto Scott Steele, director of the Wesley Foundation at Piudue. The real estate was the gift of the late 'Fhpmpson G. Neeley of Anderson who died in May, 1986. The proceeds will be used in riie erection of the new Neeley Memorial Wesley Foundation building hero. The cost of the site, building, and fnmhihings, wUl be approxim^ 000.00. " " The board of directom of the Foundation has selected as the site of the new building the location of the three Foundation px^perHes at 436 State, 448 State, and »ieeta streets, in West Lafayette. The board has naqsed a huilding ocHttmittee which is working with the architect in making plans fmr the new building. tarik wilt he oomideted withhi a tew vumlHuk It hip not been determined when ^ huildiiig program yrOt beiim
. ¥V
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
yTSTERY SM RAIDERl
—AND— I fwAwgi Wfawai gnoobon
-ALSO-
"GREEK ARCHER" Serial
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
ALSO-
FRANK MORfiAN ■PHr bEBBEPW^d flBID * MiP lOTBiPI * fp^M wPIW
iPa^2~’£iiiiA Physiast Will Show Electron Microscope Sigma Xi society will feature Dr. V. K. Zworykin, director of the RCA research laboratories, in a lecture at 7:30 Thursday, in Stanley Coulter hall. Dr. Zworykin will speak on the electron microscope. This microscope is 20 to 60 times more powerful than the ordinary light microscope and is the newest microscope which has been developed. Dr. Zworykin will show photographs taken with it of virus and other minute particles. Dr. Zworykin is holder of 74 U. S. patents and has made contributions to the devolpment of radio and television. He received the Morris Liebman Memorial prize and the Overseas Premium from the Institution ot Electrical Engineers in 1934 and last year was selected to receive the American Pioneer Award. a.c. Tea Dance . . . sponsored by the Student Union will be held this afternoon in the North Ballroom of the Union •from 4-6:45 p. m. All students are invited. Cofivo Tonight (Continued from page 1) soprano soloist, sings “Gypsy Air” by Sergei. This special convo is being presented under the auspices of the Committee for Convocations and Lectures headed by J. S. Gunn. Students will be admitted by passports while townspeople can obtain tickets for one dollar at the door. Students and faculty are invited to attend a reception honoring the musicians to be held in the south ballroom immediately following the convocation. Refreshments will be served.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Mnt On gal Dto iNDid to star^ on aswg!
A IWEOtl^
• PamMwt ncnm win JERRY CUNA • UUMN CORNOL ALBERT OEKKER • EDWARD EVEREH NORTDN • TEDDY HART
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
• Amnioa'i No. 1 wktartaixuatnt in thn Haidy's bnot htt yat ... and that maani IfaTERRinCi
jwni nciif MT non-lomn-moon MjUI._ HU DUVIliUPODD • MMWPI • NVJiyUI KAnami bbitwoii
Tuesdoy, March 4, 1941
WAA News Dorothy Bennett, author of the book, “Sold to the Ladies, or Three Girls on a Barge,” will be the guest speaker at the WAA Winter Formal Banquet, whose date has been set for Thursday, March 20 at six o’clock in the Home Economics cafeteria. Miss Bennett will take time off from her duties as staff member of the New York Museum of Natural History to come and speak to the co-eds. She will tell us some of the exciting things that happened to her from the time she left college. No one will want to miss hearing her. —WAA— During the banquet, next year’s officers will be installed and awards will be presented. All WAA members should be there. Tickets can be purchased from all WAA council members and at the Women’s gym for fifty cents. As in previous years, meals will probably not be served in sorority houses. Plan to come to the banquet. —WAA— Chi Omega defeated Wood Hall in the finals of the Intramural basketball tournament yesterday afternoon at four o’clock in the gym. The score was 18-17 — congratulations Chi Omega. —WAA— Speaking about basketball, the practices for the intra-class tournament will be held Wednesday and Friday of this week and next Monday at four o’clock in the gym. Freshmen and sophomores will practice at four o’clock and the junior and senior teams will practice at four-forty-five. AlChE To Hear Speech About New Distillation New advances in the distillation industry will be described before the AIChE at their meeting tomorrow evening in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. George Pohler and J. W. Willkie, officials of the J. E. Seagram & Sons, Louisville, will discuss with the group the discovery of a new low temperature distillation process. Elimination of high temperatures formerly required for distillation makes it possible to retain flavor “esters” that had been destroyed by the old method, they claim. Pohler will lecture on the intricacies of the process and Willkie will demonstrate the new equipment which involves many departures fx’om that now in use. Vice President of Seagram’s, Willkie is a brother of the Republican nominee, r.r.r.
.The Ratio— 3.93 \ • • to 1
Well, we had quite a week-end last week didn’t.we? Heard that Cotillion was really swell. Ruth Rose was telling me that at the very last, Jurgens concentrated on the soft sweet stuff and you could have heard a pin drop. Did anybody by any chance happen to notice Bill Simpson in his version of a crew-cut? His date for the dance Doris Stroble was all in favor of it until she saw him and then she admitted that she used to like crew-cuts. ''After seeing Bill, them days are now gone forever. The Theta Ghis had a formal dance Saturday night, at which Sally Tyler and Ann Anderson sang. Nobody could figure out where they got to so fast after their number, though. Did they leave quietly, or else ? Speaking of Ann Anderson, she’s in this Union show, you know. Well, the other day, she thought she would demonstrate, with the aid of Bob Von Behren, her deep back bend. Only trouble was that Bob turned out to be of little help. Better watch that stuff, Ann. We know a girl one time who tried that and couldn’t get back up. Looked mighty silly going around with crooked back, too. The Chi O’s had their state dance down at the lAC last week-end and naturally Joan Geer asked Bob Insley, last year’s Exponent Editor, to come down from Schenectady and meet her there for it. Well, those two hadn’t seen each other for about three months and when Bob saw her coming across the street, he rushed out and embraced her right in the middle of the street with cars tearing ai'ound them from all sides. Boy, that’s love for you. While we’re off the campus, what’s this we hear about John Van Horn now being called “Rip” because of what happened down at Bloomington Saturday night? What’s it all about. Rip? A new pin over the week-end, too. Nan Zachary took J. C. Wayne’s Sig Ep pin. Congratulations, people. Bill Lancet, Junior Debris Ed., just came in with a picture of Peg Davis which is going to be in this year’s Debris, and it’s really a beauty. Bill said that Ed Ford, Delt, had just offered him $2.50 for the picture. We’ll give you a dollar. Bill.
Sigma Pi
We Are Mow Restoring the VITAMIN B1 Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-BI Yeast
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS Now IN PERSON on tho Sononl Abner
BmmI on LUm4 fMinre CeaiU f by AT Cmp h aKC/BAOlO PLUS
THE EAST SIDE KIDS IN BOYS OF THE CITY WITH BOBBY JORDAN LEO GORCEY
Maybe We're Wrong . . . but an article appearing in this week’s issue of Life magazine leads us to believe that the hate propaganda has at last started to flow. The article depicts a series of beatings, supposedly administered by the Gestapo on a member of the Ommunist party in Germany. It is a gruesome story of men displaying some of their sadistic tendencies. ' We are not in any position to judge the veracity of the author or the material, but we are in a position to realize that the niaterial, whether true or untrue, is better left unprinted. This may not be in line with the policy of printing the truth even when it hurts but just plain common sense warns us to steer clear of such material when the world is so tom with intolerance and hate. At the start of the war movie producers, newspaper publishers, authors and other groups who have profound influence on public opinion and thought were unanimous in their denunciation of the hate technique as exemplified by “The Beast of Berlin,” the stories of the cutting off of Belgium babies hands, etc., of the last war. Recently however both the newspapers and the movies have begun to appeal to the baser instincts of the public. In times of great indecision such as these the less of this particular variety of propaganda the better. It neither adds nor detracts to the educational wealth of the world but it does foster hatreds which greatly influence our decisions.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered ae second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress ot March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, ac6 of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday duriiig the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chi«f R. W. Danahue Business ManAger ^ Merle Hagemeyer PuUioifieii Staff News ESditor ... J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Helple" Associate EMitors: N. A. Ochiltre^ J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. BuiinoM Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ad Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P, Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertisinf; by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue ’ Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Allanson Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: J. D. Smith, D. M. Black, R. C. Sherman, R. R. Runion, M. J. Fox, E. J. Keiper, M. K, Boynton, V. Barson.
The ^fh Column
We happened to drop into the Sweet Shop yesterday. And the nickelodian was still going. Now we’ve heard Beat Me Daddy Eight To The Bar, and Scrub Me Mamma With A Boogie Beat but be dawgoned if they didn’t slip in a new one on us. Called Beat Me Brother With A Solid Four. i|i >|i All they need now is . . . Slap Me Sister With A Solid Six. * * * And the whole family will be singing Rumboogie. * * r(t Last Satui’day we ran a Fifth Column as usual, but
it met with foul play somewhere between the typewriter and the paper carrier. The whole thing smelled like sabotage. Which in our business is something like the Gestapo ... " Going to work on the GPU. i< ♦ 1. Anyway one of our prize winners was inadvertently omitted, so we are taking this opportunity to make redress. The Academy of Easy Chair Strategists has named one Joe Stalin to receive the Razzberrie Award for most consistent performance for the past year. He’s the one and only man in this world of double crossing dictators that can absolutely be counted on in every instance and under every circumstance . . . To cut everybody’s throat. ^ ♦ si< Speaking of the column being sabotaged we thought it very significant. In the light of our award to the President for the title of the Great Profile. That in spite of the fact that Joe Stalin failed to make the grade. And various lines disappeared here and there. FDR was still right in there.—dkh
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Gilbert Carlson, Chicago.
Fraternity Squads Meet In Badminton Starting piomptly at 4 p. in. this afternoon on the Pieldhouse courts, the inter-fraternity badminton doubles tournament on the Boilermaker campus will get into full sway, with twenty fraternities competing in the event. Tournament play will continue daily until each team has played four games, the highest eight in these eliminations going to the final round. Twenty-five participation points will be awarded to each fraternity entering a team, and five points given to the winners, along with three to the runners-up. Because of the scarcity of badminton courts, the Intramural Office urges that each match be played on schedule.
A FEW of Our Amazing Bargains Caslimiere Bouquet 4 for 26c 25c Lifebuoy SJiave Cream 2 for 33c 75c Listerine Antiseptic (14 ox.) 59c 50c Ipana 39c 50c Mennen Skin Bracer 39c Yardley Talc 85c and Many More UNIVERSITY DRUG CO. Free Delivery DIAL 4094
Student Orchestra Issues Second Call Irving Smulevitz, manager of the All Student Symphony Orchestra, has issued a second call for over a hundred student musicians. The orchestra, which is student organized, directed, and managed, wilj present a program of semi-classical and modem music at a future date. Irv Given will direct the orchestra. All students who are interested and who play percussion, string, brass, and reed instruments are asked to call 41961 and leave their name, address, telephone number, and name of instrument played, or they may leave this same information at the PIA office. a.t.e. Dr. Hall To Speak Toaight At Open Forestry Meeting Dr. J. A, Hall, director of the Central States Forest Experiment Station, Columbus, Ohio, will be the guest speaker at an open meeting of the Forestry Club this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Horticulture Building. “Forestry in the Central States and Its Relation to the People,” will be his topic. Refreshments will be served and everyone is invited to attend. r.r.r.
Students at New York city’s four municipal colleges last year contributed $972,000 in fees.
WSSF Thermometer
Goal: $700
$700
$700
$000
$000
$500
$500
$400
$400
$900
$300
$200
$200
$100
$100
$50
$50
$25
<■
$25
0
1
0
''' '■ "
1
■
To Date: $23
Hybrid Seed Growers To Meet On Campus Discussions and talks on the latest research results of hybrid corn, insect problems in seed houses, fertilizer processes, seed drying problems, and advertising will feature the third annual conference of hybrid seed corn producers to be held on the campus Thursday and Friday. Thursday evening, H. J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture, will be chairman of an informal dinner program that will consist of an address on “Research” by Dr. W. L. Burlison, chief of agronomy at the University 'of Illinois, and the showing of motion pictures. T. R. Johnson, director of the bureau of information, will conduct a round table discussion on hybrid corn advertising later that evening. M. O. Pence and K. E. Beeson, of the University, will preside over the initial sessions, while Prof. A. T. Wiancko and Dr. Ralph Caldwell, heads of the agronomy and botany departments, respectively, will lead Friday’s meetings, w.ejf. Student Union ... is sponsoring a program of classical recordings tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Music Room of the Union. WBAA TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:60—^Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:16—^Town Crier 12:30—;'Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Cue for a Song, Prank Red^y 1:30—Dorothy Washam, singer 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:16—Camera Club 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:46—^Treasure Chest 3:00—American Legion Program 3:16—Mpgic Carpet 3:80—Organ Moods, Frank Reddy 4:00—Memory Lane 4:16—^Virginia Ulrey 4:30—^Intramural Rpundup 4:46—Story Book Hour''‘Ai
■k".
PjujuUul Red Clad Team Victorious In Intra-Squad Frosti Hardwood Tussle In Fieldhouse Turning in their last performance on the hardwood court as freshmen on Coach Dutch Fehring’s frosh net squad, 19 Riveter yearlings participated in an intra-squad contest last night preceding the Wisconsin tussle. Coming out on top in a rather closely-fought game the red-shirted team succeeded in overcoming its white clad adversaires by a score of 41 to 32. Scoring Begins
Tuesday, March 4, 1941
'/
PeujA. S '
First to get the range on the hoop was Eetling of the red team. Following his scoring attempt, his lanky teammate Jack Menke put the sphereoid through the net for another red tally. Not to be outclassed the white team made a comeback featured by the long shot which stocky Pechin, a guard on the white team, managed to sink from far back and to the right of the orthodox scoring range. At half-time the red team had a score half again as large as its opponent to its credit, giving the red players 21 points to 14 of the whites. Pechin opened the scoring in the new half with another of his long shot specialties. The red-shirted and red-topped Anderson retalliated for the red team, but Jack Wright in a white jersey nullified Anderson’s attempts by scoring twice in rapid succession. Meake Is High High scoring honors of the contest went to Menke, who managed to glean 15 points for the red team. Swantz of the white squad totaled nine counters while Lawson, Wright, Wooden and Pechin distinguished themselves by gathering seven, six, six and six points respectively. Commenting on the lads that are leaving his training. Coach Fehring stated that he has never worked with a finer bunch of boys, d.w.m.
Dusky Giant
Archie Harris, who practices for the shot put by tossing around a 23-pound facsimile of a cannon ball. Arch, 220 pounds of muscle, is the same lU Negro who plays end on Bo McMillin’s football team. Harris put the shot 49 feet, 2 inches to win the conference indoor meet last year, o.t.c.
Irishman’s Final Big Ten Standings
llliisiens
W
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Not that it matters: But have you noticed that University of Chicago is contemplating the de-emphasis of their basketbalk program—in other words, no other conference competition for their netters just as their football team is'deprived of similar competition. I’m all for it, and for the de-em-phasis of all conference play for C. U. —I-I— You know, Chicago reminds me of the guy who belongs to a bridge club but is afraid of being defeated constantly; so he sits around just to be a kibitzer on other members’ activities. -1-1— I firmly agree with Mr. Hutchins that constant defeat isn’t just the thing for a harmonious campus life, but I wish this “Ten Cents” fellow would remember that there is such a habit of staying in one’s competition. For example, the ancient, marvelous baseball team known far and wide as the Baltimore Orioles became wise enough to play minor ■ league baseball when they no longer won among larger city competition. —I-I— Certainly, Chicago wins the con-
TP OP
Wisconsin H 1 636 416 Indiana 10 2 529 415 Minnesota 7 5 517 464 Ohio State 7 6 516 496 Illinois 7 6 520 604 Purdue 6 6 500 522 Michigan 6 7 473 460 Iowa 4 8 519 638 Northwestern 3 9 463 519 Chicago 0 12 380 612
ference tennis title season after season, but tennis is only onetwelfth of Big Ten athletics. Tennis isn’t a game of the big muscles^ and the same goes for fencing. —I-I— My two-bits worth won't change the course of such a large, admirable school as Chicago, but if Chicago drops basketball, other than intramural, it should consider nine other schools whose athletic constitution was constructed for ten schools, not nine and a-half. —I-I— Chicago is, and is recognized as, tops academically, for liberal arts schools, but she’s trying to keep company with defeat, and it’s worse tasting stuff than quinine. If she drops basketball, I hope she’ll remember nine other schools, —I-I— Incidentally, this column doesn’t reflect the official opinion of this paper. Amen.
i9*
XEST ASSURED’
at
HOTEL FOWLER
?
200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer ' Airconditioiied
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
cotoNo IM Innis gjg vvill Attract 262 Assemble At Ohio Sfafe/ , ^ ■
indoor Stars Her^ Friday, Saturday
Michigan Tops List Of Entries With 39; Twelve-Event Card Planned By Phillips
For CbanipioDship Meet
In a small room'situated directly aside from the Fieldhouse gymnasium a determined band of Boilermaker matmen is working out each afternoon in preparation for the Western Conference wrestling meet to be held this coming Friday and Saturday, March 7-8, at Ohio State University. Coach Claude Reeck announced that he plans on sending five men to Columbus, each performing under a different weight division and representing a wide variety of wrestling skill and prowess. Co-Captain Casey Fredericks, who sees action at the 121-class, and Joe Hlinka, a 166-pounder, head the roster of the men making the trip. The squad is completed with the addition of Jack Foster at 136, Frank Ruggieri, the only heavyweight, and either John Papurca, 145 pounds, or Robert Britt, 155 pounds, filling out the five-man squad. Last year the Indiana Hoosiers came through to cop top honors in the season’s grand finale event, and again this year with three outstanding men held over they will undoubtedly set a fast pace in their effort to retain the crown. Antonacci, top man on the Hoosier squad and the NAA champion in the 121-pound division, teams with Wilson at 136 and Lazzari at 156 to form the nucleus of the well rounded outfit. ' The meet will be studded with individuals stars from various schools, and the lineup contains such names as Petry, Illinois; Montanaro, Ohio State; Roberts, Wisconsin; Whitmore, Iowa, and a score of other athletes that represent the finest the Big Ten has to offer. Roundup Will Present Taylor Over Air Today ^ Bud Taylor, president of the Gimlet Club and SAA, and Sigma Chi athletic manager, will be interviewed in this afternoon’s “Intramural Roundup” over WBAA at
4:30 p. m.
Loren Brower, newly appointed chief of the program, will discuss various ward policies as well as give a summary of last week’s interfraternity track meet, which was won by Pi Kappa Phi.
Student tickets for the Big Ten Track and Field Indoor Championships are now on sale at the ticket cent ticket presented with a passport will admit a student for both the Friday and Saturday night sessions. Tickets to students are sold only upon presentation of the passport.
Big Ten Mermen Meet This Week-End; iowa Host To Conference With the Big Ten conference swimming meet only four days away, pre-meet activities have reached a feverish pitch in the Riveter pool as well as in the pools of the other midwest representatives. Once again the experts hkve to admit that it looks like another Michigan year because of the Wolverine’s outstanding record and the fact that the Ann Arbor contingent has titledefenders in almost every event. The meet will be held in the University of Iowa pool on this coming Friday and Saturday nights. Second Place? With Michigan’s -whereabouts at the end of the meet practically decided, a good part of the meet will revolve about the dog fight for run-ner-up spot in the conference. Ohio State, Northwestern, Minnesota, Iowa and the Boilermakers possess records that nominate them as the most likely to come through. In dual meets with Ohio State and Northwestern, the Riveters were on the short end of the score, but the losing margin was so slim in both cases that reverse decisions in some of the hair-line finishes would have changed the winner of the meets. In a meet of this type, where so many teams are competing, individual stars are an important factor in winning a high position, even more so than team balance. This is one reason for Michigan’s past success and a reason why Michigan is the favorite again this year. The Wolverine squad carries Charlie Barker, 50-yard free style champ; Gus Sharemet, National Collegiate ^100-yard champ; Jim Skinner, a sophomore who holds the AAU breast-stroke crown, and Francis Heydt, Big Ten backstroke titlist. Top Diver Ohio State’s veteran Earl Clark will probably have the diving all to himself, especially after the ineligibility of Michigan’s Tebo Martin, wht) offered the nearest thing to competition. Another power looming large on the Michigan front is Jim Welsh, whose times for the 220 and 440 yard free style events have been the fastest clocked in the country. Coach Dick Papenguth will leave for Iowa on Thursday morning at 11:30 with 16 Riveter swimmers.
j.d.f.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Frofeisional
• School Suppliea
Risk Dental Clinic ok. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th » Main Sta. PhoiM 5710
DEAC'S Everythino ‘ for a Colleige Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST H9Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Ice and Coal
• Jewelera
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.-
Haya Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate' Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Herdware
Edgerton Mdwo. Inc. Quality Mdse.—-Lower Prices If It’s Hardware We HWe It Phone 4354 We Oellvor
• Tailor
Spafrrendahl Tailor HNwMer Hotel BMe. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and uf>
Sperb Hardwire Quality Mdse.—Riaht Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
When 262 athletes, representing ten Western Conference schools, converge upon the Fieldhouse this week-eiid for the Big Ten Indoor Championships, no less than two an4(^e-half tons of shot putters will heave and grunt to outdo each other in throwing the 16-pound iron ball.
Leading the group of 28 will be
Indiana’s Archie Harris, who won the conference indoor meet last year with a toss of 49 feet, 2 inches. Archie packs about 210 pounds on his huge frame. Like Don Clawson, Northwestern; Henry Luebcke, Iowa, and George Paskvan, Wisoonsin, he is a prominent football
player during the autumn.
Giant Hawk
Hank Luebcke, 270 pound Hawkeye football tackle, is perhaps the largest shot putter in active competition since Jack Torrance put his 300 pounds of avoirdupois into a heave of 57 feet, linch that established the present world’s record. The Wildcats’ plunging fullback, Don Clawson, tips the beam at approximately 220 pounds, while Wisconsin’s George Paskavan comes in very close to that mark. Dave Rankin and Bill Neff, AllAmerican end and senior Boilermaker tackle, respectively, will support Forrest “Jake” Weber and Bill Kinyon as the four entries for the home team over the week-end. Jake established a new Purdue indoor record Saturday against lU, throwing the shot 48 feet, 4 inches to beat his own mark of 46 feet
% inch.
Paskvan was second to Harris indoors in the 1940 campaign, -with Hqgh Rendlemkn coming in fifth. Sill Malisch and Bill Leuz, who placed third and fourth last year have been graduated. Some enterprising sports reporter has taken
advantage of Rendlennuin’s 250 pounds and his name, Hugh, to bring about the monicker, “Huge.”
Huge
Rendleman is more than a big boy physically, for he recently set a Chicago Fieldhouse record of 48 feet, 11 inches. Bob Hook, star Michigan entry, and a lad who scales better than 200 pounds, completes
the “beef trust.”
There is a good chance that the Big Ten indoor record will be shattered in the face of this group and stera competition is assured. Harris has the best chance of any to beat the precedent made by another dusky athlete. Bill Watson of Michigan tossed the^ iron ball 61 feet, 8% inches in 1939 for the present
mark. o.t.c.
IM SchcdulM
BADMlNtON Tuesday, Match 4
4:16—Acacia, Alpha Chi Kho, Alpha Gamma Kho, Phi Delta The^ Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Eim>pa Tau, Pi Kappa Phi, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Triangle. 4:8(l—^Alpha Kappa lambda. Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Bho.
RIFLE
Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Kappa Lambda. Alpha Gamma Rho.
BASKETBALL
Court 1—^Hugh Young, John Papurca 7 ;00 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi.
7:16 Chauncey vs. Owen.
8:00 Dover vs. Circle Pines.
Court 2—^H. Goldstein
7:00 Ward 10 vs. Ward 18.
7:15 Luma vs. Kneale. 8:00 Wesley vs. Rochdale.
Court 8—Harry Schwartz, B. Stockdell 7:00 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Phi
Elpsilon.
7:15 Marwood vs. Salisbury. 8:00 Ward 7 vs. Ward 6. .
. vei'ff :
Tuesday. March 4. 1941
£xftMuad,
Notices
•t Cmi4IUmu in Knclidi m4 KxMBtatntiowi will be hdd in room 101 tA tbe MnenUon bniidine BntnHny. Mnreh U, nt 1 ». «. -rCRBBK. All Ce-eiet Hmm wnntinc TWCK enbfnH poaitioB* fee next rear ehonUI mhA petItioM to MIm Brmnt or MIm CooUdce before Uneb 11. —BBTAKT.
SurvejrinK (CB 6): Examination for removal of C and I Krades will be held in room 101, CB building on Saturday afternoon, March 15. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
W88F: All workers I Get workers’ info sheets—^full data on campaign—^from WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbatum. —BELCHER.
All Students: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must do so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departmOnts and must be sighed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The curds must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
Scabbard and Blade Actives: Meeting on Tuesday, March 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 866 of Union. Dance bids will be passed out. —MEESE.
Forestry Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 7:30 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. Refreshments will he served. —HESTERBURG.
Keview ClasaM to BnglUht The toUowing classes will be held: Gramtoar. week of February 17; Punctuatioii# week of February 24; Spelling, week of Mardi S. Th^ will all be given in room Til of University Hall at ’b .p. ou _ —CREEK.
PI A Dance Classes: Advanced class meets Thursday, March 6. Beginners, Wednesday, March 6. —HUMPHREY.
CE 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will he held on March 16, room 126, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the exam must be obtained from me before March 12. —GREVE.
Students With C or 1 grades: Examinations for the removal of C or I grades in History. Government or Economies will be given ^turday, March 8, at 1 p. m. in room 818 of the Recitation building. AvPl*" cations should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
Students and Faculty: Subscribers who have not received their winter copy of Scrivener drop a card to the office in the Union at once. —ALEXANDER.
Military Students: A motion picture, “The Wizardry of Wireless,” will be shown Tuesday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in the Armory, and is being shown especially for junior cadet officers. —BURKHART.
Students With C Or 1 In Mathematics: Examinations for removal of C or I grades in mathematics will be held in the Recitation Building Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. Exam permits should be obtained from your instructor by Thursday, March 6. —SMITH.
Flying Club: Meeting at 7 p. m. Wednesday, March 5, in room 263 of Union. —GREVE.
All Co-eds; Those interested in being in the WAA Council sign up at the Memorial gymnasium by Tuesday. March 4. —WESTOVER.
AH Students: Interested in dramatics should attend tryoUts for "Bachelor Born” this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. —DEAM.
Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 6, in room 201 of the Education Building^ at 8 p. m. All junior and senior education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and their jobs. —^NORQUIST.
WSSF: Important general committee meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 4:15 p. m. in room 212. ^BELINKER,
AH Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball starts this week; tomorrow, Friday and next Monday. Freshmen and sophomores practice at 4 p. m. and juniors and seniors practice at 4'.tB p. m. —FISHLEIGH.
ME 30 C’s and I’s: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 30 last semester will be given Saturday. March 16, at 1:00 p. m. In room ME 113. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 15. —COPE.
Modern Dance Club: NO rehearsal Tuesday evening. Rehearsals on Wednesday, March 5, at 4 p. m.: Thursday, March 6, at 7 p. m.; Friday, March 7, at 7 p. m. Beginners may come. —SWOPE.
Horticulture Society: Meeting will be held Wednesday, March 5 at 7 :30 in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. All members be present.
WAA: Tumbling practice Tuesday at 4 . m. Downstairs in the gym. —BRITTON.
Kappa Psi: Meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in room 3Q6 of Pharmacy Building. —SHAFER.
AIChE Meeting: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, in EE 129. George M. Pohler will speak on "Development of Low Temperature Distillation Equipment.” The new issue of AIChE Bulletin will also be distributed. —-MASSEY.
APhA: Meeting Thursday, Mai'ch 6, a 4 p. m. in the Pharmacy Building. —YODER.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting March 5 at 7 :30 p. m. in the AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. —RISING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular Meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 7 p. m. in room 304 of Union. —BURROUGHS.
AH Union Workers: Compulsory meeting of all Union workers Tuesday, March 4, 4 :10 p. m. in room 355 of Union. This is important. Be there. —HOPFER.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, March 4, at 7:30 p. m. Ask at Union desk for room number. —GERSTUNG.
Newman Club: No discussion group meeting Tuesday evening, March 4. Next meeting oh March 11. —BUERGLER.
You Could Write Our Advertising If You Could See OUR Values
PURDUE 5
Across from Postoffice
CAUGHT!!
AND RECORDED FOREVER IN THE DEBRIS All of those familiar scenes of your everyday life for four years, pictures and scenes you will never want to forget.
ONLY TWO MORE DAYS BEFORE THE PRICE RISE! Order yours now at the Booth in front of the Sweet Shop.
1941
Turk Army
(Continued from page 1) away from the Dardanelles toward Greece. Now that their purpose is accomplished, the Russians seem willing for the Turks to strike in behalf of Greece and Britain if they wish. It caiihot “lie excluded that the Russians may have exacted a price from the British for removing the leash from Turkey. The next few days will probably see Turkey gradually increasing its semi-belligerent status, and observers of the situation there think it will rapidly take over and surpass the degree of aid now being ^ve^ by the Rumanians to the Germans. The use of the Turkish airfields to remedy the inadequacies of Greek fields is expected soon if Turko-British relations continue on the up grade.
Debris Business Staff: Sophomores and freshmen meet Wednesday, 4 p. m. Bring sales books and money to check in. You must be there. —LANCET.'
Classified Ads
PORSALf Typewriten and adding machines/ new and used, for aalc, rent and repaired. All make* of portable tniewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone. 2779.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for aU occasions. Min. $2.50 all night Phone 2407.
Interfraternity Council: Special meeting at the Phi Gamma- Delta house Tuesday, March 4, at 6:45 p. m. Bring check or blue slip to guarantee attendance at fraternity week banquet. ' —PETTY.
WAA: Submit your bowling scores for class bowling teams at desk in bowling alleys. (3-10) —WALKER.
Forensic: Very important meeting Thursday, March 6j at 4 p. m., in room 301 of University Kail. --HULTGREN.
Lest: Delta Sigma Phi fraternity pin. Reward. Bob Boblander. Phone 71884.
Boilermakers (Continued from page 1) Olid half with a foul, this time he got a half-nelson on Don Blanken before the officials could do the “Five o’clock Whistle” one better. Don missed his shot, and this was the signal for woopee-basketball. Watch Out, Cary Hall Shot rained off the back-boards by both teams, and more often all the way over, the ushers and teams playing Andy-over for six minutes. Sprowl manager to hit another foul circle archer, followed by one of his left handed pushes from the side. Clawson, dribbled the length of the floor to score like a freight train,, and the count was 22-10, P. U. Riley’s Great Reverse Horsie Riley then turned in the
greatest individual play o£ the evening with a lightning-like “peverseturn, while being guarded by Captain l^utherus and Clawson of the visitors, that scored two points for Horsie, and left the two NU gpreats guarding the “Little Man Who Wasn’t There.” That ended the interesting action for the "evening until with two minutes to go, McCarnes, of Logansport, Indl, but who was wearing a Purple shirt last night, decided to dribble Hoffman, of Purdue, instead of the ball. Don McCarnes was escorted .from the floor by the officials amid Purdue boos of “naughty boy.”. Red Swarts and Paul Pauline, seniors, then entered the game for Purdue for one minute, during which time the Red-head sank his last collegiate shot. OhYvell! V SUMMARY PURDUE (38) B. F. P. Igney, f. : 6 0 0 Sprowl, f 6 1 2 Hoffman,! 1' 1 0 Blanken, 2 0 2 Swarts, c. 1 0 0 Conrad, g. 1 2 1 Blemker, g ...; 1 0 0 Caress, g. ...:.. 3 ' 0 0 Riley, f-g. 1 . 2 0 Pauline, g. 0 0 0 Totals .........16 6 6 NORTHWESTERN (20) B. F. P. Clason, f 4 1 8 Butheros, f. 9. 1 4 Seder, f 10 0 Baker, f. ;..., 0 0 0 Clawson, c. ...j 1.0 8 Hasse, c-f. ; 10 0 Benson', c. 9 11 Wendland, g. 9 0 0 McCames, g. 1 11 Kruger, g 0 0 0 Welsh, g 0 0 0 Totals 8 4 12
Laying down the tracks for a new and greater transportation system. The pioneering spirit of America stretches its arms to the rich and unexploited territory of the West in this episode of ‘-Land eff Liberty,” showing the laying of tracks for a new railway. The hew picture, a spectacular cavalcade of the highlights of American history, opens Thursday on the Lafayette screen. All profits realized from this film will be donated to war emergency welfare by the motion picture industry.
HOW TO WIN A
NXi^LCOME news for giri graduates .. Humming Bird now packs each padr of dainty Davencrepe stocldngs in a spe-' dal TISSUE WRAP. Usted on theWiap are HIDDEN VALUE SPECIFICATIONS—telling you the facts that influence hosieiy wear. YouH love our new Davencrepes for summer. A marvelous range of subde shades. So flne textured your legs feel almost undressed! Drop by to see them—and to Improve your education bn better-wearing hosiery.
IN HOSnilY iUYINO
79c 3 pairs $2.25
Dnhencfepes have an average of 2 extra •Utcliea per inch in the aeam for greater atrmgtli. A HIDDEN! VALUE that Improver hoiicnr wear—at no tildiar cott
K
* 'II H
r iM