F* P A
‘|«C* fj. ' i j
Wi^StED MANPOWER Reasons Listed On Editorial Page
SatablishedlSSf
'\ xftjo^tefit w Who Done It?
EDITORIAL FROWNS On Queen Of Hearts Knave
Volume 56, No. 112
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 8, 1944
Coeds To Nominate Candidates For Relay Queen lit* ^ I II * iAf*ll € I Ax /" Cdtnpus To Elect Girl Wing Commander Harries Will Speak At Convo cfiosen Few
Canners, Fieldmen To Meet Indiana canners and fieldmen will hold ther eighteenth annual conference today and tomorrow in the Union. H. J. Reed, Director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, will open the session, which begins at 1 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge, with a talk on “Getting the Job Done”. The group will hear talks continuing through the afternoon by 0. F. Hall, of the Education and Applied Psychology Depart-', ment. Dinner will be served for the conferees at the Lafayette Country Club at 6 p. m. Edward C. Stair will be chairman for the evening program, which will include an address by Dr. Louis Sears of the History Department, a music specialty number in charge of A. P. Stewart, director of Musical Organizations, and a talk by F. C. Gaylord’s representative from the University Agricultural Experiment Station. At the dinner this evening the principal speaker will be Professor F. C. Gaylord, assistant chief of the University’s Horticulture Department, who is on a three-months leave of absence to serve as consultant for a large tomato-growing and dehydrating project in Cuba. The toastmaster for the evening will be Dr. L. M. Sears. Hartman Chairman The Wednesday meetings will begin at 9:30 a. m. in the Faculty Lounge with John Hartman as chairman. During the morning talks will be given by Roscoe Fraser of the Agricultural Extension Department and Professor Scarseth of the Agronomy Department, and Prof. R. W. Samson of the Agricultural Extension Service. Awai’ds will be made to 1943 champions. At 1:15 p. m. the conference will continue with a summary of the results of the Appointment System, wtih a number of participants reporting. Talks will be given by Kenneth N. Rider, Trafalgar, Ind.; J. E. Dickerson of the Agricultural Extension Service, and Roscoe Fi'aser. A ropnd table discussion led by Herbert Eickhoif will conclude the sessiori. Prospective Students Of Mechanical School To Meet This Week Meetings for those students who ejcpect to enroll in the school of mechanical or aeronautical engineering next semester, are being held this week in order to explain the relation and requirements of the pi’esent and past curricula, and to assist the student in planning his program. V-12 students who transferred to the University before July, 1943, will meet tonight at 7 p. m. in room 108 in the Mechanical Engineeiing building. V-12s who came piiqr to July, 1943, will meet tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the same place. The meeting for civilian students will be held this afternoon at 4, also in the same room. Freshman Engineers Present freshman engineers who will become sophomore mechanical or aeionautical engineers next term are requested to attend this respective civilian oi V-12 meeting. Civilian students will complete forms required by the National Rosfor Scientific and Specialized Personnel (War Manpower Commission’. The present policy under the Selective Service Act will be clarified for the students.
W/A/<3 HlLE'f' HAf?P.lE,S,i:>.'S,.0. Reporter Sees Preview Of New Playshop Show, The Philadelphia Story'
By Peg Steffes
We dropped in on rehearsal proceedings over in Fowler Hall last night for a sneak preview glinapse of Playshop's newest production, “Tlfe Philadelphia Story”, and for two hours watched Director Carl B. Cass apply the polishing touches to the popular Philip Barry comedy which will be presented to the student body Thursday at
Student Senate
Will Continue War Survey
7 ;30 p. m. and Friday and Sat-
urday at 8 p. m.
Playshop has attended to minute technical details in staging of “The Story”; Kay Foster as Tracy Lord has even tinted her hair reddish brown to contribute more reality to the role. Complete with all of the punch lines from the orig-
Student Senate, in its quest for
inal Broadway show, this produc- mformkion, is distributing a war tion has an interesting amount of effort information survey to all men
“naughty but nice” situations. One Of Cast Withdraws Eugene Levine in part of C. K. Dexter Haven sometimes actually sounds like Cary Grant, who played the part in the movie version of the show. George Sykes stepped into the part of blundering Uncle Willie last week, since the student orig-
on the campus. According to Bob Adlerj' the questionnaire is divided into four parts and he asks that they be filled out as completely as pos-
sible.
The questionnaire has been given to the Navy and Marines and blanks have been distributed to all organized groups. Bob urges the remaining eds to obtain their blanks at the
Wesley-Hlllel Open Forum To Present Second Talk Of Current Series Tonight
absolutely no control over her children and no hold on her philandering husband. The latter is Seth Loid, played by Jim Yingst. Robin Padorr as Macaulay Connor, Mary Ann Swein as Liz and Carl Zeigler as Sandy Lord complete the major characters. John Conde, Marshall Graham, Elaine Kail, Jane Grimmer and Jim Crothers have minor roles as the staff of the Lord household. Production Crew Crew for the pioduction include Mary Lou Sternberg, stage man-
Veteran Pilot Commands / Prize Fighter Squadron Sector Wing Commander Raymond H. Harries, of the Royal Air Force, will speak at a special convocation Friday at 4 p. m., it has been announced by President E. C. Elliott. He will appear in the Hall of Music before the entire student body, faculty, and townspeoples. Harries, who left his medical studies to enlist in tlfb ranks in 1939, in four years has worked
ASME Will Sponsor Contest Next Month For All Members
Announcement was made yesterday by the student branch of the American Society of Mechanical En-
gineers of a public speaking contest Command for that month
Queen of the annual Purdue Relays, which will be held March 25, will be selected this year from 34 candidates nominated by the various sororities, independent gi’oups and cooperative groups, members of the Relay Queen Committee
have announced.
Three girls will be selected from each sorority, five from = SCA groups and five from in-
dependent groups. Nominees must be named by Thursday, Feb. 17, according to the committee which is composed of Carolyn Richardson, representing Gold Peppers; Willas Vermilion, Gimlet, and Sebastian Ce.-
reto. Reamer. Duties Of Queen
Duties of the queen will include
which will appear in the Hall of helping in the Fieldhonse ami meetMusic on Saturday promises to have jng incoming tiack teams fiom othan all-star cast. Buddy Franklin gr schools, and she will receive a and his fourteen piece orchestra, small gold ti’ack shoe mounted with featuring the “Sweethearts of ^ diamond. Since nation -wide pub-
Seventh Varieties To Star Robinson In Show Saturday
starring Bill “Bojangles” Robinson the seventh Victory Varieties
his way up to his present position, equivalent to that of lieutenant colonel, although he is only 27 years old. Holder of the D.S.O., D.F.C. and two bars, he has piled up a total of 300 flights against the enemy in the last two years. The R. A. F. Wing which Harries now commands shot down
23 aircraft in September to become o • » i, u u i j j. i .op.s.ori„g sector of the Fighter * h 1°J Z !'“*>'
open to all army, navy or civilian students who are members of the organization. The purpose of the contest, which is being sponsored
Flying from front line airfields in southern England, his squadron frequently escorted American as well as British bombers on their raids
by the national ASME, is to encour- • ^ ■ .i. ^ ^ , , ’ . , . against enemy targets in northern
age students to speak effectively in
for both the matinee and evening jjgj, court this year, the committee performances which will begin at members request that when nomi3:30 and 8 p. m. ^ nees are named, consideration be Robinson has returned to the- given to the coed whom the groups atre appearances after starring in consider the most beautiful, has the the movie “Stormy Weather”. He best personality, is the most photowill come from the Oriental The- genic and has the best figure.
Spitfire for 10 months, and for the fChicago and will return to Nominees will appear before a same period of time led the county ^ Picture for judging committee Monday. Feb. 21. of Kent squadron because he lived ^ ^ in formal attire in the Union before in Bromley, Kent, for nine years. , . ^ sixty-three years of probable judging committee comrommands Nig-pria Sniiadrnn Robinson has spent in the posed of Gimlet and Reamer repreCommands Nigeria Squadron theatre. His record in selling wax alnno-wun nhntno-ranhprci Harries left the Kent aqiiadron exceeds 30 million dellarlS “(.““J" * Pwtogiap .ers te command the Nigeria Souadron. j, ,^0 only individnal in the a,
public. Preliminary tryouts will be
held next month.
Speeches *may be on technical or non-technical subject. Limitations which have been placed on them are that they will not exceed fifteen minutes in length and that they will
Judging will be based upon delivery g^idfptid ShVplL?s°^^^^^^^ theatre industry to be honored with nominees in
and effectiveness of the speech, pro- planes, ims unit citation from the Secretary of the nunciation, subject matter and its channel shipping Treasury, Hem-y Morgenthau. Jr.
arrangement; originality, and the for catching 1 ,1 v J « ., u • X sneak raiders as they came to the speaker s knowledge of the subject. ,, / , « .
southeast coast of Britain.
Country Divided Into Sections Admission to the convocation will Since the contest is nation-wide by passports and social recreathe country has been divided into cards 18 sections. Schools which are in-
campus election for a queen and three members of her court. All
Appearing ^ the program with nominees must be upperclassmen as
no freshmen are allowed in the con-
test.
eluded in this section besides the University are University of Illinois, Illinois Institute of Technology, University of Iowa, Iowa State College, University of Louisville, Marquette University, Northwestern University, University of Notre Dame, Rose Polytechnic Institute, and the University of Wisconsin. The winner of the University contest will attend the sectional contest which will be held at the Illi-
Dr. Elliott To Address Faculty, Staff At AAUP Meeting Next Tuesday
Robinson and Franklin will be several acts which will include the Selendias, dancers, the Malone Sisters, the Carltons, acrojjatic act, and Frances Wills, acrobatic control
dancer.
Price for the tickets has been raised to sixty cents for both performances. Tickets may be bought in advance at Deckers’, Loeb’s, and Glatz’s stores on the east side and at Southworth’s, Deac’s stores, the cashier’s office. Musical Organizations’ office, WBAA station, and the west desk of the Union.
inally cast was forced to withdraw. ^he Union and fill them The play is sophisticated in tone, out as soon as possible,
and Sarah Andrew as Dinah Loi’d, the younger daughter, is completely in her element. David Siler is doing a believable job as George Kittredge, the self made guy with the “very high morals, veiy broad
shoulders”.
Wife Controls Children
Betty Wedge plays the part of ^his evening at 8 in the Great Margaret Lord, the wife who has ^he Wesley Foundation, the
nois Institute of Technology in Chi- ciation of University Professors to cago. The delegate’s transportation be held in the Home Economics will be paid by ASME. Building, at 6:15, Tuesday evening. Prizes will be awarded to winners February 15. The meeting is open to of the this section’s contest. First all members of the faculty and staff place winner will receive fifty dol- and has been planned as an open lars, second place twenty-five, and session of the local chapter of the
third place ten dollars. In addition A.A.U.P.
to this a five dollar bill will be Dr. Elliott will discuss various awarded by the Old Guard who are items of interest to faculty memlife members of ASME.. bers. Reservations for the dinner Students interested in the con- jnust be made by Saturday,
test should call Prof. R. W. Leut-
wiler of the mechanical engineer- —
mg department.
Pres. Edward C. Elliott will speak at the regular meeting of the Uni-
versity chapter of American Asso- ApnOUnCGS EleCtiOfl
Acacia social fraternity announces the election of the following new officers: Paul Homsher, venerable dean; Wayne K. Price, senior dean; Albert J. Graumlich, secretary; Joe Judge,*" treasurer; Ray Nuding, junior dean; Ralph Grey, house manager; Don Baughman, sentinel; Robert Fischer, Triad correspondent.
second m the series ot Wesley-Hillel
Open Foiums will be held.
Otthis time, the psychologist and philosopher. Dr. Harry Allen Over-sti-eet, will speak on “Adjusting Our Lives to the Peace to Come”. Dr. Overstreet is at present on a lecture series which will take him into the key cities and colleges of America with his message. He is the author of several books among which are “Influencing Human Behaviour”, “Let Me Think”, ‘Undeistanding Ourselves”, “Town Hall
Comes to Our Town”.
The Forum meeting will begin
thieves Invade Union To Steal Queen Of Hearts Contest Photos
j By Ben Black
Sometime during the wee small hours of Saturday morning
a small band of thieves, armed to the teeth, stormed into the ment in 1925 and again in 1930. He Union. Meeting no opposition they found it a rather simple job was a member of the National Re(no brains, no brawn, no nothin’^ to break the iron bands which search Council and was a contnbuencased the Queen of Hearts beauties in their glass prison, and scientific joiumals.
,, ot- jyji-g Elizabeth Mid-
extricate the luscious photos. dleton, died about 15 years ago. SurAt present the Student Un- these portraits and if the felonous viving are a son, Franklin, of New ion is on its knees, pleading fi®®ds are shy, the pictures may be York City, and a daughter, Janec
agei; and crewheads Carroll Mar- promptly at 8 p. m. and following tindell and Charles Dahlquist, the address the audience will be givlights; Bob Quinn, paints; Connie en opportunity to question the McCoid, properties; Maige Thoms, speaker. Admission is by season costumes; Jane Moreland, make-up, ticket or single admissions at 55 and Hans Woimsei, master car-, cents may bo obtained at the door,
penter.
Playshop has arranged to present a special performance of the play for all service men on the campus and their dates Sunday afternoon at 2:30 in Fowler Hall. Admission will be charged for dates. Tickets On Sale Tic|{ets at 76 cents aie now on sale at the box office and mail ordeis are being accepted daily. The office is open from 1 to 5 p. m. Monday through Fiiday.
WRH Holds Dance, ^upper Women’s Residence Halls will hold a Valentine tea dance and buffet supper, Saturday, February 12, fiom 3:30 to 7:30 p. m. Dancing will be held in the three recreation looms with supper served in the in-
(lividuhl dining rooms.
Gold Pepper Pledges
Peg Steffes
Mary Jo Funkhouser Mitzi Konicek Marion Lafuze Mary Ann Diesslin Annie R. Stinson ' Carolyn Wilbur Madelyn Grotnes
Mary Dilts Ruth Ford
Katherine Howes Evelyn Blemker Ruth Rentsch Martha McCulloch Betty Murphy Betty Lu Krudup Betty Cantley
Judy Jones
Marilyn Baumer Mary Jane Doll
Russian Chemist To Discuss Rubber Dr. Kolachov, Russian chemist,
and Fred Willkie, will present a dis- downright unpatriotic. Duplicates cussion on the making on synethetic of the pictures are unobtainable and rubber from farm products at 8:00 the contest will be a flop unless A. p. m., Thursday, February 24, in B. and Co. fork over the tintypes. Eliza Fowler Hall. Both speakers This dastardly act is receiving no are connected with the Seagram bravo and war bond sales are slipCompany of Louisville. The meeting ping. There is much to be gained is sponsored by the Lafayette by the return of these photos and Chamber of Commerce and everyone nothing to lose. The Union will ask is invited to attend. no questions upon the return of
Retired Clieniist Dies After Many Years Of Service Dr. Arthur Renwick Middleton, 75, member of the University chemistry faculty for 33 years and twice acting head of that department, was found dead at 8:30 Saturday morning at his home, 706 Russell sti'eet. West Lafayette, where he lived
alone.
He had not been seen since Thursday evening and is supposed to have died that night of a heart attack. Neighbors called Friday evening and again Saturday morning, getting no response. Saturday they called the police who forced an entrance, finding Dr. Middleton lying
dead in the bath room.
Dr. Middleton gained national recognition as a chemist. Born in 1869, at Webster, N. Y., he won an A. B| degree from Rochester university in 1891, and a Ph.D. fi'om Cornell in 1903. He came to Purdue in 1906, and remained as professor of inorganic chemistry until Jime 30, 1939, when he retired and was made professor emeritus. He acted head of the chemistry depart-
with Ali Baba and Co. to return said treasure immediately so that the “Queen of Hearts” contest
can be carried on full blast. Pictures Jn Front Of Sweet Shop The pictures, which were dis-
played in front of the Sweet Shop, were not only raking in the votes but also the war bonds and stamps. The purchase of a ten-cent war stamp entitled the buyer to two votes foi his choice. This phase of the situation makes the robbery
mailed to the Union. In case the vilhans get kind-hearted and decide to return the pictures personally, they will be warmly accepted at the east desk with no questions asked.
Votes Up To Date
Up to the time of the violence
the contest was a huge success. The
tally of votes:
Cantley
12,321
Crane
4,992
Bowlbey
1,915
Hanlin
1,667
Holt
. 1,364
Knowles
1,213
Dant
964
Oyler
980
Hanson
879
Murphy
. 856
Miner
121
Iron Key Dick Delong
M., of Long Beach, Cal.; also a sister, Mrs. Clarence McKay, of Rochester, N. Y. The body is at the Brad-
shaw funeral home.
IRC To Discuss Peace Plans Tonight At 7:30 “One Woild” as revieiyed by
/ Laurie Wear wdl be the basis for a
discussion at the meeting of the International Relations Club tonight at 7‘30 p. m. in the lounge of the
Univei'sity Chuieh.
This discussion will be the second in a series of Peace Plans, and future programs will feature outside speakeis. The purpose of the series is to have people better informed, on the topic and students® and faculty are invited to attend. \
T''f$ . ,1' oWJ* V '-"'"'If jt- r
liiMI. Lfc'w. ifc j/
if
s 1^ 5 <^1 i
Page 2
Purilue Exponent
Tuesday, February 8, 1944
rdue Exponent ^ cpitibined with v it Purdite Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spoits, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Editor Bi 'siness Mannprer Tso'i Ldilor Mm n inR V d tor S; 0 1 LJ tor
Ellis Marph> Mary DiUn William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Ku'^iscll M Lipcs Ir
Publication Staff I* ditf rial Staff
U 1
te ^ r s F H T Inm n r { A r I W
\bbi.tt JRulh M Ford Madelyn A
u l \ b 1 i, f n I Mn tl a Lee R uu \l1 rmn Pn 1 Garb
ri
Leo Fr pdma
tt np. Bob Baker
ri!sit^cs«^ Staff
1? A « j ( 1
\ I
1 N If
I M
nt A I
Li,cr B ttv Maney Sauerman
S iff roi This Issue
r
{ } h
Cl Cl der I
Editor Richardsor Cits Editor Yargai P Carl er t7 Go! 1 W ernci Stieotei 7'\ Son e 53 Ehrman W C T II er Lyle Crist
i ^
)n tt r at the rost office in Lafay } f Co kt s of March 3 18 fi ta^e p ov (led for in sectior 1 utl r 7 1 Jinu ry 20 1922 i B Saturday morninjrB dur V t n I odss Delivered daily ir t r by n aiJ for $1 60 for a rn b obta ned at the Exponent t L) <^1 of h Union dv rt b nir by National Advertis t 1 bl shers Pepiesentativeu 420 ^ !iork N Y
!
Trt> R 9 U S P4I O I
iW-fiO-ROUND By DRiW PEARSON Faf-hsr's Bsiogs Complaints 0? V/asted Manpower; Jacobs V/orks (oa WFAV/ifb Private Rank 1 \SHT^v.iTO\—Tht fntheis dnft has. bioughl 0 1 icv <^eiicb cl comil intb c-boui listed mnn J)o^ Cl in the iin cd seivmcb stationed in the USA Pci G ne a coll to action a lecling of idleness and as e Lc on cs a demoialu n„ factoi The men on the ho m f c II "cic ili\ iftci most fiom the age old sr di ICO just I a ting loind T c m e 01 tl 1 that happens in the waiting pe 1 ot IS 1 1=1 tcc n a coi hde itnl smve^ made at hn^a^alc]ll il le tio 1 at I al eh ubt N J w'ich b ouch 10 il tic folio vm i ict 1 n e Uai i=cs 100 to llo men to h mdle i blimp ihc 1 lai 1 I hcici Coodycn h'^ndles the s ime 1 li I'l ML I 1 cn i: ns 2 s 1 1 sho’ c st itions duty usually con = acf^l ousoillei-1 houi stmdby ( vhich mccii cat g 101 1 t ee u anything happens) tl cn "4 1 o lib hPeiLi 0 ifn tb b is icpeated Main men co upl 11 tl u the 21 h u s ot lo ifii g at stand by cou c’ be i e< o =o c con^ti ictne type of woik 3 Mo e than 1 000 cnilims ue employed to ic CO (ition =n b at hml i itcs of i y while enlisted le ho coidd do Ih lob ii cl need the tiaining lie
1 ina id e
J inn u le lencc gi aided )y aimed sailois = 10 ind= Lai ehnist Then iiifaicethc ence a Mai me b -"c oit ide ot eaci hang i Then inside the " i\o ciMhans also ‘-tand guaid 5 Ire L"-! chui st comm ai which handles ibout 100 custoi icis pci day is staffed to handle about 1 000 1 h^s ten c'eik': two commissioned officeis and one o ji 1 cn bin gio'^eiyman plus an assistant ) I c =]ly h rdlc the i hole business J 1 by L-’] ehiu^t i asted manjmwci by the \ i\ 0 hei hole stations ind it inns into
Ml
0
U I e t’"c 1 h cs aie not to blame Most It sc ] 1 1 y I ant to see action
;sr Ort tAen
c SI ifi c^iu inuicaiion of hou glutted the N ivy ih iipovc 1 in the boo tiaimng t imps de = s- c 0 lansioim i civilnn into a sailoi This is^d to last thiee uceks blow it has been 1 1 n loui 1101 tn 01 moic And iftci finishing this hoot i me hou a’‘ds ot men lie aiound foi months m OGU s (oitgoiig Units) niaitmg is mnment to i
=cl ool or ot lei icln it
Ir 'cult e u d! 0 11 in\ ci h ltd men h ivc tome to tic CO 1C i 10 1 tha \a\\ scl ools at lieing m im ta ell 1 ' 1 1 I'lc ] i 1 0 c ot 1 ecp n ihc u occu J eji Tl u Id 0 n Cl line ittci ded 1 il1 i dozen aifcicit, choo' cn uinclaied subject 0 CO 1 c mo 11 p 1 aitpein uci t boc ndoggl ig 1C ult \ai dl „ tlic ficct on the inci Oldci men ac i tme I tj Jiucl loi Ictoic they ci tticd I c s \\ cl lc tUc cl Mt\ Some 01 them ton ] 1 I ih t 1 y h I icii 1 c illoiisc on then h aids "le 1 I 01 P]h jcal ha] c ih 11 bcfoi c thev enlisted
in tie \a\\
n c c'fcet 1 n y \cuifci men is ji t the oppo ltd Soi 1C ol he \ uiigc) men utie in TCC t imps o on A. h ' If 1 t( g the ]\ i\y i 1 they icgaid the ca= lit i 1 ic t i oi as heiicn sent oppo 1u — dl aj Lit sidMiH on i ucl in easy job
t c ^ tl 11 f I ei
it 0 1 c Ol il / g fl tl tl c 1 tc ol mate II 1 I c 11 11)1 ^ 1 ! flui t 1 1 11 stance <x 1 J !r 1 1 i\ th 1 tl i] ply ol coflcc ( ' c c d f 111 1 i on SI 1 uai i c
tl ( b Col l1 c I limp may i ' ! c il in expected When it L tl it Joe 1 c in 1 c ictuine 1 It tl 1 1 I liel ot cans ot Clean tic id\c t Ic thioun away oi
1 1
uj ] 1
t
1 1 I
I t
J tl 1
t c et c t hat) t h e 11c
i < ci
1 e 1 10 t) 1 c 1 C 1 \ 1 \ P n tl t re ii \ I it J 1 chu st leuititil je dJ 1 „ 1 nine 1 lie lac ilicatly had thiec acki ng n ' i i d ti is cue vc nt needed uhieh eau d r c II ec ' iti ail Jl nk oi the civil ans whowcidt tl 1 eye tcc 111 tc g( t i m id me 111 c tl I Jl IX C C \ f C 1 t Ifl 1! it SllHC tl Cl it 1 is })( CI) used aboL t Ici nine ])( i 11
Draft Quota Slump
Mofct si^. nitieant J ict iboiit tlcnuipiwci situation jfe Ihil alJ last summc! the Aimy and Ka\y wcic get tmg less thin the quot i ol men they iccjiustcd Jioii
War Council Acts . . . Thuisday night the Student War Council will have a meeting This meeting will represent the oppoi fcumty that some students have been clamoiing foi, and that is a chance to have some of then own ideas put before the Umveisity admimstiation This opportunity is available to all Each housing unit on campus which provides living quaiteis foi moie than fifty students has been contacted, and asked to send a representative to the council meetings Several campus organizations have been asked to send one or more of their members to the council meetings also Because of the various places fiom which council membei s are diawn it is hardly possible ror any student on the campus to go thiough two days of classes without coming m contact with one of the new Wai Council mem-
bers
All any student needs do who feels that some of his or her ideas aie worth consideration by the University administration is to present them to a War Council member He in turn will present to the Council the ideas he considers worth while The council committee on Stu-dent-Administration will then present the ideas which it considers to be woithwhile to the faculty and the Administration officei s in pel son Childish Vandalism . . . Vandalism is a lather childish thing in these United States, oi, at least, it is supposed to be College students aie expected to conduct themselves as college students, contiaiy to the local opinion it seems Really theie is no big complaint, the hosts of little things people take foi gianted because they do not know anyone who does such things Dl awing duty pictmes on public buildings, m side and out, stealing salt and pepper shakers, and silverware, and an occasional overstuffed chan fiom the Union, for the most pait aie chalked up as unavoidable Nothing that leally means anything to any body IS hurt — taxes of course go up about 0 000000007854 of l''f and the wai effort is slowed down by a similai figuie Hov evei, when something that does mean something to someone is stolen oi destroyed it nutates us, and foices us to stick in oui twobits woith here The giapevine of couise has probably told the campus population that some eneigetie soul bioke in to the bulletin board case in fiont o4 the Sweet Shop and pilfered the photogiaphs of the many candidates for Queen of Heaits A vei y low tl ick—we think Oui fii st impulse was to put it off as a publicity gag but when that was disproved we decided to give vent to oin feelings Photographs aie expensive Those stolen cost from four to ten dollars each and there weie about fourteen of them stolen—almost enough to make it grand larheny To the girls yvho own them those photographs meant a great deal sentimentally over and above the cash value All we can say is that he is no fiiend of ours the dnft bonds but did not complain Few people outside the Government loilized it but even at the time the fathcis draft xvas undei vigoious discussion on Capitol Hill the Aimy and Navy weie not com ul iminc: about the fiiluio of diaft bonds to fill the quotas Duiin^ the fust months of 194o diaft 1 o nds ovei filled then qOutas But in Apiil they began to slump olT In that month the Aimy Navy asked foi 334 000 men but ictu illy got only 299 000 This would not have been significant if it had occuiied in one month only But in May the seiviees asl ed Selective Seiv ice foi o03 000 men got only 264 000 Howevei thcie was no complaint fiom oithei the Aimj oi Nivy Again in June the seivices asked foi 320 000 men but got only 288 000 In Julj they asl ed foi 155 000 but „ot 289 000 only slightly moic thin the Tune fig me despite the fact thit the quoti lequested b> the Aimv ind N ivj had been ineicised In August the Aimv Navj loquest diopped to 299 00^ ai cl the di lit bo lids supplied onlj 221 000 men i se iiit 75 pei cent 01 the numbei isked toi In Septembei the Aimy N ivj qiiot i w islllJ 000 men but they ^,01 only 214 000 01 70 ]iei cent ol whet they asked foi Ilowevci it no time did the aimed seiviees mile any piotest They seemed content to coast along with whit the clialt boaids weie giving them This was all cluiing thepeiiod when the Jathei diaft V IS undei seiious discussion and when the Adminis tiation was taking a vigoious stand thit f itheis had to be dl afted Whit the answci is no one quite knows High up Aimy Navv otficeis piobably know but wont talk Howevei the fiuman committee may isk some potent )iestior s Army Draft's Jacobs Lmoiy J leobs of the Wai loot! Admimstiation tv as dialled into the Aimy but now Texas Cattleman Giovei Hill light hand min to Wu Food Adminis tl itoi Man in Jones has had J leobs detailed to his oflice Thus ilthough a piivite in the Aimy Jacobs is still woil mg in WFA New Demociatic Nation al Chan mill Bob Hannegan is boosting Dan Neo Intel nil Ii( venue Collcctoi it Kansas City to be his uceessoi as Commis&ionei of Internal Rev enue Thus tile eommissioneislii]) wou|/i meiely be lited liom end ol Ml HI 1 Si Louis home town of H nine „ in to the othei end ot Missouii Kans is City home town oi Nee Bob Sheiwood ind Elmei Davis the tw( wail 11 g he ids ol OWI weu almost on the veige <1 icconciliilion when news oi then fight bioke into thepapcis 1 hen the battle flaied all ovei igain (C ojiyiight 1 Ml 1 y United I e lUue Syndicate Inc )
GRINANIX teAR IT
NSW Type History Changes
“That’s her rev ard foi being sensible While all you silly girls veie bus fainting o\ei radio ciooneis, she kept her wits about hei ”
Sportswomsn F68!ur6 Personnel Notes
Penny Carnivei In
Women's 6ymnasiym Penny Cainivil with featiue at tl actions planned by the Spoits women will open Pebruaiy 19 at 7 30 in the Womgn s Gym an nounced Lois Vti Hoeveii piosi
dent
Each soioiity lesidence hall ind co op house w 11 sponsoi a booth foi the evening and a piize will be given to the best one Piofessoi Doi othy Bovee of Expeiimental Science Depaitment and Acting Dean of Women Claie Coohdge will be the judges Tilton Club will pel foi m cluiing the evening and thcic will be turn bling and tap dancing exhibitions ilso L itei in the evening the gym will be opened to dancing to the latest lecoidings until 11 00 p m Women s Club To Meet Today Umveisity Womei s Club will hold i litei ituie meeting today at 2 30 J) 111 in 100)11 361 of the Union Mis H Albiight IS ch iiiman oi the piogiam committee which will pre sent scenes fiom seveial contempo laiy English intl Amciicin plays lead by Mis I Wallcistein Mis M S Webstei Mis H J Yeirnn and Mis A H Smith Independent Girls Will Meet Tonight AWS IS holding i meeting tonight it 7 30 foi ill mdependent and CO op gills 11 loom 355 ot the Un ion Iho meeting will cive to got the gills bettci acquiinted with c ich othei ind ilso be in educ ition meeting Mis I itch will spell on cuiienl (vents ind Ros ilind Goff piesident of the giOLip will explain the oigiii 1/ition ot the House Piosiden Council
TODAY and TOMORROW WALTER WANGER frteidtti, THE SCREEN S GREATEST GLORY STORY!
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
National Beanng Metals Corp St Louis Mo —Date ot visit to be innounccd Intel ested in ME Also ASTP uid NCTP Sign in the Pei =onnel Office by Satuiaay Pebiu
aiy 11
Chante \ought iirciaft Sticvt foul Conn —Date of visit Peb 15 Intel ested in ME AeE and CE Sign 11 the Peisonnel Office by Monday
Peb 14
RC i Victoi Division Camden N J—Dite of visit Peb 17 Inteiest ed ME EE Physics ChE Business Admin and Accounting If mtei esLcd pie ISC sign in the Peisonnel Office by Tucsd ly Feb 8 Pan American Refining Coip lexis Gitv lexis—Date of visit Piidiy Fcbiuaiy 11 Inteiested in ChE ind chemists (BS MS and Ph D) Sign in the Peisonnel Office by riniisday Peb 10 Lycoming Division—Ihe Avia tion Coip Willi imspoit Pa—Date of visit Feb 15 Inteiested in M L and AcE Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Monday I eb 11 These companies aic not sched uled to visit the campus however, they aio interested in students for employment Seeger ^efrigeratoi Go St Paul Minn—Inteiested in ME with a majoi in lefiigei ition (someone who IS diaft exempt) If inteiest cd please sign in the Peisonnel Of fice by Wedne^d ly Peb 9 Stand lid Oil Comp iny Cleve 1 uid Ohio—Inteiested in Ch F with scholastic stiiuling If inteiested please sign in the Peisonnel Office by Mond ly I ebi uaiy 14 Misouii V illey Bridge and Iron ( ompanj rvinsville Indiini—In lei ested in Mechanic il and Llectii cal Enginccis If inteiested pleist sign in the Peisonnel Office by Mon day, 1 ebiu uy 14
By Margaret Wendall Major changes in food piocessing develop fiom Wai to wai says a special edition of “Refiigeiatihn and Air Conditioning’ Canning emeiged from the Napoleonic Wais, the Civil Wai bionght condensed milk big advances in evapoiated milk were made in the fiist Woild War and now in Woild Wai II a whole new eia in food history is be ing made thiough lefiigeiation H G Venemann of the Meehan ical Engmeeiing School and Chau man of the Education Committee of NAPRE (National Association of Practicing Refiigeiating Engi neeis) is authoiing a senes of 12 ai tides foi the monthly “Refngeia tion” magazine, the Febiuaiy issue to contain his fourth article “Re ceiveis Sepalators, Purgeis’ Refrigeration In War The articles aie part of an educa tional piogiam to aid service men in taking care of refrigeration le quiiements of the Army and Navy as well as civilian demand for mam taming and operating lefrigeiatmg equipment So powerful, versatile a tool has refrigeration become in war production and food industiies men from the University are in all parts of the country designing the necessaiy motors ank equipment Venemann introduced his articles several months ago as ‘Instruction foi the Opeiation and Maintenance of Refngei iting Plants and since then has included with each install ment answeis to letteis in the ‘ Question Box ’ New Horizons In Woild W u II tlie science of lefiigeiation found new hoiizons in the mdustiial mobilization that is modern warfare Industrial and mil itaiy expel ts can supply the details on the many dramatic and behind the scenes jobs performed by re Ctieinlstry 105 Labs Camelled For V-12ers Piolessoi M G Mellon of the chemistry depaitment has lecently announced that theie will be no moie assignments in laboratoiy vvoik foi V 12 students in Chemis tiy 105 Beginning Quantitative Analysis, Reason for the move is the fact that his assistant A M Mitchell has been di ifted Without idequate help Mellon felt tint it wis impossible to con tinue the com sc piopeily with so many students enioiled Aftei i discussion of the situation with Pi of F C Hoekema Assistant to the Piesident it wis deemed thit iincc the end of the teim was so no 11 at hand the seivice men would be excused fiom attending the lib peiiods but that they must attend the lectuies Civilian students aie still expected to attend both lab and lectiue poitions of the couise TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
fiigeiation The Service of Supply depends on lefiigeiatiori to feed oui tl oops m many theateis of wai Ahd to wai plants lefiigetation is apfe requisite foi high precision riiSHh factuie and for the output of miihi tions on a vast scale On the fighting fionts m all palts of the woild portable lefilg^l^tihS units move with the men to gUhrd then food water and equipment Refiigeiation is*vital foi one of the gieatest medical develop) niefits, blood plasma and serum, it is Jieces saiy for bombsight stoiage gpd re pail, celestial navigation, clothing stoiage parachute drying and stoi age control toweis engine test buildings link tiainer buildings, photographic development roohis an 1 mobile units Temperatuie Oontrol ^ To maintain the piecision of in stiuments the suiioundmg temperatine must be contioiled, it must be controlled in hospitals radio repan buildnigs plotting rooms, fire control buildings in weather forecast ing stations on food carrying shjps, in ships stoies in submaiines, war ships and ‘ready looms” on an ciaft earners In 1857 fresh beef was sent ih an ice cooled box cai from Pittsbuigh to the Atlantic seaboard and to ev eiybody s astonishment it ailived in good Older This marked the begin ning of the use of refrigerated trans poitation of food fiom pioducing aieas to consuming centers Today the tianspoitation of food for civilians and fighting men de pends on a vast netwoik of refiig eiation lefiigeiated trucks baiges vviiehouses lailioad cars telminals markets and ships Re frigeiation plajs a major part m dehydiating and fieezing foods New Uses In pioduction given the gigantic job ol foiging precision weapons on mass scale lefiigeration is used in m iking combat and communications equipment chemicals electrical and optical instiuments tools petio leum powdei explosives lubhei textiles metals synthetics and in leseaich and development Subjects of Venemann s articles include compiessors condensers evapoiatozs automatic controls valves piping ind fittings ice pFant specialties afety devices inofOis internal combustion engines cOol ing spiay ponds and pumps, fhns The special Decem.bei issue included five of the scries
ARC
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC headquarters Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
ita/vUn^ I^ANDOLPH SCOTT -uniil NOAH BEERY, Jr ALAN CURTIS Peter Coe David Brute Sum Levene J Carrol Naish Richard Lane Milburn Stone w GRACE McDonald
CLAIRE Starr ng ALBERT iTR£yOII.^JEKK£R Barry Sullivan • Henry Hull Porter Hail • Percey Kilbride Clem Bevans ^
NEW BALLROOM CLASSES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed , Feb 9th, 7 *30 P M. ADVANCED Thurs , Feb 10th, 7 *30? M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN Wed Feb 16th 6 15 P M ADVANCED Thurs Feb 17th 6 15PM
ALLEN'S — 6l‘h and Ferry Sts.
ft
vX
p^$
|l^ MIeiritite II lif«^end H^t
li^(lty^% Ihd «»v^r ^hiiia ^r««lk, S4-37
By Johnny'Gratza
A seven-game winning stl eak was snapii'ea last Saturday night when Ohio State, coming hack from a 6949 defeat the preVibus night, triumphed over the Boilermakers, 6447, on the Buckeyes’ home floor. Four thtrtisand one hundred and two fans saw the Riveters knocked out of first j^lace as the Bheks won their
A -win in the last event of the sixth Big Ten victory m«et,«the 400 yaid free-style relay, 4'he Buckeyes, much more alert ehahled the Northwestern tankhien than they were the previous night, to break the 36 to 36 tie and edge jumped to a 4-0 lead within the first ^head of the Boilermakers to win, 44 couple of minutes and never relinto 40, m the dual swimming meet quished the lead throughout the rest h^Jd here last Saturday. of the game The half score was 25Although the Boilermakers took 22, very similai to the previous four of the seven mdividual events, night’s game However, the Boilertfte Wildcats chalked up points in makeis failed to come through with both relays to win their second meet the second half rally that spotover the home team The swimmeis lighted the previous encountei djd much better than in the fiist Haag In There meet with Northwestern which they ChaHie Haag tallied the Riveter’s dropped by a score of 56*28 Accord- first bucket after Ohio State had ing to Coach Dick Papenguth, the galloped ton 9 to 3 lead Big Aimold tankmen swam very well, undoubt- Risen, the Buckeye centei, tipped in edty the best they have done all sea- several to help Ohio State to a 14-7 son lead and then Dennis Horn and Don Jnengst Surprise Star Houston traded fieldeis Risen sandI Uohnny Juengst, star of last sea- wiched in another while Horn came son, performed after not having any through with three quick ones Marappreciable practice off the board shall Taylor then connected to put because of his hCart in almost a the Boilermakers within three points year. In the absence of Claude Bow- of the Buckeyes at 20 to 17 eV, who could not attend because of Horn Hot a touch of the flu, Johnny consented Horn was hot, and even the guardto perform with the team, and still mg of stalwart Bob Bowen could not ■had enough of his previous great keep him from hitting again, this skill to cop the diving competition time from the foul circle, to bring BPe defeated Glindeison" of North- the Boilermakers within a two-point western, who was the Illinois state margin of the Buckeyes Risen and ijrigh school diving champion last Taylor traded shots and then Dugyear ger added a free throw on Charlie In the backstroke competition Haag’s foul Caudill’s foul gave H|ug]r Woolverton pressed all the ■■ ■ ' — — j" ryay, Anally finishing within 1 2 sec- style, which was won by Gamble of onds of winning time The medley, Northwestern m 24 0 Juengst, the although lost, was done m fairly Boilermaker’s only diver entered, gjbod style by the Boilermakers then took this event by a slim marI^rter and Hansel excelled in the gm 1 46 4 was the time m the 150 4^0 yard free-style, finishing first yard backstroke Tribble, of Northand second respectively In the 400 western, won this event and was folykid relay, the last event of the lowed in by Woolverton of the Boil meet. Porter again came through, ermakeis Salmon took first in the and, although tired by his previous 100 yaid free style m 54 8 Second iSice, swam with Leach, Gumming, in the 200 yard breast stroke was and Salmon in a final effort to win taken by McMullen This event was Summary won by Walsh of Northyestein with Northwestern took the 300 yard a time of 2 36 8 Poiter, with a time medley in the time of 3 15 3 Porter, of B 14 2, and Hansel cleaned up for followed by Neff of Northwestern the Boilermakers in the 440 yard and Hansel of Purdue, won the 220 free style, placing first and second yard free-style in 2 20 5 Salmon The final event was the 400 yard rekgored a second m the 50 yard free lay, won by Northwestern
Eichoes
By BUss Lipeb
Net Squad Does Good Job
FtbmSthe f^Cports that trickle back from Columbus, we’re sorry that "we drdn’t go over to see the cage "battles” There’s a lot to be said about the week-end’s games, but we will let those thdt saw them do the talking and confine our own exclamations to saying that we think that the Boilermaker squad did a swell job in breaking even With the Buckeyes They went into the series as definite Underdogs, what with the terrific height ’that the Bucks had to display, but they completely mastered the giants “Friday night and would have done the same thitlg Saturday night if the first string team hadn’t been forced to spend mo^t of the evening on the bench as the result of the impending fourth foul. To top everything else c| off, the Boilermakers had to play the series without the services of Bill
Lodge and Jack Kennedy. 'Riveters Can Still Cop Crown
Although the Riveters are tied for second place in the Big Ten stand
Itnackmen Gain £&$y Victory In Weekend Season Opetmt
Ohio Hands WresVers Iowa kemalns ^ond Siraighf Unbeaten; Tops Ih Cfose 16-14 Score Big Ten Teams
Coach Herman Phiflfps' mdkers indoor track squad opened its season at the Fieldliotlse Saturday afternoon with an easy victory over Northwestern and Chicagfoin a triangular track and field meet. The meet turned out to be a tWWteam affair as the hapless CMeago team garnered only oWe point dur-
ing the afternoon’s proceedings
In suffering iheir second straight With the Boilermaker losing to while the Boilermakers tolled Up setback df the campaign the Riv- the Ohio State squad last Saturday, 76% points against Northwestern’s
mgs, we still believe that they have the stuff to Win the ctoWn Howevei, wrestling squad last Saturday the Big Ten Conference race pic- total of 50 markers to capture 60% this merely involves winning the lest of the conference games on their downed by a close 16 to 14 sCoie ture has changed radically, with the markers to capture team honors schedule, namely by defeating Iowa, the current leaders, Wisconsin, minute effort on the pait little known Iowa Squad holding on Five hundred fans Were in the Northwestern, and Indiana Some assignment' Iowa and Wisconsin Will ^ powerful Ohio State wiestling to first place by virtue of its 7-0 bleachers as the Boilermaker track be tbe tough ones, particularly since they are met on then own floor The t^am The Reeckmen held a 14 to lecoid The Riveters and the North- men took spven first places in elevWildcats will be without the services of their star Otto Graham, as Mr ^ advantage going into the heavy- western Wildcats aie close behind, en individual events The Wildcats Graham is imjluded on a list of men scheduled to lepoit as an air cadet at wsigbt bracket and could have af- with the lest of the field scattered took the remaining four along with either DePauw University or Monmouth College on Feb 17 There is also Voided to lose the match on a deci- out first place in the mile relay "fhe a possibility that the Wildcats will lose four regulars that are in the still would have gained a Iowa Once Igpiored Maioons placed only once as ’Dick marines, so their squad should be rathei weak by the time they come to ^ quick pin by Russ Thom- Iowa is the same team that many Budniek, a veteran, placed fourth West Lafayette Indiana should be a pushovei' Buckeye heavyweight, gave the of the so-called expeits relegated in a foui man field in the two mile Basketball Floor Gets A Scrubbing Columbus matmen a two point final to mediociity in the dusty ages be run to register the lone Chicago A brand clean, freshly polished basketball floor will be ready for Friday the season began In winning point night’s tilt with Wabash Spectatois at games this season have noticed The nucleus of the Rivetei attack a veiy weak team, such as Noithwestein managed to eomthe deplorable condition that the floor was in as the result of the synthetic came fiom the efforts of thiee men Chicago team is, by the lopsided pete on an even basis with the Rivrubber shoes that the hundreds of men wear that daily use the floor —Ait Aeine, Newt Copple, and scoie of 103 31, the Hawkeyes, and etei runners in all but three events Efforts to obtain equipment fOi pioperly lemoving these marks earlier Jack Shepaid Victoiies by these Uick Ives, set many new leeords The Riveters, led by Bill Biele, in tbe seUson weie futile, but tbe equipment finally arrived last week and three added to Bruce Porter’s deci I''^cs broke two of Phillips( of Illi- V 12, tiansferied from Illinois, a crew of workmen spent the week-end reconditioning the boards sion in the light heavy event, weie fame) ilpcords, outscoiing him made a Clean sweep of all fouvplaces Capacity Crowd For Tank Meet the entire contributions to the Riv individual game and also in the 880 yd run, and then took the A capacity crowd was on hand Saturday afternoon to Watch the swim- eter’s 14 points Jack Shepaid, high scoiing inoie field goals in one fiist thiee positions in the poke ining meet with Northwestern They were treated to a veiy good contest, point man, has pi oved to be the most go,me Iowa, as a team set a Confei- vault and broad jump to outscore particularly at the end when both teams went into the final event tied for valuable member of the wiestling scoiing lecord, scoiing 103 the Wildcats 31 to 2 ®
the lead The Wildcats were a little too stiong for the Riveter swimmeis and copped the last event and the meet
Spnttermgs
Basketball backboards were oiiginally designed to keep spectators on decision coming at Michigan
squad Undefeated in five matches Pomts and also topping Illinois lec- Rivetei veterans turned in this season, Shepaid has gained oidei of 40 field goals by five, set jjggt perfoimances of the afterfoui falls and one decision, his lone l®-st yeai Ericsson, Brg Ten cross
the balcony fiom knocking the ball away from the basket, not to provide
bank shots or lebounds
Face Wildcats Saturaay
The Reeckman face Noithwest
THERE’S NO ARGUMENT ABOUT THE VALUE OF THE FOOD SERVED AT THE UNION
CAFETERIA
ECONOMICAL^. NUTRITIOUS DELICIOUS
JM. TlikmjoiieiL *iJinjuofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Haag a charity toss but Bowen con- Bowen, g
nected fiom the field just before the
half ended with Ohio State ahead Totals 26 22 Purdtfe (47)
The Buckeyes wasted no time in Horn, f
establishing a 31 24 lead soon aftei P Hoffman, f the half opened Then the Boilei Kieighhaum, f makeis picked up and Fiiend, Me- Frazier, c Pheison, and Elliot collaborated Taylor, c with SIX points while the Buckeyes Fiiend, g got five, making it 36 30 While Elliot, g Houston picked up one, Haag, Fia- Haag, g ziei, and Tayloi put the Boileimak McPherson, f
eis within one point of the Buck
eyes, 37 36
Friend Goes Out On Personals Duggei and Bowen collected on flee throws and then Dugger again tossed in a fieldei With eight minutes to go Cl ate dropped in anothei to put the score at 43-36, Ohio State Pi lend went out on his fouith pei sonal while the Buckeyes lan the score to 48-40 Horn hit on his sev-
0
20 FG
7 2 0 3 1 2 2 0 0
14 FT
0 3 0 0 3 0 1 5 1
15
Noithwestein still retained hopes countiy champion, finished a full of a Confei ence championship, and ^alf length ahead of his nearest opwent out to piove to all and sundry pg^g^^ capture the mile run in
ein Saturday and the confeience IXsuffeied at toe good time of 4 minutes, 28 3 It \ Wisconsin was a mistake ggggg^g Harvey, anothW Riv-
The Wildcats defeated the hapless g^g^
cross country ace, turned in
Gopheis by the score of 67 32 Sat- ^j^g ggggg^ brilliant performance uiday night Giaham scoied 17 gf meet as he won the 60 yd points to become the top scoiei of the time of 6 4 seconds
the game In the game Friday night.
meet a week from then without the services of Newt Copple only other undefeated wrestler Copple, a PF V 5er, has been transferred to Iowa 4 Preflight to begin his fight trainrng
Newt was being counted on heavily haTsuffmVd their fiist
in the coming confeience meet All
, , 1 j 1 1 defeat in conference play, to the season he has won handily from his Wisconsin outfit, losing
The Wildcats fared best in the quaitei mile run and 60 yd low hurdles Fianck, a Northwestern
Totals
17 13
opponets Reeck was banking on Copple to win the conference 155 pound championship Robeits will piobably take over his vacated post
in toe coming meets
This week Coach Reeck will again
oveitime by
scoie of captored the 440 yd -run
in 513 seconds while his fellow teammate, Altpeter was runner up Biele and Kennedy finished third and fourth respectively for the Boilermakeis in this event In the low huidles Northwestern took
Ion Phi
7 35—Tiiangle vs Tau Sigma 8 30—Acacia vs Chi Alpha
, , , j 8 —Sigma Nu vs Tau Pi Phi
enth field goal and immediately (^gmj 2
thereaftei Ohio State lost Giate on peisonals With three minutes left
Horn fouled out and Praziei fol
lowed him to the bench along toe
same route soon after
The Boilermakers fought desperately to close the gap but could not succeed The game ended with the Buckeyes ahead, 64-47 Box score Ohio State (54) FG FT PF
double 50 47
Indiana Still Loses
Indiana continued to matdh the losing stieaks of both Chicago and Minnesota, losing its sixth and sev
21 conduct tiyouts to decide who will gnth games, this time to the weak
make up the squad that will ti<avel Michigan team Dave Stracks, an three of the first four positions Cuito Northwestern for a second meet Indianapolis boy, went all out for *he distance in 72 with the Wildcat giapplers In toe victory as he highlighted toe Wol- seconds, captured first place while fiist engagement toe Riveters vermes attack, scoring 18 points Cooley took second and Warfield
7 ^0-Delta Upsilon vs Tau Epsi- kittle Tommy King scoied 12 points for the Wildcats Stie-
P ajpbi ..-..o, XT,^,V, , , , . , , der, finishing third was toe lone
Riveter to place in this contest
IM Schedules Tuesday, February 8th
Court 1
verdict over Northwestern ^hich was enough to bring him up Summary of the Ohio State Meet to the head of the Confeience scoi121 lb Cantaielh (OS) decisioned mg column It was the first time he
7 20—Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta Sig-
ma Psi
7 36—Phi Sigma Theta vs Phi
Delta Theta
8 30—Delta Tau Delta vs Kappa
Sigma
8 45—Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma -\Yeil (OS)
Liang (P)
128 lb —Ewait (OS) pinned Stengle, 19 seconds of second period 136 lb —Aeine (P) decisioned De
inoia (OS)
145 lb—Stoia (OS) decisioned
Armstrong (P)
166 lb—Copple (P) decisioned
had come up to the head since the disastrous senes Michigan had had
here at Lafayette
Peterson, running for Phillips’ squad, won the two mile race with M Smith of Northwestern the runnerup Eric Ericsson, victor in tbe
The Boilermakeis dropped from event but
the top slot, a position they had held
since the beginning of the season, ^ ^hite, Momcal and Su-
Grate, f Duggei, f Caudill, f Risen, c Huston, g
MONTH INTENSIVf Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES
A thorough, intensive, secretarial course — starting February, July,® October Registration now open
★
Regular day and evening school throughout the year Catalog ^ A school OF BUSINESS PREFERRED BY COllEGE MEN AND WOMEN THE GREGG COLLEGE President, John Robert GreoQ SCO Director Pool M Pair M A 6H HIchlginAva ttItlilionB STMelSBI Chli!»»o.1»
Phi Epsilon
Couit 3
7 20—Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Chi 7 36—Alpha Sigma Phi vs Theta Xi 8 30—Luma vs Mai stellar Maioons 8 45—Warnock Manner vs Rockets
Court 4
7 20—Circle Pines vs Mai wood 7 35—'Hot Shots vs Chauncey 8 80—International vs Rochdale 8 45—Owen vs Dover ettes Big Ten Standings
Pet
1000
875 833 750 714 333 300 000 000 .000
Iowa
Purdue
Noithwestein Ohio State Wisconsin
1 Illinois
Michigan
Chicago
Minnesota
Indiana
W
7 7 5 6 5 2 3 5 6 0
165 lb — Shepaid (P) pinned Lonjak (OS), 2 07 of first period 175 lb—Poitei (P) decisioned Davis (OS) Heavyweight — Thomas (OS) pinned Hunipeiville (P), 55 seconds of first peiiod Notice All Civilian students who wish to retain their gym lockeis in the field house for next semestei must sign toe renewal book in the check 100111 at the fieldhouse before the end of this semestei Glider Club announces the election of new officers President, Loien Blight, vice president, Dick Cunningham, tieasuiei, Arthur Williams and secletaiy, John Lofeck
cm, finishing in that order in the pole vault, earned the Boilermakers ten points while Lindblad, Sigera, and Findlayson did likewise in the bioadjump White’s winning jump cleared the bais at 10 feet 10 inches
by viitue of toe defeat administered them by toe fighting Ohio State quintet In defeating toe Riveters, the Buckeyes had Ap go all out, as on toe pi evious^ evening toe
Riveters edged toe lanky team- „, ,
men out of a victory by a score of Lindblad jumped 20 feet 3 inch-
59 49 In toe contest most of toe *0 the broad jump
The Summary
One Mile Run—Won by Ericsson (P), Haynes (P), second, Cushman (NW), third, S Smith (NW),
fourth Time 4 28 3
60 Yd Dash—^Won by Harvey (P), Lindblad (P), second. Rue (NW), thud, Cullen (NW), fourth.
Tuesday, Feb 8, 4 p m —Alpha Time 06 4 Chi Omega vs Kappa Alpha Theta 440 Yd Dash—Won by Franck Wednesday, Feb 9, 4 p m—Ward (NW), Altpetei (NW) second, 1 vs Town Gills Biele (P), thud, Kennedy (P), Thursday, Feb 10, 4 p ni—South fourth Time 513 Hall vs Alpha Chi Omega, Wood gO Yd High Hurdles—Won by Hall vs Phi Mu Findlayson (P), Cooley (NW),
Riveters were out on fouls neai the end of the contest as the style o'’
play was indeed rough
WAA Calendar
Basketball Schedule
Friday, Feb 11, 4 p m—Ward 1 vs Kappa Alpha Theta, Wax cl 3 vs
Delta Gamma
Try an Expinent Classified
These kre the EDS and COlEDS You Reach When You ADVERTISE IN THE EXPONENT
second, Wadfield (NW), thud, Steidei (P), fouith Time -07 4 Two Mile Run—Won by Peteison (P), H Smith (NW), second, Wahl (P) thud, Budnick (C) fourth Time 10 46 880 "id Run—Won by Biele (P); Kennedy (P) second, Haynes (P), thud, Nielson (P), fourth. Time 2 06 2 Shot Put—Won by Johnson (NW, Klaus (P), second. Bush (NW), thud, Suciu (P), fouith Distance 44 feet 7 5 inches Pole \ault — Won by White (P), Momcal (P), second, Suem (P), fouith Height 10 feet 10 inches 60 Yd Low Hurdles—Won by Cullen (NW), Cooley (NW), second, Steidei (P), thud, Warfield (NW) fourth Time 07 2 Broad Jump—Won bv Lindblad (P), Sigeis (P), second, Findlayson (P), thud, Ballou (NW), loiuth Distance 20 feet 3 inches High Jump — Cooley (NW), hist Studevant (P), second, Thomaieus (P) thud, Findlayson (P) and Bush (NW) tied foi fouith Height 5 teet 10% inches Mile Relay—Won by Noithwestein, Pm due second Time J 30 2 | Notice ^ All Campus Boxing Touinamentt open to all beginpeis and experi/enced boxeis, "will be held February 21 AH mteiested tan work out on boxing deck fiom 4 to 6 daily.-'^tu ' ^‘jf . uXi' - . ' ’ ^ ^ ;
’^,1
*\' ''•^*''*ij, •—« -y
■
&
, -‘iS,.
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better
FIIOM WHERE 1 SIT Chicago’s hospitality for service men is pretty widely known. There’s hardly a dogface who doesn’t know that the latchkey is out and that the uniform is king. The only lament is that you have to sweat out a line for almost ever3d;hing—just to make you feel at home. The only thing there’s no line for is for hotel accommodations—all you do is walk right up .to the desk and they laugh at you. I was lucky. I got a booth at the Y. It wasn’t bad except that I had to leave my overcoat; the hall—there wasn’t room for the two of us. ' One of the lines I got into was one at the box office for Oklahoma. They say that Oklahoma will be in Chicago longer than was the Century of Progress Exposition. Having spent a year and a half in the state, I was curious to see what it would be like with pretty girls. I didn’t realize how optimistic I was until the fellow in front of me boasted that he had passed by the theater while a performance was actually going on. Way up ahead, a sailor semaphored back the message: “box office, ahoy.” I wanted a couple of seats for my next furlough and all they had left was Standing room. The man at the BO was a pretty obliging sort. “Besides”, he told nte, “it’ll be a bad investment for you. I hear that they’re going to abandon the ASTP. Why don’t you come around after the war is over, I may have a couple of balcony seats.”
IS IT TRUE? It didn’t take me long to get bored with window shopping. I got tired of looking at the latest in civilian clothes, so I wandered off into a side street in search of morale. There, lined with pawn shops, penny arcades and “economical” hotels, was South State Street. Every big city has one. In Detroit they call it Monioe; in Los Angeles, South Main. If you have time you can stop at one of the many cinemas and see three or four double features for a dime. Just bring your own lysol. You could tell it was a respectable part of town because the MPs travel in pairs. MPs have always been nice to me; always solicitous of my welfare. So I was hardly surprised when a pair of them, nightsticks swaying gently in the evening breeze, gravitated toward me. One of them,I discovered from his speech, was a Harvard man. “Button yer buttons, soljer,” he said. I buttoned ’em. “Lessee yer papers,” requested the other. I unbuttbned ’em. I yielded my papers and they got into a huddle. The Harvard man mumbled something about '“new kind of furlough papers.” Then they began to chant: “Abbott. . . Cowan . .. Ford . . . Kennedy . . . Nelson . . . Scott ... Woodward.” This ent on for about ten min_utes and then: “Say, which one is you?” I pointed timidly near the top of the list. They looked at me with restrained desperation. “A collich man,” muttered Haivard, rubbing his hand across his face. I dropped my head. “A high IQ, no doubt,” added the second. I bit my lip. “In ASTP, it says here,” emphasized the first. I nodded without looking up. “Then tell us,” they demanded, “is it tiue they gonna give up on the ASTP?” The Question Again I slipped into a quiet bar. Just before my furlough expired a waiter dropped by. “What’s it gonna be, dogface?” he asked intimately. “Make It a Tom Collins—with gin in it.” That’s my favorite drink. “You’re a bad boy,” he admonished me, catching sight of my shoulder patch. “You should be in studying tonite.” “It’s OK, my section leadei knows I’m out.’"’ I’ll never forget that diink. Because with it came Natasha. Natasha was a spy. I could tell she was a spy by the way she slunk. Besides, she had long black hair which coveied what her long black gown failed to cover. Besides, Natasha’s kind aie after information oi money, and my Pfc. stripe was evidence of bankruptcy. “Is it true,” she slurped in long drawn out syllables the way they do in the movies—after I’d ordeied hei a dunk, “that ASTP is to be abandoned ? ” “I dunno,” I snapped back. This was war and she wasn’t gonna get nothin’ outta me. “Besides, I ain’t seen the latest Tribune.” “I am reading in the Tribune,” she slurped, “where 100,000 WAC’s is going into AST. It is going to be coed.” That proved it. She was a spy. That was Nazi propaganda if I ever heard any. Without asking l^ow Little Orphan Annie and her Junior Commandos were doing, I slipped four ^xtra sulfa pills in her drink when she wasn’t looking. “Pardon me, Natasha,” I slurped, “I have to make a phone call.” I left her n ith the check.
, \ REMEMBER your VALENTINE
^ • SLHRAFFT’S CANDY • Roiiianlic VAI,ENT1NES mm BOOK mi Across from the Union Huililing
^rmy.
XMarine N^s‘Tuesday^ February ft 1^44:^
si. o. s.
This is an SOS for servicemen with journalistic indinations and ambitions. If you can write, if you like to wi’ite, if you think you can write, there’s a welcome spot for you on the Service Staff of the Exponent. The recent AST graduation and turnover has virtually depleted the Service Staff and choice positions are available to all servicemen — old and new on the campus, _ If you’re timid because you’ve no experience—forget it. Come down, give it a try and you’ll find this a profitable and rewarding extra-curricular activity. There are many facets to the work, which includes straight news, features, editorials, cartoons, columns and opinions. If you’re already a fourthestater, there is no need to outline the advantages or disadvantages. Also reports from each barracks are needed in order to have a fair distribution of news. A reorganization meeting will be held with the regular staff in the Exponent office, basement of the Union Building at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday, Feb. 15. All interested servicemen—sailors, soldiers and marines—are urged to attend.
Odds ’n’ Ends: Since the question’s been raised, heie is Army and Navy Journal’s answer. In its Januaiy 29 issue it states “Because of cuiient excess of officers and consequent reduction of officei candidate classes, it is possible that some phases of ASTP, other than those i elated to medical and dental pi'ofessions, wall be eliminated and program cm tailed accordingly.” . . . Be that as it may, a warm welcome is in ordei lor the 250 or more slide rule soldiers who slipped in from Benning, NYU, U of Chicago, U of 111. and other places while we were away catching up on nite life. . . . The coeds, if you haven’t already discovered for yourself, aie rather fiiendly—which IS a change from the situation that existed during the pioneer days back last summer. . . . The officers and permanent enlisted personnel, you’ll discover ere long, are an unusually swell and eoopeiative bunch of men. That goes right from the colonel to your company clerk. . . . You’ll soon hear about SR cards. It means an extra piivilege or two if you feel that it’s worth a deuce each month—and that it is especially if your wife is here with you. . . . You are encouraged to take part in any of the campus activities insofar as your GI schedule will peiinit and the variety is sufficiently assorted to find one to suit your talents. . . . Incidentally, if you derive satisfaction in putting one woi d after another or revel in by-lines, the EXPONENT is your activity. Lose no time investigating it. . . . Doc Miller reveals that getting out of PE this term will be a distinction for those who achieve it. What a thought! Buy War Bond^ And Stamps
Anglo-American Air Forces Announce Jet-Propelled Plane The Royal Air Force and the Army Air Corps have announced the development of a successful “rocket ship” that runs by forcing gas out the rear end, sending the ship along at speeds estimated by the Eglin Eagle, Eglin Field, Fla., to be somewhere between 600 and 600 miles per hour. Of course details of the engines and design are secret, but we are told that the plane is jet-propelled and use.s kerosene for fuel. Naturally the plane has already acquired a nickname It is called “Squirt” because of the noise it makes in flight, resembling that produced by water boiling in a teakettle. Information about the new plane was so well guarded that the family Wing Commander Frank Whittle, its inventor, learned of his invention through the official announcement, although the first successful flight was made in May, 1941. Anglo-American Air Foices announcements state that the jetpropelled planes aie being pioduced in this country now. Conscientious Rookies Desire To Drill At Nigkt Rookies at Camp Livington, La., saddened by their unsoldierly drilling, dug deep into their fatigue pants, collected about $12, then presented themselves befoie their company commander. “Sii,” they annoiiiiced, “our drilling looks pietty bad. We have decided we should do some night drilling, and have some money to buy hoodlights for the company stieet.” After a moment of shocked silence, the officer agieed to their plan. A detail is now installing the lights. Notice All students w ho nave not been vaccinated against tjphoid fever within the last two years are urged to report to the Student Health Service as soon as possible for immunization treatment. S. .1. MILLER, M. D.
Army Relief Refuses Loans For Furlough Expenses According to the Fort Crook Shield, Fort Crook, Nebraska, soldiers who have been depending on Army Emergency Relief Funds for furlough expenses will have to start budgeting their salaries. The funds aie no longer available. Word was received to cease making loans for furloughs other than in extreme emergencies. Such emergencies were defined in a telegram from Washington, “. .. such as sickness or death in a soldier’s family or some other conditions of equal importance to individual soldiers and then only when such condition is established to satisfaction of commanding officer concerned and when Aineiican Red Cioss or private funds aie not available for that puipose.” New Instruction Book Tells Swimming Need For All U.S. Navy Men An instiuction book on swimming lecently leleased by the Aviation Tiaining Division, Office of the Chief of Naval Opeiations, points out very forcibly the importance of sviinming for all Navy men. One officer serving aboard a lost earner writes, “The most vivid need of the men in our Navy was burned into my inemoiy that day oui ship was torpedoed. I saw men die because they could not swim well enough to cany themselves out of danger. Many lost their lives in the water at Peail Harbor on that seventh day of Decembei. Since that date the ability to swim has been highlighted all over the world. Some of the valiant of Bataan swam to Corregidor. Seven to one is the record of our fliers in the Pacific, but for every seven planes shot down, one American flier or crew is forced into the water. We have become adjusted to this new waifare which pits ship against plane. We can recall these details of the sinking of the Wasp, “There were about 1500 men in the water by then ,&wimming as best they could in the rough water and hanging onto rafts or whatever they could find.”
Army Flying Corps Now Total 2,300,000 1 Officers, Enlisted Men Recent releases of thg War Department reveal that the United States now has an Army Air Force numbering more than 2,300,000'officers and enlisted men. These hitherto confidential statistics of manpower further reveal that at least 100,000 of these fire radio operatormechanics. The AAF Training Command has been responsible for the training of all the personnel involved. In performing this function the command developed what is believed to be the woild’s largest educational system. From the standpoint of territory covered, personnel employed, administered and trained, equipment operated and facilities owned, it overshadows the largest of the world’s business corporations. Its installations, numbering 466, are located in each of the 48 states. Graduates In the approximate period from January 1, 1939, to November 30, 1943, the AAF Training Command has graduated from its nation-wide netwoik of flying and technical schools 100,789 pilots, 20,086 bombardiers, 18,906 navigator^, 107,218 aeiial gunners and 66,891 ground and air combat crew technicians, according to the War Department release. In addition to the half million basic technical course graduates, 64,230 were graduated from officers’ couises, 114,982 from factory courses, and 52,198 fflom advanced courses. The command trains all AAF personnel including pilots, gunners, bombardiers, navigators, gunners, and 65 different categoiies of technicians. With the exception of 3,491 glider pilots, 2,348 liaison pilots, and 444 women pilots, most of the 100, 799 pilots are qualified either as fighter 01 bomber combat flieis. Training Since Pearl Harbor Most of this training job was done in the two years since Pearl Harbor, lecoids show, with an almost unbelievable expansion of facilities. In 1939, only 696 pilots weie graduated from two schools. In the first 11 months of 1943 the command graduated 61,730 pilots of all types fiom 135 schools engaged in several types of flying training. Women's Club Holds Dinner, Art Exhibit Women’s Club of the Univeisity held a dinner dance last night, the dinner beginning at 6 p. m. m the Home Economics Cafeteiia, and the dance at 9 p. m. in the Faculty Lounges of the Union. Music for the dance was piovided by Glenn Wright’s oichestra, and two rooms were reserved for bridge. In connection with the dinner dance, the sketch group of the Women’s Club held its annual art exhibit. Twelve members showed pictures done in various mediums, including water colors, oils, pastels, pencil and tempera at the regular meetings. Mrs. H. J. Nottingham and Mrs. H. J. Yeaiian were in charge.
Notices
Senior M.E.'s and Aero E.'s; For those seniors graduating before June, 1944, money will be collected during the week of Jan. 31 for the M4 class pictures to be himg in the M. E. and Aero Buildings. The price will be $1.00 for M.E.’s, $1.20 for Aero's, and may be paid to the Pi Tau Sigma representative in th6 M.E. lab Or to JMias LaCave in thb M.E. office. —EVANS. Gold Peppers, Gimlets, Reamers and Hon* orary Members: On Wednesday, Feb. 9, at 7:80 p. m., Mr. Ditamore will conduct a tour of the entire Hall of Music. All members meet on stage at time specified. Enter Music Hall through door on south side of building.
—REED.
Debris Pictures: inursday, Feb. 10: 4:00, Playshop; 4:10, Engineer; 4:20, Gold Pep-i pers ; 4 :80, Camera Club ; 4:40, Glider Club; 4:50, Theta Alpha Phi; 6:80, PIA; 6:40, Student Senate, Sophomores; 6:50, Student War'Council; 7:00, AWS; 7:10, WBAA; 7:20, Debris Business Staff; 7:3CfJ Sigma Delta Chi; 7:50, Union, Sophomores; 8:00, Reamers; 8:10, Skull and Crescent; 8;20, Gimlet; 8:30, Alpha Phi Omega ; 8:40, Newman Club; 8:60, YWCA; 9:00, Alpha Lambda Delta; 9:10, V. C. Meredith; 8:20, Pharmacist; 9:30, American Pharmaceutical Association Editors. / V»12 Engineers: All V-12 Engineers, who intend to enroll in the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering next term will meet in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Tuesday, Feb. 8 at 7:00 p. m. (for students who were registered in the University prior to July 1, 1943) or Wednesday, Feb. 9 at 7 :00 p. m. (for students who transferred to the University in July, 1943). ^ —CLARK. Tau Beta Pi: Short business meeting on Wednesday, Feb 9, at 7 :00 p. m. in room 212 of the Union Building —EVANS. All Students: Any student who wishes to work for the Registrar during the registration for ihc March term, March 3 and 4, will please leave his name at the desk in the
Registrar’s office.
—STONE
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting to be held Tuesday, Feb. 8, at 7 *30 p. m., in the Conference Room of the Hall
of Music.
—SCHWANDT Alpha Lambda Delta: Time foi Debris picture has been changed cto 0 p. m Meeting will be held Thursday, Feb 10, at 7 :15 p m in room 263 of the Union before picture is
taken.
—MINER
Navy Will Grant Rank Of Ensign To Qualified Eds Any student wishing to obtain a commission in the United States Navy should confer with the head of his school before Friday, Februaiy 11. This offer is open to students graduating from the Univeisity at the end of the semester, according to information fiom the President’s office. In order to gain the rank of ensign, a student must pass the physical requirements, which include passing an eyesight test of 15-20 or
better.
With this offer, the Navy has changed its policy for granting commissions to include civilian men without the practical experience which was prfeviously necessary for consideration.
■ Undergraduate Daweas »«slneaB meeting Tuesday, Feb. 8, at 7 :30 ‘I*® of Mrs' Paul Myers, 122 ^
_ ' l',
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Thuwdw. FeK%7in room 268 of the Union immj^iafe-
]y after Debris picture is taken
SCA: There will be a hoard meeting '^esday, Feb. 8 at 7 :80 p. m. in thfig^^g,® ^ Glider Club: Meeting Tuesday, J;?/
7 :30 P. m. See west desk for
WAA: Council meeting Wednesday, Feb. 9 at 6:30 p. m. in WAA office. Important
that all council members
Gold Peppers. Gimlets, Kramers, Md honorary Members: On Wednesday, Feb. 9( 7:8U p m., Ditamore will conduct tour of Music Hall. All membeis meet on stage at time , spediaed. Enter through door marked Musical Organizations”. _rEED Debris Business Staff: Important meeting Friday, Feb. 11, at 4 p. m., for all business
office sophomores apd
Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge meeting at 6:30 Wednesday, Feb. 9, in room Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday. Feb. 8, at 7:16 p. m. m Women’s Gynu Union Sophomores and Freshmen: Please loport to south ballroom at 7:60 p. m. on Thursday, Feb. 10, to have Debris pictures
« —WOOLLING.
Phi LambdaUpsilon: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, Feb. 10, in room 129 of Chem Annex. Pledge election. _lOTTES. Cartoonists: If you would like to draw cartoons for the Yearbook, come for information to the Debris office at 4 p. m, Tuesday, Feb. 8. —RICHARDSON. Skull and Crescent: Important meeting ia the old Chestnut Room of the Union on Wed-
nesday, Feb 9, at 7 p. m. Be on
—KLEIN.
WAA Council: Special meeting Tuesday, Fth 8, 6.30 p. m., m WAA omte.
—LAFUZE.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation Tuesday, Feb, In, at 5:15 p. m. in room 261 of Union. All members and pledges please be there. Will all go to initiation banquet at 6 p. m. Membeis call Levin at WRH room 317 before Saturday, Feb 12, if able to attend. Please bung money foi keys and initiation.
—LEVIN.
All Students: Those with senior pictures m ’44 Debris who have made honoraries or activities since activity charts were filled, comt to Debris office before Monday, Feb. 11, and add to your card —BAUMER. War Council: Meeting in Room 212 at 7 p m Thursday, Feb 10 Please report to south ballioom at 6:45 p m. for Debris pic-
ture
—WOOLLING.
Tau Beta Pi: Infoimal intiation at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Feb 9, room 366 of Union, All actives interestLd in a good time are cor-
dially invited —EVANS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Inlornial initiation at 7 :16 p m. Thuisday, Feb. 10, in M. E. Building.
—EVANS.
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C P. Ebershoft 605 Main. Lafayette. Phone 2779
Peter Anderson Co.
AFTER YOU 525 Alabama St.
WE COME FIRST Phone 4048
Sonvdhm^ Tbuv ^(oSl. £cctL GxUbijdL!
BUY WAR BDIVDS The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
* r
I
> 't