‘^® Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, October 5, 1937
NUMBER 19
Emrick Announces
Band Commissions / For This Semester
Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick, director of the Purdue Military Bands, announced last night the following appointments of commissioned and non-cOmmissioned officers to the band staff for the present semester. These men were chosen for their respective posts after considering their musical ability, theif length of service, and their executive capacity in various types of work which are necessary to the smooth functioning of a Military Band. Commissioned Officers 1st Lieut, and concert meister, C. G. Bigelow, Sr. M. E., Chicago, 111.; 1st Lieut, and chief drum major, C. M. Jorgeson, Sr. M. E., Glen Ellyn, 111.; Bvt. 1st Lieut, atid military officers, R. D. Birge, Sr. E. E., North Platte, Neb.; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and assistant director, C. A. Reichelderfer, Sr. Ch. E., Ft. Wayne, Ind.; 2nd Liept. and supply officer, W. H. Deitch, Sr. Ch. E., Elkhart, Ind.; 2nd Lieut, and assistant military officer, R. P. Anthes, Jr. E. E., Columbia City, Ind. 2nd Lieut, and personnel officer, B. O. Pressler, Jr. M. E., Elkhart, Ind.; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and band adjutant, P. C. Baase, Jar. M. E., Indianapolis, Ind.; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and publicity officer, W. H. Smith, Jr. M. E., Zionsville; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and band librarian, R. B. Newhouse, Jr. P. S. E., Oaklandon, Ind.; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and detail officer, C. J. Camp, Jr. Ch. E., Maywood, 111. Non-Commissioned Officers 1st Sergeant, in charge of all details, J. V/. Claypool, Jr. Sc., Hempstead, N. Y.; Sergeant, in charge of equipment detail, M. W. Mahns, Jr. (Continued on page 3)
Home Ec Honorary
Pledges Five Women
Debris Photos Now
Offered To Seniors At Nominal Cost
Lillian Murphy, president of Omicron Nu, national home economics honorary, welcomed five girls into the sorority at a pledging ceremony last Friday. The prospective members are: Dorothy Bryant, West Lafayette; Marcia Clevinger, Dunkirk; Neva Fricke, Monroe; Mrs. Ann Shay, Lafayette; and Ardath Unran, graduate student from Reinbeck, Iowa.
Purdue Will Receive
Large NYA Allotment
Purdue will receive an NYA monthly allotment of $6,255 this year to head the list of 38 Indiana colleges receiving NYA assistance for needy students. t Robert S. Richey, state NYA director announced at the same time that total monthly wages amounting to $29,760 will be paid to the 38 schools. The largest appropriations outside of Purdue were to Indiana University, $5,580 and to Notre Dame University, $3,555.
Broadcast Tickets
For Varsity Show
Supply Exhausted
Following the demand for tickets to the 8 o’clock broadcast of the Pontiac Varsity Show yesterday afternoon in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building, only entrance to the preview at 5 o’clock Friday, and the “dress rehearsal” at 8 p. m. Thursday may now be obtained. Most of the tickets for the former show are available, while as yet there have been no requests for admittance to the rehearsal.
Since all three performances will be presented in the Memorial Gymnasium, 3,000 tickets are being offered for each of the shows.
No person will be admitted to the Gymnasium during the broadcast, or for a 15-minute period prior to the beginning of the show.
'Big Robbie'And Wife To Winter In California
Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson and Mrs. Robertson, 405 East Stadium avenue, are planning to spend the winter in Los Angeles and visit other points in California. They expect to leave late this month. He will spend much of his time on educational research.
The class of 1938 will receive a service this year never before given to a graduating class, “Chuck” Ehinger, editor of the Debris, announced last night. Each senior will be able to secure 50 pictures of himself, suitable for pasting on application blanks. Each year, graduating classes of Purdue have found great difficulty in securing likenesses of themselves when applying for positions. Many colleges and universities have engravings made, at the expense of each individual senior, but the personnel service here at Purdue, has believed this cost to be prohibitive. Under the plan now proposed, the entire 50 pictures may be had for 25 cents. This sum should be paid when the pictures are received in January. Start Pictures October 18 Senior pictures are to be taken starting Monday morning, October 18, and at this time seniors will indicate whether they desireithis service or not. “Chuck” Ehinger stated that, a rather high percentage of the class would have to purchase the pictures or it would be impossible to carry out the plan. Walters Enthusiastic When called last night. Dr. J. E. Walters', personnel director of the University, was very enthusiastic about the plan. “I think it is an excellent proposition. Any senior who hopes to find a job will find it invaluable. An employer, whether interviewing seniors here or away from West Lafayette, demands pictures on the application blanks. I would say that every senior should take advantage of this opportunity,” stated Dr. Walters. Each senior will receive a post card informing him of the time his picture will be taken and a schedule will also be carried in the Exponent. The Dexheimer-Carlon studios of Indianapolis are doing the work. This coming period will be the only chance for seniors to have their pictures appear in the Debris since there will be no second period after Christmas.
Graduating from the University in 1895, Dr. Robertson spent 30 years as a scientific lecturer in China for the International Y. M. C. A. During the past two years he has lived in comparative retirement in West Lafayette expeiimenting with educational methods which he found applicable to his own use in the Orient.
PIA Sends Out Invitations To Unorganized Freshmen Co-eds For Coming Party
Invitations have been sent out to all unorganized freshmen women to attend the P. I. A. party, “A Night in Greenwich Village,” to be held in the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building from 7 to 8:30 o’clock tonight. Mary Wien, P. I. A. co-ed executive, is in charge of the series of parties. Upperclassmen did not receive invitations but are inviteij nevertheless. Refreshments will be served in keeping with the spirit of the party. A cigarette girl wll be a feature of the evening. Barbara Gibbs is irl charge of the program consisting of a dancing chorus starring Martha Lommel, Eva Ruff with her blues singing, an impersonation of Martha Raye by Virginia Gleason, a vocal number by Martha Whitehead, and a selection of piano numbers by Joanne Lloyd.
All remaining tickets for the broadcast will be available to students and public this morning in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. The student restriction was released last night at 11 p. m.
Ag Extensien Agents
Open Heeling Today
County agricultural agents, home demonstration agents, county cluh leaders and farm institute speakers will gather here today for their annual conference on extension work. The meeting will continue through Friday.
Headlining today’s program will be an address by Governor M. Clifford Townsend, who will be the principal speaker at the annual banquet to be held this evening. Dean J. H. Skinner of the agricultural de partments of the University will preside as toastmaster.
The program will get underway at 1 o’clock with Prof. J. A. Starrak of Iowa State College as the speaker on “How to Make Teaching Effective.” W. P. Jackson, of New York City, in charge of the National Recreation Association, and A. P. Stewart, choral director, are others on the afternoon program. Hon. A1 bert Perris, state senator, will pay tribute to extension workers who have died during the past year.
Military Ball Committee Wants Decoration Ideas
The Military Ball Committee, headed by Cadet Major Simonton, announced yesterday that the student presenting the best plans for Military Ball decorations will receive a complimentary pass to the ball. Ideas should be turned in at the Memorial Union desk or at the Armory before October 7. As usual the side walls of the ballroom for the Military Ball will be covered with army colors. Ideas are desired for backdrops, bandstand covers, and stage decorations. Many suggestions have been received already but the committee has not made any definite decision as yet.
Speakers Included On Convo Schedule
Kappas^ Thetas Deprived Of One Rush Dinner For Breaking Of Regulations
By R. P. Manion, Editor
Religious convocations for the 1937-38 season will include four returning speakers and one pastor new to the campus. The convocation schedule was recently announced by Prof. L. Hadley. On October 24, Dr. Ralpli Marshall Davis will make his tenth appearance on the campus. Dr. Davis comes from Oakland, Cal. Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, of Oak Park, 111., will be the new speaker on the campus on November 28. Dr. Coe saw active service in the Woi'ld War, and prepared himself for the ministry at Yale, graduating in ’22. The Purdue Choir of 154 voices will give a program of Christmas music on Tuesday evening, December 14. Dean Charles W. Gilkey, of the University of Chicago, will be thq first speaker of 1938, when he comes to the University on January 16. Gilkey was the baccalaureate speaker in June, 1936. Rabbi Silver, of Cleveland, will make his third successive appearance on the campus February 20.
Kappa Alpha Theta and Kappa Kappa Gamma sororities were deprived of one rush dinner—one out of three— yesterday evening by the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council for violation of rush rules during Saturday afternoon’s teas at each of the six women’s Greek letter organizations. That is the substance of unofficial reports learned from the various sorority leaders before and following Pan-Hellenic’s session yesterday. Pan-Hellenic President Mary Jean Jarrett stated that she could not talk on the matter because of the council’s resolution for secrecy, but she did not deny any part of the story when read to her over the telephone last night. No Invitations? Formal co-ed rush opened Saturday afternoon with teas at the six sororities for allowing freshmen women to become acquainted with house member and to look over the houses. No invitations to the three rush dinners this y^eek were to be issued at all, under an addition made to the previously drafted Pan-Hellenic rules.
Kostelanetz'Orchestra
Plays For Chesterfield
Female Dolphins Plan Water Carnival, Dance Triton Club is in the swim again! This honorary swimming club for girls meets every Thursday night at 8:30. Requirements for membership in Triton are: swim five lengths of the pool, back float one minute, tread water a half minute, standing dive from edge, surface dive, side stroke for form, elementary back stroke for form, and one other form stroke.
This year is to be spent in working for a watei* carnival which the girls hope to give in the spring. A party with the Dolphin Club will be one of the features of the year. Officers for the year 1937-38 are: president, Georgia Walker; vicepresident, Barbara Roderick; secretary, Saxon Showalter; and treasurer, Nancy Phillips.
Disputed Territory Emblazoned On Envelope Fronts Makes War Crisis
By Dorothea Justin
War over a postage stamp! That is the phenomenon of which Luis de Bayles, engineering student from Nicaragua, Central America, tells. The tale is involved, and investigation seems to show the postage stamp isn’t the only cause of the strife between Hondurfis and Nicaragua. When the two countries gained their independence from Spain, boundary disputes between the two neighbors began, Finally the proposition of ownership was put up to the king of Spain. He gave Hon-
duras a large slice of territory up till then considered Nicaraguan.
Honduras thought that king a wise and able man. Nicaragua decried his decision, and kept on clinging to the land. Disputes continued unabated.
Recently Nicaragua issued a stamp of Central America showing the disputed territory unowned by either country. Honduras protested vigorously, and sent troops into that land. War is imminent—conditions precipitated by the publication of a dinky little postage stamp.
Andre Kostelanetz’ orchestra will appear on a new Chesterfield cigarette program every Wednesday evening at 8 o’clock, C.S.T. A guest star will be presented each week. This new program is in addition to the Alice Faye-Hal Kemp Friday night show from Hollywood, and the Eddie Dooley-Paul Douglas last minute football news on Thursday and Saturday.
Rush captains were to turn in written invitations to the council following Saturday’s teas. Rushees would call for them in the Union Sunday. But during the teas, accoraing to our reports, the Kappas and Thetas verbally invited select freshmen women to one of this week’s rush dinners. Upon learning that these groups had “jumped the gun,” other sororities called for a Pan-Hellenic meeting, of representatives from all organizations, to take penal ac-
tion.
Plaintiffs Open Fire The plaintiffs opened fire in Panhellenic court, conducted in room F
dinners Tuesday (this) evening. The council resolved that the entire matter be kept secret. President Jarrett indicated a very heated session of the council was in prospect when she refused this reporter admittance to yesterday’s meeting with the statement, “We might say something we don’t want repeated outside this room.” Jarrett Won’t Talk Miss Jarrett refused to divulge any information concerning the purpose and results of yesterday’s session at its close. “We resolved to keep what we de-
cided in the sororities,” she said,
of the Union Building after 4 p. m.' are enforcing Pan-Hellenic’s
yesterday, with the proposal that the culprits be deprived of their most imi^ortant rush dinner—tomorrow night, preceding Thursday’s announcement of sorority prefer-
ences by the rushees.
A vote on the question resulted in a 3-3 split. Alpha Xi Delta going over to the Kappas and Thetas, with Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, and Pi Beta Phi on the offensive. The two rule-breaking sororities countered with’ the suggestion that monetary fines be slapped on them, but the proposal was vetoed. Agree on On “Compromise” After considerable haranguing a “compromise” was agreed upon to the effect that the Kappas and the Thetas lose their right to give rush
rules, but we don’t want it made public. If it were published in the Exponent it would certainly become public. “It isn’t campus news; it is sorority news. We decided in meeting not to make any stateemnts. We’ll keep it in the sororities.” At 12:45 this morning President Jarrett phoned in to the Exponent office, “The Pan-Hellenic Council will not approve any story that is sent in or printed about the action that was taken this afternoon.”
CagyEds Seek Da tes For Ann ual Dance; Beware Co-eds^ Ills Your Night To Howl
By Yvonne Price
Hear ye! Hear ye! Wake up all ye lads and lassies. ’Tis time for one more of those famous dances. Introducing to you. Gold Diggers of 1937! This, my friends, is the night when the boys do the “Gold Digging.” Perhaps it will also prove whether the old saying holds true, “all gold diggers aren’t girls!” Just a hint—^this dance is two weeks from Friday. The eds seem to have a bad habit of unintentionally asking for dates for that night. Of course, they have no idea it is co-ed bid night. Bright idea, isn’t it? Girls have been saving pennies for weeks just to have enough money to show the eds who’s a “good sport.” A word of warning—please don’t eat too much. After all, even pennies are limited. We refuse to tell the name of the orchestra who will swing the rhythms. It may be Freddie Martin or Wayne King. Just keep on at the guessing game—something to look forward to. This, dear eds, is the night when you are called for, escorted to the dance, have your compacts carried —and stuff—and when midnight tolls out, you are supposedly in the fold of Heavilon Hall. If not, chicken to you! Then comes the flowers^—beauti-
ful little numbers that look like orchids, only ’tis a terrible disappointment to find that they are only crepe paper. To add the haunting fragrance, add one full ten-cent bottle of perfume. There is always a Napoleon. He enters with a floral wreath upon his head, resembling some pious creature of the old Crusades—niqe creation for a Purdue ed. Lilies and pansies really are more suitable. ‘Nuff has been said about the co-ed bid. More will come later pertaining to tickets, time, and transportation. So to you, my fair eds, just hope you’ll get a bid to the dance. After all, your chances are one out of five.
Mortar Board Actives Will
Give Alumnae Breakfast
Active members of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will give a breakfast for alumnae on next Saturday morning, at 9 o’clock, in the reception room of the Memorial Union. Jeanne Janousek will have charge of this homecoming reunion. After the breakfast Margaret Richey will preside at the meeting of the alumnae and actives when there will be a guest speaker.
Rushees Attend Second Group Of Sorority Dinners
The first of a series of three informal dinners for rushees began last night at the six sorority houses. Tonight the second group of dinners will be held for another group at the sorority houses. Alpha Chi Omega sorority served dinner at their house last night for rushees. The dinner was informal with candlesticks and a centerpiece of autumn flowers for decoration. The committee in charge was Betty Zaff, chairman, and Mary Alexander, Dorothy Bryant, Juanita Julian, Louise Daniel and Neva Ficke as committeemen. Cue Holden is president of the sorority. Prances Eastburn, rush chaii*man and Miss Bei'tha Ginn, house moth-
Members of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority entertained last ni^ht at the chapter house with an Italian dinner. Food characteristic of the country carried out the Italian motif. The house was made festive with garden flowers. Mrs. Eleanor Eisenbach, Kappa alumna, assisted Louise Bain, rush chairman, in planning the dinner. Last night the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority gave their informal dinner using autumn as their theme of decoration. Twenty girls attired in short dinner dresses were “dined and wined” with a gala array of •vegetables, fruits, colored leaves and rust colored candles as a centerpiece. Betty Hiner was in charge of the dinnez*. Monday evening, 5:39, at the Pi (Continued on page 3)
4 KHttH^Si
m
I' '
mi- %>■;
•|| I, i'l
: I:
vi til
■Jyvr::‘ & '■ r'#-
1®^
t
tt''
I
THE POBDUfi EXPONENT
Tuesday# October 5, 1937
Pan-Hellenic Does Something Yesterday afternoon the Women’s PanHellenic Council made history. The organization graduated from a meek, evil-accept-ing and spineless body to a determined and what might be termed resourceful governing group. The meeting was called to discuss some flagrant violations of rush rules which were advanced in a formal complaint by some of the sororities represented on the council. Each year, since the so called “delayed rush” system went into effect, some sororities have taken advantage of their sister organizations and violated the spirit of the rules. These violations were carried a bit further this year and the letter of the law was violated as well as the spirit. In former years such violations were passed over by the PanHellenic Council with nothing more than a mild reprimand of “Don’t do it next year !” to the guilty sorority. The guilty party always protested that it had not understood the rules and therefore could not be criticized for violating them. In this manner the guilty sorority or sororities “got off” with nothing more than a rebuke and a threat. The failure of this method of dealing with violations became evident when it was pointed out that the same sororities were violating the rules each year. Each year they committed the same offenses, and each year they received nothing more for their bad deportment than a mild “Tut, tut, don’t do it again, or momma will spank,” from the Pan-Hellenic Council. But the story was different this year. Through the spirited leadership of certain
members of the Council, punishments, were meted out to two sororities guilty of violating the rush rules. They were deprived of the privilege of putting on a rush dinner one night during the legal rushing period. We commend the Council for this action, not because we hold any grudge against the guilty sororities, but because we feel that an orderly and fair co-ed rush can be conducted only-when all of the sororities live up to the rules. All of the sororities will live up to the rules when each one realizes that a violation will bring sure punishment instead of a weak warning. We realize that there will still be violations, but also believe that the Council has taken a step in the right direction... Next time the punishment it metes out may be more severe. Next time the sororities may think twice before violating a rule. There is. absolutely no reasoii for having rules if those rules are not enforced. Pleading ignorance of a rule as an excuse for violation is not acceptable in a court of law; why should it be on Purdue’s campus ? If the Pan-Hellenic Council continues to act as decisively and as concertedly as it did yesterday, we believe it will be but a short time before it has the difficult problem of managing women’s rush well in hand. EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
the Purdue Exponent Founded in 1889 represented for national ADVERTlSlNa BY f^socisted @0lk9iateliatioiiaiMwertisingService,!^ ^ IK'-—- College Publishers Reiiresenlative IfiwUwileDiOfSl 420 Madison Ave. New y6rk, N, Y. KAOtSOM WISCOKSM CHICAGO - BOSTOH - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO Editorial Phone 5037 OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5038 Lafayette, Indiana Campus Subscriptions $3 per year Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ....... R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller This newspaper ig written, edited, and published by Entered as second class matter at the post office in undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opin- Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in and do not necessarily coincide with the official University authorized Jan. 20, 1922. viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi- Published daily except Monday during the regular aca-tor-in-chief. demic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff . . a* flP ASSISTANT’^BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Editorial Staff » , * , x. . ox « Local Advertising Staff MANAGING EDITOR. J. E. Brock LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.— R. R. Hensler ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, National Advertising Staff C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. R. Vance NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff Co-ed Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER : .....M. C. Reeves Sports Staff CO-ED EDITOR -—- ........Elizabeth Pyke SPORTS EDITOR.. R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, ASSOCIATE EDITORS.........J. S. Brown, R. -L. McDonald, Sally McKee., . ■ B. D. Witwer. NIGHT EDITOR. ...‘..Vance Tuesday, October 5 ISSUE EDITOR...... Loveridge
Well, chums, here we are back after a hectic week-end at Columbus^—and was it a rodent race of the first water? The Hotel Desher swarmed with Boilermakers all in various stages of getting blotto. Delts and Sigs were all over the place. And whom should we spot but Our old chum Judy Jones, last year’s Prom Queen. She transferred to Ohio St^te—better looking eds. It seems that several of the boys got very playful Saturday night. A member of one of our frats rapidly started to uncoil a fire hose on the eighth level. He took the thing down, down—clear down to the 4th floor. It also seems that the house dick rounded the corner at this lovely moment. The rest of the boys beat it back upstairs and turned on the water full blast. We swear we’ve never seen so much water on the 4th floor of a hotel. The house dick and our boy friend tore upstairs to shut the damn flow off—-but when they reached the last flight, a fire extinguisher met them full in the face, A beautiful time was had by all-trying to get out of that mess. why does it take so long to get served at the Girll ? After so many years at this hellhole, it seems to us that lil peterson ought to make her crew snap to— Happened into the blazer t’other nite and asked an impartial bystander who that gal was there. “Why, don’t you know her? That’s Evie Ruth, she lives here.’’ Funny wot a hot summer sun will do to a little romancing. What broke
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Confound it, Snodgrass—^how do you expect this to record that distant earthquake while you’re eating peanut brittle?”
up WINNIE GREGORY and Beta BILL TROYER who were going everywhere together ? Now they hardly speak. Who is the lucky one. RemembeT when the WPA workers were working oh the Union addition? Remember the air-conditioned plumbing unit they had right across from the old alfaki barn? What ever happened to that little streamlined shooter? And why isn’t it,in the rear of their new place. Maybe the lam-chis are particular what they have to look at on arising every moaning.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Chapter Two
Dear Editor: May I submit, herewith, CHAPTER II “STICKS AND STONES MAY BREAK MY BONES—”
or
“A YOUNG PUPPY DOG YELPS BACK” . When I wrote my first chapter to the Exponent, it never occurred to me that I would be called upon to prove any of the statements contained therein. Those statements were based on my own experiences a:nd observations which I supposed had been no more extensive than those of any person of Purdue University calibre, especially of an oldster like Mr. Mueller. Perhaps I made an erroneous assumption.
First, Mr. Mueller, instead of trying to refute all of your vigorous statements, I’ll just consider them as coming from a person who has not had a chance to “get around,!’ and suggest, that as soon as you get a chance, you take a trip to some city, away from your native Lafayette or West Lafayette, such as In
dianapolis or Chicago.
What surprises await you! Tall buildings, courteous police officers, and, of all things, wide streets. Streets so wide that street cars, buse.s, and automobiles can all pass' one another even while cars are parked along the curb. Would you
believe it ?
I think that both Mr. Mueller and Mr. Davis have misinterpreted my first reference to Lafayette. I didn’t dwell on the prosperity of the gity but rather on its “wdrld fame,” as the Chamber of Commerce would put it. However, as regards their mispointed retaliations I would suggest that they look up theater attendance figures and street-car passenger statistics, for comparative months, such as April apd August, to determine if the University contributes anything to the Lafayette business houses. Now in the matter of the police force of Lafayette: I believe that a marked increase in its efficiency could be noted on the same
budgetary allowances by choosing fewer and better men, and by. concentrating their efforts on cleaning up the vice and crime which runs rampant in “downtown” Lafayette, instead of wasting their time patroling the suburban outlets of town —-exerting their authority on the poor innocent student hitch-hiker or the unsuspecting out-of-town mo-
torist.
The stories which have such a wide circulation concerning the lack of courage and gray matter in the present and past Lafayette police forces are a disgrace to the citizen-
ry of Lafayette.
As regards the possible incorrectrtess of my grammatical, construction, I believe Mr, Mueller will save editorial space and time if he will just consult one of the larger Webster dictionaries before raising such a question. ! Mr. Whippersnapper, (H. W. Anold, Ch. E. ’38)
Letters to the editoi^ must be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s signatures. Uniess otherwise requested, the author’s name wiil be pubiished with his ietter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will he held in strict confidence. The Exponent assuptes no responsibility for the
opinions voiced herein.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
Ads are taken in Room E of the Purdue Memorial Union on a cash basis only.
FREE TICKET
FOR PURDUE NIGHT
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY hiding io tame!
-mmTODAY AND WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
TONY MARTIN LEAH RAY in “Sing and Be Happy” —Plus FRANCHOT TONE VIRGINIA BRUCE IN “Between Two Women’
FmAv A fW, oCTOBfR 8,1, TWO BROADCASTS ' P.M. ond 9;30 P M ■ •
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWI
MAm TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY BETTE DAVIS HENRY FONDA
IHE audience VwIt*?® O'’ THe SHOW-S, L student ticket hlow FRniM ^OHFlSrON
TODAY-TOMORROW BOUBLE FEATURE
A rollicking comedy with music! — Plus — JOAN CRAWFORD WALTER HUSTON Guy Kibbee Wm. Gargan in RAIN
'n
>1
M
i"|r * ■ 5^ € ( »!. I ^ <’ *(; 4 ^ x’' '
V -'? J )!■( Y' '<4i-,:;' .«■«
Tuesday, October 5, 1937
THE POBDUE EX^NENT
Bodeau’s First Place Fails To Win Meet For Purdue
Art Bodeau, veteran Boilermaker trackman, led the field home in the -cross country meet with Pittsburgh last Saturday, but the Gold and Black team could do no better than second place in the final scoring. The Panthers’ score totaled 34, to Purdue’s 21. Following Bodeau were three Pitt men before another Boilermaker could be found, and second, third, and fourth places, coupled with the sixth and tenth were enough to give the Panther’s the -winning total. The other Boilermakers that finished in the first ten point counting positions were Knapp m fifth place, Marozick seventh, Long eighth, and Bell, ninth. / Coach Harmon Phillips had little to say about the meet, other than that the course was not exactly to his liking. The entire four and a quarter miles were up hill and down with practically no level ground to give the boys some rest.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY—4:15 P. E. Johnson vs. Woodson or Billings. / Kosowicz vs. Brodsky. H. W. Anderson vs. Blitz Douglas vs. Tillson Curry vs. L. W. Meyer or Monger ‘"Baugh vs. Alston or Campbell
FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Vaughn vs. Bloom Powell vs. Curry Darrow vs. Brockman or Fleming Underwood vs. Hargesheimer.
Seniors, Freshmen Lead Other Classes In Round Robin Meet First round competition in the round robin track tourney, was run off yesterday in the broad jump and 440 yard relay, with the freshman and senior teams Ay^J^ing. The broad jump was held with four men competing for each team and the composite distance of these four men being considered. ^ The freshmen beat the sophomores with a total of 78 feet % inches to the soph’s 72 feet 2% inches. The ’38 grads dropped the junior team -virith 76 feet 10% inches to the third year men's 75 feet 5 inches. Verink of the freshman team looked very good in covering 22 feet 1% inches on one of his leaps. To prove that this was not just an accident, he jumped close to 23 feet while competing in high schoo^ meets. In the 440 yard relay, the seniors stepped the distance in 46 seconds flat to beat out the juniors for the second time. The frosh also gained another victory in whipping the sophomores in 47.5 seconds, thus making the score two victories and no defeats for both the freshman and the senior teams. ' The same two events will be used in the tourney for the other two matches of each, team in the first round today and tomorrow. A total of nine events will be run off before the meet is finished.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
A GOOD BED After a Hard Ride Pleases Every Traveler.
SPECIAL SPRINGS and Scientifically Designed f Innercoil Spring MATTRESSES Give Restful Slumber IN THE UNION
YOUR GUESTS Will Appreciate Your Thoughtfulness If You MAKE RESERVATIONS THE UNION CLUB JhSL fijuJidusL lAnimL Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
Issue Call For Sophomore Baseball Mgr. Candidates Applications for sophomore managerial positions may be made any day this week between 4 and 5 p. m. Applicants should report to W. E. Perry, senior manager, at the practice baseball diamond on the north end of Intramural Field. Sophomore and junior work consists largely of equipment maintenance. The system of advancement consists of choosing four members from ^ the sophomore group to become junior managers. One of these juniors will then be elected to the senior position the following year. I Co-ed Rifle Shooters To PradiceOnOdoberll All girls interested in riflery are requested by Dons Christianson to come out to the first practice to be held on October 11. Doris Christianson, who IS in charge of the W. A. A. riflery, announced that cards giving the ward numbers will be se'nt out to unorganized girls and those in small house groups. These wards are organized for inter-group competition. There will be eight weeks for practice. Seven practices are required of each girl in order to compete in the intramural tournament starting eight weeks from October 11. Practices will be held in the large Women’s Gym during the evening. Notices will be published in the Exponent concerning time.
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 , Diamond 1— Ward llA vs. Ward 2. 2— Ward 13 vs. Cary Hall 3. 3— —Ward 10 vs. Cary Hall 4. 4— Ward 11 vs. Ward 8. 5— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 6— Ward lOX vs. Ward 9. 7— Ward 6 'vs. Ward 7. 8— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. 9— Beta Theta Pi vs. Faculty. 10— Ward 4 vs. Cary Hall 1. 11— Ward 5 vs. Cary Hall 2. 12— Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha'Gamma Rho. 13— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 14— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 16—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Xi
Grid Squad Placed On Diet Of Fundamentals ’ i Following OhidLo^s Back on a diet of fundamentals following the setback at the hands of Ohio State, the Purdue football team is busy preparing for the big homecoming game with Carnegie Tech here Saturday. Despite the loss Saturday as the result of intercepted passes, nothing can be said against the Boilermakers’ defensive line play. Four times in the first half the Purdue team made great goal line stands to turn back Ohio’s power. The Buckeye game may prove more costly than the mere loss of a game, as Don Powell, veteran pass snatching senior, suffered a badly dislocated deft shoulder that is expected to keep him on the sidelines for at least three weeks. Two promising sophomore wingmen, Wendell Britt and Stanley Thursby are being groomed to step into the opening. “Ohio State unquestionably has a great eleven,’’ said Coach Mai Elward in commenting on the game. “However in justice to our own boys it must be remembered that the Buckeyes had more than twice as much time to prepare for the game than we had, and were from two to three weeks further advanced on both offense and deftense. They were playing mid-season ball, and we were just starting. I was particularly pleased with the spirit of the Purdue squad. ‘Sixty minute’ players may be defeated, but they’re nevey licked.” Carnegie Tech showed signs of powe^- in its loss, 18-14, to N. Y. U. Saturday, and can be expected to provide plenty of headaches, as is its usual way. Two years ago the Tech team took the Boilermakers for a ride, and were only nosed out 7-6 last year. Patronize Exponent Advertisers'
GRIFFIN'S SHOP STOP IN FOR Caramel Crisp Salted Peanuts Ho-Made Candies Buttered Popcorn Shelled Corn 640 Main . East Side
ANDY VARIPAPA World^s Most Sensational Bowler IN PERSON AT THE ^ Lafayette Bowling Alleys EXHIBITION AT 9:15 P. M. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5 ADMISSION 50c
University Calendar
—TODAY Agricaltural Extensioli: Meeting at 1 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building ballroom, faculty lounge and rooms 1 and 2. Dinner at 6:15 p. m. in ballroom. Farm Security Administration: Meeting at 10 a. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Forestry Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room 109 of the Horticulture Bifilding. PIA Cabaret Party: Tower room of the Upion at 7 p. m. Student Senate: Meeting in room C . of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. —TOMORROW— Agricultural Extension: Meeting at 8 a. m. in the Memorial Union Building, faculty lounge and rooms 1 and 2. Browsing Room: Meeting at 7:30 p, m. in Union faculty lounge. Farmer’s Institute: Dinner at 6:15 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Horticulture Club: Meeting at 7 p. m. in room 202 of the Horticulture Building. —THURSDAY— Agricullural Extension: Meeting at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Meetings at 10 a. m. in the Memorial Union Building reception toom, faculty lounge, and rooms 1 and 2. Banquet at 6:15 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Alumni Affairs Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. }n room B of the Union. Kappa Psi: Smokei^ at 7 p. m. in the Union reception room. Musical Lecture: Illustrated musical lecture at 7:30 p. m. in the Union Music Room. Touchball Practice Games To Proceed Tournament Play Interfraternity touchball, one of the major sports of the intramural department, will get under way very shortly^ Practice games will Ue scheduled between the various fratei nities starting next week and will continue through that week and the early part of the next before tournament games are started. Those fraternities not among the top eight in the softball tournament that ends this week, will be scheduled for practice touchball games first, with those in the softball finals having practice games a little later. Since only 16 games can be played on the intramural field in one night, it will take at least two nights to run off a single round of touchball, and the houses witli softball teams still playing will not get behind in practice. “Chief” Clevett has announced that he would like for any persons not playing touchball, who wish to referee the games, to sign up at the intramural office. Those who referee the games will pe paid 50 cents per contest.
WIN IN
PHILIP MORRIS FOOTBALL SCORECAST 1000 PHILIP MORRIS CIGARETTES PREDICT THESE SCORES Purdue vs. Carnegie Tech Northwestern vs. Michigan
DO THIS Write your forecast of both gomes on o Philip Morris wrapper and drop in a ballot box of Deoc's, ^^^hworth's BortletVs, The Sweet Shop/^^X3ur fraternity or sorority Epter os many os you wish separate Philip Morris Vroppers.' Boxes will be cleared Friday—preceding the games and the winners announced in Thursday's Exponent. Be sure to list your name, address, and affiliation on each ballot entered
WIN THESE 1000 PHILIP MORRIS cigarettes free to each person correctly forecasting the exact score of both games scheduled Ip the event no exact forecasts bre made the nearest entrant will receive 1000 Philip Morris cigarettes 200 PHILIP MORRIS cigarettes free to every person correctly forecasting the score of either game and the winners of both games. 50 PHILIP MORRIS cigarettes free to every person correctly forecasting the score of either game
GROUP PRIZES ON DISPLAY IN DEAC’S WINDOW THIS WEEK
Powell, Senior Wiiqiinii, Out Of Play For 3 Weeks With Dislocated Elbow Probably the saddest man on the campus yesterday was Don Powell, senior end on the Boilermaker gridiron squad, who was told that he will be out of harness for 3 weeks as a result of the injury to his arm received in Saturday’s encounter with Ohio State. Powell’s ai-m was thrown out of place at the elbow when he made a hard tackle near the end of the third quarter, and today was swollen to twice its regular size. For the past two years Powell’s play has been among the most dependable on the squad and" his absence will RO\A/^ be sadly noted. In the meantime Stanley Thursby, last year’s winner of the watch awarded to the most improved frosh player, and Wendell Britt, sophomore end, are being groomed to hold down the position until Powell’s return.
GOLF FINALS TODAY Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Rushees Attend Second Of Sorority Dinners (Continued from page 1)
Beta Phi sorority house was the scene of fun and frolic in the form of a carnival given for the rushees. Paper money was given them to pay for their food and afterwards a program was presented to them. Included on this program were Bernice Baugh, pianist; Louise Edwards, readings; Eleanor Turner and Dorothy Smiley, kids’ dance team. Martha Wood was in charge of the evening’s events. Chi Omega entertained 32 rushees at an informal dinner last night at their house. The sorority colors of cardinal and straw were carried out in decorations of candles and flowers. Marion Groves, the rush chairman, was in charge of the program. I Maxine Brossart, Madge Neimeyer, and Georgia Elliott were in charge of the Alpha Xi Delta rush dinner last night. The candles and candlesticks on the tables emphasized the double blue and gold colors of the sorority. The official flowers, Columbia roses added interest to the candlesticks. Mrs. Harry Mahin, Mrs. Rarier Pigman, Mrs. C. O. Cromer, and Miss Sylvia Mills of the alumnae chapter assisted with the Alpha Xi dinner.
Emrkk Names New Band Officers For Semester' (Continued from page 1)
M. E., Indianapolis, Ind.; Sergeant in charge of chair and rack detail, L. F. McNeill, Jr. E. E., Racine, Wis.; Sergeant in charge of music detail, C. A. Heidbreder, So. M. E., Quincy, 111.; Sergeant in charge of quarters details, A. R. Schleicher, Jr. M. E., East Orang^, N. J.; Sergeant in charge of supply detail, J. O. Ballard, Jr. Ag., Marion, Ind. Corporal of big drum detail, (in chai’ge), J. P. Reed, So. Eng., Ridgefield Park, N. J.; Corporal of equipment detail, J. R. Wood, So. C. E., Farmersburg, Ind.; Corporal of equipment detail, D. E. Hartley, So. Sc., Columbus, Ind.; Corporal of chair and rack detail, K. T. Hilberg, So. Eng., Michigan City, Ind.; Corporal of music detail, J. T. Agnew, So. Ch. E., Lafayette, Ind.; Coi*poral of quarters detail, J. L. Hackleman, So. Ag., Connersville, Ind. Corporal of supply detail. C, E. Widell, So. Eng., Chicago, 111.; Corporal of big drum detail, R. W. Bonner, So. Eng., Monroe City, Ind.; Principal field trumpeter, M. D. Wykoff; First field trumpeter, P. E. Harris, So. Eng., Hagestown, Ind,; Second field trumpeter, E. L. Arm'strong, So. Eng., Princeton, Ind.; Field trumpeter, W. R. Woodwat-d* Fr. Eng., Detroit, Mich.; Field trumpeter, M. L. Pinkerton, Pr. Eng., Lafayette, Ind.1
■i I k.
.4 li »>
a
THE PURDUE EXPONEJOT
Tuesday. October 5, 1937
SPORTS WORK SCHEDULE Tuesday—Blown, junior, Qualls, Collins, Sheeks, Bo>\n sopbomoies, Ganzer, Dolan, Dotv, Skelton, Van Hook, fieshmen Wednesday— McDonald lunioi, Tillson, sophomore. Chase Dolan, Colhners, fieshmen Thuisday—Bioyn lumoi, Sodei stioni Qualls Jenkins Bonn soph omoies, Ganzei, Weijola, Doty, freshmen Fiiday—Wituei pmioi, Jenkins, Tillson, Collins, HebBelei, sopho moies, Weijola Collings, Skelton, f 1 eshmen Satuida\ — Witwer, junioi, Sheeks sophonioies. Van Hookv fieshman Ain one not listed above who has signed up loi sports woik should leave his schedule at the Exponent office 11
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, puichased, rented, and lepaiied Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Mam street
LOST—RED Paikei fountain pen in M E Building Satuiday Re ward Kottnauei, phone 35293 121 Fowlei
FOR RENT—Single oi double loom 422 N Sahsbuiy Ph 2904
FOR RENT—Room foi two stu dents No othei students in house Call 35682
WANTED—Roommate for senioi M E in laige fiont loom 351 State stieet Phone 46784
FOR RENT—Double loom foi men students Acioss fiom the Delta Chi house 352 Noithwestein
WANTED—To rent oi buy—copy of A S H V & E Guide, 1935 edi tion 01 latei Call Aldiich 51442
FOR RENT — One half double loom Single bed Rent $9 122 Piei ce
University Students The following students are to report to the Student Health Service immediately Betty Alfred Mona Balcom Ins Banta Lenore Foster Geraldine Garner Thelma Goodman Martha Hendeison Patricia Heuring Helen Harper Kathleen Jewitt Maiy Jane Layloi Marv E Mather Marjorie Moore Louise Newsom Ruth Osborne Grace Reinhart Virginia Ruddy Dorothy Schilling Betty Soehner Edith Smith Ruth Thelen Mar garct Voung Ruth Yoke Donald Nau Emra Nay Raymond New man A S Niespodziany J E O Brien James R Ogden Edward O Reilly Rodney Ormiston Robert Ortman Robert Ostheim er James Overtree C E Packard John Papurea Richard Paul Paul Pauline N A Phelps Ralph Phillips Charles Plank Biuno Polifroni Robert Potter Lorene Proudfit William Punnell Bernhrd Raish Robert Ralston C H Rechenbach Trevor Reiley Richard Rhodes J G Richaids Robert Riley William Rob son Samuel Rosebraugh Louis Rossire Stewart Ruch C E Ruppert Linus Ruth Harry Schaefer D Reese Scobee John A Scott William Scott C G Scott John Scribbins William E Scherrer Schulenborg Malvin Schulz Robert Schwmdler Habbie SMaraa David Shannon Robert Sigler Ralph Sinisk William Skelton E P Slick Harold Smallen Clenden Smiley Linton Smith Gadae Soloff Ralph Sperry William Steffens Russell Stephenson Wesley Stevens John Stevenson Victor Stine John Stine rock Richard Strahl Earl Streifthau FI mer H Stuckey Robert Stull John L Taylor Roderic Taylor William r Taylor Kenneth Thayer Robert Theard Carroll Tompson William Thompson E E Tribbett James Turley Thomas J Turner William Van Arsdol AithuJ- Von Glahn Frederick Verink Robert Vificent Robert Wachst Merle Weatherly Jack Webb Robert Wente James Wetheiell Ron aid Wilson A B Williamson J H Win chell William Woffman Benjamin I Wood hull Charles N Woodhull Donald Wood ward Delmer Wright Fraser Wright Thomas Wynne Bruce Yates Fred Young John Zajec Oliver Zittel —MILLER
W A A Hockey Sophomores and seniors piactice on Mondays and Wednesdays at 4pm freshmen and juniors on Tues days and Thursdays open practice on Fri days —DOBSON
Representatives From Women’s Residence Houses Meet in W S G A office on Octo ber 5 at 4 p m —BEAMING
Catalyst Club All members place your nominations for pledges in voting box in Dr Lovell s office Nominations can come from senior membeis only and must be in by October 11 —BOWMAN
Medical Examination Workers Students who worked at legistration physical ex aminations may get their pay checks at the Student Health Seivice —MILLER
Exponent Freshmen The following men will meet in the Exponent office (room E) in the Union at 4 p m October 8 foi in stiuction and assignments Baker Barker Beer Blocker Connolley DeBayle Fournier Gaddis Grass Green wood Gregory Heiple Hendeier Johnson Lobson Lowe Lower McKee Maudlin Meieis Meyer Middleton Morgan Musser Robson Ross Steeniod Strickland Van Hook Thompson Walton Wetsel Wheelei Williams Wunderlich Yates —BROCK
Union Sophomores The following art the v ce presidents committees for this semes ter Harper—Kirk Dinkins David Hartman C
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR HAROLD J RISK DR ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students 527 Mam Phone 5432
— Locksmith — “C» CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals an^ Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Mam, W. L.
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Dine
fijudiiL DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U S 52 at- Lindbergh l^oad — Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Mam c^nd Sixth Sts,
i’’"" E Jackman R E Culfaert Fred Hallett John D Hardin W H Murray C E Grieat D W Sweetman Cabonarg!—W M Curtis R W Brown R P McConnell Ji H Bowling R C Henry A B Copeland J M Martin J Mussen B L Page Millholland J Messmore R Recktenwall C Morrison J R Bowen R C Kany W P Schaefer J J O Malley, J N Rice W O MeWorkman Mason—W F George B G Malcolm J E Dailey K W Kuebler J A Rich ardson R E Stradling P D Rensenhouse B Bobbitt Bratten Garland—R B Reed J W Ashton L G Diabing Peterson Stewart H W Heubner H C Schryver A J Golden G W Kuhn W R Ourand Taylor—C V Lutz C P Pati ick J A Lindcman P D Lewis P T Coopei J B Wright H D Pogue R C Gamier L C Hill Matthews—G McCoy D L Brubeck A M Belfield J I Saltzstein C E Kramer F B Hartman K Kelble H N Jones Samelson—J Williamson C C Coan R O Sheckell R H Moninger D Meyers R A Lynch D Stapleton C W Heady R DeMars Jacobson—W Restenwall C F Ruppert J E Kerwin B Gobeille J P McGrath A R Coinell W W McElyea R Nor quest H Mayerhofei J A Laish —PUTZE
A S AI E All engineers interested in oining A S M E sign up in G A Young’s office —CLUTTER Scrivener Club Meeting in room F of the Memoiial Union Building at 8 p m Octobei 6 Bring receipts and any collec tions —FELDMAN Lafayette Philatelic Society The weekly meeting will be held in the Tippecanoe County Histoiical Society looms on Octo ber 6 at 7 30 p m —MILLER
Union Workers All committees not work ing now report to alumni office at 4 p m October 5 —SHEETS
Sigma Delta Chi Meeting at 8 p m October 6 in peasant room of the Memorial Union Buildingi It is imperative that every member be present —FORSTER Foresters Turn all tickets and money in to Seifert by October 6 Tickets may be procuied at the Steak Fry —WALTER Bowlers Will all bowleis who paitici pated in the Puidue Merchants league last
year or anyone else interested this year please meet at the Acacia house at 7 p m October 6 -GARTEN
Debris Salesmen—Meeting of all salesmen in the Debris pffice at 4 o clock October 6 -j-SIEBENTHAL
W A A Tennis The following games must be played by October 9 Rumann vs Swift Sexton vs Meiritt Heeter vs De moret Swiick vs Thc|mas, Walker vs Stocker Owen vs Mather Kesler vs Ren dall Schilling vs Morris Anderigg vs Beck Jackson vs Petticrew Spry vs Bax ter and Meyer vs Davidson See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents / —JENKINS
W A A Tennis The scores for the following matches must be in by 8 o clock October 5 Bryant vs DeWitt Stephenson vs Buits field Hal Ian vs Soehner Dygeit vs Ten dti —JENKINS Radio Club Meeting in the Memorial Un
ion Building loom A, October B at 7 P m —LIP PM AN
Dairy Club First regular meeting at 7 p m in room 112 of Smith Hall —SIEBENTHAL
PlayshoiJ Production Board The following please call the Pi Kappa Alpha house for their Varsity Show tickets October 6 or 6 Beth McCool Marian Learning Kitty Cromer and Maitha Gillespie —GLOVER Sophomore Union Workers Will the members of our committees meet in the Union office at 4 p m October 6 —HARPER CROSSMAN GAR! AND SAMUELSON
Sophomore Union Workers Will mem hers of our committees meet in the workroom at 9 o clock October 6 —TAYLOR CABONARGI JACOBSON
Industrial Education Students Supper meeting in Union cafeteria October 6 at 5 46 p m Election of officers of Indus tiial Education Society afterwards —MOORE
Is the Manager In?
9f
Purdue Flying Club Ship is now avail able for flying at any time Make ap pointments with Capt Aretz —DOSTAL
Student Senate Meeting Octobei o at 7 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building —ROHYANS
W S G A Judicial Board Meeting at 7 15 p m October 6 in W S G A of fice —SLOCUM
Gilder Club Meeting October 6 at 30 p m in loom A of the Memoiial Union Building All back dues must be paid at this time! —MOORE
P I A All Intel ested in enrolling in dance class call at PI A office fiom 4 to 6 30 p m any day until October 9 —CLYMER
P I A Members Those who forfeited their membership cards please call at P I A office October 7 between 4 and 6pm —PABKHURST Ceres—Meeting October 5 at 7 30 in the Union Building 7EIGLER
/ The minute you make that expression "all eyes are upon you". Your personal appearance is scrutinized. Get the habit of having your clothes Crown Cleaned often and ready for any emergency.
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WIST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
SMTURDAY EVENING POST tMs
week
Who is your
l • *** hini tponia^ ,,
• • V A.venMe
Vead a
Ol ftSd o'^erflaa ondCawl. ew'od'd |,ad rvT.<-fe<!
MOF/f
^AKIS a
studio an,,
are ^ tatp„
Introducing H. J. Lutcher Stark, Texas Football Angel, The Man With The Million-Dollar Hobby... H e brought Nebraska’s famed Dana X. Bible to coach football at Texas at triple the salary of the highest-paid professor... gave $100,000 towards a giant stadium . . . sp^nt $2000 for band umforrhs. . . laid out $100,000 for needy students and football players... and is happy to buy his own tickets to the games. Meet the ideal alumnus, the man who never keeps any record of his gifts or ^Qg^jis, the Santa Claus of the Southwest. Archangel and His Bible by KENNETH FOREE, JR.
-Pci I
by
Street’
O'
Jones
. the same msoe
l^niO i» tne ^ .a to! Cametov^ Bradford Stor* Visible ^eans ^^eBioeraptiV mts of
latest novel ^
^ GOrti..,
If you haven't received your copy of “1937 Football Schedules,” showing new rule changes, this vear’s ^ and 1936 scores of 119 leading colleges, ask at the business office of the paper publishing this advertisement’