Volume . 5 L No. 76
Tuesday, December 12, 1939
Dr. Lillian GUbreth Will Speak Tonight To YWCA Diners Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, of the General Engineering department, will be the guest speaker at the YWCA student-faculty dinner tonight at, 6 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Special guests for the evening will be the organization's Advisory Board, of which Mrs. P. B, Knight is the president. The Board will be entertained by the YWCA cabinet members and the faculty will be the guests of the club’s members. The purpose of the dinner is to strengthen social relations between the students and faculty, and to enable the members to become better acquainted with the Advisory Board. Similar dinners have been held on other campuses, but this is the first time the YWCA has sponsored one here. According to Ruth Wattleworth, chairman of the social committee, in charge of the dinner, approximately 80 people will be present.
Weber Will Discuss Aniflial Husbandry At Hoof, Horn Meet Hoof an(l Horn, animal husbandry club, will gather this evening in room 118 of Ag-Hall at 7:30 to hear Prof. A. D. Weber, of the animal husbandry department of Kansas State College, discuss and compare the Animal Husbandry departments of the two schools, and farm-, ing and beef cattle in Kansas and Indiana. Prof. Weber is noted for his knowledge of beef cattle, and last fall served as a judge in ^at field at t^e Kansas City Royal, At this evening meeting Prof. P. G. King, head of the University animal husbandry department, will give a summary of the winning of the University livestock at the International Livestock Exposition held last week at Chicago, The meeting will be in charge of Stanley Hurst, president of the club, and following th^ meeting refreshments will be served.
Her^s How To Vote
<
• /
■
\
\
J
•v
4. r-
\
\
«CD z
1 °
o
, 1
i'•
o
o
1 ■
a *1
■
m==o ’ c
O
0
5 ■ ■
'
■ 0
1
To vote today in the elections for Prom anrf Gala Week committees follow this procedure and you cannot go wrong. (1) Upon entering the booth pull the large lever (No. 1) at the top and center of the machine to the right. This closes the curtains and allows the machine to operate. (2) To vote a straight ticket, pull the lever to the left of the column names for which you wish to vote. In the diagram this lever is numbei; 2 or 5. This done, pull le\^er one back to normal position. This records the vote and reopens the curtains. (3) To vote a split ticket, push up the small lever over the name for which you DO NOT wish to vote. No more than seven of these levers may be left down or the machine is rendered. inoperative. In the diagram, these small levers are numbered 3, 4, and 6. After pushing the desired seven levers, lever number 1 is pushed back, to record the vote and open the curtain.
Get As Much Graft As You Can, Then Vote As You Please; And May Your Man Win By “Ward Heeler’’ O’Hallahan . .
Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party or th& unaffiliates or something. What the heck, you have to come to the aid of something on election day.
It’s customary.
The Union from the time the polls open to closing time should be jammed with juniors and seniors all anxious to see that their favorites get their share of the graft. Besides someone told them they should
vote.
Lots Of Graft Juniors and seniors are you mice or men? Hold out for greater promises. Your vote may be the deciding factor in the determining of victors in this yearly contest. No doubt the parties will be on hand to offer rides to the Union and thence to class. But what 'will the cars be like. Would you vote for someone who came for you without a heater and radio in the car? You should hold out for bigger and better promises. One sterling vote such as yours ought to be worth a ride, a coke, a cigar, and a dance bid. Don’t be a sucker. We recommend that you vote for one of the candidates who are up and not for yourself. You probably wouldn’t ■win ansrway so why make yourself out an egocentric dope.
Real Candidates
In case you have been planning on voting for you and haven’t paid any attention to the candidates, they are: Boilermaker Party, for Prom, Huck Bramberry, Stu Armstrong, Paul Hamman, Myra McKee, Bob Ralston, Hal Todd, and Jim Ogden. Gala Week committee candidates are: Rog Anderson, Hugh Del Valle, Eli Yeager, Hank Miller, Harold Kolb, and Francis
Raebig.
Progressive Party candidates for Prom are: Dan Heiple, Jim Ourand, “Gib” Kegerreis, Virginia Royce, John Post, George Frey, John Van Horn. For Gala Week the Progressives have nominated Lawrence Archibald, Don Meyers, Bill Gobeille, Benny Burns, Pat Heine, and Mary Keller. Jean Jones and Lawrence Hess are running unaffiliated for Prom committee. • Incidentally, the voting machines for today’s farce were furnished by the Tippecanoe County Commissioners, and keep people from knowing how yqu vote. Again, suckers, don’t be duped. Hold out for your constitutional graft and woe to he who is a scab. Wouldn’t they feel funny if no one voted for anyone?
Bob Weiss, Eng. '43, Enters Best Photo In Debris Contest
Robert L. Weiss, Eng. ’43, Cary Hall Southeast, submitted the prize winning photograph in the Debris picture of the month contest for November. Editorial and photography staffs of the 1940 Debris chose the picture submitted which best typifies “complete. campus coverage,” yearbook slogan. The picture which is printed on this page shows Robert A. “Pretty Boy” Dauber, Theta Chi pledge, in a scene at Freshman Gamp before the beginning of the present semester. Debris officials stated that more pictures are desired for the contest. Preferred shots show the person who submitted the picture. All photographs should be placed in the green b.ox in the Debris office.
To Senior Co-eds Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers, Rockefeller Center, New York, is offering Five Fashion Fellowships to senior co-eds this year. Each fellowship'covers a year’s tuition of $700 in the school. Only one will be awarded in "any college or university. The value of the specialized training offered by this school is indicated by the fact that 82 per cent of last year’s class of the TobeCoburn School had positions in department store ^advertising, merchandising, styling, and fashion coordination waiting for them when they were graduated. Senior Women wishing to apply for one of the Fashion Fellowships must mail registration blanks to the school by Janu*ary 31. Applicants will answer a .series of qualifying test questions which are due February 29. Those co-eds whose work is considered most outstanding will be asked to proceed ■with a fashion research project due April 15. Awards will be announced April 25. Last year’s winners .Represent the University of Maine, Wellesley, Syracuse, Smith, Duke, Vassar, Oberlin, and Stanford.
Boosts Achievements In Radio Broadcasts Agricultural alumni of the University are “telling the world” or at least the middle west, something of the activities of the Alumni Association and of the achievements of the Experiment Station and Extention Department in a series of broadcasts over Indiana and Ohio radio stations during the present week. Broadcasts began yesterday noon over WIND, Gary, and today a similar program is to be broadcast over WOWO, Fort Wayne, from 12:30 to 1 p. m. Other programs will be broadcast over WPBM, Indianapolis, from 11:46 to 1:16 on Wednesday; WGBP, Evans-ville, from 11:30 to 12:16 Thursday, and the final broadcast o'ver WLW, Cincinnati, which will originate on the campus Saturday morning from 11:36 to 12:30.
ambertmen Bow 37-25 I Blue Bevils Fisher Leads Riveters; Height F t I ■ wil l^ f^^^Game rOr 3vCrGT9l IBS V? Ill Height proved better than speed last night as the tall DePaul basketball team took an early lead and wound up 40 minutes of basketball on the long end of a 37-25 score in the Boilermakers' second home game of the seUSon. Conference of the secretaries and Possner, Szukala, Norris, Gainer stenographers of the Farm Security ' ^ • and Skrodzki proved too much for Administration of this region will m ^ III If" comparatively short Gold and be held here, beginning today and jyy LOntCSlSIllS ViG quintet, Possney hoisting the continuing through Thursday. Demons into a first half lead which At 10:30 this morning Professor |_- they never relinquished. As the Howard Z. Stewart,' of the Butler III lIlM I^GGTIIly wl, game progressed, play became University college of business ad- rougher and faster, the Boilermakministration, will speak on “The I^SmirciAll trying to take rebounds away Secretarial Field as a Profession.” VClllipU3 i/l3vUjjlUII from taller opponentsandthe visiHe will discuss the development and tors trying to slip in enough points growth of this type of work, its op- At 7:30 this evening, 190 con- to gain revenge for their 60-50 deportunities, its responsibilites, its testants from 36 organizations will feat at Purdue last year. , demands upon the indi'vidual, and compete in the first discussion of g Point Lead some of the ethics to be practiced the first round of the all-campus in the profession. The address is discussion tournament. DePaul piled up an eight-point to be followed by a discussion, in First discussion deals ■with the- lead in the first half, 11 of their which attempts will be made to an- definition of “Propaganda” while 22 points being scored by Possner, s-wer the questions of those present, the second will deal with the solu- substitute forward. Lambert starttion of the problem of Propaganda, ed three sophoniores, Sprowl, NeutCii Ac Five winners of each group from zel and Tierney, but they gave way OVrimminy ^lUOS both discussions of this round will to Igney, Weber and Yeager be- . t A A A I advance into the next round. Sub- fore the period ended. Elect ^Aary iMather stitutions may be made during the Fisher opened the scoring ■with a ^ first round but ma-y not be made in basket, Skrodski came back with a any of the following rounds. free throw for DePaul, and Fishvyi A\ijUai,>aUC Managers have been notified er’s charity toss made the Score Mary Mather was chosen queen • where their team is to participate. 3-1. Norris looped one in from the of the 1939 Aquacade Wednesday comer and Gainer made a free by a committee composed of Dol- TufAnfii Afic Vl/Sll throw to put the Demons ahead phin and Triton club members. I WCIliy fflll 4 to 3. . Each year the queen of the aqua- Norris and Skrodski added three cade is chosen for her personality, MliAflAl I afAcf Points for DePaul, then, after two participation in sports, and other I lliyd L.ClIvjl wivlillliy free throws by Fisher, and baske'ts actmties. She is a member of Pi by Neutzel and Sprowl, the BoilerBeta Phi sorority, president of the AI C|%A/'ial ClulA CIlAUf makers took a back seat for a few Sportswomen’s club, on the ad'vis- AAl iJ|JGi.lCll Jiyiv JIKlW minutes, ory board of the Riding club, and • Possner Hot has won the trophy for outstanding Twenty co-eds who -were chosen Possner, who had just entered horsemanship at the annual Gym- yestesday for their ability to ■wear tbe game in place of Tollstam, khana for the last two years. clothes, their posture and personal counted nine points in a row to give In the intramm-al mixed doubles >PP«e, will model for the Pur- DePaul a 16-9 lead, of tennis she was a co-winner last Club today at 2:30 Bob Igney entered the game and season. Her prowess on the cinder “p immediately sank a basket, but track was demonstrated when she ^ irgmia . ere tjiree more points by* Beretta bewent to the finals in the 100 meter , j. ended were all the event at the 1936 Olympic trials at . Riveters could muster while PossProvidence R I ■ fashion for the last fifty years will ner, Szukala and Gainer were add- ’ • • be shown by the models. All dresses ing enough to send DePaul into a M 1 I r . nt worn in the show will be made from halftime lead of 22-14. ^P@CI9l excursion Kotos sUks and woolens of the Botany For the first half dozen minutes Worsted Mills, N. J., with the ex- the Boilermakers were unable to Available For Chridmas ception of present day dresses wWch score in the second half' while ^ ^ were chosen from Loeb’s. There Szukala and Gainer were increasing Special excursion rates to Chi- ■'Anil also be an exhibition of mate- the DePaul lead with a basket each, cago, Cleveland, Buffalo, and New i'ials made by the Botany Worsted It was Eli Yeager who finally broke •York on the New York Central lines Mills, sponsors of the show. -^he ice with a short looper to make have been arranged by the Student the score 26-16, DePaul. Senate. Special round-trip tickets 5|q|||3 /S/l| -29-18 With Eight To Go will be sold at a reduced price for ^ the holiday period. ... social fraternity, announces Non is rebounded a basket for Tickets are available in the Sen- the initiation of G. E. Ferguson, ^ ate offices room A of the Union daily Atlanta; T. A. Morehead, Atchison, t^gb^looper for the Boilermakers, during hours posted previously in an Kan., and R. A. Canham, Spring- and Szukala, tossed in a free thro'w Exponent advertisement. field. 111. ' to put the ysitors ahead 29-18 with eight minutes to go in the game. ' , . . , ■ ' ' ' .11 !■ I . ■' ""I— DePaul had the advantage, 6-4 in «' e* A 1* ^ A *1 tf the last three minutes of the game, Lf. T ay lor Of U. 5. Army Air Corps Ay an able most of which was spent by both ' teams marching up and down the To Seniors Interested In Flying Positions . ' Detroit s basketball team, made By R. G. Carpenter ’ up of five returning rebars, will The story of the United States cember 16, which will interview all j^vad® the Fieldhouse tomorrow^in Army Air Corps, how it was formed, seniors interested. _ _ * J® ® its structure and its future devel- Texas Training ^ ® opment, will be told by Lieutenant Graduates who are accepted will ■nlj’tiATTT VqTi" th u J. F. Taylor at a lecture and forum receive training at Randolph Field, LJiPAUL (37) B F P open to all students this afternoon '^®*- '^^® student pilot will be fur- s in, , at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Elec- wished transportation to Randolph ^oms, i 0 2 trical Engineering building. Field, given his room and board, ne rwM. A uniform, and flying instructions. He oKtooski, g .i d 1 mgs e rmy further allowed 76 dollars Szukala, g 1 ‘1 Air Corps, the wings of the army, per month. At the end of his train- Possner, f .....6 2 2 is rapidly becoming one of the ing, he will be commissioned as a Wozny, f 0 0 country’s most important major de- second lieutenant in the Air Re- Sachs, g .0 0 Q fense activities. Lieutenant Taylor, serve Corps. — — —. who is visiting Purdue this week, Graduates who would like active Totals .......16 7 9 predicts that the air corps -will be duty in the Air Corps can start PURDUE (26) < B P P doubled in size shortly and the pros- after the training period at a salary Fisher, f .......2 5 8 pects of even greater expansion of $206.60 plus quarters per month. Sprowl, f 1 0 8 are promised in the future. Active duty is attained by competi- Weber, c 0 0 I Seniors in all schools who plan tive examination. After four years, Yeager, g ,...! 0 4 to graduate in February or June of the officer is then qualified to be- Tierney, g 0 0 0 this term are eligible for training come a first lieutenant at ^ salary Herschelman, f 0 0 0 ■with the Army Air Corps. Lieut, of $298.60 plus $60.00 for quarters, Igney^f ........2 I 1 Taylor plans to explain the activi- per month. Neutzel, c 0 8 ties of the Air Corps, and to answer Lieut. Taylor will also be avail- Beretta, g ....2 I X questions of seniors interested, able to any senior interested in this Caress, g ... 0 0 0 preparatory to the arrival of an type of cai-eer, from 8:30 a. m. in __ __ examining board on Saturday, De- the AripoiY throughout the Aveek. Totals .......9 7 IS
*/
i;
• 2
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesdays December 12« 1939
But Incidentally— By Vladimir Two boys spent an entiie hour of Sociology yesterday in figuring out just how long it would take the Russian army to ci'oss a budge, marching four abreast. If came out to be about two years. The boys didn’t say what the Russians were going to do once they got across. Note to Finland: Build narrower bridges. St. * * But now to fulfill a piomiseVe made last Sunday, we present, in all his glory, Clarence! BRIEFS BY CLARENCE Thoughts while sitting in a class all by one’s self, because the teacher didn’t come. The little man just didn’t show up today. Two minutes and 30 seconds after the bell rang everyone put on his coat and poised for the signal to start (given by the man with the fastest watch). :!: * Somehow one guy just didn’t jump when the signal was given. “Hey, it’s me,” Clarence thoughtfully mused. * * * This was the turning point in the life of our hero. Before he had always made bad grades and stuff. But NOW ... * * * Hh knows a new joke. Fate had it that the janitor happened into the room, hoping that there would be a class that he could disturb. ♦ ♦ ♦ Said janitor heard a good one yesterday. It seems that out west his brother was always shooting rabbits. Every day he’d bag the limit. System being: shine a light around in the dark until you see a rabbit looking at you. Then carefully shoot the culprit right smack between his eyes. It’s illegal, but it works swell.
Janitor’s brother hasn’t been able to bring home a single rabbit all the past week. The old system was slipping. But last night he found out why. * * ♦ The hares were traveling in pairs, keeping one eye shut. * * * It’s a good rabbit joke, why don’t you put it in your column, Russians ? * * * So we did. And that is enough of Clarence for the time being. Perhaps longer. But before the column ends for today, we think space should be given to the
Jinudif. JoUl
Rumors That You Can't
. . . split your vote in today’s Prom and Gala Week elections that have been circulating around the campus are entirely false. In fact, they are merely political lies. For many years party politics have been becoming the naajor factor in all-campus elections; the individual candidates take a minor role in the game they later must play. Splitting a ticket becomes very simple when the voting machine is used. After the^ booth curtain is closed fraternity brother, sorority sister, or political boss, and we do have them on the campus, does not know whether you have just voted a straight ticket or split it. Last year in the Prom election it would have been impossible for the losing party to have placed a man on the committee if it had not been for split tickets. Also it would have been impossible for any one member of the party to gain more votes than any other member of the party if it were not for the split votes. In splitting your vote, close the booth curtain by pulling the lever at tlie top of the machine to the right. There is a lever to the left of each party ticket and unaflSliated candidates. The lever to the left of the party for which you wish to cast the most votes should be pulled to the right. Small levers above each candidate will fall. The lever above the candidate for whom you do not wish to vote should be pushed up, and the lever above the candidate for which you wish to vote should be pulled down. Only seven votes may be cast for Prom or six for Gala Week. Pulling the lever at the top to the left records your vote and opens the booth curtain. Whether you have voted a straight or split ticket remains a secret and does not invalidate your vote as political bosses might want you to believe.—J. H. McK.
radio announcement, advertising blankets, which boasted a “five year moth-proof guarantee.” 0. K, so the guarantee will last, but how about the blankets ?
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: Joseph E. Seagram and Sons, Inc., Lawrenceburg, Ind., distilleries. REPRESENTATIVE: Dr. J. D. Ruttle. VISITING PURDUE: Friday, December 16. INTERVIEWING- Chem. Eng. seniors giaduating in February and June, 1940, for work in this field with his company. Dr. Ruttle is also interested in employing an Agronomist/^ Those interested should sign up in the Chemical Engineering School Office or "with Dean Freeman
COMPANY: National Starch Products Company, 820 Greenwich, New York City. j REPRESENTATIVE: Dr. Wilson V. Upton. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday and Thursday, December 13 and 14. INTERVIEWING: Ch. E., and Science seniors majoring in chemistry. Chemical engineers who are interested in talking to Dr. Upton should see Professor J. L. Bray. Seniors majoring in chemistry should see Professor E. T. McBee. The work available in this company will be contacting industrial concerns and working out plans and processes using the company’s products.
THt BmSER By Virginia Schaupp “Kitty Foyle” by Christopher Morley. A natural history of a woman thinking. With an oncoming crisis, she thinks over her life up to her present age of 28. It represents a generation of women who were children in the 1920’s and girls in the 1930’s. The life _ of Kitty Foyle, an American girl, bom of Irish-American parents in the manufacturing area of Philadelphia, in school, in business, and in love. “The Hundredth Year” by Phillip Guedulla. A new kind of history, written as a novel, bringing the world an understanding in new politics, new economics, and new sociology. The book is about the year, 1936, the hundredth year, the year that marked for every nation the end of the post-war era and the beginning of the turbulent, uneasy, unsettled present. “Thoreau” by Henry Seidel C:fiby. A biography well worth reading, since it is a piece of work that has taken years of study and research to write. The authdir takes the
Purdue ExponeniR E Insley Editor-in-Chief W E Smith _ Business I^nager Phones ■ Editorial, 4005 ; Business, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 2l), 1922 nBPRBSBNTeD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Pcpresentatwe 420 Madison AvE Ne\ai York N Y CHICASO BO'-TON LOS ANGELES SAN FBAHCIS'-Q National Advertising Representatives • National Advertising Service, Inc , 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Pur. due University All opinions in it, unless otherwise' accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director Delivered by carrier $3 per academic year; by mail, $3 60 Business office located at» 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office, Unio® Building, sports office. Field House ^ Night Editor _ Willsey Issue Editor Heaton
1 eader with Thoreau as he takes his walks and as he paddles his canoe on the Concord. He portrays his character as witty, shrewd, and cantankerous, but sane; and one who wrote some of the best prose of any American author.
COMPANY: National Carbon Company, Cleveland, Ohio. REPRESENTATIVE: F. Israel, Works Managers Dept. VISITING PURDUE: Before the Christmas holidays. INTERVIEWING: ChE., Met E., M.E., E.E. seniors, and graduates majoring in physics. Those interested in an interview should sign up in the main office of their school.
MARS TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Daring Adventure, Thrilling Romance
P«f«m«uhl Prtsenifc FRANK iiOVD'S ‘*RUCBRS(m
...SEND your laundry home by c o n ve n i e n t
Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home ' collea’, you know So phone our agent today He II call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express tram, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and It’s the same with your vacation baggage For either or both, )ust pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 202S Lafayette, Indiana
1.839 A Century of Service, . . 1939 Railway Express AGENCY, INC. NATION WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
TODAY IS ELECTIONS . . . ... so don’t forget to go to the polls early and vote often. —B & B— We are beginning to wonder if the faculty has a vote in these elections with Jim Ogden and Myra McKee pinning a Boilermaker tag on our Prexy in the Sweet Shop . . . he seemed to like it, too. Maybe they promised to raise his salary out of the Prom profits, I don’t think. The Progressives are more scrupulous. —B & B— The Rassle seemed to have been a great success. It’s peculiar how a man will follow his profession even in pleasure . . . R. B. “Moneybags” Stewart, University comptroller, was attracted to the Boilermaker roulette wheel and seemed to be winning. If only Bill Bodden had been there to check the wheel the Boilermaker Party would have been put off the campus. —B & B— . . and did you notice our Progressive candidate, Ginny “Short Stride” Royce, running across the floor with Professor Sears .... haven’t you got an “A” in History yet, Ginny? ' —B & B— Of couise everyone knows that a “dribble” is a “drip” that goes steady. —B & B— Frosh—“I see you filled in that blank space.” Senior—“What blank space?” Frosh—“Between your ears.” —B & B— “Swede” Johnson, Southwest Hall, has finally done it. He passed out cigars on which was inscribed: “Have a stogie; my spook said yes” ... The piker only used catalpa beans for cigars. —B & B— On interviewing various members of the Exposer’s football team, we found out that the two selections for the center position have something in common . . . they both agree that Dick McNeil, Debris shot, is awfully cute ... incidentally the two choices for center on the All-Girl team were Dottie Hughes, West desk cutie, and “Dickie Boy” himself. —B & B— What is this freshman class coming to ? a' member of Cary Club had to make a bet with his classmates to get his name in this column. And incidentally, if anyone has any real dirt concerning this boy “Cal”, we’d sure be interested. —B & B— SUPPORT YOUR TEAM TONIGHT SUPPORT YOUR PARTY TODAY . . . SUPPORT US WITH YOUR CONTRIBS TOMORROW . WE WILL SUPPORT YOU SATURDAY NIGHT.
USEFUL XMAS HINTS DO YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING HERE
Hickok jewelry set of patented Alligator Grip tie chain and collar bar . . . and airline cuff links in his favorite colored stones.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
/3V-
iy/
LAivy^ji?
cbt;"
"Seems a waste of money to send out Effie's engagement notices, after he proposed to her over the party line)''
Four Co-eds Represent Purdue At Confereme Debate At Ohio University Four Purdue co-eds represented the University in the Western Co-ed Debate Conference at Ohio University last week end. Every school in the Big Ten was represented except Minnesota in the conference which discussed “Should Anti-Democratic Organization Be Suppressed In the United States?” These conference discussions inaugurate a new policy in the Big Ten this year. At the opening meeting the problem was placed before the assembly. The group then broke up into smaller meetings, reconvening finally to decide upon the solution of the problem. The trip was made by Charlotte Finney, Gene Pechin, Janet Moiehouse, and Frances Estep, accompanied by Leland Winch of the Speech Department.
TYRONEAV LINDA POWERS DARNELL ■n WARREN WILLIAM BINNIE BARNES WENDY BARRIE JOAN DAVIS TODAY - WEDNESDAY Msmem
LUHA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS —
Paramount presents Fred MacMurray Madeleine Carroll Allan Jones HONEYMOON IN BALI"
Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social fraternity, annoupces the pledging of Clifford Breeden, West Lafayette; Henry Previette, Aurora; William Snead, Fort Union, Va.; Evon Sutton, Pompton Lakes, N. J.; Reginald Rice, Mount Kisco, N. Y.; William Milley, Kokomo'; Thomas Orr, East Chicago; Dale Bremerman, Indianapolis; John Edwards, Oak Park, 111., and George Siener, Niagara Palls, N. Y. Sigma Delta Chi's . . . award of a ticket refund for the best Exposer snapshot goes to Norman Axelrod, Sci. ’40, for his shot of Lewis Freyman with impoit. Axelrod may secure his refund at the Exponent office this afternoon, according to a statement from SDX president, Don Terrio.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
IbMICilil HfNRY ALICI MARJORIE ARIEEN FONDA-BRADY-WEAVER-WHELAN
-.AND — TIM McCOY — IN — 'REVENGE RIDER" —ALSO — "RED BARRY" SERIAL
NEW
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
IT'S
FIRST RUN —PLUS—
HER€'S.
GAUOPlMe
GMST W*iOl CAN R£ALLV I
E'SA^\ no\tiG %
GAlLOPi
BERT WHEELER • MARIE WILSON mumoimon • Directed by NOEl SMITHA
+
f-
r-
Tuesday* December 12, 1939
Fielder’s Choice
by Robert J. Deckard
Boilermaker basketball bugs had their first real chance of the 1989-40 net season to get a glimpse of a practically-atomic Burdue hardwood brigade stacking up against a tall, rangy quin-
tet last night in the Fieldhouae.
' ■ ■ ' ■ —
DePaul University, the school ^
from Chicago which sported the
Wednesday Night Problem
“tall” team, furnished the opposition for the Boilermakers, and mainly the game turned out to be an affair consisting of Height trying to outdo Speed, or vice versa. —^fc— Height won the game, only after Speed had put in its bid early in the first half, but the former stepped in in the late moments of period one, started an “aerial” attack that made Speed look as mihute and ■ helpless as an amoebe on a snake’s belly, and ended up the game with a victory to its credit. \
The familiar fast-break of the Purdue team was shown off to the customers, and for a while it looked mighty good ... Never have we seen a team pass the ball so accurately or dribble the ball so perfectly as the Riveters did in the first eig^t
minutes of the game.
—^fc—
But the main item in last night’s business was Speed vs. Height . . . Height, the thing that sometimes doesn’t go along with Basketball Ability but usually makes Scores, was the Conqueror, and DePaul was the Conqueror.
XMAS SPECIAL NEW YORK and RETURN $19.50 Leaving UNION BUILDING 5:30 p. m. December 20, 1939 LARGE GREYHOUND CRUISER BUSSES For Reservations Call 2105 UNION BUS STATION
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
REPRODUCES
ALL THE MUSIGM WALUESS OP R
1940
• A splendidly proportioned radio and phonograph unit which houses a powerful seven tube, three band superheterodyne standard and shortwave receiver, automatic record player which takes 10 and 12 inch records is folly concealed when doors are closed. Wavemagnet equipped . . . needs no aerial — no ground. Television sound connections.
MODEL 7S487
. Without
Records
aud raw®
IF IT HASNni A WAVEMAGNET
IT ISN'T A ZENITH
REIFERS FUpURE CO. PFROMMER BROS. Corner 9th & Main Sts. 705-707 Main St.
National, American, Indiana, and Riveter swimming records will be in peril at the annual Aquacade this Friday and Saturday, with headline swimmers in nearly all phases of water activity seeking to better all previous marks in their particular field or specialty. Visiting swimming greats will come to Lafayette from several distant points in the United States to perform at this third annual edition of the Dolphin-Triton presented Aquacade. —— .mi
Here’s a young man who puts all of his hardwood troubles into a basket. He’s Bob Caliban, high scoring center of the Detroit University five which will be in town tomorrow evening to engage in a dish of basketball with Piggy Lambert’s netters. Caliban scored 267 points last season in twenty ball games. Here at the Boilermaker institution last season he was fairly stemmed offensively, but he became a passing deamon, using his height to shift the Purdue defense almost into the dressing rooms. So far this season. Bob has been on a scoring rampage. Can he continue tomorrow?
Greek Grapplers Will Begin Tourney Today Action in the inter-fraternity wrestling tournament vail begin this afternoon at 4:16 in the wrestling room of the Pieldhouse. Ref-
ereed by Claude Reeck, varsity mat mentor, each bout will be limited to five minutes. The pairings for the Greek tournament are listed on bulletin boards in the wrestling room and outside of the Intramural office in the Pieldhouse. Nearly 40 frat men weighed in yesterday afternoon.
Pumkin Pie may have nothing to do with Linen Sp-pply, hut we het you will enjoy it more if the waiter is attired in immaculate fashion. , USE PLENTY OF CLEAN LINEN
WHY BUY -
- WE SUPPLY
Phone 2000 for Service
Spectacular Acrobat Leading tne list of visiting performers will be one of the greatest tumblers and acrobats of all times, Larry Griswold, who has just completed a spectacular engagement in Billy Rose’s widely famed Aquacade at the New York World’s Fair. Larry has received nation-vade acclaim for his sensational performances from a series of flying rings suspended 30 feet above the water. Betty Bemis, a senior in the Nausauck, Minnesota, high school, will not be eligible to officially try for national records, as it is against the rules of the Minnesota Athletic Association. However, she will participate in the difficult medley races. Betty finished second in the National senior medley and back stroke races last year. Barbara Bemis, Betty’s older sister, who is a freshman co-ed herej will also appear in the Aquacade, making attempts to break the Indiana records in the 100 and 220 yard free style events. Barbara Cook Stars Senior Barbara Cook, who has been high up in the National championship diving circles for the past three or four years, will furnish one of the mainline attractions for the swimming presentation with her fancy diving performances. According to Dick Papenguth, swimming coach, Barbara is “one of the smoothest and most polished divers in the country today. She not only performs the required dives, but also executes the most difficult dives with great ease.” Barbara won second place honors in both the high and low board National diving events last year. Patty Aspinal Back Making her second appearance in the Riveter Aquacade this year will be diminutive Patty Aspinal, from Indianapolis. Patty made her /first performances for National recognition during last year’s Aquacade.
She recently had three more AAU records accepted by the board, which makes a total of four national records she garnered while only 12 years old. Patty will attempt to add to her list of records swimming in the 300 meter event. In addition to the above events, a variety of races will be held among members of the Boilermaker swimming teanl. George Wildhack, one of last year’s co-captains, who was unable to return to school this year, is expected to return to give a diving performance. Joe Williamson, of South Bend, will be after the breast* stroke records for the 50, 100, 160, and 200 distances. Feature races will be furnished for both performances by the freshman and varsity teams, who will swim in 160 yard medley and 200 yard free style races.
UM Schedules
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Rechenbach. 7:00—Signia Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. '7:i6—^Faculty vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 8:16—Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:30—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 2-—Doherty. 7 :00-^Sigma Nu vs. Beta Theta PL 7:16—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:15—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:30—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Lsunhda Chi Alpha. Court 3—^Harmson. 7 :00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:16-T-Acacia vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:16—Theta Xi xs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:30—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Court 4—Welsch. 7 :00—Theta Tau vs. Pi Kappa PhL 7:16—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Chi. 8:16—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Sigma PhL
SQUASH Today Courts 1, 2 and 3— 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Chi. 7:30—Sigina Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:00—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 8:30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Chi. 9:00—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. BOWLING TOURNAMENT Wednesday, 7 p, m.—Blue Demons vs. Stellar Hall: Phi Kappa vs. Phi Delta Theta: Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Jinxes. Wednesday, 9 p. m.—Theta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma.
ATTENTION STUDENTS it Is Not Too Late to Enroll in Our NEW BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Dec. 13, 7:00 p. m. Advanced Thurs., Dec. 14, 7:00 p. m. New Classes for Children Open < Saturday, Jan. 6th BALLET TAP BALLROOM Phone 2150 I ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
YOUR GUARANTEE Unbeatable Prom — Unforgettable Gala Week
Jim Ourand
George Frey
John Van Horn Ginny Royce
Dan Heiple
Gib Kegerreis
John Post
DONT FAIL TO VOTE!
8407
iBill Gobeille Don Meyers
Benny Burns
Pat Heine “Arch” Archibald
Marv Keller
VOTE PROGRESSIVE1
'7'
Prof. 6. F. Buxton To Speak At Kokomo Foreman's Club Prof. George F. Buxton, of the engineering extension staff of Purdue TTniversity, will speak in Kokomo this evening at the Elks Club before the Kokomo Foremen’s Club on “A Foreman’s Pi-esent-Day Responsibilities.” Prof. Buxton has been conducting foremanship conferences during the past three months in four different Kokomo factories, with five other groups in Indianapolis factories, five groups in Richmond, at Attica with one factory group, and in Lafayette at the plants of the Aluminum Company '"of America, and with the Duncan Electric Manufacturing Company. The first actual conference for the Aluminum training com'se is scheduled for Wednesday-' evening. Pi Kappa Phi ... social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: D. C. Adams, Carpentersville, 111.; E. J. Masline, Canton, Ohio; W. H. Mundhenk, Miami,.Fla.; C. F. Shedi’ick. South Bend; R. 0. 'Swaim, Marshall; R. L. Vogt, Canton, Ohio. Westminster . . . Girls Club will hold a Christmas supper-meeting tonight at 5:30 at Westminster House,. 129 Sheetz street. Mrs. R. B. Stewart, special guest of the evening, will address the group. A short Christmas program will complete the meeting. Members are asked to bring nonperishable food for Christmas baskets. .
Kappa Delta Pi
. . . education honorary, will hold a Christmas party in the Old Chestnut room of the Union tonight at 7:30. Each member is requested to bring a 10 cent gift for exchange. Bernadette Dygert is in charge of ai’rangements for the party.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—Wardrobe trunk in splendid condition. Price $10. Call for at Union Cheek Room.
FOR RENT RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
FOR RENT—Large double room near Fieldhouse. Outside entrance. Phone 66083. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 3301. Reward.
Notices
No notices will h® accepted after 8 p. m.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a chili supper Wednesday, December 13, at the Foundation house. It will be served from 6:30 to 7 p. m. Charge will be 20 cents. —STANGLAND. Tau Beta Pi: Initiation. will be held at 4:46 p. m, Thursday, December 14, in room C of the Union. The initiation banquet will follow, at 6 p. m., in room 1 and 2. Dr. Estey will speak and there will be no charge for actives, and initiates. —CATTERALL.
Outing Club: Important business meeting Tuesday, December 12, at 7:30 p. m. in .room 104 of the Fieldhouse. All students interested in the club are welcome; to attend this meeting. —SHAWKINS.
Hoof and Horn: Meeting Tuesday, December 12, at 7:30 p. m.. Agricultural Hall. Speaker will be Prof. A. D. Weber. —HURST.
Chemistry Condition Exam: Condition ex.aminations for Chemistry 30, 32, and 34 will be given in room 101 of the Education building January 6 at 1 p. m. (;i2-16) —McBEE.
Union Sophomores: Swing session and Variety Hour staffs meet outside Union office at 4 p. m., Tuesday, December 12. Those expected are: Hawkinsdn, Bain, Parker, Masline, Schalik, Widman, Histleit Stickrod, Yeoman, Baumgartner, Sommer. —WOODS.
Thirty-Three Club; Meet in Tower room at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, December 12, for one hour rehearsal. —HECKMAN.
Triton: Aquacade practice Tuesday evening, December 12, at 7:80 o’clock at the Fieldhouse. All members desiring to be in Aquacade varieties please be there. —SPEARS.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ms
Kappa Delta Pi: Christmas party Tuesday, pecembor 12, at 7 :80 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Bring 10 cent gift. —DYGERT.
Rifle Club: Important meeting will be held Thursday, December 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Officers will be elected and members taken into the club. Everyone interested will be welcome. -SMITH, Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, December 12, in room 264 of the Electrical Engineer--ing buildingi —PITCHER.
: WAA Volleyball: Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m.: Pi Phi vs. West Hall 6; Pedalion vs. Alpha Xi; Ward 1 vs. Ward 4:4:46 p. m.. Kappa ys. Chi O. Wednesday, 4 p. m.: Pedalion vs. Thaeles; South Hall vs. North Hall; 4:46 p. m.. Ward 2 vs. Ward 3. —MORRIS.
Modern Dance Group: Junior and senior groups will havd regular practice Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. fn. in the Women’s Gym. • —KNIGHT.
room of the Fieldhouse. Bring money for blades, , —WELDY. Motor Film: There will be a showing of sound films on difficult terrain, marching, and stream crossings by motor units of Field Artillery Tuesday, December 12, in room 129 of the ,E. E. building. All sophomores note. —WHITE.
office and sign the hours during whlcfeh you can work, at the election, Tuesday, December 12. —-BSTBY.
WSGA Board: WSGA Board mieeting on Tuesday evening at 7:30 in Agriculturist room of the Union. —DRABANSTOTT. Glider Club: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, December 14, at 7:16 p. m —MILLER.
PIA Dance Class; There will be a meeting Tuesday, December 12, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds arC invited; Popular recordings will be used. —KNIGHT.:
Agricultural Chemistry Club; Regular meeting wilT be held Tuesday evening at 7 :30 p. m. in the Ag. Chem. library. —HARPER.
SAE Members: All who want to go to Indianapolis on Thursday afteriioon, De/cember 14, should sign up ihunediately on 'the SAE.bulletin board in' the-basement of the ME building. Plan to go to the International Harvester engine plant in the afternoon and the Indiana section SAE meeting at night. Anyone with a car is especially welcome. —CAHILL.
al&le at the Activities Bureau office for $8.$6 a hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of thii^ streamlined way of impressing employers. . (12-16) \ —BREUBR. All Students; Color'movies of stich places as Pompei, Persia, and Turkey '«^1 be shown 'Tuesday, December 12, at 7 p, m. in Coulter Hall. —LAMB,
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are avail-
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, December 12, in room P of the Union. —FRANTZKEB.
WSGA Office Committee: Important meeting in women's lounge Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m. —KUTCHISON. Skull and Crescent: Regular meeting on Tuesday, December 12, at 7 :30 p. ,m. at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —BELLIS. Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in Riveters’ Rassle tickets and money to me Tuesday, Deoffice ^ ^ ^ Exponent —DECKARD.
Exponent Co-eds; Meeting in office Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m. Assignments for co-ed edition on Thursday, December 14, will be made at this time. ---SCHILLmG.
Chi Epsilon: All pledges and actives will meet at C. E. Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday, December 12. —CORNELL.
Dolphins and Tritons: Aquacade pictures Tuesday, December 12, and Thursday, December 14, at 7 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pool. —HARRIS.
WAA Riflery Tournament: Schedule for Tuesday, December 12, and Thursday, December 14: Tuesday, December 12: 6:30—'Ward I; 6:46, Ward ll; 7 :00, Glenwood House; 7:80, Women’s Residence Hall, North; 7:46, The Gables ; 8:00, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 8:16, Alpha Chi Omega; 8:30, Thaeles: 8:46, Kappa Alpha Tljeta; 9:00, Delta Gamma. Thursday, December 14:—6:30, Ward HI; 6:45, Ward IV; 7:00, Women’s Residence Hall, South ; 7 ;16, Women’s Residence Hall, West; 7:30, Chi Omega; 7:46, Pi Beta Phi; 8:00, Riley House; 8:16, S.H.E. House; 8:30, Twin Pines; 8:45, Alpha XI Delta. —HARRISON.
Sliver Mask; Important meeting Tuesday, December 12, at 4 p. m. in the fencing
Chi Epsilon: Formal initiation Wednesday, December 13, at 5:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Banquet will start immediately after the initiation. —CORNELL. Student Senate: Please come to Senate
Were PLEASED with Men Who Are HARD to Please We get a kick out of serving sticklers for perfection. Our most exacting customers never kick about our "Dated Laundered Shirts". They know that we launder shirts for style, comfort, and wear. They know that the date inside the collar-band of those new shirts is a guarantee of a full year's : wear. ■ Crowh imuum r~l N E C L E A N E R S. O F F I N E C L O T H E S
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PaOl A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phono 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 9»/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Florists
• Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tai|or HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVERl EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
R. C: EISENBACH Jeweler and' Optometrist 504 Main St.
One of the most attractive Christmas packages ■—see it in the stores and order your Christmas Chesterfields now. Chesterfields, with their real mildness, better taste and delicious aroma, give real pleasure to anyone who smokes. You can^t buy a better cigarette.
I r I I V-^nestertields
Copyrteht t9i9. Uoanr tc Mybu Tobacco C3o,