Purdue Exponent Sevitzky To Direct
Z-185
TUESDAY
January 10,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 88
Convo At 8 Tonight
World Corn Ki ng Crowned sfewart to Talk
At Ag Conference Banquet
Approximately 1,500 visitors had registered yesterday for the 36th annual Agricultural Conference, which will continue through Saturday morning. Eighty of Indiana’s 92 counties were represented, and a registration of 8,000 is expected before
the end of the conference.
Eight purple robed Hoosiers were crowned champion Indiana corn growers, and six more prize winners were recognized at the Corn Growers’ Banquet last evening in the Union ballroom. Keller Beeson of the Purdue agronomy department, presented the champions to Lieutenant Governor Henry Schricker, who crowned William Curry, Tipton County, as grand international champion for his sample of Reid Yellow Dent Corn. Peter J. Lux, Shelbyville, reserve
Five WLS Programs Originate On Purdue Campus This Week Foremost agricultural leaders of the country, many of whom are faculty members and alumni of Purdue, will broadcast a 30-minute program from the Union music room over Chicago’s radio station WLS and the University’s WBAA, start-
ing at 12 nOon today.
One of the five progi’ams to be heard this week over WLS in connection with the Agricultural Conference held on the campus, the program will be of special interest to Indiana fanners. Heard yesterday noon was a similar half-hour program, and at 6:15 this morning a 15-minute recording made on the campus yesterday was broadcast
over WLS.
I
Today’s program at 12 o’clock will include a short talk by W. F. Graham, superintendent of the agricultural conference, on what’s ahead in the way of programs. Palmer Edgerton, Marion, trustee of Purdue, farm manager and vicepresident of Indiana Farm Management Association, and D. Howard Doan, St. Louis, head of Doan Agricultural service will also speak. Mrs. John Capfier of Star City, and William Kohlmeyer, Purdue, will speak on turkey raising in the state. Miss Leila Gaddis, T. R. Johnston, and Glen Sample are also scheduled to appear. The three.programs which are to be broadcast as recordings today, Thursday, and Saturday, are being transcribed by Tommy Rowe, WLS engineer. George Menard, also of WLS staff, is the ^nouncer in charge. The recordhfg outfit used is the same one'dThat recorded the famous Hindenburg disaster. Thursday’s program (6:15 a. m.) is composed of talks by members of the state agricultural conservation committee, L. M. Vogler, Morris Douglas, Leon Bailey, Frank Kirkpatrick, and Virgil Sexson, of the Purdue faculty. This afternoon the program for Saturday will be recorded at the beginning of the swine session at the livestock pavilion. For last night’s Big Ten Basketball Results see SPORTS PAGE
champion winner, was cheered by the crowd who remembered him as chief winner three years ago. Wingate was represented by Special Reserve Champion George Kirkpat-
rick.
Others who received recognition at the banquet included Richard Blackwell, Bobby Riggins, A. C. Stewart, Gerald Bayless, Ed Stafford, Robert Sloan, A. C. Brown*, Clarence Dyer, R. L. Heilman, and
Robert Curry.
Following the ceremonies, girls from Knightstown Soldiers and Sailors Orphan’s Hume entertained
with songs and dances.
Today’s series of meetings will open at 8:30 a. m. The home economics division of the conference will hold its meetings in the Memorial Gymnasium, while the agricultural programs will also start at 8:30 in different buildings on the campus. Today’s meetings will wind
up with dinners this evening.
, Celebrities Speak
Prof. Hazel M. Landin, Assistant Dean of Women, Clare A. Coolidge, and Dean Mary-L. Matthews, all of the University, will be the morning’s speakers in the home economics division. J. S. Knapp, National Recreation Association, New York; J. L. Lingo, Purdue; and Dr. Esther McGinnis, State Teachers’ College, Buffalo, N. Y., are the aft-
ernoon’s speakers.
Agricultural department of the conference will feature talks on a wide variety of subjects. These will include speakers on agricultural engineering, agronomy, bee-keeping, botan;^, entomology, dairy, farm management, horticulture, livestock
and poultry.
Ross Also Speaks A general session will be held from 1:15 to 2:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler HalL F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will preside. David E. Ross, president of the University’s Board of Trustees will speak on “State Tax Problems.” Afternoon sessions in the subjects mentioned above will then begin at
2:30.
Three banquets will feature the evening’s program. County agents will hold a get-together dinner in Jefferson High School at 5 p. m.; the Indiana Farm Management association will meet for their dinner at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics Building, and a post banquet meeting in the Union, rooms 1 and 2, for those interested in farm management problems. A general sesscheduled for 7:30 p. m. in the Jeff High School gymnasium will wind up the evening’s activities.
On Activities' Finance Jan. 12 R. B. Stewart, controller of the university, will speak to all those interested in activities finance at the third part of the activities bureau’s leadership school Thursday, January 12, at 7:15 i» the main lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Mr. Stewart is known as one of the leading authorities on financial management in the U. S. His subject at the meeting will
be “Finance.”
At the first leadership school conducted by the Activities Bureau in October, Stanley Green of the Duncan Meter Company, was the first speaker. James Davis of the Personnel Department introduced the speaker and also explained the function of the newly formed activities bureau. This proved to be such a success, that it was requested to conduct another meeting with more
speakers.
On November 10, Prof. F. C. Hockema spoke to approximately 150 people at the next meeting on “Management in Student Activities.” The talk met with such approval that copies of the speech were made and distribtuted to all delegates at the Student Senate Convention held here December
27-31.
At this third meeting the importance of personality in respect to student finance and responsibility will be discussed. Budgeting, finance organization, and accounting systems are problems which will be solved by Stewart at the meeting. During the progi’am, membjers of the Student Activities Bureau will take notes on the speech in order that a pamphlet can be published later containing a complete summary of the points presented. House managers, fraternity presidents, heads of activities, and everyone else interested in finance for similar organizations are invited to hear the discussion. Honorary Sponsors Annual Essay Contesi Ceres, agricultui’e agronomy honorary, is sponsoring its annual essay contest for all ag students. Entries, concerning some phase of ag--ronomy, are divided into two divisions, one for freshmen, one for upperclassmen. Winner of the freshmen division, will have his name engraved upon the Ceres cup and will be entitled to its possession for one year. First prize in upperclass division is the Dickerson cup. Second prize in both divisions is a bronze medal. The contest, which will close January 16, will be judged by the following members of the agronomy department: Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the department. Prof. J. P. Seaton, and Prof. F. E. Robbins. For further information see C. H. Seuffule, president of Ceres. ^
Foresters Will Dance To Hill
North Woods will be transplanted to the Union ballroom Friday night for the annual Foi’ester’s Ball, sponsored by the Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, and the Purdue Forestry Club. Amid decorations of pines, axes, saws, and little hatchets, the woodsmen will dance from 9 till 12 o’clock to the music of Tiny Hill’s orchestra. Balsam incense will add to the decoration effect. Harold Osborne, vocalist with the orchestra is shown above. Dance will be a sennd-formal affair, and the entire student body is invited. Tickets are priced at one dqllar and are on sale at the Union desk, Deac’s, and Southworth’s. The tickets may also be secured from John Nichols by calling 45111. Poles To Support Campus Live Wires Those new 28 foot poles between the Union and the Chemistry Building which sprang up over Christmas vacation are not for the convenience of ambitious campus tig'htwire walkers, but will soon carry a 2,300 volt three-phase high tension power line. The present service tunnel running to the Union from the Powerhouse, which carries electrical lines and steam lines for heating the Union, will be removed by excavators. They will leave the steam lines in place, while the new poles will temporarily support the pow’fer lines. The power line will be replaced in a tunnel as work on the Union addition nears completion. R. G. Bowman To Talk Before AIME Meeting R. G. Bowman, general superintendent of the East Chicago plant of the International Smelting and' Refining Company, will address the meeting of the American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers Wednesday night, in the Union tower room at 7:30 o’clock. Bowman has recently been appointed counselor for the Purdue chapter by the Chicago section of the AIME. He will keep in contact with the University chapter and aid in their activities throughout the year.
Orchestra Has Colorful History • By John L. Traugott Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, which will appear in the Memorial Gymnasium tonight, ranks among the nation’s premier musical organizations. The orchestra is a fourth-gener-ation musical youngster, having just passed its first anniversary. Roots of its present promise go back to the time of the Chicago fire when a group of Indianapolis musicians banded together to give a concert to aid the fire refugees. They called themselves the Indianapolis Philharmonic Society which was short lived. Twice after this first attempt, symphony orchestras were formed, only to die of public apathy. In 1936 when the struggling co-opei-ative orchestra founded by Ferdinand Shaefer seemed about to fold up the ghost, a group of wealthy men from all over Indiana endowed the Indiana State Symphony So-’ ciety. Incorporated. Fabien Sevitzky, one of the nation’s outstanding conductors was engaged to direct the new orchestra. The personnel consisted of leading musicians over the country. The State Symphony Society’s aim was to maintain and operate an orchestra which would add to the whole State’s’ cultural history. It was so arranged that the Symphony should give at least two concerts _a season at Pui’due and Indiana Universities. In only a year, since Sevitzky became conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony, it has been recognized and praised throughout the country by eminent musicians. Regular concerts are broadcast over a coast-to-coast network by the Columbia system. This year the orchestra will give concerts ik four Indiana cities. They will also give concerts in Chicago and at the University of Illinois. FBI Executive Will Lecture To Seniors Special agent Hai-old H. Reinecke head of the Indiana division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, will speak to students, especially seniors who may be interested in obtainindg a position with the FBI, on Thursday, January 12 at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the EE Building. Reinecke will speak primarily on the methods and activities of the technical staff employed by the bureau. He has his headquarters in Indianapolis, and has been associated with the FBI for a number of years. All students are invited to attend. Co-ed Tips On Cramming Postponed Until Thursday Changed because of tonight’s convocation, the “How To Study For Finals” meeting scheduled this evening for Residence Halls has been changed to Thursday night at 7 o’clock. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will speak at the meeting, and WRH Director Helen B. Schleman urges all hall residents to attend.
Orchestra Will Play Famous Symphonies Students, staff members, and townspeople will have an opportunity to hear the distinguished Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra tonight ^t 8 p. m. in the Memorial Gym. Under the leadership of Fabien Sevitzky, internationally known musical director and conductor, the or^ chestra will play the first of a series of two concerts to be held here during the coming year. The orchestra has just returned from a very successful engagement in their first out of state concert held in the Chicago Auditorium Theater. An audience of 3,000 Chicagoans was stirred to enthusiasm with a stamping of feet and applauding at the close of the Tschaikowsky symphony. Fabien Sevitzky was repeatedly recalled by the enthused music lovers imtil he consented to play an encore. Rudolph Reuter, noted Chicago pianist, who had started with the Indianapolis orchesti-a when it first began two years ago, expressed his opinion, saying that he was “thoroughly astounded at the tremendous progress made in so short a time.” Frederick Stock, director of the Chicago Symphony orchestra, called the concert “a very auspicious occasion.” Headlining the program tonight will be Tschaikowsky’s Symphony No. 5 in E Minor, featuring the Andante, Allegro con anima. Andante cantavile, con alcuna licenza, Valse, Allegro moderato, and Finale. Other musical works will include some of the finer works of well known composers. According to an announcement made by Prof. J. T. Gunn, Chairman of the Committee on Convocations and Lectures, admission will be by passports and season tickets of any color. For those who do not hold season tickets, they may be obtained for one dollar. Orchestra To Show Concert Versatility (Ed. Note—This is the last of a series of articles by Walter Whitworth, music critic for the Indianapolis News, intended to extend music appreciation on the campus with a view to tonight’s convocation.)
By Walter Whitworth Tschaikowsky is the most famous example of the Russian version of the romantic school of music. His subjectivism is more deeply pronounced than the subjectivism of the other romanticists. His music jumps, almost without warning, from hopeless gloom to the most unrestrained boisterousness. These extremes of temperament are traditionally part of the Russian character, and are in evidence in the folk songs and folk dances, but Tschaikowsky sets a mood against its antithesis with a greater and swifter sharpness than his contemporaries and colleagues. Opening of the Fifth Ssrmphony, a march-like rhythm, reveals the composer in a moment of Stygian darkness. If you like, you can hear in this somber theme, which recurs (Continued on page 4)
M E School Directs Varied Aeronautical Research At Airport
(Ed. Note; This is the second of a series ‘ of articles designed to bring students and faculty of the University up to date on current projects confronting workers in the various phases of industrial research on
^ the campus.) By R. E. Insley
A complicated but highly inter- ^ esting branch of research is now progressing at the University air- ) port under the direction of the ^ aeronautical- engineering depart-_ ment of the mechanical engineering school. So that this research may f progress systematically, the aeronautical staff has classified the projects into five definite groups. In the order of probable investigation they are listed as (1) flight research, which includes six subtopics. These are: measurement of ■j propeller torque while the plane is in flight, measurement of drag of a plane by towing it behind an auto-
mobile, characteristics of small wooden propellers to be determined by flight tests, development of apparatus for determining plane stability, measurements of lateral and directional stability, and tests on lateral and directional control of a plane. Plane Fabrication Under the heading of (2) plane fabrication (construction) and the structui'al research come three subtopics. Comparative tests of corrugated aluminum alloy sheets and corrugated stainless steel sheets as material for plane wing's is the first to be undertaken. Other projects are a study of strength of sheet metal joints made by various automatic fastening devices, and structural' efficiency tests of various types of metal rib wings.
Engines (3) is the simple title given to the next huge field of aeronautical men will delvb into. Nine subtopics giye a key to the importance of this pioject. First on the list lb tests on limiting factors of highly supercharged engines. Possibilities of volatile fuel injection, and single sleeve valve engines will offer two more projects to look into. Others on the docket include an oscillograph study of effect of airfuel ratio, ignition timing, types of fuel, cylinder temperatures, compression ratio, a^nd supercharging on engine cylinder pressures and pressure variation. New Type Engines Still under the heading of engines fall the proposed study of effectiveness of pi-esent engine instruments; the possibilities of “barrel” type
engines (eng'ines whose cylinder axis are parallel to the crankshaft, giving the engine the shape of a barrel); the possibility of multiple expansion, supercharged sleeve valve engines; steam power applications to aircraft (preferably large transport planes); and rocket propulsion. _Furi research (4) to be conductedin conjunction with the chemicaT engineering depax'tment has been divided into three subtopics. The limits of octane number, on supercharged engines, pqssibilities of heavy fuels, and a study of limits of available lubricants when treated with various vegetable and animal oil compounds for use where high power is required. New Forecasting System A new school of weather fore-
casting, namely air mass analysis, has suggested the aeronautical engineering department’s fifth field of research. Air mass analysis makes possible thi'ee dimensional forecasting as compared to the old theoides of two dimensional predictions, taking into account vertical as well as horizontal distribution of temperature. This new field follows closely the principles set forth by the Noi^ wegian experimenter, Pettersen. So much for the proposed aeronautical research plans. But how many of these projects are actually under way ? By the semi-annual report just submitted to Engineering Expei'iment Station, we see that the towing tests on the Piper Cub were run this summei-. With the aid of a specially constructed towing test rig, constructed by Paul Emmons of
the ME school, the force necessary to tow the Cub at various speeds up to 75 m.p.h. was determined by attaching behind a Ford Y-j8. Work on the design of photographic recording appaj-atus for towing tests on the Cub behind a lai-ger plane is now in progress. Work on the coi*relation of giDund and flightJ;ests on airplane engines has led to the development of a portable torque and thrust stand which is capable of reading torque and thrust continuously and automatically. This stand is to be used soon in tests on the effect of supercharging a small airplane engine. It is expected that the engine, a Franklin four cylinder opposed type, will be running within a few weeks and that the supercharging test will be (Continued on page 2)
111£dikhi£iL
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 10,1939
A Band For Basketball Let’s have a band out for the basketball games! Not a big one, just a little “pep-arous-picked bunch of Purdue bandsmen who could really beat out school songs, popular songs, or anything else that a live student body wants to hear at a Big Ten game. Just before we left for Christmas vacation, the Student Union in cooperation with the campus musical organizations sponsored a University carol sing. This was a definite step forward in the, creation of “small college school spirit” here in a very large University. The upswing of spirit during and following this student get-together was pretty impressive. Now another chance for encouraging this spirit has made itself apparent. We could readily take a lesson from the high schools of the state. With the onset of the basketball season, the season and sport for which Indiana is famed throughout the United States, the high schools literally go wild with enthusiasm and spirit! Take one high school as an example. The students sit in one section, much smaller in relation to the crowd than our student section. Next to the students, in the same stand with them, sits a portion of the high school band. It isn’t the whole band, no, but just enough of it that the music is unstilted and plenty husky. During the momentary lapses of activity on the floor, this band isn’t quiet for a minute. It plays school songs, Big Ten songs, popular songs, (several which were chosen by popular vote of the students during the preceding week) and any melody of the moment. With thebacking of this band the school spirit ran high during the whole game. Purdue has a band, and a good one—one of the best in the country. Surely from this organization, Spots Emrick could pick a group of musicians to form such a University “Pep Band” as might be welcomed at the games. Should it be said that a Big Ten basketball game is less colorful than a high school game.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the' post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per'year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager ...R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Bditors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager... :....M. C, Reeves Local Advertising Manager ..E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager : .....V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. WC Nevin Accounts Manager W. E; Smith Art Director - D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Scbilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard , EDITORIAL OFFICE Room i), Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone''4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE . Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. ' Phone 2792 represented for national advertisino bv National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. Neve York, N. Y. CHICASO ' BOSTON ' LOS ANSSLES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, _ uud_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick ' Issue Editor—Miers Tuesday, January 10, 1939
Collegiate Activity Bureau
By Joy Johnson The private library of famed economist Richard T. Ely has been acquired by Louisiana State University. It represents 60 years of collecting and is the second best important collection on economics acquired by any American library in this century.
A large estate consisting of two farms in Mai’shall County, la., was left to Goimell College by Mrs. May Montgomery Smith of Marshall, town, who died recently.
The University of Texas will construct a tearoom to be used as a laboratory by students of home economics who are Studying institutional management. M. E. School;(Continued from page 1) ready to run late in February. Probably the most unique and interesting to the student body is the project now under way testing a radio controlled gas model airplane. During the summer a. number of flights with the quarter scale model were made and movies taken of flights. Now, with much improved radio control, providing infinitely variable movement of both the rudder and elevators from a control stick located on the ground, it is expected the plane wiir again be in the air by the end of January. The control stick is situated near a stationary pilot plane on. which the movement of the control surfaces can be observed by tbe student. Wind Tunnel J. D. Bowen and Webb Mooi’e, senior mechanicals, are working on a complete reconstruction of the wind tunnel at the airport, and are installing instruments so that a given static orifice pressure will correspond to a known velocity distribution; and so that readings of life, drag, pitching moment, and angle of attack can be obtained for a model at a known wind velocity. D, D. Baals, graduate student, is installing new balances in the tunnel. . Construction of 1-12 scale wind tunnel models of the two planes now at the disposal of the department is nearly completed. Making and testing of wing spars is another project before the department. Because of limited facilities the research progT'am of the aeronautical department is somewhat hampered. However, plans to relieve this situation are now being considered by University authorities.
Lists Freshmen Not Contacted This is not a collegiate Who’s Who or a Congressional roll call, but a partial list of freshmen that the Activities Bureau has not interviewed. Interviews are held Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons from 2 to 5:30 in room F of the Union Building. According to Althea Jorgeson, junior co-ed secretary of the bureau initeiwiews wjill last about seven minutes and are to help freshmen determine in which field of activities they are interested. Is Your Name Here? Barnett, Blanken, Bosart, Browning, L. W. Bruck, Brumit, Brunner, Buntin, Bussell, Callender, Campbell, Carbaugh, Carl, Carlson, Cely, Cheney, Clennon, Conner, Cooper, Crain, Cridhley, Curran, Cutler, Dawson, Day, Decker, Deets, Dickey, Dimond, Dobson, Donnelly, Doolittle, Dose, Douglas, Dubsky, Dufon, Dunn, Easterday, Eckert, Eden, Edwards, Farlow, Feliniak. Fiscus, Fitch, Ford, Fonts, Freck, E.G. Freeman, Freyn, Friend, Funk, Freuchtennicht, Fultz, J. E. Galvin, J. M. Galvin, George, E. H. Gilbert, Glascock, Gommel, Good, Gooden, ■ Gourly, Green, Groff, Gust,Jlampton, Hastings, Haun, J. W. Hawkins, M. B./^awkins, Hayes, Hayt, Heck, Hedges, Helfrich, Helmich, Hendever, Henderson, Hennin. Or Here? Henry, Hienton, Hilbisch, Hillembrand, Hindman, Hisef, Homa, Irwin, Iselman, daggers, Jarrett, Jarvis, Jenkins, Jervis, C. E. Johnson, M. Johnson, R. Johnson, K.W. Jones, /W. L. Jones, Judd, Justice, K^f lina, Kearns, Keene, Keifer, C. W. I Keenedy, R. J. Keenedy, Kerns, Kersey, Kiltz, Kitchen, M. J. Klein. * R. W. Klein, Knight, Knop, Kowalczyk, Koitch, W. H. Ki-aemei*, C. G. Kramer, Kreig, Kroft, Kron, Ki’zewinski, Kuch, Kunh, Kupcha, Kupchick, Kurschner, Kwolek.
Home Ec Department Offers New Courses Ten new courses in the school of home economics were introduced during the past semester. The new courses range from “Infant Behavior” and, “Institution Cookery and Equipment” to “Drawing and Rendering” and “Ancient and Medieval Art.” In one, “Some Problems in Rig’ht Living,” eight men and one visitor are enrolled, besides a number of co-eds. , Three coui’ses in the study of nutrition have been introduced: “Field Nutrition,” “Readings in Foods,” and “Child Nutrition.” Also offered by the foods and nutrition department during the second semester are “Laboratory Technique in Nutrition” and “Family Food Problems.” Other courses include “Costume Selection,” and “Books and Pictures for Children.”
The campus tradition of classroom singing has been revived at the University of California.
A Radio Institute for Teachers, first permanent body organized to demonstrate to educators the possibilities of using radio for instruction, has been established by the Columbia Broadcasting System in connection with its American School of the Air. .
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
MORE FUN than a real circus... with thrills and throbs to leave
you breathless!
TOMMY KELLY (Ihe "Tom Sawyer" Kid) in
PICKS BAD BOYwiih THE emeus ANN GILLI$ I EDGAR KENNEDY — PLUS — ACCIDENTS I WILL HAPPEN — with —■ RONALD REAGAN GLORIA BLONDELL
or lacks the spirit of a small college net battle? Let’s get a Pep Band out there to greet our future basketball foes! —G. W. F.
Well it takes a transfer student to take the prize for the year. It is none other than JOHN LUNDBERG from SWEDEN. JOHN is now listed as the fastest boy on the campus you might-ask any of the co-eds if you don’t believe Peter. It looks like there is a new romance in the bud between MARGIE McGHEE. MARGE is a UNION shot and therefore has passes to everything and DICK is a has been. So in return DICK allows MARGE the privilege of sitting with him at the basketball games . .. Why don’t you tell MARGE about the Friday the thirteenth DICK. Then there is a fellow by the Name of FRED MENDEZ who is another campus heart breaker. Boy you have broken more , girl’s hearts than anyone on the campus—and now you’re taking it on the chin. —B-B— Dissention in the Delt House reached a climax this week end as Milt “Cutthroat” Reeves, Gala Week Committeeman reject, sliced two more brothers’ Adams’ apples with the finesse of a first ranking Purdue Beau Brummel — sporty car. Gimlet hat, and the old army line. The boys say, Stop it, Milt. We are getting sore.”
Browsing Room
By Jim Ashton Students who have been or are going abroad will find Walter Millis’ (author of “Road to War” and “The Martial Spirit”) book “Viewed Without Alarm: Europe Today” of particular interest. His vivid description of a trip from Paris to Moscow fires the imagination with realistic pictures of the situation as it exists in Europe today. He portrays Europe with its hate arid fear, its problems and its tragedies. Millis suggests you lend someone your copy of Karl Marx before entering Germany, and you should prepare to cache both “Mein Kampf” and Trotsky’s “History of the Russian Revolution” before entering Russia. Pei-haps the most intesting part of this book are his impressions of Soviet Russia where he describes his difficulties while traveling there. He said that in Russia you cannot do anything without getting perinission, and you cannot get permission without waiting hours or perhaps days at a window. These are always about 18 inches square and so low in the wall that you have to stoop down to see the mysterious person behind them. You must get permission to move, to buy and sell things, you must even get a visa to go from one city to another and that requires five or ten days. His genius in interpreting the future is vividly illustrated when he predicts non intervention on the part of England if Germany should attack Czechoslovakia. According to Millis possibilities of war in Europe ar& greatly exaggerated. Seeing it on home ground gives one a new perspective. •
umncfiTU TODAY - WEDNESDAY
bean will with dtement at iImi wondeta of ibia ^gteai SbowofSbowa* VICTOR HERBEfVrS
iln TECHNICOLOR IhMK M0R6MI*lRVi
‘Take all the time you want, dear—remember, Rome wasn’t built in a day!”
W BAA Programs
—^Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Secm’ity. 11:35—The Home Makers. 11:50-—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Jim Hoffman—pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—^Scientific News Review. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00:—Melody Time.
2:16—Mary Louise Switzer—pianist. 2:30—You and Your Child. „^, 2:46—Treasure Chest. . 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:30—Magic Carpet. 3:45—Joe" Rittenhouse—soft music. 4:00—^Heralds of Destiny. 4:15—Stinson Brothers—guitar. 4:S0—'Town Forum-!—Prof. Charles Murphy. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
University of Michigan astronomers, have taken pictures of calcium flames shooting 600,000 miles above the surface of the sun.
mess TODAY-.WEDNESDAY
Buck Benny * * ^ p-,«l
JACK BENNY' JOAN BENNEn>
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW MR, BOGGS STEPS OUT — and — WILLIAM BOYD — IN — CASSIDY OF BAR 20 — Also -—
LISklA.
Today-Wed.
Double Laugh Show!
IT'S A SWELIUVA FUHNY PICTURE!
Tne
■'■‘j?
'T f
r.
rTuesday, lonuoiry 1939
THE FURDUE
EXPONENT
Clevett Issues Call For Squash Players Students “fo Report To Coaches In Fieldhouse Tonight At Seven O'clock To instruct students in the fundamentals and rules of squash, Coach M. L. “Chief” Clevett issued yesterday a call for freshman and varsity playefS' to report in the Fieldhouse squash court balcony tonight at seven o’clock. Students must bring white soled shoes and a squash racquet, and attendance at this meeting is important, according to Clevett. H. B. Knoll, of the University English department will coach the freshman squad this year. He requests that students who have never played the sport before report tonight. Sports Staff Meeting There will l^,e a short meeting of all workers on the Exponent Sports Staff Thursday evening, January 12, at 7:30, in the Union offices. R. L. McDonald, Sports Editor.
Boilermaker Grapplers Trounce Armour Tech, 29-5 Swimmers
- To Oppose Wildcats
M. L. Clevett...
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
r‘OR HEALTH RECREATION AND SPORT
BOWL IN THE UNION BOWLING ALLEYS
J/UL fiwvdwL TyimufuaL UnJum. The Corner of the Campus— ^ Yet the Center of Activities
Riveters Win Seven Of Eight Matches From Claude Reedc.. Visitors; Papek Single Winner For Armour Winning seven out of eight matches, four by falls, ^Boilermaker groan and grunt squad administered a stinging defeat to Armour Tech’s wrestling contingent yesterday afternoon in
the Fieldhouse by a score of 29 to 5.
Starting- the matches, Berkheiser, " ' ■"
121 pound Riveter, tossed Tech’s Till in three minutes and 40 seconds, and Boilermaker Allman, in the 128 pound class, repeated by throwing McDaniel in three minutes and 20 seconds. Papek, Armour Tech’s lone winner during the meet, pinned Linderman in six minutes and four seconds in the 135 pound class. Purdue’s Papurca won a decision over Hanna by winning nine points to the
host’s five. Shortest match of the meet was in the 156 pound class. Boilermaker Tyrell tossed Harrison in two minutes and 45 seconds. Post of Purdue was awarded a decision over Kaz. 175 pound Boilermaker Brown won his fall over Tullgera. Heavyweight Aronson, Riveter representative, battled Balsevik for seven minutes and 30 seconds before pinning the visitor.
. . . Riveter squash coach, who has been piloting the local team through its most successful schedule in recent years.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Varsity, Frosh Group Reports For Initial Track Practice Coach Heimon Phillips, confronted with "the problem of getting his Boilermaker thinlies in shape for the present season, started 60 varsity and 100 freshmen trackmen to work last night in the Fieldhouse. The Riveters’ practice consisted of a “loosening-up” session. Among those likely to see action for the Boilermaker squad aie dash-' men Wadleigh, Reeves, Resnick, and Tycocki; hurdlemen Luther, Simmons, Shackleton, Dote, and Armiston. Broad-jumping will be handled by Wadleigh and Tycocki. The distance runners Vill be headed by Captain Ait Bodeau, Gaulke, Harozick, Holderman, Reeves, Knapp, White, and Fatout. Shot-putteis for the Riveters will be Kessler, Vergane, Kenyon, Win6hell, and Weber. Campbell, Horton, Hibbs, and Edwards will be entered in the pole-vault.
. . . Boilermaker wrestling mentor, who coached the Purdue squad to their first win yesterday since the reinstatement of the sport last year.
ielder’S... ...choice
WAA News
Members of Triton Club will meet today at 7 p. m. and participate in an aquatic spelling bee. Performance of swimming feats will be substituted for spelling of words. Betty Spears, Gaby Roe, Foberta Corson, compose the committee in charge of the event. —WAA— Recreational swimming will be open to co-eds Thursday at 7:30. —WAA— All activities that meet at 4 p.m. will not be held on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday of this week because of the Agricultural Conference.
Intramural Notices
—Table Tennis— Wednesday—7:00 p. m. Team No. 6 vs. Team No. 8. Team No. 9 vs. Team No 10. Thursday—7 :00 p. m. Team No 2 vs Team No 4. Team No. 5 vs. Team No. 1. Saturday—1:30 p. m. Team No. 8 vs. Team No. 2. Team No. 6 vs. Team No. 7. Team No. 5 vs. Team No. 6.
Basketball—^Today Court No 1—^J. Kurtz. 7 ;00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7 .16—Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:26—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Acacia. 8:40—Sigma Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi. Court No 2—^F. A. Smithson 7.00—Sigma Phi Kpsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma 7 :15—Kappa Delta Eho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:25—Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Tau. 8:40—Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau. Court No. 3—R W. Michael. 7 :00—Delta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Npsilon. 7:16—Theta Xi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8:26—Triangle vs. Theta Chi. 8:40—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Court No 4—J. G. Straley. 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Dambda Chi Alpha.
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile ... For Business or Pleasure ... REIMERS RENT-A-CAR Phono 6455 314 N. Fonrlh
By Bruce Witwer We watched the wrestling team grappling through their first meet of the season yesterday afternoon against Armour Tech . . . looks like a good season ahead with that 29-5 score, the bruisers from Tech taking only one match out of eight. —^fc— The only thing lacking to make the fracds really exciting was the lack of resentment aaginst the referee which colors the pro fights . . . we suggest that Coach Reeck sign up some little tough guy like Joe Mihal or Bill Vergane as referee and let the boys take some of their spite out on him ... then they would probably haul in the spectators by the hundreds. —^fc— Aronson won the heavyweight bout for Purdue and Stubby Meiers handled the announcing assignment . . . not much apparent tie-up there but Stubby decided to give up-fresh-man football one sunny day when he was a yearling when Aronson mistook him for a tackling dummy. —^fc— If it hadn’t been for Aronson, we might be issuing our plaudits today to “Streak Stubby” Meiers, the great quarterback, instead of to “Screaming Stubby” the great yellleader . . . ah, how the fates weave their fatal web. V
Our No. 50 Student Special Desk During January The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak. MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Student’s Desk in the world PRICE H9.00 Free Delivery Anywhere
FREE A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter given FREE with each desk.
^.ength 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 110 pounds Three Large Drawers, Ili/2x4>4x22 in. and One Large Center Drawer The Writing Bed is 5-PIy 1 Inch Thick Add $1.00 for Walnut ALL DESKS have center drawer with lock HAYWOOD’S Retail Department Established 1826 ' Fifth and Ferry Sts.
Inexperienced Squad Opens Current Season . With Meet At Evanston A comparatively inexperienced swimming squad, headed by Capt, Walter Lahey, free style dash artist, and George Wildhack, promising junior fancy diver, will stack up against formidable opposition as it opens its season next Saturday with Northwestern’s well-balanced combination at Evanston. Lahey and Wildhack, who failed to place in-Jhe Big Ten championships last season, were consistent winneis in dual meets, and with added expenence, according to Coach Lany LaBree, will be strong contenders in their specialties dui*ing the coming dual meet season. Lahey Supporters Suppoi-ting Lahey in the dashes will be Clinton Aucker, junior, and Alfred Risser, sophomore, while Wildhack will be given plenty of point support in diving by Garland Craig, senior. In the distance events, John Graham, junior, looks like the best bet in the 440 yard grind, while Lorenzo Ai-mstrong, senior, heads the 220 yaid contingent. Both Graham and Armsti’ong have shown considerable improvement in early drills. In the back stroke, Gilman Tredwell, senioi', is being pushed by Fred Mott, sophomore, while Eldon Carr, senioi, is expected to be the strongest contender in. the breast stroke. mini Falfer, Drop Tilt To Hoosiers In Last Half, 29-28 Champaign, 111., Jan. 9—(Special) —Indiana overcame an early Illinois lead to defeat the Illini, 2928, in a game that saw the Hoosiers’ tight defense causing Illinois to miss 19 consecutive shots at the start of the second half. Ernie Andres and Bill Menke led Indiana with seven points apiece while Pick Dehner scored 13 points to" to pace the Illini. With two minutes remaining in the last half Illinois put on a drive to pull ..within a single point of the i Hoosiers. Shapiro hit from the center of the floor and Hapac made a charity toss but the final gun cut the Illinois rally short. Illinois led at the half, 13-9.
Minnesota 36, Iowa 29 Minneapolis, Minn., Jan. 9—“Pop ’em Ben” Stephens, Iowa’s sharpshooting forward, garnered 20 tallies against Minnesota tonight, but his single-handed efforts were not enough. The Gophers swept the Hawkeyes oif their feet with a 36 to 29 victory for their 18th consecutive victory.
Michigan 37, N'wesfern 2S Evanston, 111., Jan. 9.—Michigan, paced by their lanky center James Rae, who scored 14 points, topped Northwestern in a rough, loosely played ball game, 37-28. Twentyseven fouls were called, 14 on the Wolverines and 13 on the Wildcats. It was Michigan’s first victory in two Big Ten starts, and the defeat was Northwestren’s second straight in conference competition. \
Chicago 28, Wisconsin 18 Chicago, 111., Jan. 9.—Chicago’s quintet tripped Wisconsin here tonight 28 to 18, because of the Badgers’ inability to hit the basket and the Maroons’ iron-clad defense. Dick Lounsbmy, Chicago lanky center, won high point honors with 10 points. It was Wisconsin’s first Big Ten loss and Chicago’s first win. Big Ton Standings —
W
h
Pet.
Pts
OP
Minnesota
2
0
1.000
74
53
Purdue
I
0
1.000
35
24
Ohio State
I
0
1 000
46
38
Indiana
I
I
.500
67
78
Illinois
.. 1
I
.600
68
4»
Chicago
r
1
.600
66
68
Wisconsin
1
1
.600
46
62
Michigan
1
1
.600
67
58
Iowa .. .
0
1
.000
63
64
Northwestern .
2
.000
68
72dCacat Odiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ntiroA ■
Tuesday, Tantiary 10,1939
Orchestra To;(Continued from page 1) again and again throughout the en^ tire work, the voice of that Fate against which Tschaikowsky always believed he was struggling. The eatly mood of depression does not last long, however, for the music suddenly changes into allegro con anima, where the main theme begins, and where a second theme soon appears. The first theme, in spite of its animation, is still colored with melancholy, but the second theme gives evidence of a momentary freedom from the oppressions of fate, and dances merrily and brightly. These themes are developed, and lead into a typically Tschaikowskian climax, resounding and vigorous, after which there is a slow diminution to the atmosphere of the opening. Theme of the second movement is ‘one of those melodies for which the hyper-romantic Tschaikowsky had a flair. Philip Goepp, in his “Symphonies and Their Meaning,” puts into a few words what-concert-go-ers, by and large, feel, rvhen they hear this song of exceptional beauty. He says: “It is a wonderful elegy, a yearning without hope, a swan-song of desire, sadder almost than the frank despair of the Finale of the Pathetique Symphony— pulsing with passion, gorgeous with a hectic glow of expressive beauty, moving, too, with a noble grace. Though there is a foil of lighter humor, this is overwhelmed in the fateful gloom of the returning main motto.” There are two tremendous climaxes in the movement, which, like the first movemient, ends quietly. Substitution for Scherzo The usual third movement of a symphony is a Scherzo, but Tschaikowsky has substituted a pleasant and graceful waltz for the quicker and livelier tempo. This is almost the first time that a waltz has been used as a symphonic movement, but, since Tschaikowsky’s music is frequently impulsive rather than logically thought-out (he made the admission himself), the .impulsive inclusion of a lilting dance rhythm seems to lend charm to the work. Although the first movement is referred to,’now and then,-in the closing movement, as if the composer could not rid himself of the idea of omniscient Fate, there is less distressing gloom. The problem has been faced, as it were, and the conclusion seems to be that. there are rays of light, even if life is still - pervasively sad. Harry Mefzer Plays Organ At Ag Meeting Preceding each of the general sessions of the Agricultural Confer-. ence in Eliza Fowler Hall this, week, Harry Metzer, University organist, will play special numbers on the electric organ. Recitals will start at 12:45 p. m.-, a half hour before the opening of the speaking pi’ograms. First of the musical interludes was presented yesterday afternoon.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machinee as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main street
WANTED—Two boys for room and board across from Michael Golden Shops. 428 Grant. Double room, single beds.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Just before vacation, one Sigma Chi fraternity pin. Name on back. Call Jim McKee, 61163.
FOUND—Skull and Crescent key. Will be returned for cost of ad. E. Hall,” 330 N. Grant.
RjEWARD—For gold broach with coral Betting lost in ballroom Friday. Call 61153.
ROOMS FOR RENT — FOR-REN-T—Furnished—room- with or. without board. Reasonably priced. 117 Chauncey Ave., West Lafayette, Phone 2722. APARTMENT and board for group of students, or room and board. Phone 2309. FOR RENT—Double room to la^ shared with student. Reasonably priced. 416 Main. West Lafayette. FOR RENT—Large front downstairs bedroom for two boys. Single beds. One block from Union. Phone 31643.
FOR SALE FOR. SALE—^I’wo tuxedo suits. Siue 36. Good condition. Cull 66364 after 6 p. m.
Ex-Boilermakers Star For Kautskys In Pro Basketball League By Gordon Jenkins Playing the same kind of razzledazzle basketball that made them outstanding stars at Purdue from 1935-39, Johnny Sines and Jewell Young, now starring with the Kautsky All-Americans, have been the spark of their attack in the National Basketball League. Young.is leading the individual scoring list of the league with an average of 11.66 points per game. Foremost among the scoring successes was his play against the Sheboygan Redskins when he chalked up a total of 26 points. Sines, his running mate for three years in college, has been playing brilliant ball this year as his running mate in the “Big League” basketball conference. However, when the Kautskys made their eastern invasion, Sines was left behind with two. other teammates. Wooden Still Good Third, but by no means the least of the Purdue graduates who form the nucleus of the Kautsky quintet, is Johnny Wooden, All-American guard of 1931. Many fans claim that Johnny is every bit as fast as he was when, he thrilled Boilermaker fans from
1929-32. ^ brilliant dribbler and exceptionally good defensive man, Johnny is the bulwark of the Kautsky defense.
and <Jder By Georgann Schilling
A, bit of blank(er) verse dedicated to all our chums who go in for this sort of thing— “Always the sotto / Stinko and blotto. ( In a ghetta grotto. Always the last Always a bog A ghost aghast ■ A gag agog. —H-H— Perhaps two youthful lads on a bicycle built for one is not an unusual sight, but two youthful lads riding a bicycle built for one in a manner we recently observed is news! Every morning a few minutes before the Heavilon clock hits the fatal eight chimes, these two eds may be seen navigating down Gi’ant street onto Northwestern avenue. One boy, a blond, sits on the handle bars of the vehicle and pedals backwards while his fellow-pas-*senger guides the bicycle sitting at the customary place and letting hisi legs dangle down. Who says. there is nothing new under the sun?
Government Remains Quiet Concerning inau'guration Of Air Training Service No official information concerning plans of the Federal Government . to inaugui'ate free training for pilots here at the University has been received yet, according to K. D. Wood, professor of Aeronautical Engineering. As this training service was supposed' to start within a month, details should arrive very soon, possibly"^ithin the next few weeks. Possibility that the Government would offer free training in order to inci’ease the number of available reserve pilots has aroused much interest on the campus.
meeting will, be held Tuesday, January 10, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Gymnasium at 6:50 p. m. on Tuesday, January 10. —WORCESTER.
Purdue Flying_ Club: Very important meeting of all class “A” members in Union lounge at 7 p. m. Tuesday, January 10. —CHEVEDDEN.
Ceres: Important meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Tuesday, January 10, at 7 p. m. All members please attend. —HORNER.
Modern Dance Students: Tryouts for a dance group which will participate in Midwest PE Conference in March, will be held Wednesday, January 11, at 4 p. m., in' the hygiene lecture room. —KNIGHT.
Track: All track men and managers are requested to report for practice at the Fieldhouse. There i? to be a meet within a few weeks. (1-10) —PHILLIPS.
WSGA House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Tuesday, January 10, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will speak. All members are expected to be present. —JAKES.
WSGA: There will be no WSGA training school for remainder of this semester. (1-10) J) —LEAMING.
PEW Classes: All freshman" and sophomore women enrolled in PEW classes are to report to the Education Building, room 201, at one of the following hours. Hours for freshmen: Tuesday. January 10, at 3; Wednesday, January 11, at 3 and 4. Sophomore hours: Tuesday, January 10, at 2; 'Wednesday, January 11, at 2 ; Thursday, January 12, at 4. Attendance is required. —HAZELTON.
Pistol: All members and men trying out for the pistol team report at the Armory, 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 10. —HOLMES.
Advanced Military; Seniors and juniors in advanced military will be paid at the main office of the Armory from 11:60 a. m. to 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 10. —MORSE.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday night, January 10, at 7 :30 in the Worrien’s Pool. Special program has been arranged. —JORGESON.
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday, January 11, at 7:15 p. m. in room B of the Union. —MILLER.
Notices
WAA Riflery: Ward 2 at 6:15 p. ni. ; Alpha Xi Delta, 7 p. m. ; WRH South, 7:46 p. m. ; Alpha Chi Omega, 8 :30 p. m. Tuesday, January 10. —SMITH.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, January 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the 'Union. —MACK.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in Union, room C, at 7:15 p. m. Wednesday, January 11. —ZIMMER.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meet in the Engineer office at 5 p. m. Tuesday, January 10. , —BEHREND.
WSGA House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Tuesday, January 10, at 4 p. m. in room B. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will speak. AH members are expected to be present. - ■' —JAKES.
Mortar Board: Meeting at 6 p. m. Thuraday, January 12, in WSGA office. —WOOD.
Student Senate: No meeting until further notice. Ali senators are requested to attend leadership school on Thursday, January 12, to hear R. B. Stewart speak on “Finances.” —ELLIOTT.
Glee Club: Tickets are in the music 'office. (1-10) , —WORCESTER.
Pi Tau Sigma: New members get keys at 1016 First Street. (1-10) —HARVEY.
Motorcycle Club: Very important business meeting 7 p. m., Thursday, January 12, in room A of the Union Building. Be there. —STRIEBY.
Debris Sales Staff: Important meeting Tuesday, January 10, at 4 p. m. —EDWARDS.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday night January 11 at 7 :46 in WSGA office. —LEAMING.
Silver Mask: Meeting Wednesday, January 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Union. —LEVIN.
GRIN AND BEM IT
By Lichty
AIME: There will be a meeting Wednesday, January 11, at 7:30 p. m. in Union tower room. -DOWN.
Scrivener; No meeting Sunday, January 8. First meeting to be Thursday, January 12, at 7:30 p. rn. at Prof. Fatout’s, 808 Rose street. —JUSTIN.,
Chemistry 1 and 2: Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14, 1939, at 1-4 p. m. Application for any of these examinations should be made at room 103 chemistry laboratory annex before Thursday, January 12. The examination fee does riot need to be paid when application is obtained, but must be paid before the examination is taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular Glee Club: Ushers report at the Women’s
They Feel as Fine as They Look Crown Cleaned Clothes not only improve your personal appearance but give a marked degree of comfort. Formprest clothes are formi fitting, an exclusive feature with Crown.
FIN E C L E A^'N E R S OF FINE C L O T'H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
“I wish you’d stop'that shagging long enough to let the custard set!.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. & REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac"essorles and repairing. MULHAUPra — 209-11 5th St. Phone 2828
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Printing
SUDDEN SERVICE
P
RINTING Office SUIIoncry. . Wedding Invlteliont
..u/sKic — Elc.... PHONE ^ 2628 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
You Tell ^em, Mr. Merchant; At this time of the year when many of you are having clearance sales, you’ll want to tell the stuV dents of your bargains. An ad in this space will bring the students thru your doors.
THE
Business Phone — 5038
T t '■ Y } v
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Dinner meeting at the Phi Kappa Tau house Tuesday, January 10, at 6 o’clock. Important. Meeting will be adjourned in time for convocation. .a -DEAN.
r Y' r
i K. \ % YY'