Holm Dancers To Give Recital
X urdue Exponent
Volume 51, No. 108
Tuesday, February 18, 1940
Riveters Drop Chicago U., 52-30
Hanya Holm with her dance company will present a modern dance recital in Fowler Hall tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock. The recital was arranged by Helen Knight, a member of the Women’s physical education department and the Modern Dance Clubs, and with the assistance of the Women’s Athletic Association, physical education department for women. Student Union board. Gold Peppers, Women’s Self Governing Association, faculty and townspeople. Miss Holm’s recital program is new and entirely different from any she has given before. It will include the following five dances: Dance of Introduction, which is made up of solos and company dances; Tragis Exodus; Dance of Work and Play, a comment on work as an essential part of m^n’s being; Two Primitive Rhythms; and Metropolitan Daily, which deals with the different sections of a newspaper. Each dance portrays a different phase of modern dance. The choreography for the entire program is done by Miss Holm. The dancers will be accompanied by Freda Miller, who does the music for the fiances, and Herman Chaloff, pianists. Tickets are one sale at the women’s gym and will be on sale at Fowler Hall tomorrow night for faculty and tovmspeople. Co-eds will be admitted any time upon presentation of passports and eds will be admitted at eight o’clock in same manner.
Beware! Tomorrow Cupid's Arrows Fly;
H.C. Wolfe, Author 'German Octopus,' Slated For Convo Henry C. Wolfe, journalist and authoJ of the book on Adolf Hitler’s rise, “The German Octipus,” will discuss “What Is Happening in the World Today” at the next University Convocation, ’Thursday evening, February 16, in the Memorial Gymnasium. Twenty-two years of association with European affairs, including service on both the French and Italian fronts, a year in Russia with the Hoover commission, and recent newspaper work in central Europe, have given Wolfe an opportunity to study the peoples, government, id^alogies, and the policies that have influenced war and peace. Wolfe spent the last summer visiting Danzig, Warsaw, Bucharest, Belgrade, Vienna, Berlin, Budapest, and other cities in central Europe and the Balkans.
In Spite Of Everything, Love Marches On Potter, Estcy Offlciul
Speakers At Meeting
By Daniel Q. Pid War or peace, prosperity or depression, rain or shine, love seems to go on unmolested. Yes, even if we did loose to Indiana last Saturday night, those little love messages called Valenties continue to be sent to and fro across the country. No longer are Valentines confined to lovers or would-be Romeos and Juliets. At the local dispensesrs of stereotyped affection, namely Deac’s and. Southworth’s, your wandering scribe, in search of something new in this love business, found Something old, something new something, borrowed, something blue! And he didn’t gdt to a wedding
either.
Nothing New There was nothing new about the large groups of students grouped around the various counters in both stores. Both male and female customers of Cupid’s love darts lined the tables, stacked high with the red and white greetings. Old was the furtive manner in which the shy frehman sidled up to the counter and suddenly seized a Valentine, when the crowd momentarily thinned, handed the clerk the exact change, and hurried out of the
store.
Something new was the increased demand for Valentines for relatives. In our musings we discovered that the demand this year for cards for
Mother, Dad, Aunt Emma, Uncle Herman, Sister Gertie and Brother Jim far exceeds that of other years. Do we not a trend? But the one person in the world who will top the group is Grandma! We can’t figure it out. Maybe a man’s best friend is his grandmother! Sad Boy, No? Something blue was the little shaver over at the counter at which the penny notes were being distributed. The little fellow was faced with the dilemma of wanting to buy one Valentine from a stack that was marked 5 for $.06 and he only had a penny. What threatened to develop into a major catastrophe ended up happily when someone slipped him a whole nickel so that he could buy four. He was then troubled'with what to do with the other three since he only had one girl friend. We left at this point. Confucius Says .. . But try as we would, we found not one sign of our dear friend Confucius. The old boy must have missed out on this love business. But then Confucius was a wise man and that might account for the absence of any of his philosophy written on anything so signfiicant as a Valentine. Had he said anything it probably would have been “Man who pitch woo on paper need good lawyer.” Thank God he didn’t say
it.
U. S. College Students Oppose Compulsory Military Service
(Student Opinion Surveys of America) While the youth of Europe marches off tb the battle fronts, American college students stand overwhelmingly opposed even to the mention of compulsory military service in the United States. ' This is revealed in a coast-to-coast poll conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America, results of which show that 81 per cent of the men and women attending the nation’s colleges and universities are against requiring “every ablebodied American boy 20 years old to go into the Army or Navy for one year.” Poll Shows . . . The poll was taken using a scientific cross section that includes exact proportions of the different types of students registered in all the institutions of higher learning. College men, who would have to c^rry the guns and do the marching, were found to be most opposed, only 17 per cent favoring. But 21 per ceht of the half million jrbrls going to college said that they favored military training—-for the
boys. The national results follow: Men Women Both Should i-equire 17% 21% 19% Should NOT req. 83 79 81 These figures contrast with those of a recent poll taken by the Surveys, in which 87 per cent of the collegians declared themselves for R.O.T.C. training on the campus, 4 per cent more men than women giving their approval. Of those approving, however, 58 per cent speci- ' fied that it should be voluntary. Public, Students Agree The attitude of campus youth on Army and Navy Service is congruent with that of the American public, for in other national polls opinion has been registered emphatically against initiating this practice now so prevalent abroad. One explanation of the large vote students tqrned in against compulsory service may be that a good many believe the United States can stay out of the present war. In a Survey last December, 68 per cent, of them were of that opinion.
Beretta, Blanken, Lonsbury Lead Scoring; Indiana Victory Continues Big Ten Tie Chicago, 111., Feb. 12 (Special)— Chicago University basketball provided some feeble resistance toward an invasion of its court last night, and then dropped a 52-30 decision to the invading Purdue cagers. The half score was 33-16. Three men grabbed eleven points to lead the scoring for the evening: they were Purdue’s Blanken, and Beretta, and Chicago’s Lonsbury. The Maroons hung close to the Boilermakers throughout the initial minutes of the game, as the score stood 13-10, Purdue, after ten minutes of play, but at this point the Chicago club cracked, and Purdue leather filled the buckets for some real score board turning. ..Ill — Chicago Hung On . With Purdue holding a narrow 13-10 lead, Fisher hit two fouls followed by Blanken’s seventeen foot line toss. Chicago, still trying to hold on, saw its Lonsbury and Wagenberg hit a foul and a goal to bring the score to 16-13, but here the CSiicago lads lost the trail, and Sprowl, Beretta, and Blanken literally filled the hoop with basketball. Tierney entered the game just before the half ended to perform for his home town folks, and his terrier-like actions got the Maroon offense into such a frenzy that scoring for the Boilermakers and stealing was like taking candy from a fondling. Purdue left the court with the job half done at 33-16.
Chicago's Terrier
Of Local Engineers Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering, and Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the Department of History, Economics and Government, will be the speakers at a meeting of engineers of Tippecanoe and surrounding counties at 7:30, Friday evening in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dean Potter will discuss “Unity Among Engineers” and Dr. Estey will speak on “Engineers and Economists.” Following the meeting there will be a discussion of the proposal to form a Lafayette chapter of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers. WSGA Announces Freshman Call Out All freshmen women who are interested in participating in the activities of'the Women’s Self Governing Association are urged to attend a meeting at 4 o’clock today in the WSGA office, room 362 of the Union. Ruth Hall will explain the organization, work, and activities of WSGA. Chairmen of the various committees will discuss the work of the committees. These committees and their heads are: Treva Berry, social; Mary Jane Carr, faculty-stu-dent relations; Ruth Hall, vocation; Libby Barnes, freshman orientation; Mary Ellen Scarff, May Day; Marianna Wilson, elections, Bonnie House; activities; Margaret Mitchell, residence, and Doris Gamble, ofce. After the meeting freshmen may sign up to work on any of these committees. A. P. Stewart Announces New Additions To Choir Albert P. Stewart yesterday announced the new members of the University Choir. They are requested to appear at the first rehearsal today at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Those selected are as follows: soprano, Helen Atkins, Elizabeth Gifford, Helen Hunsicker, Ann Julian, Dorothea M. Larsen, Mary Smith; alto, Eugenia Basham, Marilyn Fifield, Bettie Ann Groves; tenor, Robert Allen, J. W. Carter, Lawrence Hess, C. J. Miles, J. W. Peters, Bob Reveal, John C. Thompson, Louis Wolf Orel; bass, Ralph W. .^- lin, Richard Culp, J. E. Day, Harold B. Ratcliff, J. W, Smith, Eddie Sopcak.
. . . Mickey Tierney, who last night performed before his home folks and turned in a good performance.
Dr. GilbrethWiil Advise Seniors On Empioyment “What an Employer Looks for in the College Graduate” will be the subject of Dr. Lillian C. Gilbreth’s senior employment lecture today at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of the electrical engineering buildjing. Today’s lecture is the second in a weekly series of four scheduled. Dr. Gilbreth, a management engineer, is professor of management at the University. She will discuss four viewpoints from which the college graduate will be rated.
Huge Mass Meeting Planned For Frosh Interested In Union Tomorrow afternoon at 4:16 Student Union will hold a mass meeting in the reception room of the Union for all freshmen interested in Union work. Louise Schickler, coed executive, Dave Brubeck, executive, and Vince Hruby, activities chairman will speak to the freshmen in order to acquaint them with the various functions of the Student Union. Each freshman attending this meeting will be assigned to a staff headed by a Union vice-president. During the semester the work of the students will be varied in ordeb that everyone may become acquainted with the different departments. Regular Union work consists of office work, ling records, correspondence, the making of mixer decorations and posters. Other union activities include the arranging of meetings of union sponsored clubs, programs for swing sessions, tea dances, the browsing room, selling tickets for mixers and shows, ushering at swing sessions, and outside work on the annual gymkhana ^and the all-university sing.
Tierney, Sprowl, Blanken, Beretta, and Yeager opened the second half for the Boilermakers, and it was soon evident that Lambert’s forces were bent on keep a twenty point lead that they had acquired soon after the half started. Chicago started the ball rolling when Stamp hit a long fielder to coimt the scoreboard at 33-18, but Blanken retaliated, and the Gold and Blacks were off to the races. Blanken hit two o^ hand pivots in a row to increase the Purdue margin of 37-18. Blanken then finished his scoring for the evening (With a bucket and Purdue’s thirtyninth digit. Stamp hit a free throw for Chicago, and from then on, 3919, it Was point for point, until substitute Korschot’s long heave found the nets for Purdue’s evening total of 62 points. After Purdue had hit the scoring doldrums, and so did Chici^go, one of those five minutes of foeefor all free b?ill contests thus took place with Tierney coming out from almost every pile with the leather, only to have some luckless teammate lose it again. Purdue’s victory along with Indiana’s drubbing of the Wolverines Jeft the conference lead in the 'hands of the two Hoosier clubs, mini Here Saturday The Purdue team arrived home late last night, and after a rest this afternoon will prepare for the coming battle with the Illini and the remarkable Hapac this coming Saturday.
Puttering Room Offers Relaxation A freshman girl cocks her paint- — ed head and surveys coquettishly a dismal female nude, a beetle browed, blackhaired sophomore admires “au grand serieux” his very passable sculpture, an engineer finds no place for his beloved slide rule while fashioning a gray shapeless glob of potter’s clay. A host of fugitives from melancholia find an outlet for Freudian complexes, and many others just have fun in that very interesting workshop, the Memorial Union’s Puttering Room. Back in 1938, the faculty and the executive council of the University felt or were persuaded that something was needed in a technical school of the size and complexity of Purdue to give the students some idea of art other than that offered by the Union’s Music and Browsing
rooms.
Workshop Provided The outcome of several discussions was the sponsorship of a workshop where those persons other than the infinitesimal number of erudite among the stqdent body could learn .something of the arts through practical study. The Puttering Ruom, safely tucked away in the Union Tower» is tbe only one of its kind in the country
tance of useful application of leisure time in this manner is evidenced by the dozens of letters that have been received from other large universities asking for information.
Popular Appeal
The popular appeal of the Puttering Room lies in the fact that not only ^0 the talented, but prinat the present time. The impor-
cipally to the mere putterers, are the facilities of the workshop open. With this very important fact continually in mind, the Puttering Room Administration has made available all the facilities and raw materials to allow any imagination to run riot. And some very useful, sometimes decorative arti^es, too,
have been evolved.
'W0mm.
ftei«' ■.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 13, 1940
Student Union Toform
Co-eds 0/Z^ Art Club; Starts March T
By Louise Stiers With these spasms of daily “sprig had cub” weather, maybe with a touch .of optimism we can broaden it to week or even month, it is only natural that a young maid’s fancy should lightly turn to some of the exciting things put out by some of the commercial sources of beauty. Peggy Sage has- come out with a trio of spring greeters which range ^rom Fez, the reddest red you can find, and Mantilla, which is a luscious rosy red, to Sari, which iS' a honey—more of a pellow pink. Dorothy Gray is presenting a new color Cockade, which will successfully carry you through the red, white and blue season to come. Elizabeth Arden is now sponsoring two new interesting glamourizer colors. Coquette and Prince’s Feather, which are as good as they sound. Jewelry -will be flowery in all its phases — necklaces, fetching little buttonieres, ’n everything. And bags are crushy with that pouchy look —^most fetching. For that “breath of spring,” try Harriet Hubbard Ayer’s divine Honeysuckle perfume. Luckily the season of those dainty, frilly sheer white blouses is approaching and this year’s models are loves. The Valentine note has been struck in a shirt-waist model decorated -with clever love-knot studs that give that feminine touch with a sizzle. —CO— Jacket dresses in thin wool will rival suits this spring. The jackets come in any length and type you prefer and are so “the last word.” Grey is going to be “the” color these first spring days, with plain colors in “high” tones, like toast, coming right along. Midriff interest will be cleverly treated in both coats and dresses. Huge pockets will still be a success on everything— Coats, dresses, jackets, shirts, etc. And hoods on everything! And here’s something new in the cigarette sun—called Debs in honor of the girls; mild in honor of the throat; and are rose-tipped in honor of the aesthetic males who loathe the red brands on snowy white cigarettes. Nation'sBiggest ... name bands will furnish the music by recording for the tea dance sponsored by the. student Union to be held in the new ballroom this afternoon from 4 to 6:30.
An Art Club will be formed by the Student Union, according to an announcement made last night by’ Bun Clarke, Union vice-president. ’ Plans at pi-esent call for an organization meeting on or about March 1. Students who 'have been interested in the work of the Puttering room or those who have any special interest in such a club are urged to co-operate in the organization of the club. An announcement of the exact time and place of the meeting will be made later in the Exponent.
TbuoA.
Today is the day of the long awaited intramural swimming meet. All girls who have had three half hour practices are eligible to enter any of the events. The events open to the WAA members are: the 40 yard dash, free style, 100 yard dash, 60 yard dash medley, 80' yard dash, relay, free style side stroke, crawl, and others. Any members of the facility or the student body are cordially in-vited to attend any or all of the events in which they are interested. A silver loving cup will be presented to the group which obtains the greatest total number of points. —-waa— Plans for the Penny Carnival should be started by the different organized houses immediately, as the date set for this occasion is March 9thi Awards will be given to the group having the most original booth, and to the booth taking in the most money. —^Waa— Latest sport to interest fun loving members of the WAA is that perennial favorite of native Indianian’s, basketball. A tournament has just been Organized, in which four “leagues,” composed of the various organized houses and halls, participate. Each league will play round robin games with other members of the same .division, followed by inter-league play-offs of the individual team winners. The various leagues are made up of the following teams: League 1, Kappa, Alpha Xi, Wards 2 and 4; team 1 WRH south. League 2, Thaeles. Delta Gamma Colony, team number 2, WPH north, team 2, WRH west. League C, Alpha Chi, Pi Phi, Ward 1, team 2, \YRH south. Phi Mu, Chi Omega, Ward 3, and team 1, west WRH.
LESLIE HOWARP. '»HO IS CAST AS iHE IDEALISTIC ASHLEV WILKES, EXCELLED IN POLO, TENNIS AND CRICKET,WHEN ME ATTENPEP DULWICH COLLEGE
IN 6KEAT PKITAIN.
deUAVILlANP C/KIEIANIE WILKES) WAS DISCOVERED 8/
MAX RElHHARDW«,HIS HOtlVWGaPOWL PRODUCTION (0F»AMIDSUAAAAERNI6inre DREAM'. _ lj|
New York, N. Y.—“IT’S TRUE! that David 6. Selznick^ boi^t-tibe motion picture rights of Margaret Mitchell’s ‘Gone With The Wind’ for $50,000, the highest price ever paid for a first novel,” says Wiley Padan,. .“Approximately 449,512 feet of film wei^e ^ot, later to be edited and cut to 20,300 feet.. .Vivien worked in the picture for 22 weeks with only four days plf in entire time, making her role the longest in history. ’
By Georgaim Schilling
One more dawn and the eversweet Valentine’s Day will be here. Personally, we like Valentines, all kinds of Valentines, even those comic ones. From a glance at the local post office mailing room, the candy business is thriving this week- The room was stacked with various shaped candy boxes being mailed to the dear ones back home. H & H Two dinner dances are scheduled for this coming Saturday night. The Theta Chis and the Phi Kappa Sigmas are both having formal dinner dances at their fraternity houses on the 17th. Since this is the night of the .Illinois basketball game here, we’ve heard of several alums and visitors who are coming back for the game and to look over the Union addition. H & H A note for the “Hers” who read this column: Stylist: And what do you think of tight skirts? Male: Personally, I don’t think women should drink. H & H “She Had To Go And Lose It At The Astor,” is a realistic tune for a certain freshman co-ed at Syracuse University.- During Christmas vacation the young lady lost her glasses. Where she had left them she had no idea. When she mentioned having visited the Astor, she was urged by friends to write the management. Recently the freshman girl received a package containing the glasses which she lost at the Astor. H & H And one big Midwest university started off the new semester with a.“Plunker’s Frolic” dance. The affair was highly advertised, and very well attended. Probably the idea would sell rather well. Everyone could let down their hair and feel so at home;
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Eecitatipn building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
Fraternity Presidents Council: Special meeting at 7:15 p,. m., Thursday, February 15, at Delta Upsilon house. Please be prompt. —CATTERALL.
Military Tournament Boxers: Finalists in the li5 pound class, are requested to report to Captain Larr, by phone or in person, before Thursday, February 15th. —LARR. Battery Athletic Officers: Battery athletic officers are reminded to look in their boxes in the Armory before Wednesday for orders r^arding Intramural boxing and ill.
basketball
-LARR.
Union Sophomores: The Browsing room staff will please meet in the Union office at 4 p, m.. Tuesday, February 15. Very important meeting. Scabbard and Blade: Avtices and pledges pledges may obtain Ball invitations from supply room in Armory. Passports heces—McWORKMAN. WAA Riflery: All girls who tried out report to Women’s Gym from 7 to 8:30 Tuesday evening, February 13. This practice is required in order to make the class teams. —HARRISON. WSGA Freshmen Workers: Meeting of freshmen who wish to work on WSGA ^‘^‘’tuary 13 at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office, room 362 in the Union. —HUTCHINSON. Ag^hem Club: Meet in Union. Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 for important discussion and election of o....cer8. Location later. —PARKER. Catalyst Club: Important meeting at 7 :30 16, in Room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Enpneermg Building. All members are urged to be present. Discussion of joining Alpha Chi Sigma will be held. . —OMOHUNDRO. Club: Tentative meeting scheduled for Tuesday night, February 20 yiA box at east desk of Union. Everyone please cooperate. vciyuue HECKMAN.
PHONES 6915—6914
CONE win TIE WIND
BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 9:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M. Night Shows—Reserved 1.10 Inel. Tax Sunday Mat.—Reserved 1.10 Inel, Tax Weekday Mat.—Not Res. 75c Inel. Tax STARTS SAT., FEB. 17 LAFAYETTE
Camera Club Opens February Lectures To Faculty, Public Beginning tomorrow evening at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of Union, the Camera Club will sponsor a series of talks anti meetings on the fundamentals of photography wkich are open to faculty, students, and townspeople. These are being sponsored by the club in order to extend knowledge of this particular hobby to as many people as care to participate. The schedule of meetings which will take place at 7:30 in room 263 of the Union is as follows: February 15, “Taking Pictures”; February 22, “Developing Pictures”; and February 29, “Printing Pic*J;ures.” The six new darlc^ rooms ^11 he ready for use at the completion of this series of lectures.
Faculty Badminton: Faculty men and women may ^lay badminton Tuesday, Febrtiafy 13 and every Tuesday night following in the Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30 p. m. Please wear tennis shoes. —HAZELTON.
Union Sophomores: My committee please meet in the Union office Tuesday, February 13, at 4:30 p. m. lExpected to attend are Hasselman, J. Strange, Mayfleld, E. Ford, Evans, and V. Schaupp. —CLARK. A.Ph.A. Meeting: Tuesday, February .13, in room 208, Pharmacy building at 4:00. Impo ttrna , 7z2 Important. —OSBORN.
PI A Dance Class: First meeting has been postponed until next week. Please watch notice column for time and place. ■ Registration will be continued in PlA office this week. (2-17) - —LUTZ.
PIA Freshmen and Sophomores: There will be a staff organization meeting in the PIA office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, February 14. . —SMITH.
WAA Basketball: Open practice at 4 p. m. this afternoon February 13. Games played off today at 6 p. m. are : Kappa vs. Team 1, WRH south and Delta Gamma vs. Team 1, WRH north. —BRITTON.
Union Sophomores: Our committee of Nohtman, Bain, Douglas, Van Biema, Seri ver, and Tulian, will meet in the Union ' Office at 4 :30 p. m. Tuesday, February 13. —BROOKS. SIBBERT.
Book Exchange: The following people must call for their books Tuesday, February 13, between 1 and 6: R. W. Phillips, R. M. Westia, Edwin C. Bordinet, L. O. Hess, Mary Koch, Samuel Garrigues, E. J. Mundorf, Warren Biinhord, Mary Tillet, Craven Smith. —HRUBY.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, February 14, in WSGA office at 4 p. m. instead of usual time because of Hanya Holm dance program. —SICKMAN. —HAMMAN. English and Speech Conditions: Examinr ations for removal of condltitjns in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —CREEK.
Frosh EXPONENT Workers: Schedules are now printed in office. Plying Club: Very important meeting in room 212 of the Union at 7:00 p. m. Wednesday, February 14. Time for Debris photograph will be announced. Only those who have paid all back dues, initiation fee, and dues for this semester will be allowed in the picture. Pins ordered are here. Bring your money. —^KIMBALL.
Glider Club: Meet in room B at 7 p. m., Thursday, February 16, for a short business meeting. Bring dues. —MILLER.
SCA Board Meeting: Important meeting Tuesday, February 13, at 7:30 p. m.' in room 302, Union. —BREWER.
Junior Military: All Juniors report to supply room at once to be measured for leggings for summer camp. —HATTAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday. February 13, at 7:30 p‘. m. in room 343 of the Uilion. —FRANTZREB.
Purdue Engineer: All freshmen desiring to try out for the Purdue Engineer are expected to attend the call-out meeting to be held at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 18. Please report to the new Engineer office, located on the second floor of the Union west wing. —OTT.
InaiB
TODAY - TOMORROW D O UBLE FEATUR E UP IN THE AIR FOR FUll AND FRENCHY 9 I* m m Lw I
Jean Parker Reginald Gardinet'^
— PLUS BET’TB
ERROL
DAVIS FLYMN
"The ffdwafe hhres of euzflBfnrH AND mex OLIVIA DE *HAV1LLAND DONALD CRISP . ALAN HALE • VINCENT PRICE• HENRY STEPHENSON•IHretttd by Michael Curtiz ‘A WARNER BROS. Picture
GRIN AND IBEAR IT
\
By Liclity
Coer. IMO Ipy United Feiilaire SyniUcit*, Inc7 xS. Bet. U. S. Pnl, OBe-AU riihts reserved
“Only $1.98? I declare, these Monday bargain basement sales are getting more worth while all the time!”
Kappa Delta Pi: First meeting of the second semester will be held in room 201 of the Education building, 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 13. Open meeting with Dr. Davis speaking. —BRODY.
FOR SALE—^1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, February 14, at .7 :30 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. —KEEN.
KAPPA KEY LOST Wednesday, January 31. If found iilease call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward.
PLEASANT ROOM, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s. Single, or share double. Seniors, graduates, instructors. Dial 2174.
A.S.M.E.: All members who have not received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tuesday in. Prof. Cope’s office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11.
wanted—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 167 Pierce, Phone 76634. '
Lost—Slide rule (LLD). Finder please call Clarence Laliberte at 3063. Reward.
Classified Ads
ros SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76, Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main street.
WANTED—Bicycle, recent moflel, baIlo9n tires, 28 in. rim's, good condition. Blackwell 8446.
LOST—Please return. Dietzgen slide rule No. 661,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Found. No questions. Reward.
WANTED—A student to share a modern apartment. Close in to the University. Ph. 2306.
ROOM FOR RENT—Super-modern, furnished apartmenit, eleettrie refrigeration, private entrance, private bath. 816 N. Salisbury.
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
ROOMMATE WANTED: Quiet room, downstairs. Stoker heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable; may work 'for part of rent. Phone 2769.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
The new film hit by the producer of '^'Nlnotchka” is here! It’s swell I
MARGARET SyLLA¥AN ' JAMES STEWART in the Ernst Lubitsch production mmm CDMEK . with Frank JOEOilIj Joseph SCHILDKRAUI
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LUMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
CHJUIIIE CHAN I/I ^ClTYIN darkness with SIDNEY TOLER lyiui 8^ • Richard Clark* • Harold Huhar
4^
\yTuesday, February 13, 1940
£xpomjnL SfufdA. fiaq^
Boilermaker Take Second Honors In Three Way Contest Both the Boilermaker and Chicago thinlies fell before a hot Wisconsin track aggregate in the Triangular Relay Meet held last Saturday at Madison, with the final tallies ringing up 66 for the Gophers, 28 for Purdue, and Chicago in its accustomed spot with 21 points. “Ty” Takes Off “Jumping Jack” Tycocki bounced 22 feet, Denzler went to 21.7, and Joorefetz jumped 20.4 feet to give the Boilermakers a first in the event. In the high jump, however, Chicago took first honors with Wisconsin and Purdue trailing, in that order. 47 feet, 6 inches was enough to win the shot-put for the Gophers, with the Boilermaker squad composed of Vollner, Suto and Denzler totalling enough to pull into the number two spot. Chicago trailed. Smith of Wisconsin led the Gopher thinlies to a first place in the high hurdles, but again the Boilermaker squad managed to take second money. Denzler, Suto and Campbell represented the Gold and Black in this event. Wisconsin continued to uphold its supremacy in the low hurdle race, and the Boilermakers once more copped second place. Tycocki, Kenzie and Stroyeck took the barriers for Purdue. The 60 yard dash was the next event in the triangular relay ^eet, and a Gopher named Davenport, covering the distance in 6.3 seconds, led Wisconsin to another victory. Boilermaker dashmen Keim, Tycocki, and Bill Gaulke found the going just a little bit too tough, and finished out of the money. Holderman Wins Holderman, number one Boiler-
Squash Team Takes Twin Bill Saturday Purdue’s squash racquet team showed its power Saturday afternoon as it won twq meets in one day. The Gold and Black victims were the University of Chicago squash team and the Evanston YM CA. The scores were the same in both contests, 4 to 1. Coach Clevett’s squad will attempt to repeat the feat next Saturday when they meet the Wright Field Air Corps Officers and the Dayton YMCA. The dual assignments will be contested at the same time, 2:30 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. Against the Maroons Saturday afternoon, Morley was the loser. Capt. Eberhard won his match, 3-1; Blessing his, 3-0; Munro his, 3-1; and Mann also 3-0. In the Evanston match, the winners were: Capt. Eberhard, 3-1; Morley, 3-1; Blessing, 3-0; and Mann 3-0. Munro was the loser.
maker distance man, took the mile run after covering the distance in 4 minutes - 22 seconds, but Wisconsin men placed second and third to eclipse the Boilermakers in total points. 10:04 chalked up by a Wisconsin runner, led the Gophers to another first, this time in the two mile event. The Purdue squad composed of Holderman, Simmons, Kron and Shackleton again won second place for the Boilermakers, with the Midway representatives again holding down the number three spot. The last two eld events, the distance relays, found Wisconsin, Purdue, and Chicago nishing in that order both times. Jarvis, J. White and Reeves handled the Boilermaker end of the two mile relay with Holderman, Jarvis and Reeves running in the mile event.
Engineer Exjdains ' Debris To Acquaint Activities At 4 P M ProspectiveShots
With Annual's Work
Tonight at 4 p. m. iruthe Engineer office in the Union freshmen will have explained to them the workings of the Purdue Engineer. Junior^ and seniors will tell of the workings and activities of the editorial and the business staffs. The Engineer offeis the possibilities of both business training and experience in writing and make-up to as-
piring freshmen.
LiminKung
. . . University student, of North China, will speak before the monthly meeting of the Pi Beta Phi Alumnae Club this evening at 7:30 at the home of Mrs. Kemper Sanders, 607 Meridian street, Lafayette. I WBAA TODAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton-pianist 11:30—The Horae Makers “Mrs. Johnston buys Frozen Foods” 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz-pianist 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—^Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses Joneses 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Community Program 2:30—You and Your Child 2:16—Magic Carpet 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Music Appreciation 3:30—Current History 4:00—The Wonder World 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:30—Melody Moods 4:45—Story Book Hour
All freshmen interested in the Debris business staff are urged to attend a meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room A of the Union. Dick McNeil, business manager, will conduct the meeting with the aid of the junior business managers and sophomores. Th^purpose of the meeting is tq acquaint the freshmen with the selling points of Debris. Dr. J. E. Walters, Personnel Director of the University has stated that learning to sell the Debris is learning to sell one’s self, which is very important in engineering, science, agriculture, or any other profession. • The working order of the Debris is somewhat indicated by the following arrangement: froifi the sales staff four sophomores are selected to be junior busine^ managers, each of whom is in charge of separate departments—sales, advertising, clerical, and accounts.
H. R. Long
. . . Exponent worker in 1926, recently was appointed to the staff of the Missouri School of Journalism of Missouri University at Columbia. Long was for several years the owner and editor of the Crane Chronicle at Ciane, Missouri.
This Afternoon
... at 6 o’clock, WBAA will hold musical tryouts for all students interested in appearing on the Saturday afternoon broadcasts of Campus Varieties. Tryouts will be held at the main studio located on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building.
Here Conies the Tuesday IRONING LOAD”!
this job of keeping up with people’s needs for electricity you just about step into the lives of everybody. You know when most p^ple get up in the morning, when they eat breakfast, when they start ironing, when they go to work — that is, you know it about hundreds or thousands as a group instead of just one family. ”You get to know, too, how important it is that they are all linked up through their electric system. When the toasters are turned off in the morning, for instance, then, in some other part of town, electric motors start calling for power. Hour after hour demands vary. It’s just the same way among towns — their demands change back and forth so that every town gets the advantage of a system plenty big enough to care of either their average needs or emergency needs without waste between times. Everyone gets better service! yy
A LOAD DISPATCHER knows when and in what quantity electricity is needed and arranges it accordingly.
«AJt. IZNOOH 6ftM U MIMM Thit line shows the ups-and-downs of elec~ trie demands on a typical Tuesday, from midnight to midnight. Note the rise as people turn on lights in the morning, the heavy forenoon load, from factories and stores as well as home irontng. It dtps during lunch, resumes again in the afternoon, then goes to a peak at 6 p.m.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
Riveter Tankmen To Meet Chicago JU Swimmers Emerging from a pair of week-end swimming meets with a decisive victory over the Fort Wayne YMCA, their second of the season, and a loss to a speedy Michigan ^tate tank squad, the varsity swimmers are being hard pressed by Coach Dick Papenguth in preparation for the two Big Ten meets scheduled for this week.
Sigma Delta Psi To Hold Tryouts In Fieldhouse Gym Under the direction of Bud Evers, Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will hold examinations tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Fieldhouse gym. Applicants for membership to the athletic honorary can feport at the intramural office at four o’clock, and if late, can come directly to the gym floor. It is advisable that all applicants who have indoor tests to pass see examiner Evers at once. The outside examinations for track, field, baseball, and football, will be held in Ross-Ade stadium. One need not pass all of the sixteen tests to become a member of the local organization. Qualification and successful negotiation of seven of the 16 tests makes one a member of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Psi. 1 Ticket Distribution For 2 Games Begins Feb. 26 Distribution of student tickets for the Iowa basketball game Monday, February 26, and for the return game with Indiana on Saturday, March 2, will begin next Monday, February 19, at the ticket ofiSce in the Fieldhouse, according to an announcement last night by ticket manager C. S. Doan. Students may obtain tickets by presenting properly validated identification cards according to the following schedule: Seniors Monday Juniors Tuesday Sophomores Wednesday Freshmen Thursday Any tickets remaining after distribution to the student body will be placed on sale to the general public on Friday, February 23.
Tomorrow the Riveter swimmers will invade the Chicago Fieldhouse, where they will tangle with a styong Maroon team. Chicago boasts an exceedingly capable team this year, and already has won an easy victory over Indiana. Following the Chicago meet the squad will return to Lafayette to meet Indiana’s swimming squad, Saturday, fresh from a victory over Illinois last week. Long Ride Fatiguing After defeating the up-state swimmers 50-34 on Friday night, the Riveter tankmen left early Saturday morning for Lansing to engage the Michigan State squad. Delayed by icy roads and^stiU weary from the preceding night’s victory, the team arrived barely in time for the meet. However, the Boilermakers forced the Spartans to break one of their records and come within a half second of another before going down to defeat 50-30. Captain Graham was the Riveter’s leading scorer wdth a win in the 440 yard free-style and a second in the 220 yard free style events. Summary of Michigan State meet: 270 yard medley—State, first; Purdue, second. Time, 2:50. 220 yard free-style—^Himmelein, MS, first; Graham, P, second; Yocum, MS, third. Time, 2:26. 60 yard free-style—Hanson, MS, first; Kratzer, P, second; Johnson, MS, third. Time, 26.3. Fancy Dives—La France, MS, first; Rogers, MS, second; Farkas,^ MS, third. 100 yard free-style—Kratzer, P, first; Ladd, MS, second; Hansen, MS, third. Time, 56.7. 150 yard back stioke—^Farmer, MS, first; Anderson, P, second; Turner, MS, third. Time 1:49.3. 200 yard breaststroke—^Loomis, MS, first; Grant, MS, second; Tingley, P, third. Time, 2:38. 440 yard free style—Graham, P, first; Himmelein, MS, second; Smith, P, third. Time, 6:21.4. 360 yard, sprint relay—State, first; Purdue, second. Time, 3:20.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
e School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
DR. G. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
• Tailor
522 Main St. Phone 4T31 * LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dine
• Florists
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 AAain St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.}]' J-’-^ ' • '■
z^w.
py'
It'S'. i'.fc:
,#F
if. hW'^t '■SA-T ’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TuescTay# February 13, 1940
Buf
Incidentally
By Serge The other day we were thumbing thru some lecture notes which we take occasionally, when we discovered a sketch of a ferocious-looking rat, resting peacefully amid formulae and doodlings. It all brings back the famous rat story which is an EE school classic. ij! * * I Seems that one of the profs was troubled some years ago with rats, scads of ’em. Being a canny EE he set out to do ’em in by electricity. He put 2000 volts across two metal strips near the rat hole, and sat down to await the electrocution. Oscar, the eldest of the rats, soon went zipping out of the hole, across the strips without a twinge, and to his accustomed place under the icebox. ^ "Hey!” said Prof., “You can’t do that.” * H! * Oscar said nothing. (He’d never heard of electricity.) * Jji Prof, had however, so he hooked up 4000 volts, which is some punkins, as such things go. When Oscar zipped back to his hole he was accompanied with a sort of Roman Candle effect from his anterior portions, but he made it. ^ ^ “Hey!” said Oscar, “You can’t do that.” (He picked up expi'essions quickly.) Prof, said nothing. (He’d never heard a rat speak before.) —We’re kinda skeptical ourself. ^ ^ ^ Nothing daunted. Prof, hooked up some other con-
Purdue Exponent
K. E. Insler Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Business Managrer ■' D. G. Terrio, Editorial Director; G. W. Frederick, ManagrinK Editor; E. M. Antonini, Senior Advertising; Manager; G. Schilling, Co-ed Editor; R. Jenkins, Sports Editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered as second class matter at the post offioe in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Maroh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Suifimer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Represented for national advertising by National Ed-‘ vertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, McKee Ass’t. Night Editor, Fletcher Day Editor, Simpson Tuesday, February 13, 1940.
£ihsth. £diiA.
By Hank Miller
What will probably be the best Lincoln drama of the season will take the air tonight at 8 p. m. on WENR in the Cavalcade of America. The program will star Raymond Massey, who is now playing the title role in Sherwood’s play “Abe Lincoln in Illinois,” and it will originate from the stage of Chicago Civic Opera house. Immediately after the program, Massey will go to the Grand Opera house where he will again play the part of young Lincoln. —e-e— Tonight’s broadcast will be a Sherwood adaptation of the material in Carl Sandburg’s new four volume biography titled, “Abraham Lincoln—The War Years.”
Artig Shaw, about whom there has been much comment, is cui’rently organizing a new band for his Bluebird recording date early next month. At present he is in Hollywood, collaborating with film executives on the story of his life to be used in a new flicker.
At 7 p. m. on WBBM, Edward G. Robinson will again assume the role of Steve Wilson, racket smashing newspaper editor, and with the assistance of Ona Munson who plays the role of Lorelei Kilbourne, will present an expose of fake asylums.
Ruth Gordon, actress, and Christopher Morley, author, will be the guests tonight on “Information Please” which is aired through WLS at 7:30. Regulars Franklin P. Adams and John, Kieran will be on hand. The flags of seven nations have flown over the acres which now constitute the Louisiana State University campus.
Deac says:— You can buy a billion eggs from a million hens, but when you buy a book, you buy it from one publisher whether you are in California, Florida, Maine, or West Lafayette. He tells you what you have to sell it for and how much commission he will give you for selling it, which amounts to about 16% percent after you have paid the gross tax which we pay, the transportation charges and the fire insurance. Out of this 16% percent we have to pay light, heat, rent, salaries, and seventeen other taxes. If we don’t sell the book we have 83% percent of our money tied up in that book. We cannot send it back; therefore if the book is changed, we loose our money. Paid Ad
News comes from WLW concerning the two $500 scholarships that are offered by the Crosley Corporation to senior students in Agriculture at the land grant colleges in the United States. Here is the dope as sent out by WLW.
The scholarships, hailed by agricultural leaders as a vital step toward improving “programming” for farm areas, again will be of six months’ duration. Eligibility will be confined to students who will receive degrees agriculture from land grant colleges during the 193940 academic year. The deadline for entries will be midnight of April 30 with candidates being requested
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
IMPORTANT DATES1492 1861-1864 1917-1918 and the date placed in Your Shirt by Crown when it is first laundered.
This dote insures one year's service from that shirt when laundered exclusively by Crown, or replaced with a new one.
Insured
Moth
CP.OWN
Proofing biuiidri| -Drq Cleoniitq
Phone 4013 '
traption, a condenser maybe, which would discharge at the least provocation with a whale of a spark. ^ So the next time Oscar yelled derisively, “Shoot the curi’ent to me Prof, boy!” Prof, just smiled—and did. Oscar now says nothing. * * * ANTICLIMAX DEPARTMENT We sent our Mr. Henderson around to check up on the above story, and he has just returned with disturbing news. It destroys our faith in this age of science. We are disillusioned. * >;= K: The professor now uses PLAIN STEEL traps Hi * 4c But he caught five rats last month, even son.
As we observed Treva Berry and “Joky” Clark loving their way across the campus, hand in hand, we thought of a contrib that some worthy sent in to us. It has no connection with Treva and “Joky,” but we had to start the column in some fashion ... or did we ? ~B &B— He Could Take It He grabbed me by my slender neck I could not yell or scream, He took me into the livung room There we could not be seen. He tore away my wrapper And gazed upon my form,
I was cold and sweating But he was hot and warm. His feverish lips were pressed to mine I could not make him stop He seemed to drain my very self Starting from the top. He made hie what I am today A broken hearted cast-away. . And this is why you see me here An empty bottle of ICE COLD BEER. —B & B— It is just our natural curiosity that makes us wonder what was on the mind of Annabel Teeter yesterday afternoon as she stood on the Brown Street Bridge and stared into the cold Wabash. Our fair civil ^engineer had one hand on the rail and in her other hand she clutched a slide rule . . . altho the point can be argued, Annabel, surely school can’t be that bad. —B & B— From our observation post (under the table at a prominent Bloom-
ingfton cafe) we saw Mandy Guthyie dressed for the lU Triad and strangely enough, Mandy was without her nightgown . . . saving it for Purdue, Mandy? —scB & B— FOR LOVERS ONLY; There is a nice cozy little room, complete with davenport and without lights located in the new wing of the Union, just ack-oss the hall from the big lounge. Get the key from the West Desk and leave your names in the B & B box . . . saves us the trouble snooping. —B & B— Have any of you noticed the new girl at the West Desk? . . . introducing Dave Rankin’s newest. She is wearing one of the gold footballs that Dave was presented.
Donald and Maurine Nordlund, brother and sister, earned perfect grades at Midland College last semester.
ANN MILLER, star of stage and screen, now appearing in George White's Scandais, is definiteiy the outstonding dance discovetry of our time . .. and a discovery more and more smokers ore making everyday is that CHESTERFIELDS are COOLER, BEHER-TASTING and DEFINITELY MILDER.
to file notice of their desire to enter not later than April 1,
Winners of the scholarships will receive practical training in announcing, writing and pi’oducing programs, program research and other activities. Working under the supervision of George C. Biggar, WLW program director, and Ed Mason, farm program director, they will be concerned with outstanding rural broadcasts, including “Everybody’s Farm Hour”; “Fortunes Washed Away,” a feature of the United States Soil Conservation Service, and numerous farm special events progra!ms requiring field trips.
are
e/m
AND BETTER-TASTING You’ll always find these two qualities at their best, plus a far cooler smoke, in Chesterfield’s Right Combination qf the world’s best cigarette tobaccos. Make your next pack Chesterfield and see for yourself why one smoker tells another They Satisfy. You cant buy a better cigarette.
MAKE YOUR NEXT PACK
The Cooler, Better-Tasting, DEFINITELY MILDER Cigarette
Copyright 1940, Ligostt 8c Myus Tomom Go.
A .c,r. ,
- .p .r r I