V-
BUpi
< This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue IhnVeiailbr
V * Purdue Exponent
WBSt>AY FebPiary 8, 1938 liohQrefto, lodlaiia VOL. 49 No, lOS
Boilermaker Betters Sit Bne Out, 23-13
Beacher To Play For Pan-Hellenic Formal Dance Keith Beacher and his orchestra will play their first engagement on the Purdue campus for the formal Pan-Hellenic dance Friday, February 25. The dance is closed, but co-ed members of national sororities which do not have Purdue chapters may attend. Beacher’s orchestra has played at the Stevens Hotel, in Chicago, occasionally for four years. His orchestra has also appeared at Chicago’s Aragon and Trianon, and has broadcast over WENR, WMAQ, and NBC hook-ups. Beacher will bring Judy Talbot with him as songstress. The annual Pan-Hellenic dance is sponsored by the seven Greek letter sororities. Virginia Laramore, Chi Omega, is chairman of the dance committee composed of Margaret Jones, Alpha Xi Delta, and Peggy Hamilton, Kappa Kappa Gamma. Cast Of Union Show Complete; Ciral, Ashton, Selected With the addition of Jerry Ciral and Jim Ashton to the cast of “Of Thee I Sing,” the cast for the Union Show becomes complete. Ciral will portray a French ambassador and Ashton an Irish politician. Director H. Kenn Carmichael when asked about the two cast additions, said, “Ciral, as a French ambassador is a natural.” Ashton Is a Good Reader He added that Ashton, during the tryouts, proved to be one of the most spontaneous readers. A1 Stewart announced yesterday that the Parade Chorus would not be announced until Wednesday morning, as there were a few names that must be checked by the Dean of Men’s office. Select Pony Chorus The Pony Choruses have been selected. In the female chorus will be Margaret Stocker, Beverlie Rice, Mary Jean Sefton, Victoria Milea, itoary Lou VanBergen, Lois Simpson, and Ruth Bennett. The male chorus is composed of: Robert Schlendorf, John Leonard, 'Clark Langworthy, Gene Wright, Joe Shephard, W. J. Smith, and M. E. Disney. The Sexton sisters, who are in charge of the choruses, said that the choruses are to start practice this afternoon in the Union Tower room at 4 o’clock. Myers New County Agent Wayne W. Myers, Ag. ’37, and graduate student in the farm mahagement department, has been appointed assistant county agent of Posey county, Ifid. His uppointmeht will become effective February 1, 1938.
Book Exchange Closes Selts Total Of 1,620 Books For $2,427 See editorial. Page 2
All students having unsold books or money due them at the Book Exchange mu^t call for it today between 4 vand 5 p. m. After this time the Exchange will be permanently closed.
Checking over their records yesterday, the board of control, in charge of the Student Book Exchange, found 'they had recorded 1,968 books, of which 1,620 were sold. The books recorded were valued at $3,025.80, and those sold, $2,427.60. Fifty-four persons—^Student Union workers and vice-presidents, the Student Senate members, and members of’many other studeiit groups volunteered a total of 744 hours’
Cotton Invades Co-eds Clothes At Fashion Show By Mary Cdoley “To be smartly dressed is to be appropriately dressed. To be fashionably dressed is to wear cotton.” Thus Miss Catherine Eloise Cleveland, consumer consultant for the Cotton Institute, Inc., summarized the importance of King Cotton in a girl’s ward robe at her fashion show in the Home Economics auditorium yesterday afternoon. Miss Cleveland, who conducts an extensive program of style shows at many co-educational universities and at the Waldorf Astoria and Biltmore Hotels in New York City, showed a wide variety of costumes for every occasion. Winter Clothes Shown Winter clothes incldding velveteen suits and gowns, corduroy ski suits, and summer outfits for swimming, dancing, fishing, riding, sailing, and beach play were worn by coled models. The decided trend toward femininity in fabric, detail, and design was seen in the variety of flowered striped seersuckers, piques, novelties, sheers, nets, and clear pastel colors. Among the new scientific finishes explained by Miss Cleveland were “water repelling,” “ anti-creasing,” “Bellmanizing,” “sanforizing,” and “air-conditioning.” An exhibit of cotton materials in the piece and made up were on display in the sophomore clothing laboratory. C. R. Weiss To Address ASME Tomorrow Night C. R. Weiss of the Link-Belt Company, of Indianapolis will address the student branch of the ASME at its first meeting of tbe semester, tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. He will talk on “Chain Drives and Their Relation to Conveying Problems,” ASME invites everyone interested to attend the meeting.
work, an average of 13.8 hours per person. $98.60 Still Uncollected $49.15 was paid out to students yesterday. This leaves a total of $98.60 to be paid out today. All students who have not as yet collected their money or unsold books from the exchange must do so today between 4 and 5 p. m. Room F of the Union Building will be open during this hour. Bob Buckles, publicity chairman said last night. After that time, the exchange will be permanently closed.
Hanley Contest Finals For Juniors Tonight Tonight at 7:30 in the ’faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, the finals in the junior division of the' Hanley Speech contest will be conducted. Finalists in the junior division of the Hanley contest were selected from the preliminary trials which were held yesterday afternoon and evening. Contestants will speak on some phase of economics, and the winner will receive an engineering handbook recommended by Dean of Engineering Potter. Both first and second place winners will be entered in the finals which are to be held on March 3, at which time the winners of all division will compete. The winners in the finals, first and second places respectively, will receive $50 and $30. Gunners Will See 'Sons Of Soil' Rifes At Dinner Meeting A special archaeological committee will return with King Solomon’s original “Sons of the Soil” ritual at the annual dinner meeting of Sons of the Soil tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. This dinner is held jointly with the eleventh annual conference of Indiana canners, fieldmen and medal winners which gets underway t^is morning. Their program opens at one o’clock today in the faculty lounge of the Union Building with a series of four addresses. A “Scotch dinner with a Dunch atmosphere” will be given tonight at 6 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building followed by a forum and motion pictures. Award Given To Dieterie Dr. W. G. Rappleye, dean of the school of medicine at Columbia University, New York City, has announced the award of $260 residence scholarship to F. E. Dieterie, of Lafayette, a University graduate. Dieterie is 'in his first year at Columbia.
Big Ten Standings W L Pts Op PURDUE 5 1 231 194 N’western 5 1 206 196 Michigan 4 2 202 176 Ohio State 4 3 269 234 Wisconsin 3 3 240 219, Minnesota 3 3 196 189 Indiana 3 4 273 282 Iowa 2 4 210 234 Illinois 2 5 263 283 Chicago 0 5 158 232 Last Night's Results PURDUE, 23; Illinois,, 13. Indiana, 47; Wisconsin, 44. Ohio State, 36; Chicago, 34. Minnesota, 28; Iowa, 26. Extra Playsliop Rehearsal For Camera Artists Formal night showing, and a special rehearsal for candid camera fans will supplement the regular performances of Playshops “I’ll Marry The Actress” in Eliza Fowler Hall next week. ' Candid camera artists may attend a special preview at 7:30 on Sunday night to vie for prizes, the formal showing will precede the Interfraternity Ball Friday at 8 p. m. The play will also be regularly staged each night from Tuesday through Saturday next week. Open House Sunday On Sunday night photographers will be permitted free run-of-the-house. Before the show begins, with doors opening at 6 o’clock, they may take shots of dressing-rooms, makeup tables, backstage, etc. During the show only the stage playing area proper will be restricted. Otherwise shots may be taken from any location in the entire auditorium. Playshop has altered previously announced plans, and in order lo secure special passes for the Sunday night performance, photographers should go to the University Theater box office this week and either buy a ticket or exchange a stub from a season coupon for the ticket. After obtaining a ticket, camera sharpshooters may secure a special pass by registering for candid camera night at the box office. Only bona-fide photographers will be admitted to this special rehearsal. Two Prizes Pictures, either 5x7 or 8x10, must be submitted either to Hinea’s or Playshop, or to both, by Thursday, February 17. Playshop will award four dozen flash bulbs for the best print, and Hinea’s will award $6 in merchandise providing the photographer has purchased some equipment from them and is registered at their store. A good picture may win both awards, although the judging (committees will be different. Sponsors of candid camera night are Purdue Playshop and Hinea’s studio, with the cooperation of the Purdue (lamera Club. Camera club will hold a special meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building to show methods of obtaining subject pictures with stock cameras.
Purdue Settles Score With Fighting IHini Five Purdue’s netmen last night avenged their defeat at the hands of the Illini earlier in the^^eason by beating the Orange and Blue, 23-13, in one of the strangest encounters ever witnessed in the Fieldhouse. With only one minute gone in the second half and the score at 20-11, the Boilermakers put on a 14,minute stall that kept the capacity crowd of 8,500 howling for action.
Illinois was handicapped by the loss of two of their regulars, Boudreau and Dehner, but they played a defensive game that was difficult
for Purdue to cope with. Dehner’s lead in the Big Ten individual scoring race was well protected by his teammates, as Ithey held Jewell Young, second place contender in the conference point race, to two baskets and three free throws for a total of seven points. Start Stall The big stall started right after the second period commenced. With the score at 18-9, Dickinson and Nisbet each sunk a basket. Then Malaska got the ball and he and Anderson proceeded to take life easy Standing just inside the center line they tossed the ball leisurely back and forth or else just held it. At one point Pat lay down on the floor to rest for a few moments. Ostensibly, the purpose of this time-wast-ing was to draw out the two tall Illini, Lasater and Hapac, so that the shorter Purdue foi'wards could get at the basket. In the first few minutes of the game it looked like Illinois had the edge. Anderson and Young started the scoring with a basket and a free throw, respectively, but Illinois came back with a free toss by HandIon, and a bucket and two charities by Hapac to put Illinois ahead, ‘5-3. At mid-period, however, the Boilermakers pulled up and brought the score to eight all, and in the last couple of minutes they dropped in four baskets and two free throws while Illinois was scoring only one charity toss to bring the score to 18-9 at the half. Young Leads Scoring Since the playing time was cut down by the “super-stall” to about three-quarters of the regular length game, no one stood out particularly in scoring. Young led both teams with seven points, and Sines and Anderson tied for second with five apiece. Nisbet racked up two baskets for four points to lead the visitors’ scoring. The sportsmanship of the crowd was excellent throughout the game. Several times the crowd applauded heartily when an Illinois player made a good play. Over 200 fans came from Urbana on a special train to see the fracas. ^ / Hetzel Performs During the intermission Wilfred Hetzel, nationally famous Treethrow artist, gave the crowd an exhibition of plain a,nd fancy shooting, Standing on the free throw line, he dropped in shots one-handed while standing on one foot, while facing away from the basket, kneeling, and lying down. His blindfold (Continued on page 3)
Sororities Welcome Rushees At Dinners, Other Entertainment Dinners, lunches, buffet suppers, and after game snacks are welcoming 28 co-eds in the open rash season at the eight sororities. The PanHellenic council has waived all rules governing the rush period for the seven national sororities. Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu, and Pi Beta Phi. The Alpha Chi’s are having dinners tonight and tomorrow night, featuring a Monte Carlo atmosphere tonight. Frankie Eastburn is in charge of the rush activities. Alpha Xi’s Have Rose Dinner The Alpha Xi’s dinner tonight will be a pink rose dinner, emphasizing the sorority’s double blue ribbons with pink roses. Frankie Ford, in charge of the Theta rush, announced that they were having dinners Tuesday and Wednesday, and had a buffet supper last night. At the Kappa house there will be dinners tonight and tomorrow night following the one yesterday evening before the game, so Louis Bain an-
nounces.
Pedalion carrying out its nautical suggestions at luncheons and dinners each night this week will climax the rush period with a valentine buffet dinner-dance Saturday evening, according to rush captain Betty Soehner. Phi Mu Gives Supper Last night Phi Mu entertained with a sandwich supper before the game and tonight Louis Sedges has planned a dessert party. Pi Phi’s are entertaining prospective pledges at lunch and dinner today and yesterday ending with a dinner Wednesday, according to Georgianna Pittman. Tuesday and Wednesday at the Chi Omega’s will see several very informal gatherings for rushees. The girls will be entertained at dinner and supper today and tomorrow. Lambert Addre$$«s Club Ward fiambert, basketball coach, is going to discuss the current season and squad at a meeting of the l^due club following a <afeteria supp^ Thursday, February 17. The affair will be held in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building.
World’s Largest Atom Splitter Nears Completion In Physics Lab FMItar’A Note: Thla is the second of — ' —— ''
Editor’s Note: This is the second of s series of articles on research i^ivities at Eurdue. Articles of a similar nature will he published two or three
times a week.
By H. I. Stanback Smashing atoms is serious business for Purdue’s physics department—if you don’t believe it, visit the basement of its building and inspect the 40 odd tons of equipment incorporated in its new cyclotron. As atom splitters go, Purdue’s new cyclotron is as large as any yet constructed in the world. Construction work on i^ is nearly complete and within a few weeks it will be ready for timing. ^ Pour young doctors of physics are building this massive and com-
plicated piece of apparatus as part of the' research activity of their department. They are Dr. W. J. Henderson, in charge of the project, and his collaboi-ators Dr. L. P. D. King, Dr. J. R. Risser, and Dr. R. M. Whitmer. Cyclotron An Ion Gun The cyclotron is an ion gun. Its function is to pVoduce a stream of very high speed ions (electrically charged atoms of matter). When a substance is held in this ion stream, the atoms of the substance are broken up by the bombardment. Powerful enough to split atomic nuclei, this bombarding stream of ions will make substances
held in its path radioactive (able to emit rays similar to X-ray.s or radium rays.) Use Huge Electromagnet Extremely powerful magnetic and electric fields crossing at right angles provide the accelerating force which brings the ions up to the amazing speed of 6,000,000,000 centimeters per second. The 40 tons of equipment are used to cause and control this acceleration of the ions. A huge steel electromagnet about 10 feet long, seven feet high, and four feet wide, provides the magnetic field. Between its 36-inch diameter horizontal pole faces is placed the cyclotron chamber, where the
ions begin a whirling flight up to speed. Twenty two-hundred turns of half inch copper tpbing comprise the windings of ^his magnet which draws 300 amperes from a 120 volt direct current electricity source. Distilled water flows constantly through the copper tubing to dissipate the extreme heat generated by the cm-rent. To supply the electric field a 60kilowatt oscillator, similar to a short wave radio transmitter, has been built. This oscillator supplies high frequency alternating current 'to the cyclotron at about 12 million cycles frequency.
Center of action in the cyclotron is a hollow brass chamber lyhich fits between the horizontal magnet pole faces, measuring about 36 inches in diameter and 6 inches thick. Inside there are two hollow copper “Dees” (they look like a pie with copper crusts, cut in half, the filling scooped out, and the halves places within one inch of being back together.) The two lead wires from the high frequency oscillator ax'e connected to these two “Dees,” thus making them electrodes with a electric field of 26,000 volts in the one-inch space where the “pie” was cut in half. A vacuum of .000001 millimeters of
mercury is produced in the chamber; then hydi'ogen or helium is introduced. An electron gun ionizes some of the gas, and it is these ions that supply the bombarding stream. Ions Whirl In “Bees” Combined action of the two fields causes the ions to begin whirling aroirnd faster and faster in the hollow “Dees.” After about 200 round trips inside the “Dees,” they are then drawn off at a tangent by a charge plate placed near the edge of one of the “Dees.” There the cyclotron’s work is complete; the ions have escaped and now their tremendous kinetic energy can be used in smashing atoms."S
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
“It Can’t Be Done”.... . . . may no longer be said concerning a student book market on the Purdue campus after the splendid showing of the Book Exchange last week. Success of the project lies not only in the 1,620 books and $2,500 transferred without charge between University students but also in the enthusiastic and cooperative spirit with which the students received the Exchange and in its business-like management. Student organizers of the Book Exchange began their w^ork scarcely a month ago, in the face of skepticism from University persons-in-the-know and writh full knowledge that no such enterprise had previously been successfully engineered at Purdue. But they began not without thinking the matter through carefully . . . they had been turning over in their minds the possibilities of a student operated book mart practically since they entered school here. Plans from a similar organization at the University of Wisconsin were used as a basis for designing the Book Exchange. Those plans were altered, improved, and enlarged and the resulting undertaking far surpassed the record of Wisconsin’s venture. At the first of the present academic year—when the turnover of books is considerably greater than at mid-semester— the Badger mart exchanged only 636 books. Actual organizing of the Exchange was started about two weeks before the opening day. Work of publicizing, obtaining equipment, securing workers, detailing plans, and establishing records was carried on at a scholastic sacrifice during the final examinations period. Chief credit for the favorable outcome of the Book Exchange goes to: Clark Burton—junior science student who set up the system of records for the Exchange and kept constant watch over them during all last week . . . little was heard of him in the publicity of the enterprise, but students connected with it spare no praise in -speaking of him. Ted Cabonargi, Sully Mason, and Don Samuelson— Union vice presidents who supervised, respectively, the personnel, poster publicity, and equipment of the Exchange. Bob Buckles—junior electrical engineer whose promotional services as publicity director played no small part in putting the Exchange over. Joe Donovan—infallible and invaluable as a cashier. Ward Stallings—^Union activities chairman, who has acted as leader for two new student projects this year ... his first was the Activities Bureau, which rated headlines last fall. Student Senators—^who, in a manner befitting their dignity and wisdom, served as advisers to student patronizers of the Exchange in the matter of price fixing.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
gtoaecluted ^Uegiatg "iprggi
Entered as second class matter at the host office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CongreBs of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail ?8.B0. BEPREBENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTOH - Los ANGELES - SAN FBANCISCO
Editor-In-Chief
Business Mtinarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. K. Hensler Circulation Manager _. . M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF _ Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF R. P. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor . — Associate Editors _
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, ,and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Kroeplin Tuesday, February 8, 1938
Union Workers—^too numerous to mention, but whose very numbers and capacity for work kept Exchange traffic moving smoothly. University students in general—buyers, sellers, workers, and visitors seemed to share a kindred enjoyment in watching and helping the Exchange to operate, and their cooperation was the essential factor in its success. Honor for the origination of the Book Exchange has been claimed by various persons—^most of whom were not concerned with its actual organization. Truth is, many persons have talked of similar undertakings for the past fifteen years . . . but no one did much about it before.
By Jim Davis Mechanicals, Chemicals The Com Products Refining Company, Argo Factory of Argo, 111., is sending A. L. Pulfrey, chairman of the education committee, and J. F. Morton to Purdue on Thursday and Friday, this week. They will interview mechanical and chemical engineering seniors who are interested in employment in their training course. The training course will give graduates who are employed experience in every department. They are interested in men this year who will be good maintenance supervisors or who are inclined toward industrial engineering. Information concerning this company is available in Professor Young’s and Professor Bray’s offices.
Mechanicals, Photographers Representatives of the Eastman Kodak Company, who will be at the University tomorrow, are particularly interested in mechanical engineers trained for work in heating and ventilating, machine design, and general engineering equipment. They intend, while on the campus to interview high ranking juniors for summer work. They are anxious to talk to a few good men who are interested in photography, whether they have specialized in mechanical, chemical engineering, or chemistry. Dr. F. B. Knight To Speak On Problem Of Forgetting Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education, has been chosen as the prinicple speaker at the third meeting of the committee on methods of teaching. Dr. Knight’s 8;ubject will be “The Problem of Forgetting” and will be of general interest. The meeting is scheduled for 7 ;30 p. m. February 9, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building.
Interclass practice for the WAA inter-class volleyball tournament, which will begin February 14, starts tomorrow. Anyone interested in making one of the class teams must attend the practice. Each class team must have two practices in before February 14. Barbara Roderick is in charge of volleyball. Basketball Basketball practices will be held tonight at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Today Pi Phi, Ward 2, Theta, Ward 4, and Pedalion will have their practice. Thursday Chi Omega, Ward 1, Kappa, WRHNorth, and Collegiana will practice; and Friday the teams of Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi, WRH-South, and Ward 3 will practice. If all the girls are not able to attend at the time scheduled, Jeanette Morris asks that they consult her about changes. Next week a basketball round robin touimament will be played on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. Play Day The University of Chicago Women’s Athletic Association has invited the University WAA to attend a play day March 6th in Chicago. Michigan, Illinois, and 15 or 20 other colleges will attend. Jeanette Morris has charge of arrangements. Any WAA member who wishes to attend should contact Jeanette. Bowling, Badminton Co-ed bowling and badminton will get under way next week with Pauline George in charge of the respective sports. There are s^everal vacancies in the bowling classes on Tuesday and Thursday mornings at 10 o’clock. A $2.00 fee is charged for participation in these classes. Anyone interested in joining a badminton club which is being organized by Bill Billings may sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium.
Guest conductor of this column for today is Georgann Schilling.
Although you may not list it under your pressing questions of etiquette, have you ever considered the problem of using a line in conversing with others ? A line is just a way of saying ordinary words in an unusual way which is more enhancing or amusing. Sometimes it looks like a rope or form of support used by the person taking the initiative. It isn’t a question of when to use a line and when not to. Lines have become a necessary evil in these days of short, snappy, keen conversation. The real problem comes in suiting your small talk to your type. The first essential seems to be “To thine own self be true,” and others will follow. The other point to remember is to adapt your sales talk not only to yourself but also to the personality and temperament of the perlsons with whom you are conversing. Many people even in this modern day and age are definitely lacking in a sense of humor. In all cases it is well to keep in mind such “don’ts” as don’t make inane remarks, don’t appear too intellectual, or be obviously flattering. Most people see through that kind of behavior and it either embarrasses or disgusts them.
Maiers Tells How To Gel A Job.Today Seniors interested in learning how to get a job, will be given the opportunity today at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Education Building, when M. J. Maiers, in charge of the charge of the training of technical graduates in the Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago. 111., will address all seniors and juniors who wish to attend. Maiers will talk on “The Traits Which an Employer Looks for in a Senior.” The University Placement Committee, who is sponsoring this series of lectures, urges all seniors in the University to attend this lecture.
Virginia C. Meredith Club will sponsor an illustrated lecture by Miss Laura Lorenson, writer and lecturer of the decorative arts of New York City, this evening at 7:30 in the Home Economics auditorium. An exhibit of Spode china, “store” china and earthenware at the various stages of completion as well as the finished products will be shown. Nina DeWitt president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, has ipvited all girls who are interested to attend this meeting. MChE To Hear Nordell Talk On Zeolite Process Eskel Nordell of the Permutit company will address the AIChE this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. He will discuss the zeolite process for softening water, and will supplement his lecture with a series of slides, showing types of equipment. According to Jim Jacobi, secretary of the AIChE, Nordell is one of the outstanding authorities on watei in the United States, and his lecture should be of special interest to the chemical engineers and sanitary engineers.
—TodayCourt 1—Aronson 4:00—White vs. Orange. 4:15-—Gray vs. Green. Court 3 — Mann 4:00—Red vs. Purple. 4:15—Blue vs. Black.
BASKETBALL —Tonight— Court 1—Igney 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7:15—Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:25—Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward 2X. Court 2—Aronson 7:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7:15—Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Chi.
RIFLE RANGE OFFICERS —Today— 4:00—Allen. 5:00—Coffee. 7 ;00—Amt. 8:00—Amt. —Tomorrow— 3:00—Obenchain. 4:00—Rosen.^ 5:00—Allen. 7:00—Sollitt. 8:00—Elton.
The basketball center at Texas State Teachers’ College stands six feet nine inches in his sock feet.
/%LL E SCHOOL OF DiANCI NCa LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, FEB, 16, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. REASONABLE RATES PHONE 2150
rNDi'ANA'l lARGES'' ' • i N E'll'’’rC HOOt 01 DAMC
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Tuesday. February 8. 1938
By Lichty
‘‘Well, I hope he don’t go back to nickel cigars—my husband will he furious!”
lan dress
s
Chailotte de Hajek, youthful Hungaiian lecturer, will visit the University campus this week-end to present accounts of her native life and cultural achievements through talks, dances, paintings, slides, motion pictures, and gramaphone records. Miss de Hajek came to America to graduate from Vassar College in 1929, and then returned to Hungary to get an' M. A. degree from the University of Budapest in 1931. In Budapest she received a stage manager’s diploma from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in 1932, and a year later became stage manager of the Royal Hungarian National Theater—the first woman in Europe to hold such a position. The Union Art Club will hear Miss de Hajek Friday, the day after hei expected ai rival here. She will lecture to Prof. Laurentza SchantzHansen’s 9 and 10 o’clock art classes
with VICTOR MOORE <• HELEN BRODERICK • PARKYAKARKUS BILLY GILBERT
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
'' —also— “WILD WEST DAYS” SERIAL
Satuiday morning, and on Sunday afternoon will appear at a concert in the Memorial Union ballroom. The University convocations committee and the Art Club are sponsoring Miss de Hajek’s engagement on the campus. Arrangements were made through Prof. C. Lanczos, of the mathematics department.
A survey of the students of the University of California shows that they spend $1,000,000 annually.
» Rifle Instruction Group II and others interested in rifle instructioh report Tuesdays and Fridays at 4 p. m. in room 107 in the gym. Do not bring rifles. —HOLMES.
TODAY — TOMORROW
I GLEHDAFARRCa LOLA LANE lOHNNIE DAVIS ALAN MOWBRAY
•nd dlr*c( froH Orchtd Room ofifHiAIr THE HOLLYWOOD HOTEL PROGRAIi
mUiCES LAN6FQ&0 • JERRY COOPER KEH NILES OUANE THOMPSON RAYMOND PAtOE ft HIS ORCHESTRA
li
EM? Durc ji mmr
A Paramount Picture with EDMUND LOWE CHIIRUS CHARLES
BUTTERWORTH * WINNINSER WAITER GATlEn*llOYDNOIAN HERMAN BING- CHESTER CONKUN
and lOUIS ARMSTRONG
Today and Wednesdayfiwsday. Fel^nioxy 8« 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
i'-if V
A
Ifard Swimmers Vie In Annual Meet Tonight
Program Consists Of Seven Events Including Relay, Diving; Starts At 7
The annual inter-ward swimming meet will be held tonight in the pool at the Fieldhouse starting at 7 o’clock. Seven events are included on the program, beginning with the 100-yard free style. Following this event will be, in order, the 100-yard breast stroke, 40-yard free style, 100-yard back stroke, 160yard relay, fancy diving, and 220-yard free style. For two or three weeks contest-
ants have had the opportunity to discuss the meet with swimming coach LaBree, and iron out their difficulties or ask questions. One man constitutes a team. Fancy Diving In the fancy diving event four
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
varieties are optional and four are required. Four men will compete in the 160-yard relay. Three events is the maximum number for any entry, including the relay. Winners of events will be awarded three points and all other participants one point toward the participation total. In addition to the points, the winner of each event will receive a medal.
Frozen Food Lockers Plans will be presented for plant to process meats, berries, fruits and vegetables by quick freezing and storage in individual lockers at (2 meetings this week). Ladies meeting, 2:15 p. m., Thurs., Feb. 10 Ladies and Gentlemen meeting 2:15 p. m.. Sat., Feb. 12 Meetings to be held at College Inn Cafeteria Phone 2971 for information or to have representative call on you Rental blanks may be filled in at Purdue State Bank
Reeck^s Grunt And Groan Artists Provide Good Show For Onlookers
By Rolfe Jenkins A guy learns a lot just going around and noticin’ things. The other day the wrestling room was thd scene of a much enjoyed visit and the following actiqns and sallies were going on: “Take ’im away,” Coach Reeck yells to a big guy in a green shirt, who is going through his wrestling drill with another one of the mat aspirants, and the command would have passed unnoticed had not the “big guy” been Rossi, hefty freshman wrestler. But Rossi is different. He doesn’t walk away and wait for his opponent to follow. No, sir. His orders are to “take ’im away” and he believes in doin’ what he’s supposed to, so he "I'ises and gingerly reaches down, grabs an armful of the guy he’s been scrappin’ with, transports it to the other end of the room, and drops it. He obeys
orders.
Rossi Has Plenty of Power ' The other wrestlers observe this by-play good humoredly,' knowing that there is an untold amount of power in the pounds of honest to gosh muscle known as Rossi, one of the swellest guys in the freshman gang. They return to their muscular contortions. Frequently during the ensuing period of grunting and sweating down at the “business end of the floor” Coach Reeck turns back to Rossi and smiles to himself, perhaps commenting to anyone who happens to be close by, “Boy, if he learns how to handle that power he’ll be a world beater. I wouldn’t mind having that boy on the varsity right now.” Then reverting to the wrestlers at hand, he says something like, “Now! Willey, now! That’s the time to turn around and tear his arm off. Try it again.” While Willey gets back into position and tries it again
Tobacco ^rmers Bank on His Judoment
John L, Pinnix—Independent Warehouseman^ is one of many tobacco experts who prefer Luckies, I N THE warehouses Mr. Pinnix has managed in Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, 46,000,000pounds of tobacco have been sold.Farmers travel many miles to bring their crops to Mr. Pinnix’s warehouse for sale. Reason is that they respect his tobacco experience and business integrity. So surely Mr. Pinnix’s views are worth your respect, too. ”At every market I’ve ever attended,” says Mr. Pinnix, ’’Lucky Strike has bought the ripest, mellowest tobacco offered. That’s why I’ve smoked Luckies ever since I first became a warehouseman 20 years ago.” Mr. Pinnix’s statement is borne out by sworn records which show that, among independent tobacco experts —auctioneers, buyers, and warehousemen—Luckies have over twice as many exclusive smokers as have all the other ..y ^ cigarettes combined.
HAVE YOU HEARD "THE CHANT OF THE TOBACCO AUCTIONEER" ON THE RADIO T When you do, remembor that Luckies use the finest tobacco. And also that the "Toasting" process removes certain harsh irritants found in 2|l tobacco. So Luckies are kind to your throat.
ikat WITH MEN WHO KNOW TOBACCO BEST-IT’S LUCKIES 2 T01
Ovinicfat AadkbBTWhMOBOa
Reeck turns his head toward the other guys and yells to a kid we’ll call “Duffy,” “Duffy ... go over and take Rossi.” Duffy Works Out Turning his head and looking toward the one called “Duffy,” the massive freshman sees a 112-pound kid hop up and dash over toward him enthusiastically. He stops his exercise and gets up. “He’ll tackle anybody,” Reeck grins, nodlding toward Duffy. But hq doesn’t tackle this man. Instead, the big boy in the green shirt, now standing up, holds his arms out to one side and the casual observer thinks that the nervy kid Duffy is going to try a bit of off-hand high hurdling, but he just takes off and lands outstretched in the huge arms of his adversary. Up he goes, and in a flash is looking at the mat from a horizontal position about seven feet above. “If you drop me I’ll flatten ya. I’ll clip ya,” he yells at the big guy. Rossi vs. Duffy Rossi grins and playfully lays him flat on the floor. Next he tells the 112-pounder to get any hold he wants to, and proceeds to stand up with a bored expression, apparently not noticing that he weighs about 112 pounds more than before. Five minutes of this and the kid gets a little weary. ’ As soon as he lays down to relax for a moment-or two Coach Reeck glances in that direction and winks at the fellow next to him, then fixes a stern look on his face. “Hey, Duffy, I’ll have no loafing in here. My men are wrestlers, not star-gazers.” Duffy drags himself to his feet and says to the next-biggest-guy in the room, “Say, I’ll take you on, and in less time than it takes to describe, is out of sight. “Where’s Duffy?” the coach asks in a couple of minutes. When he catches sight of a familiar-looking gym shoe, he states with a laugh, “That’s Duffy. Whenever you want to find Duffy all you have to do is look on the bottom and you’ll see him . . . somewhere underneath.” A few minutes later Reeck hollers, “That’s enough Duffy, you can take your ^shower,” and the diminutive grappler rises slowly to his feet and heaves a sigh, offers a rather
Varsity Swimmers Lose To Michigan State, 45-39 Matching their opponents point for poiPt through the first six events, Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity swimming team was finally defeated by Michigan State College in East Lansing, Mich., Saturday night, 49-35. The Michigan team won firsts in both relays and in four of the seven individual events, while the Purdue squad took three firsts and five seconds.
Fencers To Face Two Opponent At Madison Saturday Fresh from their victory over Ohio State at the Fieldhouse Fi-iday night, the Boilermaker fencing squad will travel this week-end to Madison, Wis., where it will compete with the Wisconsin and Northwestern teams.
By defeating Ohio State, 14-3. Purdue gained its second Big Ten victory. In the foils division the squad won seven individual matches and lost two. The saber men won three matches and lost one. The epee group had a pei’fect record, with four wins and no losses. Eighty freshmen fencing enthusiasts were present iat the initial meeting of the frosh fencing squad yesterday afternoon at the Fieldhouse. Practice will be held today in the third floor gym at 4 o’clock. Freshmen who are interested and whether present yesterday or not, should report today with old gym clothes.
pleased and happy smile, and picks up his sweatshirt. But you can’t get away from Duffy, it seems.. Ten minutes later somebody stumbles across Coach Reeck’s foot. He looks up and sees . . . Duffy! Everybody watches the coach, who first looks a little perplexed, then grins and says, as he stands up, “That’ll be all fellas. Get outa here, Duffy,” and the wrestlers pick up their sweatshirts, wipe their sweating brows, stretch, and walk past the weight chart and out the door to conclude one more swell practice.
YOUR GIRL Probably Has a New Dress for the Interfraternity - Ball -
Howjs yoiir FORMAL WEAR We are equipped to give you immediate service on ^ / Tails or Tuxedos $17.5o.$30-oo every detail guaranteed authentic.
Arrow Shirts and Collars Beau BrummeU Neckwear Hickok Jewelry and Braces 500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
After the first six events had been run, the two teams were tied, each having Won three firsts and three seconds. Then the Michigan tankmen won firsts in the last three events, the breast stroke, the 440yard free style, and the free style relay—and pulled away from the Boilermaker team. Purdue’s Three Firsts Armstrong, Lahey and Craig .supplied the three firsts for Purdue in the 220-yard free style, the 50yard free style, and the diving. The 360-yard free style relay, the final event of the evening, proved to be the most spectacular event. Lahey, Purdue anchor man, outswam his opponents, and came within inches of winning the race. Three members of the Michigan team are holders of Michigan State College varsity records for their individual events. The meet was conducted under the inter-collegiate rules in the varsity pool, which is ninety feet in length, fifteen feet longer than the Purdue pool. Purdue Beats YMCA On Friday evening, the Boilermaker team defeated the Fort Wayne YMCA in an exhibition meet, 54-30. The Purdue squad won firsts in all but one event. Lahey paced the winners with firsts in the 60yard and 100-yard free style events. George Wildhack, who competed in the Kentucky-Indiana AAU championships instead of accompanying the team on its trip, won a third place in the men’s diving. The meet was held at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Interfraternity Indoor Track Meet Starts In Fieldhouse Tomorrow Starting tomorrow afternoon and finishing Thui’sday, the first annual Interfraternity Indoor Track and Field Meet will be held in the Fieldhouse. Competition is scheduled to start both afternoons at 4:15 p. m. No entry blank will be required for participation in this meet, but fraternity managers are advised to instruct their men regarding the order of events and the approximate times that the events will start. With the relay as an exception, not more than two men from a fraternity may be entered in any event. In the relay, four men will compose a team and each individual will run 110 yards each. Participation points will be given to the fraternities competing; 50 the points to the fraternity entering four men, 10 points to the winning fraternity, and five to the runnerup. To the winners of the different events medals will be awarded, with a trophy being presented to the vie-, torious fraternity* ’
Boilermaker Nettere— (Continued from page 1)
shots brought a big applause from the crowd. The box score follows:
Illinois (13) Hapac, f Nisbet, f Lasater; c Frank, g Davies, g Handlon, g
B. .1 . 2 . 1 . 0 .0 . 0
F. 2 0 1 0 0 2
P. 2 1 1 2 1 S
Totals 4
5 10
Purdue (23) B. F- P. Young, f 2 3 0 Sines, f 2 10 Hutt, f 1,0 0 Anderson, c 2 12 Malaska, g 10 1 Beretta, g 0 0 2 Dickinson, g 10 0 Totals 8.5 10THE pmam exk>neht
Ta«sday, Febradi^ 8/
Univereity Club Sets
February 14 As New Date For Old-Fasbioned Dance
University Club has postponed its old-fashioned dancing party to February 14. instead of Monday as was XU'e V i ou s I y a n n o u n c c d.
Miss Grace Ryan of the Central State Teachei-s’ College, Mt. Pleasant, Mich., who is the author of “Dances of Our Pioneers,” wnll have charge of the old-fashioned dances during the early part of the evening, and at 10 o’clock modern dancing will begin. Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play during the entire evening.
As an added attraction, movies of public welfare work in the state will be shown in the faculty lounge at 7:30 p. m. and 10 p. m.
A special invitation has been extended to all staff and faculty members of the University.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
BOARD— Have board for students. Home cooking, very reason-
able. A call will convince you. Call 56823.
ROOMMATE WANTED—Across street from campus. Private entrance, constant hot water. 203 University.
LOST ON EAST SIDE: Triangle fraternity pin set with opals and rubies. Call 4005. Reward.
HALF DOUBLE ROOM—Twin bed; boai’d. 227 Wood street.
TIRED OF RESTAURANT FOOD?—Home cooking $5.00 per week. Clean-and good. 219 Littleton street. Phone 61404.
LOST—Elgin watch in Union on Satui-day 5 to 6 p. m. Initials E.D.N. Reward. Call E. D. Neal 7032.
LOST—Brown zipper notebook in room 201 Education Building Tuesday of exams. Please I’eturn notes. Greiner 3374.
LOST—Hamilton wrist watch in Union Saturday • evening. Finder call 55304. Reward.
FOR RENT—Nice large, light rooms, continuous hot water, good heat, nice location on car line. 100 South street.
FOR RENT—Student room. Private entrance. Contintibus hot water. 113 South Grant. Phone 5130.
FOR RENT — Single room, 122 Pierce street. Phone 7764.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD S. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Jewelry •—
R.J.BATH Watcli^ Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
— Dine —
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road ,
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy
Glotz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Locksmith —•
“C” CARTER
for Keja — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and'Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Florist
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Dorner’s Flower Shop Qutdity FlotcerB Main at 7th Phone 6050
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~^Ofncc Slalloafiy. Wedding Invitalloni
PHONE - Sale. Book., Etc... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Notices
No Notices Acceptei^^ After S p.m.
Industrial Education Societ}': Important business meeting February 8 at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union. Election of officers. All industrial education students are invited. —MOORE.
AIChE: Meeting February 8 at 4 :80 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr. Eskel Nordell of the Permutite Co. will speak on commercial water softening. —GBIFFENHAGEN.
WAA Volleyball :i Class practices February 9 at 4 p. m. 'To be eligible for class teams one must have played in two intramural games or must come out for these two practices. —RODERICK.
Playshop Board Members: Have the names of your committee for program to me by afternoon of February 8. —McKEE.
Purdue Engineer: All sophomore and freshman staff members report to the office of the Engineer February 8 at 4 p. m. —BAALS.
Orchesis: Compulsory meeting and practice February 8 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All those who have ever participated in orchesis, please attend. -HARRY.
Catalyst Club: Important meeting February 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 202 Heavilon Hall. —BOWMAN.
Student Senate: Meeting February 8 at 7:30 p. m. in the senate office. Freshmen' will take office at that time. —BOHYANS.
Shop Students: All keys for clothes lockers in the south wash room in Michael Golden Shops assigned to students who do not have shop assignments for the second semester, must be returned to the department AT ONCE. Keys not returned by February 12, will be paid for by students holding them. —TURNER.
Sophomore Union Workers: All those desiring extra union hour credit please report to the musical offices at Eliza Fowler Hall during off hours. —WOOD.
Co-ed Debate: Meet in room 302, University Hail at 4 p. m. February 8. —WINCH.
WAA Ping Pong: 'These games to be played by noon February lO: Reimann vs. Randall; Swick vs. Mather; Cocking vs. Hollingsworth. / * —DELAPLANE.
Strong Vocational Guidance Tests: Results are available until February 12 at room 202 of the Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Fraternity Presidents: All fraternities please bring enlarged pins or insignia to Union office before February 10 at 4:30 p. m. to be used as Interfraternity Ball decorations. —HARPER.
' WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 7:16 p. m. in the WSGA office, February 8. —SLOCUM.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be an important meeting at 7:16 p.m. Februarjr 8 in room F of the Union'. —BAALS.
Camera Club: Will' the following members please meet with me in Room D of the Union on February 8 at the designated times ; 4 p. m., W. J. Derner, W. M. Donahue. 4:10, J. R. Hopkins, C. B. Jones. 4:20 R. B. Koehler, E. Moss and Jim West. ( —WILLIAMSON.
Playshop Stage Crew: Work in sub-base-ment February 8 at 4 p. m. Important. —BRENMAN.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting February 9, in' the Lafayette Historical museum at 7 :30 p. m. —MILLER.
Radio Club: Meeting February 9 in room C of the Union at 7 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
WAA Basketball: Open practice February
■ following teams j>lease
8 at 4 p. m. Will the „ be present: Pi Beta Phi, Ward 2, Kappa Alpha , Theta, Ward 4, and Pedglion.
-MORRIS.
WAA, Members: Important that all WAA members be present February 9, at 4 p. m.. Women’s Gym. Special business. —DANIELS.
Union Workers: My committee report in Uriion office, 4 p. m., February 8. —TURNER.
Union Workers: Following committees report in workshop February 8, at 4 p. m. —MILLHOLLAND, HARPER, TAYLOR.
Exponent Sophpmore Co-eds: Work schedule for February 9: Wimborough, 'Thrasher, and Johnson ; February 11, Schilling, Sawdon, Wickard, and Henry; and February 12, Henry, Martens, and Steffee. —McKee.
Crown Cleaned Clothes
wear longer—have added beauty and are
free from moths and germs. All wool garments are moth proofed by MONITE process as they are cleaned.
F I
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
T oday, three men run the political empire suddenly left leaderless by the assassination of Huey Long. Who are these men, and how did they win the scramble for power? Who among the inner circle of Huey’sleaders lost out, and what happened to the family of the obscure young doctor who killed the Kingfish? Just what is “the second Ixiuisiana purchase” and how are Louisiana people faring under their new political masters? Turn to page 5 of your Post this week for the answers.
Huey^s Hcifs by F. RAYMOND DANIELL
If your hound onfy^ said instead ofy^W^^'
A HEAD WOMAN
IN THE BACK OF OUR CAR? . . . well, all things f
Funny how different a murder story looks when it’s YOU that you’re reading about in the headlines. A dead woman turns up in your car (THE ACCUSED FEIGNS SURPRISE). Yout wife is rather upset (HOR-ROR-STRICKEN WIFE SHRINKS FROM KILLER-HUSBAND). And so on. It could happen to anybody.
It Could Happen to You by CHARLES HOFFMAN
ANH ''' flying this ship? An account of how HIIIa aviation is slowly but surely being stripped of its biggest risk, human error. By W. A. Patterson ... ONE WAY TO tELL IF A GIRL CAN REALLY COOK: MARRY HER! A short story about a conscientious gourmet, Cupboard Lover, by Sophie Kerr ... WE LIVED A YEAR AMONG THE ESKIMOS! A young couple tell you their adventurous story in Farthest West, 'by Ruth and Bill Albee... Stories, articles, serials, cartoons and intimate news on the Keeping Posted page.