jr\i
f Y-' , «
< i
{I >
'' ' -'‘'-V 'T*'5?x a / A, fiiJ
, , \ ? i ^ t ! V
' jj f ^ ^ ^
A if * ^ ^
©he ipturOuc Tcxpanesit
Published toatiy b/ Students of Purdue University
VOLUBLE 3UiVIIt
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, 1936
NUliBElt T
Fans To Stage Cheer Session
At Jelf Gym Coaches, Editoi^s, Offi-
cj^ls Will l^peak At
Rally Tj^mjMsiy
Loyalty to Purdue and courageous Boilermakers who are slowly recovering from a major athletic tragedy will he demonstrated at a mass meeting Thursday at 7j30 p. m. in the Jefferson high school gymnaSihm. Coaches, sports editors, and high oMcials in the business world will participate in the rally. Extra seats are being placed on tbe gym floor to accomodate an overflow crowd of 6,000 expected. The mass meeting is being arranged by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. Harry J. Schilling, aided by E. B. Baugh, H. H. Horner and Dr. Fred Loop, is in charge of arrangements. Herbert L. Graves, president of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, will introduce Larry Downs, president of the I. C. Railroad, who will act as master of ceremonies. Downs, C. E. ’94, was a member of the first unbeaten Boilermaker eleven in ’93. First speaker of the evening will be Henry Marshall, Sr., publisher of the Lafayette Journal-Couriei He will be followed by Fritz Ernst, vice president of the American Rolling Mill Company. Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, and Bill Fox, sports editor of the Indianapolis (Continued on page 2)
SAA Sales 575
Above Record
A total of 676 mOre athletic ticket books were sold this year at registration than the total sales for any previous year. At the end of registration, 1,875 ticket books had been sold, according to Harry Hughes, president of the Student Athletic Association, last year’s total sales amounted to 1,300. There is no account of books sold sinf!;e registration. A limited number of ticket books are still available at the University ticket office. Only a few of the ticket books with the 50 cent Chicago game privilege are left. The price of the books is still $7.00.
October Engineer Will Contain Four
Extra Pages
Due to the increased circulation, the October issue of the Purdue Engineer which will come out early next month will be four pages larger than previous regular issues. An even larger magazine will be published during the months of December, Jahuary, and February, when the special issues are printed. These three issues are devoted to welding, highway's, and prominent seniors, respectively. An interesting description of the huge, new German airship, the Hindenburg, will be given by J. R. Murray, junior in the mechanical school, in the October issue, which is also to contain a humorous article by Joe Adashko, recent alumnus. All staffs of the Engineer will gather in the office on the second floor of the Union Building at 4 p. m, today. All freshmen interested in writing for the Engineer are urged to attend.
Orchedis Names Seven New Members
For Sportsmanship An4 Sdhdol
Courtesy Evansville Conrier
Drawn by Karl Kae Knecht
Conduct Final Rites For McGannon
Orchesjs has added seven new girls to its membership. They are Ruthjeanne Carr, Catherine Ann Cromer, Margaret Pantone, Helen Howard, Mary Humphreys, June Louise Prentice and Margaret
The U, of California is conducting a liar’s conteet. Co-eds are permitted to enter but n)iust compete for a special prize. The committee maintains that “the women are in a class all ,by themselves.”
Memorial Service Announced By Sounding Of ‘‘Taps’*’; Coach Kizer^ Team At Funeral
Fin^l services for Francis Thomas McCJannon were conducted simultaneously here and in Evansville at 9 o’clock yestei‘day„mormi}?,- ^ High Requiem JiJasses were sung Ut St. Mary’s Catholic church ^nd at St. Benedict’s Catholic church in Evansville. A consolation address was
AChS Hears Of Unhappy Nucleus
Illustrating his lecture with humorous references to the “unhappy home life of a nucleus surrounded by six electrons,” Dean Whitmore, head of the school of chemistry and physics at Pennsylvania State Univeisity, addressed^ the fiist meeting of the American Chemical Society yesterday afternpon on the subject of “Polymerization”. introduced by Prof. R. N. Shreve, Dean Whitmore discussed the struggle of each electron to gather unto itself a full chain of eight negative charges whether coming from hydrogen or complicated organic groups, explaining much of the mechanism of polymerization. A brief outline of work done in the past three years was given, illustrated by slides. Polymerization is a rather incompletely investigated field of organic chemistry and oifers promise of adventure to the young chemist.
Let Bids Friday For Residence Hall
Bids for the new Women’s Residence Hall will be let Friday. The new hall will cost between $276,000 and $300,000. It will be almost identical with the present hall, in the Elizabethan Tudor type of architecture, accomodating 122 students.
Discussion Group Meets Tomorrow
Discussion group of the btudent Union is holding its first meeting of this year on Wednesday night, at 7:30 ih room 2 of the Union Building, The subject for discussion has not been announced. In the future, students interested in the group will decide each week the topic for the next meeting. Some of the informally conducted topics last year were: “Comparative Religion,” “Personal Philosophy,” “Civilization,” “Double and Single Standards,” and “Papifism versus Militarism.”
delivered by Father Leo Pursley, University Catholic pastor, in the special memorial service which followed the high mass here. The church was filled with townspeople, students, football players who could not attend the funeral in Evansville, and members of McGannon’s fraternity. Bugle Call The start of the service was announced' on the campus by a bugle sounding “taps”. Activity in classrooms ceased for a few minutes in respect of the gridiron gpreat which had passed away. Funeral services were conducted at the home of the parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. McGannon, in Evansville, followed by the mass at the church. Athletic Director Noble E. Kizer led the delegation of University officials to the funeral. Those who attended were; Coaches Mai Elward and Melvin Taube; Captain George Bell, McGannon’s former backfield mates, John Drake, Cecil Isbell, Wayne Gift and Fred Stalcup, and members of his fraterraty. Pall IBearers Pall bearers were: Jack Kent and Dick Coffee, fraternity brothers who donated blood for the transfusions; Cecil Isbell, Verle Campbell, Indianapolis, representing Purdue alumni; Guy Mackey, member of the coaching staff; and Dfck Lythgoe, representing Memorial High School in Evansville, where McGannon first attained gridiron fame. Members of the football team, fraternity brothers and representatives from the local high schools were honorary pall bearers.
Discuss Rush System Today At Fowler Hall
AH sorority women will meet at Eliza Fowler Hall today at 4 o’clock for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic nfeeting. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will speak, as well as each sorority president. Mr. Roy Street, lawyer for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Association, will talk on “The Lawyer’s Viewpoint on the New Rush System.”
Girls who attended Wheaton College 100 years ago. were required to report to chapel yrith their mending and darning.
DeckerOnWay To Recovery H^uiltcly ImpTu ved For First Time Since Accident
Many Speakers Lead Progress Convocatioii
6,000 Persons Attend Inauguradon Of Univer* sity’s 63rd Year; John T. McCutcheon Presides
r
ByR.P.Maiiioii
To the accompaniment of “The Victor’s March,” played hy the Purdue Military Band, and before a near capacity audience of 6,000 persons, the greatest galaicy ever to grace an inangorating ceremony at the University walked onto the platfonn in the Armory last night at the “Progress Convocation,” marlriiig the beginning of the Univer-
Lowell Decker, veteran fullback from Reading, Mieh., appeared to be definitely improved last night for the first time since the tragic accident which claimed the lives of two of his teammates. Attending physicians said that he had had a comparatively restful night, and, although his condition is still serious, barring complications, he is on the road to recovery.
Pat ]^laska, reserve halfback.
continued to show progress and is believed to be out of danger.
What! No Bugs? Adventurous Pair Tries Curh-Stone Studying
Hot weather is no problem to Kenton Baldock and Pat Shea, who room at 204 Marstellar Street. When the perspiration began to trickle down their arms in streams last night they decided to seek a cooler spot for the pursuit of then studies.
The out-of-doors beckoned, but it was dark out there ... or so they thought until they glanced from their room windows and ^aw the brilliant glare of a street light. Loading their books under their arms they retired to the sidewalk under the lamp at the corner of Wood and Marstellar Streets to become curb-stone students. The experiment proved a success and the boys are planning to continue the practice as long as the hot weather cpntinues. “There are less bugs to worry you,” they both exclaimed when the matter of insects was mentioned. “The bugs were attracted to the light which is ’way up in the air so they didn't bother us down on the sidewalk.”
FRESHMEN
All freshmen interested in working on the staff of the Purdue Engineer are to report at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Sept. 22, in the Engineer oflice on the second floor of the Union Building. —JONES.
sity’s 63rd year. The list of personages and groups presented to the assembled students, faculty, and townspeople included: John T. McCutcheon, presiding speaker. President Edward C. Elliott, Albert P. Stewart and the University Glee club, David E. Ross, G. W. Burnell, J. H. Shoemaker, Edward Nell, Amelia Earhart, George Palmer Putnam, Noble E. Kizer, George Ade, Prof. F. C. Hockema, and ProL P. S. Emrick and the band. Introductory TalK Following the leading of the crowd in yells by Burnell, head cheer leader, and an introductory talk and his presentation by President Elliott, Mr. McCutcheon sketched some early days at Purdue, where, as a senior, he wore at aU times the class uniform, a silk hat and frock coat. “He was married to Purdue in ’89 and has been a loyal husband, father, son and grandson, ever since,”
said Mr. McCutcheon, in introducing David Ross, president of the University board of trustees, whom he styled “Purdufe’s Public Friend No, 1.” “It’s Your Uhion” “It’s your Union. Let’s use it,” exclaimed Jim Shoemaker, president p|rjthe,:^hdent Memorial Union,’in conclusion of his talk relating the history and purposes of the organization and building. Edward Nell, ’21, baritone, sang “Old Man River” and “Home on the Range,” and was called back for an encore. He was accompanied at the piano by Mrs. C. Haven Smalley. Amelia Earhart, aviatrix, described her Lockheed Electra “flying laboratory,” given to her by the Purdue Research,Foundation, with the words, “The plane is really one to (Continued on page 3)
Corp:
swm
Form On Field
Omitting preliminary formations in the Armory because of the convocation seats, the 2,600 members of the University R. O. T. C. unit will go directly to Stewart Field at 11 o’clock this morning for the first corps day of the semester. Four regiments will be formed for the first time in the history of the corps.
Enrollment Hits New High
Total Of 5,287 Stif dents Regist^ed; Expect 250 More
Enrollment Hiis year exceeds Hmt of last year by 20 pear emit, according to official figures released Saturday by Pres. E. C. ElUott. A total of 5,287 students have enroUed, with the prospect of late r^istrations accounting for an additional 250. The dual figures are expected to exceed 5,500. The present enrollment is the largest known to the Universiiy since its founding. Classrooms are filled and numerous new ffivisions have been formed. More than 2,150 fTeshihen have registered and co-eds number nearly 1,000. Tjie engineering schools lead aU others with a total of 2,981 students.
E.N.CoxHeads ROTC Juniors
E. N. Cox, junior in the school of mechanical ei^qeerhag, wi^ tuwed top ranking first sergeant among the juniors in the R. O. T. C. umt^ according to an announcement made last night by the military department. Juniors in advanced military this year are non-commissioned officers ranked in three division: first sergeants, staff sergeants and sergeants. The following temporary appointments, according to relative taid^ are announced: Cadet First Sergeants E. N, Cox, D. D. Baals, W. C. Musham, J. R. Murray, W. H. Wood, M. L. Underwood, P. S. Emri^, B. C. Kingsbury, E. C. Alexander, P. L. Goers, H. W. Arnold, N. K. Reinhard, A. H. Hokanson, G. F. Wickersham, C. B. Neilsbn, C. E. Maaha, V. W. Antuschko, R. P. Griffenhagen, H. L. Grieger, J. G. Conway, L. R. Bearse, M. M. Ross, E. E. Criss, 6. L. Brown, G. Poehlmann, G. LeMasters, J. Vanderford, A. K. Fisher. Cadet Staff Sergeanta W. W. Jones, W. H. Bany, C. L. (Continued on page 3)
Fraternities Pledge 488 36 Groups Release Lists; Sigma Nu Gets 27
Pledgings listed by 36 Greek organizations on the campus last night totaled 488, about one-fourth of the enrollment of freshman men for the current semester. The Sigma Nu house secured 27 men from the aggregate to lead the remaining fraternities. Only one house. Phi
Kappa Ta^ did not choose to announce its pledges.
Alpha Tau Omega O. Miller, Indianapolis; E. Paulis, Warsaw; C. Becker, Albany, N. Y.; R. Stevenson, Plymouth; R. Dyer, Pendleton; V. Thegze, Whiting; P. Mascari, Terre Haute; R. Fugate, Brazil; T. Walsh, Brazil; N. Terry, Long Island, N. Y.; G. Mater, Bloomfield; A. Chapline, Kankakee, HI.; W. Cushing, Detroit, Mich.; J. O’Malley, Indianapolis; J. Richey, Detroit, |Mich.; J. Curtis, Elkhart; R. Stapleton, Aki^on, N. Y.; G. Foxworthy, R. Burkholder, and J. Kimble, all of Indianapolis. Phi Kappa E. Hannifin, Chicago, XU.; G. Sims, Chicago, 111., H. Mqnson, River Forest, III,; M. Weikart, Port Waynej T, Ambr^ Gary; B. Loakot, New Ywk, N. Y.; R, Hawf. Park Wayne; P, l^bahey, WatarlHiry,
Conn.; J. Lawler, South Bend; R. Saymanski, Franklin, N. J.; C. Bngleman. Rocky River, O.; L. Reed, Fort Wayne; L. Didier, Fort Wayne; J. Coffee, Port Wayne; iJ. Wilson, Hammond; E. Klein, Hammond; C. Pandell, Chicago, HI. Pirathon C. J. Echterling, Lowell; G. Baluk, Gary; P. H. McKnight, Elwood; K. C. Houston, Milwaukee, Wis.; W, L. Kunkle, Hartford City; It. K. Yodk, Bridgeport, Conn. Theta Xi P. J. Bryant, Westfield^ N, J,; R. W. Hallett, Niagara Falls, N- T.; 6* L. Heitert, Webstmr Groves, Mo.; BU W. Hicks, Fort Thomas, Ky,; W. Dv Kise, Cincinnati, 0.; S. G. Luthat, BellviUe, IB.; R. R. Mansfield, LonmviUo, Ky,; L. W. Mey«r, ^ Mama, Mo.; N. A. Newman, Lf^mnspoet; D, I*. Olsen, Waterloo, la.; A. €. Palermo, Chicago, Hh; R. G. Slmiiip^ Niagara N. Y.; Bk J. GocmIman, W. Lafayette. Phi Kappa C. T Bowling, CtByatahjana* A. Bawling, Cahnnl^oaa, fK; R. J* Ingmaol, Wmctisihwtoa; ML (L Kif* (Gmithiaad ^
#1
dr /
S'' \4fis
w
, i -t ff
^ A *%I’
<>3
THE PURHUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, iSepteilfiibgr 22,3,936
Mrs. Owen’s Speech I attended the Remocratie laUy last Saturday in the Lafayette Armory when Mrs. Ruth Bryan Owen gave the main address. During her talk, which was naturally fevering the president, she made a number of statements which I would like to question in the name bf accuracy. She said that Roosevelt had the courage to close all the banks and that then when he opened them they remained open. What about the banks that didn^t reopen which might never have closed otherwise ? She said the AAA took the surplus farm products out of circulation and thus helped the farmers. What surplus ? It has always been my understanding that this country never had a surplus of anything; rather that it has been mal-distribution at the bottom of the economic trouble. She said that currency devaluation had the same beneficial effect on the price level as in 28 other countries. Did she include post-war Germany in this number? If not, why not? Doesn’t she know that it is only the first whiff of inflation that is pleasant, and that it is often a nearly fetal remedy ? She said that the depression was caused by the high Republican tariff. This is certainly a novel belief, one that I have never heard before. In economics I was taught that depressions were caused by reckless oyerexpansion of credit. Can it be that she is right ? She said that the NRA and other government measures had led to the reemployment of 3,500,000 men. Yet it is my understanding that the number of unemployed today is equal to or greater than the number in 1932. She said that the national debt at the end of the war was higher than today. I have always been told that the present debt was the largest in the country’s history. She said in almost so many words that Hoover let men starve. She did this by saying the comparison was accurate between his administration and the case of the man who wouldn’t borrow but instead let his children starve to death. I understand that Hoover did borrow money. I also have heard the reports of no instances in which a person who requested assistance from 1928 to March 4,1933, died of starvation. She said that the CCC took boys who were transients and without homes. According to all accounts I have seen, federal transient camps took care of such boys, and the CCC took only boys who lived at home and whose femilies were needy. I like the idea of the CCC, but her statement seemed grossly inaccurate. She said the Republicans didn’t do a thing to help relieve the distress caused by the depression. Did she ever hear of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation? Did she hear of any strikes during Hoover’s regime? Has she heard of any since? She seemed like a fine and gracious lady, but is not the Democratic party to be condemned for sending her out stumping just to capitalize on the publicity of her recent marriage ?
Work The Works Progress Administration has been the outstanding relief measure of the New Deal. It was designed to answer the objections of critics of the “hand-out” system of relief on the theory that the unemployed men preferred to work for their mohey. But the thing didn’t turn out quite as had been expected, leading to such parodies as “WPA—W e Putter Around”. Purdue students are well acquainted with the “puttering” of WPA workers. Who has forgotten the months and months it has taken to build a few short tunnels on the campus ? The situation is much the same everywhere. The immediate chiefs of the workers cannot be blamed, because they are only following the example of thousands of other officials in permitting laxness in work. Neither can the New Deal be blamed for the disappointments encountered in the program—^lack of effort, poor results, and numerous strikes. The administration can’t let people starve; if they refuse to work, there is nothing to do but give them relief in some other form, costing probably as much. And if some work is done in return for the money, that is all that can be expected. The Republicans are not hitting very hard at the JJew Deal for the failure of the WPA to accomplish ^urbue exponent Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Itcniber of National CoUeare Press Association, Biar Ten Editorial Association EzelnsiTdy Represented by National AdT’ertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by earner, $2.60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-inChief „ Managing Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF _ .. W. T. Hunt „ _.. E. H. Mprris K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Bports Editor
Associate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
U D. Wood
W. H.-F^fie]d. S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager „ R, j. Hulse National Advertising Manager „ _L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager^ . „ .. D. 0. Miller Cfirenlation Miwager. ...^— x p. Girard
lEdUor Advening Manager. Associate mUon,^.
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech ..— Jeanne Janousek, Doris Mct^tn^ Elisabetli Fyke
as much as the expenditures warrant. This is probably because they know that the situation would be the same no matter which party is in power. If the Republicans do make a fuss about the lack of results, they will be speaking out of turn. However, one must bear in mind that it is fair play to criticize some of the improvements which have been made, such as the bridge without approaches. On the other h&id, the Democrats afe pointing with pride to the “great accomplishments” of the WPA. Perhaps some of them have been great, but the amount of work per man has in most cases been very low. This month the Disteict of Columbia Works Progress Administration issued the first number of a magazine entitled “Work—^A Journal of Progress”. This magazine contains pictures of relief projects in the District, and articles on the national WPA situation by federal officials. The magazine would be all right if its aims were not so political in nature and if it were not published at government expense. The wide publicity given WPA and, for that matter, all the New Deal projects, is one of the worst features of the various programs. Radio, screen, newspaper, and other publicity, all paid for by the overworked taxpayer, are being utilized to make said tax payer think that the present administration is doing wonders and then vote Democratic in November. This publicity is really overwhelming, with every alphabetical agency sending out thousands of press releases alone weekly. The Republicans cannot be censured for questioning the purpose of this publicity and its value to the forgotten man—he who has to pay for it all.
Readers* Opinions Exfoneta welcomes comments oj good taste and reasonaila length from its readers.
The Student Directory To the Editor: Now that registration is over, we wonder how long it will be ere the printed ofiicial student directory is finished. The directory of last year, containing 118 pages, did not come out until in November. This was almost two months after registration had ended. Will the directory again be delayed by the powers that be? With the registrar’s staff as large as it is, and with many printing shops in Lafayette looking for work, I do not see why the directory should be delayed such a long time. By the time it comes out, we have struggled along without it for so long that we know the numbers of all our friends and have little use for that venerable book. Can’t something be done to hurry up this year’s directory? Hundreds of students like ourselves would appreciate greatly a little speed in its preparation.— C. V. and B. R.
Editor’s Note: The Exponent too hopes for the speedy issuance of the 1936-37 student directory. We have much use for it, and cannot expect to spell all names correctly until it is published. But apparently there is something or someone in the way of quick action in the matter. At least that seemed to be the case last year.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume resfonsibility for the opiniotu voiced in this column. Such ofinions are solely those of <Ao writer.
W8GA, So-CaUed
Having been in school for more than a year, I have had several dates. Having had several dates, I have come into contact with the Women's Self Government Association, so-called, through its hour rules. HaAfing come in contact with the W. S. G. A., so-called, I have learned something about it. Having learned something about the W. S. G. A., so-called, I haVe drawn some conclusions about it. Having drawn some conclusions about the W. S. G. A., so-called, I wish to tell you about them in this article. To me, and to hundreds of other male students, the W. S. G. A., so-called, is a farce. Its rules arb farces; its meetings are farces; but several of its ideas are good. You may wonder why I appear to be so antagonistic; it is partly because I think that girls of college age and supposedly of college-grade intelligence should approve such unpopular rulings as the Prom hour regulations and then go around griping about them later. Then, too, who could help labelling as a farce any organization which has over seven hundred members but at attendance of less than ten per cent at most of its meetings ? But the biggest farce of all, in my opinion, is that “self ”in the name. It is common knowledge that the W. S. G. A., so-called, is run by a few faculty Women who have taken it upon themselves to dictate principles of conduct for the poor, irresponsible little infants whom they believe to run around the campus. I am not a person of influence. J can’t run aroun^ and interview all the big shots just to get thjs sad state of affairs changed. But I can make a suggestion that might at least produce a bit of thought on the subject. This suggestion is that everyone who thinks the W. S. G. A., so-called, to be a farce should always refer to it as such, “the “W. S. G. A. SO-CALLED’
Oh, hello! Well, with only one more week of illegal rush left, we find that about 60% of the new W. R. H’ers have chosen their organizations— not to mention the sororities with their preference lists. NOTICE—^Rush this week will consist of Sweet Shop parties, shows and informal talks. Speaking of throat cutting, we ran across the following: NO DINNERS NO SLEDGES NORUSH(?) LOTS OF PLEDGES ALPHI XI. And this, children, is to be sung to the tune of “Barbasol, Barbasol”: Alpha Chi, Alpha Chi No rush, no bother, just drag in Whet your razor, then begin— (Note: Repeat as many times as necessary.) WANTED—More young men to take “expense paid” dates for sorority rushing purposes. —Sorority Rush Chairman. News comes to us that Kappa RITCHEY has given up her pin and that BOB DISTERDICK is now calling at 234 Marstellar Street. Those of you who attended the freshman mixer may have wondered how that bit of feminine apparel got in Sig WALLY CRAIG’S pocket. “Honest fellows. Somebody put it there!” Place: Purdue Airport. Time: 12:45 Saturday night. Things: Four cars and a Ford. Has college started yet? Starting the shaving season off With a bang, we find that four D. U.’s (seniors) have been “demoustached.” When interviewed, the shorn said: “Shucks, we was asleep.” NOTICE—All those calling on Kappas for the first part of the week must be content to sit on nail kegs. If you, too, have a “brainchild” it will at least be accepted, so send it in. Don’t forget the MARS passes for the best “Knock, Knock.” Famous last words from Infamous people: HUSH RUSH.
Fans To Stage Cheer Session At Jeff Gym (Continued from page 1)
I would even be glad to go as a private in the ranks for the glory of my country.—Benito Mussolini.
Exponent Platform
News, follow on the program with loyalty speeches. Elmer Layden, Notre Dame gridiron mentor, probably will be present to lend his support. Harry Leslie, former governor of Indiana, and Purdue ’05 graduate, also has been contacted and will try to attend. Joe Andrews, Tippecanoe County state representative, will make the final address of the evening, representing the community as a whole and pledging its support and loyal-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I g-otta get in fighting trim—^Mom says I hafta wear that suit to school!”
ty to Purdue gridmen. At the conclusion of his speech he will introduce Athletic Director Noble E. Kizer. Prof. P. S. Emrick’s 140 piece military band will furnish accompaniment for “Hail, Purdue” and other pep songs. The Jefferson high school band will also play, and A1 Stewart will lead his glee club of 60 voices in singing. The streets -will be lined with flags on Thursday and will be “dressed up” for the balance of the week, in anticipation of the Ohio game Saturday. The Jefferson gymnasium, scene of the meeting, will be decorated in University colors, old gold and black. Requests have been sent to Leo Fisher, sports editor of the Chicago American, and John L. Griffith, athletic commissioner of the intercollegiate, or “Big Ten” conference, ask-
A R € 15c Double Feature 15c
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY LARRY CRABBE “DESERT GOLD” and CLAUDE RAINS “MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD”
1. Establish student SELF-govemment. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Eliminate all campus politics.
John Sperb Hardware, Paint and Glt|M • 822-824 Main Street LAFAYET]^, INDIANA
FAMILY TODAY - WEDNESDAY [ DOUBLE feature!
PLUS ■
WENDY BARRIE JAMES STEWART UNA MERKEL TED H E A LY WELDON HEYBURN
SHE TOOK A RIDE AND RETURNED WITH .A HUSBAND!
ing that they come to the rally and lend their support. Poster Bailey, Indiana representative of the Associated Press, will attend if he can get here in time.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 p. m. INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 6:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Saturday, Sept. 26
ALLEK'S
Phone 2150 6th & Fetry
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY mveoisroTOWH^ mmtesTLOox^ m miNcnm
^^CANY COOPER AAADELEINE CMmou , nire ^ ,
WULMMFRAWLEY DUDLEY DIGGES AKIII TAMIDOFF . lAK/M TAMlROFFchc 6mRALYAN(5,,om 6BNBRAL mO^PIBPATDAWH^
so.
THE senshtion
<f9Sts( OP THE CENTURY! , rayf-iippipiim
r'f' .ait
WILLIAM POWiLL
mtu /r
MYRNA LOV • LUISC RAINEI^ omrs tMrl VkQinla Bruce, Frank Moroon, Fannie > mOmnII 4 Brice, Not PemUeton, Roy Bolder, Horrief ONE Nisi ^^^loclpr, Reoinoid.Owen, Emetl Cessart ‘ ALL THIS WEEK Prices TWa <l/A
LUNA
Prices This Attraction
Mstines
16c>2Sc-35c
Nizht
16c-35c-50c
Features at 1:45 6:06 8:80
\ 11 J' 1A i.
^ f
i
Tuegday, Septembeir 22,19S6
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tennis Toitt-ney Begins; Expect Kieen Competition Tennis tournaments vdll be started soon, according to an announcement from the intramutal office last night. Men wishing to enter the allcampus and class tournaments should get their names in and pay their 10 cent entry fee at the intramural office. The fee includes both tournaments. TJie winners of last year’s toimnaments have returned this year. There are four tournaments: the allcampus, freshman, sophomore and junior-senior.
German Universities Handicap Women “Why go to a university?” is the diffident attitude of German women now. Although the universities are co-educational in Germany, only as many girls are allowed to take examinations for a degree from a university as are necessary to fill openings in special professions for women. In other words a German girl is not privileged to graduate and look for a^job as an American woman may. Studying for the love of the art rather than to secure a diploma and job is the only incentive to a German woman student. Elementary and high schools place boys and girls m seperate schools according to the sex (with the exception of some commercial schools). Some colleges, which compare to our junior colleges, teach girls home economics. The domestic subject is not considered scientific enough to be taught in a university. The German home is thought to be the suitable place to learn homemaking. A startling difference is noticed in the comparison of the two nation’s schools with the American women holding a strong advantage.
“The modern girl,” says the Los Angeles Collegian, “adores spinning wheels, but she wants four of them and a spare.”
Brown University has eliminated mid-year examinations and semester grades in full-year courses.
GET YOUR COLLEGE RING
Bearine Official^ Certified $2.00 Vahte onfy
25
with the purchase of a botUe of 'RirLer Qu//f^ atlSc-Total 40c.. .YOU SAVE $1.75 This amazing offer is made etdely to introduce Parker Qu/nk—the miracle ink that cleans your pen as It writes, and dries ON PAPER 31% taster than pen-doggmg inks. Get Qaink today from any stixe selling ink. Tear oflf the box-top and on the back write tlm FULL NAME of your school or college, rmg SIZE, and style wanted (man’s or woman’s), and your name and address Mad box-top with 25' cents in cointoThe Parker Pen Co, Dept. ^7, Janesville, Wis Don’t delay llus offer ends Dec. 31.1936, if supply lasts.
We carry a complete line of Parker Pens, Pencils and Quink Ink SOUTHWORTffS
Come in and see the ^ Parker Yacumatic Pen at Our Pen and Pencil Counter DECKER’S Phone 6477 618-20 Main St.
We Sell All Parker Pens and Pencils and Quink Ink H. G. ‘Deac” Reisner STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 604 Main Street
Parker Pens and Pencils at H. B. Lodde’s Jewelry Store 419 Main St.
Squad Shows Fight, Pep Varsity Pushes Bhinies Around Field lu First Encounter Last night the “rhinies” went up against the varsity for the first time; the scrimmage resulted in a good work-out for both squads. The varsity showed the old Boilermaker spirit, giving notice on teams facing them this fall. Throughout the scrimmage, the freshmen put up a good fight and displayed some promising material, but they were no match for the varsity, who gained continually against the first year men. The practice last night was conducted without the direction of Coach Kizer as he had not returned from Evansville.
Expect Largest First Game Crowd In Years Saturday Purdue’s opening game with Ohio University in Ross-Ade stadium promises to draw one of the largest first game crowds in years. Reserved seat tickets for the game which will begin at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon, have been placed on sale over the counter at the Purdue ticket office, Pecker’s, and Deac’s. Boy Scouts will be streaming in by thousands to see the game as guests of the athletic department. General admission tickets for the game, priced at $1.00, including tax, will be placed on general sale this morning at the Purdue ticket office, Deac’s and Decker’s. The general admission tickets are for seats in the north curve in the stadium.
Foundation Will Start New Service H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, will open a new type of campus religious services this afternoon at 4:05 o’clock at the Wesley Foundation House on State St. These vesper services feature a series of talks on popular subjects by campus authorities. A new subject will be presented each month. This month’s -series is entitled “Religion and Drama”. Next week Prof. P. E. Lull, of the division of speech, will speak on the same subject. Rev. McFadden, student pastor, will talk on the “Teachings of Jesus” before the religious education classes of the Wesley Foundation at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening at the Foundation House.
E. N, Cox Heads ROTC Juniors (Continued from page 1)
Sadler, J. E. Brock, H. G, Stech, D. J. Goodman, C. R. Luke, W. Fusiek, P. B. Ewing, R. E. Scifres, A. J. Hener, A. A. Glade, W. E. Roby, H. W. Anderson, R. E. Johnson, W. A. Allee, R. B. Wiltshire. Cadet Sergeants E. W. Jewett, G. E. Simonton, W. F. Wilhelm, V. Farrow, R. A. Harte, D. A. Morrison, A. E. Minnick, L. C. Schaefer, E. W. Menk, C. R. Yngve, E. H. Martin, W. E. Perry, G. M. Martin, H. R. Ebbeler, O. B. Gibson, E. C. Thoma, H. Hauke, K. W. Sprankle, E. L. Kumpf, R. K. Nesbitt, J. W. Reichart, R. L. Matthews. D. H. Carson, W. J. Behrens, C. G. Roessler, H. N. Sherburne, E. C. Denny, R. B. Fitts, B. S. Markel, C. M. Barnes, M. H. Ingleman, A. F. Selke, C. O. Weisenbach, C. L. Moir, F. T. Rollins, M. T. Wakefield, B. Olsen, W. B. Sanders, E. K. Wright, J. R. VanDelester, W. J. Feallock, C. W. Croufch, E. A. Blair, R. J. Beck. A. J. Zeller, W. H. Shealor, W. B, Love, R. J. Wiley, J. H. Tearney, B. VanDoren, R. R. Jackson, H. F. Greenwood, R. W. Hockman, J. R. O’Connor, M. W. Jones, H. G. Juillard, G. V. Kellner, J. W. Daugherty, R. D. Long, M. L. Swinehart, P, F. Hennin, A. R. Lindgren, W. A. Lewke, H. J. O’Neill, J. F. McCauley, C. R. Brewer, R. J. Aull. E. P. Hurley, R. J. Craig, H. W. Meier, J. F. Azbell, S. C. Williams, F. W. Manifold, A. J. Parker, W. B. Reichers, C. E. Burton, E. R. Pape, J. P. Dillon, R. D. Linville, C. F. Jones, W. L. Molyneauz, J. M. Suairdi, J. F. Horan, F. H. Secord, G. B. Neidhardt, J. A. Miner, R. J. Reifers, F. A. Aken, C. H. Bliss, H. F. Antrim, R. S. Kelley, J. H. Banker, R. E. Kohn, E. L. Ritter, G. H. Altherr, C. Harper, J. C. Bergsma, C. M. Coe, N. B. Wright, D. T. Lowery.
Boilermakers To Play Ohio Bobcats In Opener Shifts Made In Lineup To Fill Positions Of DaHL
heck And McGannon
The Purdue football sqUad, weakened and shaken by the recent tragedi^ which claimed the lives of two outstanding players, will launch its season’s schedule against Ohio University
Saturday at Ross-Ade stadium.
The Bobcats are expected to attract one of the largest
tial game” crowds
I Tielder’s.... I I* ....choice! Bob Walpolo n—#
We learned another announcement yesterday concerning track ... Ed Bluemel and Bob Williamson were elected co-captains of the 1936-37 varsity cinder team after the last Exponent of last year . . . the choice was made when the team was on one of their post-season trips ... all of the lettermen were present. ... —fc—— Cecil Isbell is still wearing his arm chain to protect that bad arm that was injimed in the Northwestern game on the season opener last year . . . however, it isn’t slowing him up, and you are going to see plenty of action from him this year. —fc— We don’t want this to become a marriage announcement column, but we can’t help it if our past athletes get married ... to get down to the subject. Bob Kessler, Purdue’s high scoring All-American basketball forward of the past few seasons married Miss Nondus Harmeson, of Anderson, Indiana, on August 22 ... this news came directly from the Delta Chi House.... —fc— Bob Selby, varsity halfback, was on the sidelines yesterday nursing a bad shoulder ... it isn’t serious, though, and he will be back in action any day now ... —fc— The freshmen put up plenty of fight yesterday to the drives of the varsity eleven . . . Coach Burnham, frosh mentor, has some fine material this season that will help the varsity in shaping up . . . watch those Boilermakers in that Ohio U. ga,^e Saturday ...
FRATERNITY SOFTBALL Today, Practice Games 1— ^Acacia vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 2— ^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 3— Delta Chi vs. Sigma Pi. 4— Theta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 5— ^Kappa Delta Rho vs. Kappa Sigma. 6— ^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta 'Theta. 7— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. 8— ^Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 9— ^Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tad Epsilon Phi. 10— ^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 11— ^Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. 12— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 13— ^Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 14— ^Pi Kappa Phi vs. Pirathon. 15— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. 17— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu. 18— Tau Kappa ^psilon vs. Theta Tau.
WBAA Staff Position Auditions Given Today The large number of candidates for WBAA positions necessitated a second group of auditions which will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the studios on the third floor of the E. E. Building. All students, including freshmen, interested in announcing, dramatic and interpretive work, or operating are urged to attend.
Forestry Boys Give Own Program Tonight The Forestry club will meet at 7 o’clock tonight in the Horticulture Building with President Swinford presiding. The program will feature short talks by the following student participants: M. G. Johnston, C. E. Bryan, J. W. Hahiilton and Bryan Aljen.
ini
m years.
Don Peden’s charges can be expected to display a dangerous brand of football. The Bobcats are undefeated in three of the past seven years. They hold a 7 to 0 victory over Dlin-
ois last year.
In addition to his team of seasoned veterans, 6on Peden has an unusual group of sophomores for
replacements.
The Purdue starting lineup, which probabily will not be disclosed until before the kickoff Saturday, is gradually rounding into shape. Forrest Burmeister has been changed from his regular place at tackle to Carl Dahlbeck’s position at left guard. Andy Grant will probably start at the other guard position with Lee Graves and Nate Bush as reserves. In the backfield, Fred Stalcup, a converted quarterback, will endeavor to fill the hole at left half caused by the death of Tom McGannon. Ben Medley and Johnny Sines, converted end, are replacement possibilities. In addition to Stalcup, Wayne Gift, senior veteran at quarterback, will handle the signal calling and John Drake and Cecil Isbell will complete the backfield at full and halfback, respectively. Captain George Bell will continue at center. Clem Woltman and Martin Schreyer will be at tackles. Bill Vergane, the only sophomore who is apt to be in the starting lineup will take his place at right end. Don Powell, last year’s reserve, is skited for the left wing.
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York. „
89
67
.610
St. Lonia. .. «
84
64
.668
Chicam „ ..
65
Ji64
nttohaul^
82
67
CSncittndn. « „
71
77
Boston _
67
79
.469
Broddyn. „ _
63
84
.429
Philadelphia
69
97
.340
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York. „ _
98
49
.667
Detidt. „ _ _ ~
81
68
.544
Chicaco^...
78
68
.531
Washinarton.
78
79
.527
Clevdand.
76
72
.514
Boston. _
73
76
.490
St. Lonia „ „
65
99
.379
Philadelphia. _
61
96
.847
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
NATIONAL league St. Louis, S; Cliicucak 4. Brooklyn, 7; BoBton, 1. New York-Philndelpliia (poetpened, wet pronnds). AMERICAN league No comes scheduled.
TODAY’S GAMES
NATIONAL league Pittslmrch at Chieogo. Cincinnati at St. Louis. New York at Philadelphia (two cpmes). Brooklyn at Boston. AMERICAN LEAGUE Chicago at Cleveland. St. Louis at Detroit. Boston at Washington. Philadelphia at New York.
Badger Station To Broadcast Games University of Wisconsin football games will be broadcast this year by the university’s own station, WHA. The station, with studios on the camms, has been granted an increase f power to 600 watts. The broadcasting schedule is: Sept. 26, 1:46 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs. South Dakota State. Oct. 3. 1:46 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs.. Marquette. Oct. 10, 2 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs. Purdue. Oct. 17, 2 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs. Notre Dame. Oct. 24—Open date. Oct. 31,1,:46 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs. Chicago (Homecoming). Nov. 7, 2 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs, Uforthwestern. November 14,1:46 p. m.—Wisconsin vs. Cincinnati. Nov. 21,1:46 p. m.—^Wisconsin vs. Minnesota.
It is estimated that more than one-fourth of the population of the United States is being served with police radio.
George Washington paid 86 pounds, 10 shillings, or approxim ately $146, for his pew in Christ church in Alexandria, Va.
SUde Role Classes Begin Thnrsday Classes in the use of slide rules will be held starting Thnrsday hy Prof. F. D. Martin, of the University chemistry department, and Prof. J. N. Arnold, of the practical mechanics department. Lessons will he open to anyone who owns or can borrow a rule. Classes will be held in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The complete schedule is: Sept. 24 or Sept. 30—Simple multiplcation and division. Oct. 1 or Oct. 7— Combined multiplication and division. Oct. 8—Squares, cubes, square roots, cube roots. Oct. 15—Short cuts, use of folded scales and inverted scales. Oct. 22—^Trigonometric scales and logarithms. Oct. 29— Raising numbers to fractional powers.
Sun Power Machine Exhibited AtWashington An engine run by sun power was recently exhibited at the Smithsonian Institute in Washington, D. C., and described as likely to enter the commercial field in a few years. Dr. C. G. Abbott, the institute’s secretary, who designed the machine, said these machines might some day replace the earth’s diminishing oil and coal supply. He also estimated that such “sim-motors” erected on a large scale could produce 40,000 horsepower a day from the sun shining on one square mile of desert. “Accordiilg to my calculations these machines can compete with steam engines burning coal at $3 a ton,” he said.
JLi X Mjlii f Ju^xxJIjaC Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
SPAHRENDAHL Merchant TaUor 507 Main St.
R. J. BATH Watch Makei* 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Basiness DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
KEYS Keys tor tranks, door locks, desk locks, nicki Isicbes and pnriffocks. Anto keys and handle locks a 8pe> cialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt ^ Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
lOMi.
Mhhy Profftem Cmmieatfoa (CmtiniKdl item pege ]>
iwxife poems about eonrpared to the little bnzz-htiza in which 1 ftrsi crcHssed the AUantie in 1928.” Arndhi’s HttAaiidl PreeediiigMiss Earharl’s talk, her husband, George Palmer Patoam, was given an OYation by the au^ ence when he was ashed to rise and take a bow. ^ “I can assure yon that the heys who are left jEor^be 1936 seasmi will carry on in such a way that yon will be proud of the ’36 football squad before they finish the season,” asserted Noble Kizer, head football coach and diraetor of atidetics at the University. George Ade, ’87, author, “pohiie friend No. 2 of Purdue,” gave a wdcoming talk to Uie freshmen. The military band, led by Professor Emrick, played the “U. S.'Pield Artillery.” The Mimro Trophy, awarded annually to the fraternity team having the highest combined scholastie index, was presented by President Elliott to a member of Delta Tau Delta fraternity, whose winning combination achieved a 5.61 index. Edward Nell sang “Hail Purdue,” with the audience joining in on the chorus, to bring the convocation to a close.
The Risk Dental Qinic DM PAUl. A. XBK DB. HABOLD J. B»K DB. BOBBBT 6. BISK DB. LUTBBB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Plume 5701
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phime 4965
Scobee's REMBRANDT SfUPIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 60SO
The thinklmr fdlew caUs A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Block Cars far Special Oecasisaa 2Se per passenser any part Wt tiie Uty 5923 raONES 3971 YELLOW CAB CO.
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginner’s Wed., Sept. 23,7:30 p. m. Advanced Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m. Finest Bailraom in InCiaaa. ie> madded and newly deeerated.
ALLEH'S
Phone 2tW etKftFMiy
SENIORS . Corduroy Panb $3.50 $4.50 Derby Hab OVER 400 OF THEM 5(k
GET THEM EARLY
DEWEKTER’S- V’-'-v
Fle^e4a8 (CtmtiAaedl from page 1)
sdhelman, Evansville; J. H. Musson, Criencoe, HI.; J. E. Dougherty, Chitago, ni.; C. B. Mete, Jr., Louisville, Ky.; R. A. Wargo, Eureka, Dl.; J.
J.
C. Henderson, Los Angeles, Cal.;
A. Caulfield, Jr., Oak Park, 111.; F. D. Pishel, Wheeling, W. Va.; L. C.
Farquhar, E. St. Louis, HI.
Pi Kappa Alpha
A. B. Cotter, Linton; J. K. Covington, MayfiOld, Ky.; R. W. Freeland, Meredosia, HI.; A. C. Harra, Patetrson, N. J.; L. Locker, Christney; R. B. Lord, Plainfield, N. J.; W. T. Luce, Westfield, N. J.; C. A. Orahood, Kingman; C. G. Purvis, Glennville, Ga.; C. C. Schmuck, Jasper; R. S. Schmitt, Chicago, 111.; H
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Few prs. new army leggings reasonable. Desk, good one, $12. Desk chairs, ea. $2.00. Book racks, 75c. Small desk, $3.00. Back no. magazines, books, at Moortfs Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 5th.
Lost—Pair of glasses in front of Pi Kappa Phi house. Please return there. Linville.
For Rent—^Room for one or two non-smoking students. Private entrance, 244 Pierce St.
For Sale—Mantle radio—5 tube— good condition. Phone 7954.
Wanted — Competent pianist, drummer, sax player, bass player, and trumpeter for dance orchestra. Phone 61083 after 6 p. m. ,
-l.Good meals at Mrs. Lewis’, 102 Andrew Place. Phone 2461.
NOTICES
Me notiCM acmpiMt aftor • nk
Cross-Country Track—^All cross-country track men meet at the Memorial Gym Sept. 22 at 4 p. m. to receive equipment. —MARKEL.
_ Fraternity Presidents—^Meeting of Council in the peasant room of Union at 7:30 p. m. Sept. 24. —KETTLE.
Skull and Crescent—All members meet at the Phi Gamma Delta house at 8 p. m. Sept. 22 to get car stickers. —FENSTERM AKER.'
Engineer—All staffs and all interested in writing for the Purdue Engineer report to the Engineer office in the Union at 4 p. m. Sept. '22. —JONES.
Glider Club—Short business meeting Sept. 22 at 7:15 p. m. in room 2of Union. —O’NEAL.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting Sept. 23 at 7 :15 p. m. in the peasant room of Union. —HARDIN.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Meeting Sept. 23 at 7:80 p. m. in the peasant room. All mem—KUECK.
bera must be presmit. Alpha Laml^ Delta—Meeting Sept. 23 at 7:30 p. m. in room 1 of Union. —PITTMAN,
Reamer Club—Meeting Sept. 22 at 7 p. m. All members are required to be present. —BUXTON,
Speech Clinic—Will the following persons report to room 308, University Hall, as soon as possible: C. W. Batey, William Chomyak, John Downey, F. B. Finnegan, E. E. Gallup, Helen Koons, M. G. Marquis, V. J. McLean, H. E. Mennen, J. A. Patterson, J. W. Petry, Maurice D. Prage, Robert Shaw, Ray A. Tbriello, Mary Townsend, R. E. Vanderbilt. —STEER.
Women's Pan-Hellenic Council—Meeting at Union Sept 22, at 7:30 p. m. Will the House Treasurer please attend. Everyone is to bring schedule cards. Inquire at the Union desk for the room. —SCHAAF.
Cheer Leaders—All students interested in cheer-leading meet on the Memorial Gym steps at 4 p. m. Sept. 22. —BURNELL.
Orchesis—Important meeting at 4 p. m. Sept. 22. —McKEE.
P. E. W. Bowling Classes—The Tuesday and Thursday bowling classes at 9 and 11 o’clock will report at the bowling alleys in the Unidh this morning. Bring $2 fee. 'There is room for four more women in the 9 o’clock class on Tuesday and lliiizBdBIK, --itAJSELION.
Vesper Services—^First meeting Sept. 22 at 4:06 p. m, at Wesley Foundation House. H. Kenn Carmichael will speak on "Religion Md Drama." —VcEAGHBON.
Playahop Board—^Meeting Sent. 22 in the Piaysbop office. Important. —BUBLITZ.
Disenseion Group—Meeting Sept. 23 i 7:80 p. m. in room 2 of Union. —KUEHN.
Kappa Delta Pi—Meeting Sept, 22 at 7 p. jm,. in room 105, Education Building. ^ ^ —CBANOELIiOR.
, W> 8. O# du—Important judicial board taeirtinx Sept, 22 at 7:16 p, m. in^ice. —FBLDT.
Debris SalesMein—AU salesmen: will meet at the Debris office Sept 22, at 5 p. m,. Bring
Ulltov InK^Np WpS
-VANKATTiL
W. A. A. Hockey—All co-eds wishing to m^icipate in the demonstration games on ^ 24 at 4 p. m. Sion up^^^e^women’s
gromen's lounga. important. —ADlfflNS,
B. Stone, Syracuse; D. V. Stout, Ft. Wayne; R. J. Sutherlin, Coateville; J. C. IKwkins, Evansville; D. White, Evans^lle. Sigma Phi Epsilon T. Collis, McGill, Nev.; W. R. Scott, Ft. Benning, Ga.; L. F. McNeill, Racine, Wis.; C. S. Swanson, Chicago, 111.; F. C. Lewis, Louisville, Ky.; J. W. Markham, Louisville, Ky.; J. S. Watson, Balboa Heights, Canal Zone; T. I. Reese, Peoria, HI.; D. L. Morris, Paris, 111.; W. E. Smith, Cleveland, 0.; R. C. McNeil, Gary; E. M. Antonini, Mitchel; J. H. Thompson, East Chicago, HI.; C. W. Gardner, Peoria, 111.; J. J. Werst, Evansville; C. F. Milvo, Carthage, N. V.
Acacia , J. L. Wood, Shoals; R. H. Weayer, Elkhart; R. L. Morris, Salem ;< W. Dickinson, Delphi; J. A. Beemer, Logansport; P. W. Homrighous, Oak Park, 111.; J. P. Taylor, Upper Montclair, N. J.; B. E. Petry; Terre Haute.
Triangle H. D. Kinzer, Montreal, Que.; R. C. Meleney, Winnetka, HI.; J. H. Jacobi, Dayton, 0.; A. G. Eikmeyer, Port Wa3me; J. W. McClain, Plainfield; E. K. Lown, Batavia, N. Y.; R. C. Zimmer, Dayton, O.; J. E. Hammer, Columbia City; R. B. Langohr, Columbia City; W. C. Prechter, Green Bay, Wis.; B. D. Witwer, Dayton, O.; R. H. Patout, Indianapolis; H. N. Behrends, Park Ridge, 111.; P. T. Frangos, Chicago, 111. Alpha Gamma Rho B. L. Page, Eaton; J. D. Hardin, Bridgeport; G. A. Blocksom, Terre Haute; J. R. Williamson, Montmorenci; E. S. Bogue, Rushville; J. W. Swain, Rushville; W. 6. Cantley, Lakewood, O.; J. W. Harper, Crown Point; L. W. Lafuze, Richmond; J. Ainsworth, Lowell; H. J. Zink, Monticello; C. G, Elliott, Anderson; H. R. Knaus, Washington, D. C.; L. R.
Ralston, Vevay. Kappa D8lta Rhn H. La Force, Valparaiso; M. Carlson, Valparaiso; T. N. Ryan, Bristol, Cottn.; R. McMaken, Chicago, 111 H.,Bukowski, Chicago, HI.; G. Peck, Geneva, 111.; D. W. Sweetnam, Man istee, Mich. Phi Pi Phi J. Dickstein, Chicago, 111.; J. B. Moorman, Indianapolis;. E. Widell, Chicago, HI.; W. Dilby, Port Clinton, O.; G. Posson, Chicago, 111.; R. Heim, Lyons; Von Roy Daugherty, Indianapolis. ' Phi Sigma Kappa F. Kelsey, Roanoke; L. Hauprick, Gary; J. Carlherg, Gary; C. Hamilton, Dayton, O.; G. Poster, Sharpesville; J. Blackburn, Peru; B. Weber, Bellville, 111.; G. Sherman, Howe; W. Coates, Winchester; D. Hansel, W. Lafayette; J. Whittsil, Prince-
ton.
Tau Kappa Epsilon S. Cox, Mishawaka; N. Dulivich, Mishawaka; BL L. Markey, East Chicago, 111.; E. Swank, W. Lafayette; M. T. Cory, East Chicago, 111.; W. Holmes, Oak Park, 111.; W. T. Antheil, Trenton, N. J.; G. Herroro, Costa Rica, C. A.; C. Michaels, Holton; W. C. Townsend, Lafayette; E. C. Klink, Lafayette; W. Neal, Ver-
sailles.
Phi Gamma Delta
W. D. Adams, Toronto, Can.; J. 0. Baker, McKeesport, Pa.; P. H. Beatty, Hammond; D. L. Brubeck, Jeffersonville; R. L. Colby, Jr., Indianapolis; R. 1. Coppes, Nappanee; E. A. Hill, Jr., Lafayette; R. C. Kariy, Dayton, O.; J. A. Mason, Toledo, O.; J. Mills, W. Lafayette; L. E. Morrison, Indianapolis; C. A. Rauth, Jeffersonville; H. W. Rhodehamel, Jr., Indianapolis; W. Sanders, Lafayette; E. W. Schilling, Lafayette; R. W. Viehe, Evansville.
Tau Epsilon Phi
H. E. Plotkin, South Bend; B. Firestone, Brooklyn, N. Y.; T]\,B.
1
Brinken; Garden Oif^i Nif P Opp^nheimer^ Jt*, titdlUhal^oli^; J. Rubin, South Behdi Paradise, Chicago, 111.; J. J. Wolfe, Chicago, 111.; S. S. BaChaifach, New Ymrk, N. Y.; A. Morrie, Hammond; 1. E. Lindermah, ^outh Bend} S: H. Scully, Chicago, IlL; M. M. KarnoTt^ky,
Rensselaer,
Kappa Sigma B. Eckstein, Logansport; J. Hill, Chicago, 111.; J. Nesbitt, Cleveland, 0.; J. Huff, Indianapolis; N. Bush, Columbus; E. Molzahn, Chicago, 111.; D. North, Port Wayne; R. Birge, North Platte, Neb.; B. Seaton, Peoria, 111.; G. Allen, South Bend; L. Dewitte, Mishawaka; B. Zeig, Fort Wayne; J. Brown, Indianapolis; D. Seale, Port Thomas, Ky.; A. Bales, Aurora,' 111.; P.'Cooper, River Forest, 111.; L. Pidgeon, Spiceland; yv. Meyer, Toledo, 0.; W. Study, Muncie; M. Babcock, Muncie; G. Clarke, Indianapolis. , Sigma Alpha Mu D. Blitz, Toledo, O.; I. Dagan, Springfield, O.; M. Davidoff, Boston, Mass.; H. Puente, Haverill, Mass.; R. Glasser, ^phicago, HI.; H. Goldstein, White''\Mains, N. Y.; H. Krashen, Kin^taafiT^-JP. Miller; Brookline, Mass.; D. Nassau;-^ast Chicago; P. Riffin, Boston, Mass A J Sapirie, Indianapolis; P. Schibw Dayton, 0.; M. Stoner, New Lorn don. Conn.; A. Traub, New Yorlq
City, N. Y. Af a T'si 11
K. E. Gardner, Whiting; H. V.j Price, Waiting; Bob Scott, Ander-^ son; Nick Barsha, Anderson; Pete Mulholland, Anderson. Delta Sigma Lambda K. Dinkins, Indianapolis; C. Green, Indianapolis; J. Heeter, Geneva; N. Hill, Trenton^ N. J.; B. Hiday, Portville; P. Humphreys Terre Haute; R. Klauss, Roches N. Y.; R. Morris, Portland;/B. Qualls, South Bend; D. Richwine, Noblesville; H. Rinn, Coving^n; R.
$hobk, < S^hth Rend}, AS;, NoblesVille; d; Williams, Ihditkhap
0lis.
BetaThf^iRPih Wi H. Bjlurray, Indianapolis; A. Mhrningstar, Massilon, O.j R. A. Lynch, Ottawa, 111.; W. ^AJ Smith, Jr., Jampstown, N. y.; A. R. Shakleton, Joliet, HI.; W. Strong, GhaTleston, W. Va.; W* T. Sullivan, Vevay; D. E. Lewis, Maplewood, J.; 'C, C. Boyd, Indianapolis; B. T. Loveridge, Ottawa, 111.; W. B. Penstermaker, Indianapolis; F. M. Puryear, Greenville; P. E. Greenlee, Jr., Shelbyville; T. C. Crawlus, Martinsville; J. C. Suppf, Cincinhati, 0.; R. M. Ohaver, Lafayette; John Graham, Lafayette. ^ Sigma Chi W. A. Baker, Evansville; E. Martin, Anderson; J. R. Jervis', Rockford, III.; A. D. Land, Jr., Garaeftsville, O.; J. Krause, Hammond; C. J. Worden, Jr., Fort Wayne; R. L. Slaughter, Indianapolis; E. M. Baker, Sheridan; A. M. Scott; Oak Park, 111.; B. J. Lorenz, Hammond; W. A. Hart, Battle Creek, Mich.; H. A. Markle, Bluefield, Wi Va.; R. A. Fink, Auburn; J. M. Martin, W. T. Mytinger and M. S. Estey, all of West Lafayette; Robert Vyverberg and John Greist, of Lafayette; G. W. Brewer, Chicago, 111.; J. Heitert, Webster Grove; J. A. Faas, Green Bay, Wis. ' Beta Sigma Psi E. Hartman, Kokomo; G. Buhner, Seymour; N. Mankey, Hobart; R. Bergstedt, Garrett. 'Delia Upsilon George, Dayton, O.; W. George, May^od, 111.; F. Schleicher, Bellville, N. J.,‘ S, Schleicher, East OrangeJn. J.; A. Fanning, Middle-tosav-O.; P. Freeman^ South Bend; J. Crawford, Indianapolis; R. Keen, Indianapolis; P. Patterson, Youngstown, O.; P. Phend, Milford; R. Maurer, Cleveland, O.; H. Gingher, Port Wayne; P. Morgan, Plainsville.
SigUkR AlphA ^i^ibn ,, A. Ri Akbs, LaGmnge; Ri. A. An* derson, Logi|fibp0:i;!tt R. Ci Andetsoh, Logah8p6!rt; R. ,H. Ashvoucher, DecatuT,; A. 0: Bodeaii, Chicago, Hi.; M. peal, Dayton, 0.; W. M. DeWitt, Sotnerville, N. rf.; M. E. Disney, Ft. Thomas, Ky.; C. Fuller, Indianapolis; j. Findley, W. Lafayette; J. A. Gann, Midland, Mich.; p. S. Hartman, Cinoihnati, 0.; F. P. .Hartman, Cincinnati, O.; H. H. Jerfers, LaGrange; P. E. pxley, Troy, 0.; J. R. Phister, Ft. Thomas, Ky.; J. C. Pope, Burmingham, Ala,; C, A. Raderstorf, Akron, 0.; JJ C. Smalley, Lafayette'*; 0. B. Snyder, Owensboro, Ky. ^
Sigma Pi' W. Sawson, New Porte, R. I.; J. Ashm*, New Augusta; R. Dachterman, Pori Wayne; J. Parries, Port Wayne; P. Higdon, Corydon; J. K. Lord, New Albany; G. W. Etnyre, Oregon, 111.; B. Serwick, Schenectady, N. Y.; M. Bitandt, Indianapolis; Green, Brooklsm, N. Y.; B. Fall, Cincinnati, O.; H. Whitman, Rising' Sun; A. Noblut, Indianapolis. Delta Tan Delta H. R. Ritchie, Jr., Lebanon; R. P. Brant, Indianapolis; J. C. Swander, St. Louis, Mo.; L. G. Drabing, French Lick; H. E. Hadd, Indianapolis; H. ,V. Raschke, LaGrange, 111.; R. R. Batton, Marion; P. Emerson, Jr., AmOs, la.; J. R. Drever, Glencoe, 111.; J. Patterson, LaGrange, 111.; G. Oberholtsfer, Indianapolis; J. Miller, Lebanon; W. Shipley, Lafayette. ^ Phi Delta Theta A. Perrin, Elmhurst, 111.; R. MacConnel, Shaker Heights, O.; P. Tulley, Franklin; S.- Jones, Webster Grove, Mo.; G. Trepts,, Webster Grove, Mo.; G. Trefts, Webster Park, 111.; D. Butterfield, Chattanooga, Tenn.; F. Masrfield, Akron, 0.; k Parwell, Chicago, IlL; P. Strivers, Tulsa, Okla. (Concluded tomorrow)
Like the Persian melon, the Turkish tobaccos used in Chesterfield are watched day and night. There is just one right time to take off the leaves...that’s when they have ripened to their fullest flavor. Often the tender ripe leaves are gathered just before the dawn...to preserve the full **8pice” and aroma for Chesterfield.
Chesterfields are made by lA^ett & Myers Tobacco Co, • • . and you can depend on a Idggett & Myers product
From our own Southland we take mid, ripe tobaccos fhqck-full of Southern sunshine} then we go 4000 miles to the fertile shores of the Mediterranean for the fine flavor and aroma of Turkish tobaccos. These tobaccos ffve Chesterfields their milder better taste.
C W6, UoamUMxmTpuoooCo,
'4,
r