VUSillMTOII MERRY- QO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Lewis Set For Break With CIO; Henderson Ousts Visitors Bodily WASHINGTON, March 16. — It looks as if John L. Lewis is setliiift' ready to do another bolt act. Significant undercover signs indicate that the miner czar is preparing the stage for a walk out of the ^CIO, which he took the leadingrole in founding- six years ago. The United Mine Worker.s, which Lewi.s rules with an iron fist, has not paid its CIO per capita fax for several months, and he has been summoning UMW leaders before him and “ultimaturning” them with a blunt demand that they declare themselves for him or Phil Murray, president of the CTO and vice president of the UMW. , Also last Thursday, in Lewis’ oflice, there was a meeting of UMW executive board members that was steeped in mystery. The inside story is that Lewis first sent out notices for a secret hoard meeting with the irrtenlion of having it vote approval (1) of the UMW quitting- the CIO, and (2) declaring vacant Muriay’s ofiice as UMW vice president aiuhthe West Virginia District presidency held by Van Bittner, a veteian UMW chief and close friend of Murray. But word of the proposed meetingleaked to newsmen who began asking- Ivcwis que.stions about it. Thei-e-upon, aecoi-ding to insideis, he hastily dropped his otiginal plan for a head-on showdown and i-esoiled to strategy. At hi.s liehest the lioard voted that a special committee of five be sent to West Virginia to inve.stigate alleged operator violations of the UMW contract and “ceitain other matters.” Insiders .say the investigation is a smoke scicon to mask the real purpose of the committee which IS to axe Bittner and to torpedo a big Stati' miner lallj^that Mini-ay is scheduled to addiess. • Me Or Else CIO insideis tell a sensational stoiy of Lewis’ tactics in ptessuting UMW leaders into line. It is 1 elated that he summoned Tom Kennedy, little, mild-mannered veteran UMW secretary-treasui er, and bluntly demanded, “Tom, you’ve got to choose heUveen Phil Murray and me.” Stunned foi a moment, Kennedy fiiyrlly tegained his bieath and piotested. “That isn’t fair, John,” he said. (.See MKRRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
F. L MeVey To Present Three Talks Next Week Ex-President Of Kentucky University To Begin Lecture Series On Monday Frank L. MeVey, President of the University of Kentucky, will be on the campus from March 23 to 25 to present, a series of three lectures to student and faculty organizations. The fir^t of this scries will be given before the Agricultural staff at their regular monthly luncheon Monday noon, March 23. The subject of his speech will be “The Declaration of In- — dependence and the American Way.” This meeting will be open to all members of the fac-
ulty.
The following evening, March 24, he will address the Social Science Seminar at 7:30 ^ p.m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. MeVey will speak on “The Expansion of the Frontier and the Rise of Democracy.” MeVey will climax this aeiies of lectures when he addresses a special University Defense Convocation" in the Music Hall at 7:30 p.m., March 25. lie will speak on “The American Way Strikes a Dilemma.” For several years he taught at
At 7:30 In Union Interfraternity discussion tournament finals will be held tonight at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The topic will be a summary of all the previously discussed phases of the topic, “How Can We Best Implement the Good
Neighbor Policy?”
Latest report of eliminations alma mater, the Univeisity of states that there are only five fra- Minnesota, while conducting a tax teinitics and two sororities remain- survey which led to revision of the ing in the contest. Sigma Alpha Mu tax laws of the State of Minnesota, and Pi Kappa Alpha are in the lead goon aftei wards he accepted the with 105 points each. The Delta position of president of the Univei'Gammas have 100 points and the ^ity of North Dakota, where he reAlpha Xi Deltas and Alpha Gamma uudned foi- .several years. MeVey Rhos each have 80 points. Sigma lot't this post in 1913 to become Alpha Epsilon have 65 polpife and president of the Univeisity of KenTau Kappa Epsilon^Jip*ri55 poi|its. tucky, wheie ho lemained until reThe contestants for the different tiring in 1940. organizafens are as follows: Wal- MeVey is also a personal friend lace Cook, Alpha Gamma Rho; of President Elliott with whom he Richgrd Sidwell, Pi Kappa Alpha; has collaborated in past years on Bill Ogden, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; several education piojects in the John Nestle, and George Bi ick, Sig- field of history and economics, ma Alpha Mu; Leonaid Wood, Tau Since retiring from the presidenKappa Ejisilon; Rose Malcolm, cy of the University of Kentuc.ky, Alpha Xi Delta; and Betty West, MeVey has devoted his time to lecDelta Gamma. turing and conducting further reDeac Reisuer and Southwoi th’s in economics,
will award trophies to the winning frateinity and to the winning sorority. In addition, the pei.son who wins first place will be awarded a gold key and the secotul place winner will leeeive a silver key. Each of the other contestants will receive bronze keys. Awards will be made
!elease
Just released by the Alumni of-
al the annual Stage-Stump-Si udio Ace, the February issue of the Pur-
Banquet in April.
due Alumnus is now being distrib-
The final discussion will be ojien uted to Alumni thi-oughout the to all who cate to attend. eounti-y. The monthly publication feature.'- a story about Capt. Henry Lt. Colonel White ^I^blnnix, ’is, who was recently made commodore of the Navy’s At- . . . of the Militai-y Deitai-tmenl lantie Patrol wing, wdl s|)eak to the advanced couise Mlijoi- R. Bruc(‘ Davenport, ME militai-y students today at 4:00 p. ’28, and dii-ector of training at the m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Army (lying school at Euitl, Okla-Engineei-ing Building. The main homa, is featuied on the cover. Majtait of his talk will deal with the joi- Davenpot-t was an activity leadPacific situation. This meeting will er while on the campus.
be sponsoied by POMM.
Exponent Staff Key.s have arrived' and may he oblained from Don Powers in the Exponenl ollice. P o w e r s has urged that stall' members get their keys as soon as possible.
Adelaide Kerr, Associated Pi ess feature writer, has written a story about Dr. Lillian Gilbi-eth which has been printed in the Alumnus. Other stories include one reviewing a new hook on “The Trustees and Officers of Purdue University,” by T. R. Johnston, and one on the present need for physicists, written by W. G. Hoskins, of the Exponenl staff.
Athlete Of Year' Contest Continues
By Ted ( lark Balloting foi the “Athlete of the Yeai” awaid, which was announced lecenlly by the Exponenl senior board, shows I hat h’l-osty Siirowl is in the lead with 21) votes. Frosty was named the most valuable member of the baskelball team both (his year and last and also playi'd end on the foolhall (earn. iSprowl was followi'd in (he vote easting hy Polk, 19; Blanken, 18; h'redei icks,. 1 lolderman and Kush with 15; Melton, 13; Petty, 12; Miller, 10; Tierney, 7; Warren and Menke, 6 and Kratzei 3. Sedeetion Board According to the Exponenl iilau for making the awaid to the “A(hlele of (he Yeai” and the runnel up each spring al the “P” Men’s Baii(|uet during Gala Week, student nominations will be llu' basis lor fitial determination. However, a representative boaid consisting oi the Exponent senior board; iiresident of the Renale; president of the Union; Debiis Editoi; AcliviticvS Bureau ex(‘(-uLivc; presidents of th(‘ Gimlid, Gold Peiiper and Keaniei (Uubs; Red Mackey, athlelic director; Dr. J. A. Eatey, chairman of
llu' faculty committee on athletics; Boh Woodwoilh, athletic puhlicity direclor; the president <d' the Purdue Athietic Gouncil; piesident of Skull and Ciescent and three memheis of the coaching staff to hinamed hy the athletic directoi will make (he (Inal selection. ^ The announcement of the winners will be made duiing the week of Match 22 and the chosen ))aii- will leceive suilably migraved aw.nils and a plaque will he placed in the Great Hall of the Purdue Memoiial Union building upon which will be inscrilied the names of (he winneis each year. Ciircful Cousidcralion All iianu's pri'sented will be given (iueful and jus( considei ation and the numher of nominations foi each jierson will gi cully di‘termine (he outcome upon at the disci-elmn of the board. Restiictions as to the .s|)ort or class standing in the University will have no hearing upon the decision. In donating this award the Exponent hojies to honor (he two Boilermakc'r athletos who are most noticeably prolicent in the field ath-
letics and who most honoiably display comjietitive spiiit and sportsmanship. Balloliiig Deadline Soon In order to vote for an athlete lie may clip the attached ballot J'lom the Exponent and fill in the /name of one selection. The ballots should he addressed to Exponent Sports Editor, Phil Johnson. They may also be left in Johnson’s box in (he Exponeid office or at the Union West Desk. A slip of paper will also '■uffice to make nomination for (he award. ]-lalloting will (-lose on ,Salurday, IVfarch 21.
Ballot
I'^or hi.s oulsianding peifornianco in (he field of sports; I'kir his showing of Ihe finesi .sporlsinanship; I'kir his best ellorl on behalf of his University; i For his popularity amongst teammates and foes alike; I nominate as my choice for Ihe lille of “Oulsianding Athlete of the'Year.”
Convocation Who: Tommy Dorsey and his band. Where: Music Hall. When: March 28, 7:30 to 9 p. m. Admission to this Student War Council sponsored convocation may be obtained by presentation of passports or season tickets, and by showing fifty cents worth of defense stamps. No single admission tickets will be on sale for this program. Dorsey and his band will also appear at a Union Mixer the same evening from 9:.30 until 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. Admission to the dance ^vill be the regular mixer price of $1.10 per couple, but each couple will be required to produce fifty cents worth of defense stamps. Indianapolis Symphony Plays At Convocation Under the direction of Dr. Fabien Sevitzky, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra presented the fifth regularly scheduled University convocation in the Music Hall last night. In the aftei noon, the orchestra played a special program for the school children of Lafayette and neighboi ing communities. The first half of the program was devoted to two compositions by Fritz Kreisler and Peter Ilyich Tsehaikowsky. Kreisler’s “Praeludium and Allegro” wa.s originally written for violin and piano. But Dr. Sevitzky, feeling that the scope of the composition was limited, arranged it for an orchestra last summer. “Patheticiue,” Tschaikowsky’s sixth symphony, was the Russian composer’s Hast composition before his death. After the intermission, the orchestra played “Essay”; by Samuel Baiber, an American composer from West Chester, Pa! Barber’s “Essay” was played for the first time in 1937, by the NBC orchestra under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. The last scheduled number of the ovenmg was the “Polka and ]'’ug-uo” from Jaromir Weinberger’.s ojiera, “Schwanda, der DudeLsackpfeifer.” The audience applauded for five full minutes before Dr. Sevitzky consented to play the first of his three encores. For, as he explained, it is “impractical” for a symphony orchestra to play encores . The first of the Symphony’s encorse was the “Prelude to the Third Act” from Wagner’s “Lohengrin.” “Pautomiue” by Gietry was the second additional composition lendered by the orchestra. And for the final encore. Dr. Sevitzky directed a jiiece seldom heard- on a concert stage, John Phillip Sousa’s “Stars and Sti ipes Forever.” EE Juniors To Meet For Personnel Card Instructions Today All electrical engineering juniors are expected to meet in loom 254 of the EE Building- at 4 p.m. today, and receive preliminaiy instructions fqr filling out personnel cards. These cards constitute a part of the University’s permanent record and must he filled out in room 116 sometime Thursday or Fiiday, March 19 and 20, respectively. Any junior EE who cannot be liresent-at the Tuesday meetingshould consult Processor D. T. Canfield immediately. University Graduate
0 Dick Lieber To Speak Foresters' Banquet
Honorary Will Present Annual Awards To Senior, Freshman Col. Richard Lieber, chairman of the national conference on state parks, will speak at the thirteenth annual Foresters* Banquet. The banquet, sponsored by the Forestry Club and Sigma Pi, will be held in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Wednesday at 6 p.m. Lieber was formerly Indiana’s first
Commissioner of Conservation.
The program for the evening will also include a skit pro-
Professor R. Clark Speaks About'Food Problems In War' Prof. Ruby Clark, instructor of institution management, spoke to the Virginia C. Meredith Club members on “Pood Problems in War,”
yesterday afternoon at 4 in the sented by the junior class. The annual senior award will be
presented to the outstanding senior of the year. The award is a hand compass presented by the K «& E instrument company and is inscribed with the name of the senior. The Freshman Summer camp award will also be piesented to the outstanding member of the freshman summer camp class. This award consists of an axe engraved with the receiv-
er’s name.
Conference At 2 In the afternoon preceding tHe banquet a special forestry conference is to be held at 2 p.m. in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building. This is the first time that such a conference has been held on campus. Many professional men. from throughout the state are expected to attend, according to Larty Schneider, president of the Forestry
club.
The afternoon program will in-
clude talks on various phases of forestry by members of the sepier
The speakers will be Carl
home econ(ynics auditorium. Saying that we are not yet aware
of the serious food problems that lie ahead, she emphasized that many foodstuffs will be on the ration lists, including meats, dairy
products, yoffee, tea and cocoa. There are over thirty sizes of tin
cans now in use, but this number will soon be reduced to three, of which No. 10, the 12 cup can, will be the most used. She said that the
types of food that may be canned
will also be limited. Pork and beans and dog meat are among the foodstuffs that will reach the consumer
sans cans.
Prof. Clark wa.s introduced by Roberta Buechele, chairman of the program, who explained that this meeting, sponsored by the institution and dietetics groups, was the second in a series of meetings spon-
sored by the different options of-
the Home Economics School. Following the talk, Rosemary Anderson presented a piano selection and wartime lefreshments
were served.
Jane Blank, president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, announced that the club’s annual dinner will be held on March 31. WOWO To Feature E. C. Elliott, Faculty On Annual Program President E. C. Elliott will be the piincipal speaker at the annual achievement day pi ogram of WOWO radio station at Ft. Wayne next Thursday, Mai eh 19. Others from the University who will be theic and take part in the program aio Dean H. J. Reed, L. E. Hoffman, associate directoi- of extension, T. R. Johnston, diroctor of Inl'ormalioii, Glenn W. Sample, assistant oxlcnsion editor and ^-ounty agricultural agents of 12 counties in the noiLhoaster part of the state. The program, which lias been held annually for several year.s to honor winnei's in agricultural extension projects, is designed to stimulate interest in better agriculture.
Workers Will Petition For Activities Bureau Jobs This Thursday University Activities Bureau will hold elections for junior and senior oflicers Thursday, March 26, according to an announcement by Jim
Walley, senior executive.
Petitions, which are due Thursday, must include the following: cumulative scholastic index as of Jan. 15, 1942; Diaft status (for men); Policies which the petitioiier would like to see put into effect by the Bureau; Ideas for additional means by which the Bureau can help in the war effort; and Information as to whether the petitioner
will bo in school this summer.
There are six junior and two seni^- positions to be filled, According class.
to the constitution of the oiganization, any student, whether or not he has worked on the Bureau previously, may petition and receive con.sideration for election. Bureau workers and other interested students can get further information about the elections from Jim Walley at the Bureau office on the third
floor of the Union.
E(
The Concert Choir will present a special program at Monticello this evening under the auspices of the Parent-Teachers’ Association there. The choir has filled several out-of-town engiagement.s this season including concerts at Indianapolis, Bedford, Seymour, and Louisville, Ky. They appeared at the University with Paul Robeson in a very good numher on his convocation program. Soloists have been Alberta Schmadel, soprano; Marvin Smith, tenor; Carolyn Wood, contralto; and William Kennedy, liaritone. Gloria Specht has been a dancer with them and Art .lackrm has Ik'mi the iiiuno accompanist.
Prof. Muriel G. McPailand, of the division of education and applied psychology at the University, will preside at the annual meeting of the Indiana State Home Economics Association to be held next Friday in liulianapoli.s. Miss McFarland is finishing her year here and she will be succeeded, at the meeting, by Miss Edna Troth, assistant state leader of 4-H club work on tRe agricultural extension staff’ of the University. One of the headline speakers at the meeting will be Gov. Henry F. Schricker, and Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of the home economies extension of the University, will take part in a panel discussion on “Nutrition Instruction that Functions.” The association is the state organization for those interested in home economics education.
Hoelser, Don Grant and Weslejr Wallace. Walter McCollough will be in charge of the afternoon sqgsip^. Also on the program will be two movies from the Douglas Pit Plywood Association. The afternoon session is free and the public is invited to attend. The banquet in the evening is open to the public and tickets may be obtained from members of the forestry club or members of the forestry department staff. Prof. Temler To Attend ASME Meeting In Texat Prof. E. N. Temler, of the University Mechanical Engineering staff, left for Houston, Texas, todny to attend the semi-annual convention of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, which will be held in that city this week. In conjunction with Professor Helender, of Kansas State College, Professor Temler will present a piper to the Society on “Economioal Selection of Air Heaters and Ecop.omy for Power Plants.” Exponent Staff All juniors on all staffs should report to th^ Exponent office thin afternoon at 4 p.m. to have pietures taken. Today is the only day they will be taken. Interviews start this afternooh at 4 p.m. Schedule is posted in the office.
Coeds Plan Bid Dance To Keep Men At Home
In Jap Prison Camp pj. pjpfjjjpj
“My Cathcr, Dr. Earl O. Wilson, who remained to serve as professor of sciem/e in Yenching University, was put in a concentration camp and there is a 50-50 chance that he is slill alive.” 'Phese were the words of Eric Wilson, who has just joined the UniLed States Naval Intelliqenee Sin vice, ncemiling to a pi ess release fioin Los Angeles. The elder Wilson graduated here as a CliE in 1921 and then went to China. Ei ic Wilson wa.s raised in
that country.
Young Wilson joined the navy to help avenge the cruelty inflicted on his fatlier and his sweotheait hy the Jaiiaiiese, who loi'turcd the girl and
left her to die.
Universify At Celebration Dr. L. M. Soars of the histoiy, economics and government department will repi'csont the University at the Owenite Forum, a feature of Ihe New Jlari'nony Anniversary Gelehralion, to he held March 19 at the New llainumy (.enter in Posey County. Dr. Sears will s()cak on “Cultivating Spiiitual Conception,” as part of a program to bring out (ho ideals of this famous historical Rappilo settlement. Representatives of other slate universities and colleges will take part in the program.
By Bill Hoskins University coeds are issuing a call to arms! Frantic because of the rapidly dwindling supply of men on which to depend for dates, the Gold Peppers and Moi tar Board are leading the coeds in this initial move of a plan to induce University men to remain in school. Opposing the government’s urgent need for men in the armed forces, Purdue’s determined female contingent is sponsoring the last eoed-hid dance of the season next I'llilay night, in the Union, in older to prove that the arms of the nation aren’t nearly so pleasant or so tender as the ai ms of womankind. Contraiy to the euiint belief that all women love a unifoim, the women’s honoraiies sponsoring this annual affair have issued an application blank stating that th only uniform required is a white shirt, a spoit suit with a sullieieut pocket space, and a comfortable pair of
shoes. It would seem that they prefer plain, unglamorous men to no men at all. Significant of the dire state of affairs from the coeds’ point of view is the fact that age liinitl| on the aforemention application blank are from 8 to 80. Particularly brilliant strateglie move in this crusade for retaining male charms or campus, was the Gold Peppers’ selection of Bud Ilo4'^ crick’s band. Roderick and his boy^ hail from the University of Illinois where the “reverse ratio” has been prevalent since the opening of international hostilities, and are wellequipped to provide the soft romantic type of music guaranteed tMi make the boys want to stay home. Campus patriot Agnes McCulloch is quoted (I hope we don’t get sued for libel) as saying, “Col. Dick and I don’t hold with this here-ndw sabotage stuff, but I guess ray just have to'have their little
^4 ' )sl|
m
'4t '''“S'*Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, March'17; ^
SttMlI
a Short^e Of Fatheads
^ ^ of Phi Kappa Nu, a social J ^risrt^riirty at "MarElhall “college, were picked -!• up t5W0 weeks-ago on the streets of downtown J^Untington, W V., completely naked. it was a “hell night stunt” they explained. It Was a performance to instill them with fra- ; i|^imityi6pirit. ,, ii as tricks like that which lead university several actives were thrown in jail and later sus^nded fi'om school, and the resulting bad plfblicity struck a blow to the reputation of the Ainerican college fraternity system which will be a long time mending. In the furor that followed, the pledges and administrations to outlaw informal initiations entirely (as happened at Vanderbilt this year) or state legislatui'es to draiw up legislation refusing funds to ,any university tolerating such 'Practices■( as happened in California last year). ‘ It is'tricks like that which, called to the attention of potential fraternity members, ■Cause them to think more than twice before • putting on a pledge button. "We -don’t see how anyone with enough ienough sense to pass a college entrance examination could deny that this was far beyond the bounds of any “initiation” intended to '“discipline pledges,” “give them frateimity spirit,” or “make them more like brothers”— the usual rationalizations offered. Yet,»w'hen the college publication at Mar-
shall gathei'ed student ^comments .on the incident, the following were among those mdde: teurt Anderson, last year’s student president, now W. Va. recruiting officer for the U. S. Marines: “I think it was all in the spirit of fun. 'in fact, I think they’d make good marines—they have the ‘espirit de corps.’ Dick Blake, Huntington junior, “It’s silly as h-T- to'make such a fuss. They’ve been doing it for years.” Catherine McGuire, Huntington junior, “I think it’s funny. 1 can just see those boys darting through alleys carrying' the lids of garbage cans.” Jeannette Moore, Huntington junior, “The boys got a dirty deal. There shotildn’t have been any publicity.” Alma Uhlig, Pittsfield, Mass., senior. “It at least shows there’s some life in the school.” Raymond Baiiibeau, Huntington junior and vice president of Phi Kappa Nu, “I think it has made Huntington more collegiate-niinded and the school more fraternity-minded. As an individual, I think Phi Kappa Nu has received some excellent publicity. And I don’t believe any of the other fraternities have been harmed.” ' Which all goes to prove a point already well established at the University of Kentucky: No matter how far a Hell Week goes, you can always find plenty of fatheads ready to approve It. —^^KentuCky Kernel
Merry-‘Go^Romd... (Continued from page 1) ‘'You ought not to do that to me. This i.sn’t a question of personalities. It’s a question of principles. After all you, Phil and I have ■worked hard together for the things we thought were right for many years.” Lewis, it is said, silently chewed his big cigar for a few moments and then fixing Kennedy with an icy stare said, “Yes, w'e have been together a long time. But that’s over now. You’ve got to choose, and right now.” The story ends there. But i.s is significantly, pointed out that Kennedy was at last Thursday’s board meeting that “unanimously” voted the mysterious five-man “investi•gating” committee. Note: 'Hand-picked Lewis or--.gariiaiers made a strenuous -effort "to split up the powerful UMW Local 12165 in New" York into a rtumber of smaller separate units, , but were overwhelmingly defeated. It was flatly charged that the -purpose of the maneuver was to ■give Lewis more votes at the UM-W' convention to enable him to put over the ouster of Murray and ■the walk-out from the CIO. Shortly’ after Lewis’ setback, ■Sam Machlin, leader of the Local for a number of years'and chiefly responsible for its growth into one of the strongest in the coun•try, was fired by 'Kathryn Lew'is, daughter and rightrhand lieuten■ant of John L. When the Local ■still refused to submit to 'Lewis’ demands, :he .followed up . .Mach-lin’-s dismissal by revoking the ’Local’-s charter, which enabled him to seize its records and put his own henchmen in control. • Clash With Murray ’ The reported crackdown on Kennedy set CIO circles buzzing, but it didn’t bold a candle to a personal Lewis-Murray encounter that follo^w’ed. This meeting took place unexpectedly when the two men ran into each other ip a Washington hotel ■■ lobby. According to eye-^witnesses, Lewus immediately stalked up to Murray and rasped out, “Phil Mui - i‘uy, you owe me an aplog.y.” ‘Tf anyone has any apoligizing to ■ do, John,” Murray replied quietly, “it’s you.” , ' Glaring, Lewis pushed his face close to Murray’s and for a moment ■■ onlookers .say they feared there , would be blow's. But Murray calmly ; returned Lewis’ angry look and then again quietly said, “If ever • there was a man who should be
ashamed of what he has done, it is you, John.” With that Murray turned on his, , hod and walked away. • Bouncer Henderson Next to Secretary Harold Ickes, Price Controller Leon Henderson is probably the toughest talker in the Administration. When he thinks the situation demands it, he slings a mean line. But that isn’t the only thing he can sling. Hefty and agile, Henderson also can throw his weight around with vigor — as a caller learned to his .startled discomfiture the other day. The man came into Hendei^son’s outer office and aske^d to see him. Told that Henderson was busy with a staff conference, the stranger announced he would wait. A secretary then inquired what he wanted to see Henderson about. The visitor re-fused-to say and plumped himself into a chaii'', where he waited for over an hour. Then, as the .staff meeting broke up and before anyone could stop him, he rushed into Henderson’s office. “Who are you?” asked Henderson. ' ' “Nevei^ mind who I am,” was the answer, “I want to see Henderson. “What about?” “That’s my business.” “It may he your business,” said Hencierfeon, grabbing the stranger by the collar and the seat of the pants and propelling him forcibly toward the door, “but no one comes into my office without first stating his business. Hereafter you wait until you are invited before you come in here.” « Merry-Go-Round Labor insiders say that a secret tie-up between Dubinsky, ambitious little boss of the International Ladies Garment Workers, and John L. Lewis was behind the attack on Sidney Hillman on the charge that Hillman’s union, the Amalgamated Clothing Workers, had a monopoly on Army uniform contracts. Shortly before the attack, the attorney of the ILGW was hired by Lewis as the lawyer of one of His unions . . . For the first time since the war began, Axis output of ■vital combat supplies fell behind that of the U. S. and British Empire in January and Feburary. In other -words, during the first two months of 1942, the U. S- and British outproduced the Axis on planes, tanks, munitions, steel and aluminum. (Gopyright, 1942, by United Featui'e Syndicate, Inc.)
WAA will hold its Archery Callout this afternoon at 4 p.m. All coeds are urged to respond. Both indoor and outdoor practice will be held, and preparation for individual and team\tournaments will be made. The archers will also prepare for Intei’-collegiate competition with such colleges as Illinois University and Michigan State. Letter to Editor March 16 Dear Editor: Are the students, or are they not to sing-the “Star Spangled Banner” at convocations ? Today at convocation as at numerous other couvos, the lights dimmed, patriotic emotions arose, the audience started to sing, stopped, and started Again. By this time patriotism got mixed up with indecision about ■whether to sing and what to sing to the arrangement presented if they were to sing. As a student, I appreciate the showiness of the band and I enjoy watching the lighting effects of red, white, and blue. However, it seems only fitting that in playing our national anthem, the personalities of both band and audience should be submerged in a united expression of respect for the “Star Spangled Banner.” Sincerely, A Student.
SIGMA DELTA PSI Sigma Delta Psi tryouts for high; jump, broad jump and shot put will be held at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon in the Fieldhouse.
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN ■— CHOP SUEY 409 .Columbia St.
With spring, just around the corner and young mens’ fancies turning to thoughts of flying over the Pi Phi barn, the campus has taken on a romantic atmosphere. The Theta front porch (overlooking the beautiful Wabash and Ye Tavern) in particular was the scene of a touching moment^the other noon. As Sigma, Chi iKenny Gerrard got ■up and 'Wandered home to eat, playmate Gerry 'O’Neil came into the house with a dazed, spring-feverish look. She soon snapped out of it as ■her sisters—witnesses to the oc-casion-broke into the strains of “Let Me Call You Sweetheart.” Ah! ■Spring. Ah! Koniance. Ah!
nuts.
'Ken Gossett made the innocent statement the other day that he had written a Union Show for this spring. Quoth Willis Thurman (Orson) 'Wells on hearing this: “No Phi Gam will ever write a Union Sho'vv while there’s a Beta alive!” Now, Thurman, Is that nice ? Give someone else a chance. Seven years is enough. State dances seem to be the order of the day around 'this time, too. The Phi'©elts had their bra\Vl last week down at Indianapolis. It was claimed that Carl Tafel was left in the lurch for the first time in the noble art of ‘‘.sashatin’ around.” The ATOls are scheduled for next weekend. Going to take Prexy along this timei, boys ? Prexy Bill Fryback -of the Phi Kappa Taus placed his pin on Delta Gamma Dottie Dittman the night of Cotillion. Brother Bob Hodapp dittoed the act on Betty Finch the .same evening. Jack Miller passed his hardware for the third time. This time it goes to liicky prizewinner Betty Sexton up in -Chicago. Jackson always tops off his Chicago week-ends with Monday night campus dates. That roving, romantic, rambunctious, redolent, redoubtable, reticent romeo—Donald G. “Boy Engineer” Frier has had a different date every Saturday this semester on a dollar bet. You lucky gals! A representative of the Dorothy Gray beauty concern of New York was over at the Theta house the other p. m. grooming the gals for
W44 to Hold Sports Thursday WAA will hold its Winter-Sports 'Battquet Thursday evening, March 26 at 6 p.m. in .room 363 of the Union. All campus coeds are invited. The principal speaker for the banquet will be 'Rev. Meyer Simon who will talk on “Physical and Spiritual Recreation.” Winter-sports awards will be made at the banquet, and installation of recently elected officers- ahd council' members will be
held.
Tickets may be secured from any WAA 'Officer or council member or from the'WAA office for sixty five
cents.
Delta Ifpsilon Fraternity Holds Election, Initiation Delta Upsilon, social fraternity, recently elected officers for the coming year. The officers are as follows: R. F. Seeburger, president; G. W. Gard, vice president; D. M. McKirnan, recording secretary; Jim Stallings, corresponding secretary; Don E. Tudor, alumni secretary; and J. P. Richards, treasurer. At their initiation held recently, the following men were taken into the organization: Don E. Tudor, Indianapolis; William T. Powers, Chicago; William R. Cross, Middletown, Ohio.; James Stallings, Alton, 111.; Robert Smithers, Akron; Paul
. , . national forestry honorary Miller, Dayton; and Richard Colefraternity, announces the pledging man, Newton, Ind.
of L. W. Fix, Lafayette; L. L.-Glas-
gow, Portland; 0. W. Litke, New Ptof. C. S. SchMuer
Castle; P. J; Meiners, Cincinnati, O.; M. C. Myers, Osgood, and J. E.
Phillips, Brazil.
Camera To Present
le^re, By
Third in a aeries 6f lectui'estfor a cotafse ton piettn’e-ttlkih'i^'and de-: veloping, sponsored by the Camera Club, will be held this evening at 7:30 in room 302 of the Union. ’Rd'lp'h True'blood Will talk on developing pictures, and a lab session •Will "be held afterward in 'Which 'f-he pictures taken at previous meetings may be developed. Anyone iiittoi’ested in developing' pictures Is invited to attend. Thetas Announce Election Of Officers For Next Year Kappa Alpha Theta, social sorority, announces the election of the following officers for the .coining year: Marion Thompson, president; Joan Jackson, vice-president; Frances Lloyd, recording secretary; Mary Jane Dayton, corresponding secretary; Marilyn Fifield, treas-
urer.
Jeannette Haynes, social chairman; Moll! Pl'sagev, scholarship chairman; Virginia Lee MacDonald and Janet Glatz, co-rush chairmen; ■Lucinda Redwine, activities chairman; Betty Lewis, chaplain, Mary Lee Hyde, editor; Roberta Craig, house manager; and Caroline Snyder ahd Joan Menefee, archivists.
Unhni To-Hold For Adiyily ldSj Cfi^ds?? Uniting activity eds .an^ -epgds, Student Unioh Will Kold. .;p ■ Tba Dance this Thursday afttofHbon from 4 to 6:30 p. m. This partj^'^lie first of its kind, is open ■tto:^|l I'tiidents who participate ,iTi''t«;|iyr|ifes having -their ■ offices/in the-^i|ion building! ■ Joining in this activitje^i'hgliday, all groups will close their j-wofk-shops for the afternoon and will gather for dancing and refreshments in'the 'Ntofth ©allroom' tofithe Unidhv ' , .
RIA Announces ,
In 'bale iFor ^
Xi Si
ce
■ PIA has announced that the date for its annual Spring Dance has been changed from the previously announced Marbh ‘2'7 to April 24. Ace Bilgode and his Virginians have been engaged to play for the event. , Admission to the dance can . be gained only by the showing of a PIA membership card. Since this Is a novelty dance, couples may come attired in anything from “sloppy joe” outfits to evening clothes. The dance will last from 8:30 to. 11:30 and will be held In both ballrooms .of the Union. iiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijfiiiiiiiiiin I FRIENDLY SERVICE 1 = Bonded P Gas and-Oil S I T. & R.OIL CO., Inc. I
the Debris contest next year. To Jeannette Haynes went the 'lady’s opinion “You’re the exotic type.” As Jennie fainted, the lady went on —giving Cindy Redwine a “baby” haircut, etc. 'When .she came to “Little 'Mac” McCreery she hesitated, then .-said: “Sorry. Can’t do a thing for you.”
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth -St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price i ,f444.4..f
. . . will ,give a discussion and demonstration of quality in live poultry, dressed poultry, and eggs before Miss Clark’s institutional management class on Thursday afternoon. The instruction will last
from 2 to 4.
M. E. MORtHOUSE .DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Everything for a College Education DEA€'S
DR. PAUL A. RISK . DR. LUTHER A. RISK f DR. HAROLD J. RISK / —-DENTISTS — / 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main -St. tafayette-
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life'Bldg.
DePauw University JUNIOR PROM featuring BOB STRONG and his ordhestra 8:00, Sat., March 21st BOWMAN GYM $3.50 .per couple .
Recordings by ' The Indianapolis i Synrphony Or<SkesfTa“ -Directed - hy FAVIEN SEVITZKY on 'i , VICTOR RECORDS! ' ■ . ' iu '-'-Vs • I* 18291 Sugurd jorsalfar— ^ Prelude.and Intertnezxo....r('iGrieg') 1' 18070 Negro Heaven (Cesana) M827 Symphony No. 1, in G Minor (Kalinnikov) 17731 Dubinushka Russian and Ludmilla—^^Overture FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
tTMHIINa GENE TIERNEY “{Victor MATURE-Walter HUSTON
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across From Union ‘Red*.* Sammons *29 **Doc** Epple *40
SCOBEE’S
SENIx:>RS • Etnployer.s arr* interviewing noiv— DON’'T DELAY — Have aiiplicutioa pholoH ready-—Reliable service.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
PwiduB, ^xpotumL All-American f940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana,-under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1-103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Ses.sion. Deliver ed locally by carrier for $3,50 per year,-mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-In-Chief.. News Editor . Bportr Editor. ..
...Ned A. Ochiltree Basinesg Manager... ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor 'Phil Johnson Coed Editor
.‘Don 8. Powers Leland W. Buffner Ruth .Rose
Publication Staff
Business Staff
Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F, Arnos.. J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropby. H. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E, G. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chat&cld, Jane Kamsdell.
Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office-Manageri Lee Bossong. I Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjcmre, -B. E, Saxton; Ciroulation Manager: W. T. Belt; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phonet: editorial and Business, 4005,\ Sports, 2792 editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, -420 Madison Ave.. New York. N. Y.
Sfaff For This Issue Way Editor: Picktirinji; Kepurters: lIoKitins, Hiintur, Wolfu. Davi.s, Sloan, Kroyman, Schneider, KIchard.son. liiKkrs,. Eclcstt.-iri. SportK; Dawson, Dchporta Kditor: Brewer Mars, AcktHinan.
'NJstit Editor: Glsupie Imuic ifiditor: Frohtnan
MX tJtOTWfiS ARE AT SANrroNE cleaner's
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE She's Exotic . . Savage . . Exciting! "SWAMP WOMAN" with ANN CORRiO JACK LaRUE . . . plus . . . A Swell Mystery! A Grand Comedy! "SMILING GHOST" with WAYNE MORRIS BRENDA MARSHALL
MAI»
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
ill
A New lfAiiNER Bros. Siiacsss: -DENNIS fflORGAK' BRENDA MARSHffit
BETTY’S IN THE BARREL (But Only Temporarily)
She sent her clothes to the American to have them ihoi’onghly cleaned, perl'eetly pressed and relreshenetl. DIAL 7278
-,-PLUS— "MOON OVER HER SHOULDER'
with
Lynn John Dan BARI-SUTTON-DAILEY, Jr
BOTH SWELL HITS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LUMA: <
!l ^
^ ?^sv*Tv:j •. . JV^* , » 4 , r * , ^ r-y
^ iJ-' ^
•yt .yy]^^ f
•:-S'
i-c
/fey jfiii.* Jfe&wsoh
'^feifeii4jiitir<iiiltMil/6la^li- oif the aea|^|iljf'||h'4i ^?^^te'‘^^e6k's/>WJ!iy, •some ;|^,iTOi»<sib^il' h(jM out of tiijjft. •fejji^idhOvise"^ :riight to take jJitWSt *M (SHieir '.fitst ^outidooi- batting
,iif^%e\#tearV'Acc;oi’diltlg -to :'|^<:^iiH‘iSehri3ii^the idiam^o^
! i>tofeabli^ get‘ their first taste of aitti^ll ilpl^ifignlti itfie ifOrm (rf a practice game before the end of the
This year instead of taking , the annual southern trip, Pehring has sehedUled six . consecutive ^ home gatneSj beginning with St. fioseph March 30, 31, and/Aipril 1 ;and n.Btatinuing against Wabash on the 2nd and Srd. iA. double header will be splayed'with the lattle, Giants On the .3ra. ■■•■■.- Little Experience On Mound POhring'^s chief worry at the pres--ent-time Seems to he in his 'pitdhing
■staff, fiit^lth .thd ineligihlUty tff 4i)on Biariken, Itnie Vof ithe?/fine^ ihurlers ifi '<thfe cdifiSecehce dai&t team ds With Walt Leifheit as iheir- on}y .j^eriehced mdundaman, Mow.eyeti' W^lt dia'S ‘^lehtiy ‘ of'-atwlf and ' is one of the most consistent performers on the’s<iuaH, so dhould ‘jyroye .m'ighty valuable iito the-Riv-eters during the -coming season. One of the fellows -who is expected'to sgive'.Leigheit plenty of help
is Tony Serto; ^erstwhile footballer and the ohly''southpaw bh the staff. This will be Tony’s first ydar on the Riveter nine, since always before he has taken,.part in .spidng foothaU. The stocky portsider has a baffling knuckle hall and fine control so Is being given eyery opportunity by /loach Pehring to make good. Cook Shifted Two sophomore moundsmen who may make- the grade are Patrick
and MesSlehorn. The latter has a world Of speed bitt lacks control. Walter Cook, who last year played in 4he infield, will get a crack at one of the .pitching jobs because Of his unusually strong arm. In an effort to increase the Riveter hitting power, which was so lacking last year, Pehring may shift Ernie Young from catcher to the outfield and put Walt Smith or one of the several other promising
catchers in Ernie’s old spot. Fehrihg has announced that he will sacrifice defense for offense in hopes of giving the fans the kind of baseball they want to see. McFarren Recovering Little Harry McParren, most valuable and best hitter last season, has not reported as yet due to a recent appendicitis operation, but will probably make his apperance within the next week. Harry will in all
probability -at second base. RaWls hart are likely ^p«o«p«4lk'f#€*«*’, third- base - and . Carl Hipp, a aopbomoYe Wlto the hardest hitte# on tough Rhinie S(|Qadf Ipdli^ sure bet to see .plenty of the outfield this year. <C!ait dhiiiii'4t very good eye and is ih'h^ffebftldne of the fastest men on the teaiir.
ieciis
ns In ^tq|e
. (jus Boilgh'an, the hard fightingj Sluggmg pugilist from.MisH90ijihi, !Who’-GOjtped the individual hohors at the state boxing •i^lelrM^fflparaisolU^’SaturdaY nig'ht, Wiil'be one of t'he'BdTh boxers to appear in an exhibition match for the U.S.0,
at pelpbi Friday night.
Boughan starred in the recent tourney at Valjparaiso when he defeated Willy Lazar, potent 'Indiana "Stetd IBB pounder in a tHrfee-ifiund ’battle..' -Gu^ led the RiyiSter aggregation to a third place in tfie meeh Valparaiso, fighting on its libme floor, satisfied the local homing fans by annexing the title, with Indiana State and Benna’s h<WerS (fihishing second and third. StviUbei'Ctdlldge’s 'ring artists settled Into .'fourth place, with Notre Dame’s,,glovemeri slipping to., fifth.
feollfeikiMiitaf Supporters ; tlthdr Boilermaker supporters in
tfid rdiSeht tournament who are likely tp'appear in the exhibition this Prldai^ .at Delphi are: Don Elfin, aiJiiibl'j,:Stan Atz; sophomore; and iiSdtfe'Svagai freshman. Elfin lost in thepound class to Fritz Heine'eke of Valpsraiso; Atz to C. Cavey dl r%. 'and Savage .to Ernie Sdjge of . Indiana State in hard
i^Ught battles.
^ ’Senna announced yesterday thfit plans were being laid tpiriili^ ailijattempt to send'Boughap' ld thd 'hfational Intercollegiate Bbgifig; ToUimament, to be held at featdff^uie, La., March 26-28.
Continues Drill
> ’VV' ■
■' felA feoilirling League will not maffl toHight as scheduled. ; KilUgrew
. . , bidder for the center position for the Riveters’ gridmen is Alex Leugo. Leiigo .saw little action as a sophomore last year as he was hampered by "an early season injury, coming through to see action in the
Indiana classic.
Balloting in the second annual WGN poll to determine the -Big Teh^s mostivaluable basketball player is now under-way, with 'results expected on the Western'' Conference seleotidn in the near'future; Ballots are now being collected from members of the 23-i1nan'.board which will 'vote the''honor',to rofie'iof the ten Big Ten hardwood stars chosen most valuable on''hiS'respective teams. The Winner will be announced Wednesday night on the @:1'5 o’clock sports review over Btation WGN, and will be'.presented <oh a special program in " honor‘'Of the event. • .. Stars Listed ■Selection-Will be made from the following: Andy 'Bhillip, Illinois; Tom Chapman, Iowa; 'Andy' Eimmer, Indiana; ’Frosty EpirOWl, Burdue; John Kotz, Wisconsin; Jack Pons, Chicago; Qtto’Graham,.Northwestern; 'Don Smith, -Mlnhesota; Max 'Gecowets,/)hio’State; and Jim Mandlei;, Michigan. ' The final'selection is placed in the hands of a committee composed of Major John L. Griffith, commissioner of Big Ten athletics; the ten conference basketball poaches; 'ten representative officials; Bob 'Elson,
*s some
(jf
Coach -Elmer Burnham’s spring gridiron powerhouses battled with a strong southwest wind yesterday as they started .irijto their second week of’spring.drills on.Stuart Field. . Several changes made in the spring line-up before the weekend, became prominent , as • Fred “,Tex” Smerke, last season’s driving power from quarterback position .began new duties' from the wing spot. Charlie Harris, a reserve quarter on the 1941 .Oleven, Was also shifted to end position, to increase the list of pass-snatchers. Bill Bhimer and iPorrest MeCaffry, .experienced ends . from. -Mai Elwavd’s squad are also expected to shine at that spot. Linemen Workout The Boilermakers’ -forward -wall underwent a lengthy- bloeking drill, as Mel Tau'be taught the lipemen increased tactics in the art of opponent slan^ming. The gridiron assistant had/ the job of working off the excess poundage developed since last Thanksgiving. A tentative line roll-call 'plight list Smerke apd Shimer at ends, Barry French and Pinky Warren as tackles, Bill ‘Powers and Dick Barwegen at guard posts, and Alex Leugo at center spot. Leugo saw little action last year due to an early season injury, but will fill the shoes of Bob Johnson, last year’s center who
WGN sports editor. Winner of the first WGN Trophy last year was Gene Englund, brilliant center on Wisconsin’s Big Ten and National Collegiate Athletic Association champions, who was given 40 out of a. possible 46 points on 19 first place votes-and two seconds. .
Shifted
noL^iiOiiiMoii i
... to end on Elmer Burnham’s spring football squad is Fred Smerke. ‘‘Tex,’^ who hails from Ft. Worth, Texas, starred in the quarterback position on the 1941 team. Hailed as one of the outstanding wingmen of the high schools of Texas, Smerke will again be back at his old position. dropped out of school. Coach Burnham, however, has been experimenting with several line-ups to gain the most effective Riveter gi’id power for the comingfall season. . ' ■ Baekfield stars ran through a series of offensive trickery as the new mentor pulled several new plays out of the hat. v
i ■)/'/
iS#'-”
I
1$ raising "pri^si We know you are delighted to hear that you will be able to get your favorite lingerie at the some modererte prices! "Borbizon" just announced the g.ooid news to us in a letter which we quote; ^ Loeb's ' Columbia Street Lafayette Gentlemen/: - ' "Barbizon is not raising prices.
"With the Nation at war, the chief coh*cern of responsiblfe business leaders is to maintain the highest 'prihciples of public service. We believe quality should remain high as liossible ' and prices as low as possible. Retailers are the greatest, individiial jforce in their communities for settihg the standard of business practice.,
"We believe our policy is fully in support of National Pefense — we believe that it is the only hi rid of policy to follow at this time. Very truly yours, ' THE BARBIZON CORPORATION Ben G, Weiss (signed) General Manager"
Bound for the
One Of B^ig Tcn'ti Greatest Mat Sqitadfs There is absolutely no doubt about it, the Boilermaker wrestling team which last weekend so completely dominated the Western Conferetfife meet is one of the greatest mat squads ever assembled in the lleagpe. ■From all we can find, the 33 points which they tallied was one of the highest totals ever amassed in this championship tournament. It’s also been over 10 years since any one team won four of eight individual-.e^iin-pionships. And in addition to these titles, they won a runner-vg> artd.a fourth place berth. . It was a great-job. .It took a sw’ell coach and a hard working group of wrestlers to .put in the time and effort required to .go up to Chicago and overwhelm all comers. The team was in the best of condition, both physically and mentally. They went up to win, and nothing stopped them. ► iReeck Named President' To top off the weekend, the coaches of all of the Big Ten schools elected Coach Reeck president qf the Big Ten Wrestling Coaches Assoeiation for the next year. It’s a swell honor for a very deserving coach. Not all-of the honor goes to Coach Reeck and the team however.'Mrs, Reeck, who is their number one fan, also gets into the limelight. Th^-fpl-^ lows on the team call her the co-coach, and for a reason. She’s been^Jafik-,'-ing them\nd counseling them all season. To both Mr. and Mrs. Reeck, wl( say, “Our heartiest congratulations for a job well done.” • ;► Casey Gats Revenge ''T\vio years ago in the Big Ten championship when Casey Frederi.eka was a sophoinore, he went to the finals, became a little over cpofidehli, and lost to an ambitious lad from Minnesota. Last year these meet, as the Gopher competed in the 128 pound class. Saturday two met again in the finals of the 128 pound battle. Casey that-defeat of two yeai’s ago. In one of the hottest bouts of inent, the Boilermaker captain turned in one of the smartest of his career to win the championship and even the count. • • ► Maiovina Gefs Hard Earned Break Mark Matovina lost an extremely close battle three weeks a^o/agaip^ Illinois, the only team to beat Purdue this year, in the final mlnute& 'pf the bout. It was a tough one to lose, as it would have meant-victory‘ifor the Boilermakers. • / Saturday this same scrappy 136 pounder fought his w'ay into the finals to face one of the best men 'in the meet. 'They fought to a drtPte kt the end of the thi’ee periods, and still at the end of an overtiitve pdfiod. Then the referee awarded the fight to Mark for his aggressiveness.’It was probably the hardest earned victory of the tourney. . ► Everyone In There Pitching Little Mickey McDonald won his first collegiate match at the Midwest A.A.U. in December, and since then hasn’t lost a match. He fairly-walked through the competition Saturday. Frank Ruggieri, who is one of the best collegiate heavyweights im the nation, also tossed them off as they came. Warren Gregory, another;fighter from way back, got a fall in the quarter finals and then lost .a'hkrd fought match in the finals. Warren Eviston got a fourth in the 1'75 pound class and BobBiitt-.a fall in the quarter finals to also add to the victorious score.
' GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 5. 29th St. Phone 5;
Bej/sons of discretion and good taste ina|ce it a Jiabit to stay in a Onion piub room, whenever they visit Bnr<|iie. There they find perfect service, attractive furnishings and convenient location.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
IM Sckediilei; FRATERNITY The following teams will report for ternity. Volleyball at 7:00 March 17: Acacia, Alpha Gamma Alpha Sigma Phi, Beta Sigma Psi, Di^i^ Chi, Kappa Delta Rhp, Phi DeUa Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa-Psi, sAl^a Chi Rho, Alpha Kappa (^ambda. Alpha &U. Omega, Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Tau ’BeUar Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Cht Alpha, Phi Kappa. . .r. BADMINTON r » The following teams will report for Era* ternity Badminton at 4 o'clock oja Tmesjjsj afternoon: Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpija Rho, Phi Kappa, Theta Xi, Tau. Phi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Lambda Ghi Kappa Delta Rho, Alpha Chi Rho, Tau Omega, Delta Chi, Sigma Pi, Sigtnii Alpha Epsilon, Triangle, Delta Chi, Tau, Kapf)a Sigma.
If
. OR REAL SPORTY SMARTNESS... GIVE ME MY
%
/Fannaus '||[arbixon” Slips i $l,'65.s$r.98,'$2,25, ' ■$2.50,.$2s98 '/tmwfipjus "Bwliixon" 'Robes ' >i?'v--^$3r98i»$5:98/''$6}98
Beaufiful "Barbixon" 'Niflhf Gowns $3.98, $4.98 and $5.98 -Cuto '-Barbixon'' Panfies ' $1.98
Smarf '’Barbixon" Pajamas $3.98,^$4;98 «nd'$S.98 Coxy "Barbixon" Quilted - Bed !|aek«ts" $2.98 and $3.98
lAjnimL The Corner of the Campus—• Yet the Center of Activities
Sportive and spiffy, these play or work shoes in ^ brown and white.'’*
I
rV.J!
A
■ ■ f
It
iS.’®’ :131-
?i'
luda Tower Will Speak Dr. A. A. Smith
At AWS Marital ledure
Dr. Lucia Tower will speak this evening: on “Hygiene in Man-iage” on the AWS marital relations lecture series progi-am. The addres.s at 7:30 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge will be given to senior women and a few juniors who have special permission to take the course. Dr. Tower’s address is the third of four leeturos si)onsored by AWS on thei)' aiuuial marital relations course.
. . . assistant professor in the division of education and applied phyehology, addressed the Sigma Chi Fraternity last Thursday evening on the subject, “Marriage-—A Major Problem.” He used the same subject in speaking before the Sigma Pi fraternity last Monday evening and the Dairy Club on Tuesday.
University Calendar
Reamer Club: IVIoctrtig Tuesday, March 17. Convo aeain. Meeting in room, 301 of the Priion at 7:in,p.m.' —UUFFNER
Tuesday, March 17
Condition Exabiinationn: E'xijms in AM 21 and AM 22 will bo given in room 110, Hcavilon Hall, on Saturday, March 28, from 1 to 4. Pormils may bo obtained in the main.office of Hcavilon Hall. —PO'ORMAN. ■
WAA: Basebnlt practice begins Monday, Senior Cadet Officers: Sign tip imtb.pd'' March lOPPractices will be hold'every Mon- atoly on advanced course bulletin boat'd.for day, Wednesday and Eritiny. Three prac- appointments to havp P'Ot'ueS ween, ' tices reoulrcd for intramural. —COOPER > JOHNSON
Ag Eds: Important meeting Tuesday, March lY, in room 203 of Union at 7 :30 p.m. , . , . —FEE
9:00 4:00 4:00
A.M.—Red Cross—First Aid ....... P.M.—Union Tea Dance
.Room 304, Union • South Ballroom, Union
Alpha .Clii Omega,: Meeting Tuesday, March 17, at 7 ;3(l in room 307 of the Union. —KUCK.
Gimlet Actives and Pledges: There will be a dinner mooting at the Phi Psi house Tiiesdny, March 17, at 0 p.m. —JOHNSON
P.O.M.M.: There will he a banquet on Thursday, March 19, at 0 p.m. in tho, East F.acnlty Loiinge. TicUcts may bo obtained from PiO.M.M. officers until noon, Wednesday, March 18, for '”5
P.M.-
Zoologisfs Wsli Address Animal Science Forum
Professor]. James
... will speak about the. embryology of the, chick at the regular monthly meeting of the Poultry Science Club. Thursday. Prof. Jame.s is the embroyologist of the biology department. All interested persons may attend the di.scu,ssion; ,
Dean Payne, iiead of the Zoology Deiiartment at Indiana University, and Dr. Brcneman, also an I. U.' zoologist, will adilre.ss the monthly nieeting of the Animal Scienco'Forum Thursday, March 19. The forum chiefly eoncern.s the School of Agriculture but staff me.mbers from other departments arc invi'te.d 1o attend al.so. . ■
,7:15 7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30
P.M.P.M.-
-Committee on State of University -Reamer Club -Forestry Club Meeting -Christian Science Organization. -Silver Mask, Meeting
P.M.—Camera Club Open Mooting of American Pharmaceutical Association
Room 2G3, Union Room 304, Union ' Room 117, Hort Bldg. Room 303, Union Room 304, Union Room 302, Union
Triton / CIul): Rl‘j?u1hi' moctinR Tuesduy, Mi^rch 17, ot 7:30 p. m, in the Women’s Pool. riedKcs hriiifi 20 cents for' emblemH. • -KRAKPELIEN.
Tail Bela Pi Pledfires: Meeting for pledge period training instruction in room 303 of Union at 4:1.5 p.m; Tueaday, Mavcli 17. Attendanct? c.ompul.sory. —SHANE
Fraternity . Affairs Offico: Sophom'6re pfiiitioTis will be due ’ruesday,. Marcli ■I7«r 'fbterviow will follow at a later date.,-. , —PEARSON
Frnternify Affairs OTficc: Sophomore petitions will be due March j7. Interviews will follow on and after date. —PEARSON.
Cores Pledges: See Wentliers for Cores Rull(*tin as Boon as possiliie. —WEATHERS
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Meeting in Rending Room of tho ME building Tuesday, March 17, at 4 p. m. ‘—HENDERSON.
Poultry Science Club: Professor Jarnos, embryologist, will speak at 7:30 p.m. 'Phursday, Marcli 10, in room 212 in the Union. Open meeting. WIUIUJR
7:30 P.M.—Ceres Meeting .... 7:30 P.M.—Alphii Phi Omega 7:30 P.M.— Mai-ital TiCcture ..
.Room 311, Phai'inacy Bldg, ..Room 305, Union .Room 307, Pinion • West Faculty r..ge.. Union
Eta Rnpitn Nu: MpctinK for uloct.ion of pledge.s on Tuesday, Marcli 17, at 7:30 in the Union, —FOUTHMAYD. .
Dchris Photography SlnfT: Soi»homorea and Juniors iilease come to Room 35) Tucbday, March 18 at 4 p.m. — WAItKEH
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
|!lllilllllllllllilltlllilllllllllllllillllllli||lj|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i||||||||1||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||||||i|||L-
7:30 P.M.—Western Conference Discussion Toui'iiament 8:00 P.M.—-Graduate Dames Initiation ..... 8:00 P.M.— Clu'istiiin Science I,ectui'e
(Jirislinn .Science Organization: There will be :i free lecture on Christian Science Ity Elizjibetli MacArthur Thomsen at 8 p.m. Tuesday, March 17, in room 3.55 of Uu; Union. There will hi? iio regular meeting. -I.OCKWOOD
Distinguished .students: Refunds are now available at the cashicfr’s ofVfce in the Executive Building. —HOI^LENSHE
.East k^aeulty Lgo., Union .Rooms 355 and 303, Un-
SCOUTING THT SHOPS
^ . 10:00 P.M.—01(1gi‘ Youth Oi'^'anization West Paciiliy ,Un-
Alpha Zela Pledges And Actives: Banquet date changed to ’I’hursday, March 2(1, in room 3G3 of Union iiecause of late conflict on Univt'rsily Caleml.'ir. Pledge tests and initiation will he Weilnesday. Marcli 25. Pledges contact Diesslin for national and local constitutions. —SWAIM
Advanced Coin^Hc Military Sludenia: hi. Colnnel White will talk on the Pacilic sil.ualioh Tuesday. March 17, at 4 .p.m. in roo.m^ 207 of . the Mechanical Engineering buihling. ’All advanced cour.se students are ii'rgoil lo attend. . - - SULLIVAN
PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
willi Judy MiiLiillniiiili
H. B. Hass To Ledure
niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiTiiiiiirH
IN THE .SPUING
At Penn State College
Flying Club :• Important meeting Wednesday, March 18, at 7:30 p.m. in-room. 307 of llie Union'. Discussion of air meet and steak fry. HABIOHT
^'TOvt o? Life"
u niUhifinn s Taney socnis to turn to tlio’t.s ol lovo, for llii.s work’s
trio ol (Tiso diaToct dofinitoly^ rovcrls to tlio sonliinontal. Toininy
ITorsoy and His orcHosli'a ask, W'luil Is This Thing Calli'd Lovo?-—a Colo I’oi'tor original, rocordod l>y Victor with all that T. Dorsey style. As niusiciil as the Ulle suggests, eoines Glenn Miller’s Shylarh, a .-•w:'*'!, slow and smooth, .loltimy Mercer—Hoagy Caiiniehael tune. Tliis is a Blneltird I'eeoi'd. My Lillie Cousin ])y Bennv Goodman’s oreheslra with
Peggy 1 jCe, at the vocals presents a swingy I'hyltiin eoinliim'd With a clever ver.se—an Okeh recording. Von’ll find the.se, and all your
other lavorites in the rf'cord dejiarlnii'nl of liie Fosler Shop..
APROPOS AVITH SPRING
and siiitahle. for all occasions, (h'liglitfid nai'v himand white dresses head the season’s f;ishion parade. Look’s second-floor dress salon f('atnres tlieni in all styles—Irojijia strictly tailored two-piece enseinhh: for “joe flates’l to the very dressiest of fioeks for your more sophisticated nioim'iits. Designed in lovfdy silks, jerseys, crepes and sheers, inanv of these dresses are trimmed with cool, crisp and refreshing fingeric neckwear, while others ;ire Inightened with a touch of red. Simply a “innst-have’' for S|)ring, at least one of these styles will find a jilaee in every coed’s wardrobe.
Dr. 11. B. Hass, hc.ud ol' tlie. Department of Chemi.stry, will give, the Priestley lectures at Pennsylvania State College this week. He will cliscu.ss research carried out in the University Department , of Chemistry ill the past 13 yeai's. Dr. Hass is the first organic chemist to he invitefi to deliver this sci-ios of lectures. The lectures were established 17 years ago as an annual event honoring the memory of Jo.seph .Pi'icstley, discovered of oxygen, who lived ■in Pennsylvania during the . last years of his life.
. Undergratluale Diimos Club; Potluck suppor at 7 p.m. Tuesday, March 17. at the home of Mi’s. f'luyd Sliilc at 281 S. Salisbury St. Please Itring own' .Service and -a covered dish. VOLMER
All. Scouts and Scouters: Hill Miller will speak at an open meeting of Alplui I’lii (imegji in room ,307 of the Utiion at 7 :30 p.m. Tuesdav, March IT. Meelitig opeii lo all. WILBUR
Anile. SHAW
Gold Peppers Pledge Cominillee: Meeting Wednesiiay, March 18. at 5 p.m; at the West DeslL of 11h‘ Union. • SIESS \.
Sigma Pi Sigma: Meeting .for election ofnew inembers in room 210of the Phy.kic^; Building at 7 p.m. 'ruesday, Mjircli 17. Oli! members must attend. 'I'/VYUHi
Ela Kappa Nn: Meeting for election ofjiledges in room 230 <)f the Union '!’iu’sda>’. iMarch 17. at 7:30 p.m. Unexeiised absences will be nnetl. - SOU'I’HMAYD
Pharmacy Ass'n Presents
Technical Novies Tonight
So p ho more U n i o n W o r k e rs: B ro ws i n g I’oom committee meeting Wednesday, Mareli LS. af 4:15 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. Will following pk'Tise l)e present: D. (Jar(lem()te. Cb Kibles. W. Hummel. P. McKnight, (.b Hyman, H. Bishop. Sjiriggs. C. Collier. .1. Sehielke, 1>. SLaliiiug;:, R. MiiuT, K. For«l. Ci. Ka((c‘r./(din. Ih l•'r^<‘r, 'lb CJuipman. KATrELMOHN
StudenI Senate: Meelitig 7 :3(l p.m. VVei ne.sday. March IS, in the olVice. - DIHOS
THIRTY-SEVEN YEARS OF SERVICE . . .
can inuan hut one, thing—lliii'ly-scvcn vear.s of deju'inlaljle and cooperative l)vi.8ijH'ss transactions, almost foui- decades devoted to
luJ/illing the d(‘inands of Ptirdue stndentsl Aifd oiivo iigii’in Soitlhiiorlh’.4 rdh'r tlieir .serviee.s—this time in the form of their Thiiiy-Sovonlh, AnnivorS(uy Sal<\ 'I hronghout tlie store, the gift sho|) ineJnded, the entire slock has been giqbilly redneed. Idle multi-colored .scli'clion of anklets which sell at a lorly ]ier ('enl discount is an oxamjde td' tin' liargaiiis (dieted in this salt'. Included in the arrav
I
The /American Pliarmaceutical A.ssociation will present two films, “Liquid Lifeline” and “Intervenous Anaesthesis” this evening at 7:30 in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building. The latter film, which will be in technicolor, depicts tho use of Pentolhal Sodium in various types of surgical operations. The progi-am will last approximately one liour, and.is open to all person’s interested in this work.
Purdue Players: Thfrc will he ;i mceliii WedtUbsthiy, Marcli IS, :it.' 7 rb’l) in Kowh Hjill. Everyone he there. K'EOE
The only correct way to break in a pipe is to smoke it. LinT:jnan’s ineehanical smoking nia- ■ chine Pre-smokes every PR., CRABOW with ii:4e tobacco.
Rule ]\o. 1
Your Clothes Immaculate
WAA: .Activily etilloul, '’I'ue.sdiiy. ..Marc 17. at -I p.m. in the. .Aclivilies oll'ice in Ih Union. JOHNBON
. SporLswomen: Meeting til -I ii.m. in the Women’s (lym on Tuesdav. Mtirch 17. Be there. -• IIENNIS
State, Slump, Studio (!allu|) (’ommiKee: ’our lists will he ready Wednesday. March 8, in tile speech oll'ice lliirtl Hoor of Uniersily Mall. Dl-ILONH
Lores Activo.s, Pledges and Alumni.: Remember Batupj.et 'rtiesday. March 17 til the Home Economics Building al ():15 p.m. • cakL.ahAN
MADE Bit M. LINKMAN & CO. MakoM ol H:otly«o“Ft Pipei
Notices
People slit! jipljT/c by appearance, ami a good one Indps lo k<‘cp up llic niortdt*. Gel yoiir' clothes in condition lor spring and help lliein hist longer by luiving ihcin ihoronghly cleaned.
Noi-lhwesleru al Vine
Phone 40«1
are all the jiOjudar stylc.s <'<tll(in rihln-ds, Icrry ela&lic-toj.pcd rahhil.s hair hose.
•Inlli .snck.s, and
ilouse Agehls fitr Co-op Botdv .Store: llti iiirplus :,u|)|»lics ill .S(b'\ oll'ice hv .7 p.j Wt.tlncsdjiy, March 18 if ytui want refinii i^e. tlu.rn. liOR'l'UN
Anniher .siieclacniar bargain may he found in the jewadry departinenl wln're such iii'lich's as •saddle leathci- compacts ha\’c been dia.slically reduced from one dcdlar and lunilv-livc ('('uls to fifty cf-nl.s. I hcrc is a thirty pi'r ('(uii rcdiiction on all patriotic jc\vcir\'—compacls, Inacclcl.s and gadget jiiirs; while the redneiion on cosliimc jewelry range.s from iTdrty lo fifty |icr cent and more on some itenrs. Slop.in .Son//ii('o/7/i’','< iliis '.vcck and 1ak< (d'their Anniversary Sale.
Iloriicuiturc S(>cicty: Meeting at 7 :3() p.m. on Wednesday. March 18, in room 117 of lilt' .HorLiciilliire Building. 'Kwo toteol'crs will he .cn the pro5>;ram. • ; IL'VSS
Purdue Outing Cltih: 'Pht r--. will he a hike Siitiday, March 22. :it 2 p.m. al Ihc Armory. (bill'Gjiil lleiiiii.-; ti'. ‘i'JdT tar .!im Cuv’')-! al S-RHI'or re:;ervaLioT’:s; IliCN'lsMS
WOULD YOU OBjEGT . . . it yoni- hail’ lo(d':e(] like Veronica f.ake’.-^ --or whatsoever eiiu'ma beauty you chance to lavory F.'i’hajt.s vou re oneot the manv who can no longer hear not one second longer —ifie W'a\' yonr hair h.oks. Either you ^'earn to he told what you need, or yon know just what vou want and insist (ju its being carried out ('xaellv. in either ease, what yon I’eally ne<'d and \vanl is an a]>poinlnu'iil at Look’s B(‘rtuly Salon. Thoiigh yon may fec'l eertain that this season s .slioi l hair sty les and pompadours were never inciint for you, why not hate a piofessi.jual ,sl\list advi.se and lend a fielping Jiandf
Classified Ads
Wanted : . Full time stenographer and general oiTicc assislanl. PiirAliie hackgruund preferred. Apply by letter. Kxtxment Box No. I.
Typewriters -Adtlitig Mtichincs, j»ll makci^ •mid, rcnl.ci], rcitaii’ctl. :iiid piirclmscd. Mimetigraph wcirl' dene. c. ,L Khcr;,)tnir, (505 Main, Lafnycite. IMuitie 277!).
Tiiere^s satisfaction in knowing that the G'A/ revenue tax you pay on every pack of twenty cigarettes is doing its bit for Uncle Sam And, when you buy Chesterfields, you have the satisfaction of knovving you are getting a superior blend of the world's best cigarette tobaccos. This famous blend gives you a smoke that is definitely milder, far COOLER and lots better-tasting. Make your next pack Chesterfields. You can’t buy a better cigarette.
’?'‘>00.000
’^nto the U. S Tt
"'ceMory for the Tc
Week
- ^fie Week’s
new, eom-
AS A SPECIAL lO THE EDS . . . Doivonlors sugge.-^l .sjjori eoiils fur Spi iug (I i.'-i inet i vi foilalde! Impeeeahly .'-.In led for llial well-drcused apjteai anee! i''a s h i o n e d in a ihr.'c-lmllon, .-.iiigle- • hrea'-ted mode, ihe-e jaekel - arc disj.laved in eamelV liair, beige and hhades of In-own. 'T he sivle.- include plain colors af- well as herringhone tweed.'-. I'i'shionahh.‘ .spoil coats are imdeiiiahly llie sogiie and an
asiicl lo any man’s wardridie and ineidenlallv, Easter is less tin
three w('ek.s awav!
’J
DANCE RECITAL TONIGHT 8:00 P. M.
PUBLIC INVITED—ADM. FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 21st BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM
A.LLEN’S 6lli & Ferry
\l
A Standout! Sure of Success!
ft
Crown Lloaniiig Sorvico puls in tlio No. I Class for Pe Appearance.
Crown Laundry
Top of ihe Hill
jCojpyright l$M2, Licorrr & Mirus Todacco Ooh.