^fkf$p€^^% K
I
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette. Indiana, Tuesday, November 9, 1937
NUMBER 49
400 Engineering Seniors Go On Inspection Trips Nearly 400 senior engineering students of the University left Yesterday or will leave this morning on their annual inspection trip of industry, to study the newest methods of production and management as part of their courses. Chemical and metallurgical engineers left Sunday for Detroit to spend four days visiting industrial plapts there. Prof. Lovell, E. C. Miller, and Prof. Serviss are accompanying them. They will return the latter part of the week. There will be no senior classes during the pe-
Sophomores Vie For Supremity In Hanley Declamation Contest Preliminaries for sophomores in the Hanley Speech contest will be held this evening at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University Hall. All speakers must be engineering students and give a five-minute speech on some phase of economics. Finals for the preliminary contest will be held Thursday at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The winner of the preliminaries will receive an engineering handbook. First and second place winners from each class contest will compete in the Hanley finals on March 3. Fifty dollars will go to the winner and 20 dollars will be awarded second place in this contest. Don Smith and Stanley Middleton will represent the freshmen in the finals. Junior and senior debates will be held later. Greve’s Grind Turns To Grins By The Roving Reporter University professors just must have their little jokes. The class was CE 41 (better known as hydraulics), the professor was F. W. Greve of the CE school, and the discussion was on canal locks. Prof. Greve: I see there’s at least one military man in the class. Mr. Glade, if the United States were to send Soldiers to the Far East, how many locks would the ships have to pass through in going across the Suez Canal? Arnold Glade: Fifteen or 20, I think. Prof. Greve: Mr. Wallace, how many locks do you think the ships would have to pass through? Chuck Wallace: Thirty-two. Prof. Greve: You don’t believe in sparing numbers, do you? How many locks do you think there are in the Suez Canal, Mr. Springman? Gil Springman: I don’t know, but I’d guess five or ten. Prof. Greve: Mr. Bellesley, you like to answer questions. How many locks do you think there are? Steve Bellesley: I think a canal like that would have only one or two locks. Prof. Greve (In a slower than usual drawl): Now you are getting down there. There happen to be none . . . now to get back to the discussion . .. Dr. Hildebrand Will Speak At AAUP Dinner Tonight The first of four meetings of the Purdue Chapter of the American Association of University Professors will be held tonight in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Dr. Carroll DeWitt Hildebrand, professor of philosophj|^ at DePauw University, will speak at the dinner upon the jl^topic: “Contemporary Pads in Edu^cation,” The second meeting will be held December 11 when Purdue will be host to the chapters of the state for an all-day session.
riod that the trip lasts. 105 mechanical engineering seniors left this morning for Detroit, and 86 leave for Chicago. Professors Ludy and Miller are in charge of the Chicago trip, which will include Gary, Kenosha, Wis., and Milwaukee, Wis. The Detroit group will spend four days visiting industrial auto and aircraft plants. Professors Jacklin and Clark are in charge of the Detroit trip, which will terminate Saturday night. During the duration of the trip, there will be no senior classes in the mechanical school. According to Prof. G. A. Young, it is the first time that he has missed an inspection trip in 33 years. From the electrical engineering school, 93 left this morning for Gary, Hammond, Milwaukee, and Chicago, where they will visit industries related to their work. No senior classes will be held during the time that the trip is in progress. Professor Ewing, C. W. Caldwell, and Professor Sabbagh will accompany the students. Part of the group will return Friday night, while the remainder will return Saturday evening. Public service seniors left this morning for Chicago to inspect various utility plants in the Chicago area. They will return the latter part of the week. Dean A. A. Poller To Speak Monday In Washington, Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, is booked for two addresses next Monday, the opening day of the meeting of the American Association of Land Grant Colleges £(nid Univer'sities, in Washington, D. C. Dr. Potter, a past president of the or^’anization will snpnk bpfo^p the engineering section on engineering research, and on the place of engineering in land grant institutions.
ASCE Lecturer
Professor R. B. Wiley, civil engineering school head, who will lecture tonight at the ASCE’s open meeting on federal projects he observed on a recent trip to the Atlantic coast.
Barbara Cook Chosen Aquacade Queen For Fieldliouse Carnival Barbara Cook, sophomore science student from Jeffersonville, recently was chosen queen of the Aquacade by a joint committee chosen from Dolphin and Triton clubs. The Aquacade, Dolphin Club’s water carnival, will be given December 4 in the new Fieldhouse pool. Miss Cook has held the Amateur Athletic Union high board. Fall’s City, Southern Indiana, and Indi-ana-Kentcky AAU diving championships, and for three years has been Mid-States champion. As queen she will lead the opening event, a water ballet, preside throughout the rest of the program, and will be featured in a diving number. Claudia Eckert and Don Phillips, Chicago divers and swimmers, will also appear as a part of the 12event show. Initiation, Pledge list Named By TKE Fraternity Tau Kappa Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following list of students: T. L, Canada, Jamestown; C. B. Michael, Pfelton; J. W. Small, G. R. Small, Ambridge, Pa.; J. E.^^Vatson, East St. Louis, 111.; L. L. Wells, Darlington. R. Jones, South Bend, was pledged.
Don Cossack Chorus Sings Before Packed House Of Students^ Faculty
Yellow Slips Descend On Student Body; Average Number Recipients 40 Per Cent
By Don Terrio Like bursting bombshells breaking into local fraternity houses, sorority houses, residence halls, and rooming houses, the sinister “yellow peril” once more descends on the student body this week. This is not a press report of Oriental bombings at Purdue, but a reminder that your mailman is about due to deliver the semi-annual plague of yellow slips, so annoying to students whose marks in the little red books owned by instructors show them to be below passing in one or more subjects. 40 Per Cent Get Them Better than 40 per cent of the student enrollment will receive one or more yellow slips, estimates Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher. If averages taken a few years ago hold true, about 60 per cent of those getting yellow slips will he passing in their delinquent subjects at the end of the semester. The parents of any freshman receiving a yellow slip will also receive a similar white slip explaining his delinquency. Parents of sophomores, juniors, and seniors are not notified unless the student is reported in more than one subject. Registrar Assembles Slips Slips from instructors, white for
freshmen and brown for upperclassmen, are assembled in the regisstrar’s office where delinquency notices are filled out in quintuplicate. A white slip goes to the parents, yellow to the student, pink to the dean of men or women, blue to the school head, and yellow to freshman counselors if the student is a freshman. Each slip records the degree of delinquency and cause. Degrees ai'e X, slightly; Y, seriously; and Z, (Continued on page 4)
Civil Engineering Head Will Speak To local ASCE Group Speaking under the auspices of the American Society of Civil Engineers, Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the .civil engineering school, will address the organization’s smoker tonight in the Union Building at 7:30 o’clock on “Economics of Federal Projects.” Prof. Wiley recently attended a meeting of American and Canadian engineers in Boston, Mass. From this trip to the New England coast he will draw the nucleus of his subject matter. To Describe New Bridge Included in the civil school head’s talk wil be a description of the new Fraser River Bridge in British Columbia. The structure, with an arch of 450 feet, was built in water having a current of eight miles per hour with depths ranging from 30 to 70 feet. Descriptions of the Halifax Port works remodeling and Cobscock Bay tide power project will be taken up at the speaker’s discussion. Entertainment by University students during this, evening’s program include Jerry Ciral, impersonator; Martha Whitehead, singer; Betty and Rufina Sexton, acrobatic dancers and singers; Donald Mueller, tap dancing, and Russell Mock, pianist. ASCE officers invite the public to attend the meeting. Senate And Faculty To Mix At Gathering President E. C. Elliott and other members of the University faculty interested in or connected with the Student Senate have been invited by Senate officials to attend an informal social gathering to be given by the Student Senate in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. The puipose of the meeting, said Dan Rohyan, Student Senate president, is primarily to acquaint new members of the Senate with the faculty. Refreshments will be served during the meeting. Agriculture Staff Will Discuss Methods Tonight A discussion of methods in teaching is planned for the first meeting of the University agricultural staff, tonight at 7:30, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Professors H. G. DeKay, of the school of pharmacy, and B. E. Montgomery, of the school of agriculture, will discuss the work of the committee on instructional standards. They will also explain the practical application of their report recently distributed to the factuly.
By R. J. Deckard Under the versatile generalship of atomic Serge Jaroff, the Don Cossack Chorus delivered a three-part program to University students and faculty last night at the Memorial Gymnasium. The 33 exiled Russians swayed the capacity crowd of 3,000 listeners with an effective opening chorus, followed by religious anthems, rhythmic soldier songs, and Russian native
tunes.
The chorus, dressed in picturesque red and black Cossack uniforms, marched curtly onto the stage at eight o’clock, executed a military face toward the audience, and at the command of Conductor Jaroff, swung into musical numbers characteristic of the emotional but ener-
getic Russian spirit. All Sung In Russian
Sung in the native tongue, the entire program consisted of Russian music. Frequently, following the numbers, the audience echoed the building with applause to which Jaroff responded with his return to the stage to acknowledge the acclamation of the crowd. A novelty encore concluded the evening’s program. , Tall, bearded bass soloist Vasilevsky stole the attention of the audience v^th a deep bass solo in an old church melody from the “Evening Liturgy.” Aiding Vasilevsky with feature numbers, Bolohin, tenor, whistler, sounded off blood-curdling yells, and sang snappy tunes to arouse the laughs of the attentive crowd. Two acrobats danced to the syncopations of the chorus for the last number preceding the encore.
Choir Stays Together
“The choir,” slim tenor Bolohin said in a statement, “is intact all the time. Six months of a year are spent singing in Europe, three in the United States, two on vacation, and one month for rehearsing. The ages of the choir range from 28 to 63 years. Disregarding the sharp contrast in difference of ages, the entire chorus has at one time or another spent part of their life in an
army.”
The troupe le^t the building before the excited wave of enthusiastic fans could sweep down on them for autographs, and drove off to a local hotel for overnight.
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, from noon December 17 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football-game. Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess, Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who jt^absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Lingo Appoinfed To Public Safety Institute Joseph L. Lingo, an employe of the National Safety Council, and a former member of the Delaware State Police Department, has been employed on the staff of the Public Safety Institute of Purdue Univer-
sity.
President E. C. Elliott announced Lingo’s appointment yesterday, and stated that Lingo would give special attention to educational programs dealing with traffic safety. He will work with public safety councils over the state, and will assist local police departments in traffic safety problems. Lingo, who succeeds Lieut. F. M. Kreml of Evanston, 111., is a graduate of St. John’s College and the Northwestern University Traffic Institute. He recently completed a task ih cooperation with Lieut. Kreml in organizing an accident prevention bureau in the Detroit police department. Clare Coolidge Is Hostess To'YWCA In Own Home Clare A. Coolidge, assistant dean of women, was hostess at a YWCA tea at her home last Saturday afternoon. Jane Stout, Indiana president of the YWCA, and Mrs. Olmstbad, state secretary of the organization, were guests of honor. Special guests at the meeting were Mrs. C. B. Aik en, president of the Purdue YWCA advisory board, and the chairman of the interest groups.
Too Much Smoking On Steps Yet Says Senate Committee Considerable smoking on the steps of University buildings in violation of the recently passed regulations, was reported yesterday by the Student Senate committee on campus smoking. Places of most frequent violation are the steps at the rear of Eliza Fowler Hall, Physics Building steps, steps at Purdue Hall, and steps at the east side of the Education Building, the committee reported. A recommendation to close all women’s rest rooms in Stanley Coulter Hall and in the Home Economics Building was turned in by the group. Co-eds have been breaking the rules by smoking in these rest rooms, they stated. The mechanical engineering school was congratulated on its results in eliminating smoking from the steps of its building. Robert Schumacher, PSE ’39, chairman. Max Barrows, EE ’38, Rex Davis, Ag ’3$, Lee Rieth, CE ’38, and Mary Townsend, HE ’39, form the Senate’s committee on
smoking.
Frosh Attack Stiff Senior Whiskers In Fierce Battle By Bob Keck Whiskers, said to be as tough as toothpicks, were torn from the upper lip of George Young, secretary of the Forestry Club, last night. Trouble between Young, and three freshmen, Tex Wright, Mar^ Skonick, and Woodrow Crum, had been brewing for some time. The sore came to a head last night when the frosh seized the poor senior to bewhisker him. Realizing the shearing force necessary to deplete his upper lip, the frosh first tj-ied scis-
sors.
Finding this method unsatisfactory, they resorted to a straightedged razor which also proved ineffective because of the brute strength displayed by Young at the sight of such a weapon. Electric razors also proved futile due to the lack of electricity at the proper place at the right time. However, after a furious battle, in which many blows were exchanged, and some blood shed, the exhausted senior was finally shorn of his pride and joy, by a small, but effective safety
razor.
Kizer To Convalesce At Albuquerque, N.M. Noble Kizer, with his wife and two sons, left yesterday for Albefquerque. New Mexico where Nohe will attempt to regain his health. During Nohe’s leave of absence he has been visiting in Elkhart. Acting coach, Mai Elward, will continue to pilot Purdue’s football team during Kizer’s continued ab-K
THE PUBDOfe EXPONENT
Tuesday# November 9# 1937
the Purdue Exponeiit
Fonnded in 1889
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street ■ Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF . ...... R. P. Manion Editorial Staff
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
MANAGING EDITOR..
...J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS .:D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCI.4.TE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising: Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler National Advertising: Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER... W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR' . Vance . November 9, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR- ....Torrence
For Better Government Service In today’s “Collegiate” column, Miss Cooley tells of select young college men and women from over the country who are in the nation’s Capitol to study government through actual work as “internes” in departments of the administration. These students are sent to Washington by the Institute of Public Affairs. There we have the beginning of a governmentconducted school to train young people for service in its branches. The object of the Institute’s woi’k, however, is not provide government jobs for the internes, but to teach them practical facts of govern- , ment. Training for government service on a much wider basis is the purpose of a bill now being sponsored by Representative Wesley E. Disney, member from Oklahoma. This bill provides for a National Academy of Public Affairs, which will be on a par with the Military Academy, the Naval Academy, and the Coast Guard Academy, in a number of respects. Representative Disney states the objectives of the bill as these : . ■ 1—It provides for the site and buildings necessary and for. future maintenance appropriations.
2— The function of the Academy is to train men and women for government career service, national and international, with Civil Service rating. 3— Its Board of Supervisors would include the Secretaries of State, the Treasury, the Interior, Commerce', Agriculture, and Labor. They w;ould act as a corporate body, establishing and maintaining the Academy. 4— It would be non-sectarian, non-political, and non-partisan. 5— Students would have rights of membership free, and, the Board would provide for living and maintenance.. Students chosen would be between the ages of 17 and 25, and physically fit. Each would have at least two years of resident college work as a prerequisite. 6— The courses of study would be prescribed by the Board of Supervisors, as would the requirements for admission. The system of selection of students would conform, as near as may be, to the present plan of selection for the Military and Naval Academies. For many years England has trained yoimg men for governmental work and that country is justly famous for its civil service system. . Representative Disney's proposal undoubtedly has good points, and we expect to see such a school established in the future. One of the chief enemies of that school or academy, as of our present civil service set-up, will be politics. Politics must be avoided as much as possible.
Any letter to the editor mnat not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and mast be accompanied by the writer’s signature. ^ Unless Otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. Students Should Remain Until End of Convocations Dear Editor: Students who attend Convocations should be prepared to remain until the entire program and its subsequent encores are finished. The attending artists expect, and rightly so, this coprtesy to their ability. It is only through lack of consideration for fellow students that anyone could disturb the program before its conclusion. I hope to see the students make a better impression in the future. Robert Dring, ME ’40.
Another unconventional sight at last night’s convocation was called to our attention. The stars of the United States flag, instead of lying either to the east or north, as prescribed by flag etiquette, were lying towards the west. —The Editor. Get Your Free Pass To Next World War Dear Editor: On page 11 of the Monday, November 1, 1937 Lafayette Journal and Courier there are explained in extraordinary detail the methods by which we can go to see the next war. They hope to enlist 500,000 volunteers during the first 60 days of
hostilities and expand the army of fighting men to the figure 1,500,000 after the fourth month of war. It is not stated whether these other million men are to be volunteers or victims of the draft. Plying squadrons of leading citizens and patriots are to be formed. These patriots are to facilitate the mobilization of men who wish to risk their necks for their beliefs. Two columns to the left we may read of the preparations being made by the United States to protect our Far Eastern territories’which are in what the military experts- foresee as the “theater” of the next war. The program calls for the United States and Great Britain to be lined up against Japan’s southward progress. Since the United States is forbidden by law to lend money to great Britain she may, through the democratic secret conferences of Norman Davis, arrange to help England protect her great Chinese market with the aid of a streamlined mobilization system which will issue fi’ee passes to 1,500,000 able bodied men who want to attend, in person, the “Theater of the Next World War.” Ward Greiner, ChE ’38. Wright Steals A March On Fraternity Group Dear Editor: It seems that the astute, selfstyled politician E. K. Wright has stolen the march on a group of fraternities who stated their position fairly and squarely to him on the issue of the Prom and Gala Week electiohs, as stated in the November 8 issue of the Independent.
New Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. 10 Lessons $6.00 payable, $3.00 on the first lesson, the balance on the third lesson. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Not content with a fair deal, all cards placed on the table and an equitable .representation of unorganized students, he hopes to “sell the unorganized students dovra the river,” because of other political ambitions. I know from what I speakI know that the group of fraternities offered the unorganized students a fair proposition. I know Mr. Wright agreed that to his knowledge it was thus. Let all unorganized students, men and women aike refrain from making a decision until the various candidates are announced. Let all unorganized, free thinking individuals consider your chances of a place on Mr. Wright’s ticket without the official stamp of secret conclave or caucus. ' It will be interesting to note how many unorganized students will be
SQUATTER’S DELIGHT It has always been a custom That schools like old Purdue Should be liberally provided With the. same old ballyhoo. In the form of little tablets In honor of some chum Who discovered relativity Or pepsin chewing gum. Every great inventor since The horse was something new Is fully represented At least I’m told that’s true. But there’s been a great omission Does no one now recall The chum who was the greatest Benefactor of them all? Let us have a tablet Of fourteen carat gold And let it be inscribed In letters clear and bold “Sacred to the memory Of Edgar Joseph Brown.” He’s the guy, remember? Who invented sitting down. ^ —H. F. Hill. “Red the Terrible”,, and “El Vampiro,” two contributors who have been writing in quite frequent of late, take heed: The stuff you send in is lousy. If you’d spend more time getting dirt than telling how much you are going to get, we’d like it better. Dr. Plillips' Book Goes Into Fourth Edition “American Government And Its Problems,” a college textbook, of which Dr. Robert Phillips, of the dep°artment of history, economics, and government, is the author, is now ip its fourth edition since it was first printed last June. Houghton and Mifflin, of Boston, Mass., publishers of the book, recently sent Dr. Phillips a list of the educational institutions which have adopted it. The textbook, besides being used in government 9 and 10 here at the University, has been accepted for class work at Yale, Dartmouth, Princeton, Ohio State, Illinois, Nebraska, Texas, Iowa, Kansas, California, Stanford, Louisiana, and several other schools.
on an opposition ticket where fair play and an earnest desire for a mutual understanding between organized and unorganized students is the basic ideal. A1 Ehlers, ME ’40
H. G. (Deac) REISNER Sells the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes.
OR. CHAPMAN J. MILLING
ai4t BOLL BTNBBT COLUMBIA. B. C.
fboi^Se
Feb. 10, 1937
S. M. Frank & Co., Inc. Hew York, N. Y.
Gentlemen;-
About eighteen months ago I was forced to quit smoking a pipe because the tarry products in the heel kept me chronically nauseated. Too bad, but it couldn't be helped. Ho use feeling miserable every time I fired up. So I stayed off tobacco for over a year. Then one day I saw a few Prank's Medicos in a druggist's showcase, and half-heartedly decided to try one. So many patented filter systems on the market, But I'd risk a dollar on one anyhow,Just in hopes .,. For six happy months, fiow I've been smoking; that Frank's. This afternoon I bought my second one, and have it sending up incense as I write. I want to tell you - In case you don't.already know It - that you're One of the benefactors of society, Lol the poor Indiant Lot Sir Walter Ralelghl Lot everybody who died before you brought out a filter that really works, I'm-.telling my friends by the^ dozen, but not fast enough. You may use my name if you.care to| and add that this letter is absolutely' unsolicited on your part. Very cordially yoursi
^NLY PAT’P flkJEH COMBINING MOISTURE-PROOF CELLOPHANE EXTERIOR AND 66 BAFFLE ABSORBENT MESH SCREEN INTERIOR^ RESULTING IN GREATEST PIPE SMOKING INVENTION EVER KNOWN
FINEST Vl BRIAR ■ MONEY CAN BUY UNHEARD OF VALUE
HEDiCO fUTEIMOOUD
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li
“The public is fickle, gentlemen. We need a neAV disease—they got tired of our last one!”
By Mary Cooley Twenty-eight young coTlege men and nine ypung women fresh from the campus have entered the government service as “internes” to learn about government from actual work in the department. The “internes” are sent to Wash-, ington by the Institute of Public Affairs. They work for Uncle Sam purely for experience, receiving no compensation for their labors. Their expenses are defrayed by the Institute, by fellowships from their colleges and universities and, in some instances, by funds of the “internes” themselves. Next June, after their internships are completed, the students will return to college, enter private industry, or perhaps, become attached to the pay roll as regular government employees. * U. S. Patent No. 2,094,614 just announced, is a process for treating
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW MARTHA RAYE in “HIDAWAY GIRL”
BOB ALLEN in ‘Law of the Range”
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
MbbI PtiMIe IREOL FLYNN
MEN
JOAH BLONDELL HUGH HERBERTi EOW EVERET.T HORTOH • DIgK FORAN ■ BEVERIY ROBERTS Vhay ROBSONlEhniNS
cigarettes to give off red colored, smoke to match blood-red lips, blood red fingernails and blood red toenails ... The inventor says the hue can be optional, so the cigaret vendor at football games may soon exhort: “Smoke your college colors!” ♦ * * ♦ Juraitaka Konoye, the son Of the Japanese premier, has returned to Princeton University to resume his studies, war or no war. He is a senior and is majoring in politics. Re He He He “Although there is a much-lauded American tradition of ‘working one’s way through college,’ the frequency with which students have actually been able to earn their maintenance during the four-year period in which they completed the Bachelor’s Degree is so small that to attempt to do so may .... be considered poor judgment,” says C. L. Murray, registrar of Ball State Teachers’ College.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
DON AMECHE LORETTA YOUNG in “LOVE UNDER FIRE” and JOHN KING RICHARD CROMWELL SLIM SUMMERVILLE in “THE ROAD BACK”
Maid
TODAY—TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
WARNfR MYRNA BAXTIR LOY
A FRANK CAPRA Productioi A comedy romance with a million laughs! —PLUS—
■with ROBERT ARMSTRONG IRENE HERVEY■nippffqppii
Tuesday. Novem^ber 9, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Team Prepares For Wisconsin Tilt
Boilermakers Will Face Rested Badgers In Fourth Conference Game After Bruising Fordham Battip Back from a defeat at the hands of the Fordham Rams, but not discburaged, the Boilermakers resume practice for their fourth Big Ten game of the season with Wisconsin this Sat-
urday.
The Badgers will have had two weeks of rest from the Northwestern game and will be at full strength for Saturday’s tilt. Although given little notice at the start of the season, Stuhldreher’s team has come along fast, being undefeated until it met the rampaging Pitt team. In the Northwestern game Wisconsin came out only one point worse than the Boilermakers, losing 14 to 6.
Past Record
In past years the Badgers have kept Purdue guessing. In 1931 Wisconsin got the jump on a fine Boilermaker team and smothered them by a 21-14 count, before they could get their breath. In 1935,, the lowly Badgers caught the Old Gold and Black off guard and handed them a
8-0 setback,
Purdue has a better team than its record indicates and will be looking for a chance to get up to the .500 mark in the Big Ten standings Saturday. The team has shown scoring power at times, and will be sharpening their axes for the highflying Hoosiers in the following
game.
Badgers Miss Jankowski Although missing the power furnished by Jankowski, crushing fullback on the 1936 team, the Badgers have shown a well rounded attack during the season with no really standout performers. They have no passer to match “Cec” Isbell, but a well coordinated team that can make a lot of trouble for anyone.
Minnesota Leads Big Ten; Ohio State Drops To Second
Minnesota Ohio State Wisconsin
Indiana
Northwestern
Michigan
Purdue Illinois Chicago
Iowa
Big Ten Standings
L
0 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 3 4
W
3 3 2 2 3 3 1 1 0 0
Another week-end of Big Ten contests and of Big Ten upsets has finally simmered the conference race down to the point where only one team is on top—Minnesota. The Gophers although led by Iowa through most of the first half of
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Make
and Every Day a Red Letter Day by Enjoying the various tasty foods served in the Union Cafeteria You are sure to find your fayorites in our large variety of meats, vegetables, salads, fresh fruits and pastries.
fiwvdjujL TTUmifdaL lAjtimL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Pet.
1.000
.750 .667 .667 .600 .600 .333 .333 .000 .000
Annual Walking Race To Be Held Tomorrow On Inframural Field The thirteenth annual walking race will be held tomorrow afternoon on Intramural Field. There are only seven signed up so far, and Chief Clevett would like to have more put. The race will be two and one-half miles in distance—or three times around Intramural Field. All contestants are to report to the Memorial Gym at 4:15 to receive instructions and numbers. The race will be truly a walking race, with any attempts at a dog trot or jog ruled out. The rules state that at no time shall a contestant have both feet off the ground. Awards will be medals, given to the first three finishing. Students may sign up today in the Intramural office—all men on the campus are eligible.
Saturday’s game, came through in the second half with a pass attack that 'finally crushed the Hawkeyes, 35-10. Minnesota will meet Northwestern this Saturday in what will be a revenge game for last year's beating at the hands of the Wildcats. lU Licks Buckeyes Ohio State, undefeated until just last Saturday, came up against an Indiana team that was evidently tired of playing A-1 football in every respect except the scoring department. Bo McMillin’s squad beat the Ohio State team 10-0, to throw the Big Ten race into a three-way tie for second place, with Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Indiana fighting it out. ^ Wisconsin Idle Wisconsin, Purdue’s rivals this Saturday, had an open date last week-end. Illinois downed the Northwestern Wildcats 7-0, in one of the surprise games of the day. Chicago surprised everyone ylhen they almost whipped Michigan, but a Wolverine drive in the last four minutes of play netted the Ann Arbor boys two touchdowns to win 13-12.
Signal Caller
Vincent Gavre, veteran quarterback, who will be the probable starting signal caller for the Wisconsin Badgers Saturday.
Anderson Triumphs In All-Campus Tennis R. W. Anderson defeated J. H. Johnson Saturday afternoon to win the championship in all campus tennis. Anderson received a trophy and Johnson received a medal. The class champions are: Freshman—Powell; Sophomore—Berg; and Junior—Blitz. The championship has not bpen played as yet in the Senior division. The winner will be either Brodsky or Morse, as they are the only two seniors who have yet to play.
Inter-Fraternity Bowling Tonight Triangle vs. Delta Chi at 7 p. m. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu at 7 p. m. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Nu at 9 p. m. ,
fielder’s choice
By J. S. Brown Well, the prophets were right this time about Fordham and Purdue except that none of them foresaw the extent of the damage that the Rams inflicted on the Boilermakers Saturday ... Of course, it’s hard to tell just what was wrong with the Gold and Black attack, but it is quite evident that there was something amiss ... If the boys had been hitting their stride, as, for example, they were in the Northwestern con test, the outcome would have prob ably been quite different. . . —^fc—' The Friday night staff didn’t do so bad in their prognostications of the results of Saturday’s games . . . They batted .500, picking three out of six winners . . . They hit Minnesota, Michigan, and Indiana all right, but they missed on Northwestern, Pitt, and Purdue . . . Too bad the Purdue game didn’t turn out 7-0 with the Boilermakers on top, as they predicted . . . —^fc— Another of the intramural department’s annual events is slated for tomorrow—^the walking race. “Chief” Clevett would like to see a few more out . . . After all, it’s kind of discouraging to go to all the trouble of arranging and running off a contest of this kind, when only seven men turn out . . . And that’s all that have signed up so far. —fc— Harmon Phillips’ cross country squad turned in a fine performance last Saturday against Butler . . . The victory was especially noteworthy, as Phillips used to be the coach at Butler . .. Maybe the Bulldog athletic department wishes they had hung on to Harmon.
Touchball
Today—4:15 >, 1—Ward 4 vs. Ward 5—Boyer. 3—Ward 11 vs. Ward 7X or llA— Caparoso. 5—Ward 12 vs. Ward lOX-^uil-lard. 7—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5— Kerber. 9—Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 1—Smithson.
We Suggest: AtWIL OfL JbdJbA. whitimp
Squash Team Practices For Coming Tilts “Chief” Clevett’s squash team is coming along fast in its practice for the big meets coming along this winter, beginning with two matches at Dayton, O., on November 27. On that day the Boilermakers will open their season with matches with the Dayton YMCA and the officers’ team of the Dayton Air Corps. During the Christmas holidays the boys are planning an eastern trip, with matches at Philadelphia and New York. Most of the eastern meets are as yet tentative and have not been definitely approved. Eastern Bchednle As arrangements stand now, the team will face Pennsylvania and Princeton while at Philadelphia and Colby, Yale, and Harvard while in New York. ^ Many of the men on this year’s team are veterans of last year’s successful campaign. The victory, which the squad is most proud of is the win over an excellent Harvard team in 1936, but they have other fine accomplishments. In the Western Intercollegiate Squash Rackets tournament, they took the top three places, with Lucek, captain of this year’s squad, placing first. First learn Tentative Although the first team has not been definitely set, Lucek will probably play in the number one position, Wakefield number two, Sokolowski three, Lynn four, and either Jackson or Juve, five. In practice the men are plainng challenge matches to try to raise their rating. Some of the men on “B” squad, practicing with the team, may move up to the varsity if they can push out any of the top six. All Campus Golf Match Re-Scheduled For Kov. 15 The final four holes of the Allcampus golf match, which has been postponed because of injuries to Hyman Goldstein, one of the contestants, has been tentatively scheduled for either Monday, November 15, or the following Wednesday, pending weather conditions and the recovery of Goldstein. At the present time Goldstein is leading the other finalist, Bob Hoffer one up.
Women’s Athletics
Eleven co-eds have already signed up to attend tHe annual Field Hocdcey Association Sports Day November 19 and 20 to be held by the University of Chicago WAA. The University WAA has accepted the invitation to bring one or more hockey teams to take part in the two days’ activities. For the first time the meet will be field for two days and teams can take part in the games during part of the period. Veronica Brady, of the women’s physical education department said last night that anyone wanting to go must see her andt sign up in the Women’s Gym beforeNovember 17. Sometime before the girls leave, there will be a meeting to arrange detail^. Hockey WAA hockey class games will be completed this week in preparation for the all-star game between the Gold and Black teams November 16. These teams will be chosen from the class teams which now stand with the sophomores leading the freshmen, juniors and seniors in order. Monday the point standing of all girls taking part in WAA fall sports will be posted in the Gym. Archery Indmdual archery tournaments were played yesterday and will be completed today if the weather is satisfactory. The girls participating are: Mona Balcum, Irene Boehm, Dorothy Bates, Kathrs^ Merritt, Marie Brewer, Mary Lou Goff, and Mary Jane Carr. Aquacade In preparation for the December water carnival which will open the pool in the new Fieldhouse, Triton club members are practicing every Thursday at 7:16 in the old pwl for their part in the aquatic meet. Dolphin Club, men’s swimming honor^ ary, is in charge of the plans.
.6, , Jf ■» “'.is®SM- .'i
n
P’ ' iiv
Iti
V'i 1*-
%•
e|S fe'j;
Im m:
i.» '
THE PURDUE EXk)NENT
Tuesday. November 9, 1937
Yellow Slips Descend(Continued from page 1)
hopelessly. The three most common causes are listed as “lack of preparation/' “inability,” and “lack of study.” Other causes include outside work,” “too many campus activities,” and “poor in mathematics (or some other subject).” Dean Fisher points out that “lack of preparation” may be taken literally in the case of some freshmen, but that for upperclassmen it commonly means that the student has just been lax in his home work. If he has passed in previous courses, he should be adequately prepared. This also often holds true for the “inability” cause. Senior counselors, under the direction of Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel, will each have four or five delinquent freshmen, depending on the freshman’s school. Counselors will have regular conferences with their freshmen and will aid them in whatever way they can.
Batik Expert To Explain Process In Music Room
Savo Radulovitch, batik expert from Montenegro, will explain how to make batik cloths and designs tonight at 7:15 o’clock in the music room. The program also includes his caricaturing members of the audience with charcoal.
“What I am most interested in is observing the American scene,” says the designer and artist, “I’ve been here 16 years becoming acquainted with the everyday life of the American.” Radulovitch lives in St. Louis, Mo. Many of his batiks are on exhibit all this week in the music room, and will be open to visitors all day. He will be available for interviews or discussions about batik making and his depiction of American life.
WB A A Programs
—TODAY— 11:00—^The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders, Alberta Thelen, Margaret
Jones.
11:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnitz, popular
pianist.
12:45—Jo Friend. 1:00—Journalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee, 1:15—Electrical Shop, Prof. G.
C. Blalock.
1:30—Birth of the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. » 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—Metal Shops, Prof. J. D.
Hoffman.
2:30—You and Your Child,
James Maddox.
-Treasure Chest, John
Dietrich.
-British Isles Talk.
3:15—Ivah Swaynie, soprano.
3:30—Melody Review.
3:45—The Question Man. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Ivah Gruver Price, Twi-
light Melodies.
4:30—-Campus Customs, Indi-
ana State.
4:45—Jane Robinson, popular
melodies.
2:45-
3:00-
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—White flexible bracelet in vicinity of Fowler Hotel. Reward. Phone Walter Fusiek. 5290.
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTffS
Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Denial Clinic DK. PAUL A. BISK DK.HABOLOJ.BI8K DK.KOBEBTG.KISK BK. LUTHBB A. RISK 4th & Main Phone S701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
ll9Vt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. On>oeite Post Office
Photography
Scobee^s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPEEB HDW. 822 MAIN
Shoe Repair —-
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith —
“C” CARTER
for
Kefs — Locke — General RepairinK Bicrele Rentala and Repaiitnv Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main. W. L.
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flotvert Main at 7th Phone 6050
eXARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY • • Moat exciusire assortment of eorsages available to Par4no Stndenta. 527 Main Phone 54S2
Dine
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Read
Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Mcdn and Sixth Sta.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 81 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in rpdm 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Freshmen Basketball Squad: The following men report for freshman basketball Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, 3 p. m. to 6 p. m. All other candidates will report for trial Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Bausman, Bosse, Brough, Brinkerhoff, Chalnberlain, Cramer, Coplen, Gilliam, Hertzing, Hardy, Igney, Minney, Partridge, Pauline, Rechenbach. Richards, Reeder, Rohrbough, Rieth, Stallings, Swartz, and Witsman. —LAMBERT.
Chess Players: Everyone interested In playing competitive chess attend Chess Club meeting November 9 in the game room of the Union. —BELLINGER.
Playshop: Stage crew now working on flats for “Hell-Bent Fer Heaven,”, every night in the Union sub-basement. ' -i-BRENMAN.
Alpha Lambda Delta: New members pay dues not later than November 10. Pins are $3.50 extra. Leave money at the Union desk for Janette Morris. —MORRIS.
Phi Mu: Meeting is postponed until November 10 at 7 o’clock in the Union. —GAYLORD.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal November 10 at 7 p. m. in Music Room of Memorial Union Building. —PHILLIPS.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting November 10 at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —MILLER.
Purdue Engineer: All staff workers engaged in sales and all juniors and sophomore editorial workers report to the Engineer office, November 9, at 7:30 p. m. sharp. —GILBERT.
WAA Riflery: Practice November 9 at 6 :16, Ward 2 ; at 7:00 o’clock. Alpha Xij
at 7 :4B, WRH-South ; at 8:30, Alpha Chi. —CHRISTENSON.
Scrivener: Meeting November 9 at 8 p. m. at 816 North Grant street.. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Faculty-Student Relations Committee: Anyone interested in working on facultystudent relations committee meet in WSGA office at 4 p. m. November 9. —HAMILTON.
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet: Meeting in room A of the Union, November 10 at 7 :30 p. m. —CRISS.
Military Softball Teams: The eight ranking teams in the intra-battery softball tournament will be announced in the Exponent November 10. —KURTZ.
Debris: Meeting of all sophomores on the sales staff at 4 p. m. November 9 in the
Debris office to make out file cards. \ —SIEBENTHAL.
PIA: All members interested in debating meet in. the PIA office at 6:46 p. m. November 9. —CLEVENGER.
PIA Orchestra: Practice November 9 at 7 p. m. in the tower room of Memorial Union Building. V —SHINN.
Student Senate: Correspondence committee will meet in the Senate office November 9 at 4 p. m. —MONTFORT.
Student Senate: Organization committee will meet in the Senate office November 9 at 4 p. m. —SCHUMACHER.
Poultry Club: Meeting November 10 at 7:30 p. m. in the Poultry Building. There will be an election held for officers for the 1938 Baby Chick and Egg show. All per-
sons interested ure urged to be present. Short-course members are welcome. —JONES.
WAA Archery: Practice at 4 p. «n. November 9. —BOEHM.
YWCA Literature Group: Meeting in the YWCA office November 9, at 4 p. m. LEAMING.
WSGA Executive Board: Plans for festival day will be discussed with the faculty board at 7 p. m. November 10 in the WSGA office. —STEWART.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting November 10, at 7:46 in the WSGA office. —STEWART.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Beauty without Extravagance!
Crown Cleaning brings out the beauty of garments ...
Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
r I N E
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WiST LAFAYETTE OFFICE^TOP OF THE HILL
E S
Anmmysteiytmd...
I T WAS Christmas Eve when they found him crumpled there on the library floor, his eyes fixed on the ceiling, in that house of hate. They wanted him dead, yet one foolish mistake was to betray the guilty one... A fascinating murder riddle is solved by Colonel Primrose, in this new novel by the author of “111 Met by Moonlight.” Start it today in your copy of the Post.
LESLIE FORD
Author of ILL MET BY MOONUGHT Begins in this week’s issue of
^/m
HUMOR Do you know the fine art of enjoying yourself in the Army? See author-humorist William Hazlett Upson’s Advice to Privates in Future Wars. . .And read Over the Hill to the Doghouse, the troubles of Detective Nosy Kelso, by Forbes Parkhill. ROMANCE What’s a young bachelor to do when he brings home a lovely blonde for dinner, and his cook strikes? A short story. Strike Two by Sophie Kerr. * ADVENTURE The Fear, a story of voodoo in Trinidad, by William C. White... Ouf of Control, roaring trucks on Dead Man’s Hill, by William Edward Hayes. FOOTBALL Francis Wallace’s new novel, Razzle-Dazzle, high-pres-sure football and college love. Second of four parts. WAR DIARY \«vid pages of bitter hand-to-hand combat just before the Armistice, “to keep the General happy.” Read The Last Kilometer by Jack Ausland. ’ NEWS James E. Boyle’'tells why milk is so high, in The Battle of Milk... and Senator Arthur Capper gives you some new tariff ideas in Good Old Neighbor Sam. PEOPLE Meet Senator Burton K. Wheeler of Montana in President Tamer, by Alva Johnston, author of The Great Goldwyn, CARTOONS Poems, pages of fun, editorials, out this week. ^
14^
lit