Exponent
Tuesday. FebniOKy im
olverines 25 -17
GdV Ohio StdtC Spcsks ft^amer Club Fisher Heads Scoring With 9 J ... athletic boosters honoraiy for W , independent men, elected twenty ^ m ■ M M 9 S # AtHoofAndHornsDinner ^ Points; Rae Leads Michigan
Dr. Carl W. Gay, head of the animal husbandry department of Ohio State University, addressed the Hoof and Horn Club, animal husbandry honorary along with guests and short course students, last night in the Home Economics building. Speaking on “Beef Cattle” Dr. Gay commented that for better beef markets and larger consumption “we must become nieat conscious” and stimulate such^action by “talking up the product.” Stanley HUrSt, president Of Hoof
Contrast Show Now lnMusi(Room;Oils, G. Switzer Coming Union’s Contrast Show, currently on exhibit in the Music Room, is only one feature of an attractive program scheduled for the coming four weeks. The ShoW consists of forty to fifty paintings. Many of them portray similar subjects, but are done in the style of different periods, thus presenting a comparison of the evolution of art in the time covered by these paintings. Paintings, Pictures, Soap Polldwing this exhibit, which will continue until February 26,1a group of original oils by Donald P. Witherstine, Provincetown, Massachusetts, has been scheduled for display from the 27th till March 9, also in the Music Room. Camera Club will stage an exhibit from March 10th to 20th following the removal of the Witherstine oils. Commencing March 6, a National Soap Sculpture Show will be held in the new Puttering Room in the Union sub-basement. This show will continue until March 19. Noted Designer Coming Last feature of the current series of programs will be the Industrial Arts Design Show from March 4th to 18th in the east and west reception rooms of the Union. In conjunction with this Design Show, Mr. George Switzer, recognized as one of the country’s foremost design engineers, will speak to University students, faculty, and interested townspeople on the subject of industrial design. Switzer, a Hoosier from Plymouth, studied at the University of Illinois. As an equipment designer for Studebaker, Wonderbread, and Hormel Meat Packing Company, his designs have established his success in this field. The exact time and place of his lecture will be announced later. YWCA Will Sponsor Music Talk By Stewari Tomorrow YWCA is sj)onsoring a music ap-pl-eciation lecture in the Music Room of the Memorial Union at 4 o’clock Wednesday, February 21. A. P. Stewart, director of the men’s glee club, is the speaker and his topic for discussion is the subject “How a college student can begin to develop an appreciation of music.” Because Mr. Stewart’s interests in the music world are varied, his opinions should be valuable to the student body. Everybody—co-eds and eds—is invited to attend this unusually interesting meeting. Bernadette Dygert is in charge of airangements for this lecture. Sororities Choose Nine For Discussion Finals Semi-final round of the intrfimurdiscussion tournament will be held this evening at 7:30 in the Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Ghmma houses. The top ranking three persons from each discussion will be eligible for participation in the final round of the tournament to be held in Fowler Hall sometime next week.
and Horn, acted as toastmaster and gave a brief summary of the “Knighting of the Loin” performed by Charles II in 1672 when for the first time the choice cut of beef was called the sirloin. Last night the 169 present consumed 178 pouunds of the prime beef that had been raised, slaughtered, and carved by the University. Guests from the Ag school included: Dean Emeritus Skinner, Dean Harry J. Reed, of the school of agriculture; Prof. T. A. Coleman, associate director of the agricultdre experiment station; Warren McVey, W. V. Lambert, Prof. J. T. Frost and Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, who introduced the speaker of the evening. At the speaker’s table were the ofBcers of the sponsoring club. President Hurst; Joe A, Cooper, Vice president; Gerald Glodfelter, secretary, and Charles Schmidt, treasurer. This is the seventh such banquet to be held on the campus. Frosh Forensic Team Travels To Manchester Freshman debate team will journey to Manchester College this week for an all-state debate tourney which will be held Friday and Saturday. Schools from all parts of the state will participate in this meet at which the topic of discussion will be “Isolation as a WarTime Policy for the United States.” Mr. Robert King, debate coach, plans to take six men on this trip which is one of the biggest of the year. Stunt Night Winners Wilt Receive Plaque Tickets for Co-ed Capers, YWCA stunt night to be held next Saturday night in the ballroom from 7 to 8 p. m., can now be purchased at the Union desk or from YWCA members. The program will consist of short skits presented by groups representing the Women’s Residence Halls and organized Co-ed houses. The skits will be judged and the winning group will be awarded a plaque, donated by the Decker Company of Lafayette. YWCA is sponsoring the show to raise funds to send delegates to the YWCA College Conference Camp at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin next summer. ASME Slated Foriedure On Marine Engineering Speaking on “Marine Engineering,” Dean Ford Lee Wilkinson, Jr., head of engineering school at the University of Louisville, will address an open meeting of the university student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers which will be held tomorrow evening at 7:30 p. m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Dean Wilkinson, an Annapolis graduate, served as a commissioned officer in the Navy from 1917 until 1927, when he entered the comrn^cial field as a sales engineer. \ In addition to Wilkinson’s address the evening will include a technicolor film on “Modem Plastics.”
. athletic boosters honorary for independent men, elected twenty pledges, all juniors, at their meeting last night. They are: W. D. Archibald, L. E. Aull, G. H. Doherty, D. R. Faut, B. W. Gibson, G. S. Griffin, J. W. Hudson^ W. D. Knepper, E. G. Matthews, C. H. Meyers, B. H. Morgan, C. Palmer, R. Payne, C. H. Rechenbach, I. H. Selkowitz, H. Shaefer, IVf. H. Smith, L. V. Teeter, J. C. Willsey,
and J. E. Wunderley.
These pledges will meet today at 4 p. m. in room 212 of the Union
building.
Varsity Production Application Deadline Set For Thursday Petitions for managerial positions on Varsity Show are due Thursday, February 22. They should include the name, address, telephone number, positions applied for, and personal qualifications of the petitioner and be placed in a box on the west Union desk. A 3.6 scholastic index is necessary for anyone wishing to apply for this type of work. The positions open are as follows: dance director, rehearsal assistant for cast, prompter, rehearsal assistant for voices, librarian for vocal music, librarian for orchestral music, rehearsal assistant for orchestra, business manager, ticket and sales manager, house manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press agent, stage manager, assistant stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, makeup artist, and head ac-
companist.
An interview with each applicant by the electoral board will aid in choosing the students with the best qualifications. Announcements of the time of interviews will be made before Thursday, February 22. Burglar Enters SPE House, Takes $35, Fraternity Pin Entering in the early morning hours, a prowler yesterday removed approximately 35 dollar^, a fountain pen, and a fraterpity pip fro^ the Sigma Phi Epsilon house. When questioned as to how the burglar entered, one member stated that the doors were never locked. He also explained that several members of the house were up late studying, but had heard nothing.
Graham Jumps Bond James Graham, 26, of LipQoln Nebraska, who Was captured by summer-session students while entering the Kappa Si:giua house last July 13, failed to appear for trial Monday. The 1,006 dollar bond he had offered for bail was confiscated by the state. Graham is now a fugitive from justice. Mrs. W. McFadden Speaks Tonig|)t At Wesley Service Mrs. William McFadden will speak this evening at 7\ o’clock at the Methodist Church for the third service in a series sponsored by the Wesley Foundation. Her subject will be “What is Life All About.” Charles Fearnot will act as chairman of the meeting. This service is one of several being conducted this week in observance of Christian Living Week, sponsored by the local Wesley Foimdation. Rev, Merrill of the I. U. Wesley Foundation spoke at the service last night on the subject “Our Daily Bread.” Tomorrow evening, Dan West, national peace secretary of the Church of the Brethren, will discuss “The Sword or the Cross.”
Ann Arbor, Mich.,—(Special)—^Michigan pushed the Boilermakers to the limit here tonight, never permitting the gold and black to pile up more than an eight-point lead and holding them to their lowest score of the year, but finally succumbed 25-17 in a torrid fracas before 5,000 rabid Wolverine supporters. It was one of the slowest first halves of the year for the Riveters, who were only able to end the period with a three-pbint edge, built up by the sparkling play of Mickey Tierney and Dan Fisher. Fred Beretta continued his stalwart defensive play, but was forced to leave the game on fouls with three minutes left to go, and was soon followed to the showers by Captain Jim Rae, who lead the scoring for Michigan. Tierney played all over the floor, frequently avoiding danger by spectacular passes and sudden pivots, faking his opponent out of position. After going ahead 8-3 in the first h^ the home quintet slowly gave ground, and the Boilermakers gradually pulled away. Danny Fisher’s five free throws, along with his two baskets, were enough to give him scoring honors.
LAST NIGHT’S RESULTS Purdue, 25; Michigan, 17. Chicago, 35; Minnesota, 32. Illinois, 37; Wisconsin, 35. Indiana, 46; Iowa, 42. Ohio State, 58; Northwestern, 52. WSGAHolds Frosh Elections Thursday At Group Assembly Elections for two freshmen WSGA representatives will be held during the mass meeting on Thursday, February 29, at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Any freshman co-ed is eligible for candidacy in these elections provided she has obtained the signatures of 25 freshmen women and turned them in to Ann Sickman, WRH South, by 11 p. m. on Sunday, February 25. Each petition should read, “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board for the second semester of the year 1939-40.” Any candidate who participated in the first semester elections may also petition for the second semester. Any freshman coed who has presented her passport at the meeting may vote at the election^. The WSGA-YWCA Charm School will follow these, elections. Professor Robert Horn of the speech department will discuss the aspects of business intetviewing. 'MoreEtflclency' Is Pledge Of Union Workshop Group By Ted Novey More efficiency is the promise of the workers in the new Union workshop. The shop, which makes all the signs, backdrops, and band fronts for the ballroom decoration, has just moved ^^to its new location in the sub-basement in the wing just opened in the Union. The workshop moved from its former location, the puttering room in the Tower room, and now has much jnore room in which to work. At present the shop is working on backdrops for the Jefferson Hop, the Scabbard and Blade dance, and the regular Saturday night mixer. Also they are making picture stands and mounts for the coming Camera Club exhibit. 30 Workers No poster colors are used at all. The materials utilized include oil colors, cloth, cardboard and if necessary wood for frames. Over 30 students work in the shop. It is superintended by sophomore workers. Sophomores working regularly include Gerry Vap Biema, Carl 'l^el, Gerry Nothman, Harold Knight, Bill Hephtim, Chuck Brandt, Douglas McDaniels, and Boscoe Starek.
Both teams seemed to be troubled with the problem of keeping the ball from rolling off the hoop, with the Boilermakers having a little more luck in Hiis respect. Nine of Purdue’s 49 shots were good for two points while only 7 of the 61 shots for Michigan found their way through the hoop. On foul shots the statistics also reveal that the hoop was really playing hard to get as the home club only made 3 of 18 so-called charity tosses while the gold and black cashed in on 7 of 14 attempts from the foul line, and took the ball out of bounds on three occasions during the final minutes of plhy instead of taking the shot. Lead by Rae, who sank his first two tries at the basket, the Wolverines threw a scare into the Boilermakers and gave themselves the lead through most of the first half, but Tierney and Fisher teamed up to give Purdue the lead in the waning minutes of the period. Michigan also managed to pull up on shots by Brogan and Pink until they cut the conference leaders’ margin to five points with about seven minutes to play, but Fisher and Blanken scored last minute goal^ to cinch the contest and advance the Boilermakers one step nearer the Big Ten title. As Indiana also won last night, downing Iowa by a 46-42 count, they nre still close on the trail of the league-leading Riveter aggregation. These two teams will meet here on March" 2 in a game that seems certain to be a deciding factor in determining this year’s Big Ten basketball champions.
BIG TEN STANDINGS W. L. Purdue 7 Indiana 6 Ohio State 5 Illinois 5 Northwestern 4
Michigan Iowa Minnesota Wisconsin Chicago
Pet. .875 .750 .625 .625 .500 .500 .375 .375 .250 .125
The summary: PURDUE
B F P
Blanken, f 2 0 1 Beretta, f 12 4 Fisher, c 2 5 1 Tierney, g. 3-^0 1 Yeager, g 10 3 Vernon, g 0 0 1 Igney, f 0 0 2 Totals’ ... .’. 9 7 13
«MICHIGAN
B F P
Ruehle, f. 0 0 3 Sofiak, f 0 0 2 Rae, c 3 14 Brogan, g Ill Pink, g ., 2 12 Wood, f 10 1 partmill, c 0 0 0 Grisson, g 0 0 0 Totals 7 3 13
Freshmen
... who are interested in journalistic work, but were unable to attend the call-out for Exponent workers held last week, are urged to contact G. W. Frederick, managing editor, at their earliest possible convenience.
Thaeles
. . . local sorority' announces the pledging of Helen Newmark, Attica, and Hedwig Remak, Berlin, Germany.
A. F. Marsh Speaks At Tonight's Meeting Of Forestry Ciub Tonight at 7:30, in the auditorium of the Horticulture building, A. Fletcher Marsh, president of the Marsh Truman Lumber Company of Chicago, will address members of the University Forestry Club on “The Romance of the Lumber Industry.” Marsh, a graduate of Biltmore Forest School, received his master degree at Yale in 1911. During the World War he served with the 90th Spruce production division in the Pacific Northwest, turning out spruce for airplane propellors. Since the war Marsh has served on various Government commissions and boards. ' . The meeting, while primarily for forestry students and club members, is open to the general public. Hutchinson Will Tell Of New Metal Finish The student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will hold an open meeting Thursday evening, February 22, at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. The main speaker will be J. M. Hutchinson of the Chrysler Corporation laboratories. His topic will deal with the new finish for metal surfaces known as “Superfinish.” This new type of finish is used on bearing surfaces, cylinder walls, and similar places. The address should be of particulardnterest to engineering students since the new method of finishing^ metals makes it possible to have closer fitting surfaces, and shortens the time required for breaking in new engines. All students are invited to attend. Dr. J. A. Hall . . . will be the principal speaker at the February “Ag” staff luncheon to be held Monday noon, February 26 in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Building. Dr. Hall is a native Orange Counigf, Indiana and is now director of the Central States Forest Experiment Station at CohnnH bus, Ohio. He will address the groop on the subject “Wood in a Chenffeal World.” J. L. Van Camp, extension forester, is head of ^ eonh mittee in cheirge of ama^innata.r *
*t^
THE FUBDT]E EXPON^
Tuesday# Februdxy 20y 1940
£ihah,£ditL.
BjHankHllter
Tirhe was when anyone past high school age wouldn’t admit that he or she listened to a radio drama. Tliey were supposed to be “kid stuff” and it was beneath the dignity of anyone in college or older to listen to them. Times have changed since then and outside of a few dramatic shows between 4 and 7 in the evening that are written particularly for children, most of the dramas on the air draw most of their audience from the older generation. For example, man;]^ are the middle aged working men who wouldn’t miss a Lone Ranger drama any more than they would miss a meal. One dramati-
zation in parlie* alar is full of blood and thunder but in a rather “sophisticated” manner and it makes good exdting listening for anyone. The show is “Kg Town,” starring Edward G. Rob inson as Steve Wilson, and Ona
Munson as Lorelei, Steve’s assistant. It is heard tonight at 7 on
WBBM.
Ona Munson
Another drama that has a very high rating is Cavalcade of America which presents outstanding events in American history. Aired tonight at 8 on WENR, Ethel Barrymore will play the role of Anne Royal!, newspaper woman of 1829.
' “That’s what I keep telling them down at the office . .. but they just say ... we know, we know.” That is one of the many sayings that has become a national humor saying that has originated from Prof. Jerry Colona of the Bob Hope Show heard tonight at 9 p. m. on WMAQ, The show also features a hilarious comedy team of Brenda and Cobina, two old maids on the search of “men.”'They have just been signed to play the part of two Oklahoma oil heiresses who try to transform themselves into Hollywood glamour girls in the coming production “A Night At Earl CaroU’s.”
WBAA
Tuesday, February 20, 1940 11:00—^The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30—^The Home Makers 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 12:30—^Limcheon Dance Time 12:46—^Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—^Electrical Shops 1:30—^Keeping Ahead of the Joneses 1:46—^Markets 2:00—Conununity Program 2:16—Magic Carpet 2:30—^You and Your Child 2:46—^Treasure Chest 8:00—^Music Appreciation 8:30—Current History 4:00—The Wonder of Vision 4:16—^Exponent of the Air 4:48->Story Book Hour
THE
By G. van Biema MOMENT IN PEKING
“The more we work, the more mistakes we make. Plenty of work: plenty of mistakes—no work: no mistakes. So why work?” That, you think, might be one of the sayings of the noysr-so-famous Confucius. Sorry, you are wrong on that one. Not so bad a guess, though: it’s a paragraph taken from a recent book of Lin Yutang, another famous Chinese and serves to describe the attitude of the former Imperial Chinese officials towards their daily tasks. “Moment in Peking”, (that’s the name of the novel), is, however, not just a collection of funny Chinese sayings but a rather serious work of the famous contemporary author. The “backbone” of the novel is the biography of Mulan Yao, a rather pretty and sensible girl with a sound education. But things are not as simple as that: in order to tell us the story of his heroine the author gives us the history of her family, her husband’s family and her sister’s husband’s family for the past half century. —^You see, “family” used to be all-important in China.
As the last fifty years of Chinese history probably were politically about as eventful as the preceding two centuries taken together, you can by now recognize the scope of the Work which Lin Yutang undertook to write. It can very well be compared to those of such masters of description as Galsworthy or Thomas Mann.
Here is an interesting item. The Louis-Godoy prizefight was broadcast to Latin-American countries by two Spanish speaking announcers through WRCA and WNBI, two short wave transmitters . . . Seventy-one Latin-American stations applied for and received permission to re-broadcast the fight. In a week after the fight, NBC’s International Division received 1,407 letters regarding the fight with 649 coming in in one day. A station manager in Puerto Rico conducted a survey and reported that practically every set on the island was turned to the fight.
The surprising thing is that once you start reading the book you are not at all likely to get bored and give up, in spite of it’s 800 pages. It proves the great penmanship of the author that he can keep his readers fascinated up to the last sentence. The characters are human and appealing, and the change of the tranquil, cultured Chinese people of the past centuries to the determined, modern, and “civilized” nation which it is today is ^elated to us in a really unique mahner. For example, just imagine a father being afraid of a pocketwatch made by the “foreign devils” — and his son operating a wireless set for the Chinese Army a few decades later. If you have some spare time— and we all have—go to the Browsing Room and start reading this really worth-while book. And don’t be sui^prised if someone should suddenly turn the lights out on you; that means it’s 11:30 p. m. and time to go home!
Personnd Notes
Recent surveys show that LatinAmericans listen to programs eminating from the U. S., such as the prize fights and popular music, 2 to 1 over propaganda broadcasts from Europe.
73’s for today and pleasant listening.
Mai If
TODAY - TOMORROW -6 UNIT HIT SHOW-
NOW YOU CAN SEE HIM ON THE SCREEN!
Radioes . famous character
wflh DOROTHY LOVETT ftOPERUALOWIN
March of time's ''Finland"
DONALD DUCK CARTOON
—^"INFORMATION PLEASE'
#5—"TALENT AUCTION'
#6—PATHE NEWS
Job Seekers
... will hear W. R. Allen, director of personnel of L. S. Ayres and Co., Indianapolis, speak at 6 o’clock this afternoon in the lecture room of the EE building. His subject will be f'How to Write Letters of Application.” All students who are interested, especially members of this year’s senior class, ark invited to attend.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Christian Science Organization: Begular meeting will be held in room 808 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, Febmary 20. (2-20) —KNIPP.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting in room A of the Union Tuesday, February 20, at 6 p. m. All memb&s are required to attend. —MITCHELL.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. Please he there. —ESTEY.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7:1B p. m. Tuesday, February 20, in room 30B of the Union. —CORNELL.
Military Ball Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21. 4:15 p. m. in the Armory. \ —BUTTERFIELD.
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting in Reception Room Tuesday, February 20, 7 p m Be there. —BELLES.
Inter-fraternity Rifle: Meets begin Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m and continue for a week. Range open every day from 8 to 6:80 p. m Teams get targets from range officer. (2-21) —SMITH.
Junior and Senior Dance Clubs: Meeting scheduled for Monday, February 19, postponed until Wednesday, February 21. —KNIGHT.
Flying Club: Sixty cent expense fee from e^h member planning to attend the initiation “steak fry” Saturday, February 24 is due now. Pay to Littlefield or Habicht in the sweet shop any afternoon this week between 4 and B p. m. Thursday, February 22, is the absolute deadline. —HABICHT.
Gimlet: Initiation night, February 22.
PIA Dance Class: There will be an organization meeting of the class in room 304, the former Engineer office, in the Union, at 7:30 p. m, Wednesday, February 21, All who have registered are urged to at-
COMPANY: The Dow Chemical Company, Midland, Michigan. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. S. L. Starks, director of technical employment, VISITING PURDUE; February 27th. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in Chemical, Mechanical, and Electrical Engineering Schools and Science Seniors majoring in Chemistry. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school for consideration.
PHONES 6915—6914
fiONE winnu
Open 9:30 a. m.—Continuous 75c Incl. Tax—Ho Seats Reserved
Come Anytime Until 2:30 p. m. And See a Complete Show
Eve. 8:00 p.m. All Seats Reserved $1.1 0 Incl. Tax
LAFAYETTE
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
^7tUiu&4 tH MIUIONS
-AND —
RANMll
A MONOGHAM PICTURE
miFTim wifTma,
tend. There are Btill some openings in the class, registration for which can be made in the PIA office any afternoon or at the meeting Wednesday. —LUTZ.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting between 4 and B Tuesday, February 20, in YWCA office to get tickets to sell for Coed Capers —BRYANT,
T & IE Students: Banquet scheduled for Thursday, February 22, has been pqebponed until Wednesday, February 29. —PRICE.
Purdue Sports Women: Important meeting Tuesday, February 20, at S p. m. in WAA office. —MATHER.
Mortar Board: Meeting at 6:80 Tuesday, February 20, at Chestnut Room for dinner meeting. —SAURER,
WAA Riflery: A list of class team members and class schedules is posted on the bulletin board of the Women's Gym. The tournaments are Tuesday, February *20; Thursday, February 22; and Tuesday, Feb»ruary 27; shooting from 7 to 8:80 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. —HARRISON.
Battery C3 Freshmen: There will be a practice session for volunteers for basketball Wednesday, February 21, at 8 p. m. on court 33 at the Fieldhouse. Please attend. —GALE.
AU Star Volley-ball: Gold and Black teams will play Tuesday, February 20, at 4 I), m. Gold team members are Clymer, captain : R. Walker, Stears, Schroeder, McKnlght, Kirkhoff, Kendall, Jones, Stevens, Blank. Black team members are Stickler, captain; G. Walker, Morris. Spry, Metzger, Ijse, Ade, Chatfield, Buergler. Those on all star team must get uniforms from gym before Tuesday at 4 p. m. —MORRIS.
Students and Faculty: Christian Living Week Service Tuesday, February 22, at 7 p. m at West Side Methodist Church. Mrs. McFadden will speak. -PIERCE.
Triton Club: Important meeting Tuesday, February 20, at 7 p. m. in women’s swimming pool. —SPEARS.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Dairy Students: Dairy club meeting Tuesday, February 20 at 7:1B p. m. in room 112 of Smith Hall. Banquet plans and movie on “Modern Mexico.” —RALSTON-
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 20, at 7 .30 p m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building. P. H. Reedy will be the speaker —PITCHER.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting of the Agriculturist business staff at 4 p. m Tuesday, February 20, in the Agriculturist office. Bring ads. —WITHAM.
English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m in room 201 of the Education building. -MILLER.
Union Freshmen: All staff assignments are posted on bulletin board in Union office —BEUBECK (2-24)
WSGA Counselors: All who received notices please call for your counselor’s notebook (2-24) —COLLOCH.
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of tickets for Illinois basketball game. First to give me their mpney at the initiation, Thursday, February 22, get them. —PERRIN.
WAA Basketball: Schedule for Tuesday, February 20: 4 p. m —South Hall team vs Pi Phi, Chi Omega vs West Hall team 1; 5 p. m.-—North Hall team 1 vs Phi Mu; Kappa vs Alpha Xi. —BRITTON.
Engineer workers: Bard, Gerke, Hyman, Neuman, and Plummer report to Engineer office at 4 p m., Tuesday, February 20 —LANTZ.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committee will meet in the Union office on Wednesday, February 21, at 4 p. m. Those expected are: Kenworthy, Conham, Tafel, Young, Speith, Stackey, Beard, Kirkpatrick, Crais, Avery, Sacksteder, Diehl and Serv-
—HULS, BENNETT.
Ceres: Regular meeting 'Tuesday, February 20, at 7 p. m. in the old Agriculturist
banquet Thursday —FRAZEE.
hiJkDS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
AmODY CAN • But
Iiffniljnui • AlaoHalt • FrankUcUgEli • OgmiisIlMtu • RtkFona
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
The gay . . . intriguing . . . highly romantie answer to
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uchly
i'
‘The (ioctor gave me the most marvelous reducing diet today—a European ration card!”
office, in the Union Theie will be a speaker. —BRUNK.
FOB RENT
Classified Ads
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 75634.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 651,451 to owner or to Union Lost and Found. No questions. Reward.
LOST—Beni exposure meter in Sweet Shop on February 1st. Please call 41652 or return to Union Lost and Found.
FOB SALE
FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New porteble machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Lost—Post slide rule case. Initials R. J. Kotfila. Call 2759 between 6:30 and 7:00.
Lost—Lady’s wine purse at Purdue-Illin-ois basketball game Saturday night. Finder please call 81552. Reward.
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m.
Study Under a Nationally Known en Graduate
Instructor—P. M. Allen < Chalif Russian School N. Y. City President of Chicago Ass'n of Dancing Masters Past Five Yean.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens Thurs. Feb. 29tii
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANONG SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• ProfestioiMl
• Sebooi Suppliea
Risk Dental Clinic OR. RAUL A. RISK OR. LUmER A. RISK OR. HAROLO J. RISK 4th A Main Phone 5701
"DEAC' Everything for a College Education
e Dine
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE Sc
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
e Florists
522 Main St. Phone 4731 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualily Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
e Tailor
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Ste.
• Jewelen
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
'f
I ^
MWTuesday, February 20# 1940
£xpomjnL fiaqiL
f n
Iowa-Northwestern Invasion Spring Practice
Riveter TrKkmen Prepare For GoWTeam Begins Winter Spoits Teams Fate Busy We^k
ISHAA Swimming Meet, Wrestling M^eb, Track Meet In Fieldhouse Saturday With a full card for the five Boilermaker winter sports squads, supplemented by the annual Indiana State High Sk^hool Swimming Championships to be held here Saturday, the Riveter athletic front will be again seething with activity during
the latter part of the coming week. The complete week^s schedule is
Iowa thinlies. along with the Wildcat track squad from up in Evanston, invade Purdue’s Fieldhouse at 2:00 p. m. this coming Saturday afternoon, in what promises to be one of the hottest track contests seen in the midwest since the opening of the cur,rent season, according to Boilermaker track mentor Phillips. At least two indoor records will be on the fire, with Ed Holderman, ace Riveter distance man, shooting to break his own record, of 4:22 for the mile, shattered several times in practice.
Cajptain Red Shackleton will be battling with sbphomore Paul Anthony for the privilege of taking the quarter-mile event, while at the same time cracking the present mark of 51.5 seconds. Shackleton and Anthony have both been shaving the present mark in practice, each having made the distance in 50.5 seconds; a time mark which J)oth boys are expected to hit, with the hot competition the Hawkeyes and the Wildcats will be supplying.
Wildcats Include . . .
The Wildcat squad will include such outstanding men as Myi^pn Piker, Big Ten dash champion, who~ took first honors in the Illinois relays with a mark of 6.2 seconds, and Thistlewaite, sky-scraping pole
vaulter. Thirteen feet 11 inches were good enough to give Thistlewaite number two rating in last year’s Big Ten competition, and he is again considered a leading contender for conference championship honors in this year’s competition. The Illinois Relays revealed another dangerous Wildcat in Pinch, who took a second in the high hurdles. Nosed out by a narrow margin in the Champaign tourney. Pinch will be shooting for a victory in
Saturday’s competition. Watch “Jumpin’ Jack”
In the field events, one of the brightest lights on the Boilermaker outfit will be “jumpin’ jack” Ted
■ oaouBOirs PArauEoaEMeR M. UNMUN a CO, CHKMO
A Sweeter Smoke because a Miracle Machine Pre-Smokes every DR. GRABOW Pipe with Fine Tobacco (Edgeworth)
flsixJiswdimL muL (fbilcvcajtwfL
evepi^one
/
• dl Sweet Shop for those leisure moments when a refreshing drink is wanted in the company of people we know. • UL (^rd ^oom with checkers, chess, and cards at your disposal au gratis. Take advantage of these bounties.
• sl (Saieteria
is the place to go for a good, quickly served meal so that more time can be devoted to enjoying your "Union.'’
• n
GJlJr
oun^e
lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and modern furnishings.
Good Equipment for Enjoyable Exercise l^oom Real Music at its Best JhjL PimdusL TyimwiLaL Unloft The Comer of the Campus^ Yet the Cent^ of Activities
Under the direction of varsity coach Harry Allspaw, the Riveter golf aspirants are sharpening their respective eyes in the sub-basement of the Pieldhouse in anticipation pf their first match. Present plans are to continue practice in these quarters until March 4, at which time the team will adjourn to the outdoors for more serious work. Those working'but now include: R. Baske, C. Ciuran, G. Dahl, A. Evers, H. Goldstein, R. Heffer, P. Kroft, R. Kentner, D. McDaniel, R. McKenzie, M. Munson, P. Sorginson, R. Skinner, W. Spangler, and S. Wildy. Coach Allspaw was loud in his praises of the consistency and attendance displayed by the candidates thus far. Keen competition will be prevalent as the various men try for a position on the varsity
team of six.
One Ineligible Since there are •only^ two boys with previous experience, the services of Tom Marshall, who is out because of ineligibility, will be missed. Perhaps two of the most outstanding golfers for the ensuing campaign are Captain Bob Heffer and Royal Baske, who was ineligible in 1939 and a letterman the preced-
ing year. ^
Tycocki. Ted cleared 23 feet 2% inches for the best jump of his career, in last Saturday’s Relay meet, and is hopeful of picking up places in the dash and hurdle events. Other points garnered by the Boilermaker thinlies in the Illinois Relays include fourth honors by the mile relay squad composed of Simmons, Wente,. Anthony, and Captain Shackleton, and a second in the 1,500 meter by Ed Holderman. The gap. between the 1st place man and Holderman was so small that both men were credited with the same time—3 minutes, 59.4, seconds.
ROTC Pistol Team Defeats First Two Rivals Of Season Off to a fljriing start the ROTC pistol team has won its first two matches of the season from Santa Clara 1315 to 1245 and the University of Arkansas 1317 to 1137. Last year the team won 24 out of 26 matches and several of last year’s men are back this year to bolster
the squad.
Ten men shoot for each team and the five high scores count on the team score. This year’s squad is under the capable guidance of Captain Hattan of the military depart-
ment.
The highest scores of the year have been turned in by Gebhardt of the frosh with 268 out of a possible 300; Powell of the varsity, 286 out of a possible 300; and Becher of the varsity, 99 out of a possible 100. Schedule The varsity and frosh schedule is as follows: ® Varsity—Feb. 24—M.I.T., Univer—sity of Detroit, and Michigan State March 2—Yale and the University of Oklahoma March 9—Iowa State and Saint Bonaventure March 16—^Harvard, Cornell, Ohio State and Texas A. & M. March 23—Utah, Eastern Kentucky, V. M. I., United States Military Academy. " Frosh schedule: February 24— Detroit University and M. I. T. March 9—Saint Bonaventure, Iowa State, and Colorado State.
Greek Rifle Teams Compete This Week Twenty-five fraternities have already entered the rifle matches to be held daily this week on the rifle range in the basement of the fieldhouse. The range will be open Monday through Friday from 3 to 6:30 p. m.; Monday and Wednesday from 7 to 9:30 p. m.; and Saturday until 6:00. Each team will be composed 'of three men and each man must get certified targets from the range officer before going on the range. A match will consist of each contestant taking 20 shots, ten prone and ten standing. Team totals will decide the ultimate winner with the victor receiving a trophy. I-M Schedules Basketball — Tuesday, February 20 Court 1: Mann 7:00—Boilermakers vs Buckeyes 7:16—Aggies vs Battlers 8:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Chi 8:1B—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs Tau Epsilon
Phi
Cohrt 2: Hill 7:00—Panthers vs Rams 7:16—^Tigers vs Bulldogs 8:00—^Delta Chi vs Phi Delta Theta 8:16—Sigma Pi vs Triangle Court 3: Swing 7:00—Eagles vs Wildcats 7:16—^Hoosiers vs Yanlm 8:00—^Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Court 4: Rechenbach 7:00—^Ward 22 vs Ward 41 7:16—Sigma Pi vs Ward 24 (A)
The Book That Tells The Story Of— Your Life at PURDUE
mo
mo
(DtbhiAw “QampbdtiL CBunpuA, fiavruutqrtT
as follows: Friday Swimming-^Hutntington YMCA at Lafayette. Saturday Basketball—At Wisconsin. Track—Northwestern, Iowa, and Purdue in a triangular meet at Lafayette. Wrestling—Northwestern at Lafayette. Swimming — IHSAA Championships here. Squash—^At Fort Knox, Kentucky (2:30 p. m.) Squash—At Pendennis Club, Louisville (7:30 p. m.) Spotlighting the week-end’s activities will be the Boilermaker hardwood force’s invasion at Madison, Wisconsin, where the Lambertmen will attempt to defeat the Badgers the second time this season and to add another coup to the Riveter’s conquests toward the Big Ten crown. Good Home Card The interest of the home fans will be divided this week, with Coach Hermon Phillips’ track team. Coach Reeck’s wrestling team, the Indiana High School tank meet, and the swimming meet with the Huntington YMCA sharing honors. The initial contest of the week will be the attempt of the varsity swimmers Friday to even the count with the Huntington tank squad. The upstate YMCA was'succesful in defeating the Riveter swimmers in a meet at Huntington early in the season. On Saturday the Boilermaker track squad will appear before home fans for the first time this season, and lyill be up against some of the fastest competition in the midwest as they meet Iowa and Northwestern in a three way meet. Swimming Deadline Although thf> deadline for the entries in the state swimming meet is not imtil Wednesday morning, entries already received indicate that there will be an outstanding list of schools represented in the contest. Among the schools who have already entered the meet are the last year’s defending champions, Central of South Bend, Horace Mann of Gary, Hammond, Jefferson of Lafayette, and West Lafayette. Preliminary events will be run off in the Fieldhouse pool at 10 o’clock Saturday morning, while the finals in all events will not be run off until 2:30 in the afternoon. Among the high school stars comIieting in the meet will he Kajawa, free style specialist from South Bend, B^uer, defending fancy diver from Hammond, as well as Wroblewiski, another fancy diver from South Bend’s defending championship squad. The final event scheduled for Saturday will be the first of a home and home wrestling series with Northwestern’s burly grapplers. This will be the Riveters’ fifth Conference match, and the third in just seven days. All-Campus Boxing Tourney Open To All Arrangements for the preliminary bouts of the aU-campus boxing tourney can be made with Joe Benna at the Fieldhouse from 4:00 to 6:30 p. m. All men interested are requested to report as soon as p<^sible. Seven divisions, 119, 127, 136, 148, 161, yiQ pounds, and heavyweight, will make up the competition. Two finalists in eadi division wiU be determined by the preliminary bouts. The finals will be held during the Athletic Carnival, Mardt
13.
Alpha Tau Omega , . . sodat frateroi^, emnounfies the pledging of Jack Gatetwood ot Mount Sterling, Kentocky,tHE PXmtM EXPOtmtt
Tuesday, t’ebmory 20, 104d
i^s 'i iff %
i^urdue Exponent mnLaiutdiah,
R.'K.liwIer taitoXP-in^hiet W. E. Smitii. _ - Easiness Mftnag«r D. €. I'errio „ JEditorisl Director G W. SF^erick ~ Mnrmeins Editor fi M. Antonihi Semoi^ Advertfeinft Manager G Schilling _ Co-ed Editor R, Jenkins - Sports Editor Phones • Editorial, 4006; Business, 60S8,
Sports, 2792
Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at toe post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917,
authorized January 20, 1922
HKPREnCNTCO FOR NATIONAL. ADVCRTICINO 0V National AdvertEsingServcce, Inc.
College Publn'crs kelresentanie
420 MAnsoN Ave Nevi York N Y CHiciteo Bostoh LOS ANCELES S»« FhABCIS'-O All unsigned editorials are written by the
Editorial Director.
Delivered by earner, $3 per academic year; by mail, $8 60 Business office locate at 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Building, sports office. Field House This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessanly coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Night Editor Day Editor Ass’t Night Editor
McKee Simpson Ruffner
Tuesday, February 20, 1940 Silver Says Spiritual Re-orientation Need Of Civilization Today “A renewed spiritual re-oiienta-tion of men and nations is needed to solve present-day world pioblems more than anything else,” declared Dr Ahha Hillel Silver, rabbi of The Temple, Cleveland, Sunday in an addiess before a capacity audience in Eliza Fowler Hall, at the February convocation of worship. Speaking on “What Religion Offers a War-Torn Civilization,” the speaker said that religion could “challenge men to go forward despite the appalling backsliding,” and that lehgjon holds a “high hope for men ” New Day Dawning “We are at the threshold of a new day in history,” lemarked Dr. Silver, who made it clear that he did not subscribe to the idea that “We are at the closing minutes of civilization ” Music for the convocation was furnished by the Purdue University choir and echo choir, directed by A. P Stewart and accompanied at the organ by A. P. Schnaible. President Edward C Elliott introduced Dr. Silver
By Georgaim Schilling Rainy Sunday, Rainy Monday; and the campus once more takes on the appearance of a duck pond. Get out your old ram bonnet. Everyone seems to have a slight attack of sleeping sickness. Ho hum. H & H Next in the year’s schedule of coed bid dances is the annual Gold Peppers dance set for the night of March 8. Pledges to Gold Peppers, senior women’s activities ahd athletic boosting honorary, will be announced at the dance. Tickets priced at one dollar will go on sale this week for the dance which is to be informal. ^ H & H Februaiy seems to be, among other things, the month for fraternity and sotority State Days. The Chi Os just leturned from their annual get together, and several other groups are planning similar meetings for this week-end Members of Kappa Alpha Theta will have their luncheon and dance at the Claypool Hotel while Alpha Chi Omega members dine and dahee at the Indianapolis Athletic Club At the Marott Hotel on Saturday night. Theta Chi fraternity members will meet for their annual state dinner-dance H & H Following the idea started by the Gimlet Club of entertaining the members of Gold Peppers, the Reamer Club, athletic boosters honorary for unorganized men, will give a dinner for Gold Peppers in the Unioh Monday night before the basketball game. H & H Famous Last Thought And all of a sudden she called, “Love is blind, but our neighbors ain’t ”
Briefs by Clarence
My DEAR Russians: You gosh dern Russians are always mistreating an innocent Finn like Claience. You think you’re plenty cute, and plenty smooth. We’ll grant that. But some day your face will be mighty red. Clarence is a demon with a roundhouse curve, and tomatoes are soon in season. !)< * 41 By the way, Clarence’s real name was MIKHAIL: then came the revolution.
Will the people in the front rows please duck, while Clarence casts a well-known fleshy frmt at those who object to the co-ed’s wearing of knee length socks ? If they want to look like that, it’s their own business. “Live and let live,” we always say. « * * Clarence went paddling over to the library, and hence to the Browsing Room, but found no books written by Rabelair, except a dry old edition that is EXPURGATED, whatever that is. * * * Reports from the biology department indicate that three students have been found to have termites, and one faculty member is afflicted with plant lice. * * * Flash news bulletin: Big Ro<!k market quotes price on red tomatoes as 30 cents per pound. That means 10 cents per tomato toss by Clarence, not counting warehouse storage while they reach their peak of perfection for throwing purposes. * * * Contributions of tomatoes and targets gladly received.
SENIORS Buy; Your Personnel Data Sheets Now $3.85 Per Hundred UNION BUILDING —ROOM 356 PURDUE ACTIVITIES BUREAU
spring 1940 version of our
jacket-'dress for rendezvous sizes 9 to 17 $22.50 Surely you know Polly Tucker. She’s the typical young American who lives in a bustling world of campus and dates. She must have just such a dress as this , . with a little jacket that does a two-costume trick . . shirred band and sleek lines that do wonderful things for her figure. The buttons are such fun . . they can lie smooth* or make a scalloped flange or zig-zag alternately. Black, gray, navy, pastels in smooth, dull-sur-faced Rendezvous rayon crepe, a Berlinger fabric.
cHoeLi ^^ppami (Center, Second J-ic
OOP
Co-eds Only By Marguerite Funkhouser
In the spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of baseball. But not so a co-ed’s. A co-ed doesn’t Wait for spring to rear its lovely head; her thoughts can ramble in a meandering stream of thoughts despite the weather. Wander along with us if you like. —c-o— Co-ed’s fancies being strictly feminine our thoughts meander across the levee in search of ward-robe fresheners with an eye toward spring. Somehow or other along about this time of thq^year, while it’s still too early to think about cottons and dark colors begin to pall, light skirts make their appearance. Mix and match skirts and shirts are ever new. Beige, pink, and light blues are the predominating colors. The shirts have the new long sleeves and pearl buttons. Gores, belt detail and pleats distinguish the skirts. —c-o— GWTW (“Gone With The Wind” to you gals) makes every girl wish that she were a Scarlett O’Hara, and that there were a few Rhett Butlers around Purdue. But wishful thinking never created realities, and so we’ll just have to struggle along with the materials we have on hand. We’ll admit that its hard to look graceful while jumping a miniature lake, but you can try. The freshman women’s gym courses are
slated to do just that, but we’ll wait until we see results hefoii^e recommepd their treaiiheUt,
Besides the ever present desire for new clothes to brighten a winter ward-robe, something new in the line of make-up often helps to hasten the spring breezes. Helena RubOnstem has three new shades of lipstick which she claims will do much to dispell these between season blues.
Sporting Pink is a true red shade for sport clothes. Try Opalescent for a glowing romantic red—^it’s swell for evening. And then there’s Rico Red to be used as a contrast for the greys and beiges that are so popular now.
Graduate Dames > / ... and undergraduate dames Ure holding a joint dance tonight in the Puculty Lounge of the Unioh. Records will furnish the music for dancing, which will last from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. The dance is a closed dance for members only and their husbands.
For dress-up occasions, new silk prints with shear wool jackets are being Shown. Softly draped silk jerseys in pale dolors are also popular. And by the ijvay, a great hiany of the silk jerseys come with matching turbans. Almost everyone can wear a turban—^perhaps that’s what makes them such well-liked between season hats. See you in the shops.
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4 th and Ferry Lafayette
RE’S how Crown
Service does more for you!
HI
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one. LAUrJiSIY F"INE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH E S
We Recommend PRINCETON DEEP VEIN KAYMOOR POCAHONTAS RED PARROT SPLINT
NORTH STAR COAL VICTOR N. SHEER, Prop. Phone 2405 3O8 Brown St. LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
February 20, 1940 To Stoker Coal Consumers, Lafayette, Indiana. Dear Consumer; You have, no doubt, burned Indiana coals that proved dissatisfactory; and you are, therefore, prejudiced against them. But did you ever burn DEER VEIN^ DEEP VEIN coal is mined from the dee|:>est mine in Indiana (more than 500 feet deep). So successfully has DEEP VEIN proved its merit as an excellent stoker coal that we have notstocked any Eastern stoker coals for the last four years. Our former Eastern stoker coal consumers are for DEEP VEIN 100%. DEEP VEIN possesses such merits and burning characteristics that you should order a trial ton today and economize on your fuel bills. You may purchase DEEP VEIN PAxlO mesh treated stoker coal for $5.25 a ton, or 3 tons for $15.50. This represents a saving of approximately one-third over Eastern coals. We guarantee DEEP VEIN to give complete satisfaction, or the coal will be removed and money refunded. How many coal dealers will put such a guarantee as that behind their Indiana coaP We hope that you will become DEEP VEIN coal enthusiast. Yours sincerly, NORTH STAR COAL COMPANY Verle B. Hughe?, Manager P. S. DEEP VEIN 6" lump—^$6.25. DEEP VEIN 6x3 egg—^$6.00.
I
I