«r *
mm
'■mi
’Avj y*,}
Purdue
T" j. Exponent
n,,y, f' <“ PJ '~y
7‘f-'
'■' yn
Z-185
LafoyettOf Indiana T
TUESDAY
This Is All There Is—^There Ain’t No More
June 6, 1939
Vol.50
No. 198
Opera Star Edith Mason Will Sing In Fieldhouse Edith Mason, soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Company, will be the featured guest soloist on the final program of the University music festival in the Fieldhouse, according to an announcement made recently by A. P. Stewart, director of University musical organizations, who is in charge of arrangements.
Dr. Coulter, Dean Emeritus, Passes Milestone No. 86 “It will be impossible to estimate what the j)eople of Indiana owe their illustrious fellow citizen in his academic work as well as in the pursuit of his avocational interests.” Such were the words of Richard Lieber, one of the nation’s leading conservationists and a close associate of Dr. Stanley Coulter, in speaking of the accomplishments of Dr. Coulter, dean emeritus of the University. Dr. Coulter recently passed another milestone with flying colors when he celebrated his 86th birthday on June 2nd; all the more reason for being known as “the grand old man of Purdue.” Dr. Coulter^ parents were missionaries to China, stationed in Ningpo, at the time he was born. His education was secured in the United States and he is the recipient of three degrees from Hanover College. In 1887 he joined the faculty as professor of biology and director of the University biological laboratory. He became dean of the science school in 1907 and received the position of dean of men in 1919., He held all three titles until hisresignation in 1926, after 39 years of continuous service. Educational Clinic Will Discuss Latest Changes Coming changes in education, what is right with education, school propaganda and public relations, and problems relating to staff morale, will come before the second annual educational leaders’ clinic here at the University July 10 to 13. The first clinic, which was held here last year, attracted many of the country’s educators, and a large attedance is expected this year, according to Dr. P. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology. Life Photographs On
The festival will be held on Saturday, June 17, forming the Indiana preliminary to the Chicagoland music festival which is presented later in the season. Phillip Maxwell, director of the Chicagoland festival, secured the services of Miss Mason, and will act as master of ceremonies. Miss Mason, who will provide a special program of songs, has announced that she will attempt to bring Dino Bigalli, conductor of the Chicago Civic Opera, as her accompanist for the evening. Eliminations Indiana’s leading vocalists, instrumentalists, choruses, bands, drum corps, and baton twirlers will all be on hand, competing for the right to represent the state at Chicago. Vocalists and instrumentalists will be chosen in their various fields through eliminations in the music room of the Union at 1 p. m., the choruses at 2:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge, and the baton twirlers at 3 p. m. on the oval. The University Glee Club and the Central Presbyterian Church Choir, will represent Lafayette, Evening Program The evening program, beginning at 8 o’clock in the Fiel(J|iouse, will consist of Miss Edith Mason, the winners who will represent the state at Chicago, the West Side high school band, and the federal music project quartet. Tickets are 26 cents, and may be obtained in the music office of Fowler Hall now or at the door the evening of the festival. Since this will be the first convocation of summer school, students who are registered for the session will be admitted upon presentation of their registration card and passport. Union Will Open Rooms To Summer Session Students According to an announcement from Union manager L. M. Vallely, rooms in the Union Club will be available for undergraduate students and the faculty during summer school. Each room is comfortably furnished and is complete with telephone and private shower. The complete rate for the entire summer session is $50, Applications are now being received in the manager’s office.
Display In Armory Sweeping...
pictures taken by the Life photographer ■ of the classes in military and the national inspection are now on exhibition on the bulletin board in the Armory, Those desiring prints and enlargements may get them by placing an order with Captain Wiselogel. They should be ordered by serial number.
. . . the field in the Southworth Script contest for original plays or adaptations of plays for radio presentation, Sam Marks, ME ’39, took first, second, and third places with his four entries. An adaptation on “R. U. R.” by Carl Capek won him the right to a rotating trophy for one year.
Four Senior Girls Receive Shares In Scholarship Fund Gold Peppers, senior women’s honorary, and Women’s PAn Hellenic Society yesterday announced the winners of their annual scholarship award. Sally McKee, Sc ’39, and Jary Cleveland. Sc ’39, each will receive $100, while Pearl Jackson, HE ’39, and Katherine Mounce, Sc ’39, were awarded $50 each. Sally McKee intends to attend the University of Colorado, and Pearl Jackson will take advanced work in Home Economics here. Jary Cleveland and Katherine Mounce have not as yet chosen schools to attend. This award is given annually to graduates of the University for advanced study. The fund is open to all co-eds, Selections being made, on a basis of scholarship, activity, and personality. The selection committee is composed of M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; Margaret Mitchell, Gold Peppers president; Frances Raebig, Pan Hellenic pr^esident; and Miss Houghton, director of personnel for women. Exponent To Print 11 Summer Papers According to a statement made recently by Bob Insley, editor-in-chief, and Bill Smith, business manager, both of whom will be on hand during the summer to publish the paper, eleven editions of the Exponent will be distributed during summer school. Exponents will be distributed free of charge on the campus, but out of town subscriptions will be priced at 50 cents. Subscriptions may be obtained at the west desk of the Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, or at the Exponent business office on Fifth street in Lafayette. In addition to the usual columns and news, columns, written by correspondents in the civil, forestry, and military camps will be run. Subscribe now! Four Co-ed Delegates To Attend Convention Four'delegates from the University will attend the annual convention of Omicron Nu, national home economics honorary, at the University of Texas at Austin, Tex., from June 16 to June 19. Representatives from the University will be Philena Palmer and Margaret Beeman of the home economics staff; Mary C. Matthews, dean of the home economics school, and Jean Horwitz, president of the University chapter. Dean Matthews is national president of Omicron Nu. Jean Horwitz is also representative of all Indiana home economics clubs at the American Home Economics Association meeting at San Antonio, Tex., on June 20,21, and 22.
University To Gr^uate Record Class On Sunday Approximately 900 seniors in thirteen different schools will graduate on Sunday, June 11, in the Fieldhouse, the 65th commencement exercises beginning with the processional at 2:30 p. m. Nine hundred degrees is the largest number that has ever been conferred in any class graduating from the University. For the second time the exercises will be held in the Fieldhouse ; last year the Fieldhouse was filled to its capacity, 7,000, and a full house is expected again this year. Seven hundred and eleven degrees were conferred last year.
WRH Will Apportion Residents In Halls According To Class Libby Barms, Ann Sickman, Joan Wimborough, and Paula Zwierlicn have been chosen by staff members of the Women’s Residence Halls to serve as undergraduate assistants in the Residence Halls for next year. These undergraduate assistants act as student counsellors and social hostesses in the Halls. Plans for the organization of the Halls for next year were announced last night by Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Halls. The West Hall will be upperclass hall and accommodate 140 upperclass women. North and South Halls will accommodate 110 freshmen and 15 upperclass women each. The upperclass residents will be designated as “student staffs,” and will function as student advisors for the freshmen. Clevett Announces Swim Plans For Summer Session Planning an intensive swimming program for summer session students, faculty, and townspeople, M. L. Clevett last night announced the schedule for instruction and open swims during the summer. Open to the general public, instructional classes in beginning and advanced swimming will be given in the Fieldhouse pool. This is the 18th year that these classes have been given. They will start on June 14. Boys’ classes will be on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 9:30 a. m. Girls’ instruction will be given on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday at the same time. Mixed adult classes will be taught in the Fieldhouse pool qn Monday, /Wednesday, and Friday at 7:30 p. m. A small fee will be charged for locker privileges and each swimmer will supply his own suit, towel, and soap. The Fieldhouse pool will be open from 3 to 6 every day for men. It will be open for mixed swimming from 7:30 to 9:00 each evening. The pool in the Women’s Gym will be available for girls and women fr&m 3 to 4 p. m. on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Survey Shows Qualities Needed To Obtain Jobs
Character, scholarship, personality, adaptability, and initiative, top athletic ability and mere book knowledge in the eyes of prospective employers according to a survey made by the Bureau of Industrial Service in 186 American schools, the results of which were received by the Exponent yesterday. All around students, especially those who worked their way through college, have a better chance of getting a job after graduation than the campus hero or college “grind,” according to King Merritt, vice president of Investors Syndicate, of Minneapolis, in summing up the results of the survey. Question Offidals Officials of the colleges and uni-
versities were asked two questions: “In order of their importance, what are the qualifications principally sought by employers of graduates, and, from your observations, what qualifications do employers of the last few years seem to be-stresaing more and what ones less?” Character as a prime qualification for a job was mentioned by 103 schools, scholarship by 29, personality by 18, adaptability by 12, and leadership by 6. Secondary qualifications put scholarship first with 66, adaptability second with 36, character 33, and personality 19. Popularity Third The third qualification group was headed by adaptability, the fourth by campus popularity, and the fifth by athletic prowess. Emphasis on
a percentage basis see-sawed between character and scholarship, giving the slight edge to scholarship by 88.7 per cent to 83.9 per cent for the whole group. However, in almost every case where scholarship was ranked first, it was qualified by such statements as: “good character is assumed,” or “character is always taken for granted^” Extra-curricular activities were mentioned as an asset, and indicative of ability and dependability. However, in spite of the emphasis placed on them by a few employers, they rated only as a 14 per cent factor in job getting. Personality Loses Ground Personality, the much used and abused word, as one informant put it, received a great deal of com-
ment, but generally in connection with some other qualities such as adaptability and appearance. Covering the field with a broad' general statement, it might be said that what employers are looking for today are the human qualities. The bookymrm and human encyclopedia wi^h their brilliant scholarship are being rejected in favor of the candidates with average grades, plus all round training, co-opera-tiveness, enthusiasm, dependability, imagination, loyalty, and adaptability. “Scholarship is less demanded,” wrote one placement officer, “except in large organizations carrying on research work.” Another replied, “Scholarship is usually placed last except in the teaching profession.”"
Program 2:00 p. m.—^Introductory concert by the Purdue Symphonic Band. 2:15 p.m.—Candidates for degrees and leaders of the processional will form at the east end of the Fieldhouse. 2:30 p. m.—Procession will start with the march being played by the Symphonic Band. Order of the Procession: Marshal Professor H. H. Wikel, President E. C. Elliott, Rev. Michael Andrew Chapman, Board of Trustees, Candidates for honorary degrees, faculty, candidates for Baccalaureate degrees, candidates for advanced degrees. The procession will travel north around the baseball field, in through the west door of the Fieldhouse, and on to reserved
seats.
Conferring of degrees by President E. C. Elliott in the same order as in the procession. Conferring of Commissions to senior ROTC officers by Col-
onel Pickering.
Presentation of prizes and awards by President Elliott. Inducting of the 1939 graduates into the Purdue Alumni Association by Alumni president, Mr, Swezey.
Recessional.
81 Advanced Degrees
In addition to the presentation of Baccalaureate degrees, approximately 81 advanced degrees wHl be conferred by Dr. E. C. Elliott, and seniors in the Reserved Officer’s Training Corps will receive their commissions from Colonel Pick-
ering.
Administrators Of State Schools Will Meet Here June 14 School administrators from all
over the state, including superintendents, principals, and custodians, will attend a two-day conference on building and ground management to be held here on Tuesday and Wednesday, June- 13 and 14. All sessions will be held in the electrical
engineering building.
Tuesday morning will be devoted to a discussion of heating plant problems and the qualities desired ip a good custodian. The afternoon program will include school housekeeping problems plus a session on the care of grounds and a visit to Morton school. Illumination will be
discussed in the evening.
On the second day, subjects relating to interior furnishings and custodian equipment will be discussed. George Bush of the engineering extension department will be in general charge of the program.
Music for the processional, recessional, and introductory concert will be played by the Purdue Symphonic Band under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick. All degree presentations will be made by Presi- ‘ dent E. C. Elliott, anS Colonel Pickering will administer the oath to officers receiving their commissions. No Address There will be no commencement address in following with the precedent set several years ago by President Elliott. Programs will not be available before Sunday; however, they will be passed out at the Fieldhouse before the exercises begin. Professor H. H. Wikel is chairman of graduation exercises committee and will act as marshal, leading the processional and recessional. Each candidate for a degree has four complimentary tickets, which must be shown to get into the Fieldhouse before the processional; however, after the processional, anyone will be admitted.
Final Examination Schedule
Period 13 Tuesday, June 6, 8-11 A. M. Course and Divisions Room AM 1—V-Y ME 108 AM 2—H ME 3 B 2—Fri 9 SC 211, EE 129 ChB 34—A.B CE 201 Chem 2—Q-X Ed 201 Econ 1— Rec 313 Ed 136—Ail Ed 206 Engl 10—C • Engl 19—K SC 14 Engl 19—t.,M ME 103 Engl 27—E EE 847 Engl 27—XE EE 360 Engl 131—All » Engl 136—All Univ 309 Engl 139—All Univ 211 Ent 1—All Ag 108, 104, 118 HA 172—All • Math 3—K,XK * Math 4—Q-T • Math 11—A ...y. • ME 31—A-D,XA ME 301-312 ML 62—A Chem 106 ML 62—B.D,F G 101 ML 62—C,E EE 264 PhC 118—All * PE 2L—D FHG 106. 106 PE 37a—All :* Phys lb—A,C Phys 202 Phys lb—B.XB ME 207 Spch 14—K,M,N • Spch 14—L Univ 102 Period 14 - Tuesday. June 6. 1-4 P. M. Coure and Divisions Boom AE 11—All AE 201, 202 Agr 133—All • AH 26—A.B Ag 103, 118 AH 26—C.D Ag 206, 208 AM 1—A ME 108 AM 1—B-D ME 207 AM 2—A ME 108 B 61—All SC 14 Chem 106—All * Econ 1—D Rec 813 Engl 6—D. XD. YD G 101 Engl 81—A,B,I.K.L.N.O Ed 101 Engl 31—P,S,T CE 201 Engl 138—All : Univ 102 F&N 22—All HE 202, 213. 216 Math 3—L.M * Math 4—J-O • ML 22—All EE 129 PhC 9—AU • PE 2I.-B FHG 106. 106 Phys 8—All •
Period 16 Wednesday, June 7, 8-U A. Sf. Coure and Divisions Boom B 2—Fri 10 SC U. 211 B 64—All .* Chem 2—^I-P loi CE 22—AU CE SOI, 304 DH 6—All • Econ 11—B.XB • Engl 3—J 1 • Engl 10—^D .* Engl 19— MR 103 Engl 19—O MB 3 Engl 27—F .Chem 106 Engl 27—XF JBd 201 GE 36—^U , lOX Geol 107—All .....JEeav 208 ME 62—A-E MB 301-312 Phar 17—^All Phar 311 Phys Ic—All Phys 202 Spch 14—O-Q .EE 129 Period 16 / Wednesday. June 7—1-4 BI. Course and Divisions Boom AH 142—AU „• CE 41—AU CE 201. 101, 308 Ed 4—A _Chem 106 EE 80—AU a Engl 1—A-C,F,XF SC 211 Engl 1—D,G-J • F&N 1—A.B HE 202, 213, 216 F&N 1—C-B ME 107, 108.109 HA 66—All .HE 129 Hortl2—AU. JBfortZlO ME SI—M-Q ME 301-312 ML 66—AU a PE 2L—F ^HQ 106.106 PE 38—All • Phys 2 & 22—A,K,U.V JZZiUB20r Phys 2 & 22—B,P,AE G 101 Phys 2 & 22—E.I,J.N.Y.AB Ed 101 Phys 2 & 22—O.Z.AC TCR 264 Phys a & 22—Q-T.W,AA JUS 129 Soc 60—B * Period 17 ‘ Tharaday. Juno 8. 8-11 A. M, Course and Divisions Room Chem 2—AM Ed 101 C&T 28-AU * DH 16—AU lo Engl 1—K-N SO 211 Engl 1—O-Q „.CB 291 Engl 1-B.S J® a Engl 19-j „,ias 34t (Contixiaed on !»««« 2)< • X
^dihftutL
\
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^SHdtUhSibL.
Tueadoy, June 6« 1939
hn Open Letter To Sunday’s Graduates
Dear Graduates : “It’s a lonely trail when you travel it alone,” runs a currently popular song. New trails will be opening for you Sunday, but unlike the song, the campus trails you leave behind will in most cases be well dotted with friendships.
Sunday you will proudly hold degrees. You will be holding something else too; something less tangible, but perhaps just as valuable .. . four years of college friendships. Whatever financial positions you may hold ten years from now, those friendships can always be maintained if you treat them with care.
A college graduate once told us, “sure, my college education got me a good job. But I thank my college life just as much for all the lasting friendships it gave me.”
On the employment side of the ledger, we find that 20 per cent of you who are science and engineering graduates had jobs on April 1, when the Personnel Service made its last complete survey. It is probable that about half of you have positions waiting at the present time.
After Sunday those of you who don’t have emplo:^Qpnt can devote all your time to the “job of finding a job.” The Personnel Service will continue to help you get located after graduation. You face a new world, where no semester grades are given. Instead, employers will pass judgment on you far more important than any letter grade you may have received at Purdue. It takes plenty of work to be a “distinguished student.” It will take even more work to be a “distinguished worker,” awaiting promotion, after you enter the business world. No matter what your grades were at Pur-
Purdue Exponent Entered u aeeond eUuM matter at the poet offiee in Lafavette. Indiana, nnder tiie act of ConsreM of Mardi 8. 1870, and at the epeeial rate of poatase provided for in ae^on 1108, act of October 8, 1017, autiMrlaed Jann> ary 20. 1012. Pnbliahed dally acaeapt Mcmday dnrins the resniar aeademie year and weekly dorins the Summer SeMion. Beliverad locally by eairiar for $8.00 per year, mail anbeeription $8.60. Editorial Board K. E. Inaley ......Editor-InrChlef W. E. Smith. Baaineaa Uanayer D. G. Tertie Editorial Director G. W. Frederick —Blanayinar Editor R. Jenkina Sporta Editor E. M. Antonin! .Senior Advertldna Manager G. SehilUnc Co-ed Editor Junior Staff Editorial Bnatnesa Sporta R. K D^k R. Fisher g. D. Marquis ^ M. M. Richards D. K. Hdpie A. Hite Co-ed ^ a McKee M.Hag^eyer M. Bnrtsfleld ML Ij. Miers T. Petty q, Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. b. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director PHONES Editorial Sports Business 4005 2792 5038 RCPRBSCNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVER^IBINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUegt PubHsbtrs Reprtsentative 480 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAeO ' BOITOB ■ LOB ARBIlBt - SAB FBANCIBCO This newspaper ia written, edited, and puhliahad by nndergradnate atedmita of PordtM Unlveratty. All optniona in it, nnleae oUuarwisa aeareditad, are etadent spinions, and do not neeeeearily eoinelde with the effieial Untrereity viewxiolnt. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
By Georgann Schilling
Night Editor—^Heiple Issue Editor—Heaton Tuesday, Jnne 6, 1939
due, we hope you can be “distinguished” in your particular kind of work. And of course, we’ll be looking for a good many of you at Homecoming next year. Sincerely yours. The Exponent.
Final
(Continued from page 1)
.. EE 360 ... SC 14
Eec 313 .G 101
Hort 112 ... Hort 116
Engl 19—J . . Engl 27—C . . Engl 27—D . GE 35—X . ... Hort 21—A,C .. Hort 21—B.D . Hort 33—All .... Math 1—G.H ..
Math 2—Y,Z,AA-AF - —* ME 31—H-L ME 301-312 PE 2L—G FHG 106, 106 PE 11—All * Phys 36—A,C - ME 207 Phys 35—B,E,F Phys 202 Phys 85—D,G ME 108 Speh 14—G ..Ed 208 Speh 14—H Ed 201 Speh 14—I — Ed 9 Speh 14—J Ed 13
Period 18
Thursday, June 8, 1-4 P. M. Course and Divisions Room AD 61—AU * AE 32—All _AE 201, 202 Ed 4—C - — Ed 201 Engl 8—E Rec 313 ML 24—All SC 211 ML 44—All ME 108 Mir 64—All Chem 106 PEW 74—All ChemAn 233 Phys 1 & 21—A,B Phys 202 Phys 1 & 21—C,D ME 207 Poul 26—All ... Speh 14—AC, AD Speh 23—All *
Period 19
Friday, June 9, 8-11 A. M. Coure and Divisions Room AE 21—AU • B 4—AU • B 160—AU BC 103 Chem 2a—AU . ..Ed 101 CE 41—Special CE 201 EE 6—All ..._ .EE 129 Engl 3—B,H SC 211 Engl 6—B,C ME 108 GE 18—AU G 101 Hort 2—AU Hort 112 Hort 114—AU .* Math 0—A-C ME 61—C,D,XD _ME 801-312 Speh 16—E ..»»...»....»....SG 14
The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings: AD—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—^Agronomy AgCh—^Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agricultural Engineering
AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry ChemAn — Chemistry Laboratory Annex CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry Econ—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—^Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Met—Metallurgical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry Psy—Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall
Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc—Sociology Speh—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled.
*Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite. Examinations To Be Arranged With Departments Ed 15, 31, 124, 129, 137. F&N 117. PEW 52, 54, 56. Also all graduate courses numbered above 200 and not scheduled.
Air Conditioned Cool
biAitl
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
STAR REPORTER
— with — WARREN HULL MARSH HUNT
JAMES CAGNEY PAT O'BRIEN — IN — ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES
THURSDAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
The Thrilling Adventure of a Private Nurse! NUMBERED WOMAN — WITH — Sally Biane - Lloyd Hughes — PLUS —
SHE LOVED A FIREMAN _ WITH — Dick Foran - Ann Sheridan
EXTRA! FERDINAND THE BULL
Midnite Show Saturday NOVA BAER FIGHT PICTURES
SALE NEW ROYAL PORTABLE TYPEWRITERS
Complete With Carrying Case SModels To Choose From
MODEL—A Portable Deluxe. Reg. $64.50
$40-95 Now ^ y
MODEI^B Speed King Portable. Reg. $59.50
$44-9^ Now
MODEL—O Standard Portable. R^. $54.50
$42-95 Now
Makes a Perfect Gift for Graduates
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
GRIN AND BEAR R
B^Lidiir
With the strains of “Our Last Goodbye” being whistled everywhere and the remainder of this semester passing into history, we must check off another of the “four most perfect years” and bid adieu to the campus until next September. Of course for the thousand seniors, who will don caps and gowns and receive a sheepskin next Sunday, the four most perfect years have come to an end. Life begins at graduation might be their optimistic theme song as they trod the walks around the Fieldhouse to become alumni of Purdue. ~H &H— We wonder just what thoughts run through these thousand minds on this gala day!! Besides beginning their higher education during their four years here, we imagine they found something else. Perhaps they found this vague something in a glance, a friend proven, a job welldone, a smile, the first kiss or the millionth. And because of this something they find themselves anchored here and a bit unwilling to leavel —H & H— Personally, we are about to put our headache pills in cold storage for a few months and forget about writing a column. We hope some of you have enjoyed reading this bit of copy just a little bit as much as we have enjoyed writing it. There’s something about editing a column that gets you. The copy paper, the typewriter, the smell of printer’s ink, and the'longing for something unusual in the way of news all become the really important things in your life.
IMftr. by United Fentnre Syndicate, Ine.
“Tomorrow will be our first anniversary, dear—according to these check stubs.”
The activities planned for summer school sound very gay, and it’s going to be pretty crowded around here from what we hear. The seniors who won’t be back next year must be filled with regrets right now at the thought of no more sweet shopology, or Christmas holidays, or borrowing money from brothers, or wolfing on your roommate, or rush parties. Yes, life is going to be tough. But you’ll get along. And with this two cent’s worth we write our last thirty for this year.
Faculty Advisors...
... of the University Riding Club for the school year of 1939-40 will be Professors R. B. Cooley and N. E. Kizer.
A special Cornell University sound truck is touring the country making recordings of the “voices” of rare birds. The University of New Hampshire has opened a new fine arts center to provide for art study and exhibitions.
TODAY—TOMORROW
WALLACE ROBiUr BEERY • TAYLOR
STMfiUPanini FIOMHCE BICE —M.n-M Cart
I
-and-
HEART-WAUOPING THRIIISI
—ALSO— 'FLAMING FRONTIER," Serial
MARS
TODAY-WiDNESDAY
Confessions of a
^ WARNER BROS.’
daring drama, Ritb
LEDERER
George Sanders Paul Lukas-Henrv O’Neill
LUMA
TODAY-TOMORROW
DOUBLE FEATURE
wllb nCOINALO OWEN MOnOMI • ETKNNE OKMtOOT • MNN DINENMrr JOMMSnVERS • JONN MM»N —■ Pina —
PERSONS IN HIDING
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
CROSBY BIONDiU MKOIAAIIIR
IRENE HERVEY CAubrey Smilh • Jorome Cowoa r"* MoHy Molnedc load Us Orcbeslra
BINO SINOSi ^'That Sly Old G«nH«imm** ^Eail SIdw of Hoovon** ”Hon0 Yovf HBorl on o Hickory Umb'* *^a o Song of Svnboami**
— EXTRA — POPEYE CARTOON
1 .Tuesday. June,6.1939
THE POBDUE
'mi
EXPONENT
Summer Session Sports Program To Feature 'Games On The Green,' All Campus Tourneys
With a complete and varied program already planned and a number of other events “in the oflSng,” M. L. Clevett, director of the intramural department, promises that the recreation of summer session students will not be neglected.
Games On The Green i Featured on the summer sports program ”are the interesting “Games on the Green.” These games are scheduled for four different evenings during the summer. Students
gialdsuiii (^JwiCSL
ments of Boilermaker graduating June 11). —fc—
athletes
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 k-NOW for pick-up.
Palm Beach Suits and Summer Washables Handled As You Like Them!
New Machines Iron the Long Shoulders to Suit Your Taste!
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaner*
FRATEBOTIY - SORORITY HOUSE MANAGEBS Summer Prices on Coed Are in EHect NOW Get Our Estimate First! North Star Coal Co.
308 Brown Street
Phone 2405
60% Trade 60% 50% Cash 50% USED BOOKS
We will pay 50% cash or 60% in trade tor books in good condition, to be used next September. Regular discount on all others.
SOUTHWORTH'S
IN THE VILLAGE
By Robert J. Deckard (Today, Fielder’s Choice presents the third of a series of articles giving some of the outstanding achievegather on the varsity practice field behind the Fieldhouse to compete in a wide variety of events, including badminton, croquet, table tennis, archery, and numerous other games. Throughout the summer, tournaments will be staged in tennis singles, mixed doubles, horseshoe singles, golf, and a number of other popular sports. Fraternity members, independents, and faculty members will form softball teams to compete'in a campus-wide tournament. Swimming Meet An all-campus swimming meet will be held in the Fieldhouse pool during the summer session to decide the ranking aquatic titles. Honors in this meet will be given on an individual basis. If a sufficient number of students are interested in hardball, a summer session team will be formed to meet local and out of town teams. A captain will be chosen to take comjplete charge of this summer varsity and arrange its schedule. Checkout service and facilities for men will be handled just as during the regular school period.
One of the most outstanding Boilermaker athletes ever to tread a basketball floor or field a baseball is Thomas Kendall Dickinson, 21-year-old, six foot, 165-pound native of Lafayette . . . previous to his entrance into the local institution of learnin'g. Tommy, as his associates speak of him, starred for three years on Lafayette’s Jefferson High School basketball and golf squads, receiving numerous allstate mention as forward on the cage contingent during his senior years. —^fc— He entered the University as a student in the public service engineering school, September, 1936, and “went out” for the freshman basketball, golf and baseball teams, and was awarded freshman numerals for all three sports. —^fc— In his junior year. Tommy made his first real bid for athletic fame . . . with the help of Fred Beretta and Malaska, he took care of the guard duties on the Western Conference championship basketball squad . . . returning to his baseball playing again, Dickinson took the center field post on Dutch Fehring’s baseball outfit, hitting a neat .344 and playing a flawless game in the field. —^fc— Following graduation, Dickinson is to be employed by the Gary Heat and Power Company ... he is a member of Phi Delta Theta, social fraternity, and the “P” Men’s Club.
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY HEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
^
yn years
Net TeamTo Play Fourteen Home Games Next Season Giving up its usual Christinas vacation trip to the Pacific Coast in favor of a busy home stand, the Boilermaker varsdity basketball squad will meet five outstanding teams from the Coast and the South during the holidays, according to a tentative schedule released by the physical education department. This schedule is subject to the approval of the faculty committee on athletic affairs.
Out of the full schedule of twenty games, the Boilermakers will play fourteen on their home floor. The first eight games next season will be played in the Fieldhouse, with Piggy Lambert’s cagers taking their first out-of-town trip to play Northwestern right alter Ohi’istmas vacation. The opener will be with Western Illinois State Teachers. Vacation Tilts During the holiday period the Riveter team will meet the ranking teams from the Pacific Coast and Southwestern circuits. Opening their stand the Boilermakers will face the sharpshooters from Southern California. This game will be followed by battles with Washington State College, University of Oregon, Southern Methodist, and Rice in rapid succession. The Northwestern game will mark the opening of a determined Purdue effort to regain the Big Ten basketball crown. In their twelve games in the Western Conference race, the Riveters will meet each of the other conference schools at least once. Home and home series are scheduled with Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin.
Next season’s tentative schedule: Dec. 7—Western Illinois State Teachers at Purdue. Dec. 11—DePaul University at Purdue. Dec. 13—University of Detroit at Purdue. Dec. 20—bouthem California at Purdue. Dec. 21—Washington State College at Purdue. Dec. 23—University of Oregon at Purdue. Dec. 27—Southern Methodist University at Purdue. Dec. 28—Rice Institute at Purdue. Jan. 6—Purdue at Northwestern. Jan. 8—Ohio State at Purdue. Jan. 13—^Wisconsin at Purdue. Jan. 15—Minnesota at Purdue. Feb. 10—Purdue at Indiana. Feb. 12—Purdue at Chicago. Feb. 17—Illinois at Purdue. Feb. 19—Purdue at Michigan. Feb. 24—Purdue at Wisconsin. Feb. 26—Iowa at Purdue. Mar. 2—Indiana at Purdue. Mar. 4—Purdue at Illinois. Belva Ann Lockwood, first feminine candidate for the U. S. presidency, was an alumnus of Syracuse University.
832 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, IND.
/
HOTEL FOWLER
The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Car shawm is maw Itsuisem Stx Tassrmg Sodom, SSS4* PRICES START AMONG AMERICA’S LOWEST *<lcliTef«d la Deooit, eqaipped to drive; iocladies Federal taxes, aot iachxUas Mate tad local taxes, if aor. 1a>w ttoie partaeat teraM. adth aaw Hadaon-C L T. l^ao. Prices sabject to riiaace vriihoat ootice.
Feaster Motor Co. 019 MAIN STREET• «
^taaxL GdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nticoA.
Tuesday, June 6, 1939
AIME Selects Next Year's Committees The following standing committees for next year were selected at a meeting of the American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers Sunday. Membership committee: E. D. Verink, chairman, W. H. Oakley, F. A. Prange, and E. A. Schnake. Three sophomoi-es will be selected to fill the committee. Publicity is composed of E. E. Underwood, chairman, and G. L. Phillips. Project committee is made up of J. S. McKinsey, chairman, P. A. Laulette, and R. E. Macherey. Program committee, R. C. Becker, chairman, W. E. Short, and J. A. Richardson. University chapter jumped from 35th to •14th place in size since last year. Approximately 90 per cent of the enrollment of the metallurgical school are chapter members. Art Work Of Lloyji Moser On Exhibit In Music Room Twenty-six water color and oil paintings pastel and pencil drawings by Lloyd Moser, instructor of free hand drawing, and water color painting, are now being exhibited in the Music Room of the Union. The display, which began a week ago yesterday, will continue until June 15.
Classified Ads MISCELLANEOUS
LOST—Black raincoat. Finder please call Knight, 8444.
TWO SINGLE ROOMS, continuous hot water, private entrance, near campus. Phone 2816.
SPECIAL SUMMER RATES—Single and double rooms, 125 S. Grant St. Phone 31824.
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN Lawn: Hose, Sprinklers, Mowers, Rakes and Brooms. JOHN SPERB, Hdw. 822 MAIN ST. PHONE 2777
FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES Now Is the Time to Repair Tin and She^ Iron Work of Evoy Destmption Furnace Work of AU Kinds JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop 104 Haim St. Phone 68S2
FULLY INSULATED, shaded room in new home. Twin beds, inner spring mattresses, continuous hot water. Available summer, also next winter. 806 S. Grant.
Junior Military Students: Report to supply room for trunk lockers. (6-6) —HOLMES.
LOST—Blue single breasted suit coat. Label reads "Spartan,” Please call Don Terrio at 2671.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Model T Ford in good condition. Cheap. Phone 36294. 119 Fowler.
Senior Military Students: Please report to supply room and draw ORC eQuipment. (6-6) —HOLMES. Student Co-ops: Those interested in forming a new men’s co-op house meet at Wesley Foundation Tuesday, June 6, at 7:80 p. m. —YAMAMOTO.
FOR RENT—Three room apartment. Everything furnished, call 86061.
Fraternity House Managers: Be sure to get in touch with me before Thursday, June 8, so that I may have your names and summer addresses. —COCHRUN.
FOR SALE—Perfex camera 2.8 ’38 model. Accessories. Phone 2896. 211 South.
LARGE AIRY three window rooms for summer students. House insulated. Phone 7242.
ROOMMATE WANTED by Junior Chemical Engineering student. Also one double room for rent. Both large front rooms with twin beds. Reasonable. 345 Sylvia St. Phone 56824.
ATTRACTIVE double sleeping rooms in modern, private home. Phone 31892.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. EbershofiE, 606 Main St.
LOST—^Black wallet containing credentials belonging to Gene Vernier. Cary Hall East. 8421. LOST—Pair of rimless glasses in blue case. Call Widman, 8421. Reward.
FOR SALE—1 share in Purdue Flying Club. Reasonably priced. Fly new 66 horsepower sh^ Call J. W. Bailey. 5057. FOR SALE—1929 Ford coach. Perfect running condition. May be seen at 445 Vine St. Call Hank Agonis. 71902.
Women Students: There will be swimming in the Women’s Gymnasium pool at 4 p. m. every day during the final examination period. The pool will be open to co-eds only. —KNIGHT.
Fieldhonse Gym Locker Holders: All lockers must be vacated and deposits claimed not later than noon June 10. —KIZER.
Notices
Gimlet Men; All spring pledges bring 90 cents to the Phi Kappa Psi house to pay for paddles. It is very important that this money be paid before the end of the school year. All Gimlets who were pledged last fail may get their Gimlet paddles at the Phi Kappa Psi house immediately. (6-6) —RICHARDSON.
All ME Drawing Students: All drawers in desks in the ME drawing rooms must be emptied by June 10, 1989, in order to allow inspection and repair during summer. Those who will need to use desks during summer school may obtain permission from Mr. Bolz to use specia' desks. '^ocks remaining on drawers will have to be cut. Material remaining in desks after June 10 will be considered as abandoned and can not be guaranteed safe keeping. —AULT.
Camera Club: Traveling available in Student Union get them at once. (6-6)
—HEDDEN.
prints
ease
ASME Seniors: Call for transfer to junior membership at my office, ME building, room 112 between 11 and 12 a. ix, any day before June 10. —COPE.
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices. CROWN LAUNDRY
the Purdue Exponent Service / Directory
• ieoktferM
• Profesfional
"DEAC" Evurythfoig f«r a Coil«0« Education H. Go REISNIR
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vin« Watt Lafay«t1« Phone 4965
• Jeweleri
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS ' Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ava.
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• LockBrnith
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Kays for trurAt, door lacka, daik k>^, night latchaa and padteria. Auto kays a tpaeialty. Mercian, ae’’Tastoriat and rapairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5«h 9t. PtMNa U3»
ssss hrinting OSIe* SUUoaaiy . . P 1 - Waddlnfl InvIUlloiM PHONE " Ww Book., Etc... a 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S dOBFERfty
• Play Golf
• Shoe Repair
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS Students, employees of the University, end members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Urdon Building and at the Fleldhousa at Special University Prices. -
BOSSUNG Shoe RefMir Shop - ^ in tfM VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Freshmen: Ail freshmen who intend to work as sophomores on the Student Union next semester please sign the list posted in the Union office before June 8. (8-6) —BRODD.
Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashier’s office. —HARPER.
campus next fall with me in PIA office. Plans fpr fail activities will neceseitate correspondence with all members. ' —ARCHIBALD.
Military Students: All those interested inpurchasing copies of pictures taken by the Life ffiiotographers see Captain Wiselogel immediately. (6-6) —WISELOGEL. All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1989-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE. NYA Workers: Checks for the period endiAg May_ 16 may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive building. (6-6) —HOLLENSBE.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 18, are reauested to make applica'tion before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. (6-6) —STONE. ASME: All members who joined the Pmrdue branch after February 14 will receive July to October issue of Mechanical Engineering at’ their home addresses in place of back issues. The following should call at my office, ME 112, for back issues due them: M. Bell, T. J. Barley, W. B. Clarke, F. Dengler, R. O. Dlrmeyer, R. H. Elliott, J. E. Hammer, W. E. Houk, A, A, Kuzmltz, D. E. McCoy, R. C. Meleny, E. P. Senk, J. Schaefer, J. K. Langfitt. —COPE.
Seniors: Get commencement annoiine»> ments at Deac’s or Southworth’s immediately. (6-6) ^ —BASSE. Ward Managers: Medals are now ready at Clevett’s office. (6-6) —CLEVETT.
6. E. 11-12—Engineering ifmwlng: Students desiring to remove "O’s” and ‘Ts’' before the dose of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Hmicron Nu: Old and new members should pay their 26 cent assessments to me before leaving school. —MITCHELL.
R^mer Club: All members please leave summer addresses and date of return to
Catalyst Club: New initiates may receive their keys from G. A. Omohundro at 814 Fowler.- ' ' (6-6) —OMOHUNDRO.
Sophomore Chemical, Metallurgical Engineering: A vote of the students concerned has indicated that June 9 and 10, 1989, will be' more convenient dates for the Sophomore Comprehensive Examination than those previously arranged. Since there will be no conflicts every student holding a sophomore card in this school must report for these examinations at the times and places indicated. Bring to the examination writing materials and slide rule. 'The possession or use of any books, tables, papers of any kind during the examination is forbidden. —BRAY.
REMEMBER DAD ON FATHER'S DAY, JUNE 18 BUY HIM A GIFT FROM
sctstaXial ^Xaininq
If you are not placed within thirty days after you graduate from our college, all tuition payments will be refunded in full. CO-EDUCATIONAL Only four-year high school graduates enrolled. STEWART 6780 79th and Halsted Streets CHICAGO, ILLINOIS
FACULTY ROOMS in V Union Clim For Fall Semester Are Now Available APPLY NOW
in
Manager’s Office for these \ PLEASANT and COMFORTABLE ACCOMMODATIONS PRIVATE BATH AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM JhsL fijuAdujL Wsmufiud. Union, Comer of the Campus - Yet the Center of College Activities