v
Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 56
Tuesday, November 14, 1936
T
Late News Bulletins Prince Freidrich Wilhelm Detained In Britain London, Nov. 13-7-Prince Freidrich Wilhelfh, grandson of the exiled former German Kaiser, was understood to have been detained in north Britain at the start of the war. He is now on a parole basis, it was announced. Before the war broke out the prince was a frequent visitor in Kngland. Finnish Delegates Leave Moscow Moscow, Nov. 13—Finnish delegates left Moscow today without any agreement with the Soviet as to the Russian demands for Russian naval and military base in Finnish territory. The head of the delegation, J. K. Paasikivi, would not discuss the reason for the breakdown of negotiations. German Planes Raid Northern France Paris, Nov. 13—The French military office today announced German planes over northeastern France during the previous night. Early Monday morning air raid warnings sounded in Paris. Communique Number 142 said that there was a great dea* of activity on the Western Front near the Saar River. Netherlands Prepared For Eventualities The Hague, Nov. 13—^The Netherlands is prepared for all eventualities with her mobilized forces standing on “mutual protection to all,” said Dr. Geer, Dutch Premier. He denied the humors that had been circulating for several days about acutd, threatening danger to the country.
Dr. Lind Will Address Student Section AChS Thursday At 7:30 P.M. Dr. Samuel Lind, Dean of the Institute of Technology at the University of Minnesota, and presidentelect of the American Chemical Society, will speak at the meeting of the student society, November 16, at 7:30 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Lind is the inventor of the Lind interchangeable electroscope for radium measurements, and the originator of the ionization theory of the Chemical effects of radium rays. His wide experience in teaching and research make him exceptionally well qualified to discuss the subject he has chosen for the evening, “Radio-activity, Natural and Artificial.” There will be a dinner preceding the meeting at which Dr. Lind will be the guest of honor, and all who are interested are invited to attend both the dinner and the lecture. Reservations for the dinner may be made with F. J. Allen, of the Chemistry Department. 4-H Club Will Sponsor Party Saturday Night 4-H club will sponsor a party from 8 to 11 o’clock Saturday night in Memorial Gymnasium, All memt)prs_of the club may attend and bring guests. Games, entertainment, eats, and dancing will be on the program for the evening. The committee in charge urges that all who plan to attend get tickets early in order that arrangrements may be made. Members of the club have tickets for sale. Women's Honorary To Entertain Co-ed$ Experimental science co-eds will be entertained hy Mortar Board on Sunday, afternoon, November 19, from 3 to 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. 'The new science course, which is available to co-eds only, provides an opportunity for concentrated study in the field of the student’s choice, rather than preparing the student for a career of professional scientific work, and 'is so far extremely successful. Reception ... for all science faculty and students will be held today in the Union hallroom at 7:80 p. m. Ruth Bennett, chairman in charge, urges ths attendance of everybody in order that they may have the opportunity of meeting in Ws get-acquainted atmosphere.
literary Magazine Opens Position To Freshmen On Ed And Business Staffs Scrivener Club, campus literary organization, invites all freshmen interested in magazine publication to attend a meeting today at 4 o’clock in the Scrivener office in the Union. The club’s call for freshman workers on both the editorial and business staff is a reversal of policy, since positions previously have been open to upperclassmen only. Annual Contest At a meeting of the organization, held Sunday evening, plans were made for an open meeting, and procedure for the annual freshman literary contest was announced. Manuscripts, whether short stories, essays, poetry or plays, should be turned into the office of the faculty advisor, room 204, University Hall, by noon November 22, in order to be eligible for the contest. Three cash prizes of five dollars for first place, three dollars for second place, and two dollars for third place, will be presented to the winners and the best manuscripts submitted will be published in the second edition of the Scrivener maga-
Union Issues Call • For Sophomores All sophomores interested in woi'king on the Student Union staffs wil| meet this qfternoon at 4 o’clock in the Reception room of the Union. The meeting will be for all those who have worked on the staff before but are not at tjiis time and all those who are interested in starting out from scratch. Union officials stated that a number of important announcements will he made at this meeting and it is quite jnjperative that all who have ambitions to join the staff attend. Seniors May Order Extra Debris Photos Orders for senior pictures are now being taken in the Dehris workshop on the second,floor in the Union, by representatives of the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios. Delivery before Christmas will be guaranteed for all pictures ordered now. It is important that all seniors who have received notices that their proofs are here, report as soon as possible to make selections of proofs for the Debris. Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Wendel Davis, Marengo, and Samuel Scott, New Albany.
Reamer Club Will Sponsor Show To Aid Athletic Fund As this year’s contribution to its annual drive for funds to aid the athletic department. Reamer Club will sponsor a cinema at the Lafayette theatre on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of this week. Ticket sales commenced yesterday and will continue until Thursday evening. This year’s show will be the 20th Century-Fox production, “Twenty Thousand Men a Year,” a show built around the CAA flight training program. The fact that CAA training is being given here should make this picture of even greater interest to students. Starring are Randolph Scott, Margaret Lindsay, Mary Healy, Preston Foster, and Maxie Rosenbloom. Tickets will be on sale at the west desk of the Union, at Deac’s, and Southworth’s, and by all Reamer members. Thirty cent tickets will be good for all seats at any matinee performances until 6 p. m., while forty cent tickets will be good for all parts of the house at any time. By agreement with the Lafayette theatre. Reamer Club will confine their ticket sales to West Lafayette. Guest Speakers Will Discuss Propaganda At Next SDX Meeting Herb Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal - Courier, and Frank Jones, telegraph editor, will discuss propaganda in the foreign news and evaluation of news from the European war fronts at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic honorary, Thursday evening. The meeting will be held at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union building. Following the guest speakers. Sigma Delta Chi members will discuss plans for the Riveters Rassle on December 8, and prepare their list of pledges. Prof. E. C. Stair Announces Annual Horticulture Show Contest Winners Today Winners in the annual horticulture show held here last week were announced today. Prof. E. C. Stair of the horticulture staff said entries in all contests were almost double those of last year. Winners announced were: Vegetable judging — Klondike high school, first; Otterbein high school, second; Reitz high school, Evansville, third; Wea high school, Tippecanoe county, fourth, and Greenfield, fifth. Mike Jewett of Klondike high school was the high individual scorer with 349 out of a possible 400 points. Apple judging—Millersburg high school, first; Paragon high school, second; Wheatfield high school, third? Wheatfield, fourth, and Evansville, fifth. Howard Marvel of Burnettsville and Seward Carter of Paragon tied for high point honors with 349. Apple identification — Seward Carter, Paragon high school, first; Dale Vashell, Paragon, second, and Keith Allee, Paragon, thiyd. Apple sweepstakes winners — Commercial growers’ class, Mark Byers, Vincennes; 4-H and vocational class, Gordon Myers, 'Klondike; Purdue student class, James Billingsley, West Lafayette. Nut sweepstakes—William Miles, Jefferson, black walnuts. Vegetable sweepstakes winners— Commercial gn^owers’ class, Henry Emme, Butler; 4-H and vocational class, William Beckwith, Butler; Purdue student class, E. E. Phillips, Bristol.
Religious Emphasis Week Opens With Seminars. Convo
Speakers Discuss Marriage; Problems Confronting Youth Speaking at the semiqar on Science and Religion, Arthur H. Compton discussed his subject with the introduction of 10 questions on the relationship between God and Science. Discussing the question, “Is There An Intelligent God?” Dr. Compton asserted that the further scientists go into the question of how we came into being the more convinced they are that it is not by chance. A power greater than man’s has brought the world and man to their present stage of development. On Marriage At the seminar on “Preparation for Marriage and the Home,” at which Mrs. Grace Sloan Overton spoke, such a large crowd attended that people were turned away. This same subject will be discussed tomorrow at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. During her discussion yesterday Mrs. Overton stated, “Ninety per cent of the couples are in love when they marry, however, we are treating romantic marriage very badly.” In the seminar conducted on “Christianity and International Problems,” causes, and probable solutions to the present international problems were discussed by R. H. E. Espey, Paul Harris, Jr., and Henry Smith Leiper. It was brought out by these speakers that human sin, economic trouble, and physical separation of the races had been advanced by various authorities as causes of the conflict. Ground For Hope However, as stated by Mr. Leiper, “we have ground for hope that the world may be united in peace through the church. Religion stands out as the upholder of internationality. It now has a fellowship that reaches around the world. The Christian Church seems at present to hold only hope for union of the Nations of the world.” Muriel Lester, Founder and Director of Kingsley Hall, London, discussed the founding of the Hall in the seminar on Christianity and Economics Problems.” Her philosophy, “You’ve no right to more than you need while others have less than they need,” was the idea on which the founding of the Hall was based. Following Miss Lester, A. J. Muste discussed the same subject in relation to his work at the Labor Temple in New York City. Christian Character Speaking in room F of the Union on “Christian Character and Personality,” Mrs. Harper Sibley said that an intelligent religious faith is the core of successful personality. These same subjects will be discussed for the next four days in the same rooms and conducted by the same speakers, thus enabling students to atjtend all five seminars. WSGA Training School To Begin Third Series Of Lecture Meetings Sophomore co-ed activities workers’ training school will meet tomorrow and Thursday in room C of the Union at 4 o’felock. Margaret Sauer will speak on the Orientation Program for transfer students while Libby Barmes will tell about the Orientation Program for freshmen. WSGA elections will be discussed by Marianne Wilson. This will be the third meeting of the curijent series of lectures which are being sponsored by WSGA, under the direction of Ann Sickman, president of the organization.
Or. Compton
Virginia C. Meredith Club To Hear YWCA National Executive Mrs. Harper Sibley, National YWCA Vice President, will talk to the Virginia C. Meredith Club tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Union building. “Personality Development” will be the subject for her speech. Mary Glenn Yeager, president of the club, has announced that the meeting will be open to all co-eds. Mrs. Sibley, here as a Religious Emphasis Week speaker, is a member of the National Council of Federated Cnurch Women and was the religious advisor on women’s campus of the University of Rochester. She is also a member of the board of trustees of the Rochester YWCA. Her activities also extend to the Far East, where she is on the board of trustees of Hua Chung College at Wuchang, China. Virginia C. Meredith club memberships have almost doubled this year. Anyone still wishing to join may obtain a membership card from Miss Margaret Beeman in the Home Economics office for 50 cents during the next week.
Compton Speaks At Religious Convocation In Eliza Fowler Hall Tonight Dr. Arthur Compton of Chicago University addressed approximately 1,000 students, faculty, and townspeople in Eliza Fowler Hall. The subject of the rather informal lecture was “A Scientist Looks at Religion.” * Dr. Compton stated that the rise of man is a direct result of his increasing ability to help his fellow man and that Science and Technology is the central thread of huiiian development. He seemed to rather regret the fact that increasing scientific knowledge seemed to obscure the development of art and music. The Chicago educator stressed the importance of man cooperating with God to better the condition of society and that a fundamental law of biology is that nature is not concerned with the individual but tvith the^fiuthering of the species. Dr. Compton seemed to believe that the most important trend in human development was that of developing into a social being from an individual. He also showed how the arts, music and dancing developed in cycles and believed that religion would do the same. Anecdotes of numerous trips to China and India and the philosophies of their peoples tended to enliven the lecture for the students. Dr. Compton’s opinion could be condensed in the statement “work with God if you would receive his benefits.” After his lecture, Dr. Compton remained at Fowler Hall to answer questions by the audience. Union Will Sponsor Tea Dance Today The second Union sponsored tea dance of the semester will take place this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. As usual the dance will be to the tune of recorded music and catting will be allowed only between numbers instead of at any time. Passports will be required for entrance to the ballroom.
Today's Schedule 8:00 a.m.—Dr. Levy, Sducation Building, Room 6. 8:00 a. m.—La'orge, Ag. 304. 10:00 a. m.—Noss, Education building, Room 11. 10:00 a.m.—Compton, Physics 202 (all classes). ‘ 11:00 a. m.—Harkness, Ag. Farm Management, Room 117. 11:00 a. m.—Overton, Education Building, Room 6, Dr. Levy. 11:00 a. m.—^Tippy, Ag. Hall. Luncheons 12:00 p. m.—Compton, Faculty lunch, Union, Room 1-2. 12:10-12:30'p. m.—Quiet Hour, Fowler Hall, Organ Music. 1:00 p. m.—226 Horticulture, Forestry. 2:00 p. m.—Bollihgton, 204 Agriculture. 2:00 p.m.—Sibley, Housemother’s Co-op. 2:00 p.m.—^WBAA, Compton. Senainars 4 to 5 p. m. 1. Preparation for Maniage and the Home, Stanley Coulter Hall, Mrs. Grace Sloan Overton. 2. Christian Character and Personality, Room P, Purdue Memorial Union Building, Mrs. Harper Sibley. 3. Christianity and Economic Problems, Room 101, Education Building, Miss Muriel Lester and A. J. Muste. 4. Christianity and International Problems, Assembly Room 233, Chemistry Annev, R. H. E. Espy and Paul Harris,; Jr. 5. Science and Religion, Room 201, Education Building, Miss Geo:^a Harkness. 5:00 p.m.—^Harkness, Tea, Wesley Foundation Girls. Dinners 6:00 p. m.—Sibley, Women’s Residence Hall, West. 6:00 p.m.—Greenough, Pi Phi. 6:00 p.m.—^Harkness, Twin Pines. 6:00 p. m.—^Harris, Women’s Residence Hall, North. 6:00 p.m.—^Tippy, Terry Hall, West. 6:00 p.m.—^West, Theta Xi. 6:00 p.m.—Muste, Tau Kappa Epsilon. 6:00 p.m.—Overton, Westminster House. 6:00 p.m.—Rooks, Alpha Gamma Rho. Evenings 7:30 p. m.—^Lester-Muste, Convo—^“The Personal Resources of Christian Faith—at Fowler Hall.■A
A »
r)’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
fuesdayt November 14/ 1939
\
m
Purdue Exponent
Ri E. Inkier If. K. 8nUIi...„ ........
Bditoi^in-ChKC ^ BaslocM Manwer
Religious Emphasis ... sometimes takes a back seat at this engineering school of ours, where although many i students attend church regularly, a large number set aside Sunday morning for sleeping purposes. The sleepers rarely attend church, but still practically all of them profess to be good Christians. Purdue does not have a chapel, or compulsory religious services, and some students may have slipped away from their church ties while in college. Others may be seeking even greater spiritual life than they receive in church every ' Sunday. Both groups may find a new awakening in Purdue’s Religious Emphasis Week program. With the cooperation of the Federal Council of Churches, Purdue’s Committee of 100 has brought to the campus a corps of speakers which includes some of the finest personalities in the world. The quality and caliber of the addresses which these men and women will give, and the seminars which they will lead, cannot be denied. The engineer may well ask, “What is religion? What good does it do, and how can it be applied practically to my life?” Reli^on will not fit into a set of formulas. Rather, it is the attempt to define the driving force of the uni-
Phonest Editorial, 400S: Biikiness, 6038; Sports, 279S Pablished daily except Monday during the academie year. En> tered as second class natter at the poet Office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage pro'rided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, auttorized January 20, 1922. aapaaasNTBD for national AoyERTiBiNa kv NationalAdvertisingServiceJnc. ColUge Publishers Representatiot 420 Madison AvE. new York, N. Y. CHICAOO - BOSTOH bos ANGELES ».SAH FRANCISCO "This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduates students of' Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor Willsey
Issue Editor—^Kennedy
verse which makes all formulas and the laws of nature hold true. Speakers this week will not discuss the idealistic type of religion, nor will they be the “Hell and high water” type of country preacher. They will tell, however, how, religion may be applied to our daily lives, and will tell some of their o-wn experiences. They will tell in the modern manner how religion can operate more freely in the college student’s daily life, and how the proper religious attitude will build better men and women. The schedule includes a full week of afternoon seminars and evening convocations. Check the program, try to attend as many of the meetings as you possibly can. The visiting leaders are specialists, and what you have a chance to learn this week will stay with you long after your classroom days are over.
dUm, and. dish. By (Jeorgann Schilling
Won’t it be wonderful to take yonr tax or evening wrap out of moth balls again, look into the business of a corsage, and get all ready for the season’s first formal, the Military Ball? Friday night will be a red-letter night on the sodal calendar. Tliis year’s music makers are the tops; so whether you^lan to dance upstairs or in the ballroom, you’ll like the music maestros. —H&H— We’ve been having much fun noticing the costume jewelry worn around the campus this fall. Designers are making trinkets out of yery unusual articles this year. JEAN PRUST wears a necklace of tiny pencils and bridge pads as a decoration on her sweaters. Numerous composition spoons on bright colors hang on a chain around MARTHA LOMMEL’S neck, while BETTY WICKARD is sporting an oriental look ■with her very new Chinese necklace. One of the cleverest bits of jewelry ever is the" coin purse necklace which MARGUERITE FUNKHOUSER wears. Each little purse opens and contains a penny. Cagey people these costume jewelers!
Since I met you I can’t eat I can’t sleep I can’t drink Why not? I’m broke I —H & H— • Women aren’t the only creaturOs who change style in clothes. You’d think men would be fairly content to select a good looking, comfortable style for their evening wear and let it go at that. Yet each season brings minor revisions in color and cut of evening clothes. This season satin facing is again being used on lapels with ribbed silk styles relegated to second choice. Everyone now accepts the turndo'wn collar with dinner jackets, and the double breasted coat is still far and away the leader. The tailcoat is virtually the same as last year, and with this style coat a stiffbosom pique shirt with pear studs is used. —H&H— Midnight blue is the top favorite for both dinner jackets and tail coats for this color does not develop into the greenish hue into which black is apt to fall'after a service period of several years. Either pearl or onyx studs may be worn with the dinner jacket. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
WBAA Today 11:00—The Dentist Says. 1:16—Sam Hamilton, pianist. 11:3(1—The Home Makers. 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 1:00—Monitor "Views the News. 1:16—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Song Time. l:46-^Market Reports. 2:00—Community Programs. 2:16—^Virginia Reed, violinist. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:46—Treasure Cbest. 3:00—The Voice of Industry. 3:16—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3:30—Glenn Paxton. 4:00—^Heralds of Destiny. 4:16—Exponent of the Air. 4:30—Jane Caldwell, soprano. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Cyclists
. . . who are interested in forming a cycling club should meet in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building at 7:30 this evening. The representative of the League of American 'Wheelmen will present and discuss the acti'vities of the clubs in other parts of the country.
You^ll want Jeanne d* Arc^s newest, these little
to wear under your coat
$'7-95
Beautiful bright colors to flash gaily under your coat. Wonderful colors to take you smartly from campus to classroom, to stadium dates and movies. In golden brown, red, green, blue, also in the ever fashionable black. Sizes 9 to 17. Loeb^s Dress Shop - Second Floor
The week end is over . . . in case you didn’t hear, Purdue took Northwestern and the student body took over the Windy city. If you listen to all the stories that have come back to town, you nyght wonder just where the Windy city is located ... we elect West Lafayette. —B & B— From under our table at the Blackhawk we observed a most successful Purdue rally ... if only we could attract that much spirit in a pep‘session here. It was quite interesting to note Jane Ostrander trying to talk over the din of Johnny Davis’ trumpet. Ydjur editor will bet that Jane was heard ... staggering out to the bar we saw the Sigma Chi’s gift to the women, Bill Hart, being just as nonchalant as ever . . . and in a bar, too . . . and then there was Verplank wandering around checking up on everyone. Carl seemed to have some inside information on the game because he was in that winning spirit. —B & B— INSPECTION TRIP NEWS: Leave it to our female engineers to get in the news. Peg “Knock, Knock” Little walked in on some of the boys at the Northern hotel and they were in the midst of dressing ... hereafter, Peggy dear, always knock before entering ... even when you are told to come in. —B & B— Following the seniors over to Kitty Da'vis’ we walked in on “Pudgy” Thomson, SPE Crooner, singing “El Rancho Grande.” Seems that some of the boys had framed him into singing, but he ended up by getting the last laugh. P. S. He got to kiss the prettiest girl in the house . . . My but these Purdue rah, rah boys are just terrors when they get away from their home grounds. —B & B— And from the faculty comes some more news concerning the week end. In History class Prof. Mayhill informed his class that if they wanted to see something profan,e and vulgar they should see “My even know you were married, ProDear Children” . . . and we didn’t fessor. Some kids? —B & B—Even if we hadn’t seen the game the fact that Purdue won is quite evident bn Monday afternoon in the Sweet Shop . . . with Lou Brock, Vyverberg, and Bykowski “joeing” yes, our winning kicker from Saturday’s game had a day off too, but Betty’s an acti'vity girl now, Montague ... incidentally, we can proounce your name, too.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THE STORY YOU LIVED NOW ROARS FROM'
HUMPHREY BOGART GLADYS GEORGE JEFFREY LYNN'FRANK HcaUGH-PAOL REUY
umnKiu TODAY-WEDNESDAY
/^^LESLIE INTERMEZZO A Love Slory Inirodueing INGRID BERGMAN
EXTRA
Purdue-Northwestern Paramount News Football Pictures
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uchty
“I 'wish you’(3 stuff a shirt in Junior’s mouth—I’m trying to listen to this program on child psychology!”
Most common expression after the week end: “I’m broke.” Well, so am I. —B&B— Old times are here again with Treva Berry and Beany Dygert again showing their faces in the Shoppe . .. ALSO RAN: Peg Sharkey was in Chicago for the week end . . . just shopping around, —B&B— We stand corrected. It is not Lambda Chi Diehl, but George Greey who has his pin on Mary Jane Dietrich. We don’t know which of the boys was maddest over our eiTor! —B & B— Jim Miller says he is not not nice, like we recently said. He thinks his fuzzy head gives people the wrong impression.
6. K. Miller Will Address Radio , Enthusiasts Tonight G, K. Miller, instructor in the Electrical Engineering school, 'will address the Purdue Amateur-Radio Club tonight at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building on the subject “The Vacuum Tube Voltmeter.” Following the talk, a code aptitude test will be offered to those members who wish to take part in club activities. All persons with a . sincere interest in amateur radio as well as members of the club are invited to attend the lecture.
POMM
... pledges will receive their fourageres at Corps Day today. All junior members should attend in full imiform according to POMM officials.
LUHA TODAY- WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Jh« Mexander Dumat Ctauic
MM &mmMm Uormp LOUIS HAMD • JOAN BH PLUS—^2nd Feature
EVEiIBBEI.iOIALB BBiBBB irm!,UBDIBAI • Built BIAoaB
MARS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAL MOV. 18
A GEORSE ABBOTT HOT I
eSarriug iMemE irnmn um aRtaLVHN eutm • evnuA oomb • ASbuinPlay. OIRfCT FIIQIR SROADWAV ALL SEATS RESERVED BOX OFFICE Oi>EN DAILY 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-2.00 Eve. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 —Tax Included-^
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE They're a Panic With a New Design for Living and Loving I
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— WITH — CHARLES BICKFORD JEAN PARKER — AND — 'Return of the Cisco Kid' -.WITH — WARNER BAXTER LYNN BARI —ALSO — "RED BARRY," SERIAL
WAITER GOIONIUy • HUta HERBEM • MEIVIUE OMFER — PLUS — The Devil Is Their Playmate ».Sudden Death Is The Game
MARGARET LINbSAY-RONALD REAGAN
'n
'■ v
'' >'.U-.w^v
t ■ ■ ■■ ■
Tuesday, November 14, 1939
^xpomnL Spo^ ficufSL
% %
V Varsity Awaits New Practice Courts Fresh Net Squad Cut
Moeller
/
Numbering 24 men present, the freshmen basketball squad will be enlarged at the end of the football season with the reporting of about 10 frosh gridders. The ultimate size of the squad, according to Coach Ward Lambert, will probably hover close-to 20 players. Dutch Will 'Take Over Although currently in charge of the frosh squad, Lambert will confine his coaching duties to the varsity group when conditions are so the varsity can be moved to the large !Piel<ihouse floor. At the conclusion of the gri4 schedule, Dutch Fehring, line coach and also head baseball mentor, will take over the instruction of the rhinies, assisted by Larry Imhoff. Imhoff has been serving as a freshman football coach this fall. In selection of the players, who will compose the frosh squad, Lambert takes into consideration their likelihood of playing on the varsity team. High school records mean little to a player attempting to make a college squad; however, the experience and knowledge of fun-
damentals incurred in prqp school are readily noticeable by the / coaches. Varsity Practice On the 'Cfest' side of the second floor courts in the Fieldhouse the varsity is daily having shooting practice, and usually near the end of practice they are matched for a brief scrimmage with the freshmen. The varsity squad now totals about ■ 36 men with the addition of a few football players in the next two weeks. Eli Yeager, first string guard last year; Frostry Sprowl, sophomore forward, and possibly Johnny Galvin will report to Laipbert at that, time.
Boilermakers Take Well Earned Rest From Drill Hostilities in the Boilermaker grid camp were momentarily silenced yest6rday afternoon as the members of the courageous squad who resisted the irresistible force of the Northwestern attack by an immovable forward wall, and who made their initial appearance in the Big Ten victory column Via the accurate toe of Fred Montague, were given a well-earned rest from practice. The only sign of activity to be noticed was the huddle of the Riveter coaching staff, busily considering the best plan of attack to use against the hard luck Badger team of Wisconsin in the forthcoming battle at Madison Saturday. Devoid Injuries
York
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
ma s.
er'ULce
For Every Taste
•Olie lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and mcxiern furnishings. eVL Sweet Skdp for those leisure moments when a refreshing drink is wanted.
• DL (Cafeteria is the place to go when time is limited and a good meal, well cooked, is in demand.
• ZJL
Ckeitnui l\c
. . . stellar Wisconsin end, strains into the ether waves to snatch a pass from ...
Squash Candidates Meet Today At 4:30 All members of last year’s varsity squash team and any aspiring candidates from the upper three classes will meet this afternoon at 4:30 in room 204 of the Fieldhouse. A discussion of the planned activities and a discussion of the schedule will be held during the meeting. Coach Clevett urges the attendance of the following men': Morley,. Munro, Eberhard, Blessing, ^ente. Smith, Bond, Adams, McMillan, Campbell, Mann, Thayer, Messmore, and DubraflP. Greek Teams Play For Place In Touchball Finals Alpha Sigma Phi and Tau Eappa Epsilon will play tomorrow afternoon on Intramural Field for the right to meet Phi Kappa fraternity. This game will determine the last team to enter the eight-team finals which will be played off at a later date. Other fraternities which are represented in the finals are as follows: Phi Kappa Sigma, Theta Chi, Alpha Tau Omega, Lambda Chi, Kappa Sigma, Sigma Pi, and Phi Kappa Tau.
Despite the rugged line play and the hard defensive game in the Wildcat tilt, the Riveter squad is completely devoid of injuries of any consequence, and is expected to be at full strength for the invasion of the Badger attack.' Although the Stuhldreher guided eleven has won only a single game during the current season, they have suffered more bad breaks than has any other team in the conference, and are certainly due for a win. In their season’s opener with a strong University of Texas eleven, the Badgers suffered defeat by falling before the strong Texan aerial attack. Defeat Hilltoppers The following week the Badgers eked out a bare 14 to 13 victory over their arch rivals, Marquette, a team which defeated the Spartans of Michigan State. The next four weeks the Wisconsin team lost hard fought battles to a quartet of major Big Ten elevens. The four succeeding defeats at the hands of Northwestern, Indiana, Iowa, and Illinois were all tough breaks for the Bladger eleven, as they outgained each of their opponents in first downs and yardage gained. In addition, they ripped the highly-touted Iowa line, which was a major factor in defeating Indiana’s Big Three to smithereens and completely outsmarted the Hawkeye eleven, only to lose because of the deadly pass hurling of Nile Kinnick. Kinnick tossed three pay dirt passes in the fracas, and set up the lowans remaining tally by virtue of a lengthy pass. “Roaring George’’ Leading the Badger attack is hard driving fullback “Roaring” George Paskvan, a man said by the Ulini to be mightier than the all-mighty
Tom Harmon, of Michigan. Assisting Paskvan in the backfield is Claude York, ‘veteran right half, and recently advanced Tom Farris and John Tennant at quarterback and left halfback positions. The Badgers line contains such stalwarts as Dick Embick at right guard, A1 Lorenz and Ralph Moeller at end, along with A1 Dorscyh at right tackle. The effectiveness of this veteran line speaks for itself by the way in which the line has opened chasms in opponents forward walls to allow the Wisconsin backs to outgain their victors in each of their losses.
The Tops . ^ m Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
pstdeJdL ^JwiOL By Robert J. Deckard Counted out of the race before the 1939 Western Conference football season got linderway. Dr. Eddie Anderson’s Iowa Hawkeyes have fought against unbelievable odds during the current campaign, odds that would have knocked the spirit and morale out of any team in the nation, and turned in one of the finest records of the year, as of today. —fe— Sage Dr. Anderson has performed miracles. Faced with the problem of instituting a new system of gridiron tactics at the Hawks school, getting off to a good start with some razor-edged alumni, and a potential “eight-ball’ schedule, Anderson has maneuvered his charges around as efficiently as a veteran pilot in a pursuit plane. The result: Iowa, five wins versus one loss to opponents. —fe— With such sterling performers as Enich, Prasse, Coupee, Kinnick, and Bergstrom in the lineup, Iowa has struck opponents with the force of a harpoon and a vestige of savagery that quickens the blood. —^fe—The Cornbelt Comets upset Indi-
. . . veteran right halfback, and iron-man of the Cardinals.
I-M Schedules
BASKETBALV—Today Court 1—Swing:. 7:00—Delta Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7 ;15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau. 8:26—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Ah?ha Kappa Lambda. . 8:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Court 2—Smithson. 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:15—^Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:25—Alph^ Chi Rho vs. Theta Ki. 8:40—^Triangle vs. Phi Kappa PsiCourt 3—^Brinduse. 7:00—Sigma Nu vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7:16—Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:26—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. 8:40—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Kappa.
Snbscribe To The Exponent
oom
will make a lasting impression upon guests with its fine appointments, courteous service, and tasty food.
• .^^e Sowiin^ ^>4iiei^6 Good Equipment for Enjoyable Exercise
JhsL fiWtduJL
FORMALS Before you buy your formal for the Military Ball—or for any social, event this year, come to our store and see our large, variety of beautiful formals which we are selling at a most reasonable price.
Harry's Style Shop
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School SuppHaa
i‘ Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phcna 5701
*DEAC' Everything for a College Educetton
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sp'erb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prioee 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
• jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COPPK 5c
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and (^tomatrlst 504 f^in St.
• Tailor
e Florists
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Domar's Flower Shop Quality Ffoweie Main at Tth Niane 8090
/{rift
' VJlrs
TOUCHBALLr-Today 6—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Tau Kappa EpField Official silon. McGrath 8— Ward 27 vs. Winner (Ward 11 vs. 24). Chaffee 9— Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 12. Mann. 10—Cary Hall 1 or C. H. 6 vs. Cary Hall 11. Adams
ana, dropped a tough one to Michigan, then defeated Wisconsin and Purdue for their best Western Conference season in a decade. 'Then they eked one out over one of the reputedly-flnest teams in the entire nation, Notre Dame, by a scoire of 7 to 6. —^fc— Considering their spunky football playing, their fine record this year, and their potential scoring punch to win the ball games, FC rates the Hawkeyes this week as the 11th finest team in the nation. —^fc— FC’s complete ratings of the 12 outstanding teams in the nation follow in order of their superiority and power: Tennessee, Texas A and M, Southern California, Tulane, Oklahoma, Cornell, North Carolina, Ohio State, Notre Dame, Nebraska, Iowa, and Duquesne.''t SI I 'vw^ -i, 1 ^"f ^ ^ '
,» -f¥ t-^ar^v: \
*%
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 14, 1939
Famous Players In Comedy
Notices
No notices will be accepted after S p. at.
Exponent Editorial Workers* There will be a meeting of all Exponent male editorial staff workers in room D Thursday, November 16 at 7 p m Attendance is almost compulsory Roll will be taken fof the first time in Exponent’s history as long as I can remember —FRED
All Seniors Who have not had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have them taken at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis this week Activity charts must be filled out at the Debns office at once —STRONG
Chi Epsilon Pledges* Meet at Civil building at 7 30 p m Wednesday, November 16 Bring candy cigarettes, plumb bobs flashlights and pencils —CORNELL
Tau Beta Pi Important meeting at 7 p m Wednesday November 16 in room 114 of the Mechanical Engineering build-
Selection of pledges
—CATTERALL
Alpha Phi Omega* Important meeting in room F of the Union Wednesday November 16 at 7 30 p m Pledging and election Please be present —McCAMMON
ing
Aeronautics Students A sound film on Consolidated Aircraft Factory methods wil be shown in room 202 of Heavilon Hall at 4pm today —WOOD
Col. R. Rosson
Gimlet There will be a meeting of actives and pledges at the Sigma Nu house Wednesday November 16 at 6 p m —FRAZEE
Cyrilla Dome “What a Life,” pioduced by George Abbott, is booked to play matinee and evening performances Saturday, November 18, at the Mais theatei This stage-comedy is from .the pen of Cliff Old Goldsmith, who makes audiences laugh, makes them laugh by giving them a clean boisteious bit of fun For his subject mattei, playwiight Goldsmith has gone to a slice of life dear to everyone’s heait, high school days, and he’s done such a neat job of depicting all the minor escapades, all ihe minoi tiagedies that beset the average high school student, that his play glows with an air of postive well-being He has taken one character, highlighted him against the school background, and made him the most heait-waiming fellow we have had about for yeais His Henly Aldiich (played by Jackie Coogan) may not adheie to the role of the three “r’s” but he more than makes up foi his lack of studious behavior by gratifying audiences
of Culver Military Academy desciibed his school and showed motion pictures of student life at' the Lafayette Kiwanis club regular meeting last Thursday noon. Following the meeting, Simon Heestra announced that Kiwanis club membeis had pui chased more than onefourth of the total supply of tickets available foi the Purdue-Kiwanis football banquet to be held November 28
Independent Staff Brody is night editor Giiffin issue editor this week Get assign ments from dog after 4pm Tuesday November 14 ■—-BRODY
POMM Actives and Pledges Formal pledging will be held in the Armory at 6 p m Wednesday Novembei 16 Wear formal uniforms Banquet will be held in the Union at 5 30 p m All members and pledges are expected to attend this banquet Bring 75 cents •—HOLTER
Triton Club There will be an aquacade practice Tuesday November 14, at 7 30 p m in the Women s Gym —SPEARS
Four Hoosiers
Catalyst Club Very important business meeting at Chem and Met building Thursday November 16, at 7 30 p m Final announceitient about joining Alpha Chi Sigma All members please be present —OMOHUNDRO
are selected to serve as judges of the livestock and gram to be shown at the International Livestock Exposition Hay and Gram Show to be held m Chicago December 2-9
WBAA Staff Meeting of the Purdue Ra dio Guild Thuisday, November 16 at 7 16 p m in room 134 of the EE building —MILLER
wuth some howling good laughs The Legitimate Theater-Corpora-tion of America, is said to have gathered good material to work with “There isn’t a flaw to be found,” critics agiee, m the production Josephine Dunn, Frank McGlynn and Cyrilla Dome are some of the most important principals surrounding Jackie Coogan
Fellowship of Reconciliation There will be an open meeting at 9 16 p m Tuesday November 14 at the Wesley Foundation —BELCHER
Gold Peppers Compulsory meeting Tues day November 14 at 5 o clock in Old Chestnut room —^MITCHELL
Sigma Delta Chi Meeting Thursday No vember 16 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union Herb Heimlich will speak at the open meeting dance plans and pledges will be oiscussed at business meeting following —TERRIO
THE DATED LAOHDERED SHIRT 6UARANTEE Marks a New Era in Modern Laundering
Always in step with progress—anxious to better serve you, we give you the “Dated Laundered Shirt” guarantee. Send us your shirts when^new. We date them and guarantee a full year’s wear if laundered by us exclusively. If a shirt wears out within the year we replace it.
The Thrifty Way to Get a “New’’ Wardrobe is to Have Your Suits “Re-NEW-ed” by Dry Cleaning
©Ei®OT iMmm
N E
CLEANERS OF F INE CLOTHES
Formals Are a Fascinating Influence This Is Proven True At Every GALA OCCASION on the CAMPUS
Were it not for an occasional formal affair, life op the campus would be rather dull.
That’s where our evening frocks come in, assuring its prospective wearers style and poise so essential at these affairs. The formal season is just ahead—come in soon and try on a "different looking” dress.
415 Mam Street
Phone 5900
Men’s All-Campus Bowling Touriiament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 28 —BROOKS
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 14, in room 254 of the EE building at 7 30 p m Everybody welcome —PITCHER
PIA Men’s Chorus: Convocations this week make it inadvisable ,to meet. Next meeting may be Tuesday, November 14, Instead of the Thursday following. —ARCHIBALD
ber 14, in the Reception room of the Union. —FRANTZREB
Senior Tactics. Make-ups for hours missed during the week of inspection trips will be held in room 108 of the Armory on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, November 18, 14, 16, 17, at 4 p m for the ‘ B” hour and 6pm for the “A" hour —CAPT THOMPSON
All Sophomores: Interested in working on Union are invited to a mass meeting which will be held in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p m , Tuesday, November 14 Sophomores already out for Union are asked to attend as important information will be presented —ROYOE.
Camera Club Members: Photo mdunt boards are now available at the West desk of the Union for use in the coming exhibit. ai-16) —HOPPER.
huting Club. Roller skating party at Maple Point on Wednesday, November 16, at 7 30 Skating until 10 80, anyone wishing to go must get tickets for skates before leaving for the rink Call following for tickets and transportation: Marge Ward, 41111, Marcile Long, 2828, Fred Cordua, 36298, George Shawkins, 66714 All students are invited —SHAWKINS
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every FrL day at 7 80 p m by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong Bring dates for swimming— boys 10 cents Everybody welcome (11-16) —MATHER
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given In room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p m on Saturday, November 18 Please consult me at once. —SONESON
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on^Saturday, December 2, at 1 p m. m room 801 ME building Those Intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26 —BOLZ
FOR MILITARY BALL—Fellows—order orchid or gaidenia corsages from special wholesale lot at lowest market prices Corsages beautifully prepared by a Chicago expert One orchid, $2 06, two for $8 60 Gardenias two for 76c, or to order Phone Don Terrio, 76061, or at Union
Cyclists Ifg you are interested in forming a bicycle club meet Tuesday, November 14, at 7 30 p m in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building —WEED
Alpha Zeta: Banquet changed to November 29 Pledge test and initiation as scheduled Actives be present at 7 p m Tuesday, November 14, at Ag Hall, room 208 Pledges shall appear promptly at 7 30 p m , Tuesday —HITCHCOCK
MUSICIANS—Tenor and'^to sax for organized band Call 2429
is
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Tux, size 38 Call 61761
Military Ball Committee* There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 14, at 4 p m in the Armory —BUTTERFIEIA)
Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, November 21 —NEAL
TYPEWRITERS—All
and portable, sold, repaired. New . aa |2B 7K. Snppi
Mate StMet
>ld. pmwhaied, tea pol'tAbb flUMAtncft lUea. 0. P. SteMl
ataadaxil
zeated «b4
Mi
Silver Mask. Important meeting Tuesday, November 14, in the Union at 7 16 p m All members are urged to be present —WELDY.
Exponent Staff* There will be a special Military Ball edition Friday night All copy should be in by Wednesday, November 16 See the list in the office —WILLSEY Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, Novem-
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Log log duplex slide rule with R C McNeil ingraved on Call 8801 Reward
LOST—^Tan purse containing Parker pen and pencil and glasses Call 7498
Skull and Crescent Regular meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday November 14 at Theta Xi house —BELLES
Activity Bureau Interviewers All those having finished interviews please turn them in to me Tuesday November 14 at 4 p m —DARR
There’s
Grm/
about Cigarette Tobaccos
There are four types of tobaccos found in the more popular cigarettes, namely,,. Bright, Maryland, Burley and Turkish,
All these tobaccos except Turkish (which is bought direct from the planters in Turkey and Greece) and Maryland (which is bppght through sealed bids under government supervision) are bought at public auction, just like any other auction where you might have bought in a table or a chair.
At the auction sale the tobacco is piled in baskets weighing from about 100 to 500 pounds and each purchaser buys all of his tobaccos by competitive bidding for the particular piles he wants.
The CHESTERFIELD BUYERS buy the best of these mild ripe tobaccos for the Chesterfield bjend. And it is Chesterfield's Combination... the right amounts of Burley and Bright... just enough Maryland... and just enough Turkish—that makes the big diff^i'cpce between Chesterfield and other cigarettes.
It is because of this combination that Chesterfields are COOhER, have a BETTER TASTE and are DEFINITELY MILDER, They are made of the world*s best cigarette tobaccos. You can*t buy a better cigarette.
MAKE YOUR NEXT PACK
CHESTERFIELD
Copyright 1939, tiGCgrr 8c Mybrs Tobacco Co