This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY May 24, 1938 Lofoyette/ Xndiano VOL, 49 No. 187
Leutwiler Equation
Applies I HP To Success
IHP equals PLAN/33,000.
To many engineers that expression is merely a familiar equation for determining indicated horespower, but it means a great deal more to Prof. 0. A. Leutwiler, mechanical engineering school head at the University of Illinois. Professor Leutwiler spoke to over 80 ME Seniors, meeting with their faculty in the Union ballroom last night, for the first all-class dinner meeting ever held by that school.
The speaker gave each lettei in the formula a character trait, P, personality, L, loyalty. A, accuracy, and N, nobility The 33,000 he
called a constant,K
Playshop To Elect Officers, Present 8 Medals Toniiht Playshop will elect new officeis f 01 the coming year at a reorganization meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in Fowler Hall Both old and new members aie eligible to attend and vote, officials stated In addition, gold, silvei, and bionze medals will be awarded to the eight outstanding membeis and ovei 80 shingles will be given to those who earned membeiship dui ing the past season Plans will be announced foi the Chicago Theatre tup and dinnei, which is being fin anced by the oiganization foi 22 of
the membeis
The officeis to be elected aie piesident (senioi), vice piesident (junioi), two executives (junioi eds), CO ed executive (junioi), tieasLiie (senioi), and secretaiy, (jun-
ioi or senior)
Regilar Distribution Of Debris Ends Wednesday All Debris are to be called for before six o’clock Wednesday afteriiooin, according to announcement made yesterday by the business staft After that time the office will not be open regularly Office hours Witt be from 4 to 6 p m today and
tomorrow
WBAA Tryouts... will be held at 4 p m Wednesday in room C of the Union In a seaich for sound effects men for the summer and fall broadcasts, the tiyouts will include recreating auto Clashes and various other effects. No pievious experience is required foi the position, but will help offii-
cials stated.
Substituting in the fundamental lelationship, the equation leads PLANK equals IHP Professoi Leutwiler then said that if every graduate adopted the components of this PLANK, his IHP would become an Important, High Position Professor G A Young complimented the class of ’38 o ntheir gettogethei, and expressed the wish that the dinner be made an annual affaii Dean of Engineering, A A Potter said, “I believe all engineering graduates should join a technical society and attempt to further the interests of then profession” Don Morrison was toastmaster for the dinner, which was sponsored by Pi Tau Sigma, national engineering honorary WM Members To Receive Sport Awards At Annual Spring Spread Thursday Women’s Athletic Association will hold its annual Spring Sport Spread at the WAA cabin Thursday evening beginning at 5 p m Miss Veronica Brady, who is leaving the physical education teaching staff, will be an honored guest at the spread. Sport skins for outstanding sen 101 WAA members and “P” mono grams for girls who made a class team in the spring recieation program will also be presented at this time All Co-eds whether they are WAA members or not, are invited to the Sports Spread Tickets priced at twenty-five cents are now on sale at the Women’s Gymnasium Girls desiring transportation to the WAA cabin are asked to meet at the Women’s Gym at 5 p m
Statistics Show What Happens To Mr. Average Grad By R E Insley Occasionally statistics prove both interesting and educational. Here are some gleaned from the files of a well known campus alumni service They were tallied from answers scribbled on questionnaires by University alumni, and tend to throw a little light on what happans to Mr Average Grad after he receives his diploma Out of the 2000 graduates contacted, 79 per clpnt were married This figure was considerably highei for the men that had been alumni for five years or more Purdue coeds snagged only 14 per cent of the progressives, sorority gals weie in the minority 2 to 1 The average number ol childien per father is 1 48 Whether or not nature foresaw the need for more CO eds, the strange fact still remains that the majority of the infants born to Purdue grads are female
McCabe Will Speak At Rush School Opening Tonight
Indiana Weather
"Forecast for Indiana Generally fail and coolei today Yesterday’s Temperatures High 65, low, 62, mean, 63 5
Cary Club Members To Inaugurate New Governing System With the completion of two new residence halls foi men, Caiy Hall Northwest and West respectively, a new system of student self-govern-ment will be inauguiated next semester Members of the four halls and two annexes will make up the memerbship of the Cary club, social organization of nearly 600 men From each of the buildings a vicepiesident, social chairman, assistant secietary, and a council made up of one man from each floor, will be elected by the lesidents of the lespective buildings A piesident of the entiie club will be chosen from these elected officers Foi the coming yeai, Chailes Dixon, ME ’39, has been selected to act as piesident of Caiy Club
Student Senate Petitions Returned
Petitions foi Student Senate positions, which will be filled by election at registration next fall, have been filed with Herb Fishbuin, peti tion committee chan man Students who have filed petitions will have then final giades checked during the summer to see that they have the necessary 3 5 scholastic avei age The list of petitioners with then schools follow AGRICULTURE— Seniors D Cottingham, E J Piusiecki, D D Schinbecklei, D W Glovei and G L Hutton Junioi s G E Sears, D Paailbeig, and V Hitchcock Sophomores C P Bow man, J Stewait, and B Kneppei HOME ECONOMICS— Seniors J Beemei and M Johnson Juniors L Daniel, M L Swa ney, J Thomas, G Raebig, G Walk ei and M Mitchell Sophomores P Teistegge, J Zwieilem, and V Royce SCIENCE— Seniors R C Walters and M Bakei Junioi s M Estey and R Hall Sophomores J R Ogden, R Bennett B Hoffei, and J Jones
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING— Seniors J D Baker and L Jac obson Juniors B Hait, D Obling ei, and D Giidley Sophomores D Heiple, J Fishei, M Kline, R A Dilts and G A Knapp ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING— Seniors L F McNeill and W J Cure Juniors R Colby J Woodson, R Obenchain, H 0 Monson, and H E Russell. Sophomores: J. Wise CHEMICAL ENGINEERING— Seniors B Witwei and D H Meissnei Junior s H F Fishburn, H D Wilmeth, D Meyeis, W J Harris, C C Boyd, and C B Metz Sophomores J V Horn, A Clarke, H F Poll, and R G Massey CIVIL ENGINEERING— Seniors W H Reininga, R. H. Fatout, M D Stepath, and G W Shaitzei Juniors L A Luth and R L Reilly Sophomores L B McCammon Combined schools of public service engineering, engineering law, industrial education, pharmacy, and physical education P L Hammond J L Simmons, J C Swander, R Potter, J M Rice, H N Behiends, G W Gieey, and H Layson
Historical Pageant Will Follow Parade Tomorrow Program Marks Passage Of 1787 Ordinance; Plan Evening Banquet
An ox caravan parade through Lafayette and West Lafayette, starting tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock, a banquet at 5 tO, and a free pageant in Ross-Ade Stadium at 8 p m will com memorate heie the 150th anniversary of the passage of the Oidmance of 1787 and settlement of the Northwest Territory The pageant “Freedom on the March,” depicts m eight epi sodes high lights in Early American history and shows in Peru today The parade will consist of the caravan, composed of buckskm-clad “pioneeis,” ox-drawn Conestoga wagon and pack horses, local floats, Jeffei son. West Side and Attica High School Bands, and a section showing the evolution of tianspoitation from the ox-cait to the airplane Line of March Line of march will start fiom formation on Tenth street near Jefferson High School, go south on Tenth street to Mam, and west on Main across the rivei The parade will disband at Russell and Waldion stieets Parade sections are Division 1 Motor cars with local officers, members of official reception committees, representatives of sponsoring organizations, and distinguished guests. Division 2. “Pageant of Transportation” Division 3: Floats. Division 4. Ox Oaravan Military Band To Play The Purdue Military Band will play for the
Pioneers In Westward Trek of ’38
evening pageant, and has been practicing special music for the occasion Special 28 page souvenir piogiams and historical booklets will be oil sale at the pageant and on the streets tomorrow for twenty-five cents The caravan, including 36 men, all college graduates, started last Decembei from Ipswich, Mass., to Marietta, 0., reproducing the tiail made in 1787-88 by pioneeis tiaveling to the Northwest Territory The group includes Lafayette on its schedule of exhibitions embracing 260 communities in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Minnesota 114 Actors in Show Pageant action \hll take place from a portable sta^, while a public address system and powerful lights will aid the public in viewing the spectacle.^ A total of 114 characters, all in
Tonight at 7:30 o’clock m the Union tower room Charles McCabe, Lafayette lawyer and advisor of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity, will give the initial talk of the Fraternity Rush School, sponsored by the Interfratemity Presidents’ Council Ex-presi-dent T. W. Graham is in charge of the school “I’d be very glad to tell you what the talk will be about, but I’m just going over there and tell them a little about my experiences,” said Mr. McCabe last night. Mr. McCabe has been a member of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity for 30 pears, and has been advisor for the local chapter for 13 years He was first a member of the Wabash chapter. Mr. McCabe’s subject will be “Sizing Up the Individual.” n i i —
Prof. J H McKee, of the University English department and memof the Phi Kappa Sigma fiaternity, will speak on “How to Write a Let
tei to a Prospect ” “Personal Matter”
“I’ll tiy to tell them something about letter writing in legaid to the piopei stationery, politeness, and pioper foim Aftei all, pledging is a personal matter, and theie T§n’t
much you can say ”
Pi of R M Horn, of the Univeisity speech depaitment, will be the thud speakei on the evening’s piogiam Ml Horn is leplacing Pi of A H Monioe who was pieviously scheduled to talk on “How to Inteiview a Pi ospect ” Mi Horn will take Pi of Monroe’s subject
“Best On Campus”
Tommy Giaham, Alpha Gamma Rho, said last night, “I think this organization is the best organiza tion on the campus to take care of the lush problem No complaint has been registered by the faculty, but the school will give the lush chaii men an oppoitunity to become bettei acquainted with the Univeisity and its problems and puiposes” Ross Dean, lecently elected piesi dent of the oiganization and a Sig ma Alpha Epsilon, commented, “Tommy Giaham is taking full charge of the school It s oui puipose to make the school go ” The second session of the school will be Thuisday evening at 7 30 o’clock m the Union ballroom Present president Ross Dean will be in charge of the progiam for the eve-
ing
Two Day Program The program foi the two-day school IS as follows Today 7 30—Sizing Up the Individual . . . Chailes McCabe, Lafayette lawyer and chaptei adviser of Delta Tau Delta. 8 00—How to Write a Letter to a Prospect Prof J H McKee 8 30—How to Interview a Pi ospect . . . Robert Horn ^ Thursday 7 30—University Policies and Pioblems of Admission C E Dam-
8 00—The Selling Points of the Univeisity Pi of F. C Hockema 8 30—Why Join a t’rateimty’ Tom Sheets 8 50—The Fiateinity and the Univeisity R B Stewart.
Forestry Club To Observe Field Day Forestiy Club’s annual Field Day, postponed fiom Saturday because of mclemenfVeathei will take place this afternoon, accoiding to Prof B N Prentice, head of the For-
estiy school
Piomptly at foui o’clock the busses will leave Horticulture Building, providing transportation for those without cars. Alan M Herrick, in charge of Field Day plans has arranged a schedule of laces and contests fiom 4 30 to 6 15 p m Following this will be a dinner and a campfire piogiam in charge of Benny Burns Presentation of the Spencer Awaid to Charles Walters, past president of the Forestry Club, will top the evening's pro-
gram
Board Will Elect Debris Officers
Debris elections will be held on Thmsday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Debris office Changes in the lecently approved Debris constitution place the selection of all elective officeis in the hands of semor staff members and faculty advisors. The four senior officers—editor-in-chief, business managei, co-ed editor, and photogiaphy editor and the three faculty advisors make up
the new electoral committee
Murphy To Address WSGA Mass Meeting “Current Events” will be the subject discussed by Piofessor Charles B. Murphy of the Univeisity history* government, and economics department at the WSGA mass meeting today at 4 15 p m in the wom-
en’s lounge of the Union
This mass meeting is the last one of the school year, and will be presided over by Maiy Alice Learning, newly elected WSGA president.
Flying Mike Murphy Puts Cub Through Paces; Lands Back On Car Successfully
collect and colorful costumes, will appeal on the stage The evening banquet will be held in the Home Economics cafeteiia A limited numbei of tickets may sljill be obtained from Dean Mary L Matthews for one dollar, officials announced last night. Professor O F Hall, geneial program chaiiman, stated last night, “although there will be no persuasion or compulsion to purchase a program, no one will be able to follow through the episodes understandingly without its help ” Caravan officials estimated that nearly two million people have already witnessed the paiades of the caravan ^us far and that about 300,000 people have sfeen the pageant. In case of rain the pageant will be held in the Fieldhouse.
By Johnnj Maudlin Stalling Mike (the Flying Iiishman) Muiphy, holdei of the Fieddie Lund tiophy, and his flying aces, the annual Legion- Ruidue Aiipoit ail show Sunday fai suipassed any piesented heie befoie The cais, lined “six deep” the entiie length of the field, weie convevois of some 12,000 people Staiting the aeiial aciobatics Bill Pellens sent his gas model, lepiesenting a yeai’s woik, aloft hoping it would come down in a thi ee-point landing Pellens’ seven-foot wing spiead job was the laigest entiy 111 the model contest and was given second prize. Said Bill, “I hope it doesn’t ram before she comes down” exhibiting the universal faith the boys had in their planes Fied Tuxworth won first in the gas-model division with a record of two mmutes, and third went to Richard Meyers.
Moie outstanding as a special atti action was Muiphy’s “Giandpa Snazzy” act Thiilling the spectatois and doing “Dipsy-Doodle” stunting with a 50 hoise-power cub weighing 586 pounds was moie than anyone had anticipated, but when Giandpa Snazzy made oft with the SIX ton til motoied Stinson airlinei the ciowd went wild with cheeis This was the hist time the large passengei plane had been stunted A cub take-oft and landing on the 8x16 platfoim built on a small coupe IS the only act of its kind. This was one of the acts that won the trophy foi Mmphy at the national an show last year. Parachute Jump A parachute descent, bat-wing flight, dead stick landing, formation flying, and smoke writing completed Murphy’s Flying Aces contribution to the Airport’s heat show« A glider in flight was looped, hy (Continued on page 4)
f#P' '••'■’P ' t.
£dihydaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diwntfi.
Tuesday, May 24, 1938
Jha £dHoh Sauf& ’ Fraternity Rush Conmiittemen... . . . will find night-school classes on their program today and Thursday, and Saturday afternoon classes June 4. We prophecy, however, they’ll w'elcome these programs since all will deal with fraternity rush . . . will give the committeemen helpful hints about that all-import-ant fall pledging program they must build up to this summer. Fraternity presidents voted to add this rushschool to their program at their Council’s election meeting last Thursday night. _ This cam-pus-sponsored school will be in session tonight and Thursday night, starting at 7:30, while June 4 the Stew^art Howe Alumni Service will conduct their second annual school. These should not conflict. The Fraternity Presidents’ Council, this year, wanted to add their campus viewpoint, while Stewart Howe will describe the connection of alumni in the rush program and advise fraternity men on the financial aspects of rushing. Borrowung from the old chain and weakest link proverb, we can safely say that the worth of a fraternity is directly dependent upon the qualities of its membership; and it naturally follows that this wohth is dependent upon the efficiency of the rush program used to supply this membership. Thus the need for the schools is apparent and conscientious rush committeemen should find both well worth attending. Previous experience has shown that many rushers are inadequately supplied with general information about the University and the fraternity system. Among the ver;^ first questions a prospective rushee will ask are: “What is fraternity life like ?” “How does one go about choosing a fraternity, pledging, and becoming a member?” “What are living and studying conditions like?” “What does it cost to live in a fraternity house?” Any fraternity man can answer these questions as they apply to his particular house, but the embryo freshman will want to know the answers for all the houses. He’ll want to know how each house stacks up against the others, and more important, how fraternity life compares with residence hall and boarding house conditions. Acquainting the new rush workers with the answers to these and other related problems will be part of the work of the schools. They’ll not try to make each rusher a walking encyclopedia, but just attempt to prepare him to give satisfactory replies to these inevitable queries. Selling points of University and fraternity
the Purdue Exponent
fbMikittd €E»U^t«itr " " STu ■»■■■ . i.i. ■ r.^,.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regulat academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback
Business Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate'Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF ^ ' Assistant Business Manager lil. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager... : W. F. Berg Sales Manager J ...V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor , , Sally McKee Associate Editors. Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor B. L. McDonald Associate Editors , J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide With the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Kroeplin Tuesday, May 24, 1938
Issue Editor—Beer
collegiate
will be outlined for the benefit of the rushers, since in many cases Purdue may be only a possibility in the minds of the ru^hees. The rush workers must know entrance requirements, must be able to explain orientation and registration, must be capabale of advising the'prospect on curricular opportunities, must be acquainted with the nature of the clothes, books, and equipihent the freshman needs ... all these topics and many more will be touched upon in rush interviews. Both the Fraternity Presidents’ Council and Stewart Howe can render invaluable service to the Purdue fraternities with these schools, but much of the success will depend on the effort of the individual students who must assimilate the information and later on apply the principles recommended by the school speakers. We look on these programs as a step forward; we hope fraternities take the step in their stride.
Unless otherwise reqnested, the anthDr’s name will be pnbllshed with his letter. If. for reasons obvions to onr readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
Did Merit System Work In Union Elections? Dear Editor: This morning’s Exponent (May 18) carried a wide headline about the Student Union elections; and when I, as one who has kept close tab of the Union’s activities, read the election story, I was very dissatisfied in not seeing Leon Jacobson’s name in the, list of officers. As an officer of a minor campus activity, I had the opportunity to meet this pei’son who has put in unlimited time and efforts in an effort to bring about cooperation among the activities on this campus. When the. Student Union announced at the Activity Banquet last semester that one of the many parts, of their program was to brin^ together all of the campus activities and to bring about a better cooperation between them, the members representing the majority of the activities thought that this was the start of a mighty fine program and so voted to back it 100 per cent. But it seems that the Union is defeating its own purpose when they overlook the gift that Jacobson has in carrying out this policy. I think that anyone that attended the banuet will agree with me when I say that of all the repreesntatives of the Student Union present, not excluding any of the Union’s senior officers, Jacobson was the outstanding speaker in regard to putting over the important points of the Union’s program. His activity charts and the activity bureau which he was in charge of were two of the finest things that the Union ever did for the student body as well as for the campus activities.
The minor activities, in fact—all of the organized activities, looked upon the Student Unions “Merit System” as a marvelous step toward doing away with campus politics; but if the omission of people of Jacobson’s calibre from their list of officers is the result of such a system, I think that I would rather stick to “open politics.” Why must such talent and ability be wasted ? Yours, A Dissatisfied' Senior.
Editor’s Note: This letter was not published when it was received a few days ago because the writer did not sign his name to it. Today we found another letter in our mail box urging us to print the above comments. This time the “dissatisfied senior” signed his name, but asked us to withhold it if possible. We can print such anonymous letters only if we know the identity of the writer ourselves; that’s why this one was delayed.
Put Independents In Bold and Black Dear Bold and Black Editor: For four years I have been eduring your column and some of the trash placed therein. Willingly admitting that sometimes your column is good script, I, nevertheless must confess that I am getting fed up on the fraternity and sorority “cabosh” that you so frequently place in your column. Take for example last Friday’s edition. You had seven paragraphs printed, but of those seven you had only one that didn’t imply fraternity or sorority news. Didn’t you ever stop to think that the largest portion of the student
By Mary Cooley One more proof that modesty pays—Irma Saxton, 20-year-old stenographer inserted this newspaper ad: ' “Stenographer, unattractive, inefficient, indigent, wants big opportunity for little effort.” Four possible jobs and a marriage proposal resulted. Not bad! * * * Negi’o education in Texas is on the in6rease, according to the figures of the state’s department of education. Slightly more than $3,500,000 was spent in Negro education last year. Texas has 12 Negro colleges; only one of these is state supported. Five are junior colleges and seven are full four-year accredited schools. Two of the latter group were given an “A” rating by the Southern Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. Although the state department reported a total of 244,180 Negro students in state schools last year, and an increase of principals from 69 to 290, there is still a large number who have not been reached. The records show that 25,000 Negro children did not enroll in schools last year and 83,000 did not attend classes regularly. ?!< * * Representative Maury Maverick of Texas has introduced a bill in Congress to authorize aeronautical training in the land grant colleges, high schools, and private educational institutions. His proposal; would also provide for a United States aeronautical academy to be to the flying branch what West Point and Annapolis are to the army and navy. It seems that this bill would strengthen a serious defect in the nation’s preparedness program. Aviation is bound to be a factor of first importance in national defense, and the steady increase in air travel and commerce requires more qualified pilots. Opposition to the Texan’s plan to have aeronautical training in colleges, similar to the present ROTC contains fear that such courses might result in fatal accidents to students. Such mishaps are possible but highly improbable if the courses were conducted with maximum care and caution. ^5 “If the training of civilian students for service in the army is warranted, there is certainly equal reason for instruction in. aeronautics . . . The question of establishing an aeronautical academy is one to be determined by ai’my and navy experts, whose opinion on the subject should be followed.” This opinion was recently expressed in an Indianapolis News editorial.
body is Independent and that it might be considered just oiice in a while ? I truthfully believe this can be corrected if you will only take a straight course, keep out of politics and not have outside influences altering your course. Give the Independents a break! G. E. Hildebrand ’38.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW ^“laBUBuiui I • IIIUM JAMES OLIVER CURWOOD’S^ bsiSiKERMIT MAYNARD
f—AND—
•'RADIO PATROL'' No. 9
You'll Like If Too • Keep Posted on Campus Events all summer for 50c. Summer Session Editions of the Purdue Exponent
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
^ ■ Copr. 1938 by United Pyatnre Syndicate, Inc, ’
‘Any folks on your side named Snodgras, Rain-in-the-Puss ?”
Choke of Electives Every student whose plan of study for the year 1938-39 calls for an elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the dean or head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: All present juniors; All present sophomores except in Forestry: All present freshmen except those in forestry and those freshmen engineers expecting to take chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, or public service engineering, engineering law, or trade and industrial education ; and All irregular students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the school heads and the registrar. Also a limited number of reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
QUESTIONNAIRE Do you believe in love and a “thin dime,” or getting hooked to a guy with the “bucks ?” THIS IS the question that GEORGIANA PITTMAN is asking these days. Who is the guy on the hook, PITTMAN^—maybe we can get a down payment together for the first installment on an announcement. ALL ANSWERS will be cheerfully received by any Pi Phi, on or around the campus. IT SEEMS THAT one of the boys at the Beta House, JEP MESSMORE by name, has been stringing the girls at the Hall that he is married and some of them are rather skeptical. IF YOU REALLY want to prove your point, why not bring the little lady around and introduce her to the girls ? Or are you using that line as a safe-guard? THEN THERE WAS the co-ed that was good as far as good co-eds go, and as good co-eds go—she WENT.
Change of Schools X Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s office. Ralpfi B. Stone, Registrar.
1^III IWI .iWL 1
TODAY — TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
A Liiile Dash of Ginger Upsets a College Town. Hear her sing, ''I'll Be Reminded oi You'*
PLUS— Wallace Ford
June Travis
in
EXILED TO SHANGHAI
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
A 20th CenturV’Fox Rfo/urewl^l with m LORETTA YOUNG C ai IICHARD GREENE i'i
MARS
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
—Plus , ROBERT BENCHLEY IN “HOW TO FIGURE INCOME TAX”Tuesday, May 24, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Tennis Team Fails To S ^ Store In Big Ten Meet; Chicago Squad Wins Easily Chicago swept the Big Ten tennis meet at Northwestern this weekend by winning in all of the singles and doubles matches. This gave them 27 points which was enough to double Northwestern which came in second with a score of 13%. This was the first time that all of the championships have been won by one school since the division system of play was established four years ago. Purdue was not able to win a match, although a few of the boys came close. After dropping the first set to Petrich of Michigan by 6-3, Fuente came back strong, but was not quite able to take the second set losing by a score of 11-9. Wakefield, who has been recovering from a recent illness, lost to Di’edge, of Ohio State, 6-2, 9-11, and 6-4. After taking the second set it appeared that he would win, but his stamina was not quite enough for the full three sets. Fuente and Gardner weren’t quite good enough to beat Mechir and Stevens losing 2-6, 8-6, and 6-2. The point standings were Chicago, 27; Northwestern, 13%; Minnesota, 6; Ohio State, 4%; Illinois, 4; Iowa, 4; Wisconsin, 3%; and Michigan, 3%. Indiana did not enter the meet. FederitionOfClibs Will Hear Dr. Kitight Dr. Frederick B. Knight, head of the University division of education and applied psychology, will address the Indiana Federation of Clubs convention in Indianapolis Thursday morning. He will speak on “The Problems in Education—1938 Edition>” Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the school of home economics, will preside.
Two Departments Left In Faculty Golf Tournament Several low scores have been recorded in the recent faculty golf tournament staged among the different departments. To date,, the tournament has been reduced to the ME school and history and economics department, as the PE school was dropped from the tournament despite the low scores of Mackey and LaBree who turned in 81 and 82 respectively. The ME school is to be represented by H. G. Venemann, G. A. Young,and C. Messersmith. Their combined scores, which totaled 243, was two strokes under that of the history and economics team, consisting of W. Owen, C. J. Martin, and A. T. Messenger. Tournament champions will be decided by team victories, two out of three games. No definite date has been set for the final rounds of the tournament, as individual games are to be played between the members of the two teams. Weather permitting, they will be played this week, with the pairings and qualifying scores as follows: W. Owen (74) vs. H. G. Venemann (78), C. J. Martin (81) vs. G. A. Young (80), and A. T. Messenger (90) vs. C. W. Messersmith (85). Clevett states that the 18-hole rounds need not be played on any paiticular course but may be played wherever the contestants choose.
The dedication of a memorial forest, to be known as the Virginia Claypool Meredith Forest, will honor the memory of the first woman trustee of the University and a former federation president. The dedication, a part of the Federation convention, will take place |at 1:30 p. m. Friday, at the forest ipservation on road 150, two and one-half miles from Shoals.
HAYS lEWELHY COBfPANY East Sidtt of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Caoksfores
"DEAC" Everything for a Cofloge Education Ho GoieSMER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Prefesiienai DR. A. M. MON DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE __
“’Office SUHonery. Wedding InviUtion*
Sales Books, Etc.
PHONE
2 6 2 8 CASSEL S dOSFERRV
Locksmith —— —r"
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Main, W. L
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop la tike VABSITY BOOT SHOP
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
• Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all wo do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
• Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone MSO
Boilermakers Drop To Third In Big Ten Behind Indiana, Iowa Purdue dropped into third place in the Big Ten baseball standings Saturday by splitting the two-game series with Ohio State while the Iowa team took over second place by taking two straight games from the Chicago squad. The Boilei makers are still only one game behind the league leading Hoosiers, who could only split their two-game series with the Wisconsin Badgers. Four games remain on the Boilermaker schedule this season, one at' Chicago Wednesday against the Maroons and a three-game series with the first place Indiana team on the Purdue diamond Friday and Saturday. The Purdue outfit, last year’s cellar champions, still have a chance to cop first place honors, but will probably have to win all four of their remaining games to do it. Even this will not earn the Boilermakers first place unless the Iowa team is defeated in one of its remaining contests. This yeai’s baseball team has been one of the best to ever represent Purdue and no matter what the results of the closing games are, they have established themselves again as a power in conference baseball. The Big Ten standings: Won Lost Pet.
Indiana
6
2
.750
Iowa . . .
5
2
.714
PURDUE
5
3
.625
Wisconsin
6
4
.600
Illinois
4
3
.571
Ohio State
5
4
.556
Chicago
2
4
.333
Minnesota
2
5
.286
Michigan
2
5
.286
Noi th western
2
7
.222
Saturday’s Results Wisconsin 3, Indiana 2. Ohio State 2, Purdue 0. Iowa 6, Chicago 0. Illinois 3, Northwestern 2.
Intromurols
Tennis All Campus Tennis—Today G. R. Frye vs. Jap Powell.
Freshman-Varsity Tennis R. Anderson vs. G. J. Frey.
Fraternities Play Two Games Today As Baseball Tournament Nears Close Two games will be played today in the fraternity baseball double elimination tournament, which will be completed by the end of this week. Phi Delta Theta will meet Tau Epsilon Phi in one of the games, while Sigma Alpha Epsilon battles Alpha Gamma Rho. The winner of the Phi Delta Theta-Tau Epsilon Phi game will play the loser of the other game. The winner of this tilt becomes the winner of the loser’s bracket and will meet the winner of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Alpha Gamma Rho game (winner of the winner’s bracket). If the winner of the loser’s bracket wins the first game against the winner of the winner’s bracket, the two teams must play another game. The winner of this game will be the champion. Howevfer, if the winner of the loser’s bracket loses the first game to the winner of the winner’s bracket, the winner of the winner’s bi’acket will be the champion without an extra game. Library Exhibits David Ross Volyme Now on exhibition on the first floor of the Library is the volume which was presented to David E. Ross at the Alumni iJanquet, April 30. This unique volume which contains tributes from the Alumni Clubs and otticers of the University was designed by Dr. Bruce Rogers, BS, ’90. Each day a page will be turned so that students will have an opportunity to see the entire book. Included in the exhibit are sketches and proofs showing the progress of the book through the press. In the second floor hall the library of Lowell Comee, winner of the Winterrowd Award, is on exhibit. This award of $100 is presented annually to the senior student who, during his course at the University, has formed the best collection of books in accordance with certain specified requirements. Baseball
River Stands High As Swimmers Prepare For Annual Race Today
Sigma Delta Psi Tests End May 28 According to an announcement made yesterday by W. H. Fifield, president of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Psi, national honorary athletic fraternity, Saturday will be the date on which frateinity participation points will be counted for these fraternities which have men passing the 13 lequired events. Men who wish to complete their events may do so at the stadium on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday of next week. The following men have three events to complete: L. C. Spencer, J. W. Pickens, J. H. Deckert, and D. W. Clugston. Four events to complete; R. J. Wente, W. T. Luce, D. R. Long, S. H. Gutting, R. A. Fink. Five to seven events to complete: G. L. Hutert, D. L. Campbell, J. L. Welsch, R. G. DeLong, B. Edwards, D. T. Fishei, R. N. Lemen, L. Schilling. League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
20
9
.690
Chicago
19
13
.594
Cincinnati
17
14
.548
Boston
14
12
.538
Pittsbui gh
15
14
.517
St. Louis
12
16
.429
Bzooklyn
12
21
.364
Philadelphia
8
18
.308
Yesterday’s Results Chicago 4, Boston 1. Cincinnati 6, Brooklyn 4. Pittsburgh 4, New York 3. Philadelphia 7; St. Louis 6.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Cleveland .
20
10
.667
New York
16
10
.615
Boston
. 17
11
.607
Washington .
18
15
.545
Detroit
13
15
.464
Chicago
10
12
.455
Philadelphia
9
18
.333
St. Louis
8
20
.286
Class ‘B’ Doubles Tennis Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
-Today-
Diamond
Ward Tennis Darrow vs. H. Zahn. Short vs. Silva. D. C. Meyer vs. Billings.
-Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. -Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
Yesterday’s Results All games rained out.
Gym Lockers Men’s Gymnasium locker holders are to return key, lock, and towel not later than June 11, 1938. No deposits, will be returned after this date. R. C. Woodworth, Athletic Director
SWING HIGH
our'
^pintd Up!
You’ll always be on your toes with the “build-er-upper” that never lets you down. It appeals to every palate. There’s never a variation in the nourishment and excellence of pure fresh milk. Delivered fresh daily.
SUNSHINE DAIRY
Postponed yesterday because of lain, the annual river swim from Lincoln Lodge to the Brown Street Bridge will be held this afternoon at 4:15. Several spectators, not knowing that the race had been postponed, awaited the swimmers on the Brown Street Bridge last evening, only to be disappointed when the racers failed to show up. The leading contestants should be able to I each the bridge at about 4:40 this evening if the swim begins on time. At the present time 18 have signed up for the race and at least 15 men aie expected to be at the starting line today, according to “Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural department. The rtver rs rather hrgh and should be favorable for prospects of the swimmers bettering the record set last year. Plan Short Course For Summer School Offering an extensive course in machine shop 35, the practical mechanics department has tentatively inaugurated a plan whereby it will be possible to establish credit in the course duiing the first three weeks of summer school. If the plan is put into effect it will require eight hours a day, five days a week for three weeks, but a sufficiently large number of students must register before the course is to be given. Students who are interested must sign up in the mam office, room 10.3 of the shops immediately, Prof. R. W. Lindley of the RM department, stated last night.
Although the season for Lniversity dances and Union mixers is almost over, here is something to keep in mind for next year. Tag dances are few at Purdue. It is the custom for a fellow to dance with his date all evening. Occasionally the couple may exchange a dance or two with another couple who are friends of theirs. Many girls who would enjoy exchanging dances with other couples have remained silent because they thought it was up to their dates to suggest it. However, it is the girl’s privilege to suggest exchanging the dances. If a girl wants to, and doesn’t exchange dances, it is her own fault. Of course it goes without saying that the girl must know the people with whom the dances are to be exchanged. And whether she wishes to or not, if she thinks her partner would like it, it would be only courteous of her to suggest it. Visitors often marvel at the custom here of dancing with one person all evening. It is the custom and one conforms to it. Nevertheless, it adds to the congeniality of the dance or mixer and to the general fun if there is an exchange of dances. Remember, girls, that it is up to you. If you wish to exchange the dances, it is your privilege to suggest it and a thoughtful date will be glad to comply.
HAIL SUMMER WITH CHARM
There's no vacation for beauty — stunning hair and smooth complexions are always in demand. Yon can maintain that loveliness under the care of our expert operators.
Ubo^ie d BEAUTY SHOPIV
ivT
AxaL (hU,
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
yUdkaA,
Tuesday, May 24, 1938
Speedway Chatter
Don Herr
Fditor « Note Herr is a junior merhan ical and has norked for Ihc last six years as an official \4A representative at the Indianapolis Speednav He mil use Speed wav Chatter as his personal column to irive Fxponent readers the londovyn on the vflO mile classic QuilificTtun tiiaK foi the 1938 500 nii’t iate ‘^tailed off t\ith a big bui s;t of s] eed ttto well known ladies plated leading loles Mothei \atiiie and Ladt Luck seemed to lule the lace couise dining the past week end of time tiiaK
Last ‘sitiiidat morning at 10 a m the fiist c ntestant tolled his cai lip to the staiting line in defiance to appioaihing lain The weath ei was ideal foi a qualification lun how e\ ei The combined factoi s of no w ind no sun and a moistui e lad eii atmospheie added up to at least two additional milet, pei horn
Just one houi latei the heavy footed little Califoinian Rex Mays decided to make his bid foi pole po sition This position is on the inside in the fiist low In answei to my question as to whethei he intended to qualifi at a ceitain speed oi to gn e her all the thiottle, he said Im gome to giie it all its got” •\ni so he did
He dime his Italian built Alfa r nneo at a teiiific speed aveiag ing 12( rOf mph foi six laps It was cn the outheast tuiii that Lady Luck tailed him as his cai spun aiouiid thiee times naiiowly miss mg the conciete wall by less than a foot The onh damage was a bioke 1 e heel Latei in the day he made good 01 his cecond of thiee allowed attem] ts a\ei aging almost 123 m ]i h fo the ten lap i iin
WBA A Programs
WBAA Issues New Monthly Bulletin Undei the dnection of Gil Hutton, publicity diiectoi of WBAA the new monthly news bulletin “The Voice of Puidue Speaks’ will be published and distiibuted to listen ei s of the station
Containing inteiesting infoima tion on the station’s peisonnel its activities and news of cuiient in teiest concerning ladio bioadcasting in the educational field the pa pel aims to keep the public in foimed on the piogiams to be pie sen ted and of the inteiesting fea tuies involved in opeiating a ladio station Any pel son wishing a copy of ‘ Speaks” may obtain it, fiee of chaige by wilting either to station WBAA, 01 by addressing his le quest to the Purdue News Seivice office
SUMMER EMPLOYMENT FOR STUDENTS The Circulation and Sales Division of the publishers of Good Housekeeping, Cosmopolitan, Harper’s Bazaar and Pictorial Review offeis an unusual opportunity for summer employment to students interested in selling experience to act as tiaveling sales representa tives and crew managers Previous selling experience helpful but not 1 equired 1 he woi k is under con tract for a period of twelve weeks providing a weekly salaij transportation and a bonus of $175 000 at the end of the twelve week period See J A Moran, Fowlei Hotel, 3 to 6 p m M ednesdaj
Flying Mike Murphy-
(Continued fiom page 1)
Webb Mooie of the Puidue Glidei Club This was the fiist looping to be done with the motoiless ciaft About 5 15 the ciowd began to dispel se, happy and contented to think they had attended such a woith-while show Eveiything fiom a 20 ton ai my bombei, autogiio pi l^ted by Bob Mernam of Indianap oils aciobatics by the Aces, to the poweiless flight by the glider will stay in the memories of those attending until next year, when the Legionnaiies will again sponsor an exhibition of the twentieth century ail tianspoitation facilities
Deaf mutes may insult each othei just as much as they please in the sign language in Pans, and nobody can do anything about it A young deaf-mute couple learned this legulation when the wife complained to the Pans courts that hei husband made a piactice of insulting hei But it was no use Insults must be “oveiheaid,” the couit held
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8pm
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting has been postponed until Wednesday, May 2B Election of officers at that time —BYRD
May 24 at 7 30 p m in room 202 Heavilon Hall —BOWMAN
Summer School Students Due to the lack of summer school catalogues, those desiring to see them please come to the summer school office in the Executive Building (B 24) —KNIGHT
Glider Club Theie will be a short meeting in the reception room of the Union on Tuesday, May 24 at 7 IB p m Collection ot flight fees will be made —MOORE
Freshmen Exponent Co eds Work schedule for week of May 23 to 28 Monday Simpson Totten Joy Tuesday Short Pickering Burtsfield Wednesday Sebast Carr Miller Thursday Greger Carroll Perkins Friday Rose Stanley Satuiday Jakes McMaths Johnson —McKEE Gimlet Seniors Diploma fees have been paid Get leceipt and commencement tick ets in cashiei s office (B 28) ^ —GIRARD Varsity Trackmen Debris pictures postponed until Tuesday May 24 —ROPER
Lafayette Philatelic Society Meeting on Tuesday May 24 instead of Wednesday, May 2B in room C of the Union at 7 30 p m —MILLER
Sigma Delta Psi Important meeting of all local and national Sigma Delta Psi members at 7 30 p m Wednesday May 2B at the Phi Kappa Psi house —PIFIELD
Silver Mask No meeting Wednesday, May 2B —LEVIN
Forestry Club Field Day postponed from Saturday will be held Tuesday May 24 Buses leave Hoit Building at 4 p m —GLAZEBROOK
Camera Club Meeting in room D of the Union at 7 30 Tuesday May 24 Those Who have not yet received prints they submitted for Spring Exhibit will receive them tonight Harvey will show pictures on the Orient —DERNER
Junior Prom Committee Call for them at the Phi House Tuesday May 24
Keys are in Gamma Delta—'
-SMITH
Catalyst Club Important meeting for election of officers will be held Tuesday
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT
Local Ads
J
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multign^aph and mimeograph work C P Ebershoff, 605 Mam street
rOR SALE OR TRADE—One shaie 111 riymg Club’s an plane $85 Will tiade foi good light cat Dos tal 503 State Call 2004
C \RRIER BOYS — Desuing to delivei papeis foi the Exponent next semestei, wiite Cn dilation Manage!, Puidue Exponent, 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette Give summei addiess
Where do You Plan to Spend Decoration Day?
Have your clothes cleaned and pressed by CROWN this week.
FINE CLEANENS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—-TOF OF THE HILL
E S
Qii lificitions a e held foi the piiijin c rl deteimining positions n the staitiiig line up foi the lace The cai s ai e placed 3 to a i ov and 11 lovs back Thus a total of the fastest 33 cais stait in the Memoi lal Da\ eieit The cai qualifying at the hiohcst speed dining the fiist day of time tiials gets the coyeted pole position
The lemaining yyhich complete the test dining the day aie assigned places accoidmg to their speeds, the sloyyei cais staiting behind the fastei (lies Regaidless of qualifying speeds made by othei cais on succeeding days they aie lined-up back of entiles n aking the giade on the opening day
Floyd Roberts Satuiday captuied the top position foi the second time in his caieei He piloted his oiange and black speedstei about the bucks at an ayerage of 125 506 mph Last yeai it yvas “Wild Bill” Cum mmgs yyho held the inside fiont
Robeits set a neyv qualification lecoid yyhich was to last only tine day Sunday Ronny Householder gave the maik a slight boost by 263 m p h
—Toda> — 11 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—The Home Buildeis—Jean Kaulman, Gcitiude Sundeilin 11 30—Paiade of Melody 11 50—Puidue Neyys Flashes 12 00—Russ Mock pianist 12 15—Toyyn Cnei 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Maiket and Weather Rb ports 1 00—Alberta Schmadel soprano 1 15—Electrical Shoji 1 30—The Monitoi Views the Neyy s 1 45—Pat Wolcotte -soprano 2 00—Tunc Topics 2 15—The Apothccaiv 2 30—You and Your Child 2 45—Treasure Chest—John Dietrich 3 00—Concert Music 3 16—Kellam Sisters Irio 3 30—American Lcgioq Poppy Day Program 3 45—Scientific News Review 4 00—^Town Foi-um 4‘IS—Melody Moods, 4’SO—Parade of Nations 4*46—^The SWry Book Hour,
For aroma... for taste... for mildness
Chesterfields
. . . just a wisp of Chesterfield’s aroma tells you right away—there’s a
real cigarette.
That’s because Chesterfields are blended with skill from aromatic Turkish and mild, ripe home-grown tobaccos. Light one and at once you’ll know that Chesterfields are milder and taste better.
give millions of smokers
C(«yr>£ht i9iB. Liggett & Mybhs Tobacco Cow
MORE PLEASURE than any other cigarette