if .^4
, a \.
University Host To Planners, Feb. 16,17
Planning as it applies to cities, counties, and the entire state as well as to individual communities and farms will be discussed at a state-wide planning conference which will be held at the University February 16 and 17. The program was arranged by the state planning board of Indiana, in co-operation with the University engineering extension, the state housing board, American planning and civic association, and the Amer-
ican society of planning officials. Dean of Engineering A. A. Pot-
H. E. Young Succeeds Late Walter Q. Fitch
H. E. Young, a member of the University horticultural extension staff since 1931, has been named associate in agricultural extension and state leader of farmers’ institutes to succeed the late Prof. ^Walter Q. Fitch, who died suddenly last month of a heart attack. Professor Young has been away from the campus most of the last four yeai’s serving as state director of garden and food construction for the Governor’s Commission on Unemployment Relief. \ The new institutes’ leader was editor of the Indiana Farmers’ Guide from 1902 to 1908, and of the Illinois Farmer from 1929 to 1931.
Studauts Enter 279 Texts In Exchange During Opening Day Only a mere handful of West Laf^yette’s student population remained in town yesterday, but from this handful of students came 279 second-hand textbooks to the stacks of the new Student Book Exchange in the Union ballroom. Rush hour for this first day of business was the first hour, from 1 till 2 o’clock. Books continued to come in throughout the rest of the day, however, until when inventory was taken at 9 p. m. over $500 worth of texts were registered for exchange. Nearly every customer knew the routine of exchange, although many of them seemed to want to exchange books that will not be used next semester. No books of this nature will be accepted. Selling Begins Today Selling of books begins this morn-, ing at 11 o’clock, ends for the day at 9 p. m. Books will be received for exchange until 9 p. m. Thursday, while selling will continue until 6 p. m. Friday. “Dope” leaflets, explaining the exchange, will be distributed to all students at registration today and tomorrow by Student Senate workers at the Senate desk. “The success of the exchange depends on the spirit and cooperation of its workers and the general student body. “By the fine spirit already shown, and the willing cooperation of the workers so far, we are led to predict a big business for the Student Book Exhange!” stated Ward Stallings, director of the exchange last night. Bray Leaves Tomorrow For 18-Day Eastern Trip Dr. John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical and metallnrgical engineering, will leave tomorrow on an 18 day trip to eastern cities, including Pittsburgh, Philadelphia and Bethlehem, Pa., New York City, Niagara Falls, and to Cleveland. He will confer with the men in industry about the courses offered at Purdue and their tie-up with industry; and he also will address the annual meeting of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineering on “Metallurgical Education.” Dr. Bray had some years of experience as a mining and metallurgical engineer before coming to Putdue.
ter A^ill preside at the opening session, at which J. W. Wheeler, University trustee and chairman of the state board of planning, will discuss the state services of the latter organization. Dr. William A. Rohson, of London, England, will speak at the luncheon at the conclusion of the first morning’s session. Gov. Townsend To Speak W. H. Blucher, executive director of the American society of planning officials, and H. G. Pomeroy, chief of the field service of thie national association housing officials, both of Chicago, will speak at the afternoon meeting on February 16, following which M. Clifford Townsend, governor of Indiana,will speak at the Planning Conference dinner. Flavel Shurtleff, Washington, D. C., American civil association counsel, Col. Richard Lieber, former director of Indiana consei’vation, and J. C. Bottum, of the University farm management staff, are among the other speakers on the two day program. Playsbp Offers Mall Order Reservations Reserved seats for the second Playshop production, “I’ll Marry the Actress,” may be secured by mail order during this week. These reservations may be picked up at the box office when it opens next Tuesday, and will be given preference over box-office reservations, according to Wayne Milne, business manager. Seats may be reserved at the box office in Eliza Fowler Hall from one to five o’clock daily, except Saturday and Sunday, after it opens, February 8. On days of a pei’formance, tickets may also be secured until a halfhour before curtain time. The first performance of “I’ll Mairy the Actress” is scheduled for Tuesday evening, February 15, and shows will be given daily through Saturday night. The curtain will rise at 7:30 p.m., except on Friday and Saturday when curtain time is 8 o’clock. PEW Offers New First Aid Course Announcement of the new co-ed first aid course offered by the women’s physical education department this semester has been made by Miss Marion Russell, who is a qualified Red Cross first aid instructor. Co-eds may aiTange hours for the course, which will probably meet in the evening, with the instructor at registration. One hour of credit will be given for the course which will qualify co-eds for the Red Cross first aid certificate. PEW swimming courses are being offered to all sophomores and to freshmen as an elective if the classes are not filled by sophomores. These classes are scheduled for Tuesday and Thursday at 2, and on Wednesday and Friday at 2 and 4 o’clock. On Monday there will be a life-saving class from 4 to 5.
Tryouts Start For 'Of Thee I Sing' Tryouts for over 60 parts in the cast of the University’s all-campus musical production, “Of Thee I Sing,” will begin this morning at 9 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, and will continue throughout this afternoon and all day tomorrow. Officials request all aspirants to report at the desk at the foot of the tower room stairs on the second floor of the Union. Auditions will be under the supervision of Dance Directors Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton, Musical Director A. P. Stewart, and Drama Director H. Kenn Carmichael. The Sexton Sisters and H. Kenn Carmichael request all girls trying out for drama and music to bring shorts. IVo Hope For Cec Isbell Yet; But Oh, This Summer! Contradicting his statement that Cec Isbell and Hope Reisner were married, which appeared in several of yesterday’s papers, Lou Brock, teammate and fraternity brother of Isbell, emphatically said last night the couple had not been married. Saturday morning Brock went by automobile with Cecil Isbell, PE, ’38, and Hope Reisner, Sc. ’37, to Indianapolis. There the couple procured a marriage license, and at 8:05 p. m. Cec left by plane for Houston, Tex., where he joined the Southern All-Stars preparatory to their game with the professional Washington Redskins Sunday which the All-Stars lost, 17-16. Brock and Miss Reisner returned, Saturday night, and when questioned last night Miss Reisner giggled and said, “Oh, no I’m not married.” Her father “Deac” Reisner, said his daughter was not married as far as he knew, but that the wedding will take place this summer in this
city.
Carmichael To Review Play, 'Susan an.d God' H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, will review Rachel Crothers’ play, “Susan and God,” for the drama section of the Purdue Women’s Club at a general club meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Friday at 2:30 p. m. Members of the music section will contribute two piano selections. Carmichael is director of Playshop and the Lafayette Little Theater, and play reviewer for the Twentieth Century Club. Vassar Professor Here Dr. Katherine Rogers Adams, of Vassar Colleg^ faculty, will visit the University today on a tour of inspection in behalf of the American Association of University Women.
Faculty Highly Commends Debris Officers Debris Faculty Advisors McKee, Johnston, and Bodden recently commended Editors Ehinger and Siebenthal on this year’s publication of the University yearbook. After looking at the dumimy and the pictures that are already ih, Prof. J. H. McKee remarked, “From what I have seen of the work' of Ehinger, Siebenthal, Light, and their company, I can say that I think the campus will see this spring the best Debris in years.” “The Debris promises to be the best from an editorial and photographic standpoint in many years. The color scheme, conunemorating the fiftieth anniversary, makes it especially pleasing and desirable from the student standpoint,” commented Publicity pirector T. R. Johnston. Third faculty advisor, W. W. Bodden, auditor of student organizations, said, “More pictures will make this year’s Debris of even greater interest from the student’s viewpoint than the publications of previous years.” Debris salesmen with samples of Pebris photographic work will be on hand in the Armory at registration today.
•the Purdue
Exponent
TUESDAY February L 1938 Lafayette, kufiana VOL. 49 No. 99
Distinguished Students, Athletes To Lead Registration
Freshmen Will Vole On Senate Nominees Today During registration today and tomorrow freshmen of all schools will have a chance to vote on the Student Senate nominees from their schools. Ballots will be supplied to each voter at the Senate booth at the south end of the Armory, where each freshman voter will be required to present his passpoi-t before he may cast a ballot. Forty-one petitions have been returned by freshmen from all schools, and out of these petitioners 10 will be elected. The petitions have been turned in as follows: 21 from the engineering schools; six from the science school; five from the schoof of agriculture; six from home economics; two from the pharmacy school; and one from physical education. Six engineers will be selected; one from the school of science; one ag; one home ec; and one from pharmacy and physical edueation combined. Prof. Hall To Initiate Series Of Talks For Educational Group Prof. F. R. Hall, of the University history, economics, and government department, will give the opening talk on the adult education program tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, speaking on “Human Conservation.” This talk will be the first of a series of talks on conservation arranged for the group. On the evening of February 9, Dr. W. R. Graham, pastor of the Central Presbyterian. Church, will speak on “Sph'itual Consei’vation,” and Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the department of education and applied psychology, will talk on “Conservation of Family Values” February 16. Among other speakers scheduled to speak are M. O. Pence, R. O. Cole, Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, and other ‘staff members. Wesley Foundation To Offer Penny Carnival ■ Wesley Foundation will sponsor the annual penny'carnival tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock in the West Lafayette Methodist Chm’ch. Officials in charge invite everyone to attend the carnival. Among the entertainments offered are a fish pond, fortune telling, a beauty shop, telegraph office, bingo, candy-making contest, and many others. A German band under the direction of Dick Spraker will play during the evening, and several short plays will be presented. Subscribe To Expo In Armory Today For the convenience of students who wish to subscribe to the Exponent fojr the second sem^ter, the business staff will maintain a booth in the Armory during registration, and a table in the Union lobby to takic subscriptions. The price for a subscription for the second semester is $1.75, if delivered by carrier, or two dollars for mail subscriptions. Exponenf Work Schedule Tuesday night, Feb. 1—^Vance, night editor; Hardin, stooge; Frederick, issue editor; ,Keck, proof; Inslejr, Loveridge, workers. Wednesday night, Feb. 2—Schroeder, night editor; Stanback, stooge; Terrjio, issve editor; Woodson proof; Torrence, Kroeplifi, vvprkers.
Brasington Jumps Gun To Enter First Books For Exchange Jumping the gun two and a half hours, Richard C. Brasington, ME ’38, appeared at the doors of the Union ballroom at 10:30 yesterday morning to enter the first four books for sale at the Student Book Exchange. Ironically, the first book entered, awarded exchange slip number 1, had to be disqualified later in the afternoon. It was an English book superseded this semester by a newer edition. Official number one book therefore, will be the second volume entered, a pamphlet called “Pi’oblems in Business and Professional Speaking,” used in English 116. The price assigned to this first book was 30 cents. “I certainly hope the new exchange will be a success!” said Brasington last night, observing that he now had about seven dollars tied up in it.
Personnel Notes
Senior Pictures Personnel Director J. E. Walters recommends that all seniors take advantage of the opportunity to secure their individual pictures as offered by the Debris. These pictures will prove valuable in writing application letters and in interviews with employers. Fifty pictures may be pimchased for 50 cents through the services of the Debris staff. Placement Bureau Calls For Registration Blanks Sent To Senior Co-eds All registration blanks for the placement service must be turned in by senior women today, Ruth Houghton, head of the placement bureau for women, announced. The blanks, inquiring the nature of positions sought by 1938 co-ed graduates, were distributed to all senior women some time ago, and they will be kept in Miss Houghton’s office to guide her in placing co-eds. Miss Houghton also requests that co-eds registering for placement turn in three small pictures for employment blanks. Fifty copies of the Debris pictures may be purchased for 50 cents at the Debris desk duringNregistration. Senior women should make appointments for, interviews with Miss Houghton, she also stated in her.announcement. Foreigners Inquire About Seed Cleaner Two requests from abroad for information concerning the portable seed wheat cleaner developed ky C. E. Skiver, of the University agronomy staff, and now being used in many counties of the state have been received in the last few days. One request came .from Geelong, Australia, and another from Madgeburg, Germany.
Indiana Weather
Indiana Weather: Fair today, not so cold this afternoon. Tomoi’row increasing cloudiness, rain in south portion, and rain or snow in nojrth portion by afternoon or night. Rising temperature. Temperature: Low, 6; high, 18; mean, 12.
Regisirees To Enter At West Door Of Armory When Armory doors "open at 8 this morning for second semester registration, athletes and distinguished students will lead a two-day parade that unofficial predictions indicate 6,000 eds and co-eds will march in. Last semester’s record registration of 6,176 students will be depleted this term by approximately tfie usual number of ousted students while new registrees should bring the total up to the estimated 6,000. Students will be admitted to the Armory through the west door by showing schedule cards for the first semester, unless they have been dropped from the University. 1. The registration headquarters for the second semester will be in the Armory. Students will enter by the door in the middle of the west side. 2. Students will be admitted to registration in accordance with the following schedule : I. Distinguished Students of June, 1937, have the privilege of registering Tuesday, February 1, at 8 a. m., or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
W-Z st-v Sc-Sr Por-Sa Mop-Pop Ma-Moo Ker-L Him-Kep Gio-Hil Dum-Gin Coa-Dul Boo-Cly A-Bon
Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues. Tues.,
Feb. 1, 8 Feb. 1. 9 Feb. 1, 9 Feb. 1, 10 Feb. 1, 10 Feb. 1, 11 Feb. 1, 11 Feb. 1, 1 Feb. 1. 1 Feb. 1, 2 Feb. 1, 2 , Feb. 1, 3 Feb. 1, 3
30- 9 00- 9 30-10 ;00-10 30-11 00-11 ;30-12 00- 1 30- 2 00- 2 ;30- 3 00- 3 30- 4
:00 a.m. :30 a.m. :00 a.m. :30 a.m,_ :00 a.m7 :30 a.m. :00 a.m. ;30 a.m. :00 p.m. ;30 p.m. :00 a.m. :30 p.m. :00 p.m.
III. Undergraduate and special students, who have unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
V-Z Sm-U Na-Sl M Ke-L He-Ka Fm-Ha D-Fl Bre-C A-Bra
Tues., Tues., Wed., Wed., Wed., Wed., Wed., Wed., Wed., Wed.,
Feb. 1, Feb. 1, Feb. 2, Feb. 2, Feb. 2, Feb. 2, Feb. 2, Feb. 2, Feb. 2. Feb. 2,
4:00- 4 4:39- 5 8:00- 8 8:30- 9 9:00- 9 9:30-10 10 -.00-10 10:30-ll 11:00-ll 11:30-12
:30 p.m. :00 p.m. :30 a.m. :00 a.m. :30 a.m. :00 ajn. :30 a.m. :00 a.m. :30 a.m. :00 a.m.
IV. Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows: S-Z Wed., Feb. 2. 1:00- 1:30 p.m. li-R Wed., Feb. 2, 1:30- 2:00 p.m. F-K Wed., Feb. 2, 2:00- 2:30 p.m. A-E Wed., Feb. 2, 2:30- 3:00 p.m. V. Graduate student register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows : W-Z Tues., Feb. 1, 8:00- 9:00 a.m. Sn-V Tues., Feb.l, 9:00-10:00 a-m. Ro-Sm Tues., Feb. 1, 10:00-11:00 a.m. P-Rn Tues., Feb. 1, 11:00-12:00 a.m. Mi-O Tues., Feb. 1. 1:00- 2:00 p.ml Lb-Mh Tues., Feb. 1, 2:00- 3:00 p.m. J-La Tues., Feb. 1, 3:00- 4:00 a.mj H-I Tues., Feb. 1, 4 :00- 5:00 p.m. E-G Wed., Feb. 2, 8:00- 9:00 a.m. Coo-D Wed., Feb, 2. 9:00-10:00 a.m. Bi-Con Wed., Feb, 2, 10:00-ll :00 a.m. A-Be Wed., Feb. 2, 11:00-12:00 a.m. \ Exponent Scribes Will Meet Tomorrow Night All workers on the Exponent editorial staff—seniors, juniors, sophomores, and freshmen—^will meet in the east side office to discuss and arrange work schedules for next semester tomorrow night at 7:30 p. m. After the meeting ice cream and doughnuts will be served. Until 5 o’clock tomorrow night J. E, Brock, managing editor of the Exponent will see prospective workers for the paper, which will be the last chance for freshmen to start work on the Exponent as an activity. • During the same time, all freshmen workers must see Jack Brock either at the east side office or at the Phi Kappa house if they wish to continue working on the paper. .1 Dr. Walters To Ledure On Seniors' Getting Jobs “How a Purdue Senior Can Get a Job” will he the subject of the first of a series of employment lectures by Dr. J. E. Waltera, University director of engineering personnel* to be given Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electric^ Engineering Building. This lecture is being sponsored by the honorary societies and is open tp senior students only.
■‘j
■i^ ^ UJ.
.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. February 1. 1938
As We Move Forward^... .... into s^^new semester we leave behind a number of our friends and former classmates. Some of them we are perhaps leaving behind forever scholastically others will trail us by a few hours of credit towards graduation. Some of these students, of course, just weren’t good college material. They didn’t put their heart into their work—preferred to “joe” around, live for week-end entertainment or just couldn’t arouse the interest or the ability necessary to doing passing work. Probably they are little concerned over flunking out of the University—^much less so than the parents who were financing their venture into higher education. These students may go out into the world and find w’ork suited to their capacities and their tastes, and live none the worse for their dismissal from the University. We think they will benefit from the contacts, the change in environment, and any little training they may have received in one, two or three semesters here. But other of our classmates who will be missed dui - ing the coming semester had the ability, the “I. Q.,” or whatever the characteristic essential for scholastic success is; yet they were forced to drop out of school because they were either not psychologically or financially adjusted to college life. I|t is these students who suffer most, whose lives may even be wrecked because of their attempt to make a go at University education. “I got off to a bad start” is one of the excuses given most frequently for the poor showing which the registrar’s books have chalked up against us. And theie is more than a glimmer of truth in that statement, although the speaker may not know how well he analyzed his case. Usually he means that he did not begin to take classroom notes or to prepare his assignments until the school year was pretty well underway. That is one of the factors which may cause a student to operate at a loss for the semester, but the expression has many other implications. The student may have gotten off to a bad start because he didn’t assign proper relative weights to the various phases of college life: educational, extracurricular, social, recreational. If he overvalued any one of the latter three, he is likely now saying, “I know you come up here primarily to make good grades, but I’m an activity man, and I’m getting more
the Purdue Exponent MEMBER ^soctated gbU^giate haduoh wisconsm Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. NBPRE8ENTBD FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTI8INO BY National AdvertisIsigService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADISON AVE MEW YORK N. Y CHICAGO • Boston - Los Angeles • sah Francisco
Editor-In-Chief R. P, Manion
\ Business Manager D. C. Miller
out of my activities than I would out of concentrating on engineering”; or “those grinds who make ‘distinguished’ won’t know how to live after they get out of here because they’re spending all their time with their noses in a book.’’ ,' All persons live in a world of their own, and sometimes this world is so far removed from the college universe that its inhabitants cannot establish good ’communications. He may end the semester -with scholastic failures, but without knowing why ... he will rationalize and come forth with various justifications, perhops believing that everyone else is wi’ong. Or the bad start may have consisted in making any beginning at all . , . especially if he tried to do what is commonly praised as “working his way through college.” We suggest as a more up-to-date expression, “hitch-hiking your way through college.” Too often the work of trying to make expenses and make grades at the same time proves too much of a load . . . the student finds himself an academic failure, and if he isn’t made of thoroughbred stuff, he may develop a “failure complex” and never be able to make a success of anything. Overwork and loss of sleep can combine to produce distorted viewpoints. Failures caused by improper adjustment can be prevented by clinical diagnosis and treatment . . . some of them are now being averted by the counsel of the dean of men and by the counseling of the personnel office. But there is need of a leorganization which will combine and coordinate the work that is now being done, and then an expansion which will enable the University “to fit every soldier foi service before sending him over the top.”
—^Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders — Gail Redfield. i 11:30—Katherine Shearer, soprano. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnitz, piano. 12:45—Jo Friend, popular songs 1:00—Birth of the News. 1:15—Farm Administration Program. 1:30—The Monitor Views The News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Melody Moments. 2:30—^Parents Forum. 2:45—Treasuie Chest. 3:00—British Isles. 3:15—Concert Review, 3:45—The Question Man. ^ 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4.15—ivieloay Moods. 4:30—You and Your Radio. 4:45—Twilight Melodies.
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY BATTERING,SHATrERINGFISTSl RIP-TEARtNG GUN BATTLES 1
VHIVIHAl NCtINTI
Today! Punch-Packed Drama! MAN^PEOPLE wen MOM'rNmr Star JOSEPH CALLEIA RINdEIIGEMeE.TEDIIEM.V — olw — "WILD WEST DAYS”
National Acacia Officials Convene On Campus National officials of Acacia, Masonic social fi’aternity, held a twoday meeting last week-end in Purdue’s Memorial Union Building, installing Jack K. Tuthill of Champaign, 111., as national secretaiy. Acacia’s local chapter was selected as meeting place for a regional officers’ conference to be held this spring. Big Ten universities will send Acacia representatives to this meeting.
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
A Stage Hit in 25 Countries!... NOW THE LAUOH HU OF THE WORLD!
CUUDETTE
COLBERT CHARLES BOYER TOVARICH '^..tonight’s our night!”
TODAY — DOUBLE
TOMORROW FEATURE A roistenng, singing sea-ranger—he bal tied for the treasure of the deep and found adventure in tropical seas
^^^.HOUSTON COLEMAN Aieuno CLARK —PLUS—
BOB BURNS JOEL McCREA FRANCES DEE Today and Wednesday
—PLUS— SPORTLIGHT
Traveltalk in Color.
What we want to know is—“Who’s going to handle activities this next semester, now that most of the junior activity men and wimmin have flunked out?” Horatio at the Bridge had nothing on Purdue Profs.—Mottos of both were—“They shall not pass.” Just a casual guess would hazard the figure that about 15 or 20 per cent of the freshmen flunked chemistry and drawing. We wonder if the profs, weren’t DRAWING the line a bit too fine there. Headline news for the scandal mongers is the announcement of the approaching marriage of AllAmerican “Cec” and All-Purdue “Hope.” The loving couple procured a license in Indianapolis the other day —but so far haven’t done anything about it “Hope” says she HOPES they’ll be married in June when “Cec” is graduated. Let us in on the real dope, Hopie —which June will that be? Katherine Rhynearson, Alfaki hotshot, came back from the Xmas holidays flaunting a diamond in her sistei's’ eyes. Now she has a Theta Xi pin—and its not from the guy who purchased the sparkler either! What next, Katie??? Well register sweetly, my sweets.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
“Don’tcha read the papers? The Interstate Commerce Commission boosted all railroad rates!”
What, Where, When?
The rummage sale is a good name for that institution in American life, but every counter in a store is not a display for a rummage sale, and a customer should not rummage through such a table of goods. Wait for the clerk to help you, it you can’t find what you want without digging like a muskrat. Never ask a clerk to help you un-
less you‘are the only one waiting and she has not observed you. Remember there are others ahead of you whose hurry may be as great as yours. Always remember that the clerk has personally helped you gain something that you wanted, if it is only information. Thank her for her help to you. To a clerk who has been particularly helpful thanks are demanded by good manners. An information clerk or floorwalker may have as his duty answering our many questions bu^ that hardly excuses us from the use of “thank you.”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
HSStUSBWCO
TOTHEUAU
But Branch iobhitt, like so many other independent experts, prefers Luckies...
"AT AUCTIONS in my warehouse in Farmville, North Carolina,” says Mr. Branch Bobbitt, "Lucky Strike buyers know what tobacco they want and they’ll keep bidding right up until they get it. "Well—in a cigarette—it’s the tobacco that counts. I know tobacco and I know what tobacco is in what cigarettes. So that’s one reason I’ve smoked Luckies for over five years now.” Many other experts agree with Mr. Bobbitt. Sworn records show that, among independent tobacco experts, Luckies have twice as many exclusive smokers as have ajl the other cigarettes combined.
1
HAVE YOU HEARD "THE CHANT OF THE TOBACCO AUCTIONEER" ON THE RADIO! Whan you do, ramombar that Luckia* usa tha finast tobacco. And oUo that tho "Tooiting" ProcoM ramovas cartoin harsh irritants found in gU tobacco. So luckios ora kind to your throat.;■*!'''! t!),
'.v'’ iV*
, ’■In 'n^ y >!f/ ,
ihiie^oy. February 1. 1938
THE POBDOE EXPONap
k;|'
Boilermakers To Resume Big Ten Race Saturday Against Indiana U. Lambert Will Stick To Fast Break In Week-End Encounters With Fightin' Hoosiers And Illinois Purdue’s colorful basketball squad, following nearly a three week layoff on account of mid-semester examinations* will return to the hardwood wars this week-end in a pair of home battles that will determine whether the Boilermakers are to be real threats to Northwestern’s leadership in the current Big Ten title chase.
With the title-touted Wildcats out in front by virtue of two more victories than the Boilermakers enjoy, Purdue’s chances to pull up on even terms with the conference leaders will be at stake against the formidable Indiana and Illinois quintets on Saturday and Monday, respectively, while Northwestern has a temporary rest from Big Ten competition. Hoosiers Unpredictable The unpredictable Indiana combination, which has shown flashes of balanced power and always rises to the heights in its traditional battles with Purdue, is expected to providdithe acid test for the Boilermakers as hardwood action/ is resumed Saturday night before a sell-
out crowd of 8,500. Another capacity crowd will be on hand Monday night as the Boilermakers attempt to even matters with the Illinois combination that is responsible for the only defeat charged up against Purdue so far this season. Coach Ward Lambert expects to stick to the same style of sustained action attack that has enabled the Boilermakers to average slightly better than 42 points per game in their four Big Ten starts. Following the pair of home stands here this week-end, the Boilermakers will take to the road to meet Ohio State at Columbus on Saturday, February 12, in the first of a home and home series.
By Dick Obenchain
Well, back for another lap . . . We only know that it wasn’t long enough ... And the basketball players have had even less than us . . . They had to be back Saturday . . . But they really have a reason for getting on the ball . . . Indiana Saturday and Illinois the following Monday. ■—^fc-^ Following these two home games the local squad will journey to Columbus and Madison for the next consecutive Saturdays . . . on the twenty-first, Ohio State at Lafayette ... Indiana at Bloomington on Saturday, here for Chicago game on Monday the twenty-eighth, and finally closing the season at Evanston on March fifth ... A mighty big bite for any ball team to swallow. —^fc— The games that really have us
worried are the Wisconsin and the Northwestern games ... Both away from home and both teams plenty tough . . . We think that the Badgers are the toughest opponents that Purdue has played all season .. They sure did rake Michigan over the coals at Madison a couple of weeks ago ... and Northwestern is plenty tough apples on their home floor, too . . . They weren’t so awfully disappointed after their defeat here a week ago Monday . . , They expect to split with the Boilermakers this year. —fc— If the Boilermakers can get by the schedule that faces them for the next month, they will have finished the season with but a single defeat —a feat even the , great Stanford team will probably not be able to do . . . and this year’s team will be one
of the greatest that Por/duie has ever seen . . . Even if they do fall down once or twice, they will still have a record that any team in the country can envy ... We don’t know how it will turn out . . . The home team is bound to have a bad night sometime with games coming so fast and furioils . . . We can only hope and wish the Lambertmen the best of luck.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
All present and prospective work^ era on the sports staff of the Exponent will meet in the main office, 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, Thursday evening, February 3, at 7 :30 p. m. to arrange schedules and discuss problems pertinent td the sports staff. This call includes all freshmen, sophomores, and juniors. J. E. Brock, Managing Editor.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Nearly made it!! Don't be one of these people! Call a DELUXE CAB 20c First Pasenger —10c Each Additional Passenger Anyplace in Lafayette or West Lafayette 2151 Phone 2151
TtiaORiDis we tell pul)
Reiemkr a few weeks ago how "stale" you were with respect to (lasses, books, and then finals? You must!
We Pay 40% CASH
for
Second Hand Books Every Day H.G.(Dea()Rei$ner Bookstore Everything for a College Education
iSORE against the same feeling
self of ACTIVITIES and FACILITIES of YOUR UNION. VISITS more FREQUENT.
CORNER OF THE CAMPUS YET THE CENTER OF ACTIVITIES
ENJOY YOUR MEALS AT THE ■ NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia Street We specialize in serving all kinds of American and Chinese Food at Popular Prices. Try a Delicious STEAK, CHOP SUEY OR CHOW MEIN DINNER We Use Only Highest Quality Government Inspected Meat Call 4966 for Orders to Take Out Op^en 11 A. M. to Midnight
FIRST SPRING FLOWERS
Before the first crocuses are up in your garden^ our counters are in full bloom. This springes prints are more than ever enchanting, and we want you to have some. Get ahead of the season by making yourself a gay print dress . . . it*ll put a little sparkle into the drab end of winter.
Beldings Pure Dye
Mallinson’s Pure Silk
Especially Priced $J.69
Yard
39 inches wide.
Simplicity, Buttericfc, Vogue, McCall, Pictorial Patterns. "Lord’s for Quality Yard Goods**
LOEB & H CMC COMPiAMV
-k f/
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# Februory I. 1938
Juniors, Seniors Wiii Enter Hanley Contest
Two final contestants from the junior class will be determined in the Hanley Speech Contest on February 8, one week latei the two finalists fiom the senioi class will be selected to complete the list of eight students who will speak for the prizes of $50 and $20 in the final contest on Maich 3
W A Hanley, ME ’ll, geneial supervisor of Eli Lilly Corporation, IS the donor of the prizes An engineering handbook wall be presented to the winning junioi, and the winning senioi wall leceive a yeai’s subscription to Forum Pieshman and sophomoie lepiesentatives in the finals have already been selected, but any upperclassman inteiested may get complete information fiom R Horn, of the University speech depaitment
TYPEWRITERS Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Mam street.
FOR RENT—Two double student looms, % block fiom campus 352 Noithwestern.
ROOMMATE WANTED—$8 per month Call 46903 after 6 o’clock
ROOMMATE_^NTED—Comf01 table twin b^^S^et home. 2 blocks from campus 345 Syl via Phone 56824.
FOR SAJLiJii—Gibson tenoi banjo in excellent condition. Reasonable Call 8125, ask foi Sheiwood
• the Purdue .Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ’ DR. ROBERT G RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Taxi Service
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Special Occasions 25s per passenger any part of city
5023—Phones-
-3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
— Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Locksmith
‘C” CARTER
for
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
”*^011106 Stationery Wedding Invitaiionl _ Sales Books, Etc
PHONE
2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • •
Most exelustve assortment of coravailable to Purdne Stadenta.
527 Main
Phone 5432
Inc.
635 Main St. in Lana Theatre Building
Phone 7955—8050
Dine
fbuds^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Furniture —
Keys — Locks — General Repairing
Knife and Scissor Grinding
New LC.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L C. N. Door Closer Distributors
208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy
Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Beauty Studio —
Student Equipment
JjuAniiJuM 00.
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPE^HDW. 822 MAIN
FOR RENT—Student room, either single or double. Air-condition furnace, soft water bath. Call 4003 or 7935 t
FOR RENT—One or two comfortable double looms, corner Salisbury and Stadium Avenues, 103 Stadium. Phone 41552
FOR RENT—Single room and a double 1 oom Single beds. 122 Pierce stieet
WANTED—Student to share room with senior. 718 Evergreen stieet West Lafayette.
at 4 p m
Discuss schedules Imtiortant —COOLEY.
Playshop Stage Crew: Work from 4 p m February 1 and all day February 2. —BRENMAN
All Freshmen: Be sure to vote for your representative in the Student Senate at the Senate voting table at the south door of the Armory before leaving registration —ELLIOTT
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A pf the Union on February 1 at 7 30 p m —WINTER
University Orchestra. February 3, at 8 m in Fowler Hall studio —PHILLIPS
Ceres. Regular meeting February 1 at 7 30 p m in the Union —HENRY
FOR RENT—Single room m quiet house 440 Noith Salisbury street. Phone 45633
FOR RENT—One single and onehalf double room. Phone 66364. 135 Chauncey Ave
FOR RENT—Desirable loom for student 44 N Sahsbuiy Phone 41563
STUDENT ROOM—Private entiance, continuous hot watei 113 S. Giant. Phone 51303
FOR RENT—Double loom in a piivate home Piefei girls Phone 41102
Notices
Mo Notices Accepted Afttr 8 pm
All Exponent Co eds Meeting Wednesday February 2 in Union Exponent office
Book Exchange There will be meeting
of the members of the executive board of control of the Student Book Exchange in the Union ballroom at 10 h i« February 1. —STALLINGS
Book Exchange: There will be a mass meeting of all workers in any way connected with the new Student Book Exchange in the Union ballroom February 1 at 10 30 a m Important This meeting is for workers on any of the five days of the Exchange —STALLINGS
Student Book i<,xchange Workers: The following workers will please report to the Student Book Exchange February 1, at the following hours Tuesday—11-12 Ashton, Berry, Estey, Hardin, McClelland, McCoy, Thomas Williamson, DeMars, Richardson Tuesday—12-1 Ashton, Berry, Crepps, Hardin, McClelland Stocker, DeMars, Richardson Tuesday—1-2 Ashton, Berry Hardin, McClelland, Mc-
Coy, Stocker, Thomas, Richardson, Wil- f liahiBOn, DeMars ^ Tuesday—2-8 i ^ Berry, Hardin, McClelland, McCoy, Schryver, Stocker, Thomas, Richardsen, WllHamBon, Rice, DeMars Tuesday—3-4 ( Berry, Hardin, McClelland, McCoy, Schryver, Stocker, Thomas, Richardson, Williamson, Rice, DeMars^ Tuesday—6-6
Stocker,
Crepps, Hardin, McClelland Thomas, Richardson
Tuesday—6-7
Ashton, Berry, McCoy Richardson, Wil-
liamson, Beebe Tuesday -7-8
Ashton Berry, Cooper Crepjis, Edson, Hardin, McCoy, Stocker, Thomas, William-
son
Tuesday—8-9 Ashton Berry, Cooper, Crepps, Edson, McCoy, Stocker Thomas, Richardson, William-
son
—STALLINGS
'I’d have been a successful man if I had been more careful with my Personal Appearance.” Neglect, indifference—can bring about complete failure.
Have Crown Care for Your Clothes Regularly
i^owN Immwi
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Now Ilf Ths Post
''Guess wko dropped in hJuy I
Sir William almost
never take things serious y J bounder a showgirl was no excuse. ^ Lady Julia,
b.er-1 “What’s ^wt ptn “wasn’t that enough? It wa^ pie y pened. (Look in the Post, on page 8 )
Good Old Julia
by MAUGERY SHARP
Imagine yourself in a plane 5000 feet up. Suddenly the engine sputters, and dies. Should you bail out—or stick to the ship and nsk a landing? That’s the question a flier has to answer time and again Let an Army Air Corps pilot tell you how it feels to have to make that decision — especially at night, with a sea of blackness below.
■ovenn' JAPAN
by LT.
BEIRNE lay, JR.
RPns then? EmSi / h^Pf .vato r bind Amencafi strategy bereports on Iwtpt f a famihai road taking along
t^ove a Crusade by GEORGE FIELDING ELIOT M.,„. M,,uar,
and .. $4,000,000 TO HOUSE 100 FACIES, Ralph F Armstrong’s amazing case history^ ^ SS-S Cofe“ro?2fiy "when you’rAn undebutanteonyourhands.Keaa/'/pew ? Kluckhohn Eew Dwtz • ■ ut TO SnDmS u s interests. . .. Also, stones fyTrmf Day and Richard Howells Watkins; serials. humor, cartoons.
the SMrui(pjiY
KYEm
„ An liJL Pouniied Ad\
*OST
^Franklii
TBB SNTVStpMY MVENING POST
^ +