\ ..
» '
X
> )
Z-1»
Foundttd In 1889
XfZO-HeM m Diily Since 1908
Volume 52, No, 168
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, April 29, 1941
Today's News At A Glance
• Nazi Peace Offers By jane ^If the German plans for the conduct of the war during the next two months materialize,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London, “the Germans expect to be in a position, by the end of June, to make a complete and conclusive peace offer to the United States.” • British Take Dessie Two British columns closing in from north and south, have taken Dessie, last big stronghold of the Italians in Ethiopia. London said this success releases many troops for reinforcement of the Army of the Nile on the Egyptian frontier. ^ * * * • Two Nazi Columns In Egypt “It is not clear just how far south J^rom the coast the enemy has advanced into Egypt,” cables Richard Mowrer from Cairo, “but military sources refer to two columns of ‘light mobile forces’ as operating inland away from the sea.”
* *
• Thousands Of Bodies In Aegean With Athens in the hands of the Germans, Berlin reports that its air corps and mechanized forces have been taking a heavy toll of British troops withdrawing from the country and that thousands of bodies have been washed up on the Aegean coast.
* * * \
• US Pilots Join RAF
“British fighter and bomber squadrons were joined today,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, “by a number of crack young American fighters and bomber pilots from the United States Army Air Corps who will serve with them as observation officers for the next three months.” Aeromodelers To Hold P*' Omega's Third Contest My; ‘
Prizes Amount To $125
Faculty Approves SAA Change
University Aeromodelers will Tiold their third annual outdoor model airplane contest Sunday, May 4 from 9 to 6 o’clock. Signs will mark the way to the contest which will be held about ten miles north on the River road. Model airplane builders from several states will be here for the contest. Last year several University contestants won places in the National meet in Chicago. Prizes amounting to $126 will be given to the winners of the individual events. There will be competition classes for gas models, rubber powered models, and gliders. The times of several flights of each plane will be averaged-to find the winner of each ,event. Any person with a model airplane may enter the contest. An entry fee of 26 cents will be charged for gliders, 60 cents for rubber powered planes, and 76 cents for gas models, a.c. Exponent Editorial Board There will be a meeting Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Experiment station. —DONAHUE.
Forty members ' of the Alpha Gamma chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, heard Gordon Enders speak on “A United States of the World” at their annual banquet, held Sunday
night in the Union.
Following Mr. Ender’s lecture, which dealt -^ith the possibilities of a federation of the English speaking nations and the countries of South America, members of Alpha Phi Omega discussed plans for the
coming year.
Previous to the gathering, eight new men were initiated into the chapter in a formal ceremony. They are: Donald E. Brewer, Indianapolis; Warren Burres, Indianapolis; Ralph Clark, Gary; Richard A. Lancet, Ihdiailapolis; Raymond Price, Fort Wayne; Philip Sigler, Indianapolis; Robert Turner, Indianapolis, and Dean Wilbur, Elkhart. Music Room ... is sponsoring a recorded program Wednesday evening. May 30, from seven until eight o’clock. Franz Shubert’s compositions will be played. The program includes: “Unfinished Symphony,” no. 8, in B minor; “Soirees de Vienne”; and “Rosamunde Overture.”" The public is invited to attend this program.
U S Pilots Join R A F Squadrons By William H. Stoneman
special cable
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, April 28.—^British fighter and bomber squadrons were joined today by a number of crack young American fighters and bomber pilots from the United States Army Air Corps who will serve with them as observing officers during the next three months. The group consists of handpicked young pilots who have had at least SIX months or a year’s experience in American combat units. All are college men and the average age runs well under 26 years. Their job here is to learn all they can of British tactics and British experience in actual combat before returning to the United States where they will pass on the lessons to
their fellow pilots.
The American officers will avoid action with the Germans and at the beginning they will be posted at training establishments, where young pilots are given advanced training, and with squadrons with previous combat experience and taught to fly new types of aircraft. Later, they will probably be attached to squadrons which are, actively engaged in operations. Something approaching ^ a riot was caused when tl^e small American contingent arrived in this country several days ago. When they appeared at a hotel in their American uniforms they were cheered, bombarded with free dunks by Royal Air Force pilots and local citizens, and young ladies ^quickly transferred their attentions to the newcomers. When they appeared at Batter’s, Piccadilly, and people discovered they were Americans, traf-
fic almost stopped. Camera Club
. . . has set a deadline of 6 p. m., tomorrow, for spring exhibit entries. The display will begin Friday ]l|Iay 2, as part of the Gala Week activities and will continue until May 17. Prints may be left in the
Student Union office.
Students Ballot May 8 Exponent Wins On Proposed Revision 'All-American'
In ACP Grading
Yesterday afternoon the Faculty Executive Committee gave its unanimou'ls consent to the proposed construction of the Purdue Athletic Council. The provisions of this constitution abolish the present Student Athletic Association and set up in its place a council of nine members composed of the seven senior student managers of baseball, football, basketball, and track, the Director of'the Division of Physical Education for Men, and the chairman of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Committee. This council will assume all of
Alumni Face Varied Gala Days Schedule
By John Armstrong “College Widow,” open house, baseball g^mes, ROTC review — these are only a few of the dozens of events crowded into the four days of 1941’s Gala Week. From the time the first alumni return Thursday afternoon until Mike Murphy’s last airplane stunt and the final band concert Sunday afternoon, one event follows another in unceasing succession. Highlight of the Theek-end for many an alumnus will be the annual Founders' Day banquet Saturday evening at 5:46 o’clock in the Union. Joe Reichman's orchestra and the University Men’s Glee Club will furnish music for the affair. First presentation of the new annual Noble E, Kizer award for the best athlete-scholar of the year will be made at this banquet. Award “P” Blankets Senior lettermen will receive their “P” blankets Friday night at the annual International “P” Men’s Club banquet in the Union. The blankets have been purcha'Sed with the proceeds of the Blanket Hop earlier in the year. Gala Week Dinner in the ballroom of the Union Sunday noon, at
which loyalty and gold and silver anniversary certificates will be presented to alumni, and the Literary Banquet Thursday at 6:30 p. m., also in the Union, keep up the ban-quet-a-day schedule. A speech by Mary Ellen Chase, presentation of various student literary awards constitute Thursday’s after-dinner program. Student Night Thursday Thursday is also student night at “College Widow.” Your passport will be all you’ll need to see George Ade’s comedy then^ and only students will be admitted. Tickets for Saturday’s performance of the Varsity Show are one dollar. Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, reports a sell-out in prospect; all seats sold for Saturday’s show are reserved. Athletic events scheduled for the long week-end are numerous. Riveter baseballers will play traditional rival Indiana at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon and again at 10 Saturday morning while the racquet-wielders will play Butler Thtfrsday afternoon at 4 o’clock and Ball State Friday at 4 p. m. Varsity golfers tee off against Ohio State Friday afternoon.
Schools Hold Open .House Then there’s open house. The schools of Agriculture, Home Economics, Physical Education, and Science will be open for inspection from 1:30 to 4:30 p. m. Friday. Also open at that time will^ be the library, the locomotive museum, the power plant, the armory, the airport and WRH and Cary Halls. Friday evening from 7 to 10 o’clock the schools-of Engineering and Pharmacy and the chemistry and physics departments 'will be welcoming” visitors. The varipus labs and shops will be in regular operation. The military department will show the field artillery in action in the armory, followed at 10 o’clock with the Zouaves’ exhibition drill, Saturday morning the speech department will exhibit its clinic work, and make recordings of visitors’ voices. Also on Friday night, at 8 o’clock Dolphin Club presents its Aquacade in the Fieldhouse, featuring AAU events. Military Review At 4 The Gala Week ROTC Military Review will start promptly at 4 (Continued on page 4)
the present activities of the S^A and will in addition assume a number of duties which will aid Athletic Director Mai Elward in furthering athletic endeavors at the University.
Senate Accepts Proposition ^
Last Tuesday the Student Senate accepted the proposition also With unanimous consent. The only remaining hurdle to be crossed before the new constitution goes into effect will he the vote of the student body which will be held Thursday, May 8. If the proposal receives a majority of student votes the new Purdue Athletic Council will begin
to function immediately.
Charter members of the new organization will be Ji^ Adams and Jim Mercer, ...baseball managers'; Bill Maierhofer and Bill Campbell, football managers; Charlie Standard, basketball manager; and Vaughn Hill and John Clouser, track managers. Gordon Peterson and Dick Raney, present junior members of the SAA, will serve on the council for the first year with ' the same status as the other members. Mai Elward and Professor G. A. Young, Chaiiman-of the Committee on Athletic Affairs, are the faculty members under the new
set-up.
Three Officers Elected Under the provisions of the PAC, three officers will be elected from among the student members of the Council. The president will be responsible for the success of the activities of the board, and vrill cooperate with the Athletic Director in every respect. The vice-president will be the publicity director of the council in., addition to the regular duties of fhat office. The third officer, the secretary-treasurer, will assume the ordinary duties of this dual office. The requirements for awards in the various sports will remain unchanged, as will the arrangement for the election of yell leaders and the present managerial system. The sections referring to these matters are incorporated unchanged in the new constitution. Any proposed change to the new constitution must be “presented to the Council at least two weeks before a final vote may be taken. During this time it shall be published in the student publication, and shall be open to criticism and discussion by the student body.” .This provision will allow the members to ferret out student reactions to proposed changes in order to vote in accordance with the wishes of the Btude^body. p.c.j. AWS Counselors M^et Tomorrow Affernoon Second counselor meeting in the training course sponsored by AWS will be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dean Dorothy' Stratton will speak on “Current Freshmen Confusions.” Attendance at the meetings is compulsory for girls who intend to be freshmen or transfer counselors next fall. The counselors will be chosen on the basis of attendance at the meetings and on an interview. Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright are in charge of the "counseling program. Meetings will also be held May 6 and May 15. a.c.
PI A Awards Reisner Scholarship Trophy At Banquet Sunday Francis E. Reese, Chemical Engineer, ’41, was awarded the H. G. Reisner Scholarship Trophy at the annual PIA-Independent banquet in the Union Sunday evening. Every year the H. G. Reisner Trophy is given to the independent sciiior having the highest culminative index for seven consecutive semesters. Reese won the award with a culminative index of 6.05. At this banquet the newly-elected officers of the PIA Executive Board and Independent staff were installed in office. Damon Elder has been elected president of the PIA, and the other members of the executive board are: Ellen Suttner, co-ed executive; Chuck Hansen, vice-presi-dent; Gloria Fox, secretary; and Bill Southard, treasurer, Irving Smulevitz, Ph. ’42 and Jack Thompsop, EE ’43, are the new senior editors of the Purdue Independent for the coming year. Oscar W. Luetkemeier, Ag ’42, was named head of the business staff. Other members of <ithe staff are: Monica Buergler, co-ed editor; Anna Jensen, NISA staff correspondent; Robert W. Troutman, credit manager;'and Harold E. Hendricks, circulation manager. Irvin, Moeller Win Honors Last Saturday At Dairy Day John Irvin and Norbert Moeller carried off major honors at the first annual Purdue Dairy Day held here Saturday under the direction of the, Dairy Club, a student organization. Irvin, a junior agriculture student from Waynetown, had the highest individual score of those competing in the judging of dairy
products.
The jqdging of dairy cattle- was where Moeller shone. He is a freshman in the Agriculture school from Greensburg. r.r.r.
“All-American” — top ranking with only eight other of the natioi^s college dailies — has been awarded the EXPONENT in competitive rating examinations by judges of the Associated Collegiate Press. "Announcement of the award, the first in the EXPONENT’S history, was made yesterday from the national headquarters of the ACP in Minneapolis. The ratings were made in five groups, of which “All-Ameri-can” is the highest. Judges representing college and commercial papers and instructors in journalism schools made the selections on the basis of news values and sources, news writing and editing, headlines, typography and make-up, features, and sports. j.l.t. Handicraft Exhibition Opens Today in Union The third annual exhibition of handicraft made in the Union Puttering Shops will open today in the west Union reception hall, Robert Parks, Union art supervisor, has announced. The exhibit will run through May 9 and be open to the public from 8 o’clock in the morning to 10 o’clock in the evening. Representatives of many types of handiwork, including painting, sculpturing, carving, and linoleum blocks, will be displayed in various stages of completion. Many leather articles, such as purses and cigarette and sliderule cases, are joi-* eluded in the display. Increasing interest in the hobby shown by campus “putterers” that foredd the two-year-old Shop to expand from the Union tower room to its present quarters in rooms 84, 86, and 88 in the sub-basement, necessitated moving the show from the Music Room to a more convenient location. Extra-curricular classes in certain arts will be conducted in the Shops during the summer ses-
sions.
The Puttering Shops are open to all students. Most materials are free, woods, leathers, and metals being sold at cost. “Putterers^’ are free to make anything and keep their finished work. w.eX Kappa Delta Pi . . . educational honorary, vfiU elect new officers tonight during a meeting at 7:45 o’clock in room>3S5 of the Union. Keys will be distributed to members.
'Best Dressers' Prizes Here; " Turn In Entrants Names Today
Take notice all you well dressed men. Here is your chance to win a grand prize for being one of the best dressed men on campus. If you feel that you have a chance turn in your name or be more subtle and have your roommatq do it. Ih either case do it today, the contest is getting well under way. " Just to show you what you will be missing if you don’t enter into the contest today, here is a list and description of the prizes being offered by local merchants. Prom the Baltimore comes a tan Parksuede jacket styled by Silver. This jacket is a loose fitting model. Gullipn’s is offering a pair of sport trousers and the winner gets to go down end pick out his own. Geisler is giving a Rugby original cable stitched sleeveless vest of beige with leather but-
tons.
King chose a white Crepe Suzette rayon shirt by Mack for his con-
tribution. The scotch crept in when Decker picked a McGregor longsleeved ribbed tan sweater. The Reliable Clothing Co., gave a beige sleeveless pullover by Sarby. Thieme and Wangerlin presents a paisley foulard of pure silk by Cohoma Cravats. Shoes of yonor own choice comes from A. B, C. Shoes. The brand they give you to pick from is Freeman, Say, fellows doesn’t that make you want to be one of the five best dressed men on campus t The prizes for the five lucky co» eds chosen to represent this campus as beat dressed will be announced in the near future. AH the ccNeds who are easting their thoughts toward the contest can get an idea of the prizes by the description of those offered by the Men’s Sho|^ Get your name in today.'f ' f|'
fiiMqsL 2^£diJtJL
Tu^sdcty^ April 29# 1941
(pMJudwL £xfmmnL
JimsiLi^ JoUl
Possibly the last alUcampus vote will be held Thursday, May 8, under the out worn Student Athletic Association constitution. Thursday students will vote to or not to replace the SAA by the newly proposed Purdue Athletic Council, whose constitution was approved yesterday by the Executive Committee of the University. The evils under the old SAA are -many. The Student Senate, in formulating the proposed PAC constitution has eliminated these. As we see it the most glaring evil under the SAA was the political angle. Many students will charge that the new set-up will take needed representation to the athletic department away from the student body proper. This charge is not well grounded. It will leave seven of the nine members of the Council students. But these seven students will be, the framers of the constitution believe, better a)3le to represent the student body because of their close connection with the athletic department. They will be the senior student managers from football, basketball, baseball, and track. In the past the members of SAA have not been connected with the athletic department, in many cases, until their election to junior offices the spring of their sophomore year. This elimination of politics seems desirable. In the past many students were unaware that they, by the fact that they all bought student ticket books, were members of the SAA. Never did the organization represent the student body properly. This was not a fault of the elected members. In the proposed constitution a petition by three members of the student body on a subject dealing ^ith the athletic department will be surveyed by the Council. Student representation to the athletic department thus seems more certain. We now have an opportunity to substitute an active, workable organization for an outmoded, unwieldly, political hodge-^ podge. This is a chance to substitute efficiency for inefficiency. J.H.McK.
Of 704 students at Eau Claire (Wis.) State Teachers college last semester, 302 were from Eau Claire homes.
We Are Mow Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
QUALITY
m
LWA TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
Dangerous as a Driltmg Mine! Exciting as a Sailor's Spree!
The LONG VOYAGE HOME JOHN THOMAS IAN WAYNE • MiTCHEU • HUNTER PLUS —2ND HIT!
fwe the Nerd by MIC HATCH AiWMlIlEIUOU.taNiUNDlS M.HUBBARD
T/iefaX;
. . . social fraternity, announces the re-election of Bob Hall as president, Bob Visin as vice-president, Marvin Garrett as house manager, Jim Karn as senior steward. Art Woods as junior steward, and Edwin Scharf as corresponding secretary.
The national youth administration is providing part-time work for about 450,000 boys and girls from 16 to 24 in high schools and colleges.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
COMING SOON MARS
University Sponsors Poultry Instruction In order that Indiana veteriharians may keep abreast of rapid developments in poultry di^^a^e tesearch, a ten-week school to be held under the auspices of the University veterinary science department is scheduled to begin tomorrow evening at Muncie, it was ^announced^by C. R. Bonham, University veterinarian. The school will be held on Wednesday and Friday evenings with Dr. Frank C. Tucker of Claypool in charge. Besides his lectures, the instructidnkl program Calls for discussions and clinics conducted by Dr. Donham, Dr. L. P, Doyle^ and Dr. J. Holmes Martin of the University staff. A similar course closed last week in Columbia City. The schools are being arranged at the request* of veterinarians who desire additional training and .an opportunity to study results of recent experimental work, r.r.r. Winners ... of the Speech Id-Convocation h^d last Thursday night in Fowler Hall were W. T. Peters, first, and W. M. Dempster, runner-up. They competed as twd of the five finalists who passed the preliminaries in which one representative from each of the 27"Speech 14 sections participated. The convocation was attended by 660 students. '
Classified Ads
Trpvwritera Mil sddinc Haehinw, saw and naed, far sale, rent and repaired, AH makea of portable tvpewriten, IM.TS ta $69.60. Offiee anppUM. Mimaaarraph aad mnlNcrapb work. C. 7. Ebetahoff, Mi Mala St. Bheae, S77t.
Egg
NOW SHOWING ROAR like the devil wHii
ROBERT OUMMINOS • CHARLES COBURN Ednmd Gwsao • Spri^ Bjlntton S. Z. Sskill • Wllllim Dmamt — ADDED — MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
MARCH OF TIME'S LABOR and DEFENSE
CROSBY BOB HOPE DOROTHY LAMOUR
<ro.
.flOAP
TODAY - WEDNESDAY UIMfiftTU
n> gik Colnmn
See ’(irhere the army has a neW medium tank now. It weighs a mere twenty-eight tonsr Afid mounts a 76 millimeter cannon. It is designed to liquidate panzar divisions. Specifically, in engineering pariance^ it is what is known as a conversion factor. With the general assignment. . . Of converting tanks into scrap iron. Hi ♦ a The wonderful thing! about this little iron clad monste^ is that all the driver hds to do is aim the tank at the objective, bump his head against a padded trigger mechanism, and bingo off goes the 76 with lets of noise and smoke. It has been said ihat with this device he can fire twenty rounds a minute. The only flaw in the whole setup is . . . That a sleepy head at the wheel can sure play hob with the ammunition. 1 v « v However, one of those things would be a handy little attachment to have on an automobile. Sort of as extra equipment. To relieve drowsiness. ♦ * * Nothing like the roar of a 75 in one’s ear to banish that tired feeling. m ^ t Every time we turn around these days we see another news item reporting the capture of a few dozen more assorted generals by the Nazis. Or the British. Which leads us to believe that there are more generals in Europe. Than Colonels in Kentucky. if if And gives us somewhat of a key to the Whole situa-
Tha Purdue Exponent
Kntered as seeond alaaa naattbr at the post offiaa la Lafayette, Indians, under the set of Concrees of Mareh^i, J1879, and at the ai^ial rate of poetace proridad for la section 1100, act of October S, 1917, authorised jranoary 20, 1922. Published daily excepft .Monday duriiia' the re^Ar a^demie year and weekly dtiriPsI the Stuniher SeaAioii. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per yeai', mail anb-
Bcription, $8.60.
BdKer-in-Chief. — R. W. Danahns Btninewf Manacar Merit Ha«eaaayer
Publication Staff
Hews BdlWr 3. H. McKee ifanasiftil -• ,.D. K. Siiple Associate B^itocil AT OohfltreA, J. A. PAVbeU, U W. Raffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Trangott.
Businasa Staff
Local Advertising Managers.^ D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers: Promotion MgHAgew C. P, DAhglemjUeS i Aeopnnta r, R. 3. BUidford; Circulation^ &nagAr, R. M,
Manager.
ReektePwald.
Editor..
Co-ed Staff
—Beth Simpson Associate Edftora: Mary Kay Miller, Rath Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sporta Staff ^ Editor .U. P. Dolan Associate Editors: 3. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for nationsd advertising by Matioiial Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For ifiis Issue Day Editor: Boynton IKlight ^i^orts Editor: Frazer Night Editor: Kieper Stag: O. L. Allabson, R. R. Runnion, W. E. Rafert, J. D. Smith, H. P. Stenberg, A. Chatfleld, J. Ramsdell, A. Worsley.
tion in the Balkans. From a close comparison of the number of troops reported to be active in that area. With the number of captured generals. We discover that there are entirely too few men whose rank . . . Entitles them to carry a rifle. Hi H< And makes it a very simple matter for the army ... To thfown down its arm.—dkh
Notices
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10
Fcr Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Sorviee. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Independent Men: See the Artcraft display of College Specialties, Leather Seals, Moccasins, White Leather Vests—3-5 p m opposite the Union at 421 State Shown by Mr King.
Lost: Boston Bull Screwtail, With harness three tags One No 336697 Reward. Phone 2966
Lost: Brown billfold containing passport and valuable papers Call Norm Cinder, 8421
Lost: Small navy blue pigskin zipper top Contained within a pair of shell rim glasses and a black pen Phone 313, WRH S.
— NOT TOO LATE — TO LEAhN BALLROOM DANCING ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED.,APR. 30 7:00 P. M. TO eXPERIEriCED DANCERS ENROLL IN OUR NEW Advanced Class Thur., May 1 st ’ 7:00 p. m. ALLEN’S 6th & FERRY
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY r
Riy WhHIiif • Ennett lyei Mirtki O'DihteU .and—
CHARLIE CHANS MURDER CRUISE with SIDNEY TOLER
PLUS-
'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, at 7:30 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Prank Goris for 10c. —ANDERSON
Kappa Delta Pi; Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7:46 p. m. in room 356 of the Union. Unfinished business will be completed. Election of officers will be held. Permanent record cards will be filled out. Keys will be distributed. —^NORQUEST Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation and dinner Wednesday, April 30, at 4:80 p. m. in the Union. —MONTGOMERY
Alpha Lambda Delta: See Betty Brown for tea dance tickets. Each member must sell five or donate money for same to the treasury. —BROWN.
Catalyst Club: Election of new officers Wednesday, April 30 Chem and Met Building, at 7:30 p. m. Sign up for party in Dr. Lovell’s office. -^BERGSTEDT.
A
Purdue Christiaii Foundation: Meeting of old and new cabinets Tuesday, April 29, at 126 Chauncey. Supper at 6:30. Meeting begins at 6:30. —RIGGS Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7 -30 p. m. in room 282 of the Union '■ —S'TEWART.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 29, 7:30 p. m., in loom., 306 of the Union. —BURROUGHS.
Exponent Staff; Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banauet in the Union at 6 p. m. (27-4) —DONAHUE.
-and how are his table manners ?—Does Junior still persist in reading the paper at the dinner table ?’*
iCamera Club Entrants: Prints are due at the Student Union Office not later than 5 p. m., Wednesday, April SO, 1941. —TAFPEL.
Cadri OKieers: bleetifig of all the stafts ' and staff cofiimandei-s of both Bri^dfed on Thursday, May 1, at 11 p. m., in the Armory. —MEESK.
f*rowlers who raided a bookstore at Drew university limited their loot-to several dishes of ice cream and several jiencils.
Cadet Luncheon Committee; There will be a meeting in the Armory, Wednesday, April 30, at 4 p. m. Ticket sales will be checked. —MEESE.
Tennis Tournament: Schedule is posted. First round must be played off by Tuesday, April 29. —NAPPIT. Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 4:00 in front of the Civil Engineering building All actives and pledges must attend. —SAMS
Newman Club: There will be a meeting of all members who plan to attend the Ohio Valley Convention at Ohio State University in Room 802 of the Union on Tues- ■ day, April 29, at 4:00. —LUERS
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners and Advattced Class will meet Tuesday April 29, at 7:30 sharp. ' -HUMPHREY Gimlet Pledges: All pledges report ,to Exponent office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 28. Attendance is compulsory.
Student Senate: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7:80 p. m. —LAYSON
Debris Freshman and Sophomore Salesmen : Meeting in Debris office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 29. Bring sales tooks and money. —LANCET.
Women students at Louisiana State university led the men in scholastic average for the first semester by .166 grade points.
Nolice Hostilities between the freshmen and the varsity reserves will be continned this afternoon at the varsity field starting at 4 o’clock. Walt Leifheit, one of the varsity’s slab aces, will remain at home to hurl for the reserves.
P-Men: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wetaesdhy, April 80, in roon< 286 of the Union. SAA officers; varsity yell leaders, varsity managers and major dnd minor letteTmen please attend. —COMEiS. Marriage Course; Both sections meet at 7180 p. m. Wednesday, April 80, (n the Union. \ —WILKENING.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting Tuesday, April 30, at 4 p.' ra. —ARVIDSON
Zouaves: All members interested in participating in the “Open House’’ program, report to the Armory at 4:80 p. m. on Tuesday, April 29. —GIBSON. All Studepts: Planning to attend the summer session of the University should get an application at the Admission office. (6-2) —DAMMON.
AD^^S; Regular mfeeting df the executive board al; ViOO p. m. Wednesday, April 80, in the AWS office. —MeCOLLOUGH. Silver Mask: Actives and pjedffes, formal initiation Wednesday, April 80, at 6:80 p. m. m room 382 of tiie Union. Banquet following. ’All men be present -WEGENER. ScabbaVd and Blade: Actives and pledges, foimal initiation will BO held in the Armory at 6 p. m. Tuesday, April 29. Wear formal uniform. —GIBSON.
It)''4
[it ^ j. A"’ I
/•V^ <V rf^ *^f-^t^t
4.
r
i-*“
f» -ft
Tv;?^
fijU/uiUA,']^}tpMAltt
‘fuesdcty, April 2d, 1341
-I J 'v ^ J V / . " i- " j •* f, ijM,ifik
(piUfiL i-SpuBtdJL
Butler Nine Plays Host To Boilermakers Today
Gs/i Week Pioghm Feature$ Tennis Squad Downs lllusiois Pdur kiyet^r^Squads In Action Illinois Normal Team
By Joseph Patrick Dolan (Sunday Night, Des Moines, Iowa)—^Yesterday and the day before, there was a track and field meet featuring the relay race. This meet was the Drake Relays, without a doubt the greatest, along with the Penn and California meets, production of human endurance and brains assembled at any one place during the season. Since this was to be our last big assignment as sports editor of this paper we just couldn't miss it, and thanks to Coach Phillips and his Purdue team, we received our “PhD” in intercollegiate relations. ** —I-I— Thfe first lad we rhet at the relays was (in our opinion) the best track man in the states today. His name Billy Brown, Louisiana State. Billy does the century in 9.4; he’s broad jumped 26 feet 11 inches, and was a member of the '36 Olympic team at the age of 16 as the hop, step, and jump king. -I-I™ Again, as at the Butler relays, we got a whale of a kick out of the colored boys from Parrie View College, Teitas. One of the negros possessed the prize collegiate pants, a pair of jeans featuring 162 different pieces from that many different colored suits. He told us that he didn’t expect this biblical shepherd, Joseph, the fellow with the cloak of many colors, to outdo his spectrum. —I-I— The most thrilling race of the two-day affair was the two mile relay, w6n by Drake, second by Michigan. Drake’s great anchor man Lowell Baal beat Michigan’s spectacular runner. Breidenbach, by maybe an inch. All 14,600 persons were on their feet as the two fairly fought the last 200 yards. At the tape, Breidenbach fell exhausted, while Baal had to be assisted in breathing for about three minutes. —I-I— We saw a Greek god, too; or a facsimile< His name is A1 Blozis, standing over 6-6, and weighing more than 245. We sat on the edge of his hotel bed and talked to this giant from Georgetown after he’d set a new meet mark in the discus at 161,feet 5 inches. Torrance’s record of 66 feet in the shot was what the big boy w^s after, and he has done 68 this season. But all big A1 could do in the‘shot was 63 feet 4 inches; at first he told members of the big newspapers that he wasn’t getting his fingers and arms into it, but with the assistance of Purdue’s shot putter, Jake Weber, we managed to wring from the disappointed Blozis that he was tired of the whole thing, he was going stale (if there is such a term) according to him, and he wanted a rest. * —l-I— He ^^a8 tired of going up to New Yo^k to thf^ an iron ball; he was tired of going to Tampa to throw an iron ball, ke was tired of going to Iowa to throw the iron ball, he was tired of having people look at him and downright choke with- ad-
Gala Week visitors descending upon the campus, this coming week-end, will find an athletic program on tap for them that is bound to satisfy all tastes. Starting as early as Thursday, Riveter squads will attract a multitude of visiting teams that will keep pouring in until Saturday. The baseball, golf, tennis, and football teams will all see ^action at least once.
Hoosiers Pay A Visit
Heading the program, far as student interest is concerned, is the two game series that will pit the Riveter baseball team against a visiting aggregation from Indiana. Coach Dutch Fehring is expecting a bitterly contested set of games because of the Hoosier’s fearsome .667 average in the conference games they have played this year. The Bloomington boys split with Illinois, took a pair from Minnesota and divided with Iowa, while the Boilermakers were splitting their only conference starts, the series against Illinois, last Friday
and Saturday.
Coach Larry LaBree’s tennis team will be the busiest squad of the week, facing three engagements. The Riveter netmen -will hit the road Wednesday for a match with Indiana State Teachers, and will return home for contests -with Butler on Friday and Ball State on Saturday. LaBree’s squad starts their busy week with an unblemished record, for in their single match, played last Saturday, the Riveters handed Illinois a wide-
margined defeat. More Invaders
While the baseball and tennis teams are busying themselves on campus acreage, the golf and track teams will move to off-campus locations. Coach Harry Allspaw’s golfers will be just out of sight as they meet a challenge from Ohio State’s invading squad at the West Lafayette Country Club. The singles and doubles matches will occupy the entire morning and afternoon hours of Friday. The track team will take itself entirely out of the picture as.it travels to Columbus, Ohio, for a triangular meet with Ohio State and Indiana. To complete the week-end’s calendar of sports, the football team -will offer Gala Week visitors the privilege of watching a regulation inter-squad game in Ross-Ade Stadium on Saturday afternoon at 2
o’clock.
Glider Club To Hold Open Session Today Motion pictured taken by members of the Glider Club will be shown to the general public at their first open meeting of the current semester tonight in room 303 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. These pictures were taken at Frankfort, Mich., during the club’s spring vacation
trip there.
Sunday afternoon Stan Corcoran, veteran soaring ace, and James Smiley, president of the Frankfort Sailplane Corporation, arrived at the airport after a hundred and thirty-mile motorless flight from Joliet, Illinois. Mr. Corcoran will be the guest speaker at the annual University Aviation Banquet at
the end of May. a.r.w.
miration of his muckles. Laddie, he
was fatigued.
, -I-I-Our real heroes were those Seven men who ran the 440 yard high hurdles, the race that had physicians and quacks wondering if these runners eat jumpin’ beans to get over those last hurdles. Bob Wente and Dave Rankin finished in the money in that grind, and both were ready for the morgue.
—I-I—
Purdue’s Bob Wente must have filled his lane with powered lightening, because he wasn’t supposed to be in the same class as the rest, but Bob would have won that race had he been able to take the last hurdle in good stride, as it was he lost by a mere four yards, Rankin was
seven yards out of first,
—I-I—
Louisiana’s Jumonville had the race won but his eyes went bad just before he reached the last hurdle, and he completely stopped and al- , most crashed into the fence.' Bob Wente, Purdue’s surprise package, regurgitated blood for two hours after the race, and Rankin was barely able to make the dressing room under hi^ oWn steam. That race is a heller, but the boys attested that they would like to do it again.
-1-1—
Yes, boys, there was a queen, too. Her name was Dorothy Bell, Texas U. For purely photographic purposes, Bill Stern, NBC sports announcer, kissed the pretty queen three times which was followed by the address over the public address systffm, “Dear Bill, you never did that to ^e when I was crowned champion. Signed, Joe Louis.”
_I.I_
Whew! liVhat a wepk-6nd—a little less coke, please!
5- 2 At BlooitiTngfon Bloomington, 111., April 28. — (Special to the Purdue Exponent) ■—Making it two victories in a row Larry LaBree’s tennis team defeated Illinois Nonjnal here today, 6- 2, in an abbreviated match. Bob Greene led the Normal squad with a win in the number one singles match and paired with McLaughlin to outpoint the Boilermaker duo of Captain Bob Anderson and Ray Lucht, 6-2, 9-7. Gus And Dick Dick Stettner and Gus , Armstrong were shining stars for the LaBree netters. Both won their singles matches without much difficulty and later confined in the doubles play to subm^ge R. Greene and Krueger, 6-2 and 7-5. Number two Riveter Ray Lucht staged a repetition of his Saturday play against Illinois U. netter Frank Saikley with a closely waged battle before he humbled McLaughlin. Ray dropped the first set, 6-7, but came back in strong fashion to beat out the Normal lad with scores of 6-4 and 7-6. The affair was cut short because the Gold and Black only carried a five man traveling sqtiad. Since an ordinary tennis alignment usually includes six men, allowing for six singles and three doubles, the aggregate score of both teams amounts to nine points. This matcni therefore, only totaled seven points. While fhb match was played under almosb ideal weather conditions the footing of the Bloomington clay courts was not on a par with the Riveter’s own playing spaces. The visiting team was a trifle below the form they showed on Saturday. Today marked the second time in three days that teams from the adjoming^tate had fallen before the onslaught of the LaBreecoached boys. The Riveters displayed excellent tennis against Illinois. Sing^les B Greene (IN) defeated Anderson (P) 6-2, 4-6, 6-4. Lucht (P) defeated McLaughlin (IN) 6-7. 6-4, 7-6 Stettner (P) defeated K. Greene (IN) 6-4, 6-0 Aimstrong (P) defeated Brummet (IN) 6-4, 6-1. Richards (P) defeated Bernelli (IN) 6-1, ■ 6-2. Doubles B. Greene and McLaughlin (IN) defeated Lucht and Anderson (P) 6-2,, 9-7. Stettner and Armstrong (P) defeated R Greene and Kruger (IN) 6-2, 7-6
Student-council at Fairmdnt (W. Va.) State Teachers college is sponsoring a swing band_.
“RES!r ASSURED” at HOtEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer . Airconditioned
FdvxHh and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Diredtory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
^ fr Main Sts.
Phone’5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTrST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBA^H jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. Nays Jewelry Co. jFine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE .
• Tailor
SparreiidUlil Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOP'COAT $30 and up
# School Suppli^ DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOR 3c PER DAY - lOc MINIMU/
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver Sperb Hardware Quality Mds6.—^Right Pd^ss-
822 Main St.
Phono 2777
le« «ri<l edit ■ 'I .Ar 11 SCORED — SIZED, ICE QUBED LAFAYETTE IGE & COAL CO. l>hone5dl/^
Emmert Tries For Fifth Victory; Doherty Moved To Third Base Enjoying a slight respite from the Big Ten wars, the Riveters take on the Bulldogs of Butler this afternoon at Indianapolis, competition which may prove to be just as fierce as the Conference brand. In regular season play, the Boilermakers have yet to drop a non-Conference tilt. Two games were lost on the southern trip and the home opener with Notre Dame ended in a 3-3 deadlock.
Bmmert Will Hurl Johnny Emmert, senior righthander, has been nominated to start on the mound for the invaders, with Ernie Young behind the plate. Emmert will be seeking his fifth ■victory of the season. Coach Dutch Fehring has indicated that the line-up will be nearly the same as the one which operated at Illinois over the week-end. In an effort to increase the team’s punch, George Doherty has been
Intramural Sports
Tuesday, April 29 Diamond 1 Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu 2 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 3 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 4 Phi Kappa Vs. Tau E^appa Epsilon 6 Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 6 Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Chi Rho 7 Triangle vs Phi Delta Theta. 8 Tau Epsilon fhi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda. 9 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Kappa Psi. 10 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Kappa Sigma
TENNIS Tuesday, April 29 Singles—4.16 p. m. Triangle vs Tau Epsilon Phi Sigma Nu vs Phi Sigma Kappa Delta Up6ilon vs. Alpha Chi l^o. Acacia vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Doubles—4:16 Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi. Theta Xi vs PKi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Tau Omega Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Chi. Delta Chi vs Sigma Nu or Triangle.
Botany students at South Dakota State college will attend summer camp in the Black Hills.
Hear PAULA KELLY with America’s No. 1 Dance Band Leader GLENN MILLER
f J
drafted from the outfield to work at third base. How They Line Up The rest of the infield will be made up of Harry McFerren at second, Walt Cook at short and Don Blanken at first. John Janisch, Mike Byelene aind Bill Carson will patrol the outer gardens. Fehring credits Blanken’s term at first base in Friday’s game as being the factor which enabled the supposedly-crippled star to "Work the Saturday game in such fine style. When the team left Thursday Don was expected to see little action against Illinois, but the Friday workout loosened him up so much that he was started the next dayT McFerren Tops Averages released yesterday, including all games, show that McFerren is still the team!8 leading, hitter with a mark of .462. Walt Leifheit is hitting .538, but has appeared in less than half of the team’s games. Doherty is also hammering the ball at a healthy clip, his average being .389. Janisch is just over the .300 mark, while Byelene and Waterhouse are flirting with this charmed figure, e.c.y.
4
^ 4.-f ,f f
fia^ - ^amhoL
i Tuesday, April 29, 1941
pWudwL £xpofumL
'%t
r, '4' i > x
Joe Reichman McLean To Address
To Spend Busy Week End Here B> Maftina MacDonough Joe Reichman, who brings his orchestra to the campus for the Gala Week dance Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock in both Union ballrooms, will be amply “covered” prior to the dance.* WBAA will play his recoi’ds at 12:30 o’clock Saturday afternoon dui'ing the “Meet the Band”' program, and Joe Reichman himself, will be interviewed over the radio station at 2:15 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Pre-Dance Appearances Saturday evening, still making pre-dance appearances, Joe and his lads will provide dinner music during the Founders’ Day Banquet in the Union ballrooms. Then, finally, Reichman will wind up his appearances for this stay on campus Saturday night in what promises to be one of the bigger and better dapces of this year. Played At Essex House Reichman’s band was brought into the Essex House in New York City last November foi a straight four-weeks run and was so successful that it was held over for twelve more weeks. Following this sixteen-week run the band was booked in succession at the Loew’s State Theater in New York City, the State-Lake Theatre in Chicago, the Orpheum Theater in Minneapolis, the Coronado Theater in Rockford, 111., and then the Netherland-Plaza Hotel in Cincinnati, where it closes its run today. Wesley Foundation Holds May Breakfast On Sunday On Sunday morning. May 4, at 8:30 the Wesley Foundation will hold its Annual May Breakfast. The speaker will be Mrs. R. L. Holden of West Lafayette; she is using the subject: “You and Your Sense of Values.” Cornelia Caldwell is to be the toast-mistress. Dorothy Holden, the president of the co-ed class, is in charge of arrangements. Honor guests will include Methodist coeds of the University’s senior class and also the Methodist senior girls of West Lafayette High School, p.s. (
Coed Banquet Today May Day banquet given annually by the Virginia C. Meredith club and Omicron Nu will be held this evening at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics building cafeteria. Beth Bailey McLean, one of the Swift & Company “Martha Logans” will be the speaker of the evening. The program will include the presentation of a medal by the Omicron Nu to the outstanding freshman Home Economics student. Old and new members of both clubs will stand and be recognized during the evening. Virginia C. Meredith Club will install officers which include: Jane Blank, president; Betty Brown, vice-president; Mabel Vaughan, secretary; Sally Beal, treasurer; Marjorie Williamson and Mary Baily, senior representatives; Doris Bower and Jean Ann Burkholder, junior representatives; and Elizabeth Baughman, sophomore representative. Tickets are now on sale for 50 cents at the residence halls, sorority houses, and at the Home Economics building, j.r. Gala Week Schedule (Continued from page 1)
o’clock Friday afternoon on the Intramural Field. Saturday afternoon is another busy time. The Founder’s Day 72gun salute will be fired at 2 p. m., and the class of 1916 will place a wreath on John Purdue’s grave. The traditional class parade will foim afterward in the Ova( and march to Ross-Ade Stadium, where a special review of the University’s Military Band will precede a varsity frosh football battle, at which the alumni watch award to the outstanding freshman footballer will be made. Aeromodelers are conducting their third annual outdoor contest at a field north of townTiom 9 a. m. till 6 p. m. Sunday. Di. Hu Shih, Chinese ambassador to the United States, will speak at the Baccalaureate sei vices at 2:30 p. m. Sunday afternoon in the Hall of Music. Mike Murphy, stunt flyer, will demonstrate “What shouldn’t be done with an airplane” at the airport; the band will play a concert in the Hall of Music, at 4 o’clock, and Gala Week for 1941 will be over.
Kirkpatrick Reports Germans May Offer Peace Plan In June By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL EADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc London, April 28.—A comprehensive peace offer will be made by Germany to the United States by the end of June, it is believed here. Such a move is contingent on the successful fruition of the German plans for the conduct of the war during the next two months. By occupying the Greek islands off Turkey and the,- Dodecanese Islands, the "Germans exp%ct to be able to take Turkey without fighting, and to proceed southward through Syria- and Palestine to the Suez Canal. There they expect to meet their mechanized divisions that aie now in western Egypt. The Germans say that they now have units of their navy in the Mediterranean. Whether this is true or not, observers in Morocco and Tunisia report that German reinforcements for Libya continue to stream across the Mediterranean while the Italian fleet acts as a decoy for the British fleet. Morrocco in Nazi Control The Germans are nowin such effective contiol of Morocco and all French North African territory that it IS impossible foi any British subject to gain admission to that region, and exceedingly difficult for Amei leans, as well. / Within two months the Germans expect to have opened a campaign for the seizure of Gibraltar and to have obtained effective control of the Mediterranean. Investure of Spain IS regaided by best informed people to be a matter o| weeks and the drive for Gibraltai is expected to develop from Algeciras and Ceuta, where the number of Germans has been increasing daily. While the British have always insisted that they would never give up Gibraltar^ and would fight effectively to retain it, it should be recalled that, during the Spanish wai, vaiious naval writeis here advocated assistance to the Spanish Republicans for fear of the Germans gaining a foothold on the Spanish headlands. Should such happen, they wrote, Gibraltar would become untenable. The fortress rock could undoubtedly be held but its harboi, dominated by Al-
Lot’s doing this we^k. That new merchandise is all out by now—^just*waiting for your next shopping trip. Very timely are the colorful and comfortable 1941 sports clothes that dot every store window and counter. There’s lots more, too, for you to look at in the shpps this week.
For leisure-time reading, you’ll want a book from Southworth’s large stock of novels. Right off the press are “Flotsam” by Remarque (he’s the author of “All’s Quiet on the Western Front”) and “Blood, Sweat, and Tears” by Winston Churchill . . . telling of his policy towards the axis powers. And, just in time for Gala Week, Southworth's is featuring a humaninterest book that tells the story
Mary Ellen Chase Speaks At Banquet This Thursday Awards for student literary achievement will be presented at the annual Literary banquet to be held at 6 o’clock Thursday evening in the South ballroom of the Union. Dr. (Mary Ellen Chase, widely known authoress, lecturer, editor, and professor of English at Smith College, will be the principal speaker, and President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster. Tickets for the banquet are now on sale at Deckel’s, Deac’s, Southworths, the Union desk and the English office, j.i.
geciras, would certainly be a most unhealthy spot. Expect Fall of Gibraltar The Germans,^therefore, are said to anticipate the fall bf Gibraltar and the complete control of the Mediterranean within a few months. It would then be that they would make a formal “peace offer” to the United States, representing once again American disinterest in Britain and pointing out that control of Europe and North Africa would dictate American acceptance of economic collaboration with the German Empire.
Great News!! You can STILL buy a Debris —But DonH Wait— only 173 Copies Left
SENIORS Every Senior should afford to himself a 1941 DEBRIS to take fond rememberances of old Purdue with him after graduation. Don’t be one to say, “Ah, it doesn’t mean a thing,” and in after years wish different. Buy yours now before another day passes.
FRESHMEN Freshmen especially should have a DEBRIS to commemorate their first year at Purdue. Use it as a file for pictures and names of all friends; use it to show the kids at home what good stuff old Purdue has to offer. Don’t wait until too late—^Buy Now!!
n9i OubhiA, mi
Buy Now $5.00
of a college class, twenty years after graduation. It’s titled “The Gang’s All Here.” S-T-S Compacts make ideal gifts, and you’ll find many to choose from at Lodde’s. Gold . . . silver . . . enameled .. . leather . . . square;, or round, to suit every taste and fancy. One of these gold compacts at Lodde’s has a dainty little watch on its cover. And, don’t overlook the matching compact and cigarette case made of saddle leather. S-T-S Crisp, cool rayon jersey dresses are practical and smart for summer wear. The dashing floral prints and colorful plain shades at the Palais Royal are eyecatchers, indeed! Dressy or tailored—Palais Royal has just the ones you want. Not too expensive, either. S-T-S-Lace ruffled blouses—nothing is more completely feminine than these. At Alan’s you will find both white and natural lace, with rows and rows of ruffles, made into the daintiest blouses you’ve ever seen. A round collar, frilled jabot.
Personnel Notes (Women’s Placement) Mr. Sheppard of the Internatio^Business Machines will be on campus Wednesday, May 7, to interview senioi women interested in systems seivice. Call 2955 for appointments.
Summer Jobs: Call placement service for positions as waitress at Walgreen’s in Chicago.
Th» rugged “Champion” for mon ... in Iho coioi* of nalurai yaiiow gold vrilh 15 iewel shockproof Bonrus movemenll Tho graceful “Milt Liberty” for women... in the charm apd color of nalurai yellow gold with 17|ewel Benrut shockproof movement. Two great values. 50c A WEEK
and perky glass buttons add to the charm of these blouses at Alan’s. S-T-S Attention, all you eds! Loch’s has a grenadine knit, openweave tie that’s a real find. It’s easily tied, and the wrinkles—^why they disappear in no time at all. These ties •are 100% mohair and come in wine, green, blue, and rust. A dollar buys one at Loeb’s. S-T-S Wear your heart right out on your lapel—or wear anything else —^just remember this is the season for lapel pins. And , the more unusual they are, the smarter you are in the eyes of fashion. At the Foster Shop you’ll find wooden figures, birds, dogs, etc., leather heads and peasant figures, glass, shells, and novelties of all designs made into stunning and unusual lapel pins. More dressy pins at the Foster Shop are made of gold and sterling silver —studded with simulated jewels. S-T-S Found . . . the perfect graduation gift ... a fountain pen from the University Book Store. Choose from many* styles and makes, but look particularly at the new Eversharp and Sheaffer leak-proof pens that are guaranteed no(/ to leak — even under high air-pressure. For gifts, and for your own use, see these pens at the Uriiversity Book Store. S-T-S They’re dotting the campus — these white crew hats from Deac’s. You’ll see many of these snappy little caps on the eds, but you’ll see even more on the coeds for they’re quite the fad among the girls. Right along with them at Deac’s you’ll find pre-shrunk gabardine tennis shorts. Both are inexpensive and— sensible! S-T-S ' It’s time for active, outdoor sports, and I’m sure you’ll want one new play suit, at least, from The Fashion. The onepiece shorts and _ shirt outfits are trim jUj and attractive. They ^ are made up in polka dots) striped pique, and rayon flower prints. Most of them have matching skirts, too. S-T-S For your summer fun you men will need comfortable, easy-going sport shirts like the Skipper outfits at the Baltimore. Free-action styles, cool fabrics and colors, are featirred in thes outfits styled by Wilson Brothers. They’re at the Baltimore—so stop in soon. S-T-S And just one more item about those indispensable play-time clothes for the girls. At Queen City I saw some unusual slack outfits. One model that comes in both cotton, crepe, and sharkskin has a midriff top with I very full, ballerina slacks. Another striking slack ensemble at Queen City has a polka-dot, long-sleeved blouse, solid-colored ballerina slacks, with a solid, contrasting sash. The color combinations are unusual and most attractive. S-T-S After all this talk about sports clothes, now comes a little speech on'kports. If you like to bowl, why notg stop in at the Union/ Bowling Alleys dur-^i ing your next freej hour? If you have not ever bowled, why not try it soon. It’s not hard, and it is fun!