T
I’/ *’‘>1 l! 1 > •>
•f
' I fir '
INDEPENDENTS Should Vote In
||[ PIA Elections
EstiOilishedlSSt
xfixme4ii V Stabbed Azain
rooD For Russia Gives Problem To FDA
Volume 56, No. 97
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, January 4, 1944
Notre Dame Noses Out Boilermakers 35 To 32
Opera Stars Will Sing At Convocation Sunday
Columbia All-Star Quartet To Offer Familiar Selections On Sunday, January 9, a week earlier than originally scheduled, the Columbia All-Star quartet will appear in the Hall of Music at 3 p. m. The quartet, sixth on the convocation program, is composed of Igor Gorin, baritone; Josephine Tuminia, coloratura soprano; Helen Olheim, mezzo-soprano, and Nino Martini, tenor, and will present a full program of well known arias, duets and quartets of
operatic music.
Single admission tickets for
the general public can be purchased for $1.10 with no advance sale, while students and service men will be admitted by pai^sports and recreation cards. The
Mhsic Hall will be open at 2:30. Makes Debut in Rigoletto Nino Martini, tenor of the group,
was born in Verona, Italy, and be- the^ January, 1944, graduates
Elliott Addresses Graduates Sunday At Commencement President E. C. Elliott in address-
gan studying music at the age of 10. At 21 he made his operatic debut as the Duke in “Rigoletto.” After establishing an operatic reputation on the continent. Martini came to this country to make a series of movie musicals. Josephine Tuminia, colorature soprano, was born in St. Louis, Mo., and moved to San Francisco when she was 12. She made her debut after three years’ training in 1935 with the San Francisco opera company. After training abroad, she whs signed by the Metropolitan Opera Company. Gorin Trains at Vienna Igor Gorin, baintone, was born in the Russian Ukraine and spent his
he said he used this word to describe the capacity to recognize things as they i-eally are—to be “rumor proof and gossip resistant.” In the world at peace afterwards, he further explained, there will be a need of an education for those coming back from the battle fronts with a “minimum of foolishness and
waste.”
In closing, the piesident bid good-
Vienna, he was the leading baritone of the Czechoslovakia State Opera for several years prior to his arrival in America, where he ma^de his de-
but in the Hollywood Bowl. Helen Olheim, mezzosoprano, was
born in Buffalo, N. Y., and intended to become a concert pianist until she was 16, when she began studying singing. She made her concert debut in New York in 1934 and was
signed by the Metropolitan in 1935. bye to the newly graduated who will
take their places im the ranks of those now fighting the war with these words: “We bid all of you well in the tasks that delight toughminded and stout-heai'ted men and
women.”
The commencement exercises included, besides the message by Dr. Elliott, three numbers by the symphonic band under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, and two numbers sung by the University choir led by A1 Stewart.
Alpha
Zeta To Hold
Speech Competition Saturday In Ag Hall Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, will sponsor a speech contest at 6:30 p. m. Sunday in Ag Hall, Wally Pope, chairman of the speech committee, announced today. The contest is open to anyone who will speak on a topic of interest to agriculturists and all Alpha Zeta
pledges will participate.
This contest is an elimination. Six speakers will be chosen to compete for the three prizes, which will be awarded at a later date. Each speech will be about ten minutes long. Judges for the contest have not been announced, but there will be foul’. Prizes will be Alpha Zeta cups and keys, engraved with the
winner’s name.
Martin Will Speak At AAUP Meeting Professor J. H. Martin, head of the department of poultry husbandry, will speak at an open dinner meeting of the University chapter of the American Association of University Professors at 6:15 this evening in the Home Economics cafe-
teria.
Martin’s topic will be “What Are the Democratic Perogatives, and Responsibilities of the Faculty?” Dr. Allan A. Smith ... of the division of education and applied psychology has written an article entitled “Character Building” which appeared in the December issue of the General Federation Clubwoman, the official magazine of the General Federation of Women’s Club of the United States,
President Elliott Welcomes Ninety Freshmen At Informal Reception At an informal reception for the approximately ninety new intra-session freshmen held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union yesterday afternoon, President E. C. Elliott gave a welcoming address to the incoming students. The reception took the place of the usual session of introductions and speeches ordinarily held in Fowler Hall before the orientation examinations. The heads and deans of several departments and schools of
Sunday opened by remarking about the unusualness of a graduation exercise in these absorbing times, but the willingness of the University to provide this ceremonial when the
seniors Requested it.
Continuing, Dr. Elliott informed the new graduates that their final lesson, as is the custom, included in printed form with the diploma, was the same message that was given to the last summer’s class. He^plained that time had not permitted his preparing a new and uncommonplace final message. In addition to the pi’inted lesson Dr. Elliott in searching for an allconsuming word to leave with the class, found “tough-minded” to be
childhood in Austria. Trained at the most appropriate. Explaining,
President E. C. Elliott with Lt. Comm. Dorothy L. Stratton, commanding officer and Lt. Comm. Helen Schleman, executive officer of the SPARS as they reviewed a formation of the group in Washington recently. Commander Stratton was formerly Dean of Women at the University and Commander Schleman was manager of WRH. Engineer To Sponsor PIA Will Hold New Film On X-Rays Second Date Tomorrow At 7:30 Dance Friday
Beekeepers To Hear Grad John M. Amos, 1932 graduate of the University, will return to his alma mater as the principal speaker on the beekeepers’ piogram at the annual agricultural conference next Tuesday. Amos for several years woiked as re.search entomologist at the University of Delaware, where he gave much of his time to work in beekeeping; for the past year he has devoted his entire time to this field. Other speakers at the University meeting will include James C. Starkey, chief apiary inspector of Indiana, and Lois Oberhelman and B. Elwood Montgomery of the University staff. H. J. Link of Lapoite, president of the State Beekeepers’ Association, will preside at the opening session. Emrick Says Symphonic Band Needs Members University Symphonic Band desires more members. Prof. Paul S. Emrick, director, has announced. Newly enrolled freshmen are urged to contact the band headquarters in the rear of the Music Hall any day at 4 p. m. The band is composed of navy and civilian students and is scheduled for local concerts, bond drives and out-of-town engagements.
Tomorrow night at 7:30 two movies, sponsored by the Engineer, will be shown in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineeiing Building. The movies include a 40-minute film, “Exploring with X-Rays; the life story of X-rays, from their discovery, less than half a century ago, to devedopments announced only re-
cently.”
Other movies include: “Cui’ves of Color”; “The World’s Largest Workshop,” a trip through several of the major factories of the General Electric Company, and “A Mod^tn Zeus,” a film showing the scientific study of lightning climaxed by a demonstration with artificial lightning produced by General Electric’s 10,000,000 volt lightning gen-
erator.
As an added attraction five subscriptions of the Purdue Engineer will be given to lucky peisons attending the show.
PIA will hold its second date dance Friday night from 7:30 to 10 p. m. in the faculty lounges. There will be recorded music and admission is free to PIA members. Nonmembers will be charged a fee of 25
cents per couple.
The date dances were brought about as an answer to the students’ desires for some form of entertainment on Friday evenings, especially for service men who are restricted to the campus due to short hours. Whole-hearted support of these dances by independent students is urged to insure their remaining as a regular Friday night activity. PIA plans to hold these dances weekly except when there are name bands or basketball games scheduled.
Nofice
Ad stair meeting Thursday, January 6, at 4 p. m. Be there. —GAUNT.
University were introduce^n an effort to acijuaint the fi^hmen with the University and its officials.' F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Mean, had charge of the reception. Arthur Fairman, a student of the University, played the piano for the group. Refreshments were served. ASCE Will Show Two Color Films At Meeting Tonight The monthly meeting of the University chapter of American Society of Civil Engineers will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. All interested in civil engineering are invited to attend. Two sound-color films will be shown. The first film, “The Pennsylvania Turnpike,” shows the construction, methods and procedure in the building of this highway. It deals with the comfileted woi’k and also the general activity. The second film, entitled “LowCost Soil-Cement Roads,” illustrates construction of landing mats and runways at two military bases in this counti’y. It also describes construction operations and briefly outlines methods of field tests. Purduettes Will Give Program At Wabash Purduettes will go to Wabash College Monday to entertain V-12s stationed there in a program of popular songs to bo held in the chapel at 10 a. m. Five soloists will be featured on the program, Betty Wedge, Ruth Ralston, Wilma Jean Palmer, Muriel Hooper and Jean Crane; Doi’othy Martin, accompanist for the group, will play and sing. Group singing will be directed by A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations, and the program will close with the Purduettes singing.
Second Half Rally Aids Irish Victory By Russ Lipes, Exponent Sports Editor In a thtill-packed, hard-fought basketball game in the Fieldhouse last night, Notre’s Dame fighting Irish downed the Boilermakers 35 to 32. This was the fourth setback in six starts for the Boilermakers. Though they dominated the backboard as well as the offensive attack, the Irish were hard pressed at all times in their victroy, and it wasn’t until well ^1 lfri\ second half that the New V-5 Recruiting mg a 26 to 19 half-time lea,d DifSwA Inl^AKtrSAiifr Riveters. During that DllVV llllvlViews second half the Riveters were limited to a total of three basketi Begin At University Charlie Haag and Paul Hoffman were outstanding for the BoilerAt the present time only 15 stu- makers, Haag with his deadly eye dents have signed up for interviews and Hoffman with his all around with representatives of the navy for fight and defensive work. Leo Klier V-5 training, declared W. E. Vogler, was the key man in the Irish attack^ head of the personnel service, yes- scoring a total of 16 points to ruji terday. It must be emphasized, he off with the evening’s scoring honsaid, that all students who were not ors. Haag was high man for the accepted for V-12 training are elig- Riveters with 11 points, all scored ible for the interviews. in the first half. A large number of interviews was Notre Dame’s Height Tells expected because of the numerous Notre Dame’s height was decidrejects given at the time interviews edly to their advantage, enabling were held for V-12. Many of those them to control the backboard. The rejections occurred because existing Boilermakers, though displaying an quotas were filled, but these same aggressive spirit on defense, failed men may re-apply for V-5 training in the punch on offense, being forced and be reasonably sure of being ac- to take most of their shots from out
cepted.
Vogler stressed the fact that all men interested should sign up for interviews in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, January 6. The Navy Flight Board will conduct interviews and examinations Thursday and Friday, January 6 and 7. Cadets must pass a flight phys-
on the floor.
Irish Score First Notre Dame tallied first when Klier sank a free throw as a result of a foul by Horn. Haag opened the scoring for the Riveters on a free throw following Todorovich’s foul. Layden sank a push shot followwed by counters by Friend,
ical examination given by a naval Haag and McPherson. A field goal flight examiner, be mentally, moral- and a free throw by Klier tied the ly and psychologically qualified for score at 8 all, broken when Haag ti-aining as an aviation cadet, have made good a free toss, written consent of parent or guard- Klier tallied twice from under the ian to enlist, and pass a prescribed basket and Haag sank a one-hander mental test. from the side. MePhersdn sank two For further information, students throws to put the Boilermakers interested should call the Personnel to 12. Hoffman scored
twice, followed by a field goal for
the Irish by Rutledge.
Haag sank a double free throw and Klier sank a one-hander from the side. Horn scored on a lay-up and Haag scored on a long pass down the floor that bounced off thp legs of two Notre Dame men. Todorovich came in from the side to tally and Horn tossed in two free ones, making the score 25 to 19 at
I More than 90 persons, including tlie end of the half, three young women, I’egistered Second Half '
Office, Executive Building.
Over 90 Enroll
In Ag Eight Week Course
Symphonic Band Presents Tlying Fortress March^
By A1 Tavenor One of the features of Sunday afternoon’s commencement exeicises was the 75-piece Univeisity Symphonic Band’s presentation of “Flying Foitiess March,” written last winter by Piqf. Paul “Spotts” Emiick, diiector of the band, and dedicated to the pilots and ground crews of the United States Army All Corps. The Stirling march was written a year ago by Pi of. Emrick during a Christmas holiday visit to Washingtonr D. C., on the desk of Major General Fied Anderson, who recently led successful air bombardments of Hamburg and Berlin. Maneuvers Provide Stimulus The various operations and maneuvois witnessed at that time by Prof. Emrick prijivided the stimulus for the composition. Following the intioduction of the maich, the fiist strain, representing the pilot’s march, is played by the trombones.
Superimposed upon this is a simple melody by the cornets, and over all IS a running vaiiation played by the clarinets and piccoloes. The second strain is representative of a number of planes darting thiough the an on maneuvers. A peaceful melody is introduced in the trio upon which again is superinL posed a rapid variation representative of the swift movement of the huge flying foiti esses. Portrays Forlresse.s The inteilude to the march portiays the fortresses in combat. You can hear the whistle of bombs and the explosions as they hit their tagets. The last strain is a recapitulation signifying a successful bombardment as the planes letuin victoriously to their Ibases. Sunday’s performance was one of the few times that the march has been included in the University band’s piogiams. “Flying Fort-
ress” was first played at a musical convocation in the Hall of Music last spring, at which time it was met with great enthusiasm by the student body. A bond drive at Jefferson High School noted the second performance, and it was again played by request at commencement'
exercises last summer. Composing New March
Other famous marches by Prof. Emrick include the “Greater Purdue March” and the “Indiana State Guard March,” both of which weie featured by the noteworthy John Philip Sousa Band. “Greater Purdue March,” written in 1923 and dedicated to the University, was acclaimed ' as one of the greatest marches ever written, and was included in the World Famous Editiqii of Marches. Prof. Emrick is currently composing a new march which will soon be ready for pres-
entation and publication.
Monday for the annual eight weeks’ course in agriculture. This number was in contrast to the 35 who enrolled for the course last year. Associate Dean V. C. Freeman recalled. Several late registrants are expected to bring the total to
about 100.
The three women in the course are Miss Mary Louise Swope, Indianapolis; Miss Sybil Henson, Hammond, and Miss Ruth Delahaut, Lebanon. The first two are enrolled in the general agricultural option and Miss Delahaut will study dairy production. The courses of study include general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production and dairy manufacture. Dolphin Pledges Baker, R. F. Bower, P. L.
Kroh, C. L.
Brogan, R. W. Friedman, W. Glasser, H. N. Gorby, E. W. Huntington, P. M.
Jones, M. N.
Kendrick, J. R. Kortjohn, A. H.
Lair, W. M.
• Nash, C. D. Nelson, P. F. Papenguth, R. P. Porter, W. E. Woolverton, H. Honorary Member: Prof. G. N. Graves
The second half was marked hy racing up and down the floor with very little shooting for either side. After a wild' start, Frazier scored on a backward pass from Hoffman. Loyd tallied for the Irish, followed by a tip-in by Todorovich. Klier sank an overhead and Kelly came through on a short dip-in. Friend swished one through from way out, making the score 31 to 27, with the
Irish trailing.
A field goal by Loyd, a tip-in by Khei, a lay-up by Loyd and a tip-in. by Todorovich quickly sent the Irish into the lead, 35 to 31. De&perate efforts by the Boilermakers to score were to no avail, with Notre Dame stalling the ball and the Riveters failing to find the range when they did get possession of it. The last score of the game was a free throw by Hoffman, and the game ended with the Irish continuing to stall the ball. Final score, 35 tp 32, the Boilermakers trailing.
Purdue (32) Horn, f Hoffman, f Cline, f McPherson, c Fiazier, c Haag, g Walley, g Elliott, g Friend, g
FG FT PF TP
0 1 1 3 0 0 2 11
2 1 0 o 0 5 0 0 0 10
1 1 0 3 2 4 3 0 2 16
4 7 0 4 2 U 0 0 4 32
Notre Dame (35) FG FT PP TP
Mudball hey there clarence how many torpedos does it take to sink one marine in a rowboat —MUDBALL
Klier, f Loyd,f Furman, f Kivisto, f Todorovich, c Smith, c Rutledge, g . Lujack, g Kelly, g
0 1 0 - 2 16
2 3 16 0 16 0 10
IS mPa^B 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 4, 1944
^Purdue Exponent combined wif-h Purdue independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business Rianasrer Nesis Editor ManoEing Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murph Mary Dilt AViIliam H Tysc Carolvn ^7lUlU liaMiiond J Srnilli Russell M Lipe
Publication Staff Edit rial Staff Associate Editors Iseli Vll ett Kith M Ford Madelyn A Grotnis IsniL 1 Ital srd i Miri,sicl \ falcdcs Jim A 1 1 n 'll! 1 I ml \ Ltli I h Ih 11 i Mi ilhi I cc Rigd Kati He i Assoente **iiorts Editors Ismo^ I \ckti nan 1 uil Cailie Williai t iibti \\ ni 1 t Wii 1 I Seriice Staff Mom B tl i C IiilI Lins Leo Eriodmai Tack Msilire ' \ Kew i ii 1 ii% Kocttiiie, Bob Baker
t Business Staff AdTcrtismB Manager C 1 Gauni, Assistant Adserlisins ManaRcr Betty Maney Circulation Manaprer R G Saiicrman Staff For This issue Mr'it FJ o Ccor s i T)si Iditii Tuesberp t its Edito l< 1 It KbUC Lditor Pagliarul Sp rts Editor P Garber Reporter I illint! Lhimsii Ltdtrti Kis nor Lewis I R tl lit Mil Li Woerrti fetrttlti Donh m Blocks Mar tin A 13 ii-ei 1 o (-rat a Robin! it. fattiubt i, fclaff PhotOf,raplicr W C Tolbcr Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay effe Indian 1 under the act ot Concress of March 8, 1879 ana at the special r itt of postage prcvided for in sectioi 1103 act E Ot 1 8 191 aiitliorired January 20 1922 Pull! bed m Tut uaj Thursday and Sati rday mornings dur int, Uit \ta \teil c rtain vatat oi ten ds Delivered dailj b\ carrier for ..1 foi a s n esUr ly mall for $1 60 for a stm stci Silsciipliins maj be obtained at the Exponent office or at the 11 st Desk of t) t Uiuoii R pr sent d for t ational a Ivertismg by National Advertis irg S I ite Ii c College Publishers Representatives 420 Madi on Ate New Yolk N Y
Attention
o\ ( 1 (t
J' <
I in I I u 1 fuutij s\iun 1 1 il
< Cjl u (1 1 111 L Ml t I liGrit.1 Ni \ \ ( 1 1 I liHii tUL llritS MU M 0) ( stifjaj t(! o I 1)1111 I 111 t \
l i c f if / I lit \ link t \ LiiiiiL o( )) 11)( 1 ( Id t ikmt, UJ1 iiid tlic
)i uitls uni 1 IH PS 111 tl idi lit w s 11 I) a k ol one ()1 ( iim 11 ai /iiiL out md il ( f Ol 1 a iiikinj-, ittliiif.
^jt f ui t (J ih( U ))|j II,, a la ii lal t ii upon his sloni 111 f Oi 1 fit (idi 111 tic 1 et d( i' a 111 t s 1 he 1' ent ajomid to ,11 tne lui it n ol liipe i ujiiliei ot eoedfe to \i teh the laiiou hjxs ol mooching that oecuis
aiM t this Idtf 1 1 ‘ilwa VC I \ (iilit hit mil,, the ('oik MCnt tiomc to bed
riit 11
qiie mSHMfiTflM L GRIN t T« u s qc«» MERRY-GO-RdUMD
9y LksfMy
'ns
ni'l ^ .diAi
AnnouiiCLDicnt has been made lecently of elections to be held lot otTices in the Puidue Independent 7' sbotiation Nominations ot candidates foi cac office have been made and it is nmv up LO the Independent students to choose then leadei In pie''iai da\^ ihc Independent students iieie locfi('ed in Ctii Hall, WRH, the SCA houses, the lesidence houses and piivate lesideiices aii'^ u'-uallj coi-'tituted about thieefiftl s of the to'^al eampus student population As a lesult the '^JA, dcuonding on lis leadeis, Mas a M&oiou , Mcll oipanized q-ioup whieh ga\e an outlet I0 independents foi aetivities, and pi01 ided rcci eaiion, both physical and social Ca’v Ilan, V\ RIT, and the SCA houses, ng the laigf’ ccntCx-, oi Independent popula tidn 11 “ip the'^L oigholds ot the basketball ■‘oams, the sofibih teams, and usually piovidt h^ mull and 11 omen inteiested enough m ccl 1 ie-3 tO 1 u 1 ioi the lanous PIA offices Then a lalhei sliilung tning happened ' ' tb.3 leasing ol fiateiniti houses to the udsen ce , tPe 1 eieentcge of Independent o 1 osc y nile liL impoi hince of the PIA ffi I ’h Ihio fall lias not entiiely due b o^iceis 111 O aigc, but may also be al ] 0 tiie fact tnat not enough publicity tir- (3T\cn to the oiganization foi the benefit ( r the nevi siudents Poi non 01 er 75 pei cent ot tl 0 students on the campus nas composed ot students ■'’ho had spent at the most, toui scPmsteis at the Unueisit> .''nn th it IS still the ^ituati n With the balloting to be held on Jai iiaiy 7, cheie aie a few dajs mteiienmg in ivhich the Exponent vn'l iiresent infoimation on PIA, the students 11 ho ai e 1 unmng toi its offices, and news of the election It IS oiu puipose, speaking now as the Independent as 11 ell as the Exponent, to encourage all Inclppendeni students and especiali ..til ice I icu to 1 ote in the election to the end that au])ie-,cntati\ e, iigoious gioup may lead the Indejicndent students ot the campus
• y DREW ^PEARSON United States Supplies Lump Sugar For Russian Army To Preserve Old Custom WASHINGTON—The question of food foi Russia has caused many a diamatic scene in the offices of the Food Distiibution Admmistiation Officials woik in complete haimony, but not always in complete undeist Hiding One thing U S officials could not understand was why the Russians wanted lump sugai A lequest came tluough fiom Moscow foi 390,000 tons of sugar, and U S officials began to hguie wheie they could get it It was quite a 10b, but hnally they decided they could fill the oidei Then they lan into the odd angle that the Soviets wanted 80 pei cent of the total to be lump 01 cube
sugai
‘ Oh, come now ’ said U S officials to Russian icplesentatives in Washington “We have lound the Biitish to be choosey now and then, with then lequests ioi poik m ceitain lorn cuts of certain weight, but this IS woise than the Biitish Why lump sugai The Russians said, “It is foi the Red Aimy ” “Yes, but isn’t gianulated sugar just as good’’’ “It IS a cable fiom Moscow,” said the Russians, and
that was that
“We 11 do what we can,” said Food Distiifaution, and piomptly sent a cable to the U S embassy m Moscow,
asking why the dickens the Russian soldiers needed —your fathei didn’t have a drop last night—^thlS New lump sugai . I K f.. „ Ti.» Year he’s lUst wearing that ice bag from force of habit ” The explanation came back by letuin cable ine °
Russians, fighting in cold weather, warm themselves bj drinking tea sei eral times a daj They take it piping hot, and they have the habit of putting a lump of sugai between then teeth, and sucking the tea through
the sugar
It s an old Russian custom, and U S officials con eluded that, if lump sugai would make the Red Aimy
fight bcttei they should have it
bfe?/ot^iSfvas buttei Soviet food the middle world again Besides this, we spent the extended c\i)citb m Washington lequested tiemendous quanti- Chiistmas vacation With the Boss brewing up hangovers to ties of buttci at a time when U S supplies weie tight get US m the mood for celebrating our return to the campus, I ood Distiibutiou tiled to pcisuade them that oleo- JIarridan’s Haunts: Whenever the Boss signs oui out-ot-maiganne was )ust as good-with high caloiic and / permits, we often head nutiitne values 1 luthcimoie could be had loi 17 / ^ , Il .
cents a pound is i,,am&t 50 cents foi buttci—and the/lor tne MUSIC
Russians ai c paj mg foi then puichases Hall because the auditorium IS * A’lwi.ca
J he Russians put then heads togethci and ex such a COZy place m which to changed a lew w Olds m Russian Then they said, “We practice chandelles, loops,
Lhml Amciicans haie a good sense ol values' ’ In othci words, if butter cost three times as much
Ju^t Looking Around
\
By Jack Abbett
Wins Award
For ME Freshmen
01044 Chicago Times Inc.
No matter how much many Americans hate Communism, the majority of these Red haters—one notable exception is the Chicago Tribune—are applauding the steady advance of the BWS“ Sian armies Two years ago it looked to the world as if the Russians had lust about died before the whirlwind advance of Hitler’s troops But Russia just smiled at the rest of the world and kept on fighting; sfie Gray Wins Award “ "“If • courage alone that Hitler be-
gan to change his commands to find out if the fault was on
Robert Giay, appi entice seaman si(je of the line. It wasn’t. in the y-12 progiam, has won the Russian factories fi-eshmgn awaid given annually by Russian I^Ctories Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engmeei- finally began to fipd themselves and ing honoiaiy, to the fieshman en- tuin the Russian armies began to gineei with the highest index who weie wearing the enteis the mechanical engmeei mg Germans out The Germans fopnd school, accoiding to Hans Woimsei, same thing, but just a little secietaiy of the oiganization latei than the Russians The Nazis The awaid, which this yeai con- staged countei-attack after cOunsisted of a mechanical engineering ter^attack with little success^ When
handbook, is given for the encoui
the witches’ beat...
-fey the harridans-
a Russian soldiei would fall there was always another to take his place Geimany on the other hand began to feel the pinch of a manpower shortage on the mihtaiy and
home fronts
Russia kept up her lelentless attacks until she felt the time had come (the spimg of 1943) foi the all out attack Starting m the south, the attack spread north as the Weathei impioved and the Germans
The speaker is to be A/S Joseph a plan of attack that they never
agement of high scholarship Scouting Honorary To Meet Tomorrow Alpha Phi Omega the national
scouting service honorary, will hold in open meeting Wednesday at 7 30
p m in loom 355 of the Union
Halloo Now that we’ve decided to relax after stirring up a liiniffling good flu epidemic, we’re ready to communicate with
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
spins and lazy eights, the last Navy V 5, Chicago Piocmement
. , , , , *1 X being most to oui likmg We’ve Office, Chicago, 111—Jan G and 7 as oleo, It was three tunes as good and that was what i,,, ,^.,,ticulaily fond of the place 1944 Interested in all students be
thej wanted Ihcy got it Shipments of butter to
thus making Radio City Music Hall m Peisonnel Office by Wednesday,
the largest in the woild Jan 5
Oui chief objection to the hall is Revere Copper and Brass Co , that Al Stewart has been having ko'ue, N Y Jan 10 and 11, 1944 the chon practice the’“Lord’s Pray- lutei^sted m ME, Ch E , Met E
so frequently that it keeps us
the} wanted Ihcv got
KusMa in 1913 amounted to 85 million pounds (about tlucc pel cent ol U S production) f NO TE This IS foi the Red army Foi Russian civilians wcsuppl}laid which they spiead on black bread
IS if if wtic huttci
The Siopkiiis Dime Oyt’
Ml .xind Mis Hiiij Hopkins have left the White confused trying to dodge the base
IToubi and aie living in a liomc in Geoigetown One evening lecentlv they decided to step out foi dinner It was quite 1 come down fiom the White House Ihfv went to Mai tin s on the eoiiiei of Wisconsin Avenue and N Stieel next dooi to a garage aUd lei OSS the sLi eet fiom in lee eie im factory All soits ol people e it Ihcie fiom faxe diiveis to Oswald Gaiison \illaid and occ ision illy Speakei Sam Rayburn When the Hopkinses walked m there was no booth IV iilablc so they stood aiouiid waiting When they
ment piactice looms
J W Ditamore, inanagei of the
and EE Sign in Peisonnel Office by 3 p m Monday Jan 10 Also
ASTP and NCTP
Federal ielcphonc & Radio Corp ,
Cocliian, a giaduate of the naval electrical school in Octobei, 1942 He IS now a V 12 student aftei hav mg served on an aiiciaft caiiiei foi a year on an Atlantic convoy to Russia, Iceland, England and Africa He also participated in the Sicilian campaign*
Notice
The Selective Service Act lequires men to registei on their eighteenth biithday If this birthda> falls on Sunday or a holiday, registration should take place On the following day Christmas is the only holiday recognized by the Selective Sen ice officials Local Selectiv e Sen ice Boai d No 2 of Tippecanoe County (203) Post Office Building, Lafavette) loquests that it be noted that no exception will be made foi any student The Board Office is open ■'‘from 8 a m to 5 p m six days a vveek r C HOCK EM A, Executive Dean
believed possible an attack on a fiont ovei a thousand miles long This bungs the fiist phase of the death of the Third Reich up to date and leaves the Russians but ten miles fiom the old Polish border Russian tioops will cross the boidei into Poland by tomoiiow at the latest The question that counts now IS whethei Russia will be able to continue its advance thiough Poland to the box dels of Geimany, and if she IS able to accomplish such a feat, will Russia change any of her ideas tow aid hei previous teiiitoiial ambitions’ July ot this year will piobably supply all the answeis to these two questions and a number of otheis
barn, likes to play around wn the Newaik N J —Jan 13,1944 Inter stage with the legs, short traveler ested in L E and M E Sign in Pei and holders When he adds two fammM Office by 2 p m Jan 12 legs to a short traveler to make a Eastman Kodak Co, Rochestei, fifth, it brings back nostalgic mem- N Y—Jan 11, 1944 Interested m ones of the days when one didn’t E E , M E , Ch E , Choinistiy, Phys have to be 21 But to the unin- icists, 4 F men and women with secitiated, all these are just technical letarial tiaming Sign in Pei son-
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
ot sp ice Ihey oideicd a eoiqile of dunks (whiskey terms for the different types of cur- nel Office by 3 p m Monday, Jan 10
souis) Hid then a dinnci it $1 20 each
Hopkins opened with clam ehowdei, but Mrs H wailed loi the mam eouist, which was lamb stew She mainlamcd a lively conservation most ot the time, apparently trj ing to persuade Harry to hei waj of thinking on some mattci Haiiy didn’t seem to be im
pies‘-ed
tains Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co , AkLately the V 12eis have been ion, 0—Jan 12, 1944 Inteiested cluttering the stage with props in M E , C E , Ch E and AeE Also while they practice foi what they ASTP and NCTP Sign m Personhope will be an answer to “Khaki nel Office by 3 p m Tuesday, Jan
on the Kampus ” Which bungs to 11
mind other famous last words Not Western Electric Co , Chicago 111
Woid ot then piesenee was whispeied iiom table to ^hey’ie having any difficulties —Jan 13, 1944 Interested m M E , table, amid the whii ol the ventilator, which tried val —decOm E E , Physicists, Ch E and Met E lantlv to eaiiv the tumes outdoors One of^he^guests entire act aftei it had been Sign in Peisonnel Iffice by 3 p m
set up by an ex wiitci of builesque Wednesday, Jan 12
Thxit completes the trio with the General Electric Co, Schnectady, Playshop and Exponent censois N Y—Jan 17 and 18 Inteiested Since the New Yorker magazine ^ G and E E Sign m Personnel
so eaiefully calculated last week 0®^^ by Jan 5
ATD
$gm&
Rav
(CRASH)
Ihey’ve
The Intlleneck l!f <' ml aiui lie 11., Icing 11 impled to death m tion ol i 1 ui be) oiliatiimt} houses last Satuid iv 1 ifch 1 i (lecidfil In it this eampus is i teiiibh place to be c 1 cilhr xi \ leii s eve 01 ni,,ht He said tlk L ev 11 New Yoil ( ilv could not have had so much tl ffie cor,, i 1 Hid ( il nd down on all fouis
A lire ( II 11) w( ( oil the C oi k and I noted that tichic tiU ri \\ 1 lit aliiKs*- eveijone was down frail o ) 1 111 i 1 jw n iheeiawluv Houndonall tons ■ if.iei h ndif i]) to the Coik because he was eop t ) t'v 1 uin Ik ids will) ids and coeds going til ot! ei w tv 1 H )ti in (lie 1 venin.:: he was able to raw! tilli ugh j 11 jile li s because thej weient as tiled i 1 ( \ 111 in tl ) 11 ]) m on
Q — O
[i ('ll ui(1 1 ()\ disgusted about ten «i
fll\ 11 )(( (I OK \ Hltld to (C us All of OUI bu,d ( w u ni \\i viMi lull oi so v\e went
11 1 lid) 11)1 ui I w n su))j)l} in
tugged at a waitei’s apion strings and said, “Do you
realize who jou’re waiting on’” ‘ Oh, jeah,” said the waiter, with a shiug lUst niovgd into the neighborhood ”
Just anothei cuslomei War Surpluses
Policy makeis of the Wai Pioduetioii Boaid are still takiiio the position that theie is nothing to spare foi moi e than the bare minimum ot civilian lequiiements But w nen you talk to lower lanking officials of the in dustij level vou find them vviingmg then hands over
the pioblems ol sui pluses
This IS not true of evoiy bi inch, but it is geneial enough to indicate that Ameiiea s tremendous piodue tion machine is now piodueing moie than the war can
consume
Take the ease ol piintin„ piesses The WPB bianeh handling printing piesses is itching to tell the vvoild that they aetually see enough mateuals on hand to lesumc manufaetuie oi piesses ioi newspaper and loi
piinleis generally
They cite the ease ot one gioup ot piess buildeis who alter conveision to war production, took a eon tiact to build 1800 navv gun mounts This figuie was based on an expected battle loss ot 20 pei cent The
that thiee billion watts weie used in lighting New York City each day we can now reveal that the six dim meis m use in the hall aie capable of handling exactlV 000040000 ot that amount In case youi slide
rule isn’t a eustomaiy part ot youi visit the eampus, howevei, bieaktast equipment that means Giey aie inteiested m students foi that CiVcli dimmei can eaiiy 20 000 'Employment
National lube Co McKeespoit, Pa—Jan 12 Inteiested in M E , E E , and Met L Sign in Peisonnel Office by 3 p m Tuesday, Jan 11 These companies are not sched-
€®RRI@AII
© DIEHNIS
(AI^B^
— and — HENRY FONDA MAUREEN O'HARA — in — 'IMMORTAL SERGEANT' — ALSO — LAST CHAPTER' "THE BATMAN" — PLUS — MADCAP CARTOON
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories * Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
TODAY and TOMORROW
MICKEY ROONEY
watts Ol 110 we too optimistic in assuming that the Exponent is de
hveied be'oie bieakfast'
aTcitBAA, to the £dihA.
B I Goodiieh (to Akion 0 — Inteiested in BS, MS 01 PhD Physicists Sign in Peisonnel Ol
flee by Monday Jan 10
National Radiatui Co Tohns town Pa—Inteiested in ML, Ch E and Met L Sign m Peisonnel
Office by Monday Tan 10
editorial entitled “Should
olhei woids 1800 gun mounts was 20 pei cent 01 360 nioic than the Navy needed But battle losses have been much less than 20 per cent Ihus the Nav} begins to have a suiplus ol gun mounts, and is cutting down on orders This leaves plant eapacit} foi inanufaetunng printing presses - Fui tliermore olheials see cnougTi free steel, coppei and /me to supply the mateuals I here is no question about the demand, since newspapei and printing est iblislunents all ovci (he eountrj are crying for leplaeements But one big handicaj) is manpowei Foi this and (loln V reasons olheials at the fop arc still sitting on
the hd
(fopviiglit 1911 1} United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
Seiviee Men Vote” m the issue ot Deeembei 2b was a gieat impiovc ment ovei piovious wiitings loi two leasons Specifically the idea that seivice men should be allowed to vote is of immediate importance I’m not at tempting, to discuss the facts in volved To anyone who reads pa pels and othei souices of inloima
1 athei than wi ite di ivel about clean mg butts off the campus is teiiifie That i« the second leason that I’m wilting Keep on pushing foi things that leally mattei Theie aie so many issues that may be bi ought up which dcseivc attention that the 1 xponent could keep quite busy in the editoiial column I foi one— and I’m suie I’m not alone—^tavoi that last editoiial and if that is any indication of the future policy ol
tion the pioblem is clear Ceitam the paper I say ‘ three choeis, keep
it up
and let’s have moi e ”
Q E D, Caiy Hall
SsAvioL SiAjipM, Lt. Donaldson Hurd
Univeisity giaduate of 1939, was lecently awaid ed the Distinguished Flying Cross for leading a flight over Rome, aceoiding to woid leeeived by his mothei
Acting on a tip fiom State Highway Depaitment engineers, the Texas Museum on the Univeisity
leactionaiies in the countiy would like to keep the younger element liom voting This “younger element” has tendencies to be moie liberal and would 1 athei that the things men aie dying foi come to pass The opposition would 1 athei
keep the status quo States’ lights ol Texas campus has dug up skele and all the othei camouflage aie tal remains ot a piehistoiie ele till own in to obseuie the jnattei phant m Atascost County This But I was going to discuss the specimen, which probably stood 14 specific issue Th''* tact tjiat the feet Ijigh at the shouldei, will be
Lt Hviid IS now m a German piison camp and lepoits Exponent has come out in favoi of added to the mqseum's alieady ex that he is well and uninjuied something that is leally impoitant tensive elephant collection
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW Mirade^*
It* ,
\ ^^OltSKELTOH
f/ifr ANN
AlSOTHERN lOV't*
^RIANO
ytANOR prni/t* The Love Jin***^ Story of a private and y^i'*'**'*^ the Colonel's Daughter'
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
with EUGENE PAILETTE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD EDWARD EVERETT HORTON TONY DE AAARCO
WITH WARM JOHN POROTHY PAIfiEfi^CHAVEN MORRIS CHAWJffittMGlf-HARRY SHANNON
Li
PH(-4 ) A
m;
tn ^ ^ 3,
[Tuesday, January 4, 1944
-"*1^
pomm Pxpmssii
\.
Page B
tl ■! f X D* *T C C “ J f5oilermakers lo (Jpen D13 len beason rriday ^nferartcfe Nef Race I Grandstand Echoes I C/t/cogd, Riveters To Clash Shiows Strong Toatiis L 'In First Conference Game
v'The Big Ten basketball tace will fl^klly get under way this week end Wi;fch one of the heaviest schedules ii\ conference history. Five conferfil^ce teanas will play twice. The l^^ilermakers will open against Chicitgo on the Maroon court Friday lii^ht and then will return to meet t1|p B^oosiers here at the Fieldhouse Si^turday night. V, Illinois and Wisconsin conclude ith^eir series Friday night in Champiigp and on Saturday the Badgers are Jiaired with Northwestern. Illindis will travel to Michigan to compfete its first week of play and oneh&lf of its schedule. The series between Iowa and Minnesota completes this conference program for tliis week end. Ohio State is the only Big Ten team not scheduled for cdpference competition. The Eiveters have good prospects pf going undefeated this week end for several reasons. Number one is a smarting from their early season upsets, especially the decision handed to them at DePauw last week. Second, this is one of the easiest possible schedules, discounting the fact that Chicago recently won its first game in four seasons. And, last but not least. Ward “Piggy” Lambert will be out on the floor directing the Riveters through their twenty-seventh season. During this tihie the Boilermakers have copped six undisputed conference titles and shared five. Illinois Still Strong It seems that Illinois was prematurely discounted as a contender for this year’s conference race. The Whiz- Kids have piled up five wins W, ith but one loss. Among their victories are upsets against Great Lakes and Notre Dame. Also notable is their scoring average of 49.6 points per game. Also Walton Kirk, Illinois high sporer who pumped 17 points last week when the Illini ended Great L^kes seven-game winning streak, h^s been classified 4-F and should bp around for the rest of the season. •.Wisconsin has been strengthened irl the last two weeks by the transfer of navy V-5 students, notably
Russ Wendland, former Northwestern captain. Thus the Badger’s earlier defeat by Notre Dame must be discounted and the fact that Northwestern whipped Notre Dame does not furnish any definite indication of the victor next Saturday night. Northwestern continues to lead the pre-season guessing for 1944 honors. With little practice and led by Otto Graham, the Wildcats have won two while losing one. All in all there will be a lot of first-rate basketball played on conference courts tills week end, for in the tune-up games Big Ten teaips won a total of 30 games out of 64 starts. Margaret Sigler Wins Intramural Rifiery Tourney Results of the women’s intramural riflery tournament have just been announced. The individual winners are Margaret Sigler, with an average of 87; Jane Carlson, 86, and Shirley Eldridge, 82. The teams finished with the RCA girls having an average of 74.6, the Omnibus an average of 70.2, Phi Mu 66.8, North Hall 67.8, Delta Gamma 66.8, and the Town Girls 64.8. Girls interested in the next tournament and wishing to practice may do so in the gym Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights from 6:30 to 8:30 this week and next. Every girl with three previous practices is eligible and everyone must have three more practices to shoot in the tournament. Only one target may be shot each night. Scores of Riveters’ Opponents Over Week End Wisconsin 47, Notre Dame 46 Northwestern 64, Great Lakes 36 Great Lakes 62, Ohio State 46 Iowa 63, Denver 20 Western^Mieh. 67, Michigan 60
When it comes to EATING You can’t find more downright good food anywhere than right here in ye old cafeteria.
Tempting Salads, Savory Meats, Interesting Vegetables .all just as you like them.
JhSL fiWiduJL K TJlmuydaL UnwfL The Corner of the Campm-— Yet the Cetiter of Activities
III
I By Ray Smith
TIME TO SAY SO LONG!^
Although it does not se6m possible, we find that we are sitting before this old faithful typewriter to bang out this column for the last time. As we think back over the past four years about the teams that have represented Purdue in tfie athletic world, we realize that although they were not necessarily great teams, they always displayed the “old'Purdue spirit” and always gained'the support of the student body.
BIG TEN TITLES PLENTIFUL
In the past four years we have seen our share of conference championships brought to the campus, and have had many star performers on the teams. True, the first three seasons of football that we witnessed were quite uneventful from our standpoint, but the record that Elmer Burnham and the team made this past year more than made up for anything that we had missed previously. Each year Piggy Lambert has Ideveloped a good basketball team, and has made the Boilermakers’ presence felt throughout the Big Ten. At this time we feel that this season will be no exception and that the Riveters will- get down to business as soon as the games start to count, and that they will not be very far from the top of the list when the Conference season ends in March. TRACK TEAMS PERFORM WELL Hterm Phillips and Homer Allen have done a marvelous job with the track and cross country teams and in four years their cross country runners have won two Western Conference titles, and also gained national fame. The introduction of the Purdue Relays was a welcome bit of sports entertainment to the campus. With a showman and coach like Phillips at the helm, the Relays are certain to continue as successes. Claude Reeck has been busy with his wrestlers, making such great improvements that the sport was made a major one. Before his great squad was broken up by the armed forces, Reeck garnered a Big Ten title for the Boilermakers. His last two teams have placed high in the national standings.
GREAT SWIMMING SHOWS
We can not forget the great swimming shows that Dick Papenguth and his swimmers have produced. Non can we forget the swimming of Roy Heidke, who broke several records while swimming the breast stroke. Dutch Fehring and Pop Doan coached the baseball teams through some interesting seasons. Jim Beers, Harry Allspaw, Larry Labree and several othei’s have done a great deal to keep alive the interest in minor sports.
BEST OF LUCK TO EVERYONEi
Now that we have completed our reminiscing we would like to thank Red Mackey and his staff of coaches for the fine cooperation that we have received while working on the^Exponent. Our leaving the campus leaves the work of sports editing up to Russ Lipes and a good staff of Junior Editors. Russ has been doing a swell job and we wish him all the luck in the world for continued success. Our best wishes go to Jim Ackerman, Warren Wright, and the Garber twins, all Junior Editors, and the entire sports staff for the continued success of Purdue sports and the Exponent. With that we write the 30 to our career at Purdue.
Elroy Hirsch Joins First Volleyball Games Wolveririe Cagers Will Begin Tomorrow
Marine Eh’oy Hirsch from Wausau, Wis., Michigan’s leading scorer during the 1943 football season, may now become an important cog in Wolverine basketball plans, as Coach Benny Oosterbaan seeks to give added spark to his twice-beat-
en quintet.
Hirsch played three years of high school basketball and shows quickness and fire on the court which may win for him a place in the Wolverine regular lineup. He also wants to compete on Michigan’s indoor track team in the broad jump, since the cage season ends just as the track campaign is beginning he may be able to do both. The Wolverine cagers met Western Michigan Saturday, January 1, at Kalamazoo and will face both Northwestern and Illinois this week
end.
In Women’s Gymnasium The first of a series of volleyball games between girls’ class teams will be held tomoi’row in the Women’s Gym. These teams are composed of girls chosen from the practice games held recently. The schedule is as follows: Jan 5—Junior vs. freshman, 4 p. m.; senior vs. sophomore, 7 p. m. Jan. 6—Junior vs. sophomore, 4 p. m. Jan. 7—Freshman vs. senior, 4 p. m. Jan. 12—■ Freshman vs. sophomore, 4 p. m.;
junior vs. senior, 7 p. m.
All teams not on the floor 16 minutes after scheduled starting time will be obliged to forfeit the
game.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Papengitth Pleased With Performance Of Swimming Team Coach Dick Papenguth expressed extreme satisfaction in the progress made by the Riveter swimming team. In the intrasquad meet, witnessed by about 76 spectators last Saturday, the best times made by Boilermaker’S this year were turned in. It was just incidental that the squad was divided into two teams and that the Gold won from the Black 70 to 66. Salmon and Porter continued their respective successes in the tank. Salmon took the 60 and 100 yard free style sprints in excellent time. Porter, second in the 100 yard dash, came close to breaking a Purdue record in the 220. Finishing third and fourth in the 100 were Leach and Gorby, the latter a 16-year-old who may win a regular berth if he keeps on with his good work. Hansel was a close second to Porter in the 220 as well as turning in his fastest time to date in the 440. The backstrokers continue to finish good in bunches. Huntington and Woolverton led in the 100 and 150 yard back stroke, while three others, Kortjohn, Gumming and Nelson, finished in that order within split seconds of the leaders and each other. The breast stroke, originally expected to be a weak spot this season, is improving greatly. McMullen led Barnai’d to the finish line by one second with Lair less than a length behind. Although all events were close, one of the closest was the 150 yard medley relay, in which Salmon led his team in, three-tenths of a second ahead of Porter’s team. The two teams finished within IVz second of each other in the 200 yard relay. Bower, diver as well as swimmer, won 5 poinCs for the Gold with his skill off the board. DePauw, another school complaining because of lack of material, cancelled its meets scheduled with the Boilermakers on January 8 and 15. The swimming mentor is trying to arrange substitute meets with the Illini tankmen. If these plans do not develop, Papenguth will pit his picked varsity team against a second team whom he calls the handicappers. The finishes should be close in this meet for the more proficient regulars will start a few seconds after the handicappers. This should be an interesting meet to watch next Saturday at 3:30 in the Fieldhouse pool. Papenguth hopes to stimulate his boys for still better times in preparation for the first conference meet with Wisconsin and Noi'thwestern January 22.
Riveter Grapplers To Tangle Saturday With Northwestern
Next Friday the Boilermakers will meet the recently inspired Chicago University five in the Windy City. After a two year span of 45 consecutive defeats, the Maroons have finally broken into the victory column by defeating the little-known Chicago Technical College on New Year’s Day. 'The 65 to 27 win kn€»eked the handful of s.pectators, who didn’t even have to pay, back on their heels. A campus corre-
spondent reported:
“Chicago’s feat will rock the campus when the students return to school next week.” Since the defeat of Illinois Tech December 6,1941, the Maroons have not been successful once on
The first Big Ten competition of the court until this last game. They the new year will take place Satur- lost 20 games in the '41-42 season, day afternoon in the Fieldhouse 19 games in 1942-43, and had lost when Coach Claude Reeck’s Boiler- their first six games this winter. Almaker wrestling team meets North- though some of its opponents looked western at 3 o’clock. The meet is weaker than Chicago’s five on pathe first one of the current season per, the Maroons kept on with their for^both teams and should give Riv- consistent losing streak, setting up eter fans a representative view of a famous record, what mid-western collegiate wres- stjH ^in tling will be like this year. ^he Chicago team has still to Northwestern’s squad will be cen- defeat a Big Ten team, although it tered around three mainstays from did chalk up a win the other night, last year’s team, while as yet Reeck In Conference standings they have hasn’t selected his starting crew, lost a total of 40, straight games, a The three Wildcat veterans, Neth- record that will probably stand for ercote and the Ivy brothers, a long time. Thi^’’series of losses strengthen Northwestern in the has, been going oh Tor four seasons, 136 lb., 155 lb. and the heavyweight or since away back in 1940, when matches. Nethercote participated, the Maroons dropped four decisions as a 136 pounder last year while in a row after defeating Minnesota the Ivy brothers took part in the 35-32. The Riveters will be the first 155 lb. and heavyweight clashes. Conference foe to face the newly viThe remainder of the Northwestern tiated Chicago team when they play team will be made up of service them Friday,
men stationed at the school. In picking his team Reeck is confronted with a surplus of men in the 155 and 166 pound classes but is shoi-t men for the lighter weights. Several men on the Riveter squad have had much previous experience.
One of them. Dan Netterscheim, is hockey team is playing the stranga Boilermaker veteran. Last year est schedule of its history this winNetterscheim was runner up in the ter in that the Wolverines are not conference 136 pound championship booked to play a single other colevent. legiate team. Eight matches will comprise the Seven of the season’s eight oppo-
Michigan Hockey Team Faces Strange Schedule The University of Michigan
7:00, 8:10, 7:00,
Keep Your Battery FULLY CHARGED Make Your Old One Do!
24 Hour Service
Delco Batteries
Parts for All Needs! PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
afternoon’s program. These bouts will fall under the following weight classifications: 121 lb., 128 lb., 136 lb., 145 lb., 155 lb., 165 lb., 175 lb. and heavyweight. The general public is invited to attend the meet and no admission will be charged. IM Schedules Army Schedule January 5, 1944 Court 1—6:45, D4 vs. Dl; 7:00, A2 vs. G6; 7:65, A3 vs. A4; 8:10,
E2 vs. A5.
Coui’t 2—6:46, A6 vs. A7; 7:00, E4 vs. E5; 7:55, B1 vs. B2; 8:10,
E7 vs. B3.
Court 3—6:45, E8 vs. B4; F2 vs. E6; 7:55, B6 vs. C3;
B7 vs. C4.
Court 4—6:45, C5 vs. C6; C7 vs. G4; 7:55, G2 vs. G5. Ward and Fraternity Schedule
January 4, 1944
Court 1—7:20, Alpha Sigma Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta; 7:35, Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Upsilon; 8:30, Phi-Phi vs. Lambda-Pi; 8:45, Phi Sigma Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Court 2—7:20, Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle; 7:35, Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Chi; 8:30, Sigma Nu vs. ChiAlpha; 8:45, Tau-Sigma vs. Theta
Xi.
Court 3—7:20, Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Phi; 7:35, Tau-Pi-Phi vs. Phi Kappa Psi; 8:30, Phi Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi; 8:45, Purdue Only vs. Luma. Court 4—7:20, Warnock Manor vs. Owen; 7:35, Rockets vs. Doverettes; 8:30, Marstellar Maioons vs. Circle Pine; 8:45, Rochdale vs. Redmen. Big Ten Standings W. L. Pts. 0pp.
Iowa Illinois Minnesota Northwestern Michigan Indiana Wisconsin Purdue Ohio State Chicago
249 297 250 147 227 283 228 246 237 258
116 233 225 115 207 318 250 238 259 345
Track Schedule For '44 Feb. 5—Northwestern and Chicago, here. Feb. 12—Purdue, Northwestern, Wisconsin, at Chicago. Feb. 19—Purdue at Indiana. Feb. 25—Purdue, Indiana, at Illi-
nois.
Feb. 26—Ohio State, Indiana,
here.
Mar. 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago. Mar. 18—Tentative, Purdue Re-
lays.
Mar. 25—Tentative, Chicago Relays. ,
nents are Canadian amateur teams and the eighth is a sextet from Buffalo, N. y. All of the games are being played at Michigan and in the first the Wolverines were defeated by London, Ont., 4-1. This is Michigan’s twenty-third year in hockey competition and it is the first season in that period in which the Wolverines and Minnesota have not met. Travel conditions made it necessary to rule out this year’s renewal. In the past Illinois, Wisconsin, Marquette, Michigan Tech, Yale and several Canadian universities have appeared on Wolverin^e hockey schedules in addition to the high-geared athletic club teams from several cities in Ontario. Against the competition which must be faced this winter Wolverine chances of improving upon last year’s losing record are not particularly bright. The next game will be played January 8 against the Sarnia, Ont., team and will be followed by engagements against these opponents: January 15, Woodstock (Ont.) Army Post; Jasuary 22, Fingal (Ont.) Air Force Post; January 29, Buffalo; February 5, Paris (Ont.); Feb. 12, St. Thomas (Ont.) Air Force Post; February 19, Brantford, Ont. Swimming Schedule Jan. 8—Ohio State here. Jan. 15—DePauw here. Jan. 22—Purdue, Wisconsin, at Northwestern. Jan. 29—Purdue at Michigan. Feb. 5—Northwestern here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 19—Conference meet at Northwestern. , Wrestling Schedule Jan. 8—Northwestern, here. Jan. 14—Illinois, hei’e. Jan. 15—Wheaton College, here. Jan. 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb. 8—DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at North-
western.
The Great Lakes basketball team will have plenty of incentive for seeking a victory over Northwestern when the two teams meet on New Yeai’s Eve. Last year the Wildcats defeated the Bluejackets, 57 to 36, and last fall Northwestern’s football team handed the Great Lakes football team a 13 to 0 licking, one of the two defeats suf'fered all season by the sailors. Buy War BtRadsP^4
A % W . »
4-v. ;i"~f'i M. .tj.jf.ir; y«.-'v
“■ ’’ » ^ i , ^ / ‘' ' j,, ^ ^ ^ I t ” ^ r, * > V’-^ ' ! ’ ' ' t
!Xrmy, Navy^ Marine New$
For Service Men^ By Service Men
Tuesday^ January 4, 1944
\t Freight Line Runs
The Forum
fey Pfc. Gabriel Elias
Setween Ohio And India °'*'r.'!:."i'^
Now m operation between Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio, and India is the world’s longest air freight line which is operating on a regular schedule, according to the Miami AAFTTC
To” Keep ’Em Flying
Used for the run are huge C87 cargo ships, counterparts of the B24 Liberator bomber, which is in tactical operation on all fronts. Urgently needed supplies are being delivered by the expected to become standaid equipneW service to Army Air ment m the neai futuie Forces units in the Far East. The complete equipment weighs
,Air Service command, can use it to cOnveit 14 pints of sea
charged with the duty of maintaining and supplying U S combat planes on all fionts, opeiates this service thiough its Oveiseas Sup ply Section Planes weie assigned to the work by the Air Tianspoit
Command
Navy Uses Mars » . . The Navy will soon be using the Mai tin Mais, the woild’s laigest flying boat, to tianspoit men and mateiiel to distant theateis of wai for the Naval Aii Tianspoit Sec
watei into dunking watei It woiks on the basis of desalting biiquets which dissolve into chemical pai tides on satuiation and take up the salt in sea watei fed into a plastic bag The bag is kept wateitight and can be secuied about the weaiei’s neck by coids Water Tester . . . Recently developed by the Aimy foi testing its chloi mated watei is a new kit desciibed by the Scott
tion, according to the Sky cracker of FieW Broadcaster The Aimy uses the Athens Pie Flight School calcium hypochloiite foi puiifying With a wmgspiead of 200 feet watei The new kit is used to detei and an oveiall length of 117 feet, mi'ie whethei the calcium hyphothe 70-ton Mais is two thuds again chloiite content is light as laige as the biggest flving boat Two small vials aie used One, now in use by the NATS Hei fuel foi testing, has a bioad yellow band tanks hold appioximately a tank aiound it The othei contains oi carload of gasoline and she can cai- tho toluiodine tablets A sample ly fiom 15 to 20 tons of caigo of the watei to be tested is intio The Mais IS poweied by foul 2200 duced into the test vial Addition horsepower Wiight Cyclone en of the oitho toluiodine turns it to a gines, turning thiee-bladed piopel yellow coloi Thi- is matched with lers 16 feet 6 inches in diametei the band on the bottle If the fluid She has sleeping accommodations is lightei it is undei chloi mated If foi 32 men ^ it is oiange it is ovei chiolmated
If it IS equal oi a daikei yellow, it
Desalting Kit . . . „,aybeused
Sea watei can now be desalted m
Revamped Knitting ... Even knitting has been levamped
mg kit, the Pensacola NFS Gospoit to meet Aimy demands the Ft Sam leports The new development le Houston Blazon lepoits
By knitting thumbs on a stiaight line with outei digits, the Quaitei mastei Coips has been able to de velop a new glove that fits eithei hand It is being used piimaiily as an mseit undei outei shell gloves in
cold climates
Since leplacements of gloves usu ally lesult fiom uneven weai, oi loss of one this is expected to le duce leplacement needs matciially
20 minutes with a new, i ecently m troduced compact chemical desalt
duces by two thuds the tune pie-
viously inquired
Developed by an Ameiican commeicial company woiking with the Naval Medical Reseaich Institute, the kit IS now being tested undei actual operating conditions and is
Notices
Civil Engineers ASCE mtetinpr ruc‘5da\ Jap A 30 p m Hcavilon Hall Coloi and sound movies on Airport and Pcnnsjl vania Turnpike construction All scivit men and civilian*' interested in this field iie urged to attend —FREITAG Ceres Meeting Tuesday Tan \ 6 10 p m m Old Chestnut Room in Union
WANN
Distinguished Students Refunds aie avail able at the cashiei s office Summer semes ter honor students who have not reecived the full refund may get then remaining fif te'cn dbllars bv seeing me in person —HOLLLNSBr All Students \lpha/eta agncult rc bon orary will sponsor a speech contest in Agii cultural Hall Saturday Jan 8 at b ^0 p m All pledges will partieipaU Anvci e intci esled in competing please see me
—POPE
All Students PE movies Wednesedav night Jan 5 at " 30 in room 108 of the ME building Everyone welcome
CLEVETT
'i Aeromodelers Regular meeting at 7 10 p m Wednesday Jan A M A sancti m discussed GUINN Sophomore Women Fcllowing play (n sophomore girls volleyball Itam Smith Wiley Ross Rose Suttc n Shattuek Alien First game Wedneseda> Jan 5 at pm PETERSON Junior Women Following play on juni r class volleyball team Caines Pattersen Hennes Harrison Gettinger Lai use Hui gefc Anson Fiiat game Wednesday T in at^p m PhTERSON junior Women Following pi ly on scnur volleyball team Bushlv Pickle Risk Rul Copjpton Galbraith Clark Blalock Brack man Fust game W dnes dav I in it 7pm PPTERSON Freshman Women Following will play on freshman volle>ball team Eenei P Id ridge Walters Nesius Young Meitz Pei kins Byrum Hinics Blaki B < t Fii t Lame Wedne edi> J in > at 4 i m PPT 1 RSON THton Club Mieting luesedav Jan 1 in Women s G>m at *" 1 i m VOCPI SANG FiA Board Members MhIihl it 1 p m in PIA oftict Widnestdiy Jai
PI RII I P
ICapppa Delta Rho Mt lirg 1 ue dav Ian 4 at b 30 p m in r m H Bimg piit> assessment JOHNSON 8CA Board mc< ling i ( stj lud until 1 ue^ dav Jan 11 BRYAN 1 ASCE Members Stud nt mimbcrship vill be dibtrilutfd at m eting 1 ue jn 4 at 0 r ni in r om 202 Heavilun Hall I RLllAO Riflery ( lass Piactiee oi lie dav Wed mj^dav rhursdav week f Jamiai> ^0 and following week fi rn ( 40 t K -Ri ] m All tirlb eligible m isl have Ihiee /tti|eb plus thi e moi AJ 1 1 N dolphin Actives McM-ting lliui d > Jin b at b 15 1 m in 1 ni 10 I the I i 11
Classified Ads I Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggigc typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40"' Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes «old rented repau d ind puichased Mimeo giaph vvoik clone C P Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 lost—II 11 10 milituv wri 1 witch with metal linl band A1 o bl icl c imeo i ng te ling m unt left in m n vv ishr cm leioss from Sweet Shop Siturdij evenings Chustm is presents fiom f imily Reward Please notify Pvt Call Hirtlage 1st PI i Icon Co E N Cary HUI Wanted—Gill students to work in Chest nit room Purdue Mem mil Unioi Wanted—Students to woik it Puiduc Memoiial Union C ifetc la Ai ply Cateteiia oil lee Buy War Boiads And Stamps
happened
cently in the States A couple of soldieis weie lesting quietly in then coach seats Seveial weie sleeping soundly Few moved Conveisation was spaise It takes eneigy to move youi lips On the othei side of the tiam two officeis conveised leisuiely Then subdued manneis, their quiet woids showed that they too had been under a stiain Wheie had they been, these tiled men ’ Whei e wei e they going ’ The conductoi came by He was an efficient peison who took oideis, earned them out and tiled not to bothei too much “State line passed,” he bawled out “Change seats fiom fiont to
back ”
Nobody stiiied it seemed The diop of heaits cannot be heaid But 01 dels weie oideis foi this efficient man, and he appicached the soldieis fiist Last Slams Door “Coloied cai in the leai,” he said as kindly as he could undei the cii cumstances That plodded the boys They weie no longei soldieis, they weie coloi ed folk and must move back The looks they gave spoke many woids, but no lips moved With savage silence they picked up then bags and shuffled off The last to leave slammed the exit dooi No othei noise was heaid All eyes in the tiain turned to waids the officeis One was coloi ed and the othei white “Coloi ed cai in the leai,” the conductoi lepeated, and the coloi ed man, now white with humiliation, bent down to leach foi his bags But uhe white aim of his companion held him back Deeply insulted, the white officei glaied at the conductoi “We’ie not used to this ” he intoned ‘Im soiiy, sii I have my oiJeis ’ \\as the simple leply “I’m soiiv too” the white man said as he tiied to fight off active angei You see those men you shooed back They’ve all been acioss Many of then buddies will ncvei letuin fiom the fight against racism ovei theie How can we who remain submit to it at home’” “I have my oideis ” the conductoi leplied as if he had heaid no pait of what had just been said And without moie he left only to letuin with an M P who earned out his end As the coloi ed officei moved out a mumble escaped fiom eveiywheie, “How happy the ignoiance in which those men died ” Slowly, with pioucl poise the daik skinned man walked down the long coiiidoi, opened tho dooi, and closed it gently behind him litkets Here ‘ Ticket sii ” the conductoi diew the white officei’s attention fioiu the diiection in which his fiiend had
left
“Get the hell out oi my way,” the white man gloweied, pushing his wav beyond the efficient man Pioudly and belligeiently he shoved thiough that long coiiidoi to sit with his fiiend in the leai ot the tiain Patronize Exponent Advertisers
laTds
day
fciXponent 1 xtiutne Board Mwllins i We^nesdaj Jaii at j m in lilt bjtpo
neht Offitt
MUKPHV
Alpha Pill OiiioKa Oi n n tl in, Wtiln h day Jai It tJ I 111 S| ikti Uo m dtloflh 111 in WI,NKIHt Ail Pormer Stuutu and Sioulern Mila Phi Ojnei.a nati i i 1 i i Ui i, I i iiil m vitua all ml lift i t all id I ti nil t iiife Ui b litld V\ li dn\ J 11 il W 11 m in 10 m ul il Ui i i ‘ WINKIIK Chriatlaii Siimce Oreani/alion 11< k lai ipdiltlini. if Ihi (hii liai Sti ni Oii,uii/i lloii will bl hi Id in lilt I iht 1 Its I uni, of thi Union lULbdav Ian 4 it M) | in A buHimhii mitlmi will I II x mnudial 1% aft^ SinWANIJl Alutui laamhda Ualla Paili ii I ni (tint, foi all mi mbir« at tin Ui ni rniti ( li nth at I 8(1 p m Siitiiiiho Ian li Niw m ml i-, lirii)t.iilucit " WINi.U
MERRY-00- ROUND
Tho leaders and the peoples ot the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better | THIS IS THE ROUND Not the gayest, not the smartest, perhaps—but ceitainly the most cheerful, most optimistic New Yeai’s celebration of the wai, as the clocks qcioss the nation bonged out the midnite houi, gloom was nevei moie Ignored in the last foui sad, sick yeais Celebrants found cause for joy in tPhkt lay ahead And why not’ When, in the course of the war, has optimism been moie justified’ Gaining momentum since last summer, slowly but with definite diiection and intent, has been a series of military victories in all battle zones Glitteiing diplomatic meetings have brought about political undei standing which aie solid body blows at the enemy. The imminence of major new fronts is precursoi to the haymaker that’s on its way Victoiy in ’44 is no false optimism But it must be a sobei optimism—a roll-up-your-sleeves-and-fight optimism This can be no decision on points We can be satisfied with nothing less than a knockout We have to keep oui guard up and slug away Aftei the KO, the REAL celebiation'
Vrl2BandFeatures Song By J. Simpson Furnishing a musical background for the Navy V-12 show,’ “Scuttlebutt and Brine”, the V-12 band will feature during the show a jump tuhe written by one of its members, John Simpson. Simpson plays saxophone for the band and once played with Maury JVIahn. The song, entitled “The Girls They Left
On Shore” is to be played before the public for the fiTst
We
The Students
By Pvt. M. E West, USMCR
MORE rO SHOUT ABOUT According to its first comprehensive report, the WD is pleased with pi ogress and scope of the forum-discussion plan for GIs. Soldiers at camps and campuses are, according to the report, putting to practice their heritage of freedom of expression by organizing and zealously participating m such informal discussion groups. Most GI forums use the town hall technique with a qualified person as moderatoi and soldiers with knowledge of a particular topic up for discussion as a board of “experts”. After opening arguments are presented, the audience gets its chance to fire questions or give opinions Topics? Apparently nothing is barred Points of view? All are encouraged Nothing is considered dangerous or untouchable labor, military strategy, politics, economic systems, the axis, the Allies, soldier-problems all come up for air and sunshine To keep information hungry GIs up to date and to encourage the already rapid-fire spread of discussion groups, the Army is undertaking to piovide informational pamphlets presenting basic facts on a wide variety of topics.
WHAT GOOD IS TALK’ Until lecenlly, seiious bull sessions weie discouiaged and piacticed, if at all, clandestinely by limited numbevs Many men, hi ought into the Aimy, came with the tiaditional belief that the unifoim was insulation against expression that wasn’t entiiely military As a military philosophy, howevei “a little knowledge is a dangeious thing” has since been junked The new theoiy, and pi oven in piactice, has become that “knowing the scoie” does not impaii, undei mine oi destioy mihtaiy discipline In fact, it IS lecognized as essential in pioducing and maintaining a victoiious battle team Altho newness and excitement have made foi urns populai, paiticipa tion in discussion gioups of a seiious soit is, foi many soldiers, something new and peihaps, the full powei, scope and value have not yet been realized by all The value of foi urns is two fold The immediate diiect by pioduct IS as an Alaskan camp papei summed it up editoiially “Eveiy one IS getting a lot moie toleiant of othei people’s viewpoints At fiist, diffeiences of opinion, would get eveijbody up in arms Now they think— well that’s his opinion and I’ve got mine and let’s tiy to make some sense out ot the thing ” When you give and take in a free discussion you can’t help but be toleiant towaid the honest attempt of citizen soldieis to call ’em as they see ’em The other and long lange benefit to be deiived is geared with the basic philosophy of all mihtaiy ti dining, namely, efficiency in battle Knowing and understanding the issues (and their value) involved in anj struggle, IS the most stable foi m of the moi ale which makes soldiers efficient ones A thinking Army is an invincible weapon and measures which can stimu late critical thinking can help assure victoiy in ’44
time m “Scuttlebutt and
Brine”.
Hhe V-12 band, which was the first V-12 dance band in
Question “There has been much United States, is composed of discussion in Congress and through- dance out the country, about letting seiv- throughout the country, ice men vote in the next presiden- membeis had their own tial election Do you think they ^^eir enlistment in should vote, and could vote intelli- p^p^^^ j^^^er of the gently, even though many of them p^^y are undei the usual voting age’” Chicago and then had his own R E Gillies, A-12 band in Chicago Poi ter and Drucke“Theie IS much to be said foi saxophone playeis, both had both sides of the question, but I Hedburg, think It would be best If they could pj^y^^^^ pj^y^^
vote Most of the service men have
a pretty good knowledge of what is , ,,
, , . , 1 „ The V 12 band has appealed on going on and what is needed ” , , ,, 4 /o T. 1. 1. the campus befoie, and goes on the A/S Bob Fisher eveiy Thuisday night fiom 7 30 “No Seivice men, especially ^^.^^on WBAA
those oveiseas, are not very well informed as to what is taking place ’
in the politics of oui countiy and about the men lunning foi smaller see laigely one side of what is hap- offices ”
pening ”
Pvt J. T. Baughei Eighteen vaiieties of dogs aie noW “Yes, I think all seivice men being accepted foi the K-9 Corps, should vote Few people can keep repoits the Keeslei Field News, ^ up with politics these days but I quoting Dogs foi Defense, Inc, the think seivice men could vote as leciuiting agency Among those good 01 bettei than aliyone ” not listed aie chowsi called too unAllen Mandahae leliable, setters, because they can’t “It depends upon who they aie get ovei chasing buds, Great Danes, voting foi Most service men will too big to handle, and collies, “beknow quite a bit about the piesi cause ” it says, “they have had the dental candidates but veiy little hiains hied out of them ”
ODDS ’N’ ENDS Accoidmg to Army and Navy Journal AST eniollment will diop to 125 000 oy Apiil 1st Meanwhile giaduating peis psychs aie prospect ing about fui lough possibilities The next lelease in the hy We Fight senes will be Battle of China and will do foi that membei of the United Nations what was done foi Gieat Biitain and the Soviet Union in depict ing then contiibution towaid the annihilation ot Fascism Of the offi ceis in 1545 SU eight aie Univeisity alumni ASTudents on pass in New Yoik City cannot get fiee ducats to the vaiious amusements which aie offeied other soldiers The Nai vy has been sinking a lot of dough, time and talent in a musical they call “Butteiscotch and Ciime ’ Fiom ad vance publicity it should cop the GI Academy Awaid We’ie going he cause we heai that MH will be lousy with Life photogiapheis and leport eis All this and an Indiana basketball game too this Satuinite The game is at 1930 and the “woild piemieie ’ at 2045 Youi SR caid is good foi both The Sunday convo will featuie an opeiatic quaitet
YomNa.isfomsHoe ODK LOW PRICE
09
BACK THE ATTACK — WITH WAR BONDS
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD a m THE PURDUE EXPONENT
■ (
I**?
*> i
^ r
s