I#
Take Census
University Will Analyze Business Conditions Of Drug Stores The pharmacy extension department of the University is conducting a business analysis of individual Indiana drug stores for Hoosier druggists, Henry' W. Heine, in charge of the extension department, recently announced. At the same time he also announced that the sixth annual druggists business conference will be held on the cam^pus, March 25 and 26. the same general plan as was used last year, operating blanks, calling for information nec essary for a business analysis, have been mailed out to all druggists in the state. Those who return the blanks with the necessary information will be furnished with a profit and loss statement along with a business analysis and suggestions for the future following careful study of the report by Mr. Heine, who emphasized the fact that all reports are kept in strict confidence. Nearly 150 druggists cooperated in the project last year. Started Last Year This plah, which was inaugurated in the pharniacy extension department at Purdue last jrear, has greats ly increased the demand for services from that department and fias made possible a closer cooperation among the dental, pharmaceutical, and medical professions. In cooperation with the school of pharmacy, the pharmacy extension department will continue to sponsor a weekly broadcast over Purdue radio station, WBAA, every Friday at 1:30, entitled “The Apothecary”. The broadcasts are given by staff members of the pharmiacy school, and have proven a benefit in enlightening the listening public on, the importance of the druggist aiid his profession.
British'Monareh Dies After Week’s Illness
George V, 70 year old monarch of the British Empire, died in Sandringham, England, at 6 o’clock (Central Standard Time) last night after a week’s illness, according to radio news reports. He caught a sudden cold last week and became seriously ill last Friday. Yesterday the king signed a document establishing a council of state to assume his royal duties. The council is composed of Queen Mary and their four sons. Until yesterday afternoon the king was reported to have been holding his own, but later reports said his strength was diminishing. Due to his heart weakness, the end was "noit^tmexpectedv''
Police Hear Lieut Kreml
Ag Meeting
New Attendance Becbrd / ; Set At :Gorifeirence T-
Tired? Relax And ':FigureThm^^
By W. T. Hunt. The following' is one of those brain teasing-"problems which help to account for many hours of students’ time. Designed as “A Problem To End Problems”, it can be worked in twenty minutes or less, and no higher mathematics is necessary for its solution. The Exponent will print the answer in the following issue, but does not assume responsibility for hair torn put or midnight oil burned. It is now a certain time in the afternoon of a certain day of a certain month in a- certain year. The time of day 4 hours and 33 minuted from how is 4 times what the time of day would have been 1 hoUr, 32 minutes, and 30 seconds before 1 hour and 17 minutes preious to the present time. The same day of the month in February of this certain year would be numerically equal' to bne less than 3 times the number of this certain month in this certin year, and is also equal to one more than twice the number of the day 18 days before the last day of this Fiebruary. The number of the year is equal to 24 more than twice the square of ten times the number of the month following February in a year. A man at the particular time mentioned above refers to himself as being 16 years more than 3 times his age when he was younger than his present age by 7 years less than his present age. However, he is a few odd months and some older than he casually calls himself. In fact, the number of full months that he is past this (Continued on page 4)
■With over 6,800 Indiana farm people in atteridance, the annual Agricultural Cortferehee sponsored by the University closed last Friday, setting a new attendance record which exceeded last year’s figure by more than lOO, Following the forestry and conservation banquet Thursday evening, “Rural Life Day” concluded the five-day conference with several addresses
Friday.
Dr. O. E, Baker, senior agricultural economist of the department of agriculture, gave one of the main addresses Of Priday’s sessions, also leading the' discussion at a final summary luncheon that noon, at which Pres. E. C. Elliott presided. In discussing the place of the farm family in the welfare of the nation. Dr. Baker stated, “It is becoming clear that the land is the foundation of the family and that tke family is the foundation of the state.” Additional organizations electing officers during their annual meetings at the conference were the Indiana Uraft Horse Breeders’ Association, the Agricultural Alumni Association, and the Indiana State Dairy Association, At the luncheon of the Ag arumni Thursday^ seed samples of vegetable soybeans, a type new to Indiana, were given the guests for their own home gardens. These new soybeans may be used like green peas, and also can be baked like navy beans. They were developed at the University by Dr. G. Hi Cutler.
Evanston Specialist Dis-
cusses Safely
Lieutenant P. M. Kreml, safety specialist on the University staff, who is on leave from the Evanston, 111.,: police, department to organize safety work at Purdue, met last night with the local police department. In this meeting he discussed the plans he had in mind and told of successful work in other cities. Previously Kreml had consulted with Mayor William N. Teal and a non-partisan advisory committee of citizens on police affairs and public safety, and after discussing varipus pofice problemsj lid was- invited to make a_ complete survey of the Lafayetip d^fifdhmht, A ment of appointments to the citizen’s ; committee was rndde Saturt-
day by the mayor.
Rigid Training Schedule^^^^^^^ i ^ During the last several months members of the local department have been following' a rigid physical training schedule Outlined by Paul Hammel, of the Y. M, C. A. and supervisor mf police training. They have also held regular pistol practice at the Lafayette Armpry. University staff members fiave giveh them lectures pn criminal psycKoiogy; local attorneys have discussed with them the authprities pf police ofiicers; University pharmacists have explained the effects of narcotics and their control; and the Red Cross has provided a thorough course in first aid. All of these are steps in the training program undertaken last spring' with the aid of the University.
Graduate Dames To Induct Twpnty-Nine -Members of the Graduate Dames club vdll' induct twenty-nine new members into their group this evening at 6:46 o’clock in the faculty lounge Of the Memorial Union Building. The following are to be initiated: Mrs.* Arthur Bell, Blrs, D. N. Bilby, Mrs. L. M. Busche, Mrs. M. Garruthers, Mrs. A. L. de Bey, Mrs. Gerritt Bragt, Mrs, S. C. Elrod, ^ Mrs. M. R. Graney, Mrs. S. C. Lippihcptt, Mrs. Jack Lux, Mrs. H. E. May, Mrs. J. H. Martin, Mrs. E. P. Miller, Mrs. C. Moore, Mrs. F. H. Norton, Mrs. H. G. O’Blad, Mrs. C. S. Sprague, Mrs. C. E. Schmetzler ,Mrs. R. E. Schreiber, Mrs. M. J. Skeecers, Mrs.'H. G. Taylor, Mrs. B. M. 'Vanderbilt, Mrs. G. S. Winn, Mrs. E. R. Wright, Mrs. T. A. W-olf, Mrs. C, K. Stedman, Mrs Leslie Tucker, Mrs. G. O. Ashman, Mrs. E. W. Gluesankamp. After the initiation ceremony, a dinner will be heifi with Mrs. J.; W. Luzadder and her committee in
charge.-':.
Professor Hatt In CivU Building rs at the twenty-second annual Road University made the Armory a beehive of activity yesterday
Expect JLacgest Enrollment Siitee>19i6
Loss Reducing System New York— (AGP) — Columbia University’s Prof. Walter Rautenstrautch, head of the department of industrial engineering add a leader of the technocracy movement, has developed a system which he claims will cut about $5,000,000 a day from the losses of American business men. The new system, it is said, would enable an executive to determine the profit or loss to be expected from any sales vplume, and the point at which the business will break even. It was devised after analytical studies had been made of the financial reports of hundreds of indumries. “My studies have convinced me that the average American business is inefficiently run,” Prpf. Rautenstrautch says. “Uot more than between 6 and 10 per cent have an adequate knowledge of the cost of production and the costs of doing business.”
The first issue pf the Purdue Engineer for 1936:.was distributed to subscribers Saturday. Among the new features inaugurated is an article oh “Color PhotPgraphy”, by J. N. Walters, E. E. ’37, illustrated in Colors. An alumni section containing prominent Purdue alumni who have received honorary degrees of doctor of engineering has also been added. Other Articles Among other articles of interest to students is “The Latest Trends in Airplane Design”, by D. F. Miller, Cf. E. ’39, and .‘Management of Industry”, by Prof. G. H. Shepard. Short articles on engineering news can be found in the Eugmeering Forum, and for some good engineering humbr, there are the stories by RoHo Burks in “Hot Rivets”. On the more serious side, the editorial by Carl Lindquist will give every college man something to think about.
The largest enrollment in twenty, years is expected to attend the eight Weeks winter course in agriculture which opened yesterday, according to y. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, who stated that 158 had registered. A few late entoants are expected to bring the total to ever 160 with the possibility of going above 162, the number which registered for the course in 1916. The largest number tp attend the winter school since its inception was 194, in 1914. One hundred and twelve attended last year. The attendance in the various courses this year is: general agriculture, 47; dairy manufacturing, 39; animal husbandry, 43, and dairy production, 28.: ^
Ralph ReyiRoldsT o Play At President’s :Ball Here
Ralph Reynolds and his orchestra will furnish the mfisic for Lafayette’s President’s ball which will be held in the Allen dancing academy January 30. Cities and tow^hs all over the country will hold dances on this evening, the proceeds of which will go fpr the battle against
infantile paralysis.
the show, the exhibits including graders, tractors, trucks, and even precision surveying instrumeUts. The exhibits will be open for inspection until Thursday noon. With Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, presiding, the fiye-day road SChool program was formally opened : yesterday with an addr®ss bf Welcome by Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineerihg, and a response by; W. H. O’NCall, of Crawfordsville, secretary of- the Highway Materials and Equipment AssPcia-
'tion.
Dpggett Sfieaks Denzil Doggett, assistant state engineer of the Indiana coriservation department, sppke at the afterrioon session on the peculiar engineering problems met i* the conservation of land areas, including highways, sanitation, water supply, building and landscaping. He also outlined the manner in which ECW, CCC and WPA services have been utilized in improving the state park
areas.
M. F. Carpenter, director of the U. S. employment service, Indianapolis, described the operation of the employment service in the state; and Charles A. Wilson, assistant director of projects and planning of the Works Progress Administration in Indiana, outlined the« WPA procedure-in the
state.
Smoker Prof. J. S. Grandell, of the University of Illinois, spoke last night at a smoker sponsored by Chi Epsilon, honorary civil engineering fraternity, on “European Roads”. He pointed out that although there was a long period after the war when European countries neglected their highways systems, all Europe today is awake to the need for good highways and in many of the countries road building is being pushed (Contiriued on page 4)
H ^
1,200 Attend Convocation
Di*. Coffin ‘‘Symbols Of Faith”
Reasons for believing in; Goff were discussed in the sermony “Sjnnbdis of Faith”, delivered by Dr. Henry Sloane Coffin, New York City theologist and W'eli known educator, at the religious convocation held in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday. In expfdssmg how we can believe in God, Dr. Coffin pointed out that, since faith cannot be seen, heard, or touChed, there mtist be symbols of it as evidence of the reality of God; The three symbols used by Dr. Coffin in his sermon were: the bible, the church, and Jesus Christ. Over 1,200 students and towhspeOple attended this convocation which was the fifth of the regularly scheduled monthly religious meetings held on the campus. The University choir, of 72 students. Tinder the direction of A. P. Stewart, sang two anthem?, “The Omnipotence”, by Schubert, and ‘Cast Tby Burdens Upon the Lord”, from Elijah, by Mendelssohn. Dr. Coffin, who has taught naafiy of the most widely known ministers in the Umted States, was intfoduced by Prof. LaTirehee Hadley, chairman of the committee oh religious convocatiohs.
PREXY TO RETURN TODAY
Pres. E. C. Elliott, will return today or tomorrow from Washington, where he has been attending the meeting of the science committee of the national resources board, of which he is a inember.
lU Plans Attack On Honorariek
Thirsty Stanford Students Must Brave
EXPONENT STAFF
There will be a meeting of the editorial staff oh Saturday, February i, at 1:30; Plan now to keep that afterhoon free. HEUSER.
Dr. Lark^oroyitz ^sked To Report Hb Resoarch Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, of the Purdue physics departmeht, has been invited to attend a meeting of the national research council commi'ttee on insulation at AT^ashingrtion, D. C. He has beeh asljied to give a formal report of his work during recent years oh the properties of dielectrics.
; By Orrim Prudden Several of us were sitting around a table at the Blue Eflazef, when Dave Pollock said, “It surely is nice to be able to have a glass of beer without having to ride about five miles to get it.” This immediately brought up -the question, “What do you mean?” It seems that at Stanford, Dave’s ex-Alma Mater, according to Mr. Stanford’s will, there must be no drinking on the land that be, gave to the school. He also j^aye the land for the city of Palo Alto with the same restriction. If the people of the city violate this rule, the land is returned to the heirs of the estate, which is the school bearing his name. As a result, the student body has to go all the way through to'wh outside the city limits for a glass of beer. Pollock’s explanation had atfecacted several other menibers uf fbe University to the table. Soon he Was deluged With questions. Here are a few that seemed most im-f portant and Were asked by most of the students that, surrounded him> ^^TeU us i Of tine school;”
vStanford is in the center of a plot of ground that contains 4,000 acres. There are about twenty-five miles of improved roads on the campus, which are policed by three radio equipped squad cars. The speed liniit oh the campus is twenty miles an hour ahd fines range froin five dollars to seventy-five. The buildings are much older than those on the Purdue canipus, and the equipment in the engineering division is not as good as that here, according to. Pollock. “How about the students tnting, cars ?” Anyohe can drive out there. There is no such, thing as a school permit. If you didn’t have a car you would be lost. The most commoh type of car is the Lincolh or •Packard. It seems to be a very wealthy school, so college-traps are .very .few.''" ■ All freshmen have to live in the Freshman Dorm. There is no exCeption made to this rffie. Students cannot be pledged to paternities nntil tiie second sesmester cff th^ peshman smar. The canmus has I (Continued on page 4)
CrGmer Chosen To LeadYoungFarmers At the final seteion Saturday: of the Indiana Association of the Future Farmers of America, held at the University, Donald Cromer was elected president of the organization. K. W. Kiltz, of the University education department^ and Z. :M. Smith, state club leader of the University, were reelected secretary treasurer and state adviser, respectively. As a'^surprise feature of the banquet Friday night,' Kiltz was awarded the honoi'ary degree of Hoosier Farmer. Victor Stine, of Goshen, speaking on ‘Marketing Begins at Home”, was awarded first place and a gold key in the public speaking contest and by virtue of this victory will represent Indiana in the regional speaking contest. At Saturday morning’s business session the 1936 program, practically a contintiation of the 1935 plan, w)as adopted.: :('■ ■ ; . . ■ '
The Interfraternity Council of Indiana University has decided that there are Jboo many honorary organizations on the Bloomington campus, and has devised a plan which will enable it to puss judgment on these groups. A report to be submitted next semester is expected to be the deate knell of many of the superfluous organizav tions. James O’DonneU, ’36, president -of the council, stated that Indiana students spend approximatmy five thousand dollars a year on honoraries and that the hope of the council was to abolish those “that have no reasonable excuse for existing’^ The plan has the approval of Dean C. E. Edmondson, chairman of the committee on student affairs.
P. G. O’Connor, CE ’35, Receives Now Position
P. 6. O’Cpnnbr, who was graduated in civil engineering in 1936 from the University, is leaving tbe campus this week to accept an engiheering position with Algernon Blair, building contractor of Monti gomery, Alabama. This company engages almost exclusively in the construction of federal post offices Mr. b’Gonnor has been worMhg sin<eo Rradnation with ibie speei^l bridge design group of the state highway commission on the thii^d floor of the Civil Engineering Build
Union Oub Registration For Next Term Opens Students wishing to live in the Union club next semester must register immediately, according to word received from Mr. Vallely last night. A special rate of |IQ0 a semest^ ■ is offered to students and faculty members; Each room offers phone facilities, private showerj, bed, dresser, desk, and upholstatedi chair. Faculty members and gradTiate students may room mv tbeAdh" ond floor while undergraduate students are designated td“^\tl^ fioor. Complete mnid service is maintained by the Unten^l^^ cqn* venience of tea pants.'V'..; PUBUCATION SCHEOULE
Because
tions tee Exponent will l»;puliK Kshed only on the following dates dTnring the next two weeks: Jan. SS. SO, andi,«fi • .. ,
Mieintifeijr of JJatiohal Gollegte PreM Association, Big Ten Editorial Association EStCiusiveiy Represented by National Advertising Serwce^ Inc. , 420 Madison Avenne, New York ffty f ^ Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Stteet
Editorial phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EdiWr-in-Chief.. Managing Editor.. ■ Associate'Editors.;
,.f ‘ 1. .
I 'r'-
EDITORIAL STAFF «
Vi Heuser
..C. H. Campbell
..A. M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther
Sports Editor..... ......... ,.•• N, HAyS Associate Sports l^itors.-.! ...;....D, F. Mull, B. H. Walpole, L. IL Wood Sophomore Assistants..... K. A. Barnette, J. E. BrOck, R. H Cribb, A. H. Forster,
G. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler
G. F. Roauemore, R. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor. ; : ......W. R- Abbott
Business Manager...: Advertising Manager.... Advertising Assistants.. Circulation Manager..... Circulation Assistants... A^ociate Editors............ Ad'vertising Manager....
BUSINESS STAFF ' : '
: W. A. Koch
.. H. F. Antonini
Brown, R. Creek, D. 0. Miller
„........;;.;...5... R; J; Hulse Z..]- J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields Helen Creech, 'Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann :. ........Josephine Perkins
Editor...........„.
WOMEN’S STAFF ; Joyce Williams
Tuesday, January 21, 1936.
^ Issue Editor-—C. L. Sadler. •
Railroad Tickets Grow Again - Early arrivers at the registrar’s office for registration paraphernalia have received a “railroad ticket” that has grown a bit since last we saw one. This time there are ten separate cards to the set, an increase of two over those of former years. The headings are: “Information for the Registrar,” “Declaration of Candidacy for Degree,” “For the Directory,” “For the Dean,” “For the Medical Adviser,” “For the Personnel Office,” “For the Purdue Memorial Union,” “For the Information Office,” and two cards, to be filled out in duplicate, headed, “Personal Data for Emergency Needs.’’ All of these cards are undoubtedly used at some time or another, but could not some of them be combined ? The one for the directory is used in compiling the student directory, but could not the registrar’s card be used for this? Is the one headed “For the Memorial Union” necessary when its only use is for the compiling of the temporary student directory? Is it necessary to fill but a “Candidacy for Degree” card eight times during a normal four year registration when graduating seniors could be given a separate card? Is it necessary to have two cards, each bearing information in case of accident or illness, when the medical adviser, the Dean, and the Registrar have cards and this information could be easily inserted? Do the personnel offices need new cards every semester when the information is contained in the directory and the original sheets that were necessary for admission? Where is the “Information Office” which receives a card ? Could it be the table in the Union lobby ? Furthermore, would it hot be a lot . simpler to have a stenographer tjrpe out neat carbon copies of all the NECESSARY information in abbreviated form and send it to the offices needing the information, than to have these clumsy card files bearing the typical student scrawl ?
The Rush Is Ob ^ . ■ Students attend class every week from one to ten hours for each scheduled subject and, in most cases, it is not considered essential for students to hurry unnecessarily through the work or tear like mad through written quizzes; But finals . . . ah, that’s something different. Although time is scheduled for three hours for each examination, it is evidently a tradition that one must hurry through and try to leave as soon as possible. In most classes, the result of the final examination is considered as determining about one-third of the final grade in the course. Doesn’t it seem just a bit foolish for a student to work conscientiously for five months and then waste a part of a high grade so that he can boast, “I got out in an hour”?
How was the national administration to know that the AAA was unconstitutional when three of the ablest judges on the supreme court did not know it either.—Fort Wayne JournalGazette.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Let Freedom Ring The Cash Register Speaks (The Northwestern Daily) ' . ' Of late the air has been rent with loud bellowing of the American Liberty League. This group, claimant to the defense of American liberty, actually is a champion of the “status quo”. The League asserts that the Ainerican people wish to return to the so-called “good old days,” (of two cars in the finance company’s hands and two chickens in every garage). Let’s look at the “Liberty” league. Last year it received $483,175 and spent $389,973. It paid, among other things, a salary and expense of over $51,000 to its head, one Jouette ■■'Shouse. ■ ■ -f' - '\ Now where did all this money come froih? Yes, of course, it came from the pockets of American people who believed that their liberty needed defending. Well that’s two points for our side, now let’s play again. ^ As the League’s publicity man, A1 Smith, would say, “let’s look at the record.” Let’s find out just who these stout yeomen, who rise in defense of their so-called rights, really are. Surely they must be honest farmers or factory workers who chafe under the yoke of New Deal policies. Who are these people? The record shows that 30 per cent of the checks contributed and amounting to $138,000 come from no less a group than the du Pont family. Other contributing yeomen were Alfred P. Sloan of General Motors fame, our old friend John J. Raskob, The Bankers Trust Company of New York, The Phillips Petroleum Company and other financial groups who gave a total pf $133,500. Here we have a delightful little ^oup of people who attempt to give the impression they genuinely represent the voice of the nation. It is they who pay the expenses of the American Liberty League. People who pay salaries usually give ordem jiist to, make it more fun, we’ll let you guess whose “liberty” is embodied in the American Liberty League.
Sign in local butchery . . . FRESH BRAINS—16c a pound A SNAPPY STORY I bought my girl some garters At the Woolworth five and ten. She gUvfe them to her motheiM ^ That’s the last I’ll see of them. Philhert. ■: The Phi Gaims had a mysterious phone call regarding the family history, background and ancestry of their dog-aDUKli—he gets around . ,. .too, - Officer: You can’t park there. But, Officer, that’s my UNION. , In a recent poll at Princeton, whiskey was voted the favorite beverage, with milk the second favorite. A girl back homa, . And one at school. Fun all the time—■ I’m no fool. Christmas and spring All summer through, To the girl back home— “My love, only you.” Then back to school. And my campus love. The date to a dance— “Only you, I love.” Fun all the time— And, a time that’s fast. I’m not caught yet— And oh, the past, . . -—Redraw. ■ ■ The poor-pun people have almost given up. We’ve only had one in the past two weeks. Here ’tis . . . Doctor: Have you any scars' on y6u? Frosh:. No, have a cigarette. •—Moonshine, FINALS ARE HELL!!!
Girls Disturb West' ,P©iiit Equilibriimi
West Point—( AGP)—The “equilibrium” of United States army cadets must be preserved at whatever cost, so the two attractive young women who assisted at West Point’s compulsory dancing classes last year have been banned forever. When Mr. and Mrs. George Roberts, of Tulsa, Okla., went to the academy to teach dancing to those of the cadets who didn’t know how, they took along as accompanists two young women from their dancing school. It was a good idea, but it didn’t work. “The young ladles disturbed the equilibrium of the cadets learning to dance,” it was explained. The two dancing partners who came so near upsetting the academy said they had “a swell time” and didn’t notice anything wrong with their dancing partners. “It was grand,” said Miss Ann Templeton. “If we disturbed their equilibrium I didn’t notice it. I’d like to go back.” Educational Conditions Grow Steadily Worse Washington, D. C.—(AGP) — While business shows marked improvementj educational conditions throughout the country have been growing steadily worse, according to a recent government survey. United States office of education figures showed schools in 467 districts failed to open for the last spring term, affecting 67,000 pupils and 1,760 teachers. Enrollment increased from 26,678,000 in 1930 to 26.700.000 last year, but there were 62.000 fewer teachers. Total expenditure for education dropped from $2,317,000,000 in 1930 to $l,763i000,000 in 1934.
Final Gycles— If many of you are beginning to feel—“I’d like to get niy hands on whoever started finals”—, Professor Mahin, formerly'of the Chemistry department, may thank his stars that he left Purdue to join the Notre Daitie faculty.
We- were beginning to growl around about finals before vacation started, and during that period hRnted around tq fihd th© whj^ when, whence, and how of pur finals, W we found waff thRt B. committed of the faculty with Frpfessor Mahin as chairman proposed Gie original systeni of final© as one. of R set of suggestionsmade in 1921-1922 to “improve academic standards and performance on the campus,” in the words of our informer.
This year and the following year, 1922-1923, the faculty earnestly discussed the suggestions and in the conrse of the latter year voted a system of final examinations for all courses. A three hour test at the end of each semester beginning in the school year of 1923-1924 was to make up, the first year, only a small fraction of the semester grade, which fraction was to be increased yearly until it equalled onethird. This system was soon seen to be defective and eventually the valuation of the test was turned over to the several departments and certain courses were allowed exemptions—partially or entirely; That is, it appeared that exams were not logical in some courses— notably some laboratory courses. It also seemed that in some courses it might be well if exemption from the final were made to students with a certain good grade—say A.
These latter exemption courses, if we try hard enough, afford us a small amount of relief from the grind of that period which began last Wednesday. Usually to help matters, these exemption courses are those iii which we are least likely to make the coveted A.
According to Prof. W. P. Turner, of the practical mechanics department, who is in service one of the oldest members of the faculty, the present period is not the first when the University has had finals. He says that during the time of President White, 1876-1883, and President Smart, 1883-1900, there were finals at Purdue, At this time any instructor might excuse from final examination a student whose grade was 85. It was suggested that if an instructor kept so close a record of students as to be able to distinguish between a grade Of 84 and 85, or 85 and 86, that there seemed little necessity of having finals; and finals were discontinued.lUf,
i-ef" Tdniglit Preliminaify Matches To Be Held In Lafayette Armory Fight fans will find a high geated fotm of their favorite entertain' ment being shown ht the Lafayette Armory tonight when the opening show of the' annual Golden Gloves tourney begins at 8:30. ■' Although unable to check exactly on the number of entries, fight oflSciak are confident there will be at least 176 boxers listed. These preliminary matches will be a prelude to the semi-finals which will be run ofi some time next month. In these latter matches the men representing the University will be paired off with the winners of the same weight class in the town preliminaries. In past years those students who cared to enter the tournament did so at their own volition and without being official representatives of the school. However, this fall officials of the intramural department and of the tournament got together in an effort to organize a separate tournament for Purdue entrants. Purdue Fighters Selected These fights in the University tourney were run off at the end of this semester and the winners were selected for representation in the town tourney. All fights will go three rounds, decisions will be made by a group of officials after each bout. Each fighter who wins one or more of his matches will be presented with a handsome all-wool packet after his elimination. Those who go on and win their weight events will be presented with championship awards and ^ free trip to Chicago. Tickets for reserved seats at 75 cents and $1 are on sale at Rapp and Klein's and at Zipp’s cigar stand in the Lafayette Life Building. However, all remaining tickets will be picked up at 6 o’clock this evening so it behooves those desiring tickets to get over early if they want the best choice. These tickets will be placed on sale at the Armory in Lafayette, as long as they
last.
General admission tickets, priced at 60 cents,' will be on sale at the southwest and northeast entrances of the Armory. Doors will be open at 7:16 unless unusual weather conditions prevaih®
keS^rved seat ^tiekMa- fdr the koilermaker’s' resumption of Big Teh harddroedi,‘hostilities against Chicago j here on Saturday night, February L aiid Ohio State, here on Menday nigh^, February 3, t(dll be placed on sale over the cojinter beginning tomorrow, it was annetinced last night by 0. S. Doaii, manager of ticket sales. In addition to the University ticket office, seats will be available at Deckers’ in Lafayette and Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafay-
ette.
Advance mail orders indicate a lively fan interest in both battles, which will find the Boilermakers striving to retain their leadership in the title chase.
Ma|gar6t Amsden, d sophompre in the school of home economi^,, who fell in the Recitation Buildihg on December 19 and was taken to St. Elisabeth’s hospital With Cdncussion oL the brain, was released yesterday after undergoing an operation for the removal, of her appendix. -^Miss Amsden plans to return home to Waldron, Ind., where “I can enjoy a long-awaited Christmas dinner”.
lndia4a'^m /Net Gaines
^ 4- -F > >
-f
BIG TEN STANDING
^ ^ ^ ^ P
+
4- >
w.
L.
Pet.
PURDUE
-.3
0
1.000
Indiana
-6
0
1.000
Ohio State
-3
2
.600
Michigan
-.3
2
.600
Northwestern .
-.2
2
.500
"Wisconsin
-.2
3
.400
Iowa
-.2
3
.400
Illinois
...2
3
.400
Minnesota
...1
4
.200
Chicago
-.0
4
.000
Kizer To Make Address
Conference Standings Shift; Oliio, Michigan Tie For Second
The dress sword of Commodore Isaac Hull, commander of the frigate Constitution during the War of 1812, has been presented' to the Naval Academy.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food .you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
At Darlington Banquet Noble Kizer, University pigskin mentor, will be the principal speakat the Montgomery county sportsmanship banquet tonight. A. L. Trester, I. H. S. A. A. commissioner, is also on the program that is scheduled to take place in Dar-
lington.
98 Per Cent Of Michigan Co-eds Are Married Six Years After Graduation Thtee years after graduation, eighty per cent of the girls at the University of Michigan are married, according to statistics furnished by the Stewart Howe Alumni Service. Since eighty-two out of every one hundred co-eds marry men from their own university, it seems as if present-day women student are coming to college to find husbands. The fraternity pins are particularly appealing for in most cases girls become the wives of the fraternity men, whose pins they have worn. 2 Per Cent Old Maids Only two per cent of the women graduates are old maids at the end of six years so almost any fortune teller is correct in saying a co-ed will marry soon after graduating. College days spent together helps to insure a happy marriage for there are very few divorces on the alumni records of the Stewart Howe
Service.
The U. of California, with 20,388 fuTT-time students, ranks as the country’s largest. Couting parttime and summer students NYU is biggest, with 30,714.
Fi^ol H;H. I^dd, the EfigBeh department, wilt dismiss u. papsr entitled, "Seeing America idth ths Novelists” at a meeting ef the literature section of the Pnrdlne Women’s dttb to be held tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in the ulty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. L H. McKee, chairman of this group, will be in charge of the meeting.
FINAL EXAMINATIONS
Period 10
TUESDAY, JAN. 21, 8-11 A. M.
Eoom
Course Divisions AH no Jill B 30 Jill ChE 117 „_A11 Chem 8a ... . ..All Chem 29 .All Chem 181 A-H DH 109 .All Ec 126 A,B Ed 1 Ji .... Ed ^ B Ed 75 .C EE no .All EE 160 ... ... ..All Engl 60 All Engl 108 _A11 Engl 115 .All Engl 116 __A,6 Engl 126 All Ent 101 _.A11 Ent 260 All For 6 .... ."...JUl GE107 __A11 Gov 9 B-G,J
.C...
D
All ... . All _A11 A,XA,
XXA
_C,XC Math 3 .I,XI,J,K,L Math 4 jJ.E Math 106 All ME 31 __B ME 96 All ME 126 All ME 129 _A11 ME 161 A.11 ML 43 .C PE 41 All . -. Phya 10 A.11
Period 11
TUESDAY, JAN. 21, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AH 22 All .. . * AM 2 A,B,C,G,I . . . *
Hist 1 Hist 2
Hist 116
Hort 24
IM 141 .. Math 0 ....
Math 2
Chem 106
,. EE 264 Ed 201
*
■“‘Ed 208
*
'ee"860 Uni 211 Uni 310
SC 211, EE 129 Phys 202
. G 101
. ME 301 ME 207
Ed 203
132 Vine St. W. Lafayetm
[lAllliTOV'
641 Main St. Lafayette
Your Hat... properly and thoroughly Cleaned and Hocked the way you like it We call for and deliver to any part of the city. Call 3085 American Laundry
B 40 All B 46 All SC 211 B 108 All SC 14 B 117 All SC 4 Chem ia All ME 108 Chem 123 All ME 207 Ec 1 J),XD Ec no All Ec 184 All Ed 1 -E Ed 3a A Ed 201 Ed 18a .B Ed 16 All Ed 209 Ed 36 All..... — EE 6 „A11 EE 129 EE 7 A.11 EE 129 Engl 1 A,XA,B,XB. - C,XC,D Ed 101 Engl 1 JS,F,G G 101 Engl 1 .XG,H Chem 106 Engl 1 ..I,J,XJ Phys 202 Engl 1 K,L CE 101 Engl 6 A,XA,B,D * Engl 10 A Engl 19 A.B F Mgt 106 ....„ All For 27 „.A CE 308 For 40 All - For 113 All Hist 106 B ...._ EE 264 Hort 1 . All Hort 202 IM 86 All Math 4 .C. — Math 9 J3 ME 141 All ME 191 All ME 194 All ML 46 All MM 21 All PhC 16 All PE 48 All Ed 203 PEW 93 All Phys 221 All -
Period 12
WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22, 8-11 A. M. Course Di-visions Room Ag Ch 107 All Ag 103, 104 ChE 109 All ChE 120 All Heav 109 Chem 8 All Ed 101 CE 69 All CE 101 CE 201 All Ec 11 .F,H Ec 138 ...All Ed 1 J*. Ed 201 Ed 127 All Ed 209 Ed 178 All EE 19 I-M EE 129 EE 147 All EE 184 All .._ . ..„ Engl 14 A-C F Mgt 114 All Ag 117 For 107 All Hort 210 F&N 181 All.. GB 104 A Gov 9 A,H,I,K Gov 10 All Hist 116 All Hort 11 All - Math 0 B Math 1 .L,XL,M-Q Math 2 B Math 8 R,S Math 9 A,XA ME 91 All ME 94 All ME 120 All ME 128 All ME 180 All ME 148 All MM 17 ~A11 PE 81 All ,.. Phys 122 All *
Period 13
WEDNESDAY, JAN. 22, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AH 4 All Ag 117, 118 AH 7 A.11 Ag 108, 104 B 9 All SC 14 B 60 AU SC 103 B 161 \ All SC 4 Chem 106 All SC 211 CE 61 J All CE 201 DH 17 All Sm 112 Ec 1 C,XC Ec 12 C,D Ed 76 B Engl 10 —B Phys 202 Engl 14 P&Q Engl 10 Phys 202 Engl 19 D Univ 301 Engl 81^ .P.G,XG,H,XH, * YH,I,J,XJ Ed 101 Engl 81 JK.L,XL, M,XM Ed 201 Engl 117 B Ent 104 All F Mgt 9 All Ag 209 F&N 1 All EE 129 Hist 1 A.B 6 101 Hort 84 All Hort 202 Math 1 .W,X,XX.Y,Z, AA,AB Math 2 .D Math 241 All ME 80 J-Q ME 801r812 ME 90 ^B ML 28 A,B ♦ ML 48 A * ML 68 All ♦ PE 18 _An EE 264
Conference standings were shifted last night as the result of wins by Indiana over Wisconsin, 26 to 24; Minnesota over Northwestern, 30 to 29, and Michigan over Iowa, 31 to 27, As a result Northwestern went zooming down out of second place to make way for Ohio State and Michigan who are now tied for second, each team having won three games and lost two. Northwestern lodged in third place with a .600 average, while fourth place was a triple tie between Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois. Minnesota broke into the win column and advanced out of the cellar whil^ the Chicago Maroons are left with a double zero percentage in conference basement. Idle Teams Purdue, Illinois, Chicago and Ohio State were the teams idle last night. Indiana still keeps wobbling along, nosing out its opponents by a two or three point margin in each game. The problem seems to be can they keep up this margin of victory or will they let down just once too often? Since the Hoosiers and the Boilermakers ^ do not tangle this season because of the Big Ten system of scheduling, it will be up to some other conference team to take out the Bloomington rivals, always supposing that Lambert’s crew will be able to take care of their part of
the wins.
Boilermaker fans will see their team in action again on the first Saturday after the second semester begins when they meet Chicago in the Jefferson gymnasium. The following Monday night Lambert’s lads will play hosts to Ohio State’s Buckeyes. These two games should give the Purdue quintet enough action to work out the kinks accumulated during the period of final exams and registration. At present Indiana ranks above Purdue by virtue of two extra games played, but this margin will be evened when the Bloomington boys take their layoff for the end of semester
quizzes.
LOCKER HOLDERS
Lockers in the main locker rcom of the gymnasium must be renewed by Saturday a£ ibis week. Any material remaining in lockers at this time will be cleaned out. CLEVETT.
Phi Betas aren’t social bores, says Dr. Clarence W, Young, Colgate psychologist. He’s studied the
question for years.
if a Sandwieb a Drink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
JiMS , ^ m ini IMbl
mmvACMM
DRIVE IT YOURSELF— LATE MODEL SEDANS EspeciaBy Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
PLUMBING AND HEATING Laiie-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
SiSTpS! pairoT Clingino
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St, W. Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The Stickem
Lovely gals!... the greatest pair oT Clinging Vines that ever came to Kollidge. Clever no end I Can mend and label books, mount paper on the drav/ing board and help, in countless other places where paper or cloth must be stuck to eoch other or to wood, cloth, gloss or leather. Ask for 'em by nomel CHAS. M. HIGGINS & CO., 2719th St. Sklyo. K.Y.
HIGGINS'
DRAWING BOARD ii LIBRARY PASTE
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
DR, A. M, IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER , Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St, Opposite New Post Office
Dirmk Milk for More Eeergy Call JOHNSON Phone 413S2
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
Warm Friends ^ A Little Warmer
y
\
Hot chocolate topped with creamy marshmallow. And a chummy booth in the friendly Sweet Shop in which to enjoy it. What could he better on a cold day? \ I And during finals you’ll enjoy the relaxation that’s yours where every student feels at home.... in the
SWEET SHOP downstairs in the
Purdue Memorial Union 'The Corner of the Campus, Tet the Center of College Activities**
'Pi
' ! ifHf' I# *
m
§
I'-id
i-I
iwi
■ sTYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—^Por sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. G. P. Ebershoff, 6(16^ Mhbtt St.HWi<^^
For Rent-Second semester, excellent quiet study, private sleqpr in^ porch attached for instructor or upperclassman. ^16 Gharmcey. ■■76731.. ' ^
Wanted—Roommate, first fi<tor near bath; near University--410.p0. Also, one double room, first floor, garage—boys. Phone 36762.
Rooms—For four students with cooking privileges—-146 Pierce. Call 46802. Mrs. Christy.
Chamberlain’s Special For This Week—Cherry Custard and Vanilla. Order it—^it’s delicious.
Wanted—Student to share large double room vrith gentleman. Twin beds. 126 Andrew Place. Phone 2367.
For Rent—One large double room, 332 Westlutz; Call ^ after 2 p. m.
ATWATER KENT 7-tube radio —good one $8.00, also console R. C. A. radio $10. Back number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th St. '
Review By Associated Collegiate Press
"The greatest love-letter ever written” is in a collection at Haver-: ford. John Keats wi.iC it, a century ago, to “Fanny Brawne”. Abolition of states and diyision of thS; country into regionsi their boundaries dictated by economy and by cultures and traditiohaj was suggested by Dr. j. W. Manning, of the University of Kentucky.
, Emory Mercier, chef at St. Lawrence, made a pastry replica of the men’s dorm for Christmas. It is eight feet long. The University of Chicago has established a new chair of comparative law. Prof. Max Rheinstein, Nazi exile, was given the post. It took a statement from the president’s office to assure students of Alma College, Michigan, that the official bulletin erred in stating the last day of vacation as Jan. 2. It should have been Jan. 6*
Condition Esams in Applied Mechahica— AM 1—Saturday, Jan. 2B, 8-11. A. M., Pur. 101; AM 2—Saturday, Jan. 25, 1-4 P. M., Pur. 101. —POORMAN.
South Carolina has the highest illiteracy rate in the United States, according to a study of Professor James Karl Coleman.
College-age drivers cause the greatest number of accidents. In the 18-24 age bracket, 286,940 crashed last year. Ad in the Syracuse, N. Y. PostStandard: LADY’S PURSE—Containing Psi U, Phr Psi and Beta Theta Pi fraternity pins. Valuable to owner for sentimental reasons.
Co-ed Recreational Hour—^The Women’s Gym will be open daily at 4 for recreational activities (ping-pong, badminton, volleyball, shuffleboard, deck tennis) during the final exam peri^. Women may invite men as their guests. —HAZELTON.
German colleges and universities have lost between 30 and 40 per cent of their scientific instructors.
Co-ed Physical Education—Women students qualifying for license to teach physical education, should see Miss Hazelton about courses before end of exam period. Make appointments in the main office. —HAZELTON.
At Millsaps College “A” students pay considerably less tuition than those Who get lower grades.
twenty-sev^n fraternity and fline’ sorority housed. About one-third oi the students are, organized^ The rest of the students live in vafidus dorms built by the University. Meals are not served there, so the students group together and form eating clubs of about thirty members. The girls have to be in their residences by 10:30 week nights and 12:00 Saturday nights. They ate allowed six 2;30 dates and six 1:30 dates a quarter.' If they get home late to the dorm, they are met by “The Old Witch” who acts as night watchman and reports those who come in late. “How about school work ?” was the next question that was asked. After butting the cigarette that he had. just finished ^^qk^ Pollo<S: started; in again, Sfeafifpfd’s school year is as long as Purdue’s, but ;it is divided into quarters instead of seniestefs. Three quarters are as long as Purdue’s winter school, and the other quarter is Stanford’s summer school. The tuition per quarter is $116 and the lab fees run about fifteen dollars. Gonvo tickets are extra, but the school paper, which runs from six to eight pages, is included in the tuition. The ratio of engineering to liberal arts students is about one to three. The classes at Stanford and here are about the same size. The teachers at Purdue are a bit better, thinks our informant; at least they make the work seem much easier. The students at Stanford are not required to attend classes. If the student is not interested in the work, he is at liberty to cut the class. His absence makes the class smaller, and the instructor can spend more time with the students who are interested in the work. ' At Stanford the school does not follow a schedule through the student’s corriculum like the one we have here. The student can take a subject any time he pleases just so he has passed it by the time of graduation. The engineer at Stanford gets a broader engineering training, hut not so concentrated an
We also guarantee ey^ery" -garment we clean against moths for six: months, or until cleaned again. We use the MONITE moth preventive system. No extra charge for this service.
engineerihg training as lie does here. The first two years at Stanford are apent studying liberal arts courses, and the last two years are spent in studying the option the student desires to take. To get the work at Stanford that is given here ,in the senior year, the student would haye to start work on his master’s degree. There is a different system for tests, too. Here the instructors are always parading around the room bothering the students; at Stanford they have an honor system. Although it is not strictly enforced, there are never many signs of cheating. About this time Dave looked at his watch, “Well, boys,” he said, “I must be going.” With this remark he got uj) from the table and left the Blazer. Maybe he went home to
study.
ROAD SCHOOL— (Continued from page 1) to the utmost. Prof. Crandell cited the case of Germany, which is constructing 3,600 miles of fifty foot concrete
road, ten inches thick on a fourt;een inch; macadam base, “Gqfmany’s ne)y roads on hew locations malto many of our own through routes look amateurish by comparison;” he said. xj
Motion Pictures ‘
After Prof. Grandeil’s address two reels of- motion pictures were shown depicting a highway exploration trip' made into Mexico and Central America in connection with the location of the International
Pacific Highway,
The road school wiU continue today with a general session this morning, separate group meetings in the afternoon and the opening of the road show this evening. Registration has passed the 300 mark and the total is expected to go
above 500 today.
fi04 Mailt
The thinking; ieil6W :c*lla ,:A, YELLOW: . ,x Vr8:FORD :TAXI ^ mack Gars for Special: Qeeasiona , 26c per passenger any part: Pf the i city ' ■ '6022■:: SPHONES --SOli :■'' , ' YELLOW.CAB CO,: .
Go-ed Life Saving.—Meeting this evening at 7:30. —RUSSELL.
Women’s Open Swim—^Thursday evening from 7 :30 to 9 :30. —ELLIS. TIRED?(Continued from page 1) age at this certain time is one less than one-half of twice the number of full days that he is older than these even months and years. The square of the number of fuU days equals the product of the number of full days and the number of full months, plus seven. The number of minutes that he is older than the above years, months, and days, is equivalent to 5 times the square of one more than the quotient obtained by dividing one less than the number of full years by the number of full months'; Giving year, month, day, hour, and minute, answer the question, WHEN WAS HE BORN ?