1 ' ' 1
Purdue
X.1I*
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 166
Tuesday, April 30, 1940
Elliott Welcomes Rotary Boilermaker Baseball Squad Downs
Fighting Irish With Run In 12th Frame
Here For 26th Conference
Calling for a rededication of the common faith of Rotary and Purdue in the fundamental guarantees of the Bill of Rights, President Edward C. Elliott last night welcomed to the canjpus nearly 1,000 representatives of Rotary International for the twentysixth annual conference of Indiana districts 154 and 155. President Elliott and Allen L. ,— ■■■"
Oliver, Rotary International representative, presented the principal addresses of the banquet held last night in the Memorial Union ballrooms. Colorful pageantry preceded the evening session with three units of the Purdue Military Band and a group of Boy Scouts participating in the “Parade of the Nations.” Immediately following the speaking program, Rotarians danced in the Union ballrooms at the annual Gov-
ernor’s Ball.
Governors Nominated H. H. Kleinschmidt, of Gary, and Fred McK. Ruby, of Winchester, were nominated as governors of the two Indiana 'districts of Rotary and will be elected at the international
convention.
The Univer^y Concert Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, presented a group of songs before the speeches by Elliott and Oliver. “Roll Chariot,” written especially for the Choir was introduced at the banquet for the first
time.
Predicts Large Attendance Late yesterday, Charles W. Beese, of the Lafayette Rotary club, chairman of the conference committee, stated that 730 Rotarians representing 50 Indiana cities had registered for the conference. Beese predicted a total attendance of 1,250 by the close of the conference Tuesday
noon.
The Lafayette Rotary club, of which Eth Baugh, University alumni secretary, is president, is host to the visiting delegates. Governors of the two districts in convention here aie Russell L. Showalter, 165th district, of Anderson, and Gerald Edson Murray, 164th district of Rensselaer. ROTC Reviews Yesterday afternoon at 4:16 in the Fieldhouse the University ROTC passed in review for Rotary mem(Continued on page 4)
Dr. Lucia E. Tower Lectures Tonight To Senior Women Dr. Lucia E. Tower, Chicago physician, will address senior women tonight at 7:30 in the women’s lounge of theUnion. Tonight’s meeting will be the third in a aeries of four marital lectures sponsored by WSGA.
Dr. Tower’s topic will be “Hygiene of Marriage.” Although this is her first appearance of the current year, she has given other lectures here in the past. Last year’s marital lectures featured her. WSGA officials are urging all senior women to attend. Passports are required for admission. Last lecture of this series will be given May 13. Speaker for that lecture will be Dr. R. W. Gerard from the University of Chicago physiology department.
'Pardon Me' Distribution Rises; Eleven Hundred Copies Issued
By Maeta Kaplan Did you know that there are approximately 1100 polite people on our campus? That’s right, 1,100 copies of Georgann Schilling’s etiquette book. Pardon Me, have been distributed. Every sorority, fraternity, co-op house, and residence hall has received a copy. But you’re not too late yet to get your copy, they are still on sale at the West desk of the Union. PIA members can still get their copies at the PIA office. “Hey, you can’t do that! Right here on page nine, fourth line from the bottom, it says you shouldn’t ask a boy to an affair unless you’ve had at least one date with him. Better find out what kind of flowers go with the dress she’s going to wear to the formal. Pardon Me says to find out before ordering anything.” And so it goes in the small talk about the campus. Everybody’s quoting it and everybody’s heeding the advice it has to offer! But Pardon Me’s fame is not confined to Purdue’s campus alone. No, indeed! Its reputation is already being made on other campuses. Let-
ters have been received from many other universities requesting copies. High school deans of women have also written to Georgann and the PIA, through who’s auspices the book is being distributed, for copies. Fond mammas and pappas, English teachers, and librarians, all have sent in letters of request. An oft heard remark on campus runs something like this, “I’m sending a copy home to my little sister. She ought to know these etiquette answers before she comes to college.” Pardon Me’s author is brief but to the point in most of her comments. Dates, introductions, formal attire and manners, telephone manners, imports, in fact every common etiquette puzzler that might be met with on campus is discussed in the thirty-eight pages that compose the book. Especially interesting are “The Three G’s”—glances glares, and gripes. But then you’d better read it for yourself. And while I think about it, do pardon me; I just remembered someone else who ought to read the book— I’ll go send her one!
Strange Signs
Management Week Opens |fith Two Day Conference Management week at the Univer-
sity will open today with a two-day Institute in which emphasis vrill be placed on new developments, with approximately 250 leaders and workers in personnel and industrial relations as applied to industry and business expected to attend. A Conference on management will follow on Thursday and Friday to bring together those persons interested in the present day problems of man-
agement.
An address on “Management’s New Viewpoints Towards Personnel and Industrial Relations” will be delivered before a noon luncheon in the south ballroom of the Union today by Fred C. Kroeger of the Del-co-Remy Division, General Motors Corporation, Anderson. Afternoon Session The afternoon session will hear a presentation of the viewpoints of both the CIO and A F of L on “What’s New In Labor’s Bargain-
ing Program.”
As a finale to the Institute, Harold H. Swift, vice-chairman of Swift and Company, will speak before the annual dinner, tomorrow evening, on “Industrial Relations.” Other speakers during the session include Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Dr. Louise Stanley, and Wallace Clark, who will lead round table discussions. L. P. Lindelof, general president of the brotherhood of painters, decorators, and paper hangers of America, and George Rose of Indianapolis, a specialist in labor law, are among the speakers.
(AN EDITORIAL) . . . made their appearance on the campus yesterday afternoon and early this morning and have started some speculation as to their purpose. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re speaking about the signs which point out four of the oldest traditions at Purdue, Heavilon Hall, the Old Pump, Hello Walk, and Memorial Cross. These signs have been put in place to remind students of the traditions that are connected with each spot and also to point out for the benefit of a great number of students the fact that there is a tradition connected with that particular spot. Mindful that school spirit and ipterest in traditions has been gradually declining with the rapid growth of the University, one of the booster organizations has taken upon itself the task of reviving active interest in these customs which have been handed down from each succeeding generation of students. Mindful also that we will be entertaJning alumni returning for Gala Week beginning Friday, this group has chosen this week as being particularly timely for reviving some fading traditions. The signs which mark Heavilon Hall may seem slightly superfluous but their purpose is merely to remind students who walk around the tower instead of through it that they are doing so because for nearly half a century Boilermakers have kept alive this custom. (Continued on page four)
Carmody To Speak From Washington Friday Night As part of the Friday night opening program of the Hall of Music, John Carmody, director of all federal works programs will address the audience in a direct wire broadcast from Washington, D. C. Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University; David E. Ross, director of the Board of Trustees; and Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union, will also speak during the hour
dedicatory ceremony.
The symphonic band will open the Friday evening program, beginning at 7:30 o’clock. The glee club and concert choir will conclude the program, opened by Reverend J. W. Findley, director of the Pur-
due Westminster House.
Saturday night Lieutehant Governor Henry F. Schricker will speak Reverend Reese F. Thornton, will
give the invocation.
Friday evening’s program will be carried by radio station WLW, starting at 7:30. Friday noon WLS will originate their daily “Dinner Bell” program from the Hall of Music; the band, concert choir, and staff members completing the pro-
'King Of Jazz'
According to an announcement by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, all main floor seats have been sold for Friday night’s Music Hall opening. For Saturday night, approximately 350 tickets remain. Balcony seats are obtainable for each night. Tickets may be procured at the fiieldhouse ticket office by anyone. Price is one dollar apiece. gram. The program vdll be aired from 11:45 to 12:15. Both Friday and Saturday evenings WBAA will carry the opening ceremonies. Opening ceremonies both evenings will end at 8:15 with the concert starting at 8:30. Terminating the gala week prograip will be the annual AlumniSenior dance in both ballrooms starting Saturday night at 9 o’clock. One thousand tickets for the dance will be placed on sale at the West desk Thursday morning. Wednesday afternoon 100 tickets for the Saturday evening banquet will be placed on sale for seniors at the desk outside the Union sweet shop, ■^^ese tickets will admit the bearer tu the senior hop.
Playshop Tickets Playshop season ticket exchanges for reserved seat tickets began yesterday in the Playshop box office in Fowler Hall. Reserved seats for “Fresh Fields” may be obtained there every afternoon from 3 to S'.
. . . Paul Whiteman, who brings his 37 piece band to the campus Saturday, May 4, for the Class of 1940 Senior Hop. Airport Dance Tickets for the annual airport dance May 25, to be held at the University airport hangar will be available tomorrow at the West desk of the Union, at Deac’s, and from members of the Flying club. Tickets purchased before May 22 will receive a chance on a free ride with Mike Murphy in the Ryan. Student Hurt In Auto Accident On By-Pass Robert McKenzie, Sci. ’41, and George Williams of Indianapolis, were injured as their car turned over on its side in front of the State Police Headquarters yesterday at 4:15 p.m. Williams cut his right eye and was taken to the Home Hospital. McKenzie, who was only slightly injured, was treated at the scene of the accident.
Wargo's Fluke Single Scores MackiewiczFor3-2 Victory South Bend, April 29—(Special)—A fluke single off the bat of right fielder Dick Wargo scored co-captain Mackiewicz from third base in the first half of the 12th inning at South Bend yesterday afternoon to spell defeat for the Irish nine by a lone run margin, 3-2. Later in the same inning Wargo made a spectacular toss to third base to catch shortstop Ray Pinelli sliding into the hot corner to nip a desperate last minute rally and assure the Boilermakers of their hard earned victory. Despite the masterful six hit
ines Reasor
. . . HE *30, home economist on the Martha Logan test kitchen staff of Swift and company, will discuss “The Place of the Home Economist in the Commercial Food Field,” Thursday morning. May 2, in addresses to the junior and senior women’s institution management classes. The classes are conducted by Miss Edith Gamble.
Prof. William Turner, Shop Instructor, Dies; Funeral 2 p.m. Today Funeral services for the late Professor William Payson Turner, age 72, machine shop instructor for 52 years will be held this afternoon at 2 o’clock at the Bradshaw Funeral Home in Lafayette with Reverend W. R. Graham officiating. The Lafayette Commandery of the Knights Templar will be in charge of the services. Immediately (Continued on page 4)
twirling of Rex Ellis, Notre Dame basketball star, who held the invading Riveter nine to a sextet of hits, the winners bunched three of the hits in the final frame to score the vital game winning pair of runs. Don Blanken handled the pitching assignment for the victors, scattering the ten hits he allowed the Irish in fine shape until he was taken out after two outs in the 12th in favor of Bob Bailey in order to qualm the fierce counter-rally. Irish Fill Bases Notre Dame filled the bases in the initial inning, but were kept from scoring by the efficient mound strategy of Blanken. The Irish filled the bases again in the second inning and scored the first tally of the game as Blanken forced a run by walking Pinelli. The versatile Riveter athlete tightened up to retire the next 15 men to face him. Felix Mackiewicz scored the first Boilermaker rim in the fourth by virtue of a single, an error, a steal, and a low throw into the plate on Hearne’s grounder to short. Pitcher’s Duel The game reverted into a pitchers duel for the next eight innings, with neither team able to solve the deliveries of the rival slabmen. Ellis faced only 36 batters during the first 11 innings. Diminutive keystoner and leadoff man Henry McFerren sparked the winning rally in the 12th with a sharp bingle into center. After Vernon advanced, the sophomore ace, Elhs, fearing the mighty bat Mackiewicz, who had already accounted for a pair of hits, issued the Riveter third sacker an intentional pass. Pinch Hitter Lanky Wesley Waterhouse handled a pinch hitting assignment admirably with a bounding single between first and second to scoi^^ McFerren from second, and advance Mackiewicz to second. Wargo advanced the Gold and Black third baseman on an infield out. (Continued on page 4)
WBAA Presents Request For Aid From Student Fund Committee
P. H. Chin, from China; Brita M. Kraepelien from Sweden; William Hepburn from Canada, and Gerhard Van Biema from Germany formed a round table for discussion of the plight of student refugees in warring nations yesterday afternoon from 3:46 to 4 o’clock over radio station WBAA. The program was broadcasted in the interest of the Student Fund Committee, sponsored by student leaders, which is attempting to raise funds by popular subscription to aid foreign student refugees. Funds For Education It was brought out in the discussion that funds raised in the drive would be used to aid students in nations involved in war to continue their education. Chin said that he had personally witnessed the bombing of his university in eastern China and had had to walk 1,000 miles in the company of 348 other students and professors into central China where education could be continued. Study In Prison Van Biema reported that there are 900 Polish officers and students im-
prisoned in Germany, and said that the German government will allow the prisoners to continue their education in prison if books are sent to them. Hepburn remarked that universities in larger countries such as Canada, England, and France were not directly affected by the war, and that students are able to further their education without outside help. He expressed his admiration for the drive that “was going on to show the friendship of Americans to their fellow students who are in need.” Miss Kraepelien stated that students without resources on which to draw are continually pouring into the small neutral countries of Europe, and that if they can obtain the money the refugees will be able to continue their education in these countries. The Student Service Fund drive is now in progress on the < campus, and student ofi|cials charge that students contribute to contribution boxes which will be placed in various campus buildings.-
'M’Z
, -
PtIftDUE EZFOIIENT
Ttiesday, April 30/ 1940
it-
University Spanish Students To Present
'La Nochede Fiesta' University Spanish students will present “La Noche de Fiesta” tor morrow at 8 p. m. in the old faculty lounge of the Union. The play will feature exhibitions of the rhumba, tango, and bolero dances, and the use of the maracas, a Latin-Ameri-can musical instrument. Gloria Fox, Mexico, Eduardo Biascoechea, Puerto Rico, and Ernest Cortissoz, Columbia, South America, have the leading roles. Guests will be introduced to each of the Latin-American students. The 25 cent admission charge will be tm-ned over to the Foreign Student Service Fund Committee. This is a part of the intensive drive now on for funds to be divided between the Far Eastern Student Service Fund and the European Student Service Fund. Phi Kappa Sigs Take InterfraiernityGolf Sweeping through the recent interfratemity golf competition, Phi Kappa Sigma has emerged in the top-notch spot and rules as 1940 fraternity golf king. An average score of 39.5 for nine holes, amassed by golfers Bud Evers, Chuck Geise and Bob McQuillian, was enough to take the competition. Only ten fraternities. Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Chi, and Theta Tau, had their full quota of men finish the tourney, and the remaining fraternities who fail to turn in the necessary certified score cards will automatically forfeit participation points. Individual Championship To date, the intramural office reports that only sixty men, almost half the number that played in the tournament last fall, have signed up for the coming all-campus indi■\idual golf championship. No matter how good or bad a golfer, every class of player is being given a chance to play against competition in his own class, in this tourney. The contestants are to be divided into five flights. A, B, C, and D, on the basis of qualifying rounds of 18 holes, and the winner in each flight will be awarded a prize at the conclusion of the tourney. Prospective contestants can enter the competition by signing up on the list posted on thp Inti-amural bulletin board. Interfratemity Horseshoes Horseshoe playoffs will start tomorrow afternoon at 4:15. Each team is required to play two matches both Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, and the eight teams ■vvnth the highest percentages of ■ftfiris in the four match schedule, will play off the championship on Tuesday, May 7. Twenty-five participation points are to be awarded to all fraternities competing in the four preliminary matches, the winner of the competition being awarded five additional points, and three points going to the runner-up. In addition, a trophy and individual gold medals will be awarded to the winners, with individual silver medals going to the runner-up. Art Club Will Hear Sketching Lecture Members of the Art Club will hear a lecture on sketching at this week’s meeting which will be held tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the puttering room of the Union. Emphasis will be placed on sketching the head with work done from a skull and models. The John Herron Art Museum of Indianapolis loaned the club some lantern slides demonstrating sketch.ing techniques and they will be shown to the gathering. Betty Wickard . . . Sci. ’40,' recently won honorable mention in the annual college fellowship awards of the Tobe-Co-bura School for Fashion Careers in New York. Winners of the fashion fellowships are given a year’s tuition at the school. Miss Wickard is one of ten who received honorable mention.
Fashion Magazine To Choose Co-ed For College Editor By Rath Rose Are there any co-eds who have as their secret ambition the position of representing Purdue on the fashion editorial board for the college edition of one of the leading women’s fashion magazines ? If so, they now have a chance to enter the competition for such a job. Fashion-minded co-eds are offered an opportunity by Harper’s Bazaar to enter a contest to select the editors for their College Bazaar. There will be one editor selected from each college to take care of collecting and editing all the news from her campus. In addition to this she will be given special reports and research assignments. Entrance Requirements Entrants in the contest are required to write several articles on fashions and fads on their campus. They may also choose between planning fashion pages, college fashion shops or a fall issue of the magazine. The editor will be selected on the basis of her writing, on her fashion sense, and her alertness in observation and her feeling for news. The contest deadline has been set for June 5. Entries are to be sent to Harper’s Bazaar, New York City. Wesley Foundation Has Annual Retresit Wesley Foundation held its annual retreat for old and new council members last Sunday at Battle Ground. The outdoor worship service was led by Bonnie Swope and Rev. William A. McFadden. Scholarship awards were present;ed to‘ Cornelia Caldwell and Edward Brown, newly elected Wesley foundation heads, at a candlelight banquet sponsored by the foundation last Friday night. Gala Week Exhibit Opens Torhorrow Tomorrow will be the official opening day for the Camera club’s Gala Week exhibit which will be hung in the music room. The exhibit, which will include pictures by townspeople and staff members as well as students, will be the third exhibit this year. TJie exhibit is to be judged by Paul Tanco, local commercial photographer, Loomis Heston, local amateur photographer, and Jack Wells, staff artist of Haywood Publishing Company. Prizes are to be awarded in each of the four classifications in each of the three divisions. IM Schedules BASEBALL Tuesday, April 30 Diamond • 1 Ward 14 vs Faculty. 2 Ward 26 ys Ward 8. 3 Ward 11 vs Ward 5. 4 CH 12 vs CH 1. 6 CJI 14 vs CH 6. 6 CH 9 vs CH 7. 7 CH 4 vs CH 3., 8 CH B vs CH 8. 9 CH 13 vs CH 11. 10 CH 2 vs CH 10. TENNIS CLASS “A” DOUBLES Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Tau Delta. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Chi. Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta. Beta Theta Pi vs Acacia. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Gamma Delta. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu or Phi Gamma Delta. Theta Tau vs Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Upsilon. Sigma Nu vs Alpha Kappa Lambda or Delta Upsilon. i CLASS "A” SINGLES Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi. Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma. Sigma Nu vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma.
llAIlf
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO SMASH HITS
wiibQaude Rains Jeffrey Lynn • Eddie Albert —- PLUS —- INVISIBLE STRIPES — WITH — Gearge Raff - Jan Bryan Humphrey Bogart
PIA,'independent' Will Banquet Tonight Purdue Independent Association workers and Independent staff members will meet in rooms 322 and 324 of the Memorial Union tonigjit, at 6:30 for their annual joint banquet. University Controller R. B. Stewart will present the principal address. The freshman most active in PI A will be presented-the Lamb trophy, and the H. G. Reisner scholastic trophy will be awarded to the independent senior leaving the highest scholastic index for four years. Tickets for the banquet may be purchased from PIA members or in the Union building. Sixteen Freshmen Win Pledge BidsTo Alpha Lambda Delta Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen women’s honorary, will hold its pledging ceremony tonight at 7:30 in room 304 of the Union. To be eligible for pledging, a co-ed must attain a 5.00 index or better in one semester of her freshman year. Those eligible for pledging are: Alice Altherr, Dorothy Arvidson, Jane Ballard, Marjorie Bollman, Doris Bower, Roberta Buechele, Mary S. Johnson, and Marthaeunice McHaffie. Also, Bonnie McPherson, Sister Kathleen Riley, Janet Rossell, Helen Schickler, Phyllis Scholl, Mar.tha Jane Frost, Faith Wayne, and Marian Widmer. Plan Counselor Meeting In Coulter Hail TodafAt 4 Faculty advisors will meet today at 4 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall for their weekly meeting. Dr E. L. Kelly will speak on “Teaching Freshmen How To Study” and Dr. J. E. Walters will offer “A Time Schedule for the Freshmen.” Immediately f ollowing this meeting the student counselors will gather for their part of the meeting and will hear Dr. F. B. Knight give some “Hints on Counseling.” WSGA is cooperating with the personnel office in arranging for these meetings. , Paul Worcester ... Ag ’39, has been recently appointed to the staff of Everybody’s Poultry Magazine and will assume his position on June 1, dt- Hanover, Pa. At present he is employed on the Indiana Farmer’s Guide, where he has worked since graduating.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewritera. All makes, standard and psrtable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 60E Main street.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY , raomiCCRS MCTURES CIUtPOSATIOMiMfenuJ
Beast of Betllii
AND
BllliUlOn TAMm ^zWisri
— ALSO — BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE" CHAPTER I
ros HINT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all nisrht. Phone 71644.
Seniors Today is the LAST day for applications for commencemeitt tickets. Applicatiohs will be received from 4 to 5 o’clock this afternoon in the north room of the alumni offices in the west wing of the Umpn, senior passports being required. Seniors may apply* for a limited number of extra tickets, exclusive of the four tickets issued with payment of the diploma fee. Diploma fee may be paid any time until June 6. Tau Kappa Alpha ... national forensic honorary, recently announced the pledging of four University debaters. Those chosen must have participated in at least two Big Ten debates and be active in college debate circles. Prof. P. E. Lull is faculty advisor of the local chapter. Those pledged are Jeannette Morehouse, Richard Springgate, Seymour Udell, and Gordon Belles.
GklH AND BEAR IT
BjrUchfy
Notices
Freshmen EhiiEineeist All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annual banquet of the Purdue Student Chapter of American Society of Civil Engineers Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Liounge. 60 cents per plate. Tickets may be purchased at Union desk or in Main office of Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainment. —QUEBE.
PIA Chorus; Rehearse in room 807 from 4:16 to 6:80 p, m., Thursday, April 26. Other rehearsals will be held Fi^ay, April 26 at the same time, Monday, April 29 from 7 :S0 to 8:30 p. m., and Tuesday, April 30, at 4 :15 p. m. Every member must attend all rehearsals to take part in University Sing. —ARCHIBALD.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m. in east faculty lounge. —OLSON.
EE Open House Workers: Give John Nitsche a list of the signs you will n^ for your demonstration by Tuesday, April 30. —KEEN.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7 :30 p. m., at Sigma Nu house. —FRAZEE.
Christian Science Organization: Meeting will be held Tuesday, April 30, at 7 :80 p, m., iri room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation will be held Wednesday, May 1, at 7 p.m., in the Chemistry building. Pledges, do not wear best clothes. Initiation party will follow initiation. —HALL.
Sportswomen: There will be an important meeting Tuesday, April 30, at 5 p. m. in the WAA office, women’s gym. Everybody come. —MATHER.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following nien are scheduled as assist-, ant night editors the, next week: Zinski, April 30 ; Kolb, May 1st; Adams. May 2nd ; Amos, May 3rd ; and Stoeckel, May 4th. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
Silver Mask: Presence of all members will be greatly appreciated for the purpose of judging the fencing tournament. —PARK.
Fencers: All fencers report to the fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 30. —PARK.
POMM: All actives see Captain Thompson in Armory office as soon as possible. —McCAMMON.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Thursday, May 2, 7 :15 p. m. room 332. Dr. Sears will speak. —ESTEY.
Freshmen: Student Senate petitions are available at Senate office after 4 p. m. until Friday, May 3rd. One Home Ec, one Science, one Ag, one Pharmacy and Physical Ed combined, and four from all freshman engineers will be elected to sophomore positions. —WALLEY.
LOST AND FOUND Ia>8t: Block zipper purse containing keys, pen, money. Return to Ruth Parker, 403 Wood. 31643. Liberal reward.
FOR ICF GORE CRPUCni ■ lill IvIb vWIb WIib flWI# I WITH AN ICE CtIBER TdO CMf WMB
25
If you want- xL ^ ed a tubful B^l of cidies in two hoots, you could luiwe tiactn etudly in an icedaikb! Mine Onm enouglh ior any party or any emesepency or any weather. But this is only one of tiie mpny facta about this remarkable refidgerator that you ought to know before you buy angr aOxr type. Find out tod^ bow it keeps foods fretriber wife air-ocMwfftnm-ing; gives you over S0^% mom fo^ space for less nioaean saves you half the nsud pci^ LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078 4th & SALEM STREETS
%S0
'1%
■. i
' .'i .‘/V J./
Copr. IMO by Unitta Feature Syndicate, Inc. Tm. Be*. V. 8. Pal. On--All lt»hl* reaerved
“I’m certainly glad I’m not a man and have to go through all of that!”
Religious Council: Due to a conflict with the ,coo-op banquet, the picnic planned for May 8th will be changed to May 7th. There will be a 15e charge for food. —M ANGUS.
Sophomores: No student Senate petitions have been taken from Home Be, Science, M. E., Chem. and Met., and Pharmacy schools. Petitions are available at Senate office after four o’clock until Friday, May 3rd. —WALLEY.
Purdue Student Service Fund Committee : All student representatives please turn in money in room 328 of the Union, Wednesday, May 1st, between 8 and 10 p. m. —HOBBS.
Outing Club: Important business meeting in room 328 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Tuesday, April 30. Election of officers and discussion of plans for the trip to the dunes. —SHAWKINS.
Gold Peppers: Joint meeting of new and old actives in room 232 of Union at 5 p. m. on Thursday, May 2. Banquet movies will be shown. —MITCHELL.
Reamers: Reflectors will’be distributed in PIA office from 4 p. m. to 6 p. m., Wednesday and Thursday, May 2. Everyone be there! —MATTHEWS.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Co-ed edition today, April 30. All co-ed staff members work this afternoon at 4 at the Exponent Office. —SCHILLING.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Albert Dekker. Jonice Logan* Thomos Coley.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
nEUfsi
HIITIhe new film hit by the producer of "Ninotchka " is here I It’s swell!
MARGARET SULLAVAN JAMES STEWART in the Ernst Lubitsch Production TJ^SHOP /UUMIND THE CORNER with Frank MORGAN JbsbpIiSCHILDKRAUT PLUS—2ND FEATURE bash victor RATHBQNE'McUGLEN ■IIRID euiiiE RPIMT' 0
■ Hoof and Horn: Meeting in the Ag assembly, April 30 at 7 :30 p. m. Warren McVey, superintendent of the Purdue farm will speak. —HURST.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular) meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7 :46 p. nru in the
WSGA office.
-ZWIERLEIN.
Debris Staff: Picnic originally planned for Tuesday, April 30, postponed until Tuesday, May 7. Same plans will hold for this date. Watch for further noticed. , ^ - '—OGDEN. Glider Club: Meeting Thursday night at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —LOBEL.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday evening. May 1st in room 306 at 7 :00 p. m. Plans will be made for the Air Show. Tickets will be passed out for the dance. Those who haven’t paid 2nd semester dues will be dropped from the club if dues are not paid at this meeting. ' —KIMBALL.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
STARTS TODAY-WED. AND CONTINUES FOR 12 WEEKS
ARC
in
k ■Tuesda^r, 30, 1940
PUBt>DE EXP^N^NT
Michigan Links Squad Outpoints Riveter Golfers
Qhoksi
was his best crack of the current season.
Ar Bobart J. DedcarB One of the major motivating forces that operates in sports is that indefinable something—athletic gentry speaks of as “keen competition” —competition that often compels performances that arb brilliant, outstanding, record-breai —^fc— A fine example of keen conipetition bringing out a commendable performance is that of Forest ’Cher’s mark shot-putting at the rS^ cent Drake Relays, Des Moines, Iowa . . . The husky Boilermaker upped and hoisted the shot out for a “mere” 47 feet 10 inches, which
Even at that “Jake,” or Forest, managed to garner only a fourth place in the Relays’ shot-put event. . . . Undoubtedly practice was one of the major factors that made Weber toss out that fourth-place winning toss , . . But, as the thesis of today’s FC is keen competition v/hich, in our estimation, is of paramount importance to consider in any athletic event, we firmly believe that the top-notch individual athletes who competed against Weber brought from him just a little more push, just a little further heave, and a mark that Weber has not \touched all season.
The Tops in Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
THESE
BARCLAY SPURS
B Y
Getting into these new dresses is like sweeping the cobwebs off the sun. You’ll like their new fabric because its spun rayon and spun acetate are blended to look like linen. Le/f.’ Meadow Lark — A happy, horizontal print with little bows across the blouse. Grey, pink, green, copen. 9 to 17. Right: Rose Garden — Little roses printed to look like petit-point. Pirate collar to make you seem more daring than you arc. Blue, rust, rose. 9 to 17. $7.95
o(oe^
those in which he had to “bear down” and “nip the opposing team in the bud.” ... McClellan knows of which he is speaking because, in his day, this moundsman fumed Southern League batters away from the plate via the strikeout by the score.
Sophomore Clark Leads Wolverines To Five Point Victory With 7 0; Captain Hoffer, Me Daniel, Curran Head Local Linksmen
Iowa Tak^s Undisputed Lead In Conference Race
This is not only true in track, but in other athletic pastimes such as baseball, football, etc Chuck McClellan, a Memphis Chick pitcher in the Southern League, once said that his greatest pitched games were
With ten teams plunged deep into the heart of the current conference race in the fight for the Big Ten baseball crown, Iowa’s hard-hitting ball club emerges, at least for the present, as the toughest nine in the Big Ten, and the big obstacle standing in the way of any and all championship-aspiring teams in the Conference circuit. Putting out a powerful Wisconsin squad by a score of 5-0 last Friday, and then winding up the week-end with another victory over the Madison nine, sets the Hawkeyes up with a half-game margin which the Iowa lads have no intention of relinquishing.
On the wind-swept, rain-sprinkled, West Lafayette Country Club course, the highly touted Michigan golf team yesterday humbled a Riveter links squad by a 14 1-2 to 9 1-2 count. Phenominal shooting was the order of the day, against almost impossible climatic conditions. Clark, flashy Wolverine sophomore, registered a par shattering 70, which was one below standard par for the course, while shooting his last 18 holes. The Ann Arbor foursome previously overwhelmed such strong opponents as Tennessee, Georgia, Georgia Tech, Notre Dame, Ohio State, and Indiana.
An annoying rain pelted dowTi as the morning doubles matches got under way. In the first doubles, a classy Michigan team bested Hoffer and Dahl, 2% to 1%, while a twosome composed of McDaniel and Curran defeated the Wolverines second doubles combination by that
The mini, now trying hard to close the narrow half-game gap between themselves and the leaders, currently hold the number two spot by virtue of four wins in six conference games. The Champaign nine broke even with Ohio State in two games played during the past weekend, dropping the opener 4 to 1, but sweeping the Bucs before them in the second contest, for a 17-6 decision in which Illini Twirler John Pacotti hung up a five hit game, and his mates collected a grand total of 16 hits. Six-Way Tie Michigan and Indiana are now part of a six-way tie for third place after splitting the week-end games with the lads from Bloomington. Each team boasts a 50-50 record in the current standings, with both taking respites from conference competition for the immediate present, having games scheduled with Michigan State and Butler respectively. The Boilermakers, fighting hard to pull out of an ignominous seventh place, will be back playing conference ball on Ross-Ade field this coming week-end, host to the Ohio State contingent, who will be out trying to lift themselves out of the present six-way tie for third honors at the expense of the Riveters. Last
week-end’s battles with Chicago went half in half,'with the Boilermakers picking up the opening game 4 to 2, and dropping the nightcap 2 to 1. The first game featured a revived Bob Bailey who held the Maroon nine to a scanty five hits. NU, Minn. Idle Neither Northwestern nor Minnesota played conference ball during the past week-end, and will face each other this coming week-end with the Minnesota team endeavoring to pull itself out of the cellar position. Following is the schedule of conference battles for the coming week-
end:
Friday and Saturday—Chicago at Iowa, Michigan at Illinois, Indiana at Wisconsin, Ohio State at Purdue, Northwestern at Minnesota. The standings:
Trackmen Point For Third Consecutive Win Saturday Against Chicago Maroons
W
L
Pst
R
0pp.
R
Iowa
. 4
1
.800
21
11
Illinois
. 4
2
.667
38
27
Wisconsin
3
3
.500
31
18
Michigan .
2
2
.500
16
15
Indiana
1
1
.500
8
8
Northw’t’n
.2
2
.500
28
24
Ohio State
1
1
.500
10
18
Purdue ...
1
2
.333
5
6
Chicago
1
5
.167
17
47
Minnesota
0
0
.000
0
0
Striving to chalk up their third straight victory of the infant season, the Boilermaker track squad will face the Chicago thinlies Saturday morning in Ross-Ade Stadium. The meet, which will be one of the sporting attractions for Gala Week, will begin at 10 in the morning to allow visitors to view the football intrasquad game scheduled for the same afternoon. Weber Fourth The nine men of the Riveter team who participated in the Drake Relays returned home early yesterday to begin preparations for the Chicago dual meet. Weber garnered a fourth in the shot put event in the Des Moines relays with a toss of 47 feet and 10 inches, his best put of the season. The only other Boilermaker placements were a pair of fourths in the mile relay and medley relay races. Anthony, Shackleton, Simmons, and Fisher comprised the quartet which emerged fourth in a field of 18 entries in the mile jaunt.
identical score. Then both squads adjourned to the shelter of the club house to await the afternoon singles play. Clark Plenty Potent In the initial singles encounter, Clark defeated Goldstein 3 to 0. The following match saw the opposing captains meeting each other, with Captain Palmer of Michigan emerging victorious over Boilermaker captain Bob Hoffer, 2 to 1. The third singles was once again a case of Clark crushing his opposition as McDaniel fell 3 to 0. The Riveters came to the front when Dahl of the home forces outclassed Black 2^4 to %, and Curran shutout Osier 3 to 0. However, Tuesing of the Ann Arbor aggregation reversed the procedure and took Goldstein into camp by the same count of 3 to 0. Tricky Wind | Coach Harry Allspaw commented on the wind and remarked that it was exceedingly difficult to play. This marked the third consecutive match that wintry blasts have hampered the locals, once at South Bend against the Irish of Notre Dame and only last Saturday against Butler. McDaniel displayed some good golf in chalking up a 78 for his last 18 ^ holes. Illini Here Friday Continuing to meet stiff opposition, the Gold and Black will entertain the Illinois aggregatibn here on Friday. The Ilhni have a good reputation in the Western Conference and the West Lafayette links is expected to be the scene of some outstanding play.
FOLLOW THE BOILERMAKERS
Follow those smooth playing Boilermakers on their conquest for the Big Ten Championship.
If your car seems to be getting spring fever, sluggish, no pick-up, bring it in, we will I make it run like new—^make that motor purr like a kitten.
ECONOMICAL SERVICE AT ALL TIMES
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come Firat-S- 1"
^wwWB5aaiiiiliiri[ijiB>r|fa
»-E,
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 30, 1940
Strange Signs (Continued from page one) Memorial Cross is probably the most abused tradition on the campus. Because of its location on the floor of the great hall of the Union, many students walk on the Cross unintentionally. In case you don’t know its exact location, a small marker has been placed near the cross this eek. The spirit behind the tradition of Hello Walk IS one of the finest of any on the campus. Of late many students, apparently unaware of the tradition connected with the walk, which runs behind a group of evergreens between the entrance on State Street and University Hall, fail to salute passing classmates with the customary “Hello.” To let such a fine old tradition die vould be to the everlasting shame of the present generation of Boilermakers. If you have thoughtlessly neglected to speak on Hello Walk, perhaps the little signs will help remind you of the custom. The Old Pump or as it is frequently called, “The Devil’s Tool,” is the old time worn implement which stands on the edge of the campus on the State Street side, south of University Hall along the iron fence. The pump formerly stood outside the old boy’s dormitory, since remo^ed. and was the scene of many engagements between the Devils as the occupants of the dormitory were known, and any who chose to defy the supremacy of the Devils in a good old fashioned water fight. A great many freshmen, and upperclassmen too, have never found the pump Today it is clearly marked. Make it a point to locate it! Later this week, the Old Oaken Bucket will be placed on display in the Union. Few Boiler-
Purdue Exponent
R. B. Inder W. B. Smith
... Edlt«r-lm-ChM . BmrincM Vanavar
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, ataaasrine editor; M. Antonini, •enior adrertisiaK aianacMr; G. Schilling, ec-ed editor; R. Jenkins, speiia editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Contrrees of March >, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the re^ar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Fletcher Ass’t Night Editor, Novey Day Editor, Justin Tuesday, April 30 1940
makers do not know the traditions about the Bucket, but a great many have never seen the prized container for which Boilermaker football teams fight so determinedly against Indiana. We realize that tradition is something which cannot be synthetically produced on a campus. Tradition is born out of many fond associations, something intangible which students grow to love and revere. If a student gets nothing but a degree out of his four year stay here on the campus, he has been cheated. If he fails to feel the spirit behind the great mass of steel, brick, and mortar, he has missed a great deal of that which Purdue has to offer ... the things which he can look back on with fond memories. It is for these intangibles that Purdue traditions and spirit must live! Let’s keep them alWe by active participation! —^R. W. D.
Elliott Welcoines (Continued fiom page 1) bers At 3 p m both districts lepiesented at the confeience met in separate business sessions in the east faculty lounge of the Union The morning session yesterday V as opened by Chairman Beese, who officially called the conference to oidei Invocation was delivered by the Rev T Fred Williams of Tiinity Methodist Church Group singing vas led by Albert P. Stewait, University diiector of choial organizations Eth Baugh piesented the welcoming address to delegates, and response was given by 155th District Governor, Gerald Murray. Allen Olivei, Rotaiy International’s official repi esentative at the local convention described the world-wide growth of Rotary, stating that the organization had a membership of over 200,000 in 5000 clubs. Esther Latzke . . the “Mane Gifford” of the home economics department of Armour and Company will be here today at 11 a m to talk to the class in survey of home economics in the home ec auditorium. She will give a demonstration in meat cookery for the class in commeicial demonstration.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Andrew Nelson, Scheffield, Penn.; Edward Lewiecki, South Bend; and LeRoy McAllister, New Carlisle.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr Everythirig for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RI«C DR HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Pftono 5701
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
e jewelers
• Dine
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 AAein St, 5e PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Florists Dorner's Flower Shop ^ Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
66T9
I’ll Never Again Worry About Sending Clothes
to the Cleaners”
That’s what one of our new customers said to us the other day. “You did such a beautiful job, I’ll never worry again.”
Crown Laundry I m HLE e L E A"ll E R S OF FINE C L O T J E S
Boilermaker Baseball (Continued from page 1) Hard hitting Dick Wargo, while attempting to get out of the way of a high inside pitch, allowed his bat to get in the way of the ball with the result a slow rolling tantalizer between short and third. Wide awake base running on the part of both Mackiewicz and Wargo saw the former sliding into home for what proved to be the winning marker and the latter reaching first safely on the play. Irish Threaten Th Irish’s final death clutch fell just short of being successful as Wargo fielded a hit from the bat of third baseman Sullivan to make a beautiful toss to third and catch the runner for the final out after one lun had already scored on the play. Errorless fielding on the part of Riveter nine proved a strong factor in the outcome of the game. The Irish committed a total of four miscues duiing the extia inning contest
PURDUE McFerren, 2b. Vernon, cf. Mackiewicz, 3b. Stamm, If. Yeager, rf. Hearne, ss, Wargo, rf. Smithson, lb. Young, c. Fisher, c. Blanken, p Bailey, p. xWaterhouse jxHiggins Totals NOTRE DAME Sobek, 2b. Crane, if. Pinelli, ss. Sullivan, 3b. Overbruner, If. Chlebeck, cf. Farrell, lb. B. Crimmms, c Ellis, p ■"C Cummins Totals
AB R H O E 5 116 0 4 0 0 1 0 .42210 4 0 0 1 0
0 0 0 0 0
5 0 0 1 0 4 0 12 0 5 0 1 20 0 4^0 0 4 0 0 '"o 0 0 0 3 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0
39 3 6 36 0 AB R H O E 6 0 3 4 0
0 0
0 0 0 2 12 14 1 13 0
3 1
0 2 10 0 0 1 10 0 10 10 0 0 0 0
42 2 10 36 4
Prof. Turner (Continued frotn page 1) following the services, the body will be shipped for burial to his birth place at Isle au Haut off the coast of Maine. Professor Turner had the distinction of bringing good luck at baccalaureate and commencement exercises because it hasn't rained for the 25 years that he was marshal of the services. He was the designer of several mechanical devices and the author of a text book on machine tool construction and numerous technical articles. In June, 1938, Professor Turner retired from the teaching staff of Purdue.
Score by innings: Purdue . 000100 000 002—3 6 0 N. D 010 000 000 001—2 10 4 X—Batted for Stamm in 12th. XX—^Ran for Waterhouse in 12th. —Batted for Ellis m 12th.
AMERICA’S BUSIEST
CIGARETTE ...at eve/y comerits Chesterfield • •. focfo/’s definitely milder. •. cooler^ smoking,.. better^tasting cigarette When you buy a pack of cigarettes, give it the smoker’s perfect quiz ... Is it mild? Is it cool? Does it taste better? If you do * that, you’ll turn by choice to Chesterfield because Chesterfield has all the answers. Their blend of the best tobaccos grown, their size, shape and the way they burn, all help to make Chesterfield America’s
Busiest Cigarette,
Make your next pa^k Chesterfield You can’t buy a better Cigarette
^opjrtlght 1940,
Liggbit <c Mybrs Tobacco Co.
f r
A'
< r]