1
>>?*'! V .V '"j^’',r.t '< < ' ' ' •'/l
ml 4’
I
i
i
ml 4’
1
»"'I.
.'■W/ '
fl .H ) i»t<-
r>M£aaY-GO-RdUND
W ' -
U Discusses Mica
^ -V ^ *■
,:; Anti-Trust Suit
EstftbUshedlSSI
We’ll Miss Them
oad School Meets For Annual 3-Day Session
Purduetfes Will Appear Saturday
Stewart To Direct Musical Convocation In Music Hall
Pike Tells Conferees Of Need I For Post-War Highway Plans
"Purduettes will make their first IVtusic Hall appearance when they perform in the musical organizations convocation Saturday. (^ther campus musical groups which will take part in the evening program, which begins at 8, will be the glee club, the University orchestra and choir. the group was oi'ganized by Albert P. Stewart, director of musical /TBiXjianizations, to sing for service men and before conferences and or-
Coeds, Women’s Club Continue Bond Selling
Drive In Second Week Blood Donors
Fill Quotas
Graduation For AST Men To Be Held Friday
Will Hold 'Military Ball' After Ceremonies In Union Ballroom For Soldiers, Dates
Frosh Eds To Begin Wac Officer Nominating Queens Will Recruit At Friday Meeting In Union At 4
Kaymond L. Pike, director of the Indiana Economic Council, gave the keynote address of the thirtieth annual Koad School which ends tomorrow, emphasizing the need for planning now all post-war projects in highway construction. Pike believes that a large number of wellplanned projects will be the best insurance against need for another re-
lief program.
G. O. Mott, assistant professor of
Coeds helping in the fourth war bond drive have reported that after a week of soliciting in the Home Economics cafeteria, Union cafe-
gahiZations. They will be featured , . ,
„ Cl i > • u teria and the Chestnut room they on Saturday’s program m a number , ,, . , , ,
of popular selections.
. Coeds who make up the Purduettbs are Jean Bacon, Jean Crane,
have sold nine war bonds whose present value amounts to $750. The
For February
Februaiy 4 the freshmen eds Eepresentatives from the Air
This Friday night the second have planned a smoker in the fac- Wacs, a new branch recently opened
class of University Army special- ulty lounge at 7:30. Pictures of the to women, will be in room 263 of the agronomy at the University, disized training soldiers is to the grad- 1943 Purdue-Indiana football game Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. for all cussed the results of experiments uated at the Music Hall. will be shown and there will be pre- interested students. Capt. Edwin with turf on granular materials. The group of 157 men is tenta- liminary balloting for fi’eshman Stein, public relations officer at while Ralph Fadum, assistant protively composed of 114 personnel queen. Stout Field, and Lt. Eleanoij,> Gar- fessor of Soil mechanics, illustrated psychology students, 10 civil, 8 elec- A1 Stewart, director of the Uni- low, commanding officer of the Wac factors that should be considered in trical, 14 mechanical and 11 chem- versity glee club, will lead songs and department of the troop carrier the design of bridge foundations,
ical engineers. Red Mackey will provide a running^ command at Stout Field, will answer Afternoon Meetings
James How- commentary for the movies. Pass- questions about this new branch.
According to Capt. James tiow- “ ’’T'-itun.o ,1^... afternoon state highway
Students as Well as townspeople ard, who is in charge of the pro- needed for admittance Air Wacs have proved their abil- maintenance men and state highway quota for the four week period is answered the call issued by the Red gram, elaborate ceremonies have smoker. - itigg in assignments at AAF train- construction men held separate ses-
Muriel Hooper Ruth Ralston Bettv arranged for the trainees. Col. f ing stations and air bases. They while all city and county ofSwu le pe , Kuth s on^ e y drive, with the national quota All reservations for the session be- D. M. Beere, commandant of the announced that all fresh- direct plane traffic at the fields, cials met in a joint session. Speak-
set at $40,000,000. ginning February 1 through Febru- 1646th service unit, is to speak to ^ candidate in mind maintain flight logs and weather gj.g afternoon were Prof. Don
O’Hara Bettv Plagg Wilma lean Representatives of the University ary 3 are completely filled, accord- the graduating class, and President for freshman queen should write her records, repair precision instru- Bloodgood, University sanitary Polmor-' anri Movievio y.nmotoivi Women’s Club began the sale of war fo Dwight J. O’FeiTal, chairman Elliott will make the presentation address on a piece o£ pa- ments and airplane electrical cir- engineer; Lowell E. Gregg, research
Wedge, Phyllis Underwood, Lucille Nitsche, Mary Lou Hole, Marilyn
Palmer and Marjorie Zumstein. Dorothy Martin is the accompanist
for the group.
Rabinoff Featured
As guest artist on the all musical organizations convocation will be Benno Rabinoff, American violinist, and his accompanist, Sylvia Smith, who is a concert artist also.
stamps and registration for war of fbe Tippecanoe County blood of the official AST certificates, bonds at the West Lafayette post donor service. Symphonic Band to Play office Tuesday and will continue the The next visit of the mobile unit Prof. Emrick and the University project until February 15. which serves this county is sched- symphonic band will furnish part of Mrs. Howard Enders is in charge ^^od for April 11, 12 and 13. The the musical program by playing of the women representing the sci- service is open to anyone interested, four selections, which will include ence and history departments. Mrs. Registrations are being accepted at “Hail Purdue” and “The Star SpanR. Raudebaugh, representing the temporary Red Cross headquarters, gled Banner.” In addition A1 Stew-
per and bring it to the smoker. From cuits and handle plot maps. They engineer 'of the joint highway re.
these ballots the Gi’een Potters also serve as laboratory technicians,
board will select ten candidates.
search project, and Prof. C. A. Ellis,
^ ^ synchronize ^^le University structural engi-
Final elections will be held at the propellers.
Green Potters ball, when the fresh-
man queen and four attendants will III at r •i W t
Ufiiversity Soil Expert
civil engineering and physical edu-
Admission to the convocation will cation, will sell on February 7 and be the same as for regular Univer- g. Mrs. James R. Wiley, agriculture sity affairs. Students will be ad- and home economics, will sell on 'itiitted on presentation of their pass- February 11 and 12; Mrs. F. P. ports, sei-vice men by social recrea- Butorac will represent the Navy; tion cards, general public by con- Mrs. E: H. Hicks, Army, will sell vocation tickets or by general ad- on January 20 and 21; Mrs. T. K. nfission tickets to be purchased for Sanders, mechanical engineering,
55 cents at the door.
4995.
Committee Announces Commencement Plans
Approximately 200 students will receive their diplomas and degrees
will sell on Januai-y 22, 28 and 29; Mrs. W. A. Knapp, engineers, will sell on January 24 and 26; Mrs. G.
L. Jenkins, pharmacy, will sell on yesterday afternoon. The commitJanuary 26 and 27; Mrs. J. L. Bray, approved plans for the cornchemical engineering, will sell on i^'^ehcement, which will be at 2:30 January 31 and February 1; Mi’s. P’ Music Hall. F. B. Knight, education, will sell on To eliminate the mixed attire of February 2 and 3, and Mrs. W. M. the graduating seniors it has been
At a special meeting of the Re- Hepburn, library, will sell on Feb- made compulsory for members of
art and the Army members of the University glee club will offer a
series of vocal numbers.
The program will be opened with the invocation by Rev. John W. Findley and Rev. Edward J. Holland will deliver the benediction at the conclusion of the ceremonies. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the de-
be selected. All freshman girls living on campus are eligible for elec-
tion.
Dienner, Meikle To Fill VaiEancies In Research Foundation Membership.
Sunday, February 27, according to Pai’tment of education and psycholthe executive committee, which met graduation ad-
Mail Service Cuts V-Mail Delivery Time
Takes New Position With Government
neering department. Mark 0. Ward of the B. F. Goodrich Company declared that America has licked the rubber shortage because of the increase in synthetic rubber production, but civilian tire shortages will
continue for some time.
Monday evening a smoker sponsored by the local chapter of the Indiana Society of Professional En-
gineers was held. Meetings Today
Today’s program will consist of
G. D. Bedell, associate soil scientist, has been assigned by the U. S. Department of Agriculture, soil
conservation, to the staff of the In- ®P®‘=i^l separate sessions of groups diana agricultural hydrologic stud- morning^ and in the afternoon.
Improvement in Navy V-mail ser- ies at the University. This reseateh session for the presenta-
dress on the topic: “Life Is Fighting vice has cut delivery time to the project is being conducted cooper- of results of the joint highway To Be Met with Courage.” extent that letters reach addresses atively by the soil conservation ser- research project at the University. Souvenir programs are being pre- in various areas of the world within vice aird the University Agricul- Tomorrow there will be a panel pared for distribution to each mem- the following average periods of turaF Experiment Station to study discussion on all phases of rural, ber of the graduating class. These time: Alaska, six days; England, fundamentals of soil-water relation- ^i^d town highway and street special programs will include the eight days; Africa, Central Pacific ships and methods of land use and problems, answering previously
search Foundation this week John ruary 4 and 5.
E. Dienner, patent attorney of Chicago, who was named a director to fill the unexpired term of the late David E. Ross, and G. Stanley Meik\e, director of the foundation, were elected to membership in the foundation, succeeding Ross and J. R.
Francis.
Automotive Engineers To Meet Tonight At 7:30
the class to wear caps and gowns. BeerThis was left optional in a preceding
graduation.
names of all the graduates, pictures and Samoa, 12 days; Australia, New management to reduce floods,
of the campus, remarks by Col. Zealand and New Caledonia, 14
submitted questions.
by permission from the president’s office./The usual academic proces-
University student branch of sion Will take place and President
the Society of Automotive Engi- Elliott will speak.
The work is under the general di-
e and President Elliott and the days. ^ g
program of the exercises. A V-mail letter takes Compara- vationist and agricultural engineer
Candidates for decrees must at- graduation, which will start tively little longer to reach its des- t^e soil conservation service. The tend the rfeises unless excused agricultural station is represented
in the project by the agricultural
MafthewSr Straszheim, Oberhelmen, Parvis Attend Food Meeting
Dean A. A. Potter of the engi- >^®®rs will meet tonight in room 3
neering schools; Paul Klopsteg,Cen- of t^e Mechanical Engineering Clnk vr Ti Building: at 7:30. The meeting: will VjVfCICr \^IUU
Following the commencement ex- print it at the delivery point,
ercises there will be a “Military
Ball” in the north ballroom of the takes less than 2 per cent of the
Union for the soldiers and their space and weight of regular mail, Kohnke'as collaborator
dates. Differing from past dances thus releasing valuable cai’go space
announces the election of of- of this sort at the University, the for transporting vital materials and
National food conservation meet-
Fills Vacancy
vice of the U. S. Department of Agriculture from January 12 to 15 in Chicago. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Home Economics school.
trainees and is open to all other ser- dated air mail letter. That time is
vice men and civilians who wish to required to photograph the letter at prio-incpvino- Hpnnrf-mpnt riv H T com., the mailing point and to develop and S ™ ehS, with pTof L d! Mayer
designated as collaboratol-, and by
Advantage of V-mail is that it agronomy department. Dr. G. ''^^® T’y fh® extension ser-
^ ^ D. Scarseth, chief, with Pi’of. H
tr<.l Scientific Company; Dr. H. B. Building at 7:30. The meeting will "" ' ■"
Hass, head of the chemisti’y depai’t- ®®*^sist of a shoi’t business session
ment, and Carl Miner, head of the a'^DebriT^nfcture^'ina^^be f'®®'^'® ^^st week. Officers include ball will be informal for the girls, minimizing the possibility of for- Bedell fills a vacancy on the Misses Marie Straszheim and Lois A~'. movie»l-[. he Loron Bright, prentdontt BtohCnn- ™ ""nt'a^rS^l^ Alumni councilors are Don R. Ber- ® ° nmgham, vice chancelloi, John Lo YWT^ A ^ position in Parvis of the education staff P • fek, secretary, and Arthur William, I the agronomy department of the attended the discussion of the pres-
will onen a uew serieg of hnll University. Mr. Bedell is a gradu- ervation of food in 1944. p 1 a new se les of bull ^i-g gj Michigan State College and Methods of preserving dehvdratsessions at 4 p. m. tomorrow in their ^j^g g^pj^y ^Vlethods pt preserving, dehydiat wil meet tonight m the lounge office in the Union. “Marriage” will conservation service for ten years
ot the Un.iversity Church. Several be the subject under discussion with members have read books on peace Mrs. Gayle Cole acting as student plans and will give resumes which leader. Prof. James will be resource will serve as a^basis for the group leader for the session. All students discussion. i are welcome to attend.
lin, airplane designer; C. C. Furnas,
research director of the Curtiss- Membership in the society is open treasurer. Wright Corporation; R. H. George, 't® production, sales, chemical, met-
television expert; Earl T. McKee of allurgical and electrical engineers excellent flying weaththe chemistry staff; Roscoe W. Sey- well as designers of air craft en- er of the last few weeks several bojd, vice president and controller of gmes. , pilots have recently soloed, includthe Westinghouse company, and Col. Prof. 0. C. Cromer of the mechan- ing Dick Moore, Bob Eger and NorJohn W. Wheeler, former Univer- ical engineering school is faculty laan Olmstead, who soloed last Sun-
IRC
as a soil scientist and a farm plan-
ner in Ohio and Michigan.
sity trustee, now on active military
duty.
adviser for the group.
day.
K9rr, Eaton, Marshall Attend AIEE Conference
4-H Club Sponsors
To encourage young people at
Professors J. H. Kair, J. B. Eaton home to keep in touch with the
and R. B. Marshall of the electrical fighting men from their communiengineering school are representing ties the 4H has launched the “Letter the University at the mid-winter a Month Club” for the 60,000 club
meeting of the AIEE at New York members in Indiana.
City this week. The plan is being explained by the
Prof. Karr will present a paper publicity office of the University and
titled “Design of Starting Wind- by the Periscope, the publication of
ings for Split Phase Induction Mo- the club
Letter Writing Club Methods Go Modern . . . Films Replace Former Field Trips Of P re-War Sociology Classes
Photography Club To Hold Meeting
ing, drying, canning, freezing and brining were discussed. The trouble with home dehydraters and canners that are now on the market and the need for uniform directions to be worked out on canning and drying were reviewed for the magazine women and the home economics department women that were present.
By Nita Garrett
Camera Club will meet in room 356 in the Union at 6:15 p. m. today. This club is open to all service men as well as civilians who are interested in photography. At this meeting it is planned that the new constitution, drawn up by a committee with Dan Bopp as chairman, will be ratified and an election of
officers held.
Plans will be discussed for the
Prof. J. R. Leevy of the education pie, life in Eskimo communities and state institutions, such as the school
'^^® activity has been applied psychology department Indian tribes, and recently pictures for boys at Plainfield or the Indiana Programs of future meetings, for an
tors” and Prof. Marshall will pie- planned to bolster the morale of the believes that “sociology can’t of life in neighboring countries like state penal farm. On these records organization of
gent, a paper entitled Multiplied men in the armed forces and to pi-o- be taught well by means of text- Mexico have been used. The films the physical layout of the place is ^
come in at various intervals and are described and the superintendent or
sent a paper entitled
Deflection AC Potentiemeter.'' vide a tangible activity for the or- books and lectures alone.”
Prof. Eaton serves on certain ganization.
phases of technical committee work Extension Workers Attend Conference
be utilized by all students.
The three men will represent the University at the Navy program, a separate part of the AIEE meeting.
In the rosy days before the war stopped nonessential travel sociology classes made extended field trips to various cities and institu-
University Church
worked into the content of the warden is asked to outline the phicourse. losophy of rehabilitation on which
After the war Prof. Leevy hopes the place operates, to direct student filmed movies of Gain First-Hand Information
tions in the state to study social sociological material to be used in Before the students write scripts
T'hirty county extension workers conditions at first hand. Now war class work. In the process of mak- they investigate all the literature from the surrounding counties at- has stopped all but a minimum of ing films, of course, students will on the subject. Each student asks tended the district conference here such work and the sociology depart- gam a background in existing social a question and helps interview the
/’. . . will hold an open house from January 17 in the Union, and Eric ment has been busy devising substi- conditions. superintendent or warden. /^Thus a 7 to 11 on Friday evening. The Holm of the 4H staff presented a tutes for field trips. Recordings at present are helping small number of advanced ttudents Wright Field trainees are to be discussion emphasizing leadership This semester, for the first time, to fill in for field work. With the co- get fiist-hand experience while the Modern Dance 9:50 guests at this party. There will be for 1944. The conference is held sound films have been used as teach- operation of WBAA in preparing classes in which the records are Pictures will be taken in the games, refreshments and dancing monthly and the 4H club depart- ing material in sociology classes. In the scripts Prof. Leevy and small used as teaeliing material get a more south ballroom of the Union at fqr all students and service men in ment takes part in the program once sociology 75 films showing the cul- groups of three or four students vivid picture of what state institu- times indicated, the recreation rooms of the church, a year. tures of various peoples, for exam- from advanced Masses visit various tions are really like. CHAIRMAN.
Debris
Picture Schedule Special Note for Thursday,
January 27
P. Men’s Club .. . 9:10 WAA 9:20 Dolphin Club , .. ,. 9:30 Triton ' 9:40
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Donald C. Anderson Robert S. Buzard Milford M. Cheney Horace N. Davidon Kendall E. Gilbert Joseph K. Goldsmith William H. Guernsey Richard P. Hummel Leslie A. Koenig Ralph L. Merrill John R. McWhorter Mano R. Pagliarulo George M. Palmer Jr. Wayne K. Price William W. Schenler Davis M. Shryer Thomas H. Spitler Eugene Usdin
Freshmen
. . . who started on or before November 1, 1943, can proclaim tho wealing of the gieeu a thing of tljapast. Freshmen Wednesday night held the annual pot bui’niug ritual on Stuart Field and henceforth yrm no longer have to wear their pots»
EDITORIAL ‘ ' Praises Recent Speakers5®
XiL
/ k f*?
< s ,5
,i \
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 23, 1944
Purdue Exponent qtie WKHMfiTOK
MERRY-GO-R&itlti
GRIN
B^tk%
combined with
J Purdue Irtdependeni' Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 Editori'l Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Hu inc«;‘5 M'innper <.« *5 Lf H >r M mnunff Tdltor ^^70 I'i 1 d t r
Fills Mnrph Mary DiU ■'W lUiam H Tysoi ( aroljn V/iIbui Ku‘5‘'iU \1 Ljpes J
ciate Editors
Groliu^ ] imc T. Kk 1 ii I Xfi n lai 1 n k. \ \ 14 lli
Kit Hues
A‘*''Ocin1p Sooils Editors Tnmc \\ ill ail Guber ^^n^(.nC r bdMcc Stiff Morn B 1 ir C lac] Mailir J'l^ Ncvniin t
Fublicarton Staff
Editornl Sloff
Hck \lbctt Kulh M Ford Madelyn A Ivk 1 II I M ir^aiot \ Gtclles Jam \ 1 14 111 A1 u n Mailha 1 cc Rigt.
^ck inian P uil Garbe
ilrKl Elias Loo Fnedmar \i\ Kotttmt Bob Baker
Business Staff Advertisinfi: Marnier C L Gaunt • Ass‘*1 ant ertibinp Maimgcr Bclty Maaey Circulation Manager R C Saucininn Staff For This Issue \jgti I tiifor (. I 1 ni> Lditor Mine Cl \ Ftifoe Ennet Is^uo rdilo s Yarcar Gcorgeso H poiteVi 1 liicn 1 1 on Hit I old Mnitin \ an Licw Cc I ! 1 h n 1 Mb M It? Stuctei
Sta0 Photographer W C Tolhcr Editor The Purdue Independent
Lyle CriE
Entered as second cla <= matter at the post office In Lafay ette Ind ana find r the act if Congress of March 8, 187t an 1 at the special i itc of I ostage provided for in sectioi 1107 lot f Oc ( or 111 nth nzol Tanuary 20 192 Pul 1 hed on I ics id Ilnrsliy ml Sat iiday mornings dur int, the > ir e\tei t cert in v cat on i criods Delivered, dail I-( c ruer fer I’’ for i semest r bj mail for $160 for s n tci ^ b crii ti nb maj le ol tamed at the Exponen off or at the W c t Dc 1 of tl Ui ion 1 pr set ted i r lalional idvcrtising by National Advertiiirg S vice lie Coll c 1 lUishcrs Representatives, 4Zi M d on Ace New \o h N Y
Science Of Living
'/
Too
a coincidence the campus has been piivilc'gccl tlinnm Ibe past i\eek to heai the opinions ot 0 \\Gil kno\Mi peisonages on postwai tiends, not necc=sai ily lolkm mg- the same theme but each dealing with lesponsihilitieb oi the people u- a \ hole and each giving valuable infoimvnon and mbpiiing woith-while inought on the pait of the listeneis it s ems mat AV/S and the Wesley and T il I rcundations aic to he commended foi h i ictio IS in ‘•f cuimg the speakeis, and esla ^ ho. at 01 h\o in beginning the foium ' mu mg eatio’s noted speakeis We 0 m e^ cf \ succ ss 11 i.se ict ol the speakeis is lathei r a mn h i the eampus The niimbei of outside speikeis appealing heie on other ehi lea^ sibiects duimg the last two 0 lip obabh he counted on two hands I ucu’a ioi stucleiito in cngineeiing and me n ved as home economics offei not mt h opnjiLimlv to become veil founded in the ®0Cci ail pci onal ielation problems hicxi conn out peonle today and will conlront hen ni the liuiue So it is quite necessaiy that some means toi tuithei educating stnclci ts IS npcessal^ dheio aie ceitain oigamzations on the c'lp pm to ui-bt-iiKo tin International Relati j IS C'uo Li-ie Tov 11 h oi um, and on occasions O'Shee Ol gam/at ion b, which discuss cm lent pioVcm'- Hm e\ei, then influence and then capacili foi inteiesting the laige body of students i Innilc,d Theiefoie we suggest outside ni'^akei On tin othc.1 hand it has been quite noticeab’e that the student inteiested in technical v^tucly IS not at all inteiested as a lule in such pioblems, as is cMclenced by the comment of himine^s men hijing giacluatcs, who deploie then lack of knowledge along this line This fact, chci efoi c mdicaten that students in technical '•ubicc+s should he inteiested in social pnohlcms thiough othei medium than the classioom Again the comments ol scnicc men to the efidrt tl it tin cam oils, meaning the student hod\ cern to bf behind the times wdien it con ■‘o anpi (c anon of gencial woikl pioblems z id 11 at llu epithet, thinking joung inoc fills wliich is so ollen applied to college tudmits,is I List so much bunk rThci ^oi ( \\ ( w ould like to see a completely O idcnl oigani/atif n tckc upon iLseli to piesent '•p'akf'is u )1 neccssaiily liom the outside hu c ’ k as{ sp^,akpis available to the stuclput bodj as a whok to discuss the piohlcms nov jccmg the woikl at laigc As a staitei, 1h( oldif] voU 'pic si ion would he ideal from anjiitfun tandijoint
W. D. Shockley
I 111 j IJiinti Jlv sludnit Kicivdl Ihi twin Lu ([C I t til) it till AAl Pilot St hool (B tsic) New poit yi! 1 \ licit ht 1 HOW t itioncd ( aptciiii bhoi I 1( V ciiLf < <1 I't stivict on Octobti 2 1941 and lias 1 cell tall 1 1 it ( tchi HI I It Id Ga Bunliiid^t Ga , uid till, Sc poi t Ai iii\ /111 1 icltl
). M. Hall
1910 giaduitt ol the iiKcluincd pncincciinc ythool has jtctntlv Aiainttl the lank oi Majoi in the Aniiv \u louts p il! i I Uioncd it I'l Ut K ins
^ By PRIW^rEARSOK Justice Department Brings Suits Against Several British Companies In Alleged Monopoly Of Mica WASHINGTON—Not long ago, the Jubtioo Depaitment In ought an anti tiust huit against two mem beis of the Biitish House of Loids and one of Biitam’b biggc-it companies. Impellal Chemical Indus tiles Now, the Justice Depaitment is investigating anothci Biitish gioup of companies in connection with an alleged monopoly ol a vital wai mateiial— mica Most people don’t realize it, but today mica probablj IS the most impoitant single material of the entile wai Without it there would be no ladar, no radio, no electiic gun controls and no detectoi devices Yet there are indications that the U S Government has allowed itself to be lestricted in the production and importation of mica by a Biitish tiust The tiust has been operating right under the noses of Ameiican officials What the lustice Dcpaitment is interested m is wh> production of mica is low, and whethei monopoly tactics are to blame c Today despite the vital lole mica plays in the war, we die foiccd to use papei dielectiic devices as a sub stitutc foi mica This is not satisfactoiy, and Gen eial Electiic has spent $100,000 tiying to find a bettei substitute, without success In oidei to get out fiom undei the Biitish contiol of mica the W'^ai Pioduction Boaid some time ago uiged the pioduction of mica in the United States To this end, Jesse Jones set up a special subsidiaiy of his Metals Reseivc Company called the Colonial Mica Coipoiation British Connections How evei it dosn t look as if he had done much about CSC iping the Biitish contiol Ihe Justice Depaitment hnds that the man Jones has placed m chaige is GeoioC A Puicell who in piivate lUe used to head a mica comp iny 1 iiown is Colonial Mica tompanj Now he IS 1 unnmg foi Jesse Jones the Colonial Mica Corpolation I uithcimoie, it is considcied significant that Pill cell was iccomniended loi this Jesse Jones job by IlowudC Sykes who is intimately connected with the Biitish mica inieiests and heads one company affih lied w ilh the Biitish gioup Significant also is the fact tliat PuiccIl is i neigh boi oi anothci )iig Butish mu a official Puicell lives it 21 Collins Ave , Bloomfield N J , next dooi to J P Ficnch vice piesidcnt of Eugene Munsell & Companj, which IS pait ot the Biitish tiust (Sykes, who put Puicell in his job is connected with Munsell &- Com piny) Ihus Puicell vihoiunsU S mica opeiations loi Jesst Jones could Ic in out of his window and dis cuss mica piiccs and pioduction with his next dooi neighboi in olhci il oi the Biitish gioup One thing the Justice Depaitment is inteiested in, in addition to the ui gent w ar needs of mica, is domestic pioduction aftei the wai The British trust long has built up the nijth that its mica (obtained from India) IS the w oild’s best, just as the British foimerly sold the idea that Sheffield was the woild’s best qualitj ol cutler} sfeel However (he Buieau ot Stand uds, aftei testing samples tiom laiious pails ot the world, has failed to find any difference between foieign and domestic mica India and the USA aie the worlds only im poitant producing couiitiies, but the product from India has so complctcl} dominated wot Id maikets that the Lulled States supplies le'-s than twenty per cent of its own lequircments this bcc inic i subject of aliiniduiing the last wai, and the laiift Commission subsequently lepoited ‘ Contiol of supplies by London was cleaily manifest dining the last wai and was exeiciscd to the fullest extent thiough the Biitish Ministij of Munitions The total woild supph, iigidly contioiled fiom Londoiv piovcd just sufficient duimg the wai foi the needs of all countiics except Geimany and its allies ’ Today Justice Depaitment officials aie mvestigat mg to see whethei the Biitish, togelhei with then filends m the U B A aie still tiying to keep pioduc tion clown so that then companies will be supieme aftei this wai also Pyramid Of Companies A full chait of the Biitish mica tiust looks like a pyi amid similai to the mteinational chemical indus tiy At the top stands the Biitish Associated Electii cal Institute undei which conics Associated Insulat in,^ Pi edicts Company which in turn contiols Chies tien Mining Co Ltd of India and F I Chiestien & Co ilso ol India Ihen thoie aie the Mica Insulatoi Co of which How aid Sjkco foimei SI a yeai man ni Washington IS chin man of the bond and Munsell & Co v\ith which Sykes is ilso connected uid whose vice piesi dent li\cs next dooi to Jesse Jones mica man Puicell The Biitish tiust claims that it has competition Jioni the Ameiicin him of Blood and Schoonmakei A little known lad is that Howaid Sykes closely allied with the Biitish combine, is the son ot Alice Adelc Schoonmakei by hei maiiiage to Waltei Sykes In addition to Sjkjis’ man Puiccfl running mica mattcis loi Jesse Jones, the Justice Depaitment has discovered that an qitcrei'tmg individual is head of the mica section ol W PB He is Sulliev \ Montague, for mcrlv ot Huse I ibei ty Co , now with Asheville (N C ) Mica Co Both ol these companies aie controlled by Blood and Schooiimaker which has family ties with the British mica combine Jhe Justice Depaitment lepoits that William P Flood, of Blood and Schoonmakei, has boasted that he contiols domestic pioduction m the USA, and (hat he even bought a mica mine m ordei to close it down and cuitail pioduction 1 he Justice Depaitment is continuing its investiga tion rhcie may be inteiesting developments soon Merry-Go-Round In the Libi uy of Congicss b ick numbeis of Es (linus aic kept in the Delta Colkction, a special eolIciLioii oi sc\ books ind othei eiotica available to idulLs, not to idolesccnts Tables have been tinned siiKc the daj oi aluminum shoitage when wood was lushed into sen ice to leplace light metals Now him Iiei IS so shoit that WPB’s Lumbci PaciliUes Dianch IS ui^,ing industn to substitute light metals loi wood Biitish Embassy officials, mindful ol food and liquoi shoitagcs hcic, aic avoiding the usual diplo matic entei taming Though he holds the impoitant post of Siaiitc whip Scnatoi Listci Hill of Alabama IS facing a tough puniaiy fight in M i\ lIi is opposid h\ big jiiiv lie powci companies
tile witches’ beat...
■by the harridans-
(^10-14 Chlcagd Times liw.
“You postwdi biides will be mighty lucky—you’ll have a chance at a couple million men who’ve tiaveled widely, been trained in tidiness, and have a gieat appetite for home cooking ”
Notices
Fraternity Presidents I ka c inftim the A 0 ofluc(fN(ui mulnii^ t! lu s
SIIH IL
Seniors C nic sub b iscmtnt ft i
t) H L ni (0 in the Unio btiHoi picture pi(of DLBKlb
SAL Mcinbtis mi tho t inteiested ni iv ittfnd tic S M me ting, li sd iv Jan 25 t 0 I mil the Mcchiinicaf 1 npmc rm^, buillinj., Kom ] Fhoic will be nn inter missu n fci Debii ] letuu (f SAL ind ASMl M \ i( ii I ufieshmcnts are ti be ei t. I iCtcns ud —CROMER Kappa Delta Rho Meet in lo m 212 of tlu Uni i r i sd J J in 2 it ( i m
JOHNSON
•Spirts Women M tiTp, liusdij Jin 25 til J, n 11 tlic WAA iIIkc
-LAIU/E
Halloo. Since the Boss has refused to forfeit teft ddllars if we should violate the no grasshopping edict on campus, weVe decided to go to the other extreme and form our own “Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Young Blades”. Because the campus cops don’t have broomsticks, W6 wodlll h^ve & dfeflitlte advantage in apprehending local criminals. Odf secret ^ T. IS thal our witchly pdwOTS Porsomtel Holes ^Itl- ^ 771 777 ]ect pretty engravlrlts of Ha«(iCompanies scffeduled to visit the University campus: Lyconjing Division, The Aviation does ^ Corp, Williamspoit, Pa—Date of While floating aroupd tl|e visit to be announced Sign m the motk-eateq i^ftGs of Poyf|^i’ tthfl Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, Thursday njg)it we overhGar4 “De^ih Jan 26 Interested in M E and Dotty” confiding some of the hazAeE aids she has encounteied as comIndiana State Service, Indianap- mander of the SPARS ,She thought ohs—Jan 25 and 26 Interested she was looking lather hard pressed in chemists, C E and science one day because an elderly lady, aftei scrutinizing her curiously, These companies are not sched- finally gained enough courage to uled to visit the campus; however, to ask “Pardon me, but are you a they are interested in students for -WAC, a WAVE or a SPAR’” employment: Bon owing one of the bpst stones Firestone Tire & Rubber Corp., commandant, Mrs Akion, 0—Inteiested in M E , Ch gtieeter, she related the tale of the E, chemists, physicists, meichan- Maiine fiesh from boot dising women Sign in Personnel partlculaily anxious Office by Wednesday, Jan 26 the lules of etiquette, Standard Oil Company of New guch as saluting and saying “By Jeisey, Now Yoik, N Y —Inteiest- yo^i leave,” when wishing to pass a ed m ChE and ME Sign ih Pei- superioi officei She did well until sonncl Office by Wednesday, Jan 26 the time she inadvertently became moie duect and said, “Leave me
by ”
One thing that pleased us most was a lemaik she made in a private
Placement Notes
For Women
PIA DancG Class ihi i LPui u (1 int-c cl is wilt bo hill lluirsiliv I in 2 ^-umi I t 15 V m in th lie ills Lo n s instci 1 i C Monday HENDERSON riiristian bcienco Ori?aiuzalioJi ileK ila ineitmi, luo clni ^ 2o al 80 i i in OonfctcnLC Pnom oC lilt Music Hall SCHW VNDl Skull and Ciesccnt Dcliria jiitiui tak n Til sd ly Jan 2i it i 80 p m in South liallroom Union A i impoilmt mcctint will bi htl 1 m loom 261 oC tlu Uni n at 7 80 p ni on VViilncbil i> Jm _( 1 in time —M LIN Alpha Phi Omeua 1 ormal i 1 ilnnt it '■ 0 p ni (n Wcdnestihy I in 26 in the OI 1 Chestnut Room (iH) Union All m m h 1 1 leibe itl I (I WINK! DIv AH Fraternities Parlv with WRH Weil ntbd ly Jai 2( fiom 1 p m
CLASS
SCA Ilicie will hi i honi 1 mcetiiiK on T icstdii Jin 2 it 7 8U 1 m in Ih SCA office BRYANT Aeromodclcrs Special meetinj W Ine (lay 7 in 2( in loom 80 of the Union at 80 p m Rtsi Its i f contest tt hi ills cussed and prizes aw ir led Instrutiins eonctrnint. Debus pietuie \ ill I uu-ei
CWINN
Tau Beta Pi Pk Ike m et i „ it It m Widnt day Jan 2( n i m ( i f the Uni in All acliv s i e leel ti ittei i
1 VANS
W, F, Graham dnocLoi of the Umvcibitv pub he safety institute is to address the Chicago Academy of Ciimmology Euday on ‘ Piofessionalization of the Police Soivico ’ Pi of Lingo was m rt Wayne this week lo open u special five week ti lining course foi rt Wayne police being conduct cd in coopeiation with the Indiana
stite police
ILUMir TODAY and TOMORROW
rriton C lull yii t II 1 Tl 1 p m 111 the Wtmeii'
It
VOGILSANC Delta Rho Kapp i VctiMs ii 1 pi lee mu t itteii 1 m imiiitint imeliii)., riiui riav T in 2" it 4 H m i ni 261 if the Union 1 I is 1 UI „ 1 u \ f i I \ U hu I ictui will I cl lien it 10 I n f s 1 i> Jan 2 111 the South Billiicm All pi dees in I mimher be U u 11 VIN Kappa Siltma Meitim, 1 u sd n Jai 2 It 80 p m in lo m !60 of the tJni ii KLh NEDY Glider ( lub I i, 1 ii ra el iie lucsUij Ian .. It .1 80 t m Imiuiii it west di k fc r loom 1 in h I BRtOH 1 Green Guard Vltetini, Wednesd ij Jan 2( it 4 p m in the VWS offie -DJlL
MAKE MSLLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
PLUS
iuOTfiWiiTiTmHTWTOiTH
Blown Univeisity Giaduate conversation on which we eavesSchool announces a numhei of fel- dropped Smiling pleasantly, she lowships, scholarships and assist- revealed that the Exponent is the antsliips foi giaduate woik in a “most amusing piece oT literature” numbei of depaitments Any stu- that crossed hei desk dents inteiested may qlitairffLuither Unsolved question of the week mfoimation at the Placement Seiv- Why is the lecipe for oatmeal ice foi Women, 2955 Applications cookies (to seive 50) posted ort a must be presented not latei than bulletin boaid in the Chemistry Mai ch 1,. 1944 Building’ Buy War Bonds And Stamps
NEW BALLROOM CLASHES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed., Feb. 9th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Feb. 10th, 7:30 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSeS OP^N BEGINNER'S, Wed, Fob 16th, 6 id P. M ADVANCED, Thurs, Feb 17th, 6 IS P M ALLEN^S — 6th and Ferry Sts.
IH Seniors! Place Your Order Nowl for Graduation Caps and Gowns UIKITI BilOK STDBE Across ft-om the Union Building
lUFiYim TODAY and TOMORROW WMTSffi 0WIWW
mmi LOI Gi
FILL
A mm\
tsa*'**; il0t
A CREAM
T& POWPen A famous physician's ointment modernized into Lumi inous Lure Make Up. It s stunning because »t's natural and so natural it's deceiving. You don't look made up at all. Nothing artificial to betray you. There you are, — radiant, resplendent, glamorous I Your skin so creamy and aglow, and you stay just like that—'Without retouching I—from Breakfast to’ Bedtime. See if you don't I And it only takes you a m nute * Six shades of Luminous Luic for Complexion Mafching.
^ i
t \ I
' 11 i
V
StS, 19i4
BMermdker Spbrts
Pa^S
Iliveter Tankmen Company A Takes AST Riveters Defeat Michigan/ lose To Wildcats Bowling Championship Lodge/ Hirsch On Sidelines
, With a comfortable marffin of "
Although the BoiletmstRtit ^(^iiilotoers lost to Northwesitrn 5^-26 last Saturday the meet was closer than ^t}i6 score indicates Wisconsin, scheduled to ^wim in the meet, withdrew at the last minute This loss should not be considered indicative hf the strength pf the respective tpams for it was the Boilermakers’ Afst encounter of the season It spems though that Northwestern has hopes of taking the conference litle this season i*apenguth Satisfied Coach Dick Papenguth consideis ihe tankmen as doing very well, considering everything, and hopes to do bettei against Michigan next week end Hansel was elected cab tain of the team pieceding the meet and showed his woithby swimming ^ell in the 220 and 4^ yard fiee styles The medley was done in good time \ Although Portei was ahead in the 220 all the way he was called second l^y the judges Papenguth believes ■(^at the Boilermakers should have had a fiist here as well as at least a second in the diving competition Gorby, 16 years old, swimming m hi^ first meet, helped out in the med l^y and 400 yard relay The lattei was dropped by 3 seconds Salmon and Porter did well as was expect
ed, taking two secohds and a third between them Summary The 300 yd medley was won by the Wildcats in 3 08 6 In the 220 yd freestyle Neff, Northwestern, led Portei and Hansel with 2 23 2 The 60 yd freestyle saw New, N U , first in 23 8 and Salmon of Purdue second Bower took third in the diving event for the Boilei makers Gamble finished first in 65 3 with Salmon finishing second for Purdue Huntington, Purdue, followed Trib ble and Whitson m the 160 yd backstroke, won in 143 2 Walshe of Northwestern beat McMullen with 2 37 in the 200 yd breaststioke The Boilermakeis’ only fiist was scored by Hansel in the 440 yd freestyle with a time of 5 17 The Wildcats won the 400 yd relay in 348 3 sec WresHing Schedule Feb 6—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb 8—DePauw, here Feb 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb 19—Conference at Northwestern Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Valentine Cards
Should be mailed now for friends in service overseas
University Book Store
Across from the Union Bldg.
APPETITE JADED THIS JANUARY? If nothing appeals at meal time, drop into the Union Cafeteria . . . look over the menu, the savory meats and enticing salads. Our menus add new vim and vigor to these January days.
JhSL fijindwL TiflsmifdaL lAmoft The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
With a comfortable margin of 124 pins over their nearest rivals the Four and One squad of Co A bieezed into the team championship of the ASTP bowling league, Cpl Don Woodbqrn, league secretary and statistician, announced on Saturday from under a mass of computations of totals and averages for the season’s play, concluded the
night before
Foul other champions weie announced Section B6, with a 2466, turned m the best evening’s play lecorded by any team, while Co B’s Hella tpok top individual game honors with a 244 Woodburn himself had far and away the highest individual average and turned in the five highest scoies recorded for sets
of three games
Awards will be presented -to the Winners and runners up at the military ball Friday night Only one av/aijd, of medals, will be made in the team high set categoiy, while cash awards will be made to first, second and third place winners in tfie team total score race In the otbei competitions the winner will be given a medal and lunners-up will be awarded cash prizes 'The t’our and One team, with Steinkiitz as captain and Perkins, Billens, Essenpries and Hedlund, turned m consistent scoies through all the competition to wind up with a total o| 11,724 pins Co B’s Gut terballs finished second with 11,600
Classified Mb
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mlmeo graph work done C P Ebershofl 606 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost—Ruby ring belonging to my mother in south women a lounge Union Sunday Keepsake Reward DeKay 2054 Waiter Openings Three meals a day plus $5 00 per month for waiter service Inquiie at Delta Gamma sorority Heilman Wanted—Student to work as waiter in fraternity house 17 houis pel week Call Bob Allen 2390 For Sale—Model A Ford 1929 See L V Hoffman 116 Pierce Lost—Parker pen 51 gold and black Re ward Call 6028 Jack Lusk Lost—Elgin deluxe wiist watch Satuiday night in vicinity Waldron Street oi Ag cam pus Reward Pfe H A Treadwell Phone
'•6103
and Co C’s Yardbiids third with 11,416 Bowling for B6 weie Kiamer, captain, and Hull, Simcoke, Bosl and Nemeth Woodburn’s 210 average was far ahead of Essenpries’ 174, which was good enough for second honors There -was a tie for third between Hull of B, Baker of G and France
of F
Hella’s 244 mark for a ^single row was closely approached by Baker with a 241 game Van Sweeden of C registered a 231 for third place In the individual high set of three competition Woodburn turned in a 640 for high, but his own 639, 634, 624 and 613 were all better than the next following effoit, a 607 turned in by Stachurski of C However, since competition is on an individual basis Stachuiski is second place winner Hull of B takes thud with
a 596
In successfully completing the season the league was able to over come many obstacles To avoid any interference with study hours all games were scheduled between 5 and 7, teams bowling as their mess schedules would permit A shoit age of pin boys developed but was met within the trainee group Rivel-er Sc^riitg Sthediile The complete scoring table for Puidue,s first six Big Ten games GP FG ft TP P Hoffman, f 6 32 11 75 C Haag, g 6 32 8 72 B Lodge, c f 4 19 10 48 £) Horn, f 6 19 6 44 P Friend, g 6 10 5 25 J Kennedy, f c 6 8 2 18 S Fraziei, c 3 8 0 16 J McPherson, f c 4 2 0 10 J Walley, g 3 2 0 4 C Elliott g 5 113 H Schmidt, g 1113 M Tayloi, c 10 2 2 S Vacant!, f 110 2 M Sokol, f 2 0 11 J Gustafson, f 3 0 0 0 W Cline, f 10 0 0 J Charcholla f 10 0 0 J Schweizei, f 10/00 W Kreighbaum f 1 0 0 0 D Schienk, g 10 0 0 Pill due totals 6 138 47 323 Opponents’ totals 6 76 52 204
Rivefers, Hawkeyes And Wildcats Lead Bii 10 Competition Witb three weeks of competition finished Purdue, Northwestern and Iowa are still setting the pace in the scramble for Big ’t'en championship honors The pace setting trio remained undefeated over the week end, and, with the exception of Ohio State’s elimination from the tie for first ^Jaee, there was little change in conteience standings The,Boileimakers became the first team to chalk up six victories in league play as they disposed of a fighting Michigan squad The Boilermakers pulled a Frank Merriwell finish as they came from behind with only a few seconds left Friday to tie the Wolverines and then did the same thing in the extia period to cop the decision 46 44 On Satui day the two teams renewed then battle and when the first half was ended the game seemed to be a continuance of the tilt of the ni^ht before as the Boilei makers held a two point lead However the Boilermakers put on a mighty splurge of pow ei in the second half and coasted to a 51 35 victory Paul Hoffman, with 32 points, powered the Rivetei at tack in both games, while Michi gan’s Dave Stiack took high scoi ing honors with 33 points Iowa Going Strong Iowa’s Hawkeyes, who at the start of the season faced a severe shortage of manpower, remain the only majoi undefeated net men in the midwest Paced by Dave Dannei and Dick Ives, Iowa racked up its seventh and eighth victories of the season and its third and fourth in conference play by whipping Illi nois twice, 56 51 and 53 44 Stan Patiiqk led the Illini as his team dropped its thud league decision and its fifth game of the season Northwestern helped to clear up the tie for first place somewhat as it toppled Ohio State from the league’s unbeaten ranks and also added another win to its unbeaten lecoid The Buckeyes found the
Purdue's net squad raced to their sixth straight conference victory as they downed Michigan &1-35 Saturday night in tht Fieldhouse before a crowd of 7,000 fans Both teams weri forced to take the floor without the services of their first-string centers, as they were both injured in Friday night's battle* Bill Lodge, Boilermaker stalwart, suffered a sprained ankle* while Michigan's center, Elroy
Hirsch, was forced out by ah
injured knee
By virtue of their twin victory over the Wolverines, the
^ I I p LI i Boilermakers are still leading jBlUrddy lOr Mset Ten title race, and should
remain theie for two more weeks, at
In then first out of town meet journey to Columbus fok
a two game series with Ohio State, their next confei^ence foe This com-
Boilermaker Matmen Invade Ann Arbor
For Meet
the undefeated Boilermaker wies tling team will invade the uncon
queied mats of Michigan Coach Saturday night the squad b Reeck’s men were well prepared for scheduled to face the strong DePaul last week’s meet, which was won on Chicago Stadium
a default by Indiana However,
practice and tiyouts will again be held in full scale to determine the
traveling squad
Because of injuries and delin quencies the Riveter squad may not be up to full strength when they de part from their home mats Dave
Liang will represent the team in the , o, . , , ,, A. A JT points Satuiday night, making ms 121 pound class Ait Aeine and Joe ’ •' .
Strack High Scorer
Michigan’s Dave Strack carried off the high scoring honors of the evening with 14 points, bring his Michigan Purdue senes total to 33 and maving him well up among the leading scoieis m the Big Ten Paul Hoffman Riveter star, scored 13
Hersh, both of whom are undefeat
ed so fai, will most likely be the men „ ,, ^ 1 A J J Ai. .AF , ,/-r 1 way the thiillei that the previous selected for the 145 and 175 pound „ k v,
two game total 32 points
Satuiday night’s game was in no
weights The men foi the leniam ing weights will be selected in try outs during the week In the 128 pound class it will be eithei Sten gal 01 Johnson, either Nettescheim 01 Aimstiong will be selected in the 136 pound class and either Copple 01 Roberts will represent the team in the 165 pound class Coach Reeck refused to comment on the possibilities of the team since it IS not yet known if it will be at
full strength
night’s fray was Scoring by both teams was on even terms during the fiist half, with the Riveters leading 18 to 16 when the gun sounded The second half saw the home team suddenly singe ahead and establish a good lead which they maintained for
the lemamdei of the game
The Boilermakeis hit the hoop for 22 out of 80 shots and Michigan sank
16 out of 55 attempts
The summary
Purdue (51) P Hoffman, f Kennedy, f
It's a Sure Verdict That You’ll Like Our Work I And if we’re any Judge you’ll Witness a real ' change in car performance. Peter Anderson Co. AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
Wildcats a wee bit too much as they f fell by the wayside 42 40 Satuiday McPherson f
Gustafson, f
Higlhighting the non conference pj-aziei c
play over the week end was Mai jj^ag g quette as it established itself as g one of the midwest’s bettei teams pnend, g by handing DePaul its second con -Walley, g
secutive defeat, 51 49 The two teams expei imented with a new foul rule which provides that a playei may letuin to the game after a
three minute penalty foi eveiy foul pmg f ovei three that he commits Seymoui c
Thompson
Lund, g
Shridei, g Ketteiei, g
Leddy, g Cook, g
Michigan (35)
Stiack f
Schedule of Dehris
Pictures Special Note for
P Men’s Club —Thuis,Jan 27,9 10am WAA •—Thurs , Jan 27, 9 20 a m Dolphin Club —Thurs , Jan 27, 9 30 a m» Triton —Thurs , Jan 27, 9 40 a m Modern Dance—Thurs , Jan 27, 9 50 a m Pictures will be taken in South Ballroom of Union at
time indicated
Tuesdaj January 25th 4 00—Debris sophomores 4 10—Exponent sophomoies 4 20—Ensineer sophomores 4 30—Union sophomores 4 40—Senate sophomores 5 00—Activities Bureau sophomoies 6 30—Alpha Zeta 0 40—Ceres G 50—V C Meiodith 00—Omicron Nu 10—Delta Rho iCappa 7 20 Kappa Delta Pi 30 American Pharm Assoc 40—American Inst Elect Engi 60—Eta Kappa Nu 8 00—Apierican Soc Mech Engj 8 10—Society of Automotive Engr 8 20—Pi Tau Sigma 8 80—Tau Beta Pi 8 10 Phi Lambda Upsilon 8 50—Ameucan Inst Chem Engi ) 00~Catalyst ) 10—Chi Epsilon 9 20—American Soc Civil Fngr 9 10—Skill & Cicscent
Thursday January 27th 6 30—Pharmacist b iO—Camera Club b 50—Aeromodelers 00—Associated Women Students 10—Young Women a Christian Assoc 20—Gold Peppers 30 Alpha Lambda Delta 7 40—Alpha Phi Omega O—WBAA 8 00—Playshop 8 10—Theta Alpha Phi S 20—Tau Kappa Alpha 8 30 Rcamei 8 40—Purdue Independent Assoc 8 oO—Sigma Delta Chi 9 00—Qimlet 9 10 P Men s Cl lb 3 20—WAA ) 30 Dolphin Club J 4(i- Triton " ) 60 Moitin Dance
FG
5 1 3 1 0 4 5 0 3 0
22 FG
7 4 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
FT PF TP 3 2 13
2 8 2 0 8 12 0 6 0 7 10 5l FT PF TP 0 2 14
0 0 0 0 3 6 0 0
16 3 9 35 Score at half Puidue, 18, Michigan, 16 Free throws missed—Hoffman?, Horn, Haag (2), Friend (2), Strack, King (4), Seymoui, Lund, KettereF, Leddy Referee Glenn Adams, DePauw, Umpire, Nick Kearns, DePaul Swimming Schedule Jan 22—Purdue, Wisconsin, at Northwestern Jan 29—Purdue at Michigan. Feb 5—Northwestern here Feb 12—Puidue at Illinois Feb 19—Conference meet at Northwestern
4 MONTH INTENSIVE Secretarial Course for COLLEGE STUDENTS and G8ADUATE$ A thorough intensive, secretarial course — starting February July, , October Registrauon now open j ★ 1 Regular day and evening school throughout the year Catalog ^ A SCHOOL Of BUSINESS PREFERRED BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN s THE GREGG COUEGf Prestdeni John Robert Gregg SCD D rector Paul M Pair M.A 6 R Michigan Ava fmplioM STAtt 1M1 CMe«RB.y
POPCORN
SACKS 5c to 50c
CANDY
ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE
■Al
k>Pitrdue Exponent ' fu^ddy, tanuaiy2S, i^
Back The Attack! Buy War Bonds!
Invest Your Money in Enduring Values
Freedom .... 1‘reedom of thought and speech . . freedom of worship .... worthwhile things . . . as long as Old Glory waves. '
. . freedom from want and fear .... . things that have endured and will endure
These are the things we’re fighting for .... things we hold ^ » dear .... things we’ve protected and nurtured and fostered .... things that mean Life itself to us and to all who’ve ever experienced the American way of life.
These are the things the Fourth War Loan Drive is for .... the things it aims to protect .... the things it will protect.
These are the things on which you bet your money when you buy United States War Bonds .... and no wager could and you get it back with interest. It does a double job for you ever he more of a “sure thing”. You lend your money .... .... protecting all the things that make American life a joyous thing .... and building funds for a greater future.
Enduring things, these .... enduring as the constilulion .... enduring as the American attitude .... lasting as love, hope, ambition and faith .... indestructible because they’re locked deep in the hearts of men and women and children.
So make the Fourth War Loan Drive the greatest to date. Invest amply, for the protection of your.money and the safely of your mode of living.
Make the Liberty Bell ring again, in celebration of a gigantic victory over all the forces of fear and oppression.
If hen Buying Bonds At Our Victory Booth You’ll Receive A Complete Set of Joseph Aushmder’s Open Letters To The Unconquerables
They Give Their Lives — You Lend Your Money
■Am
IF
V ji
i (I
> .*»
I V
V
V, '
V I