^ r *^l ti \ ' '“(^t f y ^ '■jU - - > \ ‘■* {•'l j ‘ ^ ' / V '» ' ^^''■‘ ' \ " t ii -,•■ I >. i . ‘ , \ > ‘ ''* '' *’ iL^.i ^ , if ^ ^ ’ If ,,4, ” . V ' 1'' ‘ , ‘ ' ‘ i ^ " ** ''^. . '
‘'■ff-f;
«l
< . r ♦ f
»'f, r-‘< ' I A “■ >' ,U'
■«“
[\ MAK£! EVERY s PAY DAY ^ BOND DAY
For Vic$ory*m
Bay U.S.DErEltSi BONDS STAMPS
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Vdlurtie 53, No. 126
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 24,1942
ildcats 56-40
MERf^-00'
University Musical Organizations Will Present Convocation Saturday; Singing Groups To Stage History Of United States
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien President's Kindness Hinders War Effort; Stimson Wants To Quit Edftor’fi Note: The wuthora of the Washiru^tgh Morry-Go-Uound have suRKosted that inat.mueh as President lioosevell once niude a grant national isHue over keeping older men on the Supreme Comt, he should be consintent in regard io age in important puhlle office and aeeejit the reslgnntlons ol *‘The Four Old Men,” liRcil around 70, who hold wai jiositions in the Cabinet. litre is anolhei aitielo in the berU*H. WASHINGTOnTFeb. 2.'!.—When the long'-vange history of Franklin Roo.seVclt is written he will be proved right on his vision, his advance \yar plans, and his military strategy. Blit his greatest failing as an executive will he shown to be too much of the milk o’ human kindness. The trouble with Roosevelt is (hat he hates to fire anyone—ospeeially one who has been with him a long time and for whom he has poi'sonal all'eciion. And if there is one great trouble with our national defense today it is that Roosevelt permitted a kindly old gentleman (Claude Swanson) to remain in the olTice of Secretary of the Navy until he died at the age of 78; and (hat he permitted the War Department to be hogged down by a midwest isolationist (Harry Woodring) who did not believe in a strong military machine. Modern armies and navies are not built up overnight —• as Hitler has so amply ilemoiistrated — and it was our failure of a half dozen years ago which brings us such tragic losses now. Roosevelt, of course, kept his own eye on the Navy. But the Army he allowed (o bo pulled to pieces in a cat and dog (igh( lictween Assistant Secretary of War Louis Johnson, who believed in strong defense, and Secrolary of (Coritimied on page 2)
Concert Choir
University musical or.q:anizaiions will be featured on the program of the annual musical convocation to be held in the Music Hall at 7:30 p.m. Saturday. Members of /the Men’s Glee Club, Concert Choir and University Choir; University Orchestra and Symphonic Band, with a total student membership of about 400 students under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, Joseph M. Ragains and Prof. P. S. Emrick, respectively will take part. The combined University Choir, Concert Choir and Men’s — — Glee Club will present a musical historical review of the his- GtOUOS InduCt tory of the United States from the revolution to the present and “The Daniel Webi}tcr Collect,” a musical interpretation P;sB«/^/nrfjri Mpw of Webster’s Charleston speech. The University Orchestra JVCW will feature “The Oberon Overture.”
The band’s contribution to the program will include “The Marriage of Figaro” by Mozart; “Voices of Spring,” a Strauss waltz, and Tschaikowsky’s “1812 Overture.” These H'cd'octions wci'o ari'augcd from the original symphonic score by Direc-
tor P. S. Emrick.
Blanker! Paces Riveter Victory With 17 Points (Special to The Purdue Exponent) EVANSTON, 111., Feb. 23.— Purdue’s speed and endurance survived a rough and tough, forty minutes at the hands of Northwestern’s lowly cage team here tonight on the small floor of the Evanston township high school gym, hitting their shots better than in any game this season to humble the Wildcats by a 56-40 score. The officials closed one eye on the professional wrestling tactics
Students Today At 4
Fifteenth Annual Meeting of the Groatov Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, bringing together all civic organizations in town, was held last night in both ballrooms of the Upion with more (ban 000 por.sons in attendance. The main function of the meeting was the formal induction of the newly elected president.
Junior Mechanical Engineers will
One of the recent oul.staiuling have an opportunity, today and to-
performances of the Concert Cboii morrow, to become acquainted with Judge Lynn Parkin.son, of Surwas its appeal anco with Paul Robe- the University Placement Service I'ogatcs Court, who succeccl.s Dr.
.son, negi'o baritone, in singing the for Men, one of the functions of the Calveit.
“Ballad foi Americans” duiing Personnel Department. The guest speaker of the evening Robeson’s coiicei I in the Music Hall Piofessor H. J. Solberg, head of was Dr. John L. Davis, minister a week ago. The Glee club won the the School of Mechanical Engiiioci- New York, who spoke on Chicagoland Music Festival several ing, and W. E. Vogler, Director of “Philosophy, Facts and Fun.” years ago and has fulfilled luimei- Personnel, will meet Junior ME’s The Concert Choir and the Glee ous engagements at the Palmer in room 207 of the ME Building ‘at Club, under the direction of Albert House Empire Room and the Pan- 4:00'p. m. F- Stewart, provided entertainment ther Room of the Hotel Sherman. According to Dave Clark, assist- 1°' bio evening. The Choir and Glee It has also picsentcd several pro- ant head of the ME school, any Club lined up with the Glee Club at grams on nation-wide radio hook- Junior ME who expects ever to avail the north side of the Noi th Ballroom up;, and at many convenlions and himself of this service should at- I'l'c Concert Choii at the south
tend one of the two meetings. end of the South Ballroom. During Clark stated that the present lack fhe dinner Joy M. Lloyd and David of adequately trained engineers has Simpson played the piano. Debris cieatod an emergency in many beauty queens served as rcccption-
field.s. Ho said further that gradua- i-sts.'
lion in December will give junioi
engineers^ approximately six extra months to woik for their countiy.
Box score: PURDUE
EG
FT
PF
Sprowl, f. . .
7
1
1
Friend, f.
0
0
0
Tierney, f.
1,
1
0
Hoffman, f.
0
0
0
Monke, c. .
3
2
4
Conrad, g.-
0
1
1
Lawson, f
... 1
0
0
Blanken, f
8
1
0
Adams, g
0
0
1
Polk, g. .. .
0
0
3
Riley, g.
. 1
5
4
Caress, g. .
.. 1
1
0
—
—
—
Totals ..
22
12
14
NORTHWESTERN
FG
FT
PF
Graham, f.
. 2
9
3
Jake, f. . .
.. 4
1
1
Jensen, f.
0
0
()•
Ilasse, c.
0
0
1
■Vincent, c.
0
0
1
Clawson, g.
1
0
3
Wendlund, g.
5
0
2
Kruger, g.
2
1
1
Benson, g.
0
1
1
Totals .. ..
1 f
12
13
Grid Coach Array Dwindles Steaefily Joe Boland, assistant football coach under Mai Elward, who tendered his resignation last week to re-enter the Navy, and Herbert Duggins, end-coach for the Boilermaker squad, followed in their mentor’s footsteps yesterday when they, f’esigned their services as members of the University’s coach-
ing staff.
Boland, who joined the staff last March 4, before spring training began, said in a letter to President E. C. Elliott yesterday that he planned to enter the radio field on a fulltime basis at radio station WSBT in South Bend. During his career as assistant coach at Notre Dame from 1934-1941 he did part-time broadcasting in the sports field on the South
Bend station.
Boland starred as a tackle of the Notre Dame elevens of 1924, 1926, and 1926 and following his graduation joined the Santa Clara football staff, where he served two years as line coach. Before joining the Irish gridiron staff he served as athletic director and head football
Radio Course Delayed By No Galvanometers
Professor C. W. Beese, who is in charge of defensd training at the University, has announced that some of the radio technician classes will be postponed temporarily be-
cause of the difficulty in obtaining coach at” StT ThomarColleZ St.
vital equipment and parts for constructing apparatus because of piioiities. The defense boom has e.xhausted the manufacturers’ supply
of vital stock".
Night classes will begin at Lafay-
Paul, Minn.
According to an Associated Press dispatch received from Seattle, Wash., Herbert Duggins has accepted a position as assistant to Ralph Welch, newly appointed head coach
banquets. '
The Choir
The 2r)0-voicc UnivcisiLy Choir reiuler.s music on the campus for icligious convocations and sing.s at the Christmas and Easter Cantata held each year. This year there have
been requests from both Chicago irnd Indianapolis for conceits by thi.s large choii'. The 60-piece Uni-
Junior Coeds
Ordnance Will Accept
Application.s will be accepted until Saturday from .students desiring to obtain positions in the United States A r m y Oi-dnance department, it was announced yesteiday by Prof. C. W. Beese, director of defense training at the Univer.-ity. A limited number of men will be selected to fill this area’s quota for junior inspector-1 rainoes. Classes in the school for trainees will begin on Saturday. Men accepted will lie appointed prohational Civil Service employees at .$1,440 per year. The trainees will take a three months ordnance course here at the University, ^/fter which successful candidates wij! he a.s,signed to inspection duty and I'eclassified at $1,620 per year. They will receive $28 per week while in training. One year of train.ng in engineering, or two years ol' college including six hours each of chemistry, physics and mathematics, is required of applicants. They must also be between the ages of 18 and 85 and be able to pa.s.s'tlic civil service physical examination. Men accepted should not be subjected to lA classification by their draft boards.
versily Orchostia accompanies the chons in cantatas and presents occasional I'ocitivls on the campus. A radio series over WBAA was inauguiated (his year wi(h the various musical organizations alternating each week. Besides this the musical organizations will supply a part of the programs tor the sbi'ies of special convos to be hold on Sun-
day afternoons.
Doors of the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p.m. Saturday. Adniis.sion will he liy iiassijoi ts and season (iekots. Single admission tickets will 1)0 availiihle at the door i'oi
55 cents.
tivos of some of the finest industries in the United States will appear on the campus to interview the
juniors.
-All Junior coed.s who have not already done so, plea.se come to room 261 of (he Union today between 3 and 5. —SCARFF ,
of the Wildcat performers allowing things to happen under the Purdue basket that would make a Japanese invasion a lesson in sportsmanship. Coach Piggy Lambert used all 12 of the' traveling squad during the fracas, allowing the Wildcats to close up the margin in a final minute fla.sh against the Boilermakers. Indeed the olficials had the audacity to call more fouls on the Boilermakers than on the deliberate rough play of the Wildcats. Purdue’s defense continued in its (Continued on page .‘i)
gins will serve, succeeded Jimmy Phelan at the Washington post, and was a fullback here in 1928-29. Welch joined the Washington staff
in 1930 as freshman mentor. Air Corps Examining Board To Interview
Dr. J. L. Bray Will Speak Af Open Meeting Of ASME Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the School
Bv Sian Wolf , ^
radium or X-rays. An exposure of
Water—hundreds of gallons of it; about ten minutes per clay is the enough to fill a moderate sized human limit, without unjileasant re-
swimming ])ooi, is stored in one suits.
loom of the new Physics Building. To protect the operator fiom the And coiitrai y to the customaiy rays dm ing a prolonged experiment, method of storing water in one large two eontrol hoaiils are provided for body in a pool or tank, this water adjusting the apparatus. One is is stored by lining the room wilh it, within the watcr-walled loom in
Open Meetina Of ASME covering even the ceiling. close proximity to the cyclotron. ” ” Buried In Water The other is in another room eighty
All of this aqueous substance is I'eet away, hut the equipment is
of Chemical and Metallurgical Engi- needed to surround the University’s ^mmpletc enough so that the opera- , , much talkd ol', but never seen, loKcan tell exactly what is going neering, will address an o])en meet- u i ,u I U , i mu i
eyclotvon. Research proved that on crown at the cyclotron. The doz-
ing of AIEE to he held toinoi i ow at most successful and practical ens of instruments and controls re7:30 p.m. in room 254 ol (he EE medium to stop the bombai'dment of quii'od demand that cables containhuilding. the campus from the 5()-(on machine ing a total of 200 wires run from Bray’s subject will concern South was a solid wall of water. So the one control hoard to the other. America and his experiences during present location of the cyclotron is The cyclotron itself is made up of several years of work there. He surrounded by a medium of water (i-ton hunks of iron, used as the served as an engineer for several three feet thick, stored in tanks. The yoke (magnetic path) of a gigantic metallurgical companies and during ceiling of water (also in tanks) is electro - magnet. The tremendous this lime visited every Latin Am(‘r- supported on s(oel beams. field that it produces causes liny ican country. He was doing woi'k on Moderate exposure to the rays is charged particles (ions) to rotate the extraction of gold, silver, lead, not damaging, hut the radiation in- between the poles at high speed, and tin from their ores. side the shielded room from the By electrostatic attraction from Dr. Bray will, emiihasize the o))- powerful machine produces jieculiai' electrodes introduced between the portunities offered in South Ameri- results. Biological effects of the rays poles, the particles are accelerated ca to prospective graduates in the are not completely known, but are and are thrown outward by eenfield of engineering. somhwhat similar to those from trifugal force. When they leave the
machine at the end of their spiral path, they aie traveling at a speed nearly that of light, and have an electrical energy of about 15,000,000 electron volts. Ions at this speed have enough force behind them to overcome the enormous forces holding atoms together. New particles may be actually added to an atom, or others knocked off'. The operator can control the conditions to produce many
1 esults.
By this addition of subtraction of nuclear “building blocks,” the entire jihysical and chemical characteristics of an element can lie changed, in fact, a different clement is formed. But the newly produced elements tend to throw off particles and rays, producing a radioactive action similar to that of radium. Where radioactivity of radium lasts for years, though, radioactivity of c.yclotron substances usually lasts only a few days or hours. These radioactive suhstances and other phenomena produced by the cyclotron are finding new uses in chemistry, physics, medicine and many other fields in a modern world '
^te and Vincennes next Monday the University of Washingt9li. March 2, and at Jeffersonville and Friends here said that Duggins, who Fort Wayne on March 9, Other has served as Boilermaker end coach classes will open at Anderson, would be at Washington Bloomington, E khart, Evansville, University March 7 for the opening
Gary, Indianapolis, Kokomo, Mar-
ion, Muncie, New Albany and Rich- Coach Duggins was an end on the mond as soon as additional equip- Kizer-coached teams of 1932-33 and ment is available A laboratory see- the Chicago Cardinala tion will be divided into groups of 1934. ^fter he received his wasfour students, each group, having teFs degree in physical education separate laboratory eqmpment 1935^ ^e became assistant Professor C W Caldwell of the football coach at Louisiana Tech ht School of Electrical Engmeermg has Houston, La., and was also nawhd ordered several thousand dollars to head basketball and track coach, worth of equipment. That needed He returned to the University when for the first three experiments in- ^al Elward was appointed head dudes 75 galvanometers, 15 wheat- football coach and athletic director, stone bridges and 15 cathode-ray R^ipj, Welch, under whom Dug-
osciolloscopes, all ol which are imavailable. More than half of the equipment needed to conduct the classes is being constructed in the
University laboratories.
These defense training courses, which are being offered by the University in cooperation wilh the National Association of Broadcasters under the authority of the United States Office of Education, are aimed to supply the needs of the ai'my and navy for an unlimited number of radio technicians and the rapidly growing demand for trained radio personnel in broadcasting systems and for civilian defense protec-
tion.
Both men and women will be needed for these jobs, providing they have had two years of high school mathematics and one year of physics. Indiana must supply an estimated 7,600 persons. Exponent Business There will he a compulsory meeting of the entire business staff of the Exponent today at 4 p. m. in the biisiness office. All aspirants for jobs better be pres-
ent !
—Powers
Activities Bureau To Hold Frosh Callouts Thursday Activities Bui e a u, all-eampns service organization, will hold a callout for freshmen workers Thursday afternoon at 4:15 in its Union office. The duties of the freshmen workers will be outlined by the junior managers and a brief sketch of the origin of the Bureau will be given by Jim 'Wglley, senior executive. Designed to lend assislanoe to other^^ygtnpn.s gioups, the Activities Bureau serves to acquaint the freshman with the vai ions other activities on campus and the committees that
compose the Bureau. In tliis way the application form to appear befo^ worker may choose the committee the examining board, apply tp thft in which he has the greatest inter- adjutant’s office in the University e.st so that he may he capable of Armory; H. H. Horner, selecting the field of endeavor he de- Chamber of Commerce; or the Help* sires to pursue in his sophomore ular Army Recruiting Office, toiJfiSjri year. tdte Post Office building.
Major Thomas S. McConnelli head of the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board, will meet with interested students and local youths in the central YMCA in Lafayette to* interview and examine applicants for Aviation Cadet Training today and throufihont the week from 8 a.m. to 4 p.n?'.
Are You 18?
A new minimum age limit of 18 years has been established, but the maxijnum age is still 26. Married men are eligible for appointment^, in'ovided their dependents have sujfficient means of support and applicants sign statements to that ef-
fect.
No evidence of formal education is required, since all applicants must take the same qualifying examination, which is designed to establish a minimum level that might be met by a well-read, intelligent man whose education is sufficient to enable him to absorb and comprehend the technical insti-uction of the aviation cadet coarse.
Whee—Pay
Aviation Cadets receive 75 dollars per month plus one dollar a day for subsistence while training and aie furnished free quarters, medical care, hospitalization, uniforms, clothing and equipment. Upon sui^ cessful completion of the 35 weeit liaining they are commissioned as second lieutenants in the Air Corps
Reserve.
For complete information and
' :#
■ i
S'lii , /'''V ■"' 'j;' "'V ’ '-(, a-fr- ''■■ > / " ' ’ ;-'T' '“'f ^, 'r ■.
/;.i
e
Tuesdays
■jiiitajtei
tei*day 100,000 man-hours of work were 'fiilllii'^'ilai^defeilae hfilustries of the United ^safe^rding th in6w55 analyst, H. V. Kal:^1feidiih. work showed us , Jtfiati'tMt is as much w6rk as 480 men could djo if they worked regulation 40-hour weeks ^r ; a Whole year, or as much as one man could de^Wdrking day and night for 13 years. Alt of this time lost by workmen who i, turned their clocks back to pre-war time ; Wlhien meft Were hunting for jobs instead of jobS'-huhtihg for men.‘Lost in spite of the s plea of sDbnald Nelsom production czar that Washington’s birthday be celebrated by working to keep America free. Llost because we still seem to fail to realize that this war cannot be won by vacations, double time pay and excessive profits. < Yesterday's foolhardy action is an example of this ‘ shortsighted attitude. Strangely enough,’ this attitude is most prevalent among ■. the pediDle who\should know what the conditions the‘country is faced with: the leaders of Labor, Government and Employers. Both the management and' the union leaders aigreedthat the men should work. The difference Was over whether the men should be paid regular wages or double time. The unions Said their contracts guaranteed extra pay . tyhiJe employers said they were being loyal by keeping their plants open and didn’t feel that they should be penalized for this good will on their part. ^ The War Productions Board asked that the men Work and offered to mediate any disagreements that arose over wages, but the un-
ions refused saying that they didn’t want to lose the gains they’d ihade after half a century oh more of fightihg. ‘v ui It' In the meantime the federal government sat Complacently (Nelson has no authority to require the men to work) refusing to establish a policy guaranteeing the workers that their privileges would be returned following the war and refusing to guarantee management that labor would not use the war as a lever to enforce its demands. The government straddles the fence. : ; ' Labor stands to lose more by their stand than does^ management because labor may ariuse the opposition of the normally disinterested public to enact something as stringent as the anti-strike legislation that was introduced recently in the House of Representatives. This would set the cau.se of labor back 25 years. Management runs no such risk. ■ With a burst of wit rare to the seventyseventh session of Congress one of the members introduced a bill this past week to give time and a half and double time pay to the defenders of Bataan peninsula. If the bill passes and the defenders ever return to the country, they’ll be able to enjoy this burst of generosity. . ' . ' ■ ■ ' This type of thing, this child-play, seems to be typical of our lack of realization of the seriousness of the situation that faces our nation. Labor, management, government and the general public would do well to work more seriously for a solution to this problem satisfactory to all concerned lest Hitler find a solution satisfactory to none, j.f.a.
lidtes Odmpahifts to Yi^ii tlie CadilRttis — .: A V". j|(iDonnell Aircraft Corp., Robertstmji Mo. Peb. 28 ^and 24, Hamilton Standard l^ropellers (Division of UnitedAlrcraft Cdrp.), E. Hartford, Conn., Peb. 24 and 25. Detroit Edison Company, Detroit, .Michigan,; Peb. 24t Delco Remy Divi-sion of General Motors Company, Kokomo, Inidana, Feb. 26. Harnischfegev Corp., Milwaukee, Wis;,; Peb. 26 and 26. ! ■ . Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wis. (2nd visit). Peb. 26 and 26.,,, Cummins Engine Company, Columbus, Indiana. Feb. 26. U. S. Navy Yard, NavaFAircraft Factory, Philadelphia, pa. Feb. 26 and 27. Group ineeting Feb. 26 at 4:00 p. m. in 214 M- E. Thompson ; Air craft Products, Cleveland, Ohio. Feh. 27. Drackett Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. Feb. 27 and 28. Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa. .Feb. 27. : , , perfect Circle, Hagerstown, Indiana, Feb. 27.
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 1) War Woodriiig, who didn't — all because he. was not hard-boiled enough to chmise between them. • - FfgKf Over Solmbers 'TO' illdsti^te ■ what this situation meant to present day defense. Assistant Secretary Jbhnson in 1940 recommended a long-range bomber iwo^am costing $1,400,000,000. Lmig-range bombers are (he weapons for which we have the most urgentrneCd today. Twice the President has doubled the bomber progratn and demanded increased production; despite which we are still woefully behind. "Ill 1940, however. Secretary of Wat Woodring flatly opposed Johnson’s bomber program. In fact he opposed it so vigorously that‘the two men staged a heated personal row in front of the President. Fmally, the President asked Secretary of the Treasury Morgentiiau to act as arbiter. , By this time, Johnson had pupped his demand and wanted the United States to launch a bomber program of $2,400,000,000. However, MorgBiithau scaled it down to around $260,'000J)00, and actually wrote a memo to the State Department suggesting that in view of the conflict between the Secretary of War and the Assistant Secretary, the bomber program should be in other hands —those of the Treasury Department. At times Woodring and Johnson, with i^ces down; different di - rections of the War Department corridor, were scarcely on speakipg iterms. Yet Roosevelt would not intervene. Thias, the Army dragged along duting one of the most important periods of our war preparation, even for a year after Hitler invaded Poland. it was not until the summer of 1946! that the President finally got tpugh and appointed a new Secre- . tary of War; Henry L. Stimson, • Stim^on Housecleans 'Mr. Stimson already had cai'ved out a, unique place in American history. He-had been Secretary of War in the Taft Cabinet. He had been Gdvernor General of the Philippines under Coolidge. And ho w'as Secretary of State under Hoover. .. In the latter position he did more than any other man, alive dead, to block the Japanese in
China. He was the only statesman who clearly saw the rampage of conquest on which Japan was bent, and did his best to stop it— and at that time it could have been stopped if Stimson had had thefullest cooperation from every quarter. If there was any one man who did his best to enforce the Kellogg Pact, and bring peace'to the world, it was Stimson. , He came within a hair’s breadtli of hueCeeding, but like most farvisioned statesmen, Stimson was ahead of his time. Today, as Secretary of War, Stimson has done a far better job than most people give him credit for. He was the man .who lU’ged the draft act on Roosevelt, even though it came in the middle of an embarrassing presidential campaign. He also has had the wisdom to appoint young, A-1 executives, and to give them full scope. Under him, the Army, which was in the doldrums two years ago, has come forward by leaps and bounds. When Stimson came to office the Army was so short of.gunpowder that restrictions were placed on the firing of salutes by some militia units. But today the Ai’my has more powder even than at the end of the last war. ; •. • Stimson Can Take It One of the Merry-Go-Rounclev.s has known Secretary Stimson a longtime, dating back to th Coolidge and Hoover Administrations. And a few months ago, Mr. Stimson remarked to his then military aide, Colonel Eugene Regnir: “What’s the matter with Drew these days? Is he getting soft? Or is he getting old? He hasn’t criticized us lately. That acid pen of his used to do us a Jot of good.” Secretary Stimson, it should be noted, is not getting soft. He is 75 years old, of course, and not as strong as he Was. He has to conserve his energy, but he is putting every ounce of it into his tough job of Secretary of War. Recently Stimson asked a Senate committee not to harass him with questions, that he was worn out, that though he went to bed at 9 o’clock, he couldn’t, sleep because of worry. Several times, Mr. Stimson has indicated to the President that it might be best for him to step out in favor of a younger man. He was a little reluctant to take the appointment when it Was ofl'ered to him in the first place. But the
Contract Bridge Tourney Opens Saturday; Deadline Friday For Applications Annual All-Campus Contract Bridge Tournament, sponsored .bythe Memorial Union, will begin Saturday afternoon at 1 p.irt. The,tournament \yill be played three sessions weekly. ■. * Gold and silver trophies will be awarded to the champion and run-ner-up teams. Contestants must enter the tournament in teams of two players each, and more than one team from each house may enter. Entry Blanks Available Entry blanks for the contest can be obtained at the west desk of the Union, and should be returned before February 27. There is no entry fee. Since the tournament will be limited to 84 teams it is recommended that applications be returned early in order to be sure of a chance to play. The tournament,' which will be slightljf different this year because of the changed semester, will be directed by C. B. Keminer, a local bridge player. Union WiR Sponsor Defense Tea Dance Defense stamps will be on sale at the door of the regular bi-weekly Union Tea Dance at 4 p.m. today. Patterned after the newly inaugurated Defense Mixers, the dance will be open only to those students purchasing a ten-cent defense stamp at the door. The dance is still free of charge, as the student is entitled to keep his stamp. Music will be supplied by records and will be presented in the north ballroom. Coeds will be admitted free of eharge and without a stamp.
President insisted, and Stimson until the end will he a “’good soldier.” But much as his wholesome influence will he missed in Washington, we think Mr. Stimson will inci-ea.se his already great stature if he paves the way for other badly needed Cabinet departures and insists that the President accept his resignation. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
If any senior is interested in an interview: with: any, of the following cGinpanieg, epmpleto o.neiof-the.yel-, IpW', “Request fpi' interview’’ icards; a. suppjy. of .which is in yoiir schpPl office, .You will; ;be notified, by card from tho; Perspiinel Office .when to sehedide aTi interyiewi: ; , • ;; Coi'rtpg -GlJipfl .'Wei'ks, Charleroi, Pa.y-Feb, ,27.‘ iM E,' ChE, EE„ BS, and PhjD,:, .in Ghemistry,Rhys-: iqists.; - y-Vp ■ Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., Actuarial. Diyisipnj!,New Y.ork,: N. Y.— Undergimduate inen for. summer work, ospeciallyi the,se with a naajop in inathemafies. Anyone intoro.sted, please sign in Personnel Office. Detroit Edison Co., Detroit, Mich. —Feb. 24. Juniors for summer work. Sign in Personnel Office. General Electric Go., Fort Wayne, Ind —ME, PSE, ahd T and IE., If interested sign on sign .“Up sheet in your school office before 3 p. m., Tuesday, Feb. 24. Hai'nis'chfpger Corp., Milwaukee, Wis. Peb. 25 and 26. ME, EE, CE. Chain Belt Co., Milwaukee, Wis. —Feb. 26 and 26. ME, EE, ChE. Perfect Circle Co., Hagerstown, Indiana—Peb. 27. All engineers, preferably ME. Delco Radio, Division of General Motors Corp., Kokomo, Ind. — Feb. 25. EE and ME. If interested, come to the Personnel Office and schedule interview. Boeing Aircraft Co., Seattle, Washington—Feb. 26, 27, 28. Group meeting Feb. 26 at 4 p. m., in 213 ME. Aeronauticals, ME, and CE. Come to the Personnel Office and schedule interview. ' 'Dayton Power & Light Company, Dayton, Ohio—Junior EE’s for summer ^york. Sign up in Personnel office before Saturday, Feb. 28. Collins Radio Company, Cedar Rapids, Iowa—ME Wednesday, Feb. 27. Sign up in Personnel Office by 4:.30 Tuesday, Feb, 26. Harvard Professor To Address Sigma Xi Dr. P. W. Bridg'hian, professor of physics at Harvard University, will speak before an open meeting of the Society of Sigma Xi, s'ciencc honorary, at 7:30 on Thursday night in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. He wall discuss “Some Recent Work in the Field of High Pi'cs-
sures.”
Dr. Bridgman is known to engineers, physicists, and chemists as an authority in the field of high pressures. His appearance here is sponsored by the national organization of Sigma Xi. Students, faculty members, and townspeople ai'e invited to
attend'.
Hfitel Foundation . . . will hold a duggout dance Saturday night in room 363 of the Union. Dancing will Continue from 9 to 11:30, with music supplied by
records.
"The Home and Its, Relation to the Needs of the Family” Will be the subject of a. round thbie diswiseioti to be broadcast over WBAA from 8:16 to 8:30 tonight., The program is one in a series of “Better Homes”
broadcasts.
Participating in the discussion will be Mrs. E. C. Cline of Richjndbdr chairman; of the indigha; seetion of Better Homes in Ahietiea;.and the following University staff,piehlbers:, C. F. Boester, housing: research supervisor,' Prof. Muriel McFarland, of the division of education and applied psychology; and Dr. J, Roy Leevy, assistant professor of; soch oiogy. ■ ■;>. .
9:45 News
10:00 “English History” with Prof. V. L. Albjei’g ; , 10:50 WBAA Presents
10:56 News
11:00 Morning Matinee 11:16 The Bookman 11:30 Memory Lane 11:50; Piirdue News ll:55vNewsi ' '
12 iOO Agricultural Forum
12:16 Meet the Band;
12:46;Music . V; - *
12::ii.News:
1:00’ Parents’ Forum 1:15. Souvenirs : _ 1:30 Script; . 1:45; Markets
1:55: News.
2:00 Story a Day
2:16 Script
2;30: Virginia Ulrey—singer 2:46 Ti’easure Chest ^
2:55'News 3:00 Music
3:16 Aftei'noon Melodies 3:30 Musical Round-Up
3:55 News
4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:15 Heard in the Hallway
4:30 Music
4 :,46 The Curio Man
4:50 Music 4:65 News
5:00 Just Relax 5:16 Employment Service 5:30 Vespers , , 5:45 Little Miss Muft’ett
5:56 News
6:00 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:46 Magic Carpet
6:56 News
7:00 Religious Drama - 7:30 Carolyn Wood—singer
7:46 Music 7:65 News
8:00 Music Without Words—Mildred Johnson - 8:15 .Indiana Better Homes 8:30 Betty Wedge 8:45 Eventide Echoes
8:55 News
9:00 Musicana
9:55 News
‘That’s what I’d Iilce to know, too-^where is the fleet?”
I'.! Ill
Tuesday, February 24
9:00 A;M.—Ready-Mixed Concrete , ; Conference 10:00 A.M.—National Conference of Catholic Leaders 3:00 P.M.—Gold Pepper Interviews 4:00, P.M.—Committee on State of University 4:00 P.M.—Student Union Tea Dance... 6:30 P.M.—Ready-Mixed Concrete Conference pinner 7:30 P.M.—Christian Science Organization 7:30 P.M.—Camera Club ... Round 3 All-Campus Discussion Contest ................... 7:30 P.M.—A.8.M.E. Meeting
Room 263, Union Room 212, Union Room 261, Unjqrt, , Room 263, Union North Ballroom, Union Ea.st Faculty Louhgc, Union,!-. .-i’. Room 303, Union Room 304, Uniion,;’ 0 14 • Rms. 110 and SOSgME .Bldg-
1 Dr. A. M. Irion S DENTIST — § 119 V4 Northwestern A»o. = ^ Phone 4965,, = fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHtiitiiliUliiiitliitiiiiiuiiiiiilUiliiiiinf
Airlines Accept College Girls As Stewardesses American Airlines, Inc., no longer require that applicants for the position of stewardess be registered nur.ses. Instead, according to C. R. Smith, president of the company, preference in employment will be given to young women with college educations. In addition, previous business e.xpericnc'e will be considered.
\Mimm TODAY - WfDNESDAY
MARS
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
TIMELY! THRILLING!
WALLACEBEERY MAR)0RIC'^''l!tWir*’^ CFOP'iE MAIN' '1KST0NE'(^^BANCR0FT
I HELD OVER |huRRY ONLY TWO MO^^YSlI
JirecUif h _ HOWARD HAWKBl _ J>RK,Q ^ Produced bv SAMUf t OOIOWyj^S = krecn Play: Charles Biacliaitk'iBiliy Wi^s
Added
= Waif Disney Carfoon S = ' ■ .."S'
March of TIME'S Far East Comman;
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER
Blue Blazer Tap Boom
Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts.
Walnut Room Gate
Lafayette
y ■ I►
"'-i,
t^hk^fs Coach Roeck Drills
in^ thfe spdtlijsht in Coach Claude . B4eek's Wre8tlii1?,'ii’|lls t)ie past few
P»penguth‘i ranl< §qu3d PaAmois
‘ W!t]& a fecdM mUWo victories ahd two loosed lindelp iheif ^y®‘ ** the.Vareity wiati^ have the Rlvetaj^ taftkel^s.ivill attempt to get on the paying rest period, awaitihg then* sida.hf the hfett Sakltday by defeating the fighting IP i^i^thleLm Ihtlh The awiitifiiingi team will travel to Chamj^ign to take.nn gj^ ofrinK IttmoiS in their,own pool. > ^ ^ s h v v -jb, n x xuxi. utm^
^ ^ „ ’ following tha meet with the Wild- li^AkviiaMu’9A SOd.*) 'Ago far this* sOMOftiRlitiois haig been beaten by the strong^cats t)ie gnintmen.wjil face •**®*"*y' i^coruary z'f,
hi the' conference, Northwestern) Chicago, and the * Western Conference opposition l^fittfeaofeB. The Blinl, however, have defeated sev^al'iaquatic ^ Chicago,
i^^ds' siibstantihi lhairgins,
IM Schedules
iJiWiiiii,
BAStCETBALL
Tuesday. February 24
Court -
7 ‘00 Kappa Delta, B)io vs Phi Gamma Delta 7:16 Phi Kappa Psi vfc. ^au Kappa Ep-
silon
7:00 7:15 8:00
15
helttg Kansas and lowa State.
tj^Agd ha? lobnuedwith one of the i- taams ih the^Big Ten and I ’ with thfe better'Swittiming
a'i^ayst.bf the Conference.
'/ ' TWc vHlrf capable men in the _
h,....!. TI1‘ • t, I. Kappa Si^mn Vb TrianRle oacK-strO(ce for Illinois are Roach g i5 Theta chi va Phi Kappa
and Boor. Another outstanding man _ oh the Orapge and Bine’s list is j^^lUjrjbman who> swims the 220 and ' Jtt0,e-,?tyje, Brekke, a 220‘-yard i^an; Middleton,' prominent Illini •' “ spdng'board artist; and Gei-ometta, ^a sprintei^ are other notables on
the lllin&ia tankers^
Briekhpn Bi
'CoAch Dick Papenguth has been handicapped during the past week by the loss of Ctirly Anderson and Cliffy Erickson, Boilermaker mainstays, due to sickness. It is doubtful whether Erickson will be ready f6r the coming week-end, but Anderaort should be back in shape for
the '
If Curly returns to full strength
Theta XI ya Tap Epsilon Phi Delta Upsilon vs Phi Delta Theta Delta Tau Delta vs Lambda Ghi
Alpha
Sigma Pi vs Theta Tau
Barnard Court S
7:00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
7 15 Della Chi vs Sigma Pi EpaUon
8:00 Ward 2 vs Ward 3
8 15 Alpha Tan Omega vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
March 1E*14.
Freshman reserve strength on the squ?d has been swelled to 1'? grapplers, bi^t of that large number Only twq have had high school experience. Coach Reeck, foi that reason, is devoting popsiderablO time to the frOsh training program. Another Fredericks iJerry Fredericks, Hammond, brother of Capt. Casey Fredei leks, varsity mat star, ^and Ban Nettesheim of Milwaukee are the two yearling members whose past experiences have made them oittstanding. Freshman practice started at the close of football season and is expected to last for about anothei montjh.
Sigma Pi Trackmen Hofd, Lead h Annual Fraternity
Edijtoii'B l)B}t Ib at thB lieftn of th^ Boundorltis: Gestapo while skipper Johnson is in the Windy City.
I
Trackmen Invade I.U.
^ Yale Topples Michigan
Michigan’s mighty swimpting squad finally tumbled from the ranks Shot Put Stars
of the undefeated the other day. The score was 59-J.6 and Yale, com- i Thp Sigma Pi’s owe their first mander of the eastern aauatics drove the Wolverines to the bottom, day lead to the efforts of their shot Swimming authoiities last year predicted that the Bulldog tankers would^ putters, who giabbed first and secbe victors last year, and even in 1939 the Yale squad was supposed to ond places in the event. Bob Kersey win. But something happened. Only it didn’t happep last Saturday. Mich- added more points to the leaders’ igan was swamped. ' total by taking third in the 60 yard
By Jim Framer
Sigma Pi fraternity jumped to an earty lead fn 41^1^1 fraternity indoor track and field meet Held yiesfei’^jf noon in the Fieldhouse. The Sigma Pi's ended tile total of ten points and following close on their heels teams representing Beta Thet^^Pyand PH Deltaeiglit points apiece. Eepresentatives of tiie lti!^eSatt^xS^0iute found themselves left with xjuite a jdb on theif liaildslP^i^^^RllIf to keep some semblance of order among the hordes df a%||^ tious trackmen who turned out to do or die foi* old* ot(i .
01.„x t>..x ax„-„
Hdosier Thinly Stars Await Thursday Clash By Clint Sowards ?
Coach Hermon Phillips, Boilei-
For Week-End,!^
Against.iiKhc
L- ► Bulldogs Lose Veterans hurdles. The Beta’s garnered
The Wolverines, who knocked Dick Papenguth’s tankers to Davy tbeir points by taking the first two
team in each event deteimine the jokes’ locker wit ha ^5-29 count two weeks ago, weie beaten in all of plnces in the hurdle event, while winner. laces by a total of only several seconds. Incidentally, Yale will lose Belts tied them with a first gmatfeing from The team with the lowest total for most of its fine swimmers this year when they lose the senior aggre- broad jump, a third in the jjjg
_ 1.1^.,..., an event is declared the winner, and gation, most of which is composed of former prep-sehool teammates who two mile run, and a fourth place in nhirf M t he ■will bolster the team in his usual runners to the chmntis of the points toward its final have seen sei-vice together for as many as six years. Even m prep meets hurdles. maker squash* squad is‘ hack^stroke. Dick Kratser, captain Ih^rHoosiers at record-bxcaking times. This afteinoon at 4 m the Field- Z l of the Gold and Black, is likely to lighting Hoosiers, at Bloomington, distances gamed by all the en- lu. ,v,nof ^,ii Ui. m
swim in both lelays and in the 440 Grants of a team are added and a
fred-style, his usual meet peiform. Fieldhouse at 7:30 with a Con-
► Greyhound^ Ride High brought to Indianapolis Athletic CkibrfH^^t-
• j rru T j Indiana Centi^'al’s Greyhound hardwood squad annexed its 26th stiaight a close with the running off of the urday on the FieMEouse c&srts;^
. r—-- ference track meet, the third for.tha Indiana- ^jetpry last wdek-end against Manchester, 59-36, That 26th win means lemaining six events. Included on The Gold and Black apees. n the 20^yard swim Vern Ti^^noviviaii-ova +x.io Boi^nrmalfer meet Ijas been run in Greyhounds, in winding up their season, have copped the Indi- schedule will be the 60 yard Jow Wolverines Ami
ana, Conference championship. Only a post-season game, with, say, bin dies, the high jump, the pole Saturday, expects a Butler University would be likely to mar the Greyhounds’ record. The vault, the 440 yard dash, the mile ment with I. A. C.^whii^pf^i^^Iy Butler Bulldogs, usually the dominant factor in the Doosier league, have vun, and the relay. Pi Kappa Phi defeated the Bivetdr screamed supremacy at every chanee,^ but the Little Giapts of Wabash fraternity is the defending indoor eight-man tgimney
Hansel and Jim Krueck will oppose Illinois’ Hartman and Brekke. Prank Branner has been steadily impx’oving and should be in top condition fof Saturday’s meet, swimming the 60-yard free-style.
pivers Toug'h
Boilermakers this season and the, manner foi the last two seasons, second for the Bloomingtonians. ^ut this year it has been decided
tp run the affair normally.
Thursday with one loss and a yjc- R^cprdsiTied To Date
tory. Chicago provided the victory, and Ohio State dished out the de-
The records of the two schools
feat. Indiana stands a bit lower than farin^he^vea^Tn^thLuc'event^ dropped'them.tp fourth place, pr^tW loiy for Tpny Hkltle’s usual-con
tl*auetoa*,(.»tbyj, l,W.sc,re Hoosiertakmg fargwa abpatxime
Jahnny Jaangrt, »ophoia»e div- „ the hands at the aiini in their Z Slav on Panon,r„fh-« +ankov«. eneacemcnt of the season basketball, the Boiler-
soie engagement ot tlie season. makers retalliating m swimming ans anged ^ wrestling. A last chance for the
This mept at Bloomington Thurs-
I: .! ®®n total comes Thursday.
The way the dope in the old bucket
a lelay meet. In this typo of meet the total of points earned by each
ipg star on Papenguth’s tankers, has proven himself one of the better divers in the Western Confei’ettce in the past few meet perfoi mances, and will be teamed up with Herman Bauer when the squad
journeys to Champaign.
'^Pappnguth hopes to take <?tride, and the fol- vail, according to mentot Papen^il (Send the aquatics guth. . , aga^t (Jhlcago and Moiiihwestern. If the Boilermakers can remain 4^1 TOjr^hf lihese contests should at full strength they have a good be hard*fooght battles, and a good chance of taking these future meets exhibition of swimming should pre- by small mai’gms.
I* *'' ■<
THE
UNION ROOMS
in the northeast wing u^ ii: of the Union is a
I , ’ S' p'i
!m
These attractively decorated rooms are available to the UNIVERSITY
TRANSIENT GUESTS 1- j i 1 I r ft at any time. We are glad to accommodate you.
JhL fijUJtduSL WsmufdaL lAnwfL
Tfie Cotner of the Campus-^ Tet the Center of Activities
is piled, the Boilermakers stand to return Thursday^evening victorlpus; however dope in the Riveter-Hoosier fray is, meaningless.
AAU Champs
Captain Bert Anthony of the Riveters, Llpyd MacEachren, and Kieth MacLaughlin, the three Boilermaker thinlies who came through for championships in the 440 yard dash,
prompHy deflafrA ,them. Tke fWah^sh win ovpr thq Indianapolis team t'^^® holder
“ I Incomplete team summary:
Sigma Pi 10 points BHHy, iHfitps T^tiring
Boin^Bafe^, fp^r^<Bc^^rinalsp^ hurling star, who is under contiact witl^ jihe,jCincinna,|i,]|gdS) has volunteered hjs services to improve Coach Dutch-F,ehriug’s pitching stars duiing the indoor .drill season. Bailey, who waa a mound sfri! for Purduq la 1939 jand 1,940, has hgd two years of professional,experience on t}ie Reds’ farm teams, and has been woiking out daily with, tpe Boilermaker rhatteriga. He fixst broke into piofes-
sional ball af Lenoir, N.C., in 1940, and last summer pitched foi both S'smn P’, ^econd. Anderson. Sipia Phi T->. j 1 1 Tilt 1, Ai 1 TT . . f Epsilon, thud. Winning distance S6 feet 8
Riverside, CaL, and Muskogee, Okla. He expects to enter the Navy m mche.
May ,
Phi Delta Yheta Beta Theta Pi Phi Kappa Psi
Theta Chi
Kappa Delta Rho Phi Gamma Delta
8 points 8 points 6 points 5 points 6 points 5 points
First day summary
Shot Pwt—Close, Sigrma Pi, first, Kfer-
Illinois
the high jump, and the two mile run, Purdue respectively in the state AAU meet Indiana held here last Saturday, are all ex- Minnesota pected to be in top form Thursday; Iowa and with backing by Kron m the Wisconsin hurdles; Keim in the dashes; Northwestern J^ptschi Appleton, Deusler, and Ohio State KetB^ ip thg distances it looks fore- Michigan bq^ipg fpr the Hoosiers. Chicago
Big Ten Standings Gun Squads To Enter
Competition March 5
lis. Saturday’s tUsslewilf from each squad in action/u
at 2:30 p.m. Repeat Lhieap
Coach blevett will probablj on the services Of *
stein. Bond, Boydston
the victors of the norfiteitx
be the backbones of the
ray to face the AtMfetic CA\&' " / Headed by Ned Teaney, BrA.
athletic director, the will count on Roberts,
Wright, and R. G. Wright nucleus of the invaders. - Langsenkamp, star-raemhexr
W. 11
8
L.
1 4 4 4 4 5 8 9 9
14
Pet. .917 .666 .666 .666 .666
bO Yard Dash—^Noolting, Fhi Gamma Delta, first. Maloney, Phi Kappa Psi, second , Bailey, Delta Tau Delta, third. Time 6 6. bO Yard High Hurdles—Gutting. Beta Theta Pi, first, Brebner, BeUi Thot^ Pi, second Kersey, Sigma Pi. tJuriL Time—
Half Mile Run—Tustkorn Kappa Delta team, has been lost to the army,'bixt
Rho, first, Stovei Alpha Gamma Rim, sec- ij^.
Second semester distinguished
Howitzei squad competition will be held on Maich 3 at 7:30 p. ni. in .583 the Aimoiy and will be open to the .333 public. Ton squads each composed .308 of ten sophomores will take pait in .308 the contest. Junior cadets have ,000 trained the squads. All tiaining and pi’actice has been conducted as
an extracuiiicular activity.
The insti'
ond, Bobrowski, Phi Kappa, third. Time
2 10 2
Broad Jump—Hinch, Phi Delta Theta, first, Spetner, Tau Epsilon Phi, second. McMillan, Alpha Chi Rho, third. Distance —20 feet 2ti inches Two Mile Run—Willi, Theta Chi, first, Mason, Phi Kanpa Psi, second, Weinfurt'ner, Ph! Delta Tfietar thifd Tipie—ID:59,2
jGeller, who has Won all
matches for the past thred yeais^
is expected to pace the IndaCs.
Boilermakers
Alpha Kappa Lambda
soc4af%Kk^eri
* ^Continued: from pagy X\ ' ^ usual manner, holding the Nofril* western offense to a staxt^ifi^lH tlj,e, &st three quartets. Ufttil tbgse
SHIRTS q.39 PRINTS-BROADCLOTH I
PRINTS - BROADCLOTH White and Assorted Col 'orfi, and sleeve lengths. • fiVDESTRUCTIBLE
COLLARS
TYBEST TIES Wrinkle-proof The tie of a perfect knot 55c - $1.00
TMeiid^ & Wangerin
6^2>626 Main Street ; v:
hiounces
the initiation of the fpUowfp^^m^p:
NealF.Ml4viha^^i>Vt to lake most ofiarsESI
Miacmnculai- actmty. Weathers?™, WffXTN. “"f*- . ‘ : i. • le competition Will be judged by g Wilbur El’khart* Wilmer C ' ^®®^® ®P®"ed the scoring-witlr * Tictors of the military depaxt- Woodward,Soqtb BAtaa,^^.; Je/win foRowing a-feW friijment and will consist ol inspection ^ Mansfield, 0.; laW'Mr l^,ter with a free thr|» .b6
of competitors, oial examination m ^ McEacbrpn, I^tfrfield, Idaas,
knowledge of the guns and pei- ^ ' leakers ahead^ 3-0
foimancG in gun drill. Biq Ten Scores
H. W. Gregory
Purdue, 56; Northwestern, 40. Michigan, 61; Chicago, 37, Illinois, 45; Wisconsin, 43. Iowa, 55; Indiana, 52.
Jake
chatity toss and Graham, a
throw to tie it up at 3-3»thaif Friisj^ Spiowl hit two of his atrch s1lot4|ii
of the dairy husbandly de- a low to s|ai^ a ao^g,3pred^^t paitment, will attend a meeting of put tjhe 6qld and ah^ad the Co-operative Puie Milk Asso- with eigtt more *mip4tes te
the half. !l^rom here W
ciation in Kentland on Tuesday.
We’ll put your clothes right back in the fashion book looking fresh and perk. A good cleaning will restore colors to vie with any of spring’s popular hues. A good pressing will restore neat lines.
Norlliweslern at Vine
Phone 4081
half time both teJ^
ets wi^ Rlaakie* ing the Pm-due lead
Menke were replaced: |ihd Conrad with a few minifies rel^iAiDg after esiCh had[ eomtu^dscdsJti?
third personal iofuL
Riley held the Wildtote Otto Graham, field' gqftUesss' lit period, but the Pui^l^ counted six times front the on eight chances, , Two^.mihttt*^ progressed hefote Tierney.hit,a|%^ throw to start a Boilermai^frjyyjp rage. Sprowl, Blankeft, and ' began hitting on fast 'brg^ plays and in the rest of ther ten minutes built the score without letting the Wildcdl?a single point. Wendlund next hit a>eOu| baskets but the Boilermak^',' tinued scoring, holding a 49^ as the Purdue substitutes^ pouring into the game. Otto Graham hit 9 of throws, but couldn’t hit the ^ front the field until the minutes when he counted last five minutes was full Hit h" cepted passes and race hQiae*] with Caress hitting just
final gun.
Captain Don amazing shooting,' night to lead the scoring, wlf^, points. Sprowl contribnt^'h%’ mal 15 points to the winners':
»'V Sfc; J-tru5^
Two Uravers% of Teotad members—the «fiy N’orMr^Al cans t(^ receijrp tWs honpR -lid been elected c<w\'e$^n4ini\ bers of the ArgepHi^’ for Historical Studies!
X-r: t-
mumgii'
^ ^ ^ ^ 1^ f ' { ^ ^ {j * 5 ^ ^ ^ I ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ 1 K / i iPurdue Exponent Tuesday, February 24, 1942
, f #r’>
Annual Short Course Strickler Meets Photography Course Meeting To Feature On Concrete Opens' Philippines Will Convene Tonight Pie, Movtei,Next Tuesday
^ OO t ^« Tn'i<'i«l t\-» cm f i n rx c* ^^■f 4-1-if ticiit ivx T^io jncl li n Vvt r\i rxn <a I'S'irtViPw IT
100 To Attend
PIA Independent Botvlmi;; The BotAinp: schedule is posted in the bpwlmp: alleys of
the Union Matches arc scheduled for Tucs
21 at '(>
day Feb
at '(> do p m and S 30 p m
KILLEGREW
Expect
With the speed up ef national dc teJise production as its kevnotc the thud annual shoit com so on icadi, mixed conciete will open a two da\ session this inoinmp: in loom 2fii ot the Union The pin pose o1 llu touise, which is expected to attiact over 100 enpineeis, contiactois and public officials, IS to discuss the ini poitance to the war effoit of con
Major Dudley Strickler, 38 years old w is the first former University student killed in action in the Philippines, acioidiim to a wai depait iiicnt ic)ioi( lecencd Febiuaiy 11 h\ his inothei Mrs Loia Strickler
cietc which is mived en loutc fiom giaduated in 1027
Initial meotinss of the new in Pie and huVnoi ous movies, instinctional couise in the use oi the stead ol eni>ineciing discussions, camel a, sponsoied by the Caineia will be fcatuicd at the ASME Club, will be held tonight at 7 30 ifeeting at 7 30 p in next Tues111 Room 304 of the Union d<ly in looin 207 of the Mechanical
The couise, which consists of five Engineering Building
lectin es and three laboiatoiy pen Since the meeting will be open
of MiddUton and his bi othei, Wyatt ods, will stai t with the fundamental only to membeis of the Ameiican Stiukki ot \ndcison pi mciples of photogiaphy and will Society of Mechanical Engineers, Maioi StiickUi was giaduatcd include up-to-date methods The lec those pcisons who wish to attend fioin ( uhci Militaiy Academy and tuies will include discussions ol ex- must hung Iheii membeiship caids (iitcicd till Unneisitj in the fall of posuie, development and punting to the mam office of the ME Build1320 Hi became a membei of Phi methods by membeis of the club and ing to obtain tickets befoie noon
Kapp 1 Sigma and latoi left the Uni by professional photogiapheis today ^
icisiti upon leceiving an appoint- Laboiatoiy peiiods will be held in In addition to having pie foi monf to Mkst Point fiom which he the Camera Club’s modern daik eveiy membei present, strictly non-
Purdue Playeru New members who desne Iccys \5fiil oloasc leave their names and $2 76 with the bocretnry at Fowler Hall bcfoio 12 00 noon Saturday Feb 23 -GOIL
Union Workers* Meeting of Riding club committee Wednesday Feb 26 at I 16 in the Union oflice Kaplan Gee Puimnn, Olmsted Rutherfmd Cnrtwcll Smith Grimei Richio Pendergnst be there - GOSSFTT
ASME Deadline for memberaWp. In ASMte this year will be Friday, Mareb »< Membership blanks arc available In IJie
M E office
-TOPINKA
Gold PepperB Dinnei mcetinK at i ‘I'i p m Thuibday Feb 26 at the Alpha Chi house Call Beth Partenheimei by Wednes d ly noon Feb 26 if you are Unable to at tend —SCARFF
Co-op PurcliasinK Aitcnts Meotinc Feb lunry 21 in fiCA loom But thmprs will bo discussed All purehusinir nKcnts be theie Ol Bciul a 1 tpi obcntative —MOGAVERO
WAA Basketball Piactices Wed and Eri of this week ending I eb 27 One practice in addition to intiimural piaetice is le(imied --HENNIS
Undcrgraduali Dames Eoimal initiation will be held luesday Feb 21 at Lincoln Lodge at " 30 p m Please call 66022 foi 1 esci vatioiis Those not bavin r transpoi-ta tion mtet it "■ p m in main lounge of the Union U( piompt VOI.MER
WAA Ping-Pong: First round ot tournament must bo played off by Wwliiesday, Fetiruaiy 26 The lollowirig girls are hCbeduled to play Beck vs Heekart, Shell vs. Fouts Waterbury vs Meinzer Evans vs Brackman, Faustich vs Jones, Williamson vs Blank Miller vs Schuber, Bradshaw vs Ford Wampler vs Bower, Mennen vs VerHoeven Buergler (B) vs Campbell Kendall vs Rosencrans •—SCHUBER
Newman Club Discusbion meeting Tuesday lei) 21 It 7 10 pm in loom 236 of the Union —RUNNION
Alpha Pill ( mega Meeting Tuesday Feb 23 It 7 10 p m in room 307 of the Union Skippei Wilson will speak - SIGEFRI
Triton Club Pledging will take place in the womens pool Tuesday Feb 23 at 7 30 pm Old members leciuiied to attend -KRAFPl LII N
looms The laboratory woik will m-
tho plant to the job vheie it ma\ Strickler had thi ec years elude exposure, processing and neg-
be poured into place immediateh gg,china and had been in the ativc film development, printing and gram up6n arrival Philippines about two years He is enlarging, contact printing and the
technical movies such as short skits anfl comedies will complete the pio-
YWCA Social Service Group Impoifant mcctmiJ: on Tuenday I cb 21 at 1 16 pm at Misv I* B Kni’-ht on tciiv Lnnc Call mL It 2566 foi ni^sti uotious to j^et Ihoio McCRARY
All Former Stoiitft Skippti Wilson will spoik it an o!Kn rnodinM: (f Alphi Phi Omij^i InuMday Id) 21 il 7 10 p m in loom T0< ol tin Union You ait also in\ it( d to a1t« !ul SIOITR
ASME McmberH Thoro will he n cloac^ nicctniK TU-xt luenday I cb 24 nt 7 80 in tiu cvtiiinR: in joom 207 ot the M E build^ iiiK rhoso mombertt wishintf to ko tnufle obtain tickets by presentinB their TOpW* borship cartls in th< IVl F office Satuiday noon Ffb 21 Rie^ And movies will ho in Older —TOPINKA
Scriveners Mettinp: toni^iht Fuesdav Fib 21 it ^ TO in lo m 21 T of th( Union Cfucsts aic inviUd - RlEGf L
Till Bell Pi Mfctmpr Wednesday Fd) 21 in ro m 2J2 ol Una n at 1 TO p m loi all iTK mix iM I)is( UBsjou (f spnnp: pl(dt ms m(flio<l ^ — MUNGT R
Independent BtafT Ri'scrvations for stall bamtuet are due in the Independent offito'^by Wednesday l‘’eb 26 Signify whethd you aic brinBlnpr a date Any* ont not makinp: a lesorvation will be left out —SMULEVITZ
With a di«^cubSioii of the puiposo*^
suivTved by his wido\^ and two chil Bse of the enlaigei
of the school and the Mrowmg of Stiickler, 6, and Samud The couise is open to anyone in
movies, the piogiam will get under stric’klei, 3, who have been living in teiested, and the only cost is that way this moining V P Aheain, MpuHmn M,« Binre tlipv lift tho of the film used
secietary ol the National Readr Mixed Concrete Association, will open the piogiam in the afternoon with a talk on “The Position oi the Ready Mixed Conciete IndCistiv in the War EfFoi t ’’ F M Welch oi the Ameiican Aggregate Coip vdl speak on the aggregate piodrction of the ready mixed mateiial and W. W Hadley of the Indiana State Highway Commission will tell how the Commission uses leay mixed conciete in oidei to speed up its
woik
Tonight Di L M Sears of the history, government and economics ilepartment, will bo the guest speak
ei at the banquet to be held foi those educational attending the school Tomoiiow will asjiccts ot
Meiidian, Miss, since they left the
islands secoial months ago
Notices
Afirricultunst Applualions lor positions on iK\t yiai slnll must be tuintd in b\ noon Satuni ly Itluun 28 Appluation Hanks aie i\aiiil)lc in thi AiriRulturist rllicc SNYDFR
MI 311 Make lip exams Fs iinin itions to ifin vt ( ami 1 snubs in Ml TO vsiM It T,iv nSiluiluy MauhH i! 1pm ininm 101 ol th( Ml I uildiiif^ J U is( notify me il ml Kstnl - (,r Kil U
Nil A Workers NYA chocks for period imlinj. 111) 7 lu now available at the (ashiii s otficc in the Lxcciitive building —HOLLENSBE
Ed Gannon To Broadcast Over WLW Today At 12:45
Classified Ads
Siemu Delta Chi Initiation tollowccl l)v liiotcbsioii il (linnci mtetiuK: Satuidaj Fch 28 at 5 00 p m in tin. Union Dive Ihomp son Lililoi ol I’lairic t armer mil J R Bfuhim cdiloi >1 th Terre Haute Star vill speal ntAUGOTl
Alpha Zela AUimlinti ot ill mi mini itriuirtii at meitini, liii ila> lih 21 a 30 pm in room 21) ol the Union — SWAIM
Ihi
Union Workers All mimbci
Blowsing Room Committii pk isi miit ii loom 301 of thi Union it 1 1) pm Cius iliy r(.b'2l Be th 11 HUDSON
Soiiily of Aiiloinotiic I ngintors All mimh rs (I sitilif, (i i 1 I iin illii in Ihi SAI iu\l VI 11 sloulil i mil t Ihi nui.tini' in loim lOi Union hinklinc al t 10 Ihiiis tl O III) I I his 1 i ni« sjstim mil iiloisliil nutniiiis sho ilil 1 III ii I) ) ivi II 11 \i upon I in I 11 m iki niminihons KI II
Soiitly 1)1 Automotive EIngiiteers. Will all mimhrts who have alrcmly joinoil Uie oil ty pliasi siRii till list on the SAE hullilin 111) ml in thf automotive lulioraliiv' Wi null viiui names, aildrcsBea, and III) III! uumliiis 111 iiimplite our records —KEIE
Fouith membei oi the Univcisity
Type-vriUr*—Adding Maehiuis ill makee sold ri nteil npairiil mil | iireliaseil Mime
Student Ushers Suiilmt ishcis ml po hei il viisitv I isUthill ( imcs i I then morii\ il till till It illi i m llii I i tilhimsi . noiN
Battery D3 6th tniund Cii sipii I dull It the aimoiy ln[.innm„ it 1pm on Iih 2) and 27 SMAI I
WAA ShiilTklinaril 1 ii I inliil f I im n mil III mtisl In plijul nil t\ Widnisiltv I h 2 1 h I II iwii I II Is III si III dul I t |l > Hill s U )%\ 1 V lilt sin \s I Is Is II I ill V '3eliiili I Joins \ Mil I V s{ mini R
Dine Tonight ;; NU CHINA GRILL | CHOW MEIN — CHOP 5UEV 409 Columbia St.
piogiam “Short Course of the Air,” will bo Pi of Ed A Garmon, oxtcii Sion daiitnirn On his bioadcast at 12 43 today Gannon will discuss ‘ Moie Milk Piom the Food Dollri ’ The piogiam is sponsoied by the ladio station WLW and pi escnts '
inloimation about the gi icultui e Specialists
Eafiiyelti l’honc27i‘l
1^
htll
Vot il lessons 1 l ISI 1 lipils
■slriii 11 11 1 III I lull mill t i| il A idil 1 n 11 1 Stiidi I ihi II I I
1 iiv suits I Iss 1
1 til Is ipp i Nu di I nssii n I pi d t 1 p 11 in 1 lu lliiildin„
Iinpoilml riKilmg 111 W I dnis I IS 111 . iilin„ n m I r Ih
SOU I IIMA6 n
Il I
I I
1 ost
R \s 1 1 I
Sr il 1 11 I 11 (hi Y I
Fiiriliio Uiligiiius (oiiniil Rtgiileii in i mg Wiilnisd IV 1 ih It ^ to p m in ll C lincil Olli 1 1 im '"8 in Ih lliii i l> Iiipii uill S|i ik II Will ION
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
W lili im I ul 1 w
Ll I ( ill UH)
I ost V t ( t )1 S)nif »ul
ill T >U\ R
kli 1 C (him AU III Mtmbtrs \i c-vinv il( <1 lo itt n
th Alii m tint. W lu liiy HI 2 TO 1 m lu 1 om 2>1 11 Buihluij 1>
C h< m I I II ( ill ITi ly will lit llu sfHikci KRAYITIII
he given ovci to the demonstiation f,oni agiicultuial colleges in the , f"''
and design of mixed concrete with laboratoiy testing of samples sub mitted foi the purpose There will also be a round table discussion of opeiating problems and cold weath Cl operations, and a film on plant
layout
midwest aie piescntcd on the hiord casts
Hi o\N r
ik
{'“2) Rlw 11 I
1( ilhc i /ipi ( II {( uni] 1 I
Chnstn UK i tin '■ i m TOT
n Stieiue Orirani/ition Rci li t 7 TO pm lu(s(la> l(b 21 1 f the Union I OCKWOOl)
I ost Hi )w (I ly Rr till n l
I I illf I I in U K I\iivbii:
11 iv( tt( Siin 702( Row lid
PIA Iih H'lllu )
l(i D inco will b( h( Id Saturd ly liom 3 to 6 30 I m in th 's utli of tho Union —AHSIIII U
Delta Tau Delta
Somthworth^i,
Phi Sigma Kappa
social iiateinitv
announces the pledging ol the iollowingmcn Phil W Winton, Jim G Mitchell and Bob P Marschke of Indianapolis Dick L Collister Shaker Heights O Larry E Col-
rnnounces giorc Biiniincham Mich, ind
the election ol the follow mg officci s Pi evident Howard J Willhoyte Vice piesident Allan J Buckreus Sccictaiy, Ernest E Grider Ticas nrei, Edwin L Karpick Si ntinc Dale F Kiester Rush ('’a nan Leslie S Wheeler Co IiU I c hail man, David L Shook
Dave B Lindsay Sarasota Fla.
GREETING CARDS FOR /LL OCCASIONS
lltmtirsily hA Sleio
TABU
Smoiildfiing i 'tlU lie id \ "iilln liagiainc mniiioK djHturlmig wluit woiii on gowns oi liiiu wluui Ii Ktriains loi dav^ (\(n wi iv-, \nil now von no longf r liavi lo w nl loi sonn om lo Innu voni pi(- < if)ns lABl iioin Mixko, ( nli i oi Spam wi lino itli(*i< llu Pal linn SI 7 > di <nn ( ologm SI 73 SI 00
MUSIC Is the First Line DEFENSE
of
Civilian Morale
RECORDS
in ALBUMS A (>)inpletc Selection of • Opciatic • Sweet Swing • Ja// Classics
AT THE RECORD SPOT ■k
[ lillllK il .SIIIW HOKE
308-10 STATE ST WEST LAFAYET FE, IND
SoulllUUH ill’’s
Get longer wear from your fine clothes . . .
Crown Cleaning Regularly
Assures Lonecr Wear.
4 Laueidsy
Fop of lii(' Hill
GOT IT?
(V
Well Hurry Up and
A./
Gi T Z T ^
Before the Price Rise to $5.50, MARCH 6th.
1942 DEBBIS
The Way to Cut Expenses
and Increase Sales
Is to Advertise
in
the
PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT
i I
' I
«< i