Purdue
x-m
Exponent
id^
< r
Hi ►*%!
1, 4
Lafayette. Indiana
TUESDAY
May 16. 1939
Vol. 50
No. 183
pf>
i/
l t 1
Riveter Baseball Team Faces Irish Here Today stimulated by unpleasant memories of the stinging 9-0 defeat which Notre Dame handed the Boilermaker nine a few weeks ago, Coach “Dutch’* Fehring’s baseball team, now sharing the leadln the Big Ten race with Iowa, will attempt to even matters today in the return tilt with the Irish sluggers on RossAde field this afternoon.
The Riveter team is also anxious to get back into their winning stride after losing a fluke game to the last place Ohia State nine, although the Buckeyes were outhit and outplayed in every respect. Hitting Improves In their initial tilt with the highly touted Irish nine the Boilermakers were ineffective in their hitting. Since then their batting averages have been raised considerably, especially in the slugfest displayed in the series with Ohio State, and Coach Fehring is hopeful they will retain their hitting eye in the game today. Although the pitching choice is still somewhat indeflnite, it is indicated tonight that Dick Wargo, stellar sophomore right hander, probably will open the game on the mound for the Riveters. Thirteen Wins Victorious in thirteen of their seventeen games so far this season, the Boilermaker squad is well on its way to a conference championship with only four more conference games to play, the most impressive record of any recent Gold and Black nine. The Boilermakers will get back into the conference scramble next Friday when they journey to Champaign for a two game series with the Illinois squad who are now holding down seventh place in the Big Ten standings. Friday will also find every Big Ten team seeing action in conference play in a week that should go far in deciding the standing of the league as only twenty more Big Ten tilts remain to be played before the close of school. Riding Club ... . . . members will meet Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p, m. in the Student Union office for the first meeting after the Gymkhana, which they staged for the Mothers’ Day program last Sunday. A full attendance of all members is expected to elect officers for next year.
Ticket Deadline For Stage Stump Studio Banquet Thursday Set Today is the deadline for tickets to the Stage Stump Studio Banquet, which is to be held at Lincoln Lodge on Thursday, May 18. Tickets may be obtained from the English office, the Playshop office, or from WBAA. All who have participated in debating, radio work, and dramatics were issued invitations to the annual banquet. In addition, those who appeared in “The Mikado” were asked. Any who have participated in these activities and have not received their invitations are asked by the committee to see Pat Hiene, who is in general charge of the affair. Transportation will be provided. Cars will leave Fowler Hall at 5:40 o’clock. The affair will be over eatly in the evening. Geraldine Elliott, program director of station WJR at Detroit, will be the speaker of the evening. Her interests cover drama and forensic affairs as well as radio, thus reaching all activities present at the banquet. Bob Sasser, senior debater, will be toastmaster. L. S. Winch of the speech department will belabor the students in a razz session, while Henry Miller of WBAA will respond with some jibes at the faculty. Playshop, radio, and debating will supply the program. Members of the “Mikado” cast will sing. Dancing will be provided between courses of the banquet and after the program. Awaids will be made in each of the three branches of extra-curricu-ar woik in speech. Playshop will lecognize its best talent, debate will name its outstanding men, and WBAA will select its announcer who has shown the greatest improvement. Playshop will select officers for the next year after the banquet.
Majority Of College Students Want More Vocational Training, Specialized Study
By Joe Belden, Editor
Student Opinion Surveys of America Austin, Texas, May 16—Modern American education, in the opinion of the majority of the million and a half college students now getting educated, is not meeting present day
needs.
Six out of every one hundred students in our colleges and universities have some indictment to make. The Student Opinion Surveys of America have discovered this in a national poll conducted for the Exponent and eighty-seven other campus publipations cooperating in these studies. Some may say that the average college boy is a chronic complainer about his school work. But interviewers for the surveys found that most of these students are able to put into words what they think education needs. The great cry is for more vocational training and specialized study. Overwhelmingly, collegians every where made that statement—although many were found who want colleges to change their courses of studi^ with an emphasis on^cultural background and/ liberal arts. / Still, approximately, every student approached seemed to say, “We are getting too much theory that we cannot use in finding a job when we step from college into a world
crowded with unemployed.” That attitude goes hand in hand with a lecent poll taken by the surveys in which students declared they believe they are facing a world that offers less opportunities than it did before
they were born.
Whether the American college student is right or wrong the surveys do not try to point out. This IS merely a record of what they say and why. For example, there are a good many who would like to see education “atuned to the world of today, modernized.” Faults, they say, are found in curricula that do not fit individual needs, and there are many incompetent teachers. This might be corrected, one stqdent suggested, by paying faculties high-
er salaries.
Some state that schools should teach more patriotism, educate people to distinguish between democracy and “isms.” There is too much emphasis on grades, some hold—■ and a few even complain that the courses they are now taking are “snaps’—^too easy. ' Perhaps pointing to local conditions, students of the Middle Atlantic states were the least satisfied, while those of the West Central and Southern sections split almost 50-60 on the question, “Generally, do you think education is meeting present
day needs?”
Senior Snooper’s Banquet To Reveal Secrets Of Co-eds Private lives of senior co-eds will be revealed today at the “Senior Snoopers” banquet which will be held in the Home Economics cafeteria at 6:16 p. m. All women graduating at the end of the summer school and in January of next year, as well as those who will receive diplomas in June are invited to attend the banquet. For the past month, unidentified senior co-eds have been investigating private lives, and will reveal secret ambitions, possessions, heart throbs, careers, and loves of their classmates. No faculty members will be present at the dinner. The banquet will give co-eds a chance to cultivate last minute acquaintances and will give them another pleasant memory of days at “good old Purdue.” According to Katherine Merritt, ticket sales chairman, when contacted last night, approximately one hundred and fifty co-eds are expected to attend the dinner. Tickets are priced at fifty-five cents and may be obtained from Katherine Merritt and from the west desk of the Union building. Mather, '40, Awarded Horsemanship Trophy At Gymkhana Sunday Performing before an overflow crowd of almost 5,000 people attending the Mothers’ Day festivities Sunday, the Purdue Riding Club presented the second annual Gymkhana on the Intramural Field under the auspices of the Student Union. A program of twelve events, including two open classes was brought to a close with the presentation of the horsemanship and sportsmanship trophy to Miss Mai y Mathei, HE ’40. Winners for the show were: In the three gaited class. Black Beauty, owned and ridden by Walter L. Gray, of West Lafayette, first; second went to King, owned by 0. E. Greist, of Lafayette, and ridden by 0. E. Greist, Jr.; third place went to Lady, owned and ridden by 0. E. Greist; and fourth place to Sunny Peavine, owned by Miss Margaret Stallard, of Lafayette, and ridden by Paul Schuh. In the five gaited class, Kentucky Lad, owned by George Rund, of Lafayette, and ridden by William Richards, took first honors; Major Dare, owned and ridden by Mrs. Gordon A. Thomas, of Lafayette, placed second; Dan, owned by Mrs. Thomas, and ridden by Margaret Stallard was third; and the entry of Mrs. Rose Robinson, ridden by June Robinson, fourth. Patricia Kendrick won the horsemanship class for women members of the Riding Club; Reva Richmond was second; Alice Martens, third; and Lois Randolph, fourth. For the men. Jack Armitage placed first; Dick Elton, second; Robert Bonnet, third; and Thomas Weldon, fomth. The pony class for youthful riders was won by Patricia Robinson, with Marylyn Gray, Magdala Thomas, and Mary Vaughan, second, .third, and fourth, respectively. The musical chair contest for men and the balloon for women, both novelty events, were taken by Herb Miller and June Robinson. Providing the closing f eatui e, Mary Mather and Irvin Summers joined forces in a jumping exhibition. M. C. Clark, of Hammond; P. B. Denning, of Indianapolis, and Captain David Larr, of the University, were judges for the show. Co-ed Counsellors To Hear Miss Coolidge Tomorrow Sophomoie and junior co-eds who have be6p chosen as freshmen and transfer counselors for next year will hear Miss Clair Coolidge, assistant dean of women, discuss the counseling program tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. (
Dunshee, Heckman Will Lead Cheering Squad Next Year Bill Dunshee, ME ’40, and Joe Heckman, CE ’40, were named senior head cheer director and cheer manager, respectively, yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock following a committee meeting in the Fieldhouse. Voting on these men were Cheer Director Stubby Meier, Cheer Manager Bud Fenstermaker, Athletic Director Noble Kizer, P-Men’s Club President Dick Johnson, Gimlet President Carl Swan (by absentee ballott), the four present SAA officers, and Gold Pepper Vice-presi-dent Pauline George acting for President Mary Cooley. Reamer Club President Ralph Reiley was absent from, the meeting. Cheer director. Bill Dunshee, will supervise the training of junior and sophomore cheerleaders, and will direct these men in cheer formations at athletic events. The cheer manager, Joe Heckman, handles all business affairs concerned with arranging pep sessions and providing cheers at athletic contests. He will be the conand athletic department, and between the cheer leaders and the various athletic booster organizations on the campus. Delts Apprehend Midnight Prowler Alex Nutkowitz, Eng. ’42, of New York City, is facing charges in the county jail of robbing the mails and forced entry of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity, where he was caught last Saturday night. West Lafayette police obtained a complete confession from Nutkowitz Sunday morning. Nutwokitz also confessed robbing the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity April 14. " He had gone throhugh two rooms in the Delt house when he was caught by Farrell Ruppert. Ruppert was supposedly sleeping on the steps when the robber entered. The fraternity men had given up the dorm to mothers. As the robber started up the stairs he took one good look at Ruppert. Believing him asleep he went to the second floor rooms. Ruppert, awake as the robber eyed him, aroused the brothers. They found Nutkowitz under a desk in a student room. In his rooming house were found letters belonging to the Phi Psi and Delt houses. He entered the house by the cellar coal window. He was turned over to the West Lafayette police about 2:15. Roger Rosen, ME ’39, was fined in the justice of the peace court yesterday for forced entry of the W. C. Stone residence. Marionef Producers Will Hold Tryouts For Voices Tryouts for 21 parts in the cast of “Treasure Island,” a marionette show sponsored by Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatic honorary, to be produced by Playshop, under the auspices of the student union, will take plase in the Union tower room this afternoon at 4 o’clock. H. Kenn Carmichael will direct the show. Attendance at the first pei'formance of “Treasure Island,” May 26, will be by inviation. However, the following two nights of the play, May 26 and 27, will be open to all students and faculty members. No admission will be charged. Through these free performances Playshop hopes to introduce its new marionette group to the campus. Recordings of the speakers’ voices will be made on the first night of the play, and the operators will synchronize the marionettes’ actions with the records for the two remaining performances.
Students Will Elect SAA Officers Today Polls Will Open At 7:30 Close At 6 As Parties Vie For Campus Ballots (See Editorial on Page 2) Polls in the Union Building will be open for the election of Student Athletic Association vice-presidents from 7:30 a. m. until 6 p. m. today. Every voter must present his or her passport, and no exceptions will be made to this rule, stated Student President Herb Fishbum last night.
Prom Booth Plans Must Be Turned In By Wednesday Plans for fraternity booths for the Junior Prom must be in by Wednesday evening according to Bill Dunshee, in charge of booths. Fraternities are to group themselves as they wish, and shpuld get in touch with Dunshee about furniture and decorations for the booths. The prom committee will take care of picking up furniture for the booths. I Tentative plans place booths in the main, men, and women’s lounges. The definite places will be located Thursday afternoon. There will be fraternity, sorority, PIA, Cary Hall, and faculty booths. ■Kekets will be distributed at the University cashier’s office this morning starting at 10 o’clock according to an announcement by Bill Fletemeyer, assistant auditor. Prom programs will be distributed at the same time. Everyone holding a prom stub will get a ticket, not just the first 650 persons. The programs are of chromium plated metal with J P - 40 cut out. They are tied with black cord. Activity Workers Hear Pres. Elliott Terming activity participation as voluntary self education. President E. C. Elliott stated that, “Basically activities represent the humanizing aspect of the University,” in an address to representatives from every campus activity in the faculty lounge of the Union last night. President Elliott emphasized in his discussion of the correlation between activities and the University that when an employer comes to the University he looks first for a man’s scholastic record, and that if you haven’t the energy ^nd ability to carry the work that the school prescribes, you don’t belong in activities. However, he stated that what they are looking for is knowledge and an ability to use it. Your career rests on a knowledge of things and men; the University provides the teaching ground of things, and the activities of men. Comparing the student to an industry, President Elliott said that the successful industry was the one that made best use of its by-prod-ucts and here in activities he emphasized was our most important by-product. Cotps Day There wiU be a Corps Day formation today and Thursday, according to a statement from Colonel Pickering last night. Junior officers will take over the corps and the graduating seniors will receive the review. Uniforms will be worn to both formations. Sophomores and freshmen will continue to attend drills until further notice. Col. Pickering advised students to consult the bulletin board for information concerning the time they siiould turn in their uniforms.
Candidates on the Progressive party ticket are T. C. Noland, ME ’41, and W. F. Taylor, EE ’41. Boilermaker nominees are A. A. Yankowski, ChB ’41, and J. D. Fisher, ME ’41. Elected vice-presidents wiU be selected as either president or senior secretary next year.
Statements Statements from each of the candidates for vice-presidency will be found on the editorial page of today’s paper. Present vice-presidents Henry Frazee, EE ’40, and R. A. Stapleton, CE ’40, will be voted on for presidential and secretarial positions at 11 o’clock this morning in Athletic Director Noble Kiser’s office. Voters are Kizer, P-Men’s Club President Dick Johnson, faculty committee chairman Prof. W. Marshall, and retiring SAA President John Dilts and Senior Secretary R. M. McGhee, according to the SAA constitution change approved by student vote last year. SAA serves as an intermediate between students and the athletic department, and aids in arranging student seating at athletic events. SAA officers comprise the student membership on the Insignia Board, and with captains, managers, and , coaches supervise the awarding of letters and numerals. Gardening School Opens Here Today For Indiana Clubs Starting this afternoon and continuing on through tomorrow, the eighth annual convention of the Garden Clubs of Indiana will this year, with the cooperation of the University, sponsor a Gardening School. Members of the Garden Study Club of the Purdue University Womens’ Club will act as hostesses for the dinner that will open the first school of its kind in the state, with Mrs. A. Swope presiding. Each table at the dinner will be so arranged as to have a discussion leadev^ on such subjects as those concerned with soil, insects and garden diseases, and garden design. Music will be furnished by the Purdue Glee Club and Mrs. O. L. Forester of West Lafayette will speak on the “Choice Memories of a Roving Gardener.” Principal speaker at the luncheon to be held tomorrow afternoon as one of the featuies of the garden-^ ing- school will be Miss Florence Robinson, noted garden lecturer, who is a professor in the department of Landscape Design at the University of Illinois. Future Counsellors Will Hear Potter at 4 p. m. More than 225 hand-picked science and engineering sophomores and juniors will meet this afternoon at 4:00 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall to hear Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, on the problems of counseling freshmen. This will be the second meeting of the freshmen counselors in their training program preparatory to helping new students next fall. By means of lectures this spring, they will be introduced to the general problem.
J
1i
I-
m.
Free 'Taxi' Service...
... will be offered the student body today, as campus politicians throw out their drag-net for SAA votes. Student Athletic Association is the only election in which every student is eligible to yotej and we predict a tired lot of party leaders when the final count is taken tonight. For intelligent voting, every student should know the aims, ideas, and qualifications of each candidate. Statements from each man in the race appear elsewhere on this page. Theoretically, any student may throw his hat in the ring for any open campus election. Actually, he usually has little chance for success if not backed by a political party. Rather than split Cary Club away from the Progressive party and incur disfavor from some students, Cary Haller Bill Siljander has withdrawn his candidacy. WhoVotes? According to SAA constitution changes voted on and passed by the student body last year, two senior head cheer leaders—a^cheer manager and a cheer director—shall be appointed by a committee consisting of the four SAA officers, president of Gimlet Club, president of Reamer Club, president of Gold Peppers, and University athletic director. Yesterday two senior cheer leaders were appointed ... but not by the committee named in the constitution revision. In addition to voters named in last spring’s amendment. Cheer Director Stubby Meier, Cheer Manager Bud Fenstermaker, and P-Men’s Club President Dick Johnson also voted on next year’s cheer leaders. It is clear that these actually should have a vote in deciding upon future cheer leaders. But why were they not named in the last constitutional amendment ? It will be up to the new SAA officers to again revise their constitution, if these men are to have a legal vote in the future. Etiquette For Riders With such a large student body, vote-get-ting has become a real art and quite complicated. We would give a few friendly sugges-
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, ander the act of Congress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, anthorized January 20. 1922. FubUsbed daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail snbscriptiOa $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. U. Insley ;..... D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick ..., W. E. Smith E. M. Antonini R. Jenkins G. SchiUing
,......,.....Editor-in-Chief ...Editorial Director .....i..Managing Editor Business Manager Senior Advertising Manager ,.... Sports Editor
junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue Di K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business E. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfleld G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J.
Henninger, Art Director ^
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
RECPRBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ■ Boston ■ Los anoeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue UniTersity. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Smith Tuesday, May 16, 1939
tions to those who may be “taxi”-riders today : 1. Be polite to the driver. Don’t be rude enough to tell him your pal is running on the opposition ticket, or that you’re just going to the sweet shop for a coke. 2. If the car in which you’re riding suffers a flat tire, don’t just walk off without a word. Before departing, tell the driver you’re sorry, and that you’d be glad to help him if you were not in such a strenuous hurry, 3. Don’t ride more than twice in any one car belonging to either party . .. it’s unethical.
^hciioJt. ^ondidtdsidL, Smf. .
W.F. Taylor Progressive Parly The Student Athletic Association correlates the athletic department and the student body. In o^der that the students may be well represented, a member of SAA should be familiar With the personnel and the "functions of the athletic department. I believe that I have these qualifications, as I worked last winter as a basketball manager, and in my freshman year received numerals in baseball and football. Scholarship should also be considered in electing an officer. My scholastic index for the first three semesters was 4.6, A third qualification is being well known on the campus. I believe I can say that is true of me. Therefore, I believe I have the necessary qualifications for an of- . ficeshop in the SAA.
WBAA
‘<THK void or PURDUK"
TODAY 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security. 11:35—The Home Makers—“Selecting a Coffee Maker.” 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Meet Your Voice. 12:15—Russ, idob and Dick. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time, 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1:45—Gertrude Stillabower, violinist, 2:00—Farm Security Administration. 2:15—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:15—Darlene Mahns, popular songs. 3:30—Your Radio Correspondent. 3:46—^Pat Keiser, pianist. 4:00—^Baseball Game Broadcast, Feucht entered the Pennsylvania Railroad’s service in 1028 as an asr sistant in the engineering corps at Louisville, and has advanced steadily to his present position.
Tony Yankowski John Fisher Boilermaker Parly We, the candidates of the Boilermaker Party, pledge ourselves, if elected, to perform the duties of the vice-presidents of the Student Athletic Association in the best interests of the student body. We will endeavor to increase the scope and activity of the SAA for student athletics. We promise to take definite action in forming a Purdue Athletic Manager’s Club. Triton and Dolphin Clubs Will Hold Banquet Today Triton and the Dolphin clubs will hold a banquet in the reception room of the Union at 6 p. m. this evening. Dick Papengut, newly elected swimming coach, will give a short talk. Movies of the Aquacade taken by Dean Knapp and movies of the team in action in the Florida meet taken by LaBree, retiring swim coach, will be shown. Triton members who helped with the recent Aquacade will be honored and new officers will be installed. Initiation of nine men and the election of the following new offi-
T.C. Noland Progressive Party One of the objects of the SAA is to provide a better understanding and linkage between the athletic department of the University and the general student body. For this reason it seems both logical and necessary that the SAA officers should be students who are in some way connected with the athletic department. For the past two years, I have been both freshman and sophomore intramural manager, and have recently been elected to the position of junior manager and honorary senior manager. During this school year, I have been a member of Skull and Crescent.
cers was announced by the Dolphin club, swimming honorary, following a meeting held yesterday in the UnJon Building: T. A. Harris, president; G. A. Wildhack, vice-presi-dent; R. L. Colby, secretary; A. W. Risser, treasurer; and F. C. Tuxwoz’th, sergeant-at-arms.
Initiates are as follows: H. R. Krick, F.C. Tuxworth, A, W. Risser, C. G. Moller, L. B. McCammon, D. Anderson, T. T. Haver, W. Haver, W, Mauch, C. A. Silver. W. H. Mur-
TODAY-TOMORROW The Greatest Performance the Screen Has Ever Seen .
Bette U^avis Dark^ctory” with ^ GEO. BRENT.HUMPHREY BOGART
ARC
TODAY-WEDNE^DAY I — WITH — PRESTON FOSTER PATRICIA ELLIS — and —
— abo —- 'FLAMING FRONTIER," Serial
Jeopardizing track records seems to be the pastime of the ’39 Boilermaker thinlies as was typically shown over the week end by Ed Holderman, Riveter miler . . . the blonde-headed mile tourist upped and roared away a mile in 4:16.9 to set up a new Cotton Carnival mark at Memphis, Tenn. . . . in doing so, he clipped 3.66 seconds off the current Purdue record held jointly by a pair of former Boilermaker greats, Orval Martin and Claude Moore. —^fc— Dick Wargo, Boilermaker slabman, called to our attention yesterday several rules which went into effect this year following the annual baseball moguls’ confab last winter. . . . according to Dick, a batter is not credited with a sacrifice fly unless a run is scored on the play . . . the pitcher is now required to keep one foot in contact with the slab until after the pitch ... for the last three years, he had to keep both feet on the slab until he followed through. —^fc— Aso, if the catcher drops a batter’s foul and during the same turn at bat, the batter negotiates a hit, the catcher is given an error on the play ... a point confusing many fans is that the umpire does not raise his arm to call all pitched balls to the batter . . . the umpire behind the plate, according to the present idea, makes the signal with his arm only when he calls a strike . . . the arbiter does not make any arm movement on a ball. ‘ , . ■ —^f c—' What a “rat” ... he hit his mother . . . Marvin Owens, Chicago White Sox third baseman, fouled Cleveland Indian pitching ace Bob Feller’s pitch off into the stands last Sunday ... the ball socked Mrs. William Feller, Bob’s mother, in her left optic . . . six stitches had to be taken over her eye ... and to top it off, it was Mothers’ Day . . . She is resting well, thank you.
You start backing it out, dear! I’ll wait for you in front!”
Johnson Wins Ward Badminton Tourney Milton G. Johnson, ME ’39, won the annual ward badminton tournament just Completed in the Fieldhouse. . Johnson defeated Don L. Mann, ’39, in the final match of the tournament. Other victims of Johnson were J. H. Papurca and L. K. Swing. Johnson drew a bye in the semi-finals. Mann got to the last match by defeating N. E. Myers and S. R. Peterson.
Daylight saving is founded on the old Indian idea of cutting off one end of the blanket and sewing it on the other end to make it longer.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Out of the greatness of their love came an American miracle of achievement!
Twentieth Century-Fox Presents DARRYL F. ZANUCK’S production of
LORETTA HENRY
AMECHE-YOUNGFONDA
TODAY — TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
-Plus-
. . . the Hell Hole Where Boys Are Taught To Hate and Kill! BOYS' REFORMATORY — WITH — FRANKIE DARRO GRANT WITHERS
LOLm TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
with FLOREWCE SICE - SSil iWESSCEl ANNSiTMESFCSO . MASy HOWARD and AiAN MARSHAL TA^OR . . R^PH
TAfVliROFF LEIF ERIKSON FRANCES FMfiER mm OVEiiiAN
When You Dance to the Music of Russ Morgan at the JUNIOR PROM You Can F4el at Ease in loeb’s Correct Attire
Whether it is a filmsy pair of sheer chiffon hose, a dainty flower or one of those new camisole slips ... if it comes from Loeb’s we're certain it's fashion-correct and styled right.
We carry a complete line of accessories, lovely jewelry, smart, new hankies, alluring toiletries and make-up . . . things so essential for you to look your best.
LOCB & H CNE COMPANYi:’ues<^ay^ 16,1939
THE FUBDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Golfers Defeat Chicago DePam Wm Over
Boilermakers golfers turned in their third straight win by defeating Chicago 12-6 on the West Lafayette Country Club course yesterday. High spot of the meet was a sparkling 68 which was turned in by Capt. John David in the doubles matches in the morning to set a new competitive mark for the course. Par for the course is 71. David had a ten foot putt on the 18th green for a 67, but missed it by inches. Marshall, Hill and Hoffer scored for the Boilermakers in the singles while David was defeated in the singles. In the doubles David and Hill combined to win for the Rivet-
ers ^nd Marshall and Hoffer were defeated in their double matches. The results: Goldsmith and Sampson (C) over Marshall and. Hoffer (P), 8-0; David and Hill (P) over Welter and Topping (C), 2%-%; Toppnig (C) beat David (P), 2-1; Marshall (P) beat Welter (C), 3-0; Hill (P) over Sampson (C), 2%-%; and Hoffer (P) beat Goldsmith (C), 2-1. THOMAS MAHIL . . . . Delphi, Ind., son of State Representative Bert B. Mayhill, publisher of the Delphi Journal, was recently elected managing editor of the Daily Illini, student publication at the University of Illinois.
STAG
• Your prom program will be long since over-bid ... but you'll toy with it for the sheer joy of watching the magnetism of your sparkling fingertipsl Enjoy the luxury of on expert professional manicure at your favorite beauty shop ... topped off with one of Peggy Sage'? new "Sentimental Trio" of flattering fingertip accents ... Goldrush . . . Heartbreak . . . Nosegay. Or ask for these subtle-siren colors at better toiletries counters . . . They're straight from Peggy Sage's exclusive salons in New York, London and Paris. ’ "The polish that wears like iron."
Boilermakers, 5-3, In Tennis Match DePauw won four of six singles matches to defeat the Boilermaker tennis team 5-3 on the Purdue courts yesterday. The match was originally scheduled for last week, but was postponed due to rain. Hebbeler was the most consistent winner for the Riveters, winning his singles match and teaming with Blitz to gain another point in the doubles. The other winner for LaBree’s proteges was Mann who accounted for the other Boilermaker
score in the singles.
The results of the singles matches: Lindsay (D) beat Puente (P) 6-2, 6-2; Souder (D) dropped Alexander (P) 10-8, 7-6; Marzh (D) over Blitz (P) 6-4, 6-4; Hebbeler (P) won fro^ Hannah (D) 4-6, 6-2,-6-3; Mann (P) beat Spear (D)
^andl! WITH THE WORLD-FAMOUS Peggy Sage manicure t No more "under-the-table" handtl Let us bring out all their natural beauty with a luxurious Peggy Sage Manicure topped off with one of Miss Sage's new "Sentimental Trio" ..; Heartbreak ... Goldrush ... Nosegayl You'll agree that Peggy Sage Polish "wears like iron".
LOCB & H E NE COMPANY
6-3, 6-2; and Skully (D) won over Jackson (P) 6-4, 6-7, 6-4. The doubles matches were split, Hebbeler and Blitz winning their match over Marzh and Spear of DePauw 6-2, 6-2, and Alexander and Mann losing to Lindsay and Souder -9-7, 6-1. The third match was not played because it would not affect the results of the match. More Swimmers Keeded For River Race May 25 The continued cool weather seems to have frightened the potential marathon svrimmers from signing for the annual river swim to be held May 25. According to the intramural office only a few eds have thus far expressed their willingness to swim in the race. All distance swimmers are urged to sign up for the race immediately and to begin to train for the event. The race will begin at Lincoln Lodge and the swimmers will break the tape at the Brown street bridge for the finish of tlie race. Students owning boats who are willing to assist in the race should notify the Intramural office this week. Boats are needed to follow each swimmer. Zumsfein Will Relate Malay Experiences R. B. Zumstein of the Registrar’s office, who served as American Consul to the Malay States, will relate his experiences in the Settlement to the Forestry Club tonight at 7:30 in the Horticulture building. Newly elected officers of the club are Jim Williams of Indianapolis, president; J. R. Blackwell of In-"^ianapolis,'*vice-president; and G. A. Godsey of Bloomington, SecretaryTreasurer,
Loading dock of ike Ford Motor Gompang on the Bluer Rouge
RAINBOW ON THE RIVER
There’s a rainbow on the River Rouge by the Ford plant — oil in a thin coating, washed from metals and parts by the water used to cool or clean them. To most folks that colorful coating spelled just oil; no more. To^Ford men it spelled “waste.” They dipped their fingers in it . . .
rubbed them together . . . reflected. A few days later a strange device was installed where the stream flows through a narrow channel into the mooring slip. It was an oil skimmer. Each month that skimmer reclaims thousands of gallons of oil. Reclaimed, it is used as fuel in the open-hearth building.
FORD MOTO
Poor Richard said straws show how the wind blows. That’s how the wind blows at the Rouge. Pennies saved where pennies can be saved safely are multiplied into millions by large-scale Ford operations. At the end of that rainbow on the waters of the Rouge, Ford owners find extra value, lower price. i COMPANY
Fleet footed fraternity track men will complete for honors today and tomorrow in the annual interfraternity track and field meet in RossAde Stadium. Sigma Alpha Epsilon managed to edge out Phi Gamma Delta for the title last spring and will be defending their title this afternoon. Today’s events will include four track events and three field events. Opening the meet the dash men will run in the 100 yard sprint which will be followed by the mile run. Third will come the 440 yard dash and the^ last track event of the day will be the 120 yard high hurdles. The shot put, discus, and pole vault are the field events scheduled for today. Tomorrow’s schedule calls for the 220 yard dash, the two mile run, the 220 yard low hurdles, the half mile run, the quarter mile relay on the track and the javelin, the broad jump, and the high jump in the field events. As usual the winning house will receive a trophy and members of the winning squad will be awarded medals for their efforts. Participation points will be given to- each house having four different men competing in the meet. In order to limit the number of entrants each fraternity is allowed to enter only two men in each event. PI Phi's Capture Isf In WAA Swim Meet Pi Beta Phi captured first place in the co-ed intramural swimming meet Tuesday night in the Women’s Gym with a total of 43 points. Kappa Alpha Theta was in second place ■ with 19 points and Thaeles won third with 13 points. Barbara Cook, Eileen Westover, and Betty Spears tied for first place in individual points.
Riveter Trad( Team Points For Big Ten Outdoor Meet May 20 Copping top honors in the Cotton Carnival in Memphis, Tenn., Saturday was one of the high spots in the Boilermaker bid for fame in the track world, but the laurels which they won in the South may prove rather costly when they go north to Big Ten outdoor meet at Ann Arbor Friday and Saturday. Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half mile champion, was badly spiked in the Cotton Carnival, and Coach Hermon Phillips admitted that Art, who was favored in the half mile, might not be able to run next Saturday. There is still hope that the injury may heal in time to allow BodeauTto enter the race and defend the'^aurels which he won in the indoor meet at Chicago several weeks ago. Hoping for a place in the first division in the Big Ten meet, Phillips is depending heavily on four who took first place in their specialties in the Cotton Carnival and dethroned Indiana as champion. The winners -included Ed Holderman in the mile run, Steve Gutting in the hurdles. Forest Weber in the shot put, and “Red” Shackleton in the 440 yard dash. Although he may be entered in the half mile run along with Bodeau, Holderman, who defeated Deckard, the former Indiana star, by running the mile in 4 minutes and 16.9 seconds, will probably concentrate on the mile event in the Big Ten meet. Phillips expects to enter virtually the same squad in the Big Ten meet that copped the Cotton Carnival honors.
EDGERTON HARDWARE
Phone 4354
E. W. VAN METER, President FOR HARDWARE
We Deliver
JhsL CENTER BEAUTY and the SPOTLIGHT OF CHIC FOR THE PROM
Let us give you that individual hair style created for you by our expert hair stylist Pearl Wharton. Call Early For An Appointment MODERN BEAUTY SHOP 653 Main Street Phone 6803
Business Men Who get that tired feeling. Don’t fool with the linen needs of your business. Have us supply your linens regularly “On a Rental Basis^^ Why Buy— We Supply
sIf (I •
3[ocaL CiiiL.
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
TlatiaiL
Frosh Tennis Tnesday, May IS—4:00 p. m. R Wagner vs T M Hindman M W Kurschner vs C F Shednck Weissman vs J M Henderson R E Keilman vs F J Wood R S Howe vs E J Sopcak C P Davison vs J Roland C M Murray vs J Croxall W Martin vs J Barlow F C Hedges vs M E Vitale W Allen vs Waddington V Pamsh vs J E Glover R E Lucht vs J Bayon L C Spencer vs J M Venable S J Murphy vs H Payne H Deutman vs W F Yeagley F Stanton vs E W Clark
CUtssUied Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
TYPING for students Thesis themes done cheaply Ph B5342
and
FOR SALE—1937 Philco Car Radio, cheap Burnham’s Socony Station, State and Chauncev
LOST AND FOUND LOST^—Experimental Foods Book by Belle Lowe in large lecture room of chemistry building Call Marjorie McMillin, 4086. ____ LOST—Pyrometry notebook Please retux'n to B K Wiesner, telephone 8411
Notices
Exponent Editorial Staff* Meeting at 7 p m Tuesday, May 16, of all freshmen who have signed up sometime this year to work on the Exponent editorial staff T'hose who can*t attend at this time see me Monday or Tuesday after 4 p m in the editor's of—FRED
Purdue Flying Club • All dance tickets must be handed in by Tuesday, May 16, if you want your grades this semester Dupps will be in the Union lounge Tuesday from 7 p m to 8 30 p m to receive tickets —CHEVEDDEN
Playshop Workers All active workers of of the past season should check bulletin board in Fowler Hall for list of new members Any person whose name has been omitted should check with Naomi Abel before noon Wednesday May 17 so that the proper arrangements may be made prior to the annual Stage Stump and Studio banquet. (5-17) —ABEL All Students Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester This applies to all present juniors present sophomores except in forestry chemical metallurgical, mechanical and public service engineering and engineering law Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an eaily date Those contemplating a change of schools aie advised to file application before the end of the present semester —STONE
J\\ the tim
nrowERS ‘ SEED&JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
122 MAIN rr.
PHOMI 2777
Airport Dance Committee: Final meeting 7pm Tuesday, May 16, in the Union League. —CHBVEDVEN. Catalyst: Important meeting Thursday, May 18, at 7 p m in Heavillon Hall We will have election of officers —CRAIG. Glee Club • There will be a rehearsal Tuesday, May 16, at 4 p m in Fowler Hall —WORCESTER.
Co-eds: All girls who are interested in working on costume committee for marionette show come to Tower room Tuesday, May 16, at 4 p m —RANDOLPH.
Fraternity Presidents: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 8:16 p m in the Kappa Sig House. A full aittendance is necessary —DEAN.
Purdue Hiding Club: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p m in the Student Union office Full attendance is urged. —SUMMERS.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, May 18, at 7:15 p m. in room 184 of the EE Building. Election of officers will be held. All active members please be present. —KECK.
Gold Peppers: Meeting for both junior and senior members Wednesday, May 17, at 8:16 p m. in room F of the Union Election of officers, moving pictures, and presentation of paddles Please be prompt —COOLEY.
Gimlet: All members and pledges report to the Sigma Phi Epsilon House at 7:16 p. m. Wednesday, May 17, for initiation Pledges get in touch with Perrin before that time for instructions Also an important business meeting will be held at the Phi Delta Theta House Thursday, May 18, at 7 30 p m for election of officers. —SWAN.
Ceres: Last meeting of the year will be held at Prof Robbins’ home Tuesday, May 16, at 7 p m Meet at the Union at 6 46 Bring cars if possible Officers for next year will be elected and installed All members should plan to attend —HORNER
Baseball WAA: Pi Phi’s vs Wards 2 and 4 Pedalions vs 1 and 3, on the Women’s Diamonds —COOK
W. A A. Tennis: These matches must be played off by Wednesday, May 17, intramural tournament McKnight and Reimann vs Fishleigh and Thomas Class tournament Kirkhoff, Pigeon vs Fishleigh and Thomas Student-Faculty tournament Will these girls see that their matches aie played off this week Haltman, McKnight, Harrison, Reimann, Waid Schroeder and Morris —MATHER
Campus Varieties Rehearsal The following people please report to Fowler Hall stage Thursday May 18, at 4 p m Members of Haiiy McCiady’s Orchestra members of Irvan Maury s Orchestra Russ Mock Pat Heme Ben Burns, Dick Pittenger George Osborn Marvin Smith Bob Fitzgerald Charlie Powell and members of ^ramatic skit —MILLER—
Civil Engineering Students Get your tickets for the banquet Thursday evening. May 18 from the student officers before noon of that day If you can’t attend the banquet be there at 8 30 for the election of officers for next year —AHRENS
Life Saving- Class meets Tuesday and Wednesday May 16 and 17, at 7 p m in the Field House —RISSER
Guard Your Personal Appearance
in smad
LY^CLEANED
CROWN UUNDRY West Side Office—Top of the Hill
Tuesday^ May 16,1939
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookitores
e Professionel
"DEAC" Everythina ^ a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vine WMt Lafayette Phone 4965
e Shoe Repair
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ava.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
e Printing
e Locksmith
r\RINTING Offic* Stalloneiy , . D 1 Wedding InvHallonr ... • Sales Books, Etc.... PHONE 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408 FERRY
KEYS AND LOCKS Key« far trunks, door locks, disk Ipc^, night and iwdlocln. Auto keys a spoeialty. Weyolao, ae^assories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana 2222
e Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
PIA Board Meeting Tuesday May 16 at 7 p m in PIA office. —HINSHAW
Ciinstian Science Organization: The reglar meeting will be held Tuesday, May 16, at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —MACK.
Radio Club Picnic and treasure hunt, Tuesday, May 16 Leave EE Building at 5 30 p m Free to ‘hams’ and members —26 cents to all others Those planning to attend phone Adams 8421, or me at 66102 by Monday evening —PA’TTERSON
All Student Bowlers: Interested in howling for the University singles championship should sign up at the alleys in the Union Building before Tuesday evening. May 16 All entrants will bowl 3 games and the entrant making the most points will be declared the winner All games must be rolled on Wednesday or Thursday, May 17 and 18 —MACKEY
Prom Ticket Holders Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashier’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p m —BURNS
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in thq supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for ORC equipment ’This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approximately two weeks —FAULCONEE
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse (6-20) —MIDDLETON
WSGA Executive Board Meeting Wednesday, May 17, at 7 45 p m Officers’ test —SICKMAN
HOWARD HILL WORLD CHAMPION FIELD ARCHER
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos • •. they^re milder and taste better
Copyright 1939, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
Howard Hill, World Champion Field Archer, can flick the ash off your Chesterfield with a single shot. And Chesterfield’s right combination pf the world’s best cigarette tobaccos hits the mark every time for what smokers want in a cigarette... ® They^re milder refreshingly milder ® They taste better you*ll enjoy every one ® They Satisfy the blend cant be copied When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure... why THEY SATISFY
>