“«i
1
■>1.1
SThe Pursue Icxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
voLiiin: XLVm
LAFAYETTE* INDIANA, TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1937
NUMBERin
White Hussars To Give Final Concert Convo Herbert Petrie To Bring Symphonic^ Operatic Ensemble Here For Program Thursday Herbert Petrie and his White Hussars, a ssonphonic and operatic ensemble, wili) provide the final concert of the Purdue University convocation series on Thursday evening at 8 o'clock
in Memorial Gymnasium.
The White Hussars make a specialty of brass ensemble num-
bers, interpreting numbers from- the great operas, selections from Well known overtures, and symphonic arrangements of well known classics. The instrumentation includes three trumpets, two trombones, bassoon, harp, soprano, operatic tenor, and
piano.
English Tenor In addition to the ensemble numbers, solos, duets by members of the ensemble, the Hussars present Henry Thompson, distinguished English tenor, and Maryn Proesel, noted harpist, who has appeared with many of the nation’s leading musical organizations, including the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Hussar Uniforms Herbert Petrie, organizer and director of the ensemble, has combined genuine artistry with modern showmanship. His musicians are clothed with white and gold Hussar uniforms, and he has developed special lighting and scenic effects. His programs are designed to command the respect of the most exacting critic and at the same time appeal to the casual concert-goer. Petrie, who is also the solo cornetist, received national recognition in bapd and orchestral circles when he was selected by John Phillips Sousa as solo cometist with the famous Naval Battallion Band.
Choir Concert At 8 Tonight To Present Community Program In Duncan
Hall
Members of the Concert Choir will present a community program tonight from 8 to 9 o’clock in Duncan Hall. The concert which is under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, with Rosemary Robinson, accompanist, will be free and open to the
public.
The program is as follows:
I.
Adoramus Te, Palestrina. Ave Maris Stella, Grieg. Quando Corpus (Stabat Mater), Rossini. ' Cherubim Song No. 7, Bortnisnsky. II. A Spring Song, Pinsuti. In The Gloaming, Harrison, sung by Arsene Summers, contralto. Morning, Speaks. A Bowl of Roses, Clarke. I Won’t Kiss Katy, Jugoslavian Folksong. Intermisison. III. Lamb of God (Chorale l640), ranged by Christianson. 5 ' Open Our Eyes, M^cfarlane, sung by John Brubaker, baritone. Nunc Dimittis and Gloria, Tsch-nesnokoff-Cain.
March 9, 1937 DOCTOR Gatewood, an ’07 graduate of Ohio State University, is just a blank as far as his friends are concerned. They call him Dr. “Blank” Gatewood because he has no first name ... As a child, he was given his choice of names, but he did not “choose to pick.” —30— STUDENTS of Kenyon College, in Ohio, no longer have to send their pleas for money to their parents by the formal apd cold method of pen and'typewriter . . . instead, they use the persuasive tones of their own voices. A recording appartus has been installed by the modern language department . . . and stu-. dents are now sending “letters” to their homes in the form of records. —30— HERB’S one that sounds fishy... A band was rehearsing “The Mickey MoiiBe Suite,” at Kansas the other day a»d Eva Thompson, French horn soloist, tried to start the important part in the piece that is supposed to be played by the instrur ment... but all she got was a small squeak. The director examined the instrument, put it to his lips and forced all the air he could muster through the mouthpiece ... and still only a squeak came forth. Exasperated, the maestro took the French horn oyer to the gasoline station across tha street and applied the air hose ... and out came a mouse! —80— SEVERAL new twists and angles have been brought to light recently concerning strikes, the most notable of which is the “sit-down' ’variety . . . but students at Delaware Acadamey turned the tables .. they refused to sit-down! Parading through the streets of the town, 400 collegians ignored threats and pleas to return to class. “Not until we get an extra half-hour at lunch time,” the leader announced ...
Hoffman Heads New Code Publication , Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department of practical mechanics, has just released a new publication which is the product of two years’ work on the part of National Warm Air Heating and Air Conditioning Association of which he is the head. The publication is a new technical code for the design and installation of mechanical warm air heating systems During the time that Prof. Hoffman has been chairman, the association has formtilated three different codes. The first, the standard code, was for gravity warm air systems in residences and has had a circulation of approximately 500,000 copies. The second was a simple installation code for forced warm air in residences and has had a circulation of around 40,000 copies.
MaHha Whitehead To Portray *Ju Ju ’ Durant^ Opera Star^ In Union Show
Martha Wbitehead, sophomore home economics student from Inglefield, near Evansville, takes the part of “Ju Ju” Durant, the temperamental opera star of “Castles In The Air.” A country girl with nine years of 4-H club experience in sewing and canning. Miss Whitehead abandoned the domestic role and went out for the part of the sophisticated French singer—and got it. But when the show is over, she is goihg back to the home ec. kitchens in earnest, for she wants to be a Home Demonstration Agent, and teach home economics to the farm women of Indiana. Didn’t Know She Could Sing Miss Whitehead didn’t know she could sing until she was a junior in high school, when she sang for a children’s Valentine party in an Evansville theater. She is in the Concert Choir, the University Choir, and the Girls’ Glee Club here at Purdue and had a part in last year’s Union show. A high soprano, she will sing “Love’s Refrain” besides a duet with Dave Thompson, who plays opposite her as Rodman, the mainstay of her opera company. Her part requires no dancing— fortunately, she says, for she denies any ability as a tap dancer. Thig will be her first heavy role in a big show, and she’s busy working up the proper temperament for a French opera star. Unorganized Miss Whitehead is unorganized, and intends to remain so. She likes her school and her music. The Union Show will be a success, she thinks, for “Castles In The Afr” is a fine show. When she needs recreating. Miss Whitehead takes a postman’s holiday and does some singing!
Elect Judith Jones Junior Prom Queen Committee Selects Kappa Member From Ten Applicants Judith Jones, junior in the science school. Kappa Kappa Gamma, was chosen queen of this year’s Junior Prom last Saturday afternoon. She was picked from ten co-eds who filed petitions for the position last week, by a committee composed of W. T. Graham, prom chairman; D. N. Wait, J. C. Esterline, Jean Adkins, Dorothy Kuehn, W. W. Hodgdon, and G. W. Martin, will lead the grand march with the prom chairman.
As Steel Girders Arrive Fieldhouse Takes Form
By J. A. Chapin Steel, 50 tons of it, the first consignment of a total of 1,300 tons of I-beams, truss members, and vertical columns, which will bear the weight of 7,500 screaming basketball fans next winter in the new Fieldhouse, rolled in to the campus Saturday on flat-cars frbm the mills in Gary. Class attention on the south campus was at a premium as a puffing railroad crane unloaded the cars, sidetracked near the Creamery Building. In the one-room board ^hack, blue with smoke and heated with a battered stove, the office of A. E. Kemmer Construction Company, on the fieldhouse grounds, an engineer emerged from a maze of blueprints to point out to the reporter the scheduled positions in the building of the arriving steelwork, even to the member labeled G6738-40, A-lOi West, over which the writer had scrambled not two houre previous, on one of the flat cars, (Construction Begins In this first consignment of steel are included supporting beams for tbe roof of the swimming pool, the west wall of the fieldhouse, and the arches for the west section of the roof. Already a 100 foot crane has
been erected on the lot and another is soon to follow. The first beam has been swung into place, and according to A. E. Kemmer, C. E. ’02, who is directing the construction of the new sports palace, this great house of steel will begin to take recognizable form in the next few weeks as additional girders are plumbed and made fast to the foundations Weighs 12 Tons The three flat-cars carried sections from 40 to 90 feet in length, the latter hanging far over the end of the car, weighing from 2 to 18 tons apiece, and bound fast by giant rivets, with heads the size of halflemons. Lettered and numbered according to a symbdlic code, the sections go into place like those of prefabricated houses and garages sold by ntail order houses, but have been fashioned from the rigid specifications and intricate calculations of the designer. Many a frantic student of applied mechanics may well hide away in terror at the sight of these monstrous examples of moments balanced about a point in space, and free bodies 90 fept long and three feet wide.
Martha Whitehead
Union Tickets On Sale Now Organizations Must Got Reserved Sections B y Tomorrow Noon Tickets which have been reserved by campus organizations, and are not called for by Wednesday morning, will be put on sale at the box office in the Mars Theater at 12:30 o’clock. These are good tickets that heretofore have not been on sale. H. F. Wiegandt, Union vice-presi-dent in charge of ticket sales, stated
Union President Shoemaker stated that because of the large attendance for the evening show, there will be no mixer Saturday night.
that there are a good many matinee seats available, and the better choice of tickets are for this performance. Tickets can be purchased all this week at both desks in the Memorial Union Building.
Deacon Moore WiU Play For Sophomore Cotillion Leader-Composer To Bring His Famous Entertainers From 'New York City For March 19 Carl “Deacon” Moore* known from coast to coast by radio audiences for his familiar salutation, “Howdy do, folks, howdy do,” will bring his famous band here from New York City to play for the Sophomore Cotillion, Friday night, March 19. Moore’s orchestra has been heard throughout the United States many times on the NBC
Poehlman’s ^quad Wins 155 mm. Drill First place in the annual 155 mm. howitzer competition was won by the squad coached by Cadet 2nd Lt. G. W. Poehlman with D. N. Williams as chief of section. This was announced by the Military Department following the competition held ^st Thursday evening and Saturday afternoon. The remainder of the squads coached by cadet officers qualified in the following order: Cadet 2nd Lts. C. L. Sadlei;, G. V. Kellner, G. F. Springman, F. L. Coers, J. F. McCauley, W. C. Muscham, and C. E. Maahs. Awards Each of the sixteen junior officers participating in this competition will receive one citation as well as the first four squads named above. Members of the winning squad will also receive a distinguished sqdad medal. Members of the squads finishing fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth will receive respectively six, five, four, and three merits. Those composing the first four squads will form a battery. Under the supervision of Capt. E. J. Murphy, they will receive further instruction for the presentation of a systematic drill for the Military Carnival next Wednesday.
Vivian Jolmson Elected Editor Of ‘Radiations’ Vivian A. Johnson, of the Purdue University physics department, has received word from the national council of Sigma Pi Sigma,, national honorary physics fraternity, that she has been unanimously dectod as editor of “Radiations,” the national journal of the society. Under Miss Johnson’s editorship, the journal is to be published in the future as a quarterly.
and Columbia networks and in Chicago alone has broadcast from five different stations. The band has appeared in some of America’s smartest hotels including the Drake and Morrison in Chicago, 111.; the St. Anthony, San Antonio, Tex.; and Clariage, Memphis, Tenn. Composer Carl IS the composer of such song hits ^ “St. James Infirmary,” “Bye Bye Blues,” and “Ding Dong Daddy.” He was born in Jonesboro, Ark., and still gives this small town as his home address, yet has gained a reputation for presenting a program which offers both excellent dance music and genuine entertainment even for most exclusive hotel guests. “Deacon” still claims that he is a hick, but really disguises his true sophistication with his original Arkansas drawl, much in the Will Rogers manner. This Ozark quality, of “Deacon’s” performance is supplemented with novelty numbers by the orchestra members, thus supplying some variation from his 'smooth, rhythmic, modem music. He will bring with him Marge Hudson, the singing artists’ model, as one of the featured vocalists. Marge, who is an eXotic beauty of the Spanish type, is extremely pop-^ ular wherever the band appears. Prom For Underclassmen The Cotillion is being sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for men, and is virtually the Prom for underclassmen. Tickets for the four-hour formal affair may be secured from any Skull and Crescent member at two dollars each. Any student or staff member may purchase a ticket as long as they are available.
Co-ed Honorary Will Announce Pledges Pledging of outstanding co-eds to Gold Peppers, activity honorary, will be the main feature of the Gold Peppers Dance, which is to be held Friday night in the Memorial Union ballroom. Dick Hartom and his band, from the University of Illinois, will play for the dance, which is a co-ed bid affair. Tickets, priced at $1.00, are on sale at the sorority houses at the Women’s Residence Hall, and at the Union desk.
Select Tower Theater Cast Three New Productions Scheduled For Latter Part Of Month Cast for the latest Tower Theater productions have finally been arranged, according to word received from H. K. Carmichael of speech department. The plays, “Shadow House,” “They That Mourn,” and “Experiment,” will be presented on March 22, 23, and 24, in the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building. The lead for “Shadow House,” directed by Donald Muller, will be played by Bernard Everett as “Dun Drey,” the feminine lead being interpreted by Marianna Wilson as “Aileen.” They will be supported by Jerry Ciral as “Henry,” Robert Gullion as “John,” and Barbara Gibbs as “Laura.” “They That Mourn,” with Jack Allen taking the leading role as “Sim,” will be presented with William Harris taking part of “Reverend Bennett,” Jane Hall as “Bertha,” Adah Snider as “Elmira,” Garland Johnson as “Long” and J. D. Hoffman as “Meldon” taking the character parts. This skit will be directed by Art Radkey. Jack Allen who has appeared in several campus productions, will take the lead in “Experiment” as "Duane,” the atheist. “Dr. Graham” will be played by Bob Heine and Shirley Yonover will be “Sister.” Milo Eaton will occupy the/ director’s chair. j
Prom Decorations Deadline Tomorrow Tomorrow is the deadline for the submission of decoration plans for the 1937 Junior Prom. Those plans submitted will be carefully judged and the decoration scheme chosen as the best will win for its designer a complimentary Prom tickek Any plans not yet submitted must be turned in to W. F. Bailey, chairman of decorations, at the Sigma Nu house. Complete plans along with an estimate of the cost should be submitted.
The United States is the world’s largest importer of chemicals.
By Dorothea Justin Pouf! A black robed figure, tall, of course, appeared lastonight in the foyer of the library, to the utter amazement of the people standing there. “Ha, ha, ha,” whispered the apparition. “Ha, ha, ha ... 1 am the Senior'Snooper.” The black lips on the orchid powdered face of the Snooper moved rapidly. She raised her arm dramatically. “We are having our Senior Snoopers Dinner, Thursday, March 18, at 6 p. m. in the home economics lunch room. Too many girls wuntqd to see the Military Carnival, so we changed the dinner to the day after St. Patrick’s Day.” Oiyez! Oiyez! With a note of pleasure creeping into her voice, the disguised, atten-tion-compelling Snoop went on to chant. “What senior girl had two dates for the Prom her sophomore year? What home ec co-ed had three pins during one summer school session? We know! You’ll seel “Who will rate the title of Chief
Pin-Snatcher? The SS *37’s know! What senior co-ed has the longest line and the smoothest legs?” Pony Chmrus Jumping in a sudatory firensy of knowing unrevealed facts, the selfappointed master SS ’37 went on through a peculiar routine, seemingly a mimicry of the three monkey paperweights. Putting her hands to her ears she sang, “Hear all!” She scooted two feet sideways and assumed the tion of Robinson Crusoe lookiitg for a ship, hand over brow. “See attl” AMey Oiqp) Five dank! With all the grace of a kangtttOo doing a minuet, the itdMdi \ figure sprang two feet into the air and landed three feet txmt her pcevioua position, her hands cupped againat her mouth. “Tell all!” Pouf! The startling vMon was gone. There was the staccato sound of high heels on the floors the library doer opened and dosedL No one could be seen entering or leaving. An SS ’87 bad poJIed another fast one.
%
'•f■flp
THE) PHRDUE EXPONENT
aalH
Ci^e Purbnc exponent
FMindea In USS
»1
^soctttted gottogiate ^regs -^!934 1935 e-
Mci>mafeN'n[D non nationau AovEnnaiNo nv National Advertising Service, Inc. College Puhliskers Xefiretemtatlve 4ZO Madison Ave. New^ork NY. CHICAGO - BOSTON > SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANGELES • PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8 80 per year; delivered by earner, $2 50 per year, sold by a single copy, 2 cents
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Editonal Phone 6087
^ Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL
R J Hulae
chairman, Helen Creech, E H Morris, L D Wood
Managing Editor Associate Editors K Sophomore Assistants Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF E H. Morris A Barnette, J E Brock, A H Forster, R P. Manion, C. L Sadler W M Anthony D A Bailey, J A Chapin, J R. Clark L S Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D, R Vance E H Kellogg, K. E O’Neil J C Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF « t tr i Business Managrer — — — National Advertising Manager —. Local Advertising Manager — — — » „ ' Miller Circulation Manager — J P Girard
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF L D Wood W H Fifield, S R Griffiths, R F Obenchain
Editor - Associate Editors Advertisiag Mans^er
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech Jeanne Janouaek, Dona McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—J. R. Clark
Safety Valves Are college students considerate of the rights and feelings of other persons ? A casual observer of occasional demonstrations at local theaters, especially at midnight showings, would probably answer negatively. Upon one occasion last semester, the management of one of the theaters was unable to show a midnight picture at the advertised time because of a break down of the truck that was supposed to deliver the film. A representative of the theater explained the situation to the audience, consisting mostly of men students at the University, and announced that a few reels of another picture would be shown until a taxicab had returned with the films. Instead of accepting the circumstances in a gentlemanly manner, several students in the audience booed and heckled the speaker, and then proceeded to disregard the right of other patrons of the theater to enjoy themselves by boisterous wisecracking. Urged on by the laughs of their companions and by competition, the buffoons strove for new heights in showing off. Some of the clowns had previously seen the picture and insisted on anticipating the remarks of the actors in loud tones, to the evident distraction of other persons in the audience. Finally growing tired from their ostentations and receiving less encouragement from their followers, the show-offs quit their sport. A casual observer would have been misled by this demonstration. At midnight on Saturday, if he is w«,keful, a student is inclined to relax and to forsake his more serious nature. Giving in to a natural tendency toward exhibitionism and given a feeling of security by the size of the audience, those students yielded to impulses that ordinarily would have been suppressed. However, the manifestation left an unfavorable impression with a part of the theater patrons—^an impression that will include college students in general. Thus, as the obedient citizen pays for the offences of law breakers, conscientious students are burdened by the actions of thoughtless colleagues. —R. P. M.
Fraternity Pins What fraternity pins mean to girls is a touchy topic but one eternally in the back of many people’s minds as they read of and hear of students exchanging and returning fraternity badges. Girls realize that one co-ed accepts the fraternity jewelry in order to have some man take her places. One point that is not considered from the feminine viewpoint is that a fellow may ask a co-ed to wear his pin so that he may always have a date. Since there are fewer girls than men in this university, it is possible that this arrangement might be very convenient. Perhaps a couple may decide to have the pin merely mean that neither the ed nor the co-ed will have social engagements with any other person. Whatever the understanding is the fraternity pin signifies to the rest of the campus that the two are vitally interested in each other. If a girl returns a badge to the original wearer, campus gossip remarks that she is fickle. However, that, in most cases, is only the beginning of her worries. While the man can invite any other co-ed to a dance or movie, the former co-ed is forced to sit at home until other eds realize that she is sincerely through with the previous affair. If a different man jumps to rescue the co-ed socially, he is termed “fish” by the campus talk. Consequently a co-ed might be wise to think seriously before acepting a boy’s fraternity pin. This matter is all a girl’s own business, but these remarks are a few common experiences which could be considered.—^E. C. P.
Dr. Strauss To Address Senior Co-eds Tonight
Dr. Elizabeth K Strauss, psychiatrist and physician at Cook County hospital will discuss ‘^Marriage As A Normal Relationship” at a meeting for senior women, tonight at 7:16 in the women’s lounge in the Memorial Union Building This lecture by Dr. Strauss, who has spoken on the campus in previous years, is the fiist of a series of four marital lectures sponsored by the Women’s Self Governing Associatipn.
English periodicals have formally protested the ‘‘dumping” of backdated American magazines m Great Britain as a “menace to the position of English magazines and periodicals.” *
CANCELLATIONS
Student who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 20th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men . M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men
Junior Proiti Regulations 1. Juniors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, Will be the only undergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only twenty-five (26) tickets will be allotted to members of the University staff. The same regulations will apply to faculty ticket holders as to undergraduates. 3. In Order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may be made,‘^rtnouncement if the distribution of tickets will be made on or before March 26. 4. Permits for tickets will be distributed starting Saturday, March 6, and will close Thursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 6:30, exfeepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 6 o’clock. 6. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it must be taken to the Cashier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that he will be the sole user of the ticket. Applicant must then pay Cashier four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution of the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13^ at which time the tickets will be given out by the Cashier in exchange for the receipt stub 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that IS stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary action. 9. In order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-senior dance, a suitable method of controlling pass-out checks will be used to insure against their transferal. It is hoped that there will be sufficient number of admission tickets available for all applicants. —^Junior Prom Committee.
Infamous Foist Lome—And this IS Tuesday and a couple more suckers put out their pins . . .
OUT OF OBSCURITY . . . pops BOB PUGH, Delt prexy, and man about town, to start wooing BERNADINE BARNES . . . PUGH and BETTY JOSSELYN aren't hitting it off . . . BARNES even pays for HUGH'S bowling when she beats him JOE MILES is also trying haid for BARNES JEANNE HALLAM still won’t give that pin back to JOE
WHEN THE LAMBDA CHIS GIVE A DANCE... it is well worth attending . . . their Monte Carlo Ball last Saturday night was tops . . . . they had everything . . . roulette, dice, tables, wheels, etc ... it was even fun to lose
First Phi Psi . . . “You’ll never make a lawyer.” Second No Good . . . “Why not?” First Same .. “You couldn’t pass a bar ”
WHEN DRAKE SAYS GOODBYE ... OH MY!!. . . MARJORIE BLOCKER left town by bus Friday afternoon . . JOHNNY DRAKE, MARTHA GILLESPIE, DOTTY BRYANT, and LOIS BLOW made up a farewell party . . why DRAKE had to kiss GILLESPIE, BRYANT, and BLOW when BLOCKER was the one that went away is beyond me . . . and come to think about it that DRAKE-BRYANT combination IS getting aivfully thick
SKUNK AND PHEASANT . . . these sophomore Skull and Crescent men are really going after dates the following is a classified ad that appeared in last Friday’s Exponent Wanted—Good co-ed dates for the Cotillion Banquet guaranteed. Call J Doan, 6488; J. R. Hamerstadt, 2i00; B Fenstermaker, 5071; and R Hensler, 3301. In the first place if you guys can’t get your own dates no good date would want you .. 2nd. Since when do you guys have to guarantee your banquets . . . don’t tell us that they are that poor . . 3rd Here’s hoping you each get a GOON . . .
SHE MUST BE ASHAMED OF IT .. . MARY HUFFINE, the little WRH MISS, took an SAE pin not long ago . . youis truly wrote it up for last Friday’s paper ... HUFFINE got wind of the writing . . . claimed she didn’t have . . . yours truly turned chickenhearted for the once . . . now, we find that she did have the pm . . . moral . . . never back down . . .
NOTICE ! Any Junior interested in writing
this colyum next year meet in room C, of the Union Building, Wednesday, March 10 at 4:15 . . .
66 Grads Listed In Chem. Who’s Who
New Haven, Conn, Mar 8 (Spe-cial)—Sixty-six graduates of Purdue University have won a place in Chemistry’s Roll of Honor as is evidenced by publication of their biographies in the new 1937 edition of the “Chemical Who’s Who ” This standard reference work contains sketches of 5,686 chemical company executives, distinguished chemists and chemical engineers, professors at leading universities and colleges throughout the country These men hold degrees from 456 American and 49 foreign institutions of higher learning. At the head of the list of universities in the number of their graduates among the country’s chemical leadeis, stands Columbia with 349; M. I T., second with 330; Yal4, third, 250. One hundred twentyeight colleges are represented by but a single graduate.
Tuesday, March ft, 1»37
Dairy Students Take Annual Tour
Forty-six dairy manufacture short course students lef here Sunday for Chicago on the annual inspection tour which will continue through Wednesday and take the group through the plants of dairy equipment firms, dairy plants and
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOUS, INDIANA
66 BAFFLES inside FILTER- coot SMOKE
HEDICO riLTBR PIPI
soMiTHiNawoNonrai eOlS ON INSIBI ✓ This Bimple appM^ ing yet amasing absoroent filter in>
vention with Cello* phane exterior and cooling mesh screen isjuices
■MiiEgap or watuE
and out ofmouth. Prevents tongue bite, raw mouth, wet heel, bad >dor, fre^ent expectoration. No breaking in. Improves thetasteand aromaofan^ ' tobacco.
ALSO CIOJIRETTE ANO ClfiAR
BAFFLES BREAK UP SMOKE STREAM FILTER REALLY FILTERS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
“We realize you’re new to the bank, Mr. Twitby, but you must learn to use the cash drawers.”
the Mei can tile Exchange The students will be the guests in Chicago of three dairy equipment firms including the Cherry-Burrell Corporation, Creamery Package Manufacturing Company, and the DeLavaal Separatoi Company Dr O F Hunziker, formerly head of the University dairy department, and now manager of the research division of the Blue Valley Creamery Companies, will conduct a tour through the plants of that firm. The group wfil hear several lectures on dallying at the trip headquarters, the Y M C. A. Hotel.
TODAY—WEDNESDAY First Lafayette Showing
There’s no let-up! You just laugh and laugh . . . from the,moment he tells your fortune, until he marries the girl!
Year Past Yaoe Proseat Yew Fataro eff refled fnfe ene llg hotel I
DIRTHIMOr^
MAI PRE
jm LRIAN MARSH lED KEATING EDGAR KENNEDY —Also— News—Cartoon—Comedy
ROLOERS
LUMA
TODAY-
-WEDNESDAY TONGUE-TIEDI WITH terror! 'Til AWoman Made Him Defy The Cult of Klilero Whose Bloody CodeWot ‘ TALK AND DIE!"
BICKFORAI O'RRIRN ANN IHRRIDAN ROBRRT BARRAT RsIsm Flint •iMsph Bnaynr* Addlsnn Rktaids-MBs AwH ■Mnttad W AnMt May*
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Bill Cody
‘Outlaws of the Range” —and— Mary Ellis and Walter Pidgeon
‘Fatal Lady’
Family
TODAY—WEDNESDAY Double Feature
W H AT, A. HlLARIOti^S HONEYMOON!
JL
A BRIDE...A RANCEI andaSTOLENNECKUCf
BieflBrBKPtMM
with Leo Carrillo Ida Lupino
NOW EQUIPPED WITH THE LATEST IN SOUND
'the WtW
Westertil*ElectrJc_
mikkophokic,
SOUND STSTtM^
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
^nRROU zaPOIBELl ALICE FAYE'
^RITZ BROTHERS
“THE CINEMA CIRCUS” In Technicolor With a Galaxy of Stage and Screen StarsTuesday, March 9y 1637
THi TB^Wb BapOKEWT feieSiaWBiiittiidili^^
orable Mention At Guard Position
Player
✓ Jewell Young, Purdue..-.......——F Harry Combes, Illinois... ........F John Townsend, Michigan- -C Martin Rolek, Minnesota ......G William Dye, Ohio State... .G SECOND Player Pos, John Kundla, Minnesota....-........P Mike McMichael, N’western.....,..F Boh Rlegbl, Illinbis..:...,.....C Vernon Huffman^ Indiana....y.......G Glen Downey, Purdue...i...... -.G y
FIRST TEAM
Pos.
Year
Height
Wt.
.Junior
6 ft.
146
Senior
6 ft. 11 in.
160
Junior
6 ft. 4 in.
200
Junior
5 ft. 10 in.
166
Senior TEAM
5 ft. 6 in.
147
Year
Height
Wt.
Sophomore.
6 ft. 2 in.
166
Junior
6 ft.
176
Senior
6 ft. 4 in.
210
Senior
6 ft. 2 in.
200
Senior
6 ft. 1 in.
178
Honorable Mention: Forwards—Kenneth Gunning, Indiana; Louis Boudreau, Illinois; George Rooney, Wisconsin. Centers—John Gee, Michigan; Paul Amundsenj Chicago. Guards—Jack Radabaugh, Ohio State; Joe Van Ysseldyk, Iowa; Dick Seebach, Minensota; Pat Malaska, Purdue.
Jewell Young was unanimously chosen by Big Ten coaches as foi*ward on the Associated Press Western Conference allstar basketball team, it was announced yesterday. The mythical net squad includes a representative from each of the first five high-ranking colleges in the Big Ten. Besides
Young, Harry Combes of Illin-
ois, Johnny Townsend pf Michigan, Martin Rolek of Minnesota, and “Tippy” Dye of Ohio State were chosen. Unanimous Choice Purdue’s sharpshooting southpaw, Jewell Young, was the only unanimous choice for first team honors, although the nominating committee of Big Ten mentors were in general, agreed as to the other four. Co-captain Glen Downey was chosen for second team honors at guard while Pat Malaska was given hon-
KEYS
Key* for trnnka, doer lock*, d**k leek*, nirht lotehes wid padlock*. Ante keys and handle lock* a ivor cialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Latayettcb Ind.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO
Portraits 105 Vine St.
Photo Supplies
West Lafiy^tte
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
orable mention. Last Year’s Stars
Two of the first team members are repeaters from last season. The men to repeat are Townsend, Michigan’s speedy ball-handler and the only sophomore chosen last year, was again selected at center, and Ohio State’s “Tippy” Dye was re-
elected as guard.
Most of the first string men have sizeable scoring records to their credit. Following Young’s new conference record of 172 points is John Townsend with 123 points, which ties him for second place with Mike McMichael of Northwestern. Illinois speedy forward. Combes, Col-
lected 112 points.
I U Starts Spring Grid Practice
Bloomington, Ind. —• Thirty-one sqUad members from the 1936 team, including 16 lettermen, reported for Indiana University’s opening spring football practice yesterday. Coach Bo McMillin announced that daily practices, will, he held for the next six weeks.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. BUK DR. HAROLD y. RISK DR. ROBBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schulte Bldg. .Phone 5701
BOSSUNG shoe Repair Shop
in th* VARSITY BOOT SHOP
P
RINTING
JSUDDCN
^RVICE _ _ Offle* SMoMfy, W««Min8 InvIWIoa*
PHONE - W«B««fc..Ele...= '-i 6 2 8 CASSEL*S 408k€R1ly
Custom Tailored Clothes Give You That Smart Appearance That Every One Notices and Admires.
Now is the time to come in and be fitted for an Easter Suit.
Tailor Hotel Fowler Fourth and Ferry
cJSlV£l.L. yoUA/G
Purdue Squashmen Defeat Officers
With the loss of only three games in the five matches, Purdue’s squash team defeated the Fort Harrison Officer’s Club 5-0 in a match at Fort Harrison last Saturday. Lucek, playing number one, won 3-2, and Jackson playing number four, won 3-1, to give the Officers their only three games. Sokolowski, JuVe, and Linn were the other winners for Purdue. The squashmen engage Illinois at Illinois Saturday, with the Western Intercollegiate tourney at Milwaukee coming up the following Saturday. .
Co-ed Debaters To Meet 1 U Tonight
The University’s co-ed negative debate squad, which consists of Annesther Singer, Charlotte Loclmer, and Alberta Thelen will debate with Indiana U^niversity at Bloomington tonight in a regular confer^ce debate on the question, “Resolved: That the Essential Features of the National Youth ; Administration Should Be Made Permanent.” Last Thursday night the affirmative team defeated the University of Illinois in a debate on the same question.
Local Artist To Display Paintings In Music Room
George L. Wilstach, Lafayette artist, will place 30 or 40 of his favorite paintings on display in the music room of the Purdue Memorial Union Building Monday, according to an announcement made by Prof • Laurentza Schantz«Hansen. The paintings, .which will include landscape and marine settings of Maine, and other eastern scenic places, will be exhibited for a period of two weeks.
Bums Fatal To Theodore Uerkwitz, WRH Worker
Theodore E. Uerkwitz, 31, of Lafayette, who had been employed on the construction of the new women’s residence hall died Sundaji afternoon as a result of bums suffered on the morning of February 11 as he was attempting to light a fire in a workshed of the A. E. Kemmer Construction Company, contractors. Uerkwitz was rushed to the hospital following the , explosion and suljsequently underwent a blood transfusion and two operations for the removal of his legs.
Ten Boilermakers have been chosen to represent the University in the 14.1 Pocket Billiard Championship tournament oh Thursday, March 11, in the Union billiard room in the Gar Wood trophy competition. ' Those who will represent Purdue are: E. Ambrosen, O. H. Steed, R. W. Reynolds, W. R. Hoover, and J. Ki Snyder. Alternates are: B. K. : Marlin, W. E. Johnson, Robert Kirkpatrick and J. K. Given. Gar Wood, of Detroit, is the owner of the cup, which is now held by Michigan State, who won it in a spirited contest with Indiana last year, in competition with over fifty colleges and universities. Telegraphic Meet This contest will be a telegraphic meet, with each squad reporting results by telegraph to Indiana University which will in turn distribute results to all contestants. On Thursday, March 18, the Intercollegiate Straight Rail ebampiohship will be contested. The Boilermakers now hold the cup which was awarded to “Nobe” Kizer for the best performance last year. The team for this meet will not be announced until later. Many of the. candidates are rigorously attempting to gain places on the squad.
Practice Delayed Ann Arbor, Mich. Squad practices for the Michigan football team, which were scheduled to begin this week, have been postponed until after the Conference wrestling meet here March 12 and 13. The Wolverine gridders had been hoping to go into Yost Fieldhpuse at the conclusion of the basketball season, but managers of the wrestling tournament have decided to hold the meet in the Fieldhouse and the basketball floor will be kept in place until after that event.
Rural fires in recent years have taken an average annual toll of 3,500 lives and property damage estiinated at • $100,000,000.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
R. J. BATH Watch Makar 608 Main Street
Bipw^Sqiiad Enters Meet
To Coinjji^In Gar Wood Telegraph ToiiiS nament
Wolverine Grid
PIA Members WiU HjOke Saturday Afternoon
The Purdue Independent Association Will sponsor a bike on Saturday, March 13, starting from the west door of the Memorial Union Building. The hike, which is one of a series of hikes given by the association, will be held regardless of the Weather conditions.
Ex-Boilermaker Football Captain With Chicago Sox
Ed Skoronski, Purdue’s 1935 football captain and center, is in training with the Chicago White Sox at their spring training camp in Pasadena, Cal. While enrolled herd at Purdue, Skoronski played center on the varr sity football team, caught for the baseball team and put the shot for the track team. He had just started his third year in the University when he was declared ineligible. Ed hopes to land a berth as catcher on the White Sox team. Last fall he played football with the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Big Ten Standings
—Final— ” W L Pet. Illinois Id 2 .833 Minnesota 10 2 .833 Michigan .............. 9 3 .750 PURDUE.... 8 4 .667 Ohio State 7 5 .583 Indiana 6 6 .500 North-western........ 4 8 .333 Wisconsin 3 9 .250 Iowa 3 9 .250 Chicago 0 12 .000 Saturday’s Results Minnesota, 33; Chicago; 23. Illinois, 32; Northwestern, 26. Michigan, 41; Wisconsin, 27.
YWGA To Extend Time For Payment Of Dues
TankmeD SinkIndiana, 46-38
m
OoMi CkiiiteBt libclded 111 Laat Two EreolBi
Clossint's and Armstr(nig> feuit finish in the440yard free style event assured the Boilermakers of their 46-38 victory over Indiana at Bloomington last Saturday, in the final tank meet of the season for Purdue. With the Gold and Black swimmers behind 33-30 going into the next te last event, both Closson and Armstrong turned on the steam to place first and second respectively, and help the Purdue tankmen avenge previous defeat at the hands of the Crimson swimmers. Capt. Paul Vemor was high point man for the ‘meet, with victories in the 220 ya.’f free style, and lOO yard free style. Vemer also pulled the final event, the 400 yard relay, out of the fire for the Boilermakers, by coming from behind and beating out the Indiana anchor man. Summaries: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Won by Indiana (Lucas, Feigel, LaPlante). Time 3:26. 220 Yard Free Style—Won by Vernor (P); Jackson (I) second; Closson (P) third. Time, 2:29. Diving—Won by Fiegel (I); Craig (P) second; Logue (I) third. 50 Yard Free Style—Won by Marsh (I); Whitcomb (P) second; Wallace (P) third. Time, :25.2. 100 Yard Free Style—Won by Vemor (P); Marsh (I) second; Whitcomb (P) third. Time, :67.5. 150 Yard Back Stroke—^Won by Lucas (I); Tredwell (P) second; Jacobi (P) third. Time, 1:53.1. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by Fiegel (I); VanDelester (P) second; Carr (P) third. Time, 2:49.6. 440 Yard Free Style— Won by Closson (P); Armstrong (P) second; Jacobson (I) third. Time, 5:45. 400 Yard Relay—Won by Purdue (Stewart, Whitcomb, Wallace, and' Vernor), Time, 3:52.4.
Y. W. C; A. has announced that the time for paying dues has been extended until next Thursday evening. At that time nominations will be made and ;anyone yrho wishes to vote must have turned in their dues.
Evidence of a race of g;iant warrior Indians which roamed in the I hills and plains of Texas, nearly 1,000 years ago, has been discovered by E. F. Pohl, archaeologist, in excavations at Cold Spring, Tex.
WardJJQefeatsOiiO’s
In the final game of the intramural tournament of the W. A. A. basketball season Chi Omega was defeated by Ward 2 37 to 33.
Around 18,000,000 golf balls are manufactured in the United States annuRlly.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LIHLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
188 8. Plene
■ > ,■■■ -
• • • • •
Where your advertisement should have been this week, but we are udng the spot to tell yon that wid^ awoke advertisers con get the best results in West Lafayette through the paper theit every Purdue student and faculty member reads doily—
'THE ■ Purdue Exponent
%
I I
I
I
.'-"SI, ✓
' •’I'jV V '5 !}}• r ,
Ki^pa Sigma fraternity lutmounces the ,el«e^1^on of the follotrit^ officers: president,'W. H. Barry, lEvanston. Hi.; vice-president, M. F. Nolting, Indianapolis; secretary, J. L. Thompson, Indianapolis; treasurer, R. G. DeliOng, Waukesha, Wis. and rush chairman, R. L. Wellbrock, Peoria, HI.
Former Purdue Student Marries DePauw Co-ed Elvin L. Job, Gosport, engineering student at the University during the year 1934-35, was married to Gertrude Hammond, of Quincy, recently. Mrs. Job was music student at DePauw before her marriage. The couple will reside in Indianapolis.
R, B. Gregg To Address Adult Education Group “Home Work Shop Equipment” will be the subject of a talk that R.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB 822-24 BIsin
LEARN THE LATE SWING DANCES New Advanced Class FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Opens Thurs., Mar. 11 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 Allen Seth and Ferry
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
B. Gregg of the practical mechanics department will give this evening at 7:30 o'clock before a study group as a part of the local adult educational program. The' meeting will be held in room B of the Purdue Memorial Union Building.
Dr. Sears Will Speak On “Diplomacy” Tomorrow Prof. L. M. Sears of the Purdue history, economics and government department, will speak on “Diplomacy” before the weekly open meeting of the Multiproforum, Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. The meeting will be held in room B of the Purdue Memorial Union Building.
Much of London’s water supply is drawn from a great lake underlying the chalk bed on which the city is built.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. —CREEK.
Learn To Dance Correctly—By enrolling in our new Beginners’ Class Wednesday, March 10 at 7:30 p. m. Indiana’s Largest Dancing School, at 6th and Ferry streets.— Allen’s.
Improve Your Dancing—By enrolling in our New Advanced Class
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for l^ecial Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5028 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
SURE I'M HAPPY
rm going to spend the afternoon with friends at the FOWLER The Place Where Friends Meet
FOWLER HOTEL
which pp6n Thtmas^y, 3lti|n;h tl, at 7:60 p. m.—Allen's.
Good PuHTtplile Victeolps—^W^ith records. $6.50. Tuxedo suits at Mcsoxp's Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
For Rent—One student room, private entrance, continuous hot water. Phone 41671.
NOTICES No notiCMacMptMl irttsr S p. m.
RcmoTol of Math CondiHons—Examina^ tions for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. in the Recitation Building. —MARSHALL.
Basketball Game- Staff—^Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc., during the basketball season, report at the ticket office immediately for payirient. —KI2ER.
OMMsmasrimaoainMBtiBaMBaam&BdBSBBaBMsf!
f
less tkan 3 weeks awayl
Have you sent your Spring Suit and Topcoat to CROWN to be cleaned and pressed
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —^NELSON.
English 1 Conditions—In preparation for the condition examination on' March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows: Spelling, Thursday, March 11, Friday, March 12: Grammar, Monday, March 16, Tuesday, March 16; Punctuation,. Wednesday, March 17, Thursday, March 18; General Review, Friday, March 19. All classes will be held at 4 p. m. in 201 Education Building. No fees, no registration. —FOWLER.
All Cadet Officers—Read information on Corp review for Military Carnival now in boxes before X hour or corp day drill. HAYFORD.
Faculty—Members of the faculty who desire tickets 'to the Military Carnival and who did not receive application blanks may obtain tickets by sending an informal request and a return envelope to the Adjutant, Military Department. These application must be in the Adjutant’s office before 4:30 p. March 9. —HAYFORD.
W. A. A. Basketball—Open practice for
riME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
class basketball will be held March 8, 9, and 10 in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER.
Christian Science Organization — Regular meeting will be held in room F of the Union Building at 7 :15 March 9. —WINTrilR.
University Orchestra—Rehearsal March 9 at 4 p. m. with chorus. —PHILLIPS.
Bold and Black—^Any Juniors interested in writing Bold and Black for next year report to room C of the Memorial Union Building at 4 :16 March 10. —OHAVER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Pledging at the Delta Tau Delta House March 12 at 7:30 p. m. —BROWN.
W. A. A. Basketball Practice—^Those who wish to participate in class games must attend practices on March 9 and 10 at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER.
Skull and Crescent—All members please let me know on or before March 11 whether or not you plan to attend the banquet on the night of the Cotillion. —MEIER.
Y. W. C. A.—^The date for payment of dues with voting privileges has been ex-
tended until 6 p. m. March- 11. —JONES.
Badminton Tournament—^The following games will be played today at 4 o’clock: W. Long vs. B. Elstun; H. Tugandis vs. J. Johnson; at 4:30 o’clock, Knollman vs. Fenton, Auld vs. Senour. Record scores on bulletin board. —MAIER.
Independents—Tryouts for Skit Shop’s next play will be held March 9 at 7 :80 p, m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. The play, “Lady And The Law,’’ will be produced Sunday, March 21. —WHITE.
Fraternity President’s Council—^Meeting March 11 at 6 p. m. in the Kappa Sigma house. —KETTLE.
Catalyst Club-rShort business meeting at the Delta Tau Delta bouse March 10 at 7:30 p. m. —STREN.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Play day volleyball practice at 4 p. m. March 9. —THATCHER.
Scrivener Club—Business meeting at 7 p. m. March 9 in office in Memorial Union Building. —WHITCOLM.
Gold Peppers— Important meeting March
9 at 6 p. m. in WSGA office.
-SCUDDBR.
Student Senate—^New constitution now available at the Student Senate office. —ROYHANS.
Mortar Board—Important meeting at 4 p.m. March 9 in the W. S. G. A. office. —ADKINS. Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades in' Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1:80 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4:00 p. m. March 9. —PUTZE.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Helen Jepson tells why she chooses Luckies for her voice
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
liusband’s insomnia is drivin’ me mad—I ain’t been through his pockets in weeks.”
LOVELY PRIMA DONNA OF METRpPOLlTiJiiN OPERA SAYS: season of opera and concert means my voice and throat must be consistently inperfect condition* Therefore, although most of my smoking is done while I am on vacation^ it is all important to me that I hc'careful in choosing my cigarette* I smoke Luckies because 1 enjoy their taste and because I feel it is wiser for me to choose 0 light smoke for my voiced*
sQanIlCOSOvx—"
lH independent survey was made recently among professional riien and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87^ stated they personally prefer a light smoke. Miss Jepson verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. ThaPs why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process **It’s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE FINEST TOBACCOS-^ «THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke " Tt*s Toasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Copyright 1BS7, TRio Amorican TohMW Oottpuv