’ /
, (
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
(.■y
TUESDAY
May 2. 1939
Lafayette* Indiana
VoLSO
No. 171
Ted Weems Annual Cary
Cary Hall men will dance to the rhythm of Ted Weems and his orchestra at their annual spring formal May 26 in the Union ballroom, according to Carl Lutz, chairman of the social committee for'^the dance. Coming directly from the Gold Coast Room of the Drake Hotel in •Chicago, Weems -will bring a featured lii^ «f players including Red Ingle, Parker Gibbs, and vocalists Elmo Tanner and Perry Como. Dance Closed The dance will be closed, and only strictly summer formal attire will be acceptanble. Dancing will last from 8:30 to 12:30. Members of the committee in charge include Eric Johnson, Bob Mullett, Don Rice, Bill Briscoe, Bob Lowe, and Ed Cain. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Pletemeyer, Dr. and Mrs. H. Hunt, Dr. and Mrs. G. A. Hawkins, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Dietrich, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Stewart, and Dean and Mrs. Knapp will serve as chaperones. Halls Invite Mothers
To Play For
Hall Formal Friday'ln Ballroom
Maxfield Will Play For "P" Men's Dance
Gala Week Committee Asks
Photograph\Class To Hear Prof) Elrod At Meeting Tonight The second meeting of the Union, Debris, and Camera Club photographers will be held tonight in the old chestnut room of the Union. The course giving instruction to the beginners who are interested in photography, and aspirants to next year’s Debris camera staff, will be continued. S. B. Elrod, instructor in the General Engineering Department, will give a talk on miniature photography. He will also tell about the different types of printing papers and miniature enlarging. Bill Hedden, president of the club, will speak on mounting and Salon prints. Bill Derner will give a talk on mounting techniques, including borders, titles, and spacing. Plans concerning a forthcoming picnic to be held in the latter part of May at Turkey Run State Park, will be made. An exhibit to be held next month will also be announced.
ToOpenHouseMayll 6E105 Classic Hear
Completing the University open house during the week-end of May 13 and 14 the men’s residences are also open for inspection. The halls will be open on May 14, Mother’s Day, from 3 to 5:30 p. m., and all Mothers are cordially invited. All four units will be opened including the individual rooms, the lounges, all steam-electric kitchens, dining rooms, grill, and post office. Group invitations have been sent to all sororities, fraternities, local organizations, the faculty and the women’s residence halls. Co-eds May Report
Charles L. Saunders Discussing sales engineering from the sales manager’s point of view, Charles L. Sounders, vice-president of the Minrieapolis Honeywell Regulator Co., will speak at an open meeting of the GE 105 class in distribution, tomorrow at 8 a. m. in room 108 of the ME Building. Saunders, a graduate of the University of Virginia, was initially with the Brown Instrument Co., and when the two companies combined in 1935 1^ became sales manager of the mid.'qst district, moving up from there to* vice-president.
For Interviews Today Tickets Go On Sale
For 'Journey's End'
Present sophomore and junior co-eds who would like to participate in next year’s counseling program for freshmen and transfer students and have not yet been interviewed are asked to report to the WSGA office in the Union between 4 and 5:30 p. m. today or tomorrow. Over 100 girls, interested in becoming counselors, have already been interviewed by Libby Barmes head of freshmen orientation, and Margaret Saurer, who will be in charge of transfer students. However, final selections have not been made. Girls chosen as counselois will be notified by mail the latter
part of this yveek.
Forester's Field Day Planned For May 13 Forestry Club’s annual field day will take place at Ross Camp on May 13. Frosh, sophs, and juniors and seniors will again vie for honors of having their respective class numerals placed on the Forestry Club field day placque which hangs in the main forestry office. The class with the highest total points obtained from placing in the various scheduled events ■will be chosen. Events scheduled for the field day meet are pacing, compass traverse, sawing, track events, and soft ball games. Singing, story telling, and a hearty supper will be the program for the evening. Friends of Forestry Club members are also
invited to attend.
Alpha Chi Rho... . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Rqbert E. Hall, Indianapolis; Fred D. Richards, Indianapolis; Charles M. McKeighan, Gary; and Howard J. Houk, ’35, West Lafayette; and the pledging of James A. Starkey, Oak Park, 111.
“Journey’s End,” Playshop’s final production for the year, opens on Tuesday, May 9 in Eliza Fowler Hall, for a five night run. Students may see the play any night except Saturday, which has been reserved for visiting mothers. Tickets are now on sale and may be obtained for any of the nights between three and five every afternoon in the Playshop office of Fowler Hall. Staff Members Meet At Annual Exponent Banquet Editorial, business and circulation staff members of the Exponent met Sunday evening at the annual banquet in the Union ballroom. Lowell Hardin, managing editor, who acted as toastmaster, introduced faculty advisors Prof. McKee, T. R. Johnson, and others of the staff. The banquet ended with the presentation of keys to sophomore, junior and senior members on the Exponent staff.
Salisbury...
Held on the first night of Open House, the Gala Week “P”-Men’s Dance "will feature the music of Red Maxfield and his University of Hlinois orchestra. The dance, a part of the festivities planned for Gala Week, will be held in the Union ballroom Friday, May 5, from 9 to 12 p. m. Tickets may be purchased for one dollar from committee members, west Union desk, Deac’s, or Bartlett’s Drug Store. Members on the dance committee are: C. A. Liming, chairman, N. P. Poulos, R. C. Potter, A. V. Gaulke, and J. L. Welsch. The P-Men’s Club is an organization of all letter men on the campus. Officers elected at a recent election were D. K. Johnson, president; Bob Vyverberg, vice-president; Wendell Britt, secretary-treasurer. Dean Stratton Talks At'Smarty Supper' Sophomore, junior, and senior distinguished co-eds were entertained at a “Smarty Supper” in the faculty lounge of the Union Sunday evening at 5:30. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton discussed the survey of the science field for co-eds to be added to the curriculum and obtained the opinion of the co-eds present. Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, Professor E. A. Mitchell, physics department, and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton were the faculty guests. The “Smarty Supper” is an annual affair honoring all distinguished co-eds except freshmen and is sponsored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary. It is held in an effort to promote good scholarship. Forestry Club To See Nature Movies Today University Forestry Club members and their friends will see a mo'ving picture, “Courting the Grouse,” at the regular meeting of the club today at 7:30 p. m. in the auditorium of the Horticultural Building. The pictures were obtained from the University of Minnesota Museum of Natural History. J. C. Kase, of the forestry department, will supplement the picture with comments. The picture 'will deal with the mating activities of the grouse family. Club members are especially urged to attend as well as others. Refreshments •will be served following the program.
Seniors To Saturday;
Attend Offers
Parade Trophy
Tau Bete To Present Pledges At Banquet In Union Tomorrow Tau Beta Pi, national engineering scholastic honorary, will give its annual banquet at 6 p. m. tqmorrow in the Union ballroom. Members of the other engineering honoraries, distinguished students, upper class co-eds, and faculty members are invited to attend. The speaker of the evening will be Dr. Henry T. Heald, President of Armour Institute of Technology. Robert M. Sasser will be toastmaster, and pledges to Tau Beta Pi will be presented by William H. Smith, president of the honorary. Tickets at one dollar each can be obtained at the main Union Desk, at the offices of the heads of the engineering schools, or from members of the banquet committee. Dr. Tower To Speak At Marital Lecture Dr. Elizabeth Tower, practicing physician from Chicago, will speak on “The Hygiene of Marriage” at a marital lecture for senior women at 7 p. m. today in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. Tower who has spoken on the campus for the past several years was asked to return by popular request. Thursday, Dr. Ralph Gerard of Chicago, wil speak on “Marriage From a Man’s Point of View” in the last lecture of the series. He will also appear in the women’s lounge at 7 p. m. Meredith Club, Omicron Nu Banquet Tickets Go On Sale Tickets for the annual banquet of the Virginia p. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu may be obtained from Treva Berry, ticket chairman, at 50 cents each. At this banquet, open to all co-eds and faculty members, the most outstanding co-ed in the home economics department will be presented ■with the Omicron Nu medal. Hazel Manning, professor of the clothing and textiles course at the University of Wisconsin, will be the principal speaker.
Army Men Prepare To Give Again For Honor Of Purdue
. . . co-operative house elected the following officers at a meeting held last night: Thomas Weldon, president; E. G. Thornbury, vice-presi-dent; R. H. Harper, secretary; and R. Heath, treasurer. '^Debris'... I . . . will make its appearance on Saturday, according to announcement yesterday by Boyette Edwards, business manager. The Debris will be distributed at the Debris office between 1 and 5 p. m. to all persons presenting passports and rieceipts.
By D. Merit ROTC men -will again have a chance to show how perfectly they have been trained at the coming National Inspection on May 12. Visiting officers, congressmen, and other high officials will have another chance to remark that Purdue Univeisity has one of the best trained field artillery units in the United States. This recognition has been proven by Life magazine’s offer to take pictures of “the splendid military unit that has won so many honors.” Soldier participants in the huge military assembly will cuss to themselves, saying that they never want to see a uniform again. But deep in their hearts they are thrilled to think that they have a part in the great occasion. Tough Stuff Boots may be as hea'vy as Wd, arms may ache, clothing may be drenched "with perspiration; but still they like it.
Seventy Gun Salute, Wreath Ceremony, And Flag Raising Will Open Activities In order to'stimulate attendance at the annual senior Gala Week parade, committees on attendance have been picked from each school and a trophy is being oifered for the highest per cent* group participating. Seniors will form in the oval on Saturday for the opening ceremonies, and then lead a march to the stadium for completion of the afternoon’s activities.
Committees
The committees are: ME, D. C. Harvey, J. E. Taylor, W. Smith, J. E. Hammer; ChE, E. K. Lowen, J. H. Jacobi, G. Craig, R. F. Duncan; PSE, V. Farrow, C. Meier; HE, Margaret Johnson, Barbara Gibbs, Eleanor Benton; Sc, Martha Wood, Betty Soehner, C. L. Grant, R. R. Hannas; Ag, H. Stonaker, R. Horner, T. B. Glazebrook, J. Gobble; EE, L. E. Keck, G. W. Tobin; CE, F. C. Moses, F. C. Ahrens; Pharm, R. E. Heine. The parade committee will meet at 4:15 p. m. today in room C of the Union. Opening the ceremonies for Saturday afternoon, the University Corps will fire a seventy gun salute commemorating the founding of the University and a member of the silver anniversary class "iliall place a wreath on the grave of John Purdue. The flag of the class of ’39 will be raised following the ■wreath service, and then the parade, led by seniors and the band, will proceed to the stadium. Corps Review Corps review for today and Thursday have been cancelled in favor of a Gala Week review of the entire corps at 4 p. m. Friday on Russell field. In the Armory Friday, a complete battery of motorized field artillery will be on display. This equipment ■will include the new field radio, machine guns, and all instruments used in compu'ting firing data. The trainer battery, used on a hundred foot range, will also be dem-
onstrated.
Founder’s Banquet Topping off Saturday’s activity, the Founder’s Day Banquet at 6 p. m. and the senior-alumni mixer at 9 p. m. will be held in the Union ballroom. Seniors attending the banquet will hear George Ade and John T. McCutcheon, and in addition, the Gala Week committee promises them a surprise which should appeal to their pocketbooks. Bill Martin will furnish the do'wnbeat for the mixer, for which one of the couple must be a senior to attend. Passports will be required.
Freshmen who have not yet seen a national inspection hear from veteran sophomores that it is a hard, man-killing task to stand in one place for a long time, ■wishing to scratch an itch, yet afraid to because they had promised not to move unless ordered to. This loyalty tb the training sergeant a,riid army officers welds a closer bond between them. Good Looking Co-eds and townspeople who watch the annual inspection gaze in awe at the inspiring sight of an immobile mass of youths "with their shining boots and gleaming buttons. When marching, the perfect unison of their feet is enough to start the spectator’s own feet moving, keeping time, and wising they could ^Ibe out there, too. / However, it’s not all fun. But with a long string of winnings to spur them on, the boys know that they can’t let Purdue down by losing one national inspection.
AIME Will Hear Iron Ore Talk Tomorrow T. B. Cdunselman, technical director of the Chicago division of the Dorr Co., manufacturers of ore classifiers, will speak on “Beneficiation of Iron Ores” to the student chapter of the AIME in a meeting tomorrow evening at 8 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Counselman is secretary treasurer of the Chicago section of the AIME and member of the Milling Methods committee of the organization. He is also the author of many papers on iron ore beneficiation, which is the treatment of ore to enable a better recovery of iron. The talk will be illustrated and open to all interested students and
faculty.
Clothing Siudents To Give Fashion Show “Campus Cosutmes” will be featured at a fashion show given by the freshman, sophomore, junior and senior clothing students for Purdue Mothers on Saturday, May 13, at 10:30 a. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Costumes which these co-eds model were made by them in their clothing classes. Members of the millinery class will also display the hats which they have created during the semester. Betty Hegele is in charge of arrangements for the event. Marge Poor will be chairman, announcing and explaining the dresses, while Virginia Hulse has charge of training of the models. Adivities Bureau Calls For Co-op Buying Charts Cooperation of all' independent students is asked by the PIA and the Activities Bureau in connection with the survey held during the last two weeks. The blanks regarding the proposed plan of co-opera-tive buying by students have been handed out and a number of them have been returned. However, the final tabulation can not be completed Until all forms have been returned. These forms should be returned to either Union desk as soon as possible. Beta Sigma PsL.. . . . social fraternity elected the following officers at a meeting last night: A. M. Reguly, president; R. L. Brindle, first vice-president; R. B. Janota, second vice-president; A. A. Winkler, secretary; J. J. Vona, treasurer; E. H. Mesterham and R. H. Berstedt, co-rush chairmen; and N. R. Mankey, social chairman.
...
... i^agazine will send photographer Fritz Henle here either today or tomorrow to take pictures Friday of activities carried on by the military department, according to a telegram received yesterday by Col, D. M. Beere.
G. M. Research Man To Speak Tomorrow E. M. McElhaney, a member of the research division of General Motors who addressed the freshmen last Saturday morning, will repeat his*lectm’e tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the EE Building. The talk originally announced for tonight will not be given. Many interesting demonstrations are included in McElhaney’s lecture, including the transmission of sound over a beam of light, stroboscopic phenomenon, and the electric eye. He also points out the possibility of piped light and textiles made of glass in the future. Reamers EledOfficets Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary for independent men, elected officers last night at a meeting in room F of the Union Building. New officers are, Ralph Reiley, president; Rolfe Jenkins, vice- president; Lawrence Archibald, secretar; John Nitsche, treasurer; and George Olsen, sergeant-at-arms. Club members are planning a spring picnic on Monday, May 16.
1 i^dlikhiaL
IHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesdtoy* May 2. 1939
Sidewalks...
. * . arfe being constructed all around us. \i^ere evelr we want to walk, there is a strip of wet cement. Thus it would seem the logical time to bring up any suggested improvements in the walks about the campus. The place that worries us is the space around the “Protect Our Campus” sign down at the comer where Hello Walk passes the Main Gates on State
Street.
It seems that students, in a hurry to get home or to classes, cut the corner and make wide paths around both sides of the aforementioned sign. Also there is a path leading from Hello Walk to the road past Fowler Hall. At this conspicuous point on the campus’s State street side, these beaten paths detract from the campus beauty and should be elim-
inated.
We understand that in the past wires have been strung across the grass at this place and have, to ascertain extent, put an end to the short-cutting. But eventually the paths ai>pears again. Folks going from the west side of the campus to Fowler Hall, the Union Building, or the village are the chief delinquents. So, throwing precedent to the winds, we stick our neck out and present what we believe might be a'workable plan. Although we know that the oval is sacred to every student and faculty member here at the University, it would be entirely possible to put a sidewalk straight across it—from Fowler Hall to the walk rounding University Hall. Oh, you throw up your hands at the idea? Why now, it really wouldn’t look bad at all. A low hedge planted along beside the walk and plenyt of trees along it would add to the looks of the oval. Then, too, it wouldn’t come close to John Purdue’s grave. A continuation of the walk in front of the library and Fowler Hall would just about center the grave in the north portion of the oval. Benches along the walk wouldn’t hurt either. A new walk would take the traffic off Hello Walk, which could then, through the aid of a sign proclaiming the tradition at each end, regain its “Hello.” The only other suggestions we have for the protection of the grass at the gate would probably be more appealing to the administration —^it would consist of a permanent fence, iron pipe or hedge, from the point where the present hedge ends to the main gate itself.— G.W.F. Cooperative Buying... . . . for fraternities will be discussed at the PVatemity Presidents’ Coi^cil meeting tonight. Backers of the plan propose a governing board of directors and a full-time salaried buyer to keep accounts and make purchases. As independent organizations, the fraternities are free to conduct their own business, without University supervision. The buying arrangement will be non-profit; buyers and clerks will be paid by a small extra assessment made to each member or a prorated
basis.
A Purdue fraternity committee spent last Wednesday at an Ohio State “cooperative buying conference.” Ohio’s set-up has been very successful, and the Purdue group proposed to model their organization in many respects after the Ohio system. The plan would not only cover food purchases, but also coal, furniture, and possibly laundry, cleaning, and other services. Each house may take advantage of whatever services it desires. ; Ohio State fraternities have sayed 17 Yz per cent over previous expenses by using this system. Its value in reducing costs and subsequently lowering house bills cannot be denied.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor ...L« S. Hardin City Editor...., D. A. Bailey Associate Editor8......G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R, E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson ') Sophomore Assistants—^R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Lev^r, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKelghan, M. Mi'ers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A. Yates. BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager..... M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. E, M. Antonini Circulation Manager., W. F. Berg Sales Manager ,...., .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director. J). J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor... „.l.........,.SBlly McKee Associate Editors , ........Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors ; J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINS BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. Chicaso ' BosTon ■ Lot Ahoklu - Sae feamcisco This newspaper is ■written, edited, and published by undergraduate'Students of Purdue_ University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with 'the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are ■written by the editoivin-chief.
Night Editor—Thompson Issue Editor—O'Connell Tuesday, May 2, 1939
1
WBAA
■nrHB VOICK OF PURDUB"
Cinema Cum
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security, 11:35—The Home Makers, Margaret Jones, Jean Bailey, Betty Jo Sexton. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Meet Your Voice. 12:15—Russ, Bob, an4' Dick. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—^^Market Reports. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Ele^rical Shops, 1:30——Scientific News Review. 1:45—Gertrude Stillabower, violinist. 2:00—Afternoon Music. 2:15—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist, ■' 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—^Treasure Chest. 3:00—Melody Time. 3:16—Darlene Mahns, popular Bongs, 3:30—Your Radio Correspondent. 3:46—Pat Reiser, pianist. 4:00-^Purdue Debris. 4:16—Quips and Queries. 4:30^Paul Mitchell, popular songs 4:46—Story Book Hour.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Stage Coach.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: Today-Tomorrow. Nine passengers ride through the bad-lands in a stage-coach, each qg, a secret dangerous mission of his own. Claire Trevor, as Dallas, the “fancy-girl,” who was chased out of town, Andy Devine, the driver, George Bancroft, the long arm of the law, John Wayne as the “Ringo Kid,” Thomas Mitchell as the banker who carries a mine payroll in his mysterious black bag, and four others, an expectant mother, a, drink-sodden doctor, a whiskey taster, and a notorious -bad man, form the party. ,|. John Wayne, a new find, will thrill the feminine fans as a strong, silent westerner who vows to avenge the murder of his younger brother. The scene in which Wasme avenges his brother’s death is one of the most thrilling and suspensefilled scenes in Western movie annals. An attack by Apaches under their murderous chief, Toronto, and
Eitjhier we’re being gangfed up oh or Sherlock Holmes is fast asleep ... anyhow, try as we did, we could not find out enough dope about each separate sorority to dedicate them a separate column ... the one thing we will do, dedicate a pome each day ... today is the Theta’s:
The daily cost of feeding an average fraternity man is now about 65 cents. When the plan is in operation its backers claim this figure can be cut to 50 cents. They expect a furniture cost saving of 40 per cent and a coal saving of 20 per cent. The boa,rd of directors will consist of three men from the Fraternity Advisors’ Council and four student members. This board will pass^="^bn called-for bids covering desired qualities and brands of food as submitted by merchants. Sororities and student managed co-op houses will be invited to join the association ; provision will be made for their representation among the student directors. Cooperative buying is not designed to take business away from local merchants. They will be able to sell more food with less bookkeeping under the proposed system. It will be specified in the organization constitution that the principal place of business is to be Lafayette and Tippecanoe county. Orders will be large and wholesalers will be paid in cash immediately upon receipt of goods. Merchants in Columbus, Ohio, generally favor the plan as administered at Ohio State. Details will be discussed at the Fraternity Council meeting tonight. If 30 members ratify the plan it will start actual work; more members will mean greater purchasing power and greater total savings. The plan ■ could be in working condition by June and completely organized by September if a board of directors can be chosen early in May and an experienced buyer hired. The scheme’s success next year would be a real honor to its present advocates and those chosen to direct its operation.—D. G. T.
TO THE THETAS . . . You may have your Kappas and your Omegas But I’ll stick here with most of the Thetas. Easy come, easy go Three to place ahd four to go. With lines as trim as molded sculpture, What girls they are for physical culture. Lips are red . . .eyes are blue Here’s to the Theta, may she always be true. (don’t blame uS for this) Announcement: Tekes wish to say that BILL HANSEN, Bessemer beau brummel, is out of circulation. He lost his pin to a Duluth gal .. . what are we supposed to do ... weep ?
a thrilling rescue climax acts of heroism by members of the party, ^ The Captain and the Kids romp through Yellowstone Park in a color cartoon comedy. , A newsreel completes the bill.
^tsdhiM the Editor
Li«tt«ra aeoeptcd for pobUeatton tai tUa eoloun' unat ba aaaoinpajilad bgr " ttia wrftcr'a alcnatora aad aboidd m limited to IM its laastb. Ordinarily the author’a name 17111 be published with the letter. If tm. reasons obvloua to our readeia the name is withheld, it will be kept In strict eonfldenee. The Exponent does not assume any resiKtnaibilitr for the opinions voiced in this column. EARLHAM SERENADE To the Editor: Earlham College students were still “singing” words of praise this morning for the Purdue Glee Club which serenaded women in Earlham Hall here Thursday night following the concert in downtown Richmond. It was an unusual treat and men and women alike certainly appreciated the brief visit. Many asked when they would return. Paul F. Ingels.
ULTRA SPECIAL NEWS ! ! White ties, all the strictly formal stuff and the Cary Hall FORMAL . . . once more, these lads put one over on the Prom Committee by bringing to their spring ultra formal dance none other than TED WEEMS . , . and not to forget the lovable ELMO TANNER! And it is to happen the week after PROM!
A WRH co-ed has received a model battleship using DOC MILLER’S pink capsules as torpedoes. Just chalk up another method of getting rid of those “horse pills.” We think the boy who had the brainstorm on the Chemical analysis deserves a pass . . . it’s coming to you through the mail WARREN DUBSKY. And the rest of you. . . there’s more of those Lafayette and Mars passes. GRIPE— For the major part of this school year, I’ve been privileged to hear. Of the sloppy, unkempt engineer. God bless him! On closer look, the girl who speaks Hasn’t combed her hair for weeks. Her makeup smears. Her slip droops out. Her legs are bare Her waist too stout. Yet she has the fortitude to flout The BLESSED ENGINEER!
Well, it took a case of champagne but Sigma Nu’s McCREERY and LARAMOEE finally got rid of their pins. Three long years of trying
GRIN AND BEAR rr
By Lfcbly
“Stop brooding, Gilhoofeyfl*bqm fenders gotta get dented some time !”
and then in the shadow of graduation it happens i.. bang. MAC was so happy about the whole thing that he fell out of bed at periodic intervals all during the night and JAWVIS had to tuck him back in every time. We hear the “snake hotel” really did things up brown that Saturday night what with the case of champagne, ballons, banquet ala King Henry VIII and the latest recordings ( ? ? ? )' WEATHERALD still can’t figure out how his Theta got up on his lap. He still claims that there’s a hill between the Theta front porch and Littleton street. McDonald came home wearing TWO hats and they were BOTH his. Tsk, tsk. LENNOX missed the front door at the Kappa house by at least two feet. That’s all... goodbye.
Guest Night... for the Ladies Lion’s Club, will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. The program will include selections by Wallace Woodrow, baritone soloist, who will be accompanied by Edith Mills, Drs. Margaret Johnson and Marian Griffith will also give a review of a summer in Scandinavia.
hilAIIS TODAY-WEDNESJ>AY
'^TI8£ HiHHNSAS TRUVELER^ IS SiOK!
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— and ■— "BOOTHILL BRIGADE' — with -— JOHNNY MAC BROWN also — 'FLAMING FRONTIER/' Serial
LUHA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
20« to 6 then 10-20-25c
UffiflKETU TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Exciting Journey Into the Bad Lands of a Wild and Lawless Era ...
WITH-r CLAIRE TREVOR )OHN WAYNE ANDY DEVINE GEORGE BANCROFT
MAid
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Tough — Rough— And Bluff Mickey in a Sympathetic Role! tumt'
Plus — The Happiest - Scrappiest Family in All America!t^esdoy* May 2. lil^d
THE PURDUE
SpiO^dA^
EXPONENT
Riveter Nine SHI! Leads Big Ten Ball Standings While Cottch Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker nine, although idle, retainedleadership in the Western Conference baseball standing, Indiana and Minnesota fell ffom the ranks of the unbeaten contingents over the week end, losirife to Chicago and Iowa, respectively.
Iowa swept a two-game series, last season, and Illinois were the only teahis making any appreciable advance toward the Riveters’ pacesetting spot. Iowa Wins Twice Iowa swept-a two-game series, trouncing Minnesota, hitherto xmdefeated in a pair of games, 11-2, and 6-0. The defeats dropped the Gophers from a tie for second to fifth,place and elevated Iowa to fourth place. Illinois, behind the air-tight hurling of Grant, likewise swept a twogame series, defeating Ohio State twice, 13 to 4, and 8 to 1. Chicago scored its first conference victory last Friday by eking out a win over Indiana, 4 to 3, but
The standings:
t
Won
Lost
Pet
PURDUE
.... 3
0
1.000
Illinois
3
1
.760
Indiana . . .
.. 3
1
.750
Iowa
. .. 3
2
.600
(
Minnesota . ..
2
2
.500
Michigan
1
1
.500
Ohio State .
1
3
.260
Wisconsin
... 1
3
.260
Chicago .
.... 1
3
.260
Northwestern ..
1
3
.260
This Week’s Games Friday — Ipwa at Chicago, Illinois at Michigan, Minnesota at Wisconsin, Northwestern at Ohio State, Indiana at Purdue. Saturday—Iowa at Chicago, Illinois at Michigan, Minnesota at Wisconsin, Northwestern at Ohio State, Indiana at Purdue. the Hoosiers turned the tables on Saturday, 13 to 6, to earn a tie for
runner-up positions with Illinois. Wildcats, Badgers Split Series • Northwestern and Wisconsin in the fourth of the two-game series over the week-end broke eveip, each recording its first conference victory. The Wildcats won last Saturday, 5 to 1, behind Bill Syring’s five-hit pitching after the Badgers had won Friday, 10 to 1. This gave each of them one triumph in four games and a tie for seventh place with Ohio State and Chicago. Michigan’s Wolverines, who were idle, remained in a fifth place tie with Minnesota, both having .600 percentages. Grid Team Prepares For Game Saturday With the end of spring football practice approaching, the Boilermaker grid men interrupted their intensive practice yesterday and took a look at motion pictures of the Fordham game in which they held the Rams to a 6-6 tie last fall in the Polo Grounds in New York. Saturday’s intra-squad game, which will climax the spring training season, will be a high spot of the week-end of activity on the campus. This game, which is to be played in Ross-Ade Stadium, will give Boilermaker grid fans a preview of the team which many regard as having the most possibilities of any recent outfit to represent the Gold and Black.
There is always a world of things to do in the Union. / I Consider the Union as part of your college career —When making out your schedule of work and recreation, be sure to include a daily visit to the Union. You will lengthen your list of friends in the Union.
JhSL fiWtduSL TnmuydaL lAmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
(icUch-A Nine Home Events On University Gala ChaioL Week Sports Schedule This Week-end
By Bruce Witwer
It must be that old spring fever permeating the athletic atmosphere or maybe it’s just “Blue Monday” but call it any name and the fact still remains that a large percentage of the baseball and track men would have gladly settled for some sweet hours of slumber yesterday afternoon . . . —^fc— “Dutch” Fehring put the iron hand on his charges last week whipping them into shape and several evenings seven o’clock would roU around with the baseball field still sprinkled with striving baseball men . —^fc— The Scene—the Boilermaker contingent’s hang-out at Des Moines during the Drake Relays ... a telephone gently chimes out its message and an athletic figure leaps to it in response . . . Ray Marozick^ doing his good deed for the day . . . a voice says, “Is Art Bodeau there ? This is an Associated Press sports writer speaking” . . . “No, he isn’t,” mumbled Ray, overcome by the apparent greatness of his addressee . . “Are there any other good trackmen there?” queried the omnipotent voice . . whereupon Ray dashes over and gently' recalls Torchy Knapp from the world of dreams by pulling him out of bed. —fc— Sensing a dusky gentleman in the proverbial mound of cordwood, Knapp finally deduced that “his greatness” talking on the line was none other than Forest Weber . . . closing with choice remarks, quiet again descended on the Riveter quarters .., but not before the town inhabitants were treated to sight of one of Weber’s number fifteens floating out of the window.
Sports Sfaff Schedule Exponent sports staff schedule for sophomores during the week of May 2-6 follows: Tuesday, May 2—Dolan, issue editor; Goebel, stooge. Wednesday, May 3—Doty, issue editor; Marquis stooge. Thursday, May 4—Marquis, issue e‘ditor; Richards, stooge. Friday, May 5—Mundorf, issue editor; Doty, stooge. Saturday, May 6—Goebel, issue editor, Dolan, stoge. —R. L. McDonald.
Track Men To Face mini In Final Home Encounter Saturday Returning from the Drake Relays, Coach Hermon Phillips and his cinder men turned their attention yesterday to preparation for the last home meet of the season against Illinois Saturday afternoon in RossAde Stadium. Phillips will be relying on Gutting in the hurdles, Weber in the shot put, Knapp, Holderman, and Bodeau in the distance events, and his group of quarter milers to garner a substantial score for the Gold and Black in their effort to down the mini. The squad had much less practice under their belts than most of the other teams entered in the relays at Drake, but should be in good form for Saturday’s meet. The Boilermakers should garner several points in the pole-vault as the mini is reputedly weak in that event. Intramural Musings Greek Horseshoes Fraternity men will match their skill in tossing ringers as the Greek horseshoe doubles tournament opens today at 4 p. m. on the courts north of the Fieldhouse. Each team will play two opponents today and two more Thursday. Members of both teams reaching the finals will be awarded medals, and the winning house will receive a trophy for its team’s efforts. Each house Entering will receive 26 participation points with the winners getting an extra five points and the runners-up three! /• ' Greek Track Greek athletes will have to begin limbering up soon, for the interfraternity track meet is scheduled to be held in Ross-Ade Stadium on May 16 and 17. Last year the Sigma Alpha Epsilon team carried off the majority of honors in this event, with the Phi Gamma Delta squad winning second place.
GLASSWARE — COOKING EQUIPMENT — SILVERWARE DINING ROOM FURNITURE — DISHES — UTENSILS Buy it At GILLESPIE'S 221 COLUMBIA ST. PHONE 6405
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
Entire Roster Of Spring Squads To Play Before Alumni, Ross, Ade—Honored Guests Nine different home events in five sports, plus the annual banquet of the International “P” Men’s Club on Friday night, will provide a gala athletic program for the hundreds of alumni who are expected to return here next week end for the annual Gala Week festivities at the University.
The baseball, track, golf, and the tennis squads will all make one or more home appearances during the week-end while Coach Mai Elward’a football team will wind up its long spring practice in a regulation contest in the Ross-Ade Stadium on
Saturday afternoon.
The home sports schedule in connection with Gala Week follows:
Gala Week Schedule
Thursday
Teimis—Butler (4 p. m.).
Friday
Baseball—^Indiana (4 p. m.). Tennis—Ball State (4 p. m.) Golf—Detroit. ^ Saturday Baseball—^Indiana (10 a. m.) Track—^Illinois (10 a. m.) Tennis—^Armour Tech (2 p. m.) Football — Intra-squad game at (3 p. m.) Boilermaker sports stars of former years will gather at the “P” Men’s banquet Friday evening at which David E. Ross, Lafayette, president of the Board of Trustees and George Ade, of Brook, distinguished Hosoier humorist, who were responsible for making the RossAde Stadium and Recreational Field development possible, will be two of the guests of honor. Prof. William Marshall, veteran chairman of the faculty athletic committee, who is retiring from the University at the end of the current academic year, will be the third guest of honor. Elmer Q. Oliphant, of New York City, a 1914 graduate, who was the first “four-letter” man in University history and will be back with his class for its twenty-fifth reunion, will be principal speaker.
Union Aids Cupid,
Plans Sweetheart Bowling Tourney
Taking a cue from the spring weather and Dan Cupid, the Union is sponsoring the Sweetheart’s bowling tournament which will be-
gin Wednesday, May 10.
The couples entering will bowl together and their scores will be added together to determine the winning pair. All those interested should sign up at the Union bowling
alleys before next Monday. LaBree Optimistic Over Outcome Of
Coming Net Matches
By P. C. Johnson
After several weeks of tempestuous weather, Coach Larry LaBree and his tennis proteges are finally being favored by fair weather this week, penftitting outdoor practice in preparation for four games in as many days, which comprises a major part of the Gala Week pro-
gram.
Impressed by the much improved condition of the squad. Coach LaBree was so optimistic over the outcome of the coming week’s schedule that he smilingly remarked, “We are going to win all four of them provided the men continue showing the improvements they have shown thus far.” Play Butler Thursday The tennis troupe has played four matches already this season winning half of them with decisive victories over Wabash and Iowa, and losing the two others to the strong Indiana State and Northwestern
teams.
This week they break into the mid-season schedule facing Butler, Ball State, Armour Tech, and DePauw on successive days, beginning with the match against the Bulldogs Thursday. The two early season losses were caused mainly by inadequate practice sessions, having only a single indoor coxirt. Now, with the better facilities of the outdoor courts, the Riveter netmen will swing into action imder full strength against the opposition. Blitz, Mann, Hebbeler, Fuente, Alexander, and Jackson have been the nuclei in the Boilermaker attacks of the early season games, and will carry the brunt of the attack in the Gala Week matches.
Intramural Schedule
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today 4:15 p. m. C. Murray vs. B. E. Lucht. H. Deutman vs. J. Powell D Wald vs. Robert Kuntz. H. Levin vs. R. S. Howe. R D. Hargesheimer vs. H. H. Moses. R W. Klein vs. B. T. Fleming. S. J. Murphy vs M Kurschner. S W. Herman vs. George Frye. F. J. Wood vs. R. E. Wagner. L. D. Pruitt vs. W. F. Yeagley. J. R. Day vs. Fred Richards. Jim Mann vs. Phil Miller Lewis Campbell vs J. W. Croxall. T M. Hindman vs G. T Miller
BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Ward 11 vs. Ward 8. 2— Ward 14 vs. Ward IX. 3— Ward 1 vs. Ward 7. 4— ^Ward 12A vs Ward 13. 6—Ward 10 vs. Ward 7X. 6— Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 7. 7— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 10. 9— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 3. 10—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6.
FRATERNITY HORSESHOE DOUBLE
Today
4:15 p. m.—Courts north of Fiddhouse Phi Delta Theta Delta Upsilon Beta Iheta Pi Phi Pi Phi Phi Kappa Tau
Triangle
Phi Kappa
Sigma Alpha Mu
Kappa Sigma
Delta CM
Phi Kappa Sigma
Kappa Delta
A
11- r-r-|-|
SUCCESS It’s a thtill to produce a successful garden—a bigger thrill to be a suc>cess in business.
The appearance of your place of business goes a long way towards its success. USE PLENTY OF CLEAN UNEN Let Us Supply It—- “On a Rental Basis” Phone 2000 for Service
I
1
V. I I
4 ¥3[/xaL(M&,
THE PDBDtIE EXPONENT
^ntiroA.
Tuesday, May 2,1939
life ■
^ann Head Will Speak To Ceres Club
Floyd J. Hemmer, superintendent of the 6,800 acre Indiana state penal farm at Putnamville, will be the main speaker at an open meeting sponsored by Ceres, agricultural honorary, tonight at 7:30 p. m. *n Agricultural Hall.
Hemmer, Ag ’22, is a former state senator, and is well known for his talks on agricultural subjects. He will speak on the problems encountered in the management of Indiana’s largest farm, and will also discuss a number of his experiences dealing with penal laborers.
G. A. Young To Address ASME On 'Leadership'
At a meeting tonight in the faculty loung of the Memorial Union Building, sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Professor G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, will speak on the subject of “Responsibilities of Leadership.”
Another feature of the meeting will be the election of officers for next year. This meeting, will be open to the public, officials announced last night.
Former Band Member Gets Distindion In Rochester
Bernard Pressler, former Purdue student and one time occupant of the first chair in the first trombone section of the Purdue Military Band, recently distinguished himself at the Eastman Schol of Music in Rochester, New York by playing the difficult trombone solo, “Piece Concertante,” by Samuel Rosseau.
Classified Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
LOST AND POUND
FOR SALE
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED., MAY 3rd MAKE-UP LESSON 7:00 P. M. P. M. Allen, instructor Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150
ALIiEN’S 6th & Ferry
ihe M.&W
rOWERJ SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
•U AtAIN ST.
PHONI 2777
Notices
day, May 2, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —SWAN.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, May 2, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. Ask at the desk for room number. Election of officers will be held. —HOLMES.
Building. Tickets for the All-Engineering Banquet will be distributed. 'Plans for the spring picnic will be discussed. Pull attendance is urged. • —HARVEY.
of fraternity presidents will be held Wednesday, May 8, at 7:16 p. m. in the Union. Both' incoming and outgoing officers must be present. Full, attendance Is necessary. —J5EAN.
longer here, should come to »om 211, University Hall, on Monday afternoon, lUby 8, at 6 o’clock. —WYKbPP.
Life Saving: Classes will be delayed one week because of pool repairs. The first class will be Monday, May 8, since the pool is not available on the regular day, Tuesday, May 9. (5-3) —RISSER.
AIME Meeting: Wednesday, May 8, at 8 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —LOWN.
Pi Tan Sigma: Seniors may obtain plaques and magazines from Riise at Aibcia house. —HARVEY.
WSGA BoardJunior executive, board members please be in women’s lounge in
the Union' at 6:46 Tuesday, May 2, to usher for marital lecture.
—SEXTON.
WAA Baseball: Tuesday, May 2, at 4 p. m.: Alpha XI vs. War^ 1 and 8; PI Phi vs. Residence Hall. —COOK.
Gala Week Committee:' Meeting in room C of the Union at 4 :15 p. m. on Tuesday, May 2. —BAASE.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7:46 p. m. Wednesday, May 3, in the WSGA office. —SICKMAN.
ROTC Members—Corps Day formations for May 2n'd and 4th are canceled. The Corps will be reviewed at 4 p, m., Friday, May 6th as a part of Gala Week exercises. —MORSE.
Radio Club: Meeting .Tuesday, May 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Election of officers will take place at this time. —BROWN.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Tuesday, May 2, in the Union ballroom at 7 p. m. Attendance compulsory. —ZIMMER.
Union Sophomores: Please report to the Junior office at 4 p. m. ori Tuesday, May 2. —HRUBY.
“P” Men: Important meeting in room 105 in the Fieldhouse Wednesday, May 3, at 7 :16 p. m. Final plans for the banquet will be discussed. All lettermen are urgecb to attend. —JOHNSTON.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, May 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the 'Union. —MACK.
WAA Baseball: Alpha Xi vs. Wards 1 and 3 and Pi Phi vs. WRH at 4 p. m. on women's diamond Tuesday, May 2. —COOK.
ASME Members: Election meeting Tuesday, May 2, in the faculty lounge at 7:30 p. m. All members are urged to attend. G. A. 'Young will give a short talk. —CLUTTER.
Camera Club: Second meeting of the Debris course of instruction will be Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 in the Chestnut Room of the Union. Discussion of papers and types of printing. —HEDDEN.
Scrivener Subscribers: Following subscribers get their current copies at the office any afternoon before May 6: Buck, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Schafer, Gerstung: —PAARLBERG.
English I, Spelling Class and Exum: A spelling class will m^ Monday through Friday, May 1-6, at 6 o’clock, in room 1(H, Education Building. Your instructor will give a :jiake-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester students, 'wiHi C’s for spelling, whose instructors are no
YWCA Officers: Installation of officera postponed until Tuesday, May 2. —KUNE.
ASME: Indianapolis motor simedway qualification pit passes will not be fasned until the 2nd or 8rd week in' Masr. Watch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) —ERR.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting Tuesday, May 2, at 4 p. m. in the Pi Tau Sigma room in the Mechanical Engineering
Alpha Lambda Delta: See notice on bulletin board in WSGA office or in Miss Coolidge’s office. (6-2) —LE BOEUF.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular meeting
Student Senate: Meeting in conference room of Union Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 p. m. Please be prompt. —ELLIOTT.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased; rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as 829.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
E. ROVER—CONTRACTOR for carpenter, cement and brick work. Excavating. Phone 4737.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
Mortar Board: Important meeting Wednesday, May 3, in the WSGA office at 6 p. m. —WOOD.
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting Tuesday, May 2, at 7 p. m. in the Union lounge. —CHEVEDDEN.
Catalyst: Initiation Wednesday, May 3, at 6 p. m. in the Alpha Tau Omega house. Please be prompt. —CRAIG.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Meeting in' room 308 of University Hall Tuesday and Wednesday, Ma^ 2 and 3, at 4 p. m. Bring fountain pens. —HINER.
Scrivener Members: Meeting Tuesday, May 2, at 6 p. m. in Scrivener office. Short and important. Pledges will be chosen. —JUSTIN.
Sophomore and Junior Co-eds : Interviews for freshmen and transfer counselorships will be today and tomorrow,,' May 2 and 3, in the WSGA office between 4 arid 6 ■,39
p. m.
—BARMES, SAURER.
Home Economics Banquet: Ticket sellers please bring tickets and money to WSGA office Wednesday, May 3, at 4 p. m. —BERRY.
WAA Archery: Tuesday, May 2.
Tournament will start —MOREHOUSE.
Gold Pepper: Actives and pledges meet Wedneseday, May 3, at 4:30 p. ra. in the WSGA office. i —COOLEY.
Camera Club.: Meeting Tuesday, May 2, in Old Chestnut Room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. —HEDDEN.
Debris Sophomores: Meeting in Debris office at 4 p: m. Tuesday, May 2, regarding picnic plans. All sophomores please be present. —BROWN.
Debris Sophomores: Sign up for the banquet by Tuesday afternoon. May 2. Petitions must be in' by Friday, May 6, and interviews will be held the following week. —WINTER.
Gimlet: Very important meeting Tues-
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices.
CROWN LAUNDRY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstorcf
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything tor * College Educetion H. G. REiSNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V^ Vine West Lefayetfie Phone 4965
• Locksmith
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process Wes^ Side Blue Print Shop 125 West stadium Ave.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dMk locks, night UrtoiM and pulGCiu. Auto keys a spMialty. BIcyciM, ec■tessories and rapairtng. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana 282i
• Jewelers
• Printing
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
[PRINTING Miy Olllct Siailonery . o G H liTaddlns Invitallons ■ Belts Books, Etc.... PHGNB _ . _ 36M CASSEL S 408IFERRy
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In tfw VARISITY BOOT SHOP
WATCHES cleaned, $1.00. Main springs, $1.00. Crystal, 25c and 36c. Alarm clocks cleaned $5.00. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Main.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
LOST—Rimless glasses in black case. Reward. Call 8407. J. E. Stall.
FOR SALE—Argus camera and enlarger. Priced for quick sale. Phone 36764.
FOR SALE—Six tube superheterodyne radio. 6 inch speaker. Will meet reasonable offer. Yates, 8421.
^11 I I EC outstanding for his combination of Oi'w' olLiL LEE^ burning speed, control and games won.
and CHESTERFIELD, outstanding for its can’t-be-copied combination of the world’s best tobaccos.
Chesterfiel(|s’ can’t-be-copied blend makes them outstanding for refreshing mildness... for better taste... for more pleasing aroma ... outstanding for real smoking enjoyment. When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure... why THEY SATISFY
The RIGHT COMBINATION of the world*s best cigarette tobaccos They’re Milder ... They Taste Better
Copyright 1939, ■ Liggett & Myees Tobacco Co.
BIG BILL LEE Pitching Star of the Chicago Cubs. An outstanding pitcher In the National league.