IT
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
TUESDAY
March 28, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 149
Dr. Albion King To Discuss
Liquor Problems Tonight
1000 Hear Choir Present Crucifixion' At Convocation
Dr. Albion R. King, Professor of philosophy and Dean of Men at Cornell College, Mount Vernon, la., will speak on the liquor problem at a meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall this evening at 8 o’clock. Considered one of the outstanding authorities on the subject. Dr. King’s treatment of the subject is based largely on material from technical journals. Dr. King was voted the most pqpular convocation speaker by students of Miami University. In addition to his appearance this evening Dr. King will hold an open jforum at Wesley Foundation at 4 this afternoon. Following his talk here Dr. King will travel to Oxford, O., for a return engagement at Minnii University.
Two Professors Win
Fellowship Awards
Penalty Dates
Ed Wears Tux To Classes In Dress Contest
College Residence Hall Managers Will Meet Here April 3,4
At least one man on the campus has taken the better-dress-for-eds contest seriously. That would seem the most logical reason why Louis Freyman, ME ’40, is sporting a tux around the* campus these days. When first questioned Freyman refused to divulge any information concerning his odd choice of apparel. Later however, he stated that being the best dressed man on the campus was only a minor motive for his conduct.
Eledions Tomorrow ^
To Pick Officers For
Of Cantata Tonight In Eliza Fowler Hall
— student of problems dealing with liquor, who will speak on “The Psychology of Drunkenness” tonight at 8 p. m. in Stanley Coulter HalL
Approximately 1,000 students, faculty members and towns-
k lift I If Ilf last night heard the University choir and orchestra, W JuA WAA YW direction of A. P. Stewart, director of choral organ- ^ f izations, give the famed cantata, “Crucifixion, Meditation on
the Sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer,” composed by Sir
John Stainer.
The cantata will be presented again tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall beginning promptly at 7:30 and closing at 8:45. This is one of the best loved of the Easter Cantatas, and for that reason was chosen to be presented in observance of the Lenten season and Easter, said Director A. P. Stewart. Contacted after last night’s per-
Representatives from all of the Big Ten universities, Miami University, Michigan State, DePauw, Lawrence and Carleton College, and several others will meet on the campus April 3 and 4 for a conference on problems relating to the housing of men students. ' Believed to be the first of its kind for residence hall officials in the Middle West, the conference will cover administration, social programs, food service, student government, counselors, study conditions, building plans, low cost cooperative dormitories, and allied subjects. Those attending the conference ' will have an opportunity to see in practice those things which they are studying as all of them, except for a few women delegates, will bh housed and fed in Cary Halls. G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls is in, charge of the conference.
Louis stated that he intended to retain his present mode of dress for the next four days unless he can obtain a morning suit which, he stated, would be more appropriate. While Louis has' carried the well dressed ed idea to the extreme, there has been a definite decline in the number of dowdy eds on the campus. R. H. Crowder and Bernard Schmidt of the English department. Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the Student Health Service, and a representative of the merchants will be judges of the contest. The contest will close Thursday night. A $12 Cravonette all-weath-er campus coat will be awarded the best dressed ed. The other prizes include a McGreggor sweater, an Aetna hat styled to the winner’s own chosoing, a Manhattan shirt and tie, and an Arrow shirt and tie.
PI A Plans Tea Dance
For Thursday At 4
WSGA, WAA, and YWCA
elections will be held tomorrow from 8 a. m. until 5 p. m. in the Union lobby. Co-eds voting should bring their pass-
ports for identification. Candidates for the YWCA posi-
tions are Catherine Cooley and Martha Moorhead for president; Thelma Buger and Ruth Wattleworth for secretary; and Ruth Bryant and Edna Schwab for treasurer.
As a welcome to the forthcoming Spring Vacation, PIA will hold its fourth tea dance of the semester Thursday afternoon from 4 to 5:30 in the Union ballroom.
Since the dance will be an “afterclasses” affair, it is planned to do away with the past restrictions on the stag line and adopt the scheme used so successfully at the Union tea dances. Stags will be unlimited but cutting-in will be allowed between numbers only.
WSGA candidates are Treva Berry, Ruth Hall, and Ann Sickman for president; Peggy Terstegge and Paula Zwierlein for secretary; Jane Black and Mary Jane Carr for treasurer; Joyce Burnham and Ruth Swift for junior representative; and Jane Bourne and Agnes McCulloch for sophomore representative.
Dr. Steer Discusses Speech Defects At Institute Saturday
Admission will be by membership cards, and 10 cents for non-mem-bers with co-eds free.
WAA candidates are Bai'bara Roderick and Georgia Walker for president; Mary Ann Reimann and Mary Louise Riley for vice-presi-dent; Jane Stickler and Louise Thomas for secretary.; and Jane Fishleigh and Bette Smith for the treasurer position.
“Six per cent, or more than 20,000 pupils in the Indiana public schools have speech defects, some very serious, which retard them in school,” declared Dr. M. D. Steer, head of the University speech clinic, before 300 principals, superintendents, and teachers of Newton, Jasper, Miami, Wabash, and Tippecanoe counties, at a special institute here Saturday.
■formance. Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the religious convocation committee sai^, “I am well pleased with the turnout, but would like to stress the fact that the program is open to the general public, as well as the students, so everyone is invited to attend.” Program opened last night with an organ prelude played by George Osborn, senior pharmacy student, and was continued by the choir the choir of 200 voices and orchestra of 35 pieces. The stage in Eliza Fowler Hall was surrounded by palms and high above was hung a large lighted cross.
Playsliop To Choose Kullman Will Appear For
Journey s End Cast Tomorrow Nighf
Steer stated that these defects are often caused by measles and other such diseases which injure the vocal mechanism, and if serious may result in retarding the student from two to four grades. He lamented the fact that at present only one percent of Indiana public schools have speech correction facilities.
Solo parts were sung by Marvin Smith and Paul Worcester, tenors; Wallace Woodward, Charles Powell, and Donald Pyke, baritones; and Van W. Coddington and Robert Elk, basses.
Today In Fowler Hall
Dr. Hubert M. James, professor of physics, and Dr. Herbert J. Muller, professor of English, both of the University, were among the 69 recently named to share $150,000 in fellowship prizes from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation in New York City. James plans to use his fellowship fo study the application of wave mechanics to computation of intensities, in band spectra in the solution of physical and astronomical problems; while Dr. Muller will write a “primer for contemporary critics,” using the heritage of literary criticism and the resources of modern knowledge of the natural and social sciences.
Tryouts for the final Playshop production, “Johrney’s End,” will be held today at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. All positions in the all male cast of soldiers are to be filled tonight. Anyone jvith a 3.5 scholastic index is eligible to try out for the parts. The play will be directed by John E. Dietrich and Jack W. Miller, new technical assistant of Playshop will be in charge of staging the show. It was also announced last night that any Playshop member who will be an upperclassman next year and has a 3.5 average is eligible for Playshop Board positions. Petitions for the following positions must be filed at the Playshop office by 5 p.m. tomorrow: business manager, advertising manager, house manager, laboratory group manager, and the stage manager.
Charles Kullman, leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, will appear in two convocation recitals tomorrow and Thursday evenings at 8 p. m. in Memorial Cym. From here he will go to New York as soloist with the Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra.
Born in New Haven Connecticut •in 1903, Kullman originally intended to become a surgeon. With this career in mind he entered Yale University and took a degree. Bachelor of Science. However, his performances while there as a soloist with the Yale Glee Club, and in intercollegiate contests, had already brought him to the attenion of musical experts who persuaded him to abandon surgery for a musical career.
Convocation: Charles Kullman, tenor. Memorial Gymnasium, tomorrow and Thursday, 8 p. m. Tomorrow: Seniors, freshmen, and staff members with green tickets. Thursday: Juniors, sophomores, staff members with blue tickets, and townspeople.
Accept Realities Dean Thomas E. Benner, University of Illinois College of Education, told the group that, “The duty of the teacher is to train youth to a greater reasonableness, instead of accomplishing any great reform, as some expect them to do;” and Prof. Frank Hall, of the history department, urged the teachers to accept realities of today instead of living in a world of hopeful Wishing.
Indiana Psychologist Addresses Physical Education Teachers
Elliott Addresses Ag
Staff On Philippines
John Hannon To Speak On
Delta Rho Kappa To Hear Berkley At Meeting Tonight
Diesel Engines At Open
Meeting Of SAE Tonight
Kullman applied for and won a scholarship at the Juillard School in New York, then was awarded a fellowship to the American Conservatory in Fontainbleau, France.
“Mythology Plus” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Captain S. A. Beckley of the military department at a meeting of Delta Rho Kappa tonight at 7:30 in the old chestnut room of the Memorial Union. Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, requires a 5.00 scholastic average for four semesters. Martin Estey announced that keys have arrived for those members of Delta Rho Kappa who ordered them and will be distributed at tonight’s meeting.
Society of Automotive Engineers will hold an open meeting tonight in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 7:15. John M. Hannon, representative for the International Harvester company, will present a 40 minute sound film on Diesel engines. All those interested are invited to attend this meeting. The membership fee is now two dollars and will hold until October, 1939 at which time it must be renewed. Students wishing to join must sign up immediately in Px’ofessor Young’s office. On May 26, student SAE members will travel to Indianapolis for a Speedway inspection trip.
Since that time his progress has been a series of triumphs throughout Europe and this country. The winter season just passed marked his third year with the Metropolitan Opera. He also appeared with the San Francisco and Chicago Civic Opera Companies.
50 Triangle Aumni Meet To Plan For Convention
Glimpses qf Philippine agriculture were given members of the University agricultural staff yesterday, when President Elliott spoke at the monthly luncheon of this group in the Union Building. He described his visit to the College of Agriculture, and declared that the greatest need of the island empire was the building of a vigorous agriculture. In addition Dr. Elliott recited the story of one of his conferences with President Manuel Quezon of the Commonwealth, in which Quezon highly emphasized that the chief needs of the island were nutrition, sanitation, and intelligent legislation for the betterment of agriculture and legislation.
Speaking on the problem of poor reading qualities of students. Dr. Joseph Tiffin, of the education department, emphasized that with the various' modern machines 90 per cent of all poor readers can be diagnosed and treated. Dr. F. B. Knight head of the education and applied psychology depai'tment, answered the question, “How Old is a Good Teacher?” at a noon banquet of the teachers in the Union.
“There is an opportunity in a physical education program for social adjustment,” Dr. E. S. Conklin, head of the department of psychology, Indiana University, told the opening session of the annual meeting of the Midwest Association of College Teachers of Physical Education for Women now in sessiomoin the campus. Registration at the opening meeting totaled 50 teachers from 25 universities.
Student Members To Speak At ASME Dinner Tomorrow
Dr. Conklin went on to say that the college girl is in the advanced adolescent stage, and a good physical education in an informal manner will serve to orient her. Address of welcome at this opening meeting was given by Dr. E. C. Elliott, University president.
Following a dinner meeting of the Indiana section of the ASME in the Union ballroom tomorrow night at 6 o’clock, three student members will give 15 minute speeches, the winner to represent the University in Chicago on April 17.
O’Shea To Talk Yesterday afternoon’s meeting was devoted to committee workshops on teacher training, college hygiene, studies and research, and athletic policies. Following the discussions the visitors were taken on a tour of the campus and to view the modern athletic plant of the University.
J. K. Bryan will discuss “Smoke Prevention;” D. C. Harvey, “The Cone Worm Gear;” and W. R. Rhodehamel, “100 Octane Gasoline.”
Conflict...
Friday afternoon, March 31; Saturday morning, April 1; and all day Monday, April 10; will be penalty dates, according to a release from Dean Fisher’s office last night. Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during either of these 24 hour periods, will be obligated to pay a fee of five dollars.
Radio Club...
A group of 50 Triangle alumni, including representatives from Indianapolis, Chicago and Urbana, 111. held a dinner meeting at Lincoln Lodge Saturday nighjt, at which plans for handling the national convention to be held on the campus September 6 to 9 were discussed.
... in choosing subjects has resulted in the postponement of the Senior Hanley Speech contest, that was originally scheduled for tomorrow night. The finals will not be held until after spring vacation according to R. M. Horn of the speech department.
Reservation for the dinner may be made through Miss Osterling at G. A. Young’s office in the Mechanical Engineering Building or by calling 2125. Members not attending the dinner are welcome to attend the meeting afterwards according to the committee in charge.
Today’s meeting will continue with a talk, “The College Seiwice Program Viewed by a Clinical Psychologist,” by Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea of the University division of educaation and applied psychology.
i Mu.
Triangle...
. . . sorority announces the initiation of the following co-eds: Jean Ann McCIintock, Lafayette; Janet Avery, Forest; Patricia Foesch, Indianapolis; and Betty Trexler, Lafayette.
. . . will hold an open meeting jn^ room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Buildipg at 7:30 this evening. Alfred Weed and William Wilkinson will discuss their experiences as ship’s radio operators.
Since this is the 30th anniversary of the founding of the Purdue chap-
NYA Checks...
ter, an effort will be made to have
all o^ the charter menibers here for the Convention. Triangle fraternity originated at the University of Illinois in 1907.
. ..' for the month ending March 15, arrived yesterday. Workers may obtain them at Cashier W. W. Hollensbe’s office in the Executive Building.
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: H. G. Kolk, president; R. A. Specker, vice-president; C. B. Patrick, treas- , urer; J. D. Fisher, recordirtg sec- ® retary; J. W. Wise, corresponding secretary; R. Obenchain, house manager; M. L. Meier, rush chairman; and J. T. Braithwaite, steward.
Exponent Board
There will be a meeting tonight at 4:15 of the faculty members of the Exponent Board and all elected officers of the Exponent staff la tho conference room of the Agricottural Experiment Station.
'“5
J
J
'J^pPPPPPliPiPiP
liflfPfW
I
£dijbydaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^taiuMiL
Tuesday, March 2^ 1939 i
1,200 Co-eds...
. . will have an opportunity tomorrow to elect officei-s in WSGA, YWCA, and WAA, the three women’s organizations That these elections are the only major popular vote elections on the campus, makes co-ed voting a rai’e privilege on our campus If selection of these officers is to continue to be made at open elections, the vote of every woman student should be polled at the WSGA poll, and the vote of all members eligible should be tabulated in the YW and WAA elections One absentee ballot that we know of has already been applied for. This girl in the hospital has more interest—we’re afraid— than many co-eds who will be walking on our campus, even through the Union, on Wednesday At the WSGA mass meeting yesterday both Dean Stratton and Dr Gilbreth made pertinent remaiks on the privilege of democratic voting In her talk Dr Gilbreth said, with no reference to our elections, that she once asked several girls majonng in political science, “Have you ever voted?” to which they replied “Never ” “It was distressing,” said Mrs Gilbieth “to find these «irls well trained in this field oblivious to their duty ” Dean Stratton asked to point out, after introduction of the candidates, that tomorrow’s elections aie the only popular vote elections on the campus and that each voter should conscientiously consider her vote No co-ed can say that she does not know which girl IS which among the WSGA candidates, for their pictures are to be posted at various points on the campus. Yesterday at the mass meeting Mary Alice Learning introduced all WSGA candidates, and Betty Klein introduced those of YWCA, a 100 per cent vote is expected from those 200 girls who attended this meeting They know the girls and have been told their various activities, accomplishments, and qualifications Tonight the Women’s Residence Halls will be host to the candidates at dinner, so that residents may have an opportunity to see and personally meet the girls. Any girl who has earned 25 points in WAA has evaluated the merits of Barbara Roderick and Georgia Walker and knows which is her choice for the presidency as well as the other WAA offices She should vote. YWCA girls all know Catherine Cooley and Martha Moorhead and which
the Purdue Exponent Entered as aecond clam matter at the post office In Lafaj^ette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congrrem of March 8. 1879, and at the apeclal rate of poatase proTided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised Jannary 20, 1922 Pablished daily except Monday daring the regular academie year and wedcly daring the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription 88 60.
Editor-In-Chief _ Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor — - L. S. Hardin City Mitor — ~ _ DA. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, B. K Insley, W A. Kroeplin, D G. Terrio, J C Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R Ahlf, R Beer R DeHoog, R Donahue P G^nzar D Heiple R Howard, C Leber, R Massey, J McKee, C McKeighan, M Miers, M Patterson, R Taylor, K Thompson, J Willsey, A Yates BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager Eh M. Antonin! Circulation Manager^ - W F Berg Sales Manager.. _ _ V Daugher^ National Advertising Manager H W Nevin Accounts Manager _ _ W E Smith Art Director - _D J Henninger CO-ED STAFF
Editor _ _ Associate Elditors
Editor^ Associate Editors-
_ „ Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald „ „ _ „ J A Hebbeler, R Jenkins, R. J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Elxponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 5038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind
Phone 2792
^J4ini and
By G«organn Sehillfatg
Hi Yo, Silvei' Only a matter of fom more days now until we shuffle off to Buffalo and points west for a gloiious week of vacation It is about time They’ve given us all the cagey convos, winter formats, super dance bands, and swell movies we can possibly get aiound to and still stay legisteied as a student Consequently spring vacation will have to be ‘old study week’ or else' Well, it sounds good, anyhow —H-H— Ml Socialite should have a faiily easy time getting ai ound this weekend, for the only gala affair on the calendar is the Gold Peppers Dance on Friday night Co-eds again have the opportunity to ask their favorite “man of the hour” to serve as escort for the evening Concerning the attire for the dance, we have heaid rumors for and against the short dress idea Girls do not like to weai foimals when the men accompanying them are dressed in business smts Yet, a number of the lassies are romantic enough to think that it takes a long dress to make a dance seem like a special affair, not just another mix er. It seems though that the majority of the gals desiied to come gaibed in street frocks, and so it IS to be a shoit dress dance —H-H— “Deep Puiple” is still holding its own on local music boxes, fraternity recording machines, and as a whistling tune The song has been around for about 10 weeks now (do you measure time by songs, too’) For popular music that 10 week mark is some lecoid —H H— Emblems, symbols and signs of all kinds arc appealing aiound heie as the honoraries begin their yeai ly job of choo<'ing pledges Fast it was Scabbaid and Blade group Now it’s Reameis with their laige wooden “R's” the Gimlets with their black pledge caps, and the big led bows of Chi Epsilon Time tiucks
Dr. Hass Will Talk On Engineering Tonight Di Harold B Hass, head of the department of chemistry, will give the thud in a sei-ies of lectures on the history of engineering in the re-
ception room of the Union at 7 30 this evening His topic will be “Evolution of Organic Chemistry ” The meeting is being sponsored by the Purdue Engineer and the Stud e n t Engineer s’ Coun
cil
Though the Council is made up of all local engineering societies and honoraries, the meeting will be an open one
WBAA
THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—Today— 11 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—Social Security. 11 35—The Home Makers, “Storage of Winter Clothing ” 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Time Service 12 00—Meet Your Voice 12 15—The Music Box. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 45—Songs and Melodies
Dr H. B Hass
1 00-
the
-The Monitor Views
News
15—Electrical Shops 30—Scientific News Review 45—Market Reports 00—American Legion Auxiliary 15—Afternoon Music 30—You and Your Child 45—Treasure Chest. 1 00—Tune Topics. i 15—Darlene Mahns, soprano 3 30—Youi Radio Correspondent 3 45—Marfha Whitehead, soprano 4 00—Purdue Debris 4 15—Quips and Queues 4 30—Paul Mitchell, baritone 4 45—Stoiy Book Hour
Cornell University has just acquired a collection of 6,000 bird specimens fiom all pards of the world
girl will make the best president to lead next year’s group. All voters will bring their passports to the polls tomorrow between 8 and 5 in the Union foyer Said passports will be checked as the ballot is given to the voter At the WSGA mass meeting yesterday and in the Women’s Gym at the WAA meeting, the candidates as nominated were accepted without change, which fact should mean that the women students are well satisfied with the candidates as suggested by the nominating groups. Why don’t co-eds vote Don’t you want to cast a vote for a girl you think deserves the vote ? If you don’t vote, that vote will never be cast. You alone can vote as you think best. We should expect that there be polled 1,000 votes by tomorrow evening—at least. For that result your vote is needed —S McK.
By Betty Wickard Show “Love Affair ” Where New Main theater When March 27-30 Charles Boyer wins our vote, hands down, for the title of “most romantic leading man in pictures ” Fust there was “Mayerling,” then “Algiers” now “Love Affair ” There IS no involved plot, not much action, not more than six principal characters—in fact, the movie is just what it is titled, a love affair Charming, woildwise Irene Dunne is the perfect foil for the suave Boyer She also displays her vocal talent in two pew song numbers The pail meet by chance on a lin er sailing to South America via the southern route An enchanted afternoon on the romantic island of Madiera completes the bond between Terry and Michele who are both engaged to many other charming people Misunderstanding and a long separation beset the “thorny path of true love” before the traditional happy ending Some moviegoers may consider the picture too long or may crave action, but fans of Boyer and Dunne will enjoy the fine performances of their favorites Ag Society To Be Renewed At Smoker Tonight In Union Due to increased enrollment and intei est, the Agricultural Education Society will be reorganized tonight at a smoker to he held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7 30 Purpose of the smoker will be to elect officers, find out who is interested, and revise the constitution Eai 1 Bi ewer, chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements, said last night, “If the society is to be a success and function properly we must have a giood turnout for this meeting ”
TODAY-WEONESDAY ^ ROMANCE. . . ^ THRILLS...^SPECTACLE never a show like this ^'Greai Ziegfeld” of the icel
itiiir
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicMy
Leap year’s a rushrn at least DORIE MARTIN thinks so . we wonder how PAUL BERGMAN likes her going around with Panther eyes ” ’
We see “Flatspin” KIMBALL, “Downwind” LITTLEFIELD, “Ace” MEISING, “Tailspin” HABICKT, “Wingover” CHEVEDDEN, and “Washout” HAMER have arrived hom^ safely if not soundly from their trip to Washington for the National Intercollegiate flying ratlace It IS rumored that the boys had a big paity Monday mght . that’s all that they can remember
What attraction does Plainfield have for FOREST WEBER and DICK SHIVELY” Watch out, boys while the boys are away, the gills will PLAY'
You don’t need signs To prove it’s spring It’s proven by one little thing It’s in the air— What makes it plain Loose pins are being hung again This poem dedicated to BILL HULSE who planked his pm on a certain MARGE BALDWIN.
Purdue’s one and only Ferdinand the Bull, namely the yellow and red Model T Ford that dashes around the campus, was driven to Indianap oils Saturday evening by its owner, JOE’ ’ ’ ’ Here’s the interest ing part of the story Eleven o’clock in the evening eleven students in and on Ferdinand The boys were going west on Washington street singing Hail Purdue at the top of their lungs
SCENE 2 Same time, same place Ferdinand parked at the side of the street boys talking (mostly listening) to a strong arm of the law Flatfoot giving counts against the boys, namely 1 Reckless driving 2 Exceeding legal speed limit 3 No tail light 4 No brakes 5 Faulty head lights 6 Disturbing the peace 7 Too many people in the car 8 People riding on the running board
SCENE 3 Ferdinand’s driver, quote “Honest, officer, we’re Purdue students and we’re trying to get through school on a shoe string We all saved up 35 cents and pooled it to come down to Indianapolis This is the first fun we’ve had since school
“I tell you, you can’t use a vacuum on this rug—it’s too luxurious!”
started and we couldn’t afford to pay a fine We would just have to work it out in jail ” Scene 4 Ferdinand being slowly driven back to Lafayette. P S The cop swallowed the story hook line and sinker'
Seen on a telephone pole m back of the Chi O house- “There ought to be at least one good looking coed in the house .. . the law of averages says so ” Note found in a compact returned by TONY JACKLIN to a high school gal' Dear Juamta: I like j^ou an awful lot hope you|“ feel the same about me TONY
Phi Delta Theta... social fraternity announces the election of the following officers, D Butterfield, president, J L Kirsch, vice-president, F A Mayfield, steward, R S Colquhoun, reporter, D. McDaniel, secretary, Jim Walley, assistant secretary, CiV G Tafel, warden, John Walley, assistant warden, D H Jackson, historian, C L Van Zant, alumni secretary, A C Perrin, chaplain, K L Mulholland, assistant chaplain, G W Trefts, chorister, and H M Bramberry, assistant chorister
tlAlli
NOW SHOWING
A lady of leisure and a man of the worldswept off their feet by a great love'
C Y T 0 A News Shots Of C ^ r iC n Swimming
Meet
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY GEORGE RAFT DOROTHY LAMOUR — IN — "SPAWN OF THE NORTH" — and — BOB STEELE — IN — "DOOMED AT SUNDOWN" ALSO "Spider's Web," Serial
LU^ TODAY-WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
HE SPEAKS FRENCH WITH THE ACCENT DNi
THE iCREBNSi 'AU6HHAPPY HITJ
CIRLS! GIRLS!
Knias / trade i
US"
iImfr f
PJI1TI.ETTB
ior ioot
light fame!.
OmiABI
Dramatic
5CHOOL
"SSno lir li~l * I «-ANAT wont''*' 1 ANTHON
-I-.-...-., g.,.,
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c'H
’ rf"* "1 ' ' Jv - .
W iV
\ f*
# 'll
Tuesday^ March 28# 1939
THE PURDUE
^hfihl-A ■
EXPONENT
Gridiron Men Prepare For Intra-Squad Baseball^ Track Squads Work Outdoors Game In Ross-Ade Stadium Next Saturday contingent Ihinlies open Season Versus Michigan Diamond Team Concentrates On Batting,
In preparation for the intra-squad game to be played before the annual University Football Clinic at Ross-Ade Stadium next Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock, Coach Mai Elward sent his pigskin charges through an intensive scrimmage drill yesterday afternoon in order to iron out any defects which may show up in the contingent’s fundamentals during the week-end.
Playing without the services of
>
Leon DeWitte and Jack Brown, the Boilermaker stars suffering slight hand and shoulder wounds, respectively, the team looks good with only several weeks of spring practice, according to Cecil Isbell, Boilermaker football assistant. “The entire backfields work as well as any previous team but will have to show plenty of speed and headwork to beat the teams on our tough schedule next fall,” Isbell continued. “We have one of the greatest teams in recent years and are expecting a lot from the entire
squad.”
The main cogs in the backfield of the Riveter machine are Hennis, Brock, Brown, and Petty, and the reserves are plentiful, according to the former Boilermaker backfield ace, Isbell. “Petty will make an able substitute for Tony Ippolito this fall and with a year behind him, he should become outstanding in the Big Ten Conference,” he commented. “John Galvin and Earl Dose, of the freshmen are getting into good shape and look like two good men to fill in positions next fall,” Isbell continued.
'Baseball Week'Will Feature Two Movies; Fonseca To Appear As an added feature of “baseball week,” which will be climaxed by an exhibition game with the Pittsburgh Pirates Saturday afternoon, April 15, arrangements have been completed for the showing of two special reels of baseball motion pictures on Friday, April 14, it was announced yesterday by William “Dutch” Fehring, head baseball coach. The baseball pictures, “Batter Up” and “Baseball,” were released by the American and National circuits. Arrangements for the local showing were made through Quentin K. Hartke, state director of recreation of the Works Progress Administration. A second feature of “baseball week” will be the appearance on the campus on Wednesday, April 12, of Lew Fonseca, representing the American League, who will give a demonstration of baseball fundamentals in the afternoon and show the latest American baseball movies in the evening. \
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
« IP
TWEEDS for the COLLEGE MAN
An unusual array of th ese popular fabrics tailored by (pmpMsJfbgs
featuring the new tuckfront and broadshouldered British Blade Models. Each suit has highwaisted slacks, pleated front and Talon fastener. $25-00 Others $18.50, $29.00
ROSENTHAL^S 322 Main Street
Seven members of the Pittsburgh Pirate baseball squad that will meet Purdue in an exhibition game on Saturday afternoon, April 15, which will serve as the dedication for the new Ross-Ade Recreational Field, are foi’mer college baseball stars.
The collegemen include Infielder Wilbur Lee Brubaker, who was a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity at the University of California at
Los Angeles, and
Third Baseman
Lee Handley, a Beta Sigma at Bradley Polytechnic Institute. The other college men on the club are Outfielders Paul and Lloyd Waner, East Central College, Ada, Oklahoma; Pitcher Mace Brown, University of Iowa; Pitcher Truet Sewell, Vanderbilt University and Catcher George Susce, St. Bona-
venture College.
Prof. Hockema Will Speak At Trade, Industrial Ed Banquet In Union Thursday Fifty students, faculty members, and guests are expected to be present at a dinner meeting of the trade and industrial education department Thursday in reception room
of the Union.
Prof. F. C. Hockema will address the group on the subject, “Personal Development,” and John Gantz, T&IE ’39, will act as toastmaster. Guests will include Miss Margaret Burnett, personnel director of Wilson Bros., South Bend; Frank Roby, engineer with the Square D manufacturing company of Milwaukee; Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the G. E. department; and J. E. Walters, University personnel director.
State At Lansing, Saturday, April 15th Fielding For Trip South During Holidays With excellent weather in the offing, two major Boilermaker sport squads, baseball and track moved outside from the Fieldhouse yesterday to the Ross-Ade recreational field diamond and Ross-Ade Stadium respectively, to continue their preparation for competition versus a sched-
ule of top opponents during the next three months.
Finishing the indoor season at the
Chicago Relays Saturday, Coach Phillips’ track squad, having moved outside last week, launched its preparations for the outdoor season that will be opened Saturday, Api’il 15, against Michigan State in Lansing, Mich. Michigan State will furnish stiff competition for the Boilermakers in their initial meet on the cinder path. Last year the Lansing squad topped the Gold and Black tracksters by a score of 87 to 44. The valuable aid of Greer, a sprinter who has been winning reguldrly against the best sprinters in the copnti’y during the indoor season, will help Michigan State considerably. Two Home Meets In the distance events the Boilermaker outlook is a little brighter as Captain Art Bodeau who won the half mile in last year’s meet, and “Torchy” Knapp who came in first in the mile run to add to the Boilermaker scoring, will make their second appearance on the Michigan track. Two home meets are also scheduled for the outdoor season, the first against Wayne University on April 22, and the second versus Illinois on May 6. The Illini are the only Big Ten opponents on the Purdue schedule for a dual meet this seaThe remainder of the outdoor schedule follows: April 28, 29—Drake Relays; May 12 — Cotton . Carnival, Memphis, Tenn.; Big Ten Meet, Ann Arbor, Mich.; May 27—Indiana State Meet South Bend; June 2—Central Intercollegiate, ^Milwaukee, Wis.; June 17—^NCAA iVIeet, Los Angeles, Cal.; June 21—l^ig Ten-Pacific Coast Meet, Berkeley, Cal.
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
psldbuiL QtwksL
By Bruce Witwer There are always times in the sport’s world when a noteworthy achievement will be overshadowed by a still more brilliant performance and the lesser of the two will be relegated to the dimness of nonrecognition . . take the Chicago Relays of last Saturday as an example. —fc— Padway of Wisconsin has been pole vaulting better and better as the season progressed ... at the Butler Relays the week before he broke the indoor record, and then at Chicago he vaulted even higher, 14 feet 2 1-2 inches . . . but that wasn’t god enough as Meadows of Southern California made him look sick by topping the bar at 14 feet 6 1-4 inches . . . ah, bitter defeat. —^fc— The prime example of just such an exasperating circumstance on Purdue’s record which is used to bring out the point is last year’s basketball game with DePaul . . . the Chicago crew made 50 points in that game but had to bow before the Boilermakers’ 60 points . . . it’s times like that which lend a sharp upturn to the suicide rate and fill the prisons with homicidal maniacs. Schilling Wins WAA Ping Pong; Receives 100 Points WAA ping pong tournament ended yesterday with Dorothy Schilling taking first place and Mary Ann Reimann finishing second. Eliminated in the quarterfinals were Catherine Himes and Ruth Randall. First and second place winners were awarded 100 and 75 points respectively. Intramural Schedule RIFLE Today 4 .15—Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha Gamma Rho.
0^ Win One of the 5 ^^1) ARKER PEN $1,000 COLLEf “ SCHOLARSHIPS [“« ^
VOLLEYBALL Today 7 .00 p. m.—Court 1— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Court 2— \ Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Court 3— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 4— Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Get FRIE ENTRY BLANK and Rules at any store seOing Parker Vacumatic Pens
One Scholarship Awarded Each Week for 5 Weeks Plus 2p Weekly Cash Awards of $25 Each 105 AWARDS, TOTAL: $7,500
CONTESTS END SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 15, 22, 29-AND MAY 6
nrowERS • SEEDSJOHH SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
FLEX
218 Waldron
lACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
After several weeks of indoor practice in the Fieldhouse, the baseball squad, having moved outdoors on the Fieldhouse diamond, is concentrating on batting and fielding practice as well as endeavoring to improve a comparative weak pitching staff for its southern trek during spring vacation. With the exception of the pitching staff, the entire contingent is m better shape this early in the season than it has ever been before, according to Boilermaker baseball mentor “Dutch” Fehring. The Boilermakers have good potentialities at the plate, as was demonstrated by the practice game last Satur-
day.
Fehring’s mam worry concerning the hurling crew centers around Arnold Bredewater, veteran right hander, who has been bothered with a sore arm in eai-ly drills. Warner right hander who won a major letter and appeared on the mound several times, will probably take his regular turn, Fehring said. The first base position is the only vacant post on the infield, the other positions are practically decided on by Fehring. Frank Danowski and Frank Smithson are waging a hot battle for this job at the present
time.
Activities Bureau Urges Return of Questionnaires Because of the ifnportance of the questionnaires that the Activities Bm-eau has distributed among the student body, the Bureau urges all those receiving them to fill them out and to return them as soon as possible. Considerable time will be required to compile the results of this survey and the Bureau wishes to complete the compilation immediately. A special box has been provided at the west desk in the Union lobby for these questionnaires. Lambda Chi Alpha.. . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: A. E. Santow, Michigan City; C. R. Watson, Indianapolis; J. C. Jarrett, Sylvania, 0.; W. F. Wagner, Warsaw; D. S. Powers, Indianapolis; W. F. Shoemaker, Lafayette; E. K. Hinshaw, Lafayette; W. 0. McWorkman, Indihnapolis; R. Stradling, Indianapolis; F. J. Meyer, Oklahoma City, Okla. University Bowling (Week Ending March 24) GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS— 1 f Won Lost Animal Husbandry 2 1 Biology 2 1 Entomology 2 1 Jt. Highway 2 1 Union 2 1 Ag. Chem. I 1 2 Ag Engr 1 2 Chem. Engr. I 1 2 Executive I 1 2 Executive III 1 2 High Individual Games Stuckye 278 Lehker 226 Horat 206 Lee 205 Weitkamp 202 High Individual Seides— Stuckey 658 BLACK LEAGUE STANDINGS— Won Lost Ag. Chem. II 3 0 General Stores 3 0 Civil Engr 2 1 Elect. Engr. 2 1 General Engr .j 2 l Chem. Engr. II l 2 Dairy i 2 Executive II l 2 Chemistry I o 8 Chemistry II o S High Scores for the Week High Individual Games— Bprague 206 DeBruler JSB Reichelderfer 186 Scott 184 High Individual Series— Scott 504olkcaL ddiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloJticeA.
Tuesday, March 28, 1939
)pLnaci
Pinks and light blues with a mauve cast will be followed in importance by white, alone or with contrasts. Black is used mainly in dinner dresses, not ni fornials. Brown, beige and grey are high style notes which fashion leaders watch. Sheers are leading the field of materials. Mai-quisettes, chiffons, and nets, sometimes stiffened or embroidered, will be seen on the dance floor. Crepes ai'e much Used in draped styles and the ever-popular lace is used as entire dresses or in combination with sheers. Prints, stripes, and plaids in crepe, bengaline, satin, or taffeta ai’e eye-catch-ers. Satin will be limited in use, although some satin lastex is noted in bodices. Charming details include flowers and fruit at the neckline, waist, or jacket, jewpled clips, trapunto embroidery, ribbon, beading, draped panels and shirring in entire bodices or boleros.
Personnel Notes
Companies and Representatives: United States Steel Corporation and subsidiaries; L. G. Andrews, Industi’ial Relations Department, Carnegie Illinois Steel Corporation, Chicago, 111.; H. G. Goehring, Industrial Relations Department, American Steel and Wire Company, Cleveland, 0.; J. W. Small, Engineering Department, American Bridge Company, Ambridge, Pa. V;‘ Visiting Purdue: Marcl^ 28-29. Interviewing: Senior engineers interested in maintenance (not in design). Those interested should read the June, 1936 issue of U. S. Steel News available in the librai-y and . Personnel Office. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school. Company. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., East Chicago, Ind. Representative: C. M. Malmgren. Products: Designers, fabricators, and erectors of steel tanks, general steel plate and water treating equipment. Employment: A training course for engineering graduates leading to sales, engineering, production operating work. Those interested sign up in the ■ main office of their school. literature available. Company: Bethlehem Steel Co., Bethlehem, Pa. Representative: A. M. Rupkey, Manager of Training. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday and Wednesday, April 25, 26. Interviewing: Senior engineers for training course. Literature is available in the main offices of the engineering schools. ' Those interested should sign up there. Company: Lyon Metal Products Incorporated, Aurora, 111. Representative: C. J. Mackie, Supervisor of Technical Apprentices. Employment: For engineering seniors and science seniors specializing in economics and business administration. Mr. Mackie plans, to visit Purdue soon and interview seniors. This company makes metal furniture, lockers and cabinets. Literature is available in the main offices of various schools. Those interested please sign up. Organization: Tennessee Valley Authority, Knoxville, Tenn. Representative: George Slover, Chief, Employment Division. Mr. Slover will consider a limited number of engineei-ing and science seniors. Literatui’e on the TVA and job opporunities in it is available in the main offices of the various scholos. Those interested after having read the literature should sign up for recommendation. Company: Republic Steel Corporation, 118th St., and Burley Avenue, Chicago, 111. Correspondent: F. A. Lauerman, Superintendent Industrial Relation. Employment: Mechanical, civil, and chemical engineers.' Mr. Lauerman requests that those seniors in the above schools interested in the steel industry write him personal letters of application. Those intending to write Mr. Lauerman should sign up on the list available in the main offices of the various schools.
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—A ride to Cairo, Illinois, or vicinity April 1st. Please call Tom Stephens, 5754.
WANTED—Ride to Massachusetts or vicinity over sprinfT vacation. Call Dave, 66273, after 6:00. HAVE RIDE to N. Y. or N. .1. LeavinK Saturday noon. Robertson, 5225.
WATCHES cleaned, $1.00. Main springs, $1.00. Crystals, 25c and 36c. Alarm clocks cleaned $5.00. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Main.
Bridge team Entries Due Thursday Noon Entries for the annual contract bridge tournament must be turned in to the west desk of the Union before Thursday noon according to an announcement by Union officials last night. Four men will compose a team and no restrictions will be made on the number of teams which any organization may enter. Any bridge player on the campus is eligible to enter. The tournament will be run off in four weekly sessions to.determine the campus champion. Julius L. Born will have charge of the tournament which will be held shortly after spring vacation.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting at 7 p. m. Thursday, March 30, in room F of the Union. A report of the National Intercollegiate Flying Club Conference, which took place in Washington, D. G., March 20 and 21, will be given. —CHEVEDDEN. NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending March 16 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. (3-30) —HOLLENSBE. Delta Hho Kappa; Keys are here. You can get them at the meeting Tuesday, March 28. —ESTEY.
Christian Science Organization: Special meeting Will be held Tuesday, March 28. at 7 p. m., in room C of the Union, because of Convocation. —MACK. Student Senate: Very important meeting in the conference room of the Executive Building Tuesday, March 28, at 7:80 p. m. Be on time. —ELLIOTT.
tion at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, March 28. —STANBACK.
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting in the Union lounge Tuesday, March 28, at 6:46
-CHEVEDDEN.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 6 p. m. in the WSGA office. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
Junior Chemicals: Organization meeting for inspection trip in room 202 of Heavilon Hall Wednesday, March 29, at 5 p. m. —LOVELL.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 7:30 p. m. in the old chestnut room of the Union. Speaker and refreshments. —HANNAS..
Penalty Days: The twenty-four hour periods from noon March 31 to noon April 1 and all day April 10 are penalty dates.' Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours immediately preceding or following an -authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
4%
Agriculturist: Board of Control and all departmental editors report to room 118, Ag Hall, at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 29. Be prompt. Very important.' —KINGSLEY.
Exponent Board Meeting: In' conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Sta-
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at I p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Ag. Education Students: Smoker at 7 :30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Tuesday, March 28, for the purpose of electing officers arid amending the constitution of the Ag. Education Society. Please be present if interested in becoming a member. —BREWER.
Camera Club: No meeting Tuesday, March 28. Spring exhibit will be the first week in May. ' . '
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Grey suede sweater, Thursday, Court 16,. Men’s Tennis Courts. Reward. Call Bruhnemer, 8421.
Notices
—HEDDEN. Pony Chorus: Meet in Fowler Hall at 4 . m. Tuesday, March 28. —GIBBS.
Phi Tau Sigma; Formal pledging at Triangle house Wednesday, March 29, at 7:30. —BENNETT.
LOST—Log-Log-Duplex slide rule bearing n:rme Ira V. French. Finder please return. Reward.
■ “P” Men: Keys ready for distribution Tuesday, March 28. (3-30) ---BODEAU. Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the EE building. Those who have not paid their dues, please bring them. —BROWN.
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting vvill be held Tuesday, March 2^ at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. . —MACK.
Alpha Zeta: Initiation ceremonies, Wednesday, March 29, at 7 p. m., Ag. Hall. Members are expected to attend. —STONAKER.
SEND EASTER CLEANING NOW! Give Your Suit “The Great Spring Pick-Up” Have It Crown Cleaned
FORMPREST SERVICE ONLY AT CROWN Co@wN Immm r I N E C L E A^N E It S OF F I N E C L 0 T H E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everythinfl for • College Eckication H.G.REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayetta Phone 4965
• jewelers
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side '■ Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
• Shoe Repair
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPENIN6 Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tfic VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latdies and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2821
service i^rinting Office Sialloneiy . . O m Wfeddins Invltaironi ® Booiti, Etc.... PHONE _ . ^ ^ ,A 2^ CASSEL'S 408 FERRY
iiliiiiiiisifcv. W—ilfc,-. iiiliiif
...as our band travels around the country I find that Chesterfield is the All-American Choice for more smoking pleasure!
' 4» f'. r
99
It’s a fact... millions from coast to coast are turning to Chesterfields for what they want in a cigarette. They find Chesterfields have a better taste and a more pleasing aroma. Chesterfields show them what real mildness means in a cigarette.
When you try them youll know why Chesterfields give men and .women everywhere more smoking pleasure—why Chesterfields SATISFY
i* I
. ill
. K; r t* I I ► I I I
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world's best cigarette tobaccos ... they 're milder find taste better
Vi f