^ This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning bW Monday By Btudenis Of Purdue Uuiversity
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY May 3, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 1S9
Dr. E. C. EllioH Awards Certificates student Dons Co-ed Skirt Of Loyalty To Alumni At Banciuet to fui/ui wager
More than four hundred alumni were present at the annual Purdue Alumni Banquet Sunday noon in the Union ballroom, as President Elliott presented eleven members of the class of ’88 with special golden certificates, emblematic of 50 years as alumni of the University. -
\hose receiving awards were; W. H. Vawter, West Lafayette; Mrs. Ross Kienly, Lafayette: L.S. Boggs, St. Petersburg, Fla.; jN. H. Olds, Washington, D. C.; R. T. Lewis, Elmira, N. J.; A. Scheible, Chicago; Ddan J. J. Wilmore, Auburn, Ala.; P. Potter, Chicago; Dr. S. Kennedy, Shelbyville; H. Land, Richmond;
and J. O’Gara, Chicago.
Alumni present at the luncheon represented eleven of the 19 living members of the class of ’88. Silver anniversary certificates were also awarded to members of the 1913 class, and special loyalty certificates were also awarded to members of the 1893, 1898, 1903, and
1908 classes.
Burr S. Swezey, oi L.afayette, president of the Purdue Alumni Association, acted as toastmaster, and introduced secretaries of the various other classes which were holding special reunions. The luncheon brought to a close the formal events for the alumni, but many remained for the Baccalaureate services and the concert by the Purdue Symphonic band. A large crowd assembled at the airport was disappointed when Mike Murphy, Kokomo stunt flyer, scheduled to put on a show at 4 p. m., failed to arrive. According to airport attaches, a slight propeller mishap left him stranded at an Ohio airport with a disabled plane.
Camera Club Opens Spring Exhibit In Union Mask Reem Sponsored by the Memorial Union, the Camera Club opened its fourth annual spring exhibit Saturday in the musip room of the Union. In the advanced amateur class, “Sun Tower” by J. C. Baker won first in the architecture division. J. C. Osborn won first in the pictorial class with “Heavilon Tower II.” The portrait prize was given to D. W. Williamson for “Hosteen Lichi.” Still life’s first went to D. Baillie with “Forgotten.” The miscellaneous prize went to J. C. Baker for his drawing' of “Liberal Arts.” Co-ed Wins The amateur pictorial was won by Ruth Swift with “Sunset in Michigan.” In the architecture division/the award was given for “Steel,” by W. Greiner. At the head of the portrait division was “Little Chum” by Marian Gustafson. The last of the activities for the current year will be a picnic held May 21 at Turkey Run State park. At this time the election of officers will take place. Chaperones for the affair have not as yet been chosen.
Scabbard, Blade Best Soldiers To
1
Receive Citations In the annual Best Soldier Contest, sponsored by Scabbard and Blade Saturday afternoon, 10 freshmen and 10 of the sophomores were selected as the best soldiers from their respective classes. The first five in each class will receive medals and citations, and the second five will receive cita-
tions only.
For the freshmen division, in the order of their finishing, the following men were judged the best; R. H. Morrison, W. B. Morgan, S. E. Werngren; L. J. Miller, R. E. Hawkin, G. T. Sollitt, W. H. Peoples, S. H. Wheeler, J. R. Blackwell, and
L. V .Teeter.
Sophomores, in the order of their finishing, are; R. L. Riley, K. C. Houston, E. Maurey, L. E. Aull, A. C. Perrin, C. J. Echterling, R. A. Specker, J. W. Cochrun, F." J. Woodsmall, and R. W. Huffman. The medals will be awarded at the annual Inspection Banquet in the Union ballroom, Thursday, May 12
at 7:30 p. m.
Exponent Holds Staff Banquet Assembling in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Sunday evening, over 120 Exponent workers attended the staff banquet,
quet.
Toastmaster Hugh Forster, the “Bold' and Black” editor, called on junior and senior staff members, faculty advisers, and members of the Lafayette Typesetting Company for short “timed” talks. The principal speaker of the evening was William Gude, Exponent editor in 1924-25. Gude is with the Penton Publishing Company, and was the originator of the name “Bold and Black” for the column. Helen Stef fee... . . . Sc. ’40, was recently appointed co-ed editor of the Purdue Independent paper replacing Sylvia Zussin, Sc., ’39. She was elected by the managing board, consisting of the editor, W. Feldman; E. W. Hackney, business manager, and the five managing editors, R. H. Elliott, D. P. Smith, D. G. Terrio, R. Jenkins, and G. J. Tafel.
Campus Mail Averages 1500 Pieces; Mail Man Enjoys Holiday Strolling
' By Georgann Schilling A mail man who wouldn’t mind taking a walk—such a persona^lity is L. M. Butz, distributor of campus correspondence. The reason for this genial gentlemen’s willingness to walk is that the major part of his work is done by use of his small tan V-8 which carries him hither and yon about the campus. The tthcleus of the mail system is a small vault-like room in the Seyvice and Stores Building. This mailroom is equipped with file boxes for each campus building, and extra boxes for the heads of schools and other popular faculty members. An average day’s mail includes about 1,520 pieces of campus correspondence, 7 bags of incoming U. S. mail, 6 bags of outgoing U. S. mail and 3 of registered letters. The present method of distribution, that includes three daily trips over the campus, was instituted in 1930. Previous to this time campus mail was entirely separate from United States mail, and each maintained its own delivery system. At
present, however, the U. S. mail is delivered to the mail room where any due postage bills are paid and charged to the respective departments. Mail Is Sorted The U. S. mail, along with the campus correspondence, is then sorted, bound into packages, and placed in the ingoing boxes located in each campus building. At the same time the out-going mail is collected at the buildings and then brought to the mailroom; it is then taken to the Post Office by the U. S. mail truck. Mr. Butz maintains a [regular schedule for collecting and delivering communications at the various ber of offices contained in the Administration Building. This mail is handled by the janitor who brings the collected correspondence as a unit to the majlroom. In this manner U. S. mail as well as campus communications, ^otices, and bulletins arrive at their intended destination with a minimum amount of confusion and delay. „
By A1 Yates Johnny McCormick was vrilling to wear a green plaid skirt to school if the Cary Hall boys would chip in with a little dough to boost his courage. They did. In fact they scraped up three dollars. Yesterday and today you’ll see him in his skirt, going about the campbs, the only Purdue male in a skirt. The joke started last Thursday night at the Cary Hall supper table. It didn’t take long for fun-hungry eds to scrape up the necessary money to fulfill the agreement. If he has worn the skirt all day today, the bet will be paid in full at tonight’s supper. Yesterday Johnny spent several hours working in the muck garden west of the Power Plant. Perhaps you can see him there today. Reamers Formally Initiate Pledges; S.Beckley Speaks Twenty new members were formally initiated into the Reamer Club last night dt 7 p. m., preceding a banquet given in the faculty lounge of the Union Building for the pledges. The speaker for the occasion was Captain S. A. Beckley of the University Military Department, who spoke on the subject “Loyalty,” one of the obligations that a Reamer pledge assumes upon initiation. In Captain Beckley’s talk he outlined the four essential steps to loyalty as fealty, homage, allegiance and true loyalty. The two obstacles standing in the way of loyalty are misfits and cynics, the speaker continued.^ The initiates were: S. Bacharach, R. J. Bushong, E. D. Carr, D. L. Cottingham, C. E. Dixon, W. Feldman, A. P. Knapp, W. H. Lahey, W. H. Lidgard, J. W. Mazur, R. A. Meier, R. W. Middleton, W. W. Morris, J. A. Ogle, V. A. Schweitzer, A. W. Sokolowski, R. H. Thatcher, E. L. Tyner, M.„L. Woodruff, and A. B. Wright. PIA To Climax Social Season With Annual Dinner, Forma! Dance Prof. J. W. Robinson, of the University history and economics department, will be the main speaker at the annual banquet of the Purdue Independent Association, which will be held in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building at 6:30 Friday night. Immediately after the dinner, outgoing president Bob Schlundt,v acting as toastmaster, will introduce president-elect Don Wells and his board of directors. Also the year’s work will be outlined and awards and keys will be presented PIA members for outstanding accomplishments. Spring Formal Dance After the banquet, the Annual Spring Formal Dance will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union, with dancing from nine until midnight. Paul Barker and his orchesti’a will furnish the music for dancing. Tickets for the banquet, which will be limited to 160 persons, are priced at 60 cents each and may be obtained from any PIA member or at the PIA office. Membership cards will admit couples to the formal dance in the Union. Merrill Browne Injured In Sunday Auto Crash H. Men-ill Bi’owne, ME ’39, of Brownsburg, was injured in an accident early Sunday morning on state road 40, one mile north of Crawfordsville. Browne was taken to Culver Hospital, Crawfordsville, for an X-ray examination. William Bayless was driving the car that crashed into another owned by L. E. Gill of Elwood. William Blair of Terre Haute was a third occupant of the wrecked car.
Squaring The Circle' Opens Tonight In Eliza Fowler Hall For Five Day Run Playshop Veteran Playshop Ends Season With Satirical Russian Comedy Hit; Veterans Assume Leading Roles Last Playshop production of the current season is the satire on Soviet Russia’s social adjustments, “Squaring the Circle,” which opens tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall for a five day run. Benny Burns, Dave Thompson, Bernard Everett ,and Gil Dejvore are among the veteran campus actors who are cast in the comedy on socialist matrimonial ventures. Feminine leads are taken by Beverlie Rice and Rochelle Rosenwasser, who try to make two happy homes in one tenement room. Miss Rosenwasser, in a difficult character part, portrays a poorly dressed woman with a brain, who is attractive enough to ensnare another woman’s husband. * Carmichael Directs
Benny Burns
Senior Officers Will Hold Annual Smoker Approximately 100 senior cadet officers of the University ROTC will attend the annual Spring Smoker to be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. The smoker is made possible through the auspices of the Tippecanoe chapter of the Reserve Officers Association. Toastmaster Captain Morris McCarthy will introduce Colonel Blakely, head of the University Military Department; Colonel George Byers, Lafayette military sector; Major Stuart McLeod and J. H. Sanderson, Lafayette unit instructors; and Colonel Fred Turner, Chief of Staff, Indiana Military area. After short talks by these men, refreshments will be served. Senior Women To Hear Gerard Dr. Ralph H. Gerard will address senior women at the last WSGA Marital lecture Thursday evening at 8:30 in the faculty lounge. Dr. Gerard, a Chicago physician, has chosen as his subject “Marriage, From a Man’s Point of View.” Dorothy Martenet has been in charge of the program of the four lectures sponsored for senior women only. Postpone Counselor Meeting Until May 10 The counselors meeting, which was to have been held this afternoon at 4 o’clock, will be held on Tuesday, May 10, at the same time, in the biology lectxtre room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. F. B. Knight will be the speaker, talking on “The Psychology of Counseling.” The counseling jobs are open to sophomores and junior men and women who are interested in helping new freshmen become oriented to campus life. To hold counselor positions, the prospects must attend the spring meetings. Alumni Association Re-Elects Edgerton At the annual meeting of the Purdue Alumni Association Saturday in the Union Building, Palmer R. Edgerton, Ag ’06, was re-elected alumni representative on the Board of Trustees. Elected as director of the Lafayette district was E. L. Simpson, EE ’99 of Fort Wayne. Chosen for the central district was Stanley S. Green, of Lafayette. H. J. Reed, assistant director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, was named treasurer of the association to succeed the late H. C. Ma- . hin of West Lafayette.
. F. C. Whitmore Will Lecture On 'Hydrocarbons' Speaking before the University section of the American Chemical Society, Dr. F. C. Whitmore, wellknown chemist and national president of the society, will discuss “Hydrocarbons.” The meeting is scheduled for Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building, following a dinner in Dr. Whitmore’s honor in the Union. Present dean of the school of chemistry and physics at Pennsylvania State College, Dr. Whitmore has spent many years as a teacher, research worker, and administrator. A native of Attleboro, Mass., he attended Harvard University and re^ceived his A. B. degree there in 1911. Obtaining his master’s degree there one year later, he continued his work and received his doctorate in 1914. Treasurer in ’17 Dr. Whitmore’s connection with the American Chemical Society began with the treasureship of the southeast Texas section in 1917. For eight years he was secretary and chairman of the organic division, and has been a member of the board of directors since 1928. lOther activities also claim his attention, for he was vice-president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science during ’32 and is a member of several clubs and fraternities. Dr. Whitmore is author of two textbooks, “Organic Compounds of Mercury,” and “Organic Chemistry.”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today, continued warm, followed by local showers. Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low, 51; high, 83; mean, 67.
Director H. Kenn Carmichael, who believes that “those who work behind the stage should sometimes work on the stage,” has cast production manager George Glover and Properties Chairman Jane Robinson in bit parts. Others in the cast include Lois Randolph, Grover Rose, and John Fisher. Eight year old Dickie Humphrey well-known in Lafayette for his singing and dancing programs, takes the part of the small brother. , “Perfect Set” “This set is close to perfect!” exclaimed /Stage manager Harry Brenman, inspecting the cracked and dirty walls of the Russian tenement house at dress rehearsal last night. Unusual properties are a priceless Russian concertina, loaned by Dr. A. A. Potter, seven rubber plants, a bedstead supported by boxes. John E. Dietrich, technical director, said last night, “This set is one of the best we’ve made so far. The walls are properly gray and dirty, the posters and banners are accurately done, and the L^the boards showing through the plaster look real.” Curtain Time Curtain time for the Valentine Kataev play will rise each evening at 7:30 except for Friday and Saturday. Friday’s curtain is scheduled for 8 p. m., while Saturday’s performance will begin after the Mothers’ Day sing on the oval. Tickets for any night may still be obtained at the theater office in Fowler Hall, though most of the house is reserved for the Mothers’ Day presentation. Ceres, Agricultural.. . . . . honorary will present the Ceres Essay cup at the open meeting this evening at 7:30 in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall- to the freshman submitting the most outstanding essay. The upperclassman winning the Dickinson Seed Cup will also be announced this evening. The principal speaker of the evening will be Captain S. A. Beckley, of the University military department, who will speak on “Agriculture and the Army.”
Baccalaureate Services End Gala Week Festivities; Dr. Dodd Receives Degree “It is not the fast pace of modern life, but boredom, that destroys,” stated Dr. Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton University, in his Baccalaureate address before the Universitysenior class Sunday afternoon in the new Fieldhouse, climaxing the annual Gala Week activities. More than 5,000 students, alumni, faculty members, and parents attended the services. In his address, President Dodds
declared that today’s struggle has been transferred from one against the forces of nature to a struggle against each other. He expressed the opinion that “bigness” is responsible for many of our difficulties in both business and government at the present time. Adjust Environment “So-called social engineering l;ias fallen behind technological engineei'ing,” he continued, “you can’t imprison the natm'e of a man in a mathematical equation.” Speaking directly to the members of the 1938 class, he expressed the opinion that a college education should en-
able them to adjust environment to instincts and personality, and to apply their skill in thought processes to other fields. President Dodds, who started his educational career on the University faculty in 1914, was presented with the honorary degree pf doctor of laws by the University. The citation for the degree, read by President Elliott, stated that the degree was conferred “in acknowledgment of his former services to this University, and in recognition of the scholar, the teacher, the administrator, and the counselor in whom the people of this and other nations may place their trust.”m-^w ^ ‘ ’ '
« *>y H
*4%'
HI
(dihfdaL
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
dbuntfL
Tuesday, May 3, 1938
Baccalaureate— Impressions Of A Bystander Ah, the pedagogical dignity that academic caps and gowns, lend to University faculty members as they strut by on Stadium Avenue, around to the Fieldhouse west entrance’ Baccalaureate dress seems to raise them to a highei plane than we ordinary human beings. Who, ve \\ondei, o he teaching staff march in this and in the commencement processions . . . and in what order? Does the University mete out penalties to professors who may, but do not participate ? An almost entirely red robe sets out its wearer from all the rest . . . ’tis Dr. Hatt’s gown, received in Nova Scotia, a faculty son standing at elbow’s rub informs us Seniors of 1938 piesent a less ordeily spectacle as they alternately double-time and half-step along after their professoiial predecessors . . . one would think they had never taken military training—or that the compulsory element of ROTC had produced a contrary reaction. But a semblance of dignity may be discerned here and there. At parade’s end we hurry inside the Fieldhouse gymnasium and up to the balcony press box: there to record notes on the preliminary session to the University declaration of the seniors’ independence from it So transformed from its usual athletic appearance IS the gymnasium and the proceedings arising therein, that we’ll wager not one in five persons so much as thought of the basketball games he saw there three months ago, or of the more recent track meets. Flags and colors, colors and flags, and standards . . . they project and hang in every manner and from every area of sidewalls and ceiling . . . United States flag, Purdue colors, Indiana’s state banner—and those of other states, univeisities, and governments. But-terfly-shaped arrangements of the red, the white, and the blue front the north windows ... at the west windows they look even more like butterflies through the pale blue gossamer stretched up to dull the gleam of the afternoon sun staring in at the goings-on. That afternoon sun ... as now, will be setting on the seniors June 12, to symbolize the end of their University course . . . but would it not be more fitting to hold commencement exercises in the morning, so the sun might rise on the beginning of their individual careers ? At the east end of the gym stands the Purdue stage, with its customary green-curtain background . . . with
the usual rows of potted ferns around the rim and base. Through the curtain and on back through doorways at the east and northeast we can see autos speeding by on Northwestern Avenue. These open doors and those at the west entrances permit the inside atmosphere to take in breaths of spring air. On the stage we see, from left to right: Registrar R. B. Stone, Prof. J. A. “Good Teacher” Estey, Princeton University President H. W. Dodds, our own President Elliott, Reverend Harry L. Cram of Frankfort, and Prof. L,. M. Sears. On the stage’s left sit A1 Stewart’s University Choir members, dressed in white gowns with black collars; to the right are the Military Band boys and “Spots” Emrick, in olive drab uniforms with yellow shoulder di’ess cords; facing the stage abide the seniors with their black robes and white collars; on either side of them watch the faculty members, also in black gowns, but boasting hoods of varying colors. So perfectly aligned are the seniors’ chairs—both laterally and from front to rear—that straight lines in all directions are apparent as they bow their heads uniformly in invocation. They remind one of grave markers in Flanders Field, or of hills of corn in a check-row field . . . and what a crop they make. The program proceeds with agreeable rapidity . . . every part seems shorter than that of last year . .. but despite the briefness an occasional senior can be seen napping before Pi’esident Dodds has finished his “one lesson of lasting influence” — as President Elliott terms it. Processional, academic procession, hymn, prater, responsive scriptural reading, choir singing, address, choir singing, conferring of honorary degree on President Dodds, choir singing, benediction, and then the I’ecessional . . . they’re all here and gone. The services end as President Elliott asks the seniors to remain in their seats to receive commencement directions from “Deacon” Turner ... to “stay after school for perhaps the last time.”
Simile: As quiet as an audience immediately after A1 Stewart’s University Choir finishes singing a piece of music.
Three cheers: To President Elliott for his recommendation that the audience applaud at baccalaureate Sunday—after Princeton’s Dodds had been conferred with an honorary degree. More informality would help to keep these services less boresome ... or must they be somewhat unpleasantly ceremonious in order to serve their purpose?
Letters to the Editor
Letters to Hie editor must be k^t at a reasonable lengrth and must be accompanied by the writers' sigrnatores. Unless otherwise requested, the antbor’s name will be published with his lettor. If. for reasons obyions to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
I Try To Be A Realist
Dear Editor:
A certain letter, written by a Mr. Fisher and published in the Exponent, Friday has moved me to attempt to defend principles now in disrepute in radical student circles. The letter itself is nothing— a childishly inept attempt to horrify—but it is an expression of an unfortunate misconception all too prevalent in American undergrad-
uate nunds.
This misconception, namely: that war can be prevented by a more or less organized refusal to bear arms against any nation whatsoever, has gained some impetus from its endorsement by a faintly “pinkish” organization of American univer-
sity students.
No Plan Will Work Lest I be misconstrued, let me say that I am unreservedly in favor of any plan to prevent war that will bear the scrutiny of a logical mind. However, there has never been a plan proposed and attempted —either by publicity-seeking organizations of college adolescents or the world’s greatest statesmen— that has proven workable. And there won’t be a workable plan for a good many hundreds of years, because Man has ever been and remains—^unreasonable, covetous, and prone to quarrel. Any student of history will tell you that when Man plays for great stakes, he distrusts his mind and uses his fists. We must elirainaije a considerable amount of the animal that remains in us, before we can reason away our love of a quarrel and live in peace. I am not defending war; I despise it, as any intelligent person should despise such an illogical procedure. But I do not let wishful thinking blind me to time-proven facts. And I do not bind myself with fools’ promises that would avail nothing in the face of a national emergency. I try to be a realist. Pierce W. Davis, CE ’39.
Zouaves To Witness Modern War Tactics Accompanied by Major G. O. Kurtz of the military department, 32 members of the University Zouave squad will leave Thursday on a four-day trip to Western Kentucky State Teachers College at Bowling Green, Ky., where they will be the guests of the Pershing Rifles, honorary infantry fraternity. The 67th Field Artillery will be hosts to the squad on Friday, then the group will go on to Bowling Green to drill for the Pershing Rifle Convention. An interesting highlight of the trip will be the witnessing of a review of the Seventh Cavalry Brigade, the only completely mechanized brigade in the United States Army. Four hundred of the most modern and efficient combat vehicles will take part in a tactical exercise involving an attack cross country^ illustrating methods of control by radio and airplane. Included in the exercises will be a firing demonstration of the weapons of the unit. The review is being presented in honor of Major General Hugh A. Drum, who is in command of the
Second Corps Area.
What, Where, When?
Duke University and Vii'ginia Military Institute in 1939 will celebrate the centennial aimiveraaries of their founding.
Is your mother coming up for Mothers’ Day? Then you’ve got work ahead this week, for you must have a slate clean and empty of work, May 7 and 8. Oh, we know that’s impossible, but let’s do the best we can. Get to work tonight; get all of your preps for this week-end and Monday; so you won’t be working this week-end. If you’re taking part in some of the festivities, be sure your mother has an escort to them; she’ll want to go 10 times over because you’re
in it.
Know what the two day program is. She’s already received her copy of it through the mail, and you must know at least as much as she. If there is something not on the program that you know she would enjoy, knock off a few minutes somewhere during those 36 hours and take her to it. It'll be something extra that she’ll appreciate more than the set program
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Mount Holyoke College seniors are helping their instructors write the examination questions they will answer in their comprehensive quizzes this spring. Started as an experiment, the students gave suggested questions for the examinations, and the instructors have already okeyed 12 of them for inclusion in the test. The students have already received the list of questions, and are now preparing their comprehensive answers to three of those submitted. The new system is used for history and political science majors.
C—C—C
Members of the Chi Omicron Delta, a Davis and Elkins College local fraternity, can sympathize with the Alpha Delta Phis of the University of Washington, who recently were forced to hold open house because the front door to their fraternity house was stolen, for the same thing happened to them over the week-end. It all happened during the fraternity’s second semester “Hell Week” when the actives were busy initiating a group of 19 of their pledges. The recently constructed house, not yet ready for occupation, was the mecca for neophytes returning from midnight as-
signments. C—C—C
“If I had enough money of my own, I’d buy a little college in the sticks where I could develop football teams without interference from faculty or alumni.” Jumping Joe Savoldi, University of Notre Dame All-American, has a new formula for making gridiron greats. ) C—C—C Harvard Univei’sity has more than 60 squash rackets courts, more than any other college or university in the United States.
c—c—c
One-half of one per cent of entering college freshmen are 15 years of age or younger.
C—G—C
Students spend more money for meat, fish, eggs, and poultry than for any other group of food.
LaMm Mowers, Sprinklers, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose SPBiBHARDWAliE 822 Main St.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
A CohAnUo rictwv*
because it is done especially for her. So start now; work extra hard today, tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday that you may spend your tinjie with your mother on Saturday and Sunday, not i> Ifre lab, library, or at your desk.
edwArjd 1. AU'eRfiOK'
—aka—
“RADIO PATROL” No. 6
PROSPERITY . . . We see that Phi Delt Rhoades is back in town, and we understand that Brownie and the other boys are planning to add another wing to their—ahem—establishments. WYNN GOODMAN . . . ... is collaborating with “Dusty” to help bring back good times to the joifits aroun dtown. SOMETHING SHOULD BE DONE . . . with the boys who read in the Grill Room on busy Sunday afternoons. They are the kind of people who would bring their lunch to the Browsing Room. WE NOTICE . . . . . . quite a few pins being returned these days. Have the co-eds taken up the Nazi plan of expansion, or is it just spring? AMAZING THE MASSES ... “What time is it?” John WATCH Petty. “Nobody knows me.” Jerry BIG TIME Buhrke. “I never miss practi(|e.” Carl LADY KILLER Verplank. IT’S RUMORED . . . . . . that a WCTU has been started on the Purdue campus. The strange part IS that two of Lamb’s best customers are the officers. CO-ED SUCKER FOR . . . . . . the year is the Chi O who invited Bob Mullett to her formal dance Friday night. Bob couldn’t remember her name when he ordered flowers, so he called each sorority on the campus inquiring “Who has a date with Bob Mullett for Friday night?” Jim W.: “Am I the first one you have ever kissed?” Treva: “Certainly. Why do men always ask the same questions?” Symphonic Band Enfaged For Concert In Ft. Wayne Engaged by the Mystic Shrine of Fort Wayne, the University Symphonic Band will play a concert at the Shrine Temple in Fort Wayne Saturday. The Band will present Peter Tschaikowsky’s entire Fifth Symphony, using the same an-angement presented in the recent band concert in Jefferson High School Gymnasium. They will return to Lafayette immediately after the con-
cert.
‘Hold on Slug! We’re diggin’ in circles!”
Lamtuia Chis Win Bridge Tournaient Winning team in the top flight of the Student Union sponsored Allcampus bridge tournament played off during the last three weeks was the “Pui-ple, Green and Gold” team, representing Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. This team will receive a first place trophy. Runners-up in this senior flight were the Phi Delta Theta players. In the junior flight championship play-off the “Pour Treys” were the winners. The “Four Deuces” came out second best among the junior flight teams. Play-Offs Thursday Thursday these four teams will play for final honors in the Union ballioom. A gallery is expected and the Union invites any interested pel sons to attend. Sponsored by the Student Union, all three matches of the bridge tournament have been planned, directed, and scored by J. L. Born, Lafayette bridge teacher. The matches have been played off on successive Thursdays. All trophies and prizes will be distributed at the play-off Thursday. Besides the champions in the junior and senior flights, top teams in the preliminary and semifinal matches, and top North-South and East-West teams in all three of the matches will be eligible for prizes. Teams Eligible For Prizes Those teams include: Kappa Kappa Gamma, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta Upsilon, Pi Kappa Alpha; NorthSouth pairs of WATO, Phi Kappa Psi, Four Steinies, Purple, Green and Gold, Easy Aces, and Sigma Nu; and East-West pairs of Delta Tau Delta, Grand Slammers, Phi Kappa Psi, Four Deuces, Phi Delta Theta, and Triple XXX.
TODAY — TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
The Silver Throated Boy You Love ... in a Thdlling Adventure in the South Seat!
-PLUSINVISIBLE ENEMY wiUi ALAN MARSHALL Tala Birell C. Henry Gordon Extrl! MARCH OF TIME “Crime and Prisons”
Moonlight Setting Feitures WRH Hop Swinging to the mdsic of Bud Bryant and his band, 250 couples and their guests danced Saturday night in recreation room of north Women’s Residence Hall. The theme of the decorations was that of a moonlit spring night. Elaborate decorations of palm flowei’s and artistic sketches of springtime scenes, with the lights producing the effect of moonlight, made the spring atmosphere complete. Outside, in the court separating the two halls, tables were available for those desiring refreshments. An amplifying system carried the music to the recreation room of the south hall foi those not caring to dance.‘HI ^rm V >*W'^
^^,iB. -^fSi
Tuesday May 3, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Michigan, Notre Dame Squads Win Matches From Boilermaker Golfers Making a clean sweep of the five afternoon individual matches Michigan’s golf team defeated Purdue yesterday afternoon, 16-5, in the second Big Ten meet of the year for the Gold and Black.
The Boilermakers took a four to two lead in the two'^ morning best ball foursomes, but went to pieces in the afternoon when Michigan blanked Purdue in four matches and yielded only a single point in
the fifth.
Lose To Notre Dame The golf squad dropped a close one to Notre Dame Saturday, 9 and one-half to 8 and one-half, in a meet which featured a par 72 by Irish Capt. Tpm Sheehan in the morning round, and Walter Hagen, Jr.’s eagle three on the ninth hole. Purdue-Michigan summary: Foursomes—David and Freese (P), defeated Barclay and Karpinski (M), 3-0; Riess and Palmer (M) defeated Anderson and Baske (P), 2-1. Singles—Karpinski (M), defeated David (P), 3-0; Barclay (M) beat Freese (P), 3-0; Riesse (M), defeated Anderson (P), 3-0; Palmer (M) defeated Baske (P), ^-0; and Tussing (M), defeated Peterson of Purdue, 2-1.
University of Kentucky students walk 600,000 miles per month.
INDEPENDENTS All men desiring to enter ward golf and tennis singles competition sign up on entry blanks on intramural bulletin board. —MIDDLETON.
Open Fraternity Track Meet Today With Seven Track And Fieid Events ' Four track and field events will be run off this afternoon in the annual inter-fraternity track meet. Today’s list includes the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus, and pole vault. Last year the meet was won by Kappa Sigma. Fifty participation points will be awarded any fraternity which enters four different men in the meet. In any single event no more than two men from one fraternity may
enter.
Ten additional points will be given the winner of each event and five points will be gdven the runner-
up.
Individual medals will be presented to members of the the winning team, while the winning fraternity receives a large trophy, that is now on display in the lobby of the new gymnasium.
Ability to twirl two batons simultaneously has won a movie contract for Ruth Gifford, drum major of the Pasadena Junior College band.
HAYS lEWELRY COMPANY Eost Side of Sqcsre Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Alpha Tau Omega Wins Fraternity Horseshoe Title Alpha Tau Omega won the interfraternity horseshoe title yesterday afternoon in a closely contested match with Alpha Gamma Rho, to dethrone the Alpha Gamma Rho team for the first time in three y/ears. John Weber, freshman basketball player, and Andy Grant, varsity football player, tossed the horseshoes for the winners, while J. Swain and E. S. Bogue formed the losing team. Alpha Gamma Rho had three teams in the final eight. Two of these teams met, the victor later being defeated by Alpha Tau Omega. In the final game, with the score tied at 47-47, the Alpha Gamma Rho man threw two wild ones, and Andy Grant stepped up and tossed a ringer to win for Alpha Tau Omega. The eight teams which had gained places in the finals were Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Gamma Rho (three teams). Phi Sigma Kappa, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Pi Kappa Alpha, and Sigma Pi. Lettermen Honored Al'P'Blanket Hop Following the yearly tradition of giving “P” blankets to all graduating senior lettermen, 55 black felt blankets, each with a large gold “P” centered upon it were given to this year’s crop of graduating athletes. These “P” blankets were purchased by the Purdue Union from tjie proceeds received from the annual Blanket Hop. This year’s hopgoers danced to the music of Bill Carlsen and his orchestra Saturday, night. At 11 o’clock the music stopped and the 55 blankets were handed out to graduating lettermen.
The OLD and the NEW WON'T MIX-
no more so than the Horse and Buggy and the Airplane —Cobblestone Streets and the Hundred-Mile-An-Hour-Automobile . *. . In fact, no more so than Old Merchandising Ideas and Modern Stock. They just Don't Mix—and they Won't Mix. Think for a short minute of the most successful business man in Lafayette. He is well known—well known to,all his customers by Name as well as by Reputation. Adyertising is known as one of the better means of building both You and Your Reputation— especially is this true of good consistent advertising. Think a minute longer— then Call 5038. A representative will be pleased to see you.
the PURDUE EXPONENT
Tennis Team Plays Boilermaker Spring Sporb Squads Kentucky, DePauw, Face Heavy Schedule Duing Week
Butler This Week After dropping three meets over the week-end^ the tennis squad is faced with a heavy schedule for this week, leading off with the powerful undefeated Kentucky University tennis team today at two p. m. on the varsity tennis courts, DePauw on the sixth here, and ending the week at Indianapolis against Butler. ' The Boilermaker squad will go into action without th^ services of Wakefield, who played the number one position last year, due to a throat infection, and Captain Traylor, -vt^ho has been suffering from an injury to his ankle early in the seaSoii. The team scored six points to their opponents’ 20 in the four-way round robin with Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio State at Bloomington Saturday. Fuente, who has now been advanced to first position on the Gold and Black team, was the only victor in the matches against Indiana. He defeated Tuthill 6-4, 0-6, 7-5. Blitz and Mann came close to taking a doubles match when they won the first set 6-3, dropped the second 4-6, and were beaten 9-11 in a long third set. ' Illinois Tough Too Illinois proved just as tough for the Boilermakers who once more were able to win only one match. This victory came when Traylqy and Blitz downed Davis and Scott in a doubles match 6-1, 7-9, 6-3. Brodsky lost a long close match to Jones which took so much time that one of the doubles matches was cancelled and Illinois won the meet 7-1. Against Ohio State the team proved more competent, winning four matches while losing five. Fuente, Blitz, and Brodsky each won in straight sets for Purdue in the singles, while Jackson and Brodsky won a doubles match in straight sets. ^
A busy week faces the Boilermaker spring sports squads with seven intercollegiate engagements scheduled for the next five days. Coach Larry LkBree’s tennis squad will be the most active, meeting Kentucky here this afternoon, DePauw here Friday, and Butler at Indianapolis on Saturday. Following their match with Mich-
Varsity Trackmen Down Freshmen In Annual Meet, 97-46 Saturday morning, the remaining six events in the freshman-varsity track meet were completed with the varsity repeating their Friday afternoon victory with a 48-15 margin for the day. The total final score was: Varsity, 97; Freshmen, 46. The freshman distance star, Holderman, again captured the spotlight for the frosh with his win in the two mile run. The times were lengthened by the stiff north wind which was in the faces of the runners in the dashes. Wadleigh took high honors for the varsity with a total of 10 points from firsts in the 880 and broad jump. The summaries: 880 Yard Run—Gaulke (V), first; Terhune (V), second; Douglas (V), tliird. Time, 2:02.5. 220 Yard Dash—Wadleigh (V), first; Resnick (V), second; Luther (V), third. Time. :24.1. Two Mile Run—Holderman (F), first; Long (V), second; Reeves, (F), third. Time, 9:52.2. 220 Yard Low Hurdles—Fifield (V), first; Shideler (V), second; Alston (F), third. Time, :27.1. Broad Jump—Wadleigh (V) first; Verink (F), second; Bausman (F), third. Distance, 21 feet 8 inches._ Javelin—Murphy (V), first; Luce (V), second; Kinyon (F), third. Distance, 166 feet 3 inches.
Northwestern University students have formed a Better Government League to fight machine politics in Chicago.
The Carnegie Corporation has endowed a professorship of library service at Columbia University— first of its kind in the world.
T. Ennis is the tennis coach at West Virginia University.
« the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College EduootSon H.G.
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In Bbs VABSOTY BOOT SHC^
Jewelry
R. J. BATH ! Watdi Maker 605 Main Street
aCEISENBACH Jew^r and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thfs is all vre do, but we (k> it well. W(;iUace Block 322 Ferry St. Op|)osite Poet Office
e Printing
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"’Offle* SUHoatnr. Wadding InvIlaUent
RHONE -
S6S8 CASSEL’S dOSFERRy
e Professional
The Slak Dented CBoie
Mfc mwms ft, DiL umna a.
4th & Mcdn
PtXMM 5701
e Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
e Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS open Evenings Ph. 2291 , State-Main, W. L
e Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Qeaning Needs Sander ior Rent
igan yesterday, which opened the week’s activities, the golfers will face the Indiana University squad in their second match of the week here on Saturday. Baseball Team Purdue’s hustling baseball nine with three victories in four starts against Big Ten competition so fax this season, will tackle Wabash at Crawfordsville on Wednesday as a tuneup for the important game with Chicago’s Big Ten leaders here on Saturday. Coach Fehring is expected to use Mangas and Warner on the mound against the Little Giants on Wednesday. Arnold Bredewater, who has allowed only two runs in 24 innings in his two Big Ten victories, will pitch against the Maroons Saturday. Coach Hermon Phillips’ track squad is preparing for a quadrangular meet with Pittsburgh, Northwestern and Minnesota at Evanston on Saturday. Richard Kasser Eleded Leader Of Newman Club At the regular monthly meeting of the Newman Club held Sunday, Richard Kasser was elected president of the organization for the ensuing year. Joan Le Boeuf and Louis Dider were elected secretary and treasurer respectively. Also at the meeting the date and orchestra for the Newman Club Dance Were decided. Bud Bryant will furnish the music for the dance to be held May 6 in Duncan Hall. The spring picnic is to be held on May 15 at Turkey Run.
Intramurals
BASEBALL—^Today Diamond 1— ^Ward 3 vs. Ward llA. 2— ^Ward 5 vs. Ward 11. 3— ^Ward 2X vs. Ward 2A. 4— ^Ward 12 vs. Ward 13. 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi E[appa Sigma. 8— Delta Tau Delta vs Alpha Gamma Rho. 9— Ward 17X vs. Cary Hall 4. 10—Ward 4 vs. Cary Hall 1.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Today—4:15 ' Weiner vs. Powell. Campbell vs. Anderson. Thompson vs. Kline or Douglass. Hargesheiroer vs. Fant or Seeman.
ALL- CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 D. F. Monger vs. F. L. Mullin. C. Fuller vs. H, M. Templeton. G. Frye vs. D. E. Wilkins. G. T. Miller vs. F. D. Richards. J. P. McGrath vs. F. Tabshey. J. Kerwin vs. W. B. Billings. D. C. Meyer vs. E. Vaughn.
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:16—^The Home Builders. 11:30—^Parade of Melody. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Town Crier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market and Weather Reports. 1 ^00—Alberta Schmadel—soprano. 1:15—Electrical Shop. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:46—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—Story Time. 2:16—^The Apothecaiy. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—^Treasure Chest—John Diet* rich. \ 3:00—^Farm Security tion. 8:16—Melody Review. 8:46—Scientific Newa 4:0(1—-Town Forum. 4:15—Melody Mooda. 4:30—Parade of Natiens. 4:46—Story Bopk Hour.
-r.%
Sr ^ f
/ /
Personnel Notes
Company Magnolia Petroleum Co. (subsidy of Soconj'-Vacuum Co ), Dallas, Tex Representative Paul E Nash, producing division Visiting Thuisday, May 5 Intel \iewing E E seniois, Science seniors and masters maioring in physics, who aie interested in oil field woik -with leflection seismograph, torsion balance and the gravity meter ciews Those interested, who have not signed up, apply at the Personnel office Company John R. Thompson Company, Chicago, 111, operator of the Thompson restaurants. Correspondent J. A. Larsh. Interested In Seniors who wish to follow restaurant management as a career. Those interested may sign up in the main office of their school Company International Harvester Company, 180 N Michigan Ave., Chicago. Correspondent George D Kelday, Manager of Industrial Relations. Interested In A mechanical engineer to work m development and manufacturing of milk cooling equipment Those interested may sign up in Professor Young’s office O—-0 O j Company Wadhams Oil Company, Milwaukee, Wis. Representative D H Beisell, Manager, Industrial Dept. Visiting Purdue During the week of May 22 or 29 Interviewing ME seniors interested in sales engineering Nature of Work Sales of lubricants and process products used in woolen, textile, paper and metal working industries. Sixty percent engineering, forty per cent sales work. Qualifications Approximately six feet tall, excellent appearance, thorough engineers, a definite sales personality 0 —0—o Company Parker Appliance Company, Cleveland, 0 , manufacturers of tube couplings and valve fittings Correspondent L J Kujawa. Interested In: Preferably MB’s seeking sales engineering work, who live m vicinity of Cleveland. Also looking for a man who can write technical engineering copy. Those interested please sign up in Professor Young’s office Literature is available there Company L. S. Ayres & Company, department store, Indianapolis, Indiana. Representative W. R. Allen, director of personnel Visiting Purdue Thursday afternoon, May 5 Interviewing Seniors interested in merchandising research and development work with his company
MADDER Than a WET HEN And Ten Times FUl^iER “SQUARING THE CIRCLE ’
Phone early for week-end reservations Tuesday thru Saturday May 3-7
Phone 4269 Or Call at Box Office ELIZA FOWLER HAU
dCacal OdA. Speech Conference Draws 92 Teachers Ninety-two speech correctionists attended the annual spring conference of the Indiana Speech Coriection Association held here Saturday duiing Gala Week Di Bryng Bryngelton, professor of speech pathology and directoi of the speech clinic at the University of Minnesota, gave the piincipal address on “Why Man Talks ” Dr Harold Truslei, plastic surgeon of the Indiana University medical center, gave an illustrated lecture on the cleft palate, and Dr. Robeit Milisen, of Indiana University, spoke on “Stuttering and Its Avoidance.” Speaking at the noon luncheon of the conference. Dr. A H. Monroe, of the University speech department, addressed the group on “The Future of Speech Correctionists.” He said, “Correction work must start in the grade schools in order to prevent speech defects.” Speech correctionists were here from Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Ohio in addition to the Indiana representatives. Pi Phi's Celebrate 71st Anniversary Of Founding All active members of the Pi Beta Phi sorority, and Mrs. Cora Case, house mother, traveled to Indianapolis Saturday to attend the 71st anniversary of the founding of the sorority. The luncheon was held at the Columbia Club and was followed by a dance at the Marrot Hotel in the evening. The luncheon was the 41st annual luncheon of the Indiana Pi Phis. Miss Katherine Mounce, University sophomore, received the award for the highest scholarship average The chapter again won the cup given to the group having the highest average Tau Kappa Epsilon ... . . . announces the pledging of Forest C. Deal and A. Taylor Witham.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
OtatititL
Tuesday. May 3. 1938
Pair To Dance 200 Feet Above Steert Elevated dancing will be featured tomorrow in Lafayette as Betty and Benny Fox perform 200 feet above Main street This pair of daring sky devils dance on a 20-inch disk without railings or any other safety devices The disk will be placed atop a hundred foot pole which has already been set up on the roof of the Lafayette Loan & Tiust Company Building, Fourth and Main streets. The couple are on a tour of the middle-west and have been brought here through the interests of the letail division of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. Dr. J. Estey Speaks At Indiana University Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics and government department, spoke at the opening spring meeting of the general sessiott of the Indiana Academy of Social Sciences held at Indiana University last week-end. R. Phillips, government professor, represented the University at a round table discussion devoted to government. R. G. Thomas, economics professor, S C Gilfillan psychology professor, spoke at the general session which was devoted to “Current Tiends ” Theodore K. Noss, psychology piofessoi, IS vice-president of the organization, and W. V Owen, economics professoi is a member of the board of directors. Elliott To Preside Over Convention At Capitai President Edward C Elliott, chairman of the American Council on Education, will preside over the opening session of the twenty-first annual meeting of the organization, which will be held at the Mayflower Hotel, Washington, D C., on Friday and Saturday During the two-day session, more than 400 educators, CIVIC and social leaders, and representatives of the government will hear several speakers on
problems which confront American education today. President Elliott will also deliver the annual chairman’s address on “Counsel for the Council” before the formal dinner on Friday evening, and preside over the closing session on Saturday afternoon.
Notices Mo Notices Accepted After $ p.m.
Student Counselors: There wilt be. no meeting: this afternoon. It will be held in the bioloKy lecture room on Tuesday, May 10, at 4 p m Dr, F B Knight will''speak on 'The Psychology of Counseling ” . —WALTERS.'
WAA Baseball Games* Monday, May 2, 4pm Ward 2 vs Alpha Chi, Pi Phi vs Residence Hall Wednesday, May 4, 4 p m Kappa vs Ward 1 Alpha Chi vs Residence Hall Thursday, May 6, 4 p m ' Kappa Vs Residence Hall —MAIER
Fraternity Presidents Council meeting Thursday, May 5, at 6 p m at the Theta Xi house —WHITING
TYP51WRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Tnton Club Meeting Tuesday, May 8, from 7 30 to 30 p m Practice for the swimming meet. May 10 —JORGBSON Union Sophomores* Our committees please meet at 4 p m , Tuesday, May 3, in the workroom —SAMUELSON, TAYLOR
Exponent Workers * Sophomore co-eds will put out Wednesday night’s paper (May 4). That night s staff need not report for work ^ —BRPCK Summer Session Catalogs: 1938 catalogs are now available in summer session office and in registrar’s office,/ (6-5) —KNIGHT. Sigma Delta Chi: All members bring Gridiron Banquet hills to meeting at 8 15 p m , May 3, in Union Exponent office -FORSTER
Fraternities and Sororities: Applications to participate in the Mothers* Day All-Uni-versity Sing must be made in the Union office by 6 p m , Wednesday, May 4 —WOOD, CABONARGI
Catalyst Club: The date of the final initiation has been changed to Wednesday, May 11 The dinner will be held at the Pi Kappa Phi house (6-6) —BOWMAN
LOST—-In Union Building Saturday afternoon, slide rule, black leather notebook, machine design book by Norman & Ault. Reward for return. Call L. D. Lowe. Phone 36552.
Exponent Sophomore Co-ed^: Meeting at 7 15 Tuesday, May 3, instead of 4 as was planned Charged because of WSGA counselors’ meeting —PYKE
Camera Club: No meeting Tuesday, May 3 but foyowing members please meet me at 7 30 in the Union Cafeteria Derner, Baker, West, Donahue, Koehler, Hopkins, Gustafson, and Hedden —WILLIAMSON.
WAA Council* Meeting in WAA office Wednesday, May 4, at 5 p m —MERRITT
Gimlet. Initiation postponed until next week. Turn in tickets and money to Girard (5-6) —BROWN
$86 WORTH OF CAMERA—And equipment for $55. Korelle Reflex, F-3.5 lens, focal plane shutter, and miscellaneous equipment. Call 41641 9 a. m. to 5 p m. Leave name and phone
Alpha Phi Omega. Meeting Tuesday, May 3 at 7 30 in room F of the Union There will be a rush Smoker All members please attend —WADLEIGH
Camera Club. Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 3, has been postponed until May 17 (6-6) —WEST
Cosmopolitan Club: A special meeting is called for Wednesday, May 4, at 7 15 p m in room F of the Union It is urgent that all members attend —GERLACH
Alpha Lambda Delta. Important meeting Tuesday, May 3, at 7 16, in room 1 of the Union —NOUNCE
Purdue Engineer: Monaon, Ott, Maurey, Stamm, Kolb, Fleck, and all others interested in positions on the business staff meet in the Engineer office in the Union at 4 o’clock Tuesday, May 3 —BEHRENDS. Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Those members who have not checked out their inspection banquet tickets get them in my office Tuesday, May 3
DOUBLE PROTECTION Your winter garments are moth-proofed when cleaned at Crown by MONITE moth proof process. If requested we will return them in a moth proof bag.
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
fFAen you ’re out for pleasure ... and tie up to Chesterfields .. .you find a cigarette that has refreshing mildness ... a taste that smokers like ... a more pleasing aroma. Mild ripe tobaccos—homegrown and aromatic Turkish —and pure cigarette paper— the best ingredients a cigarette can have . . . that’s
why Chesterfields give you more pleasure.
Qiesterliel
...you’ll find MORE PLEASURE in Chesterfield’s milder better taste
CotTtight 1938, LiGGETr & Mvzu Tobacco Ob.