Purdue
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 184
Tuesday. May 21. 1940
Late News Bulletins
60,000 In Big Push Berlin, May 20—A report from Paris, received here in Berlin, stated that 60,000 soldiers, comprising five mechanized divisions of the Nazi war machine, are being employed in an intensive German drive, which the Germans hope will succeed in pushing the British back to the English Channel. Germans estimate that the flanking movements of their troops may bottle up 300,000 British soldiers. The German High Command declared the Nazi onslaughts were splitting the Allies—the British falling back towards the Channel and the French seeking an outlet to the South. A German communique claimed that the retreat between Valenciennes and Maubeuge coast cost the Allies their “heaviest losses , . . especially armored troops.” It said: “The enemy, after a vain attempt to break through, is retreating westward, severely shattered. Southwest of there our motorized and armored troops reached the Somme battlefield of 1916 on the line of Cambrai-Peronne. “Stuke (dive bombers), fighting and destroyer plane squadrons destroyed an armored column moving north from Laon and forced them to turn back.”
Lindy Warns Against Meddling Washington, May 20—In the opinion of Col. Charles A. Lindbergh, America need not fear invasion “unless the American people bring it on through their own quarreling and meddling with affairs abroad.” In a radio broadcast last night, the famous aviator, an army air corps reserve officer, called for an end to “hysterical chatter of calamity and invasion.” He said: “We are in danger of war today, not because European people have attempted to interfere with the internal affairs of America, but because American people have attempted to interfere with the internal affairs of Europe.”
Russia Warns Italy London, May 20—A Soviet spokesman, broadcasting over the Moscow radio, issued a “final warning” to Italy threatening the fate which might overtake her in the event Premier Mussolini decided to help fight “Chancellor Hitler’s war,” the London Daily Express said today!
Britons Kill Britons—Nazis Berlin, May 20—It was officially charged today that twenty-one Allied soldiers—prisoners of war in German concentration camps—have been killed by ''bombs from British planes. In addition, several other prisoners have been wounded, according to an official announcement.
Germans Claim Capture of Laon Berlin, May 20—The capture of Laon, important. French city about 75 miles from Paris and 25 miles northwest of Rheims, was claimed tonight by the German High Command.
Report French Counter-Attack Pans, May 20—The High Command reported a French counter-attack north of Laon tonight. It also asserted that German efforts to widen the base of the “bulge” in an attack on Montmedy had been beaten off. “Great activity of our air force continued all day,” the High Command said. “Many reconnaissance planes prepared the way fof the attack by bombing squadrons of armored units. A heavy tonnage of explosives was dropped on the columns, slowing down their progress and inflicting severe loss.”
Telephone Communication Cut
London, May 20—London to Paris, Rome, Switzerland, and Jugoslavia telephone contact was interrupted today. Calls were interrupted and communication ceased as follows: Zurich, Switzerland, 2:20 p. m.; Zagreb, Jugoslavia, 3:30 p. m.; Rome, 5:20 p. m.; and Paris, 5:40 p. m. According to the British postoffice, which handles all telephone communications, there will be an “indefinite delay,” but no explanation was given.
Varsity Magazine Features Campus In ^Banks Of Wabash' Pictorial Spread
By Pete Stenzel
“Varsity Views the Banks of the Wabash,” a pictorial spread in the cuirent issue of ‘Varsity,’ the college news magazine, depicts the life of Boilermaker eds and co-eds. “Purdue, with its splendid engineering and agricultural schools is growing by leaps and bounds under the guidance of its nationallyknown president. Dr. Edward Elliott,” says Varsity in its description of life on the campus. Georgann Schilling lead the feature with a photograph showing ber reading a copy of her recentlypublished etiquette book, “Pardon Me” and on the same page we see Barbara Cook, Theta, and winner of second place in AAU diving championships, posing for Coach Papenguth. Catching a glimpse of .a familiar scene in the puttering
Acacia
room, “Varsity’s” photographer snapped students intently at work.
On the ‘Serious’ Side
Getting more on the serious side of life at Purdue, Hank Miller and Jim Hebbeler, wearing their cords, are shown with a load of books. Turning the page we are face to face with blonde Vman Dickerson, “Purdue’s lovely sophomore.” Two typical Residence Hall shots feature the co-eds preparing for a date and a group trying to get in a little
co-operative studying.
. . . announces the pledging of James Rhodes of Logansport, In-
diana.
Commencement' Invitations Seniors with last names beginning with letters from A to L, inclusive, may obtain their commencement invitations and announcements upon presentation of order receipts at the Union desk or bookstore where the order was placed, any time after 9 a.m., Tuesday, May 21. Those seniors whose last names begin with letters from M to Z, inclusive, may obtain their commencement invitations and announcements upon presentation of order receipts at the Union desk or bookstore where the order was placed, any time after 7 p.m., Wednesday, May 22. Heavy ordering, an increase of 27 per cent over last year’s order list, makes it impossible for the Gala Week committee to prepare the entire amount for distribution Tuesday morning. —Lawrence Archibald, Chm. Mullendore Will Address Lutheran Students' Meeting The Reverend G. E. Mullendore, minister of the Lutheran Church, Cicero, 111., will be the principal speaker at a banquet given by the Lutheran Students’ Association Thursday evening. On the program with Rev. Mullendore will be the Rev. H. C. Stolldorf, John Mezoff, and Charles Hall. ^ During the banquet next year’s officers will be installed. They are John Mezoff, president; Michael Antal, vice-ipresident; Betty Zinsmeister, recording secretary; Mary Mennen, corresponding secretary; and Stanley Gesell, treasurer. The banquet will be held at 6:30 p.m. in the dining room above the Ford Hopkins Drug Company. Seniors Defeat Faculty Members In Safety Quizz Four seniors scored a notable defeat over four of the University’s faculty members during a safety quiz over WBAA yesterday. On a half-hour program under the direction of James Wilson of the University Public Safety Institute, and Hank Miller of WBAA, the seniors scored 110 points answering questions dealing with safety on the street, in industry, and during recreation, while the faculty men scored only 70 points. Participants for the faculty on the program, the eighth of a series of safety quizzes over WBAA, were: Prof. Marion Russell of the department of physical education for women. Prof. Ben Petty of the civil engineering school. Prof. George Buxton of the engineering extension staff, and Prof. Homer Allen of the division of physical education for men. Seniors who took part in the quiz were Betty Spears, Ralph Reilly, Timothy Rose, and Maurice Aronson. Union Tea Dance . . . will be held today from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. in the north ballroom of the Union. Music will be furnished by popular lecordings. All students will be admitted free.
Commencemenf Tickets Remaining undistributed tickets for June 9th commencement exercises will be given out in the north room of the alumni offices from 4:15 to 5:15 p.m. today only, the Gala Week committee has announced. Seniors may send others to pick up their tickets provided the delegate presents the passport of the senior for whom the tickets have been saved. No tickets are available at the present for those who have not applied.
Pre-Airport Dance Banquet To Feature James H. Doolittle Major James H. Doolittle, advertising director for Shell corporation, will speak to members of the Flying and Glider Clubs and their dates at a banquet in the Union next Saturday night preceding the annual airport dance. “Blind Flying” will be the subject of Doolittle’s address. Accojnpaning the speech will be a film entitled “Conquest of the Air.” Other notable guests at the banquet will include Major Charles E. Cox, supervisor of private fl3dng development, and Captain Harold Neeley, district superintendent of CAA. During the World War Major Doolittle was an instructor training pilots for combat. He is a twotime member of the “Caterpillar Club” having taken to a parachute twice to save his life. In addition to this, he was the first man to take off and land by the use of instruments. The Major holds a number of speed and stunt records having won the Thompson trophy race in Cleveland in 1932, the Schneider cup race in 1925, and the Bendix trophy race in 1931. Ceres Will Hear W. C. Lowdermilk
Pee Wee Hunt
. . . featured vocalist with Glen Gray and his Casa Loma orchestra will sing at the Cary Club formal to be held Friday, May 24.
Modelers Will Give Exhibition Sunday University Model Airplane Club will give a demonstration of model flying at the airport Air Show next Sunday from 9 until 12 a. m. Anyone who wishes to participate in the demonstration and has a gasoline powered or rubber band powered model should attend the club’s meeting this Friday in room 364 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. The open meeting will be followed by the club’s election of officers for the coming year.
Speak On Soil Erosion sdX Will Select Winners Of
Dr. W. C. Lowdermilk, assistant chief of the Soil Conservation Service, will speak on “Soil Erosion and Civilization” at an open meeting of Ceres, agronomy honorary, and the Soil Science Society of Indiana to be held May 24 in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building. In this survey of soil erosion, soil and water conservation, and torrential flood control, which took 16 months, Lowdermilk traveled over 30,000 miles by train, airplane, automobile, and afoot in 17 countries, including England, Holland, France, Italy, Egypt, and others. At 6:00 p.m. a cafeteria dinner will be held in the reception room of the Purdue Union building. At this time Mrs. Lowdermilk will give a short talk on her experiences during the tour. Reservations for the dinner should be made with H. P. Ulrich of the Agricultural Experiment Station staff by tomorrow. The dinner and the illustrated lecture are open to all students, faculty, and townspeople who are interested. Debris Distribution Resumes Today At 4 Today at four o’clock 1,200 more copies of the 1940 “Debris” will be available in the Debris workshop to those who have paid in full. Yesterday over 600 copies of these long awaited books were passed out in one and one-half hours. To anyone still wishing to purchase a copy of these leather-boimd “Debris,” there are still available twenty-five more copies.
Annual Awards Tonight Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, will elect new officers at a meeting in room 212 of the Union Building at 7:30 p.m. tonight. Winners of the 1940 Leather Medal and Best Teacher Medallion will be made tonight to close the year’s activities of this organization.
Cary Club Brings Glen Gray Here For Spring Formal Cary Clubbers and their dates will swing to “Smoke Rings,” the theme song of Glen Gray and his Casa Loma Orchestra, as their spring formal starts at 8:30 Friday night in both Union ballrooms. The dance, an annual event for Cary Hall residents only, will bring to the campus one of the finest “name” bands in the business for a four hour program of smooth dancing. There is considerable controversy over whether there will or will not be a banquet. According to Allan Botsford, head if dinner arrangements, a meeting was to be held last night to determine the issue. Results, however, had not been learned at press time. The banquet, if held, will be formal and will probably commence at six o’clock the evening of the dance. Vocal specialties of the evening’s entertainment will feature the voices of “Pee-Wee” Hunt and Kenny Sargent, network favorites. Sonny Dunham will “swing out” on the trumpet. Probably the most outstanding point of the orchestra’s eleven year history is the fact that the organization has remained intact with no personnel changes during this entire period. Gimlet Club . . . announces the election of officers for the coming year. Bud Taylor, Sigma Chi, was elected, president; Bob Colquhoun, Phi Delta Theta, vice-president; and Gene Brooks, Alpha Gamma Rho, secre-tary-treasurer.
Exponent Workers Exponent Staff: The following men are scheduled to work Tuesday, May 21. Night editor, Purcell; stooge, Skallerup; issue editor, Wilcox; proof men, Streid and Lanman; workers. Wood, Moss, Rohtert. Smith, Zinski, and Davidow.
Scrivener
. . . literary publication, announced the pledging of the following persons at their last meeting held on Sunday, May 19: Monica Buergier, Bonnie McPherson, Ruth Swickard, Prances Estep, Betty Passow, A. J. Shurig, Betty Trachsel, Juanita Thompson, Loyd Quinn, Martha Jane Fox, Bill Heath, Ruth Dray, Marion Howard, Marian Johnson, A. D. Topping, Jo Ann Jackson, Alice Ann Bahls, Lois Turner, Margaret Puller, Elizabeth Prachsil, Mack White, S. Wayne Garrigues, Doi-othy Miller, Leroy Greenberg, Caroline Britton, Dale Moffet, Helen Conder, A. J. MacLaggart, and R. E. Ross. An initiation banquet will be held next Saturday.
Balkan States Once More Claim Spotlight As Doubtful Factor In Europe's Troubles
(By Associated Collegiate Press) Always a wflrld hotbed, Europe’s Balkan stat^ again are claiming major attention from observers of the titanic struggle between Ger-
many and the allies.
American college writers are indulging in varied speculation as to the role the Balkans are likely to play in the far-flung conflict, and the tone of their writings seems to indicate the belief that this role will be of a major nature. The Daily Illini at the University of Illinois feels that “to a great measure, failure of the Balkan nations to form at least a tightlyknit neutral bloc has caused the allied powers’ statesmen some sleepless nights. It means that the Balkans, singly, are still weak enough to encourage German or Russian aggression. The Belgrade conference of 1940 might conceivably come to mean the first American troopship of 1942 or 1943. For thus do wars flourish, and while this conflict did not have its origin in southeastern Europe, the Balkan states have not yet lost their peculiar power to direct its course.”
Balkan Unity
A contrasting view, based on optimism for the possibility of Balkan unity, is expressed by the Daily Orange at Syracuse University. Say the Orange, “Long time hot bed of war and international intrigue, the Balkans, fiery little nations whose history reads like a wild west yarn, have allowed the coals to die down and have started to freeze into a ‘common 'vigil’ to protect the independence and territorial integrity of each other. This solidarity move is the most important decision in the present diplomatic war outside of the German-Russian treaty which astounded the world. It definitely announces that the four nations, Rumania, Greece, Turkey, and Yugoslavia, are going to
remain neutral in this present con-
flict as long as possible.
“Comprising their national interests in time of possible invasion has solidified the desire to keep free from war. Although they have not solved all the issues which have split them into armed camps for years, this conciliatory attitude is the one bright spot in the war picture. Bfeybe the Balkans have learned*^from ^ bitter experience. Maybe somebody’s told them of that bit of Americana which reads, ‘United we stand,,divided we fall’.”
Southwestern Opinion
Southwestern opinion, as expressed by the Daily Texan at the University of Texas, is that “the key to Europe’s future may lie in the Balkans. As Captain J. H. Craige says, ‘All through history it has been easy to stai-t wars in the Balkans, hard to stop them.’ “If the Balkan states could get together and form a cohesive neutral bloc,” speculates the Texan, “their chance of being invaded would be small. They would have an army of close to 2,000,000 first line troops, adequately equipped and backed by a sizable air force. But the Balkans are a crazy-quilt of mixed unfriendly nationalities. Never in history have they been able to work cooperatively, or to adjust their opposed and divergent ambitions and policies. If this war is to become a real world war, most authorities think the startihg point will be the Balkans, birthplace of many a devastating war of the
past.”
Pei haps mirroring the uncertainty 6f the war itself, undergraduate opinion is diverse. But events of recent days have revived the feeling that the Balkans will eventually write a vital war chapter.PUBD0E EXPONENT
Tuesday^ May 21. 1940
Jinudi^ Jalk
Campus Visitors . . . have become more numerous with the advent of warmer weather. Particularly on Sunday afternoons do we find a great many parents here for a short visit with their son or daughter. And among the first questions that they ask is “Where is the New Music Hall?” and “Can we see the inside?” Unfortunately John and Mary Purdue must reply that the new building is not open for inspection or if they are not aware of this they may spend an hour’s time finding it. The parents, who have been pepped up for the occasion by enthusiastic letters from their offspring, are doomed to disappointment. We don’t have to mention how proud the students are of the Music Hall. The large number who have turned out to every event held there so far attest to this. It seems a shame that our parents cannot also share in this pleasure. But the greater portion of the parents will not get to see the inside of the Music Hall more than once during the four years their son or daughter is in school here. Aside from its utilitarian purpose as a hall of music and an auditorium. Music Hall in its architecture symbolizes to us the very spirit of Purdue. Its massiveness, the result of man’s technical skill, its straightforwardness and simplicity, symb^olic of the scientific attitude, and its combination of utility and beauty, the mark of efficiency, are typical of what we know to be Purdue. We realize that it costs money to keep the inside of the Music Hall clean and that it’s pretty hard to keep it clean with a couple hundred people wandering through it but it seems to us that it could be opened for an hour or two on Sunday afternoons for visitors’ inspection. If several guides were present we are sure no harm could be done and the good will derived from the practice would be immeasurable. We suggest that NYA help might be used for this purpose. —R. W. D.
Presbyterian Church Opens New Foundation Last Sunday the new Westminster Foundation Church and Student Center, locater at the corner of North and Grant Streets, held its first services. The building, started last fall, is not yet completely furnished and will not be formally opened until next September. It is of Georgian architecture and has been designed as the first unit of a larger building to be erected at some future date. The Foundation, a branch of the Prdsb3d;erian Church, has been directed by Reverend John W. Findley since its beginning in 1919. The function of the Foundation in the past has been to provide a place for the development of the religious and social background of the students. With this new structure, including classrooms, assembly and recreation rooms, a dining room and kitchen, and a chapel capable of seating 350 people, the Foundation will be able to sponsor programs of a religious and social nature that should add a significant element to the environment of each student who frequents the Foundation,
Tests for tuberculosis will be administered to all students entering City College of New York next semester.
Fashion Notes By Mary Kay What will the well-dressed co-ed and ed wear during finals ? —^fn— We’ll see pigtails tied with gay ribbons (this is the hairstyle which takes the minimum amount of time and looks kinda cute on some gals), single halo effect rolls,pageboys and all the other simple hair styles. For men the most favorable style is that of the crew hair cut. Some eds find it more comfortable to leave their hair uncut and some of them go so far as to leave the face unshaven. —fn— For costumes, wise co-eds choose slacks suits, combinations of play suits with matching and contrasting skirts, little wash dresses of rayons and cottons, and light wool skirts with sheer blouses or sweaters. The eo-ed wears these to study in, to relax in and to wear to that fateful building to dash off three hours of goo on one of the enumerable finals. —fn— Eds get out those attractive and comfortable sport shirts (which 'require no tie) and matching slacks or the most comfortable pair of trousers they own. T-shirts are much in evidence in campus during this seige. For study in the chapter houses and other places of residence the men choose (I presume, and if they don’t it might bear thinkin about) shorts of every kind and description and some even ignore the dressing rule and remain in their pjs while cramming. —fn— When the time comes for a little relaxing and forgetting between the forbidable finals, eds and coeds change as if by magic. Eds appear in dressier sport shirts, sport coats and a well pressed pair of slacks. Co-eds come out looking fresh' and unworn (how they work this miracle is still and always will be a mystery to the ds), in sheer silks and rayons, dressy cottons in prints, plaids, stripes and pastel plan colors. Spectator pumps and pastel felt hats are seen everywhere. —fn— During finals comfort is the primary factor because one can’t be ill at ease and absorb a lot of knowledge at the same time. Wear what you will while studying and taking the finals, but when you go out with the gang or the one and only, change into something comfortable yes, but attractive also. If you look fine, cool, collected and relaxed you will be thus. You know the saying “As you look so you feel” or something like that.
Herzberg Opens New Lecture Series Today Professor Gerhard Herzberg of the University of Saskatchewan will present his first in a series of lectures on molecular spectra and structure tonight in the lecture room in the Physics building. The series will carry on every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 4 p.m. for the next three weeks. Also on Tuesday and Thursday evenings at 7:30 Professor Herzberg will hold seminars on special topics in molecular structure. The regular lectures will be on the subject of the systematics of diatomic and polyatomic spectra and their applications to fundamental problems in physics and chemistry.
If you are at loss as to what will be worn during finals maybe this will give you some idea. Comfort is the outstanding theme so choose the thing most comfortable for you and forget about what is considered fashionable. College students set the fashions anyway so set yourself some new f^^ions. Luck to you all in your finals and stuff.
Motices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. AH Seniors: Who have accepted jobs are requested to advise the Personnel Service immediately (Phone 3406). In all fairness to classmates who are seeking employment, the senior who has a job should withdraw his name from the list of those desiring recommendations. —WALTERS.
Husbands--Dead Or Alive In a poll conducted recently by Williams college men some very intriguing information was uncovered anent college women’s disposal of their husbands in case the U. S. becomes involved ^in Europe’s war. Smith girls were faced with the question, “If it were a matter of choice would you rather have your husband imprisoned for conscientious objection or be killed in Europe?” Smith girls, no more sav-age-looking than those of any other school, had their surface scratched, showed their true colors by voting for a dead husband. This surprising action brings to mind those women during the last war who, safe in London, prowled the sidewalks pinning white feathers indiscriminately on men in mufti, trying to shame them into the army. Not at all rare were injured veterans home from the front who were publicly decorated. Those grevious errors bothered Britain’s ghoulish girls not in the least. They went their merry way with turkey quills, shaming men, often unfit, more often honest objectors, into the trenches and on into muddy graves. Possibly Smith girls would never go as far as feathers, but they are sisters of those who would. / Their comment that they would “prefer a dead hero to a live objector” is naive, to say the least. Can it be that Smith girls believe that men who march away from home to fight in modern wars go without fear ? The husbands Smith girls get will be just as frightened facing bayonets as those of any other girls. Fear of being afraid drives most modern “heroes” to their beds of barbed wire and blood. Fear of being thought afraid by their college-educated wives will, if by catastrophic circumstance, America becomes involved in the war, drive a man who married a Smith girl to a “hero’s” grave. To men, standing today in the shadow of war. Smith opinion must be encouraging. To those who want a fight it probably won’t make much difference. They can go ahead, pick a wife at Smith and march away, confident that the girl they left behind will bring up the baby on a balanced diet of war talk and martial music to the full and final realization that his old man was a hero. But to those who want no part of a fight, not because they are cowards but because they honestly object to carrying a gun in Europe, must hestitate when they learn that Smith girls would
Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second elaea auttter at tlia peat offiea la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conta'cea of March t, 1879, and at the special rate of postaee provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday duriuK the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail aubBcription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief K. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. * Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers , Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R M, Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor . . Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor . . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y.
rather read their names on a casualty list than see then for twenty minutes every other Tuesday on the other side of a grating in the federal pen. To them, perhaps, a glance towards Poughkeepsie, New York, would be more comforting. There, in the self-same poll, Vassar girls voted that they’d prefer a husband all in one piece, convictions and all, to the memory of one who marched away. The question arises as to why the girls at these two institutions, all with approximately the same backgrounds, should take opposite stands on the ultimate disposal of their husbands if war comes. If the poll results circulate widely enough the marriage market at Vassar should boom, that of Smith slump with every disquieting rumor from abroad. —Varsity Magazine, May 13, 1940.
Ceres: Regular meeting Tuesday night. May 21, at the home of Prof. Robbins at 7 p.m. All members meet in the old Agriculturist office at 6:45 p.m. to divide transportatioh. —BRUNK.
Summer Session Students: All students planning to attend summer session are requested to file the special summer session application with the office of the Director of Admissions immediately. —DAMMON.
tration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —R. B. STONE. REGISTRAR.
Members of Campus Musical Organizations: Annual banquet Tuesday night. May 21. Be at Fowler Hall at six if you want a ride. —STEWART.
Purdue Student Alliance: Important meeting tonight in room 305 in the Union at 8 p.m. Next year’s program and policies will be discussed. —SMULEVITZ.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election of officers at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 21, in East Reception room of the Union instead of 7 p.m. as previously announced. —KEEN.
Modern Dance Groupe: All participants at Jeff high school be at rehearsal Tuesday, May 21, at 7 p.m. —HICKMAN.
Purdue Religious Council: Last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22, in room 68 of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —MANAGERS. Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21. We will leave from in front of the EE building at 4:20 p.m. Make reservations with me by Monday, May 20. Those who have cars let me know when making reservations. Phone 71334. —PITCHER.
Co-ops: Regular SC A board mating will be held Tuesday night, May 21, at 7 :30 p.m. in SCA room of the Union. —BROWN.
Debris Workers: The truck will arrive at 3:00 p.m. with 600 more Debris. All men possible please be present. We will need no help till then. —VAN HORN.
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 25. Meet in front of Union at 1:30 p.m. to arrange transportation. —DUCKWORTH.
PIA Dance Class: Last class Wednesday. May 22, at 7:15 p.m. in south ballroom. Co-eds invited. May have orchestra. —TRUEBLOOD.
Freshman Union Workers: Please report at the Union office at 4 p.m. this afternoon. —CARPENTER.
Co-ed All Star Baseball: Gold and Black teams play at 4:30 Tuesday, May 21. Gold team: Westaner, Ehoff, Ford, Cooper, Thomas, Kirkhoff, Steigerwald, Cox, Mennan, Ward, and Van Nice. Black: Walker, Schroder, Pidgean, Blagiax, Nutszer, I. Walker, Weishaar, Harrison, Cook, Laswell, Van Sickle. —PIDGEON.
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (6-28)
AIChE: Meeting for election of officers will be held Tuesday, May 21, at 4 p.m., in lecture room of Chemical Enginering building. Be there I (5-21) —MEYERS.
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or _ optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngmeeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (6-28)
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting on 'Tuesday, May 21, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 212 of the Union. Election of officers and final discussion of award winners. --TERRIO.
DPK: Spring picnic Wednesday, May 22. All members meet in front of Education Building at 5 pm. Picnic to be held at WAA cabin. Will be through by 7:30. —OSWALT.
AIChE: Meeting for the election of officers will be held Tuesday, May 21. at 4 p.m , in lecture room of Chemical Engineering building. Be there. —MYERS.
Skull and Crescent Pledges and Actives: Initiation Thursday night. May 24. Meet in fiont of the ME building at 6 p.m. Banquet following. —GIMLIN.
Lutheran Students: The banquet, originally scheduled for Tuesday, will be held Thursday, May 23, at Ford Hopkins, 6 ;30 p.m (5-23) CHARLES N. HALL.
Purdue Religious Council: The last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22, in room 58 of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —MARQUIS.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Initiation fee prerequisite for initiation. See Jim Chase at SPE house before Thursday. —CHASE.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election of officers Tuesday, May 21, at 7 p.m. in east reception room of Union. —KEEN.
Scabbard and Blade; Meeting on Thursday, May 23, at 7:30 p.m. in room 356 in the Union. —MEESE.
Classified Ads
fOS SALS FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines aa low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
For Sale: A good drug store doing an excellent paying business in a good Ohio city. Goris-Hockema Realty Co., 411 Ferry St., Lafayette, Ind.
ASME: Officers meet in Prof. Copei’s office at 4 p.m. Tuesday, May 21. —PEPPLER.
Senior Military: Seniors to whom the oath of office for commission will be administered at Graduation Exercises will please meet in the Music Hall at 4 :00 p.m. Tuesday, May 21. Use the doois on south side of building. —PICKERING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, May 21, at 7:30 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. —Kl^IPP. MT 8, Military Second Year Advanced Course: Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday, May 22. —THOMPSON
Military: Corps day formations Tuesday May 21, and Thursday, May 23, will be for seniors only. Seniors assemble in room 103 on their respective Corps Day. Uniforms not required. —PICKERING.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11, are requested to make application, before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at regis-
Engineer Workers: Staff members must attend staff meeting Tuesday, May 21, at 4 ;15 p.m. —GALE.
For Sale: 1928 Sport Deluxe Buick Cpe., good tires, good running condition. See this before buying. Address 808^4 Highland. Phone 7706.
Newman Club: Old and new officers meet in room 302 of the Union Wednesday at 4 :45 p.m. —LUERS.
itmtau TODAY - WEDNESDAY
IKE till
TODAY - WEDNESDAY HACK/ BEI^NY
For Sale: Underwood typewriter for sale. Like new, bargain if taken at once for cash. Write immediately Box 225, Purdue Exponent; c /o Circulation.
FOE RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644. Wanted—2 men students for large downstairs room for September. $22.60 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton. For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2148.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 22, at 7:80 p.m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN. Cyclists Attention: Organization meeting of the Purdue Wheelmen Wednesday at 7 :30 p.m. in room 328 of the Union. All cyclists invited. -VANDERBILT. Exponent Staff: There will be papers during finals requiring work on the nights of May 27 and 29, and June 1, 3, and 6. Turn in final schedules and night preferences immediately. —HEIPLE.
TODAY - TOMORROW —2 ^IRST RUN HITS— A New High in Mountain Rhythm and Comedyl
Summer Student roonrib $6 month, single bedh 227 Wood St. Phone 61204.Tuesday, May 21. 1940
PDRDUE exponent
DePauw Downs Riveters After Bitter Struggle, 5-4 In a hotly contested tennis match on the Riveter courts yesterday afternoon, the DePauw netmen nipped Coach Larry LaBree’s Boilermakers by a 5-4 score. Seven of the nine matches were played in extra sets. The match served as a final tune-up for the Indiana state championships, which will be held Thursday on the Riveter courts located north of the Fieldhouse. Sharing top honors for the Boil- .
ermaker squad, Bob Anderson and Lucht each won a singles match and then combined to give the Riveters their only win of the three doubles matches. Herb Fuente, Riveter No. 1 man, found the swift returns of DePauw’s top man, Hanna, almost unmanag^ble and dropped successive sets, 6-2 and 6-1. Notre Dame rules as a heavy favorite for the state collegiate title in the state tourney, which starts Thursday. The Irish entries include both the defending singles champion and runner-up. Other entries have already been received to date from Indiana a'nd Purdue, and Coach Larry LaBree expects additional entries before the deadline. The complete summary of the DePauw match is as follows: Hanna (D) defeated Fuente (P), 6-2, 6-1; Sauder (D) defeated Hebbeler (P), 1-6, 6-'4, 6-4; Anderson (P) defeated Spear ^(D), 4-6, 7-5, 6-3; Richards (P) defeated Marsh (D), 6-4, 6-1; Lucht (P) defeated Sculley (D), 6-3, 1-6, 6-3; Rich (D) defeated Berg (P), 6-8, 6-0, 6-4. In doubles, Hanna and Sauder (D) defeated Fuente and Hebbeler (P), 2-6, 6-2, 6-2; Anderson and Lucht (P) defeated Spear and Rich (D), 3-6, 6-4, 6-3; Marsh and Sculley (D) defeated Berg and Miehaus (P), 6-2, 6-8, 6-2.
Two hamburger shops on the University of Minnesota campus served up 642,000 hamburgers last year.
Bennett College for Negro women, Greensboro, N. C., received gifts totaling $445,000 in the last year.
The Tops m Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
e Professional
"DEAC" Everything for e College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Gr Mam Phone 5701
e Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4?65
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main St. j Phone 2777
e FloHst'S
DR. C. E. SURRATT
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
522 Main St. Phone 4781 Lafayette, Indiana
e Dine
e Tailor
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
e Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Fraternities Close Track Meet Today Incompleted last week because of rainy weather, the fraternity track meet will be concluded today in Ross-Ade Stadium. With Kappa Sigma fraternity leading at the half-way mark, closely pursued by Beta Theta Pi, the last leg of the
Riveters Play Butler Today
meet is certain to be a bitter struggle. The following ten events will be run off today: half mile, javelin, broad jump, high jump, 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, and a relay race in which each man must run 110 yards.
Football Manager Board Selects Juniors For'40-41 William S. Campbell and Harold M. Swank were chosen for the posts of junior varsity football managers yesterday by the Manager’s board. Campbell is a sophomore in the Chemistry school. He is from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and is a member of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. Swank is from Fort Wayne, Indiana, and is a sophomore in Public Service Engineering and a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. W. S. Maierhoffer Was chosen alternate junior manager. He is from Ottawa, Illinois, and is a sophomore in engineering law and a member of Sigma Chi fraternity. These junior managers will assist the seniors through the season and then will automaljjSally become senior managers. Sophomores elected from the freshman staff are: Marshall Beck, Wirt Farley, Dave Sayles, Bob Moirison, Lyman Shepard, Bud Sunderland, Morton Stouroff, and Gene Wiley.
Jhi& dhiAhmanA dJUuMOJU By Joseph Patrick Dolan
And here embarks just another sports writer who will endeavor to pound out daily copy lor his sports page. Where to begin has me stumped, as I feel a bit hollow in trying to fill such a competent writer’s shoes as Bob Deckard’s. If I can’t find enough copy around this institution, it’ll not be the school’s fault, because with an athletic plant as Ve’ve got here, a sportswriter is as much at home as a EE in General Electric or an ME in the Baldwin Locomotive works.
—I-I—
Starting a new spoits column hasn’t worried me half as much as filling the place held so enthusiastically and thoroughly as the position of sports editor of this paper was filled this past school year by Rolfe Jenkins. “Jenks,” as I call him, was Purdue’s twelfth man in football, sixth in basketball, and tenth in baseball; when Purdue was defeated or victorious, “Jenks” shared the gloom or joy of our athletes. There’s a paramount feature of “Jenk’s” makq-up, one I’ve never observed in another sports writer—if “Jenks” couldn’t write something laudable about a Purdue athlete, he wouldn’t write. There’s “Jenks” for ya, he forgot the derrogatory information about ball players. I hope association with a fellow of Jenkin’s caliber has instilled in this writer the identical golden rule theory mentioned above. Thanx, red-head.
—I-I—
Contributions, always the light of a sports column will be more than welcome in this corner. I don’t care in what manner a contribution is written nor upon what subject whether it be golf, ping-pong, or decktennis, I’ll be glad to “run” it. Your comments won’t go unnoticed in this mass of lead.
_I.I__
I’ve always wanted to write the sports section for the Exponent, not since I came to Purdue, but since I was knee-high and selling football extras after the Boilermaker grid encounters. I’ll never forget those old football games played in young Ross-Ade Stadium when I was a kid. The seats in the north end curve were nothing but cinders to sit upon; it reminded one of agriculture on a mountain side, you know, that terrace stuff the ags read about.
—I-I—
Those were the days when the gang I ran around with couldn’t raise two bits between us for admission to the contest, and if we did, two of us would go to the old “Bucket of Blood” theater and let the rest of the mob in the side entrance.
—I-I—
To get back to old football games. I used to enter the stadium about seven in the morning of the game, hide underneath the press box until after the kickoff, then rush out to find a vacant seat and spend the afternoon moving according to the wishes of the ushers. But I saw the games. Next year I’ll be sitting in that press box writing about the finest bunch of future citizens and citizen molders in the country. Noble Kizer and his staff and our own athletes, the finest classmates that I ever want to be assembled with.
—I-I—
Sitting in a Purdue press-box. I’ll also be in a position to write about Purdue’s No. 1 fan. Dr. Edward C. Elliott, one leader of college men and women who knows and appreciates the contribution of intercollegiate athletics to the undergraduate and alumni. Thank God for such men as Elliott and Kizer, they’ll go to hat for a fellow any time. ’Til tomorrow, it’s “30.”
Presenting... MINO “BREEX”* BY MUHSINGWEAR! Mino “breex” are the new munsingwear woven shorts...the most comfortable shorts we’ve ever seen! Extra roomy seamless seat, full cut on the bias to prevent creeping and crawling..jio binding, no buttons or fasteners! See them today*
lUNO “BRBEX WOVEN SHORTS
50c
J^cseilA.
Mens Purnishtngs
Street Floor
Return From Capital For Two Illinois Wesleyan Tilts Here Friday, Saturday Last week’s double header with Michigan wrote finis to Boilermaker baseball struggles in the Western Conference, but Dutch Fehring’s men still have three games to play before the curtain descends upon another diamond campaign. Today finds the Riveters in Indianapolis, where they encounter the Bulldogs
of Butler.
Dutch was hitting flies to the outfielders with a fungo yesterday afternoon, but paused to say that either Emmert or Higgins would handle the mound chores, with the latter probably getting the starting assignment. Then he added, “Andbelieve me, I certainly hope this fine weather stays with us.” “Illinois Wesleyan moves into the Riveter field Friday for a two-game series, which concludes the season for the Gold and Black. Northwestern Almost In Judging by the pi-esent standings in the Big 9%, the Wildcats of Northwestern give every indication that they will be upsetting the preseason dope at the conference baseball outcome. The sluggers from Evanston registered consecutive victories, their seventh and eighth, in conquering Wisconsin’s Badgers, 10-9, and 7 to 1, over the week-end. These twin triumphs established the Cats at the top of the heap and all but assured them of at least a tie. If they can sweep a two game series with Ohio State’s hapless Buckeyes, the undisputed conference crown will be theirs; however, should they lose even one of those contests, a tie is the best they can hope to achieve. Two Others Have Chance There is ample opportunity for Illinois or Michigan to sneak into thd'dead; nevertheless, one thing is assured — that the conference will have a new champion. The Iowa Hawkeyes, who for two years have dominated the field, are definitely ' out of the running. The Suckers and the Wolverines will oppose each other in what promises to be a very crucial game. If either team Should lose, it would automatically relinquish all claims on the title. On the other hand, neither can win if Northwestern should take the twin-bill with Ohio
State.
14 Make Trip The following men will make the trip to Butler, leaving the fieldhouse at 12:30 today: Doherty, Emmert, Higgins, Fisher, Hearne, McFerren, Mackiewicz, Mitchell, Vernon, Stamm, Smithson, Wargo, Waterhouse, and Young. Opposing the frosh today on RossAde field, the following varsity reserves will see action: Rawles, 3b; Correll, ss; Ridgway, lb; Yeager, c; Danowski, rf; Cooper, If; Keene, 2b; Beaty, cf; Bailey, p (six innings), Fi'eiheiT, p (three innings).
Frosh Diamondmen Meet Varsity Subs In Season's Closer With only a few nights of practice left, the freshman baseball squad is putting out their best in this last week of strenuous drill. The crack of bat against ball and the incessant chatter of a lively infield can be heard three blocks
away.
Under the tutelage of “Pop” Doan, the frosh are presenting a formidable line-up as they work out at the north end of the intramural field, and many of the boys are showing such a natural ability that as sophomores they should offer plenty in the way of competition to next year’s varsity. Varsity Leaders Graduate Graduation of Mackiewicz, Vernon, Hearne, and others will leave gaps in next year’s varsity lineup, and competition for these positions will put the pressure on this year’s freshman. If they come through and live up to the standards set up by previous squads, a run of successful seasons can be prophesied. A poor season can many times be blamed upon a poor freshman squad of a few years previous. However, from the ability and spirit shown by this year’s squad the Boilermaker fans haven’t anything to
worry about.
The spark plug of the squad is a five foot stick of dynamite named Carl Potenza. Singling him out from the nine players on the diamond is the easiest job imaginable. Just look in the direction of second base and focus your eyes on the stumpy figure cavorting around the edge of the outfield grass. Lots of Chatter A verbal torrent is probably pouring from his mouth 'as he urges his team on to bigger things, razzes the batter, and talks to himself. Carl isn’t all noise either because he is a second baseman of first class
ability.
A game with the varsity reserves is scheduled for this afternoon, and with the exception of the Illinois Wesleyan games here Friday and Saturday, this game will be the last chance to see baseball on the Riveter campus. Boilermakers Drill For Big Ten Cinder Meet This Weekend With the dual meet season brought to a close last Saturday when the Boilermakers were subdued by Marquette, 87-44, Coach 'Hermon Phillips is pointing his cindermen toward the Big Ten track and field championships held in Northwestern’s Dyche stadium this week-end. Since Michigan swept through the conference indoor meet last winter it was the seventh consecutive time they had outclassed the field, they have been generally conceded as having the inside track toward the outdoor title. In the outdoor classic last year the Wol/verines tallied 64% points while Wisconsin scored 46% points, and Indiana, finishing third, produced 28% points. Indiana Will Strike With Capt. Ralph Schwarzkopf, Wolverine flying two-miler listed as a doubtful starter, Indiana’s twin stars, Kane and Cochrane, may be able to propell the Hoosiers within striking distance of the dangerous Michigan squad. Indiana, the team which placed second to Michigan in this year’s indoor meet, is credited with having the best chance of upsfetting the title-defenders. Leading Boilermaker contenders are Holdermap, Weber, Shackleton,
CONFERENCE STANDINGS
Team
W
L
Pet.
Northwestern ....
. . 8
2
.800
Illinois
9
3
.750
Michigan .
7
3
.700
Iowa
6
3
.667
Minnesota
4
2
.667
Wisconsin
5
7
.417
Indiana
3
5
.375
Ohio State
2
4
.333
Purdue
2
7
.222
Chicago
1
11
.083
IM Schedules
TENNIS 4 :16—Tuesday, May 21 Doubles— Class A: Alpha Tau Omega or Sigma Chi vs Phi Delta Theta Class B: Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Sigma Class B: Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Chi Rho Baughman vs Deutman or Van Camp Armstrong or Mees vs Shafer or Stettner BASEBALL, Tuesday, May 21 Diamond 9 Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Khppa Alpha or Alpha Tau Omega—Umpire, J. Benna
and Tycocki. Holderman, who has stepped the mile in faster time the winning mark last year, is expected to grab some points for the Boilermaker total. Weber’s best mark this season falls three feet shy of Watson’s winning heave in the shot put last year. Shackleton will be lined up against two of the nation’s best quarter-milers, Michigan’s Breidenhach, who won in 47.6 seconds, and Indiana’s Cochrane, who now holds the world indoor record for the distance.f i
0
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# May 21, 1940
C. Henry Will Address Distribution Classes Claience Heniy, Public Relations Managrei of the Chicago Board of tiadc, ^■^lll delivei a senes of lecture<5 to the classes in Distiibution MondaA, discussing the economic pioblems involved Heniv will talk to the classes in Industrial Distribution, GE 151, in room 306 of Heavilon Hall at 8 a m , and Industrial Disti ibution, GE 105 at 9 a m today Having spent several yeais in extension woik here, Henry is well knoAMi about the campus His present voik at the Board of Trade bllng'^ him into intimate contact vith all the pioblems involved m the distribution of basic raw materials, both for industry and for agiiculture. Visitors are invited to attend either meeting 'Sweethearts' Cast Members Named On George Ade Plaque ( A tea dance and bulfet supper weie anen yesteiday evening from four to seven o’clock in the reception 1 oom and south ballroom of the Union for the entire cast and staff of this j ear’s all campus production, ‘ Sv eethearts ” The George Ade Plaque will be engiaved with the names of the six membeis exhibiting the best perfoimances and showing the most development during the progress of the «how Fust used last year, the plaque avaided similar recognition to six membeis of last year’s all campus show Names placed on the plaque this rear are those of Mary Johnston, Rosemaiy Robinson (accompanist), Marge Williamson, Benny Burn'S, Bob Fulton, and Chuck Hart Frosh Scholastic Honorary Initiates 16 Pledges, Elects Officers; Wayne, President Initiation into Alpha Lambda Delta, national freshman women’s scholastic honorary, followed by the election of officers for the comrng year vas held m Room 304 of the Union at 8 am, Sunday Those initiated were^ Alice Altheir, Dorothy Arvidson, Clara Jane Ballard, Marjorie Ann Bollman Dons Bower, Roberta Buechele, Mary S Johnson, Dons Muth, Maltha McHaffie, Bonnie McPherson Janet Rossell, Helen Shickler, Phyllis Scholl, Martha Jane Tros, Faith Wayne, Marian Widmer. New officers are Faith Wayne, piesident, Marjorie Bollman, vicepresident, Clara Jane Ballard, secretary, and Dons Bower, treasurer. Breakfast for the new initiates was served m the Chestnut Room WSGA Closes Counselor Meeting Series Today WSGA will have then last compulsory meeting for prospective counselors this afternoon at 5 00 in the Women’s lounge of the Union Dean Dorothy Stratton will be the guest speaker All new prospective counselors for next semester must have their mtei views by Tuesday at 5 00
WBAA TUESDAY 11 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—Sam Hamilton 11 30—Home Makers 11 50—Purdue News 12 00—Russ Graefnita—pianist 12 15—Noon Melodies 12 30—Meet the Band 12 45—Markets 1 00—Town Cnei 1 15—Electrical Shops 1 30—Music ot the Aitists 1 45—Monitoi Views the News 2 00—Conceit Review 2 16—Magic Carpet 2 SO—Parent Forum 2 45—Treasuie Chest 3 00—Lest We Forget 3 30—Glenn Paxton 4 00—Petite Musical 4 16—Exponent of the Air 4 45—Story Book Hour
6K1H AND BEAR IT
By Udify $q j 5^2 tO judy - -
We got a girl Her name is Judy Now Judy’s not so bad to look at but boy is she plenty stubborn. We argue about all kinds of stuff She can be outshouted. But not convinced. * Fust it was fingernail polish She was experimenting If she didn’t have them colored bright red, they were blue, or green Looked like a bad case of the jaundice She said we were just narrow minded. * * * From that it led to hats. When we think of them we shudder Then last week it was the war. We says to each other Quote. look judy 1 said last night when the show was over look 1 think that there are two sides to this war you're crazy judy said those darn germans are cruel and heartless far be it from me 1 sard
Foidham University will award 20 special scholarships in connection with its centenary
‘Magnolia, did you borrow my copy of ‘Theorems of Integral Calculus’ by any chance?”
Triangles Are Guests Of Alumni At Picnic More than 100 alumni and active members of the Triangle fiaternity attended their annual picnic at Ross Camp Sunday Local committees m chai ge of the picnic were Mi and Mis I D Mayer, general arrangements, Mr and Mrs Floyd Wymei, dinner. Dean and, Mrs W A Knapp, hospitality, and Mr and Mrs Merle M McClure, invitations
Sigma Phi Epsilon . . won the lecent inter-fiatern-ity aicheiy tournament with a team total of 357 points Placing second. Pi Kappa Phi amassed 332 points Highest individual scorer of the tourney was George Bennett, Pi Kappa Phi, who scored 240 points out of a possible 270 Next below Bennett was Petty, Sigma Phi Ep■^ilon, with 185 points Tied foi third honors were Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma and Wray, of Sigma Phi Epsilon, who accounted for 172 points each
Your Clothes Are Entitled to This Protection! All wool garments Crown Cleaned are moth proofed at the same operation by Monite moth proof process. They are insured against moth damage for 6 months or until eleatied again. Crown hmma ri J!LJE C J. E A N E R F FINE CLOTHES
CHESTERFIELD
GIVES YOU A
/
Better-Tasting Definitely Milder Smoke The one aim of Chesterfield is to give you more smoking pleasure. And no cigarette gives smokers such complete smoking enjoyment as you get from Chesterfield, with its Definitely Milder, Cooler, Better Taste. The best cigarette tobaccos that grow in Tobaccoland^ U.S.A. and in far-away Turkey and Greece are combined right in Chesterfield to give smokers everything they could ask for. If you want real smoking satisfaction ... make your next pack Chesterfield.
POLEY McCLINTOCK and DONNA DAE are i two of the busiest stars on Fred Woring's Chesterfield PLEASURE TIME broadcasts
csteriic AMERICANS BUSIEST CIGARETTE
to contradict you j’udy but people live in germany and you’d run quick like a mouse to claw the eyes out of someone if you were slightly oh so slightly hungry you’ve always had food and soap and maybe even enough money to go to a show once in a while you don’t know anything about it well we argued for fifteen minutes and then 1 silenced judy the girl still thinks the english are entirely light and the germans entirely wrong Unquote * * * With the war going on and the Republican national convention only three weeks off, we heard of a new presidential candidate. He is backed by the munitions makers and is running under the slogan: “I’ll have the boys in the trenches by Thanksgiving ” Whenever that is.
Copyntht 1940 Liocett & Myers TObacco Co