jj fiiiU^
%
U^skome, J'M&hnmi.
EXPONENT EDITOR Asks Student Support In First Page Editohal
Established 1889
xpoHem I Daily Sine* 1906
BOOK EXCHAN^« ^ Will Open Tenth Seadd^r at In Union This A^rrtin^ ^
Mri&r ^
Volume 53# No. 185
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 5,
First Summer Convocation / Will Feature Grace Moore
Stalling in the fiist of the senes of convocations to be presented during the summei teim, Giace Mooie, singer of opeia, conceit, and movie fame, will appear in the Music Hall Satuiday night at 7 30 Popular aitist in this countiy and lecipient of eleven decoiations fiom othei nations all ovei the woild. Miss Moore’s climax of the piesent season was a tiail-blazing an plane conceit tom of Latin America, during which she tiav eled 60,000 miles and letuiped with the highest decoiations gianted by Mexico, Cuba, the Dominican Re public and Bia/il Royal Honors Hei collection of loyal honois in elude the King’s Medal, piesented by King Gustave of Sweden, a bai pin beai ing the loyal eiown ot Noiway in diamonds, the Royal Medal of Recompense from King Christian ot Donmaik, and the Ordei of Leopold tiom Belgium, in addition to the Cioss of the Legion of Honoi piescTiUd by the Fieneh Republic A caieei that began in 1029 with her debut at the Metiopolitan Opeia, followed by woik in mo tion pictuies, was picceded by Miss (See GRACE MOORE page 6)
Grace Moore
Students Get Ration Books Here Today All freshmen, new students and upperclassmen over 18 not living in a family unit must register and receive their ration books today at the tables located in the Aimoiy, or else apply foi them at Morton Grade school either tomonow oi Thuisday Since these books will latei be used foi lationing othei commodities than sugai, it is essential that each student receive hib to avoid inconvenience in the futui c All students undei 18 yeais of age aie urged to ad\ise then families to legistei foi them in then home town if they want to leceive then ration books It has been lequested that as many students as possible obtain then books fiom the booths at the Aimoiy in oidei to avoid confusion at the Moilon School when the townspeople legistei foi then lation books These booths aie being maintained by the Tippecanoe county lationing boaid as a convenience foi the student body so that theV may obtain then books while legisLeiing foi the coming teim These booths aie not a pait of the Univeisity legistiation so it is the 1 esponsibihty of the individual student to secuie his lation book
Commencement Features Induction Of 323 Senioris Into Army, Navy Services
Foul outstanding events diew the major shaie of the applause Sunday afternoon at the Univeisity’s sixty-eighth annual commencement exeicises Hand clapping was prolonged as 170 of the giaduating seniois, who will shortly be called to active duty, weie commissioned as Second Lieutenants in the Field Aitilleiy Officeis Reserve Coips by Col D M Beeie, commandant of the Puidue R 0 T C The same enthusiasm was evidenced as an additional group of 123 seniors weie swoin in as Ensigns in the U S Naval Reseive by Capt. J C Fremont, Director of the Office of Naval Officer Procurement, Ninth Naval Distiict, and 30 seniois were inducted as aviation cadets in the U S Naval Flying ’corps to form the second “Flying Boilermaker’’ squadron Degree Given 50 Years Late Applause continued as Egbert M Tingley, of Oak Park, 111, fifty years late, was awaided his degiee
as Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering as of June 8, 1892 Tingley’s degiee, which he had originally been scheduled to receive fifty years ago, was withheld at that time because he failed to attend the required Baccalaureate exercises It was a doubly big day for Ml Tingley, whose son, Egbert M, Jr , had received a degree in electrical engineering with the class of 1942 a few moments earlier Another high note was reached as SIX honorary degrees were conferred on distinguished Puidue graduates and former students, as follows Francis E Bibbins, Indianapolis, Doctor of Science, Roscoe Seybold, Pittsburgh, Pa, Doctor of Engineering, Burdette S Wright, BuflFalo, N Y, Doctor of Engineering, J Clyde Marquis, Washington, D C , Doctor ot Agriculture, John H Collier, Chicago, 111, Master of Industry, Kenneth C
Long, Dayton, Ohio, Master of Jli» dustry 956 BS Degrees Granted ^ President Edward C. Elliott called pointed attention to the wartime complexion of the commenedment exercises m a signed statement which accompanied each oile of the 956 Bachelor degrees wMclt he personally handed to each senior President Elliott’s statement read as follows “This is the tenth of the series of final messages I have presamed to prepare for those whose senidl^ days at Purdue have ended. 'F]^ facts of life begin as gnm gs are today, words are more than ever tricky and tincertain tools. “When you read these lines the degree you have sought and earned has been conferred You have re^ ceived your diploma, to have and to hold as evidence of your qualifications for membership in the company of those possessing a trained (See COMMENCEMENT page 5)
Spotts Honors Alumni Bandsmen
An Editorial . . .
Student Book Exchange To Start
At the annual banquet of the Univcisity Military Band held Fiiday evening at Lincoln Lodge, James Slayter, ’21, vicepresident of the Owens-Coining Fiber Glass Corp , and Edgar K Goss, ’20, Plant superintendent oi the Inidana Bell Telephone Company, were honored by being awarded membership keys in the “Knights of the Magic Wand,” an organization cieated to honor outstanding - ■ - —
bandsmen out of the University 20 years oi moie The sym bolic keys weie piesented by Di
icctoi Paul Spotts Emiick Both ot these men, who left the
Univeisity to serve in Woild War I and latei retuined to lective then aeademic degrees, deliveied shoit talks on then expeiiences m the band and in industrial and engi
iieei ing fields
Fenn Named Ranking Member
University Hnsical Groups Will Hold Tryouts Today At 1 Conceit Chon University Oi chestra Glee Club and University Chon, comprising the torn Uni
Bievot Capt P T Fenn, a son- oigani/ations, will 101, was honoied by being selectcd^®*^^ tiyouts this alteinoon from 1 as the ranking membei ot the band ^ in the Musie Hall Students and was piesented with a eup signi- i^poiting foi tiyouts will sin, oi lying the awaid Fenn and Inst ^ lecoiding maehine the
Seigeant R E Johnson leceived
the two band diplomas Johnson back seveial times as the neu mem Was piesented with a gilt from his being selceted fellow band officeis The tiyouts will be held for new Sgt J R Vyood of the band sang students and those who weie not the Loid’s Piayei, and Director members of one of the musieal oi Emiick spoke on the value of band ganizations last semestei I or the training in the student’s life Shoit fiist time, this year all old mem talks weie made by J T Agnew, beis automatically aie made mem T R Johnston, Di D D Ewing, beis ot the new oiganization Judge Lynn Paikmson, H G Reis The results fiom the Fred Wai nei and John T Lemon Lemon ing contest uhieh the Glee Club cn and Reisnei were honoied toi then teied have not been announced yet help in band piojects Aecoiding to A1 Stewait diieetoi Captain J E Cum, the new as of the oigani/alions the winneis sistant duectoi of the symphonic should be announced within a tew
(See BAND AWARDS page 5) days
Orchids Bloom In University Greenhouses Throughout Year
Orchids and ladies it tht Uni veisity go hand in hand and the Junioi Piom went lai to piove that oiehids aie becoming moic populri Back in 19J8 aecoiding to some ini item statistian, llnie weie twenty live oiehids at the Piom This yen saw the weakci stx blossom out with ovei thue him (lied A fiw o( the students iiound luie know that we have an enehul OI tv/o glowing in the Univeisity gieenhouses hut they [iioh ihly nevei saw them nen hotheied to linel emt anything ilienit Iheni lew ol them leili/e th it I he 01 chid see el takes two months to geiminate and the plants liom thiee to tiJteen jeais to elevilop into a flowei beat mg plant ( ommon Si/es The most common oiduels aie fiom thiee to tom inehes liom petal tip to petal tip, anel as they become smallei, they become laiei A small spiay about one or two inches wide is veiy unusual anel valuable
Piaclically my time you wisli you can see it least two oieliid ni lilooin it the Unive sil\ gieeii houses fie kinel vou will (ml i im liom the Inight yellow tvpe to the pm pit uiel will 1 m,^( ill i/e iny whete liom tin mthe down to the one Ol two me li spi lys
I ook 1 ike (<i iss
1 he two J e u old pi mts in ly seem the meisl umisu il lo you he eausc yon tint Ull lliein fiom thiel 1)1 ule sol i i 1 he y ii e gi eiwn III mil i n iil e i Itm e i loi ( eommoiily 1 iiown <is miles i ii e Lilt III e 1 he 1 ii j e i mot e m it in plants aie in luiliient olulimi (lit e)i in pots lilleel with osiiiimdLim MiUne id mts lu li oiil live tei eight inehes I ill with oee isnn il spikes pioieetm,., ten to twenty inehes above tlie plant these tow CIS will heal i hiiel i (lowu oi a
ell leel seed cap ule
Anytime between Pioms lint you would like to see in oiehid just icmemhei that the Univiisity gieciihousos aie open it all limes foi your eonvenienee
Elliott Speaks At Meeting Of New Students Univeisitv’s wai time summei teim, coming right on the heels ol Sunday’s commencement exeicises, was launched ycsteielay with up pel classmen stalling legisti itiqn while ippioximatcly 326 fieshmifm and new students atlerieleel an in tioductoiy convocation m Eiiza Fowler Hall The fiejshmen anel new students enteiing the University foi th’ first time were officially welcomed by Piesident E C Elliott following an inti ocluction by Tied Goldsmith assistant dean ot men Preliminaiy mstiuctions concerning legistiation weie piovided by Registiai R B Stone, and the neweomeis were also mtioeluced by Di Doiothy C Stratton dean of women A1 Stew ait gave the newcomers then fiist instructions in University songs Start Physical Exams The fieshmen physical examina tions weie launched yesterday, and the new class will foimally legistei tomonow along with the lemaindei of the uppoiclassmen Undci the acceleiated academic ealendai which places the Univei sity on a iwehe month basis foi the duiation summei term classes will stai t Wednesday to continue thiough August 22 The legistia tion foi the fall tei m will be held on August 31 and Septembei 1 2, with classes to stait Sept 3 Uiidci the new plan a student v\ho itionds eon',ecutive teiinS without a bi cak will be able to complete i iioimil loui yiai eoui'-'' in two veils and eight months. Coed Hours ( oed liouis loi Tuesday, May 5 will be It pm Stalling Wednes(I ij Maj () tlieiegulai houiswill Ik in (fieit (WS lUDKIAI BOARD Debris To Publish Book Next Winter Next DeiunlKi will bim„ to tlu I oil lion! tlu 66th eonseeutive is IK ot I be Univeisity yeaibook, III 1)1 is ’ w'hicb will 1)( imblishid ivciy two siinesUis loi the diiia
lion
Si VI 111 ehinges which will be m i(i( in the loithcoming Debus will include a puce change Liom i)4'ifi G> 1)160 and the elimination ol eeitain Jeituies which have not appialed to the students 'llie Debus IS on sale today at iigistia-
tioii
Three Times A Week Sale Of Used Texts Today
Starting Wednesday of this week the Exponent will depart fiom its traditional “Daily except Monday” publication schedule and publish only three times a week, Sunday, Wednesday and Friday When the first plan of Summer school was announced we had hoped to be able to publish as usual, but several conditions a^ose which caused us to change our plans The first of these was a Double that has increased steadily during the past se-
mester
As you may know, every newspaper and magazine is supported by advertising, little more than the cost of distribution IS paid for by the purchaser Well, with the war, came a huge decline in advertising A clothier didn’t care to advertise woolen goods when he had none to sell and was able to get none. Neither did a hardware man want to advertise wire and tool^ if the war prevented him from keeping them in stock Certainly no one wanted to advertise tires, golf balls or automobiles which had been rationed Newspapers cut the number of pages in their issues Magazines, such as the Saturday Evening Post increased prices, many of which had been the same for generations The Exponent, too telt the pinch The second reason for publishing less often is also economic The costs, for such things as printing Imd paper increased consideiably Lastly, the enrollment for the summer semester will be much smaller than we had hoped. These, combined, have forced us to cut our service in half. Our plans for the future are still vague During the last warthe Exponent had to suspend publication for a semester However, we hope to be able to return to six days a week this fall It has been said many times that this is your paper That it represents your ideas and opinions We have tried to make it do just that We will be able to successfully remain such and continue publication only if we receive your financial as well as moral support
Shorthorn Breeders Will Show Livestock In Contest Today Ten Indiana shoithoin bieedeis Will fiompete foi $500 in pi izes at the 2nd National Congiess ^.how and sale of polled shoithoin cattle which will hcgin at the Univeisity tomonow The two day meeting will he judged hy J R McCoikle, of Ohio State Univeisity The sale ot twenty six hulls and fifty one cows will hcgin the fiist day’s piogiam and will he lollowed hy a judging contest loi the wives and childicn ot the attending hiccdcis In the cvining theie will hi a dinnci in the 1 ovvli i Hotel foi
till hieedeis
Polled shoithoin e iLtle fiom Illi nois, Iowa, Missouii, lennessee, Ohio and Nehiaska will go on sah^ Wednesday The show will also include many educational featiuc)rinthei details eoneetning the meeting aie included in an illii, tiated booklet leady foi distiihu tion Pictuies of animals and infoi mation about then pedigiees aie
also included.
Coed Billiard Tourney
Opens Next Sunday
Campus coed billiaid contest, a pait of the national coed toiuna ment, will be held heie next Sun day undei the dneetion ot the Na-
tional Billiaid Association
Teams of five membois fiom each college will compete on the same day Then the lesiilts will be sent to a centially located point, which this yeai will he Cornell Uia veisity The winneis of the na tional contest will be awaided a tiophy, and the fust, second and thud place winneis of the local eon tests will be given suitable awaids
Whitney Will Coach (oeds
liank Whitney is eoaehin„ all the local coeds who want instiuc tion in the piojK,! way to play bil Raids Coeds inteiested in entei ing the loiiinament should go to
the billiaid loom m the Union
Peteison has sjionsoied similai contests since 1931 and has visited the campus once oi twice a veai * 101 the last 14 yeais loi "xlubition and instiuctional piogiam-- Mue'i of his time iS now spent m gi\ mg
exhibitions at the Aimy Camps
Selling of used text books will begin today at the Student Book Exchange located in the south ballloom of the Union The Exchange IS sponsoied by the Student Union as a non-piofit oiganization foi the benefit of the student body Books leceived at the exchange cannot be sold foi moie than 75 pel cent of the cost of the new text, and the person piesenting books for sale must show his passpoit fpi identification Receiving and selling will con tinue until Fiiday, May 16 Books may be bi ought to the exchange any time Juiing the sale, but it is advised that they be submitted as eaily as possible Money for books sold and texts not pin chased must be called foi not later than May 20 oi they will become the piopeity of the Student Union Those who aie leaving foi the summer may leceive then money by leaving a stamped, selfaddiessed envelope at the Exchange, and the money will be sent by money oidei, minus charges If the books aie not sold, they will be sent COD thiough paicel post
I
Exponent Staff Meeting of all junior and sophomore editorial men and coeds in the Exponent ’office Wednesday, May 6, at 4 p. m Attendance required, schedules for summer semester will be made ofit Call or see me in ad\ance if impossible to attend —ARMSTRONG Registration Will Continue In Armory Today Registiation ol students foi the summei teim began yesteiday moining in the Aimoiy and will continue today stalling at 8 a m Students who have been em oiled in the Unive^ity diuing the past semestei and have not been diopped will be adnutted to the Aimoiy upon piesentation ot then schedule eaids foi last semestei Students who weie not legisteied dining the last semestei ean leg istei aliti piesenting a peiimt fiom the Registiai’s oHiee, and the oiieiitation coupons will seive as a ticket foi new oi tiansfei students All old students, giadupte oi undei giaduale, and all new graduate students will legistei aecoiding to the hist lettei of then surnames, itgaidless ot any uinemoved C, D, Ol F glades on then leeoid oi if they aie on piobation Registiation will close at 4 p ni toelay and students may legistei (See REGISTRATION Page 2)
Summer Program Will Feature Seven Convocations Seven attractions to constiitifte the summei session convocation piogiam have been announced by Pi of J T Gunn, chairman of the University’s committee on lectures and convocations Giace Moore, singing star of stage and screen, will appear in tbe i Music Hall next Saturday; James R Young, former head of the ToMo bureau of the International News Service, will speak on “The Ear East in Tuimoil” on May 15; the St Louis Smfometta, with Hertiu^ Glaz, contralto, soloist, will appefpr on May 31, Di John G. Neihardt# will recite “The Cycle of The Weai"^ and other poems on June 26; 13sB Southemaires will appear on Jtfiy 10, the Purdue Jfusic Festival wift featuie Sigmimd Spaeth, music mteipolatoi, on July 18; and on July 31, Jan Pearce, tenor, will sing
here
Season Tickets Are $2.20 Season tickets, at $2.20 each» tapt included, are being sold to mepabers of the Univeisity staff and the general public in the Cashier’s offiea in the Executive Building. Mail ordeis will be filled if accomponiod by check and a self-addressed en* velope, according to Plot GunnAll summei convocations Will stall at 7 30 p m except for 01*0 Sunday convo. May 31, which begin at 3 p m Freshmen To HoM Party tonight Tonight at 7 30 there will be BT get-acquamted paity for the fteahmen m the Women’s Gyra. WefU» Ti uax and his Folk-a-Whirlers Will lead the gathei mg m games. After the get-acquamted games, A1 SiteW* ^ ait, head of the musical ’ tions on the campus, will lead gioup m the songs whfch should know m the future. Between 8 30 and 9.00 p. psu TO* iioiis taculty members will b|i ^ tioduced They will he as “Red” Mackey, head of physical education; Elmer ham, head football coachf Goldsmith, the new dean ot , Di Mai tin, head of fl'e8hn4an.bl^|i|l* istiy. Miss Hazelton, head of i en’s physical education; Miss ^ iclge, assistant dean of w<»n4^ U C Freeman, associdte the School of Aguculture,
i hkV. . i
f 'fi > n-V *,
;i%w
,)-^* ilVT “ ' ^ 4f V
‘iTf m ItTf^I • # •’ t' 1t£ , Exponent, Editorial Page
f%a
Tuesday, May 3, 1942
f s
Purdue Exponent All-Aroericaw 1940-'41 Offices Editorial and Business, Memotial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Pietdtiouse, Phone 2792 EditeNol Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor in Chief N«wo Editor ROtiOKnie iSaitoT #astne88 Monasor CiTriilMton Mulmirer CJood Editor
lolin F Amos Don T Brophy dohn It Armstrone William D Milfard Ken K Gjemre Alice I haUielii
Publication Staff ^staiciate rdilors Edilortol ■Staff P W H'mViiVIp D I Bit? W C HosUins A r JlantM IJ W eililtTi W r Ual n SpoiiS Stofft D I Hr « r 1 s i) n 1 1 K rp cl Coed «afi S 11\ H 11 Cli rl ttc Hn Ic i 1 i Business Staff Coed Business Manager 4 ilia Martin Advertising Monagers 1 M Wrn,lt D I Johnann Cirteulatiini -Monaifer G H KU n an AdnoBOtS Manager Trtna iorr ngu lunHit' t^ed Managers,, Fil n Chil Tane Keim
k
Staff For This Issiie Ntgtrt Bdilor Itoshms Ifisne Editor Day Editor Beall bp< rK Ldil ir * Statfi Vegh Irttmsn B llosiinkli
I ancetl Karpick
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I>nfay ette Indiana under the sot of Congress of March 3 1379 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 191’’ authori/ed January M 1922 Published on Wednesday Eriday and Sunday mornings during the sum mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and winter semesters Delivered locallv ly carrier fir $12i for summer simesteT mailed ■subscriptions $1 oO Bepresented for national advertising liy National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representalives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
War Commencement “k cokmn dclerminaiion lay behind Ihe thi-ee-day lestuilies at Purdue University, which CLilnlinated in the 68th annual com mencement ceremonies Sunday afternoon Tile customaiv exeicises advanced because of the wai, included the confening of degrees on 1,081 ‘-eniors Scoies leceived bachelor degi'ees in agiicnlluH ind chtmical engineering The countiy needs those engineeis in the piesent ciisis Students who took advantage of then educational oppoitunities have won the indoisement oi an institution whose prestige is woild-wide They will go into the aimed Service, in pioduction of wai materials or in lesearch and planning The engineei is a highly specialized individual of utmost value to his country at this time Puidue, the state and the paients and Iriends ot the young men thus are pioud of the part the lecipients of the univei'sity’s sheepskin -viill play They will go wheie needed most giving then best to country just as they did on the athletic field or in othei extra cullicLilai activities The combination of commencement and gala spiing celebiation made the occasion memorable in Purdue s history The eleborate proglam hi ought giacluates back to the campus fiom all paits of the nation Some who left the campus 25 to 50 years ago probably had difficulty lecognizing familiar objects, so great has been the change m lecent years Bald and graV-heads slapped each other on the back and reminisced over distant events, peihaps recalling goiy details of a onetime Tank scrap Whatever the subject may have been, jeais dropped off of stooped shouldei s and the grads became youthful m spirit The joys of levisitmg the campus and renewing friendships are one of the greatest re turns of an undergraduate investment The old-timeis sang “Hail hail to old Puidue’” and life was woi th while in spite of strong and tieacheiousloos Thanks For Movies Announcement that the Thuisday afternoon sciies ol Screen Reviews in tht Music Hall will continue during the summer semes ter IS one of the best antidotes for that it’s gonna he an awful semester” leeling Since their inauguration last tail these convofi have become the one offering ol the Com raittee on Convocations most geneiallj'^ ap preciated by the student body The hour oi lelaxation they affoid aftei a day of classes and labs is something that will become even more of a blessing as the summii waxes hotiei These movies also luinish an opportunity for reaching a laige portion of the student body, or at least a portion consideiably larger than can he reached by a war council convocation, when important information is to be pre Denied, as in the ease of the explanation of the Army Air Corps officeis training plan given hv Lt Col Kunish last Thursday We trust that the response of the student hidy to the Seieen Reviews programs will be sufficient to insuie their continuation throughout the semestei fo come JHA Vote Today... Today we in Indiana aie ha\nig a piimary election Today the tree citizens of this state are choosing the men who w ill repiesent them in congress after this yeai It may be truthfullj said that the ppmary election is the backbone of oui demoei atic system of government foi if two good men ^le chosen at this time, the runoff is unim-
niiemsiiiMioH MRIW-«Q-li0liW By Drew Pearson ^nd Robert' $. Alien Administration Expects Trouble From Anti-Inflation Program; Tourists To Stagger Vacations WASHINGTON, May 4—Privately Administialion leadeis on Capitol Hill expect plenty of tioublt, enacting the two fcatuie's ol the piesent anti infla tion progiam that lequiie legislation—the $25 000 income ceiling and ieducing the 110 per cent faim paiity figuie The leaders arc acutely aware that a lot of congiessmcn and senatois loud in lip seivice to patiiotism, will play petty, undeicovei politics on these two issues Toughest battle will be ovei faim puity ques tion thanks to the poweiful and well heeled fnim lobbj one of the most potent md giabbiest in Mash ington Within a few hours iftei the release of the Presi dents message the Isrm lobby was attnely waging wai against it Secret strategical pow wows were called hurriedly Repi esentative Clarence Cannon chairman of the powerful Appiopiiations Committee and a farm bloc leader, sounded the tocsin ot battle on the House floor While the fighting in that chainbei will be hot the decisive stiuggle will take place in the Senate where tfie lobby has its chief strength It was in the Senate that the Administration lost its fight to keep the 110 per cent parity figure out of the Prite t-ontrol Bill This defeat was whit foietd tlu Prtsident to faiigli with the lobby a„ain On the $25 000 income issue Congi cssion il iiisideis intieipUc a compromise A pnv itc poll ol Hit House Wns ind Means Commitlec sevti il days igo showed i decisive maioiity ag unst it Most of the committee men lavoicd boosting the maximum to uound $50 000 Howevei because only a i datively small numhci of people uc iftceted by the $25 000 proposal ind this is 1 eimpaign \eai Roosevelt m ly he iblt to bludgeon it thiough it he be ii s down stion enough Insidtis pi edict th it a Ic L ol memheis will 1 id him on the $25 000 income limit m oidti to c< vt i then opposition to icdueing the p u ty t nm putt li v el to 100 pt 1 cent • Tourisf Business Boom Most people don t leali/c it hut the toinist I usi ness of the USA niiis to sevei il billu n dilliis Ilowtvei tint business now is thieitened with c\ tinetion Its not only i m ittei ot tiies ind „ isoline but the possibility that ill non tsset ti il piivite ti ivtl by lail may ho binned 1 r insporf ilion (ooidinifoi Fislmin Ins wiriitd fill! iiicttasing prtssiiit <>n inlioads foi movemtnl 01 ddtnsc iiialeiials may neeessil lU this diasfie step Suiest w ly to ivc id it Inwever is to t „gti vi eitions Both goveiimtiit igencies ii d pi ivate ii dustiy should encoma^e woikeis to av< id the ti idi tion il holiday months ol July uid August II eveiy body urns loi i vicition m these two months tluii will he no ti ivtl loi inyom • Soldier's Pay Jen Senile qipicved bill t( iieii isc the jiiy ind allow luces c> m n in the ime I s leiecs i in mt i ehd t ouble in the House ot Ropi esentatives The House Milituy All i is Committee fin illy ap pioved a p ly use bill list riicliy hut until then theie had been eonsidei ible del ly m ,,otting togethei witl |he Nival Affiiis Committee on ecitain imcndment'^ leliting ehiolly to longevity bonuses loi otticcis m the highei hi lekds Piineipil hottleneek was N iv il Atluis Chau ipan Gail Vinson ol Geoi,,ii who w inted to sei ip the whole bill ind wiite anothoi Veil fellows haie the wroii appioicli Vinson told the Military ComniiUec al a rte nt dosed dooi meeting We ou„ht fo dimmitc (his allow nice bus iiitss iiul give the men in (he aimed forces flit piy iiieieises olheers is well is pnvafes Its veiy sim pie I could write a new hill in i lew minutes on the hack ol an envelope Othei eoniniittee mcnihers elullenged the wisdom o( htgiiminj from seiateh They reminded Vinson that It took weeks ol statistieal study to peifeet (he Senafe bill ilso lhaf there mighf be i long delay in getting Senate approval of an entiidy new bill Pii illy howevci Vinson was given a week to pio luei i new I ill The next d ly he eoekily le ippi tied l)do ( the eommittre 1 ill in hind To eveiyoncs imi/(ment it eonsisted mostly ol the basie piovi sions ol the Senate hill including the $21 to $42 a n onth pay hike Joi pnvates Ihe only majoi dilleienee w is i pioposil to give ofheeis ibi ve the i ink ol steoiul lieutenant ind en ign 1 It) pel edit p ly meieise md to mike the 20 pel (ent exit i illow ince foi ensi,,ii seiviee ipplie i Ilk to ill men m the i me el loiees whethei lliey li i I se I ve (1 ihi e id oi not This selieme i m into i stoi ni oi olijeetioiis A ma joiity ol the e mnutlee eonteneliel th it men with toi eign seiviee deseiveel moic p ly thin those wiLl u( it me! th it il it w isn t gi mte 1 m this hill motlu] would li ive to lie passeel All ight ill light eleeliied Vmsoii ittei i Ion,, eleh ite If this bill iloesn t suit you 111 vviite mothei Committee me mhei s ,,1 o me d I he C e en f i m tl I e lelv 11 1(1 w isteel tw i el lys • Dies Family On Payroll Repiesent itivc Miitm Dies his leeeived i lot if puhlieity oil his investigation ol un Amei le iiiism 1 ut he h IK leeeived no publieily leguding the 1 let th it mcmbcis of his 1 imily ue on the Congi essional p lyioll Duiing last July Augu&t ind Septembei his ofhee loite was composed of Mvrtle Dies his wife making $125 a month and Mai tin Dies Ji a son now in the hcrviee making $21 (> a month On Oet 1 1941 Myitle Dies went ott the payioll loi i bud spell but Mu tin Ji stiyed on, contni umg to dtaw $2]f i month until M ueh 1 ol this yen When the son vv is t iken out ol the lineup by Unde Sam Mis Dies went hide on the payioll m his job (( op\light 1942 by United Ueature Syndic ite Ine )
poitant and if two undesii able me n ,ue chos n the 1 Linofl is lutile if we fail to \otc we canneit complain it this wai IS run by men we don t trust and in a way we don’t favoi
GRIN AND BEAR ff I Iinmiailii Ml
Biydbf
Today On WBAA
—and I needn’t tell you the consequences of defeat —We’d all probably wind up in some Japanese Mikado’s Harem ”
Universiiy Calendar Tuesday, May 5
8
00
A
M
1 c gisLl 11
hon
Al me 1
V
8
00
A
M
Sign I
il lonmi
Bond
Noi th
B ill
loom Union
)
00
A
M
1 II t A
1
B ) m
04
Uine 11
)
00
A
M
In 1 P 11
1 SI )
Ihoi
Pitede
1 s Ass
1 Silt
live stoe!
Indpiiip
P ivilion
4
00
I>
M
B sei ill
Pi 11
Biel
ill 1)
1 im m 1
7
0
1
M
Intel V 11
1 sity ( 1
n isti 111
1 11 vv
im
R mi
2fl
Union
7
0
1
M
( hiisL m
Se lei ee
Oig 11 1/ itie n
Room
0!
Union
7
0
P
M
Silvei M
i 1 Mee
ting
Room
All
Union
7
!0
1
M
( e ts VI
e 1 n
Re om
To 5
Union
Drs. DeKay, Scliiifk
It (Side nt (t the Indiuii Dietetic AssKiitioii w lliuesido it i lundi ee n ind eonlei tee o( diditiuis it
T If* 4“ the M ( I I in s Umvii ily t lull To Aftencl Coiivoiifion way ?
TUESDAY News Music News Morning Matinee The Bookman Sam Hamilton—pianist Purdue News News Agiicullui il roium Meet the B md News Puenty roium Souvenii s Scupt Maikets News Stoiy a D ly Lest We Poiget Vu,ginia Uliey—singei Tieasuie Chest News Music Aftei noon Melodies Musical Round Up News Puidue vs BuLlti Basdiall Game News Dmnci Houi Spoils Review The Magic f ai pet News Religious Di im i ( aiolyii Wood singei Music News I um Pi( gram Lventnle Lelioch isfews Musiean i News Ofl the All
WBAA Receives Cifaf-ion For War Savings Effort Ridio stiton WBAA has 1 een cited by the Nation il Associition ol Bi o lele istei s Washington D C on the 1) ISIS ot vvai savings etloit lepoits loi Much ind thiou„h Api il 22 WBAA IS one ol thii teen stitions out ot twenty two m In (lima to he thus sdeeled
Registration (Continued from page 1) any time bcfoic that lioui if they aie unable to logistei ai then scheduled time Any mistakes oi conflicts shquld be lepoited imine diately to the Aimoiy heloie the legistratlon closes
Lop Mil Mim Not Ncf Pai
Pis Q/
Ra Rop Roq Sell
Sei SI S) Sic
Str Wik M il Wil
Wil //
8 00 8 50 a m 8 ■’0 9 00 i in 9 00 9 TO i m 9 TO 10 00 a m 10 00 10 10 a in 10 0 II 00 i m
11 00 II 11 '’0 ( 1 00 1
1 TO
2 00 2
TO 1 m 00 i in 0 p in 00 p m 0 |) in
New undeii 1 iduate and speci il tudents will legistei today iccoid
in,-.
to then OiieiiLition numbeis
I
the 1
sehediilc Will be is 10 1001 1050
foil )WS 8 00 a
ni
11
20
1051
1100
8 TO a
m
21
0
1101
1150
9 00 i
ni
11
10
1151
1200
9 30 a
m
41
50
1201
1250
10 00 i
m
51
00
1251
1300
10 TO a
m
(U
70
ITOl
1T50
11 00 a
m
71
80
1T51
1400
11 TO a
m
K
81
85
1401
1425
1 OOp
m
8G
90
1426
1460
1 TO p
m
91
85
1461
1475
2 OOp
m
90
100
1475
1500
2 TOp
m
K
MAISS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TQ THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI
JOHN PAYNE
MAUREEN O’HARA
RANDOLPH SCOTT
D 11 ( e )l ( D tv \ ell pi e lisso till! t\ 1 1 Di ( cehi belli el h eente p es i I ni Lilt on \\ 11 1 1 1 le L it t i oi then sections it the tl nice nth innuil 111 St te Ilosiitil As cm bly M ly ( t) 8 t the St vt ns He tel in Chicago Uilty lain oi mi/i tions md seetioiis w 11 ] uti ipite m the meeting As chiiiinui ol the llo pitil Phaunaeists seeti m P f D K ly will pieside it its We Inosd ly ai teinoon session Di Schuel who is
l>\IRONI/l IXPONfM ADVLRllbl KS
Sliciloek Holme H h la nolliiiiji' on iih wlien it (‘ome s to (le feeling iitlle* like missing lint (oiih uiiei luoken hedms thal keep yoiii e lollie s lioin lieing hiiITi I ariel neat Belene youi f'aiine nfi aie leliiineel, oiii inh|»e (ten s e xaniinei e y e ry (le fail 1 ve ly iaiilt IS (oi1 (Mte el It’s (lie little tliinji'H like tins thal make oni Sanilonr seiviee sueli a In^ value.
NOW SHOWING -2 FIRST RUN HITS-
A Romance of the R ‘One of HoHymod's —critics agree MICHELE MORGAN HENREI
RKO itarrias Yte GEORGE mpHY.ANNESf
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llliiversily llouk Sbre
Doc E{ I le 40
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St
lAumni TODAY - WEDNESDAY
! Warner Bros h lar ous new h t ..tm JACK CARSON EUGENE PALLETTE
loin'i \vi 1)
LU^
2 HI IS
The se isoii s sniiitest shekcKt most lulu I 111 love in I liugh hit' ^ “PosaSudL WaSte^ ^ VRUSaELL-PIOGEON/ \ BESIGM / FOR
VS >— ■■
^
DEBRIS SAYS: “Yes”
Th© 55lh Annual issue of the Purdue Year Book will be out in December. The staff is already working to maintain the "Alb American" rating which it has received for many years. I assure you that the new DEBRIS will reward your confidences.
Dick Ball — Editor
DON’T WAIT!
Buy
DEBRIS at Registration 0
i it wjfgBoilermakers Play Host To Butler
Track Squad Will Meet i Next Coach Hermon Phillips’ track squad will journey down to Champaign, Illinois, for a meet with the Illini thinlies thik weekend. This junket will be the second that the Riveters have, made to the Illini stronghold. Earlier in the season they were one of the four teams that competed in the Illinois quadrangular meet. The Illini were not very gracious hosts that day, for they took first honors in the meet. The Riveters finished in the runner up spot. In view of the Suckers’ triumph earlier this season they must be considered the - ■
Play
Active Role In War As Soldiers^ Sailors
There is nothing half as th#6ling to a sports fan as to have a long shot come home in first place. This applies to all sports, but most aptly to horse racing where the term long shot originated. How the fans loved it when Shut Out came in first in the Derby Field last Saturday. Few people gave the son of Equipoise a chance to take the classy Derby
field. Not even top flight Jockey Eddie Arcaro thought enough of Shut ices of our country. The Out’s chances to want to ride him. Instead Arcaro rode Devil Diver, football players now on
Leifheit Will Revenge For
Many ex-Boilermaker athletes are among those in the armed serv-
forrncr active
the favorite, and finished in sixth place. Of course a few of the experts duty in cither the Army, Navy, or picked Shut Out, but it seems to us that is the way experts usually do Marine Corps have already been things. Every once in a while they pick an outsider in some event and mentioned.' In addition to the gridcall it a “hunch.” Then, if the outsider doesn’t come through no one ders there are many more Boilerremembers it, but if he comes in top then they can brag about their m'aker stars now on active duty, prediction for some time to come and becomes more firmly entrenched Irack Stars in Service
favorites for the forthcoming meet.
Graduation Losses
To further add to Illini advantage, several of the best performers on the Boilermaker varsity squad have left school via the graduation route. Bob Keim and Will Gaulke are the sprinters that have
departed. Pole vaulter Art Ed- „ , „ , ,, wards, and hurdler John Conant ^y^^tar out of the way Gene should pe no longer around to add points be good for a pair of , first places
Riveters won in convincing fashion. Burt would be a sure point 'getter in the Illinois. Gene Kron divided the honors in the hurdles with Vollenweider of Iowa at the quadrangular meet. He took a first in the low hurdles and finished second in the high hurdles. With the Hawk-
to the Riveter total. Two miler Keith McLaughlin, a very capable performer, completes the list of the gone but not forgotten. Two others
which would add materially to the Boilermaker total. , - ' Neither the Illini nor the Boilermakers arc articularly strong in
arc not certain whether they will the field events. Both teams greatbe on hand to compete or not. The est strength lies in the middle dis-
doubtful starters are Captain Burt Anthony and hurdler Gene Kron. Roth of these men hope to be on hand for the meet Saturday, and the next few days will provide the answer as to whether they will be able to run or not. Doubtful Starters Captain Burt Anthony finished second to Rehburg, the Illini star, in the 440 which was run in the ex-
tances. A very interesting duel is exected in these events. Boilermaker standouts in the piiddlc distance events aye Al Jentsch and Don Kemp who run in both the mile and the half mile. Charlie Duesler carries the Riveter’s hopes in the two mile since the graduation of Keith McLaughlin.
Illinois Power
Rehbh’rg is one of the be.st of the
as top flight prognosticators. •
The Cleveland Indians are upsetting the well known dope * bucket in the American league in no uncertain manner. Most of the baseball writers felt sure that the Indians without Feller were a hopeless case. Their position was strengthened when First Sacker Hal Trosky’s headaches got no better and he decided to stay out of the game this season. Others thought that the youthful Lou Boudroau would be unable to cope with’ the
prima donnas bn the Cleveland club.
Of course a few victories don’t make a season. It is also true ^hat the Indians have started off like the well known house afire in the past and then folded in the stretch drive, but you can’t take that thirteen game win streak away from (hem. We’re also willing to wager that the baseball writer that said, “A team can’t have much if it has to consider a luirler like Jim Bagby its number one man,” feels kind of silly when he looks at
, Mr. Bagby’s pitching record to date.
Mind you now, we’re not climbing aboard the Cleveland band wu.gon. 'fhere arc no experts wj'iting this column, we just do this in oui' spare , program time. If we do have to pick anyone we’ll be ultra conservative and stick with the Yankee’s experience, balance, and power. But—it is fun sitting
chored the mile relay which the
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RSSK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 SchuKs Bldg. 4lh and Main St. Lafayatte
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK —- BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
\WHILE YOU TEACH THIS , . SUMMER / Have you considered living in the Union Club with all the advantages of comfort, coolness and conveniences? You will be nfar classes, good food at economical prices, and most campus activities. Yes, even give your family a Vacation while you live pleasantly and quietly. Telephone the manager’s office for information or inspect and choose your room by a personal visit.
fiwtdusL TyismufdaL lAmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
A quartet of track men hold commissions in the field artillery. They are Allen “Red” Shackleton, 1940 captain and holder of several varsity track records; , Louis Janos, 1930 graduate who was a track and ero.ss country performer; Allen Gaulke, 1939 cross country leader; and Stephen Luther, quarter-iniler
froin 1937 to 1939.
Piggy Lambert’s cagers are also in the “big game.” Elwood Yeager, stalwart guard on the championship ba.skctball quintets in 1938 and 1940, is now a second lieutenant in an ai'moi’cd division. Don Blcmker and Bill Nuetzcl left school before they received their sheepskins to take i‘aling.s as Chief Boatswain’s' Mates in the Navy’s physical train-
This afternoon at 4 the Boilermaker baseball team will play host to the visiting: Butler nine, Dutch Fehring’.s men hope to even the score with the Indianapolis team, by avenging last week’s 10 inning 5-4 loss. Walt Leifheit who was the irietim in the game played on the Butler diamond la.st week will take the mound in an effort to square things. Waiter wasn’t quite ready in the first frame when the Blae and White squad made four of their nine hits and four of their five runs. The Boilermaker hurler -— -i, 'm
then settled down and pitched shut-
out ball the rest of the way until •‘’fep last year. With the departtnre the winning run was pushed over of the various infielders Myers rethe plate in the last half of the turn is most welcome.
tenth inning. Plrnic Hits Hard
Misselhorn In Form
Ed Missl^horn's perfoimance on
In view of the fine showing the the moundj against the Buckeyes, team made’against Ohio State over last SateWay was very good, and the weekend, chances for a victory the coaching staff is very pleased over Butler are very good. Ernie with the improvement that the Young’s big bat boomed for a total .young righthander has made since of five hits in the two games played, the start of the season. Ed had plenOne of these hits was a long triple ty of stuff all along, but he was
to left center in the last half of the tenth inning in tlie second game. Thi.s hit drove the tying run in
from first' base.
wilder than the proverbial March hare. Under the skillful coaching of Bob Bailey, former Boilermaker hurler, Mis.selhoin gained the poise
cellent time of :49.6. He also an- Illinois thinly clads. He copped a
pair of ^firsts in the, Illinois quadrangular in both the 440 .yard dash, and in the 880 yard run. Gladden won the two mile run in 9:41 which is excellent time for the two mile distance. PA'l’RONIZE EXPONENT ADVER'l’ISERS!
hack and being a grand stand manager to the grand stand managers. Another person who arouse,s our ire, in a mild sort of a way, is the old timer who always says, “These pre^sent day atliletes can’t hold a candle to the boys way back when.” Of course, we haven’t had a chance to see the old time stars in aetipn. In fact, our memory .doesn’t go back any further than the newsreel of the first Dempsey-Tunney fight. But—we have had a chance to see some of the “kids”'like DiMaggio, Williams, .loc Louis, Bill Carr, Gene Vcnzke, Black Jack Harry Smith and a few others in action, either in the newsreel or sometimes in person and we can’t see how the old timers could be so much better. Furthermore, wlicii we look through the various sports records we find that the biggest share of these marks arc held by recent performers. We don’t contend that the country is bringing forth any race of supermen, but they aren’t mollycoddles cither. We’re willing to grant that the old timers had a lot on the ball, but no more than the present day athletes. Molt of us who like to Watch athletic events have the idea that the athlete performing before our eyes is the perfect physical specimen. We never think that there could be anything wrong with one of those men performing almost legendary feats. We are astounded therefore when we hear that some athlete has been rejected in an Army of Navy physical. Greg Rice, the Notre Dame star who hold countless distance records has been turned down by the Army as having a triple hernia. Then, the other day Lcs MacMitchell of N. Y. U., the nation’s top miler. Was turned down by the Navy for having what'they termed an irregular heart.
Functions
Baseball adds more men to the list of those who have answered the call to the colors. The Bredewatei' twins, Arnold and Arthur, who formed an effeetivc basq*l)all ballcM'y foi' the Boilermakers from 1937 through IDoll, are still teaming togethei- in the Army Air Corps, where they recently won their wings and commis.sions, and are now serving' as flight instructors. Other baseball players in-serv-ice uniforms are John Emmert, pitcher; John Janisch, pitcher; Wes WaU’i'housc, outfielder, and Carl Potcnza, itifielder all of last year’s
nine.
BASEBALL
P, M.
VS. BUTLER ROSS-ADE FIELD
Harry McFerren, midget second Jinfi confidence necessary for the sacker, also slapped a long three success of a Big Ten pitcher, and bagger in Saturday’s contest, but now he is ready for any and all ophis hit did not figure in the scoring - position. His-last two pitching pera.s he died on third. Harry received formanccs have been excellent alhis .sheepskin Sunday, and may not though he ha.s not been credited be around for very many more with a victory in either c.xcursion games. He will probably play to- to the rubber. Luck is sure to swjng morrow, but he is not certain that his way, for it is long overdue, he will be around for the Indiana After today’s game with Butler, series this weekend. the Riveters will start getting. Players Leave Team ready for the fortheo?ning scries Pitcher Don Freheirr and Second with the Indiana Hoosiers at Bloombaseman Jim Shoemaker have al- ington. Last year the Hoosiers ahreadyleft the team, and first base- uexed both games on the Riveters’ man George Buighardt has gone diamond. Dutch Fchring hopes to home to see his draft board about turn the tables on the Hoosiers Frihis draft status. If be does not come day and Saturday by taking the back, Dutch may use the versatile boys from Bloomington in both Ernie Young on the initial sack. Er- games on the Hoosier diamond, nic normally is a catcher, but has Their chances for a sweep in he played third base so far this sea- series rest largely on the presence gQii_ or absence of the men listed at presThird baseman Chuck Rawles will ent as “doubtful starters.”
be with the team for the rest of
this week, but will leave for a job Ag Graduates Obtain with a defense industry sometime _ . j. I next week. Outfielder Duffy Friend COUnty Agent jODS
will probably leave next week to
go to work.
Glianges Likely Tomorrow’s contest against But-
Two agricultural graduates for the University have been named as assistant county agi-iculturai
ler, and the weekend series against agents, L. E. Hoffman county agent Indiana will probably find the Boil- leader on the University staff anermakers with a lineup that is fair- ■ „ a, i rp,. r> i. W , , , , , iiounccd today. They are Robert W.
ly intact, but the games scheduled
for the latter part of the month Edinburgh, who has been will probably find a team very much ^ssi.gned to Hancock county, and
in the largest, most modern rug cleaning plant in northwestern Indiana when sent to the Crown. No rug too large. Orientals or domestic. Phone 4073
unlike the team that played the earlier games. , The squad was strengthened yeslerday by the return of infieldcr Dick Myers. Dick is a major letterman who played .second and short-
Maurice J. Peterson, of Roehe-stcr, who has been assigned to Parke
county.
Patronize Exponent Adyertisers
Comfort and Security Away from Home
Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room CoIg Air Conditioned 4lK and Ferry Sts. Laiayette
Southworth’s
With a bottle of ice-cold Coca-Cola in your hand, you are all set to enjoy the delicious taste you want, the aHersense of refreshment you like, the quality you, and millions of others, have come to welcome . . . the quality of Coca-Cola-^f/ie real thing.
You trust its quality
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
FOR YOUR OLD RECORDS
for any 2 records 10 inches or 12 inches
in reasonahly, good condition. Broken records bought by the pound. Help us keep new records coming by turning in your old ones for reeluinatiou.
6th and Salem
Laiayette. Indiana
pyiiBBi BflBK s siimi mi 30^-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE. IND
Southworth^s MTuesday^ May 5, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Hqcipi:? jmni At Luncheon lighting the annual “Loyalty Luncheon” last Sunday nooht in the North Ballroom of the Union were the presentat'lows of loyalty certificates to members of quinquennial reun^ioft dasses alfd the presentation to the University of a portrait oftthedate Dean’C- B. Jordan of the School of Pharmacy. /Sfehted in front of the crowd that overflowed the ballroom were tihe members of the class of 1892, which this year is celebrating it golden anniversary. —
‘jGolden Graduates” who
received special certificates from President E. C. Elliott ineluclej Jlozier Oilar, Chile, So. America; Frank M. Best, Lafayette; Clarence M). PiVin.?, Lafayette; Victor R.
Browning, Cleveland, Ohio. jLove Crampton Caulkins, Colum-
bia City; Charles Cottingham, Washington, D. C.; William S. Elliott, Santa Anna, Cal.; N. K. Garhart, Bpston, Mass.; Mis. Sina Haller Gundelfinger, Lafayette; Daniel D- Hoffman, East Moline, 111.; Henry M. Lane, Grosse He, Mich.; Herbert N. McCoy, Los Angeles, Cal.; George H. Oilar, Indianapolis; Walter Snider, Chalmers; E. M. Tingley, Oak Park, 111.; John S. Wiight,
Indianapolis, and A. R. Hcj'kloss, fonncily eniolled in colleges and Rushville. universities, cannot continue their ’82 Grad Honored ^
shift fashion, unless books are fur-
Dr. Henry A. Huston, of New ^he Student War York City, the lone representative endorsed this camof the class of 1882, and the fiist book store,s and the
Student Book Exchange are coop-
Student Service Fund To Colleci Old Texts
’ «11,
For Prisoners-of-war Through the World Student Service Fund, the War Piisoner’s Aid of the Y. M. C. A. is asking that all the colleges in the country send text books to the prisoners-of-war who were students prior to the war and who are anxious to continue their studios while in
prison camp.
These young people, who weie
man to receive an advanced degree from the University was presented with a “sixty-yeai ” certificate. Seven members of the class of 1887, which is celebiating its 55th anniversary; and 97 membeis of the 1917 class, celebiating its 25th anniversary, as well as members from the classes of ’97, ’02, ’07, and ’12 were given loyalty ceitificates. Following this Dr. Rodney B. Harvey, professor of plant physiology at the Univeisity of Minnesota, and a 1912 graduate of the Univeisity, piesented a portiait of
erating. All throe book stores and the Student Book Exchange have placed marked lioxes in prominent places, to seive as depositoiies fpi any books the students may wish
to contribute.
All Books Will Be Accepted Everyone is urged to deposit all those books which they are unable to sell because they are no longer in use at the Univeisity, pud also any othpi books which they wish to contribute. These books aie still of a gieat deal of value to the pco-
the late Dean Joidan. This poitrait, pie to whom they will be given, which came as a surpiise feature of Any other books besides text book-s the luncheon, was officially accepted will also bo welcome, on behalf of the University by Dav- if it is not convenient for the id E. Ross, president of the Board person or group of persons to deof Trustees. posit their books at the points indi-
cated, they should notify the Woild Student Seivice Fund Committee
Notices
^ Perfion Who Lost f hronoirraph: You mny claim it ut Stndjut Sdialo Lost and I'ound Oepartrnunt, ot hy (.iIIiuk Sandy at 40r)l. - SANOI.IOBIN Aeromodelcrs• Tmpoitant mectinp: May IT in loom 80 Kt Ik shment‘> will be suivtd to aveiyonc. All piosiHclivo mombers welcome. Come one come all (7:80). All Social Chairmen: Please submit requests ioi dancLs oi social functions for this somoKter to me in the Union olTice or at the West Desk Requests must be in hy Friday noon Please cooperate.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
wlu) will call foi the liooks.
( oed Defense Code (lass: ("’ll I ificat( s are avaibtbli in iiistiuctois loom of the Aimoiy. ' BUKICIIART Ex Skull niifl (’reseenls: Paddles are in. fit t Liu m at till* Siamu Chi IIoiko - MENICIO fiimlcfs* TVI( n imliiUd Inst fall can get then key** fiom me —MtASJ5H Pi Tail SiRinn: All stniois who do not have plaipus m ly j^el tlum at 22') Powlei Avenue. - GREGOItY Reamer Club: Mfitinu at 7 1) in room 801 ot the Union Wedrusdny nnrhl Important. —KNOTE SCA House presidents. Tmpoitant meitiiift Thuisdav, Mas 7 al 7 50 ji m in the SCA loom V(i\ pcrLimnt matlei will be Ihiu, OI St a<l yoiii Mte picsidcnt in yoiii sUad MOGAVERO Zouaves: I’l u lit diili Wednesday, Mav 4 S<iu id loi I idMiiapolis dull May 20 will be tiin t 1 ^’I numbtis aie ui'»-(<l to -JACKSON
Detroit Civil Service i H f, X ft K. i. ^ ^ Offers examinations For Apprenticeship Professsional apprentice positions are being pffered by the Detroit Civil Service Commission to college studepts trained in businesf, administration, engineering, the social sciences and the medical sciences. Examinations for these positions will ho given to any male citizen of the United States and any, woman who is a resident of Michigan. An examination will be held for Technical Aid and Junior Engineering Aid next Saturday. Applications may be obtained by wilting to the Detroit Civil Service Commission, 16th Floor Water Board Building, 736 Randolph Street, Detroit, Michigan. The w induction salary for Technical Aids is $1,660, and after the first of July it wiH be $1,760; Junior Engineeiing Aidb will receive $1,740, $1,914 after July 1. Opportunities for Engineers To enginecis the position olfeis a career in traffic engineering, city planning, property appiaising, personnel administration, engineering and ^engineering management. Positions in the fields of accounting, appiaising and personnel administiation will he available for business students. Similar opportunities are available to applicants with backgrounds in/general social science or medical science and aie limited only by the amount of suitable training of the applicant. In many instances apprentices have been promoted within one year after starting then services. The Common Council and Civil Seivice Commission have piovided foi military leaves of absences with retention lights of seniority for all employees who aie called to the aimed foiccs. Johnston, Woodworth To Attend Convention Two members of the University publicity dcpaitmeiit, T. R. Johnson, director, and R. G. Woodworth, assistant diiectoi, will go to Ohio State University to attend the silvei anniversary convention of the American College Publicity Association next Thursday. The highlight of the convention will be a speech by the governoi of Ohio, John W. Bricker, at the main banquet Fi iday evening. About 200 degelates representing well-kno\/n publications and publicity departments of the laiger Universities are expected to attend the convention which will la.st thiough Satur-
day.
Senior.s! Subscribe to the Exponent !
To iho t'Jdss of '42 CONGRATULATIONS No iiiaUcr wliero you go .. . whal you «Io . . . how iinporlanl you hoeouio, il’s h<‘<“u a pieaHuro lo sliaro some of your Hcliool rxporirnrqa. Il’q Iioru a privilrfito lo Hharr thoui and lo M-rvr j-ou. Thank you and Iho Irosl of lurk.
CHUCK'S CHUCK WAGON
USED and NEW Books and Supplies for ALL Courses f ** i Pi * Trade in your old books and drawing sets now! UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE I Arross from llir Union Bnilding M. C. “Ked” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
it Gradates Honor Harold Gray At Class Breakfast Climaxiiil' %hc dmti Week activities of the clas& of 1917 was a breakfast meeting held last Sunday morning in the Union. At this meeting each member of the class, which this year is celebiating its 26th reunion, was presented with a copy of a cartoon drawn especially for the occasion by classmate Harold Gray, creator of “Orphan Annie.’’ This cartoon depicted “Annie” and “Sandy” hitch-hiking back to “Old Purdue.” In turn Gray was presented with the original of a cartoon drawn by another famous University cartoonist, John T. McCuteheon, of the class of ’89. This caitoon, which was entitled “Harold Gray Day,” as well as the “Orphan Annie” cartoon, was reproduced in a special edition of the Purdue Exponent which was distributed to the class members at the breakfast. Elliott Speaks Speakers at the meeting, which was presided ovei by O. K. Quivey, of Baltimore, Md., were President E. C. Elliott, Athletic Director Guy Mackey, and Head Football Coach Elmer Burnham. Following these speakers the class made Coach Ward Lambert, who started his career as a basketball coach at the University in 1917, an honorary member. Aneta Beadle Voglet, Indianapolis, and E. F. Johnson, St. Louis, Mo., were named “Soybean Queen” and “Soybean King” in recognition of their association with the development of the soybean as an important American product; and W. K. Cast, of Akron, was officially recognized hy the class for his achievements as an onion grower. Class Plants Ivy Following the breakfast the class held a business session at which Quivey was elected class piesident; M. F. Taggart, South Bend, vice-president, and Erle F. Ross, Chicago, secretary-treasurer. AWS To Give Party For Frosh Coeds Associated Women StudeiuKwill sponsor a picnic tonight at 5:30 for the new freshmen coeds and their' counselors. The picnic, which is the first event on the informal orientation piogram, will be held behind the stadium unless the weather is bad. Tickets aie 45 cents and may be bought any time today in Noith Hall Office. Next week at a coke party in the Union the freshmen will be given an oppoi trinity to hear about the vaiious campus activities from the senior women who are activities
heads.
50 Freshmen Women Enroll An oiientation piogiam for the new coeds is ai ranged each year by AWS. Last fall 200 sophomore, iunioi and senior women acted as counselois for the 500 freshmen women who entered the University. This somestei the members of the Cioen Guard, counseling honoiaiy ‘■poiisoied by AWS, and the AWS oiientalion committee will act'as counselois loi the 50 new women students. Members of the oiientation committee are Jane VanCoikom, who i.s in chaige of treshmen oiientation, Mary Ellen David, who is in chaige of transfer orientation, and Beth Ludberg.
Dr, Cliioit fo Attend kentuefiy ijmvhrsiiy Program Wednesday Pres. E. C. Elliott will represent the University at the inauguration of Dr. Herman L. Donovan as the sixth president of the University of Kentucky next Wednesday. According to information receiyod from the University of Kentucky, many nationally known educators and dignitaiies are expected to attend the ceremonies which will begin with an infoimal reception at 10 111 the morning at the Student
Union.
A luncheon to be hold in the Student Union ryill precede the inaugriiation ceremonies which rvill begin with the processional at 2:30 in
the afternoon.
Following the inauguration Pres. Elliott will attend a reception and dinner to be held at Maxwell Place, the president’s home on the cam-
pus. ,
pertmi Of Xigii
Faw Speed-up bi College Pnniin '
By Associated Collegiate Press ^
Almost half the high school students in the Unitj^ favor an accelerated college program that wifi enabte’theirt io complete their education.s more quickly, as called f<*r<bjr4lie present emergency. i This revealed today when results of a survey conflncted fiy Northwestern university among 9,.”54 high school
throughout the (Country were announced.
Half Prefer Spkd-Up ^ Forty-eight per cent of the students queried .said they preferred one of three types of accelerated program.s taitbe ditional four-year eour.se with — - lai. . annual summer vacation.,. Commencement - -
Percentages ranged from 35
per cent on Chicago’s North (Confinupd from pagfe l) Shore to 54 per cent in the competency for the useful werk western states. “ character Fifty per cent of the men and * > .r i. r, av • , j. , impelling you to assume votsntar45 per cent of the giiLs favoied ac- „ , „ .. » , ,. u a ■ I- a- XL a "y yom- share of the common aervceleration, but indications were that understaraffi^ men voted against speed-ups be- j ^ cause they must woik during sum- eompetition, and a measure of ahions. predation of the artistic, intellec-
A If Cnrne . I s«?^?osted accomplishments k Air LOlDS AuOPIS P'Offiams was one calling n^ankind called culture. It is hoped r . r. tor thiee legular years and two quaKties are
summer quai teis, averaging 16 to lightly knit together and are ener17 hours, with gn'aduation coming ^y a courageous confidence m
in June of the Hurd year. This was
selected by 20.6 per cent of those y^^ bejono-
Deferred Enlisting Plan For Students
For those students who wish to enlist in the Air Corpus but remain in school until their four years of college education is completed, the Army Air Corps last week announced a new plan for deferied enlistment. This plan is set up so that a student between the ages of 18 and 26 who is able to pass the physical and mental requirements, may enlist as a private in the air corps and continue school until he
graduates.
At the time of his graduation, he will go to a flight school for training. Previous to his being called into the service by the air coips, he will be deferred from the draft, but may be called before he finishes, his schooling in case of an emergency. i H Bombardiers to Train 26 Weeks Positions in the air corps under the new plan are as follows: Bombaidier, who w'ill receive 26 weeks of tiaming and upon completion ot this training will be commissioned a 1 Second Lieutenant in the Air Fjirce Reserve, with a salary of $346 per month. /Navigator, who will receive 29 weeks of training and will be commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Air Force Reserve with a salary of $245 per month. Engineers to Receive $183 ^ Engineers, who should have previous training in aeronautical sub.iects, will leceive 19 weeks training. They will be commissioned Second Lieutenants in the Air Force Reseivp with a salary of $183 per month, » t B mWMM Aimament uffieer, who will icceivo 12 weeks training and Will bo commissioned a Second Lieutenant 111 the All Foice Reseive with a salaiy of $183 per month. Communications Officer, who loceives 16 weeks tiaimng and will bo commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the An Force Reseive with a salaiy ot $183 per month. Meteorology Officer, who receives 30 weeks training and will be commissionctl a Second Lieutenant in the Aii Foice Reseive with a salary of $183 per month. Photography Officer, who receives 12 Weeks training and will be commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Air Force Reserve with a salaiy of $183 poi month.
voting, or 43.5 per cent of those
favoring acceleration.
Second Choice
Second choice among speed-up programs was one calling for three regular years and three summer
Grads Enter Troubled World “Mankind’s greatest epic is being written today by the battles on land and sea, in the air, apd around the council tables. Unnumbered
quarteis, averaging 15 hours, with f renamed heroes, many of them graduation in August of-ttm- third men and women, are workyear. This was chosen by 17.3 per far-fiung
cent of those voting, or 36.2 per
cent of those favoring changes. Certainly, no other class has
Only 9.6 per cent of the total favored the third suggestion, involving two and one-half regular years and two summer quarters, averaging 18^ hours each, and with graduation coming in March of the third
year.
left the University for a world of such confusion of thought and action. Each of you entered upon your University study with certain confidence that you were laying a firm foundation for a productive and self-satisfying career. But the
This demand for both normal and t
accelerated education indicates, the changed the early pattern of auesurvey report points out, thafcol- of opportunity and leges and universities must be pre- f ^ pared to maintain flexible educa- destined is gravely threatened. The tional programs during the war pe- material world is trembling and m
many places tottering tq destjriM^ tion^ The path ahead, mapped by
our ideals, is blocked.
“Recently, it was bluntly stated by an officer of the Army that ‘Np culture has ever saved a civili^-
Reporter Investigates University's 11,000 Foot Tunnel Heating Network
' By Bob Freyman Have you ever wondered why all the buck and concrete benches aie so libeially scattered along the sidewalks everywhere on the campus but where they aie needed ? As a matter of fact, these have not been constructed foi your peisonal convenience, but ai e a result of the undergiOLind tunnel system used by the power plant to distribute heat and light to the buildings on campus. 11,000 Feet of Tunnels The walks arc today undermined with 11,000 feet of these tunnels reaching out fiom the powei plant to the remotest points on the campus. The tunnels measure about five feet wide and almost seven foot high. Although it cost $465,000 to install these tunnels, they
have mote than paid for their oiiginal cost by the saving realized in maintenance; for before the tunnels were constructed it was a costly process to excavate long sections of buried tile to find the place where failure had occurred. With the installation of the tunnels, this cost was entirely eliminated.
First Built in 1903
The necessity of constructing these tunnels was lealizod hack in 1903 when the first brick tunnel was built connecting the Chem Annex (then the EE building) with the power plant. It w'as not until 1926 that the second tunnel was constuicted, but since that time many other branches have been laid until today the majority of the buildings on the campus are fed dilectly fiom the tunnel system.
I'iod.
Grace Moore (Continued from page 1)
Moore’s continual study, despite tion. It takes big biceps and two failures in auditions for the brows to do that.’ Is thi^., mevelV Metiopolitan during her days as a shaip-edged cynicism, or does star of Irving Berlin’s Music Box contain a bit of devastating tfutk? Revues. Divorcing herself com- Are you, with your stock of completely from operetta following the pgtency, of character, of. civiesecond refusal, she w'ent abroad to niindedness, of competition, and of study and w'as accepted by the cultuio, ready to help disprove it? Metropolitan Opera s directois dur- q-bg vital essence of our culture is ing a concert in Milan, Italy. freedom. But you must be ready to Stars in Movies accept its chains as well as its
Her screen career had its begin- chances.”
ning in 1938 when she was featured 45 Receive Ph.D. Degree in “One Night of Love,” which addition to the 956 Bachelor earned for her the Gold Medal of degrees, a total of 105 advanced d«^ the American Society of Arts and g^ges, including 45 as Doctor ^ Sciences. , Philosophy, were conferred during Miss Moore’s life began in tipieal the afternoon. The Baobelor dgstoiybook fashion in insignificant gj-ggs were divided as^ follows: Jellicoe, Tenn., wheie she sang in Science, 154; home economics, 1435; the church choir and made plans agriculture, 109; forestry, 11; m«for becoming a missionary to chanical engineering, 231; civil etiChina. She then began, appearing gineering, 41; electrical esginoerin small opeiettas in order to pay jag, 90; chemical engineering, 87; for singing lessons while attend- public service engineering, IS; ing school in Washington. The lat- trade and industrial education, 4: ter led directly to her appearance pharmacy, 29; physical educatitm, in Irving Berlin’s shows. 44. \ ' She has appeared in the lole-^ Outstanding honors for graduaMimi (“La Boheme”); Maiion, ting seniors were amiouneed as foj-
Maiguerite (“Faust”); Juliet, lows;
Louise, Flora (“L’Anrore de’ tre Rig Ten Medal for best allre”); Nedda (“Paggliacci”); “Tales avound record in scholarship and of Hoft’man” and “Tosca.” Her mo- athletics—Paul B. Anthony, Keniltion pictures include “Jenny Lind,” worth, 111., captain of th^ tra^ “New Moon,” “Love My Forever,” gquad, who was graduated in “The King Steps Out,” “Louise” mechanical engineering, and “I’ll Take Romance.” McCulloch Wins Roberts Medal Doors of the Music Hall will be Flora Roberts Medal for the best opened at 6:45. Admission will be all-around woman member of the by passport, season ticket, or sin- graduating class—Agnes Louise gle admission tickets which will be McCqlloch, of Scottsburgh, who sold only on Saturday night for ^as graduated in home economies. $1.00 plus tax. Chi Omega prize for a senior
woman majoring in education on the basis of scholarship, personality, and attitude toward etlucation —shared by Monica Marie Buer-
W J 1-4^^ gler, Hobart, graduate fti science,
and Marybelle Halstead, Battle Ground, graduate in home ecoTypewriters—AdclTng Machines, all makes itl. rented, i ep.iired, ulul |>urchtt*»ed. MmieThe invocation and benediction at the exercises were pronounced
Classified;
ograph work done. C. J Ebershotf, U05 Main,
Latayette. Phone 2779.
Students: 1 cool rooms. Single ^ ^^6 ReV. W. H. Nibblelink, mi»beds, inneispuntr mattTe'se'>, contiiiuoiLs hot ^ » wntui Vhmu* 2497 iOh Hus.eit strtot. Call istex* of the First Baptist Church of .iiuii, .oop m. ^ Lafayette, while music was fitcWuiited: Wi.le aw.ilve Imy to do K.meral njshed by the PurduC SymphOOiC wolk in lejjtaurant Cull in peison. Hums ^ ^ , ,i tt • jt
Robtuuvunt, 801 Univfrsit>.
Wanted: Student 21 yoais of aiu' to woiU T'puluy ami Sutuiday t‘Vi mnis'> Vpply lliif-
i ms, lUut Hla^ti
Band and the University Choir. As one of the final features, the class of 1942 was formally* inducted info the Purdue Alumni Association by W. Henry Roberts of Indianapolis, newly elected president, a I&12
graduate. ,
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 , We Deliver /
Band Awards (Contfmied frofn page 1)
and militaiy bands, announced the " band officers and the members win- R. K. Cast. F. Bass and G. C-Hoff* lung honoiary grades. Staff ser- man. geant Floyd Bass announced win- Motion pictures of the band niidc ners of the 1942 service bars. Those during the year and games fep,attaining the ranks of the commis- lowed the formal progmm. It was sioned officeis weie J. E. Crim, C. announced that more than hawd R. Watson, R. A. Sprenger, R. J. members would be here for thfe Coers, D. C. Ross, W. A. Hammer, summer term to serve as the p, J. Leiniiigei, A. C. Flackbert, clei^ of the organwttfeion.*• ' '’ /? ' ^ "* " '' '' !l "1 " ^^ ' ' ' hr^^ 4;^' ^ \fn 6 4*urdue Expon^t Tuesday, May Si 1942
1 i 1
SojuJthwifiJthjL
^ i i
WELCOME
FRESMiEi
'f'Ar
To the Most Complete Engineering Department for the
Best Engineering School in the Country!
SAVINGS ill COLD CASH
nuiy l>c iiiiitlt' by piirobasiiig ail }oiir TEXT BOOKS
and SUPPLIES here!
OUR CONGRATULATIONS
lo the ‘^^coiitiimaiioii” hliiiienls wlio are slicldiig by ilieir acacleiiiic guns. Yoit are doing your pari! We are doing oiir pari by serving yon willi the fools for your
FREE
FOR THE ASKING
^ Desk Biottas Schedule Caids ij;! Book Covers ^ Campus Xfaps
BRING IN YOUR OLD BOOKS
A NO ENGINEERING SUPPLIES
FOR YOUR ROOM
Wc have all tiie comforts andf convenicijces of home.
THEY’RE WORTH PLENTY OF CASH
PURDUE BOOK&SliPPLY TOE
wiatiiCTiWtfgmTarwmmBWM
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
SoMjthjMjo^jtkL