if*
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 5L No. 14
Exponent
Tuesday. September 26. 1939
Faculty Extends Thanksgiving Recess
Paul Barker To Play Tenor Opens First Convo
For PIA Fall Dance
Long Awaited Vacation Will Start Wednesday Noon, Continue Until Following Monday Morning
Featuring complete brass, sax, and ryhthm sections, a girl vocalist, and a male trio, Paul Barker and his 12-piece orchestra will play for the PIA fall dance to be held in the Union ballroom on Friday, October 6. Dancing hours will be from 9 to 12 p. m. PIA social chairman, Sam Wells, has also announced the dates of the other two evening dances planned by the association for this year. A name band has been promised for the Christmas formal to be held on December 15. The spring dance has. been tentatively set for April 5. In the event that the national convention for independent students falls in the same week as the spring dance, it will be used to close the convention« and another evening dance will be planned. PIA membership cards will serve as admittance slips, for the fall dance. Forensic Honorary Will Sponsor Forum Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will hold a round table discussion on “Neutrality” in Eliza Foi^er Hall Wednesday at 7 ;30 p.m. Speakers on the program will be Dr. J. A. Estey, head of history, economics, and government departments who will discuss the economic aspects of neutrality. Dr. L. M. Sears, expert on diplomatic history, will talk on our “to be formed” foreign policy and Professor Hall, current commentator, will analyze the general situation here and abroad. Each speaker will talk for approximately 15 minutes after which time the discussion will be thrown open to open discussion by the audience. Don Paarlberg, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, will act as chairman of the discussion. Questions that are apt to come up are expected to concern our chances of staying out of war, the real neutrality of our present law, the proBritish attitude of President Roosevelt, and the effect of the war on business in this country. Officials of the honorary stated that all students, townspeople, and staff members are welcome to attend the forum.
Opening” the 1939-40 convocation season, John Carter, tenor, will sing in the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium on October 9-10, as announced by the University Convocation Committee. All of this year’s convocations will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium with the exception of the closing program, in which Lawrence Tibbett and Helen Jepson will appear to dedicate the new Music Hall. ill- i ' other convocations are scheduled as follows:
\ •
October 23—No"" Yong Park vs.
Yutaka Minakuchi, debate.
November 8-9—Vronsky and Bab-
in, duo-pianists.
November 20—Dr. William Beebe, “Forty Fathoms Down.” November 30-December 1 — Eva
Jessye Choir.
February 6 — Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. February 15 — Henry C. Wolfe,
lecture.
February 28—Ted Shawn and his dancers. , March 14-15 — Robert Virovai,
violinist.
April 4—Cornelia Otis Skinner. Season tickets for these convocations will be on sale at the office of the University cashier in the Administration building on or after October 1. Price will be $4 each for fa<mlty and staff members. ' One hundred tickets will again be available to the general public, although no reserved seats are on sale this
season.
State Ag Conference Opens October 3 With Address By Coleman Annual state Agricultural Extension Conference of the entire Purdue agricultural extension force will be held here October 3-6. Program will be opened on October 3 by an address by Associate Director T. A. Coleman. Other prominent speakers scheduled to talk before the assembly are Dr. A. B. Graham, retired federal extension worker; M. C. Wilson, U. S. Department of Agriculture; Marshall Abrams, well-known Kiwanis leader; and Miss Grace Frysinger, also of the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Various phases of extension work and developments will be disejussed at the forums. Conference will close at a luncheon program on Friday noon, October 6, with an address by Extension Director Harry J. Reed of Pur-
due.
Noble Kizer To Speak At YMCA Father-Son Fest Noble Kizer, University athletic director, will be the principal speaker at the Father-Son banquet to be held next Monday evening at 6:30 in the YMCA, it was announced today by Joe Conley, chairman of the committee in charge. On the program with Kizer will be Joe Mihal, co-captain of the 1938 football squad; Bob Bailey, baseball hurler for Purdue; and Dan Fisher, basketball star. Judge W. Lynn Parkison will act as toastmaster. Purdue Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will sing. Advance purchase of tickets is urged.
Sfuart Field Will Be Site Of Bonfire At End Of Pep Session The Notre Dame game pep session will march up Grant street to Stuart Field to convene around a huge bonfire prepared by Skull and Crescent men after convening in the village Thursday evening at 7 o’clock. Harry Nevin, member of the committee in charge of the session, urges all fraternities to prepare banners, without fraternity insignia, for the parade. In connection with the pep session, cheer leaders are going to all of the fraternities,, sororities; and residence halls to teach and rehearse yells. The pep session is sponsored by Gimlet, Reamer, and Skull and Crescent.
Military Ball Opens Formal Season Nov. 17 Fall formal season will open Friday, November 17, in the Union ballroom with the annual Military Ball. The dance is sponsored by the military honoraries. Committee for the dance will be as follows: Seniors, C. Butterfield, chairman; F. H. Hurst, C. E. Bowman, B. H. Burns, L. L. Lyles, P. Cooper, V. D. Hobbs, A. C. Perrin, R. L. Reiley, and C. A. Heidbreder. Juniors will be L. E. Aull, R. A. Bates, C. L. Norquest, and K. J. Thompson. Hoof And Horn Will Sponsor Barbecue Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry club, will sponsor a barbecue and round-up for Ag freshmen tomorrow on Dean’s Pasture, at the north end of the cattle barn. Those attending will meet at the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 4:16. Tickets, priced at 25 cents, are now on sale by all club members. First event on the program is a tour of the livestock farm. At 6:00 o’clock all will assemble around the bonfire in the pasture. An authentic chuck wagon will provide an atmosphere of the round-up days for the after-dinner readings, which will include “Cattle Kings of Texas,” and “History of Indiana Beef Cattle.” Following music and group singing. Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry school, will close the meeting with an introduction of the Ag faculty.
Culminating three years’ effort on the part of the student body, led by the Student Senate and Exponent, an announcement,- last night by President E. C. Elliott declared the faculty has at last granted-a Thanksgiving vacation for the University. The holiday, for this year only, will begin Wednesday noon, November 22, and end Monday morning following. I'll — The four-and-one-half-day recess
propostion, which has been shuffled through various committees for some time, was made more feasible this year because of the lumping of Thanksgiving and the Indiana game into one week-end. This was the direct result of President Roosevelt’s shift of the Thanksgiving holiday to a time one week earlier. There was no assurance given by the faculty that the holiday would be repeated in the future, but a plan is under consideration whereby the holiday would occur every other year away from home. A similar arrangement is already in effect at the Hoosier school. The regular one-day vacation will prevail on the years that the Indiana game is played on our campus, if the two occasions (Thanksgiving and the game) fall on the same week end. This good-will gesture on the part of the faculty was apparently made with no stipulations as to when, or if, the lost days’ work would be made
up.
Informal Co-ed Rush To Open Tomorrow Invitations to informal sorority rush parties which will be held Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoon were issued Sunday by soror-
ity rush chairmen.
Parties have been divided so that there will be two at each sorority each day. The first from 3 to 4, and the second from 4:30 to 5:30. Rushees are to designate the period they plan to attend and return the cards to the Pan-Hellenic box at the Union desk by 6 p. m. Tuesday. The idea of informal rush parties was originated by the Pan-Hellenic Council to take the place of the former “coke dates” between the rushees and organized girls. They will proceed the formal rush period which opens Saturday, September
30.
Delta Upsilon
. . . social fraternity, announces the following pledges: John Best, Elkhart; Walter .Cook, Casper, Wyo.; Bud Cooley, New Castle; George Gard, Indianapolis; Ray Hake, Worland, Wyo.; John Lyman, Downers Grove, Ilf.; Bob Oliver, Elkhart; Bob Riley, West Lafayette; Bob Spake, Chicago, 111.; Dick Templeton, Indianapolis; Bob Tewksberry, Waba'sh.
Late Wax Meurs MOSCOW, Sept. 25—Odessa, Russian port on the Black Sea, and the Rumanian frontier, have been closed, it has been unofficially reported. Members of the Polish Embassy, who planned to leave through Rumania, have changed plans and w5l leave via Finland. It was also reported that the Neva River, opening into the Gulf of Finland, has been closed to Finnish ships. PARIS, Sept. 25-r-French army officials claimed victory today in the largest air battle of the war. The air battle took place over the Saar area. From Romanshorn, Switzerland, came dispatches to the effect that either French or British bombers had scored direct hits on the German Zeppelin works at Friedrichshafen. One airplane motor factory was reported out of action. (German high command denied the report). MUIDEN, Sept. 25—Dutch fishing vessels reported floating mines loose in the North Sea. They have been torn loose from their anchors. STROUDSBURG, Pa., Sept. 25—^Floyd Gibbons, famous war correspondent and radio commentator, died here yesterday from a heart attack. Gibbons, the commentator who wore the patch over his left eye, was planning to leave shortly for Europe to cover the war for the Hearst syndicate.
Soaring Wings" Profiles Amelia Earhart's Life And Activities Here
Editor’s Note: This is a review of the biography of Amelia Earhart, “Soaring Wings,” by George Palmer Putnam, her husband. Miss Earhart was at one time a member of the University faculty. By John Traugott “The girl in brown who walks alone,”, read the caption above the photograph of Amelia Earhart in her high school year book. This was perhaps the keynote of her whole life; she acted, thought, and accomplished alone. Throughout this new biography, “Soaring Wings,” which her friend (and husband), George Palmer Putnam, has written, the traits of Amelia Earhart's character stand out over her material accomplishments. The biography is certainly not a literary masterpiece, but its great value lies in the fact that it does present a clearly defined picture of the person Amelia Earhart. Certainly she has had as pronounced an influence over the thoughts of women as anyone in the last decade. Work At Purdue And what she, herself, considered one of the most satisfying adventures of an adventuresome life, her life and work at and for Purdue, is covered thoroughly. From the day in 1934 when President Elliott “cornered” her after a Herald Tribune Forum in New York City until the
land Islands in her Purdue backed “flying laboratory,” her connection day she disappeared near the How-
Amelia Earhart
with the University is detailed closely. It is this later portion of the biography which, incidently, is by far the better written. And except for a few revealing anecdotes, the portion dealing with her early life might easily have been drastically cut with no harm being done
the book. Of Amelia Earhart’s connection with the University, Putnam has this to say: “Although AE could never become quite reconciled to her high sounding title—Counselor in Careers for Women—I think that even in the fortuitously shortened period of it, she found her job at Purdue University one of the most satisfying adventures of her life.” Interested In Airport She came to Purdue because “it is my kind of a school, a technical school where all instruction has practibility, and where a progressive program for women is being started, too. . . .” Perhaps most of all, however, she saw in Purdue the only school in the United States at that time with its own fully equipped airport providing for day and night flying, a chance to put into effect her idea of encouraging women to become interested in the various fields of aviation. “There are from 40 to 100 jobs for every plane —and I don’t think all those jobs need forever be held by men.” She lived, of course, in the Women’s Residence Hall and there came to know many of the girls intimately. “She had pretty much of a free hand in ventiating her philosophy
of things as they are to the girls, for Elliott had come to have a great trust in her ways of thinking,” Putman writes. Effect Of Human Element In her Lockheed “Electra” flying laboratory, she had planned to study morq than anything the human element in flying, the rate of reaction at various altitudes, the effect on the nervous system of blind flying, of long distance flights, speed, and diet. There was but a single dissenting voice to Miss Earhart’s work at the University. One professor expressed the fear that “if she keeps on, the co-eds won’t be willing to get married and lead the quiet life for which nature intended them.” Of President Elliott the author says: “He is a l§an, powerful man who combines the brisk attributes of a dynamo with the important qualities of scholarship and human vision. He has a habit of referring to himself, with humorous deprecation, as just a Hoosier schoolmaster, but no gentleman from Indiana ever knew his way about more completely than he.” Believed Herself Average Although Amelia Earhart was constantly in the limelight, she un-
doubtedly .believed herself to be little different than any ordinary woman; hence her belief that what she did any woman could, do. She always maintained that there was no necessary restricting sex factor in any field of human endeavor. Her marriage, for instance, she believed to be ideal. It was bound by no pledges of faithfulness by either partner, each was free to come and g6 at any time, each shared equal freedom of thought and actions. The flaw, if there is one, in her philosophy is that of coui'se she was by no means normal. Both intellectually and emotionaly she was far superior to the average woman —or man. In spite of her accomplishments and her philosophy, Amelia Earhart was completely feminine. One cannot get away from this fact as her life’s incidfents are reviewed in this book. Liked Her Business Her numerous spectacular flights, made just “because I want to,” are reviewed fairly much in detail with their related difficulties and anecdotes. Her solo of the Atlantic, the Pacific solo, and Mexican flight are all here, but the point that cannot fail to impress the reader is that
most of her activity was mental although she herself probably never realized it. She worked at social welfare, wrote two books, lectured, helped establish an airline, was an active pacifist, and taught her theories of sex equalities throughout the nation. Though Miss Earhart was never active politically, it is significant that she looked with disdain on such 110 per cent American organizations as the DAR and the facist system of regimentation employed in European countries. The abortive around-the-world flight is the best description contained in Putnam’s biography. It shows best of all her courage. She expected death during one o;f her flights and was not afraid of it; in fact, she rather welcomed it as an escape from growing too old to remain active. This was not courage. It did take courage, however, to resume the flight after the first crackup in Honolulu. Then when she again flew out over the Pacific to girdle the earth at the equator, her biographer was at the radio when the last message came through from KHABQ somewhere near Howland Island: “Circling... cannot see island... gas is running low ...”m
■pa
ft
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday/ September 26, 1939
Jimslif. Jjcdlc Thanksgiving Holiday ... agitation has held student attention during fall days for the past three years. Although more than 60 per cent of the 5,000 votes cast at second semester registration last year were for the vacation, many students were skeptical over whether or not the faculty would OK the measure before this Thanksgiving, Conditions were unusually favorable for the four-and-one-half day recess this year, h<wever, since the Thanksgiving holiday date-shift places Thanksgiving and the Purdue-Indiana game in the same week. In 1936 a petition signed by 3,817 students called for a Thanksgiving holiday. The Executive Committee refused this plea, pointing out the impracticability of altering the school calendar at such a late date. In 1937, however, there was little agitation for a holiday. Thanksgiving holiday talk hit a new high last year, when the Committee on the University Calendar held a poll to determine student feeling on the holiday problem. Five choices were placed before the student body at second semester registration. Plan number one proposed to condense the final examination period into one week in order to grant the extra holidays. Plan number two provided for a shorter Christmas vacation. Plan number three again proposed to cut down the number of days in the final examination period. Plan four, which proved most popular, provided for the four-day vacation without any compensation whatsoever. Plan number five advocated no change in the calendar. Plan four was credited with 2,538 out of the 4,959 votes cast. Plan five ran second with a total of 1,007 votes, while plan three came in third. Plans one and two met with little enthusiasm. The change in Thanksgiving date created an entirely unforseen situation, which resulted in the new plan. No stipulation was made as to when the lost work could be made up, and it is not likely that the calendar will be changed this year to make up for the lost days. The faculty well deserves a round of applause fro^ the student body for its action at yesterday’s meeting. War Comes To College To many University students the European war seems almost unreal ... a nightmare far across the sea. Business has felt an influence from the war situation, however, and railroad shares led the stock market higher yesterday due to heavier steel production which involved greatly increased freight movement. The carrier average is approaching the highest level since 1937, and steel production is booming. First repercussion of the war which will directly hit American college students is the suspension of Rhodes Scholarships recently announced by Frank Aydelotte, American Secretary. Aydelotte has already notified Professor J, A. Estey, University representative for the Rhodes Scholarships, concerning war changes for the Rhodes Scholars. Election of 1940 Rhodes Scholars, due to be held in December, will be cancelled. The 1939
But
INCIDENTALLY-
By Petrou We called WRH the other night as is our wont, and while doing so our gaze got to wandering, another of our habits. We finally got to reading that card with the numbers on it that Charlie Standard puts in the phone booths when you’re not looking. We’re pretty perplexed by a certain pair of items. * ♦ * One item reads: Dean of Men (after business hours), 3007 And the other: Dean of Women (after business hours) 3007 Hi He * We think Charlie ought to be a little more considerate of other people’s privacy. * * Hi Anyway, just out of curiosity we’re going to call 3007 tonight and see who answers. S S % You’ve got to forgive Charlie, though, because he had a tvow of an experience a couple of weeks ago while he was worrying about his chances against Barbara Hyman in the election to a certain post in senate. She called up and asked Charlie to stump for her. He couldn’t understand it. * * * Neither can we. * * * It ain’t hot no more, but it will be eventually if you’re around the U long enough, so here are some cold facts if you like cold facts. Personally we hate them. ♦ * H< The coolest room in the campus is Biology 109. We had this recommended to us, but being the dubious sort we had to find out for ourselves, so we went over one of those hot days during the first week of school. 109 was well shut up, but we peeked in the door and after getting just one blast of cold air we knew our informer was right. It’s surrounded by cold brick in the bottom of the “U” of the biology building. Swell view of the new Music Hall, too. * * * We sat there for a while as the perspiration froze on our brow, wished we weren’t an M. E. (107 degrees in the lab), and then left. Remind us to change schools. H> H> H> Incidentally you might schedule Recitation 113 which IS pretty darned fine on hot days. Next in line come the bowling alleys and the photographic darkroom in the new C & M building. He H< H< In fact that darkroom seems to be the best bet, but what the devil is there to do in a darkroom? He He Hi We go now.
scholarship holders will remain in this country, while the 1937 and 1938 Rhodes Scholars now in residence in Oxford will return to the United States as soon as accommodations can be obtained. Scholarships now in force are only suspended and will be resumed when circumstances
makes this possible.
To be a Rhodes Scholar has been the ambi-
tion of many of America’s finest college men. The war has temporarily lost them a major ob-
jective . . . but the type of man who makes a fi j i Rhodes Scholar will be just as much a winner ril9fill3Cy
after the war is over as Tie is todar.
The Theta Tau house was the scene of unusual confusion Thursday night. There,was a mad scramble for clothes when the voices (sweet voices) of the Theophilus Thirteen cuties were heard serenading them.
B & B
John Kuzmcki is still looking for the guy who swiped his pants at the crucial moment . . .
B & B
We are all curious to know what became of the gal Harry Crystal met in New Jersey. It is said she may come here just to be near him ... whatta man!
B & B PHEW!
Who IS it he That have my heart? Who say from I We’ll never part? Who IS it were That tell me true In just this words That “I love you” ? Oh, silly boy Who blush so shy I go to he Him comes to I. And we is be So happy too Because we does Each other knew Aren’t love wonderful? I cannot slept, J cannot dreamt. My work is did But I can’t went. Oh woe IS me To sit and sighed; Sometimes I wish That I IS died . . . —^Pi Phi Marijean.
B & B
That hard to get KDR Bill Slone has finally passed the stogies, putting out his pm on a Fairmont gal. The KDR’s responded by going to Fairmont Sunday night and serenading Bill’s love.
B & B
It is rumored that Frank Lake, Lambda Chi, started out early Sunday morning with Miss Doyne King, WRH freshman, to go to church He ended up elsewhere.
B & B
Incidently, he just met Doyne Saturday night at a mixer. His pin, he also says, is mislaid. He is blam-
ing the laundry . . .
IfoixJL of the PampuA.
Shall Purdue Have A Robot Mascot? To the Editorial Director: We have an All-American Band, we have inspiring songs, we have ed and co-ed cheerleaders, we have top-ranking teams, and they call us Boilermakers. But where is our mascot? Army has its mule. Navy has its goat, and Yale has its bulldog. We, too, should have something by which to identify ourselves. To select a mascot representative of a technical institution the ideal choice in my opinion would be a mechanical robot There is enough genius and equipment on the campus to make it right here in our shops. Students could point with pride at a three-foot shining brass “monster” whose body could be fashioned after a boiler to symbolize the engineer, its arms could be some appropriate agricultural instruments and the remainder of it could be modeled to represent other schools on the campus. In time it might even be operated by a system of remote control. A novel mascot such as this would distinguish us. It would not be just a mascot with the stupidity of a goat, the stubbomess of a mule, or the ferociousness of a bulldog, but instead the symbolic representation of the engineer who builds, the agri-
culturist who feeds, the scientist who plans, and the spirit of the University as a whole. Goats may die and so may mules. Even Yale’s bulldog isn’t immune from the diseases of old age, but the robot with periodic repairs lives forever. It would symbolize the invincibility, the immortality, and the ingenuity which is the spirit of Purdue If this idea is acceptable to the student body, then all it would require IS a concerted effort on the part of the Exponent, the Indepen-
dent, Reamer Club, Gimlet, and Gold Peppers to stimulate a drive of this sort, ISRAEL SELKOWITZ.
and faculty will hold their annual “get-together” tomorrow afternoon in Murdock Park. Members of the pharmacy staff will deliver shoit messages. In addition to a complete wiener roast, there
will fee games for all.
NEW
TODAY - TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
ONE PLAYS GOD! ThreagambieSovel Nine chnllenge the iunglel. Jhrills you’ll never forget!
PLUS
Down To Earth Comedy '™'HEADlEYfP^ AT HOME
tVELrtl VENABLE GfV\NTM[TCHElL BOBEftT WHITNEY BETTY ^ Di ected W CHhiS DEUIE Ptauh^) p.o<Kiction
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone S372
ddn/L aniL Kuh, By Georgann Schilling
Ho hum. It’s Tuesday morning, and all qui^t on the collegiate front. After that affair, laughingly called a freshman mixer, quiet is an usual state around here. We have never seen so many unattached males in one place as we saw drifting around the Union Friday night. Many moustaches with their owners put in an appearance. Bouquets to the Skull and Crescent boys though. All in all the freshman frolic was mighty nicely managed. H & H A glance at the dancers in the ballroom any of these nights will convince you of one thing concerning this year’s students—^they are jitterbugs. Although this style of dancing has been popular a good many months, the craze has never invaded the ballroom until this year. It’s a bit dangerous for the more timid dancers. H & H Overheard m a cozy place: She: “I refused to marry him three months ago, and he’s been drinking ever since.” He: “That’s what I call carrying a celebration too far.” H & H Hi Ho Silver, anyhow. Everyone is talking about neutrality, and we’re betting that this week’s Student Faculty Forum will be well attended since neutrality is to be discussed. Such serious subjects seem to take the glow off our everyday activities. And last night was Monday, gloom night for the fraternity freshmen. They’ll be realizing before long that the rush backslapping hasn’t stopped at all—^just moved down a little. H & H Since the very popular Gold Diggers Ball is scheduled for early in October, most of the lads are doing maneuvers similar to this figure in Older to get a bid. For the benefit of the freshmen, we might tell that Gold Diggers is a co-ed bid dance for which the gals buy the tickets, food, corsages, cigarettes, cokes, and pay transportation costs We think you’ll like it. The boys all do Purdue Exponent' Editor-in-Chief—K. E. Insley, (Union) 4065 Business Manaeer—W. E. Smith, 5038 Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorissed January 20, 1922 Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, $3 50 Business office located at 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Building, sports office. Field House Night Editor—Miers Issue Editor—Skalleinp
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
The Greatest AdventureRomance ever Filmed! GARY COOPER
BEAU GESTE
AIR CONDITIONED N\ TODAY - WEDNESDAY
ROCiERS FAIRBANKf^
Hi. , '"iiii
Vucil'*
-AND-
WILLIAM BOYD — IN — 'TRIDE OF THE WEST" ALSO “PLYING G-MEN," SERIAL
£Jthsh£Mai~ By Hank Miller Tonight another new show returns to the air to start the fall series. It’s Bob Hope’s Pepsodent show and will come in over WLW at 9. Headlining the show will be “toothpick” Skinnay Ennis, Jerry “Greetings gates, let’s gsrrate” Colonna, Judy Garland, and a new character known as Frontenac Sidesaddle. Last year Hope built up quite a feature on his show when he presented a dramatic sketch about some popular song. The idea has been held over for this year and tonight will concern the song, “Start the Day Right.” —e-e— Tomorrow afternoon the sweet shop will be the scene of one of WBAA’s question programs. The series which last year originated from the main lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. on Wednesdays will be heard at the same time this year. Peg Davis and yours truly will be at the mike. Plans call for many student problems to be discussed such as “cutting” on dances, what should the ed and co-ed wear, etc. —e-e— Radio lost a veteran news correspondent and the press lost one of its best war reporters Sunday night when fast-talking, one-eyed Floyd Gibbons died from a heart attack. He was 52 years old and at the time was preparing to return to Europe to cover the war. A veteran war correspondent, he lost his eye in the battle of Chateau-Thierry in the World War and has been in almost every major war since that time. —e-e— That’s all for today, 73’s till Thursday.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DAVIS MIRIAM HOPKIAS TheOidI^d with GEORGE BMVr
Directed by Tb. EDMUND GOULDING PReSBNTEO BY BROS ‘ ^ ' A;'’
UMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
AT LAST ON TIE SOiEEil
... The great Broadway Stage Hit with all Iti thiille, langbe and pathoil
lion®) ^^ALSO— ___ lf.,/^and| yoD’ll
JUNETuesday, September 26, 1939
£xfwmid SpoJdA ficuqA
f t
Intramural Golf Tournaments
Fraternity golf teams will meet Wednesday and Thursday, September 27 and 28, when the annual interfratemity golf tournament is held at the Municipal course. Matches will be over 18 holes, nine holes can be played on Wednesday and nine on Thursday. Teams will be matched for the first round, with three men competing from each house. ^^The eight teams with Weisman Downs Whitney In Exhibition Biiliards Tiit At last night’s billiard exhibition. Coach Whitney was off stroke and failed to defeat Preston H. Weisman. Weisman played a consistent game and made 100 points while the best Whitney could score was 142. This was 58 short of the 200 points he needed to overcome his handicap of 100 points. Wednesday night M. H. Ingleman, ’38, who holds the record run of 60 at 18.2 Balke Line and 427 at Straight Rail billiards, will play the coach even at a 200 point game of 18.2 Balke Line. Weisman will referee.
the lowest aggregate scores will advance to the finals which will be straight elimination. A trophy will be awarded to the winning fraternity and medals to members of the first and second place combinations. Twenty-five participation points are offered for each entry, with five extra points going to the champion and three to the runner-up. Registrar Asks For Address Changes In order to facilitate the compiling of the 1939-40 “Student Directory,” all students who have changed their addresses since registration are asked by the Registrar to call at his office and report the new address. Since the work on the directory has already begun the call should be made at the earliest possible opportunity. Those students who have moved to a residence hall need not report this change since the Registrar’s office has already been notified of this change.
Plan Club For Gymnasts All limber jointed students and any others interested in weight lifting and gymnastics will have ample opportunity to display their skill this year. Larry Imhoff, of the intramural office, has announced that he has tentative arrangements for the organization of a club with the aforesaid actmties the main object. Interested students are asked to report to the intramural office this week. Bitlenbender To Address Poultry Raiser's Conclave Meeting of State Poultry Association of Indiana to be held here tomorrow and Thursday is expected to draw one of the largest crowds of recent years. On Hatchery Day, H. A. Bittenbender of Cleveland, O., will address the conference. Dr. J. A. Durant of the University of Missouri will appear on the program each day speaking on “Hatchery and Disease Control” and “Reducing Disease Losses.” The new fresh egg law will occupy the attention of the group on the afternoon of the last day.
PORTRAIT
PHOTOGRAPHY Hinea’s 634 Main Street
COMMERCIAL
Bell and Howell
Movie Cameras
Eastman
Eastman
PICTURE
Argus
Kodaks
FRAMING
Cameras
\ A Complete Line of Photo Supplies
OPEN LETTER
to
FRESHMAN MEN
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE IS INVALUABLE
.... therefore, what could be more fitting than combining this asset with your college training! While handling the advertising campaigns for Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, you’ll be learning much about business organization and management of these concerns and many others. To top all this off, you will gain in the estimation of your friends, you’re "in the know” when it comes to campus activities, you’ll make scores of new friends, and finally there’s that alluring goal of a senior position. In short, you get the advantages of a top-notch activity combined with valuable experience in salesmanship and advertising, plus many contacts useful after graduation. So ’nuf sed . . . come on around to 312 North Fifth, you frosh, and we’ll tell you the rest in person.
the Purdue Exponent 312 North Fifth Street
Further CAA Choices Released Yesterday Schedules for physical examinations for applicants for CAA PilotTraining were announced yesterday by the engineering personnel department. The applicants, who are listed below, are to report to the student health service at the times listed this evening: 7 to 8 o’clock—W. E. McConnell, M. C. Triplett, P. E. Davis, P. R. Barnes, G. S. Welch, F. H. Montague, F. E. Powell, C. C. Huff, J. W. Scott, T. E. Persinger, J. J. Dudzinski, and E. M. Antonini. 8 to 9 o’clock—Robert Coffey, P. H. Beatty, L. M. Rothrock, W. D. Thompson, R. C. Horn, R. B. Peterson, C. L. Van Zant, G. W. Marson, C. R. Pandel, E. F. Tate, H. F. Helbig, and R. W. Reed. 9 to 10 o’clock—G. K. Williams, B. A. Devol, A. L. Lutz, Ben Sparks, W. M. Lennox, H. G. Littlefield, C. E, Sohl, P. J. Carr, C. D. Wagner, J. M. Gilley, J. M. Venable, and H. B. Mayerhofer. 10 to 11 o’clock—J. P. McGrath, E. T. Eggebrecht, P. M. Giltner, N. Stegman, J. C. Ely, R. J. Weitzel, R. S. Sternberger, H. F. Hays, S. C. Betounes, R. E. Bauman, Seymour Udell, and C. G. Moon. /-M Schedules TENNIS Today—4 ;15 Freshmen Nelson vs Murphy or Mclnerny Kolady vs. Stettner. Conners vs. Osborne. Sophomores Murphy vs Wallace or Miller. Bryan vs. Wood Juniors Smithson vs Mees . Karnisky vs Wleklinski. Disher vs Goerss. All Campus Matson vs. Kirk. Richards vs Gus Armstrong. Shafer vs W. J. Miller. Lucht vs. Mangold Andrewson vs. Kirkpatrick Twekshury vs. J. Powell or W. L. Vaughn.
SOFTBALL PRACTICE Today Diamond 1— Ward 11 vs Ward 1. 2— ^Ward 2 vs. Ward 3. 3— Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. 4— ^Ward 6 vs. Ward 7. 6—Ward 8 vs. Ward 9 6— ^Ward 10 vs. Ward 12. 7— Ward 13 vs. Ward 14. 8— Ward 16 vs. Ward 21. 9— Ward 22 vs Ward 23. 10— Ward 26 vs Ward 26 11— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2. 12— Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4 13— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 6. 14— Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8. 16—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. 16— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 12. 17— Cary Hall 13 vs Ward 27.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Managers Wanted A splendid opp^unity for organized freshmen Who are seeking an interesting and ]|^i;ofitable activity is being offered by the intramural office in the form of positions as intramural managers. All interested first year men should report at the intramural office at 4 o’clock any afternoon this week. As rewards for their time and energy, the three outstanding frosh will receive sweaters with the remainder receiving medal awards. Two of the three freshmen receiving sweaters will be designated as sophomore managers, with the third serving as an alternate. Thinclads Brush Up On Fundamentals In Initial Practice In the initial track and cross country practice held yesterday afternoon, Varsity Coach Phillips and Freshman Coach Wilkening ran their respective charges through drills on fundamentals. The first week will be mainly training in starts and sprints and the following weeks will see the squad working on middle distance running and field events. Most of the practice is in preparation for the decathalon that will be initiated into the sports schedule this year. The varsity cross country team is also getting into condition for their first contest to be held in October. Three veterans comprise the nucleus of the present squad—Captain A1 Gaulke, Mack White, and Chuck Reeves. Westminster Club Meets First Time Of Year Today Westminster Girls’ Club for Presbyterian and Congregation girls will have a meeting today at 5:30 in the Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. This is the first gettogether of the new school year, and IS designed especially to acquaint freshman girls with the organization. There will be a short program following supper at the house. Meetings are held once a month. Interesting and worthwhile discussions are led by members of the faculty and prominent community leaders.
Gridders Swing Into Final Week of Drills For Opening Battle By Phil Johnson Swinging into the final week preceding the season’s opener with the fighting Irish of Notre Dame, the varsity gridders yesterday afternoon worked extensively on a variety of fundamentals under the close scrutiny of the coaching staff. In the far end of the field the rugged linemen drilled repeatedly on blocking and tackling assignments and downfield blocking. At the other end of the field the backfield candidates worked on passing, both offensively and defensively. Considerable time was also spent in punting practice, with emphasis placed on protecting the punter from opposing linesmen. Later in the afternoon dummy scrimmage was held. Special attention was given ball handling by the backfielders. The final portion of the session was denoted to running through detail plays. By virtue of his showing in last Saturday’s scrimmage session. Bill Donnelly, sophomore guard, gave notice of his intentions of joining the already close contest for the two coveted guard positions. Miller, Melton, Rossi, and Detemore are other outstanding sophomores contending for the guard posts. Also showing up well in Saturday’s practice was Gene McElwain, now plajnng right halfback. McElwam, a junior, was recently transferred from left to right half because of the shortage of players in that position due to Brock’s injury. The worrisome ankle of Lou Brock, stellar senior halfback, has been improving favorably during the past few practice sessions. “Lou will probably see action in the Notre Dame game this week,” according to Mai Elward, “provided the injury continues to heal as well as it has to date.” Squash Teams Meet Today Organization meetings for both the freshman and varsity squash teams will be held at 7 o’clock tonight in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. M. L. Clevett, head coach, urges all freshmen and upperclassmen interested in trying out for the respective teams to attend this first meeting.
USE OUR RENTAL-LIBRARY
LATEST FICTION The Grapes of Wrath John Steinbach Children of God Vardis Fisher Captain Hornblower C. S. Forester Escape Ethel Vance Next to Valour John Jennings
ft”
a
zJ
LATEST NON-FICTION Let the Record Speak Dorothy Thompson Triumph Over Pain Fulop Miller You’re the Doctor Victor Heiser Inside Asia John Gunther
PURDUE IMMORTALIZED By G. Palmer Putman in “SOARING WINGS” Read Chapter 20 on Wings These Books Also For Sale SOUTHWORTH’S/*
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. September 26. 1939
Houghton Speaks At Christ Scientist Tea “What Chiistian Science Means to the Student” was the subject of the talk given by Miss Ruth Houghton, faculty advisor of the Christian Science organization, at a tea held Sunday from 3 to 5 p. ni. in the old Chestnut Room of the Union. At this time officei s of the organization ■were introduced to new freshmen and transfer students and the activities of the organization were explained. The organization is composed of Science students who desire to participate m the meetings and activities of the group. Professor Soneson and Miss Houghton serve as faculty advisors. Robert Brewster, president, invited all students and faculty members who are interested to attend the meetings held every Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union in a room to be announced in the Exponent. Peace Play Tryouts Tonight In Jeff Gym Tryouts for the annual peace play sponsored by the Wesley Players w'lll be held today at 4 p. m. and 7 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation. The play, which is entitled “If This Be Treason,” written by John Haynes Holmes, will be given in the Jefferson High School auditorium on November 5. As the cast is exceptionally large, it IS a wonderful opportunity for anyone with dramatic ability. Tryouts will be open to all students who are interested. Campcraft Course Plans Formulated At Meeting At the organization meeting of the Campcraft course held Monday at 4 p. m. m the Women’s Gym plans were formulated for its activities and movies on campciaft were shown. This course which is to be under the direction of Miss Ray Frazer, physical education instructor, will include training in fire-building, making of packs, first aid, and other outdoor activities. Ten meetings are scheduled, one of which will be held at the WAA cabin where the training previously received will be put into use. Any interested ed or co-ed is invited to attend these meetings which will be held every Monday evening at 4 in the Women’s Gym. SAE Members To Convene In Facuiiy Lounge Tonight Society of Automotive Engineers will begin their year’s activities tonight at 7:30 with a smoker in the Union faculty lounge. A short talk will be given by Professor Liston, SAE sponsor. Old members and all students interested in becoming members are invited.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOMS—Two singles, one double ?9 00 and $12.00 117% East Oak. 3789
LOST AND FOUND
MISCELLANEOUS
All students in the education option, especially freshmen and sophomores, are urged to attend —BREWER.
at 7 :30 p m in the Union, for room number.
Inquire at desk —BADE.
27. Election of officer! wHI N IhUL
IHOMI
Piavshop: Petitions for positions as crew heads for "Brother Rat” are now available Students applying for championships must have a 3.6 average and be members of Playshop Crew heads are needed for the following departments: stage, art, properties, lights, costumes, and make-up (q-27) —HINRICKS
Sophomore Co-ed Forensic Managers: Meeting Tuesday September 26, at 4 p. m , 808 University Hall. —PECHIN.
THOMPSON.
Ward Athletic Managers: Important meeting m room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Wednesday, September 27, at 4 p. m. —SCHRADER.
at 7:30 p. m. at the pool in the Women’s Gym. ' —SPEARS.
meeting will be held Tuesday, September 26. at 7:80 p. m, in ipom 0 of ttie Union. —PRANTZREB.
WAA Council: Meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 7:15 p. m. in the WAA office. —WALKER
Purdue Engineer: All men working on sales will report to Lantz in the office at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, September 26. —OTT.
WAA Sports Managers: Meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 4:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym to soh^ule sports calendar for the year. —WBSTOVER.
WAA: Golf callouts Wednesday, September 27, at 4 p m —RILEY
Activities Bureau Interviewers: All junior men interviewers report today, September 26, at 4 p m in the activities bureau room. —DARR.
Battery D-2: Softball practice tonight, September 26, at 4 ‘16 Meet at Third street entrance to Russell Field Game Wednesday, September 27, at 4 :16 p m with D-1 —STRADLING.
ROOM AND BOARD—One single and three double rooms. Newly furnished. Board alone if desired Phone 2416,
All Students: All those interested in a Purdue Weight Lifting and Body Building Club meet in basement of the Pieldhoute near the rifle range at 7 p m Tuesday, September 26 —JOHNSON
WAA Tennis: First round of singles and mixed doubles tournament must be played by 6 p m Wednesday, September 27 Tournament schedule is posted in Women’s Gym —MATHER
Fraternity House Managers: There will be a meeting of the frat house managers at the Phi Kappa Psi house Thursday, September 28, at 7 p m —COCHRAN.
Exponent Workers: Schedule for Tuesday night IS as follows: DeHoog, night editor; Miers, stooge; Mueller and Parks, proof, Ruffner, issue; Fletcher and Pickett. —FRED.
Mortar Board: Meeting today, September 26, at 11 "SS in Union grille —SAUER
Unorganized Men: Those who are interested in singing with the PIA Men’s Chorus are requested to attend a short meeting in the PIA office in the Union building at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, September 26 Those who were members of the chorus last year are also asked to attend. Important. —HE-WTTT. WSGA Executive Board: Meeting will be held Wednesday, September 27, at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN. Modern Dance: Junior modem dance is calling for new girls, either freshmen or upperclassmen All girls interested call 6067, or attend meeting at 4 p m. Tuesday, September 26, in the Women’s Gym. —HICKMAN.
Swimmers: There will be a reception for all men interested in swimming and water polo teams Friday, September 29, at 7:80 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Upperclassmen and freshmen are urged to attend. Swimming talks, movies and refreshments will be in order. All wishing to attend sign lists at Union desk or swimming pool office by Wednesday evening. —HARRIS.
Pi Tan Sigma r Important meeting in M. E reading room Tuesday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —KOLB.
WAA: There will be a meeting of all girls who participated in fencing last year on Tuesday, September 26, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —STICKLER.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Because of the large number of workers, co-eds will have only one assigned ni^ht to work. However, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The schedule is: Monday: Jane Jnlin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta ICaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhouser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand, Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McClintoek, Florence Justin, and Regina Baker. Thursday: Laura Betty Gregory, Helen Stallings, Erma Irwin, and Helen Ritchey. Friday: Jo Dennis, Mary K. Miller, Esther Kirkhoff, and Helen Chamberlein. Saturday: T. Stiers, Florence Justin, and Phyllis Smith. (9-26) —SCHILLING. Bowlers: All men interested in forming a student bowling league, please meet in the Union bowling alley at 4 p, m. Tuesday, September 26. —KING.
Student Counselors: All men counselors of freshmen meet in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26 Attendance urged Freshmen will be assigned to all counselors. —WALTERS
Scabbard and Blade; Meeting Wednesday, September 27. at 7:30 in room F of the Union —OLSON
Catalyst Club: All actives and prospective pledges meet at the Delta Tau Delta fraternity at 7 ‘SO p m. Tuesday, September 26 —OMOHUNDRO.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, September 26, 5 p. m. in room A of the Union. Bring passports. —MITCHELL.
Christian Science Organization: A regular
Exponent Woricers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Tnesdoy; Lannon and Novey, 'Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday: Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Puroell, Saturday. —FRED
Silver Mask: Theie will be a meeting at 7 30 in room C of the Union on Wednesday, Septembei 27 All members please attend —NEPTUNE.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will my staff please meet me in the Puttering Room Wednesday September 27 Also anyone else interested m carpentry and building —CLARKE
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of football tickets Act now and pay on line. (9-29) —PERRIN.
Gimlet: Meeting at 7 p m Wednesday, September 27, at Sigma Nu fraternity. Impoitant —PRAZEE
A. S. C. E.: First meeting will be held Thursday, September 28, at 7:30 p m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Principal speakers will be Professor Wiley and Professor Ellis. Professor Ellis will speak in connection with his work this summer as cnosultant for the Chicago subways. —McCAMMON.
Alpha Phi Omega: Short but important meeting Wednesday afternoon, September 27, at 4 o’clock in room F of the Union All members please be present. -McCAMMON
Battery C-1: Practice game at 3rd street entrance to Russell Field at 6 .15 p m. today, September 26 MeWORKMAN.
All Union Workers: Important meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom Be there. —HULS.
Metallurgical Engineers: There will be a free AIME smoker in the Reception room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m Thursday, September 28 All Mets are urged to attend this fii‘st get-together. —BECKER
POMM: All members of Purdue Order of Military Merit will meet in room 103 of the Armory at 4 p m Wednesday, September
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 7 •30 p m. m room F of the Union
A-/
YOU SAVE MONEY When You Pay For Quality
Triton Club Call-out: Meeting for all in forested co-eds on Tuesday, September 26,
Mortar Board * Luncheon meeting Tuesday, September 26, in the Union grille —SAURER SAE: Smoker .tonight, September 26, at 7 30 in the Unidn faculty lounge —KRATZ
Purdue Motorcyclists: More riders invited to formation practice Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4 p. m Meet at corner of Union. Important meeting Tuesday, September 26,
NOT TOO LATE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., SEPT. 27,7:00 p.m. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS, WED., SEPT. 27 ADVANCED, THURS., SEPT. 28 6:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Director-y
• Florists
• School Supplies
Dorne/s Flower Shop
"DEAC"
Quality Flowers
Everything for a
Main at 7th Phone 6050
College Education
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH
Sperb Hardware
Jeweler and Optometrist
Quality Mdse —Lower Prices
504 Main St.
822 Main Phone 2777
MONITE INSURED MOTH-RROOF DRY CLEANING means protection, longer wear, better looks for fine clothes.
SAVE YOUR SHIRTS Give them the benefit of finer, protective Crown laundering. ONE FULL YEAR'S WEAR guaranteed for all shirts laundered here exclusively.
FOR RENT—^Newly furnished rooms, single or double, twin beds, graduate students preferred. Phone 45962.
LOST—Small green trunk delivered to wrong address Yellow Cab Co. Phone 6023. LOST—^A brown bill fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8486. Cary HaU N. W. 321.
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Harley-Davidson ’86—74 saddle bag, wheel straps, good condition, $210. 229 Fowler Ave., phone 61158. FOR SALE—Tuxedo, size 84. Good condition, reasonable price. Phone 3986.
WANTED—Student to share double room; new single bed. 219 Waldron or phone 46762.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersboff, 606 Main Street.
(-NOTICES
Agricultural Education Society: Meeting end smoker Thursday night September 28. at 7:30 o’clock in the Old Chestnut room.
A Combination
TUNE IN WITH PAUL WHITEMAN Every Wednesday night, CBS stations.
LISTEN TO FRED WARING and his Pennsylvanians, 5 nights a week NBC stations.
or those who want the best in cigarette pleasure
Make four nextpack—
esterfields
Copyfight 1939, Liggbtt <c Mybks Tobacco Co.
You’ll find in Chesterfield’s RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best homegrown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos a more refreshing mildness, better taste and a more pleasing aroma than you’ll find anywhere else. It*s a combination entirely different from any other cigarette ,,, a good reason why smokers every day are getting more pleasure from Chesterfields, Youll like them.
% V
f!
1 «
%
^ I