fit’
1' ' 'l'
' lii “ ^ ft \ r
EDIT COMMENDS Extra-Curricul.ar ^ Activities
MERRYGO-ROyni Relates l^nformatton On Lewis Vs. WLB
Established 1889
Like To Swim 7 ?
Volume 56, No. 6
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May If, 15^43
Convo, Dance Will Bolster Stamp Sales May 28
Coeds To
At Druggists Banquet On Man^s Psychology
Perform
Nurses Aide Duties
Kenton Band To Play For Students In Music Hall
Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied' psychology, was the principal speaker last night at the dinner of the thirteenth annual Druggists’ Business Confer-
Opportunity to really pitch in and help in work vital to the success of our war eifort has finally been offered to University
Boosting the sale of War Stamps will be the business of the evening on Friday, May ;28, when a conyo at the Music Hall and an informal dance featuring Stan Kenton will be held in the Union ballrooms from 8:30 to 11:30, directly following the 7 p. m. convo. According to Will Hiller, Union president, tickets for the convo will be given with the pur-
coeds in the form of a Junior Nurses’ Aid Program, according chase of fifty cents in war stamps. Those not attending the convo may buy their ticket for the
ehce held in the north ballroom of the Union. Dean Jenkins of to Betty Jane Ribordy, Women’s Social Chairman, who an- dance at the ballroom door for $1.65 plus fifty cents worth of stamps.
the Pharmacy school presided, and Prof. F, sistant to the President, said ^
a few words concerning the work of the University in the
war effort.
Dr. Knight spoke on the common lot of man ,saying that a person should see, recognize, manage and use both the feminine and masculine fractions of his total
C. Hockema, as- nounced that the P. I. A., in cohjunction with St. Elizabeth’s — and Home Hospitals, will spon-
The War Council hopes to increase the sale of stamps in general by this affair. War Stamps
are on sale from Mondays to
Cadette Leeds Tells Of Life At University
Aviation Coeds Like Campus, Instructors; No Longer Feel Out Of Place In'EdV Haunts
By Marguerite Leeds
So people want to know how we Curtiss-Wright Cadettes spend our time, eh ? Well, contrary to some reports, it’s not
sor a program patterned after the similar movement which has spread over the country. Nurse shortages have arisen throughout the country, and Lafayette has not been spared. With the majority of nurses gone to serve at the battlefields, those remaining find themselves severely over-burdened, and herein lies the
coed’s opportunity.
Mrs. DeTar Says Coeds Spend Fewer Dollars
'Dozens And Dozens' Of Young Men Use New Non-Profit Loan Fund In Emergencies
By Peg StelFes
Coeds spend less money while at college than boys, contends
Aides To Perform Essential Tasks Mrs. DeTar, 414 Russell street, who, in her hobby of conducting danS^a^pSed"^l^dirfd8Se Aside from her essential duties, fund for University students, has lent nominal amounts spots, the Palladium in HoflyWoqd,
Fridays' at 4 p. m. in a permanent booth at the door of |Jie
Sweet Shop.
Service Men Admitted Free Sailors and advanced m^tary men on active duty op i^e campus will be admitted pf charge to the convo, and they 3D(iay attend the dance for the price of the
ticket alone.
much different from that of an ordinary coed—only we spend perform of money, ranging from five to ten dollars, to “dozens and Hotel Sherman of Chicago and the
more of It and in a little different manner. a hundred tasks a day, tasks equal For purposes of arranging classes, divisions were formed, in importance to her other duties, with AB,and CD changing about their schedules every other but at the skme time not requiring
day—one side can tip off the
£)li. F. B. KNIGHT “Adolescents Are Insane”
self—the basic principle of .good self management. He divided the mature period of a man’s life into thwe stages — early matuiity, of high energy and productivity; middle. and late matuiity, the stage when man has less energy and more thihgs to do with less lesouices.
FobI, Wise Man Alike
“A wise man and a fool,” said Dr. Knight, “have the same possibilities. Both can get; both can hole!, and both can try to let go. However, that is where a wise man qncl a fool part company, for it takes
other as to what’s coming and vice versa—not that it helps much. That schedule is on a “strictly personal” basis. As evidence, we take applied mechanics for six houis a week, with math a paitner in this eveiyday setup. Three hours a week we learn of the an plane and its engine, aeiodynamics and plant administration under the title of Job Terminology (raison d’etre of those gliders and plane models). Drafting hits an all-time high with eight hours of lab and an hour of lecture, and shop takes care of another four houis with an accompany two hours of properties and processes. Gym for two hours and supervised study for another eight
complete the week.
Cadettes Used To Purdue Now On the whole, the adjustment of the Cadettes from Business Administration, Home Ec and Science majors to this engineering chourse has been comparable to that first day at the University when we were huriying through the hallowed male halls of the engineering buildings blandishing slide rules and wearing slacks, bandanas and jeep suits. We
her highly specialized training. These tasks, small but nonetheless essential, will fall to the Nurses’ Aids, and thus the nurses themselves will be relieved for more
vital service.
The program will be open to all coeds, particiTlarly those with previous training; and all who can, are urg-Sd to participate. The hospitals
Purdue Independent Association have declared that 80 girls could
PIA Selects Young, West To Serve As Summer Officers
dozens of young men”. Meadowbrook, in the last year. The Mrs. DeTar is interested in helping students who run short oi'^bestra of seventeen muricians
j? . -1 1 •! feature Dolly Mitchell and &ed
of money, temporarily, while . , ... ■ T ^
. , , » , Dorns along with the six foot two
waiting for checks from home Kenton.
or from jobs. She supplied the Popular Dance Band initial capital; and when the .-Down Beat”, the musicians' demand for loans grew to such magazine, in March gave this Oran extent as to deplete it, she ganization the best feature story was forced to add to the original ever accorded an orchestra as evi-
pot three times. Feeling that students who use this service will find it worth while, Mrs. DeTar expects
University Graduate Holds Important Job In War Production
announced today that Margaret Young, elected Coed Executive, would take over the duties of the president of that organization in the absence of Lloyd Myers, elected
very easily be put into service. Volunteers To Work Three Hours That service will consist of one three-hour period weekly for each
volunteer. It must be realized, how-
President. Myers, a member of the ever, that full attendance will be
ERG, was recently called into ac-
tive service.
Margaret Young has served for four semesters as a member of the board and during the past semester has served in the capacity of Secretary, and was elected to the position of Coed Executive for the present term. She is also a member of Gold
absolutely required, as the duties
cannot be neglected.
Wednesday evening at 7:30 p. m., at the PIA Office, 2nd floor of the Union, a call-out will be held to gauge the interest of the coeds. Accoiding to Gene Andre, publicity chairman, the PIA feels assured that, given the opportunity, the
Fred Riebel, Jr., a University
graduate has been made pr-esident each boriower to contribute a small of the Brewster Aeronautical Cor- sum to the fund, portion. Long Island, New York, Loans Given Without Reference which is part of the famed Henry J. After a year or so, if the fund Kaiser war pioduction oiganiza- is built up to take care of all callers, tion. Mrs. DeTar hopes it will be profitMr. Riebel who is a product of the able. She believes that her system University, was in charge of cata- of loans without references on the pult equipment with the war pro- word of the borrower is better than
Peppei, Kappa Delta Pi, Alpha Universtiy coed would sincerely apLambda Delta, ahd is a member of ply herself to any task vitally con(See PIA, page 4) nected to the country’s welfare.
duction board at the time he was appointed president when the navy took over the Brewster Corporation. Kaiser is chairman of the board of directors. Aim For Fast Production In mid 1942 the navy threw out the management 'of the Brewster Coi’poration for nonproduction, and (See UNIVERSITY GRAD, page 4)
charging a fixed fee, which is not in keeping with the spirit of the
thing.
According to Mrs. DeTar, who
dence that Kenton has one of '&e most popular dance bands still playing for music-minded dancqr3. Kenton has been a featured piano player with the big name bands and several months ago he organized his own band in Hollywood. He started studying the piano at tan but soon quit. At fourteen he threw other interests aside and has studied music earnestly ever since.
Make RKO Picture
The yoqng band leader has a return engagement at the Meadowbrook beginning in June, from there he will travel to the Palladium and
says she gets lots of enjoyment out i^^^di^teiy he and his or-
of helping appreciative and honest
a m8.ture wisdom to make a place
for a younger man, to bow out of aie used to it now, and probably on^’s position in the woild grace- iiothing will evei suipiise us again. „ Our instructors aie swell; and
Another idea expressed by Di. Knight was that aU adolescents aie practically insane. He said that he had one in his house between the honrs of 11 p. m. and 7 a. m., but the rest of the time he had twenty. “And how cleanly they can laid the ice-box,” he chuckled.
H^ne Speaks
.^t the opening session of the conference yesteiday, war-tunc devclophierits alfecting pharmacy weie presented by thiee leadcis fiom ■Wdshlnglon, D. C.: Homy W. Home, on leave of absence from the University to serve with the di ugs and cogmotics section of the WPB; E. F. Kelly, secietary of the American Pharmaceutical Association, and Frank Delgado, head oi the chemicals and drug pi ice bi anch, OPA. This moiming will be given over entirely to the sixty-second annual convention of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association, with fiuther discussion of war-time business and professional problems in pharmacy scheduled loi this afteinoon .
they, too, have reached the relaxing stage. No longer do they stutter after a slip of “Hey, fellows” and “you guys” is a familiar appellation. Wo owe them a lot moie than their conscientious effoit to “give us the light”, foi they have contributed immeasuiably to oui undeistanchng of the University, hci tiaditions, and our acceptance hcie.
Doorman Frowns As Coed Tries To Enter Navy Halls
WAA Finishes Picnic Plans For Tonight
Frosh Bum Pots In Spite Of Rain
Rain, the wettest around here for some time, did not deter the eai nest freshmen from performing their traditional duty of binning the sign of their lowliness, last night on intramural field. Two fires were started by the zealous frosh from a majoiity of the fraternities and Cary Hall, with the pots going up in smouldering flame. According to thpsc piesent, an indeterminate nuniber woi'c visible through the damp air but enough to‘do a thorough job on the pots.
With the closing of the ticket sales yesterday, plans were completed for today’s WAA infoimal picnic outing. Giils will meet at the gym at 5 ji. m. in sport dicss to hike out to the WAA cabin about a mile from the campus. The picnic today will be a social get-together which will not last late. Entertainment will take the foim of leficshments and group singing. For this first WAA outing of the semester, call now freshmen, Cur-tiss-Wiight, RCA and Wright girls weic especially invited.
By Margaret Baynes
With the night editor’s “But the paper must go out, get that story” ringing in her ear, one of the Exponent’s many feminine reporters bravely climbed the Cary Hall West steps, obseived a moment of silent piayer because the sentry hadn’t put a bullet in her back, opened the massive dooi, and loudly demanded
a sailor to inteiview.
The dooiman fixed the feminine intiudcr with an outraged eye and shouted “Go away, little girl,” so the next fifteen minutes weie spent in explaining that he was the Officer of the Deck, not the doorman, and that she merely needed a sailor to interview for the Exponent.
O. 1). Calls For Help
The 0. D. (eveiyone uses initials now-a-days) retreated to a safe distance and screamed for help,'and almost immediately two or three men came rushing to his rescue. They called a conference and went into a huddle behind the reception desk to
decide what to do.
Half an hour later, during which
“Ohio, New Jersey, New York, Indiana, Washington, Ohio, Virginia,” came the answers. “Where
are you from ? ”
“She’s asking the question,
boys,” said the O. D. helpfully as
he retired to his end of the office. Like Play&hop, A1 Stewart
finish it.
Sailors Spend Busy Day
However, being stationed at the University includes more than singing and playing. Each day a “Daily Work Sheet” is issued naming the uniform of the day and the day’s program outlined by hours. The
“How do you like convos ?” came sailor’s day includes physical ex-
ercises, room cleaning, mess call, colors, classes. Captain’s Mast, (whatever that is) mess call, more classes, mess again, evening colors, study period, tattoo (preliminary
to taps) and finally taps at 10.
University students, the borrower may contribute whatever he can afford. Student “Forgets” To Repay One young man borrowed ten dollars and made off to California, “forgetting” to repay his debt. Mrs. DeTar merely said that this was a “youthful prank”, and didn’t accuse him of being dishonest. She is now coi’responding with him. When asked just exactly why she started the whole idea, the lady said, “I knew it would be a welcome thing and I enjoy meeting young people and talking- to them since my son is with the armed forces.” Mrs. DeTar tries not to loan over ten dollars, since she doesn’t want to encourage anyone to spend more than he should.
ohestra will make an RKO picture with Frank Sinatra, formerly with
Tommy Dorsey.
Exponent Receives First Class Rating From College Press
the next question; and, confusing Playshop with Convocations, they said that they liked the shows very much, especially the plays. They particularly liked the musical skit put on by A1 somebody after the Chamber of Commerce program in the Music Hall. In fact, the same A1 somebody is starting and Stewarting a Navy Glee Club for the boys. Also in formation is a Navy Dance Band (as soon as the instruments arrived from Great Lakes)
and a Drum and Bugle Corps. Planning Ba.seball Teams
“Yeah, and we’re forming baseball teams, too,” shouted New York
excitedly.
“Are you going tq play the
AWS Freshman Petitions Due Today In Union
First Class is the rating receiveu by the Exponent in the annual judging of College papers throughout the nation by the Associated College Press recently. Highest award of All-Americ»n went to seven college papers in the daily college publication gmupt Iwhile ten college puhlicatipns throughout the country were cho^^n ofr the award of pacemaker. The Exponent was the recipient of the All-American award three ye^rii ago, and the First Class rating the
year following.
All college publications throughout the nation are eligible to enter the contest in which a total of 1,125
All petitions for AWS freshman
“Only we call it bells. Everything lepicsentative elections, scheduled points is the maximum obtainahlle is in ship lingo, so we’ll be used to Thursday, should be turned in f^j. papers superior in ever respect.
Aimy?” the reporter had the cour-
the reporter studied diligently thq age to ask. chart oJ knots on the wall, came the “No, we’ll just play among' our-verdict-order, “Rout out five men selves. Besides, the Army problably
Passporl-s C. S. Doan, manager ot ticket sales, announced today that student identification cards for the summer term activities are now available at the ticket ollice in the fieldhouse. Students are advised to call for their passports as soon as possible. Since all passports are the same color, there Will not be any Assigned days for any certain group to get their passports. ^ >|»j 'yWg
and send them down hoie.” “Oh, but one will be plenty!” “No, we’io going to do this up right.” And so the large office by the main hall filled with sailors until the 0. D. shouted, “OK, sis, cany
on.”
Interviews Seven Sailors ’fhe reporter, clutching a corner of the desk weakly as seven pairs of eyes turned in her direction, gulped, “I, a-a-what- a-a-a, do you-a-a-a where are you from ? ”
doesn’t have a team.”
calling floors “decks” and walls “bulkheads” when we’re stationed
on ships.”
Slang Used Constantly When Ohio finished this remark, the room filled with, “Yeah, and the ceiling is “overhead”, stairs ladders”, ground floor “zero deck”, kitchen “galley”, dining room “moss hall”, bed “sacks” or ‘hammocks”. Hitting the sack” is going to bed; chow "hounds” answer mess call quickest; fopd is chow”, coffee ‘Java”, sugar “sand”, spinach “grass”, chicken “sea gull”, pepper “fly specks”. Steel wooling the
today, at the West Desk of the Union or the office at WRH North signed by twenty-five freshman
girls.
All new coeds, either first or second semester freshmen, will be permitted vote between 8 and 5:30 p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union by showing their passports. The form to be used is as follows: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the office of freshman representative for the summer teim-^:: ” For further information concerning elections, call Lois Veit, 8413.
Papers are graded on every feature including style, method of handling stories, covei’age of the available news, type and quality, feature articles, make-up of t^e paper, editorial quality, sports coverage and writing quality, headline correctness and other ipaportant features.
University Sells 47 Head Of Cattle
Getting hack to a safer subject, decks, which is a Saturday morning the reportei asked if the boys liked preliminary to inspection, is called to sing. The answer was decidedly the “Great Lakes Shuffle”, and of“Yes,” and favorite songs included ficers are called . , “Anchors Aweigh”, “Here Comes To fill the sudden silence, the rethe Navy”, “Praise the Lord and porter asked how they like the Uni-
Mudball
Pass the Ammunition”, and something about “My girl’s a corker, she’s a New Yorker”—at this point the boys shut the .singer off and explained that it was one of those songs that went on and on, and
there wasn’t enough time, ha, ha, to swell!”
versity. They, were fervent in liking the campus, the village, their excellent quarters on the ship, and poetic about the good food; townspeople asked them out, and coeds teadanced them, so “We think it’s
hey there clarance my hand is all swolen it hurts very much i think it is broken i got it smashed in the rush when i went to pick UP some chewing gum off the sidewalk —MUDBALL
Approximately $20,000 -wortl^^of cattle were sold yesterday by the Univeisity cattle farm throu||ih an auction held at the judging lion. A large number of cattle breeder s attended the ^sale which proved to be a great success. In all, 47 head of cattle were sold at an ave|;age price of 387 dollars, the highest price being 700 dollars each for ft heifer and a bull. These sales ax» held every year in order to regulate the size of the herds on the farm.PagB 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, May 11, 1943
Purdue Exponent
dffiees; E^torial an^ fiuslnest Purdue, Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spo^H, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial 1*hone After J0f>. m., 5377
Honoinrr Editoii V Honorary Koitbr Honorary Business Manager With thO Colors
William G. Hoskins Dale B. BnU Gerhard H. Klouman
B4K0T.. , Hanaeinir Editor Advcrtiking' 'Manager BMTtB Hditor ■ Coed Editor
Robert W. Bosw inkle James G. Petty Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson Jean l^iier
1 A. _ Publication Staff W V Edjjtorial Staff Aasociab^^iMrs: H. B. Ahbelt, C. C. Marlindell, E F. Murphy, Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C J. Wilbur Cci^ StaS\ Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes Sports Start: K M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C E Sowards, S A. Watson. '' Susiness Staff AssiabHlb fttvi^isinit Manatrer: C. L. Gaunt, Layon Wiwtor.; J. B. Tabb CirculltIbn'Manaffer: R. G. Sauerman. Acconhts Manager: Mary Dilts.
> J J
Editor|W|cHiee,
I •
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squler
Staff For This Issue
KightEditor: Murphy / Sports Editor: Sowards Diy Editor: Howes Issue Editor; Hammel Reporters: Erb Ward Baynes, StciTcs, Garrett.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at flic special rate of postage provided for in section lies, act of October 3, 1917. authorired January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year Dehicrcd locally by earner for $1.2B for a semesterf by mail for $1 60 for a semestel Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk, of the Union Represented foi national advertising by National Advertising Servlet, Inc, College Publishvrs Representatives, 42(1 Madison-Avc N w S it V i.
In Defense Of Activities ... FoT tile past two weeks the columns of the Exponent have been liberally sprinkled with stories of callouts—Union, Activities Bureau, Debris, Musical Organizations, Playshop, PIA, WBAA, AWS, WAA, and so on 'down the alphabet, with the largest number of column inches going, naturally, to the noblest of all, the Exponent itself. The response has not been at all gratifying. Some members of the faculty have always been opposed to activities, and they received added support when not a few professors meeting tKeir first classes after Pearl Harbor came out flatly against activities as a waste of the time and energy which should be devoted to preparation to service for the cduntry. With that point of view we cannot agree. Being able to work with other people is just as important now as it ever was, if not more so. The war has not turned people into cogs in a machine. The person who has taken orders and given them, had some of his ideas accepted and some better ones rejected, learned when to approach the big executive and When to hold his place, and discovered how to get along with his co-workers and his superiors at the .same time will find that his time and energy are far from wasted. Some representatives of both faculty and students say that activities are all politics, and in such an unnatural situation no one can get anywhere without a friend or two. We advise anyone with such fears to borrow the Library copy of Dale Carnegie’s How to Win Friends ^fid Influence People and come out— not tlfiat the, book is any good, but perhaps it will give the hesitator courage to investigate for hitaiself. Such politics as he finds will not differ much from the politics that he will meet off campus; in fact, a good deal more emphasis will be put upon how valuable he is than upon how valuable his friends are. Faculty objections cannot be blamed for the lack of interest in activities, however; for students generally make up their own minds. MosUof'-Hio minds seem to be made up something likg this: In two weeks J will probably be in thie* army, and besides it is awfully hot in the .summer; so I guess I will just have fun. Some upriglil ‘-tucK dus may have resolved to study and there! I ire are .shutting themselves in their rooms from four till six each day. It is hot in the summer. There is no denying that argument, but activities are entertaining as well as educational, and one way to beat the heat i^.to become so involved in .something that the temperature and humidity are forgotten, ^ Some men undoubtedly will be in the army in two weeks; some probably will be in in a week and a half. But there is always the week and a half, and there might be more. Coeds, who as yet need not have draft jitters, have more than two weeks and will be groomed for positions fortherly held by men. At least the eds can meet the coeds who will hold the job,s they mighj; have held. (The activities ratio i.s considerably more equal than thp all campus ratio). P’or t^ie students who have put away activities peace time luxuries, there is a .saying that no Purdue student puts forth his best effort until he i.s overworked. Working on an activity does not necessarly mean that the war (^lffbrt’‘will be retarded by the increased consumption qf electricity in the early hours ■ of the-morning, but .serious work does mean that the daiiy schedule must be efficient. Ac-
msiimoH tm R,, U S P«l OM MERinr‘60>R0WD By DBEW PEARSON Washingt-on Insiders Believe Lewis Will Not Stop Coal Production; OVA AhahmWs Poultry ROtiOniftl WASHINGTON—You can maik it down as definite that the coal mines will remain open for the duration. John L. Lewis will not resume the strike when his 16-day “truce” with the operators expires. •At the same time, don’t be surprised if thefe is no real settlement of the coal wage dispute in the form of a new contract between Lewis and the operator’s. This may sound like a paradox, for the ihine labor boss has stated repeatedly that members of his union won’t “tresspass” on the property of the operators unless they have a contract. However, to insiders who have been close to the coal crisis from the beginning, the answer is obvious: Lewis is willing for Interior Secretary Harold Ickes to continue as czar of the nation’s coijl mines after the 15-day truce ekpires, in which ckse the miries still would be the property of the government. When Ickes, in his capacity as Solid Fuels Administrator, announced last Tuesday, two days after a long conference with Lewis, that he was retaining control until the “coal business is a going corfe^rn,” he meant until he was assured of continued production— or for the duration, if necessary. While Ickes didn’t say so, he assumed that Lewis might not sign a new contract with the operatoi's while the War Labor Board had jurisdiction of the case. This has been borne out by developments since. Lewis Vs. WLB The mine labor boss not only has refused to negotiate with the War Laboi Boaid, which he suspects of being prejudiced against the miners, but he and his advise!& have decided privately to sign no contract with the opeiators as long as the WLB has jurisdic-
tion.
Lewis would rather take his chalices with Ickes, who has shown no great love f6r mine operators in the past and who already has made two conce.ssions to the miners since taking over—a guaranteed six-day week and a promise to clean up profiteering by operator-owned commissary stores. Also, Lewis would like nothing better than to hold the WLB up to public ridicule for failing to settle the coal strike. This, apparently, is part of his strategy, since he knows that Ickes will be compelled to retain control of the mines, whether the Interior Secretary likes it or not, if there is no settlement. At the end of the 15-day truce period, the mine labor leader can tell Ickes in effect: “We will not continue woik if you turn the mines back to the operators, since the United Mine Workers traditionally do not work unless they have a contract However, wc cannot strike against the goveinment.” Ickes MayeConfinue Control So Ickes will have no other recourse than to retain contiol of the mines if he wants to keep them in production. Just how much more Lewis can expect to get from Ickes, in addition to the concessions he has received, IS problematical. The Interior Secretary aheady is waveiing a little under heavy pressuie fiom White House advisers James Byrnes and Harry Hopkins and WLB Chairman AVilliam H. Davis. Inside fact is that Davis, under the urging of his associates, called on Ickes shortly after the 15-day truce was announced and told him flatly that he and his whole board would resign unless they were allowed to resume negotiations for a settlement of the mine dispute. Davis was blazing made about news stories that the WLB had been “by-passed” and that Ickes himself would endeavor to achieve a compromise settlement. There will be official denials, but these stories hit very close to the mafk. AVhile Ickes made no definite commitments to Lewis, he indicated that he would play an active role in effecting an agreement satisfactory to the miners, the operators, and, most important of all, to the nation. However, rather than provoke an open fight with the War Labor Board, Ickes subsequently agreed with Davis to step completely out of the pictuie and later announced to a press conference that jid would not intervene personally to get the miners amj operators to resume 'Collective bargaining talks. On the other hand, he will not relinquish the mines if there is any likelihood of a stiike—and this holds good for the duration. Around Washington Fi lends of Senator Burt Wheeler of Montana already have started beating the drums for him an as anti-fourth term Democratic presidential hopeful. . . . Versatile Bepresentative Clare Luce of Connecticut whiles away dull moments at hearings of the House Militaiy Affairs Committee by sketching cai icatures of prominent witnesses. . . . Freshman Representative Charles LaFollette is the only Republican Congiessman who suppoited the President’s foreign policies in the last campaign. LaFollette also has a libeial labor record. Poultry Rationing Is Off A month ago, the poultry section of OPA was urging rationing of poultry. But today the tune is changed. A lot of things have happened, including a telephone call fiom a woman who laises chickens in neaiby Viiginia. She had heard of the poultry rationing proposal, and she telephoned the OPA, said she wanted to speak to somebody about it. “I am just a small producer,” she said, “with about 200 chickens. But I am already so confused by all this red tape of rationing this and rationing that, that I believe if there was poultry rationing now, on top of everything, I would just sell out my chickens and quit.” Officials admit that this and many similar view.s woie factors in then switch. They aie afiaid of driving small producers out of business. Another factor is the difficulty of conti oiling distribution of a product which is handled ovci the back ionee. As it stands now, rationing of poulliy is out. (Copyiight, 194;i, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc.) livities take as much or ds little time as the student wants to give, but whatever hours the student does spend on the job with other students will not be wasted. Don’t take our word for it. Find out for yourself.—^s.b.
Favors Water Fights ' C. Biv^n$ Reinini$t@s On Gay Life In Old Ddrm By Mary Ruth Erb “Water-fighting was the most popular sport in the old Dorm —it’s Purdue Hall now—when I was there.” reminisced Mr. Clarence Bivens, prominent Lafayette business man of the
class of ’92.
John Purdue himself laid out the plans and supervised the construction of the original men’s dormitory. He was a ba,ch-
elor, and at that time he had '
made his home at the Lahr ^ ,ecommends number HouS6. Each day he rode paper sacks, and, of course, across the river on his huge, that was in the day of substantial brown horse to watch the paper, for ‘ water-throwing. He building of the new dormitory, Coasts that he can still hit what he his “pet”. And each day he used even from a fourthhis heavy knotted cane, another that time, constant companion, to sight down Initiation For New Students the half-completed structure to be soon as a new student entered certain that it was in good aline- the Dorm, he was duly and properly ment. The building was completed initiated, more or less to the amusein 1873; and in September, 1876, ment of everyone in the Dorm. John Purdue died at the Lahr “At another time,” Mr. Bivens House in Lafayette. chuckled, “Pat Murphy, an "IrishHad Reputation as Fighters man who lived in West Lafayete, The boys who liv'cd at tho Dorm was the object of our attentions. He had a reputation for being tho most man who did the hauling VICIOUS fighters in the neighbor- University, and rumor had hood. However, acording to Mr. it that he laic! for the boys with a Brvens, it was all harmless fun. shotgun on Ilallow’en, so we were
University Calendar Tuesday. May \ 1
All Day 6:30 P.M.
Druggists’ Confereiice Altrusa Club Presidents
Union Building Room 330, Union
Wednesday, May l2"
8:00 P.M. 4-H Club Junior Leaders Rooms, 363, 366, Union 7:00 P.M. A. 1. Ch. E... . Physics Lecture Room
Thursday, May 13
8:00 P.M. Ind. Soc. of Prof. Engineers Room 263, Union
Saturday, May 15
10:00 A.M. Ind. Coun. of Teach. Union Conf. E. Faculty Lge., Union 8:30 P.M. Kappa Delta Rho Radio Dance .. Chapter House
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus; Douglas Aircraft Co., Inc., Santa Monica, California—May 12. Inter.ested in A.E., M.E„ E.E., C.E. Curtis s-Wright Corporation, Passaic. N. J.—May 13. Interested in August engineers. Dravo Corporation, Pittsburg Pa. —May 17. Interested in August M.E., E.E., C.E.
He recalled to mind one incident when “some of the boys got hold of Mrs. Haller’s^ six weeks” old black calf, took it into the South End and tied it up on the banister of the lop floor. I was monitor at the time, and Dr. Test was in charge of the
going to beat him to the draw. We addressed a large box to ‘David Waterfall, Syiacuse, New York.’ We left it on the top floor and called for Pat .to come over and haul it
away.
When ho found out where it was.
Dorm. It was no fun to get the calf he refused to go up and get it, safely down again. I can still feel pi'obably because he knew he was my feet hurting where it stepped soaking. The boys agreed
on them.”
Stold Rubbish Wagon
At another time, some of the students managed to steal the wagon that was used around the campus
for picking up loaves, rubbish, etc. , , , . ,
rn. • 1 -J x 4.1, f ii, a f buckets, pitchers, and every imaThey carried it to the fourth floor of , ’ ^ ’ . , ,
, 4. -4. • 4.1, ginable water container, let loose,
the building and put it in tho room J. , „ „ . .. , 1 , 111 4 4 If that fellow got a drop of water, or the boys who had gone to a party , .nn xi.
to go up and get it, and they hi ought it down, placing it directly beneath the stairwell. As Pat stooped over to pick up the box, the boys who weie lined up along the fouith floor banister with slop
in Lafayette.
he got k barrel. Of course, the culprits were never apprehended.”
When tho wagon was found, Dr. u^.ement Used As Gym
Smart, president of the University at the time, invited the boys nr whose room the wagon had been found, to speak to him. The boys denied knowledge of the afliair and refused to carry the wagon down again. That incident occiured in the fall of the year and the wagon remained in the room until the fol-
The basement of the building was used for a gym until the memorial gym was built. The small wooden doors at the north end, were the entianco to it. That part is now used for storing electrical supplies. At that time there were 500 boys and 50 girls on the campus, a ten
lowing summei, dining which time fo ratio.
the boys used it as a table. Used Jelly For Another Trick
'J'wo Day Cleaning For Inspection The Doim looirrs were inspected
Anothei time, some of the fellows ^-wo or tluee times a month by the had been invited to a dance in La- iaculty member of the Dorm, and fayette, and those who had not gone occa.sionally Miss McCray or some went to the village, purchased a other lady professors would largo quantity of cheap jelly, and visit and inspect the Dorm. That smeared it all over the stair railing, ineant a two day clean-up campaign, When the other boys came home each boy was lesponsible foi
that night, in tho dark, they cover- room,
ed their hands, faces, and clothes .The boys ate at boarding houses with the jelly which they hadn’t wheie there were $1.75, $2.00, and been able to see. $2.75 Clubs. That puce included 21
But the principle and favoiite each week,
pastime was watei-thiowing, and South End Housed Math Dept, tho Doim soon came to be known as In 1902 the South End was a saiictuaiy into which no stiangei changed inlo the math depailment, could entei. Foi there was a tradi- and loi a few years more the North tion to tho eft’ect that any person End continued to be the Doim. who did not belong to the Dorm and The building had gas lights and who passed in fiont of it, would be steam heal. There were two boys deluged with water, be it man worn- to a study room, and each had an
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they arc interested in students for employ-
ment.
The Elective Sprayit Co., Sheboygan, Wis.-—Interested in ME, EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, May 11. Barber-Colman Co., Rockford, 111. —Interested in EE., physicists. Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus, Ohio—Interested in Ch.E., Met. E. Sign by Saturday, May 15. Stinson Aircraft, Wayne, Michigan—Interested in Engineers. Sign by Saturday, May 15. Sharpies Chemical Inc., Wyandotte, Michigan—I nt crested in M.E. Sign by Saturday, May 16. Reynolds Metal Company, Louisville, Kentucky—Intel osted in Met. E., E.E., M.E. Sign by Saturday, May 15. Placement Notes For Wohien Girl Scouts announce a $500 or $1000 scholarship to a woman interested in working on her master’s degree and who does her field woik in the Girl Scout office. Anyone interested should call Placement Service lor Women, 2955, at once for further information and details. Miss Gladys Benz, Associate Director of Clinical Nuising Education, Russell Sage College, School of Nursing, Troy, New Yoik, will be on campus Saturdady, May 8, to interview students interested in individual bedroom. Ten o’clock was the houi foi retiring, but lights out was not necessarily a signal for “mouths shut”. The boys weie awakened at six o’clock in the morning and weie expected to attend chapel services which were held each moining in the chapel which was located on the top floor of the Mam Building, now known as University Hall.
Corrective Clinic The Women’s Physical Education Department announce that the corrective clinic will be conducted again this s u m nr e r. Coeds who would like help in posture, foot, or weight problems are invited to come to the clinic on any Monday or Thursday at 4 P. M. in the corrective gymnasium at the Women’s Gym. Miss Marion Russell will be in charge of the clinic. Mixer To Honor Navy Officers On Sunday Naval officers stationed at Purdue will be honored at a novelty dance to be hold next Saturday in the ballrooms of tho Union. T)re officers are to be admitted by complimentaiy tickets which will be obtained at the door. Others will be admitted with the usual price of $1.10. The backdrop will depict the typical life of an officer hero at Purdue. On it will be an an plane in the backgiound with an officei and hia date in the foreground. Maury Mahii and his orchestra will play for the dancing from 8:30 to 11’30.
All Students Book Exchange is now paying for books. All money must be collected by Wednesday, May l2.
making nursing their career. For further information and appointments call Placement Seivicd for Women (2955) before 10 o’clock Saturday moining. National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Memorial Aeronautical Laboratory, Langley Field, Hampton, Virginia, announces openings foi women with majors or minors in mathematics to fill jobs as computers. They have opening’s for girls with six to twelve 01 moic hours of "mathematics, also foi typists, stenograph01 s, Lrboiatory apprentices, mechanical and office machine operatois. Anyone interested should call Placemen Seivice for Women, 2955, foi friithei information.
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW
imfmu — NOW PLAYING THRU SAT.
CRITICS RAVE! PUBLIC CHEERS! At last! The Great American Motion Picture. The story of people, real people, Americans all. It’ll reach into your hearts with its thrilling emotional appeal.,^" ' ™'HUMAIV^COMEOy whFWHK WOROAN JAMES CRAIG • MARSHA HUNT • FAY BAINTER RAY COLLINS • VAN JOHNSON • DONNA REEO JACK JENKINS • DOROTHY MORRIS • JOHN CRAVEN • ANN AYARS • MARY NASH • HENRY O'NEILL
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW ALCXANOEd KORDA pnunir
■ p,o(Hice4
-PLUS-
IinaiTied^i
ARCH • ^eto^^LAKE
NOW SHOWING FORCED TO LEARN HATE UNDER THE LASH OF TERROR! The year’s blazing drama of those unconquered by bullets or brutality
Id THE
, Starring ^ Ethel
WATERS
Eddie
* ROCHESTER Anderson ★ Lena ffORNE
wtfD GEORGE SANDERS WALTER SLEZAK KENT SMITH ( ONA O’CONNOR
with Louis Armstrong • Rex Ingram * Duke Ellington and bis Orchestra
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY ^A»Zs!*S®f
dnd '
)9mm
'Aift
» A RCPUBUC PICTUPe — ALSO —
— PLUS — POPEYE CARTOON
I
h {
• !
» 5,!M# ifi
, Boilrnfm^eer Spdrts
.Li.-.t »„i» .< ■■...■■/I.
jiivfiriR TRACK team EtHTlREb IM C|6K(feR|HCE track MEET
WAKASH BASf&ALL Same !SCHEDULEer FOR THIS ArrEKMCl&M
iiKr*ii.i,ifMjii
Little Giant Nine
325 Contestants Enter Forty-Third Annual Big Ten Track And Field Meet
Riveter Boxers Fehring
ave„l^«
For First Time
Nominates Ed Misseltom Return Game With Wabash
On Friday and Saturday of this week, the 43rd annual Big Ten Track and Field championship will be Weld at Dyehe stadium, NorthWestern University. A total of 226 njeh have been entered in the meet by the ten competing' schools. Although all of the teams have lost meh to the armed services this spring, the caliber of competition is ejfp'ectfed to compare favorably with tha't of previous years. The battle for team title is exPfidted to hinge between Illinois and hfichlgan who will resume a rivalry he|fun in their recent dual meet in ■v(>ljich the mini emerged victorious, 6^ to 60, for their first victory overjvjidhigan since 1929. Illinois has t|ie best track team that it has had il| nearly a decade and the Michi.p^n squad is the winner' of the re- ' cept indoor championship. Michihas a very large team ,which ipeans that they have a chance to jjjlther more points with the additiopal places that they might capture. The remainder of the field appears to lack sufficient all-around balance to threaten the two favorites. Buckeye’s Defending Champs Ohio State, winner of last year’s mget meet with 66 V3 points, has only a handful of its strong 1942 squad remaining. Dallas Dupre, defending broad jump champion, is the only returning first place winn^rV in the Buckeye cast. Ohio State’s hopes were hard hit by the ineligibility of Bob Wright, Winner of both hurdle events last year. Two former national intercollegiate champions, Charles “Whitey” Hlad of Michigan Normal, and Harold Hunt of Nebrasica, will compete in the meet as a result of wartime eligibility standards. Hlad, who holds the world’s record for the 60yard hiu’dles, will represent Chicago where he is enrolled in the university’s meteorological institute. Hunt, former N.C.A.A. pole vault champion, is enrolled in Noithwestern university’s Naval Midshipmen’s Training school. Another former star’, Charles Marshall, recently of Butler university in Indianapolis where he was an outstanding hurdler, will be competing with the Michigan team. Marshall is in training at Ann Arbor under the armed service program. Hlad Favored In Hurdles Hlad is a heavy favorite to win both hurdle races as well as place in the 100-yard dash. He has competed in Maroon colors during the outdooi season. Hunt, who was prevented from representating Noithwestern in the recent six-way moot at Dyche stadium by an attack of mumps, is expected to be ready for action in rhe championship meet, mini Team Built Around Matter Illinois’ hopes of winning its first outdoor title since 1934, center around the veisatile star, Heib Matter, who won 19 points in the dual meet against Michigan. In that meet Matter won the low hln-dles, 220-yard dash and broad jump, tied for fli’st in the high jump, and took second in the pole vault. He will probably enter most of these events in the Conference meet. Othet potential point winners for the mini include Bob Kelley and Bill Beile, in the middle distances. Bob Seib in the mile, and Clarence Dunn in the two mile. In the Wolverine meet, Kelley, a senior, scored an upset by beating Bob Ufer, indoor quarter mile champion, while Beile, a fre.shman, conquered John Roxborough in the half mile. Michigan Paced By Ufer Michigan, ivhich has won four of the last six outdoor chamiiionships and captured the indoor meet last winter, has a well balanced squad paced by Ufer in the quarter and Roxborough in the half. These two veterans will be out to a^one for their defeats in the Illm'ois meet. Ross Hume, a sophomore, who turned in a 4:19.4 performance in the mile tliis spring, and Dave Mathhews, veteran middle distance runner, are other Wolverine stars. Coach Homer Allen of the Boilermaker squad will probably take
The
Spo/dA.
{jJeWSL
L _
By Joe Dawson
Coach Jim Beers of the Boilermaker boxing squad has announced the awards made to the members of the glove team for their work during the recently closed season. For the first time in the history of boxing at the Riveter institution, letters were awarded to two members. Brothers Jim and Don McMillian were the recipients of the new
awards.
With reckless disregard for thfe weather-man, the Boilermaker baseball squad is scheduled to iqeet the team of diamondmen from Wabash college here this afternoon at four, on the Boilermaker diamond. This engagement will be the second against the Little Giants- this
A scarcity of manpower in the field events cost the Riveter season. Previously the Riveters cinder squad a certain second place and possibly a victory in Wabash squad nine tq
kiveters Take Third Place In Ttack Meet
Kinder Comes Through Hats off to Prod Kinder for his brilliant career-ending peiformance in the four team track meet held up in the Stadium last Saturday. . . . Fled won the mile run by beating the best Indiana, Chicago and Northwestern had to offer. To top this off, he took a third in the one-half mile and ran on the mile relay team which placed third. Incidentally, that fiist in the mile was the only winning peiformance tinned in by the Boilermakers all afternoon. Returns Despite Layoff Here, is the amazing part about Fred’s showing Saturday: As you probably know, he graduated from the PE school two weeks ago and has been home ever since. Just ask any trackman whsit a two week layoff will do to a fellow who has been in training for four or five months, Fred forgot about this layoff, however, and decided to make onC last effort for his old alma mater, so last Saturday morning he came back to school to run in this last Boilermaker track meet of the season. Hardest Worker On Team Fred’s college career reads somewhat like a story book. As a fi eshman he was just anbther green kid tiying out for the team. His past experience was riither nil, but there was npt a harder worker in the whole crowd than Kinder. It wasn’t until his junior year that Fred was 4ven able to take part in dual meets as possibly the third or fourth man for the Rivetel's. Throughout his college days, Fred has had the added handicap of having to work for every cent of money he had to spend heie. Truly A True Boilemaker This year Fred came into his own and proved to be one of the most valuable men Phillips had on either the track or cross country teams. However, up to the time of his graduation, Fred still had never won a race. ... He had been runner-up many times, but never the winnei. It took a lot of stuff for Fred to ^et out there Saturday, but the likeable fellow had the time of his life once he had started running. If there was ever a Boilermaker who tried harder than Fred to make Purdue a better and stronger athletic institution, it would be a pleasure to see him. It’s guys like Fred Kindei who have managed to keep the name Boilermakei as a constant thieat to all opposition.
Improve In PE 12
In a composit look at the records turned in in physical preparedness 12 classes last semester, it appears that there has been some definite improvements made in a large num-
bof of cases.
The P.E. 12 office compaied the pre-tests taken last January, at the start of the couise, with the posttests taken at the end of that same semestci, last month. The results ol the cases where major improvement was shown are printed below. One noticeable fact in the “pullup” tests, Frank Ruggieii improved almost 200 per cent. Also Frank won the Big Ten wrestling cham-
-i,! T T -NT i.T. j. j two on their home field. Today, wrth
last Saturday’s track meet with Indiana, Northwestern and practically the same squads the two Chicago. Three firsts and two second places in the field events teams meet again. Jim, a freshman and a member of ^ere enough to give the Hoosiers the meet lyith 45 points, the football squad, fought in the Northwestern totaled up 39V-j points to take second, while the heavyweight class, while Don, a Boilermakers nosed out the —
junior, was billed in the 166-176 Maroons by half a point by
pound class Both nren were-entered - 35
in the recent N. C. A. A. meet where
they made a very good showing un- Lou Sabai4 tallied 10 points
til defeated. In both cases they for Indiana by winning both the oval. In the gun lap Franck an were defeated by the boxer who fin- gj^ot put and the discUS, swei ed the challenge presented to
ally won the class championship. broadjump-
er, leaped 22 ft. 4 in to win that event. Midkiff and Hayes each scored three points for the Hoosiers by taking second in the broad jump
and discus.
Kinder Wins Mile
excitement of the meet when Northwestern and Indiana took command of the race at the outset and fought it out for the entire four laps around
Jimadvanced all the way to the semi-final round before he was out-
classed.
Chenille Awards In addition to the letter awards, chenille awards were given to seven of the other members of the team. Those receiving the emblem include Ted Owens, a yoeman from the Naval Training school here, Les Lavies, Don Heile, Bill Herron, Bill McClure, Leonard Milauskas, and Virgil Nicholas. Six members of the team won medals for their proficiency in the intramural boxing contest held several months ago. Winners include Steve Dowell, Don Heile, Jim Howell, Glen LaBaw, Ed Ruff, and
Bob Steele. Notice
Sweaters for both freslrhian and varsity basketball men have just arrived. Those who have sweaters coming may get them at the varsity checkout window in the sub-basement of the Field-
house.
him, and led Long of Indiana down the home stretch and across the I'irie for a Wildcat victory. / ,
As was expected by everyone
Whitey Hlad walked off with all the honors in the hurdles, winning both high and lows. To top off these win-
Fred Kinder, who was graduated Hlad also led the runners
the finish in the 100 yard
this Spring, scored the only first that the Riveters were able to attain when he won the mile run by several yards in the time 4:39.8. This was the final performance for Kinder as he is slated for induction into the army next week. Dan McVey crossed the finish line twice on the heels of Whitey Hlad to take second place in both the high and
low hurdles.
Ben Harvey, sophomore dash man, took second in the 220 and third in the century. Freshman Ken
across
dash. In all he scored 16 points for
Chicago.
Suciu, the Riveter’s small weight man, got off the best put of his career, a little more than 44 feet, and captured second in the shot put. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Hlad, Chicago; Long, Indiana, second; Harvey, Purdue, thud; Rue, Northwestern, fourth. Time—:10.6. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Franck Noithwestern; VanDeman, Purdue second; Lockett, Indiana, third; Ot-
Blodgett went out of the pole vault tenhimer, Indiana, fourth; Time
at 11 ft. 3 in., and took the runnerup position in that event. Frank VanDeman trailed Junior Franck of Noithwestern across the tape to take second place laurels in the 440 yard dash. Northwestern Beats lU In Relay The mile relay produced the most
:52.6.
One Mile Run—Won by Kinder, Purdue; Cushman, Northwestern second; Kelsey, Indiana, third; Mansfeld, Purdue, fourth. Time—'
4:39.8.
120 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Hlad, Chicago; MeVey, Purdue, sec-^
those men to the meet who placed in the four-way meet held here last Satfirday. He stated that their making the trip depended on the times that they turn in during the time trials to be held at practice Wednesday afternoon. The presence of Fred Kinder, star distance man who was graduated several weeks ago but is still allowed to compete in the present season, is dependent upon whether or not he receives his orders to report for induction before the time of the meet. Inr^iana Squad Is Darkhorse Indiana’s liquad Could easily be considered the dai khoi'sc of the meet. Although hard hit by the draft, the Hoosiers will be very good competition for all entrants if they are able to turn up with a full squad. Lou Saban, stpr shot put and discus man has received his draft orders and might not be able to participate. In addition, it is doubtful as to whether or not Harry Price and Don Quellor will be able to be with the team. They received thei'r orders to report for induction last week. Preliminaries for the meet are scheduled for Friday afternoon, and the final events will take place Saturday afternoon. 4
pionship this last season in
the
heavyweight division.
It might be
that our wonder course was a
rea-
son for this teat of prowess.
For the fellows who didn’t
im-
prove, but consistently upheld high
leeoids in all of the events, ratings
were applied according to the num-
her of the exercises done. The top
men as a result of these ratings also
are printed below.
Most Improvement In Push-Ups
Pre
Post
R. C. Hupp
25
76
M. L. Kuns
28
75
Harold J. Shirley
12
50
C. D. Williams
15
50
W. A. Summers
17
52
Daiioir C. Shelton
12
46
Most Improvement In
Pull-Ups
Pre
Post
Frank P. Ruggieri
10
26
Edwin V. Brown .
7
22
Wm. H. Buffington
6
16
Geo. H. Chi'istena
7
16
Clifford H. Johnson
3
12
Noil V. Bobeitson
4
13
Most Improvement In
Sit-Ups
Pre
Post
James N. Black
90
300
Donald E. Blue
30
225
E. Dan Bostn
38
153
Edwin W. Dioidoif
60
175
Milford M. Cheney
54
160
John Pieice
46
150
Most Improvcmeiil In Broad Jump
Pie
Post
D. W. Davis
85
116
W. F. Valachovic
65
95
W. E. Freitag
74
100
A. J, Wildman
79
104
Most Improvement In
'I’otul Scores
Pre
Post
11. J. Shiiley
206
430
D. C. Shelton
182
350
W. F. Valachovic
208 .
376
R. D. Raub
231
394
D. E. Blue
234
396
Goidon J. Graham
301
457
W. A. Sunimetb
268
418
rtarold Collings
246
389
Pariik K. Dawson
.. 202
340
Michigan Baseball Squad Faces Detroit Tigers At Ann Arbor Michigan’s championship baseball team will reach 1^he high point of its 1943 schedule today when the Detroit Tigers meet the Wolverines in an exhibition game at Ann Arbor. Big Ten titlists the last two seasons, the Wolverines have now won eight in a row this spring after dropping the opeqpr by one run. After facing the Tigers, Michigan will close its conference campaign in a two game series at Ohio State and two years ago after he had finished wind up the season with four “Oho'™'-' 1“''. S ^ , „ speeded somewhat by the $62,000 games against non-conference Wakefield received for sig’ning* a opposition. contract. Last season Wakefield led The Tiger exhibition is the Texas League in batting and scheduled for 6:30 p. m., EWT, at was voted the loop’s outstanding Ferry Field. As a feature of brief player award, pre-game ceremonies Regent Edmund C. Shields of Lansing will throw out the first ball. Shields was a member of the Michigan teams of 1896 and 1896 which faced Detroit’s professional predecessors to the Tigers. The last of those games was an 11-11 tie. Coach Ray Fisher probably will send Irving “Pro” Boim, junior fiom Chic^ago, against the Tigers with Mickey Fishman and southpaw Don Smith in reserve. What Manager Steve O’Neill’s pitching choice will be for the Tigers is unknown. To rookie Diclc Wakefield, Tiger outfielder, the game will be homecoming appearance. Detroit grabbed Wakefield off the Wolverine campus
W. E. Fieitag
210
374
Highest Ranking 'fotal “T” Scores “T” Score 972 Waltei R. Wolfe 918 Robert W. Platt 896 Spiridon Suciu 889 Joseph Mai tin Eggleston 888 Hariy P. Ochstem 878 James R. Shoemaker ^ 869 Tom Edward Burger 863 Elmer J. Hagerty 863 Elvin II. Seaton 853 Geoige R. Lefevie 863 Robert K. Weinfurtner
“PRO” BOIM, Michigan Hurler
ond; Warfield, Northwestern, third; Steele, Indiana, fourth. Time—:16.7. 880 Yard Run—Won by McClure, Indiana; Lowey, Northwestern, second; Kinder, Purdue, third; Gordon, Chicago, fourth .Time—2:01.3. 220 Yard Dash—Won by Long, Indiana; Harvey, Purdue, second; Clark, Chicago, third; Rue Northwestern, fourth. Time—:23.7. Two Mile Run^—Won by McKean, Chicago; Ashwell, Purdue, second; Shapiro, Chicago, third; Harrer, Purdue, fourth. Tune—10:13.5. 220 Yard Low Hurdles—-Won by Hlad, Chicago; MeVey, Purdue, second; Steele, Indiana ,third; Cooley, Northwestern, fourth. Time—:25.7. Shot Put—Won by Saban, Indiana; Suciu, Purdue, second; Deodiuc, Northwestern, third; Kroeger, Northwestern, fourth. Distance—48
ft., 714 in.
Discus Throw — Won by Saban, Indiana; Hayes, Indiana, second; Deodiuc, Northwestern, third; Suciu, Purdue, fourth. Distance—135
ft., 8V2 in.
One Mile Relay—Won by Northwestern (Johnson, Fargo, Lewis, Franck); Indiana, second; Purdue, third; Chicago, fourth. Time —
3:33.6.
Pole Vault—Won by Chatain, Noithwestern; Blbdgett, Purdue, and Rider, Chicago, tied for second; Ochstein, Purdue, and Frazier, Chicago, tied for fourth. Height—11 ft.,
6 in.
High Jump—Won by Rider, Chicago; Wold, Northwestern, second; Cooley, Noithwestern, third; Chatam. Northwestern, and Carlso, Chicago, tied for fourth. Height—5 ft., 11 in. Bioad Jump—Won by Steele, Indiana; Midkiff, Indiana, second; Buft'mire, Northwestern, third; Bruce, Northwe&tein, fourth; Distance—22 ft., 4 111. Baseball Schedule May 14 & 13—Purdue at Illinois. Ma> 18—Butler at Purdue. Ma> 21 & 22—Purdue at Wiscon-
sin.
June 1 & 5—Indiana at Purdue June 11 & 12—Purdue at Ohio State
This fray with the lads irom Crawfordsville will be the fdttrth ‘ game for the Riveters this settsop. In the season opener, a douhlehe^er with St. Joe College, the Bqilermaker squad edged out a pair,of
victories, 4 to 2 and 3 to 2.
In the next contest which-wak 'the one with Wabash, at Wabash, the Gold and Black-continued their record with another win, leaving 'fehe home team with quite a fine reCttQi»
to-date.
Last Game For Ehlers, Clhsemjtn Two versatile members of iifte' baseball squad, Ed Ehlers—^tbird baseman, and Roger Claseman—rcatcher, wind up their careerh as Boilermaker althetes in this contest. Ehlers was definitely a mainstay on the Boilermaker basketball squad last winter; and Claseman has for the last two years been-on the varsity wrestling team of the University. Both of these lads are designated by the ERC to report for duty this week end. In the initial game against,the Little Giants, the Boilermakersplayed “super” ball. Ed Misselhorn, winning pitcher, fanned ten mdn, allowed no walks and only three hits. Bill Burkhardt, Riveter shorfrstop stole four bases, all together the Boilermaker squad swiped nine.
The Line-up
The line up for the game this aft'Fernoon will be practically th^ sarAa ^ that has taken the field in the othir three games this season. . « i Ed Misselhorn, will start on the
mound. Roger Claseman, will 'wind up his career behind the plate with thfe game. ' ' ' Jim Jennings will hold down first-; Bob Irmscher will continue bfe duties on second. Ed Ehlers, finishes up his carfeSr as a Riveter athlete from third base. Bill Burkhardt, base thief deltiX,e, takes care of shortstop duties. Duffy Friend will cover left llMd. Tom Burger, fresh from a makeup test courtesy of the math department, will take care of oeiiter field. Bob Wright, veteran rightfielder, will occupy the right field positiftn.
IM Schedvdii, The following Sigma DeRa ii^i tests will be given Tuesday, Mhy ll, at 4. Broad Jump High Jump Shot Put Mile Run In case the weather has elbarCfdl up there may be some alterathWis W the tests to be given. The ahoih tests will be given in the Ffqid House. (See IM SCHEDULES, pagb 4) ' Athletes New Members of Iowa 'T Club Letter-winners who graduated or. who left the University of Iowa to enter the armed forces are amon^^ the 23 new members of the alUi^im “I” Club. Among the 18 recent athletcq now members of the club are shefe as Tom Parmer, the footbhlj* ahid baseball star;Ben Trickey, bikketball co-captain and letter in three sports; and Kenneth finback, Big "yen indoor pole champion.V * ij <*■
r.
j ^ -^r
PurSue Exponent
TuesSay, May 11, 1943
rt
Student Union To Hold Callout In Union, 4:30 Stuaent Union will hold its sum mi^r callout tomoiiow afternoon at 4 80 p m in looiii 363 of the Union Building All fieshnien and sopho moies eds and coeds alike shall be eligible for Union woik Sopho mores staitmg now ■will be able to petition foi the position of \ ice President this Decenibei The Student Union as an activit-y IS made up of six coniniittees each being a vital cog in the woikings of the gioup These aie the Publi city committee who^e dut'i it is to see that cveiy Union piogiain is put befoie the eves of the students and to adveitise the value of the Union, the Music loom committee in chaige of Music Room piogiains and receptions foi convo guests and celebrities, Clubs Recieation Pei sonhel and Defense committees AVar Committees \ewest One of the newest of these com mittees is the Wn committee They are now selling stamps foi the Stan Kenton Convo of May 28 Stamps will be the oiiH necessaiy adiiiis Sion to the convo and may be used as pait of the admission to the dance which will follow The Peisonnel committee is in chaige of all fie'^hmen and sopho inoie woileis They lecoid the houis and the woileis and assign them to the vaiious committees It IS this committee that takes caie of all equipment in the office and all geneial office woik as well as ai langing for boys to woil at the doors of the balhoonis on the van ous dances Mixers Assigned Mixeis aie assigned alternately to different committees and gioups during the veai This gioup is split up into seveial sections which aie assigned such jobs as painting a suitable backdiop hanging it tak ing care of adveitising and posteis for the dance wilting to the deans and aiianging foi chapeiones University Grad (Continued fiom page 1) Riebel was made president Riebel and Kaisei aie telling anybody who asks them that they aie going to match the fastest pioduction in the business Riebel inspned by Kaisei whom hg believes to be a lesouiceful pio duction man mav have othei means than moiale building in mind to boost Brewstei output But if so he doesn t mention them Retired Until Pearl Harbor At the time the Japanese attacl ed Peail Haiboi Riebel had been in retirement foi seveial yeais He had enjoyed a successful caieei in an executive capacity w ith \\ est inghouse Electric When the war bioke out Riebel asked foi a wai job and got into the army and navv munitions boaid He then worl ed as t ouble shooter n tjie navy s bureau of reioi autics He knocKed off three companies and the fourth was Brewster Corpora tion where the output was amaz iijglj low After an observation ne nod he told the navy w hat ought to befdone and he was assigned to do
the job
Was Selected \llAAestern Guaid After attending Indianrpoli-? public schools attended Orchard Lake Militaiv Academy at Orchard Lake Mich later attending the Umveisity and graduating in 1904 While at the Lniveisity Mi Riebel was active in spoits being a Hiembei of the football team all four yeais and All Western guard for two years He was a chaiter member of Phi Gamma Del ta social fraternity at the Univei sity, and since that time has been active in the national afhaiis of the fraternity Worked AVith AA estinghouse , For appioximately ten jeais ait er he left the Univci'-ity Mi Riebel woiked foi Wcstinghouse Electric in Pittsburgh From theic he went to work foi the Hamilton Beach Electric Companv and after twelve years was geneial manager and vice picsident of the Anway Elec trie Companj of Toledo Ohio Aftei several yeais in that capacity he retired fiom active business It was duiing his ictiiemrnt that the United States cnteied the war against the Axis Riebel staited woiking with the WPB then the navy and then with Biewstei undei
Kaisci
Lt, Elkins, '41, Dies In Colorado Crash Ibt Lt IincslN I Ikins Lnivei sity giaduatc 41 ii agncultuial chemrstij was killed in an iiiplane crash Monday May neai Suiai City, Coloiado Lt Elkins was in instiuctoi in flying in the aimy an eoijs He wag a membci of Phi Sigma Kapp i frateinity and had been icccntly man rod.
'Wasp' Survivor Tells Naval School Of Sea Experiences Ensign J A. McDonald suivivoi of the sinl ing of the U S Aircraft Caiiiei Wasp gave a talk to the men of the Naval Electr lean’s school last Saturday mo\ning in how lei Hall telling of his expeii enccs and giving spoken insti uc tioii in the methods uspd to abandon ship Ensign McDonald was aboard the Cair Hall for a visit Saturday after arriving back in the United States from active duty in the Paci fic Pie also demonstrated methods of abandoning ship to the sailois in the field house pool during his visit Experienced Sinking Of Wasp During his talk Ensign McDonald gave an account of his experiences on the Wasp during her sinking Ho also cautioned the men of the necessity of swimming with the wind while on the open sea thus causing less fatigue At the same time he stressed the necessity for men swimming in oily 01 gasoline covered water to keep their heads above the surface in or del not to collect a heavy coating of the greasy materials Advise Against Use Of Crawl He also advised against the use of the ciawUstiol e while swimming in the ocean but counseled the men to use the breast stroke side stroke 01 bad stroke in swimming to pro tect themselves from fatigue Ensign McDonald also gave fur thei cautions in the use of the life pieseivei or more commonly term ed Mae West He said sailors who inflated then M le West’s ’ befoie jumping into the watei were invariably badly injured or killed on sti iking the wrtei so that infla tion of the life preservers should be undertaken while in the ■water AA arns Sailors To Stick Together Final warning given was to the the effect that seamen torpedoed 01 other wised forced to abandon ship should stay in compact groups while in the water in older to pro vide mutual assistance to their comrades WAA To Hold Various Meets WAA will present a number of features for coed participation clui ing the next two weel s including a swimming meet and r tennis tour nament The organization will hold the amateur swimmiiip meet Eiiday May 21 at 4 p in in the AVomen s Gi m with conedv and legulation laces especially planned for ania teuis No official pi act ces are nec essdiy so rll coeds ire urged to sign up 11 the G\ m Alixed reel cation at he AVoiicn ^ Gvni 1 ext Friday M y 14 at 8 p m will feature the AA A A splash piity the fiist in a senes of planned games foi all eds and coeds A free swimni ng period will follow the games All Coeds rii^ible Eoi Tennis Meet Any coed may enter the ■women s singles tennis tournament which staits Monday May 24 Three piac tices of one set each are required if AVAA points aie dcsiied otherwise coeds need not practice officially Pi ctice blanl s may be obtained rt the Gym office these a e to be filled out and ban lod in to Pat Gan oil inytime fiom today to Friday M ly
21
lire m xcd doubles tournament staits Saturday Jiin^2t) while the touiney for gills tal mg tennis in class begins July 19 Fuithei infoi m ition will be published iii i late edition of the I xponent Blalock Advocates Migratory Habits Pet them y of Pi of G C Blalock of the school of Electrical Engi neeiing ■was eoveied in a class Sat iiday moining when he made the statement that m his opinion peo pie in the United States would soon be living m the Noith in the sum mei months and m the South m the wIntel Blaloel went on to say That is what the 1 i ds do evei y ye ii so why hould thev have i monopoly m this changing with the seasons ' AVe aio siiiiposeil to have moie SCI se th in the buds Christian Foundation will hold a skating party at 25 certs pel pci so I i id ly at 8 p 111 at till roLiiidation House to which all students aie invited liaiispoitation \/ill be piovided al though extia eiis aie welcome ic eoidmg to Alice 1 ox of the 1 oui da tion All stiiJerits mtcriliig to j. o lie lequestel to e ill Alice I ox 20 D 01 the I oundatioii house
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Si"
5 » e 'J
01043 Ch po Tim s Tnc.
- -
“He says oiii Junioi G-Man badges won’t do us any good neie We’ll hat e to go to the mam office foi one ”
IM Schedules (Continued from page 3) Due to conflicting schedules with the Navy Program, the days for Intraniuial softball have been changed from Tuesday and Thursday to same time Fraternity Softball AVednesday, May 12, 6 45 (Regular Games) Diamond— 1— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta Upsilon 2— Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Pi 3— Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Psi 4— Sigma Chi vs Beta Theta Pi 6—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Nu 6— Acacia vs Theta Chi 7— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Gamma Delta 8— Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 9— Phi Kappa Tau vs Theta Xi 10— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Tau Omega 11— Delta Ghi vs Triangle 12— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tail Kappa Epsilon 13— Tau Epsilon Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi 14— Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Del ta Theta 15— Alpha Chi Rho vs Kappa Sigma 16— Phi Kappa vs Phi Sigma Kappa 17— Pi Kappi Alpha vs Aimy A’ 18— Aimy “B ’ vs Aimy ‘ C” Fraf-ernity Rush All men interested m going thiough fraternity lush sign up in the Fraternity Afiiais Of fice room 360 Union Monday Tuesday or AVednesday be between I ind 5 30 p m A list of these names will be sent to friternity rush chairmen Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Dr. L. D. Brockway Discusses Electron Diffraction Before ACS Dr L D Brockway, of the Uni versity of Michigan, spoke on “Election Diffraction” at a meet mg of the American Chemical so ciety last night at 7 30 in Stanley Coultei Hall The meeting was veiy well at tended considei mg the unfortunate weathei conditions Election dif fraction on which Dr Brockway spoke has to do with the internal stiucture of the atom He talked on differ efit methods used by ch§mrsts and physersts to determine electron diffraction Slides were used to il lustrate the worker’s methods Dr Brockway has been teaching at the Umveisity of Michigan since 1938 He received his M S at Nebraska Umveisity and his Ph D at California Institute of Techno
logy
Notices
Ex Cary Club Mer Who have lived in Caiy Hall for four or more semesters and are not organ ^ed m y make appl cation for Associate Membersh p in Cary Cl b to Jim Bowen Room 430 CHS •—i-OWEN Secretaries of Honoraries and Organiza tions Plea e br np yo r copy for your page in the Debris to the Debris Woikshoj mme
4iatcly If you. have "“t, about your copy please call at the office at once —BENTSOtt ” Union Juniors and Sopohmorcs Please report to -ooms 280 and 257 to the Student Book Exchange 10 to 5 p m every ■week day until Registration Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the Summer Term Registiation may obtain Uieir chccKB oy calling at the Regstiars Union Board Impoitant mecHng Tuesday May 11 at 5 p m —HIL.1 Elt AWS Executive Board Meeting Tuesday May 11 at 15 i) m in the AWS^ffice^ Skull and Crescent Meeting in room 307 of the Union Wednesday at 7 30 p jp —^MARAVOOD Alpha Phi Omega fhirc will bo *m* portant business meeting in room TUI ol tne Union at 30 p m Tuesday May 11 Election of officers and refreshments are on the program Please be present ana prompt —KUClt Women Students All those interested in joining the YWCA stop at the office be tween 4 and 4 40 on Mondays and Tues days Two semesters for tl Catalyst Club Impoitant business meet ing in Chem and Met buildint, Tuesday May 11 at 8 p m Election of secretary discussion of pie Iging and party All mem hers please be piesent —BADGER Tee Gee Club Meeting Tuesday May 11 at 7 30 p ro in lom 261 of the Union Plan for picnic —LEUTY Glider Club Meetint Tuesday May 11 at 30 p m in the Union —SALISBURY IRC The next meeting of the Interna tional Relat ons Club will be held Tuesday evening May 11 at 15 in the University Church Lounge Th s is a reading meeting —NORDLINGER War Council Meet ng Thuisilay May 13 m in Ui on offiee
—HILLER
PIA
(Continued fiom page 1) the AAVS Executive Bond Frank AVest lo Be Tieasurei At the same time it was an nounced that Fiank AVest would be instilled in the office of tieisuiei of PIA AVest who seived last semes tei IS Political Chau man has been i member of the bond foi two teims and w is pieviously affiliitel with the oigamzation as a woikei He hets also been active in the Stu dent Union oigimzation and is a membei of the I As S
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macninca all nmkea Bol! rented repa red and purchased Mimeograph work done K J Eborahoff 60C Main, Lafayette iPhone 277J Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns luggage typewr tcra Albert a liOan Oif ce 407 Colun bia Wanted—'St 1 knts to Itlivor Puidie Exponent Ai ply Exponent oft cc or call R Cj ba erman 5 o\ Lost—I o L L Dur 1 X D c tr g si do rule 14 r/ H h. t rn on ca e and rule Rc var 1 L II 03J1 Lost Ray Bai i sts in brown ka^h tr c c R wa 1 C 11 34
Buy War Bonds
‘ Sine IS lucky we ■weie stiuck by aiiti tank file in fiont ot youi stole Weie gonna need some salve ’
GOH &&A . . .
'ee S'>{
AVnid Mn i igcis ue nee le 1 to f 11 vicincies in the Inti nfnls De paitment loi the S mmci tm These v ic incie must b” tillc 1 is q iickh IS ])0 sil le to i cci. he ui us 1 il sum ici (' n in 1 15 it mjisl ret v tie It IS the duty of the AA \i 1 M in i gci to oi^u i/c ill t osL bovs in his distiitt vho iL mtcicsted i i loim ing d term joi piitic p tio in the vinous intiiimiil toiii inients Ihe \A id \I nigti ir s i the i i p icity ct both CO 11 nl mvnigei Peiiodicil coiitspon icnce liom the Inti imui il office piovidc'^ the AVaid Aldiiigois with the iieccssaiy in loim. tion IS to tie schedule oi le tivitic^ ind the time i I pnee lus te im will pi ly According to the le isti it on theic die enough boys legisteied iii e ich ol the usual AV iid divisions to support tc ims m most ot 1 e i ti i mill li spoits Mist ot the Coop Houses w ill be ible to o uiizc
teams \lso
Sol thill will be the first spoit on the summei pio^i im ii cl it is nec essiiy that the dilleiont te uns be oigam/cd imn cdutelj m oide to get ill i leguldi scheclile of g lines By virtue ol the W ud Man igei ship system m uiy st idei ts ue given the idvintiges A eigif^ing in supervised ithletic contests with goo 1 equipment which they could not othei wise po sess Anjoue in teiested m oig mzin^ i te im in any ot the AVud oi Co op Houses pleise eontict the Ii ti imuiil Ot fice 2875 ml inloimition icgud mg this woil will 1 e ven you International Club To Meet Tonight Inteinatioi il Rel itions Club w 11 hold i meetiiif tonight "t 7 li in the Umveisity Chinch lounge mi meeting will lo i leulinf with no inepaied topics toi discus ion These ie idiiig sc sioiis are n line with the objectives it the club iiid ue intended to illow mteiested stu dents laculty ind townspeople to picscnt loi discussion bits ot mfoi Illation vit il to them iiid cone iii n g pi esc I t d ly iffi ins
JoTn Vitez, exotic addition to “Maiy Marlin” cast, was nicknamed “Three Stai” for her role of the haid-boiled aimy nurse, “Hennessy”, in NBC’s popular serial WLW, Mondays through Fridays at 2 00 2 15 p m, CAVT Lt. Miles Downs Two More Planes Lt Joe D Miles 35 gi i lu ite IS Cl edited with iddinj two mo e Geimm pi ines to the list oi those he his ilieuly shot down accoidmg to Miy 1 jncss disp itches Satui d ly M ly 1 iftei d iw n It Miles w IS flyino one ol i gioup ot Amen can I ightinng iightei pi ines tli it c lught i hig toimitioi ot the enemi s Juiil eis tiinspoits ciiiy mg gisohne ind other stipplies to Coijis (i edited AVith livo Ii insports Lt Miles recounted loi two of the tiinspoits The same group ol I ightmngs Idtei m the d ly joined loiccs with Mitchell bombeis in in ittael on mothei in convoy A Jew weel s ipo It Miles hr 1 been officially ci edited with mother viejljoiy ovci enemy anciifi Tau Kappa EpsiSon sociil Intel nity rnnoimces he election ol the lollowing offi cei Nicholrs Steshl o piytams, Albeit Shim epi piytnns Chiiles Elisln '■gi imnteus Chules Cai pentei ciysophylos Glenn AH h lel hypohetos C ilviii Fisk Ins ten Vincent 1 est i pyloites and I dwud IVIiyamisii, hegemon ^ |
IS YOyR REFRIGERATOR READY FOR HEAVY SUMMER DUTY?
ASK US FOR THIS FOLDER TELLING HOW TO CARE FOR YOUR APPLIANCES This 16 page booklet Electrical Safety in Wartime is yours for the oskng It g ves good advice for keep ng electrical equipment serv iceable and safe under war condi fions Ask for a copy at our office
With hot weather coming on many of your , household appliances, especially refrigerators, are going to have to withstand a heavy strain. Older appliances, and to a lesser degree the fairly new ones, will need to be given extra care to make them serve through the war period. No new appliances are being made for civilian use. Even repair parts are becoming increasingly hard to get. There’s only one way to avoid a breakdown: Follow your dealer’s good advice and oil your electric servants regularly, if they require It. Check for frayed cords, loose connections, or any other indication of wear or damage. If you have any question about maintaining any appliances, your Dealer, or we. Will be glad to answer it for you. Keejf your electrical helpers m good repair.,. Make them outlast the duration
li
» *5
k II
PUBLIC SERVICE
COMPANY *
OF INOiANA, INC.