Purdue
Volume 51. No. 44
Exponent
That Team Comes Back Today at 12:20. Meet 'Em!
Tuesday, Odtober 31, 1939
j. E. Walters To Address 1!^“'*'*®"*!!'.'*'“'Sanders, Carlsen To Share
Effective Reigious .. w
Services-sockman Military Ball Honors Nov. 17
First Activity Round Table Heading a list of five speakers, Dr. J. E. Walters, personnel director of the University, -will address the first Activities Bureau activity roundtable to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union tonight at 7 o’clock for the benefit of all students in ac-
tivities or those interested in them.
Subject for discussion will be,
"‘Personnel and Student Activities.” Walters, a past president of the Union, will talk on his own experiences with activitiefe and will point out the advantages of these in an effort to show how our present activities might be improved. Business Views Activities Another speaker on the program will be Eobert Fuller, personnel di-.' rector of the Aluminum Company of America and also a past president of the Union, who will discuss the subject of personnel from the side of the business world and point out ways for making our activity woi’kers more valuable to industry. Herb Fishburn, Student Senate president; Ann, Sickman, WSGA president; and Dave Brubeck, Union executive, will talk on the student’s side of activity personnel relative to selection, training, and rating. Informality The meeting will be conducted in an informal manner with each speaker introducing his own subject. Each of the speeches will be followed by an open forum discussion. Althea Jorgeson, director of the Activities Bureau, will act as master of ceremonies. Although issued, invitations will not be necessary for admittance. Fraternity and other organization officers are especially urged to attend.
S
Irvan Maury Will Play For Harvest Hop November 10 Second co-ed bid dance of the year will be held a week from this Friday night, November 10, when WAA members entertain with their annual fall dance. A “Harvest Hop” has been chosen as the theme for the affair and all the features of a fall frolic will prevail. The backdrop will consist of a harvest moon shining down on a boy and girl sitting on a fence. Band fronts will be decorated with yellow pumpkins. Branches and leaves, confetti and streamers will add to the fall atmosphere. Irvan Maury and his campus band has been chosen to furnish music for the dancing. Paul Jones dances will be the novel feature of the evening when Irvan Maury will lead the crowd in mix-up dances. The dance, which will be strictly informal will be in contrast to last year’s WAA masked ball. Co-ed attire will consist of sweaters, skirts and saddle shoes, while eds will diess in a similar informal manner. June Spry is in charge of general arrangements for the dance and Jane Fishleigh is in charge of ticket sales. Tickets will be distributed to all sorority houses, the residence halls and ward managers. They will be priced at one dollar. Posters in the shape of yellow pumpkins will be out today advertising the dance.
ay S mixer lo lake First Organize!
Will Osborne and his “slide music” will supply the sweet swing for the mixer Friday evening in the Union ballroom. The mixer will center around a theme of “Beat Iowa,” for which decorations, including a backdiop picturing a huge mechanical Boilermaker pounding an Iowan anvil into a shapeless mass of iron, have been provided. Osboine’s “slide music” is the only musical style registered in the United States Patent Office. It em-' bodies a simple glissando tone achieved by a unique combination of three trombones and three slide ti umpets. Before the dance the Purdue football teams of 1914 and 1929 will be honored at a banquet in the ballroom.
Beginning at 7 o’clock tonight organization pictures foi Debris will be taken in the tower room of the Union. Pictures will follow strictly the schedule which appears in the Debris ad in this paper, and all groups are asked to be on time. Any organization which cannot be present at the scheduled time should notify Bob Von Buelow as soon as possible. Phi Gamma Delta . . . social fraternity, announces £he initiation of Quentin Mueller, Hammond; John Tierney, Chicago, 111,; and Frederick Douglas, Cleveland, 0.
Mortar Board Honors Purdues Birthday With Wreath Ceremony
By Bob Skallerup Each Hallowe’en adds another year to the memory of that generous, old “dead language” hater, John Purdue, and today, as the goblins mass their hordes once more, Purdue celebrates the 137th birthday of her founder. In observance of the occasion, Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will place a wreath on his grave at 7 o’clock this morning. John Purdue began life in 1802 as a member of a German family that lived in Pennsylvania, and after trying his hand at farming and school teaching, finally setled down to business here in Lafayette m 1839, and began to make his fortune. He did a pretty good job of it. So good, in fact, that he was made a member of the city council in the following year. For the next 23 years, Purdue spent his time amassing the fortune
that everyone works for but few are good enough to get, only to be called oqce more to public service when Congress passed the Morrill Act in 1862 and Indiana began trying to decide where to put her university. $150,000 Gift After months of deadlock and dissension in the state assembly, John Purdue stepped in and added $150,000 of his own to the $50,000 that Tippecanoe county had already offered for the establishment of the University with the stipulation that the institution bear his surname. This offer, which included 100 acres of land, was enough to turn the tide of battle, and Purdue University had a home. Now, 70 years after her founding, Purdue, one of the greatest educational institutions in the cofintry, stands as a tribute to the generosity of her founder.
“None of us want to be in that war. It would be futile for us to get into it.* But must we sit idly by without any care ? If ever we needed God to help us preserve the American way of living, it surely is now,” declared Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church in New York City an<i noted radio priest, speaking before a capacity
audience in Fowler Hall.
Dr, Sockman, who spoke on “God and the American Way” before nearly 1,500 students and faculty at the first religious convocation of the academic year, stated, “The challenge of this hour is to give youth something to believe, in. Youth is made for bigger things than security—youth is the Tem-
ple of God.”
In his opening remarks. Dr. Sockman complimented University officials and students, saying, “In my opinion, this is one of the most effective college religious services in the country, considering its arrangement and appointments. President E. C. Elliott presented the speaker, who had spoken on the campus three times previously. Music was furnished by the University Choir of 180 voices and an Echo Choir of 30 voices, both directed by
A. P. Stewart.
Peace Organization Member Gives Talk Miss Hazel Whitman, a representative of the “Keep America Out of War Congress,” gave a talk last evening in the reception room of the Union on the present status of neutrality legislation. The talk, sponsored by the Purdue Peace Fellowship, followed a cafeteria supper. Olcott Sanders, regional secretary of the Student Peace Service, visited the campus Sunday rendering assistance in the encouragement of peace activities of college orgapizations. Sanders is touring Indiana colleges and eventually plans to visit five states in the fostering of this cooperation. Further event scheduled by the Purdue Peace Fellowship is to be a production of the play, “If This Be Treason,” which will be given in the Jefferson High school auditorium Sunday, November 5. Tickets for reserved seats may be obtained by calling 6261.
Co-eds
t In Lodde Contest Final round of the twelfth annual Lodde Speech Contest will be held tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Home Economics building. The event is open to the public. Six freshman co-eds who will be the final contestants are Barbara Waid, Peggy Howard, Patricia Friggie, Faith Wayne, Mary Bachelder, and Frances Estet. Speech topics will be the same as those used in the preliminary contest on Tuesday, October 24. However, they will be revised somewhat in order to be more suitable to the final competition. The judges aie Miss Leota Davis '
of the speech department, Earl Butz of the agriculture department. Rev. Scott Steele of the West Side Methodist Chuich, Emmet Ferguson, Lafayette attorney, and Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant Dean of Women.
Lull To Present Trophy
The trophy, which will be presented by P. E. Lull of the speech department, is awarded by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette to the sorority with the highest total score. Fifteen points will be awarded for first place, 10 points for second place, seven for third.
and six for fourth. Last year the cup was awarded to the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. An engraved bracelet will be presented to the individual winner as a gift of the Lodde Company. Lucy Demoret, senior co-ed forensic manager, will preside for the occasion. Marilyn McKnight and Gene Pechin, junior co-ed intiamural forensic managers, have assisted in the final arrangements for the contest. Entertainment during the evening will be furnished by Mary Lou Switzer, co-ed pianist.
Publicalion Dale Sel Barents' institute
For Fall Scrivener Fall edition of Scrivener, campus literary magazine, will be distributed within the next two weeks. The magazine will contain the prizewinning short stories and essays from last spring’s all University literary contest and work by other student wiiters. A sales campaign has been carried on for the past week by the business manager, Richard Springgate, and subscriptions will be available for another week at the usual price of three issues for 50 cents. At a meeting of Scrivener Club Sunday night plans for the annual freshman literary contest were discussed. Helen Steffee, editor, announced as associate editors for the coming year, Fowlis Munro, Haskell Metz, George Alexander, and Patricia Flint. Dean Dorothy Stratton . . . dean of women, left Saturday morning for Baton Rouge, La., where she was scheduled to speak before an all University Student convocation at the University of Louisiana, Monday.
Meets On Campus Early In November Family democracy, youth and religion, values derived from nursery schools, family meal planning, and group-mindedness of the adolescent are only a few of the many interesting topics that have been scheduled to be discussed at the annual Parents’ Institute on the campus, November 8 and 9. The two-day meeting is sponsored jointly by the Purdue School of Home Economics and the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, and is in charge of Dean Mary L. Mathers of the School of Home Economics. The institute will get underway Wednesday morning, November 8, with a talk by Mrs. James L. Murray, Indianapolis, president of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers. A tea will follow the Wednesday afternoon program in the Women’s Residence Hall, for the campus visitors. The two-day session will be brought to a close with several discussions Thursday afternoon.
Tickets Go On Sale For ROTC Officers In Armory Today Opening the University formal season November 17, military men will dance to the music of “the ‘ole’ left hander,” Joe Sanders in the Union ballroom, and Bill Carlsen with his “Band of a Million Thrills,” in the Union cafeteria. ^ Sanders and his jSlighthawks are famous for their long term engagements at the Blackhawk in Chicago, and Carlsen for his recent record breaking stay at the Trianon ballroom in Chicago.
Joe Sanders
Sale Begins Today Tickets for the dance go on sale to advanced military students today at 12:30 in the Armory. According to the committee in charge, they may sign for the tickets which are
Bill Carlsen
Close Today At 5 This afternoon is the deadline for submitting pictures for the Debris snapshot contest this month. Pictures should be turned in at the desk outside the Debris office by 5 p. m. Pictures should be accompanied by the negative and a brief description of people, place, and other pertinent facts. It should also be accompanied by the name of the person submitting it. Similar contests will be conducted each month and the Snapshot of th? Year will be selected from the monthly winners. The lucky person submitting the final winner will be awarded a copy of this year’s Debris. Monthly winners will be published in the Exponent.
priced at $2.50, but today is positively the only day that ducats will be available to men in this classification. Sale to basic military students begins tomorrow, and Thursday tickets will be placed on sale at the Union desk for seniprs. Friday, juniors may buy tickets. Buyers must bring their passports when obtaining tickets. 100 Extra Tickets One hundred extra tickets have been printed this year, and the price reduced 50 cents to give every student a chance to attend; however, students must buy their bids early as none will be offered for sale after Friday, according to the ball committee. Following the custom of previous years. Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, pledges will be formally announced at the dance.
L G.deBey
First Tea Dance
. . . research assistant in the E. E. school, will speak before the meeting of Amateur Radio Club tomorlow evening on “Radio Control of Airplanes.” This meeting, which is open to everyone, will be held in loom 254 of the Electrical Engineering building.
. . . sponsored by the Union will be held in the ballroom from 4 to 5:30 this afternoon. This dance, free to all University students, is* being held in the middle of the week in response to student requests. Passports will be necessary to gain admittance. A similar dance will be held after the Iowa game Saturday.
Madame Zwerlynnkstisky Foretells: 'Goblins'll Getcha IfYa Don't Watch Out'
By Wispy Willie Hallowe’en and the phantoms walk again. Spirits in every shadow. Shades staring wickedly fiom the cover of every bush and in the center of all, the epical figure of the immortal John Purdue. Madame Zwerlynnkstisky, staff spiritualist, has informed us that after a conversation with Jawn, Sunday, she has bought plane fare to points west in order to escape the wrath of the founder. Says the Madame, and we quote, Jawn eez vary dissappoint wiz ze froshman class on account of being so stupeed. He says zey are ze most outrageous
conglomei’ation he has viewed, end of ze quote. Jawn Will Get You Let fair warning be fair warning and a word to frosh be ample. If Prexy doesn’t get you, Jawn will and woe be he who falls into the clutches of a vengeful phantom. Once of yore Jawn arose and plucked a juicy frosh from under the watchful eyes of 16 brothers and 3^4 pledges. Only his pot was found and that was nauseatingly stained with gore. Some say he had stepped on the Memorial Cross. Alas and Alack, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth for many are slain and a few are stolen.-J'.
r'
mM^-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 31, 1939
1
Student Directories : . . will be distributed sonie time in the near future. As usual, they will contain all students’ names, local addresses, local phones, class, school, and home addresses. One important facr tor which would increase their popularity 100 per cent will be missing, however. That absent ingredient will be pictures. And here are a few advantages of having pictures in the student directory. 1. Much wear-and-tear on many copies of Debris would be saved. Students would have a much more efficient way of looking up their partners for trade dinners. 2. When you get the wrong room at WRH, a quick glance at the directory would give you an idea of just whom you were talking to . . . that is, if your wrong-number discloses her name! 3. The directory would be heavier because of added pages. This would be a decided asset when throwing it at your roommate for making derogatory remarks about your best girl. For the co-eds, the added weight would make an ideal volume in which to press flowers from favorite men. 4. Perhaps the Registrar would give away free cokes with every directory. This would help to revive you from the shock of seeing your picWe for the first time. 5. Extra directories would make a fine Christmas present for your litle baby brothers or sister if baby likes to look at funny pictures. 6. We left this advantage for you to fill in! Use the space provided below.
Registrar Stone will probably belittle our idea on the grounds that it would be too expensive and impractical . . . but it WOULD have advantages !
But Incidentally— By Petrov Little did we realize when we first eame to the University that we would absorb so much learning in the realm of potdtry. We came here primarily for an education of a technical nature, but the other day we missed fire. ^ A co-ed gave us a chick. : H< * * Not just an ordinary chick, mind you, but one beautifully colored in black and gold. Our loyalty to the University (and a fear of offending said co-ed by refusing) prompted us to take the chick. Very cute was he (or she, we’re not experts). That is he was cute for just about five minutes. Then he did what he oughtn’t to have did. Next he cheeped loudei* and louder till nerves exploded. We tried to soothe him With food. >ic J)! * We started to give him Rice Krispies, but wer were dissuaded. We finally fed him oh bread crumbs. He’s still cheeping and he’s still hungry. Anyone interested in a black and gold chick will please drop a line to Peti’ov. « >|e ,)i AND HURRY! .k * * Once again they’ve gone and published the student organization accounts. One choice list comes under the report of the Catalyst Club. Club House Rental $5.00 Lafayette Brewery, Inc., refreshments.. $8.06 Cash, breakage at clubhouse..... ......$ .75 A note after the Catalyst Club account announces that “the Auditor of Student Organizations accepts no responsibility for the information contained in this report...” , • :it * * But responsibility HAS been accepted in the case of the Activities Bureau. They had an income of $25.30, an outgo of $143.22. This adds up to a total figure, slightly crimson, of $117.92. >j« ik To be reimbursed by the University, adds a footnote. We think we’ll tell Mr. Bodden about that three bucks we’re short this month.
£jth£h£dMt&By Hank Miller Here goes for another blunder that has found its way into the ether: This anecdote concerns an announcer that did a cigarette program and besides that covered some special events for the station. One day this announcer had to cover the arrival of an airplane and had to run to reach the microphone on time. Arriving all out of breath and puffing rather hard, he asked the pardon of the radio audience for being so breathless and then added, “That’s what cigarettes will do for you.” He does no more cigarette commercials. —e-e— Jimmy Durante is in a fair way to land a permanent job as guest of Bob Benchley on the Melody and Madness program over WENR. The nation’s most notorious schnozzle will put in another appearance on the show tonigfit at 8 o’clock. ■ Benchley and Durante will join forces for some high-toned burlesquing of a number of popular radio prograihs, with Benchley in the role of a listener who faithfully follows ntany radio shows and Durante supplying the “romantic interest.” Lennie Hayton’s orchestra will feature new swing-tunes. —e-e— For some high-toned fun and a lot of information, we recommend Information Please tonight at 7:30 over WENR. Experts on the show will be poet Cai’l Sandburg and Oscar Levant, pianist-composer, as
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insler ...Edltor-in-CWef W. B. Smith .^.Business Manager D. G. Terrlo Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .Managing Editor E. M. Antonini....Senlor AdTertising Manager G. SchUling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins , „......Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Bnslness, 6038; Sporta, 2792 Published dally except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Ijafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate df postage prorided for in Section of October 8. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Night Editor McKee Issue Editor Kennedy
guests and regulars John Kieran and Franklin P. Adams. —-e-e— Incidentally, if you want to hear some campus opinions or if you want to listen to some campus opinions, drop around to the Sweet Shop tomorrow afternoon at 4. WBAA conducts a 15-minute program of student interviews and student ideas. Last week the program was almost entirely devoted to the “eds” idea of “necking.” Peg Davis and yours truly conduct the showpand we don’t make any plans in advance. Who knows what we’ll talk about tomorrow?
Books Of The Week The Mexican Ch'allenger, Kluckholm. Man, The Unknown, Alexis Carrel. The Races of Europe, Coon. Next to Valour, Jennings. Watch for the Dawn, Stuart Closete. Escape to Life, Mann. Frost and Fire, Merick.
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
— A N D-
“cSdN(3 uouosRAn vicjuai
—ALSO 'RED BARRY”
SERIAL
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
whh ALAN HALE-FRANK McHUSH JAMES GLEASON
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
mm
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Now is the time when all smart little girls istart taking notice of military uniforms . . . the Military Ball is not far off, girls, and the soldiers want a little attention beforehand. A word to the wise should be sufficient ... we will remind YOU again. —B & B— Who is the soda-jerker in the “Grill” who had to be asked three times for a “coke” when Ina Ray was in there for refreshments before the mixer? —^The Eyes and Ears of the Campus. —B&B— May we remind E & E of C that the soda-jerker in question was probably almost human. While we were doing our own snooping ai'ound we had quite a time getting a look at Ina Ray due to the male following she had all evening. —B&B— Oh to be an engineer. To study stresses and strains. To study curves in Calculus, And study curves in dames. I would like to learn about Thermo’ And be in a Mechanical lab.. And there’s nothing like that Speech 14 To help your gift of gab, I’d study Physics very hard. Just to learn it well, But as for Descriptive Geometry, It can go to hell. I’ll choose for mine, engineering. Some say I hadn^t “oughter,” But to it I belong^ like the little calf . Whose heart belongs to “fodder.” • —G. B. Kirkpatrick, ME ’41. - —B&B— Dear B&B: .., We hear a lot about what the eds think of the co-eds, but what do the co-eds thinks of the eds ? —Curious Co-ed. —B&B— Dear Curiousj Being of an impartial sentiment.
-and lately, Doc, every time I do this I get sharp pains in / the joints!”
we only publish that which we receive on such a BROAD subject. If you have any ideas that would reflect on the generous and unmblemished character of the stronger ( ?) sex . . . let us hear from you. —The Ed. —B & B— The most attractive couple seen at the various dances last week-end was a male duet from the Sig Ep house. Ken Wood and Tom Peppier were so anxious to go to a dance that Wopd dressed the part of a co-ed and Peppier escorted him to the mixer. From all reports Wood made an “A” number one date. What’s the matter, boys, can’t you
get the real McCoy or are you hard to satisfy? ^ —B&B— FAMOUS LAST LINES: I gave him the air. Prof. E. V. Greenfield ... of the Modern Language department, was elected president of the Indiana German Teachers’ Association for the ensuing year at the Indiana State Teachers’ convention held in Indianapolis last Thursday. Professors J. L. Cattell, E. Brenes, 0. A. Greiner, J. T. Gunn, and D. H. Patterson of the department also attended the convention.
Main
TODAY - TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS! • The Great American Screen Spectacle!
mmm CONfUESff richjiId dix GAIL PATRICK-EDWARD ELLIS JOAN FONTAINE
—PLUS— Rollicking Romance! Matchless Music!
EXTRA
MARCH OF TIME PresenFs "INSIDE THE MAGI NOT LINE'
Omt SOf HERN HOTEL FOR WOMEN LINDA JAMIS JIAN DARNELL ELLISON ROGERS LYNN JOVCI lltA JOHN BARI COMPTON MAXWELL HALLIDAY JUNI KATHAIINI ALAN •IDNIY GALE ALDRIDGE DINEHART BUCKNER
"WINNER TAKE ALL"
TODAY & WED.
LUNA
VITALITY is created by REALLY GOOD FOOD THE UNION CAFETERIA Endeavors to select, prepare and present truly delicious FOOD that will be APPRECIATED now and REMEMBERED later. JhsL
^ythufnifdjaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
A:4
', i"-'" y‘if^''>^TMM
v?K? vj^- -4 '
Tuesday, October 3L 1939
£xftomnt ficupL
if,
Riveter Cross-Country Team Will Meet Wayne University Saturday Morning In want of their iirst victory of the season, Coach Phillips’ cross country team will line up against Wayne University of Detroit Saturday. The meet is one of the events arranged on the campus for the entertainment of the Homecoming fans this week end.
Starting at Ross-Ade Stadium, probably between halves of the in-tra-frosh grid contest, the meet will follow the course which was rerouted last summer. Wayne Strength Unknown The strength of this year’s Wayne squad is an unknown quantity to Coach Phillips. Time trials will be run off Wednesday afternoon to determine the Boilermaker representatives. A strong Wisconsin cross country team engulfed Purdue’s contenders in a Big Ten dual meet at Madison last Saturday morning. Thoroughly acquainted with their home course, the Badger boys romped over the trail to win all but three of the first 10 places, winning 23 to 36. Convincingly sprinting over Peteja course in 17 minutes and 63 seconds, Walter Mehl flashed the form that has brought him national honors, breaking the tape 76 yards before Riveter Ed Holderman finished. First Defeat The defeat was the first dealt to Holderman this season, and also his first in collegiate competition. Last year Mehl raced into second plaqe at the national intercollegiate track meet in the two-mile event. In 1938, however, Mehl displayed his best
form in capturing the national championship in the same event., Coached by the veteran Tom Jones, Wisconsin’s cross country . squad looms as one of the nation’s best. Three weeks ago the Badgers topped the .perennially strong Indiana team, who have dominated the sport in the midwest for the last decade. Boilermakers who followed Holderman over the three and one-half mile course last Saturday were Reeves, fifth, and Shulman, sixth place. I-M Schedules TOUCHBALI^Today Field Official 1— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. VanHook 2— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. Speidel 3— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Triangle.' , Sroka 4— Phi Kappa -s^s. Sigma Nu. Smithson 5— Theta Xi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Chaffee 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Brinduse 7— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Mann 8— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Close 9— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Leppla 10— Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Tau. McGrath 11— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. . Adams
. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WRAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are vthose captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
Michigan Upholds Big Ten Reputation; Cornell Downs O.S. Losing prestige at every step, the average for the Big Ten against intersectional competition finally struck a new low and dropped below the .600 mark as a result of Saturday’s games. Michigan, now the only undefeated team in the conference, did what it could to bolster the- cause by romping over Yale, 27-7. Tommy Harmon, being referred to by many as the successor to “Red” Gi'ange, did some fancy running to score three touchdowns for the mighty Wolverines. ^ CorneUTakes Ohio Ohio State’s defeat at the hands of Cornell spoiled the other unblemished record in the Big Ten. The Buckeyes failed to protect a twotouchdown lead as the Big Red team’s spectacular runs overcame the lead and gave the Easterners a 23-14 victory. Santa Clara’s victory over the Gold and Black put the final touches on the conferences forces for the week. This was the first appearance of the Boilermakers in the far west. In their own back yard NorthWestern downed Illinois, 13-0, to keep on the comeback trail. In the other Big Ten contest the Iowa Hawkeyes moved into a third place tie with Northwestern and Indiana by defeating the Wisconsin Badgers, 19-13. Big Ten Standing Michigan 2 0 0 1.000 Ohio State 2 0 0 1.000 Indiana 2 10 .667 Northwestern 2 1 0 .667 Iowa 2 10 .667 Purdue 0 0 1 .000 Minnesota 011 .000 Illinois 0 2 2 .000 Chicago 0 10 .000 Wisconsin ...: 0 3 0 .000 Badminton Tourney 1$ Postponed Indefinitely Planned by the intramural department, the badminton tournament has been indefinitely postponed. If enough people sign up for the competition it will be held at ' some later date.
^ootLaii
eadon
16
^omai Reason
For a dramatic entrance there's nothing lovlier than one of the hew divinely feminine evening gowns with a whisper of the "90's" mood about it. Flattering and voluminous. Glamorous as you swirl around the dance floor. And —is your hosiery supply loW? — then remember to see us about "sheers" for foot flattery and don't overlook our delightful accessories of Evening gloves. Dainty bias-cut slips. Glamorous new evening bags and evening sandals that are perennial favorites with the dancing debs. Remember — a formal outfit is not complete without all of the complete accessories, and you can get all of them here.
415 Main Street
Phone 5900
The Scorecard By Rolfe Jenkins Not as bad as we thought it would be. Every guesser but one picked at lesist 11 winners out of 20, while two got 16 right. All who turned in their predictions picked Purdue over'Santa Clara and were fooled. However, they were all correct on the Michigan-Yale result. John Catlin, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and M. A. Allman tied with 16 right for top honors this week for an .800 average, the highest made in any week so far. With 16 fight were Thomas P. Peppier, another Sigma Alpha Epsilon entry; Harold Kilburg, Phi Delta Theta; John Adamson, Delta Tau Delta; and Glen L. Phillips. SAE’s vs. Phi Delts Right on 14 games were Gar Johnson, Stew Marquis, Phi Gamma Delta; Doug McDanial, Phi Delta Theta-; J. C. Smalley, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; and J. C. Willsey. The race was to a certain degree between the SAE’s and Phi Delts, with the former having higher scores but the latter better represented in number of entries. What games stumped the leaders ? Allman and Catline both missed Santa Clara over Purdue, ■Vanderbilt over Louisiana State, and Clemson over Navy. Allman also lost the UCLA victory over Oregon, while Catlin’s remaining loser was Dartmouth over Harvard. Crimson Tide “Cinch” Washington, Clemson, Vandei’bilt, Coi^nell, and Santa Clara wei’e , the worst offenders of the day. Mississippi State’s 7-0 loss to Alabama was easy to guess. Besides the sports editor, Paul Shellabarger, Jim Kirsch, Jim Walley, Harold Kilburg, John Adamson, and Larry Imhoff guessed it exactly right. R. L. Morris hit the VanderbiltLouisiana 7-6 score, Jim Ogden was right on the Baylor-Texas A & M, Harold Kilburg hit another beside Alabama, this one AuburnGeorgia Tech. Kenneth Walker was right on Notre-Dame Carnegie Tech, and Mary Leadbetter, who had a .660 average, guessed the NYU victory over Georgia exactly right. The sports editor was right on Southern Cal’s 20-0 win. This Week IOWA PURDUE Indiana Ohio State Michigan Illinois Northwestern Minnesota Chicago Virginia Notre Dame Army Navy Pennsylvania .... Harvard Princeton Dartmouth Yale .... Michigan State Syracuse Auburn Boston College .. Duke Georgia Tech .... Mississippi Vanderbilt .. Texas A & M Arkansas .. Kentucky Alabama .... Texas Southern Methodist Kansas Kansas State Santa Clara Stanford .... So. California Oregon St. Washington State Oregon California UCLA
Football Squad Returns Today; Iowa Comes Next Returning home from their long trek to the Pacific coast, the Riveter grid squad will arrive in Lafayette at 12:20 today and will immediately begin preparation for their important Homecoming tilt with Iowa Saturday. Suffering from a wearying trip '
and the extremely inclement and changing weather encountered over the entire journey, which was a major factor in allowing the powerful Broncos of Santa Clara to overcome the Bojtermakers’ early lead in Saturdayis gruelling battle, the Riveter squad will hold an abbreviated drill this afternoon. The main objective of today.’s practice will be to limber tired muscles and to overcome the “train legs” which the 40 members of the squad incurred in the nearly week-long journey. Stop Kinnick “Stop Kinnick” will be the theme of this week’s practices, the slogan .referring to that 170 pounds of dynamite in the person of powerful Nile Kinnick, the Hawkeyes’ allaround back who has been personally responsible for most of the high scores which the Iowa eleven have been running up, and who is a major factor in Iowa’s second place standing in the Big Ten. Kinnick’s hurling ability has played an outstanding part in Iowa’s victories over Indiana and Wisconsin. During Saturday’s battle with the Badgers he brought the Hawkeyes from behind by virtue of three accurate tosses into the waiting hands of his touchdown ally, stellar end Captain Prasse. Iowa’s scoring combination of
Kinnick to Prasse has made the Hawkeyes a major contender in the conference race. Their bid for a high standing in the race must contend with the Boilermakers' aerial attack with Brock, Byelene, and Galvin on the tossing end and lanky junior wingman Dave Rankin snatching the well intended passes from the air lanes. Coach Eddie Anderson’s proteges, who won their first home Big Ten victory this season since the early ' 1930’s, have shown an enormous amount of offensive power in all of their games to date, with the possible exception of their fracas with the mighty Wolverines of Michigan, in which they were held to a lone touchdown by the Big Ten leaders. The Hawkeyes will be the second conference team to meet the Boilermaker eleven this season. The Riveters’ Big Ten standing to date stands with no wins, no losses, and a lone tie with Minnesota. Saturday’s Homecoming tilt with the rejuvenated Hawkeyes will mark the 18th renewal of the series with the lowans. The team the Hawkeyes must meet in Saturday’s fray is practically the same squad which was denied a share in the Big Ten title as a result of Iowa’s unexpected tie with the championshipbent Riveter eleven.
Schedule of Debris Organization Pictures Please be prompt. Assemble at the stairway to the Tower Room in the Union Building.
7:00 7:05 7:15 7:20 7:30 7:35 7:45 7:50
TUESDAY, Kappa Delta Pi Alpha Lambda Delta Indep'dent Soph. Staff Hoof and Horn Forestry Club , Camera Club W A A Sportswomen
OCTOBER 31 8:00 Triton 8:05 Debris Editorial Staff 8:15 Debris Business Staff 8:20 Exp. Bus. Soph. Staff 8:30 Exponent Coed Staff 8:35 Exponent Sports Staff 8:45 Exp. Edit. Soph. Staff 8:50 Debris Photo Staff 9:00 Student Senate
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1
7:00
Gimlet Club
7:50
Alpha Zeta
7:05
Reamers Club
8:00
Delta Rho Kappa
7:15
Ceres
8:05
A 1 E E
7:20
Dolphin Club
8:15
A 1 Ch E
7:30
Virginia C. Meredith
8:25
Pi Tau Sigma
7:35
Pharmacist Staff
8:35
Omicron Nu
7:45
Kappa Psi
8:45
ASC E
THURSDAY,
NOVEMBER 2
7:00
Scabbard and Blade
7:30
Sigma Delta Chi
7:05
P O M M
7:35
P 1 A Board
7:15
Luncheon Committee
7:45
Cosmopolitan Clui
7:20
Zouaves
7:50
Scull and Crescen
mo 0eJbMA. Complete Campus Coverage’^
mo
Dead Line November 10 Just eleven more days to buy your DEBRIS for $4.00
^ ^ ^
OdoJuA.
'ComplsbL QampuA, CoJoaMqsL
mo
it
99y
THE PURDUp EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 31, 1939
125 Members ... of the agriculture staff attended their regulai monthly meeting in the Union balhoom yesterday noon. Pi of Frank Hall ^^as the speakei.
NOTICES No noticos will be accepted after 8 p. iti.
AA AA Hockei The followinpr team« have lietn cho*=cp Fre‘^hnieri Bower, McCabe, Dawson, AAalkcr Rossoll Stiegeiw'ald, Henms Stroi Ford Emhoflf Schwandt, Resei\es Ramsell Fox Stewart Sophomores Modesitt Pidpcon I.nx McFarland, Metzatr Faswoll Collincs Ward Blagrave, Fitch Harrison Kennedy Reserves Ade, Reed KirkofT Champan Juniors, Johnson, Molehousf Schlittei, Fishleigh, Holden Mcknivht A\tsto^cr Stickler Butz, Rockfoid Senior- Walker, Spears Beko Major Wiishaai Hoo\or Cook Newman, Schroder Morns Johnson The following games will be plaved this week Tuesday October 31 seniors vs fre-hmen 4 ji m 4 30 juniors vs sophoinoies MVdnesdav Novembei 1 juniors \s freshmen Thursday, Novembei 2 sophomores \s seniors Fiidav No4 ember 3, sophomores %s freshmen —McKNIGHT
Outing: Club: Hike scheduled Tor Monday, October 30, has been posfftoned till Sunday, November 6 For reseravtions and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Maijoiie Waid 41111 —WARD.
WAA Archery: The archery tournament has started, but it is not too late to enter. Come Thursday, November 2, arid Monday, November 6 —MOREHOUSE.
Fraternity Presidents* Council: Regulai dinnei meeting will be held at 6 p m , Thursday, November 2, at the Alpha Gamma Rho house —CATTERALL Christian Science Students: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 31, at 7 .30 p m in loom C of the Union —STRANTZREB
Varsity Pistol Team: Important meeting at 4 p m Wednesday, November 1, in the Armory Manager will be elected —BECKER
Union Sophomores: There will be an important meeting of my staff Tuesday, October 81,1 at 4 p m. In the Puttering room. It is imperative that all members be present. —CLARKE
Silver Mask: Meeting'^t 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, October 31, in the Old Agriculturist office All members please be present. —NEPTUNE
TWCA Social Committee: Meeting Wediicsdav Novtmbei 1 at 4 p m in women s lounge All interested come —WATTLEWORTH
Independent Co-ed Assignments* Tuesday, October 31, 3 p m., Teseh, Roby. Wednesday, Novembei 1, 3 p m., Otuos; 4 p m , Farrell, Whittington, Ramsey, Walz. Thursday, November 2, 3 p m , MacDonald, Clifford Friday, November 3, McFarland ’ —MYER
Delta Kho Tlaiipa: Pledges must carry keys and assorted goods until further notice. V —ESTEY. (10-31)
Riding Club: Due to uni^reseen circum-
Hallowe’en party
•lunioi Modern Dance Group No meeting Tuebdaj, October 31 Meet Wednesday November 1, at 4 p m —KNIGHT
stances the Riding Club
will be cancelled
(10-31)
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 31, at 7 :30 p m. in loom C of the Union —FRANTZRBB.
-SCHILLING
Lutheran Students: There will be a Hallowe’en party for members of the Lutheran Studentb’ Association in the basement of Holv Trinity Lutheran Church, 610 North Ninth street at 7 15 p ra , Tuesday, October 31 All Lutheran students, including those interested in joining, are cordially invited to come and join the fun —HALL
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 31, at 7 30 p m m room 264, Electrical Engineering building Everybody is welcome —PITCHER
Co-eds: WAA field hockey open practices held every day at 4 p m in athletic field —FRAZIER
Student Engineering Council: Presidents of engineering honoraiies and professional societies will meet with Dean Potter at 4 :16 p m Wednesday, November 1, in the old Agi iculturist office in the Union —CATTERALL
NYA Workers: Checks may be obtained at the Cashier's office in the - Executive building —HOLLENSBE.
Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a. m. and 6pm —CAPT HOLMES.
Skull and Crescent Meeting Tuesday October 31 in room F of the Union —BELLES
ASCE Meeting Thursday Novembei 2 at " 30 p m in CE 210 M R Keefe chief engineer of the Indiana State Highway Commission will speak on engineering experiences in South Kmeiica —McCAMMON
Student Senate The following members of the Projects Committee please meet in the Senate office Wednesday November 1, at 4 p m Caiptnter Milea Bowman, Campbell Chambers and Lancet —McCAMMON
Independent Co-eds All those interested in participating in the bowling 4;ournament wil' pk,ist call Ann Boas 56274 between 7 and s 1 m on Tuesda> October 31 —BOAS
PI\ Dance Class No meeting Tuesdat Oct/be 1 j1 Meet llniibday, Novembei 2 —LUTZ
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Crown Cleaning—not only improves your Personal Appearance, but is good for your clothes. Cloth fabric that is clean has longer life. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Often
FINE C L E
E R S O F F I
E CLOTHES
and most important of all
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17th
A scintillating collection of gorgeous, glamorous new formal gowns. The same styles you will see featured in Mademoiselle, Vogue and Harper’s bazaaj;.
The Corseted Silhouette:
Dresses with fittted jackets and tiny boleros to give \ou that "covered up’’ look. Wide, frothy skirts reminiscent of the long skirts of the classic ballet. • TISSUE SATINS • RAYON CREPES • VELVETS and VELVETEENS • BROCADED MOIRES • PAPER TAFFETAS • TULLES and NETS. Sizes 9 to 17 12 to 20
Prices
Start at
.95
Others to $49.
10
dwefoThe Friendly Shopping Center
Evening Gown Shop Second Floor
WAA Intramural Riflery: Permanent schedule: Monday, 6:80, Ward 1; 7, Goedda, Glenwood ; 7:30, The Gables, Otter-be-inn ; 8, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega; 8:80, Kappa. ■Tuesday, 6:30, Ward 2, Theopholus 13; 7, Collegiana, Theta; 7:80, Alpha Xi Delta, WRH West: 8, Chi Omega; 8:30, Pi Phi. Wednesday, 6:80, Riley House, SH.E. House, Ward 3; 7, Ann Tweedale, Brockway Co-op: 7:30, WRH South; 8, Thaeles ; 8:30, Phi Mu. Thursday, 6:30, Ward 4, Twin Pines; 7, Pedalion, WRH North (10-31) —HARRISON.
Purdue Engineer Subscribers: All those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1. Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union. (ll-l) —LANTZ.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Assessments of 76c per man living m your houses for fire and police protection must be Jiaid to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November 1 Please attend to this matter. (11-1) —CATTERALL.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT FOR RENT—^Room in new home. 86271.
Call
POMM Pledges and Actives: Those desiring keys sign list on bulletin board immediately. Keys are $1.60 and can be paid for out of next pay check. (10-31) —REILEY. Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG. Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p m. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings. Minimums rates as low as $2.60 for all night. FOR SALE PURDUE FLYING CLUB share for sale. Phone 7043.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rental and repaired. New portable maebdnea as lew as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. LOST AND FOUND TAU EPSILON PHI fraternity pin lost on campus. Call 7724. E. R. Obus.
LOST—Slide-rule: Between Shops and English buildings Call Roy Dunn Reward. Phone 61004
The Tops in Hotel Stops L
4th and Ferry
Lafayette
your laundry home by convenient
Thrifty idea, this It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today He’ll call for your weekly package, speed it away by fast express tram, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and It’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839,,. A Century of Service. .. 1939 Railway Express AOEIVCY. INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
9 Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayett® Phone 4965
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
• jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 8^2 Main Phone 2777
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Tailor
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.