V
Purdue
m Z~]86
Exponent
Vol. 4. No. 2.
Tuesday/ June 18, 1940
CAA Limit Reduced To 60, ^iceGame,Nobe
Rura
Ten Alternates Named
Accepted Applicants Must Report
For Final Physical Examination
Sixty students and ten alternates have had their applications^accepted for the civilian pilot training course this summer. The original number proposed for the University was 105, but it has been reduced to 60. This reduction is due to the fact that other colleges have asked for CAA training in their curricula, thus decreasing the allowable number for the University. Anyone who fails to qualify for .
the beginner’s course and anyone
else interested may do the ground Oil
rr
work. All prospective flying stu-
dents must pass the medical examination given by Dr. Washburn, examiner for the CAA. Contact Washburn Since the examination is very thorough and rigid, requiring considerable time, each student must contact Dr. Washburn individually at the University Health Service and make an appointment with him. This includes the 10 alternates as well as the 60 who have been ac-
cepted.
At present there are eight advanced CAA students, and they will take the examination for commercial pilot’s license today. The Course Beginning students will fly three and one half hours each week on an average. All flying students and applicants should attend the ground school this week. It will be held every night from Monday through Friday, 7 to 9, in room 108 of the Mechanical Building. The applicants for the regular CAA summer session are: R. E. Adams, W. W.. Ardapple, J. H. Aschauer, R. H. Atkinson, J. E. Baumrucker, Ira Cadwalader, R. 0. Cedars, R. Coffey, R. P. Crow, H. C. Dees, R. T. Douglas, G. W. Ely, E. S. Ewart, E. FoeHch, N. Gessley, W. W. Glenny, M. M Goodwin, E. L. Gregory, F, W. Greve, George A. Gust, F. H. Habicht, A. C. Harra, W. E. Horan, V. C. Hosselman, V. B. Hughes, R. M. Hutchinson, H. M. Jacklin, C. H. Jackson, M. M. Kingman, R. F. Kirkpatrick, H. G. Lankford, R. M. Lawson, H. T. MacDonald, D. E. Morgenroth, F. S. Murphy, C. M. Murray, P. C. Murray, W. R. Nielson, C. R. Pandel, B. S. Powers, E. W. Reed, R. J. Reifers, L. M. Rothrock, J. G. Rush, Bettie Lou Sanders, H. E. Schornstein, Michael Shay, D. A. Smith, G. W. Smith, R. W. Steele, W. W. Stockton, H. M. Swank, E. F. Tate, W. D. Thompson, R. B. Trueblood, J. N. Vecs, R. J. Vyverberg, Faith Wayne, J. W.
White.
The alternate applicants are: J. F. Bradley, R. S. Campbell, O. W. Clark, J. T. Harahan, W. W. Moore, Yvonne Price, H. W. Randolph, Robert Ray, J. E. Trask, J. M. Zappia.
Barker To Play
For Second Mixer
For All Students
On Practice Field
To Continue Fronn 6:30
Til 8 PM Each Tuesday
Tonight at 6:30 the traditional “Games On The Green” will get underway on the football practice field just north of the Fieldhouse, with a great vai^iety of sports entertainmeiit offered for both ^o-eds and eds. Competition in badminton, deck tennis, archery, outdoor bowling, and croquet will make up ’the indiyidual games, and teams will be organized fln softball and volleyball. In addition, any other game in which enough are interested will be organized according to the committee in charge. Softball All those interested in playing softball tonight should be out early so that teams can be made up and a full game played before it gets dark. Anyone who wishes to make up his own team, whether boys or girls, may do so and may make arrangements with M. L. Clevett to play other teams on future Tuesday nights. ' “Games On The Green’L will be played each Tuesday night throughout the summer from 6:30 until 8 o’clock. Helen Hazelton and M. L. Clevett are supervising the program.
Men's Bum Room Offers Cool Haven ForWearyEds
By R. M. Rockefeller
Paul Barker’s band from Indianapolis is scheduled to play for the second summer session_jnixer"-in both Union ballrooms Friday night. Time for the summer mixers has been moved to 8 o’clock instead of the regular hour o 9. In previous years, only two or three mixers have been held during the summer session. However, this year the Union, in collaboration with the summer session social committee, plans to hold a mixer every week. This is being done because heretofore students were forced to leave town to attend dances when no mixers were being held, Regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail ^t Friday’s dance and both ballrodms will be used to accomodate a large attendance.
. . . wishing to picnic during the summer session a picnic lot has been provided in the woods north of RossAde Stadium. The picnic spot is provided with fireplaces, tables, and ruling water.
In the June 5 issue of the Exponent there appeared a feature story in which a co-ed “dreamed” her way through the men’s Bum Room. She described the room as she imagined it to be (did some pretty fair guessing—if it was guessing). Anyway at the end she asked how close she had come. Well, we men have decided to let you women in on the thing and tell you about OUR Bum Room, not because we think it’s any of your business,^ but because we’re proud of it and want to let you know what you’re missing this summer. Solid Comfort To reach the coveted place you go in the door and up two flights of stairs, and—there you are. In the room there are 14 arm-chairs and 4 couches for the comfort seeking visitors. Nothing fancy, just plain solid comfort. There is a ^^rge radio, a three band job that is guaranteed to pick up all the- best bands and other programs of interest. Along the north wall is a large book case for magazines. Among Digest,” “Saturday Evening Post,” such magazines as “Life,” Reader’s the periodicals appearing here are “New Yorker,” “Cosmopolitan,” “College Humor,” “Time,” “Look,” and the ever present man’s magazine, “Esquire'.” Informality is the key note here. Men sit, stand, dress and do as they please. It’s open from 8 in the morning until eleven at night and will prove to be a haven for the ed who wants someplace to go and relax.
Youth Meet For 3rd Leaders' Training
Classes; Sessions Start This Morning
Registration for the twelfth annual Rural Leadership School and the third annual Leadership Training School for Indiana rural youth was in progress yesterday at the University, with the first scheduled session getting underway last night at Fowler Hall, whpre Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, welcomed the visiting groups to the campus, and President Hassil Schenck of the Indiana Farm Bureau was the principal speaker.
Training School For Housemothers Opens Session
One hundred and twenty-five housemothers from over the nation met here yesterday in the open sessions of the second annual Housemothers’ Training School, which will continue until July 12. Dean Dorothy Stratton, dean of women at the University, is in charge of the school. For the first two week period the housemothers will study during morning sessions food and house management problems; the discussions will be lead by Miss Edith Gamble, of the University home economics department, and Miss Naomi McGuire, of the Women’s Residence Halls. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of this week during afternoon sessions Miss Blanding, of the University of Kentucky, will lead discussions on, “Objectives of Student Living Groups.”
Session Starts Tuesday The daily schedule of classes planned for the rural youth calls for sessions to start this morning, with George Doup, Columbus, president of the rural youth organization, in charge. The conference is being held through the co-operation of the University and the Indiana Farm Bureau. The program will close Friday afternoon with a planned tour of some' of the University’s outlying agricultural experimental farms. 200 Attend Last School Classes for the rural ministers and adult farm leaders attending the rural leadership school will start this morning, with Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, welcoming the visitors to the University for the two-week period. “Last year approximately 200 different people attended the various session, 86 of whom were registered for the entire two weeks,” stated Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the University department of education.
Nearly
1,500 Enroll
In SummerSchool
Noble Earl Kizer
The Great Blocker
(An Editorial) In football there are two kinds of players-^those who clear the path and those who carry the ball. Last Thursday, one of those who made* clearing the path his life work failed to rise from his last block. The entire nation who had watched the brilliant work of “the great blocker” stood in a hushed silence as the Referee announced the substitution, “Death for Kizer.” The ovation of applause which went up for a man who refused to quit in spite of the fact that he was injured was tremendous. Newspapers and sports commentators throughout the country heaped praise upon a man who never believed that his job was done even with death imminent. To the thousands who knew Nobe, who followed his teams, and who watched him work toward one of the finest athletic plants in the country, his death means the loss of one of sports’ greatest characters. ,
Summer session enrollment at the University reached 1492 during the first day of registration. This figure exceeds the 1397 for the corresponding period a year ago by nearly 100. Using the first day’s enrollment as a basis, it is expected that summer session attendance will reach a new zenith by the end of the nineweek period, since many of the intensive unit courses have not yet started.
Among the important events scheduled for the adult rural leaders are the following: a religious convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall, Sunday, June 23, with Dr. Homell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University, as principal speaker, and Joseph Ragains, assistant director of choral music at Purdue, in charge of the music; Fann Bureau Day, June 25; and Grange Day, June 27.
Socia^ Committee There will be a meeting of the summer session recreation committee at the west desk of the Union on Wednesday afternoon. It is important that every member of the committee attend. O. F. Hall, chairman.
“Hell Week is the most serious criticism of fraternities ” declared Dr. T. N. Barrows, president of Lawrence College Appleton, Wis., in an address Friday night, closing a week-long Fraternity Officers Training School, held at the University To take fraternities off the defen- . j
President Elliott in a statement made Thursday morning, expressed the sentiments of the University when he said, “Noble Kizer was rightly named. He was indeed a nobleman, and thousands today are deeply mourning the untimely closing of his career. Always, he displayed high courage, rare consecration to duty, and fine consideration for others. His life with us is one of the rich tra-
ditions of Purdue.”
/
To the students of the University where Noble Kizer added to his fame as a football player by making the name of Boilermaker one of the most revered and respected in the middle west his loss is inestimable. In the seven years that Kizer served as head football coach the Boilermakers lost only nine conference games arid won 42 out of ^ 58 games and had three ties. During that time, the Boilermakers won two Big Ten titles. In addition, as diljector of athletics, he launched the University’s huge program of intramural athletics. Nobe believed firmly in “athletics for all.” He also is credited with conceiving and planning the fieldhouse which now stands as concrete evidence of his foresight and enterprise. (Continued on page 2)
sive, the nationally recognized fraternity advisor urged the 56 representatives of the 28 fraternities present to do away with the “sophomore horseplay,” ihcluding the use of the paddle and tub. Contribute Nothing “They contribute nothing to the institution,” he said, “but rather contribute to brutality and interference with studies. The real change is the effect on the fraternity member.” “Luxury extravagance,” which contributes to the (^nancial bui'dens of fraternities,
was denounced.
“Government by discussion rather than government by decree,” is the most satisfactory basis of fraternity operation. President E. C. Elliott told the group. He congratulated those present for their pioneering in holding the school, which was the first of its kind ever held.
Stewart’s Plea
I The speakers werq introduced by Controller R. B. Stewart who proposed the fraternity officers training school idea last fall. Dr. Earl Butz, also of the University, who served all week in charge of ar-
rangements, was toastmaster. Dr. Butz was instructed to prepare a detailed report of the conference to be used in organizing similar schools in other parts of the country. First School of Kind The five-day school, which is said to be the first of its kind ever held, has had sessions on budgeting, accounting, auditing, reports, constructive initiation, cost control, chapter scholarship, co-opei*ative buying, summer rushing, obtaining pledges, financing a building program, meal planning, food purchasing, training and counseling of pledges, and others related to these fields. At Friday's session, C. D. Bushnell, superintendent of the physical plant; Naomi McGuii’e, supervisor of foods and house maintenance at the Purdue W omen’s Residence Halls; R. B. Stewart, University controller; Dr. G. Herbert Smith, dean of instruction at Dei^u^,University; G. O. Arbuckle, nmnager Clary Halls; and Miss Georgann Schilling, co-ed editor of the Exp<ment. were among the speakers arid discussion leaders.PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, June 18, 1940 i||
The Fifth f^olUMin
Tbday we instigate under this new heading a column whose sole purpose will be to cover and to comment upon the war in Europe, with the one end in view of keeping America out of it. .’.■*** As with the fifth columns of Germany, our purpose is sabatoge, sabatoge of the ideas and words of propagandists who would plunge us into the inferno -idjhoad. To avoid any misunderstandings, however, we here aijd now lable ourselves as propagandists, too. * * * The best'thing we’ve heard from the war this week is, or was, the attitude of the French Chamber of Deputies. According to the story we got. Premier Reynaud resigned because they refused to accept the offer of American aid without an American declaration of war. More crust than Russian black bread. * + * It’s like offering the condemned man a bullet proof vest as he faces the firing squad and having him tell you to go to hell unless you stand up with him. With just one vest between you, 4: + 4: We used to think school was pretty tough too be-
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post o....ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 187,9, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and Weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. Publication Staff Editor-in-Cbief R. W. Donahue News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Assbciate Editors: W. E. Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Sports Staff Editor i.... : J. P. Dolan
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ihc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
fore this darn war started. Now it doesn’t seem so bad. We do all our best fighting from an easy chair in the men’s bum room. Personally we’d rather be fourth man on the second couch than third man in the rear rank. We’re allergic to walking.
The Great Blocker
(Continued from page 1)
Yes, Nobe has been ‘pulled’ from his greatest game . , . a game in which he gave only his best. He always played to win . . . played hard and though he fought the opposition with all his strength he made no enemies. Only a few weeks ago we discussed with Nobe the new arrangement in scheduling Big 10 football games. The hiew agreement, which puts all the Big 10 schools on a home-and-home basis, was Kobe’s last “block” for the University. In the shadow of death he happily looked forward to 1942 when some of the bigger teams are to play in Ross-Ade stadium. He rejoiced in the fact that he was keeping faith with the student body whose wishes and demands he always heard with understanding. We’re going to miss Nobe, as will his many friends outside the University, his associates both in and out of athletics. He came to the University as a Notre Dame man and leaves us as the symbol of what a great “Boilermaker” should be, having Crystallized during his stay here everything that the name means to the sons and daughters of Purdue I
The War Today By James H. McKee • After Nine Months And Fourteen Days Of War . . . ‘defeated France asked Germany yesterday for a “peace with honor,” but as yet no answer to this request of the new premier Henri Petain has been forthcoming. An answer might result fro mthe meeting of the axis-partners Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini, which was thought to be taking place yesterday afternoon in the Brenner Pass, the scene of the winter meeting of the dictators. But as negotiations for peace were being made, the armies of France continued to defend French soil. As to the site for the armistice signing, mention was made of Compiegne, the scene of the signing of the 1918 armistice.
• As A Result Of The ... triumph over France the Nazi swastica now flies over land stretching from the Atlantic coast to the Russian border, and from the Arctic Circle to the Mediterranean Sea. Paris became the ninth European capital to fall under domination of the Nazi regime—others being Vienna, Prague, Danzig, Warsaw, Copenhagen, Olso, The Hague, and Brussels. ■ - • The New Premier . . . who succeeded Paul Reynaud at the head of the French government Sunday, spoke to the French people, saying, “It is with heavy heart that I say we must cease to fight. I have applied to our opponent to ask him if he is ready to sign wdth us and as between soldiei’s after the fight, and in honor, a means to put an end to hostilities.” • Across The English . . . Channel England prepares herself for a fight to the finish against the triumphant German war machine. With questions on the fate of the French fleet, the fate of British ^opps still fighting on French soik the fate of the French forces fighting with the British in Africa and the Near East still unanswered, Britain answers defiiantly that she will go on alone. She laces alone the combined foj’ces of Germany and Italy. Opposed by
140 million men and the natural resources of the Nazi-conquered countries, including those of her most recent ally Francep^^e* must fight alone for the security of th« Island and the Empire. • Sunday, As The French . . . cabinet sat in session to determine the fate of France, England suggested a Franeo-British union, a joint government that would continue the fight against invading Germany. But evidently the radical suggestion was not accepted. • Britain Looks . . . across the English Channel to land, which, for the first time in 125 years, is controlled by a Eur-ope-conquering power. Today marks the 125th anniversary of the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo. And until yesterday Britains said that that which happened then could happen again. But they were wrong. The conquering troops were not stopped in the fields of France, and England faces an unpredictable future. • The Defeaf Of France . . . leaves only Sweden and Switzerland, bordered by totalitarian powers,; Spain, a totalitarian ally; Portugal, a neighbor of the axis ally; and inland, suffering from a totalitarian war, still outside thb^ grasp of the Rome-Berlin axis.
Hassil E. Schenck
... president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, was one of the principal speakers before the opening convocation of the twelfth annual Rural Leadership School at 8 o’clock last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. The session was a joint meeting with those attending the third annual leadership training school of Indiana Rural Youth which will run concurrently with the adult school. President E. C. Elliott was the other speaker at the opening convocation, The school fof adult leaders will continue through June 28, W'hile the rural youth session will come to a close on Friday.
Dietrich Names Summer Session Playshop Program Three one-act plays to be presented the night of July 10 in the Hall of Music were announced yesterday as the Summer Session program of the University Playshop by Director John E. Dietrich of the speech department. The plays, which will be the first dramatic performances to be presented in the Music Hall, will be open to the public and there will' be no admission charge, according ■ to Dietrich. Tryouts for the productions will be held today and Wednesday in Fowler Hall. Students who have made previous application will be called for tryouts, and all others interested may arrange for an appointment at the Playshop office between 1 and 5 p.m. today. The first of the three plays to be presented will be “Alchemy,” a fantasy by Harold J. Hershenow, The play, written by Hershenow while he was a student at the University in 1927, was adapted by H. Kenn Carmichael, a former University speech instructor. The second play, “Refund,” by Fritz Karinthy,*.adapted by Perqival Wilde, is a humorous commentary on the American'^education system. “Beau of Bath,” by Constance D’Arcy Mackay, will be the’final one-act play.
Recreation Program Offers Lessons In Tennis, Golf, Archery Key—Recreation Program Starting the recreation program for summer session this afternoon, students may take instruction in tennis at 4 o’clock on the women’s courts north of the armory. This instruction will be given every Tuesday at the same hour, and later ifl the semester a tournament will be arranged. Golf Lessons On Thursday, Larry Imhoff, of the intramural department, will teach the first class in golf on the women’s athletic field at 4 p.m. Instruction in golf is open to, everyone. For the first lesson only one club is required, however, the University four hole practice course and municipal course "will be used later, requiring a full set. Also on Thursday, at 4 p.m. instruction in archery will be offered on the women’s range. Each of these classes in tennis, golf, and archery will be continued at the same day and hour throughout the summer if the interest shown warrants it. Mixed Swimming For the co-eds, the pool in the Memorial Gym will be open every afternoon from 4 to 4:30 p.m., and on Tuesday and Thursday at 4:45 until 5:30 the pool will be open for ' mixed swimming. A medical certificate from the Student Health Service is required. Etching Display
Robert Parks, director of the Union puttering room, announced yesterday that the display of original etchings and lithographs, loaned to the University by the Association of American Artists of New York, now on display in the Union music room, will remain on display until July 30. The display includes the works of 37 present day artists. John E, Dietrich ... of the speech department, received a degree of master of arts yesterday at the 87th annual commencement of the University of Wisconsin. SUMMER POSITIONS OPEN TO UNDERGRAD CO-EDS ^ Suihmer positions for undergraduate University women as governesses for young children and as general household assistants are at present open, according to Ruth Houghton, director of the University Placement Service for Women. Students interested in obtaining these positions should telephone or call at the placement service at once. Miss Houghton stated.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licthy
— DOUBLE FEATURE — TODAY - TOMORROW
EK.MSrin| SOTHERH J Rlibcii .RUTH HUSSEYJ IAN HUNTER CLIFF EDWARDS
STARTS THURSDAY
DOROTHY LAMOUR — IN — JUNGLE PRINCESS — PLUS — FORGOTTEN GIRLS
s'” ,
ssii .r"
&tANO SK-TION
[Copr. 2840 by United F«Aliire SyodicAte, loe..! Bcf. U, 8. Pat Off,—AU rlfbU reaerred*^
‘Oughta be another great season, Gus—same team, same manager, same peanuts.”
80 Essay Winners To Visit University Eighty young people, winners in their own counties of an essay contest on the State of Indiana, will visit the University tomorrow night on a state-wide tour being given them by the State Department of Publicity as a reward for their work in writing. The group will arrive here at 6 o’clock and will be quartered in the men’s and women’s residence halls, the 50 girls going to the north hall of WRH and the 30 boys going to
immem —TODAY^WEDNESDAY—
with Lucile WATSON , Virginia FIELD j A Maria OUSPENSKAYA C. Aubrey SMITH
—THUR. - FRI. - SAT. A PICTUEE TO EEIEMMH!
Different! HeartWarming! Thrilling!
RobetiYOUNC Helen SILIEET Al Charles Cobum • Lee Bowinat
yARS -TODAY-WEDNESDAY—
SI! SI! IT'S TORRIftCs
CiOHEY ANN smmn PAT O'iilEII
*1 ANDY DEVINE • HELEN VINSOF -THURSDAY - FRIDAY—
Those rousing... itllicking... rambunctious...romantic days!
-i
I THOSE WERE I THE DATS" I ^ RoromoMDl Plctur« with WIUIAMliOLClN BOHITA GRAHVILIE ^ EZRA STONE • iudith mrrett '4
the south Cary Hall. The group will hear President E. C. Elliott and F. B. Timberlake, president of the Chamber of Commerce, in welcome addresses. The evening will be left to them to see the University, and they will leave the following morning at 7:15 for Hammond.
—TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
— AND-
^AOTliy
— ALSO — 'Boy Scouts to the Rescue''
LUfelA -TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
LEW AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE Laraine DAY Shepperd , STRUDWICK ' Samuel S. HINDS
Nat PENDLETON ^
Plus , . . 2rid Feature
wi'h CESAR ROMERO IE«N ROBERS CHRIS-PIN MARTIN MINOR WATSON STANLEY FIELDS A 30th Ctftivry-Fox Kdvrt
-THUk. - FRI. - SAT.-
JACK HOLT in 'Passport to Alcatraz' — ALSO — RpY ROGERS in "ARIZONA KID"..r-'
Tuesday, June'^18. ,1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
i.
Dedicate Chem-Met wo/mes Martin Building Saturday At AChS Session In an address dedicating the Univerysity’s new Chemical and Metallurgical Building Saturday, Sidney D, Kirkpatrick, of New York City, editor of the Chemical and Metallurgical Magazine, told 300 members of the American Chemical Society and members of the University faculty and student body that the building represented “a service to our community, state,
and country.”
The ceremony, presided over by Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, was one of the closing events of the Midwest section of the American Chemical Society meeting on the campus. Chemists and National Defense Concerning the problem of national security and defense, Kirkpatrick pointed to the great strides that the chemical profession has made since World War I in advancing the United States toward self-sufficiency. “Great as are all the peacetime contributions of the chemical industry, there is no stronger arm of the national defense than will be found in the individuals who embrace the professions of chemical and metallurgical, engineering,” he stated. The dedicatory service was followed by a session of the Indiana Chemical Society as well as open house in the new structure and the Agriculture Chemistry, Chemistry, and Physics Buildings. Cyclotron Exhibit Among the exhibits which attracted a major share of the attention of the visitifig scientists were the cyclotron in the Physics Building and a display of the nitro-par-affin products developed at the University under the direction of Prof.
Henry B. Hass.
At a section meeting of the chemical society. Dr. C. D. Holley, director of the allied research for Sherwin-Williams Company of Chicago, presented an address attacking the import duty on perilla oil, saying that it “stuck almost a death blow’lat the use of soybean oil by the paint industry.
Summer Session Students Any person having questions regarding summer session work or related problems should feel free to make inquiries at the summer session office in the Executive Building. F. B. KNIGHT, Director of Summer Session.
. . , director of thfe Federal Research Laboratory for the U. S, Department of Agriculture at East Lansing, Mich., has accepted a position as head of the University poultry department effective July 1. Martin, a 1917 graduate of Purdue^ where he majored in poultry, was connected with the University of Kentucky poultry department for 21 years, the last half of that time as head of the department. He succeeds Prof. C. W. Carrick, who has been head of the department since 1926, but who has been asked to be relieved of his administrative duties to devote his entire time to important research and instruction of graduate students, a phase of the poultry work at Purdue which has been greatly expanded the past several years. Music Appreciation Extends Campaign University summer session students will be able to take advantage of the Lafayette Music Appreciation offer, according to an announcement received yesterday from the Appreciation headquarters at 312 North Fifth street, extending the carhpaign, which was to have closed June 5, indefinitely. Ten of the world’s most famous symphonies are now available in sets of twelve inch recordings. They include Schubert, Bedthoven, Mozart, Wagner, Bach, Debussy, Haydn, Tschaikowsky, Brahms and
Franck.
The Lafayette headquarters of the campaign, which is nation-wide, is managed by Helen L. Walters, ’35, and the local committee in charge of the movement is headed by Albert P. Stewart and F. D. Martin of the University staff.
The Tops • in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
FRESH CRISP SPOTLESS to hand with all the smartness yghich you admired when the garment was new..«Send your Palm Beach suits to us to renew their fine appearance.
4081 Phone
Phone 4081
-The Lovoest Price That Quality Permits-
On The Baseball Front By Arch
It seems that “Gentleman Jim” Dykes isn’t the only manager with worries. Although it took four days before a written statement by Warring Indians called off the rebellion of Cleveland players against Manager Oscar Vitt, the slate is again clean and will have to remain so if the team morale necessary among pennant aspirants is to lead them along the right warpath.
* *
The pennant races became little more definite during the past week than they were the week before. Following a hitting slump which threatened to catch up with their pitching slump in spite of Lou Finney’s hitting, the Red Sox from the Hub City won six of seven starts to top all other performances. Detroit took five out of seven games to pull ahead of Cleveland in percentage points, while Joe DiMaggie and Co. struggled along on three wins and three losses.
^ 4c
Chicago’s White Sox, usually jinx-team for the Red Sox, proved “cousins” in the baseball sense of the word by losing four straight to Cronin’s pennant-bound gang. Jimmy Poxx blasted homers No. 16 and 16, seventh and eighth he has hit off the White Sox this year, boosting his runs-batted-Sn total to 55, a potentiality of 180 for the season. Ted Williams, Bosox outfielder, took over Foxx’ role of winning games with home runs, slapping a twelfth-inning homer in the first game of Sunday’s double-head-er after scoring the tying run from the second base on an infield error in the ninth. Again Owner Tom Yawkey’s “gold-plating” is beginning to prove fruitful.
* *
Dizzy Dean continues to lend color to the favorite American game, this tirne with his appeal for demotion to the Texas League and a chance to develop a side-arm throw. Pitching for Tulsa, the Great One already has two wins to his credit and may return to the Cubs with his tongue in his cheek. Interest in baseball on the major league front centered around the legal player limit of June 16, on which date all teams were to have completed their rosters of 23 players. Little trading took place as the deadline neared other than that which ended one of the longest manhunts in sports history—Brooklyn’s annexation of Joe Medwick.
’ * *
Larry “Canadian Mountie” MacPhail, who has earned himself in less than three years a place in 'baseball managers’ hall of fame, “got his man” when the Cardinals, who just finished paying off Manager Ray Blades, found that they could visualize the fan-ridden Medwick in a Dodger uniform for the sum of $200,000. Pitcher Curt
ClassOf 1940Employment Tops Previous Year's Mark Sixty-five percent of the 1940 graduating class had jobs the day their received their diplomas, according to a survey made just before the class nsembers made their final march as Purdue students. This shows a jump of nine percent over last year’s figure. Seventy percent of the engineering graduates had employment- the day of graduation against fifty-sev-en percent of a year ago. The engineering schools showed the greatest gain but the increase was general in all schools of the University.
Davis joined the Daffy-boys in the
" deal.
* * Predictions? If overcoming their worst jinx means anything, the Red Sox should clean up on this road trip and b6 the team to beat, in spite of Jack Doyles’ ever-changing odds. Detroit, like Boston, depends on pitching, while Cleveland and the Yanks still have to think about third place. Brooklyn’s right to first or secoWdf place has been definitely established, with the Giants making just as strong a bid as the Cincinnati Redfe, who have been unable to count on Bucky Walters. STANDINGS National League . W L Pet. Cincinnati 35 17 .673 jBrooklyn 32 16 .667 New York 31 17 .645 Chicago 28 27 .509 St. Louis 20 29 .408 Pittsburgh 17 30 .361 Boston 17 29 .347 Philadelphia 16 31 .340 American League W L Pet. Boston 31 16 .660 Detroit 30 20 .600 Cleveland 32 22 .593 New York 27 24 .529 Chicago 23 30 .434 St. Louis 23 30 .434 Philadelphia 20 31 .392 Washington 21 34 .382 YESTERDAY’S RESULTS National League Boston, 5-5; Pittsburgh, 3-1. New York, 2; Chicago 1. St. Louis, 3; Brooklyn, 1. Cincinnati, 6; Philadelphia, 2. American League (No games scheduled.) TODAY’S GAMES National League St. Louis at Brooklyn Chicago at New York (night
game)
Cincinnati at Philadelphia (night
game).
(Only games scheduled.) American League Ne-v^ York at Chicago Philadelphia e at Detroit Boston at St. Louis Washington at Cleveland (night
game).
SUMMER SCHOOL STUDENTS LEARN TO DANCE PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT ALL TYPES OF DANCING TAUGHT INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL P. M. ALLEN, INSTRUCTOR GRADUATE CHALIF SCHOOL OF DANCING NEW YORK CITY PHONE 2150 or 6215
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
NEW and USjfD TEXT B^KS A Complete Stock of School Supplies University Book Store M. C. “Red” Sammons ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple ’40 Next to College Inn
Follow These Rules; Save 'Doc' And Yourself A Lot Of Trouble Taking time out from his examinations of the Physical Plant workmen yesterday. Dr. Sayers J. Miller, director of the student health service voiced the following rules to govern the conduct of summer session students. Mixed with his prediction that he probably would be unable to better his last year fishing record. Doc said that if followed these rules would make for a better and more profitable summer session for .students as well
as himself.
1) Get typhoid vaccine immediately, if not already protected. 2) Avoid excessive sunburn. 3) Wear a hat when exposed to sun for any length of time. 4) Maintain a light diet. 5) Shun cold drinks. 6) Drink plenty of water (cool but not-«old). 7) Avoid alcoholic beverages. 8) Wear light clothing, prefer-
ably white.
9) Avoid over exertion. 10) Bathe frequently. 11) Take sodium chloride tablets for advanced protection against loss of salt from the system. 12) Use common sense when around persons who can not swim. 13) Don’t dive into shallow water. 14) If troubled with ear, eye, or sinus trouble keep your hpad out of water when swimming. 15) Wear dark glasses when in
the sun.
S. J. Miller, D. Dl
II,j3 Irishman's
lllnsions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan We may seem a trifie late in writing about the man who is responsible for Purdue’s marvelous athletic plant and enviable Big Ten record from 1930 to 1940, but while waiting for the Exponent to do its summer weekly run, we have been able to think long and hard about the gifts of a noble, loyal individual—Noble E. Kizer. Egypt has been called the “Gift of the Nile,” and Purdue’s athletic department and intercollegiate athletes for a decade can certainly be titled the “Gift of Noble Kizer.” Being enrolled in the PE school and more than often quite close to his decisions, we have an intimate knowledge of his work in boosting the University. Everything the man did was for the benefit of Purdue. He was always devising some method of making students and athletes more comfortable at games
and in school.
—I-I—
The popularity of Noble Kizer can hardly be recognized by the present generation of Purdue students, as his time and energy during our college days has been spent behind the scenes in a directing role, but his popularity as a coach gained for him the title of “most popular coach” in the country in 1934, at which time he was chosen in a nation wide poll to lead the first attempt to band a group of college all-stars against a crack pro football squad.
—I-I—
But his popularity with fans wasn’t one-half as strong as with his boys who wore the cleats and pads of the gridiron. Many times we’ve heard a Purdue athlete say, “Nobe will give you a break even if you are on the tenth team,” and that’s the theme of his life—he gave everyone a break, which so many coaches would like to do but are afraid of the risk involved.
—I-I—
Due to his untiring efforts, even while stricken with a kidney malady, which physicians and himself knew to be incurable, future Purdue fans and athletes will have one of the best athlete plants in the country to enjoy. I know as far as I am concerned, every time that I see a ball fiy through a net in the Purdue fieldhouse, it will be a eulogy to the man responsible for that giant structure. To me the fieldhouse is Nobe’s monument; it appears so strong in construction and noble in contributions to Purdue.
Sigma Delta Psi Men Enter National Meet According to reports released by Larry Imhoff, of the Purdue intramural department, the national Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, track and field championships have not yet been tabulated into complete results as yet. Purdue’s chapter has completed its best individual efforts in ten years and their times and distances have been sent into the national office to be matched with the efforts of Sigma Delta Psi men of other universities from coast to coast. The lad leading the Purdue team was Campbell, a member of the Purdue gymnastic club, with four firsts. Rankin, Holderman, and Weber also turned in performances that may take high national honors. f. F. Griest . . . EE ’04, has been elected vicepresident and general manager of the Lehigh Foundries, Inc. at Easton, Pa., according to an announcement received recently.
And so with a monument that houses his theme of “athletics for all” and a physical education school that under his guidance has placed itself at the top in ’its group of instruction, and such men as Bob Woodworth, Elmer Burnham, Mai Elward, Ward Lambert, Dutch Fehring, Mert Clevett, and Dr. Eastwood to follow Mr. Kizer’s noble wake, we write our last lines about Noble Kizer — a man who gave everyone a break regardless of color or creed, and may the Almighty give him a break.
STUDjBNT SUPPLIES Desks, chairs, typewriters, drawing instruments, slide rules, loose leaf books, lamps, duplicators, and filing cabinets.
CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS Drinking cups, toilet paper, paper towels, napkins, liquid soaps, dustdown, fans, waste containers and waste baskets, sandurns. ENGRAVING and PRINTING BINDING and PUBLISHING //
HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry
LafayettePURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, June\8, 1940
■i'.. 1
8elax in the ONION
Get
Acquainted
“Front Entrance’’
With It
The Hundreds
Who Use It Daily
“East Entrance”
There is an old saying that slates, ‘‘the best things in life are free.” (Don’t quote us we’re not positive.) We are sure, though, that many of the best things in the UNION are free. Such as: • the Game Room
• the Music Room • the Browsing Room • the Lounge • the Telephones • the Puttering Shop For a nominal fee, you can enjoy the Billiard Room, Bowling Alleys, Cafeteria, Grill, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop and the new Coffee Shop.
The
UNION CLUB
is open to permanent and transient guests this summer.
The Purdue Memorial Union planned and maintained for you, is to make your school terms ihore enjoyable, and to give you a chance to relax both body and mind. Consider each visit to the UNION vacation; for tliat is what it’s for. Enjoy the Union this summer—it’s your’s—USE IT.
JhiL (puUtdwL TyisunuiiciL lAnwn>
The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
\.