‘■J '■r H ’-‘1-r r''‘, ' ] > I h j ^ t. *" •*
/- i >
®he PurjCiue TSxaanent
^ TS^*1«« 1 fvxj-Ji ±,^ ^JS •fc^—i^i'* ^
. i{ijntfy4^'.,;{ig^
Published Daily by Students of Purdue tlniversity
VOLUME XLVUI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, ,1937
NUMBER 8U
Nips Boilermakers, 38-37
/Vo Bulls J^arg0 Enough^ Big Drum Must trade Steer fflde$ For Airplane Cloth
By H. It St9Al>ack
^ Sometime before next Derby* Day, tjie Purdue Big Drum will renounce its bull-hide ancestry and put on a synthetic and liiodemistic fronts Although synthetic, it will be ‘^allamerican” in the future, since it will discard its South-American steerhide drum-heads, for artificial ones. United States made. The concert by the University ’ symphonic band last Saturday night earned about $460 toward the repair of the famous drum. An audience of over a thousand attended the benefit performance. Cost $1,200 Built in 1919, at a cost of $1,200, the drum came to the University as a gift from the members of the band. About 100 of them had played at the state fair the previous summer and they paid for the big instrument out of their wages. The Leedy company, then of Indianapolis, constructed the drum making the heads out of bull hides that were found in South America after a'two-, year search. Now that the time for replacing these heads has come, no hides large enough can be procured. One-Fourth Inch To Spare The ^um was designed so that it could barely be taken through a baggage car doorway, leaving only one-fourth inch to spare after turning the tiulky instrument tfarougli a complicated series of maneuvers in order to slide it through. Soon after the Purdite drum was completed, Chicago University, thinking tp capitalize on the publicity Purdue had been getting, constructed a drum just one inch larger than Purdue*s. As a consequence their drum cannot be taken on a train, and is nearly always Jeft at
U
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
“NO children under 16 will be admitted,” says “Doc” Miller when commenting on the latest moving picture ’‘Damaged Lives” which will be shown at Eliza Fowler Hall today and tomorrow ... the picture is a “talkie,” one of the first to be shown here, and is the story of venereal diseases . . . how to prevent and to cure them . . . Freshmen today at 11, eds and their men friends today at 4 and tomorrow at 11, and co-eds tomorrow at 4 ... —30— “STUFF,” according to Henry Bago, DePaul journalist, “is a beautiful word because it means everything and nothing. Stuff is what elf-wings are made of, and cobwebs, and moonbeams. Stuff is what makes a man stand up in the ring for fifteen rounds when his eyes are full of blood. Stuff is what is in the Encyclopaedia Brittamca; what is in the rings of Saturn; what makes a comb pick up small pieces of paper after it has combed your hair.” Yep ... that nvord certainly has the stuffi —SOSPEAKING of “stuff,” our “AllAmerican” band ought to get a bushel of orchids because of their excellent performance last Saturday. John Phillip Sousa and his ^roup couldn’t have done better . . . they really had the “stuff” —80— CUTTING privileges are a thing of the dim, dim past at the University of North Carolina, because class attendance is now a matter for the individual instructor. The new ruling was brought about because of the beliof that some courses require absolute attendance, while some others do not. The new ruling especially the words, “at the discretion of the Instructor,’' has a lot of students worried . . . and say, this plan might even work here . . .
home when the Chicago band takes
a trip.
17 Years Old After 17 years of use and exposure, 4;he big drum is badly in need of refinishing and new drum-heads. One head is cracked, probably as a result of overheating in the Armory this summer. About $600 will be required to complete the rejuvenation as it is planned. Synthetic drum-heads, made from a cloth base will be used. A dope-like substance will be applied to a cloth resembling airplane fabric. The process is still experimental, but it has been very successful for small drums. In addition to the new drumheads, the shell will be refinished in a sort of gold plate, with the bars painted black. If possible the whole thing will be mounted on an automobile chassis, so that it can be moved under its own povrer.
Discuss Pest Control Here Commercial Exterminators Study Home Pest Problems This week will bring to Lafayette many commercial pest exterminators to study and discuss the many problems of the home, including bedbugs, fieas, clothes moths, carpet bugs, rats and other undesirable pests. Prominent Men To Attend The conference will continue through Friday of this week, tmder the direction of J. J. Davis, head of the University Department of Entomology, drawing many prominent men of the industry including t^e president of the National Association of Exterminators and Fumigators, B. W. Eldridge. At a dinner Thursday evening President E. C. Elliott will address the conference.
PUBLICATION
During the first semester exaipinations the Exponent will published only on the following duys: January 20, 21, 23, 26, and 28. The regular schedule will be resumed with the issue of February 2.
Yuen Yu Chou, Chinese E E, Dies Saturday Diphtheria, Scarlet Fever, Complications Claim Life Of Co-ed Miss Yuen Yu Chou, Chinese student in electrical engineering, died Saturday evening following a two weeks’ illness from streptococci complications of diphtheria and of scarlet fever. Following the funeral here the body will be sent to China. The date of the funeral has not yet been set. Chinese Graduate Miss Chou was a graduate of the National Central University in Nanking. She was employed by the radio division of the Ministry of Communications which was assisting her in studying in America. Miss Chou is survived by her mother, father, a brother and three sisters, one of whom is studying electrical engineering in China.
A. W. Gamble Speaks At Multiproforuni Tells Of Experiences In Hospital For Insane A. W. Gamble, veteran Lafayette photographer has been scheduled as the speaker at the Multiproforum meeting at 7:30 Wednesday evening in room B of the Memorial Ufiion Building. He served for 16 years as chief clerk of the Northern Indiana Hospital for the Insane and his subject for discussion will be some of his observations made while serving in that capacity. This talk will continue the series of social and economic questions discussed at the Multiproforum meetings.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The following men will serve on the nights indicated as issue editors: Tue., Jan. 19, Vance; Wed., Jap. 20, Schroeder; Fri., Jan. 22, Anthony; Mon., Jan. 26, Bailey; Wed., Jan. 27, Hardin; Mon., Feb. 1, Stanback; and Tues., Feb. 2, Chapin. Freshmen will work on nights when their final exam schedules will permit. —MORRIS.
Couch Gets “IT’’! —By Popular Vote Exemption pr no exemption . . . that is the question—^at least during these last few hectic pre-examina-tion days. C. W. Couch, junior mechanical, 222 Wiggins street, was exempt from applied mechanics 2 final by popular vote of his classmates. When Prof. H. F. Girvin came to-Couch’s name in reading the list of exemptions he said, “Couch is right on the borderline as far as grades go, but I don’t think he deserves an exemption because he’s the laziest man in the class. However, I’ll leave it up to you students. Should he get an exemption ?” The class thought he should.
Turner Gives Talk Tonight Measuring to the millionth parf of an inch will be the high point of a lecture to be given in Michael Golden Shops this evening at 7:30 by Prof. W. P. Turner, in charge of the machine shops in the practical mechanics department. Professor Turner, who developed the method which makes u^e of light rays, will demonstrate his apparatus. The subject of his lecture is “Instruments For Fine Measurements,’ and is open to the public.
Former University Students Are Married Two former University student. Miss Maxine Morrison, and Mr. Jack Swezey, were married last Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The bride was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, and the bridegroom was a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Mr. Swezey, who was graduated in 1934, is now a research engineer for the Rostone Co. Upon their return from a motor wedding trip, Mr. and Mrs. Swezey will make their bomo ut 703 Jackson street, Attica.
EXPONENT BOARD
The Exponent board will meet at 4 p. m. today in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. All elected juniors and seniors are required to be present. —HUNT.
A Jinx?
Goal In Final Seconds Decides Hectic Battle Game Unnecessarily Roughs Three Men ttuted Out On Personals; Purdue Ahead 23^11, AtHiJf
By Dick Obenchain
Purdue’s Boilermakers booted a ball game away to a fighting Illinois net squad by the narrow margin of a 38 to 37 score at the Jeff gym last night. Although the Purdue squad deserves much praise for its great fighting spirit and its excellent plays, the team as a whole cannot be commended either
for its sportsmanship or for its performance under fire of
a tightly-contested game. Last Seconds Djecide Gam^ The ball game was decided in the
last few seconds of play when the
flashy mini forward, Boudreau was
fouled by Young as he took a futile one-handed shot from the sideline.
Under the severe strain, Boudreau
missed both free throws but as the
second attempt rolled off the rim, Swanson batted the ball back into
the hoop to give Hlinois its winning
score.
The game was one of the most exciting games which has ever been played in the Jeff gsrm. It was one of those games which are never de.^ termined until the final gun has been sounded. Fans Lose Hope Many of the Purdue fans lost all hope when the game was 36 to 32 against them with but little over a minute to go, but Johnny Sines, who seemed to be the only cool player on the floor at the time, sank two fieldgoals to pull the Boilermakers (Continued on page 3)
Gohee Makes Run Of 294 Breaks Own Intereollegiate Becord Again S. M. “Maje” Cohee, holder of the intercollegiate straight rail billiard tecord, broke his oWn record run Saturday for the second time in less than a week. His latest record fun, made Saturday, was 294. Last Monday night Cohee ran 217 points, expelling his intercollegiate record by 65 points. Ambrosen, who has already wpn the class A tournament, defeated Brewer, and Ingleman shaded Farrington in two other matches.
American Movie Mug8 Decorate Spanish Dugouts
•£■ ^0 *!■
i|» gfi
Youth Correspondent On Madrid Front Tdls Of
By Roger Klein
4: 4: *
Hs Hs 45
War Facts In An Vneensored Article From Paris
Spa^ press InfcrAiilwii on yonUi,
Madrla front tntn tM Youth rront Battalion. H|s exp^eitjee^ are recounted grraphicallr in tnO fdliowinar article, written in Paris nnd subject to Spanish censorship* 'i"' formation was made avaiiable for pubiication through the World Co|nmunitjr of Youth in coilpboration tnt|t tbo “Prente Do Lu JdVtntnd.’'
Madrid, Jan. 8—(Special)—Passing the Princess bridge, we enter the Barrico de Usera, a suburb beyond the walls of Madrid. Soon we have to leave the car, which we leave in an obscure gully, to hide it as well as possible from the eyes of thp rebel aviators, and protect it, on three sides at least, from the shells of the trench mortars. Surrounded By Lanes On every side of us lanes run out to the distance, unknown territory, little fences, often enclosing tiny gardens before modem style tiiqy suburban dwellings. My comp^nio:^, Carlos Alvarez, president of the Left Federal Youth leads me straight to the kitchen of a little bungalow, two-thirds destroyed. It is from this room that
the chief of the Youth Front Battalion for this sector. Commander Lozada, directs the operations.
“I Want To See”
“You want to see tfie front lines ? . . . I’ll take you up and show'you myself, with Carlos Alvarez, who is the political commissaire of my
unit.”
Lozada goes in front, Carlos and I follow, in Indian file, sticking close to the wall of the street. We cross the lane, crouching, in a shallow communication trench Which zigzags across to the house op the other side. We enter it by h round hole in the wall on the same line as the trench. Machine Gun Bursts The habitual concert of rifle shots bursts of machine guns, explosions of the mortar bombs. Moreover, the rebels are using more than usually their explosive balls which make a special noise when they burst and constitute the base of this music. “Hello Frenchie! Sqlud Camar-
ada!”
In groups of ten, of thirty, the militia of the Youth Front are installed behind their sandbag fortresses. A real band of kids and all rudely sympathetic. They make fun
of everything and really life isn’t funny at all in this corner of the world. In the daytime, everything goes well, but at night, each night, the battle rages . . . and they hold the upper hand still. Political Mixture “We, we are Catalans, the others in this groups are Andalousians, the fellows down there are Asturians, like Lozado, Alvarez, Vidal (Ccom-mander-in-chief) and Rozado, political chief.” Socialists, communists, anarchists, tradeunionists, republicans of all sorts, do not stop praising one another’s work here. We pass by a street fortified with sandbags that crown a tile roof of a house whose walls are pierced by mortar bombs and supported by more sandbags for safety. Here the students stand guard. Some of them have returned from Paris to put themselves at the service of the cause. One of them, the son of a Catalan deputy, was also a journalist, but he preferred the “parapeto” to the editing room ... By the openings for trench mortars they show me the fascist lines. No need for glasses here, for “no man’s land” is only from 60 to 160 yards away.
On the way back, in one of the communication trenches 1 hear a burst of laughter on my left. Let us see. It’s a dugout, in which 6 young Sevillians have installed themselves. They have named themselves the “Plebs.” “Hi! The journalist! You’ll have have to tell about us. We’re oply six but what brutes! They’ll never step on us!” The dugout is decorated, humorously, with the photos of American actresses to which the musketeers have added moustaches. Where there are no photos there are paper garlands and without the stem looking machine gun sticking out towards “no man’s land” you would think it was a night club setting. Ansrthing to make out you are not where you are! It is extraordinary how the unity of these groups has hem built so rapidly, in this recent forWtion ... Battalion of the Youth Front! . .. A marvelous amalgam, achieved under the enemy’s fire, the most di verse elements of young Spain, be it on the level of poltical hehef, cultural level, regional homeland, have come together abound a common ideal: love of liberty and a single wifi; TO DEFEND MADRID!
Was it a 13 jinx ?
As the final fatal basket trickled through the net, spelling our first basketball defeat of the season, the ticket takers found themselves looking futilely at the scoreboard and clutching handfuls of pink ticket
book coupons.
On each coupon, in large blue numerals was printed the ticket
number, 13.
Wabash Flood Waters Recede River Goes Down After Reaclung 21-Foot Stage The flood waters that have been swirling by Lafayette during the last week or so have begmn to recede after giving the impression that spring was here and winter was only a memory. Reaching its crest Sunday morning with the gauge showing 21.1 feet, the river was slowly subsiding and on Monday a. m. the gauge was at 20.3 feet. The north river road was still submerged at two places, but the forecast from the weather man gave a hopeful outlook on the situation, with his opinion that the river Will continue to recede and that within two or three days win be badi in
it’s original bed.
First Showing Of Social Disease Pictures Today Films Wai Be Shown Fort Times This Week Talking pictures on social diseases, “Damaged Lives,” and “Science And Disease,” will be shown this morning to all freshmen military students at 11:00 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, according to au announcement by Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Student Health Service. These pictures, which have never hean shown here before, will be shown four times this week; today at 11, again at 4, and tomoirow at 11:00 and 4:00. There are four reels to each showing, and will take an hour to run through. The first three showings will be for men only and the last for the co-eds. Freshmen Military Students The freshmen mUitary students have already had lectures on venereal disease, and according to Dr. Miller, these pictures should definitely decrease the amount of social disease on the campus.
Cool And Fair By Tempy 'ni» Expooent W«tttlier
It doesn’t make much difference what I say about the weather ten day. No one will pay any attrition to it. When the weather isn’t very, very poor or very, very good no, one notices it. It wiR be medium weather today and everyone will he talkiiRi ha^etbaU so it doesn’t matter mu<di, It’s on dsys like Uns that I get disgusted witi^ my job .«. I can’t make anyone happy or sad by my prediction so it aR seems sort off futUe, Anyway, it’ll be e<Kd and fair.THE PURDUE "
EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 19,193*7
Notice! *T)ue to our desire to make money we failed to provide seats for all coupon book holders at last night’s basketball game.” This is what the athletic department should have said but didn’t. Readers’ Opinions rh0 Expomta wtlcemtx eommenu 0/ UsU xnd rsMsotubU Ungth from itt reUors Educators To the Editor: If one were to ask any of the instructors m the chemical school what they thought about written examinations, 90 per cent would say that they were absolutely necessary for the education of the students. And then, if one were to write to the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, which is the leading education research foundation in the country, and ask the same question these men would state just the opposite. Now, just what is the dif f erence»between the chemical school of Purdue and the Carnegie Research Foundation? Maybe you can guess. While the leaders of education are steering away from examinations more all the time, Purdue keeps addmg more. There is a movement to abolish final examinations altogether at Purdue by some of the real “teachers,” but many professors wouldn’t know how good a student actually was uhlegs that instructor had a grade in his book fron^^aminations. The Carnegie jRqundation’s latest report states: “The succe^tsf^n educational system cannot be measured in terms of the numbers who pass or fail in examinations, but by the degree to which it has been able to discover the abilities and needs of the pupils and students and has provided for them the type of education from which they are capable of profitmg.” Now, how many instructors connected with the chemistry department or the chemical school know how each student is doing except by some numbers or letters put in his book by some graduate student who may know even less about the course than some of the students taking it. And how many of these instructors ever see the messes that result from an examination which was given, not to see how well they have been teaching the course or how well the students have been getting it, but only to give the students a grade. When an instructor doesn’t even know what percentage of students miss an important question on one of his tests, it isn’t hard to guess how much teaching is being done. —Edwin K. Jones
Standardized Tests To the Editor: The most useless and unfair type of examination conducted on this campus is the standardized multiple-choice test which is used by several departments, the practical mechanics department being the chief sustainer of these examinations. If these tests were used only once they would be satisfactory, but, under the present system, they are employed by several different class divisions. What is the result when these tests are used several times? Well, while the first division or class to take the test is working, the members of the remaining classes are waiting back at the fraternity or boarding house for the correct results to be brought to them. The smarter members of the class that takes the test first write down the numbers corresponding to the correct answer on a piece of crap paper and take these results to friends in the remaining classes; students do not have to have any knowledge of the subj’ect whatsoever to pass such a test. The results on these tests depend more on how many correct numbers can be obtained from friends than on the knowledge of the subj'ect.
$urtiue exponent
Fonnded In ISU
Edii
EOITOBIAL STAFF
Sdltwr _ AModwte Bdfton Advorttaiiur Miuwirer
BuaiiWM
BUSINESS STAFF
NwUoiuil Advertbfnj; Manager lioeal Adrertlalna: Wanager ^ emulation llanagar
Mftor,
BPOBTS STAFF
This places a heavy handicapin the student who is unable to obtain the answers or is too honetit to teke the results if he has access to them. This is hardly a fair means of obtaining a grade in any subject. The one and only reasons that these tests are given is that it saves the instructor tljie work of making out an additional test. It has been said that the same test is given to all groups in order that a test of equal difficulty be taken by everyone. This purpose could still be''retained, however, by simply changing the figures in problems wjiich require numerical computation is required and by changing the position of the correct answers to other questions in the multiple-choice type of test. Certainly any change would be better than the standardized tests as they are used at present.—C. D. S.
Current Comment
For Safer Flying
Five major air crashes since December 15 may lead to the placing of regulation of interstate air traffic under the supepision of the Interstate Commerce Commission. A bill to this effect was introduced into the United States Senate Thursday by Senator Pat McCarran, of Nevada, after Senator Royal S. Copeland, of New York, had charged the bureau of air commerce in the department of commerce with the responsibility for these disasters. The department of commerce Was receiving blame for the five recent smash-ups from another source on the same day. Charles H. Payne, aviation engineer, who made an extensive survey of American Air Lines last year for a subcommittee of the senate, also laid the responsibility there. Adverse weather conditions have been the chief causes of the air accidents, and Payne asserted that the department of commerce has the authority to curtail operations drastically during the bad weather (this was one of the recommendations in his report to the senate subcomittee), but has done nothing about it. Under the McCarran bill, the I. C. C. would prescribe safety devices for flying. The bill requires the licensing of all aircraft engines as a means of maintaining efficient equipment and flyers. It also provides for annual inspections of all transport planes and engines by federal experts. The air disasters during the latter part of 1936 and during this month have made a blot on the splendid record of the flying service for the first part of last year, and have provided ample room for condemnation of this form of transportation by its opponents, commercial and otherwise. Stricter regulations are necessary for securing safety and for restoring confidence in travel through the skies. —R. P. M.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
1936 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST REPRESENTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madibon AvE New York N Y Chicago . boston ■ ban Francisco Los ANSELEB • Portland Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliyered by maQ, $8 69 per year, delivered by earner, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER Ths ExpottstU will mtA asxums resfonsihility /or the opMonr voiced im tkit eofuvm. Such opiniont ere solely those ef xoriter
On Comparisons
itorJn-Chief W T Hunt Managing Editor _ „ „ « E H Morris Assoeiate Editori__....K. A Barnette. J. E Brock, A H Forster
R. P. Manion, C. L Sadler
Sophomore Assistants W M. Anthony, D. A Bailey,
3 A. Chapin, J. R. Clark. L. S Hardin, G. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D R. Vance
E H Kellogg, K. E O’Neil
WOMEN’S STAFF _ Helen Creech Jeanne Jfanousek. Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke „ „ „ Betty Barnett
„ B. J. Hulse L H. Brown D. C. MlUer ™ J. P. Girard
„ L. D, Wood
Amieebg mitoiB~.-,W. H. FHhM, 8. B. Origia>s, B. F. Obendialn
Um» Editor—C. D. Sdiroeder.
In student arguments and when many questions of policy are discussed, the thing always gets around at some time or another to comparing Purdue with other schools. “Now at Indiana, they do thus and so, but at PURDUE, they do such and such,” is a sentiment often
heard.
I wonder if such a comment is even occasionally to the point? Purdue is a novel institution; its counterpart cannot be found anywhere. The largest engineering school in the world, it also contair|s many students of other professions. Its curricula are almost alone in the great amount of work to be covered and supposedly learned in four years. It is not the home of the “Joe,” but rather caters to the hard-working, serious student. It is growing by leaps and bounds, and is hard pressed for enough able instructors and for adequate fa-
cilities.
Subject to the whims of the state legislature, which has so far lived up to its responsibilities fairly well, it cannot be truthfully compared to private, endowed institutions which have all kinds of money at their disposal. Not allowed to really limit the quantity or quality of entrants, it must make up for many deficiencies in early training, a task that it performs remarkably well when you consider the type of graduates it turns out. So, before comparing Purdue with other institutions in attempting to prove something or other, it might be well to look into the situation thoroughly and see if there is any real basis for comparison.
WRH had a Hidey Hi time Saturday night—someone went out one of the doors at 1:15 setting off the fire alarm, etc ... HELEN and the rest of the dorm-watcher-overs had a swell time checking up on the gals, but too bad, everyone was in.. “Little Boy!” said one of the Ag Conferences t’other day to ‘Jo-Jo’ BOB MUELLER “Could you tell me where I can get one of them thar Gold and Black sailor caps you’re wearing’ I’d like it fer me little boy on the farm” . . . TEVIE SPENCER’S got a squaw at Ward-Belmont College, Nashville Tenn.—Understand they plan to get hitched in June. Careful of southern babies, TEVIE, first thing you know she’ll have you boiling in her Brew . • . No man would want to serve two Chi O’s . . DWIGHT WAIT and MARY ‘4H’ WEIN have a peculiar love for each other—it’s flaming—like the love that flames in the heart of Exponent members for ALICE ‘The Goon’ —their love started at Indiana’s State Fair several years ago when WAIT would get up at six in the morning just to tell MARY what a pest she was, etc—of course quiet and unassuming MARY never uttered any form of back-fire—not
much
What a shiner! Where did you get it Miss WHITNEY ... some of the Thetas say there was a brawl m the front room the other night... DU pledge PHIL FREEMAN pulled a sneak-out act last Thursday night with Kappa pledge VIRGINIA GARDNER who decided the food at WRH isn’t as good as a ‘burger and cup of java in a chophouse with P-H-I-L-L RAY STOCK, claims that he went out to play bridge the other night, but LOIS HIXON, STOCK’S current better half, claimed Sunday, when at the Phi Kappa house, that she can’t play bridge—so what WES DWIGHT’S RIDE Scene: North river road. Time: About. His date ????. For some reason WES paid no attention to signs saying that the road was closed—^next thing WES knew the car was stalled knee deep in water —he had to leave the car, wade back to land and thj^n walk two miles to town to get a wrecker to pull him out—it cost him five smacks for the
“The dirty crook—^he got away with our spare tire!
wrecker and five smacks more to change gas and oil—^WES didn’t even get in to make his eight o’clock —too bad, WES, better luck next time you go out . .
1
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
BRAZIL BLOCK COAL $5.25 Per Ton Delivered Also Slack and Rgg Coal Special Prices on Load Lots COLUMBE COAL CO. 1712 South Si. Phone 7056
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor- ‘ ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary feci.
NOW PLAYING
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY A Poromeun* Relsote with ' WILLIAM BOYD JIMMY ELLISON. ONSLOW STEVENS
uMiisf nwEs?i sT
t!UNNIES.T,COMlCS will,JACK BENNY MARTHA RAYE GEORGE BURNS GRACIE ALLEN MARY BO LAND Marsha HUNT Eltannre WHITNEt
— Pina — CARTOON IN COLOR COMEDYy
- r fS'
' T-J-*-’
" ur
■ ' (’’I J ■* i, „ v'T
THE PURDUE EXPONEjIT
Hoosi^rs FaU In Boilermakers’ Path
»
Crowds Brave Flood Waters To See Young Lead
In Scoring With 10 Points
Coach Ward Lambert proved to be a person of conscience when he took the varsity out of the game with Indiana last Saturday night and allowed the poor Hoosiera to regain some of their self-respect. With only four routes to play and the score 41 to 21 in his favor, *Tiggy*^ could no longer stand the
slaughter and he put in the reserves, allowing the Deanmen to bring the score up to 41 to 30 by the time that the final
gun sounded.
Road Conditions Bad
Some of the Purdue fans had. a hard time making the game in time as many of them had to go 2,00 miles to travel the short distance from Indianapolis to Bloomington, due to the swollen White River which overflowed and covered the low roads between the two cities. From the Boilermaker fans’ standpoint, the game was worth all of the extra trouble as they saw their team defeat their closest rivals as they think that Indiana should always be beaten. Scoring Scattered The Purdue scoring was scattered over the entire squad with only a few points between the scoring records of the first six men. Jewell Young was again high scorer for the Boilermakers with ten points on five field goals. Brig’s performance was particularly impressive as he made his points while being guarded by the great Vernon Huffman, In-
diana’s hope for all-American net
honors.
Downey and Anderson ran Jewell a close race and finished just a point or two behind him with nine and
eight points respectively.
Gunning was the big gun in the Indiana attack with nine points on four field goals and one free throw. Gunning allowed Young to gain a point in the Big Ten individual scoring race and the Boilermaker forward is now far in the lead with 61 points in four games played.
Lineup and summary:
Purdue (41) B. F. P. Anderson, f-c 4 0 2 Young, f 5 0 2 Sines, f 1 2 1 Hutt, f 0 0 1 Seward, c 2 1 3 Holloway, c ' 0 0 0 Malaska, g 2 1 0 Downey, g 4 1 0 Dickinson, g 0 0 1 Dean, g 0 0 0 Mangas, g 0 0- 0 Totals .18 6 10 Indiana (30) B. F. P. Gunning, f 4 1 1
JOHN WHY Are you DRIVIN6 So SUav/Dv"?
I OOTta TAKE CARE OF this CAR, I’M NOT SUPPOSED TO DRIVE MORE THAN 50 MILES FER HOUR, THE FIRST Sroo MIUES ;
ITS FUNNV HOW CAREFUL MOST DRIVERS ARE ABOUT iBREAKlNg THEIR CARS IN,, THE FIRST gOO MILES
W^VE MILES. NOW I CAN STEP ON IT?
- AND HOW CARELESS A LOT OF THEM GET, FROM THEN ON ABOUT BREAKING THEIR OWN NECKS
SEEMS TO MB You WERE A lcf more interested in taking SCARE OF THE CAR THE FIRST ESDO MILES THAN >flJU WERE IN taking care of US, SECOND 5bO MILES'.
Nine out of every ten automobile accidents which In 1934 Involved driving errors resulted from too much speed, It Is shown by reports compiled by the Travelers Insurance Company. This fact Is brought out In numerous ways by the statistics ou automobile accidents, among which are these: The rate of death In 1934 per accident on highways was more than 100 per cent greater than the average for all accidents combined. This shows that the highway Is no place for a driver to be "asleep at the switch.” The rate of death per accident on curves was 131 per cent worse last year than the average for all accidents combined. The question has been asked, “what does the driver think about when he goes around a curve too fast or on the wrong side of the road?” Government mortality statistics show that the rate of death from au tomoblle accidents continues to
mount faster In rural territories than In urban districts. In 1938, the latest year that such statistics are available, the death rate from auto* mobile accidents Increased 6.4 per cent compared to 1932. In urban districts It Increased 4.5 per cent, while In rural territories It In* creased 10.1 pet cent. From 1923 to 1933 Inclusive, the total death rate from automobile accidents increased 58.7 per cent, although in urban dls* trlcts it Increased only 32.8 per cent. In rural territories, however, the rate of death jumped 101.9 oer cent. Many motorists fall to appreciate the fact that "the person who always drives at a reasonable rate of speed saves gasoline, trouble, money and human life." Don Herold in his cartoon above hits the nail on the head. He wonders why drivers usually are sr carefu breaking In nev care but are so careless with theii own lives and the lives of others just as soon as the "broaking* In” distance has been travel<»1.
5 hmo, SHOE ICE-SKATES $4.00 to $7.95 JOHN SPERB, Haw. ‘ 822 Main St.
Etnire, f .,..2 0 1 Johnson, f — 2 0 0 Fechtman, c ...1 8 2 Hosier, c ... 0 0 0 Huffman, g 1 1 2 Andres, g 2 1 2 Platt, g 0 0 2 Totals 12 6 10 Referee—John Getchell (of St. Thomas). Umpire—^Bob Nipper (Butler).
ielder’s.... ....choice I i«By Bob WalpoloMM—M
Indiana didn’t put up the resistance that everyone thought... even the team and Piggy Lambert . . . those faststepping local lads were dropping the pill in with extreme accuracy, which isn’t altogether unusual for Purdue’s Boilermakers ... —^fc— Now about the game last night . . . we’ll tell you the dope tomorrow, because at this writing, the game is still in the future, a much looked-forward-to event... —fc— Remember now, the game Isn’t as yet. . . here’s the way Illinois will stack up . . . two of the best forwards in the Big Ten—^Combes and Boudreau, a tough, tall center, and a couple of quick defensive guards . . . compared to their five, Purdue has six men, anyone of who will match dribble for dribble, pass for pass, and shot for shot . . . confident? . . . sure we’re confident . . . Purdue hasn’t let her supporters down yet and we doubt if she does with the mini .. . —^fc— To go on ... Purdue took Indiana with about the same score as Illinois . . . mini beat a strong Iowa team by almost three times the four point margin between Iowa and the Boilermakers . . . but, Illinois lost to Northwestern ... —^fc— So what, Illinois will be Purdue’s toughest opponent . . . the outcome . . . we’ll know in the morning . . .
Goal in Final Seconds Wins For Ulini (Continued from page 1)
JAMES VOnCKA Jim Yopicka, Illini guard, played a sterling defensive game last night with the Illinois squad which nosed out the Boilermakers 38-37. Yopicka is 6 feet two inches tall and weighs 191 and hails from Berwyn.
All girls who wish to enter the school-wide fencing tournament should plan to attend the compulsory meeting at 4:45 p. m. tonight in the girls’ gym. The tournament schedules will be made up and those not present will not be able to compete in the meet. This will be the last fencing meeting vmtil the first Thursday after registration. —H. BEKO.
Eva Speaker, Sci. ’36, left Lafayette yesterday fpr Indianapolis at which place she 'v^l be employed by the Home Lighting department of the Indianapolis Power and Light Company.
up even with the Illini. At this point Riegel held Downey and the Boilermaker guard swished the free throw to put Purdue in the lead 37-36. The Illini brought the ball up tl^e floor fast and at this point, with only seconds to go. Young fouled Boudreau as he shot wildly from the side of the court. This was Young’s fourth personal and he was replaced by Dickinson before Boudreau shot his two foul attempts. *' Game Decided By Fouls This game was decided by fouls because Purdue outscored Illinois from the field. There were only eight personal fouls called upon the Illini while the Boilermakers committed 16. Purdue made seven fouls out of eight attempts and Illinois scored on ten out of21 tries. Young again led the scoring with a total of 14 points on six field goals and two free throws. Boudteau and Henry, of the Illinois squad ran the Boilermaker sharpshooter a close race, however, by scoring ten and nine points respectively. The game was a last-half tilt, with the Boilermakers playing a heads-up ball game in the first half. Illinois Was outclassed, w^th thescore reaching 23 to 11 in favor of Purdue at the half. Tied For First This game puts the two teams in a tie fot first place in the Big Ten standings as both have won four games and lost one. Ohio State, who was tied-for first place, went into third place as they lost to Indiana last night. Lineup and summary: , Purdue (37) B. F. P. Young, f 6 2 4 Anderson, f 3 0 2 Sines, f 2 0 1 Dickinson;| f 0 0 0 Seward, c 1 1 4 Malaska, g 1 0 2 Downey, g 2 4 3 Totals 16 7 16 IlUnois (38) B. F. P. Boudreau, f 4 2 1 Combs, f 3 1 2 Riegel, c 3 .3 4 Swanson, e 1 0 0 Henry, g 3 3 1 Vopicka, g 0 1 0 Nisbet, g 0 0 0
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. RISK I DR. HAROLD J. RISK DB. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Totals :.14 10
8
The thinhinv fellow calla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occaoiona 25e per paaaenarer any part of the city 602S PHONES S»71 YELLOW CAB CO.
DorneFs Flower Shop ‘ Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Kautsky Net learn Wins As Wooden Stars Kessler, Lambert, And Wooden Score 25 Of Team’s Points In Win Johnny Wooden, Bob Kessler, and Red Lambert came back to Lafayette, in a very successful home-com-ing, with the Kautsky net team of Indianapolis to nose out the Peerless five by a 40 to 39 count at the Armory last Sunday. The former Purdue stars scored 26 of their team’s 40 points, Johnny Wooden leading with six field goals and one free throw, but the high scorer of the day Was Leo Crowe of the Peerless five with six field goals and two free throws.
Kappas Lose To Residence Hall Residence Hall Third Floor de feated Kappa Kappa Gamma by a score of 39 to 38, while the Bronx defeated Residence Hall Second Floor, number 2 by a score of 44 to 29 in the semi-finals of the co-ed intramural volleyball tournament. Winners of these games will compete in the finals Tuesday January 19 at 4 o’clock.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
'' , i ^ 5 t mo TBu PURDUE 4 i' .800 Illinois 4 1 JlOO Michigan 8 1’ 'jtSk Minnesota 2 1 * JOO ' Oliio State 2 1 .005 Indiana S 2 400 Northwe^tetn 2 3 400 Wiscdnsin —'1 4 - .200 Iowa 1 4 .200 Chicago 0 4 400
LAST NIGHrS RESULTS
Hlinois, 38; PURDUE, 37. Indiana, 43; Ohio State, 80. Wisconsin, 29; Iowa, 28. Minnesota, 36; Northwestern, 23. Michigan, 35; Chicago, 29.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE exponent
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is ail we do, but we do it weR Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. " Opposite Post OflSM
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic. Gas Hfeaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, dndc locks, night latches and padbdhn. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhanpt & Son Phone 282S Lafayetts, Did.
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
^SERVICE _ _ Office Stallonery. W^eddlns InvIUUoiu
PHONE -
~2 6 2 8 CASSEL*S 4o«rtRRv'
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
A ROOM
m
- offers you or your guests modem ‘comforts in a modem building..Included in each room is a shower, pri*vate telephone, and luxurious bed, along with the newest and most complete furnishings. Make reservations at die Union Desk or by telephone.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Comer of Campm—Comer of "THE ftJBDtJB EXIPONENT
&m AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
Gym Lockers—Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take then with $1 to Cashier's Office in New Administration Building before noon, January 30. 1987 and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewal. Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 30, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—dondition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will he given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 80, 8 to 11 o’clock. —POORMAN. Pistol Team—^No practice until 4 p. m. February 4. Return magazines to supply room at once. —KAY.
R. O. T. C.—^All freshmen report direct to Eliza Fowler Hall at 11 a. m. January 19. No formation in the Armory. —HAYFORD.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you Wish td participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIBR.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls virishing to I participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym before Febru—SHAFFER.
‘1 can’t ALWAYS be wrong—it must be my mother who’s lost this time.”
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES bought, sold, rented and repaired Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebersholf, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
This Week’s Special—Maple Nut and New York. Chamberlin Ice Cream Co. Phone 3024.
For Rent—Room for one or two girls. 331 West Oak street. Phone 36743.
Lost—Log-log deci-trig slide rule
Name on case. Reward. Call Ottenweller, 71792. For Sale—Corona portable typewriter. Call 2114 for Bill between 7 pm. and 8 p. m. Room and Board—At 227 Wood street. Phone 3213.
For Rent —Two-room apartment for two boys, man and wife. 129 Vine street. 7264.
NOTICES No noticM acceptwl after 8 p. m.
Glider Club—Flight schedules are posted in garage. —FARWELL.
Change of Schools—All students drairmg to change schools must file application forms in the Registrar’s office before January 23. —STONE.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Third Floor of Residence Hall vs. Bronx, January 19, at the Womens’ Gymnasium. —THATCHER.
Purdue Engineer—^All freshmen and sophomore members of the editorial staff meet at 4 o’clock January 20 in the office. —BAALS.
Egg and Chick Show—All freshmen, sophomore, and junior ag students interested in working on show committee, meet at the Poultry Buildink, January 19, at 4 p. m. —THIE.
University Choir—No rehearsal January ^ _A P STEWART.
Concert Choir—^Meet at 7 *40 p. m in Fowler Hall January 19. —A. P. STEWART.
The Biggest Hit Vet
Crown's new service on Hat Blocking really made a hit with the students for this reason ... Hats Cleaned and Blocked by Grown are made repellent by a special process—st protection against water spotting. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Three Midland College girls, as a part of an NYA project, have scraped clean the busts of Benjamin Franklin and William Shakespeare, which have stood neglected for many years in the library storeroom.
Drayton R. Boucher, a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives, has registered in the Louisian State University law school because he admits that there is a great deal about law that he does not know.
Vesper Services—^There will be no Vesper Services until the beginning of next semester. —McEACHRON.
O’Neil Is Recovering After Slight Relapse K. E. O’Neil, sophomore assistant oil the Exponent staff, is expected to be released from the Home hospital in three or four days. O’Neil is recovering from an appendicitis operation. He suffered a slight relapse over the week-end.
Exhibits On Display Here Although it’s a little early for Easter Eggs, there will be some genuine hand-decorated ones from old Bohemia on display on the second floor of Building No. Two for the next few weeks, along with many other interesting and educational exhibits such as work done in Freshman Design, Costume Design, and Ad-
vanced Design. Other items of interest include peasant articles from central Europe and embroidery from Poland.
Correction Saturday, January 23 is the final date for, submission of requests for changes of school, and not the final date for getting change of school application blanks, as was incorrectly stated in Saturday’s Exponent. The blanks must be turned in at the registrar’s office.
Egg Show Gets New Plaque For Best Workers Names of the outstanding freshman and sophomore workers helping to put on this year's Purdue Egg and Chick Show will be engraved on the new plaque piu:chased for that purpose, the executive committe of the show announced last night. The award will
be an annual one and the' plaque will hang in the Poultry Building. The Egg and Chick Show, which was held here for the first time 29 years ago, annually attracts hundreds of entries from all over the state and is solely an activity of agricultural student. Cominittees are headed by members of tHe executive staff Who are juniors and seniors, but the membership of the committees consists of freshmen and sophomoTes. The outstanding workers in this group are to be honored by having their names placed on the plaque. Special Meeting A special organization meeting will be held in the Poultry Building next Tuesday evening at 4 o’clock. Any agriculture student interested in working on any phase of the work, exhibits, publicity, or awards, should come to the meeting, as all arrangements for the coming show will be made at that time. Work on some committees will start at once and last through until the time of the show, which will be held at the time of the 4-H club roundup, early in May.
(iV'i/J f.#
'• 1