' -^fl "r ^
Boilermakers Thump Monmouth, 36-26
Purdue Exponent
Z-lg.5
TUESDAY
December 13, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 78
Prom-Gala Week Voting Starts 7:30
Student Voters Will Use Voting Machines For First Time In Any Campus Election Polls open for Prom and Gala Week committee voting in the Union lobby at 7:30 a. m. this morning, and will close at 6 p. m. Voting machines, loaned to Student Senate through the courtesy of Tippecanoe county commissioners, will be used today for the first time in any campus election. Senate officials urge that all eligible students vote early to save confusion later in the day. Passports must be shown to election officials before voting, and will be stamped to check-
mate any would-be “repeaters." Juniors may, vote for Prom committee; seniors for Gala Week. Student Senate will allow no campaigning in the Union building, and only the voter or especially designated Senate members will be allojv^ed
near the voting machine.
For Prom
Progressive Party: Bennie Burns, Bill Dunshee, Lloyd Farquhar, Vincent Hruby, Margaret Mitchell, Ralph Reiley, and Frank Schleicher. Boilermaker Party: Paul Coopei’j Wayne Hearner, Jim Hebbeler, Aflen Shackleton, Louise Schickler, Jack Swinney, and Jim Williamson. Unafiiliated: Julius Singer. For Gala Week Progressive Party: Ralph Maby, Stubby Meier, Verle Farrow, Dale Schinbeckler, Martha Baker, and
Fred Baase.
Boilermaker Party: R. R. Hannas, Eleanor Turner, Herbert Royer, Milton Reeves, Anthony Ippolito, [and Dale Hutt. * After entering the curtained voting machine the voter may request help from election officials, if necessary, to help him vote. Voting machines will be set at zero in the presence of representatives from each party before the polls open.
Not Linear
Due to mechanical reasons the parties and individual candidates will not be listed in one line as previously announced. There will be two separate lines for each one of the party tickets and one for the Prom independent, arranged alphabetically by party from top to bottom and by name from left to right. H. F. Fishburn, Senate chairman of elections committee, said last night, “We are asking everyone to cooperate with the Senate in carrying out this election. We realize that the method of voting by machine is new, but studying the directions for voting will make the procedure clear.
Levers
Swing,
Ward Association I Plans Trade Dinners For Independents PIA ward association is organizing trade dinners for all independent houses on the campus, according to R. R. Shellhamer, ChE ’39, who is in charge of arrangements, arrangements. Wards one and 11 have already exchanges between four houses. Lockout co-ed house and Marwood house have trade dinners scheduled for Thursday, and Hub house and Coedda will exchange some time next week. Shellhorn stated, “If independent students are interested, it will be possible to set dates for theN exchange dinners every two weeks.” Wards 1 and 11 will sponsor a tea dance for all_members of independent houses in these wards sometime before Christmas vacation. Dan Denuyl... y . . of the University forestry de/partment will i^resent a paper entitled “Farm Forestry in Indiana” at the annual meeting of the Society of American Foresters, which will be held this week, starting tomorrow at Columbus, 0.
Travel Log-Book Will Appear On Union Desk Today Resulting from recent campus demand for a travel bureau, a travel log-book will appear on the main Union desk today. In this book both students seeking rides home and students with cars seeking riders
may register.
First half of the book will be devoted to students who seek rides. A full page of instructions for use of the book may be found on the
first page.
Students with cars will list their name, address, telephone number, destination, time of departure, and year and make of car.
4'
Students seeking rides will list name, address, telephone number, most favorable time of departure, destination, and price they are willing to pay (optional). Senior Qualification Bianks Offered By Exponent And Debris Exponent and Debris, cooperating with the University personnel department, s^ent letters yesterday to seniors offering to print qualification blanks for employment letters. Due to a misunderstanding, the letters were mailed before the sample copies could be obtained and it was not clear just what the printed blanks will look like. According to Debris Business Manager Boyette Edwards, the new blanks will be standard letter size and will contain pertinent ihformation about the individual senior, printed in outline form. It will not be necessary for each senior to obtain pictures to paste on the forms. Debris has arranged to have engravings made so that the pictures will be printed along with the rest of the material. Pictures used for the blanks will be standard Debris senior photos and will be somewhat larger than those in the yearbook. The price of $3.00 will cover 100 of these blanks neatly printed on heavy white paper and complete with the printed senior pictures. ' In addition to information asked for on the mimeographed blanks which each senior received, other material may be included on the printed sheet if its is typewritten on a separate sheet of paper and sent in to the Debris office with the order. These orders should be in as soon as possible for prompt delivery. Employers will begin coming to the campus after Christmas vacation, and these blanks will be useful in writing follow-up letters after interviews or in writing employers who do not visit the campus.
# 1
m
- -V . . . —
Z
I
f -g.
+l+Hi+f+i+i+i,
S'
•OD
e 1 -ir
J
... in curtained voting machines today, as juniors and seniors select Prom and Gala Week committees.
Directions For Voting
1. Pull the lever No. 1 in illustration at the top of the machine to the right as far as it will go, and leave it there. 2. Poll the party lever (No. 2 or No. 5 in illustration) opposite the name of your party over to the right until the bell rings, and then let it go back. This will turn down to voting position the pointers of all the candidates in your party. 3. To vote a straight ticket: Leave the pointers as they are (down in voting position) and pull back curtain lever (No. 1 in illustration) at top to the left. This opens curtain and records vote. 4. To vote a split ticket: Turn back (up) the pointer from over the name or names of the candidate or candidates you wish to cut out. Then turn down a pointer over the name or names of the candidate or candidates you wish to vote for in the other party, or the unaffiliated candidate. After you have completely arranged your split ticket, move the curtain lever (No. 1 in illustration) to the left just as in voting a straight ticket. Following these directions, it is possible to vote for from one to seven candidates in any of the parties. When seven pointers are down no more may be moved into voting position. In the illustration, number 3 shows a pointer turned down, in voting position. Number 4 represents a candidate who has been scratched from the top party. Number 6 shows a lever Which has been turned down in the Other party, recording a vote for this one person. Any set-up may be used, but only seven votes may be cast.
Senate Anticipates Record Attendance At Convention Eighty-five student senators from colleges all over the country have already registered for the 14th annual National Student Federation of America convention, which opens here on December 27 and continues through December 31. Convention chairman Bob Schumacher looks forward to the largest senate conclave yet held, and said yesterday, “My goal is 200 registered. That will be 75 better than the convention last year at the University of New Mexico." Notables Scheduled "
Speakers will include Aubrey Williams, director of NYA; Dr. Donald J. Cowling, president of Carleton College; Dr. Stephen Duggan, director pf the Institute of International Education; Dr. Homer P. Raney, director of the American Youth Commission; Dr. Frank P. Graham, North Carolina University president, and Commissioner, John W. Studebaker, of the United States
Office of Education.
“Student Leadership in Community Life” will be the theme of the five-day congress. Two dances and a banquet are scheduled for the delegates. Other details of the program will be drawn up by the local
program committee.
One of the outstanding features of the congress will be a panel discussion of the Washington Confex’enence on student government entitled “The Role of the Student Leader in the College Community.” Charles Stewart of American University, Washington, D. C., will lead
the discussion.
Attending delegates will be housed in local fraternities and sororities.
Midwestern Delegates To Open Independent Conclave Here Friday Delegates from independent associations of leading midwestei'n colleges will gather here Friday for the first Midwest Independent Conclave. Purpose of the gathering is to discuss common organization and
administrative problems.
Registration will start in the morning in the Union PIA office. A program is planned which will extend through Saturday afternoon.
R. C. Gowdy...
. . . zone vice-president of the American Society of Civil Engineers and chief engineer of the Colorado and Southern Railroad, will speak to the local chapter of the ASCE tonight at 7 o’clock in room 201 of the Civil Building. He will speak on
“The Civil Engineer.”
Riveters Start Slow In Season's Initial Tilt; Sophomores Take Over Battle In Second Half By Robert J. Deckard Boilermaker net men, under the generalship of Captain Gene Anderson, topped a highly touted Monmouth College quintet by a score of 36 to 26 last night in the Fieldhouse before 5,000 basketball addicts, thrilled by the local opener of the current basketball season. Following Monmouth’s two whiifs through the draperies in the first two minutes of play, Anderson’s bucket and Butt’s two charity tosses, Dickinson dropped the leather through the net from the foul line. After the Machinists had taken the 5-4 lead, the Monmouth organization failed to regain the lead. Slow to “get in gear,” the Riveter machine moved into action after feeling out the visitors and microscopically drew away from their opponents with fast breaks and set plays. Andy Paces Team lAiBaiALlI Anderson tallied four times interUvyH I Ollvlf JvWvtl mittently through the first half to lead the hosts who piled up a 20 to T/b Ai A lAAC mark. ■ 0 JOCmK i\l Starting the second half with a * quintet composed of Anderson, IgYeager and Herschelwllyplvr i^VvIlOP man, the Lambertmen unleashed a ■ ^ polished attack that garnered 12 Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter points in nine minutes, and William E. Jewell will speak Sophomore Igney, a potential at a meeting of the American In- Jewel Young because of his eccenstitute of Mining and Metallurgical ball-handling, turned in a classy t:. . 4. • 1.0. 4. rr on • J., minutcs of ball handling and Engineers tonight at 7:30 in the , - . , j • o.,. i f, _ defensive work during the last half. Union faculty lounge. Jewell is sup- Fred Beretta did two consecutive erintendent of Inland Steel Com- drapery hanging acts in the middle pany’s merchant mill at East Chi- fbe second half. cago ,and chairman ot the Chicago Sophs Show Well AIME section. Making their first appearance in . ^ . 1 ,, .4, a Purdue lineup, Boilenmaker SophAt tonight s meeting rules for a „ y xr t A TTi/r^ • I 0. 0. omores Igney, Hershleman, Lorenz, new AIME prize contest, open to „ o. j irr-o. -l. j, j o.,. ^ .1, , Swartz and Witsman handled the student associates, will be announ- • o, . , - , . leather with the experience of vetoed. Prizes will be awarded for best „„„ j+1,.. v. n -ii. i i -j ^ , erans, passed the ball with kaleidopapers on subjects m the metal- ^ lurgical field. to set plays. E. K. Lown, local chapter presi- Monmouth outfit played a consistdent, recently received word from ent ball game, incessantly interceptNew York City that the AIME jng the Riveter passes, and adding board of directors had approved to their score outside the foul cirPurdue s new chapter. Top-scorers for last year’s Midwest Conference champs were Ciftil Moody, with seven points, and JOiI tAP^I is I Olilly Plunkett with five. Individual honors for the hosts were Anderson, thirteen points, and Beretta N0W UfQinilitiOIlP with seven.
Statistics:
Hold First Election ™ ^ At a meeting held last Saturday ^ - ® ® night, approximately 60 representa- „ tives of the Agricultural Experi- j f ^ n n ment Station, and Department of - Agricultural Extension, Soil Con- f o o servation Service, and other state . , ’ „ ... J -J J 4. 4J J Anderson, c 6 1 organizations, decided to found a n n i new society that “shall be to foster ■nifWnsrfn cr n i all phases of soil work, and the ap- ^ ^ j plication of soils information in re- tt„ „ » Led fields.- This new organisa- n n tion will be known as “The Soils ’ Science Society of Indiana.” Totals 13 10 The group adopted a constitution MONMOUTH FG FT and elected the following officers: Rolnn f 12 Dr. G. D. Scarseth, Purdue, presi- pinnVpft f 9 1 dent; W. L. Baynes, Soil Conserva- Thomsom, f 0 tion Service, vice-president; and H., ManuPTi p on P. Ulrich, Purdue, secretary and n I treasurer. An advisory board will MnnHv o- 99 be appointed later. I Dr. J. B. Peterson, Iowa State Shank, g 1 1 College, principal speaker at this Williams, g 1 1 meeting, which was presided over Wilson, g 0 0 hy Tom Bushnell, University soils — — specialist, addressed the group on Totals 9 8 “Micro Pedology.” Although 34 per- Referee, Glen Adams, Columbus; sons enrolled, the officers agreed to Umpire, Carl Brut, North Mancheshold the charter memberships open ter. for a few weeks in order to accom“S meSr ActWHies Bureau First Orchestra Recital Completes Campus Heard By Audience Of 400 Activities Chart , Activities Bureau has completed *iis recital of the season by the ^jg project of the year, the conceit orchestra was presented activities chart. This chart covers un ay afternoon in the Union ball- io3 activities on the campus, the room before an audience of 400. In purpose of the organizations, addition to orchestration, the mixed the person who can be contacted, program included numbers by a ma- These charts are now being distribrimba quartet. ^ted by the Activities Bureau to Organized in 1936, the orchestra freshmen, sophomores, and junhas grown from 20 pieces to its present size of 60 members, 16 of . inconvenience of dewhom are co-eds. The organization ^^4 expense of mailing, aU is financed by donations. Most of students living in Lafayette and the instruments are furnished by routes are requested to call students themselves. their charts in room P of the Union Building. All charts must he No definite date has b^en set for called for before Christmas vacathe next concert, which will be tion between 2 and 5:30 p. m. Pass* sometime next semester. port is required.
'1m
t' .;l‘'
» :
^dibfaat
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^iedtuhsiA.
Tuesday^ December 13# 1938
Student Opinion... . . . on subjects of national interest has never before been accurately sampled and compiled ... but starting today the Exponent will begin publishing weekly reports of a nationwide organization that has begun to do just that. Following the footsteps of George Gallup, who established the American Institute of Public Opinion, this group will have competent interviewers making weekly surveys according to scientific principles of sampling and proportioning worked out by the United States office of Education. Central offices of this organization which will be known as “Student Opinion Surveys of America” are in Austin, Texas, and the project is sponsored by Texas Student Publications, Inc., publishers of the Daily Texan. The Exponent is a member of a nation-wide group of college, newspapers which will take the responsibility for sampling^ opinion through interviews of representative numbers of students. Today we are printing the tabulated results of a survey taken last week on the subject of Jewish refugees. The results we publish are national opinions, however, and may not coincide with opinion on this campus. Later in the year we will institute similar surveys just to apply to Purdue. These can then be compared to the national results. These surveys represent something entirely new. The people of the University of Texas who are pioneering the project deserve a lot of credit for their initiative in developing this program. It will take a tremendous amount of detail work in tabulation and proportioning. It will not be a remunerative undertaking because the charges to member papers are very nominal. Yet it should certainly render a definite service to all the member papers in interpreting and compiling accurately the true feelings of America’s students on questions which are of intense interest to all America.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as' second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate df postage Ijrovided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published, daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by cainrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKe« Associate Editors — Joy Johnson, Geprgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager .........R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. X. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager.... E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager... W. F. Berg Sales Manager....... —V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager ...H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director - .-. D. J. Henninger SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, - R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESBNTED TOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N.Y. CHiCASO • Boston • Los Arseles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, _and_ published by undergraduate students .of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opin- . ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Issue Editor, Ahlf Night Editor, Insley Tuesday, December 13, 1938
FIRST REPORT OF THE STUDENT OPINION SURVEYS OF AMERICA By JOE BELDEN, Editor Student Opinion Surveys ,of America Copyright, 1938 AUSTIN, TEXAS, Dec. 13—Jewish refugees from Central Europe should not be allowed to come into the United States in great numbers, a large majority of the college youth of this country believes, the first national poll of the Student Opinion Surveys of America reveals. In slightly more than a month Germany has turned its Jews into a world problem; one that may have to be faced by leaders of tomorrow—college men and women of today. Should the United States offer a haven to the persecuted Jews ? Although many think some should be admitted if other nations cooperate, seven out of ten are opposed to opening wide the doors of Ellis Island. These figures are the first announced by the new Student Opinion Surveys, organized with the Exponent as one of the cooperating members among college newspapers over the nation. The Surveys, a non-commercial organization of campus editors, will publish weekly reports based on national referenda similar to those of other polls that recently have been proved highly reliable. The Surveys are intended to
..J4ini and ^Jder
By Georgann Schilling
Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma Chi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Sigma Nu fraternities have already announced plans for formal Christmas dances this coming Saturday night. That sounds like things should really be swinging in these here parts. Sigma Alpha Mu and Theta Tau are having radio dances on the same night. —H-H— Well, today is the day long awaited by all good politicians and their stooges. After the rallies held in the Union Friday night, we can hardly be surprised at anything that might happen today. The Boilermakers gave fitting rewards for pledging to their party and had a killer-diller barker telling of the party’s merits while the Progressives came forth with a reasonably exact facsimile of what we’ve al-
ways imagined a bar room was like back in the old days. The bowery costumes and general atmosphere made the whole scene very realistic and quite impressive. —H-H— All kinds of bouquets to the Debris staff for the smooth manner in which they conducted their beauty contest. Both from in front of and behind the scenes, everything seemed to run very calmly. And orchids to the four new queens! A glance at these girls will show you that the judges were quite capable of doing the selecting. You’ll be hearing lots more about these new queens this year. —H-H— “Only eight more days until vacation,” runs the favorite sentence of many eager kiddies today! Maybe you’d better start resting up now. After all, it will probably be a strenuous two weeks at best. But maybe yoh find life around here difficult, too. It’s really not the studying that’s so tough we’ve decided, but those darn double features that make things complex!
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS TONIGHT, 7:00 p. m. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 15, 7:00 p. m. No lessons during Vacation Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th &Ferr,
YES, We Hove Them The NEW SHEAFFER FINEUNE PENCIL WRITES ONE-HALF AS HEAVY PENCIL TWELVE LEADS—THREE ERASERS 95c RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW
and
VWth Regtndd CardfaMT RayNoUe , ConstaaM CofflaT Montagu low Usty Watson
MAYNARD _ with th« Wondiir Hor» 'TARZ^ dUNIOR COGHLAN AND aov scout TROOP 107, OP HOLLYWOOD j^^WoWdJY|de^lcture also ‘FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS” SERIAL
add a “fourth dimension” to the college press by reporting scientifically national student thought. Campus interviewers have approached students of every description, rich and poor, freshmen and seniors, in big schools like Columbm in New York and California at Lbs Angeles .and in smaller schools like Luther in Iowa and Schreiner in Texas. They have asked, “Should the United States offer a haven in this country for Jewish refugees froin Central Europe?” i YES, said 1..........31.2 per cent No, said .....68.8 per cent But it was clear from the coast-to-coast returns that students as a whole would like to see the United States help oppressed German minorities in some way, some suggesting the offering of homes in U. S. possessions. “No country should turn away people who bring so much with them,” said an Illinois senior. “But where would we put them?” asked a University of Minnesota sophomore. Others definitely believed none should be allowed admittance. Noticeable was the qualification, “If other nations help also.” American Jewish students, congregated in the East Central states, it appears raised the “yes” answers in that particular section of the country, where 39.1 per cent were in favor. In the New England group 35.8 were affirmative; Middle Atlantic 30.1; .West Central 30.7; Southern 29.5; Par Western 23.2. Awareness of the problem and distribution of the population along racial lines are pointed out by these sectional figures.
Today is the big day for the politicians. Everyone will have his mask of good behavior on. One can see now where the national handshakers come from. —B-B— Fellows, it’s coming at last.. Coeds have started smoking pipes around this here campus. Thetas have a Well organized club. Loyal members include such cuties as RUTH OSBORNE, BETTY ELSTUN, MARG POOR, and BARBARA RODERICK. Well, men, what have we now that the girls cannot copy us on for a while ? At least they can’t grow beards—or can they? —B-B— Last Saturday night two young gentlemen sat through the eliminations in the BEAUTY CONTEST. Then their heart’s desires appeared, at which time they clapped ardently. The two typical Purdue co-eds were eliminated in the qualifications. At this time the two gentlemen got up, glared at the judges, and stomped out of the ballroom. It would not have been so obvious if they had been in the back, but BILL ASH and GEORGE CLAYPOOL were sitting in the activities SHOT section. —B-B— We have had a beauty contest but PETER is not satisfied with mere beauty. HE HEREBY STARTS HIS OWN PRIVATE BEAUTY CONTEST IN WHICH PERSONALITY AS WELL AS BEAUTY OF FACE AND FIGURE COUNT. ON THE BLANK BELOW PLEASE PLACE YOUR SELECTION OP KING AND QUEEN OF PERSONALITY OF PURDUE’S CAMPUS AND PLACE IN THE EXPONENT BOX, WEST DESK OF THE UNION. PUT YOUR NAME ON YOUR BALLOT OR IT WILL NOT BE COUNTED. KING : QUEEN : (Your name)
Tomorrow we hope to run our first biography of a campus personality. Watch for it!
LUHA TODAY—WEDNESDAY 2 SWELL PICTURES
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lid#
“I suppose you’d rather I’d let that truck-driver intimidate me!’
Let’s hope the Kappas and Thetas got their super-sucks in with the faculty Sunday. If their refreshments were good, that probably helped. There always has to be some prize crack or break of the day so one of the Thetas asked the Alpha Chi housemother if she lived around here. —B-B— One of the heads of the sweet shop gang is SAE DAVE HARTMAN, Who is always on hand very neatly dressed. Wonder who the girl or girls ' are that he. is after. Looks pretty eligible, co-eds.
DON’T WORRY IP YOUR JOB IS SMALL A^^D YOUR REWARDS ARE FEW; REMEMBER THAT THE MIGHTY OAK WAS ONCE A NUT LIKE YOU! PHEW ....
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
ioiirid Colmon
Today—omorrow
THE mmk of a “SIWART GilY”
— Also — ‘SILLY SYMPHONY”
A FIRST-RUN HIT
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC' Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• printing
• Locksmith
Sn'^INTING. ■ipF Office SUUoneiy . o O I Wr<ddlns Invilation* * Salai Books, Elc.c<. =i PHONE 2628 CASSEL'S 408lrERRy
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for. trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac•essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Dine
• Professional
FRANK'S PLACE If You Like Good Home Made Chili Stop at Frank's. We Never Close 111 Vine Street West Lafayette
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965(-<,i f I'’ ^^'''*’ i ^ ' ' '■’ {
t
Tuesday/ December 13, 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp^tfiiA.
EXPONENT
Athletic Department Formulates Ice Skating Rink Plans
To Build Project On Stewart Field For Intramural Skating
Detroit Netmen Will Oppose Riveters In Tomorrow's Contest
Rifle Enthusiasts Organize New Club
Detroit Pivot Man
Having already set a new one-game scoring record by virtue of their 65 to 16 victory over St. Mary’s of Orchard Lake in the opening game of the season, the University of Detroit net team will focus its shooting eye on the Boilermakers’ baskets in Lafayette, Ind,, Wednesday night. With the first team playing only 21 minutes of the opening game, the Titans looked similar to the team they were last year while establishing a new winning record at the University with 16 victories out of 21 games. However, Coach Brazel feels that the St. Mary’s team can be no criterion of Detroit’s full strength this season as the visitors were a much smaller and less experienced aggregation. Titan Coach Pessimistic “Friday’s victory will do us no good,” said the Titan coach after the game,” it is little more than a scrimmage. With Purdue booked for Wednesday night, I feel certain that a closer game would have aided us much more than a 49-point victory.” Brazel used his entire squad of 12 nihn against St. Mary’s in the initial game of the season and everyone of them managed to score at least one field goal. The team will leave Detroit late Tuesday afternoon and arrive in La-
Purdue Rifle Club, a new organization for men interested in riflery, has been formed for the purpose of promoting a Uhiversity rifle team which will compete in inter-collegiate matches. The club will also furnish instruction for those who do not know the funda-
mentals of riflery. \
Gordon Fairbanks, Mub president, urges all men inter^ted in joining the club to attemlrhe meeting on Tuesday evening at 7:30 in room
104 of the Fieldhouse.
President-Elect Kraus Addresses AChS Today Dr. C. A. Kraus, president-elect of the American Chemical Society, will speak at a meeting of the Purdue AChS section in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. His address will be titled, “The Influence of Constitutional Factors on the
Properties of Electrolytes.”
Preceeding the meeting, members of Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary, will join with the society in honoring Dr. Kr^us at a banquet in the Union at 6 p. m.
fayette early Wednesday morning. The squad will include centers. Bob Caliban and John Gedda; guards, Charles Buchholz, Frank O’Donnell, John Palencsar and Paul Talberg; forwards Frank Dulapa, Emery Alex, Jean Hoff, Nick Pegan, Jack Piana and Charles Talbot.
Hamilton To Speak At Training School
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For Bnsiness or Pleasure . . . REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
Phone 6455
314 N. Fourth
TRIPLE XXX FRUIT MARKET NON-SHATTER XMAS TREES ^ NOW IN! ANY SIZE 2 FT. UP » * Delicious ^Apples 6 lbs*,for 25e Jonathan Apples 7 lbs. for 25c Florida Oranges 2 do*, for 35c Pecans (Georgia) Lb. 19c New Crop Navel Oranges Do*. 25e BRITT BROS.
f
ielder’s... ... choice
By Bruce Witwer After the first half was over we were thinking how nice to would be to start out this story with the “point-a-minute” angle, something different, you understand, as the score was 20-12 . . . the team let us down the second half though and only made 16 points - . . we can still tag them as the 9-10 of a point a minute squad though. —fc— Purdue came out on top because they tried more shots than the Monmouth boys, the precentages made by both squads were practically the same . . . Purdue tried 63 shots and
Don't Let This Happen to You! When the mornin9's cold and you don't feel like pampering your car— ride a street car. It is certainly a time saver and the most economical way to ride. Fare 5c with free transfers.
LAFAYETTE
STREET
RAILWAY, Inc
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Ski^ J. SPERB 822 Main
Margaret Hamilton will be the speaker at the WSGA sophomore training school this afternoon at four o’clock in room C of the Union. Her talk is to be on judicial boards. The second group of the sophomore training school will meet on
Thursday as usual.
A Party...
As a sophomore last year. Bob “Dusty” Caliban held Boilermaker center Anderson, scoreless. He himself was high point man for the Titans with eight points. Bob scored 196 poinfs for Detroit last season in 17 games, to set a new scoring record for the University of Detroit. He is being hailed adready as the country’s No. 1 center. Against All-Amer-ican Paul Novak of Notre Dame last year “Dusty” scored 10 points and caused the Irish ace to foul himself out of the game after scoring seven points.
. . . for sixteen underprivileged children will be given by the Roger Williams Club at the West Lafayette Baptist Church, Thursday evening at 6:30 p. m. The program will consist of “The Story of The Christ Child,” games, refreshments, and a presentation of gifts.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—F A Smithson. 7 00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Chi 7 15—Kappa Sigma vs Acacia. 8 .25—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Beta Theta Pi. 8 40—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 2—F G. Witsman. 7 "00—Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Tau. 7 .15—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi 8 25—Sigma Pi vs Phi Pi Phi. 8 40—Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Alpha Court 3—J. Kurtz. 7 -00—Sigma Chi vs Phi Gamma Delta. 7 .15—Phi Kappa vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 8 26—Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon Court 4—R W. Berry. 7 -00—Ward 7X vs. Ward 9 7 16—Caiy Hall 4 vs. Caiy Hall 7. 8 :26—Caiy Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 8 SQUASH Today Courts 1, 2 and 3. 7.00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Gamma Eho. « 7:46—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau 8 :30—Theta Chi vs Sigma Nu. 9 ;16—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Triangle.
Tentative plans for an ice skating rink on Stuart Field are being formulated by the University physical education staff with possible utilization of the rink following Christmas holidays, according to Robert Woodworth, acting athletic director. “Plans for the project may not be completed during or immediately following the 'holidays because of poor weather for ice skating,” Woodworth said last night. “But we will try to have the rink in condition by the first part of the second semester.” Ice Skating Events The rink will be approximately the size of the football field with a small house erected in which students may exchange street shoes for ice skates. A 'small stove and benches will be placed in the house for use. Lighting facilities for skating at night on the field will be woiked out, Woodworth said. y / M. L. Clevett, intramural director, announced last night that fraternity and ward ice skating events will be held on the nnk if weather permits freezing. Funds for the project are being raised through the University and an allotment from Public Works Administration recreational groups may be obtained by Purdue officials.
hit 20 per cent of them . . . the Red and Blue managed to sink 18 per cent of their 51 efforts . . . Purdue made 10 out of 13 free throws as Monmouth tried 14 and made 8 . . . the Boilei’maker edge gave them the game. —^fc— It looked pretty bad at the first of the game ... Monmouth made the first shot tried . . . then for five minutes neither team could hit the hoop . . . Purdue making 10 vain attempts, then finally crashing through on the eleventh to tie at 2-2 . . . there were quite a number of bad passes that first half, and a loose defense . . . the second half found these deficiencies answered and at times the team pulled off some fancy plays which would do credit to any squad . . . they were an improved quintet from the var-sity-freshman game . . , there’s room for more improvement however. —^fc— The Boilermaker fans have been spoiled by too many good teams for the past few years . . . this year’s may not look quite the equal, but give them time . . . voices from the stands chanted a plea for points “we want 40” . . . quite different from last year’s “we want 60” and “we want 60” which usually rose when the game neared the closing minutes. —^fc— Purdue’s improved defense in the second half was seen in the opening minutes when Anderson stayed down near the Riveter basket for a set-up shot and the Monmouth boys had a tough time doing anything with the four Boilermakers remaining as guards . . . five sophomores saw their first varsity action and proved that they have the goods to make outstanding future Purdue teams . . . Igney taking group honors with six points . . . now for Detroit tomorrow night.
• VOTE • BOILERMAKER! I
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL Three 8 x 10 Photographs $S.OO Make Your Appointment Now Hinea’s 634 Main Street Phone 7775
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus ore not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd St.
Phone 5372
CHRISTMAS-VACATION SPECIAL TRAIN Christmas vacation doesn’t last forever. Vacation will begin earlier if you travel the Wabash-Pennsylvania Railroad Route. Special train and special rates for eastern cities. Leave Lafayette, Wabash Station, 4:45 p. m., CST, Dec. 21. Arr. Ft. Wayne 7:15 p. m., CST, Dec. 21. Arr. Pittsburgh 1:15 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. Harrisburg 7:30 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. Philadelphia 9:45 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. Newark 11:35 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. New York 11:55 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. For Information Call Ticket Office: Telephone 7755. WABASH
"'Hirw
\ %:
3boad. (Ml,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^MIcoa .
r
Tuesday, Decdmber 13, 1938
H.B. Tirtth, Kodak Representative, Commends Exhibit
Personnel Notes
Party Profits To Aid Scholarship Fund
H. B. Tuttle, representative of the Eastman Kodak Company, complimented members of the Camera club on their prints which v ere on exhibition recently Tuttle visited the exhibit last Thursday evening, and expressed his opinion that the local exhibit would rate high with those of other camera clubs. He also expressed the view that these exhibits are very beneficial in that they arouse new enthusiasm in the clubs. There vill be a meeting of the Camel a club this evening at 7:30 in the tower room of the Union. Piizes will be awarded for the winning punts at this time, and the judges will ciiticize the prints as they are returned.
Bishop Brown, director of research in the bureau of retail training, University of Pittsburgh, is visiting the campus today.
He is interviewing all seniors who are interested in graduate work in retail merchandising. Any seniors who wish to talk to Brown should telephone or visit the Personnel office immediately, and arrange for an interview.
Profits, amounting to $10, of the benefit bridge party sponsored by Alpha Laipbda Delta, fi’eshman coed honorary scholastic society, will be added to the sophomore scholarship fund, according to Joyce Burnham, piesident of the organization.
Newman, Buth, McClintock, Stephens. —SQURES.
Tnton Club: Regulai swim Tuesday, December 13, at 7:80 p m. in the women’s pool. —JORGESON.
day will shoot Thursday, Dedembor IB, iPdrmer schedules will be lesumed alter this week. —SMI't'lI,
American Society of Civil Engineers: There will be a meeting Tuesday, December 13, at 7 p m in room 201 of the Civil building B C Gowdy, zone vice-president of the AChS, will be the speaker —STEPATH
Union Workers: Will our committees and any other available workers please report to the workshop Tuesday, December 13, at 4 p. m —ASHTON, MORRSON
Varsity Pistol: TryoUts for varsity pistol team will be held on Wednesday, December 14, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —HOLMES.
AIME: Meeting in faculty lounge Tuesday, December 13, 7 30 p m —PEIRCE.
WSGA Executive Board: Meet at 7:45 p m Tuesday, Decembei 18, in WSGA office instead of Wednesday on account of basketball game. —LEAMNG
Chemistry 1 and 2 Students: Examinations for the removal of 0 grades will be held Saturday, January 14, from 1 to 4 p. m. Applications must be made before January 12, in room 103 of the Chemtstlcy Laboratory Annex. Pees must be l?ald before examinations are taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Thirty-eight co-eds attended the bridge paity which was held Saturday afternoon, in the faculty lounge of the Union.
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 4 30 p m Wednesday, December 14 Business meeting followed by supper at 6:46 p m —NELSON
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Thursday, December 16, at 7 p. m in room F of the Union Officers to be nominated and air meet results to be announced. —GHEVEDDEN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 13, in room C of the Union at 7 :80 p. m. —MACK,
Brown will be glad to explain the nature of the graduate school in operation at the University of Pittsburgh and the cooperative system by which students are able to earn a portion of their expenses and gam experience in retail marketing, while in school.
WB A A Programs
WAA: Tumbling, first piactice Tuesday, December 13, at 4 p m All newcomers welcome —COOK
Green Potters Ask
Frosh Cooperation
-TODAY—
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:30 p m Bring your passports or schedule card All charts must be called foi before Wednesday, December 21 —SMITH
WAA Riflery: Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on Wednesday and Thursday will shoot on Thursday, December 16 Come at usual time Former schedule will be resumed after this week —SMITH.
WSGA House FresidentA* Council: Meeting Tuesday, Deodmber 13) tpom B Of the Union at 4 jp. m All members are requested to be present. —JAKES.
Student Senate: Senate meeting Tuesday, December 13, room A, 7 30 p m All senators, not already contacted, be sure to see a membei of the election committee at the polls foi possible election day service from 7 30 a. m to 6 00 p. m —ELLIOTT.
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m —NEWMAN.
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, December 13, at 7 :30 p. m at the D. U. house. —ANDERSON.
Green Potteis inaugurated their yearly athletic boosting activities by issuing a call yesteiday for all freshmen men to attend the Detroit game tomoiiow night in the Fieldhouse All fieshmen aie urged to meet in a body to cany out organized yelling under Dick DeGaimo, Gieen Pottei piexy. DeGaimo also announces that the Green Potter committees have been named and that tentative plans aie being discussed for activities to be carried out next semester. These committees and plans are to be announced at a later date
Sororities and wards participating in WAA volleyball tournament will play their first games according to the following sechedule.
The lesouices of Columbia University and its affiliated institutions aie now estimated at $158,868,638. Its budget foi the last fiscal year was $15,756,444
Today at 4 p. m., Pedalion vs. Pi Phi; Theta vs. Thaeles; Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi Delta. At 4:30, Chi Omega vs. Ward 4, WRH South vs. Theta, WRH North vs Pedalion. Tomorrow at 4 p. m , Waid 4 vs. Kappa; Thaeles vs. Ward 2, WRH North vs. Alpha Xi Delta. At 4:30, Kappa vs. Ward 1, Ward 3 vs. Pi Phi; Theta vs. Ward 2, Finals of the league competition will be played on Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock Instructed piactices of badminton are being held at 4 o’clock each Monday and Friday afternoon. The practices are leading up to the allcampus tournament which will be held after Christmas.
The Dentist Says Social Security The Home Makers—Dean Mary L Matthews •Purdue News Flashes. -Noon Melodies ■Sports Review—Dick Shively -Luncheon Dance Time •Songs and Melodies ■Monitoi Views the News -Blectiical Shops -Good Language—Prof Otto Greiner. -Market Reports •Afternoon Musicale -Maiy Louise Switzer—pianist -You and Your Child •Treasure Chest—Mildied Templin ■Rhythm Review -Magic Carpet -Joe Rittenhoiise—soft music Heialds of Destiny Stinson Biothers—trio ■Town Forum—Prof Chas Murphy •Stoiy Book Houi
Purdue Engineer: The following men will repoit to Harris in the Engineer office at 4pm Tuesday, December 13. Wazenberg, Stevenson, Day, Johnson, Martmek, Lawler,
Riflery: Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on Monday and Tuesday will shoot Tuesday, December 13. Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on Wednesday and Thurs-
ASME Members: Meeting in the tower room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. December 15. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies C F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
TUTORING in physics, mathematics, applied mechanics during the holidays, for Chicago residents Mr Stevens, li218 S Church Phone Cedaiciest 6914
Have Your HAT CLEANED by Crown BEFORE CHRISTMAS
Don't take a chance with Santa, he may not bring you
a new one,—wear a clean hat on Christmas.
M hmmm
FINE C L E AN ENS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
All through the year and all around the clock Chesterfield's milder better taste gives millions MORE PLEASURE
At Christmas time send these plea-sure-giving cartons of Chesterfields— packaged in gay holiday colors—welcomed by smokers everywhere.
... the blend that can't be copied .. .a HAPPY COMBINATION of the world's best cigaretie tobaccos
You ll find Chesterfields a better ciga* rette because of what they give you—more smoking pleasure than any cigarette you ever tried~the right combination of mild ripe home-grown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos rolled in pure cigarette paper.
Corjnght 1938, I icci-rr A Myeks Tobacco Co
m