''' ' f
*“ \l“ y'' ’> '
n
List Student Draft Registration Places University officials yesterday released final instructions for students who are to register for military service under the Selective Service Act. Wednesday, October 16, will not be a University holiday. All students in the age groups affected are to register on campus at the places listed below. They need not go home to register. University officials emphasized. In accordance with an Act ofCongress, known as the Selective Training and Service Act ^1940, to provide for common defense by increasing the personnel of the armed forces of the United States and to provide for the necessary training, M. Clifford Townsend, Governor of the State of Indiana, on September 25, proclaimed Wednesday, October 16, 1940, as Registration Day, and called on all male citizens between the ages of 21 and 35 years inclusi\4, to present themselves for registration at the proper registration places to be established in each voting precincl of the state. Persons Required To Register By the Act: “Except as othdrwise provided in this Act, it shall be the duty of every male citizen of too United States, and of every male aliqpi residing in the United States, who, on the day or days fixed for the first or any subsequent registration, iafbetween the ages of twenty-one and thirty-six, to present himself for and submit to registration at such time or times and place or places, and in such manner and in such age group or groups, as shall be determined by rules and regulations prescribed hereunder.” Governor Townsend has approved the following plan for the registration of students in the 21-36 age group—undergraduate, special, and graduate students, including graduate assistants and fellows—at the r’egistration places located on the campus indicated below: Agriculture students—Room 207 in Agricultural Hall. Chemical and metallurgical engineering students—Room 117 in the Chemical Metallurgical Engineering Building. Civil engineering students—Room 202 in the Civil Engineering Building. Electrical engineering students—Room 254 in the Electrical Engineering Building. Mechanical engineering students—Room 203-C in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Pharmacy students—Room 310 in the Pharmacy Building. Science students—Room 111 in Stanley Coulter Hall. Physical Education students—Room 201 in the Field House Gymnasium. Graduate students—Room 101 fn Heavilon Hall. Freshman engineers, special students, and all others not designated above—Personnel Office in the Executive Building. The above-named registration places will be open from 7 a. m. to G p. m. All students who find it impossible to register at these registration places during the time designated, are directed to register in the registrar’s of(Continued on page 4)
Purdue Exponent
Volume 52, No. 25
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Octobmr 8, 19M
State Ag Extension Conference Opens Today; Ends Friday The Annual state Agricultural Extension Conference will open today and continue through Friday, October 11. New developments in agricultural relationships to national defense activities, relationships with other agricultural agencies, land use planning, and other discussion sessions will make up most of the program. County agricultural agents, home demonstration agents, assistant county agents, community institute state speakers, and extension specialists will attend the convention. Among the speakers will be President Elliott; M. L. Wilson of Washington, D. C., federal director of agricultural extension; Dr. Charles C. Smith, Chicago; H. J. Reed, dean of the school of agriculture; B. L. Hummell, rural sociologist of Virginia, and Mrs. Elizabeth Speer, University of Tennessee, e.w.m. Music Room To Present Tschiakowski Program Inaugurating something new in Music Room programs, the Union this Wednesday night from 7 to 8 o’clock will present a recorded program of Peter Tchfiikowski’s more popular selections. Nutcracker Suite, Romeo and Juliet, and a Waltz will be played. Requests will be taken for future programs, r.r.r. Arm To Speak Over Radio On Personnel Sheet Use Prof. David L, Arm, acting director of personnel, will speak over WBAA at 12:26 p. m. today on the subject of how to make proper use of senior personnel data sheets. The talk is sponsored by the Activities Bureau, the campus organization in charge of the distribution of these sheets. b.v.d.
Faculty Looks To Make-up As Cameras Grind
By Bob Weiss For about a week now we have been able to observe quite closely the activities of the photographers who are taking the color movies for University publicity. Maybe you have noticed them. We can’t help but notice them. Every time we turn around we fall over a light cord or strike an arc with a photographic reflector. However, all these incidents have been quite interesting if not amusing. In the first place we discovered that it takes more than an eye for beauty in order to take beautiful movies. A good photographer has to have a tireless physique plus strong teeth. Maybe you don’t agree with us, but we saw one gentleman yesterday who would have been completely helpless if he had not had room in his mouth for three reflectors, a tripod, fifty feet of cord,' two sockets, and a suitcase |ull of flash bu][bs. And he didn’t have his tongue in his cheek either. But he should have! People do rather Grange things when they are faced with the prospect of being mugged in color. We saw one bald-headed dean reach to his barren forehead and arrange the little grey locks that weren’t there. And the cameras began to grind. A star was bom — thirty years too soon. Another dean (this one with more fuzz on top) had been caught in the midst of an important conference with his make-up down. This didn’t stop either the dean or the camera men, for they both went ahead with their work oblivious of each other. We hope the camera knew what to do. And so it gcjes, faculty, students and others, dancers, the military, all recorded for posterity; if the film doesn’t wear out by then. We hope tl^ey remembered to load the camera with film.
Informal Co-ed Rush Opens Today;
SlSOiUnion Mixer Rushees Will Register "After Meeting
LouBreeseToPlay For Season's First
Orchestra Comes Direct To Campus From Chicago Lou Breese and his “breezy rhythm” orchestra, coming direct from the State and Lake Theatre in Chicago, will play for the Union mixer Friday night, October 26, in both ballrooms from 9 to 12 o’clock. Admission price for this mixer goes up to one dollar and a half, for the first time, this school year. Featured with Breese and his orchestra will be pianist Mel Winters, vocalists Barry Warren and Skip Morr, and the orchestra’s glee club. Breese has played at the Chez Paree in Chicago, the Meadowbrook Country Slub in Cedar Grove, N. J., at Hamid’s Million Dollar Pier in Atlantic City, and .at the Beverly Hills Country Club in Newport, Ky. during the past year. During most of the time he has broadcast over the NBC and Mutual networks. « He is signed to reappear at the Chez Paree on December 24, and at the Meadowbrook Country Club for eight weeks at his first available date. Breese is opening at the Palace Theatre in Cleveland on Otctober 28. j.a.p. Student Pilot Injured; 6lider Crashes Near Airport Early Sunday John Scott, ME ’42, was severely injured Sunday morning when the glider he was flying crashed into the gravel pit east of the" airport. According to Home Hospital oflScials, Scott, treasurer of the Glider Club and member of Theta Xi Social fraternity, broke both ankles and received cuts about the face. Witnesses of'^the crash report that Scott was flying about two hundred feet above the ground when he started to make a turn to come in for a landing. The glider apparently hit a sudden up-draft, for the nose of the craft came up and the ship went into a side slip, which developed into a spin. The glider crashed into the side of the gravel pit, '^completely demolishing the nose. Scott was rushed to the hospital by friends, e.k. ' Debate Managers Get Assignments For Year Instructions and assignments' were given yesterday afternoon to the following eight men who responded to the call for debate managers: John Allen, Josef Bach, Howard Burkholder, John Krauser, Jack Myracle, Lome Reynolds, Harrjr Smith, and Ed Warzyaski. “Sophomore managers are really the backbone of the organization,” said junior manager Forest Deal. “Their main service is to contact students and persuade them to enter contests.” % Minor Officials Other sophomore duties are to act as minor officials at intercollegiate and national contests, to procure judges, and perform other necessary functions. Membership soliciting assignments of campus halls and houses were distributed at the meeting. The organization is already at work on the Beveridge speaking contest. The Hays cup remains for one year in the house of the manager who, in the opinion of the forensic board, did the best job. ^ All awards and keys are awarded at the “Stage Stump Studio” banquet at the end of the year.
Lou Breese
. . . who will be on the campus Friday evening, October 25 for the mixer in the Union ballrooms.
Preferential Seating Exchanges Of Senior Coupons To End Today Today is the last day for seniors to exchange their coupons for preferred reserved seats for the Wisconsin (homecoming game). Coupon exchanges should be made at the Fieldhouse ticket office. Exchanges for junior seats will begin tomorrow and continue until Thursday. Sophomore coupons will be exchanged on October 14 and 16, and freshmen may obtain their seats on October 16 and 17. Ticket exchanges for the Indiana game on November 23 will be on November 4 and 6 for seniors. Other classes exchange as follows: juniors; November 6 and 7; sophomores, November 11 and 12; dnd freshmen, November 13 and 14. Seats outside of the student section may be had by students upon payment of the federal tax. t.b.n. Meredith Club Gives Tea For HE Students Over 160 home economics students were entertained at a tea by the Virginia C. Meredith club yesterday in the Home Economics Auditorium at 4 o’clock. The tea was to acquaint the freshman women with activities of the organization and give them an opportunity to meet upperclass members. Jean Ann Burkholder acted as mistress of ceremonies. First on the program of the afternoon were Jeanne Miller and Evel3ni Gullion, harpists, who played “A Triplic Dance” and a composition of Miss Gullion’s. Mrs. Ralph Caldwell gave a number of amusing sketches^ from Edna St. Vincent Milay’s “Conversation at Midnight.” Marjorie Williamson sang two selections, “Who Are We to Say?” from the “Girl of the Golden West” and “One Day When We Were Young” from “The Great Waltz.” Purpose Of The Club The Purpose of the Club was explained by Mary Glen Yeager, who said the Virginia C. Meredith club is an organization for service, social, and educational purposes. The club was named for Virginia C. Meredith, who was the first woman on the Board of Trustees of the University. Meetings are scheduled for once a month, and several interesting programs for the coming year have already been planned. Agnes McCulloch, the new president of the club, introduced the officers and the sponsor, Dr. Virginia White, of the home economics staff. Miss Beeman, also of the staff and sponsor of the/ State Home Economics club, told of the state meeting November 16 at Indiana University, Refreshments were then served in the main hall. a.r.w.
35 Facully Members Selected For Listing In 1940'Who's Who' In the 1940 edition of •“Who’s Who in America” were listed the following faculty members and administration heads, of the University; J. C. Arthur, professor emeritus; J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemistry and metallurgy; H. L. Creek, head of the English department; J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department; R. G. Dukes, head of applied mechanics; Dr. E. C. Elliott, president; A. H. Elward, football coach; H. E. Enders, Dean of the science school and head of the biology department; JT A. Estey, head of the department of history and economics. D. D. Ewing, school of electrical engineering; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; E. V. Greenfield, modem languages department; O. F. Hall, sociology department; C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school; H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department; W. M. Hepburn, librarian; C. B. Jordan, dean of the pharmacy school; L. W. Josselyn, reference librarian; F. B. Knight, director of division of education and applied psychology; H. R. Kraybill, head of the department of agricultural chemistry; Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department; L. V. Lfidy, experimental engineering. M. L. Matthews, dean of home economics; G. S. Meikle, member of board of directors; Robert Phillips, government; A. P. Poorman, applied psychology; A. A. Potter, dean of freshman engineering; H. H. Remmers, education and psychology; David E. Ross, president of the board of directors; H. Rubenkoenig, school of mechanical engineering; Prof. L. M. Sears, history department; R. N. Shreve, chemical engineering school; J. H. Skinner, dean and director emeritus; J. E. Walters, personnel administration; ,G- A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering, r.m.r. Playshop Laboratory Group Tryouts Held In Fowler Hall Tonight Tryouts for Playshop Laboratory Theatre plays will be held in Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Anyone interested in dramatics and who has not had a part in a major Playshop production or in a Varsity Show is eligible. Also there are opn enings for students interested in crew work. This includes construction, make-up, properties, costumes and art. ' The Laboratory group is made up entirely of students. The plays are directed, managed, acted and produced by members of the student body. Harold Martin is in charge of the group this year and states that two one-act plays will be given on or around November 1. Experience is not required to take part in this activity. m.j.f. Oren Reed I ... CE ’22, was guest speaker last Friday night in Indianapolis at a meeting of the Indiana section of the AS^E. Since 1934 Reed has been an engineer with the TVA, and at present is construction engineer on the Watts Bar Dam. His talk was illustrated with slides showing various construction features in the Tennessee Valley Authority program.
Speakers To Discuss Rush System, Rules; Registration Fee $2 Informal co-ed rush will open this afternoon at 4 o^clock with a meeting of all rushees in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. The meeting has been planned to acquaint all women going through rush with the system and rules that will be used during both the informal and formal rush periods. Dorothy C. Stratton, deqn of } women, Roy C. Street, pan-hellenic lawyer, and Mrs. Clifford Rader, rush adviser, will speak at the meeting. Rush chairman of the eight national sororities on the campus will be introduced. After the meetiug, from 5 until 6 o’clock and from 7 imtil 8 o’clock, rushees will register at the panhellenic desk in the Unioh. The rush fee of two dollars is also due at this time. An extra fee will be charged for late registration. Informal rush will continue through this week with parties at each house on Wednesday and Thursday from 3 to 6:30 p. m. On Saturday and Sunday parties will be from 2 until 6 p. m. All rushees are to attend the teas at all the houses on Wednesday and Thursday. Invitations to Friday’s and Saturday’s parties will be sent to the rushees by mail and are to be returned to the pan-heUenic desk between noon and 6 p. m. Friday. The formal rush period will open on Tuesday, October 16, and dinners will be given at the houses on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday nights. Formal preference night dinners will be held on Friday, October 18, from 5:30 to 8 p. m. According to the rules set by the Pan-Hellenic Council, rushing will cease daily during the informal iush'> period at 6:30 o’clock and during the formal period rush will cease at 8:30 p. m. There will be no rushing permitted on Friday, October 11, and Monday, October 14. During the rush period organized women not living in the residence halls will not be permitted in them. The rush period wiU culminate with the issuing of pledging bids on Saturday, October 19, from 12:30 to 6 p. m. at the Pan Hellenic desk. r.h.r. Darling Announces Debris Will Finish Senior Snaps Soon The 1941 Debris will complete the photographing of seniors at 6:30 on Tuesday, October 16, according 'to Bill Darling, Debris junior business manager. The Dexheimer-Car-lon studios of Indianapolis are doing the photographing. Darling also said that all seniors who either did not receive cards notifying them of the time to have their photograph taken, or were unable to report at the time scheduled, should come to room 60 in the subbasement of the Union some time this week to arrange another date. Room 60 is open from eight in the morning until 5:30 at night. The usual $1.60 fee is required at the time of the sitting. e.g.k. Show Pidures At Alumni Meeting; Elward Speaks Moving pictures of the Ohio State vs Purdue football game were shown at the Tippecanoe county alumni meeting last night in the north ballroom of the Union. Mai Elward, football coach, and M. H, Taube, assistant coach, talked about the game after the pictures. Both alumni and students attended the meeting.■' • ii:
PURD0E EXPONENT
Tuesday> October 8« 1940
;f'1
Well little Adolph has finally moved a few of his troops into Rumania. As a protective measure of course. He’s afraid the oil wells might be blown up. By the British. Or the Rumanians.
Then too the Rumanian army was in lousy shape, or he wouldn’t have come in.
To rehabilitate it.
First thing we know he’ll be over here to help us reorganize our army. Somebody oughta. And protec-tion-well maybe we don’t need it. But someone has sure been blowing hell out of our. industry.
We’ve had out the old slide rule doing a little computation on Hitler’s boys. And we figure that with his troops in Poland. And Denmark, And Czechoslovakia. And Hungary, And Norway. And Belgium. And Holland. And France. And now Rumania. The best place to stage an attack. Is m Germany.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post pfficd^ in !«- fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879^ and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday diiring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-ih-Chief. W. Donahue Business Manager......;.. ...........Merle Hagemeyer Fublicalion Staff News Editor.— _....... J, H. McKee Managing Editor... .;......D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, h. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Iiocal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, G. E. Dangl^ajer; Accounts Manager, R. J, Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ..Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. .
Sports Staff Editor ...............J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented^ for national advertising by National Advertising Service, InC., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N- Y. Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor: Miller Ass’t. Night Ed.: Runnion Night Sports Ed.: Johnson Sophomores: E. G. Kieper, R. M. Rockefeller, J. H. Armstrong, T. B. Novey, R. H. VanDeusen, - E. W. McCullough, R.L. Hadley, A. Ghatfield, R. W. Weiss, N. Zachary, A. W. Worsley, J. S. Keeler, E. C. Young, B. L. Humel, J*. A. Whelden.
There can’t be many soldiers left there.
Just der Fuehrer’s private body guard. Arid doubles.
Plus the air corps. Which makes the logical time to overthrow the whole works when those boys are all away from home. Sight-seeing over London.—dkh
3bdiah io ihil £dUo/i
414 N. Salisbury Street West Lafayette, Indiana October 2, 1940. Dear Sir; , Mrs. Mavity’s letter in Monday’s Exponent is quite obviously the product of a mind innocently perverted to political and economic abnormality by the constant pouriding of New. Deal propaganda. This defeatist attitude, which is spreading like wild-fire throughout America, fostered by the influence of a paternalistic government, is the same attitude which enables Hitler, Stalin, and other dictators to hold sway in their countries. The social reforms, which progressive Democrats and Republicans alike have advocated for Scores of years, were instituted with the encouragement of President Roosevelt during the first four years; of his administration. They s t a r t e d as emergency reforms; but since the emergency no longer exists* they ' continue as HANDOUTS. Many people, like Mrs. Mavity, view this as the ideal" system and look upon Roosevelt as “their only, benefactor”—^their god, who will mete out justice, feed them, and keep them forever. This is nothing less than dictatorship; this is panned economy. Whether it is called Communism, Nazism, Fascism, or New Dealism makes no diiference; THE PRINCIPLE IS DEFEATISM. That is what we college students object to. We are ambitious; that is why we are in college. We live in , a land of opportunity and we don’t want that opportunity taken away. Mr. Willkie is symbolic of the opportunities for a poor boy in a land of liberty. Mrs. Mavjty apparently knows very little about the personalities of this campaign. Mr. WiUkie struggled, as we are struggling, to advance himself in the world. Roosevelt would not understand this; he was born "with more irioney
than Willkie could ever dream of possessing. For these reasons, sev-enty-five per cent of the college students all over America are for Willkie.
Mrs, Mavity displayed her ignorance of Purdue in many ways. We “poor farmer boys,” many of whom have never been on a farm, are certainly livirig a life of luxury! G. A. Young can tell her how many boys drink a glass of milk for breakfast and lunch, then “splurg” on a fif-teen-cent supper. Her letter was a degradation to every man who ever graduated froiri Purdue, to every man who will ever graduate from Purdue, to the teachers and men who carry on the work of this university, to Dr. Elliott, and to the thousands of other outstanding men who are proud to acknowledge their association with Purdue. The mention of our “only benefactor” casts for naught the huge gifts of John Purdue, David Ross, and the other men who have given and are giving their lives and fortunes to Purdue. If eight years of Roosevelt can turn so many minds away from common sense liberty, as they have with Mrs. Mavity, what will four more, do? God help us .elect Mr.. Willkie president! S. Wasme Garrigus, ME’43 W. R. Boling, ME ’43 G. S. Harris, CE ’41 C. L. Moore, EE ’43 J. B. Trotter, Ag’43
Engineering Mid-year Graduates: Paul Strecker, Personnel Director, Grand Rapids Stamping Division, General Motors Corporation, Grand Rapids, Mich., plans to visit the University Friday, October 25, to interview seniors in engineering who will be graduated at mid-year. Men selected will be assigned to various shop and production departments for a period of training, after which they will be placed tyhere the need arises, and Where they seem best fitted. All of the work which is done by this company is in connection with sheet nietal stamping. Strecker specifies that the men to be interviewed must be in the top third of their class Scholastically, and be able to get along well with other people. Those interested sign the list in the office of the head of theSr school before October 8. Those selected for interview wilt be notified by the Personnel Office.
Wesley Players To Hold Tryouts For Peace Play
Tryouts for the Wesley Plqyers’ two one-act plays will be held this evening at 4 and 7 o’clock; at the Wesley Foundation. The first play is to be given Sunday, NovemBer 10, and the theme of it will be peace. The'following week in Attica the second play with a temperance plot will be given, n.z.
the Purdue Esqponent
Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc.
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Better ^tdse.-—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Phone 4354 Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Outfitters For ■ —n Fraternities and SororltiM vv Edgerton Hardware 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
with CESAR ROMERO • AND —
— Aiso — ■'Terry and the Pirates'
Serial
liir'il.'*
ATTENTION, R. O. T. C.! See the United States Mechanized
Army in Action.
Two reels filmed at Ft. Knox ' ''Combat Units of the
Mechanized Army"
Sigma AlphaEpsilon
. . . social fraternity, will give its pledge dance next Saturday night at the chapter house. Andy Hanson and his band from the University of Illinois will play for the “come as caught” dance. Those in charge of the dance are F. Habicht, Bud Guard, and Jack Smalley, e.w.m.
Mangold Tennis Champ
In the final iriatch of the Junior and Senior tennis tournriment, Tom Mangold, ME, defeated Janies Collins, ME, in straight sets 6-2, ^0, to annex the championship crown, w.h.h. . •
Classified
FOR SALE
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Rhone, 2407.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired; All makes oif portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph sork. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 -Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost: Theta crest ring; yellow gold with ring of pearls; in ;Union, near ballroom; reward; notify Jane Winterrowd, Ph. 6081.
Room for rent: % of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat. 134 Andrew Place.
FOR RENT—Rooms, modern near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46301.
Notices
Ne iMtIeaa reeeiTad after $ it-
Mortar Board: Meeting in the Sweet Shop, Tuesday, October 8, at 6:80 p. m. —TERSTEGGE.
Dolphin Club: Important meeting Wednesday, October 9, at 7:16 p. m. in room 104 of the Pieldhouse. ’ "—SILER.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives: Meeting Thursday night, October 10, in Exponent office at 7 p. m. Discussion of pledges. Please be present. . —McKEE.
. Men Yell Leaders : Report to stadium Tuesday, October 8, at 4 p. m. —DELMER.
Ballet Practice: All girls interested in water ballet, come out to the pool Wednesday, October 9, at 4 p. m. —ROSENCRANS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting in room 307 of the Union, Tuesday, 8 p. m. Actives bring breakfast money. —WAYNE.
Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 8, at 7 :30 p, m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Technical slides. —BLOSSER.
Camera Club: Darkrooms will be open Tuesday noon, October 8. Locker assignments will be posted in the club book at the West desk and inside the door to each room. Light room will not be ready until about Thuirsday. ^ARCHIBALD.
All Students: Those interested in taking part in the Union Thanksgiving show, “Everything But Onions,” are asked to attend the final tryouts Tuesday, October 8, at 4 p. 1 ni.. in the south ballroom of the Union. Dancers, actors, and singers are needed. —WALD.
. Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ.
Radio Cliib: Meeting Tuesday, October. 8, in EE Building- Code, speed, and aptitude tests will be given. —FREED.
Today-Wed.—2 HITS
lemLOCKHAirr aMnI MITCHEUL Uteary ARMETTA
fcMstet taM Turntf
MM
«t • MmUwI !, ft's ArHlhal
VVHOAi^B ^buNG
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
with Robert YOUNG IWaureen O'SULLIVAN Lewis STONE WILLIAM GARGAN LYNHE CARVER ST!
You’ll Do B^ter aL
Fine Furnitiire, Rugs, Carpels, Unoleum and Draperies
0 1940. Chicago THmes, Inc. ’' ({fT Reg. U, S. Pal. Off.. AM Ris. Rea. - ’*
‘I had a pretty good day !—Intercepted 4 Japanese beetles, Mediterranean fruit flies, and a 5th columnist !”
Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16. —F. W. GREVE.
ter, R.; Worl, R. B.; Crown, P.; Gillespie, K.; Hague, G.; Sieb, D. —FELLOWS, CARPENTER.
WAA Tennis: All third round matches must be played off by Tuesday, October 8. —EMHOFF.
Model Railroaders: Club meeting Saturday, October 12, at 1:30 p. m. in attic of Mechanical Engineering Building. All interested invited. —DARR.
Activities Bureau Workers: There will be a meeting of all sophomores on my committee Tuesday at 4:30 p. m. —WALLEY.
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meetings will be held at 7:30 on Thursday evenings instead of Tuesday evenings. October 10 meeting will be in room 302 of the Union. Names of applicants will be presented at meeting. —GRIFFIN.
Purdue Players: See call board in Eliza Fowler Hall for progress of constitutions. 10-7 —FOX.
Junior Military: Juniors report to supply room in Armory on Wednesday and Thursday, October 9 and 10, for your advanced course uniforms. —TORMEY.
Undergraduate Dames: On Tuesday, October 8, at 7 :30 p. m., there will be a meeting for all members in room 268 at the Union. —GERSTUNG.
Alpha Phi Omega: Regular meeting in room 303 of the Union, Tuesday, October 8, at ,7:30 p. m. V —YATES.
Kappa Delta Pi: Short meeting in room 106, Education Building, Thursday, October 10, at 7 p. m. . —NORQUEST.
Scabbard and Blade: The meeting for Thursday, October 10, at 7:30 p. m. will be in room 303 of the Union. The selection of pledges will be announced, therefore all members must be present or present a written excuse. —MEESE.
Seniors in Marriage Course: Bring questions relating to religion instead of recreation as assigned to meeting on Thursday October 10. Due to a change in schedule religious discussion will be held October 17. —CHANDLER.
4-H Girls: On Friday, October 11, at 6 p. m. the 1940 State Fair girls will hold a picnic. All girls who plan to attend please call Mary Anne Mackey at 2l81, or Martha Jane Gettinger at 2243 before Wednesday, October 9. ' —HOLLIS.
Military: Students who worked during registration please call for checks in supply room. —TORMEY.
POMM: There will be a meeting at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 8, in the Armory. —McCAMMON. .
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 79 m.in. gun. Voluntary squads consisting of i^xecutive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores. Squads organized by juniors. Applications must be filed with Lt. Col. Wl)ite or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. —WHITE,
Music Room Committee: Following members are to report at important meeting Tuesday at 4 p. m.: Murriel, - R. T.; Deus-
NOW PLAYING
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
^ROONEY ^OARIAND
TODAY - WEDN^DAY
TODAY - TOMORROW TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
FIGHT PICTURES Max Pat
BAER vs COMISKY
All Knockdowns in
Slow Motion
'MORTlMER''„i;Gonstance iJoQte HiaryForbcs • Thurston Hall Princess Baba • John Arledge ■ Chas. Coleman Edward; Brophy Arthur Hohl
PLUS
■■4 If,
■*X
.4 >:
■4*’
4X
'•1 .
'i *
'sSWS'illl
Tuesday, October 8, 1940
PURD0E EXPONENT
Harriers Work Hard On Conditioning For Pitt Tilt At the start of last night’s practice Coach Herman Phillips gathered his band of harriers about him and together they discussed the problems and mistakes arising from last Friday’s meet with Indiana. Phillips asserted that some of the men were not yet in condition and that this defect must be ironed out. He pointed out that it takes time to accomplish this.
On the whole, he seemdd pleased Newman Club Plans Picnic
A get-together picnic for Newman,Club members and their friends will be held Thursday^ afternoon at 4 p’clock in the field west of the Stadium. Twenty-five cents will be charged for refreshments. Reservations can be made by calling 46064. IM Schedules
TENNIS Tuesday, October 8 — 4:1B p. m. Pickering vs Schweig or Lichtenberg Gardner vs Duditnski Sells vvs Armstrong May ys Van Camp ' ALL-CAMPUS GOLF Tuesday, October 8 Coombs vs Eune or Weghlinsky Green vs Ainsworth (Dixon or Gossett) vs (Lee or Jones) Douglas vs Laddon Lange vs (Johnson or Hendrickson) Benna vs (Smalley or Stigelman) Shook vs Evers
SOFTBALL Tuesday, October 8 Diamond 1. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau Sigma Pi vs Theta Chi D-1 vs F-l Cary Hall 18 vs Cary Hall 11. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 2 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 4 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 6 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 14 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 10
TOUCHBALL (Practice Games) Tuesday, October 8 Field Official 1. Sigma Nu vs Acacia (J. Dlckman) 2. Alpha Sigma Phi vs Delta Tau Delta (W. E. Gregory)
(N. Goldstein)
3. Pi Kappa Psi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Delta Chi vs Kappa Sigma (J. Papurca) Pi Kappa Sigma Vs Tau Epsilon Pi
(Dave Adams)
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Alpha Chi Eho
(J. B. Close)
Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa (Dick Michaels)
6.
8.
“REST ASSURED” at HOTEL FOWLER . / 200 Ro6ms Fireproof Newly decbrated Blueblozer Airconditioned
Fourth ond Ferry
Lafayette
^ ^ SHEAFFEICS s^y^oy
IS YOUR PEN!
SKYBOY ENSEMBLES «12.25 «Hi *14.00 OTHER SHEiVFER ENSEMBLES *d.9S up
loft or AgroundIt Performs! Thu really modern gift! Skyboy stonds up under (he gruelling temperature and altitude conditions of aviation service...will serve /ou for life . wherever you go! Sleek, handsome, b'alanced, Skyboy wings words to paper.. has patent selfadjusting Flo-rite feed ., provides 2-way writing (fine.or regular) . .warns when to refill. . and it's a Sheaffer's ,' identified^ by the White Dot] look for the Dot, and for the nume "Skyboy" on the clip! Mated with the now permanently sharp FINELINE pencil, it's the y^br's writing sensationi
University Book Store AtprosB from the fJniop— IVext fp (he College lf»n Cafeteria jk, C. “Red” Sammons^ ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
In retrospect, the Ohio State game of a few days ago brings' out some of the finest qualities possessed by the men on the Purdue football team. True, Purdue was defeated, but it was one of those bloody, three point losses th)at hurt so much, especially when you are powerless to get in there and take a whack at the leather as it takes off on its journey. But from here on down, let’s look at the game from the Purdue side) which seems to be neglected in the radio and newspaper accounts. \
with the team’s performance, praising th^ work of Captain Holderman, who coipped first place in the team’s losing venture with the Hoosiers. He beat a fine runner in whipping Wayne Tolliver, the Indiana ace, and beat him soundly. Phillips also commented favorably on the performance of Shulman, who was ' barely beaten out by Campbell Kane, national inter-collegiate halfmile champion, for fourth place.
Pitt Next Foe
Pittsburgh provides the next hurdle for Phillips’ charges in a meet here Saturday at 1:16. Not much is known concerning the relative strength of the Panther outfit, but reference was made to a crushing defeat at the hands of Pitt suffered by the Boilermakers two
yoars ago.
So it appears'that the Riveters will have a two-fold purpose in mind as they line up Saturday. Not only will they be shooting for their first win, but also the spirit of revenge will he at hand. Hard Work Ahead Serious and thorough preparation is under way as a major step toward carrying out these ambilions. Most of the hard work will be done the first three days of this week, with emphasis on conditioning. The feeling seems to be prevalent that the Boilermakers are going to notch their initial victory in Saturday’s
meet, e.c.y.
Captain Dave Rankin
To open the second half, Magg kicked off to little “Iron Mike” Byelene behind the Purdue goal, and from then on, Rankin became a demon. He blocked like a fool, he made seemingly impossible tackles
over the top of blockers who were driving him “out” of the play. Dave seemed to know that turning the play “in” toward the middle wasn’t enough, because the middle of the Riveter line was as open as the
The LEE TEL $5.00 Will not only improve your Hat-i*tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror t?ll8 thp story. ' • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat..: 13.50;
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t*RKa. U. a. PATENT OPfICE
^JlLdlsAA^ are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL ELAT.
Tussle Against Spartans A courageous band of Boilermaker gridders cast aside forlorn reflections of the heartbreaking loss in the last 19 seconds of the Buckeye engagement last week to begin preparations for a game that may well prove to be one of the most difficult of the season, the tussle Saturday at East Lansing with the mighty Spartans of Michigan State.
Oaken Bucket. Captain David spent thirty minutes leaping over the hacks of blockers and pulling helmets and jerseys off of Ohio players; three times he nailed Ohio backs for loses; and, brother, that’s something, especially when the rest of the Purdue team was lucky to stop the Buck rush after ten yards had been covered. —I-I— It required 19 Purdue plays to score the initial Gold and Black points; 19 plays to cover 76 yards. And those yards were covered with every ounce of energy the Boilermakers could muster. Petty was blocking like a madman, Byelene was passing with the accuracy of a Springfield rifie, and John Galvin was running like a colt^with his first saddle. —I-I— “Ohio State isn’t so tough after all,” said the Purdue team in unison, and then brother Schmidt of the Staters did get gray hair. His versatile back, Eincade, fumbled in mid-field, and reserve Purdue end, Shimer, recovered for Purdue. Ohio got it again, but Mike Byelene plucked it back on the Purdue 34. Buffington, the battering ram, and Brock were injected into the Purdue lineup. From there on it was Brock’s beautiful pass to Dave Rankin, Buffington into the line, and Rankin’s end-around when the chips were down. Then Buffington scored a touchdown by himself. . , —I-I— Schumacher stepped up and kicked the typing point as if it were a professional duty. From then on Ohio State was frantic until their blond specialist pulled the game from the coals. For Purdue, Kersey is the most under-rated man on the squad. That boy is the most conscientious man on the squad. He’s plenty tough, play in and play out. Purdue’s weak spot isn’t at quarterback, nor any other place. i
For the members of the squad who saw major action in the Ohio State encounter, a well deserved rest was granted by Head Coach Mai Elward. These players held a short -workout without pads, running through their playing assignments, and were then sent to the showers. What? No Injuries! * The only physical injuries sustained in the grueling battle at Columbus were quite minor. This point speaks rather well for the stamina of the squad, as seven members of the Pitt team that lost to the heavy Ohio State squad the previous week were helped to the sidelines with injuries. Senior tackle A1 Rossi is besieged with a bothersome stiff neck and right end Bill Combs received a bruised leg for the only ’ physical hindrances as a result of the game. Elward Pleased Coach Mai Elward was well pleased with the performance of the team in the Conference opener, and gave special praise to sophomores Buffington, Warren, Shimer, Hillenhrand, and Leugo. Mai was also pleased with the coolness of his proteges under fire. “Fumbles, bad breaks, and the fact that they were 14 points behind didn’t disturb them much,” he remarked. “They played a strong team game all of the way.” “The results of last Saturday’s game are very encouraging,” he added. “A team that keeps thinking they can win is an awfully hard one to beat.” Scrimmage Fest The members of the squad who did not see much action in the Ohio State tussle held a spirited intrasquad scrimmage, during the final part of the practice session under the close scrutiny of the coaching staff. Fullback Fijala carried the ball across for a touchdown from the one foot line for the only points scored by either side.
S9 7maf(
With new millions daily demanding the double pleasure of records atid radio we make this sensational money-saving offer! Now, at one low cost, you can get a new 1941 RCA Victrola which plays 10* or 12* records with lid closed—and provides splendid radio reception as well—plus 6 su^ perb Victor Records and a handsome record rack to keep them in!
The RCA Victrola featured in this offer is Model V-IOO. Alone, it’s well worth the cost of all three items. So come in today—while this great bargain lasts. LOOK FOR THIS TSADEBIARK BEFORE YOU BUY! TYa bnout *Utk Mm* Wr!».YV4e«" Vadeomk your giunntM of quuity —il idontiflot «h.a on,* Md only RCA VielioUt
in the McLffn Mmk €9* 914 MsiHPURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday/ October 8/ 1940
<% i\
Jbmbf Jalk
Draft Registration
We’d like to call the attention of all male persons connected with the University in the capacity of students or faculty members to the story on page one of this issue. The story contains the vital facts regarding the places of registration for men between the ages of 21 and 35. We have received a great many queries regarding who shall register and where. Last week this column contained a brief outline of the persons who were supposed to register. f The story on page one contains the exact time of registration and the places for the members of the various schools. It is important to note that those men affected by the Selective Service and Training Bill will register by schools. It should also be noted that there will be no holiday and that registration will take place on this campus and not at home as has been falsely rumored. The instructions are simple, the time of registration is clearly stated. The wise thing to do is to note the^room number in the building in which you are required to register and if you don’t know where that particular room is find out before next Wednesday in order to eliminate as much confusion as possible. Don’t wait until the last minute to determine whether the Bill applies to you. Find out now! Our limited space does not permit us to repeat every day the specifications of those affected by the conscription plan but we have from time to time printed whatever information seemed pertinent. We shall publish the registration schedule again on Wednesday morning, October 16, along with other important facts about it. Our file of printed material from government agencies remains on file for your inspection or questions. You will also be able to obtain information through the heads of the various schools and the Dean of Men.
List Student Draft (Continued from page 1) fice, Executive Building, betv?een the hours of 6 p. m. and 9 p. m. All students, who for reasons beyond their control, such as sickness, are unable to register at the appointed time, are directed to make arrangements for registration by getting in touch with assistant dean of men. The county clerk will appoint special registrars to register the sick in hospitals. All students subject to registration who are out of the city on registration day will be permitted, for their own convenience, to register wherever they may be and there they will be given registration certificates.
Purdue’s % Interestin # People By Donna Siess
A familiar figure around the halls of the Union and in the Union office is that of ' Alexafider “Bun” Clarke, Student Union president. You little girls may have recognized him by his legs—that is to say, you saw thd legs first, looked up for distances, and found a darkhaired fellow, approximately 6’ 3”. Bun is very quiet—quietness commands respect and Bun certainly has that. Where the “Bun” came from, he doesn’t remember. It all happened when this future BMOC was only a wee tot. With the exception of the last two years, Alexander has attended- camp during the summer and has attained an eagle scout ranking. His hobbies are sailing and camping, and when he can find time, he reads novels and hikes. According to this year’s Union president, his Union work has been of more value to him than his Chemical Engineering courses. His real enthusiasm for the Union extends even beyond his four years here, however, and now he’s vitally interested in a project which will probably not meet completion for a few years. If within a few years you present sophomores or freshmen are able to see movies in the Music Hall, chalk a great deal of credit up to Bun. The pictures he’d like to see shown would be documentary films and returns of old favorites of a few years ago. “I’m not in favor of it, but it’s the best thing under the circumstances” were the words of Bun, when questioned regarding his opinion of conscription, rounding this out with, “Too much proof has been had of the fact that well prepared nations eventually engage in war.” Yours for more interest.—
Theta Xi
. . . will hold its annual pledge dance at the chapter house this Saturday, October 12. Couples will dance from 9 to 12 to the music of Paul Barker’s band from Indianapolis. j.h.a.
Put Summer Clothes Away CLEAN They Wear LONGER!
for summer whites White clothes need the finest deaning if they are to lode their best. That’s why so many people send their summer clothes to us for Sanitone deaning. Try our Samtone service today. See the difference for yourself.
tUEANERi W. S. Office—>132 Nortfiwesteni
HAHD-HEEDLED EDGES... JUST ONE OFTHE MANY DiSTIHCTIVE GEISLER DETAILS COVERT SUITS These fine hand tailored, hand-needled edged suits, made to sell from $35.00 to $40.00 are offered to you at a special introductory offer—this week only at $2995
U^a&kuujJton TbwA Hart on Capitol Hill By C. J. Hart I’ve been reading, along with all of you about the bombing of cities. It is safe to say that our nerves are more or less immune to such material, not to mention our minds. We’ve come to the point where wp accept bombing in the world of 1940. It was a bright, sunny afternoon. Overhead, the sun was shining, birds flying, etc. And then, a shadow, a sheet of aluminum blocked out the sun. It was the fleet of planes representing our fighting forces. They looked potent, inhuman, deadly. Below, countless thousands watched Washington’s first taste of aerial blitz in the American way. They weren’t bombing the city—^they were the answer of a nation rolling up its sleeves and tightening its belt. It was pretty thought-provoking, certainly not joy - inspiring. I couldn’t help but think what a mar-
velous target the Capitol dome would make. I thought of limestone buildings turned into heaps of rock fragments and decorated with human guts. However much protection that fleet signified, the sound .was immediately the more significant thing. It made the material we’ve been reading lately more vivid—^too vivid. Cordell Hull At Work Much new respect is being given the Pan-American policies of Cor-
dell Hull. The Secretary, celebrating his birthday this week by doing nothing out of the ordinaiV in typical homespun, Tennessee style, is concerned about three major spheres of diplomatic activity. Great Britain, Japan, and Pan-America. Of the three, the most immediately optimistic is the latter. It is beginning to show signs of bearing fruit —a luxury in the diplomatic world today for democracies. South American Countries haver been on a limb for some time. In spite of the “good neighbor” attitude of the/ President and the Secretary of state, these coimtries had not too much to count on. There was not the fhll force of American opinion behind the ripening friendship. Now, however, it looks like the two adjoining continents are of one mind. It looks like Hitler will have our Congress, our President, the armed forces of the U. S., and US to contend with if he tries to do himself any good below the Hemispheric Mason-Dixon line. We, as a people have awakened!
ANY STUDENT can study better in clean clothes . . . have your s I clothes Crown cleaned regularly.
r I
E CLEAHEIIS OF FINE CLOTHE
Definitely Milder^ Cooler ^ Smoking decidedly Better^Tasting, Chesterfield is one up on 'em all ' Smokers say that Chesterfield is the one completely satisfying cigarette. Everybody who tries *em likes ’em. Chesterfield’s right combination of American and Turkish tobaccos is the best that money ^an buy. Do you smoke the cigarette that Satisfies
I-’