7
i '^“1 {
f P T'!
3 " fr.#
©he Pursue lExjjoitejtt
Published l)aily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIIi
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1937
NUSfBBRM
Purdue Smashes Illinois, 61^34
3,500 Hear Saint Louis
Symphony
Golschman Called Back To Stage For Five Encores; Scores Hit By K. E. O’Neil
Behind waving hands and guiding baton, Vladinair Golschman, French born conductor, led the Saint Louis symphony orchestra to another musical triumph before approximately 3,600 music lovers in the Jefferson high school gymnasium last night. The 90 piece orchestra maintained the excellent reputation that it gained here last year. Between parts pf the second selection on the program, “Ssrmphony No. 4 In F Minor, Opus 36,” the audience seemed to forget themselves as a few applauded, which seemed to embarrass the conductor. Golschman yiras forced to keep his arms raised to maintain silence.
Intermission Time Backstage at intermission time, Golschman elusively evaded the many people who came back to see him. As the members of the orchestra came off the stage they seemed both nervous and thirsty. A great mahy immediately lighted cigarettes and hurriedly rushed for the nearby drinking fountains. A fevr high school girls dashed around getting autographs of various orchestra members. When the conductor returned to the stajere, he was gree^d by tremendous applause. St continued between each df the three remaining numbers on the program. At the end of the scheduled program, the audience which wouldn’t leave applauded the smiling Golschman back with five encores. It woiild have continued longer had not the lights been turned on requesting everyone to leave.
Playshoppers In Rehearsal For ^Both Your Houses^
“% 128*!/®% !&#%#” in rather loud voice is sometimes the way Gibbs rebukes his struggling yOupg Playshoppers working in the tower room. Gibbs is Gilbert Dunbar Williams, who^ is directing “Both Our Houses,” Playshop’s portrayal of a political rat race. The play will be given Thursday and Friday evehinges in Duncan Hall. Things have been happening in the tower room for the last two weeks. Practices have been going long and fiercely. But whether it’s Fred Ahren’s valiantly trying to keep the notes of pathos in his voice as he shouts the line of “Sol,” one of the most skilled string pullers in the congfress, or Benton Harbor Bums being an earnest and righteous worker for the good of the people, the cast enjoys the work. Possibly Burns will take it upon himself to entertain the crowd by kicking a little jig. Gibbs tries to take him out of it promptly, but is apt to relent, after a heavy session of rehearsing and squelching original cast gags, and send the group out for a rest time at the Sweet Shop.
Forum To Discuss
Strike Problems
Prof, J, A. Estey, head of the hiftory, economics, and government department, will lead a forum discussion tonight on jibe current labor strike problem at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. He will discuss the situation from both the management and labor viewpoints, and will answer questions from the floor.
Tau Epsilon Phi
Bryant^ Brubaker Share Honors In Union Show As Co-Music Directors
Tau Epsilon Phi announces the pledging of Jess Swartz, Gary.
John Brubaker
Ck>urtesy 1987 Debris. Bud Bryant
Borne about the walks and classrooms On the lip and tongue of the singing chorus, familiar strains from “Castles In The Air” float to every corner of the campus as the colorful Union show goes into its second week of rehearsal. As in the Harlequin Club production of nine years ago, the chorus of 40 mixed voices will bear the brunt of this year’s Union show.
Bryant, who
the
Bud Bryant, who last saw show, “Castles In The Air” as a schoolboy in knee pants, shares the baton with J. F. Brubaker of Fort Wasme, a member of the Concert Choir for the last four years. Both men are electrical engineers, but insist that there will be nothing shocking about the show. Bryant To Sing Bryant, better known as the director Of the popular campus band, supplements his instrumental music with a baritone voice. He showed 9m early fondn^s for music, whic^ was encoiria^d h|i^s higher. ITiis will be his first big assignment as a
director.
Brubkker, a member of both the Concert Choir and the Glee Club, had a lead as a girl-shy state trooper in “Carmita,” last year’s Union Show. Johnny leans toward popular music and picks a guitar in his spare time. Roth of the co-directorS find the songs for “Castles In The Air” snappy and full of harmony. Special Numbers The chorus itself, in colorful peasant costume, will sing eight special numbers, including “Lantern of Love,” “Love’s Refrain,” “Baby,” and “The Sweetheart Of Your Dreams.” Smooth flowing waltzes and marchy rhythm will provide a background for the movement of the plot. Resides their special numbers, the singing chorus Will support the leads, whose solos are in keeping with the romantic setting of the show. Separate Rehearsals Rehearsals of different sections of the show are proceeding independently, and will be fitted together for the first time on February 24. Jim Shoemaker, Union president, states that he is well pleased writh the situation, and anticipates success when the show is synchronized. Business and financial details are being worked out by Union officials. But right now, the job is to whip the show into shape, and the singing chorus knows it. They’re practising faithfully, say the directors, and when the curtain rises on March 13, j;he singing chorus will sound a note of melody for the Union Show of 1937.
es To Address Dairy Club Tonight
W. E. Noyes, ag of ’26, will adthe University Dairy Club this evening in Smith Hall at 7:30 o’clock on “How to Produce Quality Cream On The Farm.” In conection with the lecture, motion pictures will be shown. The talk will deal with the proper use of washing powders and sterilizers in dairy use. ^ Noyes was head of the Lansing, Michigan board of health, and is now affiiliated with the Diversey Corporation of Chicago, Illinois, At this meeting officers will be elected for 1937-38.
Sororities
Take Pledges
21 €o«eds Pledged Diiiv ing Rush Week
Alpha Chi Omega sorority announces the pledging of Angeline Bratich, Gary; Neva Fricke, Monroe; Helen Landgrebe, Huntington; Ruth Wulfman, Huntington; Helen Pfeifer, Lafayette; and Martha Kemmer, Lafayette. Chi Omega sorority announces the pledging of Jeanne Woods, McCardsville; Mary Ellen ‘Delaplane, Wabash; Carolyn Scott, Wabash. Alpha Xi'* Delta sorority announces the pledging of Madge Neimeqer, Shelbyville; Janet Burton, Gary; Helen Conver, Kewanna, 111.; Mildred Whitesell, Lafayette; Carolyn Lemon, Friendship. Kappa Alpha Theta sorority announces the pledging of Barbara Roderick, Buchanan, N. Y.; Barbara Cook, Jeffersonville; Mary Frances Davis, Mitchell. Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority announces the pledging of Muriel Colip, South Bend; and Margaret Mathes, Toledo, Ohio. Pi Beta Phi sorority announces the pledging of Gaby D. Roe, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Janet Ro per, Hobart.
Organize ‘P’ Men’s Club
Lettermen Choose Don Powell First President
Formal organization of an active “P” Men’s Club took place last Sunday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at an enthusiastic meeting of Boilermaker lettermen called by Dr. C. H. Robertson, president of the newly reorganized international alumni “P” Club. At the preliminary organization meeting Sunday, Don Powell wps elected president to serve for the next year, with James Zacharay as vice-president^ end Glen Brown as secretary-treasurer. Definite plans for a program of Work for the organization and the adoption of a constitution and bylaws will be launched at a meeting of the newly elected officers with Dr. Robertson and other representatives of the alumni organization to be held on Wednesday evening.
Enamel on the teeth is the hardest tissue in the body.
Display Water Color CollectioM InMiisicRoom
A large collection of water color pictures is being displayed this week by the Ohio Water Color Society in the music room of the Memorial Union Building and at the Lafayette Art Gallery. A total of A3 pictures are on exhibit, 20 of them hanging in the music room of the Union Building. The Lafayette Art Association is responsible for bringing the collection to this vicinity.
YW Secretary To Give Talks
Social Service Will Be
Topic At Combined WSGA-YWCA Meeting
Besides speaking to the co-eds of the University at a combined open meeting of Y. W. C. A.-W. S. G. A. tomorrow. Miss Florence Maddock, general district Y. W. C. A. secretary, will speak to the members of the social service group of the Y. W. C. A. on Thursday afternoon, February 18. Miss Maddock works with students and community organizations. She and her assistant endeavor to coordinate programs, and they work with existing agencies in order to bring this about. Miss Maddock is in charge of the Y. W. C. A. camp at Hochelaga, Lake Champlain at South Hero, Vermont. She has also been connected with the Y. W. C. A. in Tacoma, Washington. Individual appointments for interviews with Mi^ Maddock should be made at the office of the dean of women.
Co-eds Comment
On Present Mode OJ Sorority Rushing
By Patrieia Henry
“You meet the girls on a different basis. It is more natural and you get to know them better,” was Doris Ellen McCartney’s, Pi Phi prexy, opinion of the present mode of rush. The greater percentage of the coeds seem to agree with this view. Perhaps because there is no necessity of pledging bleary-eyed girls after the round of dinners.
Topographic mapping of the U. S. to take 20 years, cost $100,000,000, is suggested to Congress by Seci’etary Ickes. *
Even the pledges of September have their opinion concerning rush. Ruth Graves, one of the Alpha Chi pledges of the September crop says, “This rush is much better. The girls get to know each other more intimately because there are fewer going through.” Betty Ossenberg of the Kappa household took an opposite stand in sticking Up for the September rush. Her Opinion was that it was better regulated. Catherine Ann Cromer answered the phone at the Alpha Xi Delta house and was another one to vote for the present system. Her statement was, “Both have their good points, but the advantage of the present one is that everyone knows what they are going into. You get more informality in the present type.” Mary Ann Kelsay, a Kappa Alpha Theta, didn’t particularly favor either one and stated, “I prefer rush the week before school starts. Then the girls have a free mind to start school work.” Quizzing Chi Omega Beth McCool resulted in the emphatic statement that there wasn’t so much cut throat business going on in the second semester rush.
Announce New Members Of Women’s Honoraiy
Squad Plays Heads Up BaU To Avenge Defeat
Jewell Young Scores 29 Points; Boilermakers Lead^ 26*14^ At Half; Gain Second Place Jewell Young led the Boilermakers to a 61-34 victory over Illinois last night at Champaign by running up a total of 29
points.
Playing an entire game that was on a par with the wild seven minutes of last Saturday’s game, the Lambertmen won thdr first victory at Illinois in eight
years. Illinois’ victory here a few weeks ago was its first in 14 years. As the action got und^r way, the fighting lllini broke into the scoring column first as Combes dropped in a free throw. This was the only part of the game that the Suckers were ahead. A few minutes
later the visitors started their scor-
Announcement of the new members of Qrchesis, women’s dancing honorary, was made yesterday by Floy Crepps. They are Eleanor Beall, Jo Cook, Barbara Gibbs, Lou ise Harry, Janis Moldahl, Anne Sufiot, Vera Sutherlin, and Pauline Swick.
ing spree and soon had the large end of a 16-3 score. Leading At Half As the half ended the score was 2^6-12. This looked like a sure bet for Purdue, but we could not forget the game with Illinois here when the Boilermakers had a similar lead and then lost. The scoring was not in proportion to the number of shots each team had as the Illinois squad had approximately 60 tries while the Purdue team had close to 80 shots. Young Ties Record By dropjting in three out of three free throws and 13 out of 33 baskets, Jewell Young tied the Big Ten scoring record for one game and raised his total number of points to 129.> While collecting this amazing mass of points. Young went through the game without a foul. In the last few minutes of the game Coach Lambert sent in Mangus, Seward, Zink and Dickinson which was all the substituting that (Continued on page 4)
Job Lecture Today At 4
Boring, Of General Electric, To TcH What The Employer Wants “How A Senior Should Interview An Employer,” the next in the series of lectures on “How To Get A Job,” will be given by M. M. Boring, who is in charge of employment of college graduates for the General Electric Company at 4:00 o’clock this afternoon in the Education Building lecture room. He will give his ideas on what an employer wants and expects in an interview. Boring speaks from
experience as he interviews hun-.
dreds of college seniors every year.
Diogenes! Ditch Your Lantern! We Have Your Man
They are calling Boyette Edwards, sophomore mechanical, “Lucky Boy Boyette.” There’s a reason. The flood lured Edwards to his home in Louisville. Like many others he wanted to see if the muddy waters had hurt his home. Walked To Louisville He reached New Albany by train and walked into Louisville from that point across the railroad bridgfe. As his home and family were in no danger he helped in relief work, paddling a canoe for a doctor who was making emergency calls throughout the flood-soaked city. It was on one of these trips that he lost his pocketbook. ’*It must have slipped out of my pocket,” Edwards guessed. “I sure hated to lose it because I had $20 in it.” Several dasrs ago Boyette received a package postmarked in Naples, N. C. In the package was his pocketbook and in the pocketbook was the $20. “I could hardly believe my eyes,” Boyette exclaimed. “Apparently the boy who owned the canoe found the pocketbook and learned my address from identification cards in it. I still can’t believe it..., but ^believe it or not,’ it’s true.”
Name MillhoUand Cotillioii Chairmaii
W. K. MillhoUand will replace T. 1C. Dickinson as chairman of the committee for the Sophomore Cotillion, annual sophomore dance to be sponsored by Skull and Crescent, according to a statement issued by W. R. Fenstermaker, president. Dickinson resigned his position be cause of his basketball activities. To fill the vacancy on the committee Fenstermaker appointed J, R. Haim erstadt.
Engineers To Hear Bearce
Joint AiEE, ASME,SAE Meeting Here Tliiirsdajr
W. D. Bearce, General Electric official from Erie, Pa., who has ms illustrious career in ind^j^ and education, wiU be the speaker at a joint meeting Of the Purdue chapters of A. I. E. E., A. S. M. E., and S. A. E. to be held Thursday evening at the Memorial Union Building. This was the word yesterday from R. K, Wddy, ’37, president of the local chapter of A. S. M. E., who stated that the 26 or more here for the Diesel Engineer conference and short Course would join with the students to hear Bearce. His topic wiU be “Diesel Electric Locomotives And Streamlined Trains.” The speaker, who is making the trip from Erie espedaUy for the Purdue meeting, has had an iUustrious career in the engmeerinlf field since his graduation firom the University of Maine in 1906. He spent two years in the test course of the G. E., and two years as an instructor in electrical engineering at the University of Pennsylvania, but returned to 6, E. in 1910 whera he has remained since. Mr. Bearce is a past president of the Erie chapter of the A. I. E. E. and is the autilor of numerous articles on transportation subjects, which he has handled the G. E. for many years. He also is the author of a book, “Heavy Electric Traction” and has spoken before many technical and studout groups. AU evening meetings are open to the puMic and will include a hi|dt speed moving picture of tiie combustion in diesel and other em^nes, which will be shown tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 168 of the Mechanical Engineering Building.
Sunmaiis To Diseii^s Dam At ASC3S
Donald MacTaren Simmensi, chief engineer of the General CaMe Gmv poration of New Tmk, wifi give an illustrated lecture b^ore a meeting of the A. S- C- E. tomorrow at 7:^ p. m., in room 201 of the Civil Bul^emcing Building on the suhlect of “Boulder Dam.” Bimmons m a graduate of Princeton, 1911, cum laude, and a member of the PM Beta pa fratemitf- He served as nmiN during the war, and is the inv^tor of Mgh voltage cahteq aiud Inhats^
^ f' i
"S .J:f: tl
h
'ffv '1/ '’h "
'>r
if
Vil
'H, - ifv'
■#-
M"'-'
1-^’' - '’'■'V'f
'V ‘
M,j!
PUM maos
Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday> Pobruary 16,1937
lEftt ^uriitte exponent
Foanded in 1883
1986 Member ASSOCIATED COI<LBGIATB PRESS Distributora of COLLEGIATE DIGEST i RBraBSMiTso non nationau AovBitrisiNa bt National Advertising Service, Inc Colhgr Pmbibkm Retresentative 't ' 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. ' ChICAOO - BOBTON - SAN FRANCIBCO ^ LobAnobleb - PonruiND - Seattle Entered as second class matter at toe post office, wtoir, 53.50 per year; delivered by carrier, 32.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents. OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street . , kaot Business Phone 5088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R, J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood. EDITORIAL STAFF StateMa^::::;;:k:xBkrortte;jf;E;Biick:XH3 Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey^ J. A. Chapin, J.R Clark jsopnomore a ^ ^ Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vwce E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O Neil WOMEN’S STAFF „ , r. l Helen Creech Associate Editow"’.Z^^^^^^ .ZZ.V'jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, BUSINESS STAFF t, t w i Business Manager f „ National Advertising Manager nr ^IW Local Advertising Manager SPORTS STAFF , j TMitor * ^food Associ^'E^s::::::.:"f:""":!"r::::""::!.":":.".w:'H rifieid, s. r. Griffiths, r. f. obenchain Issue Editor—J. R. Clark
Farewell
A person who wants to accomplish something can seldom, if ever, avoid treading on the toes of those opposed. This is one of the most important decisions facing an editor. Shall he sit back and say nothing about various situations, which are unsatisfactory in his opinion, or shall he run this risk in an attempt to accomplish his aims ? I chose the latter course upon my election last May, and it has led to my removal. This is not intended as a defense of past performances or of me as a person. I am content to let my record speak for itself, and can only hope that, as the Exponent and Purdue advance through the years, it will gradually come to be recognized that I was right. Although certain members of the board chose to disown me, they remain my friends, and I in no way hold any grudge against those who acted in honest accordance with their own opinions. As to the future, I trust that all the cooperation given me will be accorded to my successors. I hope that readers will realize that those who follow me, being necessarily of at least partially different beliefs and personality, will naturally see things in different lights. That, it seems to me, should be taken into consideration in judging the aims and accomplishments of any person in any line. I would like to express my appreciation for the fine spirit shown all through the year by the workers on the Exponent staff. Most of them have worked hard for the success of the paper, and deserve far more praise than I can give. —William T. Hunt.
Announcement
The Exponent today undergoes a change of administration; namely, the substitution of an Editorial Board of Control for the position of Editor-in-Chief. This change, which has been considered several times the last eight or ten years, will bring a corresponding modification of the policies of the paper and method of presentation. The past several months, during which the paper has been under the guidance of William T. Hunt, have brought many suggestions for changes, some of which have been valuable.
iay( tn€
characterized his work. In this respect he has received tne whole-hearted support of the present Editorial Board, despite
disagreement on method of presentation.
Cooperation of the student body and faculty has been an integral part of this paper in the past years and we hope that it may be continued under the new system. We welcome the comment and criticism of students, faculty, alumni, and others, and hope they will be freely given.—Editorial Board.
National Fingerprinting
Many times during the year you will find in news articles such statements as these “The body of an unidentified man was found lying in a ditch,” or “A woman suffering from loss of memory wandered into the twelfth district police station yesterday. Police have not been able to establish her identity.” If a national system of fingerprinting were installed, cases like the above would never exist. In the past, fingerprints have been used almost exclusively for tracking down criminals, without taldng advantage of the use that might be made of them in civil life. An excei^it from a report of J. Edgar Hoover’s Bureau of Investigation, shows the uses of non-criminal fingerprints: “The ^ssible uses of fingreprints in commercial, civil, and private life are extensive. They can be used in disputes involving identification. In the event of a catastrophe, identification IS often difficult, and in train wrecks, cai^ualties at sea and other disasters, there is often a long list of unidentified dead. In adffition, many persons suffer from amnesia or loss of memory. Pinge^rint identification would eliminate the instances in which friends and relatives, anxious to properly honor the deceased, are prevented from providing a family burial with proper religious services because of failure to establish identity.** /.J, Th^t si^teDient, in brief, shows what could be accomplished It a national system of fingerprinting were adopted. Probably reason that the system has not been adopted before is that there are a number of peopljs who associate fingerprinting only with criminals and therefore are opposed to having their own joints taken. However, in a recent nation-wide survey it was shown that 68 per cent of the people in this country are in favor of national fingerprinting. With the approval of the votere and a definite need for a national system of prints, legislative bodies could well afford to pass laws requiring everybody to be ^gerprinted and thereby establish one of the best possible systems of identification.—C. D. S.
IT HAS BEEN DONE . . . BOB PUGH, Delt Prexy, missed his first class in his college career . . . feature BOB missing two in one day . . . reason:—^very late hours on Friday night and a beautiful import . . .
WHO SENT IT ... BILL HODGDON, rosy cheeked Gimlet President, received Valentine yesterday which had writing characteristic of only the female species . . . the statement rendered was:—^“You nasty man, why don’t you give a ring . . .
ANOTHER . . . pin leaves its mooring place . . . GEORGIANNA PITTMAN, Pi fi what was a CHEM ENG once, snagged SAE, BROWER GEORGE’S diamond . . . CONGRATULATIONS GEORGIANNA, how long do you think you can keep it? ? ? ? ....
this is downrite plagiarism: if i were punished for every pun i shed i’d have to find a puny-shed in which to hang my punished head . . . OVER the WAVES.
IT FLOATED THRU THE AIR . . . a bottle, my dear boy, a bottle . . . that is what placed the nasty cut on ROGER, Kappa Sig junior, DELONG’S nose ... it happened in “a tavern in the town” Milwaukee, Wis., during the betwixt semester vacation . . .
IT’S SPRING . . . love shall be every where . . . romance takes a flare . . . KAPPAS everywhere . . . school is just a tear . . . love will never care .. . demons in the air ... no worries anywhere . . . beauty, even now is rare . . . she worries about the bill of fare . . . THETAS with an icy stare . . . men who will never dare ... a pome about her lovely hair ... a pair . . .
LEON DAILEY . . . MARY ELLEN BRIGGS ... to Gary a visiting went MARY ELLEN, one of the Sweet Shoppe's best indeed for to see ... to home she did return, with a DU pin to show around . . . for DAILEY, the former football hero, is the apple of her eye . . .
THE NEW RECORD ... BETTY JO SEXTON did have the record for endurance telephone contest on campus . . . this honor now goes to RON MURRAY, the good looking Triangle, who spent hours talking to Pi fi, MARION KIDD, the other night. . . what a call . . .
KAPPA KAPPA, kappa, in the brook I’d like to catch you With my hook, but if i did I think i’d find that i just couldn’t stand your line . . .
SOMETHING WENT WRONG . . . the MARS PASSES have not come in yet this week ... announcement of the winner of last week’s passes will be postponed until “the mystery of the lost passes” is finally solved . . .
WBAA
11:00—Music. 11:20—Newscaster, Mr. T. K. Noss. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeeping, Mr. L. G. Minnear. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Home Economics, “The Well-Shod Girl” by Miss Meta Marvin. 12:16—Luncheon Dance, featuring Bud Bryant’s Orchestra. 12:30—Scientific News Review, Dr. Carl J. Klemme. 12:46—^Noon Musicale. 1:00—Dental Forum. 1:16—^Electrical Shop. 1:30—Jim Woodruff—Guitar. 1:46—Markets, Weather. 2:00—Story Time Miss Whitestone, Centennial School. 2:16—Music With Masters. 2:46—Treasure Chest, Prof. P. E. Lull. 3:00—Music Time. 3:16—^The Apothecary. 3:30—Jefferson High School Program. 4:00—Practical Speech Problems, Prof. Monroe.
yniversity Men Attend Meeting
A number of members of the University engineering staff will go to Indianapolis-today to attend the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Society, to be held at the Lincoln Hotel there. Dean A. A. Potter, who is president of the American Engineering Council, -will speak this morning on “What A State Engineering Council Can Accomplish,” and Da-vid E. Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, -^11 speak this afternoon on “The Engineers’ Place In Community Development.” Others on the same topic immediately preceding him will be Lawrence V. Sheridan, '09, consultant for the state planning board, and M. R. Keefe, chief engineer of the Indiana Highway commission and 1902 graduate in civil engineering. Prof. D. L. Curtner, of the elec-trical-engineering staff, is -vice president, and Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp, pf the engineering schools, is secretary-treasurer of the engineering council. Prof. P. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, is president of the Indianapolis section of the A. S. M. E., and J. L. Bowman, of the electrical engineering staff, is vice president of the A. I. E. E., central Indiana section, two groups holding their meetings today in connection with the conference.
Ceres, Alpha Zeta Plan All-Ag Dance
C. M. Hardin, chancellor of Alpha Zeta, announced that Ceres, local general agricultural honorary, and Alphd Zeta, national agricultural honorary, will again coopei’ate on the “All Ag” dance to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom on March 6. This is the second annual of this affair; last year’s being the first to be organized by ag honoraries. The purpose of this event is to produce a greater social understanding between the students in this school, and the students and members of the faculty, experiment station, and extension staffs. Committees will be announced in the near future by Hardin and E. C. Miller, Ceres president. A joint meeting of the two groups will be held tomorrow evening.
Nelirly 100 Students Try Out As Announcers
Nearly one hundred applications for WBAA announcing auditions have been received. Auditions will continue throughout this week. General speech qualifications, experience, voice quality and general personality will be taken into consideration when the new announcers are chosen. Between twelve and fifteen announcers will be chosen and they will begin with preparatory work.
NOTICE TO OUR PATRONS
The following: prices will be in effect at once: Twenty-five cents per pa». sengrer to or from the Avalon. This price is the same as our city rates. Ride a Yellow for prompt service.
6023,—Phones—3071 PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB CO.
—PLUS— POPEYE
CARTOON
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
You win the pot!”
Purdue Women
Attend Meetings
Dean Dorothy Stratton and Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Hall are attending a convention of the National Association of Deans of Women at New Orleans this week. Dr. Harriet O’Shea and Dr. J, E. Walters left today for New Orleans to attend the convention of the College Personnel Association which will be held at the same time. The two conventions will hold some joint meetings throughout their session.
FRESHMAN SQUASH
TODAY 4:00—Scully vs. Eberhard. 6:00—Munro vs. Blessing. 6:30—Fuente vs. Lownie. 7:16—^Blitz vs. Simmons. 8:00—Alexander vs. Parke.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
—EXTI^A FEATURE— CECILIA PARKER
in
“BELOW THE DEADLINE” —^Plus— COMICOLOR CARTOON
FRED WMacMURRAY// W GLADYS WSWARTHOUT
.Family
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
with WEHOY’BARRIE
hiTiil
TODAY - WED. DOUBLE FEATURE
CMtu: •W/V Up “"*** 3 Mtn ,
FRANK McHUGH JOAN BLONDELL GUY KIBBEE.CAROL ? HUGHES. ALLEH JENKINS
—PLUS— First Lafayette Showing
Suicide Squad!” The film that
thrill punches Ithe a
'••“Chino gun, a drama replete with colorful adventure, love lure and uallant^ of the modem Fire Uigraue! tVhen the underdog, In tne iierson of misunderstood rookie Larry, fights against Fate for a loving girl’s sake, as heroically as he fights the flames
A picture
that
will grip
the adult I m agination and set the Kiddles yell-
ing with ex
cite
-*10TlC|^‘'8iUeidii Squad” will
■h.
J..■^5
Tuesday, Februayy 16,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermaker Netinen
Whip Iowa Five, 54-29 Lambertmen Get Going In Second Half; Roll Up 25 Points In 10 Minutes
By Bill Fifield
Coming out of their slump in the last half of their game with Iowa last Saturday night, the Boilermaker basketball squad managed to show a slightly disappointed crowd that they still knew how to play championship basketball by running up 25 points in less than ten minutes and finally winning, 54-29.
Throughout the entire first
half a great deal of time was taken by either Jewell Young or Pat Malaska in dribbling down the floor and shooting. As the time slowly passed, it looked as if the boys had forgotten that they were supposed to be plaring college ball. The Lambertmen were able to get numerous shots, but until the last part of the game, they did not seem to be able to find the basket. Had the Hawks been up to form the score might have been quite different., Having lost two of their stars, the lowans tried hard to overcome this handicap, but they were never very impressive. Downey Stars The outstanding player of the evening was Glen Downey. Playing a fine defensive game he also
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
managed to collect five baskets to tie with Young for high point man
of the game,
Lambert substituted freely /during the last part of the game, using everyone on the squad. Lineup and summary:
Purdue (54) B. Sines, f 3 Young, f 4 Anderson, c 2 Malaska, g 2 Downey, g 6 Zink, f 1 Hutt, f 0 Carnes, f 0 Holloway, f 0 Seward, c 2 O’Neil, c 0 Dean, g 1 Dickinson, g 0 Mangas, g 2 Barsha, g 0 Mihal, g 0 Swan, g 0
F. 0 2 2 1 0 3 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals 22 10 12
Iowa (29) B. F. P. Stephens, f 2 0 4 Johnson, f 2 0 1 Drees, c 2 0 3 Thompson, g-, 1 1 2 Van Ysseldyk, g 113 Bratton, f 3 0 3 Walsh, c 0 0 2 Bobby, g 2 11 Totals ■ -.18 3 19
Referee—Clarno. Umpire—Levis.
Exclusive
Vaughan's Lawnjmd Garden Seed JOHN SPERB
822?324 Ma^ Street
lOOX
loix
■llsl BM MM 19 Hh |[9
I ovEa
5-9 I0M4 I5rl9 SKM4 25r31 55r44 45-94 98^94 6W4 75
The value of street and highway safety education in the schools, especially in the lower grades, and the great need of it in the high echool grades, are shown in the ehart above. This chart, based upon findings of the Travelers Insurance Company, brings out the percentage of change in the rates of death by automobile accidents from 1922 to 1938 inclusive. (During this period when the rate of death was increasing 81 per cent for all ages combined, there was a decrease of 26 per cent in the age group of 6 to 9 years, and in the next age group of 10 to 14, the Increase was only 3 per cent. Undoubtedly the great improvement in the fatal accident experience in the ages of 6 to 9 and the very small percentage gain in the ages of 10 to 14 have been the, result of safety education in the schools and the protection
that has been afforded by traffic officers in the vicinity of schools. But in the age ^oup of 16 to 19 years, which may be regarded as the high school period, deaths from automobile accidents have Increased 180 per cent, while in the age group of 20 to 24, which may be regarded as the college period, the increase has been even greater. The bad record of deaths in these two ages points to the great need of educational efforts at a time when young people are beginning to drive cars. Many high schools now are providing such courses of instruction, and as these are extended to all high schools, it may be expected that In time the adverse experience in the high school and perhaps also In the college age groups will begin to show the improvement that must be made if coming generations of automobile drivers are to become safer drivers than many present day motorists.
Golden Gloves Finals Tonight Seven Men Will Represent University; Winners To Go To Chiciigo
With a trip to Chicago and a chance for Middle West pugilistic honors in view, seven University men are hopefully awaiting tonight’s finals of the local Golden Gloves tourney, to be held in the Lafayette Armory. These seven boxers are the members of the University squad that won in last Tuesday’s semi-finals. That these men have good chances to win toWght is shown by jbhe fact that six of the seven won their matches last Tuesday by knockouts. Tonight’s winners %ill go to Chicago on February 20 or 21 to compete in the finals there on February 22, 23, and 24. The squad’s mentor. Coach '‘Punchy” Maxwell, is confident that his men will make a good showing. He said, “These boys want to make that trip to Chicago pretty bad, and anybody that beats them will have to have the real stuff.” The seven men in tonight’s contests are 1. Markey, 112 lb’.; Steelman, 118 lb.; Hardesty 126 lb.; Lord 160 lb.; Bacharach, 160 lb.; L. Lyles 175 lb.; and Rampvtti, heavyweight.
Varsity Squash Team Defeated By Indianapolis A.
The Boilermaker squash team travelled to Indianapolis last Saturday only to suffer defeat at the hands of the Indianapolis Athletic Club squashmen by a score of 7 to 5. In the last meet with this club, which was about a month ago, the University squashmen emerged victorious by an 8 to 2 Score, so the honors are now even with one meet apiece. The twelve-man University squad was composed of seven students and five faculty members. Of the five
matches that the Gold and Black
men carried off three were won by students and two by faculty men. Those participating were Lucek, Allen, Cleyfett" Fields, Wakefield, Sokoloski, Linn, Juve, Jackson, Tz-
ucker. Knoll, and Kan*.
....choice
» By Bob Walpole Purdue’s swimming team lost a couple of Big Ten meets last weekend, but Captain Vemor shot about 100 per cent as far as he was concerned ... he took five first places in five attempts... —fc— Incidentally Vernor was coached at high school under Rockford’s high school coach Beyer who taught Ray Walters of Iowa a few pointers Walters is Big Ten champion in the 100 and 50 yard free style events . . . Vernor captured third place last year .... —^fc— We expect to have a few things to talk about in the morning . . . about the Illini game last night. . this was written before the game so it will have to wait until tomorrow ... Purdue can play clean ball, and we hope to report it as such ... —fc— The Boilermaker track squad did what Purdue track squads have been trying to do for years ... they beat Chicago in an indoor dual meet . . . —^fc— Heard tell of how sit-down strikes have grown popular, but here’s one of the best. . . the kids in a Junior High School in one of Chicago’s suburbs staged a sit-^own strike (literally) in their gym class when the instructor insisted on what the kids didn’t approve of in the way of exercise . . . things will travel . . .
Boilermaker Tank Squad Loses To Illinois, 58-26
Basketball Banquet Tickets Selling Fast
An unusually brisk advance sale for tickets to the'annual Lions’ Club banquet in Honor of the Purdue basketball team which will be held on Wednesday evening, March 3, is reported by the committee in charge of ticket sales for the affair. The con^ittee has also announced that no tickets, will be sold at the door, and that thosd planning to attend must obtain their reservations in advance in order that suitable arrangements may be made. The tickets for the evening, priced at $1.10 each, can be obtained from Lions’ Club members. Deckers’ in Lafayette, and Southworth’s, Deac’s and the Union desk in West Lafay-
ette.
BIG TEN STANDINGS
W.
L.
Pet.
Pts.
O.P.
Minnesota.
.. .6
1
.867
244
193
Purdue
6
2
.760
349
263
Illinois
....6
2
.760
285
280
Michigan.
....6
2
.714
267
216
Ohio State.
....6
3
.667
271
276
Indiana,
....6
4
.666
338
340
Northwestern 2
5
.286
230
234
Wisconsin ..
...2
5
.286
207
233.
Iowa
-.2
7
.222
278
32'4
Chicago
....6
9
.000
218
316
The Illinois tankmen opened their Big Ten swimming schedule last Saturday by beating the visiting University swimmers, 58 to 26. As in Friday’s contest with Indiana, Vernor was the outstanding man on the Boilermaker squad, winning firsts in the 50 and 100 yard free style. Tredwell placed second in the 150 yard backstroke and turned in a third in the fancy diving competition. Two Meets This Week . The University mermen have two meets scheduled for this week, one with DePauw at Greencastle on February 17, and one at the Univerjversity of Chicago Friday. The results of Saturday’s meet were as follows: 300 Yard Medley Relay—^Won by Illinois (Cutter, Alcorn, Lewis)Time 3:14.4. 220 Yard Free Style—^Won by Overman, "(I); Lowe, (I), second; Wallace (P), third. Time—2:24. 50 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor (P); Hallven (I), second; Lahey, (P), third. Time—:24.9. Fancy Diving—^Won by Ellis (I); Rotkis (I), second; Tredwell (P),
third.
100 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor (P); Brouk (I), second; Martin (I), third. Time—:55.5. 150 Yard Backstroke—^Won by Cutter (I); Tredwell (P), second; Jacobs (P), third; Time—1:49.9. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—^Won by Alcorn (I); Ingle (I), second; VanDelester (P), third. Time—^2:43.4. 440 Yard Free Style—^Won by Lowe (I); Martin (I), second; Gillis, (P), third. Time—5:24.9. 400 Yard Relay—^Won by Illinois (Overman, Hopwood, Brouk, Lewis) Time—3:46.5r
^S2ts
Lmversity 1 rack Team Breaks 20 Year Jinx
Purdue Strong In Distance Runs, Sophomores^ Defeats Chicago By 44 To 42 Score Showing the most strength in the distance mns, the Old Gold and Black track team nosed out the Universal^’ of Chicago squad for the first time in 20 years by a score of 44 to 42
last Friday at the Midway field house.
Coach Orval Martin was well pleased with the showing the
squad made, especially the
sophomores who did remarkably well for their first Big Ten competition. The Maroons were never able to catch the Purdue team, but they kept the scoring close by taking a slam in the pole vault and winning the relay. Summary: Two Mile Run—^Won by Long (P); second, Knatt (P); third, Marozick (P). Time, 10:23.8. 70-Yard High Hurdles—^Won by Newman, (C); second, Kovak (C); third, Lemen (P). Time—^9.3 sec-
onds.
880—^Yard Run—^Won by Bodeau (P); second, McElroy (C); third, Goory, (P). Time—2:2.6. Mile Relay—^Won by Chicago (Frick, Beal, Tipshus, Halcrow). Time—3:30.6. Mile Run—Won by Goory (P); second, Bodeau (P); third, Moore, (P). Time—4:88.7. 60-Yard Dash—^Won by Frick of (C); second, DeLong (P); third, Brumbaugh, (C). Time—6.6 sec-
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
}
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
BASKETBALL
TODAY Court 1—Official, Phillips 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa (B). 7:15—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi (B). 8:26—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Psi (B). Court 2—Official, Brinson 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi (B). 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha (B). 8:26—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Chi (B) Court 3—Official, Chapman 7:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon (B). 7:16—Beta Tlieta Pi vs. Kappa Del- . ta Rho (B). 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa (A).
KEYS for tranka, 4oor kdUk 4odt locka, nigiit loteliM and nadlooka. Aoto k«ri and kandlo locka a ouoeialCr. F« Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phono aSM Lafajrotlo. lad.
ends.
440-Yard Run—Won by Halerow (C); second, Terhune (P); third, Arnold (C). 'Time—61.4 seconds. High Jump—Won Iqr WilHanismi (P); second, Lemen (P); third, BeD (C). Height—6feet, 11 inches. Shot Put—^Won by Murphy (P); second, Fitzgerald (C); third, Hamity (C). Distance—44 feet, in. Pole Vault—Won by Cassels (C); second, Gordon (C); third, Lawson (C). Height—^10 feet, 6 inehes.
BIG TEN RESULTS
Minnesota, 43; Iowa, 37. Ohio State, 33; Northwestern, 30. Michigan, 55; Indiana, 31. Purdue, 61; Illinois, 34.
Ro J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Mfun Street
FRAXERNITIES AND SORORITIES
WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US.
Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT BALLROOM aASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
7:30 P.M. •
6TH & FERRY
ALLEN’S
Phone 2150
Telephones
FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
There are four telephones in separate booths maintained for the convenience of you students and your friends ... all located near the center of the Union Building. These telephones are always available for your use—^whether it be day or night. Call anywhere locally free of charge. The telephones are placed and maintained for you. Use them? Please observe 3 minute maximum.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of Campu«->-Contor ActivitymW
me 8|' K'? i I p|i! |;| t| ' p. ^ i ilr i4 %• li* /- iff ' ■V^ i|| r f It'-^ y
ISE£&
tHB PURPUB IXPbNBNT
Dukes To Discuss Ways, Means To Prevent War Prof. R. G. Dukes, dean of the Purdue Graduate School, will lead a discussion on “Ways And Means Of Preventittg War,” tomorrow evening, at 7:30 o’clock in room B of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. The program is a part of the Multiproforum series and is open to the public.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779i
Zufall Speaks Tonight On Patent Medicines Prof. C. J. Zufall, of the school of pharmacy, will speak tonight on “The Truth About Patent Medicine” according to announcement made by Fred Bollman, chairman of the local committee on adult education. The lecture will be given in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m.
Purdue Smashes Illinois In Fast Game Continued from page 1)
was done by the Boilermakers during the game. Purdue (61) FG FT TP Young, f 13 3 29 Sines, f 6 0 12 Zink,f Oil Anderson, c 2 2 6 Downey, g 2 4 8 Mangas, g 0 0 0 Malaska, g 116 Totals 26 * 11 61 Illinois (34) FG FT TP Boudreau, f 1 1 3 Blout, f 10 2 Combes,! 2 2 6 Cooley, f 0 0 0 Riegel, c 2 3 7 Swanson, f-c 3 2 8 Vopicka, g 12 4 Nesbit, g 0 0 0 Henry, g 10 2 Wardley, g 0 2 2 Totals „11 12 34 Score at half: Purdue, 26; Illinois, 12. Personal fouls — Anderson, 3; Downey, 3; Mangas, 2; Sines, 2; Malaska; Henry, 2; Wardley, 2; Combes, 2; Blout; Cooley; Riegel, Swanson. Free throws missed — Downey; Sines; Riegel, 2; Combes; Boudreau. Referee—Lyle Clarno (Bradley); umpire—^Lloyd Larson (Wisconsin).
BQSSUNG Shoe Repidr Shop !■ the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
P
iRINTING
^OOCN
^RVICE _ _ one* f miomnf. VaddBag iBvitMeM
— Mm iooln. Etc..,
-^62 8 CASSEL'S 4oti-iiud
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Lost—^Brown variegated fountain pen in the tower room of the Union Call 4883.
Lost—One pair of girls brown knit gloves in Union ballroom on Thursday. Return to P. I. A. office.
Room For Rent—^Very desirable room with twin beds. Will accept services for rent. Phone 66642.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits $4 to $16 each. Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 N. 6th street.
Wanted—Sax men—Alto, tenor, baritone; must be union or willing to organize. Call Bob Kelley, 71064 immediately.
For Rent—Double room for students. Twin beds. 214 West Columbia. Phone 61924.
Wanted—Upperclassman to share large downstairs room at 217 Pierce.
Sarreyinv—^Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. ‘ —TODD.
Alpha Phi Omega—Installation of ofiicers and business .meeting February 17 in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. —KUECK.
W. A. A. Badminton—Games to be played February 16 at 4 p. m.: Florence Senour vs. Georgia Halstead; Lillian Davis vs. Margaret Jenkins. At 4:30 p. m. Katharine Mounce vs. Margaret Crankshaw; Mary Tov^nsend vs. Treva Berry. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Ping Pong-^ames must be played and recorded by February 15 at 5 o’clock. Rieth vs. McDermid; -GoSsard vs. Lockner, and 'Boehm vs. Randall. —MAIER.
P. O. M. M.—All members and pledges report to Armory at 4:16 p. m., February 16 in formal uniform for pledging ceremony. —McCANDLESS.
Reamer Club—Important meeting February 16 at 7:00 o’clock in room D of the Memorial Union Building. —BUXTON.
Captain Hayford in the Cadet Of> ficers* Room at 11 a. m. (2) The 2nd Bn. 2nd, PFA less E-2 will form in the hall of the sdtond floor of the Arniory (Batteries in line) and then assemble in Room 201 for instruction for the Military Carnivhl, i 3) H-2 is attached to the Ist PFA. 4; A-2 is attached to the 1st PFA. 6) B-2 is attached to the PFA. 6) C-2 is attached to the 4th PFA. 7) E-2 will report to Boom 206 at 11 a. m. C The 3rd PFA with B-2 attached will form at 11 a. m. in the Armory for 26 minutes instruction in the Regimental Parade. D The 4th PFA with C-2 attached will form north of the Armory at ll':20 a. m., and will enter the Armory at 11:26 for 26 minutes instruction in calisthenics. (Jn case of inclement weather the regiment will form in the north end of the Armory initially).
Freshman and Sophomore Union Workers —^Will my freshman committee and the following members of my sophomore committee please meetJn the 'Union office Tuesday, February 16,) at 4 p. m., Jacobson, Millholland, Lind^en, Zimmer, Luskot. —PUTZE.
Sophomore Union Workers—Will the following members of our committees meet in the Union office February 16, at 4 p. m. Martin, Fowler, Clral, Hopkins, Schumaker, M. Craig, E. Callison. , —RIETH.
F. Eastburn, M. Craig, B. Kernel, R. Johnson, G. Schmidt, Julian. —McLEOD.
M. Wood, E. 'Turner, M. Reed, M. Muterspaugh, E. Herman, R. McConnell, M. Groves. —MYTINGER.
STUDENTS/.. . Its your Laundry “done by the pound.”
er to
This IS the type, of laundry seryits hundreds el stii" dsiits havs adopted.
J. Forgey, P. Grossman, M. Norman, M. White, M. Jones, L. Callison, F. Reith. —PERKINS.
Sophomore Union Workers—Will Ithe following members of my committee meet in the workshop of the Union Building February 16, at 4 p. m., Cabonargi, Reininga, Quinn, Troutman, Schreiber, Taylor, M. Wood, M. White. —PFORZHEIMER.
Fraternities—Those fraternities whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
Freshmen Union Committees—'The following freshmen committees have been assigned for the remainder of the semester. Pfrozheimer— W. W. McElyea, G. E. McCoy, R. P. McConnell, M. D. Ross, J. W. Harper, W. G. Cantley, R. E. Burkholder, E. Hannifin, R. L. Hamilton, R. W. Hallett,,H. W. Boyd, Virginia Beck, Mary Ellen Foresman, Ruth Hall, Katherine MdiincC, Marian Phillips, and Margaret Sexton. Wiegandt— D. L. Brubeck, R. Brown, K. Blessing, R. Blackmore, D. Madden, R. A. Lynch,
W. B. Lutz, L. A. Luth, H. E. Hadd, B. E. Long, D. E. Lewis, Betty Bennett, Rosemary Godman, Dorothy Hardin, Marietta Ohmann, Evaughn Price, Caroline Singer, and Ruth Zimmerman. Reid— A. H. Card, B. B. Fugate, A. H. Exton, C. T. Engeman, G. M. Garcina, J. Lawler, R. N. Kessler, J. A. Kerwin, F. B. Kelsey, L. G. Drabing, R. C. Kany, P. F. Cooper, Elizabeth Barnes, Willamine Grace, Natalie Hawkins, Marion Patterson, Ruth Randall, Naima Smith, and Sara P. Wynn. Rieth— J. M. Martin, U. H. Mytinger, "W. M. Cox, H. N. Jones, C. E. Jones, J. R. Jarvis, J, Hulvershorn, W. Diffley, L. B. Didier, J. I. Dean, J. Daley, R, C. Henry, J. Patterson, Harriette Billings, Jane Tleig, Dorothy Hewitt, Dorothy Miller, Kathryn Rhynearson, and Margaret Stocker. Stallings— J. H. Musson, P. E. Schaub, W. J. Sanders, E. H. Boepstorff, J. A. Richardson, L. S. Reed,_W. B. Rectenwall, H. V. ^schke, L. A. Pidgeon, J. R. Phister, F. Hartman, D. S. Hartman, Catherine Cooley, Lucy DCmaret, Dorothy Johnson, Margaret Mathes, Arline Rotherberger, Louise Schicker, Jean Stolz. Claypole— , B. L. Page, R. L. Oblinger, G. M. Ober-
holtzer, H. Ncvison, H. W. Nervin, J. M. Rice, B. P. Mullett, F. M. Morgan, E. L. Molzaher, O. Miller, W. C. Mertz, B, B. Harruf, Margaret Crankshaw, Joanne Edson, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McLaughlin, Margaret Schatzinger, Georgeanne Schieling, and Georgia Walker, Sheetz— H. W. Rhodehamel, R. A. Stapleton, L. E. Morrison, N. G. Terry; J. D. Hardin, D. A. Wright, A. F. White, J.-L. Wilson, J. R. Williamson, J. J. Werst, J. 'Watson, W, T. Cushing, Frances Bradshaw, Thais Crepps,. Emalee Hubbard, Mary J. Laramor, Barbara Roderick, Caroline Scott, and Betty 'Wickard. • Putze— C. F. Sopcak, R. H. Van Landingham, N, Thompson, T. Ryan, A. R. Thomas, H. G. Telford, J. G. Swinney, R. C. Stroup, <3. J. Smith, H. C. Schryver, E. 'W. Schilling, J. Curtis, Janet Burton, Glenora Cullipher, Janet Humphreys,. Marian Long, Janet Roper, Ella Lou Sexon, and Carolyn Willianfs. Scatterday— F. C. Lewis, T. A. Levy, W. S. Bixler, L. S. Reed, W. Leffler, M. L. Billings, B. Batten. T. A. Ambre, G. W. Allen. F. 6. Fultz, B. C. Gamive, R, I. Comms, Bernadine Barnes, Virginia Gould, Enid Baker, Mary Oliver, Frances Raebig, Muriel
Smith, Marilyn Wray, Perkins— Bernadine Barnes, Betty Bennett, Janet Burton, Thais Crepps, Joanne Eds6n, RMemary Goodman. Ruth Hall, Natalie Hawkins, Janet Humphreys, Mary Jane Laramore, Mary McLaughlin, Manetta Ohmann, Marian B. Phillips, Ruth Randall, Janet Roper,. Louise Schickler, Ella Lou Sexon, Muriel Smith, Jean Stolz, and Carolyn Williams. Mytinger— « Elizabeth Barnes, Harriette Billings, Catherine Cooley, Glenora Cullipher, Jane Fleig, Virginia Gould, Dorothy Hardin, Dorothy Hewitt, Marian Long, Dorothy Miller. Mary F. Oliver, Evaughn Price. Katherine Rhynearson, Arline Rothenberger, Georgeanne Schilling, Margaret Sexton, Nalmg Smith, Georgia Walker, Marilyn Wray, and ■ j Ruth Zimmerman. McLeod—. Virginia Beck, Frances Bradshaw, Margaret Cranksha^ Lucy Demaret, Mary Ei-^ len Foresman, Willamine Grace, Enid G. Baker, Emalee Hubbard, Althea Jorgeson, Margaret Mathes, Katherine Mounce, Marion Patterson, Frances Raebig, Barbara Roderick, Margaret Schatzinger, Caroline Scott, Carolyn Singer, Margaret Stocker, Betty Wickard, and Sarah P, Wynn. —SCHOLER.
1 Barbara Stanwyck says: "Luckies make a hit with my throat”
Fencing Tournament—February 16 at 4:30 p. m. Dorothy Hewitt vs. Harriet Bill ings, Ruth Angert vs. Eugenie Little, Jean nette McDougall vs. Virginia Beck, June Hosack vs. Joanne Edson, Pat Clymer vs, Jane Myer, Mary Helm vs. Naima Smitt, Gaby Roe vs. Angeline Brattick, Barbara Cook vs. Mary Schilling, Louise Daniel vs. Josephine Cook. All contestants must be there exactly at 4:80 or forfeit match. —BEKO.
_ Athletic Officers—All cadet officers assigned as athletic officers by B-1 memorandum dated February 12, report to the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 p, m. February 16. —KURTZ.
Pi Tau Sigma—^Important meeting of Pi Tau Sigma in the Memorial Union Build, ing at 7:00 p. m. February 16. —WAIT,
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Short meeting February 16 at 6 o’clock in the office. —FELDT.
Military Boxing—^All men signed up for M. T. Boxing in 116, 126, 136, and 146 lb, classes will report to the Memorial Gymnasium February 16 at 4 p. m., for preliminary bouts. —KURTZ.
Triton Club—The following members of the Triton Club meet at 6 o’clock February 16 in the Women’s Gym: Barbara Cott, Josephine Cott, Campbell, Hunter, Long, Phillips, Roderick. —TODDS,
W. A. A. Volleyball—Juniors vs. Seniors in large gym, and Freshmen A team vs. Sophomores in small gym at 4 p. m. February 16. —THATCHER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Yiae West Lafayette Phone 4965
Flying Club—Meeting in the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock February 17 Important business for shareholders. —SMITH.
Purdue Dairy Club And Short Course Students—^Meeting in Smith Hall February 16 at ,7:80 p. m. Talk on “How To Produce Quality Cream.’’ Election of officers. —SCHLOSSER,
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is an we do, but we do It wdl Opposite Poet OlBee WaUace Block 822 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental CTinic DM. PAUL A. aiBE Da BAROLD J. BIBK oa MOBEMT a. «8K Da UnjBOCM A. BUIK 400 ScholU Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL .Bfercbant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4tb and Ferry
Engineering Drawing Condition Examinations—A make-up examination for the removal of “Conditions” and “Incompletes' in engineering drawing, P. M. 11 and P. M. 12j will be given February 20, from 1 to 4 in room Michael Golden Shops. Bring permit for removal of “C” or “1." —RISING.
Alpha Zeta, Ceres—-Joint meeting February' 17 at 7 ;80 p. m. in the Memorial Un ion Building. —MILLER, HARDIN. Military Photographs—^The following pho. tograplu of the staffs and colors will be taken in front of the Armory February 16, at the times indicated: 11:00 a. m.—Regular Staff, 4th P. F. AIst Bn. staff, 4th P. F. A. 2nd Bn. Staff 4th P. F. A. 11:10 a. m'—Brigade Staff. 11:16 a. m.—Regular Staff. 2nd P. F. A. 1st Bn. staff, 2nd P. F. A. 2nd Bn staff, 2nd P. F. A. 11:80 a. m.-—Colors with color bearers and color guards of all regiments and brigades. 11:86 a. m.—Regular Staff, 8rd P. P. A. 1st Bn staff, 8rd P. F. A. 2nd Bn. staff, 8rd P. P. A. 11:46 a. m.—Regular Staff, Ist P. P, A1st Bn. staff, Ist P. P. A. 2nd Bn, staff, Ist F. F. A. —KURTZ.
Schedule for Corps Formation February 16 A (1) The Ist PFA less E-1 with H-2 and A-2 attached will form in Fowler Hall. (2) H-2 will assemble in the E-1 ppsition. (8) A-2 will assemble on the west side of the main floor. (4) E-1 will report to Room 108 of the Armory at 11 a. m. B (1) The staffs of the'2nd PFA and the ‘ Ist Bn. And PFA will report to
**Whfin talking pictures arrived, my stag^ experience on Breadway gave me my chance on die screen. Taking care of my throat became serious business with me, so I changed to Luckies—a light smoke. Of course 1 smoke other cigarettes now and then but sooner or later I come back to Luckies, They make a hit with my throat and also with my taste,**
RKO RADIO FICTURES’ STAR NOW APPEARING IN ‘THE PLOUGH AND THE STARS'*
jAlu independent survey was made re^ntly among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke. Miss Stanwyck verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artljsts of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. That^s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh Irritants removed by the exclusive process 'It's Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat*
THE FINECT TOBACCOS— «THB CREAM OF THE CROP»»
A Light Smoke ’’It’s Toasted’—Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Copyrlfbt 198L Tbs Aiutriein Tobacco Compsiiy
llv: