} f V * ^
Purdue
TUESDAY
April 11,1939
Senior Eds To Hear Rice ^9 5taff •r II ai * T j Members Honor Talk On Matriage Today seniors At Dinner
Dr. Thurman B. Rice, chairman of the Indiana State Board of Health, will deliver the fourth of a series of five marriage lectures before senior men only in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room at 4 o’clock this afternoon.
Dr. Rlce’S SUbjeCt Will be “Mar-
PIA Will Vote For Officers April 18 In Union Building Dance, Banquet Are Scheduled April 21 Purdue Independent Association Avill choose officers for the coming year by popular vote of the entire organization on Tuesday^ April 18. Any PIA member will be eligible to vote upon presenting his membership card and passport at the voting booth in the great hall of the Union. Officers to be chosen are president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, and co-ed executive. Candidates for president are Jerry Hinshaw and Don Rice, both juniors on the PIA board. The newly elected officers will be introduced and installed at the annual PIA Spring Banquet April 21, at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. The banquet will be open to all members and their guests. The charges for the affair will be announced later. Following the banquet will be the Spring Formal dance, from 9 to 12 p. m. For men, regular summer formal dress will be in order although white trousers and dark coats will be acceptable. Marionette Group To Record Script With sets, characters and script for “Treasure Island” nearing completion, the newly formed Marionette Club, under the auspices of the Playshop, is issuing a call for persons interested in trying out for the 21 characters required for the production. All parts will be recorded along with Sound effects on records, and hence only 10 voices will be needed. Those interested should report to Ed Grier in the tower room of the Union Thursday, at 2 p. m.
riage as Seen by a Male Physician.” Dr. Rice has met with student approval in former years, having spoken at seven of the eight annual series, missing only the first
year.
Dr. Rice is considered an authority on the medical aspects of marriage, having prepared a paper on the subject for the American Medical Association. Dr. Elizabeth Strauss will give the last marriage lecture for men Tuesday afternoon, April 18, in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room. She will address the co-eds that evening. Puckett Will Speak On Teaching Tonight Dr. R. C. Puckett, principal of Chicago lieights high school, will address teachers and all those interested in education who are expecting to enter the fields of school administration, teaching, or extracurricular activities at a meeting in room 201 of the Education Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. Dr. Puckett is considered an authority in the field of school administration and extra-curricular activities. A member of last year’s summer session faculty. Dr. Puckett is scheduled to teach here again this coming session. G. E. Davis, head of the Teachers’ Placement Service, who is in charge of the meeting, stated last night that all teachers in and around Lafayette are welcome to attend. DuPont Representaiive Talks To 70 On Neoprene Russell Smith, ChE ’34, addressed 70 chemical engineering students on neoprene and its recent developments in room 109 of Heavilon Hall yesterday afternoon. Smith, a representative of the DuPont company, used slides and examples of his products to illustrate his lecture. The meeting was sponsored by the student branch of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers.
Dr. J. Holmes MarHn Gives Main Address More than 210 agricultural alumni and staff members feted the 140 graduating seniors of the school of agriculture at a banquet in the Union ballroom last night. Sponsored annually by the Agricultural Alumni Association, this banquet is held in honor of Ag seniors, treating them to a free banquet and formally taking them into the alumni group. Dr. J. Holmes Martin, newly appointed director of regional poultry research project at East Lan-
Speaker
Ten New Bowling Alleys In Union Opened To Public During Vacation
By Rollo De Hoog
Ten new bowling alleys, first of the Union additions to be completed, were opened for use a week ago Monday, April 3, during spring vacation. Work was started on this $67,000 project on October 15 and took a little over months to complete.
The ten new alleys lie just north of the present alleys, facing in the opposite direction. This brings the total number of Union alleys up to 15. Seating capacity for players and observers has been almost quadrupled. One hundred and fifty people may now be seated at one time as compared with about 36 in
the old alleys.
Modern Air Conditioning Air conditioning has been done in a super-modern manner. Air is drawn in by fans located in thei southeastern part of the Union subbasement, and passed through an oil filter to remove all solid particles. Before and after reaching the oil filter the air is passed on through two sets of steam heated coils to warm it to any desired
temperature.
In the distribution of the fresh air use has been made of the perforated celetex acoustical tile that line the ceiling of the entire addition. The fresh, warm air is blown through three ducts to the empty apace above the ceiling, passes on (See BOWLING, page 2)
1/ Exponent
Lafayette. Indiana
Vol. 50
ilo. 153
Alumni Association Presents Plans For Annual Gala Week
Visitors Will View University At Work During Three-Day Program, May 5-7 Plans for Gala Week, the annual period of festivities at which the University honors its returning alumni, were announced Friday by E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association. Extending over three days. May 5, 6, and 7, the program will begin with an “Open House ” on Friday afternoon. May 5, at which parents and the general public will be invited to view the University actually at work.
Dr. J. Holmes Martin
sing, Mich., and a University graduate of 1917, gave the main address. Dr. Martin is Grand President of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity and was an instructor on the poultry staff at the University of Kentucky for 21 years. In giving seniors a bit of his philosophy, well flavored with illustrative stoi’ies, he advised them that success is the easy road, failure the hard way. “My formula for success consists of 10 per cent information, 10 per cent inspiration, and 80 per cent perspiration,” he said. “But,” he cautioned, “as the all-knowing senior, do not make the mistake of becoming a fugitive from information.” » Toastmaster V. C. Freeman, acting Dean of Agriculture, introduced members of the Board of Trustees who were in attendance and Board Chairman Dave Ross gave seniors a few words regarding University obligations. Prof. Leroy Hoffman officially welcomed the group into the Agricultural Alumni Association and Prof. 0. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department, represented the faculty. Responding, Senior Howard Stonaker voiced appreciation and in turn introduced classmates who had achieved enviable scholastic and ex-tra-curricular records during their University careers.
HaakeToSpeakOn 'Human Engineering' This Morning At 10 Dr. Alfred P. Haake, representing the National Association of Manufacturers, will address senior engineering students on “Human Engineering” in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room at 10 o’clock this morning. The meeting will be open to the public. Dr. Haake was forced to delay his college education for eight years by lack of finances. When he did matriculate, he completed a six year course in four years, and had also earned $1,800 above his expenses by speaking as a student pastor. Dr. Haake obtained his doctor’s degree from the Univex-sity of Wisconsin, where he taught for eight years. He later accepted a post as head of the department of economics at Rutgers. ' Dr. Haake left Rutgers to enter the advertising field, and accepted his present position as directing head of the National Association of Furniture Manufacturers. Ludberg Will Lead Final Co-op Forum The last in a series of classes for those interested in the co-operative movement will be held from 7 to 8 tomorrow evening at the Wesley Foundation House on State street. James Ludbei'g will act as chairman for the discussion. Other speakers in the panel discussion besides Ludberg include Don Smith, Edward Brown and Miss Claire Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women. The subject for the discussion will be “The Future of the Purdue Co-operative Association.” After the discussion the meeting will be thrown open and questions and comments from the floor will be in order. Rev. McFadden, urges all those who desire to be considered for places in co-op houses next year to attend.
During the afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock, schools of agriculture, home economics, military, and biology departments. University Airport, Fieldhouse, and the Library will be opened to public while the class work is under way. Men’s and Women’s Residence Halls will also be open for inspection at that time. Engineering Demonstrations In the evening from 7 to 10 p. m. there will be demonstrations by engineering schools, and the departments of physics and chemistry. Visitors may also inspect the University Power Plant in the evening. Gala Week activities will continue Saturday evening with a program and dinner celebrating the seventieth birthday of the University. George Ade, playwright and author, and John McCutcheon, cartoonist, both of the class of ’89, will be guests of honor. Baccalaureate Services Sunday afternoon will be baccalaureate services for seniors, at which President Alan Valentine, of the University of Rochester, will deliver the address. Some other highlights of the three day program will be the annual freshman egg show, Indiana-Pur-^ due baseball games, and International “P” men’s banquet. The banquet will have 1938-’39 basketball captain Gene Anderson as toastmaster, and Elmer Oliphant, former All-American halfback as principal speaker. Future Farmers Group To Meet Here This Week Indiana Association of Future Farmers, an organization of boys enrolled ih vocational agricultural classes, will hold their tenth annual state convention on the campus on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Bridge Tourney Opens Thursday; 68 Team Limit Set Official Entry Blanks Due By 1 p. m. Thursday First session of the all-campus contract bridge tournament will be held Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. The tournament is open to all students. However, play will be by teams of four only. Fifty-eight teams have already signed up, but a member of each team must still go to the west desk of the Union and fill out an official entry blank before 1 p. m. Thursday. Blanks will be available beginning at noon today. Final entry \ list will be limited to 68 teams and in the event that more sign up they will be accepted in the order in which the official entry blanks are received. »The contest will be arranged in such a way that all teams compete in three of the sessions, with six squads meeting in the fourth for the championship playoff. Appropriate awards or trophies will be made to the winners and the runners-up. The tournament is being run by Julius Borne, Lafayette bridge professional. Easter Is Moving Day For Pi Phis ■ Members of Pi Beta Phi sorority moved into their new house at the corner of Russell and State streets on Easter Sunday. Although the downstairs is not completed, student rooms on the second and third floors are now accommodating 36 girls. Remaining furnitufe will be removed from the old house, located at 171 Littleton street, as soon as the living room and dining room floors in the new house are finished. L. S. Ayres of Indianapolis is doing the interior decorating. According to Cora Case, Pi Phi house mother, Carl Kettlehut, local contractor, has purchased the old house and will convert it into an apartment building.
Gold Peppers, Activities Honorary, Pledges 25 Coeds At Dance March 31
Campus Remains Active During Spring Vacation
During the past spring vacation week while most students were resting at home, life at the University continued unabated despite the deserted campus. A resume of
the week follows. New Discovery
Prof. Henry B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, announced the discovery of a new powerful and cheap explosive at the 97th annual meeting of the American Chemical Society in Baltimore, Md., Monday, April 13. The explosive is made by chemical synthesis of air, steam, and natural gas. Prof. Hass was aided in his research by H.J. Hibsh-
man and E. H. Pierson. Grocers Convene
Hundreds of bottles of Coca-Cola, gallons of chilled tomato juice in paper cups, and plentiful amounts of cookies and other foods were given to everyone Sunday, Monday,
and Tuesday in Union ballroom. Occasion was the ninth annual convention of the Indiana Retail Grocers and Meat Dealers Association Inc., which met here for a threeday conference. Dr. Van Lone Dies While attending the annual installation dinner of the Optomist Club in the Union Wednesday at 8 p. m.. Dr. E. S. Van Lone, professor of genetics, died suddenly of a heart attack. Van Lone graduated from Wisconsin and also received his master’s and PhD degree from Wisconsin. He has been with the University since 1932. ROTC Transfers Army orders received from Washington Saturday announced the transfer of Major Frank E. Kauffman, field artillery, from Madison
Barracks, N. Y., to service with the ROTC here. Similar orders Monday gave notice of the transfer of Captain Bernard A. Torney, field artillery. Fort Hoyle, Maryland, to duty here. WSGA, PIA Conventions WSGA and PIA representatives journeyed to national conventions in Lawrence, Kan., missing each other a few days. Treva Berry and Ruth Hall attended April 3, 4, and 6, for WSGA, discussing WSGA and its functions. Preceding the coeds, six PIA delegates left the Univerrity on Thursday, March 30 for a week-end at the NISA convention. Housing Conference Student government, study conditions, and the counseling problem were topics of discussion for representatives of mid-western col-
By Fairie Totten “Nineteen upperclasswomen were announced as pledges to Gold Peppers, co-ed activity honorary, at a St. Patrick’s Day dance last night,” thus reads the March 16, 1935, issue of the
Exponent.
Today we publish the following list of 26 junior co-eds whom (Sold Peppers pledged at its dance Mardi
31:
Elizabeth Barnes, Treva Berry, Catherine Cooley, Thais Crepps, Lucy Demoret, Ruth Hall, Patricia Heine, Charlotte Lochner, Joy Johnson, Althea Jorgeson, Margaret Mitchell, Mary Frances McLaughlin, Martha Moorhead. Mary Petticrew, Frances Baebig, Margaret Sauer, Caroline Scott, Georgann Schilling, Louise Schickler, Margaret Stocker, Ann Sickman, Georgia Walker, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough, and Parker Wynn. Organized in 1927 Gold Peppers, athletic booster and activities honoraiy, was organized by Mortar Board in 1927 as a sister organization to Gimlet Club. Pat Judah, Gimlet, better known on the campus as “Proxy’s Pet” conceived the idea of such an organization. The distinctive insignia of the or^ (See GOLD PEPPERS, page 3)
leges and universities attending the Men’s Residence Conference Monday and Tuesday. In addition to the University, schools represented included Illinois, Indiana. Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Noi’thwestern, Ohio State, Wisconsin, Miami, DePauw, Earlham, and Michigan
State.
Ross, Hazelfon David E. Ross, of Ross Gear, was elected vice-president for industry of the National Farm Chemurgic Council on Monday, April* 3. The council will meet in Columbus, 0., May 19 and 20. The four-day convention of the Midwest Physical Education Association ended on Saturday, April 1, with the election of Prof. Helen Hazelton of the University as head for the coming year. (See VACATION, page 4)■ ' : ■'■ '■ '•■ '1' ''
^Sidu/liLlL .
^dlibfdeiL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 11, 1939
Gddfish Gulping... . . . seems to have taken the place of the traditional raccoon coat as a symbol of collegiateism. We had thought this new and popular sport (probably inspired by the song “Hold Tight”) was confined to the eastern schools until we picked up a copy of the University Daily Kansan and read on page one how a student at the University of Kansas planned to swallow 32 live goldfish at a sitting. A Boston College undergraduate had the previous record of 30. ' On page two of this same newspaper we found an editorial justifying the new sport and defending it against criticisms offered by animal rescue leagues. Since this editorial covers the ethical and moral points of goldfish gulping very admirably, we have taken the liberty of reprinting it. . . realizing that at Purdue a more appropriate and more representative sport would be slip-stick swallowing. Haw Does AFish Feel, Anyway? “Now that somebody has brought up the subject, just how does a fish feel? “Like a lot of other things, a fish’s feelings were taken more or less for granted by most people until yesterday, when Robert F. Sellar, president of the Boston Animal Rescue League, protested against the current craze of goldfish gulping by college students. Possibly he will some day take his place among the immortals for having said, ‘Nobody knows how a fish feels.’ “in its broader psychological aspects, the questions of how a goldfish feels offers much about which to conjecture. It may be safely concluded, however from innumerable observations that a goldfish’s emotive behavior is just a bit disappointing. None has yet been kiiown to weep from sorrow, curse with anger, or laugh at something funny—which would indicate no sense of humor. As a matter of fact, a goldfish does little more, than emit complete boredom, and being a bore, what he suffers at the hands of an ambitious college student is no more than what any bore deserves. “It follows then, though somewhat illogically, that the gobbling of goldfish is perfectly permissible from a moral and ethical point
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post oAHm In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of Ma«h 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage pipyl&d for In section 1108, act of Octoher 8, 1917, anthorls^ Jannary 20, 1922. Pnhllshed dally except hfonday during the regular academic year and weekly during me Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief.— Business Manager
H. I. Stanback .R. R. Hensler
Managing Editor.
City Editor.
PUBLICATION STAFF
..L. S. Hardin .D. A. Bail^
uiiy jiaiior —•••;—Vi"";;—Vi"—^ « Associate Editors_0. W. FrederlA, K. O. Homton, R B. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlfj R. Be^, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D.. Heiple, B. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, 0. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.,
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager .....B, M- i^tOTlni Circulation Manager -"-W F. Bere Sales Manager—.'J— -V. Itaugherty National Advertising Manager-.— —K. W. Nevin Accounts Manager ®1“**** Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald .J. A. Hebbeler. R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
Editor Associate Elditors-
Editor Associate Editors
RBPBESENTED FOB NATIONAL AOVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. CHICAGO • Boston • Lbs Angeles - san Francisco This newspaper Is written, edited, and published by undergraduate Btudenta of Purdue University* All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinionSp and do not necessarily coincide with the official UnU versity viewpoint* All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. Night Editop—Terrip Issue Editor—Thompson Tuesday, April 11, 1939
Ag Grad Coaches Livestock Judging Hughston D. Elijah, Ag ’37, now professor of animal husbandry at the University of Missouri, was the coach of the winning livestock judging team at the Southwestern Livestock show recently held in Port Worth, Tex. Elijah is probably the youngest man ever to coach a collegiate livestock judging team winning a title in major competition in the middle west. He was a member of the Purdue livestock judging team which won the contest in Chicago in 1936.
Bowling(Continued from page 1)
through the perforation and is so distributed evenly throughout the entire room. Stale air is taken out of the building through 10 fairly large ducts directly above the ends of the alleys. Included in the air conditioning system are arrangements for passing the air over coils copied by refrigeration. The system lacks only a compressor to be complete for use in warmer weather. Appearance of the room itself is very modern. Two rows of neat pillars, composed of five arches each, extend the length of the alleys separating the alleys into groups of four on each side and two in the middle. Union Borrows 55 Per Gent As part of the $1,050,000 PWA building program, which pays for 45 per cent of all the new campus buildings, the Union has boi’rowed 65 per cent which they have to pay by selling bonds. The Union expects to, repay all of these bonds for the entire Union investment within 17 years, according to L. M. Vallely, Union manager.. The five old bowling alleys have been completely resanded and shellacked to put them in first class condition. "V^en interviewed, Ralph Stuckey bowling alley manager, admitted that he did not know in what direction some future bowling alley addition might be built.
Shelia Brent
By Betty Wickard Show: “Made For Each Other.” Where: Mars .Theater. When: Today and tomorrow. Carole Lombard, the girl who first won fame in Mack Sennett’s pie-throwing comedies, makes good as the young wife of James Stewart in her first straight dramatic role. Carole uses her tragic mouth and great, sad eyes to advantage, while Jimmy Stewart’s tall lanky boyishness is particularly appealing. All the trials and tribulations of a typical young married couple, including an interrupted honeymoon, mother-in-law trouble, and the important dinner for the boss are woven into the plot. The story builds up to a powerful climax when Carole ahd Jimmy’s baby contracts pneumonia and the needed serum is carried by a “mercy plane” through a raging blizzard. The heartbreak of the young couple is portrayed with sympathetic understanding. Brigham Young and his Mormon followers live again in a short subject based on the great exodus of the sect to Utah and the miracles wrought there. An “Our Gang” comedy and newsreel complete the bill. Music Preliminaries Begin Here June 17 A state-wide music festival, from which winners will be chosen to compete in the Chicagoland Music Festival, will be held here at the University on Saturday, June 17. Entries wilT be provided for choruses, both male and female and mixed groups, for individual vocalists, for instrumentalists, drum corps, baton twirlers and bands. According to present plans, the various groups will compete in the’ preliminaries that day in separate campus buildings before judges from other state universities and colleges. The finals which will be open to the public, will be held that same evening in the University Fieldhouse.
of view. However, one must not overlook the fear-reaching and possibly drastic consequences of such reversion to pelicanism. Then, too, there is always .the possibility that what is now lightly looked upon as the pastime of a few eccentrics may, in the future, affect the lives of many. Remember, for example, what Mah Jong or Walkathons or Endurance Flying or Tree Sitting or a game called Monopoly did to America.”
As Ellie May in “Tobacco Road” Seats for “Tobacco Road,” which John Barton arid his associate artists will present at the Mars theatre on Saturday, April 22, for two performances matinee and night, go on sale tomorrow at the Mars theatre box office. The return engag^ent of this famous stage play will bring back to Lafayette the most successful drama of the last 20 years. The company to be seen here is the only one on tour and is in Milwaukee this week. It is scheduled to open an engagement at the World’s Fair in San Francisco late in the spring. John Barton, the Jeeter Lester, has given more than 600 performances of the role and his portrayal has been praised by the drama(;ic critics of the country from Philadelphia to Los Angeles. The two chief feminine roles are played by Sara Perry as Ada and by Patricia Quinn as Sister Bessie, the evangelist. Seats for the return engagement are at a popular scale, 75 cents to one dollar and a half in the evening and 50 cents to one dollar at the matinee.
... funny thing, being back here in school. Wonder how I got here? Oh yeah, five bucks penaltsf fee! Oh, well, can sleep today . . . even might miss a couple of classes." And being back here again gives us a little reminder of those little fraternity pins. . . . that happened to be planked on the fairer sex. See that the Fred Astaire of the Figi house .. . FRED MENKE . . . has loosened up his pin for JANE CALDWELL. Guess the bet made recently by one of these Sig boys is no go . . . ... because ALICE MARTENS has already been pinned and by the gallant knight, ART BODEAU . . . last but not least, here’s news that will make more than one co-ed read and weep! ... our bashful big shot, GORDIE MATTHEWS, came back from Texas without his pin . . . and we do mean his fraternity pin! Nothing like that ole line given with a great big southern drawl . . . . . . can’t help but wonder what all you lads and lassies are going to do when the Airport dance, comes off .. . the favorite haunting ground will undoubtedly have to be changed for at least that night . . . maybe they’ll change to the Union for variety ...(?) . . . and speaking of dances, here comes a special FLASH hot over the wires ... Prom plans have been changed . . . DON BESTOR has been engaged due to a broken contract by RUSS MORGAN . . . late date prevented another orchestra from being secured ... ... however. Prom committee feels that BESTOR was received quite cordially two years ago and will be welcomed with open arms . . . the date has been changed to a week from Friday, April 22, the original Prom date ... . . . wonder what the Chi O’s have up their sleeves for the big formal this Friday ? Have a feeling it may turn out to be really something!! . . . and listen, my friends, spring love has brought many frowns from onlookers (of course, you know they are just jealous!) . . . public woo pitching by light of day instead pf light of moon is absolutely a breach of etiquette! . . . Seeing these girls’ skirts after being in the rain for a couple of days sets us to kinda thinkin . . . Gosh, these skirts are gettin shorter and shorter, If they get any higher, they won’t cover what they oughter! ... I know, it shrinks
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY LAST BEGINNERS CLASS OF SEASON OPENS Friday, April 14tli 7:30 P.M. This Class Will Be Completed Before Purdue Closes. Indiana's Largest Dancing School ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Indiana University is assisting in the codification of all of the Hoosier state’s blue laws.
Phone 7903
mas
Famous Stage Play — Not a Picture onedayokiy“":^..:;:t/.
STAGE SUCCESS OF THE CENTURY
TOBACCO
ROAD
-UrUh.
JOHN BARTON SEATS ON SALE TOMORROW! NIGHT: $1.65, $1.10, 83c MAT: $1.10, 83e, 55c (All Taxes Included)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr. 1939 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc. c4-i[
‘Elwyn! Have you been talking around about spring planting There’s a tractor salesman at the front door!”
. . . a clever (?) bit developed in this brainstorm . . . Women disgust .me, I’m off ’em for life. They cause all the trouble, stir up all the strife. Tease us, torment us, and drive us to sin— Say! Who is that blonde that just walked in?
. . . blame the above poein on C. R. FISHER . . . tweren’t my fault . . . as our last minute brain-storm, how many of you will be soon saying ... “Oh, professor, I gotta have that credit to graduate!”
. . . this is something you all must read . . . the Bestor FLASH was only a late April Fooi’s joke!
Sixty-seven foreign countries are represented in the collection of 18,000 post cards in the University of Kentucky library.
• Romero TODAY-WEDNESDAY MBfMETU
TWO HEARTS AGAINST ^THE WORLD..., Jaio^ M TODAY - WED. MARS
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
and ■
'HUNTED MEN' — WITH-— LLOYD NOLAN ALSO Last Chapter "SPIDERS WEB"
Buckalew, Criss Seladed To Represent Kappa Beta Kathryn Buckalew and Mary Criss, of the Purdue chapter of Kappa Beta, national religious honorary, have been selected to represent the chapter at the national convention which will be held at Kansas State College on April 21. The local chapter of Kappa Beta also announces the election of the following officers: president, Helen Rees; first vice-president, Elma Hollingsworth; second yice-presi-dent, Olga Reinoehl; recording secretary, Prances Wallace; corresponding secretary, Billie Langheed; treasurer, Marie Clodfelter; radius reporter, Mary Criss.
LU^ TODAY-WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
NiCiii
TODAY-TOMORROW 2 RRST RUN HITS A Mad Mixup of Merriment and Mirth!
— WITH — MICHAEL WHALEN MARY HART — PLUS — TOUGH KID — with — FRANKIE DARRO DICK PURCELL
COMING
Fred ASTAIRE
Ginger ROGERS
IN-
THE CASTLES
't' ^ ^4, . . ,^, , / “ >, • ■ ^ ■ . \
Tuesday, Apdl 1L 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Purdue Baseball Squad Faces Pittsburgh Pirates Saturday
Johnny Rizzo...
Game Features Opening Ceremonies For Diamond On Ross-Ade Recreationai Fieid
Providing the climax of “baseball week” on the University campus this week, the colorful Pittsburgh Pirates, one of the leading contenders for titular honors in the National League, will meet Coach Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker nine in an exhibition game here next Saturday afternoon. The game will provide the feature of the opening ceremonies for the new baseball diamond on the Ross-Ade Recreational Field. In connection with the opening
. . . sensational second year man who will be in the outfield for the Pirates in the exhibition game Saturday.
ceremonies, Director of Athletics Noble Kizer has announced that among the honored guests of the afternoon will be«Indiana State Governor, M. Clifford Townsend; David E. Eoss, and George Ade, the prime movers in making possible the Ross-Ade Recreational Field; Major John L. Griffith, Big Ten Athletic Commissioner, and the baseball lett^rmen of former years. Flag Raising Ceremony The honored guests will be introduced in a brief ceremony by President E. C. Elliott before the start
of the game, and will join with the members of both teams in a fla^ raising ceremony before the first ball is pitched. In view of the heavy advance ticket sales for the game, a force of workmen has been engaged for the past week erecting extra rows of bleachers around the diamond which will add several thousand to the seating capacity and assure plenty of space for all comers. The Pittsburgh authorities have given assurances that the regular Pirate lineup will take the field
Boilermaker Golf Squad
against the Boilermakers and that Honus Wagner, one of baseball’s immortals, will be on the coaching line.
Fares Well On Trip South
Meeting three of the South’s leading golf combinations, the Boilermaker golf squad dropped its first match during a spring vacation jaunt to Vanderbilt, 10 1-4 to 7 1-2, lost to Alabama, 14 to 4, and wound up with
a 14 to 4 victory over Tennessee.
The Riveters’ three opponents were far advanced in training as a result of climatic conditions, and the showing of the team was considered most encouraging for future ^
of the season for the southerners, who were in mid-season form and shooting remarkably consistent
golf.
The long tee shots of Captain
Gates Open At 11:30 In order to accommodate the ]Sig crowds that are anxious to see the major leaguers in action, the gates of the field will be opened at 11:30 o’clock in the morning, and Pittsburgh will take the field for batting practite at noon. The brief opening exercises will start at 1:46 o’clock, with the game scheduled to get underway promptly at 2:15 o’clock.
matches. Purdue’s match with Alabama marked the nineteenth match
John David, Boilermaker ace, provided the feature of the Alabama
Sporis Staff Meeting
Spring—And A Menu Change
Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd St.
Phone 5372
Junior and sophomore members of the Exponent sports staff will meet in the Union office for a meeting'tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock.
McDonald.
match. Three times during the contest, David drove 366 yards to the green to the amazement of his southern opponents. The Purdue golf schedule for the remainder of the season follows: April 22^—^At Indiana. April 29—At Michigan. May 5—Detroit here. May 6—Notre Dame. May 12—Butler here. May 15—Chicago here. May 20—Ohio State here. May 22—Illinois here. May 29-30—Big Ten meet at Chicago.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
We clean or launder Palm Beach Suits according to the Goodall formula. Goodall weaves Palm Beach Cloth and tailors Palm Beach Suits. Nobody knows as well as they how Palm Beach Suits should be cleaned and laundered. We follow their official formula to the smallest detail — and return your Palm Beach Suits and Slacks to you perfectly reconditioned. For guaranteed results, we suggest that you send us your
PALM BEACH SUITS
Buccaneers Present Impressive Record During 52 Year Span in Nafionai League
Cy Blanton.
One may feel pretty sure of remaining consistently on a diet of first division major league baseball if he watches the Pittsburgh Pirates, who will play the Boilermaker nine in an exhibition game here Saturday, in its games from season and season. That’s one appealing feature of the Buccaneers, year in and year out. As regular pennant contenders, they have been the most consistent club in the big show. The Bucs have become synony- —
mous with first-rate baseball. They have completed 62 seasons in the National League, and in no fewer than 33 of those flag races they finished among the first four clubs, a most remarkable record that indicates uncommon consistency in strength and general class. Six pennants and two world titles are among Pittsburgh’s diamond trophies. The Pirates have finished second 10 times, including 1938; and
tied for that position once; third, seven times and tied once; fourth eight times; fifth, five times; sixth, five times; seventh, four times; and eighth, five times.
Tickets for Purdue’s exhibition game with the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday afternoon, April 15. are on sale at Deckers, Zipps, and the Fowler Hotel in Lafayette, and at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Union desk in West Lafayette.
Gold Peppers -
(Continued from page 1)
ganization is the gold pepper which members wore stitched on black berets until 1936. From 1936 until 1938 members wore black sleeveless sweaters with a gold pepper on the left shoulder. During this school year, we have seen them worn on suede mortar board jaskets or on corduroy jerkins. Traditional activities of the organization are that members lead the Derby Day procession, attend all athletic events including pep sessipns and §ell gold and black balloons at football games. In the past few years the custom has changed from selling balloons to selling yellow chrysanthemums. Money Provides Scholarships Money made by the organization is used to provide hundred dollar co-ed graduate scholarships. In 1934 they made a contribution to the Dean Carolsm Shoemaker memorial fund for aid of financially distressed students. In the second semester of each year. Gold Peppers pledge not less than 16 junior co-eds who are outstanding for scholarship, leadership, personality and participation in activities. It is from this group that Mortar Board selects her pledges. For two weeks after the pledging. Gold Pepper pledges wear gold arm bands as a symbol of their pledgeship. ^ Until 1935 Gold Peppers were announced early in the second semester between halves of the first basketball game following their nomination by active members of the organization. Since 1935 pledges have been announced at annual coed bid dances given in their honor.
Mail orders are being taken at the Purdue ticket office. The Gimlet Club and the Junior Chamber of Commerce are also selling tickets. Student tickets are 40 cents, with general ticket prices selling for 75 cents.
. . . who pitched a no-hit game against Cleveland last week-end and will be with the Pittsburgh Pirates when they meet the Boilermakers in Saturday’s game.
Riveter Nine Successful
On Tour Through South
By Robert J. Deckard Two wins, two ties, and one loss were chalked up by the Boilermakers baseball nine on their trip through the south during the recent spring vacation. The improvement of the hitting of the team as a whole was the high spot of the trip which was one of the most successful in the history of the team.
With Vernon, Stamm, Dickinson, and Lyboult hitting above the .300 mark the team slugged out 50 hits out of 187 times at bat for a batting average of .286 for five games. Bredewater Better Marked improvement in the condition of Arnold Bredewater, veteran pitcher, whom the Boilermakers are pinning many of their hopes for the season, was another of the encouraging results of last week’s trip. Bredewater worked 8 1-3 innings against Alabama Saturday as the Boilermakers won 6-3, and so far has shown no ill effects of the work out. A three-game series with Louisiana Tech opened the schedule for the tour, and last Monday the Boilermakers vied for 10 innings with the Tech team to end up in a tie, 1-1. Mackiewicz Homers Twice The next day Fehring’s charges, lead by Mackiewicz, who smashed
out two home runs, won the second game 11-8. The third game also went 10 innings before the game was again called a draw, with the score again standing 1 to 1. On Friday the Boilermaker’s took their only beating, losing to Alabama’s squad by a score of 9-12. The next day, behind the pitching of Arnold Bredewater, the team evened the count with the Crimson Tide by taking the decision, 6-3.
Intramural Schedule
BASEBALL Diamond 1—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2—Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 3—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi. 4—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Sigma. Kappa. 6—Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Alpha. 6— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa. 8— Delta Tau Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 9— Delta Upsilon vs Phi Gamma Delta. 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Kappa Delta Rho
VOLLEYBALL Today 7:30 -Delta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha.
HOTEL FOWLER
The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
DWERJ SEEa)S-
JOHH SPfliB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONK 2777
See VONIrOY DAUGHERTY
HEX
218 Waldron
lACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
m
I
3
I
I
I
t4
< 4
I3bad. Gdiu
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
9U)JtiaiL
Tuesday, April 11, 1939
i-
I
Lab Group Offers Two One-Act Plays
Vacation -
(Continued from page 1)
For the second series of Laboratory tjroup plays, Playshop’s experimental unit is presenting two more one-acts: “The Deathless World,” directed by Sam Marks and “The Drunkard,” dii’ected by Joe Martin. These plays will be presented tomorrow at 7:30 p. m., in Fowler Hall. As before, the audience will be specially invited, with no admission being charged. The cast of “The Deathless World” includes/: Betty Erick, Don Salmond, Lawrence Hess, John Hobson, Marianna Wilson, and H. W. Metz. “The Drunkard” boasts of somewhat larger cast, those selected being: Gloria Erickson, Garland Johnson, Joyce Burnham, Ellen Kepner, Richard Coleman, Gordon Belles, Robert Mefford, Albert M. Rogers, Williams J. Hands, Kenneth Reece, Charles Hart, Jack Elvis, Doris Martin, Glen Whetzell, and John Oswalt.
WBAA
■THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
00—The Dentist Says. 15—Social Security Talk. 35—The Home Makers Program. 50—Purdue News Flashes. 00—“Meet Your Voice.” 15—Russ, Bob and Dick—instrumental trio, popular tunes. 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 45-—Songs and Melodies. 00—Monitor Views the News. 15:—Electrical Shops. 30—Scientific News Review. 45—Market Reports. 00—D. A. R. Program. 15—Melody Moments. 30—You And Your Child. 45—Treasure Chest. :00—Aftei'noon Music. ;15—Darlene Mahns, popular songs. :30—/Your Radio Correspondent. :45—Martha Whitehead, soprano 00—Purdue Debris. :15—Quips and Queries. :30—Paul Mitchell, baritone. :45—Story Book Hour.
Traveling Speakers Speakers ti’aveling during the week include W. B. Ward, specialist in the horticultural department, who spoke to Warren County farm women in the Williamsport library Tuesday, April 4; Dr. G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, who delivered a paper on “What Are Engineers Made Of,” at Lewis Institute Saturday, April 8; and Prof. H. B. Rogers, general engineering, who addressed the wage conference of the Industrial Management society on Friday in Chi-., cago. Farm Bureau Meet's The third district Farm Bureau meeting for the second quarter was held in the Union Wednesday, April 5, with Senator Larry Brandon as speaker. Football Clinic Attendance record for the annual football clinic fell as 300 high school and college coaches from six states met for a conference on Saturday, April 1. Group Paper W. A. Bittenbender and E. F. Degering, of the chemistry department, presented a group paper before the American Chemical Society in Baltimore, Md., on April 6. The paper covered their findings in the field of antiseptic chemistry, based on their work with the derivatives of phenlyacetic acid,'^ itself a mild antiseptic. Mills Is Speaker Tuesday, April 4, Duglas R. Mills of Illinois youngest basketball mentor in the Big Ten spoke before the Junior Chamber of Commerce dinner for Jefferson and West Lafayette high school teams at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom.
H. C. Thompson Appointment of H. C. Thompson, ’15 Ag., as district extension supervisor, was announced on Wemfe^day by Director J, H. Skinner of the University Ag extension department.
Classified Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75.' Supplies. C. F. EbershoO, 606 Main street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
New Appointments Students and alumni crashing into the papers during vacation are: J, A. Castor, EE ’31, who has been appointed to special service for a national defense power committee making a survey of privately generated electrical power for use on a war time basis; H, A. Wortham, CE ’07, acting regional director has assumed full command of the public works administration in region three, covering most of the southern states east of the Mis-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 W: Vine Watt Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Kays, Locks, General Repalrina SKATI SHARKNINe Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Blue Prints 6lack and white prints Direct Process West Side " Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
KEYS AND LOCKS Kays for trunks, door iocki, desk locks, night latches and padledcs. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac'4»soijes and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhena 2B2B
e Shoe Repair
• Printing ————-— - ‘
BOSSONG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITT BOOT SHOP
r\RINTING Office Sistlonery , O 1 Wedding InviUtlons ® Books, Etc. ^ ; MOB CASSEL’S 408FERRy
sissippi; and John Greenburg, Edward Klinker, and Donald Browny all students who received gold medals from the Indianapolis Producer’s Commission for outstanding live stock work.
Applicants: Examining Uni
Flying Cadet board will visit the University on or about, Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing Instructions may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE.
Undergraduate Dames Club: Important business meeting for all old members Tuesday, April 11, at 7 ;30 p., m. at the home of Byrdena Walldce, 176 Littleton St. Everyone urged to attend. —ROHAS.
for assignments. All editorial men call Brody for story assignments. Have stories and ads by Wednesday, April 12, at 9 p. m. —TAFEL.
Notices
PEW: All girls registered in bowling come to the first meeting of the class in the Women’s Gym. (4-18) —KNIGHT, CASE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, April 12, at 7:80 p. m. in rOom F of the Union. —STRADLING.
Camera Club: There will be no meeting Tuesday, April 11. —OBLINGER.
Freshmen and Sophomore Union Workers: Please report to the work shop Tuesday, April 11, at 4 p. m, —BRUBECK.
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting Tuesday, April 11, at 6:46 p. m. in the Union lounge. —CHEVEDDEN.
Agriculturist Staff: All departmental editors arid Board of Control meet at 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 12, in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. Election of staff. —KINGSLEY.
To All Seniors: The new list of employers who have contacted Purdue graduates and alumni is available to seniors and others who plan to seek employment during spring vacation. Copies are available at the personnel office. —WALTERS.
CB 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of "C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
f
Independent Staff: Important meeting Wednesday, April 12, at 7 p. m. Paper date is March 17. All ad men call McConnell
Independent Students: Petitions for the following elective offices are due Thursday. April 13, at 6 p. m.: vice-president^ secretary, and treasurer. Students who wish to petition must find out qualifications from PJA board members before that time and •have 26 members sign the petitions, —WELLS,
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, April 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Bring all written material including old minutes and constitution. —HALL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Guests coming. Please bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Mortar Board: Meeting at 4:16 p. m. Wednesday, April 12, in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Juniors and Seniors: Dr. Davis, director of the Teachers Placement Service, will conduct discussion on extra-curricular activities Tuesday, April 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Education Building. —HOLT.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Important meeting Tuesday, April 11, in University Hall, room 308 at 4 p. m. ' —DEMORET.
Freshman Baseball Candidates: Report in the Fieldhouse, room 107, Wedneseday, April 12, at 4 p. m. —DOAN..
PEW Bowling: There are a few vacancies in each bowling class. If your name is on the howling waiting list see Miss Babb in the Women’s Gym office. (4-13) —KNIGHT.
Scrivener : All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May issue must turn them in (typed) at the west Union desk for me before Monday, April. 17. —CLEVELAND.
the OLD Topcaat
feels good these days and what’s more it’ll look like NEW ...
. . . after being eleaned and Formprest by Crown.
Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
(Launsby
r I HE CL E AN E R S O F > I N E CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
t
J- I
The. right combination for a satisfying show is ERRQL FLYNN & OLIVIA de HAVILLAND in DODGE CITY a WARNER BROS, picture coming soon to your local theatre.
Chesterfield’s Happy Combination (blend) of the finest American and Turkish tobaccos satisfies millions because it gives them smoking pleasure they get from no other cigarette. Refreshing mildness, better taste and more pleasing aroma are Chesterfield’s feature attractions with smokers everywhere.
i The right combination for a really satisfying smoke is Chesterfield's / \'j con't-be-copied blend of the world's j) best cigarette tobaccos.
hen you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure. ..why THEY SATISFY
I
7%^ RIGHT COMBINATION the world's best cigarette tobaccos, they’re milder..they taste better
’ i ■5' Si
Copytiglit 1959, Ligcltt Si MviiRS Tobacco Co.