• 1 ■**' '"' U ,<" ' /"■”' *fj)<''--» a-j^» «AiS»4;.^®|i
Don't Forget To Get . Your From Ticket
Volume 52, No. 144
West Lafayette, Ihdiatia
Tuesday, Ai»ril 1, 1941
■ - Si I pun ■' '■■ bolish Final Exams
Quarantine Halls For Smallpox After an all night session ■during which statements of three city physicians were' heard, the Lafayette i^pard of Health announced today that the entire Cary Halls would be placed under strict quarantine starting this morning and continuing for an indefinite period. Yesterday afternoon three maids in East Hall became ill and reported to the University Health Service, where their cases were diagnosed as smallpox. W. A. Bash, Board of Health Commissioner stated late last night that in view of these cases and four others among residents diagnosed by the local physicians, the Halls would have to be placed under quarantine. , Serious Matter “It is an extremely serious matter,” said Bash, “when over 1,000 boys must be quarantined in what has apparently become a gigantic pest hole but it is a step quite necessary to the protection of the remainder of the city’s population.” Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Healdi Service, stated last night that all students who have had contact with residents of Cary Hall within the last week must report to the Health Service immediately for examination. The cause of the young smallpox ■epidemic could not be deterraihed ■definitely,' but Bash said that just before the maids’ cases were reported, G. O. Arbuckle, director of the Halls, was confined to the isolation ward of St. Elizabeth Hospital with a serious case of smallpox. Small Pox’Arbuckle He likdned Arbuck?le to the famous “Typhoid Mary,” saying that many epidemics have been started from single carriers such as Arbuckle. Board of Health officials hinted that an investigation would be -made of all'Hall kitchens. Lt. J. W. M. Traicy .... CE ’24, has been assigned to active duty with the Civil Engineering Corps, U. S. Naval Reserve, at Corpus Christi, Texas, beginning April 14. '
Elliott Inaugur?!^ Required 'Vioient' Exercise Coune All Men Must Attend Two Hour Daily Glasses Two iiiours pf “■violent” exercise per day will be required fp^ all male students of the University after this week, according to an announcement received yesterday from President E. C. Elliott. Beginning with the new academic week on Thursday, classes ■will be dismissed at 3 o’clock so that the hours from 3 till 6 can be used for the exercise. President Elliott stated that procedure is’^part of the latest preparations for national defense. The president, who has often advocated such a plan is anxious to have the men under his command in the best of physical condition when they are called to the service. Details of the new regime have not been worked out completely as yet, he said, but the entire campus, fieldhouse, and women’s gym will be available to the men. The exercise may be taken in any form as long as it conforms to the “violent” stipulation. “All male students failing to take part in this movement will be subject to the same penalty now inflicted for illicit parking.” Hobbyists Set National Records At Aero Meet Model airplane hobbyists from the University of Wisconsin carried off most of the honors at the Aero Modelers’ indoor meet held Sunday, March 23, in the Fieldhouse. A number of unofficial national records were set and are now before the Academy of Model Aeronautics for official recognition. The fuselage event was 'won by Walter Erbach, and stick honors went to Curtis Janke. Both are Wisconsin students from Sheboygan. Local representatives Hank Velkoff and Dick Obarski finished ninth an dtenth, respectively. Some of the contestants were well known in model circles. Walter March, Chicago University, winner of last year’s National and Mississippf Valley meets, took fourth place. Jim Cahill, ME ’40, placed sixth. He has been called the international champion.
Gpv, Schrick^ Gets His Ticket As 'College Widow' Sale Opens With the {presentation of the first ticket to Govemqr Schripker, by Myra Mekee, ticket chairman, tickets for “The College Widow,” 1941 Varsity ^how production, went on sale yesterday at the price of one dollar apiece. Several thousand tipkets are being offered for sale and can be obtained at the west desk of the Upion, Deac’s, ^outhworth’s. Deckers, ICeinleys and at the office of the Musical Org^^ations. i^embers of the Musical
Organizations and Playshop also have tickets for sale. Persons securing tickets before April 14 will have a two day seat preference over those buying tickets later. All 8^200 seats in the Hall of Music are being sold as reserved seats for Gala Week visitors and to-wnspeople while mail order tickets can be secured thru the Musical Organization’s Office. After April 16, the reipaining tickets will go one sale in C. S. Doan’s office. John T. McCutcheon, vacationing in the Bahama Islands, is drawing the backdrop scenery after ha’ving received a shipment of photographic' reproductions of pictures and sketches from old Debris of that period yia clipper and the Lester Costume Co. of Chicago is making the costumes, using illustrations from early Debris also. Cast, crews, and choruses have been selected and rehearsals have already begun. Productions will go on the stage in the Hall of Music May 1 and 3.
Radio Guild . . , tonight will sponsor a technical open house of the radio station’s equiment in the Hall of Music.
Inspector Conden^ns Fowler Hall
To Begin Tearing Down Structure After Next Playshop Production By Con Tractoy Fowler tiall has become beloved by the entire student body over a “long’’ period of years so it is‘ with great regrU that the University pronounces a death sentence on the old building. For Fowler Hall is to be torn down. The work will start immediately after the next "Playshop production. Several weeks ago P. E. Soneson and G. E. Lommel of the Civil Engineering School first suspected the tinsoundness of the building. Consulting engineers D. 0. MacDonald and F. M. Monk, authorities on building construction at the University of Chicago, were quietly called in to make inspections. All effort was made to keep it quiet in order not to alarm the student body. These leading building inspectors after solemn consultations, pronounced the building unsafe for human use and suggested termites as the ^ause of the disaster. An impressive two-hour ceremony in which the entire student body can express their last sad fare-well to this faithful old friend has been planned for the near future. C -
Herman Backs Ouf On Prom Contract Woody Herman has cancelled his ’ contract for JunioirProm it was announced yesterday afternoon' by Jim Wolfe, chairman of the committee. “His agents telegraphed Fleetemeyer notifying him of the change of schedule during Spring Recess,” Wolfe stated. “He, has signed for an indefinite stand at the Trianon in Cleveland.” - . At present no other band has been signed to fill in, but Wolfe unofficially let it be known that Weems, Miller, and,Tucker have been contacted and that prospects look good, however, he,would make no predictions as to final success, v
Roosevelt Affixes Signature To Bill Calling Reservists University Corps Leaves Immediately President F. D. Roosevelt signed bill H. R. 1807 late last night placing the nation’s Reserve Officers Training Corps on active duty' vnth the Army. The bill was passed by jthe Senate immediately following a rush 0. K. by the Bfouse. The president cdiild not be reached for a statement, but; White House spokesmen issued the unofficial report that Army officials felt the national emergency was too serious to allow time for the students to graduate. Supplementary Training Instead, the Army will supplement the training of outstanding juniors and seniors to enable them to take a place in vital industries. The remainder of-the advanced students and the basic students' will continue training in the branch of service they are now training for. Col. D. M. Beere, commander of the University’s corp of 2,000 men was unable to make an official statement because of wartime censorship regarding the movement of troops but stated that it is “highly probable” that the corps would be sent to Fort Bragg, N. C., for a short period of training with the 17th field artillery. Definite Orders Since the men have had a limited amount of training, they would be available to defend the co^st if a threat of actual invasion of the United States arose. However, the Colonel has received definite orders for the movement of the corps tomorrow morning. The orders regarding the men are: The corps will form tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock fully prepared to leave for an indefinite period. ' Personal equipment (Toothbrush, shaving cream, and photographs) must not exceed one smalLhandbag. The corps will march in body to the Big Four station where it will leave for Sulfanilamide, Topic Of Lecture Thursday Dr.‘ Perrin H. Long, associate professor of medicine at Johns Hopkins' University, ■wrill speak Thursday, April 3, in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall., The subject of Dr. Long’s' address is the “Recent Advances in Bacterial Chemotherapy with Special Reference to the Mode of Action of Sulfanilamide and its Derivatives.” This open meeting is^to be sponsored by the Society of Sigma Xi. Up until the' present time, the manner in which these chemical compounds act upon the infecting bacteria is not well understood. It is generally co,needed that -these drugs inhibit the growth of susceptible bacteria and that under certain conditions they may even kill the bacteria. Nominations for new members of Sigma Xi are due in the hands of the secretary by April 5. Nomination blanks will be provided by the secretary, R. C. Corley, on request.
p.S.
Prejy Says... 2iph, cm km,
Due to u state of war emergency, spring vocation has been postpon^ until the week of April 20-29. Penalty days will be Friday, noon, April 19, to Saturday noon, April 20, and the entire day of Monday, April 29. Absolutely no excuses will be given for the penalty day follow-
ing Prom.
President E. C. Elliott.
. . . sqciol fraternity, announces the election of H. E. Bollwinkel, president; Willord L. Gaulke, vicepresident: Stanley Monger, ritual officer; James Storkey, explain; Bruco Adams, sergeant-at-qrms; E. Carter Chambers, executive committee member at large; Robert Kuntz, treasurer; and Thomas Simon, secretary.
VoH For Quarter System After ratification by the Board of Trustees late yesterday afternoon, President E. C. Elliott announced t^t the University has abolished all final examinations. The new ruling was passed at a meeting of the faculty Friday, March 21, by the slim margin of 643 to 587, and will take effect immediately. Also adopted by the faculty and Board of Trustees was the new quarterly plan, which •will go into operation at the close of the present semester. Here’s How In passing the no final exam regulation, the faculty set forth the following plan: 1. No final examinations shall be given in any University course. 2. Semester grade shall be based ' on hour tests and dailies given throughout the semester. - 3. The standards on hour tests shall be raised. 4. Not less than five, nor more than eight hour tests are to be given in a course. 5. Not less than 15 or more than 20 daily tests shall be given in any course. 6. Semester grades in a course shall he posted three days after the ' last day of school in a semester. Under the quarterly plan, the year shall be divided into; four equal parts. The work covered in three ' quarters will be equivalent tp the work now covered in the Umversity’s present two semesters. The following regulations 'were Approved in regard to the-quarterly system. 1. Quarters shall begin on June 10, September 10, December 10, and March 10. 2. Classes shall end at noon of the eighth of the above mentioned months. Registration shall take place on the afternoon of eight and the morning and afternoon of the ninth. 3. No one quarter shall be designated as the “vacation quarter”; that is, a student register^ in the University may choose any three ■Quarters for his yearly work, the fourth quarter being for t^ purpose of vacation. 4. ~Students wishing to -corafdete their undergraduate'work in less than the usual four years nr^y attend classes four quartefs^-'chiring the year, thus taking no v^caHon. Dr. H. D. Bdlingf&r . . . national director of student work and former student pastor at the University, will be prinmpal speaker at the annual Wesley Foundation Banquet to be held in.the Home Ecohomics Building, April 24. Ann Pierce will serve as toastmistress, assisted by Bfll Peterson, Phyllis Hyde, -and Bill Warri^ Cornelia Caldwell is in charge of arrangements. Prom Tickets Prom tidkets will go one sole at the cashier’s office today; however, only juniors'will be able te .pi|^ chase tickets. J^ors wi|i el^ |b4 able.to buy tidjteto ami i;^ur8day. Tickets will be <pi s^ to the seniors Friday^ and day. Any tickets left will be placed on sale to tbe whole stoiept bbdy Monday. The tickets this year are |a.qqk Passports must be |»r«sealef| wkm baying the tickets, amt ai^ entrance to tbe dance.
I^aqiL
Tuesday, April L 1941
fiivuim. Exponent
Conference On Cream Quality Next Thursday Methods of further improving the quality of Indiana butter will be emphasized at « Cream Quality Improvement Conference to be held at the University Thursday, according to an announcement from Prof. H. W. Gregory, chief of dairy husbandry. Thursday’s program will be opened with a discussion of the national cream quality improvement progress by Charles D. Weissert, of Plymouth, president of the Indiana Manufacturers of Dairy Products Association, and an outline of Indiana’s moves in the program by Walter R. Freeman, of Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana Milk and Cream Improvement Association. A picture of the Indiana butter project will be provided by Prof. Gregory, while V. C. Manhart, also of the University, will take up farm factors affecting cream quality. Afternoon Discussions In general, the afternoon will be given over to a thorough discussion of cream mold, including testing methods, factors affecting growth, and creamery practices and programs for controlling mold mycelia in butter. Speakers and discussion leaders will include A. M. Feist, Indianapolis; J. R. Kurtz, Ft. Wayne; R. V. Hussong, Danville, 111.; F. A. Burwell, South Bend, and three Uni-
Labor Troubles Halt Building Program Repercussions of the spreading labor troubles have finally reached the campus in the form of a serious halt in the building operations on both the new electric lab and the physics building. Workmen have given notice that they will not return from lunch this afternoon. Although causes of the strike have not as ye^t been brought to light, W. J. Kemmer, contractor in charge of the jobs, is of the opinion that the squabble is entirely over 'labor politics. “I am sufe there can be no quarrel over wages or hourg,” he said. A frown of annoyance shadowed the bhow 6f President E. C. Elliott when he was infoirmed Of the workers’ edict. “It is too bad that a bunch of laborers have it in their power to stop the wheels of education progress,” he said. Then, smiling a little, “And I worked so hard last summer to get that appropriation from Congress!”
Members
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
The author of Quiet on the Western Front” writes the most thrilling romantic adventure of our time . . .
... of the University chapter of the society of Automotive Engineers attended a meeting of the Indiana section of SAE last Friday evening in Indianapolis. Center of the discussion was “More Power From Less Engine” as outlined in Round Engines. Professor J. Liston, C. W. Phelps, and T. R. Frame of the school of mechanical engineering led the group. versity staff members, W. H. Brown, P. R. Elliker, and B. E. Horrall. In the final address, John Taylor, chief of the dairy division of the Indiana State Board of Health, will explain the stand of the state department on the cream quality pro-, gram.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY "NO FUNDS".. but WHAT FUN!
"WIEON ERROL RKO RADIO PlctMre Dennis O’Keefe'Adele Pearce'Walter Catlett — AMD —
WITH CHESTER MORRIS ANITA LOUISE
GREEN ARCHER” Serial
LIMA
TODAY-WEDNESDAY — TWO BIG HITS—
At lAST you
•The Ratio— 3.03 0 t m • to 1
Well, how do you like the sleepy eyes and lagging feet that are dragging themselves around the campus these post-vacation days? Looks like everybody enjoyed themselves immensely. The only thing that discourages us is that the special trains were well behaved fro'm all reports. Thei^ wasn’t a drop of liquor to be,seen, everybody stayed awake the whole trip and stayed^the regulation sik inches apart, and there was no smooching whatsoever. Don’t tell anybody, but Bonny Robbins of the Kappas is secretly married. She went home with the Cole sisters and met a Princeton man who has a banker for a father. Sooo, the last night she was there, he proposed to her and they were married that same night. They honeymooned in Bermuda. Congratulations. - Speaking of marriages, Betty Pickard and Bill Deam have postponed their wedding until the university makes him the head of the English department, thus giving Betty ample time to graduate. A funny thing happened the other day. We were talking to “Stooge” Miller, Theta prexy, and she finally admitted that the Kappas not only had the best sorority on campus, but the best looking girls, too. Kappas Cooper, Morris, and Graham disagree with her, though, and say that the Thetas are just being modest. That’s what we call the right spirit. Guess what. Alpha Chi Miriam Gustafson is in love, and with Paul Anderson, too. » Also hear that he’s been such a great influence on her life that she has quit imbibing the golden liquid. The Alpha Chis are really going in for changes lately. Quite the opposite of “Gussy” is Bunny Edwards, Until lately, she’s been a teetotaler, but seems to have changed to quite the opposite overnight, and Jo Regnell is being sweet as sugar these days and lets her date do as he wants to. Oh, me. Oh yes, “Buttons” Burton made her grades, too. The Chi Os haven’t a pin in the house since Spring vacation. Isn’t that amazing. Don’t know what happened to them all, but we sure would like to. / Pi Phi Carol Crow along with Thelma Bugher have given up men
TWO BIG HITS — TO SEEThe Laugh Comedy of the Century
THIS EVE SURE KNOWS HER APPLES!
Charles Coburn * Eukmi Paliotto TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Abolishment Of Finals ... by the faculty culminates a three year campaign on the part of the Exponent whose staff has continually campaigned for such a move. Two years ago a campus poll showed that 47 % of the University faculty was in favor of eliminating finals and 69.6% were in favor of discontinuing the present system. It is believed in well informed circles that this poll really began the actidn among faculty members which ended yesterday when President Elliott announced the change. While the abolishment of finals may come as a surprise to many it has been no secret among members,of the faculty and among certain student leaders Who have been asked to appear before the special committee appointed by the President. It was not expected, however, that the move would b^ made this year, but one possible explanation for the swiftness of execution of the new order lies in the part that Purdue has been playing in the National Defense Program. Dr. Elliott could not-be reached for a statement last night. It will be recalled that only two weeks ago, men who are enrolled in the draft and expect to be called before September 1 were allowed to drop any three hour course, with the approval of the head of their school, and substitute two hours of • violent physical exercise. We have no way of accurately measuring student reaction to the abolishing of finals but we are sure that we express everyone’s opinion when we say "We only wish it were true."
The Purdue Exponent
Entered tk aecond elass matter at the po^t office in Lafayette, Indiana, ander the act of Conicrese of lAarch 8, 1879, and at the apecial rate of poetane provided for in aectidn 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriaed January 20, 1922. Publiahed daily except Slonday durinK the reynlar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Sesaion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail aubacription $8.80. Bditor-in-CUaf.„....„„........_. ..JR. W. Donahue Bnainesa Manager...., Merle Hacemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKee Manaainsr Sdltor-~_.___._...— D. K. Helple Aaaoeiate Sditora: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Raffner, R. ll^Skallemp, J. 1.. TraugoU. BusinoM Staff local Advertising Managers: O. S. Powers, G. C, Landers: Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Elditor Beth Simpson '' Associate ZSditors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Bose, Donna SiesB. , Sports Staff Editor — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phono: Ediloriai 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heiple " Day Editor: Seiss Issue Editor: AUanson Night Sports Editor: Helper Staff: J. D. Smith, D. T. Brophy, P. I. Jones, J. F. Amos, W. B. Rafert, R. R. Runnion, A. S. Chatfleld, A. M. Worsley, H. P. Stenberg. ^
The ^th Column
With the end of five strikes yesterday the country seems back on the road to arming the world. Including ourselves. Which is encouraging even if it is expensive. With an army of 3,000,000 and a two ocean navy, we ought to be able to stand off almost anybody. Including our creditoTs. * * iK And if worse comes to worse it would always come in handy . . , In keeping the wolf off our doorstep. >l« When Adolph tried his hand at invasion last fall. Unofficially of course. He discovered that the British had an ingenious arrangement of oil drums anchored beneath the surface of the channel, which when ignited gave the Nazis a warm reception. For a second line of defense the English could learn a little from the Americans, who being well acquainted with hazards of the
beaches might suggest a light sprinkling . . . Of tin cans and broken olive bottles. ♦ * ♦ Latest figures on the spending program show that the army has spent $6,900,500,000 out of its $7,098,000,000 appropriation to date. Whereas, the Navy has run through a mere $5,983,600,000 out of $9,266,000,000. Another day, another dollar. * * >!■ See where the coast guard hauled a bunch of Italian and German sailors into the clink on the charge of sabotage the other day. And took over the ships. From where we stand it looks like they uncovered a gigantic training system for fifth columnists.. . . Just as they were engaged in doing their homework. * >i< From the pictures we saw though we t«^uld judge them to be rank amateurs. None of this sand in the bearings or monkey wrenches in the works business. In fact . . . They were downright messy. * * * See where ^j^enito’s fleet finally got enough water under it to float the other day too. And first thing they do is bump into the British, and five of ’em sank . . . Before they could scramble back on the beach.—dkh
entirely. Carol says she’s had entirely enough of their shenanigans and doesn’t intend to stand for anymore. We don’t believe it. Acacia Hugh Horstman is going around in a daze ever since he put his pin out on Jean Moses (yeah, she gave up the guy at home). Better stay out of those clouds Hughy or you’ll lose something. By the way, Johnny Goll and Betty Anderson have gone and done it, too. She spent all last week with him in Indianapolis and were seen holding hands everyplace. Surprise. The DUs had a party just before vacation and didn’t have any beer. What do you know about that? Phi Gam Steve Minton gave up a promising career the other day when he quit Debris. He said that he had sold so many Debrises and was so far ahead of everybody else, that he decided to quit and give the other people a chance. Darn white of you, Steve. Well, today is April 1, and if you people believe all of this, you’re a bigger fool than we think you are.
From All Fronts , Pgj(|
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS NOW HE'S ON THE SpR
GUY KIBIEE 0$ Claranai Budington Ktlland’s 'lamout fiction chorocler Carol Hughas • Joht Archar • Franeia Trout • Emma Duna • Loa (La$$is) WMto
THE EAST SIDE KIDS IN Pride of the Bowery with LEO GORCEY BOBBY JORDAN
Toda/s Summary Of War News Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Oopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc, • Axis Protest Expected A violent Axis protest is expected in Washington following the taking over of more than 60 German, Italian and Danish merchant ships in American ports. The total tonnage is about 300,000. • Nazi Minister Leaves The German minister to Belgrade has announced he is leaving for home and the Yugoslav envoy to Berlin has come home. The ,situation was described as “practically “hopeless,” with a Nazi ultimatum expected. • Five Italian Warships Sunk In a week-end battle the British Mediterranean fleet sunk three 10,000-ton Italian cruisers and two destroyers, the Admiralty reports. A batlesthip was listed as damaged. Nine hundred Italians were rescued. • Vichy (government Protests The Vichy government announced today that it was protesting what it described as a British attack on a French convoy in the Mediterranean. The British said their ships were fired on by shore batteries. • Balbo Killed By Sabotage With feeling against Mussolini growing among Italians, supporters of the late Italo Balbo now reveal, radios George Weller from Athens, “that the ace pilot was actually the victim of sabotage which caused his plahe to explode in midair.” • British Bi|sy In Air A British air raid on iwo German battleships in the harbor at Brest was followed today by a blasting attaclk on the French invasion coast and German shipping in the channel.
In South America Attack United Stales By Allen Hadeh SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign; Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Buenos Aires — (By Clipper) — German-paid presses in Argentina daily print thousands of pamphlets, comic strips and other material (not including newspapers) attacking Great Britain. The heat is now being turned on Uncle Sam. A “disclosure” has just been made here “proving” the United States responsible for Latin America’s troubles. ^ It is done very politely. When you buy a newspaper, the newsboy whispers with the air of a Parisian postcard vender, “Want to see something interesting?” And into your newspaper he slips a pamphlet, innocently called “Germany and Iberoamerica.” Fifteen short chapters tell you that American policy in the last 20 years has enslaved all “Iberoamericans,” and if Germany is only allowed to win this war a new era will dawn. The word “Iberoamerica” is a curious one for Germans to use. Iberia is the old name for Spain. It is equivalent in English to “Spanish America.”
• British Advance Continues The British, pushijjg on toward Addis Ababa, announce the occupation of Diredawa, 200 miles from the Ethiopian capital. This new advance gives them control of the only railroad between Addis Ababa and the coast. e English Peace Aims ' “The demand for a clear, comprehensive exposition of Great Britain’s peace aims continues despite everything that the government has done to squelch it,” cables William H. Stoneman from Londop. iI 1
i
//
;
ipuAdiUL Sxpmumt
Tuesday^ A|)ril 1, 1941
fiaoiL S-Sixhiiitf
oilermakers Discard inter-Collegiate Football
Fehringy Fish ft Head Watting Leahy Talks At Wayne Defeats Factions In Baseball Civil Wat Annual Football Mermen; End Hope
l^ober, sunburned faces greeted local fans who welcomed the varsity baseball team back from their annual training trip through the South Friday afternoon. One of the most serious rifts ever to split up a college athletic organization had occurred during the southern sojourn.
The story came out by degrees, by scattered sentences muttered from angry mouths as the squad forrfifed two groups upon alighting from the bus. One faction gathered around Coach Dutch Fehring, the other looked to the leadership of
captain Bud Fisher. Boys Stay Out Late
As far as Pensacola the trip had been flawless, even terminating in a successful engagement with the navy lads there. A good night's rest^was scheduled before pushing on to Auburn Tuesday. Cortese, Bylene, Blanken and Fisher did not show up in their hotel rooms until
quite late that night.
>, Coach Fehring was seen to approach these lads on the bus the next day and speak a quiet sen-
tence.
Bedlam broke loose. With a snarled, “Why, you — !’’ big, good-na-tured' Bud Fisher lunged at Fehring and hurled him nearly through a window on the other side of the car. Immediately, without knowing who or why they were fighting, every man on the bus pitched in. The coach came to a stop in Earlham, Ga., and the fighting ^mob belched out into a suddenly awakened village square. Battle Subsides In time exhaustion forced the battle to subside and they rolled on toward Alabama Poly, the two sides, now definitely split, keeping carefully to opposite ends of the
bus.
With total disorganization rampant, the group naturally took bad beatings at Auburn and Atlanta, occasional fights on these diamonds amazing spectators. In an effort to conceal the scandal the trip was brought to an end as soon as possible, the team returning to the campus a full two days early.
Sportswomen To Sponsor Penny Carnival Saturday The annual Penny Carnival sponsored by Purdue Sportswomen, athletic honorary, will be held Saturday, April 6, from 7:30 to 12 o’clock in the women’s gymnasium. TJie sororities, the residence halls, and independents will have booths at the carnival and will compete for a cup given by WAA. The adnfission price for each of these booths will be one cent. Last year the winning booth was constructed by Pelta Gamma sorority. A program will be put on by WAA members at 8:16. A demonstration mixed doubles badminton game, a fencing exhibition, and a clown tumbling act will make up the program. Members of the Triton club, women’s swimming honorary, will put on two performances of a water ballet during the evening.
tfi
ADULT TAP CLASSES — OPEN THIS WEEK — BEGINNER'S WEDNESbAY ADVANCED THURSDAY 6:30 P. M. ALLEN’S«TH & FERRY
REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Foiirth and Ferry
Lafayette
Clinic Aptil 4-5 For National Swim
Tennis Team Drafted; LaBree Issues Call For Spring Practice After losing ten out of twelve of his net stars because of the Selective Service Act and scholastic rules, Larry LaBree, Boilermaker tennis mentor, is sending out a call for everyone on the campus who has played one or more matches to report this afternoon in room 101
of the Fieldhouse.
Coach LaBree is worried over the loss of his men, because this year he has lined up some of the most outstandihg teams in the country to oppose the Gold and Black. After a personal conference with President Elliott on matters pertaining to physical preparedness and other things, it has been decided that the team should make a trip east, meeting such schools as Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Cornell, and V. M. I. Newmans To Hold Retreat This Saturday And Sunday Plans for the Newman Club’s an-nual’week-end retreat at St. Mary’s Church are nearing completion, according to Bud Leuers, president of the group. Father Gabriel, O.M.CAP., will conduct the affair which will start at 1:30 p. m., Sat-
urday, April 6.
There will be talks on the religious side of life by Fr. Gabriel throughout Saturday afternoon and evening. Sunday morning will be taken up with mass and a breakfast which has been moved up a week to tie in with the retreat. After a few more conferences in the afternoon, activities will close with Benediction at 4 p. m. Sunday. An Easy Victory’ . . . was won by University hogcalling team last night over the Chicago University team at Chicago. The judges stated, however, that it was Captain Morgie Miers who cinched the meet for Purdue.
When £he tenth anilual Boilermaker Football Clinic cbnvenes here the week-end of April 4 and 6, Notre Dame’s new football coach and athletic director, Frenk Leahy, will be one of the principal ^speakers. Leahy, who took over ^t the Irish institution when Elmer Layden resigned to become Professional Football commissioner, experienced a great deal of success as coach of the Boston College Eagles. Intra-Squad Battle Mai Elward hopes that Leahy will add to the imposing list of notables who plan to discuss the gridiron game in all of its phases. During the two days of the clinic, special attention will be given to individual ijnstruction. A round-table discussion, dealing-with the problems of high school and college coaches and a tenth birthday dinner have also been planned. An in-tra-squad game between picked members of the Riveter varsity will complete the program. Leahy’s teams were undefeated at BC for two consecutive seasons —something that forcibly etched his name upon the sports pages of every paper in the country. The pew Rambler mentor reached his zenith of coaching accomplishments on New Year’s Day by guiding his team to a 19 to 13 victory over Tennessee. Bob Neyland’s Volunteers were picked by the dopesters to take that one, but came out on the short end of the score. O’Rourke Runs It A spindle-legged Irishman in the personage of quarterback Charlie O’Rourke, all 150 pounds of him, upset the dope buckets and gave the prognosticators a morning - after headache. The score was 13 to 13 as the shadows lengthened across the Sugar Bowl in that game in New Orleans. The majority of the spectators and a tired bunch of Vols were about ready to settle for a stalemate. It was then that Charlie O’Rourke took the ball, cradled it in his arm and did a piece of footwork that rivaled a high-wire artist, as he raced through the opposition for six points.
All hope of the Riveter mermen competing in the national collegiate championships at East Lansing, Mich., this weekend disappeared when the team made the poorest showing of the* year against the Fort Wayne YMCA in the opponent’s tank last Friday. Jack Carney, who is usually sure to place, injured his back before the meet so that he took last place in the 220 yard frpe style with a time of 2:19.2. He has not responded to treatment to date so that he probably will not compete again this year, according to Coach Papenguth. Williamson Also Out Joe Williamson, one of the fastest 200 yard breast strokers on the team who holds a pool record, will also be out of service for the remainder of the season with a severe case of smallpox. The loss of two members of the team would liot have struck the death blow to the team if the Army had not claimed a major part of the sophomores and freshmen including Fred Herr and Ted Andersen. Kappa Psi To Show Movie For Pharmacy Students A new sound movie on neoprene, synthetic rubber, will be shown before the pharmacy school at 4 p. m. in room 311 of the Union this afternoon under the sponsorship of Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical honorary. The twenty minute film deals with process of manufacture, explanation of its chemical formula, tests and vaiied uses of the material. w.e.r. R. C. Binder ... of the school of mechanical engineering, had an article entitled, “Chart of Air-Vapor Mixture Properties at Different Pressures” in the March issue of the Journal of .^plied Mechanics, published by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
Ttustees Behind Elwatd In His Abolition Of Big 70 Competition With a shouted “I refuse to play my boys against professionals !” Athletic director and head football coach Mai Elward yesetrday abolished football from the Purdue campus. This drastic move came yesterday after a stormy conference with Dave Ross, George Ade, President Elliott, Hutchinson from Chicago, Brown of Ohio State, and Eth Baugh, secretary of the Alumni association. ^
Debate orse to feverish heat, several times threatening to break into physical violence. It started calmly enough with Hutchinson, President of Chicago University, stating the benefits that his institution had reaped since the abandonment of these “brutal brawls.” Elliott took up where Hutchinson left off, pointing out that the members of the team suffered scholastically a«i well as physically and that they were misfits after they
graduated.
Dave Ross, no longer able to contain himself, interrupted at this point by exclaiming, “What will become of my stadium? Why do you think I built it, to be played tiddly-
winks in?”
Elward’s mighty voice finally rose above the roar. He brought enough order to ram through the motion. Hig logic,-was irreproachable. Outstanding points were: 1. Other schools are reluctant to schedule us since our stadium and geographical position make it impossible to hold big home games. 2. A good half of next year’s varsity has been drafted. 3. There isn’t enough employment o nthe campus to keep good men in school. 4. There is nothing to draw good men to the campus.
6. Big ten conference rules do not permit participation in ^‘bowl” games, the real money-makers. Though there was much dissection in the meetiqg, now that it has become a law, the board of trustees is solidly behind the id^a and have
pledged their full support.
WBAA Frequency Change Moves To 920 Kilocycles In common with 18 other Indiana stations, the Purdue University radio station, WBAA, started broadcasting on a new frequency Satur-
day morning, March 29.
The new frequency for the University station, the oldest in the state, is 920 kilocycles. The old positions of WBAA on the dial will be taken over by WLS, Chicago. The power of WBAA remains the same, with 1000 watts for daytime opera-
tion and 500 watts for night. J. C. Ralston
.. . assistant state 4H club leader now on the University staff, was in a critical condition yesterday in the Cleveland Clinic Foundation Hospital, Cleveland, Ohio, following a major operation last tYednesday.
the Fur due Exponent \ Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. IHIAROLD J. RISK 4th fir Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education \
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V'2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Ice and Coal
• Jewelers
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL GO. , PHONE 5078
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OP SQUARE
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware ^ Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
If ll's ^Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.-—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Dellvier
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Just a Suggestion-
To Those Who Enjoy Meals Out . . .
Plan a little formal dinner in the ChestmU Room •. » . or why not ini^te several couples' to join you in a special-occasion dinner party.
Just a suggetsion, yes, but why not? Reserve a big table, dress up, and enjoy the pleasures of ‘‘Putting on the dog.^’ in the CHESTNUT ROOM
JhsL fiwtdusL Tnjmuo^dctL Union. r The Corner of the Cmnpu9~ Yet the Center of College Aetivkiee
<<M »
%^-^yuu»A,
Tuesdoy^ April 1/ 1941 •- ■^ - ■' ' ■■■■ ^
Exponent Tops Colburn To Discuss Sigma Alpha EpsiliOn
In Raspberry
Field Says ACP
Heat Transfer Here
Associated Collegiate Press, national collet newspaper service, yesterday released an announcement at its headquarters in Minneapolis giving special recommendation to the Purdue Exponent for “superior humor and frequency of its 1‘azz editions.” The citation stated that the Exponent razz editions showed great originality and “no small amount of downright corn-age.”
Theta Xi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of James Track, Michigan City; Robert Schaaf, Ft. Wayne, and Arthur F. Woods, Syracuse, New York.
Dr, Allan P. Colburn, acting head of the division of chemical engineering at the University of Delaware, will be principal speaker at the third symposium on Heat Transfer to be held here April 7 and 8. A leading authority on conductive heat ti-ansfer. Dr. Colburn was associated with the E. I. DuPont de NeMours Company for many years. He is a member of Tau Beta Pi, Lambda Upsilon, Sigma Xi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, the American Chemical Society, ASChE, and has made many contributions to ASME publi-
cations.
Sigma Alpha Mu ... social fraternity, announces the initiation of Edward Lang, Chicago; John Nestel, New York City; Stanley Lowy, Washington, D. C.; Mprt Isaacs, Helena, Arkansas; and Malvern Schweig, St. Louis, Mis-
. . . social fraternity, ahnopnces the pledging of William H. Hum- , mel, Robert K. Middleton, Robert E. Wilson, Indianapolis; Charles E. Hattery, Celina; Ohio; ■ Frank E. Knutzen, Hinsdale> 111.; Louis Slater, West Lafayette; Glen R. Stpckmeier, Wyoming, Ohio; Robert E.
Strauss, Wilmette, 111.
Phi Mu
... social sorority, announces the election and installation of the following officers: President, Lenore Hofer; 1st Vice-president, Winifred Kreipke; 2nd Vice-president, Janet Avery; Secretary, Jean Ann McClintock; Treasurer, Elaine Carson^; Ass. Treasurer, Virginia Stech; Registrar^ Jean Rieck; Reporter, June Claire Kuntz; Historian, Betty Trexler; Librarian, Grace Byrne; Chaplain, Maribeth Sharp; Activities Chairman, Louise Blalock; Social Chairman, Sue Van Deren.
Your clothes need the EXTRA Protection MONITE Moth-Proofing Process gives. Grown has the exclusive franchise to use this service. '
It costs you nothing extra.
r i N E C L E A N U R S 0 T FIN E CLOT HE f
Persofine/ Motes
CAMPUS WEEK QF MARCtf 31— American Brass Co., Buifalb^ N. Yy, April 3, 1941, Sr. J^gipeers. Lyon Metal Products, Aurora, III., April 4, 194-1,, Sci. (Econontic mifjors). E. I. duPont de Nemours, W'ilmingtpn^ Dela., April 4, 1941. Senior Al.E., E.K, C.E., also Junior i^.E. Cummins Engine Co., Columbus, April 4, 1941, E.E. Ch.E.,' M.E. Prest-O-Lite Company, Indianapolisj April 4,1941, M.E. Boeing Aircraft Co., Seattle, Wash., C.E,, E.E., M.E. Bureau of Personnel, State of Indiana, Indianapolis, Sr. or Graduate males —Bus. Administration, Perrsonnel Adm. or Economics. Bureau of Personnel, State of Indiana, Indianapolis, Sr. or Graduates—Bus. Administration, Personnel Adm. or Economics. Delco Products, Dayton, O., E.E. and M.E. F. L. Heughes & Cq., Inc., Rochester, N.Y., M.E. Hewitt Rubber Corp., Buffalo, N. Y,, M.E. Inland Steel Co., E. Chicago, E.E. —Summer employment. Hoppers Company, Pittsburgh, Pa., M.E., C.E., Ch.E. Limoges China Co., Sebring, 0., M.E.' Niles Steel Products Div. Republic Steel Corp., Niles, O., M.E. ' -Owens-Illinois Glass Co., Alton, 111., M.E. Henry Pratt Co., Chicago, 111., C.E. and M.E. — Juniors only for summer work. Universal Gear Corp., Indianapolis, Ch.E., C.E.,P.S.E.,. and General Engineering."'' Bacharach Industrial Instrument Co.,: Pittsburgh, Pa.j M.E. and E.E. New Departure Bearing Division, GMC, Chicago, 111., M.E.
WHY NOT 7 7 The Advertisers patronise the Exponent, the school’s official paper.. •' ■ ■■ ^ ^ ^ Without advertisers ... no paper ... without a paper ... no school publicity ... no school publicity . . . where would you and Purdue be? '
So Why Not Be— A PATRONISER OF THE ADVERTISER 11 ■'
Ingiheer Speed-Up ^
Sophomore and junior engineers not affectpA by the placing of the ROTC in iTederal eei^ce wil| uate from five to nine'months earlier in accordance with the plan of study established by executive order, of President E. C. Elliott after several conferences Vrith the heads of the various schools and national defense director 'W. S. Knqjdsen. Under the new plans of studyi juniors will continue to study through the siqn^^ Withput yacatiohs arid will graduate an time to take jobs January 1, 1942. , No Vacations The sophomores will study contiriuously without vacations until they grl^duate tbp fir^t week of September, i942.'fin this Way, industry will have' the aid of these two classes of engineers to aid in ^e nations’ defense when the need is the greatest. When asked if he believed the engineers produced under the streamlined plan would be as capable as the engineers produced under the old curriculum. Dr. Elliott said, “Naturally the men will not havh the background and experience to handle unusual problems but as fa ras regular problems met in the defense industries, they will be adequately prepared.” >
Ads
Typewcitera and - addinc mMiUnM, new and'OB^, for sale, rent and repair^. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. MimeoBraph and multiffraph work. C. F; Bbershoif, 606 Main St. Plione; 2.179. For Rent; Rusa-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407. ' ^ y • Will persons who took laundry bag and suit from car parked at Union Sunday noon mail at least the three dresses to address on bag. Phone 2314. , ■' ' ' ' ' • ■
Notices
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 1, at 7:30-p. m. at the north door of the _EE building for inspection trip and technical demonstration of new WBAA studios. —FREED.
Eta Kappa Nu:-Meeting in room 308 of the Union, Tuesday, April 1; at 7 :30 p. m. for election of pledges, Attendance mondatory. • ' / —HOLCOMB.
Basketball Ticket Sellers and Takers: Checks may be obtained at Field House Ijy presenting badges. —DOAN. Freshman Association: No ndeeting tonight. ' S. —HARTER.
Silver Mask: Short business meeting of all actives and pledges in the fencing room at the Fieldhouse today. Pledges will unveil to be reviewed for a short time. All who can’t remember what they look like are invited to attend. —WEGENER.
' Dolphin Club: Meeting Tuesday night at 7j15 p. m. in Fieldhouse. All actives and pledges be there. —SILER.
Electrical Engineers: AIEE membership drive for Sophomores and Juniors will start today. Memberships will be taken in front of room 129 in the EE budding, or by the officers. —WISE.
Interfraternity Presidents’ Council: Special meeting Tuesday, April 1, at 7 :00 p. m. in the Delta Tau Delta house. ' —PETTY.
All Students: WBAA is .holding Open House at 7:30 p. mr today .sponsored by the Purdue Radio Club. The public is invited and may enter the Music Hall studios through the doorWay under the bridge from the Administration Building. —REYNOLDS. Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 1, at 7:30 p. m. in WBAA studios in the Music Hall. Enter through doorway under bridge from Administration Building. Public is invited. ’ —REYNOLDS.
Physical Education for Women Classes: Registration for spring term activities end
Mary Kay Miller: Happy birthday. EXPO STAFF. Tuesday, April 1. Every freshman and sophomore woman must have signed up for her spring activities by that time. 7-HAZLETON.
Forestry Club: Meeting,tonight at 7 :30, Horticulture building for election of officers. All members must be present. ' —WALLACE. Plying Club: Meeting at 7 p. m. on Wednesday, April 2, in room 263 of the Union. ' . —GRENE.
Ceres Actives and Pledges: Short meeting Tuesday evening, April 1, 7 p. m. in room 232 Union'. . —HOD.
AWS House Presidents’ Council: There will be a meeting at 7:0p in the AWS office on Tuesday, April 1. All house presidents or representatives are urged to attend. —DOHER-TY. ME 31. C’s and Pa Make-up: Final for C and I grades in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building. —KEMLER; Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting of oifficers at 6 p^m. in west lounge of Union Tuesday, April. 1. ■■ WAYNE.' .
By William H. StonowAtt . , SPECIAL CABI-E ifd '^Vicwo News Fowifoi .Sefrvlce. Copyright; 194i, ChieaW Daily^eviM, Inc. London, March 31. '—^In the first general fleet engagement since the battle of Jutland the Bi*itiSli Mediterranean fleet ori Friday definitely destroyed tteee 10,000-tori Italian cruisers, one flotilla leaiSer Arid Another destroyer, it was confirmed by the Admiralty this noon. ' It is also definitely known that one battleship of the Littori^lass was badly damaged by British Swordfish torpedo bombers. . Total British losses amburited to two bombers. Two junkers-SS dive bombers also were destroyed. As the details reached London, it was evident that the Italian fleet had been brought to bay, after many previous escapes, by the skillful use of British torpedo bombers. and high-level boriibers. (Italy acknowledged today the loss of three cruisers and two destroyers in a naval battle With British warships and said that, while British losses were not determined, they “might have been serious.” The daily war bulletin said an Italian submarine had reported sinking a merchant ship of mediuni-toDDage in the Atlantic.)
GE 35: Examination for removal of condition April 12. Make arrangements in room 202 Michael Golden Shops l^fpre Friday. April 11. —QWEN.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting at Fowler Hall at 6 p.. m. Tuesday, April 1. . —MARTIN.
Placement Notes for Women: Miss Charlotte Vollbracbt of Goodyear will be on the campus April 3 to interview senior women for secretarial positions and for analytical work in chem labs. Seagram and Sons of Louisville interested in seniors for production supervision. Call placement service for women immediately, No. 2966, for information and Interviews.
, All Students: Believe half of what you see, one-quarter of what you hear, but you’re really a fool if you believe anything you read in the Exponent. ' —DONAHUE.
PE Ib Exam: Examination for removal of C grades in PE Ib will be in room 210 C. and M. building Saturday, April 5, at 1 p. m. Register with undersigned before 3 p. m. April 14. —SHERMAN.
Horticulture Society: Meeting Wednesday, April 2, room 117, Horticulture building at 7 :30 p. m. All members please be there. —WOLF-
Forestry Club: There will be a short meeting at 7:30 p. m. April 1 to elect officers. All attend; a quorum must be present. Refreshments later. WSW.
Scabbard and Blade Actives: There will be., a meeting at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, April 3, in room 366 in the Union. —MEESE.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday •evening, April 1, 7:30 p. m. in room 261 at the Union. —GERSTUND.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Short meeting at 4 i. m. Tuesday. —ARVIDSON.
All Egg and Chick Show Committees: Report at Poultry Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday tp mail out catalogues. - : —RAMP.
Varsity Show Dance Chorus: Be in Music Hall at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April T. Everjlone who has tried out ihust be at this rehearsal. Any new people wishing to try out should report at the. same time. ^ -^KNIGHT,
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges: Meeting today, 6:16 p. m., room 804 of Union. —HAGBMEYER.
WAA: Gold team practice at 4 p. m., black team practice at 4 :30 p. m., 4'uc^day, ' Wednesday, and Thursday. —BRITTON.
WAA: Tumbling practice at 7 p. m. Tuesday. Four-penny carnival. All out. —BRI’TTQN.
PI A Dance Classes: Advanced dance classes will 'meet Tuesday, April 1, Beginners will meet Thursday, April 8. —HUMPHREY.
To Whom It May Concern: The Lost and Found department at the Student Senate office will be closed after Tuesday, April 1, to Monday, April 7. —LAWRENCE.
Triton Members: Meeting Tuesday at 7 :16. Pledges and members. Election of officers on Thursday, WAA office. —BEMIS.
POMM: Pledging postponed until Tiies-' day, —YEAGER.
Union: Important meeting of all.sophomore Union' Workers Wednesday, April 2, in room 366 of _the Union. If interested in the picnic, be there. ' ^PITTMAN. All Engineers: All engineers who have not paid thelj- subscription to the Purdue Engineer please remit one dollar during the next two weeks. Office in' Union open 4-6:39 dailyr . —LARITZ.
Juniors: Those interested in summer employment' with the Proctor and' Gamble Company will report to room 129, Electrical Engineering building, Wednesday, April 2,; at,'7 p. m., to take the test which "is re-' quired by this company of all their pros^ pective employees. The date of this test has been changed from April. 1, as previously announced. -
ASCE: Meeting Thimsday, April 3, at 7:80 in room 201 of the CE building. —McCAMMON. Aero Modelers: Meeting Friday, ApriiA, room 261 of the Union at 7:80 :’p. m. . —VELKOFF.
To All Freshmen Baseball Candidates: Report for meeting Tuesday, April 1, at 4 o'clock in room 107, of the Fieldhouse. ^DOAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7:80 Tuesday, Apri.r 1. in room 806 of the Union, Therp w}ll be^n election of officers. Active members -should try to be present. —BURROUGHS.
.Jv
4