,:U
CHE^S TEAM Jihx Gridiron Contest By Defeating Indiana
WLAYSHOP
Selects Caisf
For 'Moon Is Down'
111
Established 1889
Voliime 55, No. 51 Pick Jurgens For Cary Club Formal Maestro To Appear Here For Last Time Before Induction Into Armed Forces I By Martha Lee Riggs Dick Jugens’ famed “Here’s That Band Again” will appear on’ the campus once again for the Cary Club formal dinner-dance-which will be held Friday night in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:80 until 11:30. His first appearance on this campus was at last year’s Sophomore Cotillion, and since JurDick Jurgens
’f^ttrdue Ufilversityt West^ Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 24, 1942
Capipgf fommunity Chest Drive Totals $400 From Student Gifts
T? At |Epnyf| Bandlkill Also
Play For Mixer f(jvvler Hall
! . with the aid of a hawser, joe Potzner, and a broken down bpss with a loose string, prgvides a good show along with his
“danceable rhythm.”
gehs will be inducted into the army immediately after his appearance this time, this will probably be his last. Las£ Tuesday 300 tickets, all of which have been sold, were placed on sale by Cary Club because of the much smaller number of,students residing in the halls this year. This is the firt timc'the Cnry Club winter formal has been, in any way, an open dance and it will offer many other students an opportunity to dance to the “danceable Jurgens rhythm”. I Although the band is noted principally for its sweetness, its numerous novelties and full ar-
rangements keep the more lestless
members of the crowd happy. Band Organized In California
Mosst of the players have been wiiA the band since its was organized at Sacramento Junior College, while they were students there and lived wjthin six blocks of one another. Jurgens himself, formerly first trumpet in the band, was chosen as leader after an auto accident in which he injured hi's lip. Now he only plays trumpet in spe-
cialty numbers.
Alvino Key, his'singing guitar and his orchestra, will appear at a special c'onvocation in the Music Hall from 7 to 8 p. m. on Saturday, December 5, it was announced last night by officials of the Student Union. Jointly sponsored by the Committee on Convocations and the Student Union, the convocation will mark the anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, and will emphasize the sale of war stamps. The band will also play for a post-convocation mixer in the Union ballrooms. Single admi-'sion tickets will be given with the purchase of fifty cents worth of war stamps during the week before the convocation, or at the door of the Hall of Music. Union officials urge the coeds to take the responsibility of buying theii’ own tickets for the convo, to boost the University’s war stamp and bond sales. The special war stamp tickets for the convocation will be required for entrance to the mixer in the Union, in addition to the regular mixer admission tickets. The same war stamp tickets can be used for both the convocation and the mixer. Rey’s orchestra, now playing at the College Inn of the Hotel Sherman in Chicago, features the four King sisters as vocalists. One of the King sisters is the orchestra leader’s wife. Price of the tickets for the dance has not been announced as yet but will be announced with other details in a future edition of the Exponent.
Student War Council Canvasses
Speech 14 finalists Organizations To Collect Funds ' ' ' According to an announcement made by Ralph Deuster, Pres-
ident of the Student Union, the campus-wide drive for community chest funds which ended yesterday, gathered donations totalling over $400 from the various University organizations. Donations were received in approximately even amounts from Greek letter organizations and from independent groups. ' ——— A total of $211.81 was given
by fraternities and sororities, consisting of $180.34 from University fraternities and $31.47 from the sororities. Cary Club and the Women’s residence halls contributed $201.06, $120.00 from WRH and $81.05 from
Cary Club.
PIA coed organizations contributed a sum of $6.02 and the SCA groups gave $3.00. The drive was carried on in eooi’dination with the national Community Chest drive, and more spe-
Convo Will Feature Five Student Speakers Five students will speak tonight at 7:15 in Fowler Hall at the annual convocation for speech 14 students which is sponsored by the University speech department. This convo is not a contest but is a demonstration of the business-project type speech. All students now taking Speech 14 are required to at-
tend.
The five students chosen to take part in the convocation are William Moser, D. H. Looney, W. A. Andre, William Simpson, and A1 Jarema. One student was chosen by his classmates from each of the twentysix speech classes and competed in competition last week at various contests in Fowler Hall. From these twenty-six the faculty picked the five who showed the best all-around speaking ability and had the most interesting speeches. The doors of Fowler Hall will be open at 7 p. m. tonight and the demonstration is to be open to the public.
Boyd
Raeburn Will For Pan-Hell
Dante Next Week
Play
Ticket's Now On Sale At Sorority Houses Continuing the year’s series of coed bid dances, the annual PanHellenic formal will be held Friday night, December 4, to the music of cifically the local canvass for the Boyd Raeburn and his orchestra. Tippecanoe County Community Tickets are on sale in all sorority Fund which is under the direction
of Simon Heemstra.
L. W. Joselyn, University li-
houses. >.
Raeburn was launched on a professional career by a campus band brarian, was appointed by Heem-
contest held while he was attending the University of Chicago. As a ro-
stra to head the campus drive, and he in turn enlisted the support of
Acacia
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Don Horth, president; Jack Kimbrell, senior dean; John Flexon, junior dean; Bob Gallatin, secretary; and Frank Skinner, treasiu’er.
suit of the publicity gained from the student war council, which taking first honors in the contest asked the various campus organthe young leader was given a year’s izations to contribute,
contract to play in Chicago restaurants during the 1933 World’s Fair.
Played At Chicago
Today Raeburn has a 14 piece band and a record of successful engagements at such spots as the Chez Paree and Hotel Congress in Chicago, and the Roosevelt Hotel in New Orleans. All of this is a far cry from the South Dakota ranch where Raeburn first learned to play the sax, clarinet, and later the
piano.
Today this band is classified as
Big Robbie Will Lechire On Thinking At Second Convo ,
Session Set
For? p. m. Friday
At one time, when his hand con($ee DICK JURGENS, page 4) F, W. Greve III, Dies In Florida Air Crash
Navy Cites Lt. G. 1 Dix For Gallantry In Battle
Lt. Gerald J. Dix, a graduate of
the University, Was recently awarded the Order of the Purple Heart for. his gallantry aboard the aircraft carrier Langley after it hgd
been struck by Jap bombs. Dix was stationed aboard the
carrier when 16 enemy bombers at«tacked and sank it and was struck by flying bomb fragments which wounded him in the arm and jaw. After a destroyer rescued him from the sea, he was sent to Christmas
Island for medical treatment. On Christmas I.sland he was met
by another Jap air raid and transferred to the tanker Pecos, which was in turn sunk a few hours after it left the island. After floating on some wreckage for five hours, he wa.s again rescued by a de.stroyer and sent to a safer base for treat-
ipent.
Senior
Announcements Senior announcements will be on sale the remainder of this week in the three book stores and in the senate office. The sale will close Saturday noon, and seniors are urged 10 get them before this time. . There ai'e three different kinds: white leather formal invitations for ,40c, white cardboard invitations for 20c, and plain announcements for 5c.
is becoming better known With Thegg eonvos have been planned by every appearance and seems de- the Freshman Camp Committee of stined to reach the top in its type the Religious Council with the as-
of music.
This Friday the second convoca-
one of the more versatile outfits, tion on the general theme, “The
Holley CaS'buref'OI’ Co. everything from Technique of Studying, Thinking Mr. H. J. Middleditch, Person- Viennese waltzes.“Rhythm ^nd Inventing’’ will be held in room nel Manapr. Holley Carburetor 1’^ ® 7 to 8 p. m.
Co., Detroit, Michigan, will be on the campus Wednesday, November 25, to interview December and April ME for field engineering and service, and aircraft carburetor research development and design. Holley Carburetor Co. is one of the two companies supplying aircraft carburetors in the United States at the present time. For further information, inquire at the Personnel Office immediately.
Coed Hours There will be 12 o’clock hours on Wednesday due to the Thanks-
giving holiday.
—AWS Judicial Board.
Conductor . . .
Varied Musical Experience Leads Golschmann To Symphonic Post
Military funeral rites fnr Ensign Fredciick W. Greve III, son of P\-of. Fi'bjderick W. Greve, of the engineering faculty, and Mr.-,. Florence Grgve, English insiiuctoi’ in Lcvv Wallhce high school at Gary, \Ycrc conducted at Roft'ci; and Henderson
funerhl home Monday forenoon. Dr.\ ^ ^11 t.'f.'William,s, Trjnity church, of- Pan-AmericaH Club
ficjatefl.j The University Naval Sta- -
tion ]u'ovided a navy escort for the Dvacon'fc AAfWIfiC
funeral and sounded taps at the
burial in Grand View. the open meeting of the PanEnsign Greve was a sludent hero I’lirdue Club holiday evcunt|l .he left school to enlist a.s a Slieet, local attorney, naval aviation cadet in 1910. Rb, ,Sti(>eL presented motion death was the result ol a crasli ol oj Mexico. Members of the naval planes at Pensacola, Fla., ^hisses from West Lafaywhere he was serving as ins)ructor ■-c-hool attended the mectfor advanced navy flight training. Membership in the club is limTbe body ol Ensign (jicve ariivod those possessing a knowlin Lafayette Sunday, escorted by SpanLsh as the club meet-
Ensign Lawrence L. Young;
stationed at Pensacola.
uko
ings aic conducted largely In this tongue. Anyone interested in joinlii.g may get in touch with the club officers or the faculty .sponsors. Mrs. H. II. Szmant, wife of a
.^f the Pharmacy School spoke faculty member in' the school of
Dean G. L. Jenkins
last Tuesday to an audience compo.sc'd of Ag Chem students and UKJWbers of the Ag Chem staff. His tajk) ehtitled “Medical Plant-Glwm-isfrt'y ^ud Drug Farming,” dealt with the different aspects of raising and preparing plants for drugs.
Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, ^is president. Jaime J. Perozo, a freshman pharmacy student from Venezuela, is secretary. Prof. J. T. Fotos and Prof. C. II. Patterson, of the modern language department, are the .sponsors.
By Marian Donham Sunday night at 8:30, the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra,' conducted by. Vladimir Gqlschmann, will be featured’as a regular University convocation in the Hall of Music. Admission will be by passport, season ticket, or tickets purchased at the door for $1.10. Vladimir Golschmann, the conductor of this second oldest orchestra in the United States, has been with the St. Louis Symphony .since 1931. Accomplished at both piano and violin, he has no preference for one over the other. Ho began at the piano at the age of four, but later .studied the violin. This change, he has hinted, was partly due to the competition in the piano woild. lie had a living to make, Since he was ten years old, Golsdhmann has had but one ambition—to conduct an orchestra. All his musical training has been a lesson in conducting. He did all his studying in Paris. Unusual though to believe is the fact that he has never served as an assistant conductor. Having been conductor of the Swedish Ballot and the Ballet Russe, both well-known companies pf artists of the modern ballet, he would appear to appreciate the dance. He does; rhythmic treat-
Golschmann
... . foreign born- composer, familiarly known as "The most complete conductor of our time” will lead the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra next Sun-
day.
ments enter into his interpretations to accent the inner current of the
melody.
After confessing once to an interviewer that he does compose, Golschmann added, “And to reassure you, I am a perfectly safe conductor. Never yet have I permitted my orchestra to play one of my own compositions.’’ Vladimir Golschmann visited the United States five times before he came to stay as the permanent, conductor of the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra. His first visit was a concertmaster of an orchestra sent by France to this country during the last war. He returned again as conductor of the Swedish Ballet, and came later for two consecutive seasons as guest conductor of the New York Symphony. Then ho was engaged as guest conductor for the St. Lcuis Symphony, and this led to his becoming their permanent con-
ductor.
Because he began at such an early age, Golschmann has devoted more than a third of a century of his life to music. He first gained recognition through his direction of modern music, however he later turned to German classics and other periods of music, until he is now known as the “most complete conductor of our time.”
sistance of Dr. C. H. Robertson, University alumnus. Dr. Robertson has long made a study of creative thinking, first as a teacher here, and then as a member of the group who opened China to the field of western knowledge, and finally during his years of r-etire-ment here on the campus. Many students and members.of the faculty will welcome the opportunity to hear Dr. Robertson explain his discoveries in the ways of harnessing the subconscious to do the will of the conscious mind. Although these meetings have been specifically designed for freshmen who had expressed a desire to hear more from Dr. Robertson than they were able to do at freshman camp last summer, anyone who cares to attend will be welcome. The meeting this Friday will be devoted particularly to the art of thinking. Faculty members can often profit as much as students from these discussions. Activities Bureeu Asks Survey Cooperation Activities Bureau has announced that a number of students who received cards asking them to come to the Activities office to fill out a campus-wide survey questionnaire have not, as yet, reported. T^e cards allowed two days for the students to report to fill out the questionnaire; but, if those days have proved inconvenient, the students are asked by the Bureau to cpme at the first convenient time. I'he Activties Bureau has asked for full cooperation from the students in this survey, so that they might obtain a fair representation of student opinions about campus activ-
ities.
Business Staff Compulsory meeting Tuesday, November 24, at 7 p. ra. —GJEMRE
Polls Open At 8 A. M. In Union First,Second Term Eds Eligible To Vote Annual Green Potters’ election will be held today from 8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union. All first and second semester eds are eligible to vote but passports must be shown in order to exercise this privilege. In past years the election was held to elect a president, a vice president, a secretary and a treasurer of the group but this year the election is to be organized differently. There will be a seven-man board elected to supervise the various functions of the freshman class. The candidate receiving the most votes regardless of his party will be automatically appointed president of the freshman class and chairman of the Green Potters’ Board. The three organized men with the highest number of votes and the three independent men with the best total will comprise the board. According to this, <he board is bi-parti-san as much as possible except for the supervision of the chairman. Thus the group that claims the chairman as a member will have a majority on the board and perhaps a little more control over policies in general than the other party. The fraternity freshmen or Riveter candidates are Lyle Cidst, Irwin Cummings, Jim Fahnestock, C. A. Gillespie, W[alt Hallsteen, James McCormick and William Smiley. Candidates for the independent sponsored frosh party are John Anderson, Robert Armstrong, Donald Blue, Allen Craven, Fred Hannum, R. K. Harrison, Ronald Jones, Jack Knotts and. Don Miller. A favorable turnout has been observed in past years and it is hoped that tomorrow will be no exception. All freshman eds are urgecj to vote for the candidates of their choice since it must be remembered that this board will have charge of the annual Green Potters’ Ball and the organization of this spring’s pot burning ceremony. This means future policies of the freshmen will rest in freshman hands today. Junior Cadet Officers Will Tour Fairfield Plant Of Lafayette Junior cadet officers enrolled in the ordnance course, ROTC, at the University will make an inspection tour of the Fairfield Manufacturing Company in Lafayette this week, with the first group scheduled to complete its trip tonight. The tour will be conducted in four gi'oups under the supervision of Captain W. I. Freel, ordnance instructor. Remaining trips will be made tomorrow night, Friday night, and next Monday night. Groups will leave from the Armory. Produces Ordnance Materiel Now under contract to produce oi-dnance materiel as well as supplies for the Navy, the Fairfield Company is operating 24 hours per day. The tours have been planned to include a study of maehineiy and production methods being u.'sed in manufacturing ordnance equip-
ment.
This week's trip will be the second off-campus tour made by the ordnance division under Captain Freel. Forty-four of the fifty juniors enrolled ih the course were guests at the bivouac area anti equipment display of the Army War Show held recently Indianapolis. Major R. B. Rtordon, Major C. W. Messersmith, and Lt. J. C. Vatiderford, of the Military Department staff, will accompany several groups.
‘v'i?if» \'^K T, ‘th ‘ ^
I
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
^f'V
?v'^'«ij;0 \wp‘ ' H - Tuesday, November 24^ 1932
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Biisiiiess Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. In , 5377
Dilff in Cliitf \r*i^«; F elilor \innai.in>, I dilor Spi r|s 1 Jiitjr Hiisi tss M inv or ( 10(1 1 (i ( r
^ John F Amoa Don T Brophy John H Armfitron? Robert L Hadley Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfietd
Publication Staff
Assoc ate Fditors 1 d tor al Staff P W Ochoillroo A P Hunter W E Rafert 1) ) 11 t/ \ < H kn fi H W Boswinkle K RoquemoreS W \l p rts S iff 1) I Prewer T S Paw on D Shryer C ( ( t M iff nll\ Hnll Charlotte Haps Jean I nuei riame \! I n Business Staff ( f I lUi me s Manager lulm Martin » rrlisii f Mana,rci‘» I M Wright D I Johnson T Petty (.11 Hit I Manager \ II Klouman A nl Va lager Ii na ft rrenga Jui H r 11 < d Managers h lien Claik Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent
I ] t r n (. lucf Man i ng I d tor Hu ness Marager (ted t Ji{( r «rlj ng Manager ^e< un 8 Manager t ircj n(i n Manager
Dav^ Barta Ed Humphrey hlwin Welbaura Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue ( r 1 Irr Tilton Sports Editor Shryer { r 1 a ^ons Issue Editor Speck : eporltr Rich ird on Holl inri Riggfa Lynch Schilt? Gil T Do ! an St ph n on Haynes Sunders Hahn T 1 n J\U n h>
c nl class matter at the post office m Lafay 1 in Icr the act of Congress of Maich 3 18'*9 p c al rate of postage i rovided for in section ** October o 191 aulborued January 20 1922 Ti av Ihursday I* nday and Sunday mornings r Del vered locally by earner for $l /6 for a r 00 fur two semesters by mail for 00 for a *^1 (J for two semester m t r mailed subscription $1 50 it 1 I r 1 ational advertising by National Advertis I nr C llpgc Publishers Representatives 4^0 N w York N Y
Lieutenant M. L. Underwood 1 n Li it\ ),iaduatc fiom the School of Agricul 1 cl i of 18 has lepoited loi duty as instiuetor L <,i^ity Militaij Department as a leplaee 1(1 ( I am Jolin J Giahara, who has been oi0 a r w post I t c n Lndeiviood has seived at Foit Biagg, ( i d IS a giaduatc of the Field Aitillcry School’s tLi\ Ofhcei s Foui sc ’ FoitSill Okla Lt Undei \ sIkii \\ as Summitville, Ind
k'5"‘Sl
I
n i 1 t 1 J It 1 f
i J ips L it t ll
I
r I,
t. Gerald I. Dix inc! Univcibitj student now in the aimy ^ cs the iccipient of the Purple Hcait foi I he 11,5 wounded in action on the ill fated ndei Lantle^ L on ol Ml and Mis Poitei J Dix of Sulh I 1 e listed in the an coips in Febiuaiy , r ant Dix w as 1 econiniended lor the Pin pie II I an^ley s eomniandei who cominende^I i itudc and o'- i tanee while in Jei attack
A\ George Schantz
1 1 a been pi omoted to the lank ol Fust Lieu(1 tlie U S Aimy Coips ol Engineeis (. 11/ joined the Aimy in May of this year, atior ed at the Chicago Aiieiaft Assembly iitil ll ueeiit tianslei to the Kankakee Old \i (1 lis at Joliet 111
Cadet Roger L. Reed
i 1111(1 Uin\eisity student, has lecently com 1 I t( 1 111 1 iiriiaiy liight liaining eouiscs and has hi it to I riid Aimy Ilyina Sehol loi fuithei
I i( ti( I
it Robert L. Craig
I iiiiei (Jniveisity student, has successfully ((I [1 (<d Ins piiinaiy Hying tiaininj, eouises and 1 b (11 (lit to I iiidAimvl ympSehiol Oklahoma, 1 I till 1 III ti uleioti
Lt. |. W. Craig
a yt idu tU lioiii the IJrnveisity in foiestiy with thi (liss ol '36, lb now with the aimy of occupation
Cord Parade . . . pidlv appi caching is graduation and succeetii'" exodus of the present senior class u n the campus Following immediately beii 11(1 Ibo e who giaduate is a new class, draft lioaid peimittmg, who will assume the senior 1 ! uni pi^ will be the new class in that it will e 1 na\ c the oppoiiunity of marcl^ing in the 1 c ui mal pie football game cord parade The Ll I intioduction of the senior cords to a \ ( m’ hie of squaloi accordingly will be abol1 lied xdinoi obieclive of a technical university in I Cdimtiy at wai is the pieservation of trail ions net theless if ti aditions can continue \ h little diain on the eneigj- and resources (1 I be institution, they should continue iih the football game background of ihe 1 cold paiade absent, either the cord pa(1 will be abolished for this semester, oi s( me new background will have to be found 111 fust Minnesota basketball game here ‘-ctmdat, January 9, seems to be t?ie logical ic uilable occasion for the cord parade p hcihei that day is to be chosen, or whether I ill c\(.n take place will lest largely with th Sii dent Senate and the campus service Ol «• IT i^ations who should be taking action on ti c 1 1 ittei befoie many more houi tests — b
V«lSUIHm Tm U S Pjt Off Merry'GO- round By DREW PEARSON Marshall Lauds Eisenhower For Deal With Darlan; Believes Hitler Will Shift His Airpower WASHINGTON—It bi ought no headlines, but Chief of Staff Gen Mai shall made the fii&t step Lowaid bettei coopeiation between Capitol Hill and the Execu tive Blanch of the Goveinment by holding a quiet confeience with key Senatois and Repi csontstives last week He gave them an tintimate, and on the whole opti mistic, pi ogress lepoit on the wai, which left a good impression with Congiessional leaders Both Repub beans ana Demociats weie present, most of them from the railitaiy affairs committees, and also the Vice President the Speakeis and other leadeis Gen Marshall gave the actual figures on American losses 111 Noith Africa These must remain confidential, but they were encouragingly small He explained that one reason for the light casualties was Gen Eisenhower’s peace arrangement with Admiral Dar Ian Gen Mai shall attached great importance to this since the army, navy and civilian population in Noith Afiica veie under the influence of Admiial Dai Ian Theiefoie he suggested to Congress that it would b" veiy helpful if there were no ciitical speeches of the Admiial despite his Vichy connections Admiral Dai Ian had come to visit his son who was ‘stricken with infantile paralysis, Gen Mai shall said then had letuined to Fiance But wbon his son suf feied a i elapse, Dai Ian came back to North Afiica Thus it was pure accident but a veiy fortunate one that he was in Algiers at the tune Dailan had given the Older immediately which lesulted in the saving ol many Ameiican lives Gen Marshall also paid high tiibute to Robeit Muiphy, the State Depaitments charge d’aftaiies in Fiance, who spent most of his time in Noith Afiici It was Muiphy who mapped out most of the advance political plans of the U S Aimy • Hitler May Divert Airpower Gen Marshall was also optimistic regarding the amount of Nazi strength being diverted Irom the Rus Sian front, especially airpower He felt that Hitler would have to take more and more planes away from Russia to protect Italj, now considered the solt spot of the Axis, and that Hiller eotild not lick Russia without airpoWer Another optimistic pait of the wai pictuio the Chief of Staff said was New Guinea wheie he expects some leal Allied piogiess against the Japs at Buna Note Secietaiy of the Navy Knox is now following Maishall’s cue and has invited membei of the Senate and House Naval Aftaiis Committees'^to have dinnci with him some evening soon As a result of the elec tions, it looks as if the executive blanches ol the Gove|inment had iwakened to the fact th it theie w is a Congiess • Cameraman To The Rescue Heniy Wallace is now a membei of the Shoi t Snoiteis Club It happened duiing the filming ol hi ‘Piicc ol Vietoiy” pietuie in the Paiamount studio in Washing ton Wallace was doing the Spanish veision foi Latin Amei ica, and the combination ol Klicg lights mil Spanish made him peispiie fieely r rom tune to time the make up man stepped up with polite apologies and dobbed a little panchromatic powdci on the shiny nose of the Vice President Corn bred Henry, who had never used a powder puff before grew more uneomfoitable—and kept on perspiring Plainly something was needed to case the tension It was obvious the Vice Piesulent needed a rest So the eameiaman biokc off m the middle of a "tal e” did ^aid, ‘Ml Vice Piesident may I see youi cie dentials ' ’ Wallace was mystified He did not know that this was an old gag of the Shoit Snoiteis Club a gag pulled on Winston Chuichill in the middle of a nans Atlantic flight, when the pilot asked him ‘ Maj I see join eiedentials’’ Chuichill didn t have any eieden tials, so had to pay |13, one dollai each for the thii teep membei s on the plane So the cameraman explained to the puzzled Vice President that a member of the Shoit Snorters Club always carried his credentials in the form of a marked dullai bill And if he can catch another member with out his credentials, he has to pay a dollar tor dunks for every person present So Wallace, though he never takes a clunk was duly inducted into the Shoit Snoiteis, paid S8 for the eight people pie>-ent, and was given a mailed one dollar bill The filming then continued Note A Spanish language expeit fiom the Roeke fellei Office sat in the studio, and whenevei W ilhce slipped on pi enunciation which was not often the camel as stopped for a new take • Good Deed For Mrs. Hull Mic, Co dell Hull was leaving the Shoi chain Hotel one moining when she eiicounucied Di Joe RRhlin,^ foimei Ministei of Uiuguay ‘ Can I take >ou somcwheie'' ’ ■^he ofleied “I’m going to the State Depaitment said Piehlmg “Come along, 111 take you “But ai e you going that way ’ ’ “No, but it doesn’t mattci I have nothing to do 'Anyhow, I want to see how my husband vvoik<- ’ • Odds And Ends From Washington In spite ot space slioitage, a magnificent suite of ofliees 111 the State Depaitment u still leseived lOi the veneiable “Gencial of the Aimios ’ Unfoitunate ly Pei slung has to spend all his time at the Waltei Reed Hospital Even the elephants at the national zoo aie feeling the food shoitago The Goveinment IS now lequiung all “jumbo’ peanuts to be used loi oil The U S Aimy in Noith Atru 1 will consume local fiuits and vegetables not to mention lamb and mutton, piodueed there in Uige quantities, and loi mcrly shipped to Italy I'lance and Geunany (Copyiight FJ4J, by UiiituI Peatuie Sjndieate In )
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“i m dixnosL sine ot having a happy Chnstmab—my husband can’t buy me a leliigeiator, vacuum cleanei oi a washing machine—he’ll piactically be foiced to buy m“ a tui coat”
University Calendar Tuesday, November 24
G 30P M 7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 SO PM 8 00 P M
7 00 P M 7 00 P M 8 00 P M
Kiwanis Club I ootball Binquet Sihei Mask Meeting Alph i Phi Omega Meeting Speech 14 Couvoeitioi Chiistiiu Seieneo Oi am/ tion Cl idu ite D imes Club
Noith Balhoom Union Room 502, Union Room O', Union I lizi I ovvlei Tlall Room SOS Union F ist I leultv Lg( Union
Wednesday, November 25
Viisity Chii'^tnn I llowsl ip Mam igc Course U S 0 Dane-
Room 307 Union Rms 302 <L 301 Union Memoi 1 ll G> innasium
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus I evei Bros ( o H immon ! In (hana—Novemhei 21 Iiitiieskd in vs omen ebemisls Hollej (arbeictoi (o Dell cut Michigan—Kovi mbc 1 25 Inteus* c 1 in Ml Sii n in P(i>-onnel Office Cummins I ngine Co Col mbus Iiul—Novcinbei 0 1 itci stc I ii Deeemliei and Api il ML Sign in Peisonnel Office by Situidiy n ion Novcmbei 2P Ingersoll Rind ( o Pm \ —T)e eembei 7 ind 8 Intciested in 1)^ eembe i mil Api il ei ^ nc Koppeis Company Baltnioic Mai \ land Irteie ted in Deec mliei and Apiil Aciol Sign ii Psisonnci Office Consolidafed Vii craft Corpori turn Foil Woifh, I exas—Intel est ed in Dccembei mil Apiil CF Ml AL Sign in Peisonnel Offi e In Wednesclij Dccembei 2 Dodge ( fuca„o Plant Dims on >f Chryslci Cafporatioii Chic igo 111 —InteiestccI in cnginotis Sign in Peisonnel Office by VVedne d j Dc cembci 2 Placement Notes For Wotiion Cicneral Motors Ccipoialun Ue tioit Michigan Inteie ted in cnioi women ehemut-, (^^eiciil oiialita live quantitative ai ly is) pins ICS majnis mathcinalies m ijois for statistical woik mate ml in ily^-i en„ineciiiig jueificition s le inalvsi metallui^i ts Inuiiie administ)<xtion eiaduatc with \(i> in iccounting seeietaiic iitii viewers uid a istmi n pei on lel woik cn„ineei Wught Field l)a\to Oho L tciested in wc men toi [o lUons in the Aimy 5.11 lo ccs a tl i f IJ No fields specified hut ) o i lo i ( iviilible in 1 mo t (vci ^ ))c r
YWCA mil Select Two New Advisors I 1 1 h the Ll ual fall election ot office I the Y\V^t A IS v^oin^ to (Let Iw ) at\ idvisojs lot the id \ 1 Ol \ I e u I 11 i hoi t tine ii is w 11 Ic itniled to p tit on foi e ib met 1 1 ill in 1 he iiev ly elccLccf m 111 e s nd tie ne\ V elected of tiK s wi 1 111 instilled to; ethc i Ihe iioiuinec foi offieeis ol the cablet which will ei \ e until Au li t IJf] uc line Dunhai I lel lid Ml tic 111 DuBcis foi II e 1 lent 1 ois ( Ud c 11 M uv ( e Vlinl Ic 1 foi c ei c tai / in 1 Be tt / T util Diako Dona M le Il ion feu tl L SI 1 Cl w 1 1 \ h ch the Univc Iv tl 111 Ma>ci Si nil o p C cm il Dc velopi 1 I al Ol " Ol V D c t i o i t Pi ct I in Intc c t (1 1 \ (mer SC 1 Ol e 1 11 u 1 n 1 lio I Ol ]) ) 1 tie s m t lie laboi itoi R( V Munufaefming C ()mp..i’y Ine Inch mapolia Inch u a Inte e ted in women tiained in account me still tic ind c i^inee mg to be tiained foi Pieces-, En; inee in„ ind lime in I Motion ‘^ti ly Ermi ncc 1 ing A.II women students teiested in aiij ol the e pos ibilitics should call h P]< eincut Sciviec For ^\ omen (205'') foi fiuthci informa tion Ol to eh< ciulc ii eni \/s
in Afiica He was lecently stationed in Engl ind where he visited seveial ol the laige national ioie^tiy piojeets
CadeF jack L. Crandall Auioia 111 has ucee ssf ully coniplc l( d his p i niaiy flying eouises and will eontiniK his iiistiuction at Enid Aimy Flying School, Oklahoma
—TODAY - TOMOROW— bOUBLE FEATURE LUPINS ^ GASFIELD "
Tlie Seja WblE fcy JACK’LONDON ‘ “
Kllh ALUANOEA KNOX GENE lOCKHARI GAIIRV FITZGEIiALD PLUS Clarence Budington Keiland's FOR BEAUTY'S SAKE Wllil Ik el 5P/lPKb MAHJOrtiL WEAVHt /0\N DAVib
it
TODAY avd TOMORROW
woman there’s always an excuse.. ^
BETTE
GLADYS COOPER BONITA GRANVM LE ILKA CHASI De by IRVING RAPPER t. OC P«ybyC««yKob o r on s No c by 0 • dti I o y ifub by M« ^
cJCooLln^
By .lack Abbett and Jim Richardson Repoi:’ts coming out of Germany proper have shed a great deal of light on the death of Remhard HeydnCh, and it seems that the greatest repercussiops did not fall ih Prague as repoited but in and around Berlin The Berlin executions took place m one of the (jjerman
University Chess Team Upholds
Tradition, Beats lU
By Carroll Maitindell
The Univci sity che-s team, hum
blest of all camp IS oi gam/itionthat engage in intcicollegiate com
petition has done it again
rixyin., in the game loom of the Union la t Satuidiy moinin,,, five
ciiiny camps and the persons '■hot were not all civilians or low lanking officials, but some held high positions in the German aimy Ihc loasons seem to lie riound the undeicovcr activities of Heydiieh ipd his Gestapo bench
men
A gioal deal of dissatisfaction has be-ii accumulating aiound the tre meidoufi amount of led tape that is being manufactuied m Washington m connection v/itli the gas i ationing This'same condition also p ewiils in
mcmbeis of the Univciaity Chess jn^^y of the othei goveinment agen Club lomped ovei Indiana to the then non cooperation has tunc of 3M, to I''/ games to win caused many sets of duplicate forms thei annual meet wflh the IIoo h ve been made This condition sieis By vi lug of thi vietoij ind expected to see favoiable im the coincident lo-,s of the Indian i pioveniont in the near iuture be Puidue football game the tiadition Lau=e the Piesidept has decided that that a win on the ehessboaid means ^^,ther impiove a loss on the giiduon and vice veisa lecent election also dem wis aoain upheld Ihi tiiaition is onstiated that the people weie fed well alon the load towaid becom administration of the
mg classic "s Ims is the seventh j^oveinment criseeutive ye i that it has pioven '
II ue
3 he Univci lu chess club is co u Many opinions both pi o and con p'etej iinoithodox in tut it his ha\o been cxpiossod on the subiocL no constitution oi bylaws and no O" leciiiiting businessmen Lo help officiJlv elected officGis Ihe top ui the haivesting ot the taim ciops file men Ol 1 lad lei which IS posted The majority of college students in the game 10011 le automatically then opinion on this subject, the membc) s of the chess team Any with college students helping student who wishes to may place Jnmei things might not turn hisnimeon tbisluldei andpioeced badly It should be tiken lo dial cnoo those ibovc him The eonsideiat,on that help fiom iaculty also maiutiin aladdii and college students oi business tuultv student mItches nc occ i ^hc offieieney tint Sion illy hell goveinment has been talking Di i"d Miitii haiisscl hr an The simplest way to achieve unpiecedcnUd numhe of i eshn en is to keep the fiim III his chemist!y eouises has given ^^1111 and put the college up his position us^sponsoi of the ‘’tudents and businessmen in woik
club to N J 1 me i newcomoi in the math depaitment 1 me is qiite piobabiy the finest chess j layei to come to the Univeisiti m m my i d iv as is ev 1 leneed I y the f ici. I h it he leecntly dcleited < ll fi\e lucni bus ol the ehc=s tc im m siiiul liiuous 1)1 ij He I 1 puniiscd to „i\c 111 oxhiliitinn m flu lu 1 tutu c m which he will t ike o 1 all c o m 1 s Membc IS ol lu Unncisifj leim and the lesiilt of t'u 11 1 dviduil ^aine in 01 d i cf then staudiiv ue JuLheiWuieii lost Cei ilViun won W lido Muguli dicu Ml ton Kill in 1011 Robei I AlL’icci w cm D. R. Bowman a to mti eiuplojce cf Lire Pine Oil to m Chicago has„ lecently accepted i po ition \ lOi the Uni vei sity A 1 iciilt 1 ll C h c 1 1 s 11 y staff
that they aic bettei fitted to do
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
DANCme CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED NCI TOO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S Tucs., Nov. 24, 7.00 P.M. ADVANCED Pr.-diy, Nov. 27, 7 00 P.M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
fiih St I’erry
ARC
rODAY and WEDNESDAY
WALT DISNEY CARTOON .
i.y^ "ODAY AND TOMORROW
EDDIE BRACKEN June Prtisser* Belt) Rhoilfs ‘ Pliillip Terry •JreiditJnescort NilsfAsthet-iWiHiam,Henry;: r, Johnnie Johnston I
TtiC
#MARTHA — with Marsha RIclianI HUNT-CARLSON iritiS’-wioscii.
MAM
TODAY and TOMORROW
Another timely thnllf inq picture by the pro ducera of Mrs Miniver’’!
t.u
u^rVt^'/ {> “.A 1 <«•' to'f.
’ ' y', Jj >''° ‘ S, ' ’■ t S' ' S' : >»- T , • ^
i - /*,P" , t 'f>> jj
iTtiesdiiy, November 24,' 1932
Boilermaker Sports
Pa^3’
Lafayette Kiwanis Club Qports CommuniqueQ
^*1 By Bob Hadley
iFetes Riveter Gridmen
Buckeyes Win Conference
Gridders Give Spotlight
1 , The Boilermaker^football squad and coaching staff will be ,'the guests of honor of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club at the any
(nuat gridiron banquet here tonight.
j Included in the list of guests will be the thirteen departing ’seniors fvho played in their last collegiate football game last Saturday against Indiana. These seniors include: Fred Smerke,
Bill Powers, Bill Shimer, For-
^eat ^b&flry, Bruce Wamn, Gim/ct, Reatnet Net
JEwell 0 Bryan, Frank Rug- '
gieri, Alex Leugo, Walter tiook, Vince Snyder, Bill Bufkngton, LaVern King and
Tony Berto.
Squads Will Clash
Reamer and Gimlet clubs, men’s activities honoraries, will clash on
- T.. n , . hardwood floor Tuesday night, f Highlights of the evening December 8, during the half time %ill include the selection of “the period of the Varsity-Freshman
inost valuable player” for the past game in the Fieldhouse.
seasdn, eleclio'n'of the 1942 honor- Admission to the conflict will be pry eaptaip,. apd the announcement twenty-five cents and the proceeds of letter awards. Coach Elmer Burn- will go to the Athletic and Intraham will make the announcement mural departments for the purchasdf the letter awards to the varsity ing of trophies and medals. Tickets members, and Freshman Coach Em- will be on sale at all fraternity mett Lowery will make the awards houses, Cary Hall, Co-ops and at of freshpfian numerals to members Decker’s, in Lafayette. They may of the rhipie squad. also be purchased from any member
Silbon Heemstra, president of the of the Reamer Club, local Kiwanis Club, will preside as ________
toastmaster for a program that will and won this year by Dick Barinclude addresses by Guy Mackey, wegen, who turned in an outstandathletic director; Elmer Burnham, ing performance as a sophomore head football coach, and Prof. F. C. guard this fall, will be formally pieHoekema, representing President E. sented by E. B. Baugh, executive C. Elliott. secretary of the Pin due Alumni As-
The Purdue Freshman Football sociation.
Merit ^Trophy, awarded annually to This meeting may well be the last
the yearling who shows the gieatest improvement during spring drill.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★ *■★★★★★
Obn Mills Studio (Dittinciwe Portraiture) 205 East State Phone 3413
of its kind for some time since it is becoming extremely doubtful whether collegiate football can be continued at its present scale for the duration. With the lowering of the draft age many prospective gridmen will be lost to the armed services, while transportation difficulties make the traveling of laigc squads almost impossible.
The 1942 football season faded with Saturday afternoon for the Boilermakers and its pdssibilities, its mistakes, its brilliance, and its gloom are now just a part of Purdue football history. No one can deny that the season was far from measuring up to''tb^ term “successful”. The Riveters, for the second straight sedsdn, jwere at the bottom of the Western Conference in offensive powC'r.’ gained less yardage and scored fewer points than any other feig Nine team. Their single win over Northwestern gave them the eighth position in Conference standings. ' Why didn’t the Riveters, who looked like a real threat'to opponents last September, wind up their season with a better recofd? Well. it’s been a peculiar season any way you look at it. Spedking generally, this has probably been as tough a season as the Big'J^ine has ever known. Nearly every institution had a team that was capable of beating the test of them on occasion. • ,. There has been a bumper crop of upsets on the rec,o;rd books'after evei’y Saturday afternoon and records meant little in any gaiue. There has seldom been a game in which you could say that one team was definitely stronger than the other and then go out and watch the game without a feeling that you had walked out on a limb. The Boilermakers to the last man played to win, and they played with all they had, even after it hadn’t been enough week after week. They played a fighting brand of football, and though they fell short of success, they deserve all the credit due a winning team for the job they did. ^ ' One thpg is certain . . . the coaching staff that worked witn that gang of footballers through practice every day in the Week'and every play in the games, di^l eveiything that could be done to put a winning ball club on that gridiron once a week. We could be biased in our opinion, but we think that it would take a lot of looking around to produce another combination to equal that of Athletic Director Red Mackey and Head Coach Elmer Burnham. «, Give ’em a couple of years and a little less interference from the Japs, and the Boilermakers will be back up there where they belong in the Western Conference. \ What about next season? We have learned by bitter experience that this prediction business is ^not all its cracked up to be, so we wouldn’t care to be quoted on the Riveter prospects for 1943. Right now they look pretty good but no one can now tell whether or not intei'collegiate athletics will even be in operation, let alone give us an insight on how many experienced ball players will be in football uniforms next fall.
I Pigskin Crown
To Piggy And His Lads
By Bob Krieger For the 71,896 who attended the Ohio State homecoming fray with Michigan last Saturday there was the added thrill of watching the powerful Buckeye juggernaut romp off with the football championship of the Big Nine. In scoiing their first victory over the Wolverines in five years, Ohio State struck through the air thi-ee times to win by 21-7. Tbis victory enabled the Buckeyes to finish their pigskin campaign with a conference record of five victories and one defeat, which was suffered at the hands of Wisconsin.
By Sheldon Watson Another gloomy Saturday, the Old Oaken Bucket again returns to the halls of Indiana University, and the 1942 battered edition of Boilermakers put their grid togs in the usual mothballs until next season or maybe for the duration. Basketball, that grand old craze of Hoosierdom, now takes the spotlight. This season marks the twenty-sixth year for Head Basketball Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert. “Piggy” doesn't have a I wealth of material to produce
Former Riveter Net Stars Included On Geat Lakes Squad
Badgers Trail Bucks Clos^ on the heels of the mighty Buckeyes in the conference standings were the Badgers of Wisconsin, who scored a lopsided 20-6 triumph over the once-mighty Minnesota Golden Gophers. The BadgCr conference record for the year shows four victories against one defeat, suffered at the hands of Iowa.
GREAT LAKES, ILL., Nov. 23-
a championship team this year, but as his previous performances show, he is capable making a big thing out of nothing. Coach Lambert, the white topped, midget mentor, will be seeking his twelfth Big Ten title, and
INTRAMURALS
7:00 7:15
SANITONE
reAf SHUN f CLOTHES LOOK SMARTER WHEN SANITONEO
UNIQUE
Restores the finishing that give cloth
LUSTRE and SOFT, RICH FEEL
Clttthes LOOK and FEEL like NEW DIAL 7278i 132 NORTHWESTERN
FRATERNITY ^ASKETBALL
Tuesday Ni^ht, Nov. 24 Couit 1—J. Rudasics: Delta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. The-
ta Tail.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta
Chi.
Couit 2—R. N. Foss:
8:25
Phi Kappa vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 25 Court 1—Benz:
8:10
8:25
7:00
7:1E
8:10
8:25
Court .37:00
7:15
8:10
Acacia vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Pi Kgppa Phi. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. —S. Rudasics: Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Navy vs. Tiiangle.
7:00 Caiy Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 6. 7:15 Car y Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:10 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:25 Ward lOB vs. Ward 22. , Court 2—Dave Rodgers:
Ward llA vs. HE. Ward IIB vs. IID. Ward lie vs. 21.
Waid 28 vs. Ward 23.
•Eddy Jones:
7:00 Waul 9 vs. Ward 25. 7:15 Waul lOA vs. Ward 26. 8:10 Ward 6B vs. Ward 23. 8:25 Waul 6C vs. Ward 24. Thei e will be no basketball games 'Thursday evening, November 26, but there will be games on Friday night, November 27, at the usual
time.
7:00 7:15 8:10 8:25
Court 3-
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
The Purdue Athletic Council and an Advisory Committee consisting of the president pf the Reamers, Gimlet, and Gold Peppers, and Bruce Adams, head yell leader, met yesterday and elected Pete Schwab varsity yell leader for the coming season.
Practical Giff^ Sets she'll use and use —given an air of luxury by Coty WeVe many others, at many prices — all charming.
five I Ongon Uxuries ^5 UO Compact, Tol'el Water $2 85 [mcroude Quartet $3 75
Make UfttSet, $2 25 'V.IgSlanlfe'’* Ti;cV%rKtt $3 95t ' ' '• ' ( J A.1|prtc6»,,
New under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does notirot dresses or men’s shifts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5> AwardedApprovalSealAmerican Instituteof Laundering harmless to fabrics.^ ^ 1MB BMBBl aSa inOT VP Guaranteed by AB H JIJI ^Good Housekeeping
Buy a jar today at any atore aefling W w toi let goods (also io 10^ oud 59< laral
Currently tied for third place in the conference standings we find Illinois and Iowa, each having won three conference games while losing two. The Hawkeyes have a chance to gain undisputed possession of third place since they will play Michigan this Saturday. Illinois went down to defeat last week by a score of 6-0. Bruce Smith and Bob Sweiger, a couple of former Minnesota stalwarts, scored a measure of revenge for the beating which the Golden Gophers suffered at the hands of the Illini earlier in the season. Early in the third quarter Smith took the ball on the Illinois 44-yard line, tore around the Illini flank, leversed his field when he was hemmed in by tacklers, and sped to the Illinois two before he was finally pulled down. On the next play Sweiger plunged over for the touchdown. Triple Tie For Forth 'The defeat which the Michigan eleven suffered at the hands of the champion Buckeyes made the Wolverine conference record show two victories and two defeats. This places the Wolves in ^ triple tie with Minnesota and Indiana for fourth place in the Big Nine standings. Should Michigan emerge victoiious in the game with Iowa this week, the Wolverines would move up into a tie with Illinois for third place in the standings. The victoiy which Wisconsin scored over Minnesota made the Gopher conference leeord for the year show three victories and thiee defeats. This is a far cry fiom records compiled by the powerful Minnesota elevens which Bernie Bierman annually turned out at Minneapolis before he took up his coaching duties at Iowa Pre-Flight. Wildcats In Cellar In addition to keeping possession of the Old Oaken Bucket for the third stiaight year, Indiana’s 20-0 victory over our Boilermakers enabled the Hoosieis to finish their conference season with a lecoid of two victories and two defeats. The defeat by the hated Cieam and Crimson kept the Riveters down in a position just bordering on the conteience cellar, since the Boilermakeis were able to score just one confeience win while going down to defeat four times. Northwestern’s AVildcats were defeated by a powerful Notre Dame eleven by a score of 27-20. The Wildcats hold the dubious distinction of finishing the confcience campaign in last place in the Big Nine standings. With hib team losing six games without scoring a single conference victory. Wildcat Coach Lynn Waldoif can scarcely be blamed if he goes on an aspiiin diet.
Searching out the best available feels that his boys are about due basketball talent from the thou- because of the fact that they failed sands of men at the U. S. Naval to win this hard-to-get title for the
Training Station here was a tre- last two seasons,
mendous task, but Lt. Paul D. Some of our rival Big Ten teams (Tony) Hinkle, who will coach the will undoubtedly have a lot to say Bluejacket “varsity” team this win- about our plans for taking the center, now has his squad narrowed ference title this season. Illinois down to 17 men. will be one of the big guns in the The Great Lakes cage season will championship race. Coach Doug open with a home game Dec. 1 Mills and his speedy young Illini against Milwaukee Teachers Col- quintet copped the title last year lege. It will be played in one of could very easily repeat again the huge diill halls for the enter- Ibis time. The starting roster for tamment of 5,000 recruits in train- the Illini last season had four sophing, as are all home games. omores on it. All of these lads are Ex-Riveters Star ® experiRoster at present includes; For- tucked under their belts. A sit-
rest Sprowl and Charles Caress
(Purdue); George Sobek, John Hiller and Edward Riska (Notre Dame); Wilbur Schumacher and Robert Dietz (Butler); Gilbert
uation like this is in the dream
category for any net coach. Our Boilermakers meet the speedy
lads from Illinois late in the season. We are scheduled to invade their
Huffman (Tennessee); John Hof- headquarters on February 20 and mann (Long Island); Peter Newell again on the 22. If the race is close (Loyola, Los Angeles); Rudy Sod- at this time, and it usually is, our erquist (Iowa); Robei't Davies outcqme with the Mills maulers may (Seton Hall); George Glamack Prove very interesting. Andy Phil(North Carblina); Dick Klein liP > Illinois’ big, burly, but fast (Northwestern); Chester Aubuchon guard, will be back with the Illini (Michigan State); Forrest Ander- and is real material for possible All-
son (Stanford); and George Ham- American honors,
burg (Colorado). Now back to the present happenAlthough standout players from ings on our Fieldhouse practice 13 colleges and universities are in- floor. Yesterday afternoon, Coach eluded on the roster,, the team faces Lambert took the Boilermakers a big assignment if it is to match through their usual practice session the great record established by the 'u preparation for the first tilt of
Great Lakes team of last year which won 31 out of 36 games. Good Team Last Year Twelve of last season’s 14 star
the season. This first fracas will take place here on December 10 against the tough, but not tough enough, quintet from Wabash Col-
All freshnLcn and sophomores interested in trying out for basketball manager report to Dave Lodge in the Fieldhouse at 4:00 p. m. any afternoon.
’ VOTE RIVETERS’ TICKET for GREEN POTTER ELECTION
11 \
Jim Fahnstock Herbie Cummins Bill Smiley Walt Halsteen Don Miller Austin Gillespie Jim McCormick
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
—iw
playeis have long since moved into lege. “Piggy” sent the boys under battle zones, including the fabu- f^'‘e basket at top speed to improve lously high scoiing Bob Caliban, their close range shots. He tried out Frank Baumholtz, -Ernie Andres, various combinations to find one George Rung, and Bill Menke (the that would click efficiently as a unit, latter now taking Naval flight It is too early to predict the postraining). sible stars on this year’s squad,.l^Ht The two members of last year’s the three returning major lettermen team whose assignments have kept undoubtedly figure inuur.hopdd them at Great Lakes are Dick Klien for laurels. A1 Menke, captaiii and and Forrest Anderson. They have center for the Boilermakers, heads proven that athletes aie natural the shoi't list of veterans. Last year, leadeis, for Anderso^n has been bore the brunt of the pivot ^6t given the lesponsible job of regi- ^nd handled it with all the earmaidts nrjental adjutant and Klein has of ^ veteran ball player. His teamguided hundreds of men through ™ate and co-owner of the title of their early period of training de- captain, /Bob “Horsey’ ’Riley, was signed to fit them for the sea. Both destined to play a major role in BoUhold the rating of boatswain’s mate, eimaker basketball this season, but second class. Bob decided to play in the most imStarters In Doubt poitant battle of our nation and Lt. Hinkle is not yet leady to now he is probably in daily practice name a starting lineup, and the sessions preparing for his game many and vaiied talents his squad against the Axis. The loss of Riley possesses makes it unlikely he will ^^s a severe blow to Coach Lambe able to settle on a regular start- hert and his title contenders, ing five. fo addition to Captain Menke, Glamack was twice named All- Coach Lambert has Rudy Lawson, America centCi at North Caro- the cool-headed forwaid that teamed lina University, while Klein as a with Sprowl and Co. last season to sophomore at Northwestern three swell the Boilermaker scoies. Haryeais ago lated similar recognition. Mcl Hoffman, the southpaw forward Among the forwards of exceptional fvorfi Decatur Central, a submb of ability, Davies of Seton Hall was Indianapolis, is the third letterman considered one of the best m the that will form the nucleus of this east, Spiowl stood out m the fast year’s squad. Last season, Harold Big Ten as a member of the Purdue minimum of action, but his Boilermakers, Risko of Notre Da^o deadly hook shots from the left side was good enough to play with the came in handy when the going was
Oahkosh All-Stars last season, and tough. ^ *
Hamburg was an All-Big Seven se- Coach Lambert will have to delection at Coloi ado. " pend on the reserve strength he had The guaids include Huffman, for- season for the rest of his startmer Tennessee captain and All- roster. Jack Swantz, giant cenSoutheastern Conference choice, will be on hand to handle the Hofmann of Long Island, Newell of I^® Pi^ot position. Loyola on the west coast and Au- Friend is another veteran buchon, who as a Michigan State should come in handy for first College junior, rated All-America string material. In addition to these, consideration! Coach Lambei't will have some sophomores from last season’s frosh Q -i squad. Among these contenders tor Sports dnOfTS • starting berths are Eddie Ehlers, a Andy Varipapa, one of the na- big, rangy foiward from South
tion’s leading bowlers, will appeal Bend; Kercheval, MeVey, Kennedy, in an exhibition match at the Gieat Timm. Meyer, Morris and Biddle’. Lakes Naval Training Station The initial tilt with Wabash will Thanksgiving Day. Varipapa, who bring fond memories back to the Jitwill compete m the All-Star bowl- tie, fiery mentor of Boilermaker'basing tournament in Chicago starting ketball. “Piggy” was once a net Star Doc. 5, will perform several trick for Wabash College and his superior shots and give valuable hints to performances, despite his mit^hte members of two leagues on the base, size, will live forever in the^p^g^s One league is made up of officers, of Wabash athletic history. Alma while the other is composed of mater or no alma mater, ‘Tigfey” Navy wives and muses. Will be out to give the Wabash lads
a severe trouncing.^ We'll be
John Popov, light halfback on the in^' you, “Piggy”, all the way, so go Great Lakes Naval Training Sta- to it and here’s hoping for your
tlon football team, *is one of the twelfth Big Ten title,
leading bowlers on the base. Popov averaged 197 in a Cincinnati league last year. Popov, who staired for the University of Cincinnati and later was a member of the Cincm-
uati Bengals professional team, managed a bowling recreation center before his enlistment in the
Navy as a chief specialist.
If?
I
i5 8
4 -
4
Pwdlue Exponent
Tuesday, Not^euiber ^4
MpMHa
Mayshop Picks Steinbeck Play Cast
!^md Production/The Moon Is Down' Mafftin Sends Turkeys
cheduied For December S-ll
Theta Chi
Bj Bert Squier
Playshop’s second production of the year, “The Moon Is Down”, has been cast, Ross D Smith, associate director of Playshop, announced last night The play will be piesented Tuesday thiough Fiiday, December 8-11, in Fowler Hall ‘’The Moon Is Down” is a new drama by John Steinbeck
which ran on Broadway last summer It is the story of a small to the state executive and the na
tion s No 1 af,iicnltuiist to show them whvi soybean oil meal will do
To Seiiricker, Wickard Di I Holmes Mai tin, head of the poultiy department sent a turkey to Secretaiy of Agiieulture Claude R Wiekaid yesterday and will send one to Govcinoi Heniy r Schiickoi today These buds aie examples of the lesiilts of poultiy expeiiments conducted heie They are being sent
social fraternity, announces the initiation of E J Utley, Mich
igan City, L E Schneiter, Muncie,
W D Yancey, Louisville, Ky , D E McMillan, South Bend, P L Squios, Chicago 111 , W G
Kentland, J T Richaidson, Macy,
J J Stai shall, Chicago, 111 , J H Tillotson, Glen Ellyn, 111 , B N
All Students Thera are still some Um Campus Bowling Duo to Thankstiving Scabbard and Blade Important meeting verjlty Directories left As long as the slip vacation there will be nP All Campus Bowl Wednesday Nov 26 at 7 80 P nn m W" ply lasts any student who has not already mg tournament this week The gatnCs will Union Election of officers will oc neiu obtained a copy nlfiy get one by calling at be made up If standings at thd end of the ^^ournuls ate here "and vill be dWwuiated the Registrar s office ond ptesenting his week requite this ^NCLSON Thit is a stab meeting —SPBWyJS-it passport .-RALPH B STONE Registrar , .x ^ Cameta Club Important meeting Thurs Eta Kappa Nu Meeting for eleetion of Activities Bureau Sophomores and Jun- day Dec 8 Election of officers Room 304 new members at 7 15 P m Tuesdajri NOv iors Petitions for elections will be due Pri at 7 30 p m —TRUEBLOOD 24 In room 807 of thdv Union day Nov 27 1142 Important meeting of —f compulsory f-j-RTB/D nil sophomores and juniors Thursday No Union Sophomores Committee moetings —^ ^ ^ vember 19 at 4 p m in the office at 4 I*" today Assignments are posted on NtAO Sophomores Petitions for junior
the bulletin boald —KATTERJOHN jobs due not later than Camera Club Exhibit All peisons who ^ ,
entoied prints in the fall exhibit mav ic Pistol Team Tryouts The following stticeivt, same by calling for them at he West denis are lequested to report at the Atmory Desk of the Union Prize winners will be at 4 p m Friday to try OUt fO^ thp pistol notified by letter — TRUEBLOOD team H 0 Barbour W T ^BusChmann
-WOEHLKE
Eastern Star Coeds The West Lafayette Chapter will entertain the Eastern Star Coeds Nov 24 at a special meeting Coed members call my office 6276 or home 61412 before that date —PARKS
AWS rxeculive Board Meeting tomonow
CROLL
Scandinavian town occupied by “enemy” parachute tioops To make the plot nioie unueisal in appeal the locale of the actihn IS nevei definitely stated
Enlisted and Commissioned Reserves All
students who hold reserve commissions or at 4 p m in the AWS office
Bair, are members f the enlisted reserve in the Navy Coast Guard and Marine Coips aic requested to call at my office in the Lxccu tive Building at their convenient before Novembei 26 to supply information needed to complete lecords Those inducted into
1 iir t V 1 and V 7 by special boards on November Clarke, Evansville, W J Paisley, 12 13 and i I8 need not report
—W A KNAPP
Gold Pepper Actives Meeting at 4 p m
to h y in io(m 30r cf the Union
SIMONS
R I Eastman D B Brwlii J E Griqer i J Hannum R R Henn L N Jacobs L E Filler R E Salvetoi* H Sihalc W G Simpson T H Suthcrlin K L Voile W W Willmarth v-~bROWN
Gold Pepper Pledges Meeting at 4 3 p m t day in r (m 305 of th Ui ion
SIMONS
AWS Fxcciitivo Committee Meet Wfedfics day Nov 26 at 4 p m in AWS office --CROLL
Mai ion, 111 D W Davis Kentland
Dick Jurgens
in helping to fatten the Ameiican biid 101 the mail ot
(Continued liom page 11
sisted of Six meinbcis, Juigens had
bv Steinbeck, but the public contacted to have a fouiteen piece
has generally accepted the play to he a story of the Na/i occupation of
Norway
The Principal Players Mavor 0;den, chief official of the uOiiquered town, will be played by Dick Kohls Carolyn Wood will take he pai t of his wife Colonel Lancei, omnianding officei of the invadeis, will be played by Geoige Sykes 1 til cei’s staff, consisting of Major Hunter, Capt Loft Lt Piaekle and Lt Tondei, will be played by John Clark Bill Simpson, Bill Lestei and A.rt Barab, respectively George Coiell, the town’s fifth olumnist who paved the way for !n invasion will be taken by Har^
oichcstia leady within a week foi the opening of the new St Fiancis Hotel in San Francisco Despite only a week’s work consisting of training the new men and writing then parts in oichestiations for about two hundred tunes the band clicked in then opening night per
foimance
Jurgens Plays Big Engagements Since that time the band has had engagements and made lepeat pei formances at the Diake Hotel in Chicago, Catalina Island Cali forma the Trianon and Aiagon Ballrooms in Chicago the Peabody Hotel in Memphis, and many spots of equal fame Over a peiiod of
Classified Ads
Notices
Silver Mask Peldges
meting m the fencing room in the I leldhou'^e it 7 30 i m n Tuesday November 24 Absentees will be fined 26 cents each
SCHWENKER
. All Debris Workers Meeting of Photog
There will be a j j j Business and 1 ditorial Staffs Tuesdiy
at 1 16 p m in the P htorinl Woikshop S ph mores bung 2rc KRULL
Tritons The time of the regulai* nleetiner has been changed from 7 30 to 7 16 There will be an important meeting tonight Please be prompt —BROWNF
All ROTC Students New regulation con cerning Make up for absence fiom Mill taiy classes is posted on Armory Bulletin Board All ROIC students should read this regulation during their next hour in the Armory —GRAHAM
Sigma Delta Clii In tiation Tuesday No vember 24 at 5 30 p m in loom 303 of the Union •Banquet following at 6 20 p m in loom 334 ARMSTRONG
Alpha Zeta Meeting at "" 30 p m Tues (Jay Nov 24 in room 30> of the Unioi All pi dges and activtb bo there —McKFL
Undergraduate Dames Club Miss MePar and will sp ak at a meeting in the Union at 7 30 on Victory Consumers -^PORTD
Money to loan on diamcnds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding jwacnines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Eberehoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779
Navy V 7 o mors and seniors who are assembling papers supporting their request foi enlistment in V 7 who are under 21 years of age must submit three copies of parents consent properly i otarized Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be^btrined at my office —KNAPP
Riflery All girls have just one moie week to make up riflery practices Each girl may shoot only one target a night with make ips
scheduled, for Monday through Thursday vcmbci 2
nights from 6 30 to 8 30 —WILBUR
PIA Publicity Staff Meeting Fiiday No vember 2 at 1 p m in office New assign menls -GUSTAFSON
Freshman Campers and Others Interested
Meeting with Dr C H Robertson room ^68
... - .,
Tau Kappa Alpha Luncheon Fridnv No
at noon Important
—WFISS
; C the Puidue Memorial Union Friday 27 7 to 8 p m on the Technique of Study
ing Thinking and Inventing
—GRAVES
Gold Pepper Pledges and Actives Com pulsory meeting of all pledges and act ves Tuesday Nov 24 at 4 p m in AWS office —WEBFR
Student Senate Important meeting Tues lav N( V 24 at 7 SO p m in the Senate oltiee Sonioi boaid meeting at b 45 —NEFF
SCA Board Banquet has been postponed Regular boaid meeting Tuesday Nov 24 at 7 30 p m All newly elected officers be piepared to take office at the end of that meeting Please be piompt , —MOGAVERO
Lost—Hdmzlt n m 11 s \ n t watch yellow gold Lost at I U Id ses ion Reward 7b2 2
All Male Students Enlistments in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Army closes on December 31 1942 If you desire to enlist and have not yet applied your rppli ation should be placed immediately in Room B4 in the basement of the Armory —GRAHAM
I ost—Rhinestone bracelet t Military Ball Call 8113 loom 280
Boys Wanted The woild needs manpower Arc you wasting prccio is houi^> If so let i 1 ay you for them Apyly Purdue Union Cafcl na
Sept Oct Code Group Qualification Cer tificates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by those students of the Septcmbei October Code Gio ip that qualified at 6 w p m or better —HFSIERBFRC
Warren Geoi ge Zissis will play years it has bec^fee one of the most
he lole of Di Winter Major Oi'en's closest friend Annie and Joepn the Mayoi’s seivants, will he I I \ed by Elaine Kail and Jack )T Beckv Ann Pei vine will take 1 I 11 of Molly Morden -iipp iturn Cast ■s I 1 t ng the principals will be I Sout Bob Balser and Jim \ I li •jt as town boys and Dale Duf I lohn Patteison and Bert Squier ! leis Slating Ross Smith who will 1 t he play will be Marselda Ja- ) as leheaisal assistant Betty I will be stage managei for the 1 uction The ciew heads will be 1 I'lows Costqmes Rosemary i iiops Maigaiet Ohphant la Lou Stei libel g and Ched iifecnhill Lights Lee Fishback and ' aiioli Maitmdell Makeup, Ed Gi uis and Kay Foster, Stage, Grant
popular bands m the country and has inspired Walter Winchell in his statement “New Yoichids to Dick Jurgens’ giand band and any thing they play ’’ As leader of the band, Juigens never uses a baton He peisonally supervises all the famous Jurgens’ full arrangements himself and is the composer of his orchestra s theme song, “Daydreams Come True at Night,’’ which he wrote to pass a college examination
1 H luon and Jack Neuman, and Spe-
d\
Fof-os To Atfend Educai-ors' Meet-ing
: I ofessoi John Fotos, of the mod
langiagc cep i m
T t]
1
Ji
War Department
( pUm Fulver joii ci the Mil \ De] itmcnt staf in ipi 1 1 r 1 n Vi list ) nd C ] l in riecl in 4u!. ust ! ' 12
Penalty Dates
N01 ember 25 and 27 are pen lit) dates Ihese dates represent the 24 hour period before and after an authorized recess Any student who is absent from classes on either of these two dates will be assessed a fee of $5 00 lor each dai or fraction thereof missed If a student Ittls that he has a legitimate re.ison foi being absent on either or both of these dajb and wishes to ask relief from the $5 00 penalty lee, he should put it in writing and mail it to the Dean of Men before Noiembei 27 lerbal statements will not be aeeepted —GOLDSMITH
Addition of 34 000 volumes to the University of Texas libiaiy duung 1941-42 has brought the libiaiy’s total to neaily 700,000 volumes
YOUNG LADY for full time or minimum half time assistant bookkeep mg position Apply South worth s mornings
Surma Delta Chi Peldscs I1pis< pay in tiatioi fee to m on or b fore T sday Nov 24 It will be impossi) le to initiate anyone until h? has paid HADI1 Y
Military Students Ont of thiee 1 ys who left a coat in a car n wh ch they rode from near Lebanon to I afayette on Sui day N< v 8 may <btain his coat by commumcatinR with and identifyii (? himself to Folon E Deal 302 E Jefferson St Valparaiso Ind —DEAL
You Say You Want Action! O. K! Here’s your chance to help win the war— CONSERVE and INVEST
Conserve on clothes liy having them Crown cleaned regularly. They will last longer.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Kappa Pfii Election of officers Tuesday November 24 ut 7 30 in the Union Build nig Attendance of all actives is imperative —MERRICK
1 1 ffects Bill Bacheldei I 1 t ts Available Now I dll oidcis foi tickets foi the
1011 1 ill be received starting d 11 this week The box r"iwlei Hall will open Mon
See
■arrow-
ties
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
WANT A TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill — on the Corner
\ \ b 1 31 As Usual ingle
1 1 ck t ill sell foi even I 1 \ 1 pel SCI s holding lu 1 lek ts Mill use then Watch 0 the Rhine ticket for this play
Arrow Gordon Is B. S. 0. Ci
I Mu t tc to 1 e
(0s Iv
\ fi/r //J
^ \>J
r 11 1 11 1 1 nt
n Liiieisitj He i, ested thn Hoosiei capital as being a good mil western location easily ncces ible for the laige gioup i/ho nould
i.ttend such a confeience
Professor Fotos will address the gioup Saturday on “Spanish m
Educational Publishing
Vh- t \ vs'
The "Smillis are at heme
9f
• • e
FOR THE DURATION!
V
jjM
\
Big Shirt on Campus
announces the pi emotion of three Umvcisitj POTC instiuctois rom the lank ot Iiiat Lieutenant o Captain The officcis piomoted ci( lieutenant Ro cit ^ P he < 1 n u Ion an Y i fi d I
ALWAYS in a top spot in campus popularity polls 18 Arrow’s Gordon Oxford slrrrt—wrtlr regular and button-dowrr collars Gordon fits you perfectly, because rt rs cut on tire Mrtoga form-fit pattern What’s more, rt can’t shrrnk more than a mrcroscoprc 1%, for rt bears the Sarrforrzed label. All for just a slrght fee — $2.50.
Arrow tres are swell bosom companrons for Arrow shrrts' $1 up.
A BUY V. s War bonus and stamps a
ARROW SHIRTS
gt/ES e COLLARS • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR rSPORT. SHIRTS ^
huMwfLL
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
• With gasoline and tire ration ing upon us, we’re all going to be "at home ’ more than ever before reading, studying, sewing This means more risk of eyestrain . moi e need jor measures like these below.
4 Ways to Get^Better'Liuht Without Wasting it
1. Keep lamp bulbs ond bowls dean. • •
3. Place lamps to make light more useful,
dust free.'Wipe them frequently With a damp cloth and you’ll get a lot more light from present lamps, to make seeing easier, protect eyes from strain.
By arranging furniture, one lamp can often serve two or more people effectively. But be sure it isn’t too far away from either!
2. if lamp shades are dark/
or turned yellow Inside, you may be losing as much as 50% of the t ■*. : light! Clean or brush shades regularly; or if they’re too bad, replace with fresh ones/
4. Turn off lights when you don’t need them.
"41
riectrlclty and eyesight are both vital today; conserve them. Be sure you have enough light when you read, sew or study; but don’t leave unnecessary lights
burning!
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC