•«*vWr, I
Purdue
z.ttf
\ Exponent
Volume 51. No. 160
Tuesday. April 2S. 1^40 ^
Polls Open At 7:30 For PIA Election
Music Hall Opening Ticket Sale Begins Friday Morning Sale of ticicets to the general public for the dedication programs of the University’s new Hall of Music, May 3-4, will begin Ftiday morning in the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. Featured artists for the two nights will be Helen Jepson andiNino Martini, Metropolitan opera stars. All seats for both performances will be reserved. First night performance will be for students, with the second showing reserved for
Seniors who called for, and did not get, tickets between 8:30 and 9:30 yesterday morning, may receive them at any time at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse.
the general public. Yesterday seniors presented their passports at the Fieldhouse ticket office for reserved seats< Today juniors may get their tickets. Tomorrow sophomores will be honored, with freshmen coming on Thursday. Townspeople and staff members "Who possess season tickets for convocations can present these at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse for reserved seats, or can make the exchange by mail by addressing C. S. Doan, ticket manager, and enclosing a stamped return envelope. Alec Templeton To Present Concert Tomorrow At Jeff Alec Templeton, blind pianist who plays “Mendelssohn Mows ’Em Down” and Mendelssohn uncorrupted with equal facility, will present a concert tomorrow evening at 8:16 in Jefferson High School gym. Templeton is appearing in Lafayette for the second time, having presented a program at a Univeisity convocation last year. Templeton’s program will consist of two parts. Starting with the original compositions of the great composers, he will then present his own modem arrangements, among them the widely known “Bach Goes To Town.” An Ehiglishman by birth, Templeton came to this country in 1934 With Jack Hylton’s band as a specialty artist. He has made appearances with the Detroit, Chicago, and Ford symphony orchestras.
Keen Competition Indicates Big Vote
Musser Says
SigmS Xi InitiutPS Pfof. Willlam Braswell
Twenty Undergrads
Sigma Xi, national science sonoiary, held its banquet, business meeting, and annual initiation in the Union Saturday. Dr. Ernest 0. Lawrence, directoi of the Radiation Laboratory, University of California, spoke at the banquet in the south ballroom of the Union. The subject of Dr. Lawrence’s talk was “Bombarding At9ms.” Earlier in the afternoon the society held an mitiation in the West Faculty Lounge. Those initiated to associate membership included 20 undergraduates: W. M. Beam, A. S. Bokenbom, Bill Brown, C. R. Brown, Pao-Hsiung Chin, J. 0. Davis, F. D. Denzler, J. J. Denzler, Wm. J. Harris, Jr., Jeanne Horwitz, A. B Huston, C. G. Moller, Janette Morris, W. R. Shade, Marshall Sittig, C. F. Sopcak, R. S. Trueman, H. J. Webb, J. R. Webb, F. J. Woodsmall. In addition to these undergraduates, 46 graduate students were also elected to associate membership.
Sculpture
... in soap and stone by Dr. Alma Long of the Education and Psychology department is now on exhibition in the Applied Design department in building no. 2.
Tea Dance
.,. sponsored by the Student Union will be held this afternoon in the north ballroom of the Union. Records will furnmh the music. There will be no admission charge. This is the first in a series of tea dances to be held every other Tuesday afternoon.
Commencement Invitations Orders for commencement invitations and announcements, now on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the west desk of the Union, must be placed before 9 p.m., Friday, April 26. Cash paymei^t must accompany the orders. Samples are on display at the Union and the bookstores.
At 7:30 this morning polls will open in the great hall of the Union for balloting in the PIA executive board election. All members of PIA are eligible to vote, passports and membership cards being needed for identification. Polls will remain
open until 5:30 p.m.
Voters will cast their ballots for ——————————
five officers. Eleven nominees are running for election. They are:
President
John Due, Sci ’41 Wayne Musser, Sci ’41 Vice-Presidfent Warren Archibald, Sci ’41 Bill Knepper, Ag ’41 Co-ed Executive Warene Hoover, HE ’41 Joan Le Boeuf, HE ’41
Secretary
Leah Gluck, Sci 41 Patsy McFarland, Phar ’42
Treasurer
Hobert Blosser, Ag ’41 Lawrence^ Hess, ME ’41 Edward Sopcak, Met ’42
. . . “The most accurate election is that in which every member votes. Hence, only by a large vote today will a true cross-section of PIA opinion be secured.”
Gannon Will Describe Plans For New Station At Radio Club Meeting M. T. Gannon, graduate assistant in the electrical engineering school, will explain his plan for a new station for WBAA at a meeting of the radio club this evening at 7:30 in room 264 of the electrical engineering building. The talk is open to all those interested in the “Voice of Purdue” as well as to those who are interested in the technical design of transmitting equipment. Gannon, who has spent two years developing a thesis upon the subject, will explain his choice of a new location for the transmitter as well as the design of the new transmitting equipment. The plan involves an increase of power to five times the present rating of one thousand watts, hence increasing the useful range of the station as well as improving reception generally.
Jack Due and Wayne Musser, pictured above, led their respective parties in pre-election moves. The five officers elected will forml the nucleus of the board for the ’40-’41 school year. Formal party statements received last night from the two leaders are as follows: “We hope that all members of PIA will come out to the polls some time today and make a choice of leaders for the next year. “We have all been working for the past year and are well acquainted with needs of the organization and intend to do our best to serve the independent student satisfactorily for the coming year if we are elected. Our program for the year includes : 1. Bring PIA to the students. 2. Increase standing of PIA in NISA. 3. More cooperative buying.
4. More activities for members to
enter.”
Jack Due Bill Knepper Warene Hoover Leah Gluck Ed Sopcak “A PIA that will serve every' Independent. “With the unequalled success of the NISA convention at Purdue this month, PIA, the oldest independent university organization in the U. S., nears the close of its biggest and most successful year. After such a successful year we must not rest, but must continue forward by building a more closely unified and servicable independent organization by: 1. Effecting a cooperative economy plan between dry cleaners and PIA members. 2. Expanding the Ward association to provide futher social activities for those houses interested. ^ 3. Effecting a closer unification of Cary Hall, the Women’s Residence Halls, and SCA with
PIA.
4. Helping independent freshmen get into activities for which they are best fitted. “The choice of your leaders for next year depends upon your decision today. Only on the basis of past efforts and the active desire to serve do we ask your support. “The decision rests with you to-
day.”
Wayne Musser Warren Archibald Joan Le Boeuf _ Hobert Blosser Patsy McFarland
Colorful History Of Music Hall Relates Story Of Dream Castle
... of the English department is the writer of an article on Thomas Wolfe, American novelist, which is to be included in a collection of essays being edited by Professor Margaret M. Bryant of Brooklyn College, Brooklyn, New York. Publishers will be the P. S. Crofts and Com-
pany of New York City.
The article, entitled “Thomas Wolfe Lectures and Takes a Holiday,” was published in College English for October, 1939. It describes Wolfe’s person, personality, and thoughts as he revealed them to Prof. Braswell during a holiday trip to the Midwest in May, 1938, to give the address at the annual
University literary banquet.
By Bill Heaton Completion of number one Music Hall of the country next week will culminate a decade of consistent effort on the part of faculty, alumni, and students. But behind all of them in their efforts was a small group very deserving of our highest praise and thanks for presenting the University with a potential winner of the nation’s admiration. To President Elliott, ‘Spots’ Emrick, A1 Stewait, the Board of Trustees, the Executive Committee, and a host of others (lack of space prohibits mention of their names), the University owes a debt of gratitude A large portion of this debt will be repaid when these creditors see the appreciative glances of awestricken “first nighters.” Emrick Dreams of Hall of Music However, such repayment will hardly end with the departure of the first nighters. In all probability, tokens of appreciation and words of praise will continue over a period of many years. To Emrick, a Gi eater Purdue has always meant, among other things, a greater band. For lack of space,' outstanding band developments have necessarily been almost at a standstill for several years. During these long years his brain-child has constantly been a hall of music second to none. Now we have it. Financing the immense structure was a problem of no small magnitude. A PWA grant of $604,000 was secured, and the Indiana Legislature provided an additional $300,000. The remaining $300,000 was secured by a bond issue. According to a state law, a college or university can issue bonds for a hall of music, but not for an auditorium; hence its singular name but dual purpose. Total cost: $1,104,000! ’Way back in October 1988, one of the first definite steps after its
planning and financing was letting of a foundation contract. Contractor A. E. Kempier of Lafayette was the successful bidder in a field of four at a price of $26,800. Music Hall ‘Education’ Other contracts soon followed. General construction went to George A. Fuller Co., Chicago, at $683,000. !Preyn Bros., Indianapolis, received the heating and ventilating contract at a price of $173,000. Electric wiring to E. P. Allison Co., Chicago, for $63,373, and plumbing to Acme Plumbing & Heating Co., Chicago, at $20,000 concluded the lettings. Prom its lavishly decorated main foyer to its graceful semicircular band shell. Hall of Music construction and equipment presents novel and radical developments of interest to all prospective spectators. Succeeding articles will discuss highlights in these fields for your Music Hall ‘^educatiqp.” 'Grand Illusion' Will Show Here Thursday “Grand Illusion,” a French film concerning World War I, will be shown on Tl^ursday, April 26, at 8 o’clock in the main lecture hall of the electrical engineering building. This is the same pictm-e that was scheduled to be shown at a previous date, but which was postponed due to an unavoidable delay in shipment of the film. Tickets for the picture will be on sale in the Union lobby from 4 to 6 p.m. every afternoon through Thursday. According to members of the Purdue Student Alliance, which is sponsoring the film, tickets from the previous sale which were not turned in will be honored Thursday night.
Due Says
. . . “We ask you to consider our past experience when you make your Choice of leaders at the polls today.”
W. Wohlenberg, Yale Professor Will Speak At Heat Conference Heat Transfer Conference will open this afternoon at 4 K,m. in r^om 207 of the mechanical engineering building with an address by Professor W. J. Wohlenberg, of Yale University. Topics for today’s lectures include, “Spectral Distribution of Energy and Radiation from Gases” and “The Nature of Radiation and the Radiant Interchange Between Solids.” Tomorrow’s' topics will be, “Equations Representing the Net Radiant Interchanges Occurring in Systems Involving Gases with Particles in Suspension” and “The Energy Distribution in the Pulverized Coal Furnace Cavity.” These four lectures are open to the public and will be held at 4 and 8 p.m. m room 207 of the mechanical engineering building tonight and tomorrow. Glee Club Sings OnRadioChain Under the direction of Albert Stewart, University music director, thq University Men’s Glee Club sang a group of Indiana songs last night in a coast to coast broadcast over the Mutual Broadcastiiig System. The program was presented in honor of Paul Dresser, composer of “On the Banks of the Wabash” and other Hoosier songs. Governor Townsend, who proclaimed Monday as “Paul Dresser Day,” addressed the radio audience in connection with the Glee Club broadcast. The program originated in Indianapolis over station WIRE. 'Counseling Hints'Subjed Of Knight Address Today Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak on “Hints on Counseling” to the faculty counselors at 4 p.m. today in Stanley Coulter Hall. The student counselors will hear Di*. J. E. Walters and Dr. E. L. Kelly pf the University at 6 p.m. in Coulter Hall. Dr. Walters’ subject will bb “Helping the Freshmen Make an Effective Time Schedule.” “Teaclfing the Freshmen Hour to Study” will be the topic of Ihr. Kelly’s speech.
Dr. Elliott Promise Support To Foreign Student Relief Fund Speaking at a meeting in the east faculty Id^nge Sunday evening Dr. E. C. Elliott made the following statement concerning the fund for aid of students in foreign lands; “I’m going to give and you're going to give, not only because of the financial help it gives students in other lands, but because it will keep the moral fires of human sympathy burning in our own hearts.” One Square Meal Dr. Elliott pledged his fullest support to the campaign to raise funds for students abroad stating that he would contribute to the fund if for no other reason than that one foreign student could say that he had one square meal this year. Dr. M. L. Sears, of the history department, chairman of the toculty committee which is cooperating in the campaign, introduced the speakers for the evening, which included Miss Puijiwara, Japanese student from the University of Michigan, P. H. Chin, president of the Chinese Students Club oh the campus, and Joseph Van Overveen, from Holland, who is attending Purdue. Entry Deadline In Photo Contest Set For April 29 Deadline for entries in the camera club’s 1940 Gala Week exhibit has been set for Monday, April 29. All prints entered in the contest must be in the Student Union offices at 6 p.m. that day. Entry blanks are now available at the west desk of the Union. The committee in charge of arranging the affair recently announced that the exhibit will be held in the music room of the Union from May 1 through May 6. Standard mounting boards, required for all prints entered, may be obtained at the west desk of the Un^ ion. Prints in this year’s exhibit will be divided into foxir classes: portrait, landscape, stiU life, and miscellaneous. Prizes will be awarded in each division, not more than one prize going to any one competitor. All students and staff members of the University and amateur town photographers are eligible for the competition. Any number of prints may be submitted. No entry fee is required of camei*a club members but non-members will be charged twenty-five cents. Dr. Lewis To Address Tau Beta Pi Meeting Thursday Evening Dr. William Mather Lewis, president of Lafayette College at Easton, Pennsylvania, will be the^ principal speaker at the All-Engin-eering honorary dinner sponsored by Tau Beta Pi \and various other departmental societies of the engineering schools, to be held Thursday, in the Union ballroom, at 6:30, according to an announcement recently made by A. B. Hueston, chairman of the committee in charge of this event. Approximately 300 are expected to attend the dinner. The All-Engineering honor dinner is held each year to pay tribute to the scholastic achievements of the engineering schools and is open to all the engineering faculty and those who hold membership in the engineering honoraries. Dr. Lewis, graduate of Lake Forest and Illinois Colleges, holds honorary degrees from a number of educational institutions. He formerly was headmaster at Lake Forest College and also mayor of Ijdto F<»|!^ est, Illinois."T
1
*4
PUBD0E EXPONENT
Tuesdkzy, April ^3. 1940
But
incklentilUy—
By Vladimir
Both of them watched her trim figure swing out of sight around the corner of the Library. “Well,” sighed the first fellow, romantically, “she’ll do.” “What?” asked the second.
Which, in sort of a negative sort of way, reminds us of our girl. She’s so aloof.
Time, moving in its own inexorable fashion, has requested that we print another pome. But after the treatment our works received in the Exponent, Friday, April 12, we demur. That pome, by the way, should have read:
Purdue Exponent
K. B. Iiulcgr W. B. Suith
Editor-fai-CM«f
. BaafatcM UaiiMwr
D. G. ftanio, editoriml director; G. W. VnAacUk, ataaBBine editor; K M. Antonini, aenior advertisiaK uanaarer; G. Scbilling, editor; R. Jenkins, sixtrla editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the poet offiM in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Cdnffresa of March I, 1879, and at the special rate of poetace provided for in seetioo 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised Jannarr 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrlns the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, midl subscription $8.50. Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertising &rvioe, Inc., College Publishers Bqpreecntetives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Ruffner Day Editor, Kaplan Ass’t. Night Editor, Van Densen Tuesday, April 23, 1940
DEPARTMENT OF POETIC THOUGHT (Second Printing) That “April showers Bring May fiowers” Doesn’t go For April snow.
One buck For stuff Put on The cuff.
We’re going to print that pome until it appears correctly. Steinmetz, himself, had nothing on the persistence we will show.
+ * Ic / Or as our high school anthology had: EGOTISM
Me Wheel
Prom, to some people, may be quite an occasion, but we can describe it in one word. A cashualty. In short, we’re short. He 4c % That brings us to a subject we’ve been wanting to broach for a long time. We would like to see more brief pomes. They shouldn’t have over two words per
If you have any bright ideas, address them to us in care of the Exponent and drop them in the box at the Union desk. We guarantee to print the best ones with a credit line. * * « Or your money back.
Art Club Will Teach
Students Sketching
The University of Wisconsin claims that its radio station, WHA, is the oldest in the country.
Union Ai t Club will feature Robeit Owen Parks, instructor of the club, who will demonstrate sketching at an open meeting in the Puttering Shop at 7:30 tonight. He will sketch from a skeleton, and briefly build up the muscle structure of the figure. The audience will be furnished materials free by the Puttering Shop so that they may sketch from the same model and ask questions about the work as problems arise. Other demonstrations such as: water color, oil, cartooning, clay modeling, leather and metal crafts, and the making of life-masks with plaster of paris may be planned for the future.
IM Schedules
Notices
TENNIS Class “A” Doubles Tuesday, April 23 -Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Tau Delta Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Chi Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa vs Beta Sigma Psi. Kappa Sigma vs Kappa Delta Eho. Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigma Pi Beta Theta Pi vs Acacia. -Sigma Alpha Nu vs Phi Gamma Delta. Triangle vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Chi vs Theta TfwSigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau vs Lambda Chi Alpha. Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Alpha. Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Nu. Upsilon
Pi Tau Sigma: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. —HUSTON.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. —HUSTON.
Dolphin Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 23, at 7 p m in fieldhouae. Discussion of Galacade. —FILER
BASEBALL
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Active members ■who are also members of Tau Beta Pi see Oatterall for all engineering honoraries banquet tickets. Others see Nelson or Hall by Tuesday, April 23. —HALL.
Tuesday, April 23
Diamond
Reed College has a student-fac-ulty group of musicians who play on old English flutes called recorders.
H. L. Mencken has given Dartmouth College the manuscript of “Happy Days,” autobiography of his youth.
Ward 6 vs Ward 14 Faculty vs Ward 8. Ward 24 vs Ward 25.
Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 11. Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12. Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 13 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 10 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 14 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 9.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, April 23, 7 30 p m room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
kiAid
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Wed. April 24, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150 INDIANA'S LAR^T DANCING
SCHOOL ALLEN'Sm r«.T
umBm!
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Merriest marital battle in years!
NOW SHOWING
spicy romance started
by a first
^^'^^MAiUORIE RAMSEAU • HENRY ^ TRAVERS • MILES MANDER
irS ANOTHER BIG FIRST RUN HIT
Ready to Go
You’ll hear this many times a day at Crown. Our efficient workmanship and speedy delivery service assure
you of your garment when yon want it. There’s a Crown truck
past your door every day.
Crown Laundry
njtE CLEA^WEBS OF FINE CLP T_H E S
PIA Members: Petitions for ah officas other than president, co-ed exe^htiVe, vh}^piresfdent, secretary, and treasurer of DIA for the Coming year are due Wednesday, April 24, at 5:80 p.m. in the PIA office. Petitions need no signature but should state qualiflacations. ' —HINSHAW.
riA Dance Class; Mee;^hR
April 28, at 7:16 p. to. in the soi room. All coeds are invited.
-LUTZ.
PIA Chorus: Meeting Tuesday, April 28 cancelled ' —HECKMAN.
Chi Epsilon: Actives and pledgee, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the allengineering honorary hanquert. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 28. —HUSTON.
War Department Films; No. 108 “Reconnaissance and Preparation ef Routes, Truck Drawn Units,’’ and Training Film No. 104 “Difficult Terrain, Truck-Drawn Units,’’ will be show in room 104 of 'the Armory at 4:10 p.m. on Tuesday, April 28. These films are shown in connection with the course in Field Artillery RCTiew for seniors. All students and faculty intetosted are invited to attend. —THOMPSON.
University Choir: Unorganized co-ed choir members 'Who are interested in the University Sing meet Wednesday, April 24 at 4 p m. in room 807, Union. —LE BOEUF.
Radio Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 28, at 7:80 p.m., in room 264 of the aleetricai engineering building. M. T. Gannon will be the speaker for the evening. Everyone is invited. * —PITCHER.
Co-ops: There will be a regqlar SC A Board meeting in the SCA room (62) Tuesday, April 23 at 7 :30 p. m -BROWN.
Scabbard and Blade: Formal initiation Wednesday, April 24, at 6 p. m. in Armory. Banquet in Union at 6 p m. Formal uniform required. —OLSON.
Wesley Foundation: The executive committee will have a very important meeting in the Foundation house at 7 p. m. Wednesday, April 24. —BROWN.
Classified Ads
Kappa Delta^ Pi: Initiation 6:30 Tuesday, April 23, Union. Members’ presence requested. Banquet will follow initiatiqbi^ Tickets may be obtained at Union desk. —BRODY,
Purdue Sports Women: Important meeting Tuesday, April 23 at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —MATHER.
FOR SALE
Seniors and Jnniors in Chemical Bnglneering: All desiring to take optional inspection trip to Danville, Pekin, and Peoria, Illinois, Thursday and Friday, April 26-26, leave name in room 101, Chemical and Metallurgical building, by Tuesday, April —LOVELL.
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and Pledges: ’Those who have not received their tickets for the All-Engineering Honorary Banquet see me before 4 p. m Wednesday, April 24. —EILERING.
FOR SALE — Typewriten. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchaasd, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. !Ebenheff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT
Russ—Bent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
line and never more than four lines. Examples: ODE TO OUR DEAR FRIEND THE LAUNDRY MAN
Eta Kappa Nu: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, April 24, at 4:45 p. m. in room 804 of the Union; banquet in room 366 at 6 p m —APPLEYARD.
All Students: Dr. Sam Higginbottom, Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of the USA, will meet with students interested in the work of Agricultural Missionaries, at 2:80 Tuesday. Meet at the West Union Desk at 2:80. —THOMAS.
LOST AND FOUND
Lost: Parjter Mechanical pencil, rear Michael Golden Shops. Finder plecise call 2428, Johnny.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are Scheduled as assistant ni ght editors during the next two weeks: Streid, April 23; Johnson, 24; Allanson, 26 ; Overman, 26; Thran, 27 ; Novey, 29; Zinski, 80; Kolb, May 1; Adams, 2; Amos, 3, and Stoeck^, 4. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
Student Service Fund Committee: The Tuesday, April 28 meeting with the national speaker has been cancelled. —HOBBS.
_ Independent Staff: Organization meeting in PIA office Wednesday, April 24 at 7:16 attend. —SELKOWITZ.
IHMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
P-Men: Meeting Thursday, April 26, at 7 ;30 p. m , in room 236 of Union. Election of officers will be held. —VYVERBERG.
Wesley Foundation: Important meeting of banquet ticket sellers Tuesday, April 28, at 7 r80 p. m. in the Foundation House. We must know the number of tickets sold. —ECKLER.
Gimlets: Important meeting room 236 of the Union at 7 p. m., Wednesday, April 24. An pledges and actives must be present. —FRAZEE
Independent Co-eds: You may participate in the University Sing on May 11, Organization meeting Wednesday, April 24 at 4 P. m in room 307, Union. —LE BOEUF.
i^ads
■TODAY - WEDNESDAY
by his h»art full of love'
2 SWELL FEATURES
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
lanilt-tnniH plini Ruiiiig )srei Ronuan! nriRs)
CHESTER MORRIS Lucir -
LLE BALL
WENDY BARRIE
JOHN CARRAt
ALLEN JENKINS • JO'sEPH'cALLe'iA C. AUBREY SMITH • KENT TAYLOR • PATRIC
|GOOOI(80T
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
WITH MARY KAY
This IS my Ed edition so come on all you eds lend me an ear and a keen eye. 1 scouted the stores for men just to see what was going to be news in this man's world 'Twas interesting, the things I saw.
Did I hear someone in the crowd say that he needed some new shirts? If it was just my imagination I am sure that there is one and perhaps more of you who could stand to refresh your shirt supply. GEISLER'S are having a shirt sale this week on all of their colored shirts. They are sold at the regular price with a 10 % discount on three or more. 'In stacks as high as the ceiling (and I'm not kidding either, because I saw them with my own eyes) are shirts of every kind and description. They have shirts in blues, greens, browns, and greens in stripes (of every kind from the pm to the widest of wide ones), plaids and some plain colors. If you are needing a new supply of shirts go to GEISLER'S and stock up while the stacks last.
weather) and you as well as everyone else are getting tired of looking at that same old wellworn pair of shoes Lift up your feelings with some new shoes from GOODWIN'S
''You can judge a man by the shoes he wears," that is either an old proverb or I just imagine It Anyway there might be some truth in it. If you want to be judged as an always on the ball ed, stop in at GOODWIN'S (in the vil)' and get a pair of his classic brown and white models You can get the W. L. W. brand of shoes in saddles with red rubber sole, the brown and white wing tip, or the plain brown tip. You know, fellows, it is spring (although you can't tell it by the
Today while strolling, I saw the Arrow White Shirts at DEWENTER'S. You know when you buy an arrow shirt, you're sure to have it for a long time, because It fits perfectly, is Danforized Shrunk, buttons are anchored on, and white goes well with everything. Try Gordon Dover with your sport coat and slacks By the way have you seen their selection of belts? Priced at $1.00 and 50c, it includes the new reversibles which are really something, you see one belt goes equally well with your best suit, or your slacks I do go for the new Swank Jewelry, featured at DEWENTER'S, especially the key chain with either one or three huge initials. Go m and look around this friendly store. No one gets mad if you don't but, they like to have your ideas and suggestions
white, blue and white, and red and tan, lined with the brightest plaid and checked gingham you have ever seen. Do you feel patriotic, if you do show it by wearing the new wedges in red, white and blue in ties or sandals The wedges can also be obtained in various other combinations of stripes with bags to match For the new shoe styles see CARL'S
Co-eds let's loaf, just take it easy as far as our feet are concerned To do this^ literally get a pair of "Loafers" at’ CARL'S the smart store for women. Loafers are being • featured in all
This week the FOSTER SHOP gives you something new and different. Artie Shaw is back in the dance world with a new 31 piece orchestra. | He says, "Thej general idea is; not to get awayl from swing music but to present dance music with more color than is possible with the usual brass and saxophone setup." His latest release is "Adios Marequita Linda" backed by "Frenesi." Benny Goodman gives to you "Fable of the Rose" and "How High The Moon." You may wonder when you hear the titles of Tommy Dorsey's newest recording "Polka Dots and Moonbeams," but it is a super arrangement and good listening. It is backed by "I'll Be Seeing You" another new song on its way up. Always check with the FOSTER SHOP if you want the latest recordings of all the bands.
white, brown and white, red and
And so for now goodby.I
! ‘
'' \
Tuesday# April 23« 1940
puSdde Exponent
Butler Challenges Riveter Nine Today
fioUohX Choku Hr Rob«rt J. Dcdkurd
When Purdue track team demonstrated that the seat of Wayne University trousers were inadequate by spanking severely the Michigan hutfit 96 to 36 in the Stadium, we were wondrously-impressed with the prodigous score that the Boilermakers defeated their opponents. —^fc— And after Phil Johnson and Ted Clark, Expo sports slaves, did a bit of researching on this subject yesterday and Saturday, We were also wondrously - impressed with the three-digit scores that teams of other days made, particularly those ofi Boilermaker contingents and their opponents. —^fc— For instance, on May 3, 1900, a bunch of demoniac Illinois Indians took a crop of poor Boilermaker thinlies into camp by scoring 106 points against that of 16 for PU. ... Then seven years later on May 17 the mini again humbled the Boilermakers by negotiating 104 to 22. —fc— But the Purdue track team, though mild during earlier parts of the century, piled up 106 jtoints against DeFauw’s dndermen on May 12, 1933, and, again on May 5, 1937, the Boilermakers scored 102 while the Methodists managed to garner 29.* —^fc—■ News just reached this "Corner that Charles Flaherty, Ag ’41, stepped up on the tee of fifth hole at the West Lafayette Public Golf course yesterday afternoon and slipped a golf ball right into the hole in one crack. We understand also that Flaherty was so surprised and pleased that he couldn’t finish playing the rest of the round ... We don’t blame him . . . Congratulations, holer-in-one!
Illinois, Badgers Lead Big Ten Play With Help Of Rain If old man Jupiter Pluvius will permit, the present two-way deadlock of Big Ten diamond forces should be broken, or at least some attempt at severing that situation will be made this week. The Iowa Hawkeyes, champions of last year’s race, no longer hold that advantage, but have been forced to take a back seat in favor of the Illinois Suckers and Wisconsin’s Badgers, both teams having registered three victories against^ one black mark in the lost column. Pacotti Back Events of last week saw the names of many pitchers brought to the fore to overshadow the sluggers, as the slabmen proved very stingy in giving out hits to the opposition. Johnnie Pacotti, Illinois star flinger of two seasons past, held the Wildcats of Northwestern in cheek all afternoon by allowing only two scattered hits. John Saxer of Wisconsin, however, did him one better as he gave up only one meagre hit. The former appears to have completely recovered from the sore arm that has plagued him for two full campaigns, while the latter gives every evidence that he will continue his splendid work of previous years.
And another thing that we are pleased about today is the 1941 Western Conference indoor meet will be held here at Purdue next February . . . Boy, is Purdue stepping out these days with that brand new Fieldhouse . . . Last year the Big Ten swimming meet and now the track meet . . . Great stuff!
Hole In One Vernon Flaherty joined the ranks of the imhiortals (as far as golfing is concerned) yesterday afternoon as he performed the amazing feat of sinking a hole in one on the West Lafayette Public Golf course. The junior agriculture student from Loraine, Ojiio,, dropped the ball into the cup after making a single shot from from the 125 yard distant fifth tee. By virtue of the once in a life time accomplishment, Flaherty is eligible to become a member of the National Hole in One Club, and also the Hoosier Hole in One Club. As a member of the latter organization, he will be allowed to compete in the state hole in one tourney later on in the summer.
Chicago’s Maroons fell victims to Saxer, thus accounting for one loss among the four that keep them at the bottom of the race. Hal Haub, who will be remembered by Boilermaker fans for his three hit, 2-0 defeat of Bob Bailey, had difficulty in beating out the Illini 7-4. The schedule for this week shows Purdue opposing Chicago, Illinois against Ohio State, Northwestern meeting Minnesota, Michigan and Indiana, and Iowa against Wisconsin. Minnesota, Indiana, and Ohio State have not opened their respective seasons in Western Confereiice company yet and are listed with no wins and likewise no defeats in the standings which follow: Team W L Pet. Illinois 3 1 .750 Wisconsin 3 1 .750 Iowa 2 .1 .667 Northwestern 2 2 .500 Michigan 1 1 .500 PURDUE 0 1 .000 ‘ Chicago .. 0 4 .000 Minnesota 0 0 .000 Ohio State 0 0 .000 Indiana 0 0 .000
Bailey, Blanken Will Share Mound Duties; Weather - Logged Boilermakers Confident
Big Ten Indoor Track Meet Here In194t A pair of momentous decisions of vital interest to Boilermaker fans were made Saturday at the special meeting of the Big Ten athletic directors in Chicago. The first was the unanimous verdict of the directors to allow Chicago to remain in the conference in fact as well as in name by agreeing to include the Maroons in the 194041 basketball schedule, a point that they riefused to pass at the last regular meeting. Although only the faculty committee has the power of expelling a school from the conference, the athletic directors could have kept the Chicago teams from competing with any other school in athletic competition, which would eventually mean expulsion from the league. At the earlier regular meeting of the directors in March, the officials were irked at Chicago because some of its staff had slurred other schools in the conference by stating that a winning football team could not be produced without violating Big Ten regulations. However, they accepted a letter from Robert M. Hutchins, Chicago’s president, as a denial of previous statements, to permit the present policy with Chicago University to continue. The second decision of the directors was the announcement that Coach Phillips and the Riveter track team are to be hosts for the next year’s indoor Big Ten track meet. The meet will be held in the Fieldhouse on February 28 and March 1, 1941.
Still fighting to get out and make a baseball season of what has, so far, been nothing but rain, rain, and more rain, Dutch Fehring’s baseballers looked with apprehensive eyes at leaden skies while out tossing the apple around in preparation for the Butler invasion this afternoon. But even a watery spring and th^ weatherman must give in to the law of averages, and it looks like Boilermaker ball fans ought to be seeing a real ball game
out there on Ross-Ade field. Although apparently far into the
season, Dutch still hasn’t had the opportunity of seeing many of his Boilermaker pill-sockers in there playing under the stress of an hon-est-to-goodness ball game, and will be dividing up the assignments in today’s game, with sophomore Don Blanken slated to share mound hon-
ors along with Bob Bailey.
Young Behind Plate
The catching spot, turning into a real battle between rookie Ernie Young and erstwhile basketballer Eli Yeager, seems to be showing up a little more favorably for the surearmed sophomore, for Young will be behind the plate when the umpire calls “Play Ball!” this afternoon out north of the Fieldhouse. Young is another boy who will be tasting battle for the first time un-
der Fehring’s eagle eye.
ers, boasting an especially strong pitching staff. Sophomores play no small part in the Bulldog line-up as evidenced by the twirling of rookie Bud Tex, who whiffed five out of the first six men who faced him in their recent Wabash encoimter. Bemie Brodernick also shone in the Wabash ruckus, with a slugging bat that went a long way towards the 7-6 victory chalked up by the Bull-
dogs.
Hamilton At First
The Bulldbggers will be relying on hard-hitting Bill Hamilton to hold down the number one sack in today’s battle, and Meth Gueff has been chosen to take over the keystone position. Used as a utility infielder and outfielder in last year’s diamond contests, Meth has switch-
Probable Line-ups ed his talent to become guardian of Purdue Butler the second sack.
Smithson ...lb Hamilton Dr. Miller's Pillrollets
Hearne ss — Carbon _ ^ meet the Blue Demons to- „ T.T X night in the bowling alleys at 7:30 ■y^argo rf Swager mythical campus championYoimg c Coombs ship. Last week Miller’s keglers Blanken p Tex downed the Physical Ed team boasting a team of such luminary stars
as footballers Hennis, Mackiewicz,
Butler faces the Boilermaker Eankin and Juska, to enter the finnine with a host of “hot” ball play- als of the mythical tourney.
Famous N-B-C Radio Artist— Alec Templeton Returning to Lafayette^ Wednesday, April 24
All students who attended Alec Templeton’s convocation last year will join with the Purdue Exponent in heartily welcoming his return engagement. The single performance will start 8:15 p. m. in the Jefferson High Gym. Doors open at 7:00 p. m. Tickets on sale at Deckers, University Drug Store, and at the door.
General Admission 55c
RESERVED SEATS $1.10
Sponsored By Lafayette Junior Chamber of CommerceV '
PUBDUE EXPOHEMT
Tuesday, AprU 23, 1948
Jjumlt^ Jalh
Hobby Development
... as a means of pleasantly and enjoy ably spending leisure time has been an important factor in the growth of what we call “cultural civilization.” With little time for purely nontechnical courses, it has often been justly charged that the stress of engineering study on the Purdue student results in too little development of liberal arts appreciation. Hobbies are primarily a means for people to spend their leisure time in creative effort which affords both relaxation and relief from monotonous daily tasks. The Union Art Club is making a serious attempt to introduce new hobbies to students tonight at the first of a series of open meetings. At 7:30 in the Union puttering room Robert Parks will sketch from a skeleton and build up the muscle structure of his figure. Students in the audience may follow suit, asking questions as they work. Materials will be furnished free by the puttering room. The Art Club plans other demonstrations for subsequent meetings, which will include lecture demonstrations on water colors, oil painting, cartooning, clay modeling, leather and metal crafts, and mask-making. This is a concrete program for extending “culture” at Purdue. With such a variety of subjects to choose from, the student who often finds time hanging heavy on his hands may find a real outlet for his creative ideas, and almost any student will find opportunity to broaden his horizons of artistic appreciation.
Mary L. Mathews dean of the home economics school, was featured recently in an aiticle in an Indianapolis paper on
“Hoosiei Women Who Do Things.” The aiticle spoke of Dean Matthews as “one of the nation’s foremost leaders in professional education foi home-making.”
CORRECTION GOLF IRONS $2.50 - $10.00 INSTEAD OF AS APPEARED IN PREVIOUS AD DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 5036
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr ^ Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A ROK DR. LUTHCR A. RtSK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th fir Main 5701
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Darner's Flower Shop Qualify Ffowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST m 522 Main St. Rhona ■47fil LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
• jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIf SOUP COPH* 5e
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
Child Development Class Visits Chicago Seventeen home economics students from junior and senior child development classes spent yesterday and will spend today in Chicago on an inspection trip. The classes visited institutions for handicapped children, and observed the care and treatment given the patients. Prof. Albjerg Speaks On Europe Next Week Prof. Victor L. Albjerg of the histoiy, economics, and government department, will speak on “Victory or Defeat; For Whom?” at the April luncheon meeting of the University agricultural staffs to be held in room 363 of the Union building, April 29, at noon. Dr. G. D. Scarseth is chairman of the committee in charge of the arrangements.
Residence Halls Plan To Hold Open House Gala Week, May 3-4 Open house at the University’s newly completed residence units will be one of the featured attractions on the program for the first two days of Gala Week, May 3-4. Both the Women’s Residence Halls and the Cary Quadrangle will be open for inspection by alumni and the geneial public from 1:30 until 4 p.m. Friday and from 2 until 6 on Saturday. Special inspection tours-of facilities will be conducted at the halls for the convenience of visitors. Among the points of special interest at the Cary Hall Quadrangle are the tower reception room, the new post office which contains more than 1000 boxes, and the grill and sweet shop. '
Blow 0^1*
Cary Hall’s mamouth boreas departed this life at 12:01 Sunday noon, victim of the same fate that
struck down that other marathon ’ hours.
champion, Pheidippides. It was sheer exhaustion that dropped the boreas boys (so named from Boreas, god of the north wind) after an un-
paralleled ^record of 84 non-stop
QUALITY which gives • Perfect Fit • Individual Distinction • Satisfaction spariendahl
Phone 6030
Fowler Hotel
makers are buying ^em two packs at a time'' because Gheslerfields are DEFINITELY MILDER, COOLERSMOKING and BETTER-TASTING. Chesterfields are made from the world's finest cigarette tobaccos and they're made right. In size, in shape, in the way they burn . . . everything about Chesterfield is just right for your smoking pleasure.
Copyright 1940, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
j^0€e>ueaii oudteaZ'C^^ait^ilt