Purdue
t*tn
Volume 51, No. 154
ML JHi MMIM ^tHi^ 1^1 lliXpOZli^lXi
Tuesday, April 16,1946
Bosebollers Meet Findlay Nine Here Game Starts At 4 Ran IViVde TA/s Afterndon I By Jbe Dolan Sportswriters use to record on their books a great double play combination of the Chicago Cubs written in the tabulations as Tinkers, to Evers, to Chance, and Purdue’s nine of the present age uses the same procedure but a little paradoxically, because it leaves everything to Chance. This afternoon at 4 o’clock, the Boilermakers meet little Findlay College, of Findlay, 0., a game that should provide an openin for the Riveters to square themselves with their fans after the disappointing exhibition of “how it shouldn’t be done” last week against the Iowa club.
\ The Boilermaker club worked out yesterday despite the absence of Coach Dutch Fehring, who journeyed to Terre Haute to take notes on Indiana’s baseball team, as the Hoosiers were playing the Indiana State Teacher’s college of Terre Haute. The drill was in charge of co-captain Felix Mackiewicz and last season’s captain Jimmy Thompson. The squad went through a short batting drill and then left to sleep on the subject of Findlay. First PE Graduate The Findlay coach, Howard “Monk” Kessell, is a former Purdue football star, having been a starting halfback on the great 1930 team. Kessell was the first man to 1 eceive a bachelor of Physical Education degree from Purdue; he was the one and only member of the fiist PE graduating class of 1931. Up Goes Findlay Since going to Findlay, he has built the college’s athletic reputation to a new height in the institution’s athletic history. Last baseball season, Findlay experienced its most successful season, and the two star pitchers of that season will be sent against the Boilermakers today and tomorrow. They are Fred Matheny and Vernon Rhodes. Bot^ boys were starters of la§t season’s Findlay nine and won eight out of ten games apiece. Fehring’s starting line-up for today’s g'ame is expected to be the same as that of the Iowa fracas; however, if the hitting is the same as the Iowa encounter there may be other changes.
. . . and his band will play at a post prom tea dance to be held in the south ballroom of the Union, Saturday, April 20, from 1 to 4 p.m. All holders of prom tickets and their dates will be admitted free of charge ... to enjoy an afternoon of music “styled ^^by Wilde.” POMM Initiation, Fete Postponed Until Thursday Extenuating circumstances have caused the postponement of the spring banquet of the Puidue Order of Military Merit from tonight at 6:30 until Thursday, April 18, at 6 p.m. Formal initiation, scheduled for 5:30 this evening, will be held in the Armory at 5 p.m. next Thursday. The banquet program remains unchanged. Gordon B. Endei:sr^ lecturer in History 130 and with several years’ experience in military affairs in the Orient, has been engaged to speak. He will discuss the places for mil-itary-trained American youth in volunteer services abroad. Mr. Enders was formerly ser-geant-major of a British battalion of the Shanghai Volunteer Corps during the unsettled days of fighting around Shanghai,
Tau Beta Pi Names Junior Members For P/esentYear Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, announces the election of the following juniors; L. G. Alexander, L. E. Aull, V. L. Crabb, E. J. Diazy, A C. Goldsmith, W. K. Grise, N. J. Haiflick, W. L. Holcomb, G. R. yJungerman, M. li. Keane, C. W. Leber, A. D. M. Lewis, J. T. Long, L. B. McCammon, E. S. McKee, W. G. Meese, W. J. Pitcher, C. J. Schaefer, R. J. Schier, T. J. R. Stephens, K. J. Thompson, A. C. Weed, and H. Wist. Tau Beta Pi ranks as an honorary in the engineering field as does Phi Beta Kappa in other fields. Pledges are chosen on a basis of scholarship, character, integrity, adaptability and interest both in engineering and in other fields. Varsity Show Cast Ready For Opening Amid a colorful background and more colorful costumes, the cast of “Sweethearts,” 1940 Varsity Show, is working diligently to achieve perfection in the various scenes for Thursday, opening night. Judging from last night’s dress rehearsal, first nighters should witness the show at its best. Nor is a letdown likely for Friday or Saturday nights’ presentations. A great bit of ad libbing scattered here and there throughout the performance provides humor for plenty of laughs. The superb music by A1 Stewart and the University Orchestra plus the quaint folk dance contribute greatly to the musical part of the show. All solo and group singing in last night’s rehearsal was as smooth as you could, desire.
Poet Robert Frost Speaker At Literary Banquet Tonight
Algha Zeta Speech Finals Willie Held Tonight In Union Elimination Confesi' Scheduled At 4 P M Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, and the University Forensic Board will sponsor the second of the Alpha Zeta speech contests for agriculture students tonight at 7:30 _in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The contest is open to the public ahd those interested in agriculture are particularly invited. Twelve entrants have registered to date, and six will be selected from this group in an afternoon elimination contest at four o’clock. Subjects to be presented include several topics of current farm interest. Speeches will be limited to seven minutes in length. Content, organization and delivery will constitute the basis of judging. Medals will be awarded to the winners of first, second and third places, and the Alpha Zeta speech trophy will go to the organization represented by the winner. Elimination contest judges will be Prof. P. E. Lull, speech department; and R. H. Bauman, of the farm management extension staff. Judges for the evening competition will be E. L. Butz, farm management department; G. D. Williams, speech department; and L. A. Wood, supervisor of practice teaching in agricultural education.
Robert Ftost
Bridge Teams Begin
Elimination Tonight Members of all the bridge teams entered in the Union bridge tournament will meet tonight at 7 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union for the second round of the tournament. Up to this time no eliminations have been held and all those who played in the first round will also play in this second round. At the epd of this round, those teams having lost two games will be elimin-
ated.
Team scores aie posted in the game room in the Union, enabling teams to determine wherO they stand in the tournament.
Pretty Brazilian Co~ed Paints Alluring Picture Of Unhurried Life In The South American Way
By Bob VanDeifsen Hurry over to the personnel office for a job iji South Ameiica, seniors! Gay casinos, carnivals, beaches, poofs, mountain resorts, no unemployment, and cheaper living costs are all part of the picture of Rio de Janeiro as painted by Alice Goncalves, pretty freshman science co-ed from Brazil. Alice, who is of Portugese decent, is here with her sister, Benedicta, winner of a fellowship from thfe American Home Economics Association. A typical Brazilian girl, Alice is one of a family of nine. She IS a dark eyed brunette 134 cms. tall and weighing 45 kgs. No Lone Couples Like American women she is late for appointments, but unlike our co-eds she doesn’t smoke; she loves swimming, hiking, fishing, and finds it difficult to get used to the idea of couples going out alone, for in Rio young people always go in groups. She likes all kinds of dancing but says there is no real South American music here (not even the “Gaucho Serenade”). The favorite dance
in Rio IS the samba, a gay dance similar to the rumba. Afternoon snacks are a custom and dinner is seived at 8 p. m. A drink called Guaiana is the B/azilian coke. Alice says that Rio has no race prejudice and also that almost everybody has servants, except the servants. Half-day of Classes Colleges ate a^l do-educational but not as large as here. Each college has its own campus and specializes in one branch of education. Classes are in the morning or the afternoon, not both. There are no fraternities, sororities, or residence halls, the students either living at home or in rooming houses. Very few South American students work their way through college. There are no “joe” schools, and although South, Americans know how to play, they take their work seriously. An interesting educational note is that all high school students are required to take three years of English and four years of French. Men More Conventional Contrasting our men with Rio’s, Alice said that there was little difference in appearance, but she re-/ luctantly admitted that the South
Ameiican men seem to have greater legard for convention and would nevei lounge about with their feet on thd»furniture. The men are quite seiious about romance and, since divorce is impossible, are very practical in their selection of a wife. Liquor is not very popular and few drunks are to be seen about the city. White linens are popular even for business and are worn particularly in the summer months of January and Februaiy when the temperature may be around a hundred (just like Lafayette). Speaking of weather, last Sunday was a typical Biazilijan winter day! We’re In A Hurry The thing that seems most interesting to Alice about Americans is that they are continually in a hurry. She would like to know why ? Alice lives iji WRH north and •will be glad to tell you more about her Count! y and particularly about Rio de Janeiro which is a misnomer meaning “River of January.” Actually the beautiful harbor is not the mouth of a river, but it was discovered in January. Anyhow, it’s a beautiful name for a beautiful city and as for the people—-w^ell, you go meet Alice. /
To Address Tau Beta Engineering Dinner Di. William M. Lewis, president of Lafayette College at Easton, Pa., will be the principal speaker at the All-Engineering Honor Dinner, which will be held on Thursday evening, April 25, in the Memorial Union ballroom, A. B. Huston, chairman of the committee announced yesterday. The banquet IS sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, and the various departmental societies of the engineering schools. The All-Engineering Honor Dinner IS held each year to pay tribute to the scholastic achievements of the distinguished students in all of the engineering schools and is open to all of the engineering faculty and members of engineering honoiaries. Dr. Lewis is a graduate of Lake Forest and Illinois Colleges and holds honorary degrees from a number of educational institutions. Formerly he was headmaster of Lake Forest College and mayor of Lake Forest, Illinois. He has been active in national educational affairs for many years and has seived as president of Lafayette College since 1927. Art Club To Reorganize Tonight; Lectures Piaimed Union Art Club will hold an organization meeting today at 7:30 p.m., in room 261 of the Union to elect officers. Refreshments will be served. The aim of the club is to create an interest in art, not merely love for painting and for drawing, but to show the inter-relationship between art and education, art and everyday living, and art and Ifeisure. In the future, the Art Club plans to sponsor forums, lectures, films, and exhibits. The “Evolution of the Cartoon,” which was shown last Wednesday, was presented by the club. \
. . noted American poet, who will speak at the annual University literary banquet at 6:30 tonight in the south ballroom of the Union.
Hirshburg Will Speak To Photography Fans In Union Tomorrow Roy Hiishbuig, nationally known photographer of Richmond, will speak on “Studio Lighting” at an open meeting sponsored by the University Camera club tomorrow night at 7:30 in the north ballroom of the Union. Robert Hoffer, Union vice-presi-dent for the organization, announced last night that chair-space will be provided .for all interested persons. Hirshburg’s pictures have appeared in Life, Theatre, Professional Photographer, and other national magazines. In addition, his photographs have appeared in rotogravure sections of newspapers throughout the country. Foreign portrait connoisseurs, as well as American, have awarded his portraits prizes at various times. Residents of Italy, Japan, and Spain have viewed Hirshburg’s work. Supplementing his work in photography, Hirshburg has written poetry, and prose accounts of trips made in search of suitable subjects. One trip tp Alaska by plane provided material for numerous accounts. AlChE Group To Hear W. Higberg Tonight Featuiing a talk by William Higbeig, sales manager of the Reilly Tai and Chemical Company of Indianapolis, on the sale of chemicals, the first AIChE meeting of the year will be held tonight, starting "with a banquet at 6:30 p.m. in room 363 of the Union building. Presenting points of particular interest to those senior chemical engineers who are going into the field of sales woiik after graduation. Higherg, national president of Alpha Chi Sigma, chemical fraternity, will present a talk of interest to laymen too. Tickets for the affair may still be obtained from Swaim, Massey or at Prof. Shreve’s office. Rolfe jenkins Wins * SDX Student Awdrd Rolfe Jenkins, Exponent spoits editor, has been named the recipient of the Sigma Delta Chi award for notably successful woi’k in collegiate journalism. The award is made by the national fiatemity to a senior male student working on the student publication on any campus having a chapter of the professional journalistic fraternity.
Prizes For Year's Literary Winners Wifi Be Awarded / Robert Frost, “the most distinctive of modem New England poets,” will be the featured speaker at the University’s annual literary banquet tonight in the south ballroom of the Union. Dinner will be served at 6 o’clock with President E. C. Elliott acting as toastmaster. Frost, a three-time winner of the Pulitzer prize for poetry, has been on the staffs of both Yale and Harvard Universities for several years, and has been a special lecturer at Middlebury College since 1920. In addition to being the author of a number of widely known poems, his play, “A Way Out,” appeared in 1929. To Present Awards At the banquet a number of trophies and cash prizes won by University students during the past year will be presented. Included in this list will be the George Ade cup, for the best one act play; the Reis-
According to a statement made yesterday by Professor Paul Fatout, committee chairman, tickets may be obtained until noon today at Decker’s in Lafayette, at Southworth’s, Reisner’s,^ the Union desk, and at the English building. , ner cup, for the best short story; and the Governor Townsend cup, for the best informal essay. Cash prizes include the Dean Enders awards, for the best science essays; the Hockema - StewSrt awards for the best historical essays, and the Winterrowd awards for the best collection of books. Several dictionaries will be presented to freshmen who possess superior vocabularies. Born In California Born in San Francisco in 1875, Robert Frost moved to New England at the age of ten, and has made^ it his home ever since, with the exception of a three year sojourn in England. At the age of fifteen he began to write poetry, possessing great admiration for Poe and Shakespeare. For 20 years Frost regularly sent his writings to national magazines —^who as regularly rejected them. Moves To England In 1912 Frost sold his farm and went to England. It was here that his first book, “A Boy’s Will,” attracted some attention. But it was not until his second volume, “North of Boston” was republished in America that he began to be widely known in his own country. Upon his return to America in 1915 he began a program of teaching, farming, and writing. With the appearance of “New Hampshire,” Frost won the Pulitzer prize for poetry in 1923. “West-Running Brook,” “Selected Poems,” “Collected Poems,” and ‘^Afternoon Neighbors,” all helped to build up his reputation. Today he is generally recognized as one of the greatest living poets. Purdue Christian ... Foundation, at a recent meeting elected Henry Mangus, Ag '41, president; and John Thompson, ME ’41, vice-president. Officers for the Sunday morning class include Ted Wilson, Ag ’41, president; Merle Reynolds, ME '41, vice-president; and Alice Robbins, treasurer. For the Sunday evening forum, Glen Boyd, Ag ’41, president; Robert Riggs, Ag ’42; vice-president; and Paul Carrington, treasurer. The new officers will assume their duttea im- * mediately.m::
V' ", '
piw I ll■illl■.ily■^^
. x.^- ' ■ ' ''',‘f'fr ,-1^
, • ' \ Ai '’> "tf \ < f ' >'
"' ^ .,'.' 'y'y ■';.' •' ''*’
‘ . ' > ■
,
PURD0E EXPOKEMT
Tuesday* April 16, 1940
If
Outdoor Track Records On "Thin Ice" On Attack By Speedy Riveter Thinlies
Judging from the efficiency of the Boilermaker track team during the indoor season and the initial performance of the outdoor season, several outdoor track records which have been standing for several years appear to be in a very precarious position. With such outstanding track members as Holderman,' Rankin, Edwards, Weber, Shackleton, and Tycocki gunning to lower preceding marks, little dohbt should prevail that nearly all records will be endangered during the coming outdoor sea-
son. For instance, the prevailing time for outdoor mile run is 4:16.9, while Holderman has lowered this mark several seconds in indoor, competition, with a mark of 4:13.2 as his best performance. Incidentally, this last time is thought to be the best recorded by any collegiate runner this season, according to coach Herman Phillips. Holderman should be able to come close to the existing record in the half and, two mile runs also, if his early season performances are any basis for prediction. Have Rankin has been steadily improving in the hurdles, and should stand a good chance of lowering the records for these events. Art Edwards, who has already bettered the indoor pole vault record ■with a jump of 12 feet and 11 inches, should be a cinch to set a new outdoor record in this event. His mark for the indoor record is one inch higher than the prevailing outdoor best mark. Captain Shackleton in the middle distances, Weber in the shot put, and Tycocki in the broad jump also stand a strong chance of finishing the season wearing new laurels. Pres. Ellioff Views Sale Of Symphonies Expressing his approval of the campaign of the National Committee for Music Appreciation as another step in the long tradition of Indiana artistic and cultural development, Dr. E. C, Elliott, president of the University, yesterday said, “The plan of the Committee makes it easily possible for the great majority of households of the state to possess records of the great symphonic music. In this day it may be truly said of everyone, ‘by their “records” you may know them’.” This week at music appreciation headquarters. Exponent office, 312 N. 5th St., Lafayette, music lovers are obtaining their fourth and fifth recordings of Wagner and Bach. The plan of the committee makes it possible to obtain complete symphonies for less than the usual cost of a single disk. The Wagner opus is the fourth ,in the series of ten great masterpieces to be distributed thus far through this movement. The three previous releases, including the works of Schubert, Beethoven, and Mozart, are still available. Competition For Billiards Crown Starts Tomorrow The initial round of play for the University “Billiards Crown” and the coveted C. C. Peterson Gold Medal will take place Wednesday, April 17, at 7 p.m. Those participating will be J. E. Breese, D. Forbes, H. Galonka, F. J. Pazonkas, R. Perkins, and J. Smalley, each of whom was the winner in six separate tournaments. The tourney will be held in the Union billiard room. The C. C. Peterson G'fild Medal is awarded annually to the winner of this tournament by C. C. Peterson, world’s billiards champion and known around the world for his trick shots. Peterson is well-known about the campus since he exhibited his ability here last February. All contestants and members and alternates of the 14.1, three-cush-ion, and straight rail billiard tdams are requested to meet in the billiard room Wednesday night, at which time gold keys will be given.
Bert Bohlin
. . , was elected president of the Purdue Reamer Club for the 194041 academic year at a meeting last night. Other newly elected officers are L, V. Teeter, vice president; Warren D. Archibald, secretary; Clarence P, Myers, treasurer, and John Post, sergeant-at-arms.
fittIdfUiSL Qlfwiai Br Bobert J. DeckarJ It’s a conspiracy of the lowest rank! This department in' a recent column misspelled a Delta Tau Delta baseball i player’s name, yesterday thought the “fox paw” had blown over, and then went to pitch a ball game for a Greek nine. (It shouldn’t be mixed up with this affair . . . none of its business.) against the Northwestern street team. —^fc— Thinking they were merciful ^ouls, this corner nevertheless “allowed” our opponents a couple of runs, in the first inning by throwing an assortment of wild pitches, etc . . . And here the conspiracy crops out. —fc— The Delts began to pound mercilessly . . . Extra base hits rained all over . . . They even brought out a couple of blondes to distract our attention from the game ... So today, you revengeful souls, we admit the error in the column was bad and cry for mercy . . . Enough’s enough . . . No more misspelled names! .... —^fc— News of twisting facts in the Michigan State-Purdue track meet Saturday reached our ears a few minutes ago ... It seems that a trio of Boilermaker dashmen grabbed the first three places in the 75yard dash. —fc— Ted Tycocki, Boilermaker thinlie, managed to beat out Dave Rankin, another PUer, in that event, and a meet judge who was to pick the first-place winner snared Tycocki and thought he was Rankin. —fc— Rankin was officially entered in the books as the winner, and newspaper releases reached a number of “rags” in the midwest, reading that Rankin had won the dash, in addition to winning two other events, which was true. —^fc— Because of his feat of “winning” the dash, Rankin received some undeserved publicity . , . Later the tiuth was di'vulged . . . The judges had made a mistake, but it was too ' late . . . The dii’ty work had been done ... So blame the mistake on the officials . . . And not the newspapers. Wilcoxon Presents Sound Movie At ASCE Meeting R. F. Wilcoxon, section chief of the United States Geological Survey, presented a sound movie, “Operation of the Multiplex Machine” at a meeting of the ASCE yesterday afternoon in Heavilon Hall. The method of mapping illustrated in the movie was that used by the TVA and the Geological Survey to transform aeiial photographs into typographical maps. This principle, involving the use of the steroscope, is replacing the old method of topographical and aero-photo mapping. The movie shown' by Mr. Wilcoxon was prepared by Col. jC. H. Birdseye, chief of the division of engiaving and printing. Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: Warren DuBroff, prior; George Brick, exchequer; Arnold LoMar, recorder; Edgar Katzenberg, assistant recoider; Geihardt Van Biema, alumni recorder; Gerhardt Nothman, historian; James Mann, pledge counsellor.
Intramural Baseball Begins Today; Other Spring Sports Soon This week heralds the opening of a new season in the field of intramural sports activity, with a galaxy of ward, fraternity, and 4Cary Hall teams, amodntirtg to about 60 in all, edger to commence pafticipation under a warm sun. ' The majority of the aggregations will initiate proceedings today, baseball ha-ving the spotlight. Practice sessions are scheduled for Intramural Field, just west of Russell street, tomorrow. The various squads are awaiting the advent of better playing conditions, and look to this week-end as a possible opening date. A tennis tourney is also planned, first matches getting under way on Friday or Saturday. Golf On Way All who are interested in golf may sign up on the card in the check-out room of the Fieldhouse. As many as five Greek teams have an excellent opportunity to gain possession of the Inter-fra-ternity participation trophy. Those registering the highest scores are: Phi Kappa Sigma, 521; Alpha Gamma Rho, 520; Kappa Sigma, 518; Beta Theta Pi, 515; Lambda Chi Alpha, 513. The most versatile combination is Alpha Gamma Rho, for the future farmers have amassed a total of 520 points, to annex second place, and have done well in every branch. Only seven types of competition remain, namely, outdoor track, tennis, horseshoes, archery, baseball, bowling, and golf. All of the Greek organizations will, consequently, be vieing for top honors as the season nears its completion.
Riveter Bowlers Defeated In Annual Illinois Competition Both the' ed and do-ed bowling teams continued their activities last Saturday afternoon they traveled to' Champaign, to meet the University "or Illinois keglers in an afternoon match. The occasion was the return visit paid to the Illini by the Riveter pin topplers. Earlier this year the Boilermakers had little trouble in vanquishing the Orange and Blue, when they made their annual visit to the University. Saturday, however, the tables were turned, as the Gold and Black team ran into unexpected resistence on a strange alley and were defeated by a none too small margin. Dick Wagner, Riveter bowler, was high point man for both teams, his 581 leading all contestants. Other members of the Boilermaker team wore George Byrne, Fred Montague, Bob Mulhausen, and Don Brooking. The girls’ team that also made the trip matched the boys in being defeated by a strong team of Illini co-eds. Radio Club Will Hear C. K. Siedman Tonight Dr. C. K. Stedman of the physics department will speak on “High Fidelity Loudspeakers” before an open meeting of the Radio Club tonight at 7:30 p.m., in room 254 of the electrical engineering building. His talk will cover the principal type of loudspeakers, pointing out their advantages and disadvantages, and describing the latest systems and their operation. Dr. Stedman has done research in the field of acoustics and teaches a physics course devoted to this field. The lecture should be interesting to all those interested in radio, record reproductions, and public address work.
£xpoifumi SpDJdA fiaqn
Rolfe Jenkins, Sports Editor
Niffht Editor, Richards
Boilermaker Weightlifters Set For Indiana State Title Struggle
’Way down in the lowest depths of Purdue’s fieldhouse, there toils a group of little-publicized, hardworking weightlifters that are fast becoming one of the state’s Biggest darkhorses in the fight for the Indiana weightlifting title. Throughout the year, the Purdue weightlifting club has quietly gone about the difficult task of humbling practically all opposition, until now they stand ready to go up to the state meet in East Chicago this coming Saturday, and bring the championship back to the home of the Boilermakers. After having been oiganized but a few months, the squad took on a moi’e experienced group from Indiana University, and won decisively, after which they went on to take a close second in the triangular meet held here in the fieldhoufee with Indiana and Kokomo, on the night of the athletic carnival. The squad is divided into three divisions — lightweight, middleweight, and heavyweight, whichHare composed as follows: Hudgens and Campbell, at 148 pounds, in the lightweight division; Captain Kasznia and Sleepe, at 165 pounds, in the middleweight division; and Jim Raymond, at 205 pounds, in the heavyweight class. This last Sunday, pitted against Kokomo, lightweight Hudgens broke two State records when he pressed 195 pounds, and then went on to “snatch’' 190 pounds. The team totals, at the close of the meet, were
DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Mon. April 22, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Ded. April 24, 7:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 AfjIJKiyS Btk aad F«ntf
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
ANN'S GOT A ROLE THAT REALLY LETS HER SIZZLE.
Humphrey BOGART •Jeffrey LYNN -—EXTRA — PETE SMITH SPECIALTY "WHAT'S YOUR I. Q."
Track Team Will Oppose Wayne U. Here Saturday Hopeful of. making the count two straight in the outdoor track campaign, the Boileripaker cinder squad, fresh from its victory over the Michigan State team, will act as host against the invading Wayne University squad from Detroit in Ross-A(te Stadium Saturday. ” ' The auto city club is expected to give formidable opposition for the il^iveter team, especially in the hurdle and dash events. Last season the Wayne team went down to defeat by a score
of 82 1-2 to 42 1-2.
f'*
only a few points from the team record of 3,000, having chalked up 2,900 points during the match.
Although the snow storm ^ at Lansing Saturday turned the meet into a combination indoor and outdoor affair, the Boilermaker team displayed rare early season form in' defeating the Spartans, 69-53. The inclemdBt weather forced all events except the discus and javelin events to fee under the shelter of Jenison Fieldhouse. Rankin, Holderman Football captain-elect Dave Rankin and distance man Ed Holderman led the Gold and Black to victory by tallying 24 points between them. Rankin won firsts in both of the hurdle events, took second in the 75 yard dash," and placed third in the discus (which he tossed^ in the snow) for 14 point, whill Holderman was setting new meet records in the half mile and mile to add an even ten points to the total. Captain Shackleton ran a :50.7 second 440, to add another quartet of points. Art Edwards sailed over the bar at 12 feet, 6 inches to gain a tie in the pole vault. Weber and Tycocki won firsts in the shot put and 75 yard dash for another pair of Riveter firsts. The 75 yard dash was a photo finish affair, Rankin and Keim running close with Tycocki, but the judges gave the nod to the latter runner. The final Riveter first was garnered by the mile ' relay team composefi of Shackleton, Fishei’, Simmons, and Anthony. Complete summary of Saturday’s
meet:
Pole vault—Edwards, P, and Hwrylciw, MS, tied for first; Drynan, MS, and Hauser, MS, tied for third. Height 12 feet, 6 inches. High jump—Won by. Arrington, MS; Anderson, P, and Shelb, MS, tied for second and third. Height 6 feet, 2 inches. (New meet record, old record of 6 feet 1% inches set by Arrington, MS, 1939.) Shot put—Won by Weber, P;
NEW LUXORIQIIS SEATS liAlll HELD OVER Hurry' Only 2 More Days Balt llisneii's FULL LENaiE FEATURE Pmocchio
TECBIHCOLOR
ARC
TODil^Y - WEDNESDAY
HK. , •‘Atf’man
Donald Woods Leon Errol Linda Hayes Donald Mac Bride
AND-
— ALSO —
Sr^iley, MS, second;^ Handler, MS, third. Distance 46 feet 8 7/8 inches. Broad jump—Won by Arrington, MS; Tycocki, P, seeofid; Ryan, MS, third. Distance 23 feet, 7 inches. (New varsity and Fieldhouse record.) Mile run—Won by Holderman, IP; Fehr, MS, second; Anderson, MS, third. Time, 4:17.7. (New meet record. Old record 4:24.2 set by Knapp, P, 1938.) 440 yard dash—Won by Shackleton, P; Anthony, P, second; Simmons, P, third. Time ;60.7. (Ties record set by Shackleton in 1939). 75 yard dash—Won by TycocHi, P; Rankin, P, second; Keim, P. third. Time—:7.8. ^ 75 yard high hurdles—Won by Rankin, P; J. Scales, MS, second; Stroyeck, P, third. Time—:9.7. 880 yard run—Won by Holdei’man, P; Fehr, MS, second, Gurlke, P, third. Time-^1:55.9. (New meet record. Old record of 1:57.5 set by Bodeau, P, in 1939). Two mile run—Won by Mansfield, MS; Reeves, P, sdcond; White, P, third. Time—9:46.9. 75 yard low hui^Oles—^Won by Rankin, P; Arrington, MS, second; Stroyeck, P, third. Time—0.8.3. Mile relay—^W on by Purdue (Wente, Fisher, Simmons, Anthony) ; Michigan State second. Time—3:29. Discus—Won by Bruckner, MS; Friedlund, MS, second; Rankin, P, third.' Distance—125 feet, bVz inches. Javelin—Won by Morgan, MS; Vollmer, P, second; Suto, P, third. Distance—174 feet, 3 inches. )
ummptt TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LUHA TODAY - WEDNESDAY -2 SWELL FEATURES-
g r, I'u ruT MY AROUND YOUR ...RUt If ANYlo coMif or mW, RIMIMHR YOU arARmm*'
Allan Jones * Mary Martin Walter Connolly • L«f Bowman • ludHIi BatireK • Susannt FMter ■f
if I
^ Tuest^oy. April 16« 1940
POfiDUE EXPOliENt
\ s
WIN ilAR IT
iyUehty
t '
‘The white man has not made my people happy! First they forced on us their laws and customs—and now double feature movies!”
Alec Templeton | Coming In Person . ! WEDNESDAY EVENING April 24th 1 One Performance Starring at 8:15 P. M. JEFFERSON HIGH GYM Reserved and General Admission Tickets Availably at: • Decker’s • llmversity Drug, W. Laf. • Purdue Union, West Desk • Mail Orders, Address Chamber of Commerce, Laf. MAIN FLOOR RESERVED *1.10 MAIN FLOOR GENERAL ADMISSION 83c BALCONY RESERVED 83c BALCONY GENERAL ADMISSION 55c Sponsored by Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Suppliot
• Profesaional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic OR. RAUL K RISK DR. LUTHER A.IUIK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th a Main Phene 5701
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Jewelers
• Florists
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist ^ 504 Main St.
/ Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Howan \ Main at 7th Phone/6050
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COPFEE 5c
Notices
No-notices will be accepted after 8 p.'hi. Art Clab: Short orsranization meeting, Tuesday, April 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 282 of the Union. All those interested please attend. —CLABK. WAA Tennis:/ Intramural and stndent faculty doubles tournament begins week. Deadline for signing np is April 17^. The list is posted in the wonqien’s gym. Hon* day and Wednesday there will be instruction for WAA members. —EMSHOFP.
W. F^Wohlenberg Annoumement
Outing Club: A bicycle hike to Battle Ground is planned for 1 p. m. Sunday, April 21. All interested whether having bira/cles or not call Marcile Long; 2828; Marge Ward, 41111; George Shawkina, 66714, or Fred Cordua, 86293. There will be an election of Outing Club officers at this meeting.' —CORDUA. Military Students: Batteries P. E. F. Fourth Field Artillery, mept in the Armory for Corps Day, Tuesday, April 16. Thrae batteries will form the motorized battalioiv for Corps Day. —LA FORCE.
. . . professor of engineering at Yale University, will give a series of lecture^on heat transmission at 4 and 8 p.m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building today and Wednesday, April 23 and .24. The speaker is ah authority/ in the fields of combustion and power generation, and the author o:^ many articles on this subject.
WSGA Ejcecutive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, April 17, at 7:46 p.m. in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN. Sophomore Military Students: Advance course applicants list is posted on the bulletin board. Read it and comply with instructions. Any one desiring to have his name removed from tfio list, be sure and see the Adjutant. 4-21 —WISELOGEL.
... of the marriage of Marilou Wallace, Shaker Heigi^ts, O., to Bruce Yates, Little Rock, Ark,, is made by the bride's parents. Mrs. Yates is a sophomore in the home economic# school, and Mr. Yates is a junior in the engineerin'g school.
WSGA Judicial Board: Regular meeting at 8:16 p.'m. Wednesday, April 17, in WSGA office. —DENSFORD.
Jackson-'County Purdue Student’s Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 328 of the Union. —FOSBRINK.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging to be held Wednesday, April 17, at 4 :30 p.m. in room 106 of chemistry building. —HALU
Student Senate Important-meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:30 p.m. in the Senate office. Elections will be announced. —FISHBURN.
POMM Pledges: Meet in Armory at 6:80 p.m*. Tuesday, April 16, for formal initiation. Wear uniform. —HOTLER.
I Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, April 17, at 7:30 p.m. in the northballroom. Roy Hirshburg, photographer, will demonstrate portrait lighting. —GEPHART.
Pi Tan Sigma: Pledging will be Weld on Tuesday, April 16, at the SAE house Tickets to the all-engineering honorary banquet will be distributed. —EILERING.
POMM Actives: All are expected to attend formal initiation in formal uniform in Armory at 6:30 p. m., Tuesday, April 16. Spring initiation banquet will follow in west faculty lounge of the Uhion at 6:80 p.m. Tickets may be secured at formal initiation or at lounge door. Interesting speaker. —ARCHIBALD.
Riding Club: Important meeting Wednes day, April 17, at 8 p.m. room 3W in Union. —HARTMAN.
Catalyst Club: Keys can be obtained in the physical chemistry lab from Dr. Hunt. —BERGSTEDT.
Christian Science Organization: Special business meeting will follow the regular Tuesday evening -meeting, April 16, n't 7.30 p. m., in room 303 of the Union. All members pidase be present. —KNIPP.
PIA Chorus: Next rehearsal will be held Thursday, April 18, at 4:30 p.m., in room 307 of the Union. This will begin a series of important rehearsals in prej^ration for two banquets and the All-Univeristy Sing. Please plan to spend a full hour. /' —ARCHIBALD.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Wednesday, April 17, at 4 p.m. in reding room of the electrical building. It is imperative that all members be present to vote on a petition for a new chapter. , ' —KEEN.
WAA Baseball: Practice Tuesday, April 16, at 4 p.m. ) —PIDGEON. Silver Mask: Regular meeting Thursday, April 18, at 7:16 p.m. in room 305 of the U nion. —WELDY. Purdue Student Alliance: Short but important business meeting immediately after the Literary Banquet, Tuesday, April 16. —PHILLIPS.
Counselors: Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 6 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. —BLACK.
POMM: Initiation and banquet originally planned for Tuesday, April 16, is postponed until Thursday, April 18. Formal initiation will be held in Armory at 5 p.m. Thurdday, April 18, ^nd Spring banquet will follow at 6 p.m. in the Union. Formal uniform required. Actives plah to attend both functions. —HOTLER.
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges: Meet Tuesday, April 16, 4 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. Please be prompt.
Ceres: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 16, has been postponed. —BRUNK.
All Dairy Club Members: Meeting and elections for coming year, Tuesday, April 16, at 7 :30 p.m. in Smith Hall. Short movie. Be there 1 —RALSTON. Pi Tall Sigma Actives: Formal pledging at SAE house, Tuesday, April 16, at 7:30 p.m. Everybody be there. i —OBLINGER.
Triton Club: ftnportant meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7 p.m. Discuss ballet for Gala Week. —BEMIS.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Formal pledging will be held at the SAE house_ Tuesday, April 16, at 7:30 p.m. Wear old trousers and shoes, , —Ublinger.
Freshman Union Workers: Needed to work on Prom decorations for the remainder of the week, 4-18 —HOFFER.
-f-
WITH MARY KAY
Here we are again, back to the books, tests, dances and the ever popular coke dates. But yet o,ur thoughts turn to clothes. With the gaiety of spring comes the light and airy clohing. See what 1 found new in the local shops.
Qosh it's getting nice out! ! ! With warm weather our thoughts turn to our feet.j Thinking about spring, walks and' such, I dropped into SMITHS,' with the newest. _ things for the fashion wi4e co-edsi I saw the darlingest new wedges, shown in white and combinations of blue and brown with the most gorgeous plaid gingham linings. They are showing new saddles, moccasins, and the latest releases of the kedette shoes. Lastex is playing a big part in the spring and summer shoes being shown. Make it a point to see SMITH'S collection before you decide upon your new sport and dress shoes. —f— Eds, Here's news! Are you tired of wearing that old black tie with your tux or summer ' formal? If you are your worries are over. GULLIONS, the store ahead of Esquire in style, are showing the ties in dark green, and they are honeys too, midnight blue and maroon, with studs, butt^naires, and handkerchiefs to< match. Another new feature picked up there is the new arrow dress shirt. It has the new increasingly popular soft 'fcollar (this is the answer to the prayers of the ed who goes when he has to put on that s^iff shirt for a long evening of dancing) and an added attraction of the pleated busonn. If you need a new white coat for Prom they have a good selection to show you, e O
Going to the Southern Ball or to Prom of course you are and the place to get. that new dress is QUEEN CITY. They have anything you could want in chiffons, nets, embroidered organdies, and^ paper thin taffetas, in pastel pinks, blues, aquas, yellows and the old standbys black and white. A dream of black marquesette with bands of white embroidered organdie at the neck and banding the skirt, won my heart at the first glance. Flowered taffetas on white background are very good this spring. You'll be seeing all these sheers alone and in various interesting combinations of colors and fabTics. The outstanding fashion still seems to be the covered up (square necks a?id short sleeves); style., The entire collection are priced at $7.98 and up. Don't forget the QUEEN CITY when you want to buy the dress that IS going to wow 'em at these big formal dances looming on the horizon. It was dark and dreary today but when I opened the door of GEISLER'S I was amazed at the bright daylightness of the store. The reason: a new lighting system with daylight brightness. After glancing around the store for a while, I came to the conclusion that a just ordinary every day ed lyho goes into GEISLER'S can come out the best dressed
ed on the campus. They have such a marvelous collection of sport jackets, in tweeds and /lannels, in blues, greens, grays and tans with trousers of every contrasting color. To be even smarter add a sleeveless sweater vest to the outfit. The nunn Bush line of shoes, featured only by GEISLER, are being shown in combinations of brown and light tan and brown and white. These are the campus favorites, the saddle and other two-toned varieties. When you get ready to climb out of that old worn pair of tweeds and that dark uninteresting jacket (and I'nr* thinkin' that will be soon toa) see GEISLER for the replacements. —•— This week the FOSTER SHOP gives you something new and different. Artie Shaw is back in thq dance world with a new 31 piece orchestra. | He says, "The I general idea isj not to get away* from swing music but to present dance music with more color than is possible with the usual j brass and saxophone setup." His ) latest release is "Adios Marequita Linda" backed by "Frenesi." Benny Goodman gives to you "Fable of the Rose" and "How High The Moon." You mey wonder when you hear the titles of Tommy Dorsey's newest recording "Polka Dots and Moonbeams," but it is a super arrangement and good listening. It is backed by "I'll Be Seeing You" another new song on Its way up. Always check with the FOSTER SHOP if you w^nt the latest recordings of all the bands. Good shopping to.you all.
Pay Orders Now, Gala Committee Announces In a statement issued yesterday by the Gala Wedh Comnthtee, it has been learned that imm^iate payment must be made in ordering commencement invitations and announcements, which went on sate last night at Deac’s, Sonthworth's, and the Union west desk. An advance order list must he completed in the next two weeks to insure delivery of the orders in time. Sample covers are on display at each of the above selling places. Invitation covers are embossed with the tower of Heavilon^^ Hall on a cloud background of gold leaf. Contents include the list of candidates for Jime degrees, including advanced degi-ees, a list of January graduates, and views of several of the campus buildings. Invitations and announcements are supplied with two envelopes each.
Triangle
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: See schedule for day editors on bulletin board in the Exponent office. Schedules go into effect on Wednesday, April 17. —SCHILLING.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room 232 of the Union Wednesday, A^l 17, at 7 p.m. All committees be ready to make reports. —HITCHCOCK.
All Students: Those of you who have not your copy of Scrivener please call Alexander, 2673, or Metz, 8421. 4-22 —ALEXANDER. Scriveners: Those who wish to sit qt the Scrivener reserved table at Literary Itenquet call Alexander at 2673. Leave message before "noon Tuesday, April 16. —ALEXANDER.
Purdue Sports Women: Initiation Tuesday, April 16, at WAA cabin. Meet at women’s gym at 6 p.m. —MATHER.
. . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: Alan Johnson, president; James Wetherell, vice-president; Edward Blakslee, treasurer; John Horn, houseman; James Cullen, recording secretary; Norman Shane, corresponding secretary; Louis Bruck, steward; and A1 Topp, rush chairman.
PIA Members: All persons wishing to petition for president, co-ed executive, vicepresident, secretary, and treasurer of PIA. for the coming year must have petitions in office by Thursday, April 18, at 8 p. m. Petitions need no signatures but should state qualifications. Petitions for all other offices due Wednesday, April 24, at 5:30 p.m. —HINSHAW.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street. For Sale: Hickey Freeman Evening Clothes and Accessories. Complete. Reasonable prices. Phone 6946. FOR RENT Rms- Bant-A-Car Bsrriss. Can fm aB •foaatoas. Mia. $S.M all night. Phoaa 71M4. Anyone intei'ested in living at the Westminster Co-op huring summer session see Everett Hood, 318 N. Grant St, Phone 3747.
LOST AND FOin» Lost: Brown wallet containing driver’s license and change. Contact W. E. Beal; 139 S. Grant. Reward. Lost: Larayo yellow gold wrist watch— tan leather strap. Finder please call 56^52. Lost: K & E Slide Rule No. 469804. Name on rule and case. Reward. Phone 458^. R. M. Bair.
a SANDERS NIGHTHAWiSI
Arman Lodge No. 49l Presents ANNUAL POLICE BALL Lafayette Armory April 17» 9:00 to 1:00 Admission $2.00 ipet oBlple' '.M
$
PDBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 16. 1940
’Jinudi^ Jalk
Purdue Exponent
R. K Inaler- Bd{tor>iii-OUeC W. E. Smith .'....BoiWiiMM Manasw
A Year Ago Last October
D. G. Terrlo .... JSditiMrial Direetor G. W. Frederick HftiMKhur Bd^r E. M. Ant(mini./..Senior AdvertWfDk Manager G. Schilling. Bdttor R. Jenkins Sfcports Editor
But
Incidentally
. . . the Board of Trustees of the University revoked the old University tradition of no smoking on the campus. Public sentiment demanded the rule be revoked. At that time the new plan of smoking on campus walks between buildings was to be tried for one year. Last fall the new plan was continued. But students have failed to comply with the rules set forth by the Executive Committee two years ago. The rule passed by the Committee states: “Smoking is strictly prohibited in the classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, laboratories, lavatories, libraries, locker rooms, rest rooms, rooms for athletic contests, store rooms, barns, at the entrances of buildings, or on the steps and walks leading to or from such entrances.” Tlie Board of Trustees authorized President Elliott to impose proper penalties for violations of the amended rule and gave him the right to rescind any part of the amendment whenever it appeared that the faculty or student body failed to observe the spirit or intent of the rule. The student body and faculty have failed to observe the spirit and intent of the rule. The rule is now being violated, by students smoking not only at the entrances of but in buildings. This gives the Executive Committee the right to rescind the rule. If students wish the rule to be continued, as it now stands, they should comply with the above rule. If not, an old and useless tradition will be revived. —J.H.McK.
Phones: Editorial, 4006: Si>orta, 2702
6088;
I’ubltshed dailr except Mondajr daring the academic year. Entered aa second dasd mabter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of Mai«h 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prwdded for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922.
nSPRBBBNTBD POR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINa BV
National AdvertisingService, fnc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
By Serge / (Now it can be told.) One of the newly-elected editors of the Purdue Engineer became a bit absent minded when hie wrote his petition for office. He wrote and wrote—pages and pages, stating his past achievements, his ideas, and his qualifications' for the office in very good form. However he forgot to do one small thing before he handed it' in. He didn’t put his name on the petition. '
we should nof let any past experiences influence us. Beside the actual deprivation, there is a i^asty insin-> uation about the affair. After all, they might get phone calls part of the time. So come 9n, girls! How would you like it if you didn't have a telephone in your rOom ?
Speaking of the Engineer, there is a dictionary in their office which is labeled, in big black letters “This^ book is the SOLE property of the Purdue Engineer.” (Capitals are ours.) It’s marvelous how little property it takes to put out a magazine these days.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office locate at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House.
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in’ it, unless otherwise acc^ited, are stodent (Unions, and do not necessarily eolnelde with the official University vlewiioint.
We hereby fake up.a campaign to right what we believe to be a great wrong. THE WRH IS UNFAIR TO ITS STAFF MEMBERS. While looking up in the directory about a trade dinner date, we noted that some of the staff members do not have telephones in their rooms. Not all of them, mind you, but just the downtrodden minority. Now altho our relations with WRH staff members have not always been on the basis of mutual friendship, we feel that in a matter like this
One of our Chinese friends has just shown us how to make the symbols for yes and no in Ohinese. The symbol for “no” is' simple—^we breezed off a good one in a minute or so. But the symbol for “yes” is a honey —it took us a long time before we got even a halfhearted “yes.”- . We think our gal uses the Chinese system.
We heard a band leader recently introduce his vocalist thusly: “Open up that gorgeous mouth of yours, Jane, honey, and build us a stairway to the stars.” We call that a lot of bridge work, Jane,'honey.
Night Editor Traugott Ass’t. Night Editor Van Duesen
Tuesday, April 16, 1940
^{un, antL disih,
Russell Fitter
By Georgann Schilling
How about a build-up for the season’s most glamorous week-end? Comes Friday night and Mr. George Hall and company will be on deck for the Junior Prom. In spite of the criticisms pro and con on the band, the hours, and decorations, and all the other debatable questions. Prom week-end still holds the spotlight as the most exciting time of the year. Tux or tails are the accepted garb for eds, in case you’re wondering. H &■ H A new note in singing technique is being hit by the Melody Maids. These six girls, directed by Jean Skinner, are about tops in harmonious singing. They have been featured several times on Campus Varieties, and last week introduced the song “Eventide” written by Jean. We think you’ll like them. H & H Clever invitations printed on pine paneled paper have been issued for the Cary Hall “Joe Dance” on April 26. This affair promises to provide a new bit of environment for dancers. Delta Chi members from all over the state will gather at the Severin Hotel roof-garden in Indianapolis on Saturday, April 27, for the fraternity’s annual state dance. The Sigma Alpha Mu’s will hold their spring formal in the Union ballroom on the same night. H & H Other coming events are the Alpha Chi spring formal in the ballroom on May 3, the Delta Gamma dance on May 4, the Senior Mixer also on May 4, and the WRH formal on May 10. This is the Friday
. . . secretary of the Indiana Manufacturers of Dairy Pi’oducts Association, will address the members of the Dairy Club tonight at 7:30 in Smith Hall. To illustrate his discussion on the financial problems of the dairymen, Fiffer will show a movie, “What Happens to the Dairyman’s Dollar.” Preceding Fiffer’s talk, the club will hold an election of officers.
WBAA
TODAY
12:1512:30-
night before IV^pther’s Day activities which will be climaxed by the Mother’s Day Mixer on Saturday night. May 11. H & H Life at WRH, as well as several other interesting campus events, will be pictured soon in the Varsity Magazine, new collegiate monthly. Varsity’s' photographer spent several days with us last week, and some of his pictures will appear in next month’s issue.
-The Dentist Says
-Sam Hamilton—^pianist -The Home Makers -Purdue News Flashes -Russ Graefnitz—pianist
-Control of Cancer -Meet the Band 12:45—Town Crier
J:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30—Music of the Artist 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Dream Favorites 2:15—Magic Carpet 2:30—You and Your Child
—Treasure Chest —Lest We Forget
—Rosalind McClanahan— so-
prano
—Album Artists
3:003:15-
3:30-
4:00 to 6:00-
-Findlay College and Purdue.
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
SPECIAL CARE
Given to the Cleaning
and Pressing of FORMALS
Send Yours to Us NOW
^owN Laundry
O M.. J. g fe E A'N EBS (jF FINE CLOTHES
AMERICA’S BUSIEST
CIGARETTE
dhesterfleld goes to bat with the
Definitely Milder Cooler-Smoking Better- Tasting . ; . these are the three good qualities that every smoker wants and every smoker gets in Ghesterfield.That’s because Chesterfields are made of the world’s best tobaccos, blended in the right combination. You cant buy a better cigarette*
If
■ft
J