^■.qi^^ftM_j. U| ' i> t ^ ^ ; I ^i:* H ( ^ J ^ ’’ N ■'^* "
\
f
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY Septmuber 20,1^ Lafayette, bu&ma VoLSO No. 6
Set 3.5 Scholastic Average For Activity Workers
1,000 Titan Fans Coming Saturday On Special Train
Representatives Leave Three Alternate Dates For Prom
Close to 1,000 Titan rooters, ac•companied by the University of Detroit’s 72 piece band, will arrive here on a special Wabash train next Saturday for the season’s football ^opener with the Boilermakers. The Detroit band will provide en'tertainment for the expected rec-ord-breaking opening day crowd both before the game and between halves. Reports from Detroit indicate that followers of Gus Dorais’ aerial artists, scenting a chance to launch the season with a victory over a Big Ten team, will turn out in record numbers for the out-of-town engagement. Besides the trainload of - fans, Detroit officials have said that hundreds are planning on driving through from Detroit. Camera Club Opens Year With Meeting Tonight In Union Camera Club will hold its first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge on the second floor of the Union Building. Club officials invite all students, new or old, who are interested in photography to attend the meeting. An assortment of studio equipment and a portion of the club’s traveling exhibit will be on display although organization will be the main business of this initial meeting. The club extends a special invitation to all co-eds, for an unusual “mystery” contest for them will be announced at the meeting. The contest is unique and many valuable prizes will be offered. A special trophy will be presented to the sorority submitting the best entry.
The Weather Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness, continued cool Tuesday; Wednesday fair and warmer.
To solve the age old problem concerning the pre-fixing of the date for Junior Prom, representatives of 22 campus organizations voted unanimously to leave three alternate dates open on the University dance calendar for the affair. Previously, the date for Prom has been limited to two possibilities with the result that the committee had to take whatever band was open on those nights. The new schedule will give them a chance to be particular in the band that they choose. A definite Prom date must be chosen by March 17, according to Union
officials.
Preferential Ratings In deciding the dance dates preferential ratings were given the Prom, Military Ball, Sophomore Cotillion, and the Men and Women’s Pan dances. Established open dances were given preference over both old closed dances and new op-
en dances.
If the Prom is held April 14, the Chi Omega dance now scheduled for the s^^me evening would be held one week later on Friday, Api-il 21. If the Prom is held April 28, the PIA spring dance will be held April 21 instead of April 28. The following Schedule has the approval of Dean of Men M. L. Fisher: September 23—Skull and Crescent. (Freshman Mixer).
September 30—Graduate Reception and Dance. October 7—^PIA Fall Dance. October 14—Gold Diggers. October 21—Homecoming Mixer. October 28—Barnyard Frolic. November 4—Purdue Religious Council. November 11—Military Ball. December 2—WAA. December 9—Sigma Delta Chi. December 16—PIA Christmas Dance. January 6—Cary Club Cabaret Dance. January 13—Xi Sigma Pi-Forestry
Club.
February 3—Miami Triad. February 10—Men’s Pan. February 17—Reamer’s Valentine Dance. February 24—Women’s Pan. March 3—Scabbard and Blade. March 10—Pi Beta Phi. March 17—Sophomore Cotillion. March 24—Union Style Show. March 31—Gold Peppers. April 14—Chi Omega. (Prom alter-
nate.)
April 21—^Prom Alternate. April 28—PIA Spring Dance. (Prom Alternate). May 5—P Club Dlance. May 12—Tap Dance. May 19—Mortar Board. May 26—Cary Club Spring Formal.
Bodden To Speak PIA Membership At Debris Meeting Drive Starts Today
This year’s staff of Debris salesmen will soon learn the finer points of salesmanship through a series of speeches by prominent University men. W. A. Bodden, chief accountant, will address the staff in the Debris office at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the first of the series of speeches. A complete schedule is not yet definitely arranged, but Debris officials hope to have Prof. F. B. McKnight, Dr. J. E. Walters, Prof. F. Hockema, Prof. J. H. McKee, and others appear on the programs. About 20 sophomores are out for the Debris sales staff at present. Business Manager Boyette Edwards urges all other sophomores or interested freshmen to attend the meeting this afternoon.
Purdue Independent Association representatives will start today on an intensive membership drive. The campaign was given impetus by the announcement last week that PIA will have 15 tea dances for the coming school year, along with thte three major dances. With the results to date well ahead of last year’s turnover, Rolfe Jenkins, campaign manager, is very hopeful of achieving the 1,200 goal set at the beginning of the year. A. short meeting will be held in the PIA office tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock for all salesmen interested in selling memberships. The town will be divided into 15 wards with salesmen assigned to each in an attempt to contact all unorganized students.
Purdue Student Brings Wakefield Trophy To U.S,; '^Saw Everything And More In Paris^
By R. E. Insley “We saw evei’ything,” Jim Cahill told the Exponent interviewer while discussing his extended visit in Europe this summer. Jim, to Purdue is just one of 6,000 students fighting for a degree, but to the model aeroplane world he is a hero. He, unassisted, is responsible for bringing the Wakefield Trophy back to the United States. Jim, this year a junior in the school of mechanical engineering, has built and flown rubber-pow-ered model airplanes as far back as they were on the market. Last July he entered the national model plane contest flown at Detroit, Mich., and won it. When he got back to Indianapolis, his home town, he found that several civic organizations had taken an interest in his hobby. Invited To Paris Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce, the Exchange Club and other groups decided that Jim should fly his plane in the Wakefield international contest at Paris in July. Even though spring had turned to summer, Paris looked mighty inviting to Cahill, and the thought of that big Wakefield Trophy, to be given to the owner of the rubberpowered model that stayed in the air the longest, imade it easy for
him to accept their generous offer. When the U.” S. S. President Roosevelt steamed past the Statueof Liberty on the morning of July 20, Jim was hanging on to the rail with one hand and pinching himself with the other. Little did he think way back when he first started to twist balsam wood propellers that he would live to help represent the United States in an international contest. Represents U. S. Jim was only one of six contestants to enter in behalf of the United States, but after the first flights it was evident to all that the U. S. 'delegation had only one man to look to for victory. The rules permitted each country to enter as many as six men; the contestant with the best average time in the air for three consecutive flights to win the ti’ophy for his country. Thirty-seven seconds was the sad story of Cahill’s first flight. The next was sadder yet—^it didn’t leave the ground. However, he hit the right combination, and on the next trial the ship went out of sight. According to the rules, the flight officially ends when the plane goes out of sight. So Cahill lent the judges a pair of binoculars just to make sure that they wouldn’t lose
sight of his entry too soon. Result: the plane stayed in sight for 32 minutes. This gave Jimmy an average of 654 seconds per flight which was more than enough to take the 11-year-old Wakefield Trophy away from France bringing it back where it rightfully belongs. Along with the trophy goes the honor of playing host to the delegates from some 15 countries next summer for the 12th flying of the Wakefield con-
test.
Painted The Town When we asked Jim how he spent the rest of his five days in Paris after it got too dark to fly planes, he turned rather pink and said, “Why, I guess we saw everything that tourists usually see and a little more. One day we had some time so ,we rented bikes and pedaled over' to Holland, a distance of about 40 miles.” Cahill is a graduate of Arsenal Technical High School, Indianapolis. In school he lives at the Chauncey Co-op house, and he wants it known that they had the highest scholastic index of any men’s house on the campus. Jimmy says there’s not a chance, in the world of losing the Wakefield Trophy in the near future.
PIA To Sponsor New Date Bureau For Coming Year To those who regret the passing of that annual institution known as the WSGA date bureau, the PIA has extended a helping hand. Beginning this week the PIA vrill arrange dates for their members who desire to try their luck at the ever exciting game. This new bureau is unique in that it continues throughout the entire year. In order to avoid the disappointment of a long evening at the mixer with a disappointing date, only coke dates will be arranged. Thus co-eds, or the eds, may decide in a few minutes over a coke as to whether or not they are suited for each other. The PIA date bureau is open for all PIA members. Those interested are invited to sign up in the PIA office any afternoon after 4, beginning today. Over 500 Season Tickets Sold For Playshop Shows Over 500 season tickets have been sold to date in Playshop’s annual sales drive, more than three times the number sold up to this time a year ago. Offering four shjows for little more than the box office price of one, the one dollar season tickets will remain on sale until October 1. The regular admission price of 75c will be in effect when the shows open. In a meeting of all members that is scheduled for tonight in Fowler Hall at 7:30, Playshop officials plan to add a further stimulus to the already skyrocketing ticket sales. Campaigns and policy will be discussed. Pour productions as in past years, will be staged during the coming season. “Room Service,” Broadway’s long run farce which was recently filmed featuring the Marx Brothers, will be the openjng play, scheduled for October. Prom light comedy Playshop goes to a “Light’s Out” theme, with the offering of “Dracula” in December, and “Bury The Dead” to open in February. “Brother Rat,” hilarious epic of modern campus life, will close the Playshop season with its presentation in May. Introduced on Broadway last year, “Brother Rat,” rated as one of the most popular plays of the season and enjoyed long runs in Chicago and other midwestern points. For students interested in the technical work connected with play production, Playshop announces that several positions are open. Those who wish to register may do so in the Playshop office in Fowler Hall any afternoon this week from 4 to 6 p. m. ^ Gold Peppers Will Wear Badge At Game Felt gold peppers worn on one shoulder of senior jerkins will temporarily identify all Gold Pepper girls at the first football game this Saturday. Members of the club, which is an athletic booster honorary, are cooperating with senior groups in completing plans for the annual senior parade. Gold Pepper girls will lead the senior women in their march around the Stadium. The year’s plans also include the selling of balloons and other souvenirs at the home football contests. At a later meeting the club will decide on a final insignia to be worn by the membei’s. All Gold Peppers will occupy a reserved block at the home games. Each member must get her passport from the Fieldhouse and bring it to the meeting of the club Fri-
day.
New Rule Of Executive Committee To Affect All Position Seekers This Year Members of the University Executive Committee in a meeting held last May 23rd passed a ruling that all students must have at least a 3.5 scholastic index for preceding seme^rs in order to be eligible for any campus managerial, elective, or appointive office. Students participating in the following activities must also meet the 3.5 requirement: Debate, Playshop, the Concert Choir^ Glee Clubs, University Choir, University Orchestra, and All-Campus dramatic and musical productions. Previously most activities have set their own standards, ex-" cept those governed by the old Student Senate rule which set a 3.25 index requirement for all Senate-controlled elections. The new ruling will be put into effect this fall but will not affect any persons already elected to positions.
To DecldC Mcthod
Details of the exact method for computing scholastic indexes for the purpose of determining eligibility have not yet been worked out, but will be left~to the discretion of the Dean of Men and the Dean of Women. The exact method will be announced in a later issue of the
Exponent.
Responsible for formulating plans for the new ruling was the studentfaculty Committee on Coordination of Extra-Curricular Activities. The committee, composed of four students and seven faculty members drew up recommendations and presented them to the Executive Committee for approval. Included in the final Executive Committee ruling was a strong recommondation that all organized reside]^ hous^, including sororities^Kooperative houses, University|^sidence halls, private houses, anff other student organizations, endeavor to have their officers meet the 3.5 index. Activities Responsible In appl3dng the ruling sponsors or actipg officers of each particular activity shall be responsible for having grades cMfecked before nominations, elections, or appointments
are made.
The Dean of Men and the Dean of Women shall' be the final authority for recognition of scholastic
eligibility.
Also included in the ruling was a suggestion that health be considered as a prerequisite for activity participation. Doubtful cases must be referred to the Student Health Service. , According ^.to present plans the new ruling will apply to all elections this year in which present juniors and sophomores are considered for senidr and junior positions. Any person who-falls under this category, and who feels the ruling will discriminate against him in his coming elections, is invited to write a letter explaining his situation to Professor F. R. Elastwood, chairman of the Committee on Coordin;lition of Extra-Curricular Activities. Address Professor Eastwood in care of his office in the Fieldhouse. Members of the Committee for the coming ye^r will include: Deans M. L. Fisher and Dorothy Stratton; Professois M. L. Clevett, B. H. Petty, J. E. Walters, J. H. Karr, G. E. Spencer, and Helen Hazelton; and L. M. Vallely, Mary Alice Learning, C. G. Elliott, D. K. Wells, H. I. Stanback, and G. W'. Ma^:-
thews.
William Green Will Speak In Lafayette At 11 This Morning William Green, president of the American Federation of Labor, will address the Indiana State Federation at the opening of its annual sessions tomorrow morning at 11 o’clock. The meeting will be held in the convention hall at Allen’s Academy at Sixth and Ferry street
in Lafayette.
A>holiday has been declared for local unions affiliated with the A. F. of L. today. Mayor W. N. Teal, also issued a holiday proclamation, calling upon stores and other establishments to close dupng the ad-
dress.
The general public will be invited to the convention hall for the address, up to the seating capacity. In addition, a public address system will be set up to enable people standing outsid^e the building to hear Green. 'Purdue Scrapbook,' New WBAA Program To Begin Friday A new program, “The Purdue Scrapbook,” with tales of “The Purdue of Yesterday,” will be launched over WBAA Friday, September 23, at 4:30 p. m. in the first of a series of 16 broadcasts which are to include radio dramatizations of Purdue’s traditions and famous events in the history of the institution. The “Scrapbook” was a feature of the winter season of 1934-35 with Helen L. Walters, Sci. ’35 as the
author.
G. D. Williams, program director of the station, has scheduled a repeat series of the programs because of the, wide-spread interest in the history of the Univei-sity. Bill Ask, of Indianapolis, a senior in the school of mechanical engineering, and a staff announcer, of WBAA, will take over the production of the program this season, using students entirely in the dramatic parts. The schedule of broadcasts are as
follows:
September 23—Traditions. September 30—The Tank Scraps. October 7—The Story of Ladies’
Hall.
October 14—Days in the Old Dorm with the A. O. D. D. October 21—The Beginning of Purdue Homecoming. October 28—The Story of Mechanics Burning. November 4—The Purdue Circus. November 11—How Dad’s Day Began. November 18—The Story of the Old Oaken Bucket. November 25—The Story of the Victory Bell. December 2—Old Chapel at Purdue. December 9—^“One Brick Higher.” December 16—^How Fraternities Began at Purdue.
Young Trophy At Stake Again In Annual Parade The G. A. Young trophy for attendance in the senior parade this Saturday is at stake again. The ME school has held the award for two years, but all schools are working to take it away from them. Each school is pi’eparing its own part of the parade,” but signs will be furnished for each group. 'The entire senior class is instructed to meet on the east side of the Armory at 1:30 p. m. Sattxrday to begin the march which will end iqp at block of seats on the 60-yard line of Ross-Ade Rtadhua.i'Av. ;,,,
^"- '■
£dijtD/d£d
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
3>aaiuMA
Tuesday, September 20, 1938
Executive Committee Ruling.. ... passed last May will rigidly control scholastic eligibility for students aspiring to managerial, elective,'or appointive offices this year. A blanket rule setting up a 3.5 or B minus grade average as a prerequisite for election or participation in all campus activities goes into effect this September, Technical details of the ruling are explained on the first page of today’s Exponent. Scholastic eligibility troubles have been the most outstanding features of campus elections for many years here at Purdue. The Deans have been consistently bothered since decisions have been largely left to them. No set standards have been in general use among the activities—^the nearest approach was the Senate 3.25 requirement, and it merely applied only to Senate-controlled elections. The new ruling came as the result of the work of a University Committee on Coordination of Extra-Curricular Activities. Seven students and four faculty members peopled this committee which last year made definite recommendations which became law after the Executive Committee approval. The Committee will continue its work this year and help in the administration of the new ruling. In reality the student members of the committee pushed the ruling most strongly. They at first suggested a higher standard, but later compromised with the faculty members on the 3,5 figure. In years to come the requirement will very probably be made stiffer. Each succeeding year may see the level slightly higher, until a working optimum is reached. Since the ruling as it now stands will affect present sophomores and juniors who will be in line for junior and senior jobs in the spring elections the Committee has invited any one who fepl^ the ruling will discriminate against him to'write a letter to Committee Chairman F. R. Eastwood at his Fieldhouse office. ' Publication of this news has been held up ever since the ruling was passed last May because it was thought announcement in the fall would most effectively impress activity aspirants with the resil seriousness of the ruling. No person with hopes of timely graduation should continue in an activity if his grades are much below 3.5. By taking away from such persons all hopes of offices the new ruling is designed to keep them out of activities and free to study.
the Purdue Exponent
RBr>RB8BNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso ‘ Boston ■ Los Angeles • ban Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H, 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. .....D, A. Bailey Associate Editor8....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson , BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. X. Reeves Local Advertising Manager Jl. Mf Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director _..D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind.' Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergnraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offoial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Greenwood Tuesday, September 20, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
- Those with aspirations toward elective or appointive posts this spring have a full semester to bring their grades to the required average. Activity leaders would do well to investigate grades and warn any workers whose grades are dangerously low . . . and those workers would do well to heed that warning while there is time to raise their scholarship indices. Those who are just beginning in the many organizations may begin to plan for the higher requirements in years to come.
Leave it to the town boys to know the ideal spots to carry on their little tete-a-tetes. ROSS DEAN, SAE prexy, was found—or should we say discovered—easing out along the Edwood Glen Golf Course, For the benefit of you freshmen —co-eds included—this secluded spot is about eight miles north of town. As far as it’s possibilities are concerned, you’ll have to consult DEAN. In ord^r to quiet down a -lot of idle talk that is going on we would like to inform thjose that are interested that WINNIE GREGORY has not taken CARL SWAN’S pin —that is yet. (UN)PAID AD: SULLY MASON is out on the loose for a co-ed. His assets are as follows:—Holds a senior Y)ffice in the Union—Gimlet—Has a Phi Psi pin and car. His lone liability is that he is desperate. By the looks of the sororities activity in the Union last Saturday afternoon, it would appear that our calendars are approximately ten days late. Of course there is no harm in being friendly, is there, girls ? The Alpha Chis increased their forces last Sunday by initiating a group of hood-winkers. Is it a fact that a new razor was issued to each girl after the ceremony? STUBBY MEIER, senior yell leader, is still looking for a co-ed that would be interested in leading yells this year. It seems that he
: 1
‘Madam desires only five years removed todayrible hurry.”
-she’s in a ter- “t
wants a gal that resembles an hourglass. Sort of like looking for a needle in a hay stack, eh STUBBY ? GULLIBLE’S TRAVELS— The fellow that actually expected to get an answer on Hello Walk. I do believe that that tradition is actually reversing itself—so get to work, G. A. It seems that a couple of rhinies fresh from the hubbub of noisy New York are having a bit of trouble adjusting themselves to the quiet life of West Lafayette. The freight trains chugging up the hill
at the south end of town do make quite a racket, but is that the reason for Harison street frosh YOST and MOORE to wake up in the wee hours with a war whoop and dive out through a window screen and all? It was the first floor, but the poor landlady’s rosebushes! Helen Creech .. . ... a last year’s graduate of the University’s pharmacy school whose home is in Elkhart has received an appointment as an instructor in the school of pharmacy at the University of Tennessee at Memphis.
5:00 Is Deadline For Book Exchange After selling approximately $3,000 worth of books the student book exchange in the Union Building will close officially this afternoon at 5 o’clock, announced Sully Mason,
chairman, last night.
All students who still have books 'with the exchange or -those who have not claimed money for their books sold, must claim their money or unsold books by the above timej^-
he also stated.
The exchange will remain ‘open today for those still wishing to purchase books, but no^books will be accepted for sale. ASME Will Hold First Meeting On Thursday American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold their first meeting of the year in the ballroom of the Union Building Thursday, September 22. The meeting will begin at 7:30 p. m., and is open to all mechanical engineering students and freshman engineers.
Members of the mechanical engineering faculty and officers of the organization will be introduced at the affair-. Refreshments will be
served, according to W. B. Wolverton, ASME publicity director.
(\ ^
a ^
Tuesday, September 20, 1938
THE PUBDUE
SfiO^
EXPONENT
ning football team wearing its colors this fall... everyone, including fans, coaches, and players were well pleased with the fine showing that the team made after only two short weeks of practice. —felt was quite obvious, however, that there was no outstanding individual star on the Boilermaker squad for the first time in many years , . . “Languid Lou” Brock appeared to be the most consistent ground gainer on the squad . . . Jack Brown should play a lot of ball this^ear . . . the fullback position seems a toss-up between Ippolito, Winchell, Juska, and De Witte . . . Tony Ippolito was the best that he has been all season. —^fc— Sophomores ..were. exceptionally outstanding in Saturday’s contest . . . Byelene threw some very fine passes . . . Mcllwian proved to be the biggest surprise on the entire squad . . . Ted Bfennis and “Red” Shackleton gave a fine exhibition of blocking and tackling .. for little fellows they hit very hard ... both are much improved over last year. —^fc— Saturday’s “B” team preliminary to the Detroit contest will be
W
Pet. .687 .661 .561 .632 .600 .482 .461 .363
GB
Pittsburgh 81 Chicago 78 Cincinnati 76 New York 75 Boston 69 St. Louis 67 Brooklyn 63 Philadelphia 49 American League
W L Pet.
New York 94 Boston 79 Cleveland 79 Detroit 74 Washington .... 70 Chicago 68 St. Louis 49 Philadelphia .. . 51 Yesterday’s Results
Washington, 12; Detroit, 2. St. Louis, 13; New York, 1. Cleveland, 4; Philadelphia, 3. Chicago-Boston (cold weather). the first of a three-game schedule which the reserves have in store for them this fall . . . the Illinois “B” squad has always beeh pretty good and Saturday’s contest should be close and interesting . . . the “B” team contest will begin promptly
at noon.
Golds' Spank Blacks Intrasquad Game^ 28-12 Brock, Ippolito Gain Consistently In Pre-Season Exhibition Game; Mihal Stands Out in Forward Wall Approximately 1,500 student-fans witnessed the Boilermaker grid team make good in their pre-season exhibition last Saturday afternoon as the “Golds" defeated the “Blacks" 28-12 in an unusually well-played game for so early in the season.
Possessing more of the better •—
In Dissatisfied, Eiwatd Drills Boilermakers To Correct Mistakes In Intrasquad Gante
.671 .672 .564 .529 .496 .436 .368 .362
EDWOOD GLEN Public Golf Course Beautiful Grouncis . . Natural Hazards Located 71/2 Miles North of Lafayette Take State Road 43 North and Turn Left on First Road After Crossing Burnett's Creek Sandwiches — Soft Drinks — Tobaccos
more
backfield candidates, the Gold team had little trouble in scoring in the second, third, and twice, in the fourth periods. “Languid Lou” Brock, junior halfback. Was by far the outstanding ground gainer on the field, consistently making huge advances on off-tackle and end run plays, while Tony Ippolito, stocky senior fullback, appeared to have won a starting position on the Boilermaker lineup by virtue of his line plunges. Brilliant Deceptive Plays Brock and Ippolito, together with Jack Brown at half and Ted Hennis at quarter, succeeded in executing some brilliant deceptive plays which ended in several first downs for the Gold aggregation. Outstanding among the backfield men wearing Black jerseys were Winchell and DeWitte at full, Shackleton at quarter, and Nesbitt and Byelene at half. Byelene not only succeeded in displaying unusually fine ability as a broken field runner but appeared to be the best passer on the squad. ' ^ Starting line positions on the^ Boilermaker squad still were as unsettled as ever with several outstanding candidates for the vacant tackle, end and guard positions. Felix Mackiewicz, outstanding as a sophomore vback early last year but changed to right end during early fall practice, gave a fine defensive exhibition in his new posi-
Senior Derbies for next Saturday's game . . 25c Whitman’s Candy for your lady love and LE.S. lamps are the lights for your eyes. IVe Have Them All at Deac’s Freshman Caps 35c, 45)c, and 60c Your Education Begins and Ends at Deac^s H. G. ^Deac” Reisner STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE Everything for a College Education at DeaCs
Wanted Dance Musicians We want all instruments. Should be A-1 and able to read, fake, and cut it. Men who can double preferred. Address Box J-47 Purdue Exponent
Mere ’Tis - -
»
so REFRESHING ...EVERYWHERE YOU GO
SR-16S-5
Delicious and Refreshing
5^
For a Refreshing Drink During Warm Fall Days — Pause Beside One of the Many Red Coolers and Enjoy a Delicious Cold Coke, 509-11 Salem Street, Lafayette Phone 4828
5>^
Dissatisfij^d with the intrasquad football demonstration Saturday, sage Coach Mai Elward sent his Boilermaker charges thxough an intensive drill yesterday afternoon to iron out big wrinkles that may enhance the local lads topping a tough Detroit eleven here next Saturday. Rememberin^g the Titan’s speedy aerial /a-nd running attack, the cunning pigskin tactician, Elward, worked his men on a five, silc, and seven man defen^4n^ne^f defense. Included in the workout was an offensive assignment again^f a llve^'Six, and seven man line. In a written statement,^^Elward said the coaching staff was dissatisfied with the passing offense in the previous intrasquad game. Encouraged by the tackling of Hennis and Shackleton, however, he said team defense was not particularly good m either line or bfeckfield.
tion. Wendell Britt, Stan Thursby, Jack Krause, and Ray Abbott were also outstanding at end. Mihal Shines Co-Captain Joe Mihal and “Bean” Johnson appeared to have the edge on the other tackle candidates, and Morningstar and Axton demonstrated that they were well capable of taking over Co-Captain Paul Humphrey’s position at center in the event that Humphrey was forced to the bench with his weak knee. Line plays were particularly effective through the center, where “Whitey” Johnson, Frank Bykowski, Pat Maloney, and Carl Verplank were battling for a starting position at guard. Quite obvious was the absence of an all-round back to replace AllStar Cec Isbell. The punting and passing in Saturday’s contest was not up to the standard of former Boilermaker teams, but lacking in this, the Purdue squad exhibited some exceptionally fine blocking and fast, deceptive field running. Barring accidents, the Purdue squad should be able to place on the field th6 fastest backfield aggregation in the Big Ten.
^ Concessions Applications for concessions to Purdue football games this fall should be tiimed in before Tuesday, September 20, to my office in the Fieldhouse. ROBERT WOODWORTH, Acting Athletic Director.
PRACTICE SOFTBALL Tuesday, September 20 • 1— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 3— Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa or Acacia. 4— Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 6—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 6— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Kappa Sigma. 8— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho.
Local Ads
9—Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon. 10— Sigma Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 11— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Chi. 12— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 13— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 14— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Tau _ Omega. 15— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. AI|ma Kappa Lambda. 16— Phi Pi Phi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 17— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Chi Rho.
per Towels, Paper Napkins, and Toilet Paper. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 60c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
LOST—Pair of glasses in maroon case. Reward. Call C. Brown, 2532.
LOST — Gold Longenes sport watch. Finder please return to 117 State street or call 2856. Reward.
MEN—Clean single room, redecorated, new bed with innerspring mattress, one-half block from Union. Phone 31824.
APPT. FOR RENT—Two co-eds livirig in a three-room nicely furnished apartment near the campus, wish to share same with two other girls. Apartment stea mheated and furnished with electric refrigeration. Phone 2305.
SINGLE ROOM—Adjoining bath new house, upperclassman, graduate student or instructor, man or woman. 809 Vine street.
CANDIDATES—For your printing of Letterheads, Envelopes, (Lafayette Bond), Tickets, Menus, Ballots, Invitations, Announcements, etc.—Lafayette Printing Co., 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828.
WILL PERSON—Who took new slide rule marked R. T. Adams from parked car Sunday afternoon please return to Phi Delt House. Positively no questions asked.
ROOMS FOR STUDENTS—Rent reasonable. 126 Columbia street. Phone 61402.
FOR RENT—Single rooms $15, ■ doubles $10. Newly decorated. Private entrance. 440 N. Salisbury St. Phone 45633.
STREET CARS—Carry your ads —We print them on a short notice. Lafa3’^ette Printing Co. 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828.
GARAGE FOR RENT—530 Garfield St. Phone 71794, West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—Apartment for rent for 4 to 6 men. 106 North street.
FRATERNITY BULLETINS — We print many fraternity bulletins. Let us figure on yours. Lafayette Printing Co., 511 Ferry St., Lafayette.
WANTED—^Roommate for two junior chemicals and graduate student; apartment with kitchen. 121 Fowler. Telephone 35293.
ROOM—For three students with privatq kitchen. 601 Evergreen. Phone 75912.
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOMS FOR RENT—One double room, single beds, shower. Newly furnished. Phone 7764. 122 Pierce.
WANTED—Your order for Pa-
MODERN FURNISHED ROOMS —Suitable for students, running hot water. Good location. Phone 71201.
JluL^ 0^ IMjnjb
ONLY
$
Other pens from ^5 $250
waart
MODERN STYllNG...“Superstreamed*'. Modern colors. Grip fits your fingers. CONSTANT INK CONTROL...One stroke fills pen. Fast-starting. Steady ink-fiow. INK-WINDOW. YOUR PENPOINT... Handcrafted, 14 kt., solid-gold, iridium-tipped points suit your writing.
REMEMBER-THJSRB IS SO SUBSTITUTE FOR VTATERMAS'S INK
Mll&r.:.
■ ^l'-'
i^CocaL eidA^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yboiicsA,
Tuesday* September 20* 1938
t. %
WAA Will Entertain Co-eds At Tea Today Women students^ will have an opportunity to inspect the new Women’s Gymnasium, formerly the Memorial Gymnasium, while attending the WAA annual fall tea this afternoon at 4 o’clock. At the same time faculty sponsors and WAA council members, who will head the year’s activities, will be introduced. The organization will explain how fresh-r men and new students may become members of the Women’s Athletic Association and participate in ex-tra-curricular athletics. Since numerals, “P” monograms, and WAA skins are awarded to the girls who acheive special recognition in the club’s activities, sports heads will explain the point system and other requirements necessary for meriting these awards. Miss Marjorie Case and Miss Rey Fraser are new faculty additions in the physical education department, and wil be introduced at the tea. Miss Case is from the University of Iowa, and Miss Fraser, who graduated from New York University, formerly taught at Florida State University and the University of Chicago. James K. Gibson, EE'34, Wins Fellowship At Yale James K. Gibson, EE ’34, of Miami Beach, Fla., has recently been awarded a fellowship in the bureau for street traffic research in Yale University. Since gi'aduation, he hs been with the Cincinnati Street Railway Company, in the research department.
All Students: Passports will be distributed frojn the ticket office in the Fieldhouse starting Monday, September 19. ’ - —DOAN. Found—Sum of money in Dean of Men’s office. Owner may have same by describing container. —M. Ii. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting Tuesday, September 20, at 6 p. m. at the Phi Delta Theta house. Selection of fall pledges. —SWAN.
Varsity Pistol Team: All members of the varsity pistol team willing to act as coachM with novice groups get in touch with me in supply room of Armory, immediately. Practice firing for ,men acting as coaches will be permitted whenever possible. —HOLMES.
Playshop: Meeting for all members Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Playshop Office. —AHRENS.
Dolphin Club: Important meeting concerning water carnival Tuesday, September 20. at 7 :30 p. m. in Dr. Eastwood’s office. —CARR.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon', Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
Presbyterian Women: Supper meeting at Westminster house Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 6:30. Freshmen girls are invited. —WILSON.
Ceres: Meeting September 20 Union Build'ing Tuesday at 7 :30 p. m. —SEUFFERLE.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Sept. 20., in room 264 of the E. E. building. All interested are invited. ‘ —KITTNER.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all officers and faculty advisers Tuesday, September 20, at 6 :45 p. m. at the main desk of the Union. —SMITH.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch will be held Tuesday, September 20, at 7:30 a, m. with Jim Ludburg as leader. —MBLSER.
HIGHLIGHT VOUR BGflUTV Come in and have your hair done up in one of our new styles. PERmnneni ujaves $2“ S2” $3“ (Hon., Tues., lUed., Shampoo and Set . . 35( For Your Convenience—I Open Evenings Unfil 9 P. M. LeFae Beauty Shop
130 Vine St., W. L. Opal Doyle Swenson, Prop.
Phone 4971
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Jewelers
• Florists
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
CLARK'S Floral Company Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue students. 527 Main Phone 5432
• Locksmith
• Shop Repair
"C'CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bjcycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dramatic Enthusiasts: Registration for technical positions in Playshop will begin Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 4 p. m. in the Playshop office in Fowler Hall. . —BRENMAN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, September 21, in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —WADLEIGH.
University Orchestra: The following will report for rehearsal Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 7 p. m. in the Fowler Hall Studio: Newhouse, Thor, Wirt, Wirt, Reed, Umphrey’s, Greger, Shake, Swope, Schutte, Robertson, Boris, Kimmel, Hocker, Johnson, Robertson, Thornton, Wattleworth, Crystal, Schlitter, McGaughey, Thomas, Housekeeper, Appleyard, Benedict, Kruder, Carey, Woodward, Hartley, Stenberg, Ellis, Meyer, Throckmortonfi Walker, Carson, Mather. This does not include those whose try-outs have been deferred. —PHILLIPS.
Zouave: All members of the Zouave Squad who wish to be active this semester will report to the Armory at 4 p. m., Wedneseday, September 21. —HURST. Sophomore Co-ed Exponent. Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows: Monday— Carroll, Burtsfield, Butz, Schlitter; Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jakes; WednesdayShort, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday—Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Saturday—Short, Miller, Joy. ■ (9-27) —McKEE.
Shirts!
Shirts!
Juniors: There will possibly be a few vacancies in advanced military. Any junior interested see Captain Morse in the main office of the Armory at once. 9-22 —MORSE.
PIA Members: All members who have membership books and ail who wish to sell memberships report to meeting at 4 p. m., Wednesday, September 21, in PIA office. All books must be brought to this meeting. -JENKINS.
All Girls: Girls who are interested in working on the Settlement House Committee of YWCA, meet in office Tuesday, September 20, at 4 p. m. —SCHWAB.
Public Service Engineers: Meeting at Sigma Phi Epsilon' fraternity at 7:80 p. m., Wedneseday, September 21. —HENSLER.
Laundered to please the most exacting men with our new shirt equipment
Christian Science Organization: First regular meeting of the year in r<mm B of the Upion at 7:30 Tuesday evening, September 20. —DRISCOLL.
Union Sophomores.: Those interested in Union activities should meet Wedneseday, September 21, at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. —CABONARGl.
15<
each
Glider Club: Important meeting Wednesday, September 21, in, room C of the Union at 7 :16 p. m. —IHOORE,
Exponent Editorial WorkersStaff for Tuesday night, September 20: Night editor, Kroeplin; stooge, Houston; issue editor, Heiple; proof, Wlllsey, marker, DeHoog; worker, Yates. —HARDIN.
Football Managers: There will be a meeting of all freshman and sophomore football managers in the Alpha Tau Omega house at 7 p. m. Wednesday, September 21. . —FRUSH.
'Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting of all active members in room F of the Union Wednesday, September 21, at 7:30 p. m. Appointment of committees will be held. —SMITH.
PIA Girls: All girls int^erested in helping with PIA activities meet in PIA office Wednesday, Sept. 21, at 4 p. m. —WIEN.
Debris Business Staff: Meet Tuesday, September 20, at 4 p. m. in Debris office for important meeting. —EDWARDS.
Student Senate: All senior and newly elected senators meet in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Thursday, Sept. 22. —ELLIOTT.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore workers meet in Union workshop Wednesday, Sept. 20, at 4 p. m. —ASHTON.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Special Student LaundryService, 5 lbs. for $1.25, including shirts 10% Discount For Calling And Pick-Up At 132 Vine Street Phone 7278 AMERICAN LAUNDRY
■ Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 7 p. m., in room A of the Union. All members please be present. —HARVEY. Alpha Zeta: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., -Wednesday, September 21, in the Union Agriculturist office. ' —HARDIN.
TELLS YOU m THIS WEEIC’S POST
W HO’LL WIN the big games this Fall? What men from here will be in the headlines? A football expert makes some prophecies, and gives you a team-by-team appraisal of your competition. Tells how the new rules affect the game, whether 1938 football will be conservative or razzle-dazzle, and what the colleges think about the new legal athletic scholarship introduced in the Southeastern Conference. Here’s some lively dope about teams, trends and players; read it in the Post this week.
IN THE SAIVIE ISSUE
DOES THE PUBLIC THINK COLLEGE A WASTE OF TIIVIE? Last winter the Post invited Robert Maynard Hutchins, President of the University of Chicago, to write a series of articles on education. He received 900 letters from readers. Now, in Hutchins Answers Hutchins, he gives you a peek at his mail, and shows you what people told him
about education.
MR. GLENCANNON-THE YOGI OF WEST NINTH STREET. For years, in barrooms throughout the world, Mr. Glencannon had studied the breath-control problem. Read what happens when he finds a book called “The Secrets of Hiimu Yoga Breath Control,” and, aided by a quart or two, tries it out. A swell new stoo’^by Guy Gilpatric, wherein Mr. Glencannon steals a letter box. A WOMAN SPY IN BERLIN CANT TRUST ANYBODYI
Pigskin Preview of 1938 by FRANCIS WALLACE
Not even
her employers. Perhaps not even herself. The Gestapo ordered Anna Kleerman to trap a “harmless, rather stupid” young Englishman. The records in File No. 36475 tell you what happened. A dramatic story by William C. White. ALSO: Soda Poppers Can Take It, by Jerome Barry..and Love is a Happenstt^nce, by Dorothy Thomas..My Day in Court, in which Arthur Train, creator of “Mr. Tutt,” tells you of Abe Hummel and other celebrated shysters who once paraded before the criminal bar. .How they catch your Friday’s Fish, as told and pictured in color by Bematd Breedlove
..Editorials, poetry, fun and cartoons.
tm D F IT I ** y®" haven’t received your copy of “1938 Football Schedules,” showing new rule changes, this year’s games, r Im El Ei ■ and 1937 scores of 350 leading colleges, ask at the business office of the paper publishing this advertisement.
y
'f
y r'