'>147
r
WHO WILL CONTROL Reorganization Of Order ) After This War? Volume 55, No. 81
Established 1889
\ > \ zpCHeni V Buv War Bonds and Stamns
ROVING REPORTik Seeks Student Opi'nfon Concerning Army
Purdue University/ West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 2, 1943
Playshop Starts Army Air Corps Will Call Reserves
Dress Rehearsals
'Eve Of St. Mark' To Open Friday At 8 In Fowler Hall With the starting of dress rehearsals for the Playshop production, “The Eve of St, Mark”, the various details and “bugs" are being ironed out. Dress rehearsals were scheduled to begin yesterday afternoon and will continue until February 5. Although the production is still playing to capacity houses in (jhicago, the Playshop secured it as a USO benefit and will st^ge it on Friday and Satur-
Women To Have First Vocational Meeting Feb. 10 Professor Monroe of the Speech
Department will speak to all uni-
Former Student Writes Ag School OfAlcan High way Trials Jq Train
Col. Wheeler, CE M4, Takes Charge Of Alcan Highway Traffic Movement
Workers
In order to relieve the farm labor problem in the northern half of the state immediately, the Farm Securities Adm-inis-
day, February 5 and 6, at 8 p. m, in Eliza Fowler Hall. In the evolution of the plot, which in the words of Rosairi'ond Guilder, New York reviewist, “is not burdened with complications or a weighty intrigue through which his subject matter may be grasped by implication,” the locale is changed six different times
in eight scenes. The original set- versity women at the vocational
Tribute to the soldiers and contractors who built the Alcan Highway in six months time, is paid in a letter from Col. John Wheeler, CE ’14, and former trustee of the University, to T. R. Johnston, director of information for the University. Col. Wheelei: was the engineer in charge of construction for
the army and it was his job to drive through perhaps the most tfation is cooperating with the
difficult construction job ever University and the local^ emattempted in such a limited ployo^sift service by providing time. Only recently he was transportation funds for farm placed in charge of traffic over laborers in the southern areas
this highway, to see that supplies for American troops in Alaska move over the land instead
of the sea route.
“I had built a good many roads
Naval Grads Assigned To New Duties
m order that they may take a (^QUrSB lIllS
week’s training course at the University to fit them for immediate
ting is the West farmhouse from which it switijhes to a farm field. The third lochle is an army barracks to which Quizz West, male lead, has been drafted. A restaurant in the deep South and a pier on the West Coast occupy the next two scenes. The finale takes place in a small cave in the Philippines, where Quizz has been sent on active
duty.
No Intermission In order to ^arry on the continuity of thought, there will be no irttermissions .which necessitates speed scene changes — a difficult problem for the technicians. To facilitate these changes and to achieve simplified realism and suggesUon, the sets and properties are placed before a background of black curtains. Coloi-ed lighting, musical backgrounds, and authentic ebstumes help to achieve the necessary dramatic effectiveness. Through the cooperation of the Navy Training School, Zouaves, and the University ROTC, crewheads were able to secure the authentic uniforms and equipment. Sees Professional Show ^ ' ^Still in the vein of production, Elizabeth Kissman, student stage manager of the play, has just returned from Chicago where she saw the professional production and thus obtained useful and critical observations. Gilbert D. Williams, program director for radio station W'BAA, has been secured to direct the sound and musical eft’ects of the production. The various crews are (See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
meeting to be 'held in the Union’s Reception Room Wednesday, February 10, from 4 to 5 p. m. The theme of the meeting will be “Women in Work.” Pi’ofessor Monroe will speak on the topic “Interviewing for a Job.” With women taking a more active part in the industrial world, the importance of attending this meeting cannot be underestimated. This subject is of vital importance to everyone, whether for their chosen career, a summer job, or a Saturday job here in Lafayette. The hardest part of a job is getting it, and Professor Monroe’s discussion will be of great value to everyone. Most people, when beinginterviewed for a job, are usually unduly nervous and fail to make a good impression on the prospective employer. You should not allow this handicap to prevent you from getting a position. ' Since we are sure the University women can keep a seciet we will disclose the information that this first meeting is a trial balloon to see if there is enough demand to run a series of vocational- talks.
All Seniors Registration for .senior Debris pictures will start Wednesday, Feb. ,3, at 4 p. m. outside the Debris office. Pictures will be taken of all students who plan to graduate in August or December, 1943. —WISKE
Graduates of company five of the but this was my first attempt at naval training school, who com- one over 1600 miles long. Interest-
service.
Approximately 40 men are attending the first session which be-
University May Give Credit On Work Done Word received recently by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president and armed forces’ representative on the campus, indicated that “students in the Army Air Force EnKsted Reserve, including those who have been deferred to complete, as far as possible, their college education” would be called
immediately to active duty.
The statement was issued by War Department Headquar-
ters of the Army Air Forces in Washington. It was pointed out that “exigencies oT war” had rendered this step necessary at the present time. Air Force Headquarters urged officials of universities where this plan would take effect to give full credit for the semester’s
Purdue faculty members, 125 of -v^rork to the students being called, them, will become students again, pointed out that the addistarting this week. tional education received during the This number has signed up for Corps’ training program would “I'efresher’ coui’ses in mathemat- niake up for the portion, of the se-
Faculty Members To Take Refresher
training schools, submarine chaSer training center and submarine base receiving stations for active duty
with the fleet.
Drafts from this company went to New London, Conn.; Philadelphia; Miami, Fla.; Boston, Mass.; New York City; and Treasure Island, Calif. A number of those who have been assigned to active duty will go aboard small shore patrol
craft.
The ninth company of bluejackets has an-ived at the Naval trainingschool at the University to begin sixteen weeks of intensive training which will prepare them for petty officer ratings as Electrician’s - Mates. The new arrivals include 225 men from Great Lakes, 111., and Sampson, New York. The new company is to be commanded by Ensign Victor Vidoni. • v WBA& To Broadcast Home Programs Each
At 1:30 P.M.
gins this morning, with instruction
Dieted their training last week, have ing is no word for ic Tt was'ter- of farm tractors and oth- ics, chemistry and physics. Classes tester’s work miLed. been assigned to advanced naval rific and I enjoyed every day of it farm machinery. The final phase for those faculty members who Back To School
and some of the days in the summer ® Program will be taken want to review their own work in p^of. Hockema stated that some were 22 hours long. Had I been ^ 7-^^ lectures and demonstrations these fields to help teach in the ex- plan would doubtless be worked out given the opportunity to choose my Po^itry and dairy panded program here will start go- whereby this credit could be given, spot, I could not have picked any- ing to class this coming week. Prof. The Air Corps plans, after a pething more enjoyable,” wrote Col. Frank C. Hockema, asmstant to the ried of basic training, to send the ■Wheeler. ^ president, has announced. Classes reservists to a specially selected colRoad Through Vicious Wilderness f university for sevefal _ mg Depaitment Most of the men faculty who wishes to take the months of additional schooling in a The road starts at Dawson Creek, attending the school are farm help- courses which last for 12 weeks. course prescribed by the War De-
B. C., and ends at Fairbanks, ers or men with small holdings. The Tomorrow
acuteness of the Idbor shortage in . .
the^ northern half of the state de- Engineering math and physics manded that some sort of relief pro- tomorrow evening gram be instituted immediately and Prof. M. W. Kellei teaching
the mathematics classes from 7 to
Alaska, “through the rawest, most vicious, most beautiful wilderness that any man has ever seen, over some territory seldom if ever traversed by white men. Rivers, muskeg (muck), timber, mountains and
partment.
so this plan was originated. A second week’s Course will be
marshes all forming- obsta-cles to held beginning- February 15 of a
similar nature although the numbers to attend are not known. University Alters
Curricula In
Several Schools
10 Tuesday and Thursday evenings in room 101 of Purdue Hall. Prof. E. P. Miller will meet the physics classes in room 215 of the physics building Thursdays and Fridays from 5 to 6 p. m. and Wednesdays, 7 to 9. The chemistry schedule will
be announced later.
The faculty committee in charge of the refresher courses consists of Prof. C. W. Beese, chairman; Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, Profs. Keller and Miller and M. G. Mellon.
Monday
station WBAA has released an outline of the programs to be pi-e-sented on the “Better Homes in America” program during- the month of Februaiy. “Handicrafts”, presented by Professor Lelia R. Gaddis, State Leader of Extension Home Economics and Home Demon-
a job that had to be pushed through in six months.” The job was accomplished by complete cooz’dination of engineer troops and contractors operating under the Public Roads Administration. Col. Wheeler likened the teamwork to that of the Boilermaker
eleven.
Troops Led AVay
“The troops ran the intei-fer-
ence and made the hole and the con- New courses have been added and tractors followed and improved the the electives have been changed in road. With D8 caterpillars the several of the departments as it is
troops bulldozed the trail through believed that such a reorganization p£ J2 COfUPefif/OH muskeg, mire and mountains, 22 'was needed due to the war. « hours a day in the summer and the engineering curricula in Is there a feud going on between about that long in the fall with the Civil Engineering, engineering psy- two of the University’s departassistance of lights. Work never chology 75 is now an elective, en- ments ? Mr. J. R. Clark of thermostopped; dining Sundays, holidays gineering administration 192 is an dynamics lecture fame has comthe show went on,” ivrote Col. elective, government 104 is an elec- plained in class because 8 a. m. PE Wheeler. tive, and industrial personnel 107 12 classes cause too high a per-
“Gangs of soldiers following put been changed to psychology 75. centage of student sleeping in his Living,” “Some Principles of log culverts and small bridges. Engineering Spanish 73-74 will be lectures. But then one nasty engi- cedures for Solving Problems,” “A
Professor Bewails
Dr. Robertson Will Present Talk Thursday “How to Develop One’s Personal
Philosophy of Life” will be-the subject of the lecture to be givUn by Dr. C. H. Robertson on Thmaday evening, February 4, at seven p. m. All interested persons are invited to come to room 307 of the Union to hear the first of a series of five
Thursday evening lectures. Dr. Roberrson was requested by
those attending the Freshman Camp of the University Religious Council to give this series of lectures after the apparent success of last semester’s series. The fifty minute lectui-e will be followed by an audience discussion. Subjects for the weekly lectures to follow this Thursday’s lecture are there: "Practical Suggestions for Vital Joyous
stration Agents, was scheduled for Pontoon companies took the ‘cats’ offered again and Portuguese 12 neer remarked that thermo lectures Popular Reflective Re-view of Math-
Inkblot Tests Show Student Personality
By Phyllis Mann School success or failure can be predicted by moans of the Roi--scjiach, or inkblot lest, it is indicated by a study of 166 students by Dr. Helen Margulies. Psychologists have long been puzzled by the failure of intelligent pupils, reports Dr. Margulies. Previous studies, using standai-d psychological test's and techniques, have failed to show any reason for this. It was recognized that emotional pi-oblems, or maladjustment, are no guarantee of failure, any more than a high I.Q. is a guarantee of success. Some method of measuring the total personality, in response to its envii-onment, was lacking. Inkblot Reveals The inkblot test, devised in 1911 by a Swiss psychiatrist named Rorschach, purports to be just such a method. It consists of ten inkblot pictures, five of them brightly colored and five black and gray. The blots are presented to the subject one at a time and the subject is asked to tell what he sees in them, much like seeing figures in clouds. The reactions of thousands of people, ranging from normal to psychotic, have been cori-clated to form a precise method for diagnosing the pei-sonality. Some patterns of response indicate “noimality,” others scchizophrcnia. Expel ts can make very minute and specialized ‘distinctions on the basis of these ten
little inkblots. Widely used by psychiatrists to aid diagnosis, the Rorschach test had never been fully established as a method for determining the efficient or inefficient use of mental capacities, as claimed. The present study by Di. Margulies was undertaken to investigate this claim, and also to reveal significant differences between successful and unsuccessful students. Positive results were obtained on both counts. Actual Tests One hundred and sixty-six students of above-average' or superior intelligence were given Rorschach tests. Those who were failing in school work showed certain combinations of traits and the successful group showed significantly different combinations which can 4ic used to predict success or failure, according- to Dr. Margulies. These traits include the relation between abstract thinking'and creative capacities, emotional disturbance, ability, successful relationships with people, independence of judgment, adjustment, but the important thing is their exact combination and proportion. The significant dilfm-ences between two g-rou))a of children, one successful and the other unsuccessjful in school, in Rorschach responses, suggests the possibility of the Rorschach being- used as an instrument for predicting- success in school.
Yesterday. “Fitness in the Home”, presented by Dr. F. R. Eastwood, Professor of Physical Education for mcn, will be heard on February 8. Dr. Eastwood, who is also in charge of Teacher-Training- and Health Hygiene, will give another program on the 15th of P’ebruary on “Family Re-Creation”. The last program scheduled for this month is “Puppetry for Recreation”. Professor D. II. Patterson, Assistant Piofessor of Modern Languages, will be in charge of this program. This feature piogram may be heard every Monday afternoon at
1:30.
Chemistry Professor Caught At Own Game “Daisy! Rise and shine!” That command comes all too frequently from Fred Fitch of the inorganic chemistry department and translated means a request to one of the hapless females in his class to recite. Was ho insulted the other day when one temperamental blonde retored witheringly, “I don’t know the answer! And my name is not Daisy!” Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, February 13. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by Ihe head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Ollice. —DEAN OF MEN
over the large rivers and then the been combined, troops built timber bridges, al- Curricula Altered though some were built by contract- From time to time, as student ors who had heavier equipment, needs require, the following courses One, for instance, is across Nusut- vvill be given, the Math department lin Bay, 2400 feet long. Grading Pag announced. The course in elewas done by troops and contractors nientary statistics is to prepare
women to do such' jobs without taking- engineering- calculus. Besides
as was the gravel surface. In Charge Of Operations
“It was my good fortune to have charge of the troops and contractors for the Corps of Engineeis and shift them as we moved along- so that a maximum output could be
this, courses will be given in the infinite series and statistics, prob
ability, introduction to theory of New York,
sets, topics in mathematics, finite
differences, topology, and also a ———
have always been noted for that ematics,” and “A Celebrated Scienvery thing even before the days of tific Experiment That Failed and
PE 12.
ASCE
. . . will hold its regular meeting tonight at 7:30. Prof. Wiley will speak about the national convention of the ASCE, of which he is di-
Some Wonderful Results that Came
From It.”
Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: Howard Berman, Newark, N. J.; Elliott
rector, that he recently attended in Katz, Patterson, N. J.; Louis Segeli
faculty advisor, Lafayette. '
gained. I traveled the road from one seminar. end to the other living- in a truck Aeronautical engineeiing 45 has and enjoying every minute of it. been dropped and 146, a course on “These boys of this generation aii'ifiane structures has been added who are supposed to be softer than its place. At alternate terms it their pioneer ancestors truly ex- a technical elective for non-en-ploded that theory,” said Col. Sineeiing students. Wheeler. “I have never seen men Pharmacy school has added put out more. Living conditions three courses: biological essays, were rough and the work was tough problems, and lesearch in pharbut these kids really put out.” macology. Agriculture 248 and 261
has been split to agricultural biological chemistry 43 and 44, which
road was opened Nov. 20, alternate with 251, split to
44 and 45. In the biology department physiology and pharmaco-
Pray For Rainy Day So Mr. Groundhog Will Stay
Uu-ough route from Canada (iyna,„ics b162, which provides weather. Paradoxically enough aliSKa. though rain is the last thing we
Road Opened Nov. 20
The
when Col. Wheeler and others officiated at the formal exercises for
thc firkt
into Alas'
Col. Wheeler is located at Whitehorse, Yukon, Territory, and expects to complete his assignment there during- I he coming- .spring, although im))rovements in grade, alignment, widening and other features are planned to be made by the Engineers’ Corps of the army.
By Wood Chuck
All you males and females who were disgusted this week-end at muddy weather which made milady’s dress bedraggled and ruined the shine on milord’s shoes had better pray for rain or cloudy
graduate work in physiology, has been added to take the place of and supplement Biology 142 which has been transferred to the Pharmacy
department.
Physical Science Changes
In order to give the student sufficient time to adjust himself and to
though rain is the last thing we want, dark weather is what we need for today is groundhog’s day. According- to the legend, if the groundhog- sees his shadow when he comes out of hibernation today, he will dive back into his hole and stay
would be up to the chem engineers, who could brew a smoke screen to
obliterate the sun.
Although these ideas may sound a little far-fetched, they may not seem so rare as the group of wits around the little town of Quarryville, Pennsylvania, who organised the Sleeping Groundhog Lodge a number of years ago to commemorate groundhog day. On the morning of February 2 the members don silk hats, carry canes, and go out into the fields in search of groundhog burrows. When one of the mentbers finds a burrow he calls the
Albert P. Stewart
science for which he is best adapted,, ihe curricula in chemistry, physics, and math has been shifted so that
. . . music director of the Uni- the program of study is common for versity, addressed a meeting of the first two terms. At the beginmusic educators at LaPorte Friday ning of the fifth term and each
there for six more weeks awaiting
choose the branch of the ph^^sical coming ot spring. If it is cloudy, watch for the
Mr. Groundhog will stay out thus -
indicating- that spring has come.
groundhog- to appear. When the groundhog emerges into the outer
A possible solution has been sug- air, they observe his actions and regested if the sun shines today. One turn to town to repoi't their intefis that the members of Alpha Ph.i pretations of his actions to the Omega, scouting'^ honorary, scout townspeople.
night on the subject of “Music in term thereafter, the student must out the groundhog holes. Pledges Records of this lodge show that Rural Areas.” Last week, Stewart consult with, and have his program could then hold umbrellas over, the of twenty predictions atten)pted, ..,1,1 .1 1„,.„1 gi.oups in of study approved, by a faculty ad- holes until the sun goes down and eight have been correct, five ift-.
addressed local civic Mishawaka and Elkhart.
danger is over.. Another solution definite, and seven wrong.
vir-i (
Kige^
m^mm
Purdue'Exponent Tuesday, February 2, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Bnsincso Manairor N«wfl Editor Managing; Editor Senior Advertising Manager Sparta Editor Coed Editor Coed Buainesa Kxerutive
William (3. IloaUins Gerhard H. Klountan Robert W. Boswinkle Dale E. But? •lames G. Petty ^ .JoKeph S. DnwRon Sally Beall A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial HtufT Aasoeiatc Editors: r. .1 Vith, J ’I. R.eti.nr.'.son. T R Tilfon, W. H. Tyson, W. L Vnnahon, .M E Sn.ith, C. C. Martindtii, E. Murphy. Coed S.aff: Pnyili, Mann, Martha r.eo Rigns, Carolyn Wilbur, Elnint; Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowarth, .T. Ackcrm.an, 1) Shryor, R. Smith.
* Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. hilpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R H Krotnlin Accounts Manager: Mary T ills.
The Purdue independent Editor-in-Chief. •• Bert Stjuler
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Smith Sports Editor: Smith Day Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Forsythe Reporters: Wnlsoti. Sanders, inpes, Hopkins, Moore, Edmondson, Hamniel, StciTes. Win«lou, M'llliams, Itichardson, Lynch, Abbott, Brassie, Lumpkin, Ford, Sommer, Stephenson, Dominik.
Entered as second class matter at the post ofTice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section lies, act of October 3. 1917, authorired January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thur.daj. Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for 81.7,7 for a semester or'$3.00 for two semesters : by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 50 for two Ecmesteis. Represented for national adveitising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Business In Our
Peace Plan .. .
Vice President Wallace and many other,s have, in recent weeks, formulated some good,.^ sense-making plans for a post-war world. All have taken an idealistic, long range poipt of view, necessary now, when the outcome of the war is still uncertain. These plans have been based on the logical assumption that the U. S. will write the peace ticket. Their ultimate aims are beyond question— free trade among all nations, freedom of all peoples to govern themselves as they see fit, mutual cooperativeness to rebuild and refinance war-ravaged countries, armed control and disarmament of the still-belligerents. But who will carry out the.se aims? What group, in all the nation, will take the responsibility to keep our boys overseas long after the war? The government, of course, seems to be the logical body to carry out the program. The question is, will the members of our legislature be able to withstand pressure which will inevitably be brought to -bear by parents asking the return of their sons ? We don’t want a repetition of the last postwar debacle, when the U. S. withdrew into its comfortably isolated shell. The nation cannot affoi'd to let the millions of American lives and billions of American dollars go for naught except winning an unfruitful and worthless victory. We, the citizens of this country, responsible to ourselves for the destiny of the entire world, cannot shirk the dirty, thankless clean-up job after the war. It’s very easy to say, now, that our nation will carry through these peace plans. It’s easy to state these ideals and say that they will be fulfilled. But ideals are quickly forgotten when there’s nothing to be gained by the individual. Politicians aren’t going to keep the boys across seas when it loses them votes. And our citizens are not going to donate free time for world happiness when their families ai'e living safely and happily in their own country. Ideals are practicable, for the great majority of people, only when they can be fought for. It would seem wise, therefore, to turn the planning and execution over to a group of the businessmen who have proven themselves such competent leaders and organizers thus far in the war. These men do not need ideals to tell them that free trade among all nations will be good business. They do not need compassion for the human race to know that full production will be healthy for their enterprises and their countrymen. Yet, they have shown that they have enough of the compassion and the ideals and the American way of doing, things to guard against exploitation and subjugation. Now, before the ideals are obscured by vic- ■ ory, is the time to take definite action for a practicably planned peace. We must realize that man, even in America, is essentially selfi.sh, whether his interests are centered in the glory of the battlefield, or in the fulfillment of a peace dream. We must accept this selfishnesK and use our men of business accordingly. Becau.se we citizens of the U. S. know, as do our leader.s of finance, that the things really best for ourseK'es are the thing.s best for our neighbors.—w.g.h.
Sjdwiai SiJupsiA.
Capt. E. F. Whitney
science ’:gj,.an instiuctor in CMTC, CCC and OEC for two years, entered active duly with the Field
Artillery on June 1, 1941.
Second Lt. Judson L. Driver . . .'who attended the Univeisity in 1940 and 1941, is now in the United ytate.s Air Force at Midland Tex.
msumoN Tm Refl U S OH Merry-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON,
Chiang Kai-shek Faces New Criticism At Home Because Of United States Policy
WASHINGTON—In the .swank new U. S. Public Health Buildinff, now vacated by yellow fever and bubonic plague expert.s to house the Allied chiefs of .staff, is a small office occupied by Maj. Qen. Chu Shikininp,-, Chinese military attache. It is spick and span, the neatest office in the building. This is partly because it is almost empty. No one comes in, no one goes out. Inside sits a stenographer. “I am grateful to the United States for giving me this nice office,” Gen. Chu confides to friends, “and I akso appreciate this nice stenographer. But I don’t like to go to my office, for I don’t want people to see how little work I have to do. “At first it embarrassed me to have the stenographer sit there doing nothing. But now I keep her busy clipping newspaper articles about China.” That empty ofiice illustrates what the Chinese call our empty-handed war policy toward China. It also gives one key to the mystery of Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek’s refusal to join the Roosevelt-Churchill conference. ' Gen. Chu tells friends that he never expected to sit at the mee^ngs of the top British and American strategists in Washington. But he did expect to participate in the meetings of lesser lights, including conferences to decide on allocation of munitions. However, only door open to the Chinese is the Council of the Pacific, also attended by the Poles and Gen. Giraud’.s representative, and conducted more or less like a tea-party. For a long time, domestic political resentment hgs increased against Chiang Kai-shek because his policy of U. S. friendship has netted no real returns. Recently rumors of these sentiments have grown to an ominous rumble. The powerful Governor of Yunnan Province in the South is at odds with Chiang. So is the Governor of Szechwan. In the Northwest, the leader of the Mohammedans is grousing against Chiang’s leadership. They claim he is ruled by his “American” family. They are not impressed with the fact that the Soong sisters were graduated from Wesleyan or Wellesley. They don’t care how popular the Soongs are with American public. The Chinese don’t realize the difficulties of supplying two vital war fronts—Russia and Africa. 'They also don’t realize that Madame Chiang Kai-shek, con(See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4)
...lie Ulippifig Post.
From time to time there comes across the desks of the editors articles by individuals who are not members of the staff. These articles might be run as letters to the editor, and yet they are more than that. They are really guest editorials. The Exponent welcomes suehc articles and will publish them in this column.
‘‘Pile the ashes out in front, Herkimer—You know how few of our neighbors converted to coal.”
University Calendar Tuesday, Fcbryary 2
4:00 7:30 7:30 7:30
P.M. PIA Tea Dance P.M. Co. H. E. Teachci s Meeting P.M. Chi'istian Science Meeting P.M. Aliiha Phi Omega Mocling
South Ballroom, Union Room 201, Union Room 302, Union Room 307, Union
Wednesday, February 3
7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30
P.M. Marriage Course P.M. Silver Mask Meeting P.M. Inter-Var.sily Chi is. Fellowship P.M. ASCE Meeting
W. Faculty Lgc., Union Room 302, Union Room 307, Union Room 201, r. E. Buildins
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
When Prc.sident Roosevelt was asked the other day while he was out on the lawn in front of the temporary White House^at Casablanca if he was not hot without a hat, he answered that he was born without a hat and was used to it. We are all born without hats, without clothes, as a matter of fact, and so are nudists by birth, all of us. And yet so many people think that it is a great stigma for anyone to be called a nudi.st. Now nudists are quite sensible people. They have not taken a vow to never again wear clothes. They merely believe that sun, air and water are highly beneficial upon the human body, and that when circumstances permit, these elements can be enjoyed best in the nude. They believe that the body taboo is merely an old superstition without any logical background or useful purpose. They take great pains and go to much expense to secure privacy where they may spend at least some of their time without giving offense to those not likeminded. >' The health-giving effects of exposure to air, sun and water have never been seriously disputed by authorities on health. Most, if not all, critics agree that the nudists have something there. What they insist on is that they wear at least some clothing. Of course, there is no logical reason for such demand. No matter how much clothing we pile upon a body, ^ill know that the body is still underneath. And all know in a general way what it looks like regardless of sex. The mystery with which we have fooli.chly surrounded our sex problem has aggravated that piohlom a thousandfold. Your backyard may be exceedingly ordinary and no one may ever look into it a .second time. Just.try to put a high hoard fence around it and lots of people will try to find knotholes to peek into it. It’s human nature. Little children have no shame of their bodies, and they would grow up that way if permitted. They are shamed into shame (meaning sham) without logic and reason almost as soon as they arc horn. The nudist loves nature. He is a conservationist and allows no hunting on his land. He has a global con'-ciousness and icalizcs his iclationship to all mankind, because without clothes all look vciy much alike. A nudist wai‘ would stop hefoic it begins because no one could tell friend from foe. It is only natural to ask who goc.-, to a nudist camp. The answer is people of all classes, mmi.sters, doctors, lauyeis, mechanics, laborers, tjpists, school teachers and many others. All bring their familcs along, if they have any. They all know each other by their first names. Theie are no show-offs and all aie socially equal. A man excells by nothing c.xccpt his personality. No liquor is ever permitted upon the ground.s. There are now hunch eds of camiis all over the country where nudism and social sunbathing arc practiced. This has been going on for over ten years. In 'this time not a single .scandal has been heard from. If Ihcie was one, the newsiiapers would quickly announce it in headlines. , Nudism IS not nakedness, hut a philosophy of sim])licity and naturalness, free from inhibition and bodily shame. It is an incentive lor the Luilding of physical perfection. Instead of teaching the shame of having a body it teaches the shame of neglecting and ahu.s,irig it. America needs nudism to build health, physical, mental and emotional. -ALOIS S. KNAPP, A.ssociate lOditor Sunshine and Health.
but, whatever the outcome, it should furnish some per.sons with an idea of how the wheels of
justice turn
Hitler couldn't even take time off’ from his rag chewing yesterday
to address his people on the tenth President had no other course hut anniversary of the Nazis rise to to accept the resignation and with power. His unwillingness to addicss q the lealization that the Congiess his people can be traced back to the would not hi the future rubber action on the Russian front and on stamp his legislation. The question the Alrican front. In reality, his of vho should fill the vacated posiquietness might be traced to a rca- tion has now been opened up anew lization that the Nazi party will he and the original choice of most peoin far greater difficulties next year, pig is the most likely candidate, Joand might not even be in powci. seph Grew, foimer Ambassador to Marshal Coering made the s])eech Japan. It was felt from the beginin place of Hitler and he painted a nmg that Crew would be the best very gloomy pictuie foi the Geiman qualifu’d man because ho has a very P<-‘“ldp- thorough understanding of the
problems that would face a diplo-
Sweden, a country that has been mat in that area, and he also underneutral for so long that modern his- ..■•tands the people of the South
tory retains no account of it at war, has taken the step that might lead it to war if Hitler gets desperate enough to invade the coantiy that has boon supplying him with the most iron. This warning to Hitler w'as deliiciod thiough the Swedish piime mini.'-tei, and in effect said that if Cermanv weie to demand the right to Cl OSS .Swerlen to connect
Pacific.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Finland with Norway, Sweden would declare wai'. By cliis move
LU»IA
MARS
China
By G. B. Wu
Although many mcmber.s of the student body might not realize it, there i.s a murder trial in progros.s just acro.ss the levee which may eventually do credit to .some of the more melodramatic my.stery and detective .stories. Whether or not W. R. Puckett killed his wife is a - matter for the Tippecanoe Ite Swedish pnme minister has
County Circuit Court to decide Hitlci s hand and it is put to
Adolf now to decide whether or not
he wants another front on hi.s hands.
PioMdcnt Roosevelt suffered one of his lew diplomatic defeats yestciday. Ed Flynn handed his iGsigiiation of (he job as Minister of the South Pacific and Australia. The
Aside from the three dominating religions, namely, Taoisip, Confucianism and Buddhism before the revolution of the Republic, China, like all other nations, believed in Animism which was the nucleus of the primeval form of ancient religious beliefs. The majority of the modern Chinese take to Christianity as a religion. Early Chinese Beliefs The early Chinese belief in religion was the worship of a Supremo Power who ruled Heaven and Earth from above. Sacrific^es and gifts were made in thankfulness and gratitude for benefits received, to secure the goodwill of the Supreme Ruler. Prayer for guidance or for favors to come, and never for pardon or in acknowledgment of sinfulness. Indication of hell to conform with Dante’s Inferno was for the punishment of the wicked and reward for the good. Filial Piety led to the offerings to ancestors before wooden tables with the name of the departed inscribed thereon as follows: “The spirit rests in this wooden tablet, and the wooden tablet is spiritualized by its resting. The spirit and the wood together will in ages of unending spring.” Philosophy As A Religion The Univer.se to the Chinese is merely a manifestation of the moral principle. Heaven is a kind of national law, and the heavenly way is a moral one. To the Chinese philosopher, the moral life is the only philosophical subject which from the beginning of the woild to the present has been consuleied worthy of considei ation. The great problem of Chineso pliilosophcrs has been to find a way of uiulei.standing and hetlcimg man and the world. The first outstanding student - philosophei along this line was Laotze who pictured “the way” through Taoism. Iloiice Taoism is both a philosophy and a religion. As a philosophy, it traced to Lao-tzo, boin in GOl B. C. He was a profound thinker, a political philosopher of keen insight, and an ethical teacher of very high order. In the book Tao-Te Chmg, the Taoist philosophy finds its loots. The hook licats two subjects, Tal and Te. Tal is the fundamental piinciplc of the philo.5ophy and To is the piactical exemplification of that pi inciple in conduct. Tao means the, “way.” Te' means “virtue.” When opc walks in the “way” the lesult is right conduct or virtue. The following are a few sayings from Lao-tze: “Mighty IS her who conquers himself.” “I practice non-activity and the people of themselves reform.” “I love quietude and the people become righteous.” “I initiate no policy, and the people become rich.” “I clesiie nothing and the people become simple.” “Nature does nothing, but there is nothing leff undone.” “The more restrictions and pro-
TODAY and TOMORROW
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
TODAY and TOMORROW
SECOND H8T
RKO Radio Picture
ARC
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
DIANNA BARRYMORE ROBERT STACK -—in-
chapter 6 DEATH AT THE STAKil
\At Least SlTrae^ilu. Pleasure aPdrwFflir^^wM. irE.SSI!lEE!SEAT ' ""
ENTIRE WEEK AT REGULAR PRICES
' ' '
hibitions there are the poorer the people grow.” “The more inventions and weapons the people have, the more troubles the state.” “The more cunning and skill man has, the more upsetting will events be.” “The more laws and mandates, the more thieves and robbers.” Confucianism ■«' ■MM The fundamental upon whigh Confucianism is built is one Supreme Being, the only God of the Heaven, of whom, through whom, and. to whom are all things. Sacrificing to ancestors was employed by Confucius, who insisted that “Filial piety consisted in obedience in serving one’s parents when alive according to propriety, in burying them when dead according to propriety, and in sacrificing to them after death according to propriety.” Confucianism holds that society is made up of five relationships: 1. Husband and wife. 2. Parent*and child. 3. Elders and youngers. 4. Ruler and subject. 6. Friend and friend. With all these relationships properly functioning’ there would be a well governed country. The Confucian Golden Rule is “Do not unto others what you do not like done unto yourself.” Confucianism may be only a philosophy, a system of ethics by which Confucius hoped to bettor the .social and political conditions of China but it is certain that no one man ever had such a profound influence upon Chine.so culture as Confucius. 1. Four Books—Aiuilect.s, sayings of Confucius collected by his (lisciiiles; Great Learnings, a treatise wiitten by T.seng-Tse (disciple) ; Doctrine of the Mean by ’i'se-Ssu (giandson); Work of Mencius. 2. Five Clasiscs—Yi Ching or Book of Changes used in divination; Shu Ching or Book of History; Shill Ching or the Collection of Poetiy; Li Chi or Book of Titles. 3. Clastic of Filial Piety. The following are sayings from Confucius: “Soirow not that men do not know you, hut sorrow that you do not know men.” “If you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.” “To .sec the i ight and not do it, that IS cowai'dicc.” “Ovcrjiassing is like coming short of the mark.” “Faith IS the seed, pennance the rain, wisdom is my yoke and plough.” Buddha The teachings of Buddha originated from his idea that all is transient, fleeting, impermanent. All beings, gods, men, and all living things are what they are as the lesult of deeds done during previ(See CHINA, page 4)
i't
-it
I
* i'f
V I
' i' i
■41
^ \ j, ‘ ’1 '^■' 'jl r ■* ' 7- ** « 1 ’*?_,' r , j . ! T t ^msd^, Februai^ 2, i94» Boflei^malier
V.*
w
I'l
m
Hoosiers Tightetf Grip
'’m 5'“' P i J. j- I
On Big Ten’s Top Rung Indiana’s rollicking Hoosiers'now have a firm grip on their toI> position in the Big Ten standings as a result of their victory over Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermakers last Saturday evening by a humiliating 53-36 decision. The victory for the McCracken maulers was their thirteenth straight in their undefeated campaign this season. Indiana didn’t have too much trouble in downing the eager Riveter squad, because of the supply of yeteran reserve ma- third place, with .eOO per cent, are terial which the Hoosier^ have Wisconsin Badgers. They have bn hand. The Boilermakers started out with'speed and ac- Minnesoto Tied For Third curacy and ran up a brief 4-0 „ occupied by the \ 1 XT A. 1 IT 1 BoilcrnitikGrs <inci MinriGsots witli lead. Not to be outdone by three wins and three losses. Ohio their arch rivals, the Hoosier ma- state’s unpredictable Buckeyes hold chine started clicking and soon had down an undisputed fifth place berth the scoreboard reading 5-4. Menke with two victories and three defeats, hit a couple, then the Hoosiers re- Northwestern is below the Ohioans t^liate(l and the score was dead- wtih two lost and one won, and locked at 11-11. The hardwood bo- Michigan comes next with three catpe heated then as the Indiana losses and one win. Iowa is next to gnihtet ran up a 24-16 lead at half- the bottom, having won one and lost five. The cellar is occupied by its Too Many Personals usual tenants, the Chicago Maroons, In the second half the Boilermak- who have three losses and no wins, ers began to tire. Biggs and Ehlers Next Week went to the sidelines with too many These are the standings up to the personals and the lack of experi- 8'ames played last Saturday eveenced reserve material soon began ning. Coming up on the schedule, to show. The Hoosiers glided along ^1’° sames that may greatly alter from this point with little mercy present standing. Next Saturfor the opposition and with the help ^ay the Boilermakers are scheduled of numerous reserves, they finished Northwestern for a battle
with the Wildcats. Coach McCracken’s Hoosiers will play host to the Michigan quintet and should extend their vietoiy string to fourteen straight. Minnesota’s Gophers will
up with a 6.3-35 victory over the
scrapping Boilermakers.
The Boilermaker-Hoosier fracas was the main event on the Big Ten card la.st week end, and the only
other game played was the tilt be- fi'avel to Chicago to meet the lowly tween Minnesota and Wisconsin. Maroons in an effort to raise their The Badgers showed that they have status in the Big Ten standings. The power to spare as they downed the f'econd place Illini are also schedbewildered Gophers to the tune of action next week end. 54-33. The victory moved the Wis- They travel to Ohio State to tiy consin lads up to third place in the the Buckeye strength. Big Ten standings. . ' .... i... Indiana On Top Only two of the eight Iowa Indiana’s Cream and Crimson wrestling team members have had Hoosiers hold down the top berth intercollegiate experience . . . they in the record book with their six arc Russell Miller, 128-pounder, and wins and no losses. Their victoiics Harris Stageberg, heavyweight, are over Chicago, Ohio State twice. Three men who scored as sopholowa twice, and Purdue. In the sec- mores in the Big Ten championond spot, we have last year’s chain- ships last year joined the navy air
pions, Illinois. The Illini are also urtdefeated in Big Ten competition with four wins and no losses. In
force. They are Roy Pickett, second in 121; Dick jUeppprt, third in 155; and Ed Kemp, fourth in 145.
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuabic condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
COMFORT and ATTRACTIVENESS are the KEYNOTES OF ENJOYMENT provided by ROOMS at the fiwukuL TyiemoUcd, UnmtL Single rooms .... parlor suites double rooms .... twin rooms . . . family suites . . . Available at MODERATE PRICES JhsL fiuhduSL lAnlmL The Corner of the Cum pus— Yet the Center of Activities
The
A
rl
(jdeWSL
ft
By Joe Dawson
► They Just Hit More Often After .watching Indiana iwhip the Boilermakers last Saturday night, one still wonders why the Hoosiers are rated No. 1 in the nation. . . . The only difference between the two teams, as we could .see it, was the fact that McCracken’s men seemed to be able to hit the shots that the Riveters were missing all evening. . . . The Boilermakers looked bettor under both backboards; they seemed to have more fight and they made fewer mistakes. . . . Yet, after the first 10 or 15 minutes they were never within less than eight points of the Hoosiers. ^ Has Become A Habif To an outsider the extremely accui’ate akooting of the Indiana team looked like just so much luck-Y . . However, they have been doing it for so long that it has become a ha^it. . . . Fifty-five points is considered just mediocre to McCracken after seli^ing his team roll up 71, 64 and 63 scores all season. Those four long shots *by Swanson from about the Boilermaker foul circle looked like plain slop. . . . Last year, though, he hit seven just like these to personally account for the Hoosiers’ slim victory over Sprowl, Blanken, Menke and the rest. ► Swanson No Exception Swanson is no exception. . . . Any man on the 15-man team is liable to cut loose and drop in five or six buckets. Some of them don’t even look at the basket when they shoot. ... In fact, when Denton made those two baskets, he was heading towards the Riveter basket and had his eye on a little blonde sitting in the third row of the end section. There is no getting around it; those fellows could match baskets with any team in the country. ► Menke in Top Form It was mighty fitting- that A1 Menke should make that game Saturday night one of the best has has ever played. . . . The Bloomington crowd found out the hard way just what they missed when A1 decided to come up here instead of following his famous brothers’ example in going to Indiana. Wittenbi-aker was concentrating his entire efforts on stopping Al. . . . He did manage to stop Menke’s one-handed shots, but by the end of the game the Boilermaker captain had again walked off with scoringhonors for the evening. ► No Alibi Lambert and the entire team, as always, offei-ed no alibi for the loss Saturday. Most everyone knows, however, that Ed Ehlers has just gotten out of the hospital the day before the game and hadn’t practiced with the team all week. ... On top of that, Mix Biggs had been suffering from a bad cold and played the game Satui-day night with a high temperature. . . . He IS now in the hospital with strep throat. Call this an alibi if you want, but with two legulars definitely not in top shape a ball team cannot be expected to function at its best.
Combined Fmsh-Varsity Track Meet Last Saturday Shows Conference Inclination
By Russ Lipes
Those who read the full story of the track meet with Indiana last Saturday might have noticed that tacked on to the end of the varsity summary was a summary of the freshman squads. Those who were just a little more inquisitive than the casual reader might have realized that Saturday’s meet was not only a contest between the varsity squads of the two schools, but in addition it was a contest between the fresh- lizing this distressing fact. Boilerman squads of the same two maker Track Coach Hermon PliilSChools Coach E. C. Hayes of Indiana thought that it might be a good The war has brought many allow the freshman squads changes to the sports program of the two schoois to have their own in this country, and one of these meet at the same time that the varchanges has been the approval of sity squads were engaged in comfreshmen competing for vaisity po- petition. Last Saturday’s meet was
sitions by the majority of schools and athletic associations. So fai Ihe Big Ten Confcionce has not given its consent to allow freshmen to win a place on a varsity team, although that question has been un-
der debate several times.
the result of this decision.
Meet Runs Rapidly
Looking over the results of this meet from a spectator’s viewpoint, it is noted that the meet was not the usual dull and piolongcd affair that is characteristic of a good many
College freshmen, under the pres- track meets, but the sandwiching of
ent program of acceleiated education, have only about two and onehalf years of varsity competition available to them at the most. Rea-
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 3rd 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Feb. 4, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
New under-arm Cream Deadorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate’ skin 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, wliite, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approv.il Seal of , Amcritan Insiiuite ot haundering for being hainiless to ' fabric.
the freshman events between the var.sity events kept the program moving- at a lively pace, and at the same time gave the individual perfoimers a chance to rest before their next event. In addition to speeding up the program, several of the freshman times were the equal of the times turned in by varsity runners and in one or two cases the times were even better. This not only showed the possibilities of freshmen as varsity membeis, but also helped to speed up the varsity runners so as not to be overshadowed by the performers on the rhinie squad. As far as is known, last Saturday’s combined meet was the first of its kind held anywhere for a good many seasons. However, this is due to the fact that the majority of the schools are not as far advanced in their semester as the two schools paiticipating in Saturday’s meet here and have not swung into their full track season as yet. Other meets of this type have definitely been arranged among the Big Ten schools so as to give as much competition as possible to their freshman squads. In addition to these meets, several telegraphic meets have been arranged among vaiious freshman teams. Freshman runners will have a veiy definite place in the Puidue Relays on March 27. This meet is going to be i un under National Intercollegiate rules and as a result any school that normally allows treshmen to occupy a berth on the vai.sity squad will have fieshmcn competing for them that day. Thi.s* holds tiue for many of the colleges and universities that have announced their intentions of entering
the meet.
Since many of the Big Ten schools would like very much to see their own freshmen m action, Coach Phillips, the originator of the Purdue
Cleveti Lists PE 12,Rules For This Term Each absence above three will definitely affect your grade in PEM 12. Students desiring- a report on their attendance record to date must leave a self-addressed post card in the mail chute in the door of Room 111. Do not apply in peison. Credit for attendance will be refused those failing to report in the proper attire fog- the specified activity. (Gym floor, T shirt, blue trunks, gym shoes; Pool, in the nude; Tutors, T shirt, white ducks, gym shoes). If physically unable to participate in the activity of the day report your presence diessed for the activity and explain your difficulty to the instructor in charge. Make-Ups A make-up provision is designed for/those wishes to keep their attendance record in good order. Proceed as follows: Fall in with any PEM 12 Division that meets on days other than days your division meets regularly, i. e., Monday, Wednesday, Friday division may make up on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. If your group meets regularly in the pool your make-up must be in the pool, otherwise line up along the north wall on the main gym floor and give your division letter and number. Join your activity group after the calisthentic period. Make-ups must appear within the week. Not more than one PEM 12 period will be allowed any one day. Varsity Players Members of varsity teams are required to fill out an attendance card and take the four required tests. If you are training- with the varsity and your name is not on the list submitted by your coach, the error should be corrected at once, by you. When you are dropped from the varsity squad or when the season is over your attendance is required in PEM 12. Late arrivals at class may be refused credit for attendance, at the discretion of the instructor. Attendance is taken during the warm-ing-up period, with an occasional re-check after the activity period. Credit definitely will not be given numbers reported out of regularposition, for obvious reasons. Tutors line up along north wall and participate in the warm-up exercises. Five hour men (2 grade fall term) report on regular number with assigned division three periods per ■sveek and along north wall with make-ups for the other tw'o; not more than one period per day. Drop-outs (leaving class before dismissed) rvill be recorded as absentees. Substitutions for attendance and tests are a violation of thO/University Code and will be dealt with as such when discovered. Wisconsin's Badgers Change Ring Schedule Madison, Wis., Feb. 1 — Two changes in the University of Wisconsin’s intercollegiate boxingschedule for this season were announced today by John WalshJ Badger boxing- coach. Walsh revealed that Wisconsin’s 1943 intercollegiate ling schedule would open on Feb. 19 with a match with Michigan State boxers in the Wisconsin fieldhouse here. Arrangements for the match were concluded with Michigan State officials Thursday. Walsh also announced that the match originally scheduled with the Southern Louisiana Institute boxing team, to be held here on March 19, had been cancelled at the request of the Louisiana school’s officials.'Increasing travel difficulties brought the request for cancellation of the match. Cancellation of this match leaves the March 19 date open on the Badger schedule for the present, but Walsh said that he expected to find another opponent for the Wisconsin team +’or this date. Twenty-one athletes coached by George T. Bresnahan at the Univeisity of Iowa have won a total of 36 Big Ten clear titles in track and field events in tlie past 22 years . . . four men shared five other titles. Lee F'armer, captain of the 1913 indoor team, last season became the fiist Hawkeye to win two championships in the same indooi meet. Relays, has announced that there will be several relays for these freshman squads. All in all it seems as though the various members of the Big Ten Conference aie doing everything possible to keep their different fieshnian squads ready to jump into varsity competition the moment that they aie allowed to do so.
Riveter Cagers Inyedf Northwestern Saturday In an attempt to rebound from their losing habits acquiTed in the Ohio State series and the Indiana game, “Piggy” Lambert’s Riveter charges will journey to Evanston, 111., thi.s week end to grapple with the Northwestern Wildcats. The Boilermakers were given, a vacation from practice and a chance to lick their wounds received in Bloomington over _! the week end at the hands of
IM Schedules
7:00
:00
7:00
:00
7:00
5:00
7:00
1:00
Branch McCracken’s Hurryin’ Hoosier.s. However, Coach Dutch Lonborg's Wildcats were getting no such rest as they met the Whiz Kids from Illinois m Champaign last night. No .'■core was reported as the paper
went to press.
Although Northw-estern’s Big Ten record thus far is anything but im-
Ph'i Kappa vs. Beta Theta Pi. Pi’essive, they are still to be reckCourt 3 with. In Western Conference Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta ^^ii'cles, the men from Evanston have
conquered only Michigan while com-
Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Chi. on the short end of scores in. encounters with Minnesota and
Wisconsin. However, thinking statistically, the carriers of the Purple and White have outscored their op-
SQUASH . Tuesday, Feb. 2 Couit 1 Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Court 2
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma
Alpha Mu
SQUASH
Wednesday, Feb. 3
Court 1
Delta Tail Delta vs. Pi Kappa Ponents 160 to 146 points
Alpha.
Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
Court 2
Lose To Minnesota
Their defeat at the hands of the Minnesota Gophers, with whom the Boilermakers split, was by a scant
7:00 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha 47-46 margin and their game with
Kappa Lambda.
Wisconsin was that memorable bat-
8:00 Sigma Pi vs. Phi Gamma tie of buckets, the 67-65 affair. The
7:00 8:00
7:00
7:15
8:10
Delta. Court 3 Sigma Nu vs. Triangle. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Kappa Sigma.
BASKETBALL Tuesday, February 2 Court 1—Jean Whitlock Short Course 1 vs. Short Course 4. Short Court 2 vs. Short Course 3. Salisbury vs. Wesley. Court 3—S. Rudasics Chaimcey vs. Circle Pines. Dover vs. Kneale House. Luma vs. Mai-wood. Owen vs. Rochdale.
Court 2—Pilarski-J. Rudasics
7:00
Phi Kappa Psi vs. winner of Theta Chi and Delta Upsilon.
Wildcats also have lost a pair <s£ contests to Notre Dame. Perhaps the brightest spot in their record thus far this season is their decisive defeat of the Great Lakes Bluejackets. This was one of Great Lakes’ two defeats during the cuiTent capi-
paign.
Lineup Includes Gridders The Northwestern starting lineup reads like their football roster with such gridiron performers as Otto Graham, Nick Vodick and Hud Hasse donning basketball toggery in place of their moleskins. This fall, Graham and Vodick operated in the backfield, while Hasse held don^ an end spot. The other two startos are Captain Russ Wendland and Bobby Pake. Graham Is Scorer Graham, who has starred on the gridiron for the past two seasons and who is now a junior, ranked sec-
RIFLE PRACTICE Tuesday, February 2
3:00—Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi o^id in conference scoring last year Alpha, Phi Delta Theta. as a sophornore with 197 points on 5:00-—-Phi Gamma Delta, Phi gg field goals and 59 from the free Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi. throw line. Graham holds sway at a 7:00 — Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi forward post and has been consistKappa Tail, Phi Sigma Kappa. ently the leading scorer for his 8:00—Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa team.
Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Wednesday, February 3
3:00-
At the pivot position, the Wildcats are featuring a sophomore in
Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma person of Nick Vodick, six foot.
Chi, Sigma Nii.
5:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma
Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi.
7:00—Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta
Chi, Theta Tau.
8:00—Theta Xi, Triangle.
Caiy Hall Ping-Pong starts Wed-
two inch center from South Bend. Hasse Starred At Hammond At one of the guard posts is the other footballer, Clarence “Bud” Hasse, six foot, two inch veteran from Hammond. Hasse has alternated at center and guard for the
nesday, February 3, at 7:15. The past two years for the Wildcats, following- units will report at the During- his high school days at Ping-Pong room in the Fieldhouse: Hammond High, Hasse played on Unit 2 vs. Unit 3. the team which was runnerup to Unit 4 vs. Unit 5. South Side of Port Wayne in the Unit 6 vs. Unit 7. 1938 state tourney and was named These games will be played on to an all-state team for his efforts. Tuesday and Wednesday evenings The other guard post is currently
occupied by Russ Wendland, captain of the team. Wendland, who also has two years of varsity competion behind him, is noted for his ball handling and long range luarks-
manship. He places ninth in theconfereneq scoring race last year, gpar-
nei-ing- 137 points on 65 field goals
and 27 free throws.
The remaining forward spot features Bobby Jake, erstwhile thnhis .'jtar from Milwaukee, who saw a lot of action last year until a back in-
quarter in March.
Other Wildcat gridders who are
affected by the order
Wildcats Will Lose Ed Hirsch To Army
Evanston, 111., Feb. 1—Ed Hiisch, captain elect of Northwestern university’s football team, will not be able to lead the Wildcats into action next fall. Hirsch is one of four letteimen on the Northwestern eleven who as members of the Army En-
listed Reserves will be called into him out late in the shaservice at the end of the current ^his season, he has been
matching Graham point for point in
his quest for scoring honors. Jules Promising Sophs
Siegle, end; Johnny iVinter, half- This rounds out Coach Lonbor^s back, and Vine DiFrancesca, tackle, starting- lineup. The rest of his Hirsch, who hails from Williams- team is comparatively inexperiville, N. Y., was also regular third enced. However, he has a group-hf baseman on the Wildcat baseball rather promising sophomores in the team. persons of Mason Dixon, a guard Most of the members of the from Flora; George Pelt, a ejenter Northwestern athletic teams are fi-om Austin of Chicago; Don Kueueither members of the Naval ROTC kas and Ron Schumacher, forwa«Is unit or are enlisted in the Naval from Kewannee apd Dundee, 11., V7 program. The Navy has not as respectively. yet announced plans foi its enlisted Only Meeting ,, reseives. This meeting between the Riveters and the Wildcats is the only Sobek Hopes To Equal cm-i-ent campaign. Last H . L c • D ~ J season the Boilermakers camb out IQn dCOfin^ ReCOfO on top in both meetings of the two Gooige Sobek, foiward on the teams by scores of 50 to 41 and Great Lakes Naval Training- Sta- 56 to 42. ^ tion basketball team, who last sea- Thus fai, the only mutual oppohon playeil at the University of nents have been Minnesota, Notre
Notre Dame, is hopeful this yeai of equaling the scoiing lecord he nosed establislied while attending Ham- point, iiiond, Iiul., high school in 1938 Sobek scored 333 points that sea
Dame and Great Lakes. Minnesota
out Northwestern by itofte while the Riveters splits jii
doublt-header with the same tehtn. Notre Dame conquered the Wildci^s
son, enabling Hammond to leach tw-ice and the Riveters once, EfpWthe finals of the Indiana State prep ever, the Wildcats trounced the tournament. Sobek is one of the lors from Great Lukes, who, in tprn three former Notre Dame players outponited the Boilermakers
now on the Bluejacket squad. 43.V i
Vf ,
mni
PurcTwc Exponent
Tuesdayf February 2, 1943^
Should Army Call All Male Students ' , Announces Pledges To Services At End Of Current Term?
Fd Stephenson
The nose of the “inquuing lepoitei” has been pning into other people’s business again This \^eek s question was seiious in its content, and most of the answeis weie made in the same vein The question was, “Do you think that all male stu dents should be put in the Aimj (Nai > oi othei seiMce includ ed) immediateh, oi should — —
the\ be left in schooP” As fai as the men on the
campus weie concerned, the
most populai answer was that \meucan hospital has . 1 i. j not been able to see the President
“Certain men being tiained m
technical fields should be left in nearh six long jeais with
school until the> giaduate The fields weie not specified but weie assumed to be those in which oui
Merry-Go-Round (Continued fiom page 2)
nation is shoit of technicnns such as doctors cngineeis phaimacists adxanced chemists ind physicists Portv four per cent of the eds those this answer making it the mo^t popular choice b\ a margin of 12 pei cent Only 25 pei cent of the coeds w eie in fa\ ois of leaving tech meal men in school while other stu dents should he sent to the aimed services One of the campus tops when stopped for questioning said This IS a wai of technicians and all engi neeis and technicians that are in this 01 any othei university and show an ability to study should he left until the aimy thinks that oth ei manpower souices aie complete ly depleted Technicians should be called only as a last lesoit
Coeds Speak
With the coeds the most populai -^^i-iethei membeis oi
can educated wife and her sisters Is ole —Some high placed Chinese hint that if Chiang Kai shek had left China foi the Roosevelt Church ill meeting political rivals would have moved into the Genoi alissimo s
palace befoie he got back
• New Tommy Corcoran No announcement has been made yet but the Picsidcnt his i new Tommy Coicoian —istuto young Joe Casey ex Congiessmaii fiom IMassachusetts M il e i note of him He will play an impoitant role bad
stage aiound Congiess
But wheie Tommy the Coik ind Ben Cohen fiequently nibbed Con ,,iess the wiong way C isey s No 1 lob IS to piomote White House Con
„iession il haiinonv
Casey IS 'ilso miking some Q T suiveys for the President One oi
The Ratio 3.55...tol
PUBLIC OPINIONS It seems that DU Bient Pinch caused Chi 0 Ciiiiny Maitiii, Ins 1i ide dinnei date Wednesday night to be late to i WBAA iccoid pio giam on which she peifoims Dm ing the eouise of the piogiam Bhe laid the blame foi hei taidiness on Pinch Wlieii questioned is to the time she h id she said she enjoyed hei elite but that Ins dancing le minded hei of ‘Maiclung Thiough Beilin Wheicupon the afoiemen tioned leeoid was played Nothing like being ia77ed in fiont of the entire school body
answers (43 pei cent) was an em phatie No They seem to feel that the Aimy Nayy and Maiine Corps should leave them a feyy un uniformed males This ansyvei should surprise many of the eds on the campus who have been under the impression that yvoinen in the
University could be impiessed only , ^
... . ,, , , , , to pass on moie Government moves
with ton': of gold hi aid navy blue . , .
the W u Pioduction Boaid uc de libeiately slanting then ictions to
smeai the New De il
Anothoi Q T pi obe is of Elniei D ivis Office of Wai Infoimation Casey believes that shiewd public minded Davis could be of great value to the Administiation if asked
P RS \T/ Even though it puts i good piity gal out of ciiculition we yvould or dinaiily not wonder much rbout Iheti riei Hyde t iking Pin Psi Woody Armstrong s pin But this time we can t help but wonder rbout the circumstrnces under which it w IS done Namely in fi out of the West Lrtayctte fiic stition Maybe the little red fiie stition is the best substitute til it c in be found for a lomantic spot nowad lys We 11 still take the b lel 'e it of the old i ilopy in pie lation d ly s While we’re on the subject of pin pushing we might mention th it Bet i Bill Boston pliyed smut ind put his out off c impus on 1 Til Del it Illinois
Pledges foi this semester of Skull and Cicscent sophoinoie honorary, aie as folloyys John Steineback Acacia Jack Dominik Alph i Chi Rlio James McCormick Alpha Gamma Rho, Willi'im Naiigan, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Robert Mar wood Alpha Sigma Phi, Charles Haag Alpha lau Omega Wulber Fischer Beta Sigma Psi Austin Gillespief Beta Theta Pi, Wairen Esley Donald Unteed Delta Tan Delta John Gray Kappa Delta Rho Douglas Weeh, Kappa Sigma, Waiien laekman Lambda Chi Alpha C O Roberts Phi Delta Theta George Tayloi Phi Gamma Delta Walter Simons Phi Kappa, Robert Giayson Phi Kappa Psi William Jones Phi Kappa Sigma How lid John Phi Kappa Tau, Rob eit DuPuy Phi Sigma Kappa Rich aid Young, Pi Kappa Alpha Don aid C Si^agei Pi Kappa Phi Robin Padoi 1 Sigma Alpha Mu Gene Womblc Sigma Chi Edward Li quist bignia Nil Russel Peti ak buma Pi Cilvin C Giyncs Tau Epsilon Phi Emory Wegh Tau Kappa Epsilon Paul Hahn Theta Chi El yv in Cummins SigniiAlphi Epsilon Riehud Blaekhall Delta Upsilon Steilin^ Keysci Theta Tau Geoige Helftrich Theta Xi
Don lid Leach Piiinf^le
Charles Laughton and Robert Taylor portray United States Naval officers in M G M’s ‘ Stand By For Action ’ at the Mars Theatre The film graphically depicts American fighting action against the lapa nese in the PaeilSc
A. T. Wiancko Speaks On Agronomy History Pi of A 1 Wiancko, head of the Agronomy Department, spoke at a seminar sponsored by the Agron omy Department on the subject. History and Deyelopment of Agronomy Woik at Purdue ’ The seminars held this year are being appropriately called ‘Agronomy Department Victory Seminars” The talk was giyen in room 201 of Agricultural Hall yesterday at 4 o’clock Professor Wiancko, haying been connected with the department for forty years this year, has watched this work coiitmuohsly grow He studied in Canada befoie coming here and was made head of the de paitment in 1926
Playshop
and khaki A mei e 2 per cent of the men asked this question responded with a plain No Onb coed an swered the inquiry with If they must go they must but wed sure hate to see them leave us A male student said ‘I think they should leave the men in our univeisities unless they haye to call them is i last resort Scholastic Deferment The statement Men with an in de\ of 4 0—4 5 as the Ai my might decide should be left if they are in the fieshman oi sophomore class and that all junrors and seniors should say in schools was madcr'by almost equal numbei'i of men ind vyonien Thirty two per cent of the men w ould east thei lot w ith this plan and 30 per cent of the women were in favor of such i method of choosing those who should stay in school The general feeling w is that by the time a student leiehes his junior yen he has passed enough scholastic bariieis to pioye his capabilities as a student ind he has enough valuable ti lining to warrant his finishing it Many stu dents felt that an index of 4 o yyas a bit high as i requisite but most of them thought tint it should be set at some place betyyeen 4 0 and 4 5 The idea of putting a lequiie ment of sophomoie and fieshmin glades was to eliminate the students whose efforts would be of more y alue in the aimed sei vices than they are in a univcisity One eynicil sophomore said that in his opinion “Only grinds should be giycn defei ments A suipiising numbei of mm thought that the Aimy should call all male students immediately Twenty two pei cent of the eds ex pressed this sentiment As in idd ed pi oof that the coeds don t want to lose then men a meie two per cent of the women on the campus se&ni to feel that the Ai my hould take all of the male students One man thought that the Aimy should have control of all of the edue ition il facilities in the eountiy foi the du ration of the yvai One oi the coeds who thought the men should go modified hei stitement by 'tying ‘ It really depends on hoy\ the Aimy thinks the yvai is f,oing Various Opinions Among the ansyveis that failed to fall into one of the foui geiiei il el ts sifieations was that of an ed wto said “The whole set up is none of oui bu'ines let the Aimy y\oiiy about it A coy young coed li ped out ‘No' We want to have some fun Anothei c pinion w i II Hit Aimy wants us and flic y wait trained teehriKiaiis too let the input us in unifoim irid p i\ u syo i month Sailors’ Opinion To mak( the uivcy eonijiletc ix sailois weie adde 1 to the 1 st lit fust three that weie stopped (halted foi a while and dining, the eirvci satjon voiced these opir ions f et tljc goveininent d( eide and jiui tin ^ud( nts yyhcKvci t)i(vi( luii I fhemost—Aiiny Navy diieiiseiii
in order to gauge then effect upon public ojiinion C iscy therefore miy recommend that FDR submit all diiectivos iiid executive orders to Davis before release to the pub
lie
On the Congressional front Casev plans moie visits to the White House by bi partisan groups which may be able to give FDR bettei id vice than Harry Hopkins Note So lai Casey has lefused to accept any salaiy but is slated latei foi r post in Jimmy Hvines Office of Leonomie Stabiliz itioii (Copyii lit 194j ly Un ted lei tine Sy ndicate Ine )
Some people eiit ibide Iv tic lilies \t least one very pioniinent 1 ule oi MPH yy is leeently fosse 1 to the wii (I by i (leshie Ketuinin^ fiom her elite tlie (censored) eoe I wa&ii t satisfied ti chit with he elite in the hu^e liyin„ i oom no was she satisfied to pi ly pin., pon,, in the icci cation loom She t lo! him to iiei loom 1 he eilpiit w is diseoveicd immediitely an 1 lustily leiniyed iiom the Ini Iclin,, The jiooi flesh e with the ill oi the held lesident repented of hei mis Icnie in ) ml j oni se 1 f iithlully t) be a ^c o 1 „ il iioiii now cn
Decorates Ash Tray "M lybe it s just i i„n of the gen ei il confi ion iu liners exhibit Anyw ly in one oi the women s rest locms (otherwise Inown is fire trap ) 11 the modoin 1 ingu ij e binldni^ is iveiy luge pronniieiit NO SMOKING sif,n—ind just be low the igii IS i beiiitilul nevy ish ti n
du tiy or seliool As f ii as my opinio IS conceincl the boys be tween 17 ind 20 uinl much good in the seiviee iiiywiy ind they night IS well be n school v heie they will hive enough teehnieil li lining t) mil e them good officeis by the fine they le old enough to be ol 1 e il u to the fighting ioiees Ilice noie iilois weie inter y ewei—thi tunc i yotingei tiio w I el e I 11 d then opinions wc lightly dillei i I Amplify the 11 ( ))l ill 11 1 1 t neii who lie dee if Ludert t ly in s( nool un til they Inn f Gjive tnc m Aimy oi N I y up ivi c 11 11 d )jut them ii ti inil iin J hit way the govcininett c 1 1 11 I e I Ic 1 t e J Ann ijiolis s ind 'iW t J t 1 I til (1 I iLion J h 111 y ey w is 11 id w iF out ui alteiii)it to jioiiit out i olutioii i 11 il ( I bk in of di ai tinj c i e i 1 1 t 1 ( 111 t si id 1 Is but ill in 1i nek 1 t lioyy i ; en i il jiict ii < i 1 ( (J in 1 I tl e sill lei I cl il i I 1 iv 1 ily I th cju stion
NIW HONOR VR\ ’ We hive been lecently informed th it Theta s Gloi la Moig in ind Peg Halt uc tieisuiei and vice piosi dent in chiige of activieics lespec tively of i newly formed dimpus organization by the n me of EFJC merning Liiol Flynn Junior Com ni intlos Me ilso hive been told that some lucky boy w ith the initials C C IS piesident of the club The only one we can think of to ft this IS Theta Chi Gornclitis C illih in III Incident illy vouis titily would ic eeive veiv fivoiibly in inyitition to membeiship M E H V I F to inal c the column end up )ust IS it beg in but wc cm t rcsi t lot ting y oil in on i little nicl n ime th it Pi Phi Maige Miller his tael ed on DU M iinei Mooie In hei nicie af eetion ite moments he clubs him Chubbin Me vondei if they eoi V Cl se in b il y tall
hev theie elaienec a I idy has made it known th it if 1 doiit w 1 ite to you more often she will suspend her subscription to the exponent that is peeiiliai the itasoii i dont wiite moie often IS th it if i (lid ill the test of the people w ould suspend then subsci iptions —Ml DB \I I
Complines Schcouled to Visit Campus N ition il lube(omp'’ny Flhyood City Pennsylv iiiia — lebiuaiy f Iitciested in Api il and August PSI EF ML Metl Chi ( urtiss M 1 ight ( orporation P is sue New Jersey—lebiuiiy 1 ml 5 liiteicstod in ill engineers J hose comp lilies do not jilan lo y isit the c imiius however they ue iiiteicsed in students foi employ ment 'I ork lee ilaehineiv Coiporation foil Pi Interested in MI ChF PSI Sif 1 in Peisi nel Office by Wednesd ly lebiuiiv Ken Rad lube A I imp Corpor i tion Owensb 10 Keiituel y—Inter ested in men or yyomcn who have tiaining in physics oi eleefi le il en gineei n..
giam and the theme of the danec
inelucling the bieldiop will be i ) do honoi to the Pin eke c imj us b ind of the yen
Theta Chi
Thuisdiy il Lc i noon this w cek ill Ac ly ties Bui e lU w oi 1 eis iie urged to be piesent ai the meetin ti be liel 1 111 the A.eiiyities Bureau office Inipoi t int deeisi nis w ill be m ule it this time iegiidin„ the woil ol the Bure 111 foi the rest oi the scmcstei Anothei leison foi this iiiged ittcndanee is th it the meeting will give those woikeis who ue in dis igi eenic lit yy ith the jiiesc nt iiolieies of the Ol gariiz itioii i eh iiiee to in hen views One of the toj us ol discussion will le the activities SLi y ey w Inc h is bciii^, c ii i ic I on by this office
Drneing clisses loi studentb tint have t ikon the beginner s coin sc 1 ist semestei oi 1 now the fund imentals of cl Hieing will begin IMonday I eb luaiy 8 This course is sponsor ed by the PI A iiid classes vyill be held in the Union it 7 30 p m foi ten yyeels The entire cost oi the ks sons is $2 50 Ml Peril Allen well known dine ing teiclui throughout the Middle West w til be the instructor Ho his one of the 1 u gest cl incing classes in this part of the countiy ind has di lected clineing for many pageints ind musicals on the campus I ive dances w 11 be featuiecl this 'cmestei Coed's Carelessness
Last week the Bi rlogy Ai nex was in peril of being consumed by hie On one bright and sunny fteinoon betyyeen the hours of tyyo iiid tliiec snlol e began to poui into the up Stans looms causing much cough iim 111(1 piepaiation for flight At first the incoming smol e yy is not i heavy seieen but is the stuff .,ieyy 111 quantity one class sent an in yesti.,itin„ committee downstiis to see yy h it w ent on Most people expeeted a wild yell ol evaeuate it any minute a d ome wcio piepued to leave with out the eneoui i.,einent 1 in illy the nysteiy w is solved It c line out that some lovely yonn;, 1 idy hid ibseiit 1 jindcdlv dropped hci eig uettc nio i waste bislct befoie putting it out The p ipei in the w iste b isl Cl. quid ly binned cans mg the smoke It w is oon tilcn eaieof howevei and no nioi e dam ige done than i few eou.,hs mil seme waste cli iiosed rf It seems the si..,ii Build rigs uc new ind hud to et put out youi milch ind ci^aictlc w is a 1 tile binned ioi the niomont
soeiil fi iteinity innoiinees the initiation oi the following men L R Ai bej list louisville Ky B Iv Bliiiehud W iw ito'i Wis II F Bowni 111 Soith Bend I 1) C iss South Bend L 1 Ldwai Is Noblesville D 1 loisythe Nobles ville P G II ihn Ly iiiston III R P Kiiidei Noble sy die S I I iqipi Ilamden ( onii J k N\ glen Miehig 111 City M ( Peck White Finns N 5 \ M Pui/elt Diiien ( 11111 W I Rodciibei., Fentcivillo W J Stud Bcnlon Iliiboi Mich D G Stuhniei SouUiBcnd S A Wiinci I 11 hut I I Wis n II 1 y uistoii 111 u I J I Wolfe Noblesville
(Continued fiom page 2) ous existences and thov aie now receiving thou deseits The five precepts ot Lucldhism aic 1 SI ly not tint which has life 2 Ste il not -) Be not lustful 1 Bo not light in eonvei sation 5 Di ink not wine Buddhism was introduced into ' him in A D 67 It wis the first Univeisil religion The piineipal religions of the woikl have boi lowed mueh from Buddhism for then iitual woiship I he Roman Catholic lelmion has mueh in com mon with Buddhism such is puiga tory its Goddess of Mciey worship of relies holy wv iter and incense and litui.,y while the Dal u I ima closely resembles the Pone Other Religions There ue othoi beliefs intro diicecl into Chini sudi is I iiniism ind • Moll imniedisiii Catholicism was intiodiiced in the l“th eentuiy by Jesuits ii the Fiiin Dynasty Piotescantism was intiaducocl into China in five movements In 1807 the London Mission uy Society sent its hist mission uy to China The second was ehu icteiizecl by its wide deiioniin itnn il leproscnta tion The thud eh u icteii/ed by its oinpieheiisiveness in Christian hought The foui th by its activity 111 pi letic il service and the fifth yy IS its ste i ly sieeess in coopeia ive enteiprises Ihus Christian ic ligion IS tnight to some extent in Chini and his become the nitioiiil ieli.,ion ic 1 piesent Chii ese gen oration
(Continued from page 1) headed by the following stage 111 uiagei Elizabeth Krssinan, mas ter electrician Carroll Martindell, propeity co chairmen Jim Yingst, Walter feimons and Mary Lou Sternberg costume chairman Anne Bradley make up cochaiimen B ir biia Noid Lois Jane Vaughan master carpenter and effects ehau 111 in Wilhini Baehelcler On the Playshop managin,., board Miri anna Duke is in charge ol house pio.,ranis and ushers Richard De Long Is in charge of tickets ind Bertrand Squier is in charge ot press publicity and posicis Tiekels On Sale In the play itself wiittcn by Mixwell Andeison Quiz/ West is poiti lyed in the bmacks learning to roll dice ind get on umy time out in town whore there re too many soklieis and not cnou.,h girls it home on le ive waiting at an em bilk ition point and fighting the Japs on a rocky is'and in the South P icihc liel ets for the pi ly are 50c (fed eial tax included- and ue on sale at USO headquliters at 6th and ieiiy streets and at the Playshop box office 111 Ell/ i I owler Hall Randolph Coafs Indianapolis poitrait painter his presented i painting My Mothei to the University to be hung in the Union Building The painting was accepted by the Bo iid of Iiustees at its January meeting Coifs has punted several poiti uts that hive been presented to the University by vaiious individuals or gioups dining the list lew veais and IS well 1 now n locally
tale
Satin diy ni.,ht at 8 0 it w 11 be more thin in rthei inixei with Miuiy M il 11 ■, (lehestii dai ig the miisieil SCO e J he en ue theme oi the d uiee will be built iiound the f let tint Maiiiy is pi lying loi the dance ind tint he his jiliyed Ici most of the niixcis lor the p ist two ye us J ho intentioi of the eiitiic po
All articles in the lost and found department th it hive not been el limed by then owneis by eight tonioiiow moining will ^o on sale at that tune in loom 2o7 oi the Union This sile will i un fijin eight i in to five p ill both tomoiiow ind Thinsday Vll that will be sold i e 11 tides thit have been tuned III 11st semestei only I unco its jiekcts seiif^ ind othci utieic ol doth ng are among the mill itti icti Ills A. lai.,e num lei of null slide ink ind i tew bools list up be oltiinel As in idded itti letion to the s lie i p ui ot jr ij imas is lo be sold ilon., with the suil 11 nbii il i ns Infs slues Keisiiiille p U( will piiv ill u 111 lit ele yy 11 be s 11 toi nioii th I 2 5 111 ((nt of its Ol igi 1 value 1 lics( u ticks hive been eol Iccte 1 tic 111 the y u nils 1 Idiips (11 the cinijiis Stu k nts wlnse n lines ippe u on the list u tides i e nitified ly the Stuknt Sen ite howevei JO ] c i cent ol the lost and louiiil iitide 11 iv 0 no idciitific itnn mills md u e not i siially el umei
Notices
No Notices will he accepted for th'8 after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue Students Who would like part time work should get III touch with the Ponn of 8 Office —GOI>DSMll*l Interfraternity Presidents Council Iv^mbers may pet their council kuys at the hra* ttinity Afinirs OITiec - MORGAN Conditions Fxammations for the rentoval of conditions and mcompletes in History, Economics and Government will be held on Saturday February 6 at r p ni in room aiS Recitation Building Application must be made at the History office not later toan hmlaj Fcbiuary ' —IblEX Alpha Pill Omega Hallelujah I Keys have arrived See Bonder 264W Cary CE 41 An examination for the removal of conditions and incbmplotos m 41*111 bo hold in room 126 Heavilon Hall 1 30 tii t 30 p m Saturday Feb 6 Pormisaioh to take the examination must be obtained fiom the undersigned before Playshop Ushers All those interested in ushering for the next Playshop production The Fve of St Mark please call Fowler H 11 4200 an 1 leave name Committee m ting c tiled latei —DUKE Scabbard and Blade Meeting Wednesday, 1(1 t 10 p m in romo 368 of the Jmon Election of pledges —liDCK AK-U AWS AWS cx'cutive boaid meeting ori Thur day Feb I it 5 p m at the AWS olTice —ROBEEE Kappa Psi Meeting Wednesday Feb 3. at 7 10 P m in rcom ‘’U ot the Union —THOMS Found A yviist watch n front of the Kipia hue Owner pi asc Call 7801 and isk for Ted Blank BI ANK Gimlet Pledges and Actives Meeting Tuesday 1 eb it 1 hi I SI house at 7 P m ^MLNKB Alpha Phi Omega Important meeting fott 11 aet V thi T es 1 ly Feb 2 at 7 30 1 room 10 r> deeld d on new members 1 hear eomm tt e leiort NeWf date for dance w 11 b nnoune I —GOSSWEIN WAV Ping Pong Tournament First mateh si 1 e i 1 ly 1 b> I ob Deloca ( II tr n \ III n fink Dorothy loncs Iv hay G mpi r vs hva William^ n U B rglar bye Pat Hennis vs n Miri n I afnse vs Flizabeth Miller, Ur H 1 I n te bye Harriett Whyto \ B Itj K ng Mak yo r own arrangen nt f m lehe WATFRBURY Camera Club Sign for darkroom lookers at V t 1 I All lock r nts gned for by 1 eb 1 w 11 1 brol op n lor new mcmr b 1 -HAYWARD yy AA Shufficboard Tournament First mateh i t I e pi ly d by Feb r Hennis v Ann W t rb rv Betty King vs Eva Willi m i y (rmpiii vs Amelia Tay 1 r M k y o n 1 rrangi ments for m tcl WATERBURY All M T " Students R port to Umvertv e I r 1 I Ir ui iloim comutatiqn 110 —brown I ( rester M t ng I csday Feb 2 at 10 Mr Joss ly i f the Wells Library II 1 al 1 1 t IV 1 in Casablanea Algiei 1 1 n KelreshmenCs will be y 1 WFAVER AWS Fxecutivc Board There will be no m et U al COUNTHWAITE , V reinia C Meredith Club Boai 1 mcetnyg w 11 1 t 1 1 t 1 y 11 p m Feb 2 in the Hon ic n le I il ling ' VAUGHAN Christian Science Organization RegulaV n e t e 11 b 1 11 toi ght F b 2 in loom 10I th U 1 n II rd meeting will foi lo —SOMMER War Coun il M t Th iisday at 7 p n ti St i nt U on thee AUGSBURGER Interfraternity President s Council r n tii g 11 lay " K 11 1 t I I n -DAWSON
Iniorlnnt meeting on n All members pleaae - KUOEPLIN
DmFeb 1 at the Phi
Circulation Staff W 1 1 y t a I
1 I
Money lo loan on diamonds watchos guns liggag tvi vrit rs Alb rt Lo n Office 407 Colun b Typewriters—Add ng M leh ne ill makes sold r nt d i paiiid ind piirehased Mime og aph ork 1 ne ( I Lb rsh 11(0 Man I af y tt 1 hoi e 9 Wantesrl—St lit rt r t 1 n p 1 11 ni t( Lx|)< nenf C ill Exponent 100, \ 1 foi K o 1
Ag Ed Society Melting Wednesday gl t I 1 3 in r m 232 of the Union at so Ml Cl nn bami le will talk A|1 n 1 i rg I t attend -DAL/ELL Newman (lub D e s on Clu|> will fe I 11 W in sliy r brun y 3 at 8 p m ih 10 m ">1 , th Union All stidents ^till h 11 I g n n v I tickets i leas return the mon y or th tickets this Wednesday uy rooto It) of U Irom T 30 to 5 30 —PERRY
Ceres m nber
M t ng t p m in Union All I lease itt n 1 -HAYES
Aeromodelcrs Imp rtant mass mcetiiyg W 1 I y 11 7 10 p n in nom 80 Att 1 ne I 11 m mb rs is imperative Elett of ITie t Big surprise -DETTWYLEE
We Carry the Best in Hardware Equipment
E W VanMeter, Pres.
Phone 4354
West Lafayette
.... for Clothes Clothes are always best looking when clean and well pressed. Crown Cleaning Service will keep your clothes new looking and attractive.
FINE DRY CLFANIISC