V Si >
' ' ■■ ""-'rww I ^ ^ ^ ■ “ff?!
Editorial: A Seller's Market For Graduates
Sports: Rough, Tough Harriers At ft Again
Volume 53, No. 38
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Octobor 21,1941
Meredith Club Plans Charlie Spivak Entries For Annual
Annual Economics ‘ Meeting On Campus Home Ec Group Holds Statewide Convention Plans for the annual meeting of the college section of the Indiana State Home Economics Association to be held here on Saturday, November 1, in the Home Economics building were discussed yesterday afternoon at a meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club. Jan^ Blank, president of Virginia C. Meredith, presided at the meeting whidh featured talks by Marjorie Williamson on last year’s convention at Indiana University and by Rosemary Anderson on professional attitudes. Agnes McCulloch, state president of college Home Economics Clubs, started favors, hostess, programs, and publicity committees to work on the convention. Following the theme, “The Why of Home Economics,” the program
will be as follows;
9 a.m. Registration and tour of
. . . and his band will be featured this Friday night at the 1941 Homecoming dance to be held in both ballrooms of the Union. Dancing will be from 9 to 12; the admission price is
$1.50.
Featured vocalist with the band is Garry Stevens. Maestro Spivak himself played trumpet for such band leaders as Ben Pollack, the Dorsey brothers, and Jack Teagarden before forming his own organization. Spivak’s band has become widely known during the last year following an extended engagement at the Glen Island Casino. Speech Contest Finalists Speak Tonight, 7:30 Beveridge Cont'esf-anf's Compete For Hays Cup Finals for the Beveridge
Frosh Coed Speech Contest End Today Contestants Give First Talks Tuesday, Oct. 28 Entries for the fourteenth annual Lodde speech contest for all freshmen women must be in this afternoon at the Forensic office on the second floor
of the Union,
The preliminaries will be held Tuesday, Oct. 28 at 4 p.m. in room 308 of University hall at which time each contestant will be allowed a maximum of six minutes to discuss any subject she may desire. Judging will be done by one member of the speech department, who will pick six contestants to be in the finals.
Open To Public
The finals, which are open to the public, will be held Oct. 30 before three judges. Points will be awarded to each girl in the order she places
Tickets j All remaining reserved seats for the Homecoming game with Iowa in the Ross-Ade stadium this Saturday have been placed on sale over the counter at the ticket office in the men’s gymnasium, and are also available at Decker’s, Deac’s, and Southworth’s, according to C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. The reserved seats are priced at $2.75 each, including tax. A limited number of general admission tickets, priced at $1.00 each, including tax, are also available. The general admission tickets will admit to the north curve of the stadium, r.c.tv. University To Train Small Plant Owners In Industrial Safety WASHINGTON, D. C., Oct. 20.— Fifty-seven engineering colleges throughout the country will have
Bradley To Play For Annual Military Ball Friday, Nov. 14
Schleman Ends Will Bradley AWS Programs Tomorrow At 4
Speaking on etiquette, Miss Helen Schleman, director of WRH, will address the final session in the series of Collegiene chats tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Home Econoniics auditorium. After her talk she will answer any questions the audience may have concerning etiquette. Miss Schleman and Dorothy Stratton, Dean of Women, were coauthors of “Your Best Foot Forward,” a book of correct manners
for college students.
The chats are sponsored by AWS to aid new students in becoming
Speech Contest for freshmen in the finals. The coed placing first classes this year for the training of properly orientated on the campus.
will be held tonight at 7:30
the campus will be sponsoied by ill Eliza Fowler Hall. ComOmicron Nu, home economics hon- petitors for top honors and the orary. titles of their speeches are: 10 a.m. Introduced by Agnes Me- Robert Chestnut, “Education Culloch, state president. Nancy Por- -rtr.-fr, tti ii” tj n
ter, state vice president from De- f nine i^amo, an maepenaent stuaent. , institutions Pauw University, will introduce Make Politics a Local Pi Seta Phi has won the Lodde cup 4he rise in industrial accid,
Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Profession”; Timothy Tilton, for the last two years; if they win school of Home Economics who will “Health Hanlstrings Defense”; Wil- they will become the per-
receives a prize and the organiza- industrial employees in accident tion having the greatest number of prevention, as part of a program inpdints receives the Lodde speech augurated by the National Commitcup. tee for the Conservation of ManLamb The Victor power in Defense Industries ^-
pointed recently by Secretary of Labor Perkins. The University is in-
,.l.w.
Zouave Pledges
Last year’s winner was Bernadine Lamb, an independent student.
Zouaves yesterday announced names of 30 new pledges who have
... who will return to the campus with his band Friday, Nov. 14, for the Military Ball.
Playshop Announces Revival Of 'Our Town' Summer Session Play
Band Features 'Sweet' Swing, Boogie Woogie Will Bradley and his band have been signed to play for the annual Military Ball Friday, Nov. 14, Cadet Col. Richard Dibos, Committee chairman, announced last night. Dancing will last from 9 to 1 in both ballrooms of the Union, and the entire building will be reserved for those attending
the dance.
Tickets for the Ball will go on sale next week, with advanced military students and the reserve officers having first choice. The ticket limit has been set at 800 couples. Bradley’s band, organized little over a year, features the drumming and novelty singing of Ray McKinley and the trombone-playing of Will himself. Six-foot Terry Allen
welcome the group. Discussions liam Conlon, “The Spirit Behind then will be held. the Constitution”; John Davis, 11 a.m. Ruth Holcombe of De- “Teamwoik”; and Hugh StudePauw University will report on the baker. National Home Economics Conven- Winner Gets Trophy
The winner of tonight’s contest
Luncheon will be held in jjays Cup, pre-
sented by the Hays Jewelry Company of ^Lafayette. For the organization gaining the most points in the competition there is the Ankeny
12 noon
the Home Economics Cafeteria. 1:30 p.m. Indiana University members will present a skit. 1:46 p.m. Frances Hawkes,
be checked only by stricted attention to the correction of work hazards and by wider application of accident prevention methods which
Fashion Director of the Wm. H. trophy, to be kept for
finals. Prof. P. E. Lull of the Speech — <=-■- , ,, , a r H H — Department will present the award, prioi’ity in the second semester ^ courses wi e con uc e been appointed as a new staff mem' Students, faculty' members and practice periods and will be enteied ber in charge of a new state-wide
Block Co. of Indianapolis will give an illustrated talk on the finer points of being well dressed, titled,
“Why Bother?”
2:46 p.m. Discussion gioups will
report.
3:30 p.m. Meeting will adjourn. Colleges who aie expected to send representatives will be Indiana University, Indiana Cential College, Indiana State Teachers* College, Manchester College, DePauw University, Butler University, Evansville Teachers’ College, Ball State Teachers’ College, and St. Marys of the Woods College.
r.m.f.
Former Eds Learn To Fly At Cadet Training School Pour aviation cadets, formerly students at the University, have arrived at Goodfellow Field from Hicks Field, Ft. Worth, Texas, where they will undergo the piimary phase of their flight training. During their ten week stay at the Goodfellow basic flying school,
they will learn to fly the 450 horse- companies will be interviewing on power Vultee BT-13a. These cadets the campus: General Electric Cornwill be taught acrobatics, forma- pany, October 23, 24, and 25; Easttion, instrument, night and cross man Kodak Company, October 27 country flying. and 28; E. I. duPont de Nemours, Former students taking these October 29, 30 and 31; Goodyear courses are: Earl J. Abei, Sci. ’41; Tire and Rubber Company, October Jerome A. Juhnke, ME ’42; Earl J. 30 and 31. Disher, ME ’41; and Hugh Red- W. E. Vogler, head, ME ’43. r.e.f. Director of Personnel.
until December 5. Each team will consist of a gun squad of sopho-
one year.
Any organization placing first for three years may have peimanent possession of the trophy.
Nineteen Started
Nineteen freshmen entered the pie- under the supervision of two
liminary contest October 14, and from these the six finalists were chosen. Alpha Tau Omega, Cary Hall Southeast, Cary Hall North and Cary Hall Noithwest are the organizations represented in the
will become the
manent possessors of the cup. p.s. 16 Howitzer Squads Begin Gun Practice In Armory At4P,M, Practice for the 1941 distin-
guished 166 mm howitzer squad in announcing plans for the nationgun drill competition teams will wide safety training project, “These start today at 4 p. m. in the Armory safety training courses will give to and will be held four nights a week operators an oppor-
tunity to develop accident prevention experts from the ranks of their
regular personnel.” Congressional Funds
Classes are made possible thiough a grant of funds by Congress to the U. S. Office of Education and made available to engineering schools as a part of the defense
First night performance of Thor
finished the period of drill training ton Wilder’s “Our Town,” Play- and 19-year-old Lynn Gardner are and have passed the elimination shop’s next production, will be vocalists with the band, trials. given on Nov. 1 at 8 p. m. in Fowler Another attraction of th^ band They are: L: D: Acheson, C. E. Hall. Tickets for the production is the Bradley Boogie Woogie Trio»
accident
injuries during recent months is much greater than justified by the increase in employment and serious
wastage of the available supply of Baldwin, E. E. Bal- will go on sale Thursday for 50 which has aided the band in popularworkers m defense industries can D. M. Brenner, R. G. Dettman, cents each. izing “Beat Me Daddy Eight -To
E. E. Forslund, E. S. Gordon, R. L. The play was well received when The Bar,” and other boogie-woogpe Hayes, G. Houston, G. Kaufman, R. presented by the summer school tunes. The band also plays “sweet”
Tiaughery, W. C. Les- students and Playshop reports that music, comparable to Tommy Dor-
have "been develoned'^rnd^ Meacham, hopes are held out for an improved sey’s. successfully in some of the leading ^e^yger, L. M. Millholin, E. F. performance, since the same cast Maestro Will Bradley was
successtully in some ot the leading c. K. Nacke, D. Paden, R. will be used
industries.” Secretary Perkins said ^ « -Aumv n
E. Parker, L. S. Phillips, G. E. - - —
for-
Junior Cadet Officers and will prac-
tice twice a week.
A shortage of guns and an unusually laige turnout made it necessary to eliminate ten teams by lot before the starting of practice.
These ten teams will be given flist teaming piogram. While the safe-
Schmidt, V. L. Singleton, A. G. Spriggs, R. Stallings, R. H. Udl, R. A. Unger, and H. P. Voth. j.t.k. Captain Kline Begins Duties As Coordinator Of Defense Industries
merly a member of such musical or-
Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael, di- ganizations as the bands of Andre rector of Playshop, will supervise Kostelanetz, Raymond Paige, and the production of “Our Town.” Fol- Nat Shilkret. Following radio and lowing are the cast and their roles: recording performances, Bradley’s Becky Ann Pervine, Emily; Laura band is now making a tour of colWeimar, Mrs. Gibbs; Virginia ^^ges and universities. It appeared Webb, Mis. Webb; Caiolyn ^ood, here last May for the Cary Club
Mrs. Soames; Sarah Andrew, Re- formal, f.i.j.
in that semester’s competition. All team executives should contact Lt. Baum at the Armory immediately for their schedule of
practices, j.t.k.
Kendall, Edwards Model At Camera Clab Meeting All membeis of the Camera Club are requested to biing their cameras and plenty of film to their meeting in the West Faculty
During the next two weeks these Lounge of the Union tomoiiow at
7:30 p. m. j Two girl models, Baibara Kendall, Delta Gamma, and Mardelle Edwaids, Alpha Chi Omega, will be present and each member will have an opportunity to arrange the lights in his own way to take portiaits. This will furnish a good chance to get some portiaits for the Pall Exhibit next month, j.t.k.
townspeople are invited to attend
the contest.
Seniors
All Engineering and Science Senior Men who have not returned their company lists should get them in immediately, so that no seniors who wish to interview the following companies will miss the opportunity to
schedule tlieir interviews.
gmeermg colleges instiuctors will . industries, es-
be selected from a list of thoroughly
experienced safety engineers who p,otectior have actually worked in the field of President Elliott an-
accident pievention. j tndav
Secietary Pe Jins said that the “pointed by the University Pubentire mem Jrshlp of ^the National institute, Capt. Kline has
Committee for Je Conservation of
Industries, work in cooperation with
with Its 400 sajty engineer Joan J Council. by industry, plus a paid field staff, ^ntil recently he has been in charge
of protection work at the Chailes-
town powder plant.
Three Phases
The broader piogiam which he
becca; George Cummins, Stage Manager; V. E. Lafuse, Dr. Gibbs;
R. L. Burtner, Mr. Webb. Sterling Shaw, Constable War-
ren; Wally Reynolds, Howie Newsome; Haskell Metz, Simon Stimpson; Harold Martin, Prof. Willard; Asher Levin, Sam Craig; Don Brophy, Joe Stoddard. Other roles will be played by Carol Bals, Cor-
. ... rine Henderson, Paul Lull, Warren their plant protection Hallobaugh. k.r. ^rp.siident Elliott an- °
Captain Kenneth E. Kline has
Cadet Officers To Hold First Smoker of Year Tomorrow Evening
will actively assist the local engineeiing colleges with this project. Air Corps Program On WBAA Features Hockema, Graham
First cadet oflBcers’ smoker of the year will take place at 7 p. m. tomorrow, in the Union. The purpose of the smoker is to promote unity, understanding, and good fellowship
among the officers.
Col. Beere will be the principal
Dean A. A. Potter will address speaker and will awai’d the U. S. the AIEE at its first regular meet- Artillery Association medal,
t^e Albert Smifh Trophy Medals, and the Frank M. Cary cup. Other
Dean Potter Will Address AIEE Meeting Tomorrow
254 of the Electrical Engineering
Building.
features of the program will be the
plant or industiial protection train ing piogiams; assistance in administer mg these units; and establish-
In order to acquaint the student j^g^t of reference libraries of mabody with the newly formed avia- pertaining to industiial pro-
tion cadet unit for the U. S. Army, tedion.
composed entirely of Boilermaker j^line, a retired army of-
will conduct will include three phas- Students and Defense.” All es of service in the plant piotection students who are interested are in^
field; designing and assistance in yjted to attend, j.t.k.
showing of pictures, slides, and movies taken at summer camp; singing by the University Glee Club; and a “bull session” between Battery “A” and Battery “B.” R. E. DeGarmo and W. L. Sullivan will represent Battery “A” while F. N.
. . . benefit bridge will be held to- Graf and H. F. Graebner will uphold moirow at 2 p.m. in the Faculty Battery “B.” lounge of the Union. The card party Cigarettes ,cigars, and gum wiR
Delta Gamma
flyers. Professor F. C. Hockema, as- studied dectiical engineering sponsored by the Delta Gamma be given out during the course
Puttering Room Features Pictorial Cavalcade Of Growth And Development In Movie Industry
By Ken Roquemore
Something novel in the line of exhibits came to the campus Sunday from the Museum of Modern Art in New York. This display, which is being sponsored by the puttering room, is a portrayal of the history of the American Movie from its beginning in 1896 to the present day. It is being shown in the east reception room of the Union and will last for three weeks. This exhibition was jointly organized by the department of circulating exhibitiops and the film library of the Modern Art Museum and contains over 120 pohtos of the highspots in American film history.
Movies Grow Up
Most of us weren’t here during the first early struggles movie industry and more
tions. We fail to realize that the dufied during the career of the mo-
film industry has grown to its pres- tion-picture, such as close-ups, go into the flying service. To date ent size in the comparatively shoit cioss-cutting, fade-outs, fade-ins, over a score of applications have
time of 46 years. Today Hollywood angle and tracking shots and uses
produces an average of 600 films a of more effective lighting,
year, many of the larger studios The exhibition is divided in four averaging a film a week. sections: Early Beginnings, DeThe display shows for the first velopment from 1903 to 1918, A time the inventions and technical World Industry, and The Sound developments which are responsible Film. The first two sections porfor the rapid growth of the modern tray some important examples of motion-picture. Among those pre- early motion pictuie development sented are illustrations of the first including an early Edison feature, attempts at photographing motion, an early animated cartoon, The Edison’s kinetescope, the first stu- Birth of a Nation and some Chailie
dios, set constructions, peep shows Chaplin movies, and the first theatres designed to More Recent Films
project movies on a screen. The second half includes films of New Photography Ideas the twenties and thirties which will
Along with this, there are stills be more familiar
sistant to the president of the Uni- ^4. Mississippi A. & M. college. In veisity, will interview Captain John 4.4^^ gained expeiience orJ. Graham of the University Mili- ganizing, training, and dii’ecting tary Department tonight over jnihtaiy police work. He has been WBAA at 7:15 o’clock. instructor in military science and Captain Giaham, member of the 4.^^4.jj.g ^4. Rutgers Univeisity and military staff, who is co-opeiating jq^^j^th and South Dakota Universiwith the Army on the new unit, will 4.4^3^ gjuce his retiiement from acanswer Prof. Hockema’s questions 4.^^^ duty he has done personnel
concerning the future for m^n who al.s.
Alumnae Association, will be awarded, h.e.
Cash prizes the evening. Dress is informal and
unif 01 ms will not be worn, d.c.p.
been distributed for the unit which will be composed of 20 cadets,
d.e.b. *
Playshop Chooses Cast For Next Play Tryouts for the next Playshop production will be held in Fowler Hall tomoirow and Thursday at 4 and 7 p.m., according to William L. Deam, assistant diiector of Play-
shop.
Kappa Alpha Theta
Your Typical Freshman Coed Arrives Here Heavier, Healthier Than Her Predecessors; She Doesn't Smoke
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation Sunday afternoon of
Lucie Ann Johnson, Maiy Helen iq freshmen girls each year
Pohlman, Jean Hagemeyei, Pat McLoughlm, Betty Neisler, and Janice
Robei ts.
By Jane Rarasdell , „ „ , . - Healthier coeds are coming to the won-y and nntmitgi
campus every year, accoiding to the
reports of the questionaires given horseback riding, clubwwM,
Christian Foundation To Hold Masquerade Purdue Chiistian Foundation will
This knitting, music, and hiking. Only
year’s average coed is five feet three three indicated that they spent inches tall and weighs about 124 ‘heir leisure time loemg. but ttfce pounds. As compared to the 117 niay change Last year at the en<t pound girls of ten years ago, this f semester, 96% of the is quite an increase, probably due J^shmen women averaged eight to the more comfortably styled J « indulging m this hO-
clothing worn and the incieased
participation in spoits. Some of the Fewer Cl Grades
sponsor a Hallowe’en masquerade added pounds may be the result of Only five freshmen receivB4 g 0 this Friday night, October 25, at 8. better appetites and snacks between health grade which means th%i# The theme of this party will be built meals. below par physically, while'
teen received this grade laiit
and goblins. * The age of eighteen remains pre- Four girls receiver^ a grade of d»
epic ing place at alonely barbeque and Officers urge all students to start dominant, and the majority of those which means they will not he ft]t-
The play to be cast is “The Pet-
. . . shows rified Forest,” by Robeit Sherwood, around the age-old idea of spooks They’re Mostly Eighteen
of the from 90 of the inoi'e important films more recent trends in Hollywood a drama of love and gangsters tak
or less produced since the founding of the and depicts the growth of
take for granted the peifection of rnovie industey. The purpose of films, westerns, documentaiy films, gas station in the Arizona desert. planning their costumes. Those who entering do not smoke. The 21.1 per lowed to take regular physical tdl* sound, color and staging in our these is to show the innovations in animated cartoons, musical ex- Everyone interested in an acting come without Hallowe’en dress will cent who do smoke average six cig- ucation activities; last ye«r pfesent'day motion picture produc- photogiaphuig which were intro- travaganzas and newsreels. part is welcome to trg out, be forced to “walk th§ plank” r.ed:. arettes a day. Miss Pmduc seems were ten ift this catei^or^*A Ram Opportunity^ „
sign pinned tft his. stnn-spanglpd i
f wasn’t: long ago that college seniors on Hie threshold of graduation adopted as their slogan “WPA, here we come.” Jobs .were apnpce and many a college graduate after
.wIIaa:
Wanted back.”
This year seniors are going to receive more employment offers than ever before,, and.salr aries will also be higher. Many,/With little
liniStyeshs of .job hunting was glad to get any gQjjggjjjjjjjg .{.jjg ]jg type of work that came along. But now the into, the companies offering the most money.
iscene has changed; opportunities for employ- Although jobs ^vyon’t be hard to find, the task two page affair, but mpst of the 'ment areJilentifuk and the seniors now find of deciding on ope of several offers wijl be ex- goingS-on were of such a nature themselves in the enviable position of having tremely difficult. that they wouldn’t look good in employers beg for them. Recently the Personnel Service asked en- even if we could print .’em. From an Associated Collegiate Press arti- gineeriiig Seniors to list the eompanies dh4y anOyTe few cle comes the information that universities, desired to interview, ■ and many for the'first who stayed home, technical schools, and colleges are unable to time-realized how very little they knew abopt * * * meet a third of the demands being made on thevarious employers that will visit the cam- Eoom 106 of the Ghittenden Ho--them for trained workers. E. E. Crabb, presi- pus. If an intelligent selection of a job is to tel and 402 of the Fort Hayes were dent of Investors Syndicate, reports, “Al- be made, those seeking employment must se.- popular spots Saturday night,
though American institutions of higher learn- cure this information. Both the library and f.
mg are meeting two-thirds of the demands the Personnel Service have pamphlpts and touchdowns, if the casual onlooker op them for trained men, they are not satisfy- articles abopt spme of the large companies, had asked some of the Phi Belts ipg requests for some industries, and in some and the Service is now gathering additional present, namely Bob AVeinfurtner,
regions, by any such proportions, data concerning many industrial organiza-
‘One western Pennsylvania institution, tions. Much can be learned by talking to in-
tpld we had won by seven touch-
downs.
asked about the percentage of technically structors ; most of them have had practical
trained graduates it was able to supply, ans- experience in industry, and can give helpful ^ faniiliar sight presented itself wered that ‘as early as last February corpor- suggestions. The more information obtained, at the Fort Hayeyin the person of ations recruiting on our campus demanded the better the chance of narrowing the posr Frank Reddie, formerly of the es3,500 young engineering graduates, though sibilities down to the best one. tablisWent on the Fast side known our June graduating class could not exceed However, this is a job that must be done Lamb’s. His smiling face and soft
235 graduates’,” said Grubbi A Connecticut liberal arts college replied, ‘employment demand is the largest in our 60 year history.’ On an Iowa campus twice as many engineers were sought this year as in 1938. From, a Texas university came the declaration, ‘ten times as many firms recruited here this year as ever before.’ Typical of California comment was the statement, ‘Our difficulty is to find enough candidates available to recommend when,job
openings are called to our attention.’
Defense and allied industries are making tion, no waiting in outer offices, and no ex- ^week-end reading “Better Homes the peatest increase m number of demands, pensive and troublesome traveling. Here is a b» finding the road after that. They ^scoe “of thrunkin’’StarS rose but in addition to industrial opportunities are chance to select the job for which he is best made it at any rate as anyone who Jjj all his might yesterday and civil service positions. “Uncle Sam, in. the fitted. It is up to each individual to see that went to the Ionian Room of the J^^de this statement for the press: guise of the United States Civil Service Com- he takes full advantage of the opportunities l>eshler-Wallick^wiil pttest. ‘T hereby give the Pi Phi’s twenty, mission, is making the rounds of the Nation’s for making the valuable contacts offered this -ntn ■, x, • ^ four (24) hours to GET OUT!” We and nnivpr^il ip^ with a hno-p TTpln vpar While things were raging at Co- reason for this is the last colleges and universities with a huge Help year.- Jane Robinson kept things Serenade the DU’S gave them.
moving here by putting out her Pi
, ,, . ,1 , . musii; must have brought back by the senior if he wants to make a choice ^^ny *fond memories to ^^tge based on fact, not guesswork. Otherwise he study who was there in all her will blindly accept the highest salary offered, glory with Topi Cahill. Meanwhile, The Personnel Service can arrange his inter- th^ i’oommates..6f these two—“Slick views and give him the necessary data, but Rwhard” DeGarmo and Gmny O’It cannot be expected to decide which offer the more important business he should accept. of pin-pushing. Yep, Dick finally
At no other time in his life will the senior got around to it.
have a. chance to interview men from so many
different firms under such favorable condi- ' Om Thetas made quite a
tions. There is no need for letters of applica-
10:00-^News
10:10—Curio Man
10:16—Music
10:30—A A Presents U ip:46—Theatre of Song 11:00—“Principles of Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss 11:50—Purdue News 12:Q0—AgWctilturpl Foruna 12:15—Meet the Band ' 12:46—Markets 1:0p—Souvenirs / 1:30—Betty Wedge—singer 1:46—Music ■ , 2:00—A Story a Day 2:16—Parent Forum 2:30—Virginia Ulrey—singer 2:46—Treasure Chest
3:0P—New^ 3:10—Music :
3:16—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-Up
4 :p0—Tea 'Time Tunes
4:16—^Heard in thp Hallway 4:30—David Simpson—pianist 4:46—Little Miss Muffet
6:00—Just Relax .
6:16—Employment Service
5 :$0—Vespers
5:46—Curio M^u
5:50—News
6:00—Dinner Music
6:30—Sports
6:45—The Magic Carpet 7:00—Religious Drama
7:16—Music
7:30—Carolyn Wood—singer 7:46—Music Without Words —
Mildred Johpson
8:00—Stpry of the Opera 8:30—Eventide Echoes
8:46—Sapred Musip
9:00—Carl Hedburg’s Band
• 9:30—Music 9:50—News
New Freshmen Ottrs
luat^ar'to Editor
r I
Dek^ Editor
The followiftg is quite a fitting , :
poem and will be especially appre- Fouii '■
dated by the chemical engineefs
who attended the regular chemical Nation chose thpir ^ ^
engineering summer school this past r
summer. I managed, to get a copy,
but am sorry I don’t know who the f‘^hel, vice president; Catherine
renpiwhed ^Opt'was wrote this versd’jnCideiltAlly, it'ean be sung
to the tune “Thanks For the'Mem- f-Ti S ories” ' " ' •man; J.eneyipye Sfchwp.idler^
- Thknks f6r the memory of sum^ The new officers were chosen from
mer at Purpue
And pretty girls too few. And probleWis, heat, mosquitoes, and instructors heckling you. Yes, thank you so much. Thanks for the memory of sweaty
shift? and shorts
And Wiseefacky reports.
ia'"
npmmaj;|pns ma.ijp' .’ at.;
meeting' ‘which iy.a^ All early breakfast the same morning, k.r. ■ '■
PTA
, ^ . Prpfessor M, I). Stpe);;
Arid Maying up all night to finish gf University speeph,,i|p^’he^r.* on x„ ciinjc,. spoke pn “Helpipg , jh^
Speech and Hearing of a Defective Ghild,’^’ last night at the, moritHljf meeting of the Franklin Schdoll PTA, in East Chie'qgp.; ■.'.v .v! ■ Preppdjrig. the Miss jlaygq Shover, speech CQrrectipq. pqppi?-
It wasn’t so swell while it lasted— yisg^. gf ■ Egst' Ch|cqgp pqlpTlc
that going to school at eight - • ' *
A half an hour late;
30-page reports
Yes, thank you so much.
oh, few are the times that we
feasted, _ _
And many’s a breakfast we fast-
ed.
Arid thanjss for the memory of off tp bed qt three For an English'grade of “C,’^ Arid writiri’, sweatin’, swearin’ for“Look hpre, a goddqni “P” 1 I ! ” So thank youSaysWho!!! E. E. S.
schppis,' showed a mpfiop pictqfp df, the speech rehahilitatipn 'prpgrhm;. 'in the puhlip sc})pols of Bffst Qi)ir cqgo. q.l,S.: .. . ■ ■ -..'.T ':v/' ’
FRATERNitr bOlLETINS Menus, Pa]ger Napkl|ls.iind Nibroc Paper Towels '■ PBoNi: 782a. LAFAYETTE PRINTING Cg
WABASH HOTEL
Cooper
Bob Hall spent the
e
MERRY-40'
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
he has been in a stew which way to jump. What cautious statements he has made have been of an isolationist tpnor anj he has been considered in the
ti” fold.
ials at the expense of pur Latin Phi pin on Les. Cook, Phi Belt American Good Neighbor policy and pledge. First date too. Maybe it’s
the British blockacie. The way the plan works is this: The Nazis get a friendly neutral European country to approach a.
a good thing she didn’t go to Ohio State. Over at the Kappa House, JOan
But after some secret polling in South Ameripan government with key sections of the State, Dewey .an attractive offer to buy a large finally became convinced that if he quantity pf goods.' Ostensibly the wants to be governor he will have purchase is for the neutral, but acto disassociate himself clearly and tually it is for Germany, to whom definitely from any isoiationist the goods would be trans-shipped taint. once they crossed the Atlantic. So, after the municipal elections. One suspected deal of this kind he will take the plunge in a speech was uncovered in El Salvador, in carefully staged to ensure the Central America.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY RQWOY, RACY, RIQIQPS!--
widest publicity. Gracias, Senora
The famous Brazilian artist Candido Portinari recently painted a portrait of Mrs. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., who, accompanied her movie star husband on a good-will tour of
Latin America.
When the portrait was completed, the artist sent it to her, but much to his surprise the portrait came
bouncing back, with
20.—The which Mrs. Fairbanks
Dewey Plans Speech
Endprsing Aid To Nazi Foes, Opening Battle For Governor's Chair
WASHINGTON, Oct..
Republican isolationist logjani is since her husband had been out of <^ebt for aid in the civil war. Authorslowly but steadily breaking up. work for some months, and was de- ities strongly suspect that Spain is Another big chunk will soon cut'voting his time to the service of merely acting as a secret “front” loose in the person of Tom Dewey, his country (Douglas is in the Nayal that the cotton is sought for Shortly after the New York City Reserve), she found it impossible Germany arid not Spain, elections, the dapper little District to buy the portrait. The price was If is true, and the cotton got
The Spanish Minister there offered to buy 6,000 bales of cotton from the government. With its export trade in the doldrums because of the war, El Salvador would like very much to make a sale of this size. But authorities are skeptical of the ultimate destina-
tion of the cotton.
Fascist Spain is closely associa-
letter in fed with Nazi Germany. Also, Gensaid that eral Franco is heavily in Hitler’s
Attorney, who is voluntarily quitting this job which gave him his political start, will make a speech in \yhich he will desert the isolationist
camp.
Dewey will not go all the M'ay iVith Wendell Willkie, GOP titular leader, who has come out for declaration of war against Hitler. But he will endorse the policy of aiding foes of Nazism and will call for national unity behind the President. Behind the scenes, Dewey ha.s been wobbling on the foreign Issue for some time. With his eye fixed on the New York gubernatorial race next year as a stepping stone for another try at the presidency in 1941,
$500. With a gesture which only a Latin could conceive, Portinari calculated the number of hours Mrs. Fairbanks had spent in sitting for the portrait, multiplied it by the hourly wage of an artist’s model and sent her a check. Then he gave the portrait to his two-year-old daughter. Note: Portinari is now painting a series of murals for the Hispanic Foundation of the Library of Congress in Wqshington. New Nazi Schemes U. S. Intelligence authorities have uncovered a new Nazi scheme to get desperately needed raw mater-
across the Atlantic, it would be a double triumph for the Nazis. They would have thumbed their nose both at our Good Neighbor policy and the British blockade. Note: Real inside reason for the War Department’s seizure of 18 bombing planes bound for Peru was not the announced one —that they were needed for hard-pressed Russia. The planes were diverted because Peru has been bombing open cities in Ecuador, which has no aircrift to retaliate. Lend-lease armaments are being withheld from both until they settle their bor-
der squabble.
The secret pow-wow of the eleven (Continued on page 4)
fiwuiwL £xp0nsmL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, urideri the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at tlie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subncripBens, $4.00.
Editor-In-Chief.. Itfewa Editor SpurtH Editor
..PJed A. Ochiltree , Businesfi Manner.......... ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor I’hil Johnson Cued Editor
Publication Staff
AHsociale EdilorH Editorial Staff; J. V, Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, 11. ti. Hadley. F.'l. Joins. H. G. Kieper. Bporta Staff: 0. T. Clniii, J. O. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. |Cae4^Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Kamsde^l. * Fhooec Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; I EdffRtial After 10 P. M., 5377
JjfJaht IWItor: ArpptronK ' jlilftVf; Epaueiiiip.re
AA’
Tuei^dld^9 October 21 f 1941'
mm
W^ mw v\y'^#VV itk ' ^ or
Pyf Ri^tefs Prepare
- ''''\ ' By Bill CassadS' ■
iuauii^-6ii; thi^ of thiei?? third' con^(?t|ti:ye;!h<^^i-e^e viftlbri^ thi^. BbilOrmaker cross country te'ain has begun prep> parafio»a-^b^'Wei^^om|hi^ i»ie6t ^ith the-WM^BPW ■ thilBS-Week in Madisph for what shouad-;|irO\^Werwake^ trinflaph Ba^gpr
thus far this yoap.
';j^li^iqi^j:tlft}''tte^,^6^ - ‘ ■ '''’ - -v.,. ,-
peak' wheti if dpieat^: this Hooaiers ^ ,ali'lB]ii?pttiin'||jip,i^. fyepk .ggp,'it; Was >
evfen ii^ore impressive -vyhpn it gpy- t . ‘ the first five places Cam, ffvlW^»fllTrfJTt^ at Cplunil^ils; pgainpl;,"the BHPll^yps ■ f f f
ermart w,as fir'sf' ■vKithHhfe f hat time : . With ;its,gridiron ^ cpppif r-
Tiam
thmdj ahk kgach and'Kfemp/qf Pur-, " . . . , i wiii diliirt a#:fi|i)lj(p#^tiyeiy,^^ by the bhlhant battle.
e th? WisSPH^b crops couh-
against Ohio State, Purdue's foot
try'S'has'S'^mi^ltr^g tim sgu^ iaupch^s^: «pti^ la^t few years, there seems to be f«^the .H^W^oming tussle « mJhihg overwbeljning to fear judg- be^ Satodajr^iJh^ cg^fhl ing frdih oM'iipnfbFmdnlies this revioyy (^m^takes thgt showed up
season by the Badgers. 'TwO years j ^g^'*ist the Buckeyes,
ago Chuck Penskl led‘the Madison, Cpacb Mai Elward had nothing' force to a conihtenpe'championship i bgt prame fqr the gsh^t CPblbb^^k fi)]^ the first tjme in a number of l<)f the ^ojl^akers hh'^t^ b^lftmd' years, but since his graduation half whi')^, hh4 the Buckeyes behg^ , therb'hag bein'h lethpJthdUtstap^r ing oh ,the x^ses at the final ghh. ing long digtance rjjpnprs at Wis- He was particularly ^plea,sed With consin, the showing, of .*4ve’§phhomorekWho! BWeters, Poigt For Victory • started the game—Boh JohiisOh, With victories oyer Jllipois, In- Barry French, Boh flajzyk, Henjiy diana, and Ohio State so far this Smpek, and: Frhhcikj^eakim. Ag a se^^h) in that order it Ipoks Very x'esult pf theit ehO^lh.^?, hB fltc pf probable that the Riveters tvill ah- the neWcoihers are expected to again nex a Conference^ Cross Country, draw starting assignments agairist
Champiphship thlS fell nhlesk some'- the Havfkey.eg. '
thihg unforspen pecurs. Sibhe the ^‘Ipwa is bpupd to b,e pn' the re- : three above hiehtiohed teams are bound'after that Wisconsin setthe oply pnps apt to'eausp ahy trou- back,” warned Elward. “The Hayfkble. Boilermaker chances look good eye teapi that we m'efet rvifl ho ’in in,deed* ’ the same frame of mind as the Bolder man’s victory at Cplunibus eleven that outplayed Michigan two
is pia^fi'pgcn nlftre outstanding when, weeks ago;”
h|s margin of victory and time are Corcaptain Tpm, Meltpn, whose examined, II® fini,^h®d a full 330 brilliant play was one of the main y^rds ahead of his teammate Woody factors in; the Buckey® rally, apAppleton, running the first mile in peaged to be the dnly casualty of tl|e time of 4:S3 whiph is remark- the game. Melton hak a pulled tena^e in itself. Although this may >^qjj Jjj bih ankld that vydi keep hiin ihpi®gt® ®R,®;.-hl,kn.;t®giri ,.t9 .®9!n® out of practice until Wednesday at pdfiple, an investigation of the time least, and there is Some question of, the other men proves this quite whether he' will be able to start
fmse. w.h.c. against the Hawkeyes.
The Perry Printers
Printing in Tune With' the Times
Phone 7804
382 hjorthwestern Ave.
1i^ Qn New Alpha Kappa Lambda distance runners will be out to hold their championship in ‘ fraifernity crosscdtintry competition this afternoon When the anmiai Inter-Fraternity Cross-Ceuhtty Run is held this afternoori prt the short varsity cpUrse. Fi^Kappa Alphal last year's run-net-uyi', has let it' he known thgt it is gunning for the figure trophy alko.' IhstruCtions; and issuance of numbers in the Fieldhouse'lobby at 4 o’clpck wHl BFccedp tbe rup, which starts at 4:20 p;m, at the extreme ehdi of. Ruggell St., near the three
hole golf course.
Four mep, from each prganizsatiop may enter the race, three beipg able to score for their fraternity. Chief ‘M. L.^ Clevatt, .apnpupces that 25', participatioii pdiiits will be av^arded each tpam finishing, three men, “even "if they have tp walk in,” k-C-b.
Dean L. E. Hpffppap, actipg associate (Jirectpr of state aF^i^nltural extjepsipp. work, returned tp the canj^us yesterday Piomjpg after a fiverday topr pf the state ip, the ipterpsts of thp U. S, Departpient of Agriculture State Defense pBard. culture State Defense Board. Dean Hoffman visited Rensselaer, Rochester, Fprt "Waype, Mpppip ap(} Crkwfordsville on successive days, ’conferring with the County defense boards located in thfese cities. The 'conferences were held for the purpose of discussing the state agricultural, defense prograni. a.p.h,
IM Schedule
TOUCHBALI, Tuesday, October 21 FieM1 Pki Delta Theta vs Theta Tall Captain 2 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Chi 3 §,h^ta Chi vs Delta Tau Delta Sieypr i Sigtha Pi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Noland 5 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Rafferty 6 Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Dane 7 Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Psi Zehrihg 8 Theta Tau. vs Sigma Chi Stephens SOFTBALL Diamond 12 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Olde-Janes umpires TENNIS . Court 4:15 11 Sicner vs Eden 12 Wells vs Gibbons 13 Collins ys Sph^at 14 Walsh vs 'Ross qr Sells 15 Roth vs Meqh 16 Hutchins vs Tormohlen 17 Cohen vs Rodgers or Sells 18 Crofts vs Stallings
®GrWai?ia‘‘ * > ■ Tecelived much; ^ttenhibh ybsfieTd&y %ft' ernoon;thd'>' BdiiepiEftuker g4d; initial dnlk‘ih ■ prepsiaitioh' for fee Hqmecoming ■ g^.rhe With Df . E4die Andefefe'S^'’Hawkeye • eleven nexl? ■ B9ifei’*#y, afterno'pn. 'ThC, Ciifeirh; Bifiiiad was in firip Ihi^lts' fdllp'Wihg ’feeir gal-: lant fight against the highly touted Buckeyes in which thby came within hii' ' eyelgsh’ of springin gone of fee nlajor tipsets of the current grid sea-
':son. ■ Passes, More Passes
If any doubts ever existed in the minds of Boilermaker football followers, as^ to -whetber the Riveter coaching staff would continue to lay increasing eiUphasis pn aerial attack, whiph proved so potent iii the clashes with Pitt and Ohio State, they would h^ve bpen dispeliod im- ’ mediately,when the squad went to work yesterday afternoon. Led by ‘Kenny Smock, Whose fine performanPe in the battle at Columbus wiiriinger long, in the memories Of all;tho^e who,were fortunate enough to iqm their way into Memorial Stadium, the Boilermaker taackfield literally rpiried fpotballs on the
practice field.
Not to be outdone by the shurpshopting Smock,' the other Riveter halfbacks, Topy Berto, Marion Carter, Bob Chester, Walt Cook, Ed Cycenas, and Francis Meakim also spnt many long, spiraling heaves down the field where they were gathered into the waiting arms of the Boilermaker receivers. Garter Continues Workouts The presencP of “Red” Carter Was a comforting sight, even though the shifty little halfback must still take things a trifle easy until he completely recovers from the injury which he received in the battle with Pitt in the Smoky City. ' Yesterday’s practice session was open to-the student body, and the handful who turned out paid particular attention whenever “Frosty” Sprowl, whose sensational catch of Kenny Smock’s long aerial in the Buckeye clash set up the second Boilermaker touchdown, sped down the field to snare the pigskin in the long passing drill. Pollowirig the aerial rehearsal, Mai Elward, the Boilermaker grid
y1
How to Win iFnends
in one easy lesson
Treat yourself and oth||| to
Wrii^ey's
Spearmlint Qupi. Swell to p^ew.
$ bi'eafh sweet, teeth bright. Tk Fkmr LoM
Bhst.Whbk’kfhfeiiy biwilh^ coriir , ;peiiti9li pfeSd'with' W. Hj bfQwh’ 'of ^feiisbhkSy leaking' the \ individiigl iiil}’-?rpllers .iVith a h'ign sborp pf 208 points fpii his game. Brown red‘'th|fe|'A^V Exteheibh; team into a close sebon'd 'behind; the leading Ciijil Engihe'eifing'' howling squad, which garnered’'2404 points, _ , Thp' Ag. Fkffe^ipners carried off fepni^' .igume hpnofs with ^34 ppints, f ollpwbB by Highway ResearOh with 831.\ Total’ rpsuits -are listed below: :> ,£ '■ High Team Sets. (liyilj Ettgr. .>..2404 Asifi' Extension .j....;...;.....:.....;. ,:2386 Elec. Engr- 2 .;.2348 Executive 2339 High Ind. Sets Liskey ..,558 Hoefer. ; i.....64'4 Lee 542 Gulp '..... 637 ■ ' , ' Hjgh Team Games. Agr. Extension 834 Highway Research 83t Executive 830 Animal Hush. ....824 High. Ind, Gam^s .Brown, W. H 208 'Lee '. 204 Hpefer 1 : ?. 203 Barihauer ; 20p ■ LEAGUE STANDING Won Lost Animal Hush ....11 4 Agf. Extension ; 11 4 Daity 2 .11 4 Recitation ...10 5 Physics’ 10 5 Agr. Engr. ......10 5 Executive ...10 6 Horticulture 2,..;. 8 7 English : 8 7 Highway Research ,.... 8 7 Pait^ 1.; 8 7 phemistry 1 8 7 Agr. Exp. Sta. 8 7 General Engr. 7 8 Idech. Engr.' , 7 8 Agr. Chem. 3 7 8 Poultry 7 8 Agronomy .......... 7 8 Chgm. Engr. ; 7 8 Civil Ehgr. .' 7 8 Elec. ^ngr. 1 i...... 7 8 Horticulture : : 7 8 Forestry 7 8 Agr. Chem. 1 7 8 Hlec. Erigr. 2 6 9 Biology ; 6 9 Farm Mgt. 6 9 Speech 6 9 General Stores 6 10 Agr. Chem. 2 6 10 Chemistry 2 5 10 Pharmacy 3 12 High Team Set tp Date, Animal Hush. 2546. High Team. Game to Date, Civil Engr.
905.
High Weekly Ind. Game, Brown, W. H. 208. ■ High Ind. Weekly Sets to Date Stuckey 625 Spenper 607 Liskey ; 587 Hjgh Ind. Weekly Gaines tp Date Spencer 224 Kemmer 223 Hoefer : .'... 223
mentoz*, divided the squad into teams and set them to work in polishing up their running plays. As soph as he was satisfied with the precision with which his men executed the running attack, Elward pitted two squads against each other and an intensive scrimmage was soon under way. Offense Clicks The benefits of the lengthy offensive drills were quickly discernible, as the offense repeatedly broke through for lopg gains. Judging by yesterday’s workout, the Boilermakers will present a powerful attacki both on the ground and through the air, which bodes ill for the boys from Iowa, r.w.k, • PATRONIZE EXPONENT
• Wb Should We’ve nevei' seen the Purdue student body as after game as they were Saturday; Why? Because it w^s a team that lost, a team that had pep and vigor, a team that c^hte tgiCK agpinst almost insurmountable odds to rush the Buckeye® ofl their fe^ in the second half. ■ ‘ The way the Boilermakers were battling the second haB thejr '#01^ have beaten Minnesota, if they could play that way for 60 mihntt^. were tackling hard and low, hitting the Ohio backs so hard that th|^ hated to get up, knocking the daylights out of them. It’s awfnllji hhi£ to beat a team like that. That’s true Boilermaker spirit, the sttrff thaii; won them that nickname by their fighting play years ago. It’s the that makes a winner. • It Takes Two Waives But neither ourselves nor the team should be satisfied with just com* ing close, in losing to a team that is NOT better than we are. In' this, respect the outcome was indeed disappointing, ' AU through the season we have maintained that the Boilermakers were better than just a good team this year. They stfould have beeil playing like that in the first two games. If they had played like that in the first pair of games and in the first half of the Buckeye tilt thev would be undefeated today. And if they continue to play like that they will go the rest of the way undefeated, yes, even against Fordham* " Every game on the rest of the schedule is going to he a battle, Iow$ should bounce back awfully, awfully tough. After all, they'outgained and nearly beat Michigan, didn’t they? Then come toughies Fprdbam, Michigah . State, 'Vy'iscopsin, and Indiana in order. • A Gre^f Nii4 Purdue’s 1941 170 piece band made a super showing at the game Saturday. In every respect they were very close to perfectipn, Ohio State fans are as rabid about their bpnds as they are about their teams. With this in mind, the following quote from ope of the Columbus papers te a sterling tribute tp the Boilermaker band, “For one of the few* timas in its career the famed Ohip Sjate hapd met a musical aggregatipn that was a worthy match. And the battle of the bands was at best a draw for Ohio State. Many npn-partisan observers would give the victory to
Purdue/’
• It's A Hard Road To Frenchy Leinweber and Dick Rectenwald we give the medal for the most loyal Boilermaker fans. You’d think that they would give up after the experience at Pitt, stranded 425 miles from home. '' But no. Never stymied, this pair started for Columbus Friday with Joe, Benna in his ancient iron horse, Abount ten miles out one of the rear wheels came off and rolled past them. They still weren’t licked'until the motor blew up at Dayton. They’re looking for a scooter or a wheel barrow to go to Fordham in.
Fraternity BowUntg
Maintaining a perfect record of six wins and no losses, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Nu and Pi Kappa Alpha lead the field in the interfraternity bowling tournainent after two woaks of competition. Bowling will continue tomorrow and Thurs-
day.
The complpte standing^ are:
Won Lost ..........6 0.
M. E. MOREHOUSE dairy V QUALITY MILK Phpne 5$?14
PKi Delta Theta Pi Kappa Alpha Sterna Nu Alpha Tau Omega .... Beta Theta Pi
Delta Upsilon ’.
Phi Kappa Psi .• ... Delta Tau Delta
Lamb4a Chi Alpha
Phi Kappa ....: Phi Kappa Sigma Theta Xi Alpha Chi Rho — Alpha Sigma’Psi .....
Phi Signia; Kappa Tau Kappa Epsilon
Phi Gainma Delta
Pi Kappa Phi
.Acacia Kappa Delta Rho .Phi Kappa Tau Signi^ Alpha Epsilon Sigma Pi
Thetp. Chi
Tau Epsilon Phi Alpha Gamma Rho
Beta Signac I"®' Triangle
BOWLING TOURNAMENT SCHEDULE Wednesday, October 22—6:30 Alpha Gpmma Riio vs Sjgma Pi Alpha Sigma Psi vs Signia Alpha Epsilon 8:46 Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Sigma Kappa Delta Tail Delta vs Acacia Thursday, Octqber 23—6:30 Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta; Sigma Psi Theta Chi vs Alpha Tau Oihega Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta Theta Pi 8:45 Triangle vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Chi Rho Tau Epsilon Phi vs Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rhp vs Tau Kpppa Epsilon
: 5 4 ; ; T "'!Z"m4 4 3 ..: 3 ;...3 ..; i 3 2
...1 :o ,.0
Coed Swiininenf Pr^ett^ For Intercollegiate Imt Coeds interested in improving their swimming Strokes and in participating in contests later- this year are to meet in the women’s pool at 6 p.m. every Mondayv-Bi^ Papenguth, coach of the men’s swimming team and Miss Russel, head of the women’s, jwill be present to assist the students in working up their strokes in preparation for the meets which will occur later this year. The individual swimming meet m planned for early in December. Ths. Intramural meet will take pla£^ at the beginning of the second semester. To climax these actmties, ah all star team •will be chosen to Gohipete in the National Intercollegiate Meet which is scheduled for the 15th of March. ■ / . ; Colleges all over the cohhtfjr are planning to send representatives'to this event. 'The Purdue team, placed in several meets last year, and It is hoped that they will be able to carry on the good work in 1941-42;
c.f.h.
Ward Lambmi ... Riveter baidwopd mpntor, at-, tended an appreciation baiiq^uet last night in tlje Ciaypool Hotel iitl Ife dianppolis. The banquet was held in. honor of the staff, of radio station. WIRE of thqt .c'|ty and was also attended by coh^hes of other uniyer:? sities.
According to Frank Leahy, Notre Purdue line coach Joe Bplhh4^ Dame will turn down any offers for likes to tinker with radios and is post season bowl games. 'something of an expert.- . , •, A
BEMOPEL ^OWJ Prices Are Rapidly Advancing HENRY POOR LUMBER CO. West Lafayette Phone 3083
I'
4>» ) i
V f
f^i M
i V
1 4'
Purdue Exponent
Wuesdlctyf Octohef 2I9 1^1
is?
^rority Girls Ask Police Chief I’ for Mysterious Use Of Squad Car
GRIKTANI^ tSlEAft rr
A.
A. Knopf Will Award Literary Fellowships Alfied A Knopf, book publisher,
By Bob Boswinkle
pur boyhood yearning to become • policeman staged a sudden comebhok stronger than ever last week as we loafed in the office of policelirtifin Bums, Chief of the West Lafayette Police The Chief is a handsome fellow and we take it that he
^e^es over well with the women, two has announced a new senes of litKappa’s weie directing all the tech- erary fellowships foi 1942 consist ni<|ues of Speech 14 at him while ing of three awaids of $1,200 each we were there, anyway As well as foi woiks in fiction biogiaphy, and tve could make out (we weren’t history These awaids aie offeied supposed to be listening) the Kap for the purpose of assisting talented pa’s wanted to bonow the Chief’s wi iters to complete planned and un Squad car for some mysterious mis finished books sion concerning Gold Diggeis These xhe publishei is concerned with Kappa’s’ books of inteiest to a wide geneial Bums couldn’t quite visualize the public and piefeiably on American meiit in the scheme that the girls themes Evidence of unusual hterwere sponsoiing, but he was aigu ary ability, personal integrity, and ing a losing battle as our attention tiustwoithiness should be submit
turned to a map on the wall
Accident Map
ted All applicants must be citizens of the United States oi of the Do-
, j! TIT i. minion of Canada Fuither informa-
tmn may be had from Irene Feldt, Directoi of Placement Service for
Women els
Lafayette, and it was punctured with red and black and white pins As the girls chatted we counted 169 pins stuck in the map, most numer ous along State Stieet wheie the Brown Street Levee intersects it, and at the Noithwestein intersection Later we found that each red and black pm stands foi an accident since the fiist of the yeai with pioperty damage more and less than $26
Ayars Lamarr Plays For Annual Firemen's Charity Ball Saturday Lincoln Lodge on Homecoming night Satuiday will be the scene
The white ones stand for human of the annual Firemens’ Ball, sponvictims, and there weie 17 of them' soied for the fifth time in the interThe girls left, and the Chief called cominunity chanty Ayais ® Lamair and his band fiom the Dix
a cop named Jim and told him that t j n i
. ^ j- 1 le Land will piovide the music
he- was to have the chore of keep ^
- fj,
a
University Club Plans Bridge Party, Contest Scl)eduleFor1941-'42 Prof E P Degering, chairman, has announced the University Club bridge paity schedule for the school year The parties will be held in the East Faculty Lounge of the Unioir at 7 30 p m on the following nights Oct 27, Nov 17, Dec 8, Dec 16, Jan 9, Feb 10, Feb 23, Mai 23, Apiil 6, April 20, and April
27
The Oct 27, Nov 17, Dec 16, Jan 19, Feb 23, and Apiil 6 meetings have been set aside as contest nights Contest evenings aie meetings of the budge gioUp only On all othei nights the bridge meetings are open to the entire University Club High scoiers on contest nights will be awarded double
decks of caids
The final night Apiil 27, is guest night Grand prizes for the year are to be awaided on this night All Univeisity Club members in good standing may bung guests to any
budge meeting ki
Marine Recruiting
“A fine outfit I got’—You lk)se 4,000 men to the blue army, \a/ i j 150 tanks, 200 artillery, a,nd now this farmer says he’s OpenS Wednesday
gonna sue us for bome busted fences
ing students fiom ovei turning bus-
Lamaii’s band has played at some
^ ^ , T of the most noted spots from coast ses and such at the pep session Jim mi. u j i , ,,, , J , , J to coast The band also accompan noted like it would be a pleasuie and uni, /
went downstairs “This Is My Beat”
So the Chief finally had time to notice us and he asked what was on our mind We told him that we were fiom the Exponent, just a stooge, that the police and fire de partments were on oui beat, and that the new policy of the papei was to go out after news instead of com pelling those who would like a bit of publicity to fight then way up
led Huey Long on his ballyhoo tours when the Kingfish was at his zenith
of power in the South
Dancing will last fiom 9pm until lam Tickets may be purchased foi $110 at the West La-
fayette file station i w b
Wilbur Clark Starts Flight Training At Maxwell Field Wilbui C Clark Ag ’41 has
to the copy desk Bums said sure g^^rted pie flight tiaining as an that he would cooperate We Aviation Cadet at Initial thanked him and said that we d be Training School, Maxwell Field
back Monday
Merry Go Round
(Continued fiom page 2)
Senate isolationists to map strategy for the battle against aiming mei
< Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, Oct 25 Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject IS given The cards should then be field in the Registrar’s
Office
Dean M L Fisher
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
91a Claik will tiain foi five weeks at the Alabama school, then tiansfei to a pilot school foi the fiist of thiee ten week couises at army air
schools
Upon giaduation he will be com missioned a seced’d lieutenant in the Aimy Air Force Reseive and go on
chant ships, wasn’t as harmonious receiving $246 a as Senator Burton K Whee ei, who pi^g |5oo annual bonus presided, let on to newsmen Claik has been teaching at Tra One of those piesent caused a Johnson county high school fuioie by suggesting that the bat graduation dp
tie be called off
The “fifth columnist” was Senator D Worth Clark of Idaho, one of the most vocal foes of Roosevelt’s foreign policies and chairman of the Anglophobe packed committee that has been investigating movie “propaganda ” Clark almost caused Senators Hiram Johnson, in whose office the meeting was held, Wheeler and LaFollette to jump out of their chairs by counselling against an open fight on the ship arm-
ing issue
“I think the best policy would be to forget about it and lay for the next bill to do away with combat zones,” Clark said “That’s the big danger, as I see it Aiming mei chant ships won’t seiiously impeiil oui neutiality as long as we keep them out of belligerent wateis ” But the suggestion was loaied down Wheeler urged all piesent to prepare long speeches and to in duce others to do likewise, to keep the debate going in the Senate as long as possible An outiight fill bustei, he said was inadvisable, but the debate should be long and loud enough to make the American peo pie “acutely conscious of the steps being taken by the President to get us into wai ” Nye, LaFollette and Taft also urged that arming merchant ships and permitting them to " enter combat zones were “inseparable components” in the proposed revision of the Neutrality Act and should be treated as such in floor debate “Arming mei chant ships will be inviting Hitler to fiie on them on sight, whethei they happen to be iflr neutial or belligeient wateis,” Thft declared Upshot of the secret meeting was a thiee-fold stiategy plan (1) To ineiBt on “open” hcaiings by the Foreign Relations Committee, (2) Th put Navy Secretaiy Knox par ticularly, and other Administiation witnesses thiough a blistering thud-degree at the heaimgs, and (3) To prolong flooi debate {(Jopynght, 1941, by United Fea tuie Syndicate, Inc )
Forester To Speak 1 At Meeting Tonight Ted Davis assistant State Foiestei, will be the principal speaker at the regular forestry club meet ing tonight at 7 30 in room 117 of the Hoiticultuie Building Davis, who IS an authority on fire piotec tion and teaches the fire schools conducted throughout the state an nually for the fire wardens and students will speak on fire piotec
tion
There will be refreshments and songs Club officers urge anyone who has a musical instrument to bring it, since efforts aie being made to organize an orchestra Edward McMaken Fust Lieutenant on the in stiuctional staff in the University Military department has been pro moted to the rank of Captain the War Department announced yesterday The promotion went into ef feet Sunday, October 19 He has served on the staff here since Sep tembei 1940
L. Gayfon Will Speak To ASME Tomorrow student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ■will meet in room 207 of the Mc--cbamcaLJE^ineeiing Building to morrow evening to hear L D Gay ton, assistant city engineer of Chi cago, who will speak on the operation of the engineering department
in a large city
He will also show moving pictures taken during the construction of Chicago s South Side filtration plant Civils and PSE s are invited to attend the meeting as special guests Any others interested are also welcome c j w
United States Marine recruiting offices will be set up in the Lafayette Post Office Wednesday for one day only The reptesentatives are looking for men who wish to enlist in the Marine Corps Men registered for the draft can voluntarily enlist if they apply before being ordered up for then examination Enlistments are for four years, or for the duration of the emergency, as the applicant prefers
J d s
Notices
YWCA
Personality committee will meet in the YWCA office tonight at 4 p m Dr 0 Shea will be at the meet ing to assist the committee in making plans for a “Peisonality Clinic” to be hold in the neai future All members are expected to attend
Novice Pistol Students desiring to Are in the thud novice pistol group starting Tues lay Oct 21 may sign up in the sup ply room of the aimory now —BROWN Mechanical Engineers The American So ciety of Mechanical Engineers membership applicat ons may be obtained in the gen oral office of the Mechanical Engineers building —BOLZ Purdue Radio Club Meeting Tuesday Oct 21 in room 134 of the B E building at 8 30 p m Please use north door —MILES WAA All girls who are interested in Cabin Leadeis Course meet in Women s gymnasium Tuesday Oct 21 at 7 15 p m
—WARD
Fencers All men w th fencing exper lence report to the th rd floor of the Field house T es Wed or Thi rs Oct 21 22 or 23 between 3 and 6pm Bring gym shoes and equipment t p ss ble ■—TOWER
Freshman Drummers Those interested in Military Band report to Lt Coers at the Hall of Music af 10 a ni Tuesday Oct 21 1941 or call 46371 —R J COEBS Undergraduate Dames Meeting Tuesday Oct 21 at 7 30 p m at homo of Mrs C Tandy S W corner of Grant and Wood streets -AVOLLMER Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Tuesday Oct. 21 at 7 30 p m in room 807 of the Union, —SIGLER I Christian Science Organization Regulai meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 21 In room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Delta Rho Kappa Meeting Tuesday Oct 21 at 6 p m in room 306 of the Union All pledges be present —BIERLEIN Sigma Delta Chi Pledges 6et your pla ques from the office by Tuesday October 28 or they will be thrown away —TRAUGOTT Eta Kapph Nu Important meeting Tues day evening at 7 30 in Room 302 of the Union Building Meeting is for the elec tion of pledges and attendance will be
compulsory
—SOUTHMAYD
Sigma Delta Chi Dinner meeting for all actives Wednesday Oct 29 at 6 p m at
Sycamore
—TRAUGOTT
N Y A Workers Checks for period end ing Oct 7 are now available at Cashier s office in the Executive Building
—HOLLENSBE
Triton Club Compulsory meeting Tues day Oct 21 at 7 30 p m in the Women s
Gymnasium
—KRAEPELIEN
Military Ball Committee Meeting of all members Tuesday October 21 at 4 p m Re port m uniform to Debris studio in sub basement of the Union for pictuies Weai regular OD shirts —DIBOS Newman Club Discussion group will meet on Tues Oct 21 in room 302 and Wed ill room 307 of the Union
—BUERGLER
All Freshman Science Women will meet in Room 211 of Stanley Coultei Hall and the men will meet in Room 107 of the Field house for the meeting of the Science As
sembly on Tues Oct 21
—Dean ENDERS
Gimlet Actives and Pledges Delta Tau Delta will be host for the regi lar dinnei meeting on Thurs evening Oct 23 at 6 p m —JOHNSON A W S There will be a meeting of ill coed Independent and Cooperative Presi dents or lepresentatives on Wednesday Oct 22 4 6 pm in Room 303 of the Un on
—SERBAN
PIA Members Petitions will be accepted for men s activities chairman and chairman of south ward until Wednesday Oct 22 at 4pm Those submitting petitions must bo present at PIA off ce 4 p m on Wednesday
—ELDER
Forestry Club Theie is a meeting on Tuesday Ocl 21 at 7 30 p m in room 117 of Hort Bldg —SCHNEIDER Exponent Sophomores Meeting of the f 1 lowing Science beat reporters in the fficc at 6 p m on Tues Oct 21 Squier Hoskins Summers Glass Important 1 —JONES Catalyst Actives and Pledges Formal in itiation has been changed fiom Wed Oct 22 to Thurs Oct 23 in room 302 of the Chem and Met Building at 7 30 p m Pledg bring full boxes All members sign list in Dr Lovell s office —YODER Flying Club Regular meeting on Wed Oct 22 in Room 306 of Union at 10 p m —HABICHT
Marriage Course! Meet in front of Loebs at 6 00 p m sharp on Wed Oct 22 Will be through by 6 00 p m —DAVIS Ceres Important meeting ori Tues Oct 21 at 7 30 p m in Room 806 of the Union Bring 76c for semester dues 1 Fall plediies will be selected —CHESTER Tifa Dance Committee The following please come for a meeting today at 4 16 pm in the Union office Baker Canfield Bancroft Lepinan Wooleiy Hopkins Gar land West Knutzen —DEUSTBR F A O Sophomore Workers All workers who have been working on Tues and Thurs please report on Tues Oct 21 at 4 00 p m
—PFENNINGBR
Dolphin Club Formal pledging Tues Oct 21 at 4 16 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse All pledges must attend —HERR WAA Speedbali tournament starts today (Tuesday October 21) Bed vs Blue Teams are composed of Red—B Buergler L Tur ner G Heninis M Fouts A Baughman M Sommers J Harrison B Bower A Art man M Lepley J Vansickle Blue'—E Hor ton B Cox L Ver Hotven M Brown M Burton K Hinshaw J Wampler V Gear O Metzger H Campbell Yellow—J Rusk B Galbraith R Ruel M Lafuze M Pid gcon A Bandelier N Cooper B Wilcox M Mennen E Williamson B Van Nice
—GALBRAITH
Pep Session Committee Will the follow ing members of the permanent pep session committee please attend the meeting Tues day Oct 21 at 4 p m in the Student Senate office Dick DeGarmo Johpny Goll Katy Ade Ban Adkins Bill Farber Dick Raney Jim Wolff Bob Stccker Damon Elder AI Mcnke Rex Mayfield Paul Fenn Dick Watson and Ned Ochiltree Election of a chair man and a sub chairman as well as plans for the next pep session will be conducted at tins short session —SCARFF RUFFNER JOHNSON
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines alt makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph and multigraph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main Phone 2779 Lafayette Money to Loan on anything of value Alberts Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jcweleis 407 Columbia St. Vocal Lessons For 25 years Lafayette’s only real singing teacher Voice test free Edward W Frank Studio Lahr Hotel Phono 4055 '' Single Room First floor Next to bath Private family reasonable 410 Maple St Phone 36583 Lost General Chemistry 11 book in Armory Please call Bob Creal 66004 Lost Log Log Slide Rule Initials R A D on case Ralph Dise engraved on rule br ice Call—Dise 8444 Lost L g log slide rule Initials RAD on case Ralph Disc engraved on rule brace Call—Disc 8444
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning SerAdee belongs wherever smart erowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly hmm riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Comfort and Security Away from Home y HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Caie Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
4
7S«mmy Baugh’b punt of 75 yaidb (• the longest kick on record in pro
{efisional football
CABS win friends
and influence
WOMENI
All YOU do is telephone!
First call the Woman, then dial 5023, 3071
YELLOW CAB CO
i Ml Slilll
HE BOHGHT \ SOBSCHIPIIOW TO THE EXPONENT
. NOW HE’S IN THE KNOW— ^ ABOUT 7 CONVOS DANCES CAMPUS GOSSIP
LOST AND FOUND
CO-ED HOURS
THE EXPONENT
e *
ft