I'i
g ‘ i
I' YOLtrME XLVIX
LAFAYETTE. INDIANA, TUESDAY, MAY 19. 1936
Cliques, Politicians
Polls To Open At 8 clock; ISo Coupon Book Necessary To Vote In PAA Elections Phone wires buzzed while campus politicians held animated meetings at y^ious ^r&terhity and sorority: houses^^^ in preparation for the P. iA,. Ai and Student Unipn elections today. The poUs in the thiion lobby will be open from 8 to 5
.o’clock.'"'.
ELECTION RULES
1. All voters, both P. A. A., and Union, mast present schedule .cards for admittance to pollSii No other form of identir ficatiort is necessary. 2. No electioneering at polls, and no sample ballots or printed publicity. 3. Polls will be open from 8 to 5 o’clock. :
Dreiser
Winners Of All-Univer-sity Literary Contest Announced “Experience of the eniotions and realities of life are necessary to appreciate literature”, said Theodore Dreiser, speaking before 450 people assembled at the tenth annual Literary Banquet in the Idemprial Union Building last night. Relating the influence of his childhood , environment in the Writing of his books, Dreiser said: “My interest is in America and the world, in the mind and the world.” Contest Winners In the All-University contest, the George Ade cup for the best short story was awarded to Leonard Horwitz. A. A. Radkey’s short play won the H, G. Reisner trophy., Ray S. Blocker won the David E. Ross cup for the best group of poems. The English, department prize of ten dollars for the best personal, essay was presented to Ann Hoagland. Nick Trbovich’s science essay the ten dollar prize given by Dean H. E. Enders. The Dr. R. R. Wetherill fifteen and ten dollar prizes for the best historicar essays were Won by W. B. Billings and Mary Ann Kelsay, respectively. Cash prizes of the same amounts for fictitious essays based on historical material were won by J. N. Davis, and A. A. Radkey. The $100 W. H. Winterrowd award for the best senior library was Won by J. A. Copmbs. Second place was won by J. D. Pierce. The award was based on the findings of a committee composed of three faculty members. Dean R. G. Dukes, Prof. Frank Hall, and Dr. H. L. Greek.
NtUfts • • •
By The Roving Reporter.
Whizz Went the butterfly net. .
butthe moth escaped!
Bill Ash and Dave Light, two en terprising embryo entomologdsts,^ looked in disgust at the empty net. They were hard on tbe trail of lepidoptras, heipiptras, etc., under a Salisbury Street light last IViday night when a street car approached. “Havin’ any luck,” queried the conductor. “If yoii’re not, meet me at Ninth and Main Streets in a little bit and I’ll give you a big moth I caught in my cat the other night
I’m keeping it in my Jocker at the nounces the election of the followstation. If you want it, you can have ing officers : M, V. Miller, president;
A. F. Futoohee, vice presidenti R. J Clinton, treasurer; W. A. Eillioh
what kind it is,” Ash sighed.
Voters in the: P. A. A. elections vidllj not be required to bring their coupon books to the polls as schedule cards willbe the only form qf idehtificatioh necessary to vote in their election in addition to selection, Student Union junior vice presidents, P. A. A president and vice presidehtsi and the senior yell leader, the students will vote on the new Student Ath letie Association constitution which will replace the present P. A. A. set-
up..
Candidate Withdraws Glen Fearheiley, who had announced his candidacy for a vice presidency of P. A. A., Withdrew his nanie from the ballot last night. His withdrawal Was confirmed by Frank Stone, Senate president. The Theta’s and Chi Omega’s have formed a coalition to sponsor their candidates, while the Kappa’s and Alpha Chi’s have joined han^ to support their representatives. Chi Omega’s were seen in the library last night campaigning. ( Unofficial reports link the D. U.’s, Phi Psi’s, Sig’s and Acacia’s in one of the fraternity groups with the Sig Ep’s, Belt’s, Kappa Sig’s, and Phi Gam’s in another. A sample ballot of all candidates will be found elsewhere in this paper as will the rules governing the election.
PURDUE STUDENT UNION 3 Agriculture; Vote For 1
Q McLeod, Loma Q Mytinger, Mary G. (3 Perkins, Jeanne
1 I pcaLTOrgay^ uv Wo Q Mtilliamsbni D: W^
:|3i;'Pobv,:Marjorie. ■
□ Wright, E.: s.
Adtotoati'c Positions; Not On Ballot
Putze; LbuifcPublic Ser, Eng;
.3 Ciyil Engineering; Vote For 1 □ Evans, J. S.
Eeid Robert^-^cience,
■Q;vRieth,L.A.:''[3 :Sheets,E.T/
STUDENT ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION
3 Cheinibal Engineering; Vote For I
For President; Vote For 1
Q Favorite, J. R.
;[3'vButifcs,'H. H.
Q Wiegandt, H. F.
1 1 XL
For Vice President; Vote For 2
2 Electritol Engineering; Vote PorT
Q Bailey,W, ip.
Q .Pitts, R.:k;
l~j Claypole, G.
(3 McCaiiley, J. P.
■.□■Elijah,;.H.D.-::' ' -
4 Mechanical Engineering; Vote
/’ :For 1' ■:
□ Conway, J. G. ^ Q Jewett, E.W, [3 Marshall, P. R. □ Stallings, W. K.
(3 Mueller, R. J,
□ Fearheiley, G. F. (withdrawn)
For Cheerleader □ Burnell, G. W.
Do You Approve The S. A. A. Con-
: stitutiott?
6 Co-eds; Vote For 2
(This must be voted on.)
□ Ford, Prances .
□ ■Yes.,:,''
□' Lyon, Lyda A.
□ No.
St. Louis Delegation Will Tour Campus Between 200 and 300 representatives of the North St. Louis Business Men’s Association will visit Lafayette and the University Thursday on their twenty-fourth annual spring outing trip. They WiU be met at the station by a delegation from the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and will parade to the Fowler Hotel for a luncheon at noon. Tour of Campus Following the luncheon, the group will leave the Fowler Hotel shortly after 2 o’clock fpr a tour of the Purdue campus. An evening luncheon to be served at Crystal Springs will complete the full day’s progrram.
Dr. Mallon Leaves University For Position At UCLA
Doctor Marguerite Malion, associate professor of nutrition of the University hbme economics school, has resigned to take a position in a similar department in the College of Letters and Science at the University of California, in Lbs Angeles. Dr. Malion has received nationwide recognition for her work in the field of nutrition. She has served on various campus committees, and has been nutrition lecturer at the St.
her arrival here in 1918.
American Commons club an-
The entomologists got their moth. - _
“Now that we got it, hope we know secretary; G. Futoohee, house ^clock, they will assemble inEowler that?”
manager.
SPEEToHear Artist Will Disciiss Art In Industry The developments and uses of art forms in industry vdll be discussed by Marques E. Reitzel, professor of fine arts at Rockford College, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock tonight. Presented under the auspices of the University branch of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, the meeting will be open to all faculty members, students, and general public. As a supplement to his address Mr. Reitzel will present a series of slides depicting the evolution of art from the earliest times up to the present and its modem applications in industry in the interest of efficiency and beguty. A well-known artist and teacher for many years, Mr. Reitzel has won a number of prizes in the Art Institute in Chicago and elsewhere for his work -
Totver Theater Will Present Two
Tower Theater, an informally organized laboratory for the merger of the fine arts, will present two plays, “Alchemy” and “Psychopathy Becomes O’Neill”, in its first performance this evening in the Tower room of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. The Purdue Union has assisted the University efforts in equipping the theatre, and Playshbp has installed much of its equipment there. Tower Theater plans to sponsor a play writing contest next fall. The kind of plays desired are short dramas that do hot involve much time and can be produced with minimum physical equipment.
Will Show Medical Film In Fowler Hall “Contact”, a special sound picture in the iiiterest of tuberculosis control and general medical education, will be shown today , in Eliza
..... ..... Fowler Hall at JLl, 4, anAagain at Elizabeth hospital in this city since 6 o’clock in observance of Medical
Day on the campus. Short informative talks by medical authorities
^ ^ WlWWUt
AmericanCommoiisaiib p“»s oi.
trint. TYioer.iTifF nf fno lYidiATifs MotfliAol
Hall to see the motion picture.
H. E. School To Fete Dean
Dean Mary L. Matthews, of ihe University school of home eeohOmics, will be honored at a banquet tonight at 6:30 in the home economics cafeteria, in celebration of ten years of achievement in her department. Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, member of the University board of trustees, will deliver the
principal address.
Helen Hall will speak for the senior home economics students who are also being honored at the banquet. Other speakers include Mrs.
Juliet Matthews Snyder, ’20,
Lafayette; Miss Adrianna Mulherin ’27; Miss Bernyce Schweiger, ’33; and Miss Meta Martin, of the home
economics extension staff.
OJC.ForPAA Election Last Minute Controversy Arises ( plication For Head Cheer Leader
mittee acted last night; follow^ ing the advice of Frank Stohe Stone stated in defense df his action that politics had not entered into the decisioh since Burnell was the only candidate up for the office, and the school needed a senior yell leader. He also explained that if Burnell was declared eligible, it would be only fair to declare Mueller eligible also. However; there Were other men who would have petitioned for the yell-leader position if they had not thought the scholastic eligibility rule barred them from the election. The rules of the Student Senate covering the situation, taken from Article VI, Section 1, of the constitution of the Student Federation, of which the Senate is a part, are as
follows:
“No student may become a candidate for any office wthin the Federation of Purdue students who shall not have a passing grade in all subjects carried during the semester preceding his Candidacy . . .’’ This rtde was effectively amended, according to the president of the Senate, by a rule passed February 12, 1936, which set a 3.50 scholastic index as the minimum requirement for eligibility. Stone said that he and his father had checked the scholastic indices of all candidates and found the abovementioned two to be the only persons ineligible by the 3,50 rule among the nominees Tor Union and P. A. A. offices. He also pointed out that these men did not have “C” or ‘‘D” grades on their records. The ruling made last night practically annulled the 3.50 rule for eligibility.
Methodists Consecrate Dr, Oxnam As Bishop Dr, G. Bromley Oxnam, president of DePauw University, recently selected as a bishop in the Methodist Episcopal church, was consecrated Sunday night along with three other bishops-elect. The ceremony took place at the general conference of
of the church now in progress in Col-
umbus, Ohio. Dr. Oxnam will be assigned to a four year position which will necessitate his resignation from
the DePauw presidency.
Interview With Mr. jackson Bares
By A. A. Radkey.
“G-34! J-16”
TO' the iminitiated roaming the halls of the Union it sounds like Nobe Eizer running his bOys through skull practice, but the Old Grad knows, and will vouchsafe the informatipn, if closely pressed, that that beautiful tenor voice belongs to Ed (Strangler) Jackson, and emanates from the checkroom window. We interviewed Mr. Jackson last night as he trotted to and fro between his sanctum and the men’s lounge (“off the arm of that chair!”) and procured a surprisingly small number of amazing dull facts which. Without the least hesitation we now
tfict meeting of the Indiana Medical Association will accpmpany
showings.
At 6:30 o’clock visiting physic- ^ ians will attend a banquet in the there arronly 48 numbera on eact Union Building. Prior to this, at 6 rack. Subtract 28. How much is
“Fourteen times fifty,” said Jackthe soil moving his six-inch Cigarette holder about in a fascinating display of oral gsrmnastics, “is 700. But
We confessed it was 672. It seCm-
ed that was the checkroom capacity. Each rack is lettered alphabetically and has its own checks running from one to forty-eight. The “Door 2” or “Door 1” stamped on ceach tag refers to one of the three windows.- We were inclined to quibble about this calling-a-window-a-door business, but Jackson in some hauteur stowed his holder away and departed. On the way out he muttered some rather scathing words about the Exponent which we overlooked after ma-
ture deliberation.
from our spies hidden in various places about the Sweet Shop that on a dance night a half dozen attendants work and that the checkroom is often filled to Capacity, On Prom night the service is moved to the billiard room and no less than twelve stalwart Boilermakem are on hand to classifjr the avalanche of a thou-
sand or more garmenin.
Besides the checking service, a
SDX Gives Kizer Leather Medal Award dent; Johnston, Foiv ster Also Get Awards Coach Noble E. Kizer was awaited the leather medal in reco^tton ^ having done the most for the University ^dnring the pa^ year ^ ; the spring initiation banquet of Sigma Delta Chi, national prOfe^idnal jomnalistic fraternitj^ ningintheMemonalUnionBuilding. T. R. Johnston, University puhhdty director, was given a pipe and tobawo case by active members of the chapter for his work as advisor; Hardin Gets Pr^idency Clifford M. Hardin, former associate editor of the Exponent, was elected president of the active or^ ganizatipn for the coming y^r at ^b;miness meeting, which preceded Imnquet. W. T. Hunt, editor of the Exponent, and E. H. Morris managing editor, were named vice president and secretary tieasurnr, respectively. piree associates, E. C. GorreU, ^namac publisher; Leonard Church, regional director of Mc-Gfaw-Hill publications; and ^ank McDermond. publisher of the Atti<^ Ledger Tribune wme initiated into the fraternity at this meeting. . Forster Awarded Book ^Hugh Forster, associate editor of the Exponent, was awarded Vincent Sheean’s “Personal History” tyr various feature articles published in he paper and outstanding work during the year. _ W. F. Crouch, editor of motion picture trade journals and hewapapers in Chicago, delivered the principal address at the banquet on “Life Begins at Twenty”. V. R. Bute, outgoing president, presided as toastmaster, calling on many of the 35 persons Present to give impromptu speeches.
.. ..
Reamers L. O. Buxton, junior in the school of agticulture, was elected president of Reamer club, atldetic booster gtyup for unoyganized students, last night. D. N. Wait, junior mechanical engineering student, was selected aS vice president. Other offic^ chosen were F. E. Fields, physical educa-' tion junior, secretary; and GSmith, mechanical engiheering junior, treasurer.
laundry and preying service: fe maintained and a loSt and found dbpaiteaent where articles tost in ^ Hnibn are kept thirty ddj?S, THter
f. • 4! i.1. - Hme th^ are sent to tl^
Op snoopmg further, we found out dean’s oflice.
Cihderetta
^ We moved over to view this nl&nilfkW du..:. -lA;' '
ast
'uopiayottDy it$,elfa]3ut uO among oth^ thuigs a rubber
ted on.
lace, a large^alico dog,^d*» lady’s shoes. This last ^
Ida
Plash! What co-ed walked wl when, and why? Checkt
£ ^$avliue exponent in 1863 1986^1986 VS.emhtst Associate Collegiate l^ese Dfetribator of OOLUSiGlAyB! MCBST of l^otlonol CoUem Piesa Aesodation. Big Pen BditoHal Asgociaiion BxidadTely Beptesented by Nstionat AdvertisinK Service, Itte, 429 Madison Avenne, Kew Tori: City Entered as second class matter at the post Office* Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by t«nH, $3.50 per year, delivered by carrier, $2.80 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents
Bosiness Phone 5988
MAIN OPPlCE-512 North Pifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication Of Pnrdne Unitersity
EDIPOSIAL SPAPF
Bditorwto^iel „ » iiirnT.ngii,g Editor — — E/ H. Morris Associate Editors _ JK. A. Barnette, J. E Brock, A H Forster, R P. Mamon, C L SadlCT Bold and Black Editors — — „Geneive Season, S. M. Trmtt
SPORIB STAFF , „ LD Wood S. B Griffiths, R. F Obenchain, D. F. Wilson
Sports Editor - Associate Sports Editors
Bnsiness Manager — .. Loeai Advertising Manager National Advertismg Hamper Circnlation Manager
RUS1NB:SS STAFF
„ R. J Hulse D. O. Miller L H Brown J. P. Girard
Editor Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF , „ Helen Creech „ Jeanne Janousek, Dons McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Tuesday, May 19, 1936. Issue Editor—W. M. Anthony Re Elections I Several candidates with scholastic indexes below 3.5, the -standard adopted this year by the Student Senate, will •have their names on the ballots today. The Student Senate, in charge of the elections, has been extremely confused as to the interpretation and application of the eligibility rule. Such slip-shod procedure is inexcusable. Charges of political intrigue may now be hurled hither and yon with a real basis. Every effort will be made at today’s balloting to prevent -recurrence of the scandalous affair last year. Not only ^“••will the Senate take the proper precautions, but other unofficial observers will be on hand all day to check unfairness and secure evidence of any improper things that might occur. So to ail who have any thoughts of mixing m today where they are not welcome, a word of warning might not be amiss. To The Smokers Next fall University officials will act against all students caught smoking on the campus, with suspensions from the University promised all violators. The road leading across the campus from Grant Street will be in the prohibited area, regardless of Student Senate notices to the contrary. Only in the Memorial Union Building will smoking on the University grounds be permitted. Among the first comments the average student will make upon such an extremely severe interpretation of the rule is, “What about the faculty men who smoke in their offices ?" According to these same officials, pressure will be brought to bear upon such men as well as upon the student body. Just how far the administration will go in trying to make its faculty conform to the rule remains to be seen. It is certain that opposition, either open or silent, will develop here. The whole question of campus smoking seems childish. When the thing changed from a tradition to a rule a number of years ago, the complex of the entire situation changed. As a rule, enforcement lies with the University, not with any student organization. Student self government is a fine idea, but here it seems to remain just an idea—due in no small part to the apathetic attitude of the so-called Senate. But the smoking question is out of the hands of the students. The proper attitude, we believe, to take in this situation, is that if there must be such a rule, it should be enforced, both with the faculty and the student body. The question of whether such a rule is advisable is another matter, but an important one. The students have no voice, apparently, in this latter question. However, they can cooperate in the enforcement.
Bootlegging, Kidnapping, What Next? The years following the advent of prohibition saw the rise of large gangs in American criminal circles and the rapid ascent of bootlegging to the top position in the activities of gangsterdom. Some one group intrenched itself in each section of the nation and built up a reputation that afforded a great deal of protection against other gangs as well as against the law. A1 Capone and his henchmen established themselves in Chicago; “King” Solomon became the overlord of the liquor, vice, and narcotic traffics throughout New England. The imagination of the public painted a rather bright picture of the gangster during the ’20’s. Several years ago the country became tired of the “hoodlums” ; Chictgo began a determined fight against their activities ; 3.2 beer, sanctioned by law, provided the necessary impetus. The gangster’s roll shrunk until just an average salaried man was his financial equal. Capone was given ten years in the federal penitentiary on income tax evasion charges; Chicago doled out sentences such as “six months in the workhouse” on “bad reputation” charges; within four days Machine Gun Jack McGurn, reportedly one of Capone’s raiders; Maxie Eisen, Walter Guida, and James Belcastro, “king of the bombers”, received short, inglorious sentences to the house of correction. By the fall of 1933, “Bugs” Moran, “King” Solomon, “Legs” Diamond, “Killer” Burke; O’Bannon, Aloisi, and Murray Humphries, rumored to have been Capone’s successor, had either been [killed by the police or their competitors, or were serving penitentiary sentences. The large gangs split up into smaller groups and went back to the stick-up or perhaps to the protection racket. And then began a senes of kidnappings which aroused the nation. The Lindbergh case had already been perpetrated; in 1933, the Urschel, McMath, Boettcher, McElroy, O’Connell, Hamm, and Factor kidnappings sent the state and federal governments into a drive that resulted in heavy sentences for the criminals connected with the first three cases. The Weyerhaeuser, Stoll, and Bremer kidnappings occurred subsequently. Chiefly through the work of the federal government’s G-men these cases have been almost entirely cleared up. The latest developments include the capture of Alvin Karpis, ex-public enemy No. 1, William Mahan, public enemy No. 1 during the six days between his capture and that of Karpis; and Harry Campbell, last member of the Barker-Karpis gang at freedom. Campbell and his former boss, Karpis, were slated to face charges for the kidnapping of Wijliam Hamm, Jt., brewer, in 1933, and of Edward Bremer, banker, in 1934, but the former has now plead guilty. And within the past few days Thomas H. Eobinson has been apprehended and is now serving a life sentence at Atlanta, Ga., for the kidnapping of Mrs. Alice Speed Stoll, of Louisville. The gangsters have been thwarted in bootlegging and now in kidnapping. Where will they turn next?—^R. P. M.
tHE STUDENTS SAVE ED over a hew one wafl seen walking on the grass yester-day—-it rained and the ground was too muddy} To; W. B. Winter. From: Zouave Squad. Re: Your actions on the trip to the U. of Ey. and to Fort Knox. 1. Yon get Us nn at 6 AM every morning. 2. You monopolized the Major’s daughter. We will even things up some day, never fear, (Signed) THE BOYS FROM WHAT WE HEAR, EANY is the man that took the beating—^the pick of the Ky. crop fell to Mm only to be snatched away by one of “The Boys”. Who had breakfast with Virginia, Kany? SOUNDS LIKE A BASEBALL broadcast, but here it is: Phi Gam Brubaker says he didn’t PITCH woo Saturday night—he played OUTFIELD — because he couldn’t CATCH her. ‘Lucy Lovmgcup” Jones has been nominated for AlpM Zee housefather. The Fuzzies are entertaining him as their lone guest Wednesday night. THE LAST TWO CRACKS WERE sent m, but we can’t tell by whom. THIS IS RATHER INVOLVED
too:
Sachs takes Wynn to a pieme Sunday. Wynn last seen strolling down “Lover’s Lane” -with Carl Martin. Sachs takes Wynn home . . , Sounds like somebody was left holding the Sachs! THE TYPICAL JOE COLLEGE: Height: 5 feet 4 inches. Teeth; Buck. Eyes; Crossed. Hair: Laden with grease. Fraternity; Tappa Nu Keg. Legs: Bowed and pigeon-toed. Ears; Looks as if he could take off. Line: Mushy and the same for blondes and brunettes. Dancing; Too, too divine. SopMstication: Necks in the front booth of the sweet shop. Money: Usually waiting for the proverMal check from home. Demeanor: Here I am, you lucky people. Athletics: Ping-pong or marshmallows at 3® paces. Type; Telephone Romeo. BUT HE HAS A GOOD HEART. WE SWIPED THESE TOO: She was only a Professor’s daughter, but she couldn’t help it. Courtship—a man chasing a woman imtil she catches him. The Industrial Engineer: Who takes the pleasure out of life and makes existence hell? Who’ll fire the real good-looking one because she cannot spell ? Who substitutes a dictaphone for a coral-tinted ear ? Ten penny chosing, dollar wasting, Industrial engineer. PINS WERE PUT OUT since last week, but those occurrences are becoming so plentiful they cease to be news. FAMOUS LAST LINES: And from now on the column is going to be clean!
4- 4 4 49-4 4 4^4’'4 4 4- 4^4 #4^4 .4 4 ^ Today* 4:iila’oiodt . *‘B”D6trBL^S ‘ 1 Pi Kapph Aljpha Y8. Phi Ealiph Sigma. ^ ^ ‘ t)olla UpBilott Vs. $ignia Lambda. Beta Sigma Psl vs. Alpha Tau Omaga. 5 o’clock CLASS “B” DOUBLES Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Triangle vs. Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi.
Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa.
Efak
JTPAtoli AttlSk
i nniii«nR'(< ^ Rigx
Mortar Board Holds iBitiation Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary, held its initiation on Dukes’ Hill at sunnse Sunday. Active members wore caps and gowns. After the initiation, the group ate breakfast at the Memorial Union Building at which time each pledge was given a corsage of gardenias. Esther Ball, Martha Jane Bolt Russell, Lillian Williams Ford, Virginia Kelly, Marietta Stallard Kettlehut, and Alice Mary Lehmen, alumnae members, were guests with the advisors, Miss Mitchell, Miss Partch, Miss Schleman and Miss Stratton. The initiates were: Jean Adkins, Betty Arnold, Ruth Copeland, Helen Creech, Irene Peldt, Patricia Jones, Dorothy Kuehn, and Jeanette Scud-
der.
Jud^fag'^ontest , i&ilman ^tay^h^ captur§d ik nUiUksseaoflivastoifekJmtha annual - Fr^^tonan Judging' contest ^hich L... Vras held SatUta^ay In Ijbe Judging PayiHmi^ OtheF vdlmeFs were: Max
^e^on^l F*ish, Edhert
Gray, aiid !b. S. tidd foF thlFd} W. Or Kessler, sikih; E[. E, Easier seventh} Jack AinsVrorth, eighth; 0. H. Bowman* ninth; and H. V. Cobbs, tehth. First and second place winners received medals and thjird place winners received hooks. The winners m the individual classes were as follows: Robert Gray, in horses; Gilman Stewart, in cattle; R. S. Harper and M. C. Learning tied in hogs; and Max Skinner, in sheep. These winners of the freshman judging contest were annonheed at a smoker held in rooms one and two of the Union Saturday evening by W. M. Clary, president of
the Hoof and Horn club.
4W Sdbuiti Bide. ^ Hos* $7*1
Cmtor 401 dUid Uifit , "
Fh* thlnkiiie iellow edib
A YELLOW
^ Y-8 FORD TAXI 0AB
Bleek Caris tat SpeidAl Occssione 2Se ipuweneer any part of the eity
am PHONR8 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Purdue Forestry Club To Fleet Officers Officers for the ensuing year will be elected by the Purdue Forestry club at 7 tonight in room 109 of the Horticulture Bmldmg. The following nominations have been made: president, C. L. Baum and K. R. Swinford; vice-president, C. S. Walters and S. J. Whitsitt; Secretarytreasurer, C. E. Dobrowolsky and W. C. Randel. Dean J. H. Skinner, of the school of agriculture, will be initiated into the honorary. Following the meeting refreshments will be served.
LYLE E. FISHER
Watchmaker 1
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Bloch 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
if a Sai&dwicfti a Drialc then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER
Co-ed F roshMentors To Discuss Problems Prospective mentors desiring to help with the problems of freshman women will meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock today. Dr. Harriett O’Shea will suggest solutions of freshman problems to the co-eds. The greatest freshman problems during the past year, as disclosed by a recent cam-pus-wide questionnaire, will be reported by Helen Hall, former presi-
dent.
Jeanette Scudder, freshman orientation committee chairman, will discuss the leading freshman difficulties from the standpoint of a mentor. The orientation committee will choose, on the basis of leadership and interest, 76 mentors to guide next year’s freshman co-eds.
DR. A. Mo IRION Dentist Eron Flats State and Main Phone 4935
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LAWN MOWERS Shespened and repaired. New and used moweirs. Pnees on new Ball Beanng Mowers $6.26 and np. Mowers called for and delivered. P, Jos. Mralhanpt & Son 209-il North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Today, 4:15 o’clock Singles Greey vs. Wildman. DuHart vs. Mann. Jackson vs. Linn. Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the initiation of G. H. Rosohacki, East Chicago, and Don P. Rowe, Dayton. It also announces the pledg^ing of E. Swank, West Lafayette.
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6(959
ARC
TODAY
BOTC Corps Holds Last Beview Today The R. O. T. C. unit will assemble today for its last Corps Day of the school year. The unit will form in the Armory, and fourrageres will be presented to the newly-elected members of P. O. M. M. The corps will then march to Intramural Field for review. This review will be the last one for five Army officers of the military department, who have been transferred by the War Department to new posts to be taken next fall. Those officers transferred are Majors W. H. Mans and C. W. Mays; Captains M. Buckley, J. D. Balmer and C. C. Duell. If the weather is inclement, the corps will remain in the Armory and the departing senior officers will go to the balcony. The briga^, under the command of the junior officers, will render them a salute as a parting ceremony.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Hrink Milk for More Energy
CaU JOHNSON Pbone 41832
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Johnson’s dairya..i,i,,.iii«,,i,>..,i.t,..ii.ii<iiiiw.i.<..,-,.rt..>
s®
sSiSitps smiM'
, ? '
■i,;, " " l>V ''
S?;S
‘‘■'nm'
I'f-'i'CT
iliilfi^lipl
wsm
I «i I m t *
I, Little^'' Thom^ sotif Lehman fo.Shoot On West Side Course
One of the largest golfing galleries that has ever assembled on a course in this vicinity is expected to gather at the West Lafayette Count try club this afternoon at 2:45 - o’clock for a free exhibition sponsored by’the Purdue athletic department, that will feature Horton Smith, Lawson Little, Jimmy Thomson, and Johnny Lehman. Parade Of Champions All four competitors in this exhibition are recognized as leaders in the world of golf. Smith, as one of the outstanding professionals, was the leading money winner in the various winter tournaments, while Little holds the distinction of being the only man in the history of the game to win both the British and American amateur crowns two years in succession, as he did last year and the year before. Jimmy Thomson, the third mem^ bSr of the quartet, is generally rec:bgnii^ed as the. longest driver in the game today, ydiiie Joto who will complete the foursonae, gives a Purdue touch to the competition. Lehman,i during his undergraduate days at the University, won the Big Ten championship in 1928, and later won the Western Amateur title* 4:30 Not Too Late The committee, in charge of G. A. Young, with Jack Bixier, C. H. Rob-, ertson, Gordon Graham, Mai EL ward, Guy Mackey and Bob Woodworth as assistants, emphasized the fact that it will be posable for those arriving at the course as late as 4:30 or 15 o’clock to see almost nine holes , of play.-; Members of the Giinlet and Reamer clubs have agreed to act as guards at the tees and greens and also to assist in marshalling the crowd along the fairways. Mai Elward and Guy Mackey will be in general charge of handling the Crowd bn the course, assisted by Harry Allspavr, Ben Easter; and Harry Pred^ricksoh, while G. S. “Pop” Doan has been , drafted, as the announcer. G. A. Young will act as referee of the match,r and Jack Bixler as scorer, while C. H. Robertson is in charge of parking arrangements. Special Transportation For the convenience of those who do not have other means of transportation to the country club, ar‘rartgements have been made with
Tech Stops locals, 13-6
In the final game of the series between Louisiana Tech arid Purdue, Louisiana made a clean sweep of the games winning by a score of 13 to 6. Superior support in the field accounted for the visitors’ victories and Purdue’s pitchers, although at times showing flashes of greatness, were not consistently good enough to stop Tech. In the first two innings the Boilermakers looked like they were set for a comeback when they scored two runs and kept the Tech scoring in the zero column. Armon and Mitchell scored the runs. In the third, however, Tech came through with three runs, and after Purdue had scored a run in the fourth and the ninth, and two in the sixth, they were beaten by the five runs Tech scored in their half of the ninth. Downey Walks Six ; Downey struck oiitbne ;ahd walked six while Hinton; pitching firib ball for the visitors, retired six and walked one; l^ause and; Mitchell the Purdue attack with two hits ,eac^^^ in fouic times At bat.; Bartz telieyed Downey in the ninth but fated no better than; his predecessor. ^ ; The box Score:
mm
s
Louisiaina Tech
AB R H
o
A
E
Mitchell, cf .........
........11 0
0
0
0
Gresham, 8b.........
.....:.,.8 2 8
0
1
0
Pankey, 2b ;.
.;.......6 1 4
-8
4
1
Thigpen, Sb-lB .
_..-...6 8 x2
,7
0
1
Taylor, rf
....V....
.........6 2 4
0
0
1
Adkins, ss ..;
. .....6 1 1
2
6
1
Hewitt; C
.;:....„8 0 1
6
2
1
Welsh, Ib-cf .......
.X; .. .8 0 , 0
2
0
0
Gardener, cf .......
1 1
2
0
0
Shakiefo^, If
........A 2 0
0
1
0
Hinto.h, P .............
...8 0 0
1
2
0
Totals..
.........42 18 16 27 16
6
Purdue
AB R H O A E
Malaska, cf
........8 0 0
0
0
0
Armon, 3b ...■
........6 1 1
2
0
0
Mitchell, rf .........
........
4 1 2
4
0
0
Mangas, If .........
6 0 0
1
0
1
Young, lb
..:......4 0 0
14
0
1
Sines, ss .............
.......
:........4 2 1
2
(1
Krause, c
........4 12
2
1
1
Waling, 2;b .».
2 1 1
2
1
0
♦Lucas
........1 0 0
0
0
0
Caldwell, 2b.........
...;.;,..0 0 0
0
0
(1
Downey, p
......:..4 0 1
0
6
-0
Bartz, p
......:..0 0 0
0
9
0
Totals.....;....,....
.86 6 8 27
16
3
♦Batted for Waling in eighth.
Louisiana...; ..........008 020 126—-18 Purdue..................... -.200 102 010— 6
the Eagle Gbach Lines, Inc., to run special buses between the Memorial Union Building and the club. Tbe buses will leave from in front of the Memorial Union Building beginning at 2 o’clock this afternoon. A nominal charge of 25 cents for a round trip or 15 cents one way will be made.
Litim’s Campus Cprner
Supei* Service ' Til EDDIE YUILL eat WOOD
choice
Bob Walpole
River Swim
Until Friday Race Will Start At Lincoln Lodge^ End At Brown Street Bridge
Here is a batting average that wdll shake you and as a result we recommend Herman Hewitt, Louisiana Tech backstop, as our choice for the best offensive and defensive catcher to appear on the home diamond this season.
fO—,
Against the Boilermakers, Hewitt hit the ball at a merry clip of .833, getting ten hits in twelve trips to the plates In the circuit that the Tech outfit played, including besides Purdue, Notre Dame and Wabash, Herman hit 13 for 19 for an average of .692. —^fc— Besides being a dangerous hitter and an equally good backstop, he played first-string fullback on the Blulldog grid teaiu last seasbn . ; . versatile ? ... the answer is yes! 7 fb—"; ■ The Bbilermakers looked ragged again last Da^day in khe final with the Tech boys^^d they baVe btit two remaining games to repent. Tomorrow they meet Notre Danie hepe and the seasbh- closes with Gbicago bn Saturday.^^^ ^ ^ ^
fc—-
You golfers get yourselves but to that exhibition this afternoon; tWson Little, Hortbh Smith, Jimmy Thomson; and Johnny Lehman; . . . all in ope afternoon ... 2:45 O'^^Ppk on the West Side Gountry club course.; ; ; -ic-r- ■■ ■ ■ When Lehman Was at Purdue he won the Indiana State Gollegiate Golf Ghampionship, and lias to his credit a Western Open Golf title,
fe---.
What has happened to all of the swimmers at PurdUe. We know that there, are a lot of fish swimming about but the intramural department can’t locate them. ■ Jo—• When we went to press only five men had sigmud up for thb annual river swim. Eight meh are required or the race Won’t be run; All you have to do is don a suit dnd a little gpbase then float down the river for about tbreeniiles. . Guess we will run Oiit to the Country club this p. m. and seO how gqlf should be played .. . see you them
The River Swim—a Boilermaker tradition for thirteen years—^will be held on Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock when stalwart-Purdue endurance men cut the waters of the Wabash at a point opposite Lincoln lodge and test their skill with others for the two and one-half mile stretch to the Brown street bridge. This swim has long been known as one of the best tests of individual endurance where weight plays no favor-
ites.
' The More the Merrier Each swimmer will be followed closely by a boat, manned and furnished by the Intramural department, sponsor of yhis ' event each year. The meet, which was to have ;beeh held today wab postponed til Friday due to unavoidable circumstances. M. L. Glevett, director of IntfaiUurai atidetics; in a statemehYmade yestbrday said that the river probably would hold Other entrants for the race and that he was glad; b^ l-be postponement because hie wished to see; every ;g0od;Boiiermak-; er swimmer registered on the card in the lobby'of the Memorial Gstunasium and the extra time permitted a further registratidn Of aspiring natators. Howeyer, ail names niUst be hfby Thursday afternoon. V; ..Awaids'tO WfoiUers'-r; An all-time record for the distance was set in 1933 by Max Lautenbach r^th a clocking of 23 ininutes 54 seconds. Last year’s; Winner G. H. Kerber, timed at 25 minUtes ;32 seconds, was closely followed by Bob Whitconib, Paul Vernor and A; P; Gillis. The winner of the event each year receives a silver trophy—-a small flgure of a poised swimmer-— and the next six men each a gold or a silver medal.
Soph<
men in tneUo-ed interelass Archery tournament Saturday morning. High score honors were Won by Esther Holtman. > Irene Boehm, chairman in charge of archeysr, announced last night that open practices for archery will be held every afternoon this week at 4 o’clock. Tentative plans to hold the inter - collegiate tournament meet Saturday morning. May 22, were discussed.
, y . I
oPesBestFrosh Bi ArclieW Toumameiit
.defeated the fresh-
BASBBALL
i. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Today
6—Bigma Alpha Epsilon Vs, PM ; Gamma Delta. Budd, refeme. i elMtJpsIlonvs.PhlEappaTaiti. .
AbeD;refer^;
Baseball Ends ‘vtr 1 1 ms Week
Notre Dame, Giieago Tilts Remain On Card University diamondmen will close the current season with two games this week. Notre Dame travels here for a second game with the Lambertmen, while Chicago is the team’s opponent oh Saturday. Coach Lambert announced that the pitching duties will fall to Rosser and Martin, with probably the latter pilchihg the flrSt gamh: and Rosser the seUond; The team also expects to give the RamMers h better game than they did on the occasion of the first meeting and they hope to break the chain of eleven gaihes; Which the Notife baitte teaih has piled up. ^ ^
■ ALL GABIPUS; GOLF - -f: ■. ;;;''roday■ ; ■ Mackey;. vs^TJickstein. RUyFiMlef . " Thomas vs. Ehihger. Bkske Vs. Brahie. Me Alpin vs. T. David.
Kap|>a Sigina Kappa Sigma fratemily anr''unces the pled^ng of Nathar Bush, Golumhus, and Carl E. Dahlheck, L^donville^ Vt;
ON ALL
FRATEENITY AECHERY
EXTRA SPECIAL PRIGES ON CERTAIN ;BpiEER:,LGTS ; FOR jptJRDUE Students theGe PRICES JYlLIi PREyAIL XJNTIL JUNE lOth '
All fraternity men Who have not participated he at range at 4 o’clock today. This will he the final day.
y -y T- > BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS y. T NATIONAL LEAGUE
SMART APPAKEL FUR MEN OPPOSITE THE MARS THEATRE
w.
L.
Pet
St. Louis
......18
9
.667
New York..
18
10
.648
Pittsburgh.—
14
18
.619
Chicago.....
......„..........14
18
.619
Cincinnati......
................14
16
.467
Boston..... ......
...........;....:.12
16
.444
Philadelphia....
.... ^..—..12
19
.387
Brooklyn.
il ,
18
.282
AMERICAN; LEAGUE
- x: w.:
L.
Pet
New York......:. ...
.......;..........21
9
.700
Boston.
...........:......21
11
.666
Cleveland........
.................17
11
.607
Detroit.............—....
..._ .16
14
.617
Chicago....
.13
18
.500
Washington....
--.16
16
.600
Philadelphia.
..................10
17
.870
St. Louis..................
24
.172
.4.:4 ■4 4:'H
h;'4 ■■4-4:
4"
4 4
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
;’-n^ional;.league ; Cincinnati, 9 ; BrooklsU, 6. St Louis, ;il : Philacleiphla, 6.' Chicago, 7-; Boston, 2. ; New; York, PittsWrgh, 2. '.x- -; ,;, AMERICAN league Boston, 2 ; Chicago, 9. . : ^ ; Detroit, 7: Washiiagton, 1, New York-at Cleveland; 3[M)Btponed, w^ grounds. Philadelphia at St., Louis'i posUnoned, wet -grounds. ' ' , ' ■
,4- -f'-y -h ■fx;^' TQDAY*S GAMES
national league Chicago at Boston. St. Louis at Philadelphia. Pittsburgh at New York. Cincinnati at Brooklyn. AMERICAN LEAGUE Washington at Deirdit. New York at Cleveland. Boston at Chicago. Philadelphia at St. Louis.
WT allow meal problems to iiitepferc Wiib yom familjr bapplDess7.;'-;;X7;v':.':.-For good m'^rds ar^
:420:;Mabi:$te'
InabiCty to Concentrate
Many times due to all your conscious attention; being required to see, not leaving sufScient menal ability to absorb: that being read without fatigue.
L* OPTOMETRIST ' 607 Main St.
a
f
and come ui) wRii a smile if imur b^voritie te?^ goes down iit Yeat. But you newsr take Rny^ chances with your adyertisiiig if yoii advertise m i^ ^;E;i^cateiiG'''
VMM
coine to life in the spring because the warm rain and suxtshine puts new life into them. And advertising will have the ^me effect 3^^ business.Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Grey checkered raincoat accidently exchanged. Will the owner call Granger, 45862.
Lost—White gold Bulova wrist watch in Armory, Friday. Finder call 6893. Reward.
For Rent—^Two WELL FURNISHED 3-rooraed apartments. Available June 6. 106 Wiggins. Phone 61714.
NOTICES
N* atfUeM Mefpfctfi sSftcr S Vb m.
Freshman Engrineers—Students carding assignment cards, but not taking engineering lectures, should report to the head of the school in which they plan to enroll before May 25 for a conference in 1986-37 schedule. —KNAPP.
In the track meet at Illinois last Saturday afternoon Purdue showed strength in the distance runs, dashes and the mile relay but were slightly weak in the field events and lost the meet by a score of 92 to 39. The mini took ten firsts and scored grand slams in five events to win the meet which was their first outdoor dual victory this season. Lakie Glendenning was outstanding for the Boilermakers, winning the half mile in 1:56.8 and running the anchor leg in the mile relay, which was won by Purdue in the time of 3:23.2. The Gold and Black cindermen also won the mile run, the 440, and the 220 yard dash. Bobby Grieve, one of the best dash men in the conference, and Wright, who won both of the hurdle events, were outstanding for Illinois.
The Tippec^anoe chapter of the Reserve Officers Association will entertain the senior cadet officers of the Purdue R. O. T. C. unit at a smoker this evening at 8 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Major E. S. Teaford, chapter president, will preside. Short speeches will be made by ,Lt. Col. Carlos Brewer, commandant; Major Stuart McLeod, executive officer for reserve affairs in this sector; and Capt. W. S. Gundeck, of South Bend, state president of the Reserve Officers Association. Lt. Col. W. A. Knapp, Lt. L. E. Endsley, and Lt. M. J. Roadruck make up the committee in charge.
Chi Epsilon Elects Officers For 1936-37
Summary The summary of the meet follows;
English 1 Students, Past and P?esMi,t— Students who have not yet made passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows: spelling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enrolled in English 1 will need a removal-of-condition card, in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF.
A. S. M. E. Members—Get magasines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. 1—SfflEUlS.
W^tey Foundation—^Meeting of American Student Union at 7 at the Foundation tonight. Important. —BRUCKLER
Tau Beta Pi—Picnic at- Ross Camp tomorrow evening. Meet in front of M. E. Building at 4 for transportation. —BURNHAM, WAIT
PEW Golf Classes—^If possible attend exhibition golf match at West Lafayette Country Club this afternoon at 2:45. —HAZLETON
MILE BUN—Won by Goory, Purdue; McGraw, Illinois, second; Gaines, Illinois, third. Time, 4:34.8. 440 YARD DASH—^Won by Bluemel, Purdue ; Speer, Illinois, second; Fifield, Purdue, third. Time, :60.9. 100 YARD DASH—Won by Grieve, Illinois ; McClure, Illinois, second; Lehman, Illinois, third. Time, :09.8. 120 YARD HIGH HURDLES—Won by Wright, Illinois; Robinson, Illinois, second; Brunton, Illinois, third. Time, :14.8. HIGH JUMP—^Riegel, Spurgeon, and Spurlock, all of Illinois, tied for first. Height, 6 feet, 2 inches. 880 YARD BUN—Won by Glendenning, Purdue; Terhune, Purdue, second; Spurlock, Illinois, third. Time, 1:68.6. POLE VAULT—Hackett, Garrison and Frary, all of Illinois, tied for first. Height 11 feet, 6 inches. 220 YARD DASH—Won by Vaughn-Catt Purdue; Grieve, Illinois, second; Lehman, Illinois, third. Time, :22.6. SHOT PUT—Won by Frary, Ilhnois; Reed, Purdue, second: Andres, Purdue, third. Distance, 44 feet. TWO MILE RUN—Won by O’Connell, Illinois : Goory, Purdue, second ; Schneider, Illinois, third. Time, 10:05.4. 220 YARD LOW HURDLES—Won by Wright, Illinois; Gill, Illinois, second; L^
Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary fraternity, in an election held in the Union Building last night, chose W. H. Keenan, Gatun, Canal Zone, president; C. T. Reynolds, Richmond, vice president; F. F. Maish, Tipton, secretary; R. R. Byington, Chicago, treasurer; and L. D. Wood, West Lafayette, associate editor of the Transit. These officers, all juniors in the school of civil engineering, will serve throughout the school year of 1936-37.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Ruth Copeland Misses WSGA
Co-ed Mass Meeting
men, Purdue, third. Time' :24.7. DISCUS THROW—Won by Frary, Illinois ; Glosecki, Illinois, second; Reed, Purdue, third. Distance, 125 feet 6 inches. JAVELIN THROW—Won by Welty, Illinois ; Grieve, Illinois, second ; Stewart, Purdue, third. Distance, 160 feet 6 inches. BROAD JUMP—Won by Brunton, Illinois : Wehling, Illinois, second; Spurgeon, Illinois, third. Distance, 23 feet 8 inches. MILE RELAY—Won by Purdue (Bluemel, Fifield, Terhune, Glendenning). Illinois second. Time 3.23.2.
Ruth Copeland, newly elected president of the W. S. G. A., failed to attend the mass meeting which she had scheduled for the purpose of introducing new officers and outlining plans for the coming year, due to an alleged illness. Jeanette Scudder, new vice president, presided over the meeting and introduced the new officers: Margaret Jones, secretary; Virginia Slocum, treasurer; Dorothy Martenet, junior class representative;
Mary Townsend, sophomore class representative, and Irene Feldt, the chairman of the judicial board. The housemothers of the various houses were also introduced by Jeanette Scudder. Organizer Speaks Josephine Murphy, organizer of the W. S. G. A. in 1932, spoke briefly to the girls. Helen Hall, retiring president, gave a resume of the past year’s activities. Jeanette Scudder and Helen Hall jointly gave the report of the district convention of the Intercollegiate Association of Women Students, held at Dennison University. Jeanette Scudder also paid tribute to Helen Hall for her loyalty in guiding the organization this year. A
training meeting will held for incoming sophomore and freshman mentors next year, and was In charge of Dr. Harriet O’Shea and Jeanette Scudder. There will be the final meeting for mentors today at 4 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building.
Radio Amateurs End Two-Day Round-Up
Discussions and addresses on technical phases of the development of amateur radio closed the fourth annual Amateur Radio Round-U^ here Saturday night. About 300 “hams” attended the two-day conference.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting tonight at 7:15 in the office. —FELDT
Unorganized and P. I. A. Science Students—Meet in P. I. A. office today: freshmen at 4, sophomores at 4:30. —WAIT
P. 1. A. Board-
-Meeting tonight at 7. HERSH
P. O. M. M.—All members meet in Union at 7 :45 tonight for election of officers. —TRUC
Kwpa Delta Pi—Meeting at 7 tonight. Election of officers. Bring 25c for supper last Friday. —ROBBINS
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation in tower room at 6 tomorrow. Banquet at 6:30. —ROBBINS
i '
Playshop—All persons who believe they are eligible for Playshop membership check list for your name in Playshop office between 4 and 5 :30 this afternoon. —HOLDEN
P. I. A.—Any independent who wishes to work on next year’s social committee meet in P. I. A. oilice in Union at 7 tonight. —SCHLUNDT
Zouaves—Meeting at 4 tomorrow in the Armory for election of officers. —WINTER
C3ioir—Rehearsal for Baccalaureate today at 4. —S’TEWART
West Lafayette Methodist Sunday School Class—Men’s class picnic is changed from today to tomorrow at 4:15, 143 South Grant MC FADDEN
W. A. A.—Open practices for archery every afternoon this week at 4 o’clock. . —BOEHM
Senior Women—Personality rating charts now ready and may be seen at any time by making an appointment at the women’s personnel office. —O’SHEA
W. A. A. Baseball—Juniors vs. seniors today at 4:46 o’clock. Game will be played in gym in case of rain. Class baseball managers meet in W. A. A. office immediately following the game to select the all-star team. —KELLY
P. O. M. M.—Keys now available for men who ordered them. _ —ENGELS
Glider piub—Flight schedules are posted in garage. —O’NEAL
Forestry Club—Election of officers tonight in room 109, Horticulture Bldg., 7 p. m. A full turnout is requested. —CRAIG
Xi Sigma Pi—Meeting tonights in room 816, Horticulture Bldg., 9 p. m. Election of officers. —CRAIG
Hort Club—Picnic tomorrow evening. All Horticulture students come. Meet at Horticulture Building at 4:80. —MORRIS
Gimlet—Meeting at 7 tonight in the Student Senate office. —HODGDON.
p. 0. M. M. INITIATION— P. O. M. M. initiated the following members yesterday :JEI. F. Antonini, N. G. Belury, S. T. Brewer, J. R. Burkhardt, J. E. Burroughs, M. E. Love, R. H. Lucas, B. A. McCandless, P. P. McDowell, J. J. Murphy, P. H. Rogers, b. B. Scott, B. E. Thomson, D. N. Wait, J. W. Wright.
-Anyway there’s no argument about that...
'0
r
pw"
0
1 C ;• ,
Wi
■ ^
aih.
WEDNESDAY LILY PONS 7 P.M. (C.S.T.)
FRIDAY DANCE PROGRAM 8 P. M. (C. S. T.)
KOSXBLANETZ ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS COLUMBU NETWORK
© 1936, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.