Adm. Leahy Pledges Aid For Retain
~ Carries U. S« Promise .To Help If Vichy Turns On Germany In Africa By Helen Kirkpatricl/ SPEClAXi CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc London, Jan. 6—Adm. 'William D. Leahy, newly.' arrived United States ambassador to 'Vichy, carries with him, this writer learns, a message- to Marshal Henri Petain, French chief hf state, which makes it clear that if the Vichy government or any of its members, feel it necessary to go to North Africa and xeopen the war on Germany, the United States will back them up with all the resources at its disposal. On the other hand, no doubt is left by that message, it is said, that if the converse is true—^if Vichy Jeels impelled to give Germany farreaching collaboration, it can expect absolutely nothing from the United. States. Offering Petain Best Support The United States, through Adm. Leahy, is offering Marshal Petain the best support it can, consistent with the policy it has adopted of giving full aid to the forces fighting against Axis domniation. Coming at this time, it is thought that it will help Marshal Petain considerably in his efforts to live up to the terms of the Franco-German armistice, but at the same time to avoid giving the Germans any more •collaboration than was promised under those terms. The British government yesterday gave its official recognition to Gen. Charles de Gaulle’s Council of Defense of Empire as Adm. Leahy arrived in Vichy. Britain’s attitude toward the free French forces and Vichy appears to Tun parallel’ to that of the United States.
Illini Whip Boilermaker Five, 49"34
From All Fronts-
Today's Summary Of War News~^
• Naxis To Bulgaria? Nazi troops will march into Bulgaria soon as the result of a German ultimatum, the United Press reports it is informed in private advices. Berlin ruled out all inquiries on Balkan troop movements as coming under the heading of military secrets.
Riveters Collapse In Last Half; Lose jj045 Advantage
o U. S. To Back France The message carried by Adm. William D. Leahy from President Roosevelt to Marshal Petain in Vichy yesterday, Helen Kirkpatrick learns, is that the United States will back up “with all the resources at its disposal” any French action in North Africa against Germany.
o British Drive Into Libya A correspondent who entered
Bardia, Italian outpost in eastern Libya captured by the British after a long siege, reports that mechanized units departed almost at once toward Tobruk, 70 miles away. There Marshal Graziani is expected to make what may b§ his final stand of the campaign.
By Joe Dolan, Exponent Sports Editor Champaign, 111., Jan. 6.— Purdue’s 1940 basketball five, opening its title defense at the home of the unpredictable Illini tonight, gave the packed house of 7,183 a lesson in playing hot and cold basketball all in one ball game, and then retired to t||ie showers on the very short end of a 49-34 count. It was a score that is a distinct contradiction to the real battle which had all Illini standing for 30 minutes. The half count of 20-16 displays the Riveters’ smooth functioning up to that period, as Purdue was leading at tea time.
Pest Controllers Meet Today For Fifth Annual Conference
Secretary Wickard Speaks At Farmers Conference Jan. IS
One Week Ag Course On Campus )an. 13-17
Ihevinnes To Present Concert In Music Hall Thursday Night At 8
• Nile Valley Safe For British With the taking of Bardia, cables William H. Stoneman from London, Alexandria and the Nile Valley are safe and Greati Britain has, for the first time in this war, a complete strategic military victory on land to her credit. Units of the Mediterranean fleet may be spared for duty elsewhere.
Josef and Rosina Lhevinne, dis--tinguished exponents of two piano art, will present a concert in the Dali of Music Thursday evening at 8 o’clock. Well known in musical circles the world over for solo performances and duets, the Lhevinnes have earned the reputation of being among the most polished and best coordinated of ensemble pianists. Doors will open for the concert at 7:16 p. ra. Admission will be,hy passports and season tickets. Sin^e admission tickets will be on sale at the door for one dollar. There will Le no advanced sale of tickets and no reserved seats. r.l.h.
• Italians Quash Bardia News In three brief sentences, which fail to tell of the surrender, the Italian high command communique dismisses the fall of Bardia. Count Ciano’s newspaper said, however, th&t perhaps the Italians “have had to give way already.”
Igney opened the ball game with a heave from the center that fell short, but Frosty Sprowl followed in for the initial blood drawing. Richmond, Illini guard, hit a free throw, but Blanken retaliated with the prettiest one-hand hook shot ever seen at Champaign. Purdue’s lead was short lived, however, as Drish and Richmond tried the free throw line and middle court for three points and a 4-4 tie. The clubs traded back and forth until three minutes remained in the half, at which time big Jake Weber, Sprowl, and Blanken shot the Boilermakers to a 20-15 lead, the lead that Purdue enjoyed during the rest period. Margin Whittled Away Illinois wasn’t ^ow in starting a whittling contest with the Puidue margin. Richmond made a foul, dutting the lead to four points. Sachs hit a field goal from the stadium or maybe the dressing room, and Richmond tipped one in the Suckers’ opening volley. Sprowl (Continued on page 4)
• Volunteers Fight Fires A huge volunteer fire department, including women and boys, was posted in London last night as German planes rained incendiary bombs. As quickly as a flare fell the volunteers dashed to rooftops and quenched the blaze, preventing, they believe, a catastrophe similar (Continued on page 4) __
Richard W. Gohl
. . . former University track star and graduate of the School of Engineering in 1932, took office as treasurer of Cass county at Logansport on January 1. Gohl is the youngest man to ever hold that position.
Identify These 1940 Headline Names
How many consider themselves well versed in the world news of the past year? According to Prof. O, F, Hall, of the history, economics, and government department, anyone who can identify at least 60 of the following 100 prominent newsmakers of 1940 is good—^most student "can’t do so. For the past 11 years Prof. Hall has been assembling such a list and presenting it after the Christmas jrecess to the students in his classes, testing their knowledge of the headliners of the preceding year. Few Know All In past years few students could identify such names as Howard Hughes and Herman Wells, while two years ago all 400 students in Hall's classes were able to identify the Lambeth Walk. Others to receive the honor of unanimous recognition are Shirley Temple, Amelia Earhart, and the Big Apple. If you’re feeling particularly ^ood at identifications. We are jihe names and phrases that figured prominently in the news of 1940. Indicate the newsmaking connections of each. The answers will appear iii tomorrow’s Exponent. 1. Adler, Mortimer J. 2. Armour, Norman
3.
Assay, Evelyn
36. Hoover, Herbert
67.
0-N-E P-I-V-E E-I-G-H-T
4.
Aydelotte, Frank
36. Hopkins, Dianna
68.
Oliver, Lam’ence
5.
Bardia
37. Jackson, Robert H.
69. 70.
Papegos, Alexander Parran, Thomas
6.
Barnett, E. E.
38. Jameson, Betty
71.
Pelley, W. D.
7.
Benny, Jack
39. Jehovah’s Witnesses
72.
Petain, Henri P.
8.
Bevin, Ernest
40. Jones, Jesse
73.
“Play of the Year”
9.
Brennero
41. Juliana
74.
Prien, Gunther
10.
Brooks, Van 'Wyck
42. Kennedy, Joseph P.
76.
Purvis, A. B.
11.
Bullitt, W. C.
43. King, Mackenzie '
76.
“Queen of the Ice”
12.
Camacho, Manuel Avila
44. Knudsen, William S.
77.
R. A. P.
13.
Chaplin, Charlie
46. Leahy, W. D.
78.
Rankin, Jeanette
14.
“Coach of the Year”
46. Little, Lawson
79.
Rauschning, Hermap
16.
Conkling, W. E.
47. Livermore, Je^se
80.
Roberts, Kenneth
16.
Davenport, Russell
48. “Lord Haw-Haw”
81.
Russell, Bertrand
17.
Davis, Chester C.
49. Lord Lothian
82.
Ryan, Mary
18.
Death!s Roll of Notables
60. McNary, Charles
83.
Roper, Elmo
19.
De Gaulle, Charles
61. McNeill, Don
84.
Seabiscuit
20.
De Seversky, A. P.
62. Mann, Erika
85.
Shaw, Wilbur
21.
De Valera, Eamon
63. Mannerheim, Carl Emil |
86.
Smith, Roy L.
22.
Dunkirk
64. Marble, Alice
87.
“Speech of the Year”
23.
Dykstra, C. A.
66. Marshall, George C.
88.
Stassen, Harold E.
24.
Elliott, Harriet -
66. Martin, Joe 57. Massey, Raymond
89.
Stritch, Samuel A.
26.
Epstein, Jacob
90.
TIME’S “Man of the Year”
26.
Fantasia
68. Matsuoka, Yosuke
91.
Trotsky, Leon
27.
Fenske, Chuck
69. Metaxas, John
92.
“Uncle Sam’s Trust Buster”
28.
Gallahadion
60. “Michigan’s Touchdown Tom-
93.
Villard, 0. G.
29.
George, Walter F.
my”
94.
Weigle, Luther A.
30.
Gestdng, Marjorie
61. Miilis, Harry
96.
Weygand, Maxime
31.
Halifax, Lord
62. Mitropoulos, Dimitri
96.
White, William Allen
32.
Harris, Roy
63. Murphy, Prank
97.
Wickard, Claude R.
33.
“Hero World War I, Martyr
64. Murray, Philip
98.
Willis, R. E.
World War II” ^
66. Narvik
99.
Wilson, Jimmy
34,
Hillman, Sidney
66. “Native Son”
100.
Wodehouse, P. G.
Defense First/ ^Bress Roosevelt Tells Thursday Heeling
New Congress
Turkey raisers, bee keepers, and hay makers will be among the many types of Hoqgier farmers represented at the annual University Agricultural Conference, a oneweek short course to be held here January 13 to 17. This meeting will be the big event of the winter for the several thousand men and their wives expected to attend. Among the many outstanding speakers who will address the various sessions of the conference is Claude R. Wickard, Ag. ’15, Secretary of Agricultuie. A native Indianan and operator of a farm in Carroll county, he will speak on “Agricultural Preparedness in America” at the Wednesday afternoon meeting of the group. Elliott To Crown Corn King President E. C. | Elliott will officiate at the crowning of Indiana’s corn kings and com princess at the annual banquet of the Indiana Com Growers’ Association Monday night. Beverly Meal, of Waldron, winner of the national com title at Chicago in December, will be the princess, and Charles N. Fischer of Shelby County, likewise winner of the national title, one of the kings. Other kings are Paul Kerkhoff, Montmorenci, and Ralph Kolkemeier, Shelby county. „ Specialized home economics meetings are expected to attract several thousand farm women from all parts of the state. A series of public forums on the art of homemaking will supplement the general sessions and entertainment programs. These women’s sessions will be Jield in the Hall of Music. Mrs. G. H. Brown of Farmland (Continued on page 4)
By e. J. Hart Special to the Purdue Exponent Washington, D. C., Jan. 6—President Roosevelt, profoundly serious, dressed in somber gray, arrived at the capitol today guarded more zealously than ever before to deliver his “state of-, the nation” speech. Reminiscent of "World War was the roping off of the capitol and the superabundance of police; admission to the building only to those with special permits. Congress, defense minded, applauded spontaneously, and showed intent to follow the President’s defense program. In his message on the “state of the nation,” to the joint session of the 77th Congress, the President told that body and the nation that “whatever stands in the way of the speed and efficiency in defense preparations must give way to the national needs.” “I find it necessaiy to report,” the chief executive said, “that the future and the safety of our country "and of our democracy are overwhelmingly involved in event beyond our borders.” He called on the nation to make all the sacrifices that the emergency demanded and asked that the people of the nation never accept a peace “dictated by aggressors or spoiisored by appeasers.”
More than one hundred pest control operators arrived here yesterday from all sections of the country for the University’s fifth annual conference. The conference, opened yesterday, will continue through Friday. The banquet for the conferrace wffl be Thursday with President Elliott acting as toastmaster. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division off education and applied psychology, will be the guest speaker. Discnss Pests And Controls Prominent pest control operators and officials of the state and national pest control operators’ associations will take part in the planned technical instructional program. Among the topics being discussed include: termites,‘principals of insect control, econondc importance of insects, mosquito and flea control, chigger and ham and cheese mite control, control equipment, insecticides, fumigation problems, and rat and mine clinic. ' |i Style Changes JjV. E. McCauley, assistant entomologist of the Illinois. Natural History Survey, Urbana, as visiting entomologist, will speak Thui^di^ about changes in building styles and faulty construction^ as important reasons for increase in termite infestations. McCauley is co-author of an illustrated circular, “Outwitting Termites in Illinois,” published by the Illinois Natural History Survey,
w.e.h.
Air Examining Board Opens Sessions Here
Registration Opens For 12-Week Aero Engineering School
A Flying Cadet Examining Board yesterday opened sessions on the University campus. The sessions will continue through January 7. The board is located in the Administration BuUding where it was established during its last stay at the University. It was pointed out by Captain E. H. Jose, president of the board, that applicants examined during the January period will have sufficient time to finish the current semester’s work before they will be expected to report for flying instruction. Applications may be made through the hiilitary department of the University or directly to the board. Interested students are advised by the board that to save time they should present with their applications a certified document attesting to date of birth, a transcript of college credits, three letters of recommendation, and three copies of th^eir applicatibns. hf .c.
L.C.PIgage Receives Post In Drawing Department
Lew C. Pigage'has been appointed as instructor in General Engineering to succeed F. W. Duff. Pigage holds degrees from the Mechanics Institute at Rochester, N. Y. and from Cornell university, but comes here from Duke university. Duff has been granted a leave of absence from the staff because of call to active duty in the U. S. Army. r.w.h.
Registration for one of the most significknt parts of the state ^ fense training program, a full time course in aeronautical engineering to qualify students as squadrem engineering officers, opened at Hie University yesterday in the engineering schools. The state program is part of a national one developed by Doau Potter, chairman of the national training program committee, and funds for it have been provided by the U. S. Office of Education. fl76,000 has been allotted to the part of the program directed by the University. ' - The courses will be of an engineering character on a college level to train industrial workers tn fill existing vacancies in defense industries it has been announced by Professor C. W. Beese, head of the University general engineering department. The aeronautical coarse will run twelve weeks, ihirollment is limited to fifty students. Must Meet Requirements Applicants must meet the genemd requirement for appomtment as flying cadets. -Although pl^sicnlteb quirements are less rigid tha»^ ^ose p^scribed for pilot trainmg, candidates must meet the standards for appointment in title army rmiecvn corps, Tbe training group will live a% Cary hall and will be in the dtaxge of Lt. Herman J. Ruoff who has been assigned frqm Channt Field as Commsmdant of the Air Training detchment. lhslx««tb» will be giv«s by Univwdty members. U^ii.fieujs, 2 - £dibydati.
tuesday# Jonuory 7, 1941
(pjuAduiL £xfsiDnent
The Fifth Column
The blitz boys g^t way ahead of a comment-stater daring a two week layoff. They didn’t shut down their misery mills for Christmas.
Bat Washington didn’t either.
Explosives are turning into dangerous playthings. One matter of fact investigator in a German blast incident reported blandly that . . .
Nd ttnce of the eight workmen was found.
And in England the law prohibits the erection of a factory for the concoction of combustibles within two miles of a king’s residence.
Bat they’ve only got one king.
Adolph seems to be more intent than ever on getting the world down on his neck. Besides getting set to march into Bul^ria tomorrow, he is meddling with St. Patrick’s constituents. There’s an Old tale that he quite apparently has never heard.
About two Irish Micks with a couple of picks at the battle of Copenhagen.
Th^ boys from the boot on the low end of the axis still haven’t got the sand out of their eyes in north A.frica. Bardia fell after a 20 day siege. The excuse . . .
Poor mileage on fascist spaghetti, r.m.s.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as sedOnd class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Inffiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at thd special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Jantiary 20, 1922. Published d&iiy except Monda$' during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Oelivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail Subscription $3.60
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor „ . . J. H. McKee Managing Editors . . D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, A. Purcell, L. W. RuSner, R. M. Skallerup, J L. 'Tiaugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D S. Powers, G. C. Landers , Promotion Manager, C F. Danglemajer, Accounts Manager, R. J, Shadford; Circulation Manager, R M. Recktenwald Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors; Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess Sports Staff Editor J. P Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P C Johnson, R O Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5058; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Armstrong Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff’ T B. Novey, R L Hadley, J Hoskins, S G Peterson, J F Zinski, A Worsley, A Chatfield V Barson
Hopkins Will Have Heavy Duties When He Reaches London
England Awaits Greatest Test
Experimental Station Releases New Bulletin
In Her History
Washington Quiet About Special Envoy's Trip
By William H. Stoneman
To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc
By Edgar Ansel Mowrer
SPECIAL CABLE Specif Dispatch from a Staff Correspondent Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Washington, January 6—While Whits House circles are mum concerning the precise mission that the President may be entrusting to Harry Hopkins, Washington insiders are convinced that there is plenty for a confidential emissary of the head’of the American government to do at London in the coming weeks. Hopkins left by Clipper plane for Europe today.
London, Jan. 6—President Eoosevelt’s message to Congress today was prefaced by a solemn warning by J. L. Garvin, editor of the Observer and the grand old man of British journalism, that the next six months would give Great Britain the greatest test of history. After that period has passed, according to Garvin, American production will turn the scales “for-
In the first place, /the absence from the British capital of any American ambassador, and the death of the British ambassador. Lord Lothian, have left BritishAmerican co-operation open at both ends. And long before Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy left his post, the London end had come to be of little use to the President. For Ambassador Kennedy’s views had come into almost complete opposition to those of the American administration. By sending his closest confidant to London, Mr. Roosevelt will re-establish personal relations with Prime Minister Winston Churchill of a closer type than he cares to confide to conceivable eavesdroppers along the transatlantic telephone.
A ‘Sort Of Grievance* These relations will need to be closer than ever before, if the present policy of all needful aid to Britain is to be nourished and implemented, for the Americans have a sort of grievance against Britain. ’ An Experiment In Partnership Parenthetically, it should, however, be said that the British and American governments are making an experiment in a new sort of partnershij)—one in which one country “governs” while another “administer8”vcertain leased sites.
People in Washington feel that neither the people of this country nor of the British Commonwealth of Nations should motivate our present partnership by sentiment. The United States is not helping Britain because it loves the British or approves the British empire as constituted, but because it believes a British victory to be a vital interest of this country.
Country Must Be Prepared Garvin, a long-standing, intimate friend of Prime Minister Churchill, reflects more the concefh of ofiicial people than his own when he writes that the country must be prepared to endure “everything” during the interim period. “The main condition of victory,” he says, is that Britain’s “hold-fast temper shall prove unbreakable before the weight of American production turns the scales forever against the usurpers. Through the next six months the watchword of the coimtry is to be, ‘stand up to everything.’ On the one hand, the implications of that vow are as stern as can be imagined. Whatever may be our reserves of courage and fortitude, we will need them all. On that score, let there be no delusion among ourselves or across the Atlantic.” “Hitler,” Garvin points out, “still wields some formidable advantages by comparison with the democracies. Within a matter of months, Garvin predicts, his relative position will begin to deteriorate. After that, if he has failed to bring down Britain in the first half of the year, his doom will be sealed. He must do his worst before American war production swings up halfway toward the peak. “That is why Hitler’s supreme attempt to wreak vengeance and destruction on this countiy, by all and every means he can employ, must be made within six months. By sea and air, the process is already at work in the shape of intensified warfare by both U-boats and bombers. That process is meant to work up by degrees to a climax. “We cannot presume for a single moment that the climax will be deferred until summer.”
Farm Management Staff Attend Meet
University farm management staff members were in New Orleans last week attending the annual meeting of the American Farm Economics Association. Dr. E. C. Young read a paper on “Economic Functions of Credit in Agriculture” and Mr. C. M. Hardin led the discussion. Dr. E. L. Butz is a member of the committee on index numbers which reported at the meeting, v.m b.
University Students
Therefore, it neither expects nor desires “gratitude” for anything we may do to help prevent a British defeat. Moreover, since the British we fightiiug primarily in self-de-fense and only incidentally in defense of civilization and democracy, Washington does not see any reason for feeling beholden to London. Admiration for British pluck is general and unlimited. But the British people—it is believed here—^have no ground for expecting gratitude from m.
Injured In ColUsion
Joe Day, CE ’48, suffered a fractured skull and two other students were hurt less seriously when their car collided with another automobile and a truck as they were returning to Vincennes for the holidays December 21. Patty Prigge, HE ’43, wrenched her back and Suzanne Schwaitz, HE ’44, suffered a wrenched shoulder. Charles Horn, Indianapolis Negro who was driving the other automobile, was arrested a w.h.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
IVEHTDBEI tONANGEI rSPEGTACLEI JHRIUSl
jeanSthur
. / WILLIAM Holden • WARREN WIUIAM . PORTER HAU
Ag Education Society Will Choose Officers
Annual election of officers will feature a meeting of the Agricultural Education Society tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union, according to Paul Crooks, president of the organization. A motion to combine the offices of secretary and treasufer -will also be considered. Candidates are: for president, J. T. Conrad and P. H. Goris; for vice president, T. W. Hays and E. L. Callahan for treasurer, F. A. Fiscus and L. D. Bowman; for secretary, R. C. Jones and H. T. Armstrong. Three of a slate of four candidates, C. E. Bowman, A. D. Leurs, Z. P. Lieurance and P. K. Lash, will be selected as senior members of the executive committee. Three junior rembers will be chosen from H. M. Logan, C. W. Coy, A. E. Russell and W. H. Reibold, and two sophomores from E. V. Brown, M. D. Johnson and Newton Hatfield. j.h.a.
Ticket Exchange For 3 Big-10 Games To Start Thursday
V«teBtry Club: Meeting; Tu494sR', JanlUtfy 7, At 7:80 p. m. in Hori Building. PfctUfes on forest fife control Will be shown. Members of dande committee urged to attend. Refreshments will be served —HESTERBER6
Peace Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, Jahuary 9, at 7:30 p m in room 307 of Union. —LONG.
List Students To Report For Pistol Team Practice
Exchange of coupons from student identification books for reserved seats for the next three home Big Ten basketball games will begin Thursday, January 9, for seniors; Friday, January 10, for juniors; Monday, January 13, for sophomores; and Tuesday, January 14, for freshmen. These three games are scheduled shortly after the opening of the second semester, include Indiana, February 1; Illinois, February 3; and Chicago, February 8. Tickets will be valid for these games only if the student idontifleation cards are properly validated with the second semester registration stamp when presented with student tickets at the door of the Fieldhouse. January graduates will not need tickets. Following the distribution of student tickets, any remaining seats will be placed on sale to the general public, a.r.w.
CefCc: Regular meeting Will be held on Tuesday, January 7, at 7 p. a» in room 232 of Union. —DRABBNSTOTT.
PEW; All freshman and sopbomore women taking physical education are required to have a posture picture taken. All pictures must be taken by Wednesday noon, January 8. Golf classes will meet as usual on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. —HAZBLTON.
Marriage Course Seniors: Meeting this week will be on Wednesday, January 8, at 7.80 p. m at the Foster Shop, at corner of Fifth and Main. Bring term roxmrta and cards for grades —BANdROFT.
Independent Staff: Assignments are posted m the PIA offee Report Wednesday, January 8, for work promptly at 7 p m —SELKOWITZ.
NYA Students: Checks are available for the period ending December 16, 1940, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Underclassmen: Those interested In working on PIA dance class committee report to the PIA office Wednesday, January 8, at 4 p. m —HUMPHREY.
Reamer Club: Members desiring baskei/ball tickets for the next three conference games may leave coupons in the PIA box at the Blast desk of the Union before noon Wednesday, January 8 _ —JHLNICK.
NOTICES
“Heat Transfer by Radiation,” a new technical bulletin, has been released by the engineering experiment station. This bulletin contains information which was presented at the University last April in a series of lectures for graduate students by Prof. W. J. Wohlenberg, Sterling professor of mechanical Engineering at Yale university. Much of the data presented in the bulletin was developed by Professor Wohlenberg through research and is not to be found elsewhere. The lectures given last spring were for advanced engineering students, teachers from the University and other engineering schools, a.c.
Following men are to report for pistol practice today at 4 p. m., according to Glenn L. Brown of the military department. Those having 4 o’clock classes may report at 6 p. m. All varsity pistol team members are expected to be present to help enforce safety measures. H. N. Allen, 0. W. Brackman, J. H. Buehler, J. C. Clough, J. J. Colon, G. C. Dodson, R. Essig, L. Estep, C. Eves, B. Fisher, D. E. Frankenhauser, B. W. Gibson, D. E. Glaspie, L. H. Gray, J. A. Hammer, 0. W. Harding, G. Heidenrich, R. A. Hoke, R. Howes, A. C. Jackson, Max Jasol, R. A. Johnson, W. Koester, H. L. Koontz, R. A. Lancet, M. E. Lieurance, R L. Long. McDonall, T. T. Makielski, J. R. Meacham, R. F. Miller, J. B. Morrison, H. J. Moulton, W. J. Newill, C. C. Noblitt, T. C. Noland, B. D, Oliveria, J, L. Onila, J. W. Oswalt, G. E. Paine, C. E. Robertson, S. Sayles, W. H. Schmidt, R. H. Shelbom, J. H. Simpson, G. T. Sollitt, G. R. Stockmeier, T. T. Taylor, D. K. Tippey, J. D. Titus, W. E. Wagar, D. R. Welter, S. H. Wheeler, J. H. Wood, W. Clinnin.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Thursday evening, January 9, at 7 p m. in room 802 of the Union. It is scheduled earlier because of the convo. —GRIFFIN
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 8 p m in Old Chestnut room of Union Prof Charles Murphy will speak Refreshments will follow Full attendance desired —OSWALT
Debris Sophomore Salesmen; Meeting m Debris office Wednesday, January S, at 4 —LANCET
Women Fencers: Required practice on Tuesday January 7, at 4 p m Tourney will begin again Friday —McFarland
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 7 16 p m in the gym fob all members. —STEIGERWALD
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, Januaiy 7, at 6 p m In Women’s Lounge of Uiuon —CARROLL
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal at 4 46 p i January 7 Compulsory attendance —STEWART
Freshman Association of Purdue Christian Foundation: Meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 8 '16 p m in room 802 of Union -REYNOLDS
WSGA Executive Board: No regular meeting on Wednesday, January 8 Next regular meeting will be held the week after finals —ZWIERLEIN
PCF Cabinet: Meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 6 ’30 p m for dinner and business at 126 S Chauncey —Reynolds
Sophomore Union Workers: Riding club committee meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 4 p m in Union office Bossong, Herold, Hoffer, Fassnacht, Meyer, Miller, Nelson, Sheehy, Schickler, Schuber and Von Behren please be present —HEPBURN
All Students: Those interested in joining the Westminster co-op house ctil Everett Hood at 3747 —HOOD
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, January 7, at 7 ’30 p m Ask at Union desk for room number —GERSTUNG
Mid-Year Graduates: Especially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgieal and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of all branches, the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation desires to interview men between now and time of graduation The address is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago —ARM
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room 328 of Union Tuesday. January 7, at 7:80 p. m Bob Horn will speak —NORQUEST
During the gridiron season, a Chicago meat packer displayed regulation size footballs filled with sausage meat.
It SALE ™ CUE LIQUID BOTTLES DENTIFRICE 26t
LUMA
TODAY - WtD.—2 HITS
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS WED. JAN. 8th ADVANCED THURS. JAR 9th 6:30 P. M. JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS SAT. JAN. 11th 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES SAT. JAN. 11th
ALLEN’S «th a ferry
FREE
iWif When you
CASHMERE z^far BOUQUET BOT^H COLD CREAM 25^
FOR CLEANSING
COLGATE DENTAL CREAM
PALMOLIVE
SHAVE CREAM
UTHEROR BRUSRLESS
COLGATE
SHAVE CREAM
UTHER OR BRUSHLESS
‘VASELINE
HAIR TONIC
HALO SHAMPOO
University Drug Co.
FR^EE DELIVERY On the Corneiv—By the Stop Light
a—MMPwuiusi £xfiomnt
Tvtesdfay, Jcmuairy 7, 1041
^age. 3
Eastwood Finishes Wth Annual Sfirvey Of Fatalities On Gridiron Football fatalities are still on the decline according to the figures released by Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood of the University physical education department. In his report which he recently presented before the Committee on Injuries and Fatalities of the American Football Coaches Association in New York, Dr, Eastwood placed the number of deaths due directly to football at eight. This is the fourth straight year that the figure has been dwindling, last year’s mark being 12.
Tenth Report
These figures are a part of Dr. Eastwood’s tfenth annual survey of the nation’s football fatalities and injuries. The first survey was in 1931 when 33 fatalities were reported, the highest number thus far. This report covers the playing fields of the nation’s colleges, high schools, athletic clubs and sandlots. Only one of the eight deaths occurred in college football, one at an athletic Olub and, strangely enough, only one occurred on the sandlots. The renlainder, five, were attributed to high school football. All figures were smaller than in previous years.
Decrease Shown
Since 1931 sandlot deaths have decreased 90 per cent; college deaths 87.6 per cent; athletic club deaths 66.6 per cent, and high school deaths 68.3 per cent. Four additional deaths due at least in part to football were reported. This compares favorably
to the six reported last year and the 19 reported in the peak year of 1931. Heart trouble and infection following injury were given as th'' causes of death in this group.
Causes Of Death
Of the fatalities due directly to football the causes of death were given as cerebral hemorrhages, spinal cord lacerations and internal complications. , This report which clearly shows the progress that has been made toward safeguarding the football player, has been submitted to the football rules committee of the National Collegiate Athletic Association for consideration. Dr, Eastwood believes that the figures can be further slashed if greater care
is taken. e.c.y.
Of South Dakota State college’s 1940 graduates who sought teaching positions, 91 per cent have jobs.
RADIO - SERVICE - PARTS CROSLEY - sentinel - MOTOROLA Small Sets, wireless record players, combination radio and phonograph. Service on all makes at reasonable prices. C. B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827-29 Main Street IPhone 7950
“REST ASSURED”
ext
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blexzer Aircoxiditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafexyette
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK dr. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• jewelers
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Va Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Hays jewelry Co.” Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 5^4 Main St.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
^Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 ahd up
-
Squashmen Return From Eastern Trip Face lAC Here Sat. Back from the holiday invasion of the East where they fared none too well in a serie® ''f six matches against the leading collegiate exponents of the game, Purdue’s squash racquet squad has launched preparation for the second of its three matches with the Indianapolis Athletic Club here Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock. The Boilermakers, who gained invaluable experience on the eastern jaunt, are hopeful of reversing the verdict with the I. A. C. combination which chalked up a 7-6 victory in the last meeting in Indianapolis. Although individual matches were much closer than meet scores would indicate, the Boilermakers failed to win a single meet on the eastern trip. Purdue was blanked by Harvard, Yale and Williams, and lost to Pennsylvania, M. I. T., and Amherst bji identical 4 to 1 scores. Firemen Extinguish Blaze In Beauty Shop Basement Fire believed to be caused by spontaneous combustion broke out in the basement of the Lefae Beauty shop at J.30 Northwestern avenue early last night. The fire was mostly smoke and was extinguished in twenty minutes by the West Lafayette fire department. More confusion was caused by a broken hose than by the fire, t.b.n.
A call-out has been issued for prospective freshmen track managers to report Wednesday night at 4:16 in the Fieldhonse.
Irishman's ' Illusions
Most sports editors like to look in retrospect upon the year just passed and call the most this and mostest that about the 1940 seasons of sports, but I suppose here at the Boilermaker institution we can find enough “most” stuff to expound upon: here goes. ^ -I-I-Most startling result: Purdue’s wrestling team wins the mid-West AAU wrestling championships. Most disappointing team: I imagine it’s the grid squad. Most colorful team': The basketball squad. Most popular victory: Purdue’s defeat of lilini last February in the last seconds to cop the conference toga. Most surprising team: The swimming team, just keeps on getting better. The sport’s growing also. ^ Most courageous stand: The football team at Minnesota during the last half, limiting the Gophers to one touchdown during that time, and that in the last two minutes. Most unpredictable individual: John Galvin. Most optimistic individual: Any athlete who sits on a bench for three seasons. Most pessimistic individual: Ted Axton, the lad can argue over nothing, Petty doesn’t do bad either. Most aggravating situation: The referees giving Wisconsin five downs—and the Badgers didn’t even make it—^the first half. Most outspoken individual: Any pep session speaker. Most amazing performance: Ted Axton’s 60 minute performance in five consecutive ball games, 360 minutes straight—^and no injuries —and he’s on the bottom, too. Most sensational comeback: The
Riveter Swimmers Star In Florida Aquatic Meets A two week training period for fifteen members of the Boilermaker jswimming squad ended on January 5 when they and Coach Dick Papenguth returned from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. There, during the course of the sixth annual Aquatic Forum the Riveters made a very fine showing against some of the top swimmers of the country. Annual Affair
tdakomsL dSadc to fiWtdwL We Wish You All a Happy and Successful New Year
PURDUE BOOK^SIPPIY STORE
UU <.nBCinr-. MMMBAk
30a-IO STATE STREET WE IT VA FAYETTE IND
Purdue victory at Iowa in football after swallowing the Ohio State medicine. Took a lot of guts. Most courteous individual: Thomas Melton, football co-captain for this coming season. Most vicious performance: Bill Combs, junior end playing against giants—but never outplayed or maneuvered. Most pathetic sight: The Purdue football team after Franck of Minnesota had returned the opening^ kiekoff for a touchdown. Most scared: First night members of Purdue’s Golden Glove team, or a sophomore taking the playing area for the initial time. Most successful promoter: Boxing coach, Joe Benna. Most over-ballyhooed individual: I’m cutting my throat; Dave Rankin . . . but he and Purdue’s name made headlines nation-wide where football victories failed. Most heckled individual: Any referee working a Purdue game before a Purdue crowd. Most temperamental: Ward Lambert at the height of battle. Watch him. Most rabid fans: Not even close . . . The Delts when Frosty Sprowl enters or leaves a ball game. Most ..lovable character: Red Mackey, the assistant football coach who must coordinate everything, and still has time to smile all the time with a helping hand for everyone. Most dominating in their fields: Nothing, we have “balanced” groups of performers. I’m supposed to say that. Most self-assured athlete: Don Blanken, the elastically built fellow around the appendages. Most misleading physique: Basketball captain Bob Igney. Most changeable: A schedule with Chicago University. Most untimely statement: This column, every morning. Most spirited performance: Purdue vs. Indiana in anything—even chess. Most amazing organization: Dr. S. J. Miller’s mis-fits, his pill rollers; even the Kappa’s beat ’em. Most red-faced: The guy who said the Theta Chi’s didn’t deserve the homecoming decoration prize (look who’s talking). Most improved outlook: Dutch Fehring’s baseball team. Most carefree individuals: Swede Anderson, soph half, and Alex Luego, soph center.'
Annually, during the course of the Forum, a team of western swimmers meets a similar team from the East in a competition which usually is the highlight of the two-week period. This year Coach Papenguth was signally honored when he and Charles Imel of Keyon College were selected to coach the West team which won an oustanding victory over the East, 130-64. Papenguth was as well pleased with the showing of the Riveter contingent on the West team as he was with the Western victory itself. Competing against the country’s leading collegiate swimmers, Fred Herr took second in the 50 yard free style, and Joe Williamson swam on the winning 400 yard breast stroke relay combination. Riveters Rank High Other Boilermaker honors were scored when Frank Branner swam on the victorious 200 yard free style relay combination, and James Shaw took fourth in the 50 yard back stroke. In the 200 yard free style relay quartet, Jack Staney was a member of the second place team. Jack Horn had a berth on the third place foursome. Vernon Hansell, freshman, took fourth in the 440 yard free style, while Jack Carney was a member of the 400 yard free style relay team. Ted Anderson and Art Pier were both members of the team that took third place in the 200 yard back stroke, while in the 200 yard breast stroke relay Ed 'Kngley and Bob McCay were both on the winning team and Walter Frank and George Soderling on the third place team. Papenguth Recognized In addition to coaching the Western team. Coach Papenguth was also recognized for his leadership among the country’s swimming mentors when, as a result of his development of champion Patty Aspinall, he was requested.^to address one of the Forum’s sessions on the breast stroke. ' This coming Saturday the Boilermakers Will open their dual meet schedule when Hiey engage Northwestern at Evanston. Following meets with Michigan and Michigan State on January 25 and February 1, respectively, the Riveter swimmers will make their first home appearance against Illinois here on February 5. j.8.k.
ANOTHER YEAR / Yes —1941 is here. Throughout the past years we have strived to offer the best, most efficient service to our customers. In this, and other years to come, we will continue to build our already enviable record.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St After You, We Come FirstJjumli^ JoUl hnuary 1941 Dear Dad: Well, 1 though I had made up my mind about where the U. S. should stand in this world conflict, but in the past few weeks I have become more confused than ever. You'll remember that in my last letter I defended my position as an isolationist with my customary vehemence. Now I have neither the heart to defend my position nor the conviction to abandon it. Frankly, as I have said to you so many time before, I expect to see us involved in this new war before next summer. Our strong pro-British attitude in our foreign policy could have no other result in a prolonged conflict. That, however, isn’t the point that I’m confused about. My confusion resolves itself principally around the question of our aid to Britain. Last spring my reaction to the suggestion of war was violent. There was, I said, absolutely no i’eason for America’s entry into the quarrels of Europe. In short I advocated a policy of complete isolationism. In this I was in accord with a great many others in this country of ours, particularly the younger generation who would be most affected by our entry into war. To this policy I have been held in spite of certain modifications to give aid to Britain: But now I find myself faced with a problem which must be answered by me and millions of others in the U. S. now and definitely. We can no longer ride the middle of the road. And it is a problem which you may or may not have answered for yourself. As for me I am just confused. I have been in the habit, as you know, of reading the News and the Trib for a long time and I just can’t get a good picture of what is happening currently within our country. Two principal factions, the Committee to Defend America by Aiding the Allies and the No Foreign War Committee. For the past month or so these committees have chased each other across the front pages until they have me dizzy. They both want peace—don’t we all—^but that is the only point in which they are in complete agreement. White’s committee are war mongers and Wood’s committee are appeasers. It isn’t just this name calling that bothers me, Dad. It’s the fact that both committees boast many members whose sincerity and loyalty to country can hardly be doubted that has given me a headache. If the men who are supposedly running the business of this country can’t agree how can they expect us, America’s manpower, to be united behind any program of defense ? It would seem on the face of things that our policy should be to aid Britain as much as possible but as I said before such a policy can only lead to war as an eventuality. To this I am resigned. This is dependent, of course, upon a turn for the worse in England. If we accept this as a logical promise then it looks to me as if we must be prepared now to either unequivocally embrace England as our ally and thus mortgage our peace or renounce her now, preserve our peace and accept a world dmninated by Hitler. If I have been logical i nmy reasoning here. Dad, what are our national leaders quarreling about? Certainly no one expects England to win without us do they? If you are anything of a seer. Dad, or if you can see through any of the smoke that has gone up in the past few weeks please put me straight because right now I’m all mixed up and I’d like to have a little peace of mind. Not that I’m letting myself be governed entirely by what these men say but some of them are certainly in a better position to know what is going on than I am. Your Son. The Year Begins Time has started another of the spiralling years. It is hoped that you return to your student duties and activities with pleasant memories of the holiday and with renewed strength and spirit for serious, successful work. Without being told, you are aware of the coming days of scholastic testing. Those who believe in preparedness are already ready. If not already ready, then your next week must be given over to getting ready. However, do not rely too much upon that “B semester average” which you thought you had on December 21, 1940, or you may be badly shocked when you read the examination questions. If you have been the right sort of Purdue student, you will
not need to attempt to do a whole semester of studying during the next few days. At any ra*te keep yourself in training by proper eating, sleeping and exercising. This is timeworn stuff. ,Yet the semester examinations are not the toughest part of the job. The prospects of days immediately ahead are grim. Determine to keep yourself fit— fit to maintain your own self-respect—fit to uphold the high repute of Purdue students—and fit for the many uncertain tasks before all of us. Edward C. Elliott
Types of Positions^ Training for production. Training Desired; Senior ChE, ME, January graduates. Special Qualifications and Information: Those interested must sign up before January 9, 1941, at 4 p. m.
War News (Continued from page 1) to that which r&zsfL the financial district.
Illini Whip Personnel Notes
(Continued from page 1)
received his third personal and Lambert started to stem the Orange and Blue tide with substitutions. Biley, Korschot, Mickey Tierney, Kieffer, and Igney were sent back into the game. But the home team was rolling mentally and materially. The Boilermaker machine suddenly became colder than even Admiral Byrd’s best thermometer would dare to read. Purdue’s pressure defense broke up a lot of Illini advances, but the usual two points failed to materialize for Purdue. Drish, Sachs, and 6-4 Mathisen filled their hoop while Purdue was working its head off to keep within shouting distance. The sad news in numbers: PUEDUE (34) FG FT PF Sprowl, f 6 2 3 Kieffer. f 0 0 1 Blanken, f 8 3 0 Korschot, c Ill Weber, c 0 2 2 Nuctzel, c 0 0 2 Riley, g 0 0 0 Conrad, g 0 0 0 Biemker, g 12 3 Tierney, g 0 0 1 Caress, g 0 0 3 Igney, g 10 1 Totals 12 10 17 ILLINOIS (49) FG FT PF Hocking, f 0 0 0 Drish, f 4 2 2 Evers, f 2 2 2 Shirley, c 0 11 Mathisen, c 4 6 3 Sachs, g 2 0 3 Wukovits, g 0 0 3 Eichmond, g 6 4 3 Totals 17 16 17 Free Throws Missed: Sprowl 2, Blanken 3, Nuetzel 3, Mathisen 2, Drish, Richmond. Referee: Gale Robinson, Indiana. Umpire, Lyke Clarno, Bradley.
Wickard Talks (Continued from page 1) will conduct the annual meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association on Thursday at which Prof. Leila R. Gaddis of the University, state leader of home economics extension, will be honored at a special ceremony. Among the organizations holding their meeting along with the general assembly are the Indiana Beekeepers Association and the state turkey raisers. G. W. Kable, editor of Electricity on the Farm, will address a meeting Tuesday morning devoted to rural electrification, while Lewis Withrow of Romney, Tippecanoe county farmer, will discuss temporary silos at a dairy and agronomy meeting held at the same time, j.h.a.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
RESTORES
LIFE
TO FABRICS
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
Crown
riME CLEAliEIIS OP FINE CL 0 T H E S
Company: Indiana Steel and Wire Company, Muncie, Ind. Company’s Products: Wires of all types. Types of Positions: Production and Maintenance. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering. Special Qualifications and Information: Prefer men with some machine shop experience.
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipment. Representative: M. L. Frederick. Date of Visit: February 3, 4, and 6, 1941 .Will Interview: Senior Engineers and Science. Types of Positions: Training for business positions.
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipment. Representative: M. M. Boring. Date of Visit: February 3, 4, and 5, 1941. Will Interview: Senior EE, ME. Types of Positions: Training course for engineering positions. Special Qualifications and Information: Men ilot interviewed previously may be interviewed at this time. These men should fill out G. E. interview blanks, which may be secured at the Personnel Office. Men previously interviewed will be called for appointments.
Company: Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, Ind. Company’s Products: Pharmaceutical Supplies.
Company: R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company, Crawfordsville* Ind. Company’s Froducts: Printing, Engraving. Representative: T. K. Cramer. Date of Visit: During week of January 6, 1941—date to be announced. Will Interview: Senior ME, January men. Types of Positions : Training for production supervision. . Company: Aladdin Industries, Alexandria, Ind. Company’s Products; Lamps and Stoves. Types of Positions: Ffeduction control and time study. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering, January graduates. Salary; $150.00 per month. Company: Faultless Caster Corporation, Evansville, Ind. Company’s Products: Furniture and truck casters. Types of Positions: Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Senior Engineers, January graduates. Special Qualifications and Information: Those interested fill out application blanks at Personnel Office. Elmer Bruhn Joins Aeronutical Staff Elmer Bruhn, aeronautical engineer, has been appointed associate professor of Aeronautical Engineering at the University. He is to devote about three-fourths of his time to defense training programs. Professor Bruhn has been in charge of structural research with the B-J Aircraft Corporation and with North American Aviation. Since 1935 he has been on the staff of the Vought-Sikorsky company. Recently he was project engineer on the new 30-ton trans-Atlantic flying boat for the American Export company. a.c.
• Next Six Months Critical On the eve of President Roosevelt’s message to Congpress, J. L. Garvin, known as the grand old man of British journalism, warned that the next six months will give Great Britain the most severe test of history. After that time has passed, he believes, American cooperation will turn the scales "forever.” Tommy Harmon of Michigan is so busy that he has hired a secretary to keep track of his mail. He receives an average of 80 letters a day.
MARY JANE YEO
and
JO ANN DEAN of Now York's Skating Hit "It Happens on Ice" at the Rockefeller Center Theatre
It’s the cooler
better-tasting... milder cigarette
It’s called the SMOKER’S
cigarette.., Chesterfield... because it’s the one cigarette that gives you a COMPLETELY SATISFYING smoke. You try them and find them COOL and PLEASANT. You light one and find they really TASTE BEHER. You buy pack after pack and find they are MILDER.
• Lloyd George To Join Cabinet David Lloyd George, World War prime minister, is almost certain to be taken into the Churchill war cabinet, it is asserted in London. He is to be charged with domiestic matters, it is reported, including the task of bringing closer together the Conservatives and the Laborites.
o Red Envoys Recalled Soviet envoys to four countries were recalled to Moscow for a conference today, according to dispatches from Bucharest. Berlin refused to comment ofi the reports. Rumania cut telephonic communication with the outside world and stopped trains at the border.
o Hopkins Personal Envoy “By sending his closest confidant to London,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, commenting on the visit abroad of Harry Hopkins, "Mr. Roosevelt will re-establish personal relations with Prime MinisterChurchill of a closer type than he cares to confide to conceivable eavesdroppers along the transatlantic telephone.”
A,