XLVII
LAPAY4'»>r;^ INDIANA, TUESDAY, PEBRUABY 26, 1936
^mSMBrnW:.
''
Pharmacy Staff Speaks On Naniolics Series Of Radio Addresses And Speeches
Scheduled
Yesterday at three o’clock Dean
C. B, Jordan, of the school of Pharmacy gave a talk on “The Pur-
pose of Narcotic Education Week
over WBAA- This was the first of a series of appearances and radio addresses arranged by the School of Pharmacy, in connection with the tenth annual . observance of
Narcotic Education Week. Pharm'
acy staff members will speak before local groups as well as over WBAA.
Other talks over WBAA are
scheduled at three o’clock Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, when H. G. DeKay will discuss “Opium and Opium Smoking’’. The final radio address will be at one-thirty Friday afternoon when C. J. Zufall
will speak on “Marihuana”. In addition to the radio talks,
the staff mepobers will speak to a number pf jiuhchebn clubs and other group? during the week, the speakers and subjects being as follows: Monday, Exchange Club, C. J. Zufall, “Marihuana”; Tuesday, Dean
C. B. Jordan and C. J. Zufall, “Narcotic Education Week” and “Mari huana”; also oh Tuesday, Tippe
canoe County Council lof Religious Education, C. J. Zufall, “Marihuana”; Wednesday, Optimist Club, C. J. Zufall, “Marihuana”; Thursday, League of Women Voters, “Narcotic Education Week”, and “Marihuana”; Friday, Tippecanoe County Druggist’s Association, H.
W. Heine, “Narcotic Education'
and “Marihuana”.
How To Get An
Theme; You Grade lt> A Cbiurunist of the Los; Angeles Junior Collegian tells the story of an ^stern college studfent Who, realizing at the last minute that a paper wafe due in his compositiOh class, snatched one irom the fraternity “library” j typed it, and handed it in. When the paper was returned, a bright red “A” was at the top, with a note to see the pro-
fessor.
“Did you think this paper was worth an ‘A’?” the instructor
asked.
“Why, no,” answered the student modestly. “I only expected a ‘B when I wrote it.” “Well, it’s worth an ‘A’, see?” replied the professor. “When wrote it 15 years ago, it got only a ‘C’i I am glad to see that it finally got its due recognition,”
Capacity Crowds . Attend Concerts Capacity crowds attended both concerts presented by the University Concert. Choir at Huntington and Fort Wayne last Sunday after-: noon and evening. Following the program given at the First Presbyterian church in Huntington, the choir members were the guests at a tea given in their honor by the young people’s organization of the church. John Brubaker, soloist in the choir, was host to members of the choir following the concert given at the First Methodist church in
Port Wayne.
Variety programs were presented at both churches with Charlotte Stewart, Riley Shuttleworth, and John Brubaker featured” as'bbloists. J. Robert Hammond played the accompaniments for the choir. '
Plecige Frosh AtGdtillioii Skull And Crescent T& Announce Pledges Early This Year Skull and Crescent pledges, picked from the freshman class, will be announced this year at the Sophomore Cotillion which will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom March 13, W. C. Mushan, chairman of the membership committee announced last night. Skull and Crescent is a sophomore honorary organization. Its members are chosen from the freshman class each spring, Eligibility for membership is based upon student activitie? and scholarship. Formerly the pledges were announced later in the semester but this year the new moye was decided upon to eliminate the confusion of the last week rush near the end of
the semester.
In order to eliminate crowding during the dance due to the reduced size of the ballroom how that the addition is under construction, ticket sales will be limited to 300. Tickets, selling at $2 will be available Friday and may be had at the Union desk or from any Skull and Crescent member. The dance will last frOm 9 until 1 o’clock and 2 o’clock hours have been granted co-eds. Although no band has been selected as yet, arrangements have been made with a booking agent and the Cotillion committee said the selection will be made soon
Ice Jsims River; Crowds: 'iaxntj0<my TNT jamslco Lafayette’s army of cuiribsity seekers found unusual entertainment Ihte yesterday when approx-r imately a hundred pounds of dynamite was used in an attempt to break up the ice jam winch had formed between the Main ahJ Brown Street bridges. Another jam about a mile upstream and one at the half-way mark between Lafayette and West Point were the only other nearby menacing points. Two-minute fuses were used in firing the charges thrown bn top of the ice while an electric firer was psed when the explosive was allowed to drift under the beds of . Those in charge believed that if this jam were opened, the pressure of the fiOating ice would rer lieve the congestion about five miles down stream.
JUiailK LUMCiKTOBIO . • Caricature of the promineat coh ored “swing hand” leader wh®, with his orchestra, will play here in the Memorial Union Ballroom at the regular weekly mixer on Sat-
urday, March 7.
Co-eds To Hear Marital Talk Dr. Lee Will Speak In Union Lounge TonigM As the second of a series of marital lectures for senior women. Dr Mary Morgan Lee will speak on “The Psychological Aspects of Married Life”, at 7 o’clock tonight in the women’s lounge of the Meihorial Union Building. Only senior co-eds will be admitted to the lectures, but. it is not necessary to bring schedule cards, as names will be checked from a list compiled by W. S. G. A. Dr. Lee, who is a woman physician of Chicago, spoke last year to all of the co-ed hygiene classes, and has been addressing co-ed groups on this campus for several years.
Kappa Sig’s Win Uiiioii - ’Prize For Second Time ^ The Rappa Sigma national social fraternity won the cup for the best group of performers bn the Sunday night Union Cafeteria Entertainment again this semester. Jim Clark, Union vice president, awarded the fraternity the cup, which is similar to the one they won last semester, Sunday evening immediately after the presentation given by the Sigma Nu’s. The Student Union were the judges of the contest.
G. R. Cox, Prof. Roberts To Go To Kappa Delta Pi Gonvo George R. Cox, a senior in the school of science, together with Professor G-L. Roberts, head of the teacher’s licensing and placement department of the Universitysi and counsellor of the local chapto of Kappa Delta Pi, national education honor society, are attending the eleventh biennial convocation of the fraternity which is being held in St. Louis this week.
A. P. Stewart To Hold Music Conducting Class Albert P. Stewart will hold the second class of the semester in Choral Conducting this afternoon from 2 to 3 o’clock in the music room at University Hall. This is a non-credit course open to any student or anyone interested in learning how to lead choruses, glee clubs and choirs. The work will include lectures and actual practice in directing the class. ' This course was organized for the first time l^st year, and there were approximately twenty-five who attended. It is hoped that the membership this year will equal this mark because there is a real need for leadership in community singing in the state of Indiana. A similar class will be held as a part of the Institute for Better Living at the University this summer.
200 See “Gasoliee” Film; Will Be Shown Again Today Approximately 200 students and
faculty members attended the first showing of the two-reel film, “Gasoline”, in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. The picture will be shown again today at 4 o’clock, and
will be open to the public.
Seniors Will Hear W. Allen ludiauapulis Mau To Give Fourtli Employnieut Lecture W. R. Allen,'director of personnel for L. S. AjiTes and Company of Indiaanpolis, will address University students Thursday, at 4:00 in Eliza Fowler Hall, in the fourth of a series of Employment Lectures. Allen will discuss “Letters of Application and the Interview” stressing the importance of both. He is particularly adapted to give seniors valuable information on these subjects as a result of ten years experience as Personnel Director for the Indianapolis concern during which time he has examined applications from and interviewed more than 30,000 different persons. Previous to his graduation from Harvard in 1919, Allen served in the French ambulance service, and later as a pilot and officer in the U. S. Navy Corp. He has had much experience in the business world, having been associated with the Burton Company in Boston and also as Employment Manager for the Wm. Filene Departnaent Store
in Boston.
Allen was one of the business leaders who participated in the Employment Lecture Program last year. The committee urges that students take advantage of the opportunity of hearing him. The different lectures held from time to time are being held primarily for seniors, but all students and faculty members are invited.
Net Team
- Seward
Collects A Toted Of Ten Points
By Bob Walpole. .
The Boilermakers moved back into a first place tie with Indiana last night by defeating Minnesota, 34 to before a crowd of 4,500 fans in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. The Purdue five lacked the spark that has been so evident in
the past conference games here. Captain Bob Kessler further increased his lead in the individual scoring for the western conference race by collecting four field goals and three free tosses to lead the scoring for the evening. Closely following the Boilermaker captain for high point honors was Jim Seward, who marked up ten points by dropping in five field goals, before he left the game in the second half on
personal fouls.
Roscoe High For Gophers Roscoe, Gopher forward, was the high scorer for the Minnesota team with nine points, most of which were pushed in by his unique one handed method. Seebach and Lillyblad, Minnesota defense men, did their best to hold the Boilermaker high scoring forwards down, but accomplished only half of their assignment. Jewell Young, Kessler’s running mate, was held scoreless throughout the game. Purdue’s attack was anything but impressive, with their usual smooth passing broken up by fre(Continued on page 3)
Steam Heat Makes It Hat For Pledge Trying To Warm Up
By Dorothea Justin
During the late siege of sub-zero weather, your Exponent reporter heard many comments about the great difficulties of heating various student homes, including fraternities. In fact, the listening reporter
^Weeking^’ Bamgerous, Warns Doctor; Oklahomans Continue Anyway ^ By A. H. Forster. BULLETIN—Dr. . S. J. Miller, of the University health service, warned students not to take trenchmouth as lightly as did students of Oklahoma College as disclosed in the following article. “Kissing is the direct method of contracting the disease and the most dangerous,” he explained. “It can also be contracted from dental bridgework and drinking glasses. We treat cases of trenchpouth continuously here at the health service, but the number of cases increases during the spring months. For those students who must ‘neck’, I advii^ them to use peroxide, sodium perborate or a mouth wash afterwards to prevent infection. The disease itself is not dangerous,” he concluded, “but serious complications may result from it.”
Ruth Wiley Earns Senior Life-Saving Certificate Ruth Wiley, freshman in the home economics school, has just received a senior live-saving certificate from the national Red Gross organization. She took an examination which qualified her for this recognition while attending a girl’s camp at Winona Lake last summer.
Oklahoma College students prefer to continue “necking” and take their chances of contracting trenchmouth. “Two can take medicine as easily as one,” they chorused in reply to a warning by Dr. N. L. Hiniker, dentist of the Stillwater institution, that kissing was the easiest method of catching the disease. Although Dr. Hiniker listed other ways of contracting the disease, such as using unclean drinking water glasses and putting commonly handled articles in the mouth, he stated that actual contact with an infected mouth was the easiest method of becoming infected. He reported that the number of cases
of trenchmouth and pyorrhea treated at the student dental bureau had beqn increasing this year. He also pointed out that the cases usually increased aftei^ a vacation period when the students had been home and returned to the college to spread the germs.
“Poo-Poo”
Co-eds and eds were inclined to “poo-poo” the doctor’s warning. When a reporter of the Daily O’Collegian, Oklahoma College student publication, contacted members of the student body on the subject, many denied that they indulged in necking but others said (Gontinned on page 4)
heard of the brilliant fraternity pledge who arrived at the house after a long, weary trek through the blizzard. The tired, shivering lad found his room chill, and unfit for human habitation. To remedy the dire sit' nation, the pledge ingeniously took the plug out of the steam radiator. This seemed not to send up the burst of heat the boy desired, so he disgustedly left, with the conclusion that something should be done about heating plants. Hours later, he hied himself back to his room, anticipating frigdity. Lp, he arrived, and was met by wintry roommate who sternly led him to see havoc. The room was foggy with steam; the walls were dripping water; the draperies—^the joy of our pledge’s life—^were soaked, and the roommate silently showed him soggy, fading books. The dawn bi’oke.,“Say,” the freshman exclaimed, “someone must have fired up!” The pledge mopped, scrubbed and dried until the wee small hours and says he detests cold weather The roommate goes around saying, “And that’s not all!” Berlage Elected Head Of Pharmacy Honorary Dr. Henry M. Burlage has been elected national president of Rho Chi, honorary pharmaceutical so ciety, according to word received here. He will be officially installed in office at the national meeting in Dallas, Texas, some time this sum-
mer.
Dr. Burlage graduated from the University school of pharmacy in 1924, and after obtaining his doctor’s degree at the University of Washington, came here as an instructor for two years. He is now a professor of pharmacy at the University of North Carolina.
Co-ed Debate Team To Meet Indiana Squad : Encoimter To Be Held . At Brookstoii; ■ Negati¥e Has Met Crimson Indiana University’s co-ed negative debate team will meet the University affirmative team at the Brookston high school tonight in a non-decision debate. The subject is: “Resolved, that the United States should support the League of Nations in the enforcement of sanctions provided for in the covenant
Of the League.”
L. S. Winch, co-ed debate coach, announced last night that the University team will be composed of Florence Hester, Jennie BoscO and Elizabeth Maier. Hester and BoscO debated last year but this is the first season for Maier. Last night the University negative team met the Indiana aginative at Indianapolis in the auditorium of the Indiana Extension Building. This debate was also a non-decision one as it had been added after the regular co-ed schedule had been made out. Members of the University negative team are: Mary Wien, Virginia Sidwell and Helen Broderick. • Thursday night the affirmative team meets the Michigan negative team in Eliza Fowler Hall in a regularly scheduled conference debate and a decision will be given.
Cantor Essay Contest Closes More than 200,000 essays telling how to keep America out of war were turned in to Eddie Cantor last Saturday when his competition for which he offei’ed a $5,000 college scholarship closed. The winner’s name and essay will be announced by the comedian oh his Sunday night broadcast, April 5. Over 40 per cent of the essays came from high school students, most of the others from college and university students. University professors and civic officials also participated in the contest by virtue of a ruling which made it possible for an adult person to name beneficiary should he win the scholarship.
Judges
The essays will be judged by E. M. Hutchins, University of Chicago; Frederick Bertrand Robinson, College of the City of New York;] Ray Lyman Wilbur, Leland Stanford University; and Nenry Noble MacCracken, Vassar College. Cantor has already deposited $5,000 in the bank of the Manhattan Trust Company, where it will stay as a trust fund to be drawn upon by the winner only for the specific purpose of a college education.
C. A. Deturk Addresses Agricwltural Staff State park engineer, Charles A, Dfeturk, discussed the “Recreational Side of Indiana’s State Parka” at the monthly agricultural staff luncheon held yesterday in the Memorial Union. Dean j. H. Skinner spoke briefly on various business details.
i
' s ' ""'il^lie $urbue exponent
j^outided iin 1883
'"-193M936.: Member AssociObecl Collegiaite Press Bisteibuter of ■ “COliBEGIATE DIGEST . .
MemW of Nsttonal Gollege Press AssoCiaWon, Big Ten Editorial Association Exdasively Represented by National AdTertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City vS
Entered as second class matter at the post office. Eafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; deliver^ by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street,
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief.... ............ Managing Editor...... Associate EMitors:
EDITORIAL STAFF ^ ; ..H. V. Heuset
’ ;..... ...1............. ..C. :H. Cajnpbell
J....A. M. Chasteen, G. M. Hardin, W. T, Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther
Associate Sports Editors..........;.................. ......D. F- Muil, R.^._Waipole, L. D. Wood Scgihomore Assistants - ....K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Kara Bold and Black Editor... — ■•.■.•■•'W. Abbott
A crack at Lafayette weather is always in season:
Business Manager. Advertising.-Manager.... Advertising Assistants........... Circulation Manager.;............ Circulation Assistants.....
BUSINESS STAFF , . „ , : ...W. A. Koch .i H; F. Antonini L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller ” .:..........R, J. Hulse - J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
Editor..... .' Associate Editors......:;..,. Advertising. Manager....
WOMEN’S STAFF Joyce Wilhams ; Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ; ...1.... ...........Josephine Perkins
Tuesday, February 25, 1936.
Issue Editor—C. Harper, Jr.
Buzz, Chatter, BuzzThe Library Serenade
Every once in a While, an earnest seeker of knowledge will tramp for the library, find the necessary literature, settle in a seat, and try to study—but it’s no use. There is a minority of students that can completely disregard outside influences and become so engrossed in their work that a blaring brass band would not distract them, but the large majority, if the material is to make a dent in the grey matter, must expose them-
due Memorial Union, a building dedicated to the furthering of the social activities of the University. It is equipped with soft lounges, comfortable chairs, and radios. Newspapers are available, lights are furnished for reading, refreshments may be purchased, and nobody will try to break up a bull session or interrupt the gooing of the lovelorn. It is really ideal! The above is mentioned with the possibility of transferring much of the social activity from the reading rooms of the library. The student at table number 1 who is investigating the effect of atomic bombardment finds the going difficult when the theory is mixed with Susie’s chatter at table number 2 as she describes the dee-vine time she had last night.
Another “breathing spell” is in evidence. Someone is predicting a Japan invasion again.
BeiMings Or Brains?
Occasionally a wealthy alumnus of an institution of higher learning dies and leaves a sum of money to his alma mater for the construction of a university hall, dormitory, or some building of perhaps less useful character, with generally the understanding, or stipulation, that the edifice is to be named in hi§ honor. On a lesser scale there are the graduating classes who, finding themselves with a surplus in their treasury from class dues or class enterprises, erect a pair of pillars at the campus entrance, build a fountain at some conspicuous point, or set up a sun dial, or a couple of lamps, with the inscription “Class of ’’. Instead of considering more im-
portant educational facilities, the donor provides for the erec-
tion of some sort of monument.
The $7,000,000 gift left to Northwestern University by Roger Deering represents an interesting exception. Not only is it the largest single gift to higher education since 1932, but it was bequeathed without restriction. Shortly after news of the Deering bequest became known. President Walter D. Scott announced that it would be used by the administration for educational improvements, for raising the standards of
the university.
“We want Northwestern to be a university to which the most competent professors and students in the coimtay Will come, rather than leave,” he said. Stating definitely that the money would not be used for building purposes, he asserted, “That can come later, after our general quality has been made higher. We consider that quality is more important, even more material, than the addition of new buildings.” In general the deans of the schools, although admitting the need for
new structures, agree with President Scott.
Prospective donors might well consider this example aiv^ decide to leave a little more money for improving their university staffs, for experimental schools, scholarships, and research needs, and less for cement and bricks—-for memorials.
—R. P. M.
Money may not buy happiness, but with it you can be un-
Thoroiiglilired
(Oklahoma Publisher)
“At Saratoga, New York, during the running of a steeplechase, a thoroughbred failed tp clear a water jump, fefi heavily,' struggled to his feet andi careened down the stretch an eighth of a mile on his three good legs. He finished, 'fhe injured leg was hanging twitching and useless. His handlers made a quick examination. The shoulder had been broken squarely, from point to point. The noble animal was put out of
his misery with a shot below the ear.
“Horse lovers can tell a thoroughbred as far as they can see them. Sharply cut about the throatlatch. Tapering muzzle. Eyes that bum. The carriage of royalty. Clean cut fetlocks, dainty smooth legs with steel pistons for tendons. Bunchy muscles around the rump, strips of Damascus through the shoulders that push and pull that slim barrel of a body forward at tremendous speed. Breeding has made a thor-
A thoroughbred will do his best. He will finish if he has enough good legs to hold him up. He will stagger up with the pains of hell running through his body and pound on, on, toward the wire until he drops. Gad. What an inspiration for weak man is a thoroughbred.
The jazz age is at its ragged tail end. It is no longer smart to be immoral.-^Rabbi A. H. Silver.
The “Sighia Nu Boys” put on a fancy Pifi show Sunday evening. Ah pri^id Smyers and Art Pay’s rtiythm ? 11 rascals..'.;
Presenting WINCH-JR^ away, kid ...
-take it
Wet feet. Soggy shoCs, I got those Indiana Thaw-out blues.
CO-EDITS
Romantic Jade—. Jade is synonymous with the cuL ture of the East. Inextricably linked with the countless ages of China’s now forgotten past; it is far more deeply buried in Chinese civilization than rubies, pearls or diamonds are: ih-ttierom West. Chinese literature is filled with .allusions to the stone, and pi&ases, such as the jade;palace, thp jade lake; and the jade gate are of frequeiit occurrencei
Bong! Here’s the umpteenth round of the fight between “Battling” Barnett and “Dizzy” Duggan. Duggan leads with two head bounces off the Theta House wall— The “Battler” returns with a kick to the shins, but misses — Now “Dizzy” bounces Barnett’s head off the Theta House porch—^Bong! It’s a great fight folks — next round should be a thriller.
Says Barnett to Duggan after the round: Tho battered and bruised Please don’t grin. It’s a damn good face For the shape it’s in.
GOULD HEIRESS WEDS— Headline.—^This Prom affair gets more profitable every year.
Theta pledge Frazier has a surprise in store when she sees her Cotillion “blind-date”, Stu Williams. Maybe they will both be surprised.
Example of an alliteration: Pickle-Puss Pierce.
And the Thetas didn’t have a “Pan” dinner. I hope the river rises to their dorm. Wouldn’t Ruthie Edwards look funny in a wet bed?
We wonder if the Pi Phis know where their “University Sing” plaque is these days?—We do.
We, the comnion people, confer the degree of B. S. O. C. (Best Stander-Upper On Campus) upon Chi O Nilson—You little heartbreaker!
The Kappas invited every Tom, Dick, and Harry to their dance Saturday—I wonder what they are fishing for?
FLASH! Theta Wren’s pooch and the Beta bull are that way about each other. No storks please-—the river is rising.
First-class sand-man service furnished by D. U.S Bellbury and Hughes. Where was “Stonewall” Jackson when they swiped that sand?
Ed Wynn Wears Same Shoes For 29 Years
Ed Wynn’s shoes cost $2,006 and are 29 years old. This fantastic extravagance is founded on sentiment. Ed bought them for $5 in 1907 and has worn them in every radio, stage and screen appearance since. When he sported them in the first program of his new CBS series he told questioners they had become a habit, made him feel comfortable and were lucky. He has spent about $2,000 to keep them repaired. They’re size 16, marvelously patched and altogether amazing.
DR. A. M. IRION I Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 496S
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food yon like and as you like it. Popular Prices
The usual conception of jade is green or white, but deposits are found of lavender: or yeilowish or reddish casts. Probably the most valued jadeite, the stone 'from which ja<fe is obtained, is white with spots of brilliant emerald green; the color imparted by the presence of small amounts of chromium. The finest jade is translucent and in bright light its sheen appears “as if some inner life gives it unique radiance.”
Since China became a republic the use of jade has declined considerably. The emperors of the country were patrons of the arts and the ladies of the court vied with one another in their possession of jade. Now Shangai has become the chief center for the manufacture and sale of jade articles.
The purchase of jade is at best a hazardous undertaking, because no one can tell from the outside of a block just hoW the inside will he tinted or whether any of the prized emerald will be present. The cutters must exercise all their ingenuity in order to get the most Value from a stone.
Workers in jade are recruited from men by their impoverished families, bound into little better than slavery for four^ years. Despite the fact that they receive only the most meaner of livings, they seem content with their lot.
The implements used in -workirig the stone are much like those used during past ages, and the entire equipment of a skilled carver would probably not be worth more than a few dollars. The only marked change in tools has been in the introduction of carborundum as an abrasive agent, which makes possible a finer product than ever produced with native abrasives.
To Western ininds much of the lure of the Orient is bound to the traditions of China through which runs the thread of jade, so it is well to peer behind the scenes of the production of these works of art. —H. L. C.
KEYS
Ke;a for trunks, door Ibeks, desk lodes, night latches and padlocks. Auto keors and handle locks a spe-
cialty.
F. Jos. Miilhaupt Son
209-11 North Fifth Street
Phone 2828 Lafayette,. Ind.
New MAIN
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Weffkhoff Conipaiiy Phone 3882
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
She makes gossip columns turn green with envy ...
“PERSONAL MAID’S SECRET”
with Margaret Lindsay - Warren Hull Ruth Donnelly also . / Ji^MES DUNN in “WELCOME HOME” A comedy of the suckers horn every minute and the sharks who fish for them.
Indefinite engagement Starting Thursday
mm
vRKO
RADIO Picture
Mu«ie hi I R' V 1' N (
Matinees .....20c Nights and Sunday 26c
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Linco^s Campus Corner
' ^ ‘ AFTER PARTlClPA-nw IN HOtRCOLLEtolATE' SPORTS t=OR MORE THAN 50 lEARS, — GORNELU M HAS RECEmiN APPOINTED ITS 'W/, FIRST DIRECTOR OF ATHLETICS' JAMES LYWAH, ■ : CAPIAllM 0F:THE"' 1904 TOOiTBA^^ v.TBAlVVv'ACCEPtEd) ; th£ posraoN;
m
Although he never^ttended college^ ' '-j FOUNDED THE U OF CHICAGO IN .li390
thefirstpoblicteleGRAIA IN THE ANORLD WAS SENT AND Recorded IN NEW YORK UNIVERSITY BY AND HIS ASSOCIATES ON JANUARY 24T9 1835. THE MESSACiE READ •ATTENTION! THE UNIVERSE! ,BY KINGDOMS RIGHT WHEEL"
®A.C.P X
The chief source of jade is from Burma. Here it is either found as pebbles or boulders in the tributaries of the Irrawaddy River or is mined. Buying, during the limited season, is carried on by Cantonese who journey to Burma, examine the available stock and then make their bids for the year’s supply. Jade is purchased in blocks ranging in size from a few ounces to more than a thousand pounds.
S-iiper Service
TKv us
EDDIE YUILL
RAY WOOD
Deadline On Entries In Athletic Carnival Nears
BE AC
Time grows short for entries in the Intramural Athletic Carnival, the deadline set for Saturday, February 29. The Carnival is scheduled for March 4. Rules for relay teams have pust been published. Any runners, except “P” men, may participate. Each team is to consist of four members, each man to run two laps on the gym gallery track. Gold medals will be given to the winning team and silver medals to the runner-up. For those wishing to check their time, an Intramural Manager will be at the track each afternoon from 4:00 to 6:00 with a stop watch. Further information can be obtained at the Intramural Office, or by phoning 2876.
HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
mmM
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
UNIYERSITY CALENDAR.
-Educa-
Today
Kappa Delta Pi meeting: tion Building, 7 to 8 p. m.
Co-ed Marital Lecture—^Dr. Mary Morgan Lee, Memorial Union Building, Women’s Lounge, 7 p. m. University Club meeting^—Union
Building, 8 p. m.
Wednesday
Intramural Carnival — Memorial Gymnasium, 7 to 9 p. m.
Agreat PA IR /N A g GRB/KT /
■ PeEPWE BARYMMMM STAfi of- '‘DAV/O COPPEFtFIELO" WiC¥®». SENSATION of- “ 'ihe IN POP M BP, "Iceii3«ii?M«l Marks'
Tipple Bo^ Tipirthui)e$tfirn Uumds SqtM, First Conference Defeatf 4S»40, At Evanston Before S^S^OO Fans
'By Bob W&lpole.
Evanston, III, Feb. 22.—^Nortliwestera’s Wildcats handed th6 Boilermakers a stinging 46 tp 40 defeat here tonight for the first Purdue loss in the current westprp conference race, •the defeat knocked the Boilermakers off of the top rung of the Big Ten ladder into second place, Indiana taking the lead
by whipping Wisconsin. A capacity crowd of 8,523
inspired fans jammed Patten Gymnasium to watch Purdue fight in vain to overcome the sharpshooting of Northwestern’s highscoring sophomores, Trenkle and McMichaels. These two gentlemen accounted for 25 of the Purple 45 points. In spite of the score, Purdue was not without its exceptipnal stars. Captain Bob Kessler, unable to push through the Wildcat defense for field goals, shoved aside all past habits of failing at the charity stripe, and scored nine free jtpsses in twelve trips to the line. With the addition of two field buckets for a total of 13 points, Kes jumped into the individual scoring lead with an eleven point advantage over the Maroon ace. Bill Haarlow. In nine conference tilts, Kessler has scored 113 points, an
average of 12.5 per contest.
Downey High Point Man
Glen Downey, serving in the capacity of both a guard and forward, ran ofi with high point honors With six buckets and two free tosses. Although the score book records but one field goal for Pat Malaska, his defense work was sparkling. The same can be said for Young, Lambert, Elliott, and Seward. The added height was probably the cause of Northwestern’s viC' tory tonight. The Purple guards stood several inches above the Boilermaker forwards and guards, thus reducing the Lafayette quintet’s chances of retaining the ball
off the backboard. Sportsmanship ?
The Wildcat supporters, clad in their full dress and toppers, paid little respect to that highly touted hardwood five from Lafayette. The unruly crowd, however, had little effect on Capt. Kessler’s charity tosses. In spite of the fact that members of the band practiced as Kes made his twelve trips to the foul line, he made good on nine of
them.
Northwestern demonstrated the same type of ball that was so effective the week before at the close of the game played on the Jefferson high school floor. Opening with long shots early in the game, the Purple were especially effective. Purdue jumped into an early lead of 3 to 1 and increased it to 12 to 7, but soon lost it. The score was tied at 13 all, and again at 15 apiece, after which the Wildcats jumped ahead to lead at half time, 30 to 22. The Boilermakers put on a scoring spree early in the second half to bring the score to 33 to 31 in the Wildcat’s favor but Northwestern’s time out to size up the situation proved successful. Following the brief period of rest, the Purple again turned on the heat, never to be bothered again by a close score. Fast Game The engagement was one of the roughest, toughest games ever witnessed on this floor, and kept both oificials puzzling to determine whether or not a foul w^s adequately strong enough to declare a penalty. Center Smith and guard Bender were dismissed from the game midway in the second stanza for four called personals. North-
Glen Downey, Purdue guard, was high-point man in the Northwestern game at Evanston last Saturday by scoring six field goals and two free throws for a total of four-
teen points.
western turned in a record of 17 personal fouls, and Purdue was
called on 14.
Statistics - show the Purple the victor. The Wildcats scored 16 field goals on 56 attempts, while Purdue was able to make good 13 goals in 63 tries. The Wildcat percentage was .286; Purdue .206. The Boilermaker free shot record was far better than it has been in the past several games. Purdue made 14 of 20 free shot attempts, while N. U. was successful in 13 of 17 tries from the foul line.
Summary
Northwestern (45) FG FT. PF McMichaels, f 5 2 2 Trenkle, f 6 1 2 Blume, f 0 0 0 Smith, c 2 5 4 Nagode, c 0 0 2 Mercer, g 1 4 1 Bender, g 2 1 4 Vance, g 0 0 2 Totals 16 13 17 Purdue (40) FG FT PF Kessler, f 2 9 2 Young, f 4 1 3 Elliott, c 0 0 3 Seward, c 0 2 2 Malaska, g 1 0 0 Downey, g-f 6 2 3 Lambert, g 0 0 1
•—as they soy at the Beaux Arts—just plain iRed and Black down on the farm—Brick Red «nd Black—in Higgins' American Drowing Inks. A great pair to draw to ||h —or with. The sixteen Higgins' Colors give a full house that you con always bonk on. CHAS. M. HIGGINS A CO., Inc, HIGGINS' American DtAWING INKS
fiadOf'^ea's^niGives Spectators A Latipi Breath taking thrills ^nd amusing spills marked the end of the winter season as skating enthusiasts displayed their prowess on the intramural ice-pond last Saturday. Soft ice made it difficult for the skaters to exhibit their best, but provided a series of amusing falls that kept a good sized crowd' laughing all afternoon. Allan Tober was the individual star of the meet, and will receive a cup for his efforts. Leo Margollian turned in the best individual performance of the afternoon when he did three laps on the soft ice in forty one and eight-tenths seconds. The results of the seven events are as follows: 3 lap race, Leo Margollian, first; Allan Tober, second; H.' Moses, third; time 41-8. Broad jump, E. A. Carol, first; Allan Tober, second. Mixed doubles 3 lap. Miss M. Russell and L. Pinkelstein, first; Miss J. Conklin and H. R. Larsen, second; time 1:16. Backward race, 3 laps, Allan Tober^rst; R. A. Carol, second; time 1:^ Half mile race, Allan Tober, first; L. Finkelstein, second; time 4:38. School boys race, 1% laps, Warren Easley, Morton School, first; Lynn Bryan, Highland, second; Dean Barnett, Morton, third. The last event, figure skating, was won by R. T. Johnston with R. A. Carol, second. Boilermaker Net Team Downs Minnesota, 34-29 (Continued from page 1) quent fumbles and inaccurate drives under the basket. Malaska again proved the dependable guard, exhibiting fine defensive play besides scoring five points. Jim Seward broke out of his inactivity shell by turning loose a fighting game to score ten points, most of which wrer push-in shots from under the basket.
First Goal
Kessler opened the scoring from the floor by a field goal closely fol lowed by field goals by Malaska, Seward and Roscoe to bring the score to 9 to 4. Baker, Roscoe and Seebach scored in close order followed by another long shot by Roscoe that put Minnesota into the lead 12 to 9. Budd and Downey were substituted for Malaska and Young to quell the Gopher scoring spree. The strategy proved correct for shortly afterward Kessler and Seward added field goals to take the lead back into the Purdue favor 13 to 12. A free toss by Baker tied the score, but Kessler put the Boil ermakers ahead as the half ended, with Purdue out in front 15 to 13. The Gophers again tied the score in the second half at 17 all, but it only inspired Purdue to jump ahead. Minnesota never came close to Pur-
due again.
BOX SCORE Purdue (34) B P I Kessler, f 4 3 0 Young, f 0 Seward, c 5 Malaska, g 2 Lambert, g 1 Downey, g :1 Budd, g 0
Wisconsin
Vemor, Qi^sson Share Point Honors In 46-38 Victory Purdue’s swimniing team gained a fast victory over the Wisconsin nators Saturday afternoon winning the Big Ten meet % a 46-38 count. The two human torpedoes on the Purdue squad, Cajptain Paul Vernor and Ed Closson, split the highpoint honors in the closely contest-
ed meet.
Vernor followed up a win in the 60 yard free style with triumph in the 100 yard free style flashing through the five lengths in the amazing time of 55 seconds flat. This is the best time for this event in the Big Ten circles in the last seven ypap. Closspn also turned in an impressive performance taking both the 220 and 440 yard free style events. Purdue stepped ahead in the first event, the 400 yard relay, but trailed on the next, the 200 yard breast stroke. The Badgers copped a close first in 150 yard back stroke, but Vernor put the Boilermakers back in the meet with his 60 yard free style win. A victory by Closson and a first and second by Vernor and Stewart in the 100 yard dash seemed to put the contest on ice for Purdue. P^venporl; lost tp Simonsen of the Badgers by only the barest margin in the fancy diving, but this second assured Purdue first place in the meet. The last event was the medley swim which Wisconsin took. The meet ended with Purdue in the lead by 8 points.
Iniramutat Will Sppimar Squash Tourney Thfs iniranmirat office announced today that the All Camjpus Squash tournament would be held sometinie in the near future. Anyone including menibers of the faculty, freshman' varsity, and varsity squash teams will be eligible for this tourney. The competition will be a handicap 'affair to make matehes wiUi members of the various teams which hold regular practise on an even basis. The members of the faculty team will take a minus ten I)oint handicap in matehea with frosh varsity and other competitors. This •mil be reduced to a minus five in matches with the boys on the regular varsity. The members of the regular varsity will take a minus five in matches with the freshmen varsity and all other
students.
Official entry blanks are posted on the intramural bulletin board and at the varsity courts. There is a time limit of three days to record yoTir entry and all matches must be played as scheduled or be forfeited intramural medals will be awarded to the winners of the first three places. Along with the above announcement came the stal;ement that the faculty handball tourney will start soon. Entries may be made by calling the Intramural office or on the bulletin board at the faculty gym.
4 4
Co-eds HoMFIurI BB Practice TodayUniversity co-eds Avill hold their basketball practice today at 4 in an effort to get in a little last-minute training before the start of the intramural tourney scheduled to open Thursday. All girls interested in obtaining their local basketball ratings will meet at 5 today in Miss Brady’s office. DePauw co-eds have invited women students from Purdue to attend a “Play-Day”, to be held at Greencastle next Saturday. Two basketball teams from here plan to attend the affair. Following the games, there will be a discussion of basketball rules and the W. A. A. organization. Visiting co-eds will be the guests of various sororities. All co-eds desiring to make this trip meet today in Miss Brady’s office at 5 o’clock to discuss plans. Baker, f 1 1 2 Lillyblad, g 2 2 0 Seebach, g 2 2 3 Jones, c 1 3 1 Rolek, f t 0 0 1 Gustafson, f 0 0 0 Manley, c 0 0 1
10 9 10
Umpire—Levitt (Wisconsin). Referee—Getchall ^Minneapolis).
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 BASKETBALL 44444-444
Today
Court 1, Mutt ^ 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon .vs. Pi Kappa Alpha “A' 7:15—Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Nu “B”. 8:25—Sigma Chi vs. Triangle “B” 8:40—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vp Sigma Alpha Mu “B”. Court 2, Borchelt 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi “B”, 7:15—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha “B”. 8:25—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Upsilon “B”. 8:40—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta “B”. Court 3, Scrivnor Cary Hall 7:00—Third Floor East vs. First Floor North. 7:15—First Floor East vs. Second Floor North. 8:25—Second Floor East vs. Third Floor North. 8:40—^Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta “B”.
For Squash whi^ made a elqan cff first three pkees in last year, hopes to he at the peafe of its game,for the Westmn CkilleMr giate Squash Racquets tournament which will be held at the Chicago Athletic Association this week-endt Coach Mert Clevett announced yesterday that he expects to enter approximately seven men itt the tourney with Jack NoR, who took third honors last .season, as the only holdover from last year's squad. In addition to Noll, the Other Boilermaker entides in the tournament are expected to be Lucek, Fields, Ulrey, Tzueker, PetticreW^ and Wakefield. Frosh Begin Grid Practice Despite the adverse weather about twenty young hopefuls of the frosh grid squad started spring practise in the Stock Pavilion yesterday afternoon. This number represented only a small portion of the centers, backs, and ends. The guards and tackles will begin their indpor practise on Wednesday. As soon as the weather permits practise out-of-doors,' the whole squad will he issued suits and the conditioning will begin with a vengeance. Even this afternoon you( could hear the boys’ joints squeak as they began unlimbering getting back in the harness. No organized drills were held. However the air was full of footballs as the backs unlimbered their arms and tried a few tosses to the ends. Each of the boys seemed to be glad to get back in uniform. The Stock Povilion is small accounting for the small number of the team allowed to practise.. 'The dirt floor is ideal for practise. The boys had a tendency to throw the b^l at an angle which put it up in the stands but as a whole the squad looked good.
SPRING FOOTBALL CANDIDATES Check out equipment and begin working out at judging pavilion on Ag campus. Backs, ends and centers report on Mondays and Tuesdays, guards and tackles, Wednesdays and Thursdays. —MACKEY.
Drink Milk for More Energy CaH JOHNSON Phone 4133^
Milk Is your best food— it’s packed foil of aotntive elements tbat your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
UmI#N HAIRY
Totals 13 14 14 Referee—Levis, Wisconsin. Umpire—Craig, Illinois Wesley-
Elliott, c 1 0 1
14 6 12
Minnesota (29) B F Roscoe, f 4 1
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
Wrist Watch
MiilCO
Sate
UtesesteaBi tobaj^
Staunton
L
to show you the Icitest HADLEY creations iniWrist Watch bracelets icar Men and Women. You will find styles to suit every occasion, moderately priced. S«rid for "SMART WRISTS." an illustrated folder showing the correct watch bracelet styles for 1936.
H AD LE A A jTa AJt Ail A York • Chicago • Los Attgeles • COMPANY . INC • Toronto • Cmaia •• Loudon • England • WRIST-WATCH BRACELETS EXCLUSIVELY-SINCE ISIS
' % ' m
Mi '■ 'W
mmClassified Ads*
typewriters ADWNG ma-chines-—Poif sale, rent, repaired and botiglit. Multitgraph and mimeograph work done. C. E. Ebenshoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. For Rent—Good single room. Board available. 432 N. Grant.
Lost—Brown muff zipper purse. Finder 71331 Reward.
containing please call
Union—Noa 1 and 2 iheet at'4 —ANSf'AOR. Badio Chom—No reheatsal todayj ^ —COX.
Union—Our committees will sdeet in the sub-basement today at 4 —SHOEMAKEll, OHAVEB.
Debris—There will be a computaory meetingr for all Debris sophpmore copywriters in office today at 4 —BRAXTON
Purdue Gilder Club—No regular meeting this week —^WOOD
Eta Kappa Nn—Meeting at 7 80 tomorrow afternoon in Union. __ —BELLOWS
Feaelas^All eo-eds Gym at 7 30 tonight.
report to Women's —HADLEY
Mortar Board—Meeting at 5 tonight in tha W. S. G. A. offlee. —LUSTIG
:By J. N. Davis
Men Students—^Room and board at 6 Waldron. $4 for 18 meals. Call 2671.
NOTICES No notices acc^ted after 8 p. n
Condition Esams in History—^Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in history, economics and government will be held Saturday March 7, 1 p m in room 813, Recitation Building Application must be made prior to that time at the history office Recitation Building —ESTEY Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams it chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday March 14 at 1 p m , in room 101 Education Building Applications must be made on or before March 12 —NELSON Junior Military Students—All students in M T 6 report to Capt. Hayford on the second floor of the Armory at 11 a today for vaccination and innoculation. Uniform not required —HAYFORD
W A. A Basketball—Girls interested in obtaining their local basketball official rating meet in Miss Brqdy’s office at 5. —BRADY W. A A. Tumbhng—^Practice at 7 16 tonifflit la «»8 Wamm’B Gym. —BRADY Fratermty Athletic Managers—^Have your relay teams work out afternoon on the gym track There will be a man there with a stop watch and batons for you —HAMILTON
-Meeting at 7 tonight —HAYNES
W A A Intramural Managers—Get the following girls out for their second basketball practice Grave Caldwell Wiley, Kernel Bicks Wyhed Holtom, Calvin Burch Hurych Schlwaltz Brewer Breaver, Vandiver R Kelly Peth, Smith
—CHARLES
Condition Exam—An exam for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 will be given in room 101 Education Building Sat urday afternoon March 14 at 1 p m Application for permission to take this exam must be made at room 210 Chemistry Building not later than March 12 By special arrangement an exam m chemistry may be taken at this time Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September
—HASS, TEST
Dairy Club—Meeting tonight at 7 30 In Smith Hall Prof Hilton will speak Election of officers Short course students in-
vited
—GARDNER
Prof, J. T. Fotos Attends Convention At St. Louis Prof. John T. Fotos, of the modern language department, left Sunday to attend the National Education Association meeting in St. Loms, Mo. He is to take part in a panel discussion before the newlyformed foreign language section, composed of supervisors and curriculum makers of universities and secondary schools. “NECKING” DANGEROUS— (Continued from page 1) that they did indulge and intended to keep on indulging despite the
danger.
One bright student said, “Why not abandon trenchmouth? We could get along just as well without it Let’s pass a law against it and see that it’s abolished.” Choosing the right partners for dates was the method suggested by a co-ed 'to eliminate the possibility c£ contracting the disease. Another ed pointed out that 3,500 students of the 3,500 enrolled in the college nei&ed. and he, personally, had never heard of a case of trenchmouth “Anyway,” he said, “I’m not worried.”
Bloomington, Ind., Feb. 24th— “How do you compare the campus landscaping at Indiana and Purdue?” This question I recently put to a prominent landscape artist in Indianapolis. “There is no comparison,” he answered. “Indiana has everything, Purdu^ practically nothing.” This was quite a shock to me, since I was fishing for a compliment for Purdue. Certainly his opimon was professional; his loyalty was with the ball teams and school in West Lafayette. “What makes you say that?” I asked “We have smooth lawns and well placed shrubbery. I don’t see how Indiana can compare. Their campus is nothing more than a woods.”
hill - and » dklh» ramhlY* hrEhoibilljr wdo4s thht look ka i!i^ it ha^fi't beoh touched in fifty yoars. The Mght of this woods would mdk^ Furdti6*s nimble trqe-clnnher’s ipouth water. It IS a real tree-doctor’s heaven. A great many of the trees are imperfect, rotten, and untrimined. However, one can scarcely say that m its naturalness this campus is not as attractive as Purdue’s well-
groomed scene.
One of the high points of the everyday campus life at Purdue for me was always the variegated collection of dogs that romped aimlessly thereabouts On this campus the stray hound’s deadliest enemy, the medic student, hunts. Dogs are a deal more canny here than at Purdue; probably this is the reason why They are even communityminded as IS proven by the follow^ mg story:
“True enough,” he admitted, “but Purdue is out on a flat field, and isn’t blessed with the irregular contour found further south in the state Artificiality and formality in landscaping can easily grow tiresome, but the novelty and unexpectedness of natural wood and nev er can. Admittedly, Indiana is scarcely conscious of that fact, and hasn’t done much to develop its campus I merely say that it has everything whenever it is ready to begin You will live to see the day when trees will be planted to get just that effect of natural woods ”
Certainly the campus landscapes of the two schools are as opposite in effect as the two poles Purdue’s campus IS laid out in relatively strict formality with every bush planted and trimmed as though the Math department had a hand in it, and a corps of workmen are employed to keep them in shape Indiana’s campus is just so much
It seems that several weeks ago the local fire department received a tip as to the whereabouts of a huge dog colony. It was on one of those sub-zero days so hard on stray dogs and others—^the same kind of a day as the one on which the Minneapolis dog catcher stop ped to catch a benumbed dog and before he could get it in his heated truck and get the doors closed, four other stiays jumped in. Well anyway, according to the story, the firemen caught twenty-nine members of a dog colony which was holding an open meeting under the wooden building that houses the Music School The job of which all lazy men dream getting paid to sleep have such a job, as the subj'ect of a scientific experiment Imagine my embarrassment the other night when I couldn’t go to sleep!
Tile thinldiicr fellow ealls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Oeeasioiu 25c per passenser an? part of Ike dty 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Clnh Will BponsoT Teii. j YH'gmiA 0. Meredith Cltib WiU spofisdi: A tea dande to b# giVefi iti the ball rdom of the Memorial tlfiion building tomorrow afteriioon from 4 to 6 o’clock. Tidcetl, Inrieod sit 25 cents, may aow he purchased at the various sorority houses or at the tJnion desk. Lilian Murphy, in charge of the plans, hhs arrafiged to have an electrical amplifying system installed to furnish the music.
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO-
if a Sandwich a Drink f then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
■iiliiMi|ili|iilll III illlii
' O BlsE
D13 J. mBt
uvmm A aisa
**^’'3o8ER| _
HAlgl
400 bdiain Bid«. wnkm trM
CMnwi 4n 4iii Mila
R. a ElSENBACH Jeweler and Opteinetrist 504 Main Street
t^SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
DEI¥E IT YOUESELF— LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System S14 N. 4th St. Phom® 6455
We can restore to perfect appearance, functioning, quietness, that badly or slightly injured Stream Lime Auto Body. AUTO MDY SHOP 431-433 North Third Dial 2998
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
'OASTED^'
CENTER LEAVES The fop leaves of all tobacco ploofs tend to give a definitely harsh# alkaline taste. The bottom leoves tend to ocidity in the smoke. It is only the center leaves which approach in nature the most palatable acid-aikoline balance. In LUCKY STRIKE Cigarettes the center leaves are used.
lUCKIES AM AQim ehomftdj losis show* that Dtbor popular brands have an excess ef addxity over Lucky Strike of fmm 53% to tm keseARCH wdup?
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigarettes
IT’S TOASTED"-Your throat protection-agoirist irritation -against cough