■ ’! 14
Personnel Directors Assemble Tomorrow Purdue’s 1938 Industrial Personnel Institute begins tomorrow at 9 a. m. with registration in the main floor lobby of the Union, then begins its business sessions a half hour later as Dr. J. E. Walters, University director of engineering personnel, and R. J. Greenly, professor of trade and industrial education, introduce attending visitors to the institute in the faculty lounge of the Union. . Jointly sponsored by the Univer-
Dukes* Progress Survey To Start Chats On Science Dean R. G. Dukes, of the graduate school, tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building will inaugurate a series of science “chats” with a “Survey of the Progress of Science.” He will outline the development of the scientific method through the various civilizations of Egypt, Babylonia, Greece, Rome, and today. Other science “chats” which will follow during the summer are semi-dependent upon the program tonight in that they deal with particular incidents and personalities in the history of science. Professor W. E. Howland says Dean Dukes is the best man on the campus for reviewing scientific progress. Teachers Open 4-Day Conference Along with several other agricultural groups, teachers of vocational agriculture assembled on the campus yesterday for an educational conference—^for them it-will be the twenty-fourth annual meeting and a four-day intensive course. University staff members will discuss farm management and other special subjects during the many sessions of this conference for the purpose of bringing the teachers up to date on latest methods and information in these fields. Expectations of officials in charge of the conference indicate an attendance of about 250 teachers. . Most of their meetings will be held in room 201 of the Education Building. Co-eds Get Same Hours As During School Year Co-ed hours during the Summer Session will remain the same as during the regular fall and spring semesters — 11 p. m. Sundays through Thursdays, and 1 a. m. Fridays and Saturdays. Rooming places approved for coed use are registered on a list available in the Dean of Women’s office, and as the rooms fill the places still open will also be recorded there.
sity and the Indiana Personnel Association, the institute will cover “the organization, evaluation, and projection of personnel and' training programs in large and small companies.” The institute is being held in order that leaders and workers in industry may get together and discuss current personnel problems. Banquet Sessions Three sessions a day will be conducted until the close of the institute Saturday noon. Noon luncheons and evening banquets will supplement these meetings. Speaking during the morning session tomorrow will be C. R. Dooley, EE ’00, who is now manager of industrial relations for the Soc'ony-Vacuum Oil Company of New York City, and who previously served as personnel director for Standard Oil of New Jersey and in the same capacity for Westinghouse. “Dooley Is Good” “Dooley is one of the ten best personnel men in the country,” complimented Dr. J. E. Walters yesterday, “and one of the most important speakers on our four day program.” Other Purdue graduates taking speaking parts in tomorrow’s program include: Virgil Drake, ME ’35, David E. Ross, EE ’93, and chairman of the University Board of Trustees.
Tickets Are Available For Saturday*s Picnic On Ross Camp Grounds Tickets for the Summer Session picnic at Ross Camp next Saturday afternoon from 4 to 7 o’clock will be priced at 35 cents according to an announcement last night by L. M. Vallely, member of the committee in charge of the affair. According to Vallely, transportation will be furnished free to the civil engineering camp, eight miles. south of Lafayette on the South. River Road. The aftfernooh’s program will include a variety of games, swimming, and a picnic supper. Tickets may be obtained at the Union desk after tomorrow noon. Publication Dates Exponent will publish on the following dates during Summer Session; June 24 and 28; July 1, 7, 14, 21, and 28; and August 4 and 11.
Summer Session Issue
Purdue Exponent
VOL. 2
TUESDAY
Lafayette, Indiana
June 21, 1938
No. 2
Rural Leadership School Draws 280 At Initial Session Rural leaders took over the Union Building and other parts of the campus yesterday and last night as their tenth annual Universitysponsored School got underway. Over 280 attended the first-day exercises, which included a convocation, a forum, registration, and night receptions. The Rural Leadership School for older youths and young adults is packed into a four-day intensive program; for all others it will be a 10-day short course. For those persons who wish to learn the principles of leadership among town and country people this school is intended—information, inspiration, and guidance along these lines will comprise its subject matter. Classroom work starts this morning, with a daily schedule beginning at 7 o’clock and continuing till 9 in the evening. Strictly class work will not require over half this time, however—the rest will be taken up by planned recreatibn, discussions, and demonstrations. Singers Organize In Summer Choir Approximately 50 singers turned out for the organization meeting of the 1938 Summer Session Chorus Thursday evening in Fowler Hall. Albert P. Stewart, director, outlined plans for the summer appearances. A rehearsal followed and another practice was held last night in preparation for the first appearance of the season. The choir will sing next Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall at the first summer religious convocation, to be held as a vesper service. Bishop Edwin Hughes, of Washington, D. C., a bishop in the Methodist Church, will be the speaker. Fairman, Cutshall Write New Text “Engineering Mechanics” is the title of a new text book by Seibert Fairman and C. S. Cutshall, both associate professors of “applied mechanics at the University, and being published by John Wiley & Sons of New York. The book, which will be available July 1, is intended as an elementary text for a basic course for sophomore and junior engineering students. It contains 97 solved examples as well as 540 problems to be solved.
Coffey, Young Open Convo, Forum Series With Talks On Farm Topics
E. C. Young
1,400 Register, Break Enrollment Records Last registration figures, compiled Saturday night, indicated that enrollment this year has hit a new high of 1,400, exceeding last year’s figure by well over 200. “We can safely expect a maximum registration of nearly 1,500 before the summer is over,” predicted Prof. G. E. Davis, assistant director of Summer Session. Over 125 were registered in intensive courses which began last Monday, before regular registration. Some of these courses will last only three weeks, and other intensive courses will be starting at different times during the Session. Persons coming to attend these courses are expected to increase the enrollment to about 1,500. Relatively few scheduled classes had to be cancelled for lack of registration. The number cancelled was made up, however, by several new classes added to satisfy the demand for certain subjects. Johnston Accepts Job As Salem News Editor William W. Johnston, Sci. ’39, has accepted a position as news editor for the summer on the Sa-. lem, Ind., Democrat. Johnston, son of T. R. Johnston, Purdue publicity director, is a former Exponent worker and has had varied newspaper experience on other papers. He is a member of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity. He and his wife have taken an apartment on North Water street, Salem, during their stay there.
Conditions Of Debt, Don’t Warrant Drastic Remedy—Young “In the United States neither farm indebtedness nor tenancy has reached a stage that warrants the drastic remedies being employed in Europe and that have been seriously proposed in this country,” declared Dr. E. C. Young, nationally known rural credit authority and University staff member, in a forum address delivered in Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon entitled “The Private Ownership of Land Versus Social Control.” Attending these convocations were 250 vocational agriculture teachers now at Purdue for their annual conference, about 75 rural ministers and adult leaders here for the tenth annual Rural Leadership School, which started today, 30 county agricultural agents who have been here a week taking advanced training, and regular summer session students. Dr. Monroe Lists Lecture Schedule Dr. Alan H. Monroe, head of the speech division of the University English department, announced yesterday a schedule for this week’s special lectures on speech. The speakers are here on the campus in connection with course on Modern Speech Correction Practices, S143. Dr. G. Oscar Russell, of Ohio State University, will be the speaker at the sessions to be held Wednesday and Thursday afternoons at 2 o’clock in Room 102 of University Hall. His subjects will be “Voice Disorders” and “Speech Clinics in Europe.” Dr. Russell is director of the speech and hearing clinic at Ohio State and is quite well known for his work on speech of deaf people and those who are hard of hearing, and for work on vowel sounds. He was the first to make X-rays of people while they are producing vowel sounds, pictures of the throat, mouth and head. Dr. Charles Van Riper, director of the speech clinic at WesteiTi Teachers College, Kalamazoo, Michigan, will speak on Friday and Saturday of this week. Friday at 1 o’clock his subject- will be “What a Teacher Should Know about Stuttering”, and on Saturday at 10 a. m. he will speak on “The Treatment of Stuttering.”
Chinese Student Tells Of Experiences In Fighting Zone
Editor’s Note: Two months ago Limin Kung, 20-year-old student from Northern China, left his war-torn home for the United States to further his education in electrical engineering at Purdue—after Japanese invasion had closed Nankai University, Tientsin, which he was attending as a sophomore. Upon arrival in this country, Kung went directly to Mt. Union College, Alliance, Ohio, from where an older brother had graduated a few years previously. He sat in classes there as a listener until the 'Close of the semester, then came to Purdue for the Summer Session. Kung studied English at his_ Chinese high school and also at Nankai. After only two months here, he speaks, writes, and understands the language surprisingly well. One of Exponent’s editors and other students at the House of Davis, 203 University Street, Kung’s home for the summer, helped the Chinese boy to become situated at the University and to iron out some registration difficulties. He insisted on expressing his gratitude for this assistance in the first paragraph of his story about war in China—which he writes in his own English. By Limin Kung I am a Chinese just came from China two months ago. There are a few things happened in North China, that I am the witness. I
writing this for showing my thanks to Mr. Manion and my roommates, they, who have help me a lot when I first came here. The first thing is, when the Japanese fight for a place, they are not fighting with Chinese Army, but they are fighting with our noncombatant people. They use airplanes to bomb the place where no army is staying, only our innocent people. I will take Tientsin for a example, where I was staying during the war time. One day three lumber companies were bombed and made a big fire, which burned three days and three nights; and more than 200 people were killed from' that air raid. Burn Tientsin There is one big university in Tientsin, > named Nankai University. The Japanese send three planes to destroy all the buildings.
Even then they were not satisfied and when they occupied Tientsin, they use gasoline to burn the rest. Near the line between the concession and station, you could see husbands losing wives, women missing children, mothers dragging little things through the streets to get on boat to go to concession. Many had moved from one war zone to another, hoping that the next place might be safer, but they found all just the same. The second thing is that when the Japanese occupy either a big 'city or a small town, they will search every house and begin to kill. There is one village of 3,000 people 15 miles from Tientsin. When they occupied that place, they killed all of the people, because they could not support the ration to the Japanese soldiers. But if they find money or jewel-
ry, they will put it in their pocket before your eyes; if they find you have a big sword they will give you a name, such as plainclothes trooper or irregular soldier, and will bring your whole family back and kill you. Sometimes when they went to the station to search, they said they were looking for plainclothes troops, but the real fact is money and students. Eight out of ten will be killed. I have a friend who was killed on the train, only because Japanese soldiers find he had a medal which was signed Yinching University in his pocket. They, therefore, knew he was a student and a college boy so they used the sword to kill him. If you are travelling with him, you can not even look at him sadly, otherv^ise you will be the next.
After searching and this kind of killing they find another way to kill women; this way is to drive a car to the street or to go to the private house to see whether there has lady. They will bring her back fool around; so there are thousands of women who killed themselves on this occasion. This time when I pass by Shanghai thei’e was a missionary hospital where the doctor was an old friend of my father. He came to see me and told me that there are 1,500 Chinese women will bear Japanese baby at the same time, the youngest only 13 years old. After they have all their desires, wishes, and kill; then they force some old man to come out to make a peace committee. The meaning is good, but the fact is bad because while the officers are Chinese, the real power is in Japanese hand.
Minnesota Dean Sjys Nation’s Farmers Are Individualists Today “American farmers today are individualists. To be truly efficient they must be men who would rather be farmers than anything else,” stated Dr. W. C. Coffey at the opening convocation of the Summer Session held yesterday morning at 10 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Coffey, who is dean of the department of agriculture at the University of Minnesota, spoke on “Problems of the Farmer of Tomorrow.” Ovpr 400 students and faculty members were in attendance at the convocation. Dean V. C. Freeman, of the school of agriculture, introduced Dean Coffey who emphasized the need for rural education and recreation activities, an equitable soil erosion program, and permanent land holdings in his talk. He advanced the idea that perhaps our present economic disturbance is due not to overproduction in agriculture as is commonly stated, but rather to underproduction in industry. “One of the great problems be- ♦ fore thjs country aird especially our farmers,” pointed out Dean Coffey “is the decision of whether we are going to improve and raise the standards of living of people generally by building better automobiles and other industrially produced products or by improving the nutritional standards, making a stronger and healthier race.” He said it was truer that there is more under-production in industry than over-production in agriculture. “People of the country are stabilizers of governments and perpetuators of democracies,” he said. “The rural areas are the reseiwoirs of our population.” Director Selects Actors For Plays Casts for the first three summer session plays were announced yesterday afternoon by H. Kenn Carmichael, University dramatic director, at the conclusion of a meeting of students chosen for parts. Each of the three plays must be ready by a week from tomorrow, Wednesday, June 30, for presentation in the Stadium. George Ade’s comedy “The Mayor and the Manicure” has four characters in its cast of players. Robert Schlendorf will play the role of the Honorable Otis Milford; Alfred Exton is cast as Wallie Milford, his son; Thai^ Crepps as Ruth Foster, engaged to Willie; and Bonnie Swope as Genevieve LeClair, the manicurist. “Dear Departed” Cast “The Dear Departed” has Tony Ippolito in its cast, along with Phyllis Mae Umfreys, Sarah Alice McIntosh, Paul Humphreys, Jayne Myer, and Joe Martin. “The First Dress Suit” roles will include Ira French, whom Carmichael describes as a real “discovery,” Mary Elizabeth Yeager, Mary Blocker, and Harold Martin. Carmichael also announced heads of committees for the first session of plays. Ernestine Brown will act as chairman of the art committee, Kathryn Morehouse as head of properties, Dorothy Morehouse, production; Nota Misner, costumes, Helen Hays as makeup chairman, Robert Metzger as stage manager, . and Helen Walters as publicity chairman.EDITORIAL
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
HUMOR
Tuesday, June 21, 1938
Summer Recreation . . . . . . looks like it’s going to be a pretty important problem to a lot of us this year, considering all the afternoon and evening hours most of us seem to have free. Prof. O. F. Hall and his social activity committee have done a pretty fair job of planning a series of social and recreational events. Those “Games on the Green,” stadium sings, summer plays, and other things they’ve arranged should be pretty widely approved by the student body and faculty. In fact we can’t see how they could miss, since a look at the roster shows that a goodly percentage of these groups hold down berths on the committee. Echos from last summer, however, remind us that mighty satisfactory crowds attended most of these affairs, and everybody usually had the time of their lives. These programs appeal to us as having good possibilities of furnishing some of the enjoyable vacation outings we thought we had given up when we stayed here in Lafayette for the summer. Quite A Few . . . ... of our summer schoolmates have been doing a little recreational planning on their own. We’ve seen a lot of new tennis paraphernalia unwrapped in the last few days, and watched many a swim suit being taken out of the moth balls. Golf may be classed as an old man’s game, but enough of Purdue’s undergrads have been bitten by the bug already this season, that the West Side country club will be closing its student membership lists mighty soon. Last time we heard, they were planning on taking in only half a dozen more. Among Other Forms . . . ... of summer play, we have had recommended to us: private games on the sta-
PURDUE EXPONENT
MKMDER
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Summer mail subscription $0.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback
Bnsiness Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Assistant Editor R. P. Manion Associate Editors R. J. Deckard, Helen Walters Editorial Assistant W. R. Smith BUSINESS STAFF Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Accounts Manager W. E. Smith SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editor R. Jenkins MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO BV National AdvertisiilgServiee, inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicaso - Boston ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco
dium green in the spray of the constantly squirting sprinklers; the lunch and dinner game, where each player tries to see how many days he can go without eating twice at the same cafeteria; and, of all things —studying.
Looking Back a--PURDUE OF THE PAST-^ / June 21, 1937 ^ Pi'esident Edward C. Elliott addressed 450 educational, mercantile, industrial, and farm leaders in Eliza Fowler Hall today at the opening session of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology. State Superintendent of Schools Floyd McMurray, Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, and Author Walter B. Pitkin also spoke. * * * * Approximately 1,100 students are enrolled in the 1937 Summer Session, Director Frank C. Hockema said today. This figure does not include persons who have come to the University merely to attend lectures at the various conferences without credit. Last year’s enrollment was 936. * * * 5*5 Farm electrification, poultry, dairy problems, and insect control are topics of discussion at the twenty-third annual conference of teachers of vocational agriculture which opened here today. ^ * Ji: * June 21, 1936 Two thousand persons attend the first outdoor sing of sacred music under the direction of Albert P. Stewart in Ross-Ade Stadium.
Faculty Men Will Visit SPEE Meet Dean A. A. Potter and Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp, of the University engineering schools, will go to College Station,, Tex., this week to attend the annual convention of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. They will be accompanied by a large group of faculty men including Professors J. Rising, J. H. Porsch, R. C. Thompson, D. L. Curtner, G. C. Blalock, W. J. Cope, E. S. Ault, A. P. Poorman, C. W. Beese, and H. L. Creek. Go To St. Louis Dean Potter and Professor Cope have gone to St. Louis, Mo., to attend a three day convention of the ASME. From there they will proceed to the SPEE convention. Most of the men going to the convention will motor down, leaving Thursday and stopping at points of interest enroute. Mrs. Rising, Mrs. Beese, Mrs. Poorman, and Mrs. Creek will also make the trip.
WBAA
-"Voice Of Purdue' —TODAY—
The middle-west is the most tolerant section of the U. S., according to Elton Sakamoto, a Japanese Sioux Falls College student who has traveled widely in this country.
MADS TODAY - WED. ROBERT TAYLOR MARGARET SULLIVAN FRANCHOT TONE
‘3 Comrades'’
THUR. ■ FRI.
lAURil msm
in Swiss Miss
wmA TODAY - WED. Madeleine Carroll HENRY FONDA
^Blockade’
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. Madge Evans JOHN BOLES in ^^Sinners in Paradise” —PLUS— ANN SHERIDAN FRANK McHUGH in 'Little Miss Thoroughbred”
11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Parade of Melody. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Noon Melodies. 12 :15—The Woman Shopper. 12 :30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Market Reports. 1:00—Concert Review. 1 '.30—^The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2 :00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 2 :30—The Home Builders Program. 2 :45—Treasure Chest. 3 :00—Social Security Talk. 3 :15—Melody Moments. 3 :45—The Scientific News Review. 4 :00—-The Magic Carpet. 4 ;16—Melody Moods. 4 :46—Story Book Hour. —WEDNESDAY— 11:00--Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12 :16—Sports Review from Main Street —Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Market Reports. 1 '.00—Meditations—Rev. Doyle Mullen. 1:16—“I Want a Job.” 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Wanita Wilson—soprano. 2 :00—Typing School of the Air. 2 :30—The Home Builders Program. 2 :46—Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3 :00—Melody Moments. 3 :16—The American Scene. 3:30—We Three—girls trio. 4 :00—The Magic Carpet. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:46—The Story Book Hour.
COMFORTABLY COOL NEW NIAIN TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS—Wm. Hall Anne Nagel in ESCAPE BY NIGHT STARTS THURSDAY
TARZAN AND THE GREEN GODDESS with Herman Brix
2 Features
Bert Wheeler Robert Woolsey Lupe Velez in HIGH FLYERS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
I’M REPEATING . . . .q . math just to raise my grade in it . . . from a D. Unless failure never gives you fear. You’ll never be an engineer. , —swiped “OAKIE” HALL’S . . . . . . social and recreational programs show that 16 faculty members and 14 students are serving on his committee this summer. What’re they going to do . . . put on a Purdue World’s Fair? NOW THAT . . . . . . they have their names on the programs, however, we suppose the committee members won’t think it’s necessary to turn up for the weekly luncheon (Bring your own lunch) meetings. BUT SUCH . . . ... is life , . . and serving on University committees, WHY NOT . . . . . . try the world’s fair idea? We’ve held state conferences of all kinds, broadcast over nationwide radio hook-ups, and sponsored round-the-world flights . , . perhaps the Fair is next. THE WEEK IN BRIEF Seniors all have gone away. Personnel men’re coming to school. Summer Session now holds sway, Classrooms are not so cool. AND THAT’S . . . . , . another reason for class hatred. MIXER MISQUOTES High School Gal: My but the Union ballroom floor is slippery. Home Ag: Not the floor ... I just shined my shoes.
“Every night this week it’s been dinners, banquets, showers, stag parties—when will we spend a quiet evening at home?”
WE HAND IT . . . ... to Bud Bryant. He’s one orchestra leader who doesn’t call himself “The King of Swing.” HAVE YOU . . . . . . noticed the large number of activity men in school this summer? We should think they’d get enough of activities during the regular school year. DR. WALTERS REPORTS: . . . that all the seniors of 1938 . . . are accounted for. His June 20 survey shows that they are . . . . , . home telling everybody they are college graduates, or . , . staying sober and wearing their best clothes, or . . . wearing their best clothes, or . . . whistling whilst they wish for work, or . . . still turning down WPA offers, but
. . . considering going on relief.
WE WERE STALLING . . . . . . for time while we tried to think of something for Summer Session activity men to do . . . but now we have it.
THEY CAN . . . , . . put on a Summer Session Prom. Why not . . . make it Friday, July 22, three weeks before school is over . . . elect an SS Prom Queen . . . and make it THE social affair of the summer?
AND HOW ABOUT ... . . . throwing the shindig in the Stadium. We mean it . . . and we hereby donate this campaign song: We’ll build a stage in the Stadium And dance beneath the stars.
SKIP THE FLATTERY, DARLING, MY JANTZEN TAKES CARE OF THAT”
The Clipper (left) If you dote on trim brevity, you’ll dote on the Jantzen Clipper! Briefly cut for gloriously free action and perfect comfort. Comfortable girdle-fit —• because it’s made of Wisp-O-Weight, Jantzen’s quick drying fabric triumph of wool and "Lastex” yarns. $5.95. Other Jantzens, $4.95 up.
The Zip Hitch (right) On or off with a zip! The 1938 version of Jantzen’s revolutionary trunks I Quicker, easier to put on and take off—because of the concealed Talon fastener. An exclusive Jantzen . origination, $3.95. Other Jantzens, $2,95 up.
Bar none—Jantzen “Lastex” Wisp-O-Weights are the grandest fitting swim suits ever created! You’ll marvel at their feathery lightness, alluring softness — at the way they snug firmly, sleekly to the body. A WISP OP WEIGHT WITH POUNDS OP FIGURE CONTROL. Brilliantly styled for tlirilling perfection in sun-and-sea wear. Wisp-O-Weight suits of luxurious wool or pure silk have “Lastex” yam knitted in by an exclusive Jantzen process. Perfect, PERMANENT fit, in the water and out. They have a nice way of drying quickly. PEEL the difference! SEE the difference on you! '
518-520 Main St.
As Advertised in LIFE Magazine DECKER’S
Phone 64777-%
0 Tuesday, June 21, 1938
SPORTS
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
SPORTS
f
lelder’s.».. ....choice i-«-By Don Bailey— —
Cincinnati rode into second place in the National League race Sunday although many sport pages failed to acknowledge the fact. The whole dilemma is due to a protested St. Louis-Cincinnati game that the Cardinals won. Ford Frick, National League president, Recently ruled that the game must be played over; hence, the Reds are charged with one too many defeats. This gives Vander Meer an eight point margin over the fastslipping Chicago Bruins.
This department’s predicting on the national collegiate track meet went so far astray that hereafter we. will do only hoping. We hope the Big Ten track team will defeat the Pacific Coast lads Saturday at Dyche Stadium. Bob Lemen and Art Bodeau will be running with Purdue colors. Lemen could finish no better than sixth in the 220 yard low hurdles at the NCAA last Saturday while Bodeau failed to qualify in the half-mile. - _FC— This year the All-Star game between picked National and American League teams will be played in Cincinnati, and therein lies a factor which may determine the winner. The American Leaguers
will depend largely on long distance hitting although they will be well represented on the mound, too. —FC— Fewer home runs were hit at Cincinnati last year than at any other major league park. Right field Texas leaguers go for home runs in many of the American League fields, but right field in Redland is 40 feet longer than the longest rightfield in the junior circuit. Gehrig, Dickey, Averill, Trosky, Gehringer, and other lefthanders may have some of their usual extra base hits caught in Cincinnati.
History Favors Champion Joe Louis Over Schmeling In Tomorrow's Fight Tomorrow night Joe Louis, world’s heavyweight boxing champion, defends his crown against Max Schmeling, former title holder, at Yankee Stadium, New York. Although not favored by the experts, Schmeling will enter the ring at 8 o’clock tomorrow “feeling like a champion,” according
to latest reports.
Shop
at
Southworths
and
Save
Books and Supplies For EVERY Course SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
Betting odds also favor the champion, as there are many who believe two years of experience for Louis will make him better than he was when the two men last met, while two more years added to Max’s age will act against him. As a sidelight on the affair which an estimated 85,000 will attend (Herr Schmeling please take note), here’s what happened to the champions of the past who attempted to regain their titles: Previous Attempts Coney Island, New York, May 11 —After outpointing Jim Jeffries, then world’s champion, for 23 rounds, Jim Corbett was knocked out in the twenty-fourth round in his first attempt to win back the crown. San Francisco, Cal,, July 26, 1902 . . . Jeffries again dampened an ex-champion’s hopes when he knocked out Bob Fitzsimmons in the eighth round. San Francisco, Cal., August 14, 1903 . . , For the third time Jim Jeffries successfully defended his title against a former champion. On this occasion a terrific left hook to Corbett’s mid-section in the second round told the challenger he was through, but he hung on until Jim gathered up enough strength to send him down for the count in the tenth round of what was Corbett’s last fight. He was the only boxer to get a crack at it twice after being dethroned. Reno, Nev., July 4, 1910 . . , This time it was Jim Jeffries who was trying to come back, urged on by friends who were praying for a “white hope.” He was knocked out, however, by the Negro Jack Johnson . . . the only time Jim ever took the count. " ^ Chicago, 111., September 22, 1927 . . . Jack Dempsey lost to Gene
They're Off!
WeVe not advertising honeymoons or race tracks, but when it comes to efficient and economical transportation, we have it and are here to serve you.
STREET RAILWAYS, INC
I
In Summer School The Purdue Spirits Will Still Reign—
And may you*se guys and gals enjoy a cool and successful school session. Suggest you let us relieve you of your automobile worries.
After You We Come First
The Peter Anderson Co
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
Tunney in his only comeback attempt, in the fight made famous by “the long count.” A year previously Tunney had taken the title from Dempsey, Others Stopped Earlier That is the toll. Five times great men have failed in heartbreaking returns.' More times than that men have tried to rise again but have been stopped before meeting the champion. Jess Willard, six-foot-six, 250-pounder was knocked out by Firpo after Jess lost his championship. Fitzsimmons tried again five years after being whipped by Jeff, but lasted less than two rounds against Jack Johnson in 1907. More recently. Camera tried to re-climb the ladder, but Louis sent him to the floor in the sixth round of the Italian giant’s last fight in America. Louis also stopped Maxie Baer the same fall after the Livermore, Cal., playboy lost his crown. Now Baer is calmly waiting the outcome of tomorrow’s fight to see whom he will “lick” in September. Seventeen Students Report For Summer School Baseball Team Seventeen men had indicated interest in playing on the summer school baseball team by yesterday morning. The date for the first game with Ross Camp has not yet been set. Very few of the candidates for the diamond team were content with placing only one possible playing position by their names. One lad put down “field or bases,” while several indicated ability at different outfield or infield p6si-
tions.
In checking the total list up to that time, an observer discovered there were three possible men for catch, three for pitch, four for first base, three for second, three for short, two for third, and nine for the outfield. The players practiced at the freshman diamond at the north end of Intramural Field yesterday at 4 o’clock. Anyone interested can still sign up, “Chief” Clevett said yesterday. Billiards Tournament Progresses In Union The straight rail billiards tournament got under way Friday in the Union Building as Zachary defeated Fall, Bosco downed Langford, and Lewis beat Hokanson. The losers were eliminated from further play. In the rotation tournament Miller won over Duncan, and Gingrich defeated Schlesinger. Nineteen entered the billiards and 21 entered the rotation pockets tournaments. Entries are still open, according to a statement by P. E. Whitney, head of the billiard room. There is no entry fee, and tournament play will go on daily. ^ PE School Gives Gym, Playground Courses A course in intramurals and games for gymnasium and playground is being offered during the summer for those physical education students interested in group or mass activities. This class meets at 1 and at 3 o’clock. Students may sign up for the course with Clevett or at the registrar’s office. It is numbered S21. There is also a class in swimming instruction from 11 to 12 and another from 5 to 6. This class number is S2. McCarthy Voices Bout Clem McCarthy, veteran NBC sports commentator, will relay the Louis-Schmeling fight to radio fans tomorrow night over the NBC network. The fight broadcast begins at 8 o’clock central standard time.
Purdue Men Run For Big Ten Saturday Hurdler Finishes Sixf'h In National Track Meet For Purdue’s One Point ^ Bob Lemen, Boilermaker track star of the past three seasons, crossed the finish line in sixth place in the low hurdles at the National Collegiate Athletic Association track meet in Minneapolis Saturday afternoon to win Purdue’s only point. Fred Wolcott, sensational Rice Institute sophomore, won both hurdles events, setting a new collegiate record of 14 seconds in the 120 yard high hurdles preliminaries and running it in :14.1 in the ■ finals. Lemen finished behind Wolcott, Vickery, of Southern California, Woodstra, of Michigan State, Anderson, of California, and Belcher, of Georgia Tech, in a race which indicates the range of talent represented in the^meet. Four different “states” finished ahead of the Boilennaker star. Winning time was :23.3. Run Next Saturday Art Bodeau was less fortunate than his teammate, failing to place in the finals of the half mile. Both Lemen and Bodeau will be on the Big Ten team which meets the Pacific Coast in the second annual dual meet between the two sections next Saturday at Dyche Stadium, Northwestern University. The squads consist of three men for each of 16 events. At Minneapolis Saturday, 33 universities scored one or more points, headed by the Trojans of Southern California, who won for the fourth consecutive year, piling up 691 points for a margin of 311 points. Stanford was second with 38, Michigan third with 28|, Wisconsin fourth with 28, while Notre Dame and Rice tied for fifth with 24 points each. Four NCAA Records Set Four new meet records were set during the day. Louis Zamperini, Southern California, ran the mile in 4:08.3, a new record, in beating Wisconsin’s Fenske, Big Ten champion. Mehl, Wisconsin, ran the two mile event in 9:11.5 for another national collegiate record, while Dave Albritton, Ohio State, and Gil Cruter, Colorado, tied for a new record of six feet, 81 inches in the high jump. Wolcott’s time in the 120 yard hurdles was the other record. IM Department Opens Summer Sports Entry “Men interested to participate in campus baseball, badminton, tennis, horseshoes, and golf may sign their names on entry blanks in the Fieldhouse basement,” “Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural department, said yesterday.
League Standings National League Won Lost Pet. New York 34 21 .618 Cincinnati 30 22 .577 Chicago 33 25 .569 Pittsburgh 29 23 .658 Boston 26 24 .520 St. Louis 24 29 .453 Brooklyn 23 32 .418 Philadelphia 14 35 .286 Yesterday’s Results: Chicago, 5; Brooklyn. 1. Cincinnati, 3; Boston, 1 (13 innings). (Only games scheduled). American League Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 33 20 .623 New York 31 21 .696 Boston 32 22 .593 Washington 30 22 .577 Detroit 28 28 .600 Philadelphia 24 29 .453 Chicago 19 81 .380 St. Louis 17 84 .333 Yesterday’s Results: New York, 8; St. Louis. 4. (Only game scheduled). American Association Won Lost Pet. Indianapolis 35 21 .625 St. Paul 33 21 .611 Kansas City 32 23 .582 Minneapolis 30 26 .536 Milwaukee 27 28 .491 Toledo 27' 32 .458 Columbus 20 36 .444 Louisville 19 37 .339 Yesterday’s Results Indianapolis. 1-9; Minneapolis, 6-4. St. Paul, 7-10, Louisvdle, 2-8. Kansas City, 18; Columbus, 3. Toledo, 10; Milwaukee, 9.fi
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Tuesday, June 21, 1938
Civil Engineers Start Eight\l^eeks* Study, Field Work At Ross Camp
Camp life began a week ago for 91 civil engineering students at Ross Camp. Field work and computation will occupy most of the time these students spend in camp before closing day, August 13. Under the guidance of Camp Director G. E. Lommel and his associates, Prof. M. W. Todd, Prof. G. P. Springer, M. E. Neligh, L. H. Kemmer, and Henry Hill, the campers vnll learn the field work side of civil engineering. The group has been divided into two sections, one under Prof. Springer, and the other under the other staff men. Prof. Springer’s group is laying out highways, starting with the untouched ground and figuring grades and curves till the highway is completely staked out and ready for the contractors. The other bunch is concentrating on topographic mapping and “higher surveying,” a type of surveying requiring very precise work. They will survey the entire 140 acre camp site, and will do some work in engineering astronomy. Each summer the camp students take a couple of days off from their school work and carry out some camp improvement pioject. It was in this way that the swimming pool, concrete walks, and many other things were obtained. This year the improvement work will include the completion of the tennis courts and the beginning of an erosion control plan. Most of the vork will entail mixing and laying concrete for sewers and drains. An elderly man, Frank Binns, may be seen among the campers this year—he is an instructor from the University of New Brunswick in Canada, taking the course with the idea of duplicating it at his University.
So Convenient
71- C a^etetLd
So Refreshing — A Malt or a Coke in the Grill or the Sweet Shop.
I
Food for Every Appetite in the Grill Cafeteria Chestnut Room
Purdue Memorial
Uuion
cS>weet
BOWLING... BILLIARDS
BARBER SHOP
Remember — the doors of your Union are open all summer. Open for you! Comer of the Campus
Yet the Center
of Campus Activities
180 Are In Fort Knox Army Now -NOTICES
Fieldhouse Gives Complete Service In Summer Term Summer school students will have the full facilities of the Fieldhouse at their disposal during the regular summer term. Plans concerning locker checkout, swimming, checkroom service, tennis, etc., indicate that the summer session program are little different from the regular term schedule of intramural activity. Each evening except on Saturday, Sunday, and any other nights which already have a dance or convocation scheduled, the swimming pool will be open from 7:30 to 9 o’clock. The pool will also be open at 11-12 every morning, and in the afternoon at the following times: 1-2 every week day; 3-6 every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday; 3-4 and 5-6 every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Swimming classes will be held at 4-6 each Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Tennis courts will be open to students at all times. If the demand becomes greater than the number of courts available a reservation chait will be arranged. Checkout service will not be altered as golf, archery, horseshoes, basketball, softball, and other equipment may be checked out as usual. A faculty family hour will be instituted in the swimming pool beginning Sunday from 4 to 6 o’clock, its permanence depending upon the amount of interest shown by faculty members, Clevett said. Students who wish to play tennis may get their court reservations at the checkout window.
By M. C. Reeves Exponent Staff Correspondent Fort Knox, Ky., June 20—Sunday at 2 p, m. was the deadline for Purdue’s 180 officers-to-Ije to report for duty at Fort Knox, Kentucky. At this hour junior ROTC cadet officers began a transformation from easy-going civilans into hard-working soldiers of Uncle Sam’s army. The War Department paid for their trans*portation between Lafayette and Fort Knox, a distance of 220 miles, at the rate of a nickel a mile. Of course those boys who are so fortunate as to have lifetime railroad passes will have eleven dollars more to spend for beer than the rest of the boys. “Processing” After arriving at camp, they started what is termed by camp officials as “processing,” which includes checking out uniforms, securing bedding, being assigned to a battery area and tent mates, undergoing a physical examination, and numerous other details. Only one day, Sunday, was allowed for this processing, and on Monday the camp officers began assigning regular duties. The Purdue boys will feel right at home this summer because almost all of the University motorized equipment is going to see service during the next six weeks at Knox. The French 75 mm guns that have been gracing the armory floor ever since the Armistice have not fired a loaded projectile since that memorable date. Consequently, the Ordnance Department is giving each one of the guns a thorough repair and inspection in
order to have them all in firing ordei for the artillery ranges. Tents Instead Of Barracks Another new feature of camp this summer is that the ROTC is going to be housed in tents instead of the previously assigned barracks. This switch of quarters promises to be a turn for the better, because those old barracks had a reputation for being a dust trap for any and all dirt that existed on the reservation. The regularly assigned duties will keep the junior officers extremely busy from six-thirty in
the morning until four o’clock in the afternoon. Upon completion of the day’s work, there are many varied activities to participate in, such as boxing, baseball, swimming, golfing, wrestling, and volleyball. Six weeks is a long time to spend at a military camp, especially in the weltering heat of a Kentucky summer, but when one considers that the government is paying each of the boys twenty-one dollars a month plus room and board, those six weeks begin to look pretty profitable.
Sumirer Session Chorus: RehoaV-sal for Tuesday niglit, June 21, is cancelled in favor of the rehearsal of yesterday evening. Regular reheaisal Thursday, 7 110 p. m. —WORCESTER
Life Guards: All people desiring to be life guards at the Purdue swimming pool should report at room 111 of the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT
Stamp Collectors: The Lafayette Philatelic Society will hold nneetings ev' ry Wednesday night during the summer. For the rest of this month the meetings will be conducted in the Tippecanoe County Historical Society rooms at 11th and Main * streets, Lafayette. All collectors are cordially invited to attend these meetings. —MILLER The University of Wisconsin has a new department for the study ^ and teaching of Gaelic.
You Need Crown Service MORE in Summer than Any Other Time.... More soiled clothes because of light apparel — perspiration. You can depend on Crown for rapid service.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of Hill, On the Corner
Take A Tip From Us
' ^EAC
Books
New and Used, For Every Course
Novelties
Pennants, Slickers, etc.
Purdue Jewelry 'Everything in the Jewelry Line, Sport Goods
T ennis Racquets, Balls Golf Clubs, Balls
Supplies
Lah Supplies, Notebooks, Paper.
H. G. (Deac IREISNER