'“'’ft
M '' K
’.‘y' ■
iC'
, f l^’ '‘ijf'’-
"ti
Coeds Organize To Sell Bonds As Drive Begins
Assistance from coeds for the I^titth War Loan Bond Drive was organized at a meeting held in the l|h|dn Building yesterday with apt)r6i(imhtely 100 coeds volunteering to, aid in the campaign. , " Jahet Bahls introduced the speakei', Joseph A. Andrew, chairman of speakers’ bureau for the drive, wKio explained what would be re-
quired of the coeds. Bonds Will be sold by them in the Chestnut Room of the Union, the Union cafeteria, the Home Economics cafeteria and the Women’s Residence Halls. Betty Purcell is representing Pan-Hellenic in the drive, which will last four weeks, while Mary Grey is in charge of the efforts of the coeds
who are members of the Studet^t Cooperative Association, and Edna Ba^sh is responsible for the Women’s Residence Halls. «' Pew people realize that the war. is costing about $250,000,000 per day, which is an unbelievable $175,000 per minute. And by June 30, 1944, end of the fiscal year, the gov-
ernment will have added to its treasury $98 billions more. $57 Billions tmCome Frdm People Of this grand total to be gathered in by the government, about $41 billions will be raised in taxes, with the rest, $67 billions, coming from loans. The government, which is-
now quite used to dealing in the billions, estimates the national debt as high as $200 billions by June 30, 1944. Income payments to individuals for 1944 are expected to total $148 billions, with federal, state and local taxes on individuals estimated at $22 billions. Citizens will have about
$126 pillions left for living and buying bonds. Buy Bonds to Avert Inflation Consumer expenditures in 1944 are estimated at $90 billions. However, if prices had remained at 1940 levels, the total expenditures would have been about $70 billions. If
people had put the difference in war bonds their buying power would have been as great, and insurance, ■pensions, etc., would have been worth more today. With four-fifths of the nation’s income in the earning class of $5000 or less bracket, the bulk of the saving most be done by them to check inflation.
^fpRTS COLUMN Discusses Big 10 Standings
Established 1881
9 Ten Bucks!
EDITORIAL Comments On War Bond Drive
Vt^lume 56, No. 103
Purdue Urtiversify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, January 18, 1944
Representatives Meet to Study Pest Control . One hundred and fifty representatives from 16 states and (knada opened the Pest Control Conference yesterday in a discussion meeting concerning the fundamental life of insects and their control. ' ■ " Day meetings for the group are to be held in the Agriculture tiuilding, but the night meetings will be held in the Union building. This morning’s discussion
Coast Guard Officer Interviews Civilian Applicants Friday Lt. Commandei' J. S. Merryman of the United States Coast Guard Academy at New London, Conn.,
Comdr. Stratton Will Speak War Council Supports At Convocation Thursday Troilblozers’
will concern termites. During the afternoon fumigation of insects will be considered, and the evening sessions will be devoted to “Insect Hallucinations.” In the morning session Wednesday general problems in the. entomological world are to be discussed, but in the afternoon the field will be narrowed down to rodent prob-
. „ ., ^ lems. Acting as toastmaster at a
banquet for the representatives in the Fowler Hotel Wednesday evening will be Dr. E. C. Elliott, with Dr. Frank Hall of the history department as main speaker of the
evening.
Thursday, with a general session on household insects including those prevalent in army camps, the conference will close.
Commander Dorothy Stratton of the SPARS, who will speak on the subject, “Today’s Women Tomorrow”, at a convocation for coeds Thursday at 7 ;30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, will be ^ on’campus three days this week. The convocation is sponsored by Associated Women Stu-
dents.
The former dean of women, who is on leave of absence to serve as SPARS commander, will meet with the “Committee on Education of Women” and with the “Post War Planning Committee” of the Home Econom- -
ics shcool while in Lafayette. She will also''attend the reception Wednesday evening for the Board of Trustees, and is scheduled for personal interviews with staff members
and students.
uhiy 21, for conferences with any civilian students who might be interested in becoming cadets in the Coast Guard. Those who are interested must notify the personnel offices by Wednesday; otherwise Lt. Commander Merryman will cancel
his trip to the University.
On Jaijpary 13 Lt. Commander J. S. Merryman came to the University in order to speak with the army and navy personnel, but tjus time he will devote his time in discussing with civilian men qualifications according to Coast Guard
regulations.
Eligibility Requirements Genei’al requirements for eligibility are as follows: 1. Candidates must be citizens of the United States and must be 17 years old and not more than 22 on May 1 of the calendar year in which appointed cadets. Candidates under 21 years must furnish the written consent of parent or guardian. 2. Candidates must satisfy the commandant of the Coast Guard in regard to good moral character and standing in the Community. 3. They must be unmarried and any cadet who marries and is found to be married before final graduation will be forced to resign. 6. They must be physically sound and not less thhn 5 feet 6 inches tall, stripped. 6. No person who has been dismissed or compelled to resign from the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy or the United States Coast Guard Academy for improper conduct is eligible for appointment as a cadet in the Coast Guard. 7. Vision must be 20/20 uncorrected in each eye. Also these credits must be included from high school or college: 2 algebra, 1 plane geometi’y. Vs trigonometry, 3 English, 1 physics, 1 chemistry and GVz other optional units. Coast Guard Training The Coast Guard Academy at New London is a fully accedited institution under the same standards as the U. S. Naval and Military academies. It intends to give training to those young men who desire commissions and careers in the Coast Guard. Upon completion of the three-year course the successful cadet receives his bachelor of science degree in engineering and a
commission.
A recent ruling by the selective service headquarters reads to the eff'cct that young men who are nominated for the service ac'hdemies are eligible for deferment from selec-
tive service. Cadet Pay
Cadets receive the same pay as midshipmen in the Navy. Now it is $780 per annum and commutation for one ration per day. Pay begins upon the date the oath of office is taken. Most of a cadet’s pay is used to defray expenses during cadetship. No cadet may contract any debt or receive financial assistance from home without pei mission,
Applied Design Bldg. Houses New Dubose Design Collection Hanging throughout three rooms of the Applied Design Building are hand blocked, printed and woven textiles from the Dubose modei’ii textile collection. New trends of design are expressed in rich, vivid colors, striking contrasts and interesting textures. In the collection ai-e designs from various countries; for example there is a hand blocked print from Turkey, designs from Java and India, a fabric of mohair and cotton made up in a Pennsylvania Dutch design, tropical designs on linen and another called “Germany in 1930.” One screen print is a reproduction of a Cezanne still-life painting. This display will be in the Applied Design Building this week for all who are interested to see and become acquainted with the designs in textiles of other countries. PIA Sets Petition Deadline Thursday A1 Henderson, president of the PIA, announces that petitions for board memberships will be accepted in the PIA office until Thursday, January 20. The fpllowmg positions are open: Political chairman, social chairmen (one boy and one girl), membership chairman and radio program chairman. Petitions must be signed by 26 students and candidates must have at least a sophomore standing in the University. Dr. Joseph Tiffin . . . professor of industrial psychology, addressed the forty-sev-enth annual convention of the Indiana Association of Optometrists in Indianapolis last Sunday and
Monday.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges Horace N. Davidon Paul T. Homsher Kendall M. Gilbert Oscar A. Jciide Ralph L. Merrill George M. Palmer, Jr. Wayne K. Price Thomas H, Spitler
Scotch Official Will Inspect Farm Projects Arthur R. Wanof^, an executive agricultural official for the county of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, will spend January 24 to 26 inspecting research and extension work under way at the University and farm activities in Hamilton and Montgomery counties. Mi’. Wanop is on an educational tour of important American agricultural centers. Chairman of the Scottish Association of the Young Farmers’ Club, Mr. Wanop will confer with state 4-H club staff and animal and dairy husbandry departments on Monday morning. At 4 p. m. Monday afternoon he will address the entire agricultural staff of the University. He will also spend Wednesday on
the campus.
• Officially charged with the administration of the British government’s war time agricultural policy in the county of Aberdeenshire, Mr. Wanop is also a member of the Scottish agricultural improvement council and the agricultural machinery development board of his country. He came to the United States at the invitation of the U. S. Department of Agriculture. Junior Union Job Petitions Due Friday Petitions from Student Union woi’kers who are applying for junior jobs in the organization are due Friday at 5 p. m. in the Union office, according to Ginny Armstrong, co-publicity chairman for Union. Interviews and elections will be held the following Tuesday at 5 p. m. with the selection of junior jqb holders made by members of the senior board, John Woolling, Katie Gannon, Mary Bowlby, L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, and President E. C. Elliott.
Commander Stratton is speaking this week also at a convocation at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. Martha McCulloch and Ginny Warren are in charge of the convocation here Thursday. Ag Alumni Present Ailkenhead's Portrait To University Staff Prof. William C. Aitkenhead, who retired last summer as head of agricultural engineering here, has been honored by the presentation of his portrait to the University by the Agricultural Association. E. R. Meneffee, who made the presentation at the annual banquet last week, reviewed the life and work of the veteran faculty member. The portrait, painted by Randolph Coats, Indianapolis artist, will hang in the gallery of the Agricultural Experiment Station, along with other paintings recently given to the University. Elliott Accepts President E. C. Elliott accepted the portrait for the University and paid tribute to the retired professor by pointing out the long and devoted service of Prof. Aitkenhead. “The work of Prof. Aitkenhead and others who put sei’vice above self, not the brick and mortar of the buildings alone, is what makes the University what it is,” said Dr. El-
liott.
Prof. Aitkenhead, who has been at the University for 29 years, is still teaching on a part-time basis, although he has reached the retirement age.
WAA Selects Rifiery Teams For Tourney The WAA class riflery tournament will take place tomorrow night. The following teams have been chosen from the girls having three practices and a previous indei
of 3.5.
Senior girls are Doris Hahnenstein, Maren McCallister, Ellen Clark and Billie Nicholson. The manager for this team is Louise Bla-
lock.
On the junior team are Pat Burgess, Gloria Specht, Annie Stevenson, Ruth Wilcox, Pat Patterson and Marian Lafuze. Following these are the sophomores with Margai’et Sigler, Mary Bertsch, Jean Kettring, Pete Peterson, Marilyn Koll, Delora Gullstrom, Shirley Eldridge, Rosemai’y Arety and Fran Allen. Those comprising the freshman team are Betty Benson, Jean Ellis, Pat Smith and Manager Eileen Nesi,us. On the RCA team are Rosemary Toune, Shirley Fix, Dorothy Williams, Jane Carlson, Ann Hathaway and Marian Bede. The schedule for the evening shooting is as follows: Seniors at 6:30, junioirs at 6:45, RCA 7, sophomores 7:15 and freshmen at 7:30. Robertson Will Talk On Gyroscopes At 7 Prof. C. H. Robertson will give a lecture today, sponsored by the mechanical engineering department, on “Th^yroscope, Its Application and Its Usages.” It will be held at 7 p. in. in room 103 of the Physics Building and is open to the public. Robertson will have slides and many experiments to help illustrate his lecture. His lecture will cover the monorail car, stabilizing of ships, the gyroscope compass, automatic pilot, recording, indicating and many more.
With the campaign against “trailblazers” going into its second day, it has been announced that the Student War Council has joined with the Exponent in giving active support to the University’s appeal for observance of the campus laws against
walking on the grass or smoking in buildings.
The Student War Council, composed of representatives of all student organizations and representatives of residence appeals not to use the paths worn groups on the campus, has be- in the grass, but rather to stay to gun a verbal campaign against the walks. Campus policemen cauall students seen walking on tioned several people during the day ., but,, according to reports, their prese grass. ^ '^pce seived as a powerful deterrent Smoking in buildings has would-be trailblazers. An imbeen especially prevalent, according proVement was noted on the part of to recent reports, so that recent ac- coeds, whose practice it was to cross tion by the War Council and the the mall in front of the service and
Exponent has been taken in order that students may act to encourage observance of the regulations. Becoming Observant Reports from University officials on Monday’s events indicate that
stores building on their way to and from the mechanical or electrical engineering buildings. According to Levering, plant production officer, the number of people haa decreased approximately 30 to only
students are becoming observant of one.
Green Road To Ruin . . .
Trailblazers' Damage Soil; Rujn Chances For Spring Grass Crop
By Pat Richardson Thirty days has November . . , and from the first day of November to the end of the freezing and thawing weather of winter students should avoid walking on the lawn because the traffic not only injui'es the grass but damages the soil structui’e as well, according to University Bulletin 254, January, 1941, dealing with the making and maintenance of a lawn. In the spring the University has lawns reseeded and fertilized and, after allowing it to attain a good spring stand, the lawns are cut by power mowers and sickles, according to C. C. Smith of the repair shop. However, says Smith, in cases of trampled ground sucli as the strip by Heavilon Hall or across the Ag Extension Service lawn, seeding is
not sufficient or speedy enough. Sodding, a more expensive process than reseeding, must then be used and the sod is brought from University ft^rms 111 the suirounding countryside. Labor Shortage Before the war reseeding and sodding wore earned on much more extensively, but as experienced men working in the repair shop were drafted less care could be taken of the lawns. Worn spots that would have otherwise soon been replanted weie left untouched and grew larger. Students seemed to have less scruples about going wheie others had gone before. More workers cannot be obtained to care for the turf, but students can be more careful and walk only
on the cement. Soil that has been trampled and packed solid must either be replaced by fi’esh soil or spaded up for a depth of more than a foot, heavily fertilized and carefully screened to form a “crumb” structure. Best Grass Used Bare patches mottling the tuif are definitely not due to improper seeding mixtia-es or seed bed prepaiations, as the University uses rich black dirt and the proper 0-20-10 fertilizer. Most of the grass in open non-shaded areas is Kentucky blue grass with a few tufts of redtop, a nurse crop. Dry shaded spots are plaiTited in Chewings Fescue, while moist shady areas are seeded in rough stalked meadow grass and ledtop.
Ag Experiment Station Appoints Soybean Expert To Field Stall Dr. F. A. Frank of Decatur was recently appointed associate agronomist on the staff of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, it was announced by Director H. J. Reed. Dr. Frank, who was connected with the Central Sugar Company for several years, will do field experimental work on soybean produc-
tion problems.
Working in cooperation with Indiana farmei's the new staff member, under the direction of Dr. G. D. Scarseth, head of the agronomy department, will search for prac’tical answers to many problems concerning soybean fertilization, rotation, plantin'g and yield. The new project will continue for a fiveyear period through the support of the Center Soya Company, Decatur. The appointment of Dr. Frank will be effective immediately. He comes to the University with a varied background, having been educated in Europe and the United States and connected for several years with the Farm School, Doylestown, Pa. It was his grandfather who discovered and developed the famous cynamid process for niak-<
ing synthetic nitrogen. . WAA Basketball
To Begin Tomorrow WAA announces practices will begin for intramural basketball tomorrow from 4 to 6 p. m. Practices will be held until Friday of next week. Girls will practice as a team so that they may prepare for the tournament, which begins Feb-
ruary 2.
All girls are invited to participate in the sport but two practices are required for WAA members wanting points. Freshman YWCA Cabinet To Help New Students Freshman Cabinet, new department of YWCA, has been set up for the first time in the history of the University. It is designed to help the freshmen by getting their view-
points.
At a lecent meeting Kutiina Truax was elected chairman and Agnes Samples secretary. Other members of the cabinet are Marjorie Blakslee, Bessie Meants and Edna Ruth
Wilson.
H. 7. Muzumdar Will Open Forum Series Tonight Dr. Haridas T. Muzumdar will begin the winter Wesley and Hillel Foundation Forum series in the great hall of the Wesley Foundation tonight by speaking on “The Shape of Things to Come.” Dr. Muzumdar is an authority on the Orient and his keen analysis of the situation in India today assures all that he will be an outstanding forum speaker. The speaker has received his graduate education in this country and speaks English flu-
ently.
Following his address the meeting will be opened for questions from the audience. Season tickets are still available at $1.65 each or single admissions are available at
66 cents.
Surgeons Approve Lafayette Hospitals In National Survey Lafayette Home Hospital and, St. Elizabeth Hospital have been placed on the approved list by the Amer- . ican College of Surgeons, an organization representing some 14,000 leading surgeons in the United States and Canada. Home Hospital is also approved for residencies or fellowships by the American Medi-. cal Association and St. Elizabeth is approved for training interns by the
A. M. A.
Each year the American College of Surgeons conducts a survey of all hospitals in the United States and Canada to determine what institutions are meeting the basic requirements. ACS stipulates that the hospital must have a “modern, well operated physical plant; constitution and bylaws clearly stating relations, organizations, duties and responsibilities; a tesponsible governing board; a competent, well trained administrator; an adequate, efficient, properly organized and supervised staff; an organized medical staff of ethical, competent physicians and surgeons; adequate diagnostic a^nd therapeutic facilities under competent supervision; accurate, complete medical recortls, readily accessible tor reseaich and follow-upi; regular group conferences of adnunistiative staff' and of medii^I staff to review thoroughly their respective 'activities, and a scientific spirit which will assure the greatest medical and nursing aid to each
patient.”
"ij v'Vr . ■ vl J j/M."I
Purdue Exponent
S
’s!
Tuesdayf January 18,194^^
m
Pp^ue Exponent
combined with
Purdue Independeni*
'^diffice^ Editorial and Business Purduo Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phpne After 10pm, 5377
dditor Hus ness ’Vlnnacrer News hlilor me rriftor “Sp rt totl^ra
Ellis Mnrplij Mary Dilts Willialn H Tysoi Carolyn ^ytlbnr Uii sell M Eipe i
Pubheat on Staff trill r nl Staff Inol Mlctt Rilh M Ford Madelyn A
(.r t i !
I I
an M li a 1 c R es AcKc an Pa 1 Garb
M
s'p rts ! f s Ian 0 1 (. r 1 \N n C 1 1 t
iff sRtrtrll's Leo Pr prin a r J \ 1 KotU ne Rob Baker
Business Staff Soverfia ilg Managtr C 1 C in an< S K rt (, Mai a),cr li tt Maney I. dial n Manager R a r an
Car
a 1
Sta^f for This Issue
r lo
Dav Fditor Georges Sp rls Edi r W Garl 1 0 Pci 1 Raanes
^ 1 \ pel (. Go d R ppet e Ricl 1 \a ar 'V In T escbii"' MU 1 (. r s 1 Gr zd L 0 Son e rilh tng apher W L T 11 tr
I L
p St office in Lafa b f March 3 18 !
t V d d for in secti tt r IT nuary 20 1022 an 1 Saturday mornmes dur to I r ods Delivered da t r bj all for 111 60 for ob a n d at the Exponen
Ln on
i t, 1 y National Advertm 1 1 11 h r Representatives 42 Y rk N Y
U
h, 15
Tm R q U S Pe 0«
0'ROUND
By DREW PEARSON Madame Wei, Wife Of Chirsese
Envoy, Rse Clriang As 1 snn oro - mei hs o dt ei Bi dll ^ arios
ilf
To Madame
Big Woman in China -One dai OCD hid n lit o docu o 11C ai Dcp-ii neni s Pent 1^,011 The ici i oni W ash ngton Pievi
c 11 CCD m 1 toin d lint lelncn lav appiopintc c o c 1 c s vbt the’i decided to make thi'i deliver"v pci son il ai d dnect An OCD official took a pnv tie cai diovc icioss the It 1C south Loading en tiance of the gnnt hiiilding A. cicw ol woikmen iieie loneiin^. insmc he entiai cc 1 iiu they offcicd no is sivfi ce in til nin ihe tiiful ol iiickteif,!, into Penta gon ^idi en IS o] Uiei lefu ed to help It tt cl 0 t h tt c 1 cn \ cie loideis not un loade ard len 11 ion illes foibule them to lift
pa OUh
cb 0 loliihiig thev could onlj lift them
;(i¥
cc of tl c C
V
K sc An! I s idol to Wash
on in 1 Ma 1 incWci is 1 nown T hr n nc is iniohc fliib couple T in 1 the c in ils it the Chinese N i Pul i lie ( cncialnsimo tnd Mi
HI c le
111 n D
as 1 t in 0*11 IS In ost ‘ tion 1 Pcjpi dan e C iiain
Yu c Y c IS no M illoM t eo She stands like tii oal c p 1 1 h sj nd Pcm people tie aw iie of the tiai s e ] s, la'ycl 1 It hn] 1 " tl e Goveinment tt
O
W 1 '>n o 1 hftcen she bee ime i leadci in the ie\o lition against tae E npeio Shr, m ent to Japan loined the i h ic=c le o u loiui paitj and \\ is sent b tel 0 '^el ng as 1 1 sle 1] ost lie f ithei s home he e t o ail 1 eadqi iitois e n 1 ecie 1 to can / bonbs fiom rientsin ) E 1 fo h she went binignn ei ough j ecu 1 os lit the lei olution c Wo.s ovei the paity sent hti to cii X Cl c 11 a Pans lai/ school she ng Tie letiuned to Shanghai to 1 c I e Pw and tliGi e they v/cie maincd IJ 2 ihen Di Sun Y it sen oigani/ed the le’volt ga n he Pel n fo\ eminent thej both tinew them 1 e into tic came And when the newr N ition il Goveinment v is established in Nanking 111 1926 Ma uai c '' e w IS ofteied the post of Mmistei of Justice Bui 'n icmuiied i d ui-,ed Ih it hci husband be ip ] oin cd instead Tins w ,,s t It the fn st ol tin ee r cc isions when the Oiicnial lich ste] ped 1 Ic^ 11 lavoi <i hei hush uul In 1J11 she 1 1 su ge ted f i the po t ot Chinese Mn I tc) 1 I lane Again she demiuied and ingcd tl at 1 Cl husl ai d ) e appointed instc id V h Ic tl cv we t Cl loute to I lance ciossing tlie Lmted St rtes the \ichy Goieinment c unc into such dm \o tl ittlci wci t no fui thei ( Inn i decided it want ijoientsii ili r itVicln n c Cl me ( Go\cin lu 1 i w is ju-it changin,^ its am h^s adoi ! v' 1 ) t AJa lame Y ci w is asked it ijt \ oiild tal f the j t J oi the tliiid time she de nun ctl d) d the aj) 0 tin nt w ent to Di Yci flhu e 11C tic twii oiks to the Chinese Lm 14- \ \Ori Mad in e Yci in 1 M idame Chiang aie the on' iw > womc n tl e e ceiitivc Council 01 the N i tiiiin ' Pcoj le I m
'44 GOP
Y h Ic 1 1 I 1 1 d «t isl 1 Dtm Cl loa I I 1 1 \ It t „ GOT tl c ) 11] inoiib 1 ^ 11 t fp o ft'l '
1 il 1 1 t e Sen ite caletciia tie ‘■Liiatoi t Gillette ot i I Y illue 11 White oi J uici' ! lus c\ci il I^cpu) li tell it \ itl tl m c I n a^, mist us Demo
(1 1
J J
tf 1
t 1 1
1 ( il'it
li
11 tl e slioi gest c indidate the I c i lection leplied White
1' 1
■\ oa otlu
1 !
I (1 111 ttc 1 h it ' II UM ou) seh (
omcthin„ I m in the
(am]
Just at tl at bug H 1
ment GOP Senatoi Aithui Vanden
1 cut the 11) It
’ jn> cU ml \ u 'll tin i kc i White Yitl! ^ J see It 1 1 X UA m m will be the next J’jtsdujl jcilil \ nl big su uh Jm ioi M, eAith n Ye nee 1 i st mm like bun to keej) thm/fe fiom omg hiswiic n the liffiiult post w u
Ahaih
(iWk‘tte* Y hiU n d the < thus koked slightlj boicd
Fdwth Wa^ Loan Drive Begins Today
iIm
BEAR IT
By Lichty
Today the Fourth War Loan Drive begins, and with it the beginning of the last year of Hitlei’s leign of ten 01 Japan’s Sun must also begin to set this yeai But the cost in men and materials in this all-important year will be higher than any of the last two years All this Y ill cost money, lots of money Though the goal is set at fourteen billion, the government would still like to see this quota passed as was the Third Drive, when seventeen billion was subscribed From Januaiy 18 thiough Febiuaiy 15, the drive will be in progress All of the bonds and stamps purchased in January and February will count on the drive, not just those of the above date The past year the United States has produced 85,000 planes, 60,000 aitilleiy weapons, 7,000,000 small arms, 34,000 tanks, and spent moie money than the public debt was befoie the war staited To help pay for this, moie and more bonds must be sold Every little stamp helps to decrease this debt and helps to shorten the war and make for a sounder government after the peace has been declared There is no need to say that the Univeisity through its faculty and students must give all that it can and that extra all is going to mean the difference in the final stretch What must be impressed upon all is that careless indifTeience to the obligation that is your bidding will be a direct pat on the back foi what lemains of the Axis Many good Americans will say that the little they can give toward victory will not help win the war, but, unfortunately, this very same attitude concerning the smallness of your pait is adopted by too many people Then the smallness grows into gigantic figures A very definite effort is going to be made to canvass all Univeisity personnel within the next month to ask them to contiibufe, but the students will have to take it mainly upon them selves to put in then shaie of ‘ wm-the-wai money” To make it possible for all to have the opportunity to contiibute, certain faculty women will be stationed in the We^t Lafayette post office to sell wai stamps and take up registi ation 1 equests for war bonds Of the foul teen billion dollais, the nation’s quota, thiee billion will be fiom ‘E” bonds, bonds purchased by individuals That is whei e the students can help Tuesday thiough Fri day, members of the Student Union sell stamps and bonds in front of the Sweet Shop m the Union Thus far they have not been leiy successful in then sale of bonds and ='tamps Dui ing the next thi ee weeks, if every student, seivice men and civilian alike would buy these stamps, they can help the county make its ouota and help to hasten the day ot \ ictor> Accoidmg to a high military authority, ovei 500,000 Ameiican casualties aie expected in the next three months The soonei all of us pitch in and help to finance this war, the fewei casualties there will be Every opportunity has now been piovided for you of this Univeisity to put in your “two bits woith” against the Axis The final task of buying them is up to you, so do your best to get to the post office 01 any one ot the nearest bond Ol stamp buying booths in the city within the next month and buy to the hilt of your victory sword
kii l&oking ftnuinil
Something has slipped in the supposedly settled boundai^y disputes between Russia and Poland, and it is feared that tbis IS-not the end of such disputes Russia has remained comifaratively quiet whilb the rest of the world went about deciding where the Russoi-Polish boundary would be fixed The otlter day, however, Poland’s govern- ' .' ' 1 ment in exile popped the sup- thioes of its gieatest wai, and the posedly settled question killing of fellow men is being
pleached by the leadeis of the Van-
When the question had been Q^g -vjiaiimg nations, there is still a put before the Russian officials httle humanity left m the woild in Moscow, they smiled in that Ihis has been shown by the atti typical Russian fashion and said ^ude of the American Red Cross ih they weie not satisfied with the sending all necessary supplies to plans made by the Polish govern- earthquake destroyed city of hient and the lest of the world Juan, Aigentma Under the They flatly came out against all the doctiine an unfiiendly powei Polish ideas and said that Russia would get nothing but well wishes would be best satisfied if it saw a ^ bigger and better earthquake
new Polish goveinment
But the Red Cross without think
c. -D 1. . J. mg of tfte diplomatic state of afbince Russia has come out against „ , , 7, tt ^ j j „ ,_Z J. fans between the United States and
Russia went to the aid of San Juan
“So pop’s been made a sergeant‘s—he bust have had some spunk and knew some woids we didn’ tknow anything about, eh. Mom “S”
the piesent Polish goveinment theie IS nothing left to do but get a new one This one will natuially have to be to Russian liking if there IS evei to be an answer to the east ein European boundary problems Where the lub conies m is whether a goveinment with Russian appiov al IS going to be congenial to the
Anglo Saxon governments
The answer to this question is liable to mean the diffeience be tween woild peace foi a few years Ol possibly over a half a centuiy of peace Russia it is almost cei
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Bell Aircraft Corp , Buffalo N Y —Friday Jan 21 Interested m M E AeE C E Sign m Person nel Office by 3 p m Thursday, Jan 20 U S Coast Guard Academy, New
2 30 PM 6 15 PM 6 30 PM 6 30 PM 7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
7 00 P M 7 16 P M 7 30 P M 8 00 P M
3 00 P M 6 15 PM 7 15PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
7 OOP M 7 30 P M
7 aOPM 9 00 P M
Tuesday, January 18
Newcomers Guest Tea East Faculty Lge Union Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting Room 261 Union Alpha Kapp i Lambda Meeting Room 212, Union Kappa Delta Rho Meeting Room 366 Union LectuiebvDi C H Robeitson Lect Room , Physics Bldg Intel Viisity Christian Fellowship Towei Union Puidue Players Initiation Eliza Powlei Hall Pin due Aeionautics Coipoi ation Room 263 Union Glidei Club Meeting Room 365 Union Chi istian Science Meeting Room 363 Union
Wednesday, January 19
Maniage Couise Lectuie Room 101 Education Bldg Tau Beta Pi Meeting Room 212, Union Skull & Crescent Room 356 Union University Club Reception Memoiial Union
Thursday, January 20
Screen Renew
Wintei Couise Society Meeting Ceies Open Meeting All Womens Convocation
ASME Meeting
Friday, January 21 Seivice Show (Service men only) Basketball—Michigan Saturday, January 22 B isketball—Michigan
London Conn—Friday, Jan 21 In
tain will have further to say about teiested in all students Sign m the boundaries between its other Personnel Office by 4 p m Tuesday, neighbors and these fuithei say jan ig ing& will cause many a led face 111 Carbide and Carbon Chemicals London and Washington It might Coip New Yoik, N Y—Dhte of have been best if President Roose visit to be announced Sign in the velt and Piime Mihistei Churchill Personnel Office by Friday Jan 21 had made some definite agreements Interested m physicists, chemists, with Stalin at the Tehei an confer ch E Met E and allied technical
personnel
Hall of Music
Assembly Room Ag Hall Assembly Room Ag Hall Eliza Fowler Hall Room 129 EE Building
Hall of Music Fieldhouse
Fieldhouse
Dance
N & S B illrooms Union
but offeicd no comment to Geneial MacAi thin s chiet Congiessional booster Sensing the indiffeient leac tion the Michigan Senator didn t puisne his s lies
talk Bathtub Debate
Manulactuieis ot concictc bathtubs have come to town determined to wash then tubs icpulation clean IS a result of findings by WPB and the Public Health Sei\ ICC The m iniilactuicis uc up i i iims ovci i piclimi nuy finding of Public Health thit the lesistancc ol coiiciete tubs to bacleiiil giowth is midequvte Makers of the tubs oi^anized undci the Cast Stone Institute dcdiic th it somebody biought a thud rate concietc cistiig to Public Health which reported to Y PB that it was difficult to clean off the geiras But the 1 itesi models of conciete tubs aie ni ule of dense conciete with i suit ice like i slab oi miible The Biueau ol Siindaids is getting out specifications which Fedei il Housing Administiation is ready to ac cept In fact I ul W M icy b ithtub expeit loi Fed Cl il Housing siys I would use one ol these tubs in my own home As oon IS the sniiich has been w ished oft concietc s icputition such tubs m ly lelieve the teiiific deniind ioi c 1st non tubs
Job Of Listing Casualties
The Editoi su Undoubtedly the Thuisday edi lion of the Expo contained two of the strangest items yet punted m oui college papci I lefei to the cheating cditoi i il and the edi tonal like aiticle which supposedly gave us an objective analysis of the relative advantages of tiack ind field spoils uul aimy phjsicil ti un mg In leply to the cheiting edi tonal I should like to present in en tiiely different leison foi the Uni veisitys too pievalent dishonesty It IS my opinion th it cheating is the icsult ol the ittitudc of the instiuc tois In pnm iiv school students icmun in attend nice bee lusc thei must uul it IS to then idvantige to leccivc satisfactoiy mail s Iheie toie it might sometimes be justifi ible to letain eagle eyed teacheis— hut only in giade schools But we aie in college now They tell us tint Puidue is a fine lechni cal institution which wc attend thiough 0111 desiie toi knowledge Why then must oui instiuctois is Slime thit we uo heic loi muls lathei thin mfoniiation ' Honoi codes woil In it Ic ist five oi the colleges on the P icific coast th it I h ivp itlendcd oi ibout wl ich I h ive J ictual 1 nowledgc the students ue ilone in the loom when final ex uiis uc given Neithci pioctoisnoi instnictois ue piesent Students m ly le ive the loom sin gly Ol in gioups toi cokes and
smokes And in none of these (Stanfoid Cal UCLA use and Po mona) does the pioblem of dishon csty greatly bother the school When lull fledged confidence is given to stpdents I have seen that they pi ove themselves woithy of the tiust and I believe thit it could happen heie About that second cditonal— the leal question involved was this Does tiainmg m track and field spoits prepare^the average man as well physically as the aimy physical piogiam"' Now IS it f 111 to compaie a gioup of college athletes whose chiet qual ificntions aie then physical abili ties with a gioup of soldiers some of whom have finished then basic tiaming (leil aimy physical tiain mg) moic than i year before the test'' And the soldieis weie picked loi the ASTP piogiam because they were potential book woims hoi a leally unbiased test I ask that 60 names be picked at random fiom Puidue s students who weie deteiied tor othei than physical f lulls Ol who uc in the V 12 pio
Yesterday s newspapers earned a UP stoiy telling about the criticil pioblems that will be facing the Euiopean Catholics aftei this wai because of the influence of Soviet Russia upon the masses of Europe It is haid to see just whole the chuich is going to lose out in this supposed stiuggle foi it was not many years ago that Mussolini tiled to destroy the powei of the Citho lie Chuich in Italy and finally hid to bow to its hold upon the Italian people ruithoimoie the German people might be getting fed up on Hitler but they are not leadjly go mg to submit to the communist doc times foi the Citholic and Luther an chinches in Geimany have been one of the groups which Hitler has feued to touch If the chuich be it C itholic 01 iny othei bows to any such uincligioiis group as the communists oi t iscists it will be because they feel th it it is the best policy Even though the woild is in the
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they me inteiested in students foi employment Slick Glass Co Gas City Indi— Inteiested in M E and Ch E Sign 111 the Peisoiinel Office by Wednes day Jan 19 Kimberly ClarK Corp Neenah, Wis—Interested in draft exempt men ME C E Ch E chemists and physicists Women Business Ad ministration Home Economics and physicists Sign in Personnel Office by Friday J in 21 McQuay Noins Mfg Co Con neisville Ind—Inteiested in men and w omen chemists and physicists Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Jan 21 ,
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
giam Give these men 13 weeks of tiack and field spoits and com paie them with 50 who had just fin ished infantiy oi an corps basic tiaming Then you will find the value of track and field spoits as a steady diet Then you will see the stupid ify of youi oh so paitisan faiiy tale Very i^pectfully youig Pvt ROBERT WHEELER Co C ASTP
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
PLUS •
y. SOdERT DONAT ' M Tl mw — --"iiwiiie
514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
4 MONTH INTENSIVE
Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES A thorough intensive secretarial
starting february July
course -
October Registration now open
★
Regular day and evening school throughout the year Catalog ^ A SCHOOL OF BUSINFSS PRSFCKRBD BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN
THE GREGG COLLEGE
Pres dent John Robert Gregg S C D 6 rector Paul M Poir M A
6 H Michigan Ave feuptione STAte 1881 Chicago, It*
Most tl it,ic job in Washington i& that ot Blanche Belhcni who sits all d ly at a desk in the Wai Depait ment maiking casuiltj messagcb ind bOiting them into tom ] les It IS hei iintoitun itc t isk to uiideibcoie one woid in c ich mess lge— killed’ wounded piisonei' misbing J hei she piepaies long lists foi lelease t) the pi ess The piles of messages on hei desk fluctu iti w th the piogicss of the war Just iftei the land II g it Saltino the piles wcic noticcibly highci ind hei led pencil w nki I ovei time Ditfcient aic is speci ilize in diifeieht types of cas u lilies Messages fiom the Eighth An Eoice in Ehg Ian 1 aic m )stl\ missing The flyei just didn t get I ack to base uul nobody knows what happened to him (Copviight 1911 I y United Ecatuie Syndicate, Int)
INVITING BALLROOM
We offer you one of the Finest Ballrooms in Indiana to hold your parties Acoommodate 300 couples An exceptional dance floor
LEARN TO DANCE
NEW CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS Wed Feb 9Mi 7 30 P M ADVANCED Thurs Feb lOtb 7 30 P M
ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING
6th and FERRY STS , LAFAYETTE
TODAY and TOMORROW
Red's whistling again in
his newest and funniest film! Pucker up — |oin Ihe fun’
THEBRMVN DODGERS ^
\M»I£ TODAY and TOMORROW
'FLESH and FANTASY” la ng rt /he order of the appoa once ROBERT BENCHLEY BETTV FIELD ROBERT CUMMINGS W EDGAR BARRIER EDWARD G, ROBINSON W THOMAS MITCHEU C AUBREY SMITH ANNA LEE DAME MAY WHITTV CHARLES Boyer BARBARA STANWYCK w k CHARLES WINNINGER P oduced by CHARLES BOYER and JUllEN DUVIVIER D roclad by JUUEN DUVIVIER i
^4
r
V li
* '
V f
k ti
li■ ¥ 'ir^i
ft K a % i. ft %
January 18, 1944
/ft
Jhii$hn6leer ^brh
Page B
«rs,
" ' rt
Matmen Win 3rd Meet;
" ’ /i ‘ r
Sown Wheaton 24 To 6 ‘ In! conquering their third straight victim of the campaign, Ooacfr Eeeck’s undefeated matmen stifled Wheaton College by ^ 24 to 6 count. Wheatofl, however, threw at scarei into the Eivetffits byt winning'the’first two matches, but the Bbilermakers started marehiHg in. the 136-pound' bout and outclassed the Wheaton squad the rest of the afternoon. The Boilermakers cbiij^iled their scere on three
decisions,.,two pins, and. a forfeit. Shepard won the 165pduhd class and Humphreville took the heavyweight match
by, pinning their opponents. ' .'Coach Reeck is much
i l^iveter SwimnieK Enfer Fifsl Bii Teii
im-
jaessed by the agreasiv^ness and of the squad. They are im,^>roVih|p withi every meet andi are jbenefitting by their past mistakes. EtflE believes' the conference wr^stH*ig championship is a toss-up between the Boilermakers and Michigan. The Boilermakers are very strong in the middleweight divisions while Michigan has its power in the heavier weighte. A pending meet with Michigan is scheduled for Jan\m^_^th. If the Riveters can win at Michigan they will be the favox'ites to win the conference. Ohio State Next Contender Other coming meets are with Ohio State, there, on February 6; Northwesteim, there, on Febx'uary 12, and the conference meet at Northwestern on Pebruai'y 19. ' Running score of the Wheaton meet: 121 lb. class—Bi’ooks, Wheaton, defeated Liang; Purdue, 8-4. 128 lb. class—Fi’aser, Wheaton, defeated Stengle, PUrdue, 11-10. 136 lb. class—^Aerne, Purdue, defeated Mathews, Wheaton, 8-0. 146 lb. class—Nettesheim, Pui’due, won by forfeit over Hall, Wheaton. 165 lb. class—Copple, Pui’due, defeated Taylor, Wheaton, 16-4. 166 lb. class—Shepai’d, Pui'due, won by fall over Dingffeld, Wheaton, in 2:15. < 176 lb. class—Hersch, Purdue, defeated Cui'tis, Wheaton, 14-1. Heavyweight class — Humphreville, Purdue, won by fall over Davis, Wheaton, in 4:10.
Wo^i^ihes htvacle Rivefer FiMoiise lit ^eeiieml Games Michigan’s Wolverines, capable and frequently upsetting, will invade the Riveter court for the twin bill next Friday and Saturday evenings. Although they have lost three of their four conference games this season, the ones they have lost were to some of the better teams in
the league.
Their first encountei’, with the highly lauded Northwestern five, was lost by only 10 points. They then came back to beat Illinois by a sooi'e of 52 to 46. Last week end they dropped both of their tilts with Wisconsin by scores of 42^ to 31 and 60 to 41. The Badgers also lost to Northwestern by a score of 60-38. Although the experts favor the Riveters to win, the sensational Tommy King will be on hand to give the Boilermaker netmen tixmble. Having thus far averaged 14 points a game for himself he will be seeking to raise his second place status in Big Ten scoring columns. A transfer from Michigan State, the 150 pound sophomore made his best show this peason against Noi'thwestei'ii, dropping in 24 points. He will be seeking to help the Wolverines try to upset the Boilermakers out of their fii’st place perch. Wrestling Schedule Jan, 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb. 8—DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at North-
western.
EVERYBODY NEEDS A , WHOLESOME BREAKFAST IN ORDER TO START THE DAY OUT RIGHT. . THE UNION CAFETERIA SERVES YOU AN EXCELLENT CHOICE OF BREAKFASTS. ' DELICIOUS ECONOMICAL ^ NUTRITIOUS —^— JhjL fijU/uiwL Wjme^ikiL lAniotL I } ‘ The Corner of the Catppus— Yet the Center of Activities
Now at full strength, the Riveter tankmen will enter their first intercollegiate competition nexit Saturday! The tri-college Big Tdn meet to be held at the Northwestern fieldr house-pool) will find the Boilermakers matched agaihst the swimmers of Northwestern and Wisconsin. Close Meet Expected i According to Coach Dick Papenguth the meet should be close. Nenthwestemi boasts five returning lettermen, several transfer students and a pair of outstanding freshmen. Gunderson, a freshman V12er at Northwestei'n* took the Illinois high school diving championships Ihst year. Graham Davis, another freshman, was the 100 yard prep freestyle champion last year. Trimple, a senior, is one of the best divers in the conference, and may help the Wildcat cause. The Boilermaker backstrokers may have trouble with Tribble of Northwestern, a native of Hawaii. Schmaltz and McCaskill, both lettermen, are strong freestylers. In the longer freestyle races the Wildcats have Bob Moysey, another lettei’man, and Oi’rin Neff, a sophomore transfer fi’om Minnesota. Wisconsin Has Latent Power Wisconsin, though not boasting an exceptional team, has^much outstanding talent. Middlemas, a brilliant freestyler, took the 100 yard, 200 yai’d and 440 yai'd dashes in the meet with! Minnesota, which, incidentally, Minnesota won. Resell and Mack swim the 50 yai-d dashes in excellent time. In the backstroke the Badgers have Gandsey and Jenkins. Added to this is their star diver. Sweet. Papenguth will use Salmon, Leach and Poi’ter in the sprints. Supporting them will be Gorby and Cumming. The breaststrokei’s, now showing well, will be McMullen and Barnai’d. Out of the maze of excellent backstrokers, the swimming mentor picked Woolvei’ton and Huntington. In the longer distance swims Hansel and Brogan will repI'esent the Boilermakers. Bower will again show his skill off the board. From the reported times that Wisconsin is making Papenguth judged that they will not provide much trouble, “but,” he added, “when they have a swimmer that can take three classes in one meet anything can be expected.” NoiThwestern is expected to offer tougher competition with their ari’ay of tal-
ent.
Papenguth HUpes for Medley Win The Boilermaker coach looks for a good showing and hopes for a win in the 400 medley. The 100 yard, 200 yard and quarter mile swims ai'e also expected to be done in good time. c -Tlry An Ei^poAenUClaagifiedr.
Grandstand Echoes By Russ Lipes WE DIDN’T LIKE IT EITHER . Yese, we’ll'agree that Saturday night’s basketball game was certainly nothing to write home about, but you can’t say that the Boilermakers didn’t try to make a game out of it, even if the Gophers wouldn’t “give battle”. We’ll also agree that the officiating was pretty bad for a egnference game, but we don’t think it was as bad as many people said it was. That game was just a downright poor sporting exhibition, and, although the officials could have improved in their mediation, the game was so poorly played that it made them look much worse than they actually Were. Enough griping for now. In answer to, many questions. We don’t knoW if that “field-goal-less” second half establiahea anjt kind of a record' Or not. Chicago would be the most likely team to have been shut-out in such a manner. Helping to make Pp for last week end, we ai<e predicting that the pair of' games with Michigan this coming week end will be the best home games of the seas6n.
Riveter rive Swamps Mriinesota te^ni 43-t7; ’ ft-' Haag Scores 16 Points By Rusa Lipes, Exponent Sports Editor Hampered by tliie loss of three of their first line players ^le to navy restrictions, Minnesota’s basketball squad was trampled by the Boilermakers, 43 to 17,.Saturday night in the Fieldhouse, As a result of this, theii* fourth, straight conference win, the Boilermakers moved into an undisputed lead in the current Big Ten championship race. The Gophors had previously
VALPARAISO UP&ETHDEPA-UL Although the majority of the top-notch basketball squads in the middle west came through the week end in good shape, Valparaiso University knocked off DfePaul in what will probably be the “upset of the season”. Victorious in 13 straight games, DePaul was- regardted as the best team in the nation, but even the best can be defeated. Claiming to have the tallest basketball squad in the country, with two giants measuring 6 feet, 9 inches and 6 feet, 10 inches, respectively, the Valparaiso outfit was able to bottle DePaul’s star, George Mikan, and win 65 to 57. Less than two shoi’t weeks remain until the Boilermakers face this highly acclaimed team in the Chicago Stadium.
GOOD WORK, COACH REECK We can’t say enough words of praise for Claude Reeek and his wi'estling squad. Working with a group of men entirely new to him and very few of whom had any too much experience. Coach Reeck has turned up with a team that has won three consecutive contests, none of them a pushover, and we believe that he will go oh through the season with the same kind of a I'ecoi'd that he has made so far. Because we heard so many questions among the spectators at the meets about the “whys and wherefores” of collegiate wrestling, we are going to give A resume of the i-ules some time this week in this column.
dropped a 51 to 38 decision to the Riveters on Friday night. Featuring a second half that saw the Gophers' failing to score a single field goal, although they did cash in on seven free throws, the Riveters had no trouble vanquishing the invaders and played the greater part of
With the Big Ten basketball con- that period with their starting lineference ready to swing into its third up watching from the bench. A week the teams have already been total of 17 players were used by the
sepal ated into thx*ee distinct classes. Rivetex’s in the win
Four teams have an unblemished record and will probably be in the fight for the conference lead to the
Binlermakers Head BisTettHefSMnss
La
With Four Victories
SPUTTERINGS Bill DeCorrevontpfoimer Northwestexm grid star who is ticketed for post-war service with the Washington Redskins, is in a naval hospital suffering from a badly twisted knee, and ak a result may never wear a pro football unifox'm. . . . This coming week end will be the last time that the Riveters will be seen on their own floor until February 11 when they meet Wabash.
™ Schedules Cuhndar
Expecting the arx^al of a trio of V12ers to bolster their squad, the
, , , , ^ Gophers wex-e notified Saturday that
end, two teams have an average of .. t., u j n j n i , , ,, , ,, the Navy had cancelled all leaves at
.600 or better and should be able to give a fair showing of themselves, and then on the bottom of the heap are four teams who seem to be out
of the running. *
Boilermakers Top League The Boilermakers now head the standings by virtue of having won four games, while the Wildcats, Buckeyes and Hawkeyes have chalked up but thx'ee victox'ies. Over the week end the Riveters blanketed Minnesota two nights in a row. Minnesota showed a poor offense and
the university. In addition, two men who played Friday night, Paul Sutton and Howie Peterson, had to return to Minneapolis to conform to the Navy’s 48-hour rule, and were not available for Saturday night. As a result Minnesota was left with
an eight-man squad for the game. * Four Out of 57 for Gophers A checkup on the statistics of the
game reveals that the Boilermakers tallied on 20 out of 61 field goal at-
same
defense which showed particularly
in Saturday night’s game when they (^“Phex’s were successful on hut four
Army Basketball Schedule Wednesday, January 19
Court 1—6:45, B2 vs. D4; 7:00, A2 vs. B7; 7:55, A3 vs. C3; 8:10,
A4 vs. C4.
Coui't 2—6:45, C6 vs. E2; 7:00, A5 vs. C6; 7:55, A6 vs. C7; 8:10, E4 vs. Dl. Court 3—6:45, A7 vs. G2; 7:00, E5 vs. E7; 7:55,‘BS vs. Bl; 8:10,
E8 vs. B6,
Court 4—6:45, B4 vs. G4; 7:00, P2 vs. G6; 7:56, B5 vs. G6. Big Ten Stanilings
W. L. Pet. 4 0 lOOO
0 i.ooo 0 1.000 0 1.000 2 .600
Pux'due
Northwestern Ohio State
Iowa
Wisconsin Illinois Michigan Indiana Chicago Minnesota
.500 .260 .000 .000 .000
Buy War Boiids
Intramural Basketball—January 19, February 26. Interclass Basketball—Mai'ch 6,
March 17.
Bowling Toux'nament — Begins
January 8.
Splash Party—To be announced. Ward Party—To be announced. Modern Dance Progx’am—To be
announced.
Fencing, Badminton, Shuffleboard and Ping Pong—Mar. 15 to Apx’il 15. Primaries—April 3, 4 p. m. Election of Officers—April 7, 9 a.
m. to 5 p. m.
Election of Council—April 10. Winter Banquet—April 18. Swimming. Sefiecktie Jan. 22—Purdue, Wisconsin, at Northwestern. Jan. 29—Pux’due at Michigan. Feb. 5—Northwestern here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 19—Conference meet at Northwestern. TRY AN EXPONENT classified
seemed content to freeze the ball instead 6f putting up a fight in an attempt to win. The Boilermaker attack was sensational at times; however lapses wex'e quite evident, which will have to be ironed out if they are to finish the season with an undefeated recoi’d. Northwestern, Ohio Win Northwestern maintained its pex'-
out of 57 attempts, all scox-ed in the first half. Free throws made stood at three out of 11 for the Riveters and nine out of 17 for the Gophers. Possibly it was this lack of acculacy that caused the game to be the rout that it was for the visitors, although the changed defensive tactics of the Boilermakers seemed to completely upset the Gophers’ at-
tack.
Don’t be put on •«v the Spot—
Parts for All Needs! PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
feet record by coasting to an easy
victory over Chicago’s hapless cag- Haag High Scorer
ers, 77-20. Ohio State hammered Charlie Haag was the high point Indiana’s youthful quintet for two ^he evening, scoring 16 decisive wins, 72-46, 76-38. Iowa Points in about 25 minutes of play, had no conference game but kept Fa^nl Hoffman was second wiljh eight in practice by winning an outside points. The summary: game. Purdue (43) FG FT PF TP
In the middle class of those who I*- Hoffman, f 4
still have an even chance are Wis- Frazier, f 0 consin and Illinois. The Badgexs Gustafson, f 0, rang up two victories over Michigan Horn, f 2 in spite of the great work performed Sokol, f 0 by Tom King of the Wolverines. Kennedy, f . . 0 Illinois this week end took their Vacanti, f _ 1 turn in defeating Chicago, winning Lodge, c . .1 26-32. MePhex'son, c 0
At the bottom of the list are Chaixolla, g 0
Michigan, with but one win, and Haag, g 8 Indiana, Chicago and Minnesota, Schweizer, g . 0 who have been blanked in all at- Taylor, g . 0 tempts. It seems hardly possible Fx-iend, g 2 that any team with such a record Walley, g 2 can come up to the head of the Elliott, g . 0 standings. Kreighbaum, g . 0
Valparaiso pulled the sux’prise up- 20 set of the week by defeating the Minnesota (17) undefeated Blue Demons of DePaul. Kelly, f . Previous to last Saturday DePaul, Muske, f whom the Riveters will meet at the Lehrman, f end of January, had scored 13 con- Snydex-, c
secutive victoiies on the hardwood
coui’ts.
2 1 0 1 0 3 0 1 2 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1
IS
8 0 0
4
1 G 2 2 0 0
16
0 2 4
4
0 0
43
FG FT PF TP 0 0 2 0
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Baglien, c Gexaghty, g Pepper, g DeLapp, g
2 5 3 1 2 2 2
17
Enjoy Your Spare Mome/its! Join the Book-of-the-Month Club « University Book Store Across from the Onion Bldy. ^A
Ifl
M-l1'‘s^ ' -f'
i
r
J-W
'lii '
ytfi" m~jm V. ,;■ '>4i,' »*• i-*"
Mapme' New^
MktMlli
"^V
For Service Men^ By Service Men
Tuesday, January 18, 19^4
' S’- ^ ^ _ AST Bowling Tourney To End Competition Friday Night
AST Patter
By T/6 Morris Better
FEMLINS
In the past weeks certain myth-like stories have cii’culated about a Rviiesome twosome with supernatural powers. It is alleged that they navigate on a broomstick and, like all good witches, get around in high
( '■ Army Releases AST Information
Army Service Forces of the Fifth Service Command with
With competition for most titles still wide open, the ASTP bowling league tournament is now well within its final round. Six of the teams have already completed play, and all of the 20 other squads entered will finish their series in games to be bowled at the Union alleys tonight and Friday evening. The Gutterballs of Company B have an 80 point lead over their nearest rivals for total
team score, a strong handicap with a 244, but dose behind are at this stage of the tourney, G, 241; Van Sweeden of C,
231; Stachurski of C, 230; Hull of
Promotion Rumors Provide For 275,000 Army Advancements
places. These harridans, as they are called, do a’lot of secret snooping headquarters at Fort HayeS; Columbus, Ohio, have recently and can, when the spirit wills, finagle things around to taste. Therefore, released new information pertaining to the Army Specialised and inasmuch as the supply sergeant refuses to salvage my no-longer- Training Program. Several of the highlights are included in reliable ouno board, rve been trying my darnedest to locate this Brenda . ■« , , »
and Cobina of the Netherworld. . . the following paragraphs.
Aitho these sister witches are reputed to operate out of the Golgotha Nearly 2,000 enlisted men have been graduated fromythe
that is the Exponent office, they’ve been very difficult to find—during office ASTP and have been assigned hours, at least. This weekend, however, the elusive witches paid an un- to a wide variety of responsible
expected call. Their purpose was mercenary but they were, nonetheless, welcome. As a result of the call, we were able to strike up a bargain. They have a sweet tooth amongst their few remaining bones and they’d
Some further information on the heard that candy bars were available at the ship’s store, but every time Slgnod graduates constitutes neers OCS,
duties in nearly, all the arms and services. This total of as-
A number of graduates have been selected for officer candidate schools, among them the Transportation Corps OCS and the Corps of Engi-
and Cpl. David Woodbum’s ^ Woodburn and Gregory of 275,000 infantry promotions ^which they went over there, the'place was closed. In the heat of the moment, more than two-thirds the num- The ASTP is not to be regaled,
game average of 209 should 224, and o^bnik and Essenpr:
also be difficult to beat, but both of A, 223.
have been rumored, via the Camp I promised to keep them supplied with candy bars if they would keep me ber of soldiers who entered the in- however, as a sure road to a (»mWolters Longhorn, has been re- up to the moment on the latest rumors, confirmed and otherwise, direct augural term of ASTP April 12, mission, since ASTP graduated must
these are the only categories in which the season cumulative scores are the determining factors. In
every other bracket the game, set pf three, or team scoie for a set of three, any team—or, for that matter, any player—can still come through. Prizes Set Prizes have been set as either medals or cash. Three prizes will be given in every category except team high series, where a single award of n^edals will be made. An imposing feature of play to date has been the number of impressive individual scores. Fully
In high set of three scores Woodburn has rolled up a strong lead with the four highest scores registered to date—639, 634, 624 and 613. Stachurski of C is second with a 607, and t^-ailing them are Hull of B, 596; Essenpries of A, 594; Prance of F, 574, and Perkins of D, 568. B5 Tops List In the team high series scores for the 16 games bowled in an evening by all the members of a team B5 tops the list with a 2466, followed by Co. A’s 4 and 1 team with 2464, G’s ROTC4 with 2389 and C’s Yardbirds with 2375. The Company B Gutterballs’ 9350
ceived.
The changes, providing for one grade advance for men previously m grades from private to staff sergeant, were ordered by the War Department on the basis of “haz-
ards and responsibilities shouldered bending your ear
from headquarters.
Moie than that. Expecting to be exceedingly busy next week (a) flunking the Aimy exams and (b) packing the helmet liner in the bai'racks bag so that it won’t crack, the “lovely” girls have agreed to fill up the Patter space with harridan-patter of interest to GIs. Be around then, when they pull up in their streamlined, jet-propelled broomstick and Start
1943. The flow of graduates will in- compete with all other enlisted men crease greatly in the coming months selection to fill the limitedkquo-
as courses are completed. By Spring tas in the OCS.
28 games above 200 have been reg- leads the 4 and 1 team 9370, A5’s
istered. Hella of Co. B tops the list
Notices
9147, B5’s 9117, C Yardbirds’ 9096 and the F Barnyard Bums at 9089.
Skull and Crescent: An important meeting? will be held in room 355 of the Union at 7;^ p. m. on Wednesday, Jan. 19. The possibilities of pled^msT will be discussed. It is imperative that each member attend since this toeetin^ will determine whether the ^'Cotillion" will be held Be on time. —KLEIN
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamondfe, watches, Kuns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Tan Beta Pi: Theie will be a compulboiy
meetahg Wednesday, Jan 19, at 7 :15 p m
in room 212 of the Un.on for the election graph woik done. C
of new members. There will be a fine of fifty* cents levied against each member who is absent without a written excuse from the
corresponding secretary oi myself
—EVANS
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes old, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeo-
P Ebershoff, 606 Mam. Lafayette. Phone 2779.
by the infantry in combat,” according to the official statement on the
change.
Applies to Positions
Applying to positions rather than to individuals, the order’s largest effect, numerically, was with regard to privates. In certain types of
units the privates have
PFCs.
In addition most assistant squad leaders were laised from corporal to sergeant; section leaders from sergeant to staff sergeant, and platoon sergeants from staff sergeant
to technical sergeant.
Units in which the piomotions were ordered included infantry rifle, heavy weapor^^, anti-tank, cannon and battalion headquarters and headquarters companies, and their counterparts in armored infantry, mountain infantry, glider infantry
and 1 angers.
CAMPS AND CAMPUSES Occupational hazard: Gypsy Rose Lee’s camp tour came to a most untimely termination at Ft. Bragg when she entered the post hospital there
with the flu.
Democracy in Action: The editorial request of the camp newspaper at Ladd Field, Alaska, that an enlisted men’s council be established to have a voice in matters affecting the welfare of enlisted personnel at that stabecome tion has been received favorably by commanding officials thejeFirsts: At Selfridge JPield, Lt. Col. B. O. Davis, Jr., became the first Negro officer to head an Air Force combat unit when he took command of a fighter group there. And the first Negro parachute troop to be activated in the U. S. Army will soon undergo training at Ft. Benning’s ’Chute
School.
A club at the University of Ohio has been organized by and exists for
of 1944 the rate of graduates will
exceed 10,000* a month.
A survey of the disposition of a number of sample groups of graduates indicates the facility with which the ASTP has operated to
Although the trainees’ - ol^atfces for advancement are enhahepdi by successful completion of theit courses, vfith officer ti’aining,a, liossibility, the primary aim of Ishle/Drogram is to train soldiers. fdr,.itlie
meet the immediate needs of the performing in specialized fiplds where the Army has greatest pcfids. The ASTP having reached‘(the
Army.
For example:
Two hundred graduates have been assigned to air forces medical and psychological examining units. They have received ratings as lipe sergeants and they will pi’ocess aj^iation students who are screened for aptitudes and qualifications early,
in their'training.
More than 100 others were assigned to Army service forces.
the exclusive membership of women who have joined their husband- ,vhere they are conducting a classi-
ASTers on that campus.
the Sanitary Corps and are performing their duty in such a man-
peak of its trainee allotmeiit,', the size of future quotas of .entering classes will be determined by‘the outflow of graduates and losses,due to attrition. The number pf. soldiers generally eligible for consideration for the program is greatly in excess of the number o.f current openings. This situation is expected to continue indefinitely. Only soldiers with the highest qualifications can be selected for admission.
ODDS ’N’ ENDS
Liimi uuty 1.1 suuii a mail-
Marines in the Pacific Isles have discovered a unique and useful way iier that the surgeon general’s office r / / 3lt ^101713 of disposing of old razor blades. They stick them in trees to contribute is increasing nearly fourfold its reto the discomfort of Japs when they climb to their sniping peiches. . . . quests for ASTP graduates in the
The V-12 maiines at Poo-doo get snappy publicity in January Leatherneck corps.
by way of six-page picture essay.... Lopsided Star Award: to Lt. Weiner* Assignments to the Corps of En-
... pledges will be the first to carry the new shingle. The old red-and blue Carnot cycle will be replaced
Lost—Slide lule and black note book Name on slide rule case. Reward Call Pfc.
William Reckman 31792
Gimlets, Gold Peppers, Reamers: Joint meetinB of all three organiyations will be held at 7*45 p. m Tuesday, Jan 18. in room 355 of the Union Compulsoiy attendance for all members -WEDGE BUTSCH, LINDSKOOG
Lost—Blue maible striped, Parker lifetime fountain pen. Call 8413 Room loo
Fraternity Affairs To Hold Callouts At 4 P. M. Today
for the interesting way he has kept his students informed about their
gineers have included civil engi
.iby
G. E. 11, G. E. 12 and DN-1: Condition make-up examination w’lll bt. held Saturday, January 22, at 1 p. m m room 301 of Michael Golden Shops. Bring complete drawing equipment but no text book Civilan students make arrangements with Registrai for tee deposit —OWEN
Lost—Log-log dcciti ig slide rule and them engineering book—312 icwaid Ed Del Rio Phone 46784 i51 State Stieet
Lost on Campus—Blown Shaeffei lifetime fountain pen with name emgraved Rewaui. Phone 8113 Wanda Kopnei
Reamers: Compulsory meeting foi all members will be held Tuesday Jan 18, at 7:1') p m. in the Union Meet on second floor balcony over Great Hall Wear business clothes LINDSKOOG
Lost—Pair black, lined, leathei gloves Size 9^/j, between Ficldhouse and Union Saturday night after game Reward Richard Johnson, V-12, Room 311, S E Cary
Fiaternity Affairs Office will hold a callout today for freshmen and sophomoie woikeis at 4 p. m. in the office, room 328 of the Union Building. This callout IS for all fiaternity men on campus, either actives or pledges. Seivice men aie also eligible.
rights ’ in the Army. His class in militaiy law could easily be as dull as neers, chemists, chemical engineers, its title but he has easily managed to keep the dogfaces awake and mechanical engineers and archiinterested all term long. . . The AST will abandon the Union building tects. Several hundred gra*luates as a home when Co. E disbands at the end of this teini. ... A group of in medicine have been appointed irf Co. G-ers leave soon for Armored OCS. . . . There are 1,114 geneials in the appropriate corps of the medi-
our Aimy and their aveiage age is 51. . . . What’s cooking: on Frinite, SR members have choice of a basketball game with Michigan supplying the opposition and a Bob Hope movie with a military background—-“Let’s Face It.” ... On Saturnite, Michigan will try to win again and mixer dancing at Union will follow the game. . . . Military success formula:
shoot the bull, pass the buck, and make seven carbon copies of everything that military secunty forbids de--^Also (I’m told) keep off the grass! scription of them. ,
replica of the Pi Tau Sigma key. They will still wear,the traditional tram engineer’s cap' and
gloves.
cal depaitment.
Many ASTP soldiers are being given lesponsible overseas assignments. Some have leccived assignments of such strategic importance
Dr. HelmutJKol^nkG
... of the department of agronomy will address the open meeting of Sigma Xi on the subject “Soil, Water and Philosophy” in the auditorium of the Physics Building this Monday evening at 7:30 p. lyi.
Lost—Ruby iinjr, bclonpinp: to my mother, in ‘-outh women’s lountre. Union, Sunday Keepsake Rewaid DeKay. 2054
Try An Exponent Classified!
Kappa Delta Rho: Meetinp: in room 3')o today, Jan. 18 at usual time -JOHNSON
Pi Tau Sifirma* First pledjje moetnij? w'lll be at 4 p. m Wednesedav, Jan 19, m Pi Tau room instead of 7*15 p m Tuesday as previously announced PRESIDENT
Al! Women Students: Don’t foipet the convocation foi Commander Stratton, Thursday, Jan 20, 7:30 p m in Eliza Fowlei Hall. Her topic will be “Today’s Women Tomorrow” ~ AlcCULLOCH
PIA Board Meetini»: Thuisday Jan 20 at 7:30 p. m. in the PIA room in Union All old board members are urged to attend The different chairmen w^ill be chosen —HENDERSON
ASME, AIEE, ASCE, lAeS: The combined engineering branch organizations will sponsor an important meeting on Thursday, Jan 20, at 7:30 p m in room 129 of Elcctncal Engineering building A sound movie about the U. S. Army Ordnance-Industrial Ridesign Program will be explained by Gooige E. Whitlock, who sponsored the n. The public is invited —DAVIDON
Town Girls: There will be a meeting todayi Jan 18, at 4 p m in room 3b3 oj tut Union. — DOUGLAS
Alpha Phi Omega: A business meeting on Wednesday evening at 8 in room 261 of the Union WINKLER
Phi Kappa Sigma: Call Georgi Baughmapat 8444, conceining plans tor banquet
Saturday. Jan 22
CARLSON
Class Riflery: Touinament on Wednesday Jan. 19, List of team members-schedule foi shooUng lb posted in gym See Exponent aitipjealbo. ALLEN
Religious Council. We meet today, Jan 18, at rtoon for lunch at the Hillel F'oundation Brotherhood committee chairmen will discuss their activities NORULINGFIR
0£lfeai EG. 8-OZ.
$isizE
PLUS TAX
REG. $2 FULL-PINT SIZE-$1 plus tax
• Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth in spite oi chapping winds and harsh weather. Use as a luxurious body rub ... a flattering powder base. Buy mw—save half!
c£azli&
Picture of a man Wasting Electricity
Plan to Attend:
U)sidJlsij^-J(UhL
Hear Outstanding Speakers Discuss Topics of Current Interest
Jan. 18—Dr. Haridas Muzuindar, “The .Shape of Things to Come”
Fell. 8—Dr. Harry 4. Overstreet, “Adjusting Our Li\e8 lor the Peace to Come”
March 14—Dr. Kollo Walter Brown, “Do We Want What We’re Fighting For?”
April 11 — Dr. Walter Johnson, “Philosophers of American Dem<)eraey” April 25—Rahhi S. Felix Mendelsohn, “The Psychology of Jewish Humor”
May 17—Dean Charles R. Brown, “44ie Present Demand for Moral Courage”
Seabon Ticketb $1.65 (taxiiicl.) SINGLE ADMISSION 55e WESLEY —8 P. M. —FOUNDATION
Obtain Tickets at: Hillel Foundation, 1 16 Sheet/. Phone 2284 Wesley Foundation. 435 Stale. Phone 6976
# The radio’s going and the lights are on, but nobody’s using them! It’s a room of waste—and waste won’t win wars! But I electricity hasn’t been rationed, you say. That’s right and there’s plenty of it , . . but for Nse, not for waste! When you help save electricity, you help save the manpower, fuel, transportation and materials by which electricity is made. You help shorten
the war. That is why our Government has asked seven major industries—coal, petroleum, transportation, gas, electricity, communications and water—to co-oper-ate for wartime conservation. And that is why you are asked to conserve electricity wherever you can. , Go on using electricity for essential
purposes.
, <, 9cf
The cost o
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC.
EL
ectricity
IS
at
ts lowest P
OI
nt
n history.
BUT
r
if