,:i. ■ ' f- ■"'• ’ >. ■" i ;■ ^ •''' '
. „ r.fdy; ' ■ ‘ S" ^
:
EDITORIAL Answers Queries On Union Cards
Established 1889
xpaneni w Four More Davs
.fv 4 #
ti. <i*> I
TERROR I
Of Cary Hall Southi !
Walks No More ' J
Volumo 56, No. 44
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, August fO, ISMff
kirai Youth To Convene Here In President Elliott To Confer Degrc Four-Day Conference To Discuss r\ t m r i ai ^ nn n
On Graduates Sunday At 2:30 P. Ml
Henry Roberts Will Induct Students
Their Role In Post-War Prograrn
Reed, Hoffman, Losey To Address
Representatives From 45 Counties Second Victory Varieties' Production Into University Alumni Association
One week hence, the annual Rural Youth Conference will cohVene on the campus. Over 150 farm youth will take part in the conference this year to discuss pressing farm problems.' These youth who represent from 40 to 46 counties throughout the state will remain from Tuesday through Friday, concluding their visit with a luncheon on Friday. They will be housed in the —
Union during their visit to the campus. While they are here, their time will be filled with a program of mixed recreation
and constructive talks.
The subject which this year’s group will discuss is the rural youth in post-war reconstruction. A number of eminent speakers will
Delights Capacity Music Hall Crowd
Seventeen Year Old
A-12 Enlistees
May Enroll in AST According to information fur-
„ , nished by AST Branch, Hdq. Fifth talk on this subject to the young gervice Command, University stupeople gathering here. Among them qualified in their A-12
are Dean H. J. Eeed, head of the
School of Agriculture at the Uni- the AST Reserve providing they are versity; Prof. L. E. Hoffman, assist- between) their 17th and 18th birth-
Plans have been completed for commencement exercises which will be held Sunday at 8:30 p. m. in the Hall of Mu^. President Elliott will personally confer degrees on 500 candidates, approximately 450 bachelor degrees and 50 advanced
Civilians, Service Men View Swift-Paced Show; Bell Dancers, de^ees , , , . -uu 1
Awards for outstanding student achievement will be made ' — Sunday, although they wete
not made at the April commencement program. W. ry Roberts, president of tl^e
Sisters, Skaters, Magician, "Mystery*M,C. Head Talent Array
By Sunny Swerdloff •
For the second consecutive time, the Music Hall was packed to capacity Saturday night when the second Victory Varieties show for service men and civilians was presented. A most appreciative audience sat for two hours in high spirits while they were entertained by the best performers that the “fourteen dollars” profits from the previous show could obtain. The crowd responded most enthusiastically to the charming and diversely talented Malone — ■— sisters. Their songs and play-
ant director of Agriculture Exten-
days. Their decision will not effect
Bion at _ the University; Hassil jbeir status as candidates for AST Schenck, president of the Farm Bu- ^ben they are eventually inducted. rfeUU in Indianapolis; Herbert Frei- students who enlist in the AST derich, president of the state organ- be gent to selected col-
ization. to which these youth belong, and Dr. Losey, on leave of absence from the Bureau of Agricultui’al Economics doing work here
at the University.
Special Interest Groups
leges at the govei'nment’s expense. Students who enlist in ERG (Enlisted Reserve Corps) and wish to continue their education at the University at their own expenses will be ordered to AD (Active Duty) be-
Besides these talks thei’e will be tween their 18th birthday and 6 special interest groups held by dif- months thereafter, but they may referent instructors of the University quest that the date on which they which will deal with special prob- are to be ordered to AD be extended lems according to their individual until they finish their current term interests. at the University.
History, Locations Give Names To Co-op Houses
By Sunny Swerdloff Shakespeare may have been right when he wrote, “a rose by any other name would smell as sweet”, but the fact remains that a name usually has a significant meaning. We doubt, however, if very many of us every stop to ponder over the wealth of information that a name conveys. There are 16 cooperatives on this campus, yet weTe sure that very few students who live in them or pass by them each day stop to consider the origin of their names. Cooperatives originated in Rochdale, England, in 1848. Twentyseven men and one woman, Ann Tweedale, began this novel type of business organization. It is for this pioneer woman that the “Ann Tweedale” house is named. Another house which has taken its title from this historical event is “Rochdale”, so designated as a tribute to the birthplace of this movement Began In America In Nova Scotia The cooperative spirit here in America became formulated in the little town of Antigonish in Nova Scotia. As the system proved successful it spread into other towns
Printers May Deliver Debris On Wednesday Distribution of the Debris Will take place Wednesday at 4 p. m., providing the yearbooks have returned from the printers. All seniors will be able to obtain their books Wednesday and Thursday any time between 4 and 6:30 p. m. Underclassmen will receive their books Friday and Saturday. Students should present receipts and passports in the DEBRIS workshop on the second floor of the Union ; here the receipts will be matched with the sales slips, which are arranged in alphabetical order. Students will then sign the slips and present them with the i-eceipts to the Debris office for the yearbook. Remaining payments on the book should be taken care of in the business office.
among which was the small village of Dover. These names have come down to us here at the University as the ai^pelations of “Antigonish” and “Dover”. “Novadale” is a conr traction of Nova Scotia, the original seat of American cooperation, and the English town of Rochdale. Some of the^ houses have been named for personalities. “Glenwood” is so called in honor of Glen McFadden, who helped organize the first co-op here on campus. Robert Owen was a dreamer who established a Utopian cooperative.. To commemorate his futile attempt, “Owen” house was so named. Other Co-ops Another house which bears the appelation of a distinguished individual IS “Shoemaker House” in honor of Dean Caroline Shoemaker. “Kneale’ ’is a tribute to Mrs. Kneale who lent the boys the necessary funds to establish a house. Westminster Foundation was the source from which “Westminster” house took its title. Another foundation that lent its cognomen to a co-op was Wesley Foundation. This, by the way, was the first co-op established, so the fellows called themselves the “Wesley Boys”. Another soui-ce of nomenclature has been the location of the particular domicile. “Marwood” is so called because originally it was situated on the corner of Wood ahd Marstellar streets. Chauncey street lent its title to “Chauncey House” and Salisbury did the same for its namesake. Other Representative Names Each of the two other houses have representative designations also. “Luna” house is named after the Luma electric light bulb company in Sweden, which was one of the first in that country. And last, but not least, there is “Circle Pines”, which IS symbolic of coopeiation since the sign of this type of organization is twin pines confined in a circle. Ad Staff Important meeting tomorrow night 4 p. m. at Exponent Office. —GAUNT.
Misunderslandings Complicate Issuance Of Ration Book III Misunderstandings of regulations is'complicating and delaying the issuance of thousands of War Ration Book Ill’s to Indiana residents, the Office (^f Price Administration mailing center disclosed today. Persons who tailed to make application in the designated period from June 1-10 or who made mistakes which cannot be corrected on their applications, are requested to apply at their local War Price and Rationing Board. In order to avoid delay persons should obtain their application forms for the books frop^' their local boards, fill them out, and leave them with the board, H. Burch Nunley, Mailing Center Director explained. The Mailing Center, depending on volunteer help, is compelled to mail any applications erroneously sent to the Mailing Center in Indianapolis back to the local boards or back to the individual. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: A special meeting of the Faculty will be held on Thursday, August 12, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fow-
ler Hall.
A fhll attendance is expected. —Edward C. Elliott, President.
ing were one of the highlights of the entire evening. Another team that was well received was the “Two Speeds”, trick roller skaters. They generously offered to take a few members of the audience for a ride. Two sailors and a marine answered the call. The civilians could not be outdone so a member of the weaker sex joined the boys. They were then taken for a whipl and swung round and round. When the swinging stopped the fellows found that they as yet did not have their sea legs. Grauman Most Spectacular The most extraordinary act of the evening was Saul Grauman and his Musical Stair-Tones. This was the act that A1 Stewart, the mystery master of ceremonies, said was “free”. After all the ohs and ahs, he explained himself. The act had been unengaged for that particular evening but it was not free as far as payment was concerned. However, it was something new to hear chimes played by the tapping toes of dancers upon a staircase. Another very amusing act was Prof. Slyter who demonstrated a night off of an inebriated magician. He has the very extraordinary and desirable ability of making glasses of liquor multiply. Planning For Another Since the varieties have proved so successful, plans are being considered for producing another one in September.
Folk-A-Whirlers Lead Gym Square Dance At 7:30 Tomorrow Servicemen, cadettes and coeds are invited to attend an old-fashion-ed square dance party which will be held tomorrow evening from 7:309. in the Women’s Gym. Johnny Mai'ks and his folk-a-whirlers will lead square dancing. There will be no admission charge and stags are welcome. These dances have been held for the past three weeks, and more square dancing is planned for the future. Debris Interviews August 10, 1943—Room 263 4:00—Anderson 4:10—Heckard 4:20—Homsher 4:30—Jacobs 4:40—Mayer 4:50—Schimmel 5:00—Graumlich 5:10—Gullstrom 5:20—Stout 5:30—Jaegley 6:30—Coit 6:50—Stinson 7:10—Funkhouser 7:30—Schneider 7:50—Baumer 8:10—Sguros 8:30—Rentsch 8:50—Richardson 9:10—Neese
Two New Training Programs To Offer Work For Women Two new training programs for women are now being offered by the Wright Aeronautical Corporation and the United States Cadet Nurse Corps, respectively. The Cadet Nurse Corps, which was only recently established, is an organization designed to train nurses for war work at government expense. The program offered profession while earning a salary'of $20 a month at first, and $30 a month later. The student will be provided with a nurse’s uniform for hospital duty and a service uniform
for street weai’.
Those who apply for the program must promise to make their services available to the nation for the duration of the war. The program offered by the Wright company is a combination of laboratory and classroom instruction in the fundamental theory of experimental engine testing. Those accepted will become employees of the company and will be
paid accordingly.
A requirement of two years of college and completion .of one course in college mathematics has been set for applicants. Anyone interested in either of these offers may obtain further information at the Placement Service for Women in the Executive Building.
Alumni Association, will i|(duct the graduates into tSo alumni organization.. Invoca^^i and benediction will be given by, Dr» Otto Scott Steele, pastor ©I tb« First M. E. Church in We4t Lafayette. f, 1 Navy Band To Play Music for the affair will be provided by the navy band and efiodr which are composed of navy training here, since regular ciVUi^ students will have started their va* cation at that time. -is Doors of the Music Hall will open at 1:30 p. m. for guests who admitted through the lower lobby doors only. There will be no hdltlk$sion through the Executive Building except for the graduating procession. No seats will be for the exercises. Directions For Procession Candidates for graduation are .to assemble in the Armory at l:40(Lp4 m. The processional from the Armory will begin at 2:05 p. m. Student will march two abreast albng '^e southeast side of the the door of the Student Health vice the procession will meet the faculty group and will proceed around the Hall. After the march around the Hall, the group will enter wa Hall of Music through the Execu-
tive Building.
In case of rain students may wedr rain coats. Tables will be provid^. in the band room of the of Music for disposition of the coai4.
Coeds Put Latest Food Theories To Practice
Cockney Accents In Indiana
Jamaicans Give Much Color/Glamor To Farmlands; Relieve Shortage
By Margaret Baynes
Lending color and glamor to Indiana’s farmlands are over 200 dark-
and; however, they are sifted over kitchen; here the socially-minded the country in groups of 20; of Jamaicans cleaned, polished, scrub-
20
skinned, English speaking, cockney o^e of the crew acts as cook, bed energetically then invited
accented natives from the little British owned island of Jamaica in the Carribbean Sea. The Jafnicans were legislated to America b^ Congi’ess to Work on the Emergency
This was their own suggestion since nearby Negro girls to attend-a Sat-
they preferred native cooking to urday night dance. American culinaiy efforts. To Supplement Farm Labor
Like To Have Pictures Taken Main idea behind the schemes is Next to horseback riding, which the supplementation of local labor;
By Margaret Young Coeds here at the University have a chance to put theory to practice in the new Foods and Nutrition 137 course—very appropriately named “Wartime Cookery”. ■ Coeds ai'e becoming more food conscious each day. Wartime food rationing and food shortages make it imperative that women know how to prepare and conserve available
foods.
The course is merely an infant. Two sections have completed it thus fai'. Changes have been made each term in the material covered. These changes were due in part to changing food problems and in part to desired problem studies of the students enrolled.
Farm Labor program, according to is considered the peak of attain- the Government paid transporta- Study Latest Wartime Wrinkles Glenn Sample of the Agricultural ment, the Jamaicans like to have tion to this country, while all Foods and Nutrition 137 is a two-
Extension Service. To the energetic, hard-working Jamaicans, who are placed strategically over the country where there is a farm labor shortage, the high wages and trip to America constitute a fascinating holiday; but to asparagus growers in New Jersey, fruit raisers in Michigan, and much crop gi’owers in Indiana, it means the saving of an otherwise lost
crop.
Enjoy American Customs
their pictures taken, perferably wages, food, and living expenses hour credit course. A one-hour lecwhile sitting in a rocking chair and ai'e paid by the farmer-employer, ture and a th^ee-hour laboratory dressed in the best of their light- The Jamaicans were included in the make an adequate budgeting of colored suits. This represents the same Congi’essional brainstorm time. The work is largely research height of leisure, since there seems with the Women’s Land Army and in the laboratory. Tests are made to be a definite Jamaican line be- Victory Farm Volunteers of the of new war-time products introtween the working and leisure United States Crop Corps. duced on both the retail and wholeclasses. Distributors are the land-grant markets. Students enrolled in Finally, they were persuaded colleges with county agents report- Wartime Cookery have a chance to with a mild “But people will think ipg the farm labor needs of each themselves the effectiveness you’re not doing any work if they county, making sure local help is ineffectiveness of the latest see you pictui'ed always in a rock- unavailable before placing orders, “wartime wrinkles”,
ing chair.” This changed their At the University, the Agricultural
minds, so now they consent to pic- Extension Department is in charge
Sci'umptiously clean, highly in- tui'es in working overalls. of placing the Jamaicans, with J. B. telligent, well-educated, the men. Difficulty In Converting Customs Kohlmeyer, state supervisor of
Some of the problems worked out this year included the planning and preparing of a complete dinner menu using the highly nutritious
who left their wives or I’elatives at In doing the many varied types of Emergency Farm Labor', at the soybean; planning and preparing home, are citizens of Great Britain; fm-m work, they find it difficuir”to head. ' nutritionally complete vegetable they like American magazines, convert their English customs into Issued Ration Books plates to ease the number of red books, newspapers, movies, danc- American living. Most annoying is The Jamaicans are issued i-egular meat ration stamps used; baking ing, light summer suits, picnics on driving on the right side of the ration books; they have their own products with less sugar and shortSunday, and going to town on Sat- ^-oad. Although they speak English leadership and like the novel idea of ening; food preservation including urday night. They indulge in base- i-apjdly and nimbly, they lapse into having the boss work, too. canning, dehydration, and freezing ball games, writing numerous let- unintelligible babble of Jamaj- In a few weeks, the first contract of foods; extending ice cream, and ters home, potatoes at every meal, can origin, when excited. will expire for several of them; in- the use of ready-made dessert prepand frequent reference to the Bible. On the Princeton Farms, near stead of returning home, the Jamai- arations. Since the first group appeai'ed Princeton, Indiana, manager 0. C. cans are looking forward to renew- Flavoring Fats last spring, their numbers have Redenbacher built comfortable bai'- ing their contract with the U. S. One laboratory period was devotgrown to well over several thous- racks complete with well-equipped government. ed to the testing of butter extenders
- for volume yield, vitamin copteirti per pound of the extended mix^ relative cost of extended butter aa' compared to regular butter. Dfiiving the same laboratory, tests made of new butter flavors oa tlUk commercial market. One preparation, a chemical artificial flavor, was added to lard, to oleomargarine, ai^ to another commercial hydrogenate ed fat. Another preparation, a bgc« illus culture, was also added td thd three fats. Tests were made at ttla next laboratory period for desirability in taste, texture, and color of the flavored fat products.’ TRs flavored fats were used in pdatrtv biscuits and cakes to determine staying qualities under higii-tnm«, peratures in cooking. The bacteriaU ly developed flavors were found tq remain during baking. The cheiiiK cally added flavors were volatile under heat. Putting Theory Into Practice Coeds enrolled in the new couran have stated that it gives them. an. opportunity to work out prefitenis’ in actual practice that before hid been merely presented to them class as theory. They are satisfy-* ing their own curiosity and at tie same time doing valuable resnatchi in little-known and untested fieHa' of food properation. j Mortar Board . . . national honary for' senio^ women, Sunday morning initiate Clare Coolidge, acting * S# women, Nelda Reed, Carol ItobW and Mary Lou Sternberg. '‘t Officers for the next semestmc will be as follows; president* Thompson; vice president, .Loin Veit; secretary, Carol treasurer, Nelda Seed; edi^r, Mary Lou Sternberg and Beth Ludberg. -i” 0 Cffftv-' ’ it) ” '
nge 2
■i
Purdu^ Exponent
-"
V
"'1 >. ;v>‘ ' '*' rr; > '’'
Tuesday, August 10, 1943
'"gawpi!
Purdue Exponent % f * ,'. OflFlccs: Editorial and Businesi f ' fiirduQ Memorial Mnlon, Phone 4005 ^ Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 279Z ' , Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Baltnns Manager N«ws Editor! llanOlking Editor i^rta Editors .
Ellis Mnrph) Mary Diita William H. Tjson Carolyn Wilbui Ray Smith, Russ Liper
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
AMUeiatfe Editors/ Jack Abbett, Ruth Ford, Katy Howes, Mad'tjyn Grotnes, Peg Steffes. ••
Business Staff
Adyertising Manager: C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circniation Manager: E G. Sauerman.
£dii«r>in-Cliict..._
The Purdue independent
. Bart Bqniet
Staff For This Issue
Eighi Editor: Wilbur Issue Editor: Georgeson Hay Editor; Steffes City Editor: Ford Reporters: Sw'crdloff, Bavnes, Ogden, Ward, Kropf, Lewis, Piffliarulo, Garrett, Wright, Thomas.
Entered as second class mattey at the post office in Lafay Indiana, under the act of Congress of March -8,,„18T9, ktltt at the special rate pf postage provided for in sehtlon 111^ act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, WZZ POblished on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornlngs^durm *^6 except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by Abrtiey for ?1 25 for a semester, by mail for $1.60 for a Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent or at the West Desk of the Unjon. RfebfflBented for national advertising by National Advertisinit Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 42i» Madison Ave., New York, N. Y,
Service Men, Here's Reason Enough . . . During the last week another item of confusion and misunderstanding has been pushed into the lap of the service men. It is the matter of Union Cards. A matter which has never been thoroughly and adequately explained to the men who are expected to purchase the cards. - Service men have voiced many queries as to the value and use of the card, and as to the use/Which is to be made of the money invested in the cards. Answers to these queries such as: “These cards will let you into the Union”, and “You can use these card^ as passes to the football games”, are definitely insufficient because they do not tell the whole story. Such answers naturally bring out the attitude that it, is a waste of money to pay for things that arfe app<brently free already. In reality these cards are good for a lot more than admission to football games and to the Union. Union card fee^ assessed service men thke the place of thp activities and convocation- fees which all civilian students pay as a part of their registration fee. Admission to football games is just a minor par.t'of the card’s advantages. These cards carry admission to practically all athletic contefets on the campus in which a Boilermaker tehm participates. In regard to these athletic contests, the University is required to pay a set percentage of the gate to the Big Ten Conference for each game in which a Riveter team is represented. This percentage is figured partially on the number of students that attend, A good portion of the money which is paid to conference is taken from the civilian acfjyitiqs fee, and some will be taken from the ffe^e paid by service men, under the guise of joining the Union. . /Another part of these Union dues which service men are griping about is the idea of paying for motion pictures which the Navy iurjiishes every Friday night—for nothing. Army and Navy men who have this idea are all wet. In the first place the Navy does not get the pictures, the University does. In the secppdjilace the Navy has not paid for them since t.he first of July, the University has. Finally, in the third place, there will be no more pictures in the Music Hall for service men if an insufficient amount of them subscribe to the Union fee. . Other programs at the Music Hall are also included in the privileges given to holders of the Union card. A Union member can go into regular University convocations for nothing —.adeiiseion to townspeople is ordinarily ab.optoneAollar ^nd ten cents—and admission tjO aemq of the shows put on here at this price starts at three dollars and goes at one dollar a jump, up to six dollars a seat in large cities as Chicago, New Yoi'lf and St. Louis. Still another thing of importance to the service men is the weekly “free” dance in the Union ballrooms. However, someone has to pay for those, too. So far the University has done it from the fees paid by Civilimi students. Soon no one will be allowed to enter these balli^ooms on Saturday night without first showing his Union card or his passport. The usual price for a Saturday night mixer is also one dollar and ten cents. , Service men should stop and think just a little more before they decide they are getting everything for nothing, and remember things like -that don’t last forever. Ju&t stop and think. Service Man, where can you get,so much for so little? If you think -abopt it long* enough you will soon discover
SIL WHM6T0H • y DREW^PEABSOH Tragic Crash Emphasizes Army Delay In Forming Glider Progrann; Dent Battled For Motorless Planes WASHINGTONr—When itlie city of St. Louip lost some of its top-ranking officials in the army .glider crash' last week, the only good result was 'to op^n up an Army-Navy hair-pulling contest which has been brewing baskstage for months. What most people don’t know is that (1) the entire U., S. .glider program has ben woefully neglected; .(2),that the Navy has developed a much better glider than the Army; and (3) when one glider manufacturer last year asked the Navy’s permission to manufacture the Navy’s type glider for the Army, the Navy re-
fused.
The entire glider story goes back long before Pearl Harbor, even before the glider-born invasion of Crete, when one lone Army officer saw the importance of gliders and began tp demand that the Army develop
them.
He is Col. Fred R. Dent, known in the Air Corps as the Billy Mitchell of gliders. At that time, and until the Germans showed what they could do with gliders in Crete, the U. S, Air Corps had turned thumbs down on this “air-toy”. They were considered a nice sporting plaything, but of no military value. Brass-hats referred to them as those—gliders. And it was Col. Dent, a young West Pointer, who argued, begged and hammered home the importance of the glider in landing troops, carrying freight, hauling exti-a fuel and doing all the things which gliders are now doing. Funds Delayed Col. Dent, unfortunately, was not able to win over the brass-hats and get appropriations for gliders until every airplane factory in the country already was chockful of airplane orders. As a result. Dent put together gliders wherever he could. A total of 115 different plants contributed different parts to Army gliders and it was a joking remark around Wright Field that glider wings were “by Steinway”. On one occasion, a manufacturer from Minneapolis came in to say he had the backing of Northwest Airlines and that he wanted to make gliders. He got an order for sixty. “What’s the name of your company?” Col. Dent
asked.
“Pll tell you in the morning,” the embryo manufacturer replied, disclosing that he still had to form his company. This hurried throwing together of the glider progi’am probably was the best that could be done considering its late start and the handicaps under which Dent was working. Suddenly, however, Dent was relieved of his job. After taking all the miseries, and spending two thankless years pioneering for gliders, he was transferred overseas. In his place was appointed 26-year-old Dick duPont, scion of the famous duPont family. Young duPont, head of All-American Aviation, had done a lot of experimenting-with gliders and air mail pick-ups in cities not large enough for regular mail stops. He stepped in after Col. Dent had suffered most of the headaches, and is now carrying on. Army-Navy Jealousy The Army, necessarily anxious to build several thousand gliders for landing operations in Europe and build them immediately, had adopted the Waco type of glider. Meanwhile, the Navy, working on a smallei scale and a little more slowly, adopted a more efficient typo of glider, manufactured by Allied Aviatibn in Baltimore and Winston-Salem, N. C., and by Bristol Aero at West Haven, Conn. The Navy glider can be landed either on land or water, and according to official reports “generally has shown better perfoi-mances than the glider which the Army has placed in production.” Inside fact was that the Admirals themselves were not particularly interested in gliders, except indirectly for the Marines. The Navy itself does not land men as an attacking force, but carries Marines for that purpose. But for a time after the landing at Guadalcanal, when it looked as if the'Marines would play an increasingly aggressive role in the war, the Navy, acting as procurement agency for the Marines, ordered a lot of these superior, amphibian gliders. It was at about this time that Allied Aviation asked the Navy’s permission to approach the Army with a view 'to manufacturing its superior type glider for the Army. But the Navy said no. Since then, this negative position has been modified, but months later, when it was difficult to change. Latest d^elopment is that quite recently the Navy dractically curtailed its glider program, almost wiped it out. Net result of all this is that the Army has been pushing production of the type of glider which crashed at St. Louis, while the Navy has almost cut out production of a supeiior glider. These are some of the glider problems which the Tiuman Committee may investigate as a result of the tragic St. Louis crash. FDR An<J Farmers FDR’s testers of political opinion for some time have been trying to decide how seriously the President has lost the farm vote. Some of them are copvinced that it is the big farm lobbies who are the real leaders against the President and that the great masses of farmers are not. Here is the way one top-ranking official in the Agiiculture Department, himself a farmer, summarizes the farm lobby battle against FDR: “All my life,” he says, “the farm organizations have been plugging for parity. That has been their slogan: Parity for farm products. Now they have it. Every ipajor product except wheat is selling above parity. “So the farm organizations are left without an issue. But they can’t survive without an issue. They have to have something to battle for, or farmers would not support them. “So they take up the cry against subsidies. Instead of subsidies, they want farm prices to go higher, which means inflation.” (Copyright 1943 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) ' I ' " 'I " . ■ that you are saving about four to eight dollars a semester compared to what the civilians have to pay, and you will realize that everyone is getting more than his money’s worth. —e.m.
Jult Looking Around
By Jack Abbott
Idealism seems to be running rampant throughout the United States because of the present trend toward a United tions’ victory^ This idealism is all right in it^ place, but idealf^in has ^eemed to fail in most instances in this present realistic world. The plans of peace that are coming before the eyes of the people haye begun to take on an idealistic view; and^the recent Hot Springs food con- , — —— ference ended with nothing of dust. The Russians could, howibut idpaHtitienFnmiqpq for the e^Poct at large scale attack but laealistic,promises f^or the Japanese troops stationed feeding of the world. The per- Siberia.
son in (Washington, or whoever is planning the future of this world, should get both feet firmly placed on the ground. Then he should swing into realistic plans with all the strength that is being used in planning a world where
peace is like water, everyone loves the ASME will hold their annual their neighbor and is getting plen- “Pie-Fest”^ next Wednesday night ty to eat beside. This sounds good, ut 1 'e room 108 of the Mechanical and it will get votes, but when the Engineering Building. This get toactual test arrives some stupid real- gether is for members only for the ist will have to step forward and purpose of electing officers for next
take the blame for not getting us on year.
^tudeni Branch Of ASME To Hold Annual Pie Fest The University student branch of
Times
the right path in the first place.
—x-x—
The futility pf fighting the Japs
“She’s harder to please since she gave up her job in the chorus to work here—and she isn’t intereseted in furs or jewels—wants sirloin steaks and such.” Research In Houses To Give Better Homes
Professor W. T. Miller will open the program with a talk on “Condensation of Vapor in Building
from''islanrto island'hal definitely Walls”. The talk is to be illustrated
with moving pictures. After Pro-
been proved by the way these sons of heaven have been fighting in the Solomons. The story about the losses of the Japs on Guadalcanal also
fessor Miller’s address, the elections will be held. The program is to be concluded by the serving of
By Rjchard Ward Since the war started, many communities have had severe housing problems due to the immigration of war workers. This has created a shortage of houses in such areas and particularly a housing problem for the people of the laboring classes. There are in America several housing research organizations about which the average person has heard little. Some of the research activities in this field have been established to meet the change required m the average home. As a result of such work, many inci-edi-ble' things have been developed which will be incorporated in houses of the future. University Housing Research About twelve years ago the University Research Foundation established its activity in the field of housing. Besides enjoying the close cooperation of the various schools and departments of the University, the housing research division of the University Research Foundation has a half million dollar physical plant of its own consisting of 180 acres of improved land, about twenty experimental houses and all kinds of equipment for research of this kind. The offices of housing research are in the Executive Building and on the housing campus. The campus or field office is in one of two elaborately equipped test houses. In interviewing one of the housing research staff members it was startling to learn that houses were at times intentionally built in ways that seemed unsound because there was little evidence to prove them so except by actual experiment. Strangely enough this is one of the best ways to I'each new answers. Many ideas are carried out in a simple house to find whether they will he practical for future houses. All the houses built are tested in practically every way imaginable. .^Strong Material In Future Houses Houses of the future will be constructed of strong and high quality materials, but the house will be used for periods of fi'om three to five years. Besides having a new house more often, it will be designed for comfort and practicability. In the future, houses should be used on the basis 'of our current needs just as our present forms of transportation are used. It has- been said, “We now live in suburban areas five or ten square miles in extent. Tomori’ow we will live in areas five or ten thousand square miles in size. We will fly 260 miles to get to work in less time than we now drive 25 miles. Since everybody is being taught to fly now, this change in living is not coming—it is here.” Air travel in the future will be less hazardous than automobile travel at the pres-
ent.
Decentralized Living With a change in the mode of tiansportation coming about, we will have a decen(;ralized living, which will change" the physical character of our homes. In the past houses have been in congested areas, and in narrow lots, but this is not very likely in the future. Houses will be on large areas, probably acres, which will give us all enough land for our own purposes, namely, for recreation and
partial subsistence. This means we will be completely independent of outside utilities; no streets, no sewer, no gas pipes, no water main, and no electric line. Each person will be miles from each other; the cost of such utilities would be too great to attempt to spread out over such a large area. Although people may be miles apart, they will be only minutes away by air or radio-phone. Of course, it will take quite some time to sell the general public on the new ideas and to make the transition. ^ The question now arises, “What are we going to do without present utilities?” Each house will be independent and will have its own power, sewage, and water plants. Roads will no longer be needed, because people will travel through the air in a “Cloudcar.” Our sewage disposal will be taken care of by flash incineration, which will be more sanitary and efficient than the present system of waste disposal. The water supply will be from wells and simple purifying equipment will be used. Condense Water From Air It is also possible to condense water from the air by modification of our present refrigeration system. The gas pipe will not be needed because we will do our beating and cooking electrically—the power being supplied by rural electric lines or individual power generators. Electricity will be hei'e only until specialists in electrical energy with low cost equipment provide storage devices for night time use and periods when the*sun does not shine. Communication can tie by radiophone permitting the two conversationalists to see the person to whom they are talking. Most news will come by way of television, and entertainment will also be provided by television. Simplified Heating And Cooling A simplified method of heating and cooling our houses in the future will save tons of materials. The purpose of heating a house is to control the number of heat units given off by the body per unit of time. In the future the engineer will tieat the walls so that they will reflect heat instead of absorbing it, which will take care of the heat given oft' by means of I'adiation from the body. In other words, the walls will reflect the heat back to the body thus stopping losses by radiation. New homes of the future will have the same temperature inside as it is out of doors. If the new means of preserving the body energy are perfected, heat will no longer be required in the home. The conditions will be made ideal so that the body will not i*equire heat to regulate the number of heat units given off. Bedrooms And Sleeping Conditions Attention is being given to our bedrooms and sleeping conditions, which are very “primitive” says 0. F. Booster, director of the bousing reseabeb. When we retire We open tbe windows, shut off the heat, and rush to bed under heavy covers. During the night cold air laden with foreign material and gases from factories rushes into the lOQin. A< lot of energy is wasted by breathing cold air and lifting heavy covers on (See RESEARCH, Page 3)
proves this. (Only a few hundred I'efreshments in the form of pies, prisoners were taken out of over ten The meeting will be the first of thousand Japs killed on Guadal- the semester for the graduating
canal). The only possible way to end members,
the war as far as Japan is concerned by the end of 1944 is to strike at the
ver^ heart of Japan with the type If QolSTil jCf 7 ICw
of raids that have been going over
Germany. Japan could be subjected Student health service announces to the worst bombing of any nation the I’elease of the following from in the world because of the land fac- the Women’s Residence Hall infirmtor, which permits the large Indus- ai’y: Jeannette Radtke, and Ann trial plants to be placed only in the Stinson.
lowlands, and incidentally, close to the large Cities of Japan. The losses on the Jap side would be heavy and after a certain period of time so
The following were released from the Home Hospital: Sgt. Ronald Reeder, and Pvt. Harry Aron. From the St. Elizabeth hospital
many people would be dead, we the following were released: Howwould hardly have to worry about ard Davis and Michael J. Schocken. Japan as a power for at least two Entering, hospitals this week generations. The soldiers who are were: Pvt. Donald Brater, Pvt. Jack
guarding the vast Jap empire would be left out in the cold. Eventually their food and ammunition would run out and they would be forced to take to an animal existence upon which even the Jap cannot live for-
ever.
—X-X— Russia’s defeat of the Germans in and around Orel and Belgorod has even greatei meaning than the de-
Browse and William Richardson, Home Hospital; Howard Davis, Frank B. Stewart, Francisco Zamora, and Gail Scheibel, St. Elizabeth Hospital; and Wanda A. Gorka and Ann Stimson, WRH jbijirmary. A campus poll will be held at 'the University of Michigan to determine whether their Summer Prom
feat of the Germans. The Russians will be formal or informal.
might be convinced that the time is about light for an attack on Japan. If the Russians could be talked into holding this little visit upon Japan, we could supply the bombers and other necessary materials and then watch Japan go up in a nice cloud
Yes, things.
the war changes many
Try An Exponent Classified!
TODAY and TOMORROW
with SIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE HENRY TRAVERS LEE J. COBB
PLUS—SECOND HIT
TODAY and TOMORROW
BUD ‘■S! Aii0rr^cosffuo
swinrsi ''MRIc KNOWUJ I JOHNNY lONG nnJ 1, YOUNG-CENflVailW SKATING BfAt
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN THc RAMoe vosrm
Vhamla BRUCE * Jamti ELLISON
ALSO — ''ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' JACK, No. 7“ —- PLUS — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
liRmEnE TODA^i^d) TQMPJIIWX^
CHARLES COBURN petcr lorre brfnda marshaIl DAME MAY WHIITY Duected by EDMUND GOULDING
om IbF Npvtl and Plsy by c by iI>lcliy(oH|i9iig Korii»ol
EESI0BUYiJ^33®S;"a,
V
^ rK
1
y
Army, fiavy, lAarine News
f
1943i>
\
FaJt^rS^rtiice Men^^ By^ Service Men
m$e
Section K Company 12 Wins §6ltt»all Contest ' , V!' ’' Victors Will Receive Silver Medals,
ext Thursday
AST Patter By T/7 Morris Better >
Section H of Company 12 Naval Electricians school, won the dpuble elimination softball contest sponsored by the American Softball As•sociation by a 3-1 victory over Section G of Company 12 labt Thursday evening on intramural field. The contest, financed by the Coca-Cola Company, was staged beA'.-. . II ' .
Notice
There have been entirely too many injuries as the result of bats flying out of batter’s hands and striking spftball players and spectators. Please refrain from standing too close to the batter’s box. Spectators must sit a sate distance away. Lt. F. P. Butorac. tween 16 sections of companies 12 and 13 and was begun around the middle of August. The winners will receive silver medals supplied by the sponsors and represented at the graduation next Thursday. Runners up in the contest were section 12C which was beaten by 12H in the semi-final and section 13E, eliminated by 12G in the semi^nal. The contest was of a double elimination nature in that the winner of each contest was advanced to the next round while the losers of each contest were regrouped and the winning teams advanced. Of the finalists, 12H had not previously lost a game in the contest, while 12G had lost one. The American Softball Association is an international organization which attempts to promote softball in various countries throughout the western hemisphere. A contest similar in nature to the 6ne sponsored here has been conducted in all the army camps and naval stations thioughout the country. Regional and national championship contests will be played this month by the winners from each camp and station with the final national championship going to the winner in the finals to be played in Chicago about .September 10. Due
to the fact that the men in the winning Electricians team will graduate shortly, the team will not compete in the national contest. A 7 won by forfeit from 0 2 A 1 won by forfeit from Cl \ D 3 won by foi’feit from A 6 A A—14; C 4—3. D 4—10; A 6—0. B 3—23; B 1—1. B 2—7; B 6—6. Saga Of A Sui By Sgt. Leonard Gordon There was once a little statistic It stayed indoors all day While other stats would jump and
romp
It never came out to play It’s mother said “This policy 'Will be your ruination For you will never come within Three standard deviations. But he’d shrug his little shoulders
then
And plod his weary way He said “I won’t be like the rest I’ll show them all some day”. Then one day he was drafted To Purdue he was sent In plaguing weary students His hours now are spent. Eleven deviations out He’s landed through his actions And if he does not come back in ' He’ll drive us to distraction. The army saw his attitude He just would not conform He’d rant and shout but never
would
Come closer to the norm.
/
They couldn’t crack this stat’s mo-
rale '
His canner was resplendent So, we must all salute him now Cause he’s a first lieutenant. Buy War Bonds
HAVING COMPANY? IF YOUR .PARENTS OR YOUR BEST GIRL IS COMING TO THE CAMPUS TO VISIT YOU, THEY’LL APPRECIATE the' COMEORTS AND CONVENIENCES' OEEERED , AT THE PURDUE UNION. I SO, RESERVE THE A ROOM AT THE UNION CLUB THEY WILL ENJOY BEING ON THE CAMPUS.
RESERVATIONS MAY BE MADE AT THE EAST DESK. fijUAdwL WjumsAlaL lAnJum, 1. In , f , {> * The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
Footlight footnotes: Not only has the Army been making a name for itself on the battle fields, but it has also been getting quite a reputation in the entertainment field, Altho it has no monopoly on talent, the Army hss been producing a goodly numberv'of outstanding theatrical hit^. Fypm Broadway the neWs that The Army Plsy-by-Play is having a successful run. This is a soldier-presentation of prize-t*in-ning one-act plqys by pmo in the service. From Ifollywopd, the biggest Army hit pf them all—This Is The Army, has been released as a mpvie and it’s the technicoler pride and jp^ pf the critics. What’s mere, all the dough that this show has been grossing, goes to the Army Emergency Relief and that’s been quite a lump. Before it’s thru, it is estimated, it will have contributed to the tune of six million iron men. News of another outstanding shoVr comes from Ft. Namilton, N. Y. where Pfc. Harold Rome has written a “hit” score for Stars and Gripes. Rome is known for his Pins and Needles as a civilian. Right here on the campus, service talent is being exploited for a sutler production on August 21. It may fail to attain the heights of popularity reached by TITA but it will have the distinction of having played in a larger auditorium than any TITA appeared in. Roll out the barrel: If you bend an elbow, here are some statistics of interest. Of the 67 million barrels of beer produced in the country, 10 million have been embarked for the armed forces. This means about one barrel for each man in uniform. Since there are only 312 bottle to a barrel, you don’t have to be a calculus wizard to see that that means one bottle every day of the year except Sundays. The rub is this: the beer allocated for the armed forces has an alcoholic content of 3 point
2!
The Navy comes thru: The petition of several members of Congress and a number of sports authorities to have the War Dept, change its stand on the participation, in intercollegiate sports, of soldiers in ASTP has bx'ought about no change. The Army' attitude is still that the student soldier’s work is so intensive that there is no time for football. The wisdom of this decision is best left for sports commentators to debate. The Navy, however, does have the green light on intercollegiate football and will represent the ai’med forces on the college gridirons this fall. Even with this partial representation, an interesting state of affairs is in the process ^of developing. Newspaper PM’s sport pages throw some light on the issue. It is pointed out that ivy-clad schools which are reaping the athletic harvest of the Navy V-12 program are having to discard their traditiOn-bound ways of selecting varsity teams. Now that the fleet’s in, some of the boys who laid aside a miner’s pick or quitd a shop bench will be getting the glory 'and limelight as they do or die for dear ol’ Siwash. Some of the regular varsity men will, of course, still be around but fraternity connections and family traditions aren't going to be as important as they were once were tcf sew up coveted varsity positions. Seems like some rock-bound alumni will get quite a shock on homecoming day when they find some brawny ex-garage mechanic with a jaw-breaking name starting at quarterback in the big game. There’s probably not too much to worry about on that score because we’ll probably sfee a brand of football that, in spirit, will reflect the democratized method of selecting a varsity team. Even the rockbounds will recognize it and acclaim it. Odds ’ll’ ends: Someone observed that the difference between college and soldier bull sessions is that the former invariably end, on the subject of sex while the latter invariably begins with said topic, . . .Friday Will only be the 13th for us, but for civilian students it’ll be the stait of the exodus. It’s between semesters for them and they will be leaving on 16-day furloughs. . . . The most leisurely meal of the week is Sunday morning breakfast in the Uhion. . . .No campus talent hunt should overlook the abilities of Pvts. Sanfoid Meisel and Talbeit Levine. Both have successful backgrounds in entertainment work. . . . One soldier called hisi girl in Los Angeles the other day but she wasn’t home and he wound up talking to her mother—$6.90 worth. . . . The Italian situation still looks tangled up—like a bowl of spaghetti. . . .Medic’s theme song: “Oh, , give me something to dismember you With”. . . .Looks like the Expd and its Seivice page will be going
A
Post
into bivouac for a couple of weeks, too. We’ll see you in print again about the September first. Until then, it’s CSMO.
Researth
(Continued from page 2) the bed. After going to bed for six to eight hours, we are more tired than we were when we retired. Radiant Sun Used In thelutqre'a radiant sun, which radiates* energy, will be placed above tJle bed while a person sleeps. The instru'm^tf will be controlled by a diasl^Whicll will be regulated according tu weight, age, rate of metabolism pf the body, and the amount of time available for sleep. When the |ierson retires, he will set the control switch’to meet his requirements. Covers on the bed will be unheard of and we will retire in comfort to get up the next morning feeling completelji refreshed. The purpose of the radiant sun is to equalize cpnnection and respiration losses of the body by transmitting energy to the body. In case that only three hours of sleep are available, the control switch is set for suchf. whiqlY will in turn regulate the output of energy of the sun. In this case, three hours of sleep would makq^ the person feel just as refreshed as if eight hours of sleep had been obtained. The radiant sun affects the body’s chemical actions and the repair of body tissues. Houses in t|ie future will go up in a matter of hours instead of months. This will come about by a reduction of metal and materials in the house as well as reducing the man hours of labor spent on the house and will result in the reduction of the cost of building a home. Less Metal And Wood The average house in the past has had about 3000 pounds of metal in it. War houses are now being constructed with 300 pounds of metal. There are six to ten board feet of lumber per square foot of floor space in the average house, but war houses now have about two boaid feet of lumber per square foot of floor space. In other words, this also helps cut the cost of houses down to where people of^he 1200 dollar bracket will be able to purchase a new home. Since the pubic is slow in grasping new discoveries or new ideas, the present housing projects are being used to educate the public; however, houses being built now are used to house war workers. Before such plans as those can be put into effect, the public will have to accept the new ideas with confidence. Bird’s Eye View This description is a bird’s eye view of future homes which are being developed by research projects. These projects aim to satisfy the demands of the average American citizen. Future homes will bring members of the family closer to one another, and the man in California will no longer be a stranger to the New Yorker. These developments will give the people on the home fiont and on the battle front something to fight for and something to look forward to after victory. Capital City Needs Policewomen To Curb Crime, Delinquency District of Columbia has sent out a call for more policewomen to help curb the crime and delinquency in and around the capitol city, Washington. Any woman of sound physical condition and between the ages of 25 to 36 may apply through the U. S. Civil Service Commission. The call was directed to those not already using their highest skills in war work. The policewoman plays an important part in curbing delinquency, supervising Capital amusement places for protection of young people, investigating causes^ of delinquency and taking steps to combat it, and performing general service 'in the detection and prevention of Clime. All applications for the job must be in by August 31, with people in the metropolitan area of Washington, D. C. receiving peiference for the 'jobs. f Notice Any students who wish to work lor the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
»<!■
Cary Hall Gfiost Stirs Last Midnight Silence Brave Men Attack Prowling Spook; Discover Gl Dressed In White Stwet
By Pfc. Leo Friedman
The ghost of Cary Hall South walks no more. , No longer need the midnight silence be broken, n& longer
The magazine hints that other need the cheerful, terra cotta walled corridors be hideous with
the threat of a lurking, shapeless phantom beyond each turft; ing. No longer need door slamming winds stir the hak on t|ie necks of sleepless soldiers’
necks. . , The terror has stoppeil stalking. ' j. Of course, there will be those now who will say that there
Dear Pvt. Elias: never was a terror, and that they There are certain principles, felt it was a lot of foolishness all
ideals if you wish, that many of along.
ExchTange
!^nlisted men of the Navy, as well as officers, will soon be wearing slate grajnS; according to an article in “Our Ndvy,” service magazine. The magazine predicts that in the near future, enlisted men will be drawing two gray jumpers, three pairs of gray pants, and one set of whites. Gray hats are also in pros-
pect.
changes are in prospect, too, but adds Ihey will not be “drastic.”
-P-E—
New V-12 classes are scheduled to start November 1, the Norfolk
Seabag reports.
—P-E—
Camp Adair, Oregon, boasts a real veteran in'® its medical supply officer. Major Oliver C. Stauffer, the camp weekly, reports. The major fought in the battle of San Juan
Hill and put in four years of ser- . , . , , ,. 4.1, n/r • i. j 4, respect, admire-yes and love-and vice on the Mexican border from , ,, ... iono 4. ini47 /-c • • j 4.T. 4. to see those principles made ridi1898 to 1917. Commissioned that , , , , , , 1- 4. j _ j culous trash by continual regurgiyear, he re-enlisted upon demobili- . 4.- j
Letters
To The Editor
..... J 4! 4. 4e tation is mentally nauseating and zation in the grade of warrant offi- ,4,;„_
cer. He served in this grade 17 years before his retirement in 1937.
But in 1941, he retturned to active by glittering generality? service and was commissioned as a Will you ever reach the point where first lieutenant. The step-ups to you stop jabbering with “profound” major have come since. words. Will you never find the difp_g ference_ between realization and
knowledge ?
And who is to blame them ? After all, what sinister specters can one expect in a school of agriculture afid applied science? What dark legends can thrive on T-squares and
What banshee wovi^d
physically revolting.
Will you ever understand what is Guernseys ?
howl in West Lafayette?
Still, there was the figure.
Shapeless, White Figure
A tall, shapeless, white figure materializing from nowhere, stand-
A tip to the modern navy man on • jjjg head of a bed, standing what to wear when abandoning Your last column in answer tp my silently, groaning horribly, vanishship comes from Time magazine, sounded like a speech from a .. relayed via the Daily Illini. Pants has-been politician. Your use of the/ScoflEers and a shirt are always in order, it ‘=^tch words, and weighted nouns jggj.g^_ another gag; -and is explained. They save the skin on may sound good to those who like to would quit staflfing a rough trip down the rope or hull. ^ understanding, themselves on hamburgers between A pair of light leather gloves is al- but to those who prefer actuality to 10:30, they’d be a lot better so of inestimable value, as are a high sounding phrases your column Saturday’s
is nonsense. Nay it’s worse than that. It is absolute degrading of the things in which many of us believe. H It is possible for you to understand that continual harpening on the same old themes leads not to
hangover still hanging over. O. D. Or C. Q. Perhaps
Kinder ones thought of something else. Maybe it was just thfe O. IX, or the C. Q., or whoever elsq it is that makes bed checks. , And there were thoughtful men, too, sober citizen soldiers who took the victims of the ghost aside and
knife and pencil flashlight. The life jacket should be worn too, of
course.
Other suggestions: best emergency exit is a fire hose, because it offers a surer grip than a rope. Don’t jump except as a last resort. Never
go over on the lee side; the ship I’espect but to disgust. You bring floats downwind faster than you these subjects up without apparent
can swim, and the bulk of the de- i’®®son. You will argue that such ^ bris is there too. Get clear fast, but important ideas should be discussed suggested quietly that they niight swim slowlv once vou are-clear brought into the open as much fry sedatives, or see Doc Milter.
of B^vlvors. as possiblo. Ido.s don’t becorpe . They, too, had ..restled wlU. Pros
p_g part of US by flouting words but they fessor Lindquist’s occasionally A group of Navy men somewhere ^^^st be lived and realized. True re- oblique and obscure approach to the in the Pacific have organized a ahzation takes a long time and sampling error theory. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ “Chicago Club”, the Log of the Chi- words without thought bounce off Not Hamburgers cago Navy Pier reports Every one’s consciousness as a rubber ball Bot apparently it was not that, man who has made his home in the off solid steel." and not the evening’s hamburgers.
Windy City for three years or Tell us of specific incidents where more—and is in hailing distance of democracy has lost, and we will club headquarters, is eligible. “We grieve with you and get angry with
and not the O. D. or the C. Q. or whoever it is that makes bed checks. For the vision came again and
have a swell club room decorated the “evil forces”; tell us times when again, and to many.
with everything imaginable pertaining to the Windy City—not to mention 128 members,” the club secretary reports. All right, how many Brooklyn men are there in Lafayette ?
—P-E—
racial bonds have been dissolved; tell us when religious activities have cut across all denominations and we will be happy and proud
along with you.
What was it? Who was it? What
did it want ?
No one knew. They could remem- i' ber only that it had come, that it had stood, faceless, headless, fa&t-
In other words do some construe- loss, at the doors to the room, tbet
tive work on your column and don’t
Incidentally, the star infielder of just sit down and reword your old the Navy Pier baseball team this themes. Give us some vibrancy and summer has been 26 year old Prank truth in the forurii. Let us have Niemas. Five years ago, you might something at which we can point,
have caiieht Frankie in anv eood something with which we can work, toi' the toughness, the raw courage, BB^pr,; “ll pMk fa tte ZntS- =0™etl>i„g which will make us u„- the absolute fe.rlessue.s of a .maU cavorting at short for the House of easy and something which will group of brave men—the Wen of
Carry Hall South, third floor far
before the bravest of them-could find
his tongue, it had vanished. Brave Men To The Rescue ‘ ' And so it went for weeks hnd JW
it might still be going if it were'^iait
David nine under a bushelful of strenthen our beliefs, chin sprouts. -FRANK HUNTER.
—P-E—
That “Sounding Off” of the worn- "
en’s navy, marine and coast guard lengths some guys go: Lloyd Baxmiddle schools at Northampton, ter, former ice skating star, wonMass., has its own scuttlebut dered what the army would give column, appropi lately enough ren- to him. The Ft. Dix mess sergeant dered as “Susie Scuttlebutt Says.” figured out a natural for Lloyd’s
P-E— second day in the army—and first
southwest.
Afraid neither of man nor beast, they vowed to track down the spec-: ter, whatever the cost. They would he awake nights till it came; they would follow it wherever it went. They would end these midnight ag-
gressions.
And so, last night, when the ghost
The Vancouver Barracks Chal- on KP. He was put to work cleaning ^^^^ed, they were waiting for it,
longer offers advice from a guy with four hash marks on how to get along in this man’s army: “Shoot the bull, pass the buck, make five miles from the flagpole.” —P-E— We are almost ashamed to print this switch on the oldest gag in the
out the icebox. Seventy-five per cent of all shipping from the west coast to the Pacific niilitaiy theater is moving the San Francisco Bay area. Because of the war emergency the bay area has 25 per cent of the na-
army, but just to show you to what tion’s shipbuilding.
BACK m buy'MO!^ BONOS NOW LOAN
Finds Different Welcome
And when its awesome bulk came to rest at the door of 307, it foufid a different welcome from whatsit had had. For here were no terrorized adolescents; here were two roommates leaping up to clntqh it.And this time it was the ghost who feared. It turned and ran. Bnt not fast enough—for'the ghbst breakers heard what others had not —the ghost swished, the ghost’s steps were weak but distinct. • It was fast, too fast to grasp— but not fast enough to disappear tiqtirely. It was still in the corridor when they came out—but streaking
for the upper end. •
GI Revealed “ « And it was finally revealed -for what it was—a tall, slim figure in shorts and GI shoes—a sheet in its
hands.
The corridors are dark at night, and the pmsuerS couM ndt see into which loom the figure fled, 'l^hey staited at the extreme end—but by this tune each room and ip it o^yv the legulation two sheet and blanket covered sleepeis, all ostensibly deeg in the arms of Morpheus., But the ghost of Cary H^dl So^Ui will walk no more, NAVY SLANGUAGE Okiilehau, pronounced o koq’igF how. Sugar cane and rice beveva^ made in Hawaii. Three dirinka piejtii you wacky better than a native.
-Si
Buy War Bondsmm
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, August 10, 19431
Lambda Chis, Sig Bps Enter Final Round In SoFtbali
Beta Sigma Psi, Navy I Grandstand Echoes I Candidates Fraternily Ardiretr
Flight Lose Contests
By Ray Smith
By Marc Ogden
The semi-finals of the fraternity baseball championship were played last night. The Lambda Chi Alphas and the Sigma Pis beat the Beta Sigma Psis 3-2. Navy Flight No. 1 was whipped by the Sigma Phi Epsilons and the Pi Kappa Phis, 18-8. The Beta Sigs opened the game with a single by Graif. He then stole second and got to third on the overthrow; scoring on a long pop fly. In the Lamb-
da Chis half of the second they scored two runs on two hits. Charlie Wright, the shortstop, and Joe Dawson, the first baseman, made the runs. In the third inning Garner scored on Yoder’s single to raise the Beta Sigs score to two. The Lambda Ghis first three men flied out. In the Lambda Chis and Sig Pis half of the fourth, Wright got on base on a error. He then stole second and scored on Hangeman’s, single. This made the score 3 to 2 and was never changed through the remainder of
the game.
Navy Flight 1 opened their game with two runs on three hits. Getz the short stop and Cermak the catcher being the scorers. Stewart
Freshman Eligibility Ruling For Varsity Competition Passed
First term freshman who have registered in the University will be eligible to participate in any of the extra curricular activities on the campus after deliquent slips have been issued. This season will be the first in which freshmen were allowed to participate in varsity sports on this CEfmpus. Freshman eligibility was submitted to the Executive Committee by Dr. F. R. Eastwood, and was
the Navy pitcher, faced three men Passed by this committee by
and all three in the Sig Eps half of the first. In the second inning the Navy again came through with one run; this was made by Spencer, the right fielder. Stuart, the Sig Eps pitcher, allowed only one hit. The Sig Eps half of the second saw
unanimous vote last night. Several regulations concerning eligibility to continue in extra curricular activities have also been submitted by the committee. Past experience has proved that freshman are of the caliber which permits them to take
plenty of action. Five runs were scored on three hits and three
on
walks. Gifford, the center fielder, tripled with three on. In the third inning they scored six runs on seven hits. Jackson replaced Stewart as pitcher in the fourth. Cook scored for Sig Eps making the score 12 to 3. Fire For The Navy In the fifth, the Navy scored five runs on six hits; this made the score 12 to 8. Then the Sig Eps scored six more runs in the sixth The game was then called on account of darkness. Sig Eps and Pi Kappa Phis winning 18 to 8. On Wednesdy night the Sig Eps will play the Lambda Chis for the championship.
create new interest in sports on the
campus.
RIVETERS REPORT TO ALL-STARS Once again the plans for the grand opening of the football season, the annhal All-Star game, are being put into operation as Head Coach Harry Stuhldreher met the squad of stars last Saturday for the first time. It is the first time in a number of years that so many former Boilermaker gridders were on hand for an All-Star game. When Stuhldreher called the roll for the first time four of the five Riveters chosen for the team were on hand. Included in this group were two guards Pete DeMaria and Dick Barwegen, and two backs, Walt Cook, who came east from Wyoming, and Joe Winkler, a fullback. The lone Boilermaker yet,to report is Kenny Smock, who is slated to complete his training at Glenview within the next few days. DON HUTSON SIGNS WITH GREEN BAY Along the line of professional football we notice that the National Football League’s best pass receiver, Don Hutson, has decided to toss aside his plans for retirement and will spend another season scoring touchdowns for the Green Bay Packers. It is not much of a surprise to us that Hutson changed his mind about playing, for Cecil Isbell recently said in an interview that the citizens of Green Bay would probably be able to talk his old teammate into playing another season. It would undoubtedly have been difficult for Hutson, living in Green Bay, to watch his former teammates playing without longing to be in the game. WAKEFIELD GETS ORDERS Another great baseball career was cut short this week when Dick Wakefield of the Detroit Tigers received his orders to report for induction intc/ the army on August 17. He will continue to play with the Tigers during his three week furlough. Many seniors now in school remember when Dick played here with the Michigan nine. It was on the occasion of the playing of the first night g^me in Big Ten history, that big Dick Wakefield connected with one of Don Blanken’s slants and drove it over the Columbian Park right center field fence, which is a lusty drive in anyone’s league. HERE AND THERE The athletic staff has several problems on its hands at the moment. One is to find a suitable replacement for Emmett Lowery, and the other is Lon Mann’s woiry over the stiff muscles and charley horses prevelant among football players. . . . The recent ruling regarding navy athletes has removed a number of stars from the roster of the All-Star game, including Steve Juzwik and Prank Maznicki. . . . Red Mackey entered the finals of the championship flight in the all-campus golf tournament. Last year he won the title. . . . Johnny Sines, who has been working with the Intramui’al depaitment, will assume his new duties at Lebanon.
Fraternity Badminton
Fraternity Badminton Doubles is to be finished Tuesday evening, August 10. Those teams qualifying for the elimination for championship, please have men on the courts at
6:46 Tuesday evening.
Form Hawkeye Tournament Today
Squad Nucleus
Fraternity Ping-pong Fraternity Ping Pong will be 'finished Tuesday evening at 4:16. Plan to play this last round of matches as scheduled.
All Campus Golf The following All Campus Golf matches are to be played off by Wednesday evening, August 11. Chas. Lamb vs. Red Mackey J. B. Feuquay vs. Larry LaBree
All Campus Tennis The All Campus Tennis Singles matches are to be played through the semi-final bracket by Wednesday evening, August 11. Following are the matches yet to be played. Nat Laskin vs. Bob Linblad W. Easley vs. winner of Laskin and Linbald R. W. Platt vs. Dave Koehler F. D. Martin vs. winner of Platt and Koehler G. N. Vriens vs. Ed Wells R. W. Abbott vs. winner of Vriens and Wells.
Plant Pathologists To Meet For Initial Summer Meeting
Prof. Scarseth
To Lead Group
On Soil Study
Notices
staff Members; Members who wish copiee o{ the new catalogue may get them by telephoning the editois’ office or tailing in person. —BODDEN
All Students; Any students who wish to work for the Eegistiar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office —S'rONE
August Graduates; All men Engineering and Science graduates should report to the Personnel Office as soon as possible to complete their personnel cards. Also, faculty recommendation sheets should be turned in before graduation. —CASON
Alpha Zeta; Election of officers will be held in room 303 of the Union at 7 :30 p m on Thursday, August 12 All members of
According to Dr. R. M. Caldwell, head of the University botany department, the annual summer meeting of the plant pathologists who are members of the Upper Mississippi Valley section of the American Phytopathological Society will be held here Thursday and Friday. This is the first time such a meeting has been held at the University. Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed will welcome the group of approximately 100 persons who are expected to attend the conference. They will hear speakers discuss a wide variety of topics, dealing largely with how “Plant Doctors” are aiding the war effort by preventing and controlling diseases of
vegetation.
Speakers and round table participants have been scheduled from the U. S. Department of Agriculture, University of Wisconsin, Iowa State College, University of Illinois, Michigan State College, Uni-
Prof. G. D. Scarseth, of the agronomy department, will be in charge of today’s meeting of the Soil Science Society of Indiana, which will meet at 4 p. m. in front of the Agriculture building. The group will then proceed to the soil fertility plots to measure the level of fertility and estimate which missing elements are responsible for the retaided growth conditions of the plot. The society has worked for some time to increase the soil fertility of Indiana and to add to the known facts of soil fertility.
Holders of the LaVernes Noyes, Whetherill, Cary, Hamlin, Coleman, and Bennett scholarships must notify the Division of Educational Reference by AUGUST 10 whether or not they will be in attendance at the University during the short eight week session beginning Septem-
ber 1.
Failure to file intentions of attendance with this Division by the deadline may in some cases result in the loss of the scholar-
ship.
V-12 & Marine Softball Tuesday, Aug. 10—6:15 Diamond— 1— A 1 vs. D 3 2— -A 2 vs. B 2 3— A 3 vs. B 3 4— A 4 vs. C 8 5— A 6 vs. B 5 6— A 6 vs. B 6 7— A 7 vs. B 7 8— A 8 vs. B 8 9— C 1 vs. D 2 10— C 2 vs. D 1 11— C 3 vs. Marine 11 12— C 4 vs. D 4 13— C 5 vs. D 6 14_C 6 vs. D 6 17— E 1 vs. Marine 7 18— E 2 vs. Marine 8 19— E 3 vs. Marine 9 20— E 4 vs. Marine 10 16—B 1 vs. B 4
Dr. H. B. Hass
Union Gives Weekly Dance Totnorrow
John Cassels
. . . head of chemistry department, speaking to two groups in Dayton, Ohio, next Thursday, will discuss the “effects of science on our daily lives after the war.” He will address the Rotary club at noon, and the business men’s session in the evening.
prebjliT time"1i'« i,rKed''to vei’sity of Minnesota, West Virginia
... British food production official from Durham, England, who spoke to several groups in this community last month, including several at the University, as well as the Purdue Alumni Club of Indianapolis, will
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Tomorrow afterpoon from 4 to 6 Student Union is offering another tea dance to all students. Coeds are especially welcome and urged to come to these informal stag dances. Admission for ajl eds and servicemen is ten cents. Music for these afternoon treats is furnished by your favoiite recordings.
From the University of Iowa’s first summer football practice have emerged 32 players who will be the squad nucleus next fall. Coach “Slip” Madigan, placing the players definitely in their positions, said that he hoped the group would be augmented by a number of freshmen to report Sept. 1. This number varies between 16 and 26, it is estimated. Twenty-Two Freshmen Twenty-two of the men are freshmen absolutely new to intercollegiate football. Their average weight is 178 pounds and average age slightly over 18 years. These are the players by positions, in approximate current ranking: Left Ends—Dave Danner, Iowa City, 190; Ray Gillespie, Iowa City, 160. Left Tackles—Bob Arzberger, Davenport, 172; John Andresen, Ossian, 186. Left Guards — Bill Moreland, Leon, 190; Donald Murray, New Hampton, 185. Centers—Gerald Pepper, Boone, 210; Bill Frey, Jr., Iowa City, 190; Warren Lewis, Ft. Madison, 176; Jim West, Mason City, 175. Right Guards—Bob Liddy, Monticello, 180; Wylie Mullen, Jr., Ogden, 189; Bill Crary, Iowa City, 167; Ahmet Gokbora, Turkey, 185. Right Tackles — Stanley Mohrbacher, Jr., Cedar Rapids, 196; John Leeper, Leon, 210; Dean Yanausch, Iowa City, 190. Right Ends — Joe Howard, Des Moines, 190; Charles Burkett, Independence, 170. Quarterbacks — Bill Sangster, Iowa City, 190; John Stewart, St. Petersburg, Fla., 166; Orville Lane, Ft. Madison, 148; Bob Dutcher, Mason City, 160. Left Halfbacks—Howard Larson, Anamosa, 165; Maurice Hageleen, Boone, 185; Herald Smith, Jr., Cedar Rapids, 180; Laurence Miller, North English, 160. Right Halfbacks—Dale Thompson, Ft. Madison, 165^i Paul Zaehringer, Clinton, 156; Robert Miller, Anamosa, 166. Fullbacks—Jim Hudson, Pocahontas, 170; Dale Luscombe, Iowa Iowa Falls, 190.
Fraternity Archery, which was originally scheduled to be held lagt Thursday evening, will be held this evening at 4:16. Participants a^’e not required to fill otit entry blankp. Attendance is all that is necessary to compete. Equipment Furnished Participants need not bring their own equipment since it will be furnished at the range. There is no limit on the number of men entered from each house, but only the two best scores will be counted in competition. This tournament promises to pi’ovide some good competition among the houses and in addition will provide each house with a splendid opportunity to collect participation points for the Pai’ticipation Trophy. Each house is urged to enter. Nick Teufel, 8407 is in charge of this tournament.
Morton Wins Tennis
Tourney With Defeat Of Lapp; 6-2, 8-6
Women’s Singles Tennis Tournament, sponsored by WAA, has been completed with the defeat of Eloise Lapp by Douglas Morton by a score of 6-2, 8-6. In the semi-finals Billie Nicholson was defeated by Lapp while Morton vanquished Carolyn Hy-
In the mixed doubles Walsh and Cooper are to play Morgan and Schwehn for the championship. Semi-final’ play saw Walsh and Cooper defeat Monahan and Hyman with scores of 6-3, 7-9 and 6-4,
Knight To Continue
As VFV Consultant
\
Notice
All the senior announcements and invitations have been sold and no more will be available.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
According to a dispatch from Washington, D. C., Dr. Frederic B. Knight of the psychology division, who has been on loan from the University, and who has served as acting chief of the Victory Farm Volunteers, a division of the Federal Extension Service’s farm abor program, will be succeeded by Iz-vin fit. Schmitt, of Davenport, Iowa. Dr. Knight, head of the VFV pi’ogram since last Mai’ch, will continue as general consultant for the program for such portions of his time as his duties as head of the division of education and applied psychology at the University will per-
mit.
attend the meeting
—PONDER
Aeromodelers; There will be a meeting at 7 30 Wednesday night, August 11, in loom 80 of the Union Winners of the August first contest may get prizes at this meeting —QUINN
PIA Junior Nurses Aides: You may call for your certificates for the summer's work at the west desk in the Union this w< ek -RIBORDY
Engineer Staff: Theie will be a staff meeting in Dean Potter s office today at 4 p m All staff members please be present —FISCHER
University and the University of Missouri as well as this University. One 0 fthe round table discussions will concern post-wav planning, and another on the vegetable crop disease situation, forecasting late blight of potatoes, cereal and soybean diseases and stone fruit
viruses.
again appear in Indianapolis on August 20 to address a luncheon meeting of the Purdue Alumni Club and the Indianapolis Optimist Club. Several persons from the Univei--sity, as well as state and Indianapolis persons will be guests at the meeting.
T. R. Johnston
Ceres: Last regular meeting of the summer semestei will be hedd tonight, August 10, at the home of Prof P E Robbins. Meet at east entrance of Union at 0:30 p m Transportation will be furriishid
- RULE
Beere Announces Howitzer Winners
student Union: Board meeting Tuesday at 7 p m foi senior board At 7 1 > foi junior boaid —WOOLLING
Chi Eta Epsilon: Initiation of officers Wednesday, August
P m in Chem and Bit Bldg All -jetnis and pledges expieted Meeting will be ov< r
in time for further i ntertainmi nt
- REYNOLDS
SCA : Meeting 11 porta nt.
-sday, August 1(1 Im-
—BURKHER
Pi Tau Sigma- Keys are in and may be obtained at the M E office —EVANS
All Mets; Short Wednesday at 4 p building
reorganization melting m, room 111 of Met
HEOKARD
Eta Kappa Nu- All members who plan to attend the diniiir meeting on '1 hursday must sign the list in the E E olliei before Wt-diie-bday night - WILLIAMS
Commodore Club: Muting tonight at 11 P m in bc'cond floor hall Please bi piompt, because we have lots to do. JONES
Tau Beta Pi
Colonel D. M. Beere, Commanding officei of the 3516th Service Unit, ROTC, announce.s the winners
ml election in the Distinguished 105 mm Ho-
witzer competition for the second
half of the teim, 1943.
Squad No. 6, Battery B, with Cadet R. M. Montague as Chief of Section was awaided first place. Squad No. 5, Battery G, with Cadet G. D. Fulmer as Chief of Section won second place. Squad No. 3, Batteiy G, with W. E, Polster as Chief ol Section tied foi third place. Each member of the squads of wiuneis ol the first thiee places in the competition was awarded 24 incuts and 2 citations. Members of SIX othiir highly lated squads were
awaided 12 merits each.
. . , director of information for the University, will address the At-tica-Williamsport Rotary Club at Harrison Hills Country club at Attica next Wednesday evening. The topic I of his discussion will concern the war program at the University.
Classified
Ads
ROOMS TO RENT?
The Easiest Way To Reach
Typewriters: Adding maenines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph woik done. C J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Wanted—Sluiients to dilivei the Exponent tliiei days a wick Apply at the Ciitulation Dipiiitmeiit in the Exponent office.
, . . national engineeiing honor- Reinking Wins Ward
ary, announce.s the election ol offi-
Wanted—Thiec men studints to do geiicial janitoi woik, one houi daily and three hours on Satiiiday in exchange for private apaitmont with puvate bath, kitchenette, clictric icfiigeiatoi, individual bids with inner springs, and all utilities fiiinished Write, stating peisonal qualifications: age, diaft status, year in sehool, leligior
Bu.x 100, Exponent.
etc.
ceis for the following six months: Robeit Haibsen, piesident; Quentin Evaiib, vice-piesident; Han.s Wormser, concbsponding .secietaiy; Richard Reed, lecoiding .secietaiy; Robert Batcheloi, tieasuier; Henry Roberts, catalog uei; Pi of. C. W. Beebe was elected to a po.sition on the faculty advisoiy boaid pending
hib acceptance.
Horseshoe Tourney
Try An Exponent Clabbified!
The new champion hoiseshoo pltiyei in the wait! touiney was decided hut night, when Reinkiiig asbumed this jiosition by defeating Hobson 21-10, 11-21, and 21-14. Reinking moved into the fiiiahs by defeating Miller 7-21, 21-19, and 21-5. Hobson advanced into the finals by way of a delault from iStriilz.
Female Help Wanted—Gills with two or more ye,ns of tollige ciulit Apply at Wateimaii Sthool, Ciiu-iiiiinti, Ohio.
Lost Tuesday—P.ni of shell iim glasses Phone Tj22’). Sidiny- Liniiti
Have your rugs, carpets, furniture eleaned by the Trojan Rug-O.-yafor Company. Wall to wall earpeting, orientals, and twist weaves a specialty. Dial 3298.
Wanted—Gill of phasing peisoiiality and well pioportioiied figuie as model for Aitist ('lull Span time Good pay Riply Aitist Club c/o Exponent.
Lost—Clii Omega pin on jiitmc giniinds in balk ol Stadium oi on obstaili ionise Cal) 5007. Rewind M, Giotiies.
Purdue Students
IS
A CLASSIFIED AD
in
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
,9 'r I
«V'
f
1 '
<0-
I )»