\>*
',-; ■) 'W-i
EDITORIAl; \ ^Wliit, Are The; Juitior^? .'Cliw ef *42' Or What?
Vdlume 53, No. 90
West Lafayette, Indiana
sroM
5-
; I
If We Only tied A
Chance To Play fO Neff f
Tuesday, January \3,
mUim.
I. U. Downs Boilermakers In Close Game 40-39
Siiil'S Register Here On Opening Day Ms Homing At 10 Of Annual Agricultural Conference
liotudents Must Collect
Money Within 12 Days ExpCCt 8,000 TO Attend
Variety Of Meetings On 5'Day Program
- J Stude^i^t book exchange will again opcA for business today in the subbasethent w(^x*kshop of the Union, with second semester books on sale
between 10 a. m. and 6 p. m. Although the sale of books has
begun, siipdents who still have books they wish to sell may bring
them to the Union workshop today, ple registered yesterday dur-
Elevei^ hundred eleven peo-
br tomorrow. Only second semester texts will be received for sdle. Students nrc at liberty to s.et the price of their books provided that it does not exceed 76 per cent of the original, v^lue of the book. Must Collect Money Promptly If books are sold the money must be collected within twelve days. Those students whose books are not sold must pick them up within twelve days. The Union will not be responsible for any books or money left after that period of time. ' In previous years it has been found that certain books have been in great demand and students desiring to sell these are urged to bring them to the Exchange immediately. Needed are 'engineering, chemistry, physics and mathematics tekts. ; All clerical work, selling and accounting at the exchange is done by Student Senate and Union workers un^er the supervision of a fourteen member board of control, j.t.k. Les Brown Will Play For Mixor Saturday In Union Ballrooms Les Brown and his orchestra will play for ah informal mixer in the Union building Saturday, Jan. 17 from 9 to 12. Brown’s band comes here from a four-month stand in the Blackhawk restaurant in Chicago. This is the most expensive band so far booked to play on the campus dui’ing this school year, but the admission price will remain $1.10. !. Broivn’s orchestra will feature himself on the saxophone and Ealph 'V'oung, formerly in Teddy Powell’s and Tommy Keynold’s band, as vocalist. Abe' Most on the clarinet, and Nat Polen on the drums will also be seen in his 16-picce band. Swing is his specialty, but he also throws in plenty of the sweet and mellow numbers, r.m.s. Peter K. Wolfe ._. , of Fail’mount, rose early yestci’day morning and drove to the campus to be the first in line at the ircgistration desk of the Ag Conference. The occasion mai'ked the sixth straight year that Wolfe has been the first i-egistrant. - Raymond Seifert and Ray Burger, from Posey county in the south’iVcstorn tip of the state, were ai'nong the other early arrivals.
ing the first day of the annual Agricultural Conference. Registration is expected to exceed 8,000 before the conference ends Friday, perhaps exceeding last year’^ figure of 8,809. The conference swings into stride and gains momentum today with sectional meetings on ten different phases of farming and farm homemaking and a general session scheduled for morning and afternoon. In addition the Rural Youth have a full afternoon and evening schedule. Rural homemakers will have both morning and afternoon forums in Eliza Fowler Hall. Themes for these forums are “The Clothes We Wear” and “The Care of the House.” J. Clyde Marquis, advisor,, office of foreign relations, U. S. D. A. will address this afternoon’s general session on ^‘Changes in World Agri-
culture.”
Sectional Meetings Spme of the more important sectional meetings involve the farm management, horticulture and livestock departments. The first two celebrate Annual Indiana Farm IVfanagement Association Day and the annual meeting of the Indiana Horticultural Society. The swine progi'am dominates the livestock
sessions.
Many speakers will address the other sections: Agricultural Engineering, Agronomy, Beekeeping, (Continued on page 4)
Indiana Hits Unbelievable Percenlage To Nose Out Suddenly-Cold RivM
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor
BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Jan. 12.—^Indiana adopted Fux’4ae'!js own style of play to come from behind in the final seeondsiiftf play and steal a hard earned victory from a decidely off fo^ Boilermaker five in a game here tonight. So close was t|ic game that many of the spectators thought that the Hooslers had gone down to defeat instead of winning by a one margin as the cold facts revealed. It was the first collegiate setback for the Boilermakers who had gained three previoos conference wins and gave the Hoosiers their fifteenth vicEtoi^
in the torrid 68 game series. ,
Although the Hoosiers took the aggressive end of play in the first instant and maintained it until the final two mintttes of the game, the story of the game was just this: The makers, especially
Blanken, were colder than little Artierica, missing numer-
ous hatd-eamed setups
the Hoosiers were hotter than ibe temper of the partisan HooMer fans. The Cream and Crimson hit the phenominal total of 17 in 63 attempts for a potent 32 per cent, while the Boilermakers made tWo less goals in 18 more attempts, 15
, , !-• of 17 shots for a mere 21 per cent. Limit During rirsf Day captain Don Blanken, playing his „ „ , „ ... third and final game in this Fieldy o oswin e house, had the tough hick to haye Second semester registration got battle the first one in his col-
Fewer Bottlenecks Make Streamlined Registration Easier Welding Courses Pass
off to its usual bustling start yesterday with many of the usual bottlenecks connected with the now tri-annual affair eliminated. Between 250 and 300 students were still in the process of I'egistering when the five o’clock buzzer sounded, ending activities for the day.
“Most Consistent Ever”
legiate career in which he weiit without a single point, and probably the first one from the start of his colorful high school playing
time.
When in the final minute of play, and with the Hoosiers holding ^a bare 38-37 lead. Frosty SproWl dumped in a beautiful arch shot
Professor D. S. Clark of the from way back, the Boilern^er school of Mechanical Engineering funs felt sure the game was 'thuns. stated that registration seemed to ®rit referee Rollie Bamum ruled
Exponent Editorial Staff All editorial staff members are to have in my box, not later than Thursday, Jan. 14, your schedules and work night preferences. To Sophomores: This means three nights, with one of them starred. This will be your late night. To freshmen: Turn in three nights, just as the sophomores do (with one starred). You will continue to work only one night a week, but there are changes coming. THERE WILL BE NO EXCEPTIONS TO THIS ON THE EDITORIAL STAFF, but does not apply to members of the sports, coed or business staffs. —RUFFNER
£.C.Vo(}Ajq '’me.P/iQE^^^eNs^g ti6.couX)m AGRICULTURAL CONFERENCE LEADERS pictured above include President E. C. Elliott, who welcomed conferees yesterday; Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agriculture; Dr. T. K. Cowden of the University farm management department who discussed "Inflation—^What Is It?" and the five who took part in a panel discussion of the problems that lie ahead for the farmer, Dr. E. C. Young of the University; Mrs. Page Bronnenberg of Anderson; Carl Mullen, Hammond; B. S. Swezey, Lafayette, and Hassil Schenck of Indianapolis. Corn Growers Honor Cowden States Wiancko At Banquet Wi// Higjilighting the first day’s program of the Agricultural Cause Inflation Conference was the aniwial banquet of the Indiana Corn Growers Association held last night in the south ballroom qf the Union. Over 500 farmers, corn growers, extension men and members of the state association attended the banquet and the University farm management witnessed the unveiling'of Prof. A. T. Wiancko’s portrait and department yesterday declared that
the crowning, of Indiana’s International and State grain
and hay kings.
Joy Gayle, I'epresentative of the fertilizer industry, praised Wiancko’s work in his talk entitled "Our Appreciation.’’ T. A. Coleman of the University staff presented the portrait to the University and gave some of history
him to be tbe most consistent be travelling on the play and ^ eveij* seen it; that is, that every one ^1^® Boilermakers could recover,'1^8 was equally busy all the time. Hoosiers x'aced the ball fhe len;^
Usually the class booths are worked ^1*® court^into the waiting
very hard the first day, with the Andy Zimmer. The Indiana caj|-
various school tables doing all the passed to big Ed Denton business thereafter. No explanation ^1^® winning score.
was given for the unusual situa- In the few remaining secoi^a tion. Howard Hoffman, who came itt'pn
Because the University was at- Menke’s fourth pei’sonal, stole
tempting to do the usual three day hooked in his typical Up
task in two^ days, it was thought for another tally. The
before registi’ation that many diffi- sophomore, playing inspired b^.fn cUlties would arise. The fact that ^^al minutes, again imraedip^
students did not have the usual time stole the ball and was off
to fill out I’ailroad tickets and to pay dirt just as the final gun fir^.
make out their schedule had also Lanky A1 Menke, playing in
been advanced as a possible cause structure in which his binthers^^for more delay. The fact that regis- oame famous, gave the Hoosi^S
Speaking at the opening session of the annual Agricultui’al Conference yesterday, T. K. Cowden of
State Highway Engineers Will Meet On Campus Next Monday For Annual Four-Day Road School
back of the porti'ait gallery located in the Agricultural Experiment Station. Dean H. J. Reed of the agricultural school accepted the porti'ait and Prof. Wiancko responded by expressing his apprecia-
tion.
Since 1903
Wiancko, who has been a member of the agi’onomy staff since 1903 and head of that department since 1911, will soon I’etire and this por-
ti-ait will be hung in the Experiment company this war
considerable inflation is inevitable as a result of the nation’s war ef-
fort.
Cowden observed that “Sufficient price control cannot be applied to prevent a considerable amount of inflation.” He amplified this statement by recalling experience in former war periods as “history is a good teacher.” Three previous major wars in our history have been characterized by price inflation which he said will very likely ac-
Importance of a good highway system to the proper military movement of men and material in the pre.sent national defense efforts will be the theme of the 28th annual fpur-day University Road School to be hold on campus beginning next Monday. > The responsibilities of state and
local road officials have increased n^oi’nmg, Jan. 20
city officials is expected.
The opening night smoker next Monday will featui-e Prof. G. E. Davis of the education department and the showing of several films. A new highlight of the school just intx'oduced this year is a special traffic
session scheduled for
highway design, construction, main-
tenance and conti’ol. Road Show Discontinued
Another session will be held Wednuesday replacing the usual Road Show. This year the Road Show was discontinued upon the decision of
ues ay Highway Materials and Equip-
ment Association because of the
greatly since our entrance in the war due to the increased load expanding defense industries have put oil highways. 'The purpose of the Road School is to inform road men ho>v they may discharge their du
Discuss Pai’king Problems present demand for prompt delivThe traffic session will be attend- ei'ies of I’oad equipment as soon as
it is manufactured. The funds ordinax'ily devoted to the show will be used for the other entertainments
during the week.
The school will close Thursday night, Jan. 22, with a banquet presided over by President Elliott. Gov.
ed by traffic engineers, county engineers and city engineers. The topic of discussion will be the problem of handling the many city traf-
ties more efficiently and economi- fie and parking difficulties incurred cally. by the increase of defense traffic in
City Engineers Must Come the past months.
According to legislation recently There will be a general session Henry F. Schricker will give a short passed all city engineers must at- Wednesday morning, Jan. 21, at Informal address and Walter H.
tend the Road School with expenses which the Joint Highway Research Bluchei-, Executive Director of the awards were Carl Fischer, Waldron, paid by their cities. Ben H. Petty, Project will present reports on its American Society of Planning Of- 1941 state corn champion; Roy professor of highway engineering findings. The reports to be given ficials of Chicago, will speak on Snoeberger, Rockfield, 1941 state and chairnxan of the Road School, ax'e aimed at all engineers and of- “Planning for the Post War Pe- reserve corn champion; Virgil Anetated that a large attendance of ficials connected with street and riod,” k.r. (Continued on page 2)
Station in his honor.
Lt. Governor Charles Dawson was present at the banquet and gave a short talk in which he stressed the importance of Agidculture during’ the present emergency. Crown Hay, Grain Kings Main feature of the evening was the crowning of hay and grain champions with President E. C. Elliott acting as official crowner. Among those honored at last night’s banquet were Floyd Hiner, LewisC ville, who shared the international corn king honors with E. W. Doubet, Hanna City, 111.; C. E. Troyer, LaPontaine, international reserve corn champion, and Hubert Meyer, Greensburg, international reserve
junior corn champion.
George Sauerman, Crown Point, was given special recognition because he was both champion and reserve champion in the international hay show. Others receiving
War Effort Cause The tremendous effort to shift from a peace time to a war-time economy is the basic cause of inflation, emphasized Dr. Cowden. Notwithstanding the present inflation problems facing the counti’y, transition from the war basis to a peace time economy again may present even more (ilifficulty and hai’der adjustments. Calling on figures to support his testimony, Dr. Cowden gave a very gi’aphic illustration of the magnitude of war expenditures. Speaking in terms familiar to his audience the economist said that while the national budget calls for 56 billion dollars in the fiscal year 1942-’43, “all the farms in the United States, including the land, buildings, fences, 'livestock and equipment are only worth about 58 billion dollars.” Far Reaching Effects We may expect, he said, far I'eaehing effects upon our economy resulting from the program and px'ices are expected to rise as high if not higher than in the last in(Continued on page 2)
tration ran smoother than usual remains more of a mystery. Welding Course Full The hopes of anxious coeds who wished to register for the women’s welding coui’se were quenched last night as Professor Lindley announced that the limit of 35 as the maximum number who can take the coui’se was passed as eight coeds and 36 members of the clerical staff had ah’eady signed for the course. The men’s similar defense course which can handle 70 men at a time is also full with 40 more men on the waiting list. Plans for the wonxen’s courses which are to be offered by the military department are not as yet completed. WBAA Entertains Ag Conference Visitors / WBAA offered a version of their “Oampfts'Varieties” show at Eliza Fowler Hall last night as the evening entertainment for those attending the Agricultural Conference. Larry Myers as master of ceremonies did a capable job of showing how the weekly radio fea-i ture is handled. Talent for the show consisted of Cris Schenkel, John Powell, Tom McCx’um, Becky Ann Pervine, Caroline Wood, Joyce Burnham and Russ Grafnitz. Standing in view of
plenty of doubts as to where tbi best Menke went to school. The tall sophomore faked the best Indiajxa defensive men ragged, and contihT ued his fighting manner »f the Ohio State fracas while netting
nine tallies.
Steady Frosty Sprowl played one of the greatest games of his ente^ against the tough guarding of Ah^ Zimmer to lead the losers in sete'-
ing with 13 points.
Little Ix'vin Swanson, probably the hero of the tilt for the Hoo» siers, was high scorer of the battle with 14 points while big Ed Denton tied Sprowl’s total of 13. S^wanson’s long shot, completely void of arch or aim, was the factor wliich really kept the winnexr’s spaih, alive, hitting shots from way oat at the crxicial moments. A true account of the game eioi^not be written without mention ^ the ragged officiating on the of both referee Barnuim and pire Cax'l Townsend. AltixoOgh equally unjust for both sides. It was a disturbing factor in fch® game. The Hoosiers fought ha;^ throughout the tussle, making the most of everything that even looked like an opportunity; the
(Continued on page 4)
Given To Play Friff^ For DeMolay Dan^ Irv Given will supply the rhy^ipi
the audience, control men managed Friday night, when the Tippecah^
the recordings which were played between skits and numbers. Campus banter, via the sweetshop, and similar skits made up a large portion of the program. g.w.s.
Tuesday Expo Staff Work will begin at 2 p. m. day. Be there. —Kieper
to-
Order of DeMolay opens the dobirs on their sport dance in the Nojeth ballroom of the Union. The will be open to the public Wd last from 9 to 12. Tickets for.tl^ informal affair, priced at $14Q, 93^ on sale at the west desk of the ion and will be on sale at the doG^ Backdrop for the dapee 'wjljl ture the DeMolay escutcheon, crossed swords, crown, and emblematic figures, s^w, ’
Vfi, '7
''H
•Si A'“ i . / Purdue Exponent
happened at Purdue since we left
llo^'*^hristTnafe vacation ;'tfte changes in the db1ii§dh1e and plans of studj^^ have come so fast •that most of us are a little breathless trying tOiJtoee® ..up .with, them. University officials h^hii^n faced with many problems brought a)^htiiby> thevwa ; many >of them^ have been licked, but a great number are yet to be spli!^, Administrative officials are discussing cdfiid^him changes, fclasanttendance regulatidiis, dfaft defeilmehtsv ptoper balance betw^tt class and aetiVlty work, and other sim- , ilar problems; fratei’nities and sororities are lm^3r:6piaimin^ . means ■ for increasing house bil^ and placing 'the organizations on a fUllyear basisifiA StudeiTt War Council haS' been
■Me,, They In?,,,;: would be the sCene of a civil war if the juniors tried to-'annex the title 6f ^“Cla8s of ’4S.*’'I'' : After getting out our slide rule, integrating between the proper limits, and using ten sheets of paper, we. .find that this .same double., graduation in one year will again occur in 1944,.when the .present freshmen,, who were; the “Class of ’45,” and those who enter the University next May will graduate in. the same year. Which one of them Will be the
“Glass of’44?” -
This is going to cause plenty of' trouble when there are class reunions in the future. There will" be two classes gathering under the *42 dr ^44 banner, arid the old grads are going to become sb confused that they won’t
aptkdhtied- and hbw has dn imposing list of ' know when they graduated.; Also' the; hthletic
department is going to have to decide what they are going to put on numeral sweaters. One solution would be to call the class'graduating in May the “Class of’42,’* and thbse graduating in December something like the
“Class of ’42-|-, or ’42’, or '42V2-”
pitippsed' projects. But everyone seems to ha^e forgotten one problem that is going to capse somebody a lot of confusion in the fu-
ture:
“What are we going to call the present jun-
ior'class?”
' They will graduate next December, but they can’t be called the “Class of ’42” because that’s the present senior class. The seniors Would be justly aroused if the juniors were put into their class, and the campus
“^ilForestry ClWb* To Show 0^dyie Ort Tdi^
■ ;>i J|'pret,tvy’''CJ(Ub will, ‘hold
::-me.p1;ing •Wniklltdl' in.thd^oi‘t-,,j) .dcdlture building at, whicHc'the .inov--ing pictui’e “Highlights pf Amer^^ icati Walnut” will be shown. It tells the history of the usefulness of ■ -walnut and -discusses- it 'qualities. ;'B>uj!hiture style periods are outlined ,.ahd . examples .are shown of , .the .
styles available in walnut,
be restored to Army rolls.
,,.:So /ffar, the '.War .'.Depsii't^pent. knows, nothing about; .it. ,>dd(citilly. 'However, when Liridbfergh’s' formal application is received it will be approved and he Will be assigned to active duty. ,4P]P.roval will be routine, sinpe .under Army Rroee^ure,-. reserve commissions arpi reinstated without 'delay if request is -made within 12 months after resignation.
^ .... After the lapse of a<;year, such apMen's , Practices ,p]jicatiops,are,han4led just as.orig-
. ^ rt, ^ ^ ^ 'ii ^ ^
Tuesday^ January]
'By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien
;-TOKYO-
-BERLIN,
ihiiftaaa ■ ^oamoi———-
awoM
•^'Seifi^e'Itapprt Ex^irtcd To Condemn 'One Dollar
...-A'
WASHlNGT(i)N,,Jan,,l?. —...fhe inal requests.^ But it was only aeyen. next, report of . Senator-HaiTy S. .monthsvago that Lindbergh quit. Truman’s war contracts investigat- Note: Since the outbreak of war ing. comipittee will be. the hottest,-in.the.Pacific,.;St:ripling.'Army-pilots
We might also'btirig Up’Idle pfobl'em'bf^.y^^^^ ^ .. ; • > i .almost daily,, are; pqiforui^i^^^ feats
when are the seniors' thut;vid'll:-gfli'duate''In ,,,;,h|owi,,boing ,propayed by. thy,]dis--r;Of/daripg and okill;flyipgbig:bQm^^ December going to start weating their - sen-^- ■ - iSenator,. apd, his, ..yWe.; chief, ops .yast; .distances, .fliaf .lyake the ior corfi'?*^ ....cpunyelv^Hugh A,.;EuWon,.the;ryp.ort ,,first,trana-Atlantic;fligh,t^.look,.like
XT i. • . . .j ,11 .. . ’■WiU!giyefDpM,a;fiare-knuPkied,go-yfiUiateuniaviatipn..FOT Quick, Hemy, bring us a padded cell. ing-pver.for.jfailipg.piQre effectively ,sons the,,stpry of,these spectacular ■ "I t.i -I -Ill ■ I f liii-iiiiii.1-M •-..ui, I'/ ■ to. apjiiizp -the. aafi.on,’s ,j,,iadustyial,:fiight,s ,no.w.'Cannot be disclosed. But Cl.- b •■' A' vA A systemfor war.jprpduction. later it will be one of: the truly
than^ur Sdective S™^ucstiaMairp4.:?pyfhe
next 84 minutes we sat m the,•un-eushipned,seats, and -’-'IV. .'‘'f. _ e'Ai^ri..ii T vL.. bk ■ ■- ' ‘
strained our necks to .see wii.at secfipns^wer.e. clpsed
see wnat sections .-were cipsed 'j ,iv,rr,A'> / . vil ' * 'il.. is oiir &aft'boavdwitha rail- .; :The f iireau.pf Mifies,rpppntly;f lpil’t me^n- tho^hufedr-men . ceiyed a;Bhpnc.,call faQin.an;9ffici
“We’ve Done It Before—and We Can Do It Again!” was .the ditty we were singing this morning as we donned our arriior and prepared to register for the second semester. Next we walked across the deserted campus to arrive at the Wed door of the Armoryafter standing iii line for several 60-mihute periods we began to feel like a bunch of Italian prisoners in Libya posing for a Newsreel. After arriving at the door we had to show that guy with the bayonnet in our ribs that we-had a passport, a registration card from last semester, and OU1-, nationality papers. Then we had to prove to him that the bulge in our pocket was not a camera, but only ;permits to get in wrong divisions so we won’t have, eight-o’clocks. (The Armory is getting- harder to,..g.et; in than those Saturday night buse'b.) Opr troubles really began after we got our assignment cards and a blank registration card. (A blank registration, card—one that takes longer to fill out
and how far behind us
road ticket—-and we dpfi’t mean, those;
and blue-fbr.-Women ^ things. .How hid they find’-out so. soon that we didn’t make a 3.5 index ? Someone
has been reading our post-cards!
Time moves slowly'on and so 'does j;hat; guy in front-of us. After getting 'pur ,^,,c.lasS-cards, (classcards—^those things . that -look ■ like a page from a math book; numbers everywhere, but, only a few can understand them) we passed through the. first bunch of “censors” and come upon another set of un-cush-ioned seats and tables with initials in them that
looked likb tank-traps.
.top-.ta-bottqjpthe - 0PM, which he will recommend .shpi|ildbciind.crtnkpfij*W’”?4.!?i*^®j Tn,hlakfiyg ,-j(hp,, Dpllay,A-^^ ' .ers, . thy 'rep.9yjt \^ill ,,chargy thpt jHiany, pfitheip, jundyr thp ypretpnse pf,“giv|pg” iifieii;, .sej^yipqs .t.o .the : goyonfimyiit,,. fiay®\AU pxplpitp^ jbeir official positions to get juicy contracts for th.eir. cor-
, poratipns. .
Also, unless a, change-is made in the Trumah-Puiton .dra.fit, the report will deelare biuntly that many of these Dollar-A-Year men have
:l’e-
official
of the OPji,;metnls a,nfi.|pinerfils division asking nbput :“;bi“dss mines.” ‘flyhati.are ,ypvi 4,1'yihS tp, do, kid us?” said a, BM. expert. , “Wfiat.dp .you mppn, kid yqu,” protested tfie .OPM,-:er. “I’m, serious. \Ve want to find out, all we . can about brass mines — .how many there are in the country, where located and the total an.piigl produptipn of brass pref’ “filister,rWe’d fike'awfully much . tp, accomn^odnte you,”; wap the ,iflabber-gapted. reply. “But any schoolboy can tell you, that there just is po such animal as a brass mipe. Brass is an , alloy made chiefly, of, cppper and zinc.” “Oh,’ ’was the startled gasp from the pPM end of the, line. . Note: Testifying before the
The last mile .wasn’t so bad.. After'getting, by four rows of “gestapos,” we missed, getting our pictures
taken (with the numbers'under them), and Walked y'’' ^ .c
'A-i. T1 r' ‘ - been undercover lobbyists for their bravely up to the stooge that took all the,;inQpey we .c', - ■
had (Roosevelt couldn’t .be there in'Ipersonj." After-Vi ' ‘ i ' i ^
getting outside, and getting three long breaths of
fresh air-the men in white coats took us krvay in'f ^ puipbyr,,pf„tbem
straight jackets. We get out for the meWt rcgistra-
tion day—Feb. 16, but that won’t be as tough—here ^ salaries they have continued fjo.use Appropriatrons , GommrHee, we choose our classes and divisions, in the army they'*”' companies while^ David A. Uebelacker, chief of the pick your camp and cbihihission you as yardbifd.- r.t.e. gpveruinent for copper, section of the 0PM mater- - ■ • ■ ■ .nothing. ials diyision, admitted that he had -x., , .i-'v; : ; Note; OPM. noW ihas, 240 .Dollar- j^q previous experience in the.copg-^ Y", ,,A-Year.and ‘WGG”. rrlen on its^ pgj, “j came to the.cop^Om. 'xjrrOtPPrS ' rolls. Jt,.costs the FBI $250 per man pgj. j^panch without,; any ..previous (Coiitinued &ompage'ij ■ . said, “other . than germier, Mt.Vei-npn, state 4-H corn u n' lY . what .general knowledge the averchampion; Peter Lux, Jr., state '4-11 ^ ° coming to
reserve corn champion; H. C. Bar- The report will say that the-probe rett, Ft. Branch, state five acre uncovered no technical violayield champion, and Elden Neal I’egidatioir barring 0PM
It. didn’t take the war long to change-the radio piPture, as you listeners should be able to tell by now.’ Some very strange things developed backstage, also. The Columbia Broadcasting System, in order to, prevent its stars being caught in a West Coast blackout, is .holding rehearsals in daylight these days. On the East Coast, the WOE show “Moonlight Saving Time,” .with Jerry Lawrence, has dropped all request numbers as a precaution against possible code use of recorded requests by enemy agents. Strapger things will probably happen when the war advances another stage. Tom Slater, unofficial liason officer between the Anny and the radio public on his “This Is Fort Dix” show each Sunday over Mutual at 1:30 p.m., chanced to drop a remark during his last broadcast of 1941. He simply said, after interviewing a Southern soldier wlio ■\vas interested in Northern hospitality, “I
is spoken in jest—especially on the
; air.
The letters began streaming in. Many, many girls, it seems, are in-tei-ested in Romance. Uncover this astounding- fact and mix it with a liberal dose of patriotism, and you have some idea of Slater’s mail
smce the new year began.^Gut of Ro“nmeyrstrtrsoybean yield contTst handling contracts in the assortment, he culled the ±ol- which former business associate.-!
Elliott Speaks
In a short talk after the crowning, President Elliott reminded the
Students interested in’'first aid may sign up for a special Ame'rican>-Red Gross -course to be offered this semester for the--first time as a part of the X^niyersity curriculum. The cQUrse may be taken for either two or three hours credit, and classes will -meet for 'one three hour session each Thursday night from 7 to 10 p. m. Students Who;: satisfactorily complete a:-ten week’s course devoted' to beginning and advanced first aid wilT receive two hours of credit, and those who show aptitude may take an-addition-al,six -weeks of; Iqy instruction for .another hour’s credit. Completion of the lay instruction work -will certify the student'to teach first aid. and , to app;.:ove standard and ad-vanced-ratings for students. No Tuition Charged There will be no : charge except for equipment used, and the course will be open to aU students. University employees, and wives of faculty members, The course is optional with all students except those ih the Pharmacy School, for whom it is required. Students who wish to take the course should sign up at registration in the Armory. Men students register with the division of physical education for men for PEM 80, and women students with the department of physical education for women for PEW 80. University employees and wiv^s of faculty members register tomorrow and Tuesday at the office of the president. Field Representative Here The School of Physical Education for Men, the department of physical education for women, the School of Pharmacy, the Student Health Service, and the Lafayette Chapter of the American Red Cross will Cooperate to .offer the instruction in first aid, and a field representative of the American Red Cross will assist the University staff in conducting the lay instructors’ course, s.e.b.
Distinctive Porlraitui-e OLAN MILL’S-.STUDIO “The Natio}i'’s Studio'’ Phone 3414. 205 E. Slate
Major Joseph':Sw More,, 'bfliih'e^. Aviation Gadei.. Exfiminiagi.LJtoafici,;; will be on camptis'between Jffinuaty 27 and February 3 for the purposd of ‘interviewing ailplioants-:£(3r.9podi^.. tions, in (the Air Corps. . .. -SincfiMajor Morels :fir$tyisiilkSt.. , year, several drastic changes,fiavei.: been -made in-the entrance requirements. Full information, can be; ofi-. tained from the Adjutant’s office , the Armoi'y. j.t.k. Gowden . , (.Continued from -page,,l) _ ^ flatipnary tiperiQd.iHe - emfihaSikea;; that few i^epple :^’,ealize that the ri^fi and -fall ipfiiprlcee' period .'occupyia iperibdibf drdiihdidifi’i years. Only the rise is ..e;wi^t. .Pps^ war priPes declihe'.‘more ireisprelY^' requiring years to • reach ipif-eiWar;, levels. . , , ; ' - During, the, subseqqent pandifiis-: mission which wasidireCtedibyiTrof. E. G. Young, Dr. Co-wden aijsiycr.ed questions of panel membeysf pnd, persons in the audienCe who demanded “reasons and explanations.” Menibei's of the panels who. aur swered Prof. Young’s questions were Mrs. Page Bronnenberg, president of the Indiana -Home Ecbn.oniics Association; Carl.Mullen, prepi- ■ dent. State Federatipn of Labor; Burr. S. Swezey, president of the Lafayette N'ationaTBank; and Hassil E. Schenck, president of .the Indiana Farm Bureau. '
FRESH FRIED TENDERLOIN DELICIOUS HAMBMRSERS
345 State St.
lowing- gems, which should be passed on-to posterity, no doubt; 1. A coy miss, who will be 16 in
a month, wants to meet and/or cor- x . ... 1 -xu 1 1 ij- TT group that they should have patrirespond with a lonely soldier. Her ,. ,.x • , ■ • .
otic thoughts in their minds and he
father was in the Navy, and she prefers soldiers. 2.A devil-may-care young- thing, who claims “I can be an excitingmatch for any Southerner.” She wants to show the Southern boys that the North can be really hospitable “in spite of its hard-shelled
exterior.”
All of which probably comes under the heading- of morale.
Wesley Foundation Opens
Chapel For Meditation Wesley Foundation, housed now
in its temporary headquarters at 116 Sheetz street, has constructed a small “Wesley Chapel” for all students who care to use it for meditation and prayer. This chapel is on the second floor of the Foundation’s Educational building, and is
are interested. However, the' report will charge that some Dollar-A-Year men have helped their companies; get big-profit contracts by
surreptitious devices.
xv,„ X 1 XI •• such device is to give their requested them to do somethibg-' , ^ j_.. ...i..-,,: .,..1, -firms advance tips on orders, a trc-
each -day which would add to the
strength of the nation.
Entertainment for the ' banquet was furnished by a girls’ trio from Camden and a ventriloquist from Porter County. Former champions were introduced and plans for the week’s program were presented to the .members of tlie association.
Personnel Notes
think I’ll start running a military open every day and evening.
Romance Bureau.”
Tom wasn’t particularly serious.
All seniors taking a chemistry major who -ivish to have a job should report their ti'aining, desires as to employment and other information helpful in placing them to the of-
fice of Prof. E. F. Degering in room Human nature being what it is, 422 of the Chemistry Building. Dollar-A-Ycar man cannot bo cxThere are also a number of as- Pected to forget the interests of his .sistantships for the coming school ‘company, especially while he is still
Gifts of $9,200,000 have been'i’e- year in the department of chejnistry the payroll of that company.”
i-U X.. TT„i 'j. --J* X.. ^ ] xt -L^ „i_ ix-A x'i._ • A XA/tsllt/'e I
mendous advantage to a bidder. Another is to advise their firms on “how to g-o about” getting a contract, who to see, the amount to bid, and so on. Also, the Dollar-rV-Year boys are in a position to know of impending shortages of certain materials and to help their companies out by giving them inside information on when and how to
stock up.
Truman’s report will strongly recommend that the government either pay Dollar-A-Year and “WOC” men regular salaries or get rid of them. As now written,
the report declares:
“No man can serve two masters, his company and the government.
Washington, Uebelacker was an
engineer.
« Merry-Go-Round
Handsome Lend-Lease Administrator Edward Stettinius, who was a A. U. Steel chief before coming to Washington, had a lot to do with starting- the ball rolling on the OPM order stopping the produc-, tion of autos. He sent a sharp letter to SPAB vigorously urging that" auto-making be ended ... Commerce Secretary Jes.se Jones .has so many jobs he hasn’t time to readx long letters or memos. He has issued a departmental order saying, “While letters and inter-office memoranda should properly and- courteously express their purpose, I suggest they be as short as possible, since few people have time to read long communications careful- ■
ly.” ■ ■ •
(Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
for he has enough to keep him busy ported to the University of Chicago available to chemistry majors, with his show and his full-time job fiftieth anniversary fund, out of a , Those interested in such positions as Sports Director of MBS—but he final goal of $12,000,00’6 to be raised should report at once to Prof , found out that many a true word within the next ten years. Degering’s -office.
puhdusL £ypmmtL All-American T940-*41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ^ and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subascriptions, $4.00.
A Gdimr-iri-'Chief. H 'Kews ;SiUtor •'■Bports Editor. .
...Ned A.< Ochiltree BusinesH Manager.. ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor..... .Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Leland W. KufTner Kuth Kose
'Publication Staff vJSdlturisl Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. ArmBtronB. Il. T. Brorhy, .iy. .Ji.- L. Uadlry, F. L-JoitoB, E. G. Kiepor. Sparts Staff: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cbatfi.eld, Jane Ramsdell. ■ - ’ Associate Editors
.Business Staff Coed: Business Manacer: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local ,Advertising Managers; K. K. GJemre, It. E. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia . Martin,
-Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Itepresented for national advertising by 'National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Reprosentatives. i'M Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. •
Staff For This Issue
BUffiit'BdltoM tArgiotrong Day Editor:-KsaiMlell
Issue Editor: Kuuuemorc Sports Editor: Keeler
Reporters: A, 1.. .Slone, .J. Kin:brell, K. A. Kio.ison, R. M. Selineider, G. W. Starr, T. M. Davi.s.
Wally's l.ast Trip
. It did not leak out at the time,, but just a few days befoi-e Peai'l Harbor the Duke and Duchess of Windsor were preparing to take a,^ trip to Mexico on the “Southern ; Cross,” famous yacht of Axel Wen-.. ner-Gren, mysteridus Swedish in-;
dustrialist.
Wennet'-Gi-en, who had been en-/ tertaining- the niece of the Mexican. president on the yacht, actually r started- for Nassau to pick up the Duke and his Duchess when the; war broke. But the Dukg changed his mind, He decided to stick to, his job in Nassau. 9 Colonel Lindbergh The colonel’.s commission discard-.. ed la.st year by Charles. Lindbergh' while waging- his bittei- isolationist, ci-usade will be reinstated by the War Department—when his formal application has been received. As this i.s written-it has not - yet regehed the M’ar Departm.ent. 'J'lie ex-hero signified his desire ; to regain his reserve commission in a personal letter to General "Hap” Arnold, chief of the Air Corps and an old friend. It was Arnold who gave out He iioitb story that Liudhergh wanfad to
LEARN TO DANCE CLASSES OPEN FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ^ BEGINNERS Wed., Jah. 28, 7:30 p. m, TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS , ADVANCED Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
full and Ferrv
umnnETtt NOW PLAYING Tfirisc^EfiNf
JAKE WrWAN «"<■ iww 8wg^B(gng
TODAY
A big, merry action-musical paced by a half dozen Rodgers., and Hart hit tunes!
WEDNESDAY
J«ine»£Ui$«n Alberto'Vila Buddy Ebsen Dioia GoatoHo RKO RADIO Picluri
AND 'TWO GUN SHERIFF' -—WITH — DON BARRY —— ALSO -——-—
"SEA RAIDERS," SERIAL
TODAY - TOMOJIROW nATTEe MAH cunts A W VANCE pN A -nit’s rompin’, stompin’ time w/t/i
MAY ROBSON • PATSY KEllY • PETER UNO HAYES W KAY KYSER’S BAWP feitturipg Harry Babbitt, Ish Kabibbk, Sully Mason ADDED March of'Time's "OUR AMERICA AT WAE"
LUliA ITOdXy - WED. — 2 HITS ELECTED BY A LAUGHSLIDE!
SALUTE TO fomr ■
WITH WILLIAM TRACY lAMES GLEASON
..if-
I;
ftiy4
U. f 'L
k , A
pte^nfing,,.
< i-
Tuesfday, January 13, T942
I’agta 3
Riveter Wrestling Sguad To Start Dual Meets Coach C. C. Reeckrs Riveter wrestlers, first places out of eight to triumplt
time at the Midwest A. A< U; me^, DecetnhOr Ih^ ihblding daily drills in prepamtimffeti4hmr seimid^:r^e6t^ the season against Findlay here aFinfhdry^l. " ^ ^ ^
. Leadlngf dmti^d^iifyM' ’
The fSlldvtiv^^^
are dassetf as ptcfi^ite
Btg Ten
Illinois
Northwestern PURDUE,.
'Iowa .
Minnesota .
Indiana
Ohio State Michigan Wisconsin
Chicago
Standings
W. L. PcUPts.O.P. 3 0 1.000 157 129
1 .750 184 109 1 .750 184 109 1 .750 181 158 1 .750 198 173 2 .500 161 186 3 .250 123 159 3 .250 126 152 3 .250 165 166 i .000 132 242
Forvmrd
Cecil Polk Boy Don Brewer Flashy Cecil Polk, midget guard on Piggy’s title-bound quintet, made a name for himself in Boilerliiaker basketball two weeks ago when he was the outstanding defensive player in the Bulldog-Riv-eter fi'acas in the Butler Pieldhouse. “Gee,” as he is called by his bucketball intimates, did a vei’y successful job of guarding two offgnsive Butlerites at the same time, making it possible for a tight un-der-the-basket defense as the Boilermakers swept to a 50-34 victory. Won Ten High School Letters Hailing from Rochester High School where he earned 10 athletic letters, four in golf, three in track, and three in basketball, Polk, a senior in the science school, has
Last' Nij^hf-'s Scores Michigan, 34; Northwestern, 32. Illinois, 58; Ohio State, 49. Minnesota, 41; Iowa, 39. Wisconsin, 56; Chicago, 24.
played two years of varsity ball under Lambert. He received a major “P” award last year. He was Rochester’s co-captain when it went to the state in 1937 and tied for pole-vault honors in Class B track competition in the ICokomo relays. Cecil is one ol the smallest Gold and Black harwood regulars, standing only 6 ft. 8 in., tipping the scales at 151 pounds, but his quick thinking and shiftiness have made him a strong defensive man. His favorite hobby is golf, but he finds plenty of time to coach the teams of Chauncey House, S.C.A., of which he is a popular, congenial member. Cecil Polk’s science major and physical education minor are leading him into a high school basketball coaching job—he hopes.
tk Sports Sestapo
By phil jdlmiilin
Editor’s Note: Phil Johnson, Sports Ed, abdicated to' pioomingtqn for the HoosierBoilermaker free-for-all. John Keeler, Associate,'Ed, also evacuated ye olde sports office.
Intromurcd
<^IIews By Bob Krieger
for the ebntpetittg ' respective ivet^ttfiSi ' 5'
121
numeral ‘winner
Interfraternity squash'enters the and Malcolm (Midkey) quaiier-^finals today. Eight teams sojphdmore. * have survived the initial competi- 128 lbs.—CapL Cdsey tion, each winning three times with- senior. Fredericks has been i opt suffering a single setback. from his regular fZi ' Squash Quarter FitlaliUfs more general feant
Sigma Phi Epsilon, the defending champions, will face Sigma Nu;
Delta Chi will square off* with 'Sig- A.A.U. He is
Don Brewer holds the bag‘ Resdlts are herewith enclosed
Down' here in' the basement of the Union, in the Exponent editorial
office, where sports writers fear to tread, a portable radio is annoffneing _ _
the fact that Indiana’s Swanson, just swished through a long shot to ima'Chi; Sigma Alpha" Mnwill b^tie ™ the 121 lb, put the Hoosiers’ ahead 20-12. Oh, mef All the eds and coeds gather phi Rappa Sigma; and Bfeta'Sigma —Mark. Metovina, sa9>bo>
, Psi Will be matched with Alpha Tau
Omega.
round, afraid to 'listen, and yet afraid not to listen
^ Physical 'Preparedness
Getting away from the basketball world a second, one of the innumerable 20-year-old male students on the campus was heard moaniijg yesterday, “Woe, woe. PEM 12 next semester.” No doubt with the inauguration of the new 20-44 draft registration this February the - pipnship. University will take steps to include-the new registrants in the alrleady-
more.
145 lbs.—Bob Beht, jardtifr letter* man; and Warren -Gregory, sopb* omore. " » 155 lbs.—Roger Glasmamand dha
Paratore, both sophs.
165 lbs.—Velmar Davis^ sppMo* more; and Joe Hlinka, junior ma*
large ranks of PEM 12 members. Dubbed “Purdue’s gripe course” by haskettoll side jor letter -winner, a few consistent hecklers on the campus, the physical preparedness ^ ^ ^ ence, we n e ass 175 lbs. ^Bill Thompson and
The four winners in the quarterfinals 'will meet in the semi-finals, and then the two remaining survivors Will fight it out for the cham-
Thompson
boys engaged in the quarter- Warren Eviston, both^^miors; and finals. Class B' hardwood competi- Harbld Wann, sophomore, tion will begin soon. "Heavyweights—^Italo Rossi, "jda« Ward basketball shows* the fol- ior; arid Ptank-^Ruggieri, junioririalowing Class A. teams fighting it jor letterm'an. ^ out in the quarter-finals: Ward 21, UnderTfelassmen-Ranlr'High 23, 10, 24, 6, 31, 3, 29, and 25. The '^hese Selected -''WrroHers
, , ,, . , „ defending champions. Ward 21, form a promising-a^gregaMop'^ior
h»ve.lr.ad,bee„ Wd.«t»f n«t fear etoce .aIjr.w..W^.
program has already added greatly to the strength of some 1,000 male
students. .
► It Develops He-Meii_
According to statistics compiled by Dr. Floyd Eastwood, the men can now do 23 push-ups, whgreas they used to do only 16. Pull-ups have increased from a 4.89 average to 7.51, and the jump and i-each
Comfort and Security . . -Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blozer Tap Room Walnut Room Cale Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
. . . Erwin Swanson, five foot, ten inch Hoosier sharpshooter, was the “Dead Eye Dick” who was largely responsible for the Boilermaker’s first Big Ten loss of the season via Indiana’s one point margin. Swanson, substituting for Ralph Hamilton, regular starter, sunk seven long loopers along with a pair of free tossers to take Scoring laurels with 16 points. IM Schedules
SQUASH Tuesday, January 13 * Courts 1, 2, 3 7 00 SiRma Phi Epsilon vs SiRma Nu 7 41 SiRma Alpha Mu vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8 30 Delta Chi vs Sicrma Chi BASKETBALL Court 1 7 00 Ward'20 vs Ward 2'> 7 Vj Ward 24 vb Waid 2b 8 00 Caiy Hall 14 vs Caiy Hall 10 Gates and Barnard Court 2 7 00 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Theta Xi 7 15 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta Theta Pi 8 00 Phi Kappa Tau vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8 15 Alpha lau Omega vs Kappa Sigma liaftcrty-Emerson
last spring with an enrollment of 223 students, and now, with the advent of a wider age bracket in the selective service, the enrollment in the course will probably run as high as 1800 men.
► "Brown Bomber Out?
It looks as though Joe Louis might finally be retiring—in favor of a new occupation. Brown Bomber Joe will enlist in the Army—to avoid the draft. After his two-minute fiooring of title aspirant Buddy Baer heavyweight champ Louis took steps for his physical and soon contenders will be sparring for the world title. . . unless . . . And that’s unless the Army grants him permission to continue to defend his crown while in Uncle Sam’s services. Jf Joe becomes a physical education instructor, as officials have hinted, then he probably will. Incidentally, ' Louis has brought hi a total of $2,263,784.28 in his 56 fights since 1934.
► Flash!
Back to the Boilermaker spoits .. . and Einie Moiehouse from WBAA
says the score is 37-37 . . . whew! ^ Gophers Lose Bierman
“What about Minnesota’s 1942 football team?” the Big Ten grid fans aie ciying. The latest repoit is that Bernie Bierman.Omentor since 1933, will go on active duty with the Marine Corps. The conference champs will be looking for another leader. Bernie, who has kept the Gophers right at the top since his coaching career started there, will
running.
# Southworth’s
OUR PLEDGE
TO jyiKN Ej^RXNG THE S^IXICE > " 1 C j To make , the transition hom civilian life to military life as eosy as p^ossible, we of Southworth s BOOKSTORE will refund the total purchase price of all new and used books, purchased , herfe, to male studtents who are called into theiservice by the draft before May 3rd, (a small 10% handling charge will be made on new books returned.) OUR NEW & USED TEXTS SAVE YOU MONEY
E BOOK & SOOPLl STOOE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
10, at the Union building, it was announced today by Chaii-man E. F.
Degering. ^
Tickets for the gathering have been placed on sale at the University Book Store, Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth’s, and the Union building. Tickets can also be obtained
enter the service with another famous mentor, Pat Hanley of'Boston from members of the Lion’s Club.
University. Rumors to the effect that football will be discontinued for “the duration” are circling, and, if true, Minnesota would be given a real
bieak. But don’t believe that.
idrs. MacDonald, Capt. Predciru^, Gregory, Clasman, and Rossi arotured 1;he jftve first -places in 'we Midwest A.A.U. meet which sent Purdue to victory. Briitt placed' sec-
ond in the 145 ib. 'ifivision. Although these boys now“'Iia^
the inside tracks on xegidar assi]^ments, Coach Reeck statedthfit'the positions are still wide operi.'‘®[iis is evidenced by the factthat'dB irien have reported for action, btit Goaeh
The annual banquet in honor of Reeck stated that the squad coldd Purdue’s basketball squad and easily handle 40 more men. Coach Ward Lambert, sponsored by The schedule is one of-fce'twigfa-the Lafayette Lions Club, will be est in several years with 'sfic'of^tfie held on Tuesday evening, March nine dual matches at home. The
Lafayette Lions Club Will Present Banquet For Basketball Team
Indiana, 40; Purdue, 39 “At I. U. the sun is shining, And the Hoosiers run and shout. But there is no joy in Purduevilie, " For'the mighty Riveters were beaten out.”
In addition to Chairman Degering, members of the committee in charge of “banquet arrangements include Frank Bettag, Russel Davis, Daniel Denuyl, Harold Essex, George Fox, Pete Jordan, Carl Kettlehut, Herbert Meyer, Irwin Page, C. Vestal, and H. C. Ver Wiebe.
1 .m.s.
Southworth’s %
A Cordial Invitation To Attend Our HOME DECORATING SCHOOL In Our Third Floor Auditorium Wednesday, Jan. 14th, Thursday, Jan. 15th
-2:3.0 to4:30 p. m. under the personal supervision of Paul 'M. Hutdiinson Expert in Interior Deooratipg Mr. Hutchinson’s year’s of rictual'experience in the interior decorating field enable him to show you how to correctly analize your decorating problems at - Surprisingly small expenditure.
Actual Room Settings Furniture — Rugs — Draperies
You’ll see in these displays all the popular periods in Draperies, Floor Coverings and Furniture, showing you how the various groups of materials and furniture can be correlated and used to best advantage. Mr. Hutchinson will explain to you how the different types of merchandise can be used with what you already have in your home; thus solving home decorating problems that have been puzzling you for some time. Be sure and bring any questions you want answered as Mr. Hutchinson with his background of actual experience can give you the correct answer.
HOME DECORATING SHOPS
schedule follows: January 'Si-'— Findlay here; February State here; February 9— there; February 12—^Indiana^fieite; February 17—^Illinois here; Febtu-. ary 21—^Northwestern here; ary 26—^Wheaton or Illinois mal here; March 6—Northwe^fem there; March 7—^Wisconsii^ March 12-13—Conference cago; March 27-28—^N. C. wC.^.^t Lansing, Mich, j.e.j.
Faculty
Jan. S-9. 1942 High Team Sets General Stares
English
Agr. Chem. 1 Animal Htisb.
High Ind. Sets - Clark, W L. _ Hshderson „ _ . Culp ~i _ »-_l Monroe „ , .„.y
High Team Games
General Stores 4.11 English _ a Physics _ . Agr. Chem. 1 .
High Ind. Games 'f
Clark, W. L 2 overman U Kahler _ __2 Henderson _ ^ i„. i,„8
LEAGUE STANOING’
Won in
Agr. Extension 81 * Executive 81 ^ -‘Animal Hush. 29 Physics B9 A'^. Exp. Sta. 87 f -English 27 Dairy, 2 - 26 ,• ’Dairy, 1 26 Horticulture 1 §4 * Agr. ‘Chem. 3 £4 Civil • JSngr. £4 ; Farm Mgt. _ 23 Poultry 2.1 Mcch. Engr 23 Becitation - 23 Agronomy _ 22 General Engr 22 Speccli _ 23 Chemistry 1 S .Gen. Stores 21 Chem. Engr 21 Forestry 20 Pharmacy 20 Hort. 2 20 Agr. Engr. its - Elec. Engr. 2 T9 Chem. 2 hS Agr. Chem 1 T8 Elec. Engr. 1 'tg Agr. Chem. 2 ‘18 Highway Res 16 Biology H
High Team Set to Date
, Physics " - 2J
High Team Game to Date
General Stores
High Weekly Ind. Game
ClaVk, W. L. _ .y
High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date
Stuckey . 1
Munger
Clark. W L. High Weekly Ind. Games to Date Stuckey . Clark. W L. . - 13 Knoll \ -T . ri Jlduneer 1
Everything form ^ t ^ College Educatiem ►' DEAC’S giiiiiiiiuttiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiluinmil I Dr. A. M. Irion I — DiNTIST— ^ 119 Vi Harthwestern Aw*, § Phan* 4965 ^illllllllHlllllllllljlBHIHIHMMtmitflmiiiiMia
M. E.
MOREHOUSE
QUAKimABtK
^ 1 yk i /*
lit w 7|v; if4M'a Orama&OHp Expect 8,dm 1MBcti Beth Ludberd '■■o"' . ^ Botany and Entomology, Dairy, t Ludberg, iM^Tiib^r of the Horticulture, and Poultry. The siip- , Wesley. Foundation, >yas elected na- per hour has scheduled a County ' ' V klomti secretary of the . Wesley Agents’ Banquet and the Indiana t c jPlayers, dramatic brgahization of P a r m Management Association tl^f National Methodist Studeht Banquet, f Jltwelhent, at the biannual conveii- 551 Competitors held the second week of Christ- Entertainment Fesvacation at Urbaiia, 111; Miss provide amusement at toa soi^pmore in special general. session. District : > ; ^|nce, is active iii^he Student Co- ^^j^^est winners from variISf ;: Association, and is a parts of the State will furnish #e*ber of Alpha Lambda Delta, entertainment at the annual ^dnal honorary for freshmen 551 amateur performers, '^tomen. young and old, competed in the disIII;; ,The convention of the Wesley t,-ict kiminations. ^aprs was 'held in conjunction • .vinners will be competing w^th the Second National Methodist divisions, group f Stbdent Conference,^ich was at- acts and curtain acts. Also particI : tended by over 1,200 delegates. Music Hall program , 'A ^ , are 60 rnembers of the University 'I jT' ' f/ DotVtlS Glee Club and Concert Choir who I * will present “Gypsy Caravan” un- ; | ^;fv i (Continued from page 1) der the direction of A1 Stewart. I niakers played a more deliberate vpgljg Of War Effect I gkme and did not use a pressure de- . pamiers and non-farmers, all |:r|: :^Eb until the closing minutes. Roosiers, heard about the present v| , APierpey, Riley, Caress, and Polk status of ‘ their University” at yes- |. fighting all the way, never let- ferday’s opening session as Presi- % i^pp in a speedy, 40-minute los- dent Elliott explained the situafi ihjg battle. tion. “Your University is running I -i ■ Summary: ' oh a full war Scale which means a \| PURDUE (39) FQ FT pjr 24 hour day and a 365 days yeai’,” I S^owl, f 6 1 ■ 2 said'the president. “What is hap- ■ f Tidfney, f . 2 11 pening to the minds of men today I Mbnko c 4 1 4 's of vastly greater concern than i I^ffman c ......... 10 0 what is happening to material r Rjlfev, g .. .. 2 ‘ 4 0 things . ... Today Purdue is deCaress, g 0 2 1 termined to mass the strength of. I Blpnken, g 0 0 3 ’fs trained man power—in, students I Pdlk, g . 0 0 0 ^nd staff;, to mass the savings of .Jj '. minutes; to multiply the production ■ ;^otals .. ... 15 9 11 of the soil; to energize*and elevate “ , its Wiir'to do.” INDIANA (40) EG FT PF More Sectional Meetings Swanson, f 6 2 2 Tomorrow, Thursday and Friday Logan, f 0 0 0 will be occupied by similar sectional Lewis, f ; 11 1 meetings to those in session today. ' INnton, c 6 1 2 Corn and Small Grain Show will be Zjmmer, g 2 1 2 on exhibit for the entire week. EnWittcnbracker, g 2 1 3 tertainment is being provided each Drjverj g t!. 0 0 3 night of . the conference. Loyal . 'r . — ,— — Alumnus lY, University’s prize . Totals 17 6 13 steer, will be given a premier showr ^.OFFICIALS: Referee, Roily'Bar- ing tomorrow afternoon in the I rips, Wisconsin; Umpire, Earl Town- Music Hall.\Al Stewart will direct ispnd. " , a music festival tomorrow night. ^ a 0
Classified
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes Bold, rented, repaired, and purchaBed. Minjeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. Lost: Seelafid wrist watch in shop wash room. Phone 2648. Reward. Lost: Brown knitting bag with glasses and yellow glove. Phone 8026. Reward. Double Room half block from Union. Good steady conditions. Friendly atmosphere. 89.00. Phone 4893.
due Union Cafeteria.
Notices
Ail Military Students: All students hay-; ing absences in drills may make them tip during weeks of Jan. 14 to 27, incl. Credit for these make ups will be given in 1st semester grades for students with C or 1 grades due to absences, all others will receive credit on their 2nd semester grades. Two weeks period for make up. will -be determined by counting all regular school weeks between Dec. 8 and Jan. 27 excepting week of Jan. 5 to 10, incl. —GRAHAM All Mels: AIME meeting being planned for Wednesday, Jan. 14. Please hold date
Sanibr Gheihistry Majors tl.SeHiors who arC; desirous, of getting a job report td room 422, Chemistry Jhiiildingf A nuipbOt of assistantships are avaHlahlc for Ooming; school year in the dcpBrthicht of chOtaiistiy. Seniors Interested report to my Office at once.
^ —DEGERINGJ-,'.
Triton Club; Regular meeting Tuesday, . January 18, at 7 :80 p. m. in the WomCh’s
Gym. Attendance compulsory.
—KRAEPELIEN.
All Military Students: All students having C or I grades due to absences the first semester should make them up the 2nd 4nd 3rd week of the second.semester, (Jan. 21-
Feb. 2 incl.)
—GRAHAM; :
WAA: Ping pong and ahuffleboard, callouts will be Monday, Jan. 19 at 4 p. m.i
at Women’s Gym.
—SCHUBER.
An examination for removal of G and I grades in' Chemistry 1, 2, 11, and 12, will be given- in Room l29. Chemistry Annex, Tuesday, January 13, at 1 p. m. Make arrangements at Room 127, Chemistry Annex before 12 M., January 13.^ This examination applies to 0 and 4 grades of the 1941 Summer Session or before and not to those of the semester- ending January 10, 1942. ’ F. D. MARTIN, R. F. BROWN,
■ F. J. ALLEN.;
War Council: Meeting Tuesday, January Kappa Psi: Meeting in room 303 of the , 13, at 10:30 a. 'm. in the Student Senate Union, Wednesday, Jan. 14, at 7:80 p.m. office. Bring unpaid dues. Special report to be . ‘ —DIBOS. given. —SECRETARY
OtitingClttb: Ice Skating party,. Tupsday.' Jani 13. Meet at west, door , bf Union' at 7 p.m. Transportbfibh , furnished, Cnll Grod Corduas, 61158, or Gail Hennis, 2907, lot reservations before MbndAy evening. _ —BUERGLER ■ . Pistol Tcaih Tryouts: The following listed students pre asked to' report at the Armory : January 14, 1942: ' 4:00 p.m.: Bayrtea, ,F. L.; Bedwell.'. B. R. Bolloivs, H.; Bryant, R. J.; Katz',. Ai S.; Kuhn, W. A.; Laird, A. ; Meachem, ;J. :R.; Miller, P. G.; Nicholson, B. E. Parker, H. W.; Pearson, J. M.; Sharpe, V. G.; Sines, F. E.; Song'er, J. R.; Welbaum, E. A.; Wendti R. R.; Westcott, d: P. ; Woltfcr, G. R.; Cornelius, E. H. 6:00 p.m,: Briiink, J. F,; Coffin'g, T. H.; Cristo, J. D.; Dickey, B. C.: deBruyn, H. G.; Farnsworth, L. E.; Fricke, ,B. C.; Gernand, W. F.; Greenhalgh, D. K. ; Jones, C. E.; Link, G. H.: Lukcnbill, E. D.; McCabe, L. J.: Metzger, F. A.; Rodgers, P. E.; Singer, M.; Smith, B. G.: Southworth, G. S.
—BROWN
Wesicy’Foundation Skating Party: Friday nighti 'Jan;. 16, ;6'i3p-16 p.m.' ht: the Foundation. Leave; for Maple; Point > at 10 p.m. Skate from lOiSd-lPipOV Charges 25c per pcr.son to irtclbde trahsportatipn.j Those ■ furnishing cars tb\be admitted frCA ;
';-.,>-:.;' '-V--GILBERT.-
Independent arid'PIA Workers: Pictures
will be taken for Debris tonight. :
—SMULEVITZ
PIA Chorus: Meeting iil rooma307 of the Zouaves: Meeting at ‘4 p,m. Tfiuridby, Union tonight, Jan. 13, nf 7:80 p.m.. Jan. 16, in room 106 of the ArfflOryi^D^lls
J ; —SOPCAK will he discussed. Zouaves: Debris picture i will be. taken Tuesday, Jan. 13, at 8:40 'p.m. Meet to dress in room 307 of the Union' at 8 :10. - —GRAF
Little Movie’ Cpnvb Rnhseribers: The-StUi dent Art; Guild Littlh Mctyie .Cpnyq: uriU iJh held in the Hall of Musib on Tuesday; Jnb'. 20, instead of this evisnlpK a», antioUticetl. . Aeromodelers:, Important mieeting at -IlS.Q p.m. Thursday, Jan. 16.,in ropm 89 bf ;'the Union. Important' that: everyone; Interested in second semester membersfilp ' bt{ejli4v|';' , ■ , "-rSlpITJH', ;
Wanted: Boys ' to work on banquets for Junior Military Studenrs: ir you wish to Agricultural Conference week. Apply Pur- enter 165 mm. howitzer coinpetition for the
second semester, turn in list of squad by noon, .Tan; 17, to Capt. Ruby. List to include two juniors, nine sophomores.
—RUBY
'Alpha Lambda Delta: There will be no meeting next Tuesday, Jan. 13.
—MacDONALD
PQMM: Debris pictures will be taken in Union Tuesday, Jan. 13; at 8 :60 p.m. Wear uniforms' with white shirts. ' , —BUSHNELL Westminister Girls Club.: Regular meeting will be held at the University Church at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Jan. 13. , ; —VIRTUE
4}r;AE.
AW8: There will be a'meeting;"'of, the
executive board Thursday, ’ —McCullough
Tau Beta Pi : Meeting Thursday, Janf l6, at 7:80 p.m. in’ room 366 of Gig tljitot!. Important business and refreshmentfc Qld members will receive plaques.—MUNGER;^ GE 11 and GE 12: The examihatioA fpithe removal of C and I grades in' GE;_H ■ and GE 12 will be given Saturday,_ Jab-.j^, ftbm 1' p.m. to 4 p.m. in room 301. of the Michael'Golden Shops. ■ —,
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT
Phone 4354
We Deliver
Particular Dressers
CROWN CLEANING SERVICE Experience over many years has taught the most fastidious person they can depend on Crown for Quality Cleaning. CROWN CARES FOR YOUR CLOTHES
DEB Bis Schedule for Tuesday. January 13 ^iOO Tau Kappa Alpha. 7:10 Sii^nfia Delta Psi. 7:20 Debate Managers ^ Forensic Board. ; t ‘ 7:30 Coed Debate. 7:40 Freshman Debate. 7:50 yarsity Debate., 8:00 Exponent Sophomore Coed Advertisement Staff. 8:10 Independent Workers. 8:20 P. I. A. Workers. 8:30 Exponent Sophomore Men's Business Staff. 8:40 Zouaves. 8:50 P. O. M.M. 9:00 Scabbard and Blade. 9:10 Band Officers. This is POSITIVELY the last time pictures will be taken this year. . Pictures will be taken in the Union sub-basement. PLEASE BE PROMPT.
KK"