IJ
l>
Et>ITOI^IAL: Ineori^Drate Labor Unions? 'Merry^G^-Round'-—Pa<|e 2
VoUime 53# No. 66
SrORTS; toxfitgi On the U^tgradb Through Senna's EHorlj^,
West Lafayette, Indiana.
Tuesday, December 2, t$41
t. L Batt Will Deliver
'W
Kext Defense Lecture . \
41
High Defense Official Speaks Dec, IS; University Will Drop II O'Clock Classes William L. Batt, 'graduate of the University and high official in the Office of Production Management, -will deliver the second of the current series of defense lectures in the Hall of Music at 11 a.m. on Monday, Dec. 15. Classes will be dismissed at 11 a.m. in order that all students and faculty mem-
bers may hear the address.
Datt, ME ’07, is president of SKF Industries, roller bearing manufacturers. He was recently civilian member of an American military mission to Rus sia. The mission arranged for. llfL*l fli supplying arms and munitions AfinUSl iBhlClC jdlCty
Varsity Will Meet Frosh Tonight
■Col. Beere Sanctions Whiskers; Dibos Bows 6ut Of 'Stuff' Elections
Piggy Starts Four Veterans, Debater Conference
One Soph In Warmup Battle
to the Russians.
Most Active Defense Worker Bfttt will interrupt his busy schedule and important role in defense work to address the student body. President Elliott emphasized that Batt is one of the most active defense workers in the nation at the
present time.
Holds Nationally Important Posts Many honors and positions of high importance have befallen this able and capable engineer. One time president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the largest engineering organization in the world, Batt recently succeded W. Averell Harriman as chairman of the Commerce Department’s business advisory council. He is also the first American president of the international committe of Scientific Management the Rt. Honorable Viscount Leverhulme formerly occupying the position. Many other positions have fallen to William Batt, He is a director of thb National Association of Manufacturers, vice-president- of the Sw'edlsh Chamber of Commerce in the» United States, and chairman of the,board of the American Management Association, g.w.s. bmes, Topinka Talk Before ASME Tonight
School Will Open Here Today, End Tomorrow Highway safety and the part the trucking industry can play in national defense will be emphasized today and tomorrow at the second annual schpol for commercial vehicle owners and operators to be held here. Leaders'in this business from over the middle west are expected to attend. Safety And Efficiency Purpose of this meeting is to bring together persons interested in safety and efficiency in commercial vehicle operation for a discussion of their common problems and to bring about a greater degree of cooperation and understanding among vehicle fleet management and local, state, and national governmental agencies. Truck “Hold Up” A luncheon will be held tomorrow noon at which Charles G. Morgan, Jr., of the American Trucking Associations Incorporated, will discuss “The Trucking Industry and National Defense.” A feature planned is the stopping of all trucks for a given period of time and their complete inspection, with those attending the school viewing/the operations, j.t.k.
ROTC officers started a race with their basic course charges yesterday to settle the long-stariding controversy of the relative virility of the advanced and basic groups when Col. D. M. Beere announced that the annual Riveter’s Rassle beard growing contest was legal and would involve no demerits. Ip a statement to the Exponent yesterday afternoon. Col. Beere said that following the usual custom, all student in the ^OTC 'rickets for the Riveter’s Rassle are now being sold on the cam*pus by Sigma Delta Chi actives and pledges and are also available at the Union West Desk. Cost of rasslin’: $1.99'/j. course would be allowed to let their beards grow from now until Rassletime, Friday, Dec. 12. Sigma Delta Chi will again award a trophy at the dance to the man with the fuzziest beard, the man with the reddest beard, and the man with the densest beard. Coeds Eligible—First Time, Too Feeling that coeds with heavy beards shoul'd also be given recog-
nition, Sigma Delta Chi officers said last night that a vial of hormones would be presented to the- young lady with the hairiest beard. There has been g insistent demand in the last seyeral years at the Riveter’s Rassle for this type of recognition. Race Continues In the race for the “Queen of the Bareback Riders” title, Janet Morehouse pranced ahead when a tidal wave of votes bearing her name engulfed Exponent counters yesterday. Her cufrent total is 8,473. Left in the lurch with only 4,989 votes is Jane Ostrander, who will be awarded a bottle of Fitch shampoo if she wins. First day leader Jane Darrow is now far behind despite the desperate efforts of the Phi Mus. In third place are Ruth Rose and Ginny Schaup, tied at 4,562 votes. Agnes McCulloch with 3,891 is fourth. Dibos Ambitionless Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate told Exponent reporters yesterday that he had definitely withdrawn from the race. Dibos said, “I have absolutely no ambitions along that line.”
VARSITY Blanket! (C) Sprowl Menke Conrad . ... Riley
Probable Lineups POSITION F F . . . C G .. . G .. . —o—
FRESHMEN . . Martens . . .. Mason ■* Hoehammer Server Ehlers
Elson Will Address
First in a seiies of regularly scheduled weekly ASME meetings
will be held tonight at 7:30 in room i r xL.fl 3 of the Mechanical Engineering High bCMOOl rOOtOall
building. The program for this week consists of a discussion of the production of propellers by Warren James and a talk by George Topinka on the maintenance of propellers. Movies and slides will supple-
ment the discussions.
Student speakers will present the program every other week; alternate programs will consist of movies. The organization is looking for students with special hobbies or interests Who would like to present their ideas before the group, d.e.b.
0. W, Mansfield ... assistant county agent leader, I’eturned to the campus yesterday after a two-day tour of southeastern Indiana, where he visited various county agents ,in connection with the annual Coopeiative Extension Service Schools which were started this month.
Players At Banquet Dr. E. C. Elliott, several members of the faculty, the entire University coaching staff and the football squad will attend the annual Football Banquet given by the Purdue Association of Indianapolis to fete fifteen outstanding Indianapolis high school football players and their dads. The banquet will be held Thursday, Dec. 4, at the Indianap-
olis Athletic Club.
Bob Elson, Guest Of Honor The guest of honor and principal speaker at the banquet will be Bob Elson. In addition to being chief sports announcer for station WGN and the Mutual Broadcasting System, Elson can lay sole claim to the honor of having announced all thirteen World Series and All-Star
games, w.e.h.
Dr. Lark-Horovifz Plans Teaching Improvement
By Bill Hoskins
Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department. Prof, F. B. Knight, education department. Prof. W. L. Ayers, mathematics department. Prof. H. B. Hass, chemistry department, will appear today before a public meeting of the Teachers’ Training Committee, appointed by the Indiana State Board of Education, at the State House in Indianapolis. This group will present facts and figures showing the serious lack of science training in the high schools of this country at the Laik-Horovitz, “what our large inpresent time. dustries have to say to that when Dr. Lark-Horovitz’ speech, every magazine carries advertising
with the slogan ‘Chemistry is the
Coach Piggy Lambert’s varsity basketball aces will face a strong Fehfing-coached rhinie hardwood squad on the Fieldhouse floor at 7:30 tonight in the annual Reamer-sponsored contest, giving the Boilermaker net fans a good preview of what the approaching season will offer. Undergoing a strenuous workout and scrimmage against the reserves last night, the veterans displayed both offensive and defensive brilliance, overwhelming the subs in a high score. The score might have —
been ridiculous without the splendid performance of sophomore s'ubs George Fields and Jack Wright, who in playing in over three-fourths of the scrimmage, accounted for all but nine of the re-
serve points.
Zouaves, Gimlets and Reamers Tonight’s game, besides featuring the rhine-varsity stiuggle, will include a military diill perfoi-mance by the Order of Zouaves and a sham fdotball contest between the Reamers and Gimlets, honorary athletic
boosters.
Expected to jump center on the opening whistle for the Lambert aces is sophomore A1 Menke, brother of the Bill and Bob Menke duo, former Indiana stars. Menke’s long stretches and nifty-ball handling will be added to the veteran roster, including Captain Don Blanken, noted ball-handler of last season, swift moving Frosty Sprowl, f01 wards; and “Horsey” Riley and John Conrad, basketminded guaids. With the exception of Menke, the squad is a good cross(Continued on page 2)
one of the first steps in his ^l^ltore ofTndusti;^^^^^
anticipated campaign to improve science teaching in the U, S., will
He further explained that since
Freshman Exponent Workers to Attend First Class Of Training School Tonight
Freshman eds and coeds who have a flair for journalism, or are interested in dabbling in newspaper work as an avocation, will be introduced to the intricacies of the Exponent at the first meeting of the Exponent training school this afterhoon at 4 and 5 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. According to Lee Rulfper, Exponent Managing Editor, who will conduct the school, all interested freshmen are urged to attend the meetings tonight whether or not they attended the callout meeting last Thursday. Learn Fundamentals The training school is being conducted in order to familiarize prospective reporters on the editorial and sports staffs with the fundamentals of news writing and newspaper publication. Freshmen will be instructed in the securing and writing of news, newspaper / style, headline writing and other duties necessary to the
publication of a daily newspaper. Following the school, those attending will be assigned to their respective chosen staffs—editorial coed or spoits—and put on regular duty as cub reporters. Two Meetings Each Day In order that the trainees may be present at all sessions of the school, Ruffner, assisted by other elected staff members, will conduct two meetings each day at 4 and 6 p. m. The training period will last about a week. All freshmen who are at all interested in newspaper work are urged to join the staff at this time in order to take advantage of the training program. Previous journalistic experience is not necessary and the school will be operated on a “start from scratch” basis. The only.^’equirements for freshman reporters are literacy, a sense of responsibility, ability to cooperate and, above all, a sense of humor.
reveal that of the 300,000 high ""^ool population never school students in the country tak- *0 college, some provision ing physics, only 100 will go on to T u . college to receive a Ph.D. in that f chemistry science' schools so as to prepare
"the high school graduate for his
Limited Opportunity position in the highly technical in-
Many high school students never dustries of today,
get the opportunity to take either L^rk-Harovitz received the physics 01 chemistiy because of the University’s official approval on lack of equipment in small schools, campaign program for the and because of the small amount Gaining and certification of science of time which teachers are able to teachers in secondaiy schools,
give to these sciences.
In the Atlantic Seaboard states. President Approves
where physics and chemistiy are In a letter, last week, to the head a part of college entrance require- of the physics department concernments, only three and one-half per ing this program. President Elliott cent of the small schools do not made the following statement: teach'the courses. But, in the Mid- “My expeiience in recent years as die Atlantic states, 30 per cent of a member of the staff of the Rethe schools do not teach physics gents Inquiiy in New York state and 10 per cent have no chemistry, and as a member of the Science In Southern states where there are Committee of the National Remany small schools, 57 per cent do sources Planning Board has served not teach physics, and 60 per cent ... to convince me of the signal do not teach chemistry; while in importance of the present probthe middle west 20 per cent do not lems arising from the lack of sciteach physics, and over 60 per cent ence training and, therefore, of do not teach chemistry. understanding of the applications
“One must wonder,” said Dr. of science to modern life.”
Student Wins Judging Honor At International Livestock Exposition Highest ranking individual among contestants judging all classes of livestock at the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago Sunday was Donald Brown,*' University senior, who compiled a score of 939 points. University team placed sixth, one of the highest positions a Purdue team has ever reached. First and second places went to teams from the University of Illinois and Oklahoma A. and M.
College.
All day Saturday 28 competing teams were kept busy taking detailed notes as a steady stream of livestock was paraded before them. In the separate classes Ohio State University’s team placed ffiist in judging horses. University of Missoni i compiled the most points in cattle judging and Iowa State ex-
celled on sheep and hogs. Beeson, Pence Attend Show
Prof. K. E. Beeson and Prof. M. 0. Pence, extension men in the agrononmy department, are attending the show and sessions of the International Crop Improvement Association today and tomorrow. They will seive on various committees of
the association. ,
Tea Dance . . . sponsored by the Student
Art Guild will be held this afternoon from 4 to 5:30 p. m. in the north Union ballroom. Coeds will be admitted free but eds will be
charged ten cents admission.
Wabash Collegians
To Play For Mixer Camera Club Will Hold Joe Pritchett and his Wabash Scavcuger Huul THursdav
Collegians will provide the rhythms for the regular mixer to be held in the Union this Saturday night from 9 to 12. This is the first appearance of the Collegians here this
year.
According to Student Uhion officers, the band featuring Ted Lockwood on the drums and Jane Lycett as vocalist, is strictly on the solid side and completely abhors “paper men” and commercial arrangements. h.e.
Camera Club will sponsor a scavenger hunt Thursday evening at 7:30. Membeis will meet in loom 304 of the Union and will be sent out individually or collectively to obtain specific odd and interesting
pictures.
Prints of these shots will be turned in to the West desk to qualify for the prizes. First prize is $2.40; second prize, $1.60; third prize, $1.00. l.s.
To Meet On Campus Friday, Saturday Schricker, Van Orman Wilt Be Guest Speakers Indiana secondary education students from more than 94 schoOlaare expected to attend the Twelfth Annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference and Legislative Assembly to be held here Friday and Saturday, according to an announcement made by Prof. P. E. Lull of the Univei'sity speech department and director of the conference and
assembly.
Elliott Will Preside « President Elliott will preside at the conference, at which Governor Henry F. Schricker, F. Harold Van Orman, and others will speak. The Legislative A'S^mbly, which was inaugurated at last year’s conference, will be presided over by Fred F. Eichhorn, former state senator and chairman of the Indiana Public Service Commission, and James Knapp, speaker of the Indiana House of Representatives. High schools whose students are named among the top ten in each branch of the Assembly Will be given special awards. Other events will include an intercollegiate debate between Purdue and Wisconsin, a panel disCu^- 3 ^ion which will consider “Speech Activities and the High School Pupil,” a play, committee meetings, and a banquet. Sf. Louis Symphony Plays For Audience Of 5,000 In Music Hall St. Louis Symphony orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Golschmann played before an audience of 5,000 students, faculty and townspeople at the third University convocation in the Music Hall Sunday afternoon. The program contained the familiar overture - fantasia from “Romeo and JulieP’ by Tschaikowsky and seven variations and a fugue based on “Under the Stead* ing Chestnut Tree,” by Weinburger. The orchestra also played Beethoven’s Seventh Symphony and a composition by Couperin. Pour encores, an air from Bach, “Wedding Procession” by RimskyKoisakov, “Minuet” by Brouoneini and the prelude to the third act uf “Lohengrin,” demonstrated the fine tonal quality, the precision and the inteipretations which appealed to the audience. A reception, sponsored by the Student Union, '^as held after the convocation in the Union, where the orchestra members were introduced to the 350 persons who attended.
Extension Staff Keeps Farmers Abreast of Recent Developments in Agriculture
Tickets Now On Sale For Playshop Drama, The Petrified Forest Sale and exchange of reserved seat tickets staited yesterday at the Fowler Hall ticket office for Playshop’s presentation of Robert E.Sherwood’s Pulitzer prize winning play, “The Petrified Forest.” The play, the second of the season, will go on the stage December 9, 10, 11 and 12. The play will begin promptly at 7:30 p.m. the first three evenings, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, while the final pcrfoimance on Friday will start one half hour later at 8. w.e.h.
Junior Clas^ Presents Skit' At Forestry Club Meeting Forestry Club meeting will not be held tonight as usual, but it will be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 117 of the Horticulture Building, according to Larry Schneider, president of the organization. Tomorrow’s meeting will feature a skit by the junior class entitled “The Shootin’ of Dan McGrew.” Instead of the usual Tuesday meeting the club will meet en masse in front of the Fieldhouse to attend the Freshman-Varsity basketball game tonight, j.d.s. 1 Expo Juniors Meeting Thursday, December 4, at 4:15 p. m. in the Exponent Office. —TRAUGOTT
Twenty-seven years ago—May 8, 1914—^the Smith-Lever Cooperative Extension Act, designed by Congress to build a better agriculture and to make for better rural living, was signed by the President of the United States. Thus began the present national system of agriculture and home economics education in which the fedeial government, the State Land-grant colleges and the county governments cooperate in nationwide extension service woik. Indiana’s Early Beginning Before this official act, however, a form of agricultural extension work existed in Indiana in the early ’80’s, consisting merely of an occasional address delivered by a member of the University faculty before some agricultural organization. Today the extension work carried on by the University is an integral pait of the nationwide system. Cooperative Agricultural Extension Work is simply a system of teaching outside of the University and gives the faimer the opportunity to obtain the most recent information on the newest develop-
ments in the field of agriculture. For 12 Years This information has been brought to the farmers for the last 12 years through a series of winter extension schools, run by county agricultural agents employed by the University. From November until March these schools, ranging from one-half to two days in length, are held thioughout the length and breadth of Indiana and cover such subjects as dairy cattle breeding, corn improvement, tomato canning, farm management and soil conservation. According to O. W. Mansfield, assistant county agent leader, 343 of these extension schools have been scheduled throughout the vaiious counties of the state—every county receiving from 3 to 6 schools dining the five month period. Agents Pick 'Fhem Out County agents and county committees apply for certain schools, selecting theVn fiom the list of 28 subjects covered; and then the schedules for the schools are made
IH
out by Mansfield for times convenient for both the county and the 28 county agent specialists who w]Jl instinct ii^fcheir respective schools. District and state conferences ftto held throughout the year for the various county agents in order that, they may get together to compare ideas and developments in their respective fields. Total Attendance 25,000 Last year approximately farmeis attended the extepsklin: schools, and this season, an even gi eater attemiance' is expected. In the beginning, extension service was concerned with the pl^ohlems of production and improvements closely ielated thereto., day, such work not only inel,^des ftH of these questions hut has eit|ei^o4 to the fields of distribution^ iai^k,e|»' ing and consumption. Fori^^lj^ thOi farmers worked largely uals; now, through E-xtension Service they iVork iiirilh organized groups of men and en interested in and I'elated to lihttt, farm and home problems.i^MMuei Expomni
?#B<
i^d the Mg^,
r^f' i.'^'Jlis Munich speech a while ago Adolf Hitler,"ip contra I ' l>reiMde»t Roosi^velt’s reference to evideuce' iofoNM:
Southworth's
f? |p^'
iigh South Ainerica, declared: “As far as l am' con^yth America is as far away as the moon.”
|i>1rai!e iuiiar simile has been heard from the same source be-
iging the Reichstag in BerKn’s ¥ roll Qpera 'House wher
p^t'iS^t^he’Bfebhfuiehrer said:
assertion that "National Socialism in Germany will ,attack North and South America, Australia, on... '> ,lveif4he Netherlands, becattse different systems of goy- # ^ i«: contrel in these places, is on the same
that We intend to follow; it ttp with
^■ ilflijsediate bccupatiOn of the full mooh.
t >j|ight iRUlioh Netherlanders may give testimony to the yaiiie of that assurance. They do not live on the moon,: ';
v . • i ' . '—New York Times
sPfizes
iFil'st campus radio quiz program, of the type,’that has become popular
Q +1, ri,> %Qaghp,atthe’iX|o.up:try,,,,vdlt^^^^ Southworth's offered tomoiirow ,night at 8: .over WfiAA
To introduce their new “Who’s open-file directory service
to students,
prizes to lucky persons. whose names appeared in th^ lists, hpst Saturday the promised; cirawing was held before a crowd ofjpe^arly tjOOO students. :J'be;nap(ief |n tjhe,temporary .directory were, “put, in the
Headed by Maj. Joseph H. More, an Aviation Cadet Examining Board will interview all . fob cadet aviation training until
Tuesday, December 2,
To Farm
•. to 1
; 'The annual, meeting of thO'A'tiierr lieap SQciety..of Earin hlanagetaapd Rural Appraisers will convene today in Chicago with; several natiyd , ', .Indiapi^os holding pronunent role.s in the two-day con|er,epce,.. . Cf i- ■
. Not one ... but THREE queens. According to the progrbth re-
J.U1 c-cucu cv.cic.c.. Ouchl Guess the Kappas showed ceived by members of the Uniyer-
The quiz is sponsored by the Stu- week in room 106 of everyone ..7-^ especially ,us, Thtee, sity faym management, depai^’iheh}'’' dept Guhd-op,it?,reg,qlar radio Chemical Engineering■Huildiig. AUe.Ops, and';stUl',nq beaytiys. Dr. .:E..,,G.,, Yppng, University, agyihoiiy. The audience, stydio will be ^j|i fbpp Adgms, cdp .sell a few Debris oyer cultqriist’ anA'.vice .president of 'thc used- i; ■{[. h a-^ ni, to 4 pi m. dailjl, '■ ' there and get out of the red. Society, will lead a discussion today The program wilt pit bother and 'studentsilbetween th^^ ; ; Spegking of queens, the forth- on 'the .thente, “The Futiwe ■ apd
pot,” stirrea up, and the luciky win- oijamzations, Alpha Lamba!^^^^ and 26 are eligible to apply coding.;Rassle,of the SDX ners chosen. for training provided . they have: ought to . Twenty nine persons went home SkulL and Crescent, sopho- ^wo years of ^ college or ypar. They plan to have every kin4 ferent ® f
^ ^ irinvp rifipn^s honnrai’V. After iTlUCh ’ , . « . .. ^4? TTsilHerm^n. Wahashi C. M.
,boy.s What To Ifp ^bout lt.” pt.her persons scbeduled to take part in dif-
happier and .richer: T,. Ernest Botg
by William K. Lewri
By Drew Pearsdn .ap'd Robert S. Allen
f lti^yors Incprpowtion 1(^011$; Lt. Geti. Clear ^ Bdticate Second Aritiy '^|^HmGTON, .Dee; U -i Two S 'att^s were discussed at the 'hite House-congressional conferdhce on anti-strike legislation, not revealed in the published reports
of the meetinjg,
. One was a iP.roposal to incorpoi - ate labor unions and require them to reveal ytheir finanoial records. ^ Tbe othersiwas -a secret: ballot on
strike act jOn. -
The .President'’approved the first, bpfj tttrned iibWn.the second.
be favored un-
ions making public their revenues
arid expenditures, 4ust as business'concerns are required to do. Th|Sj, beisaid, wonld do.much to drive racketeers and other undesirable elements opt of unions; al^HtMit ri enrb onj one man, pjr
group control. ^
ItoireVer, Roosevelt urged that tWsIriurb be extended to :indride (piier public bodies, such as the
.Anerica .Pipst.,Committee and
jKgitt- For Freedom,.;, .i
f'®e public is .entitled to know,” he said, ‘%heie they are getting
the teacher one day hbtioed he did not know the words of the. “3.alritje to the Flag.” She coached him, and
he tried again, but with this un-^f''^"*^' Eenneth Good happy result: Chumlea, Cortland, Nelson
“I pledge allegiance to the flag . . , , Anc^ here he raised his hand and cried, “Heil Hitler!”
Capital Chaff
Charles Edison, ex-Secretary of the Npvy, now Qoyernor of New, Jersey, is propd o,f one thing; tpe destroyer Kearney did not sink. It was one of the destroyers he built while handling construction in the navy, and at a time when, he was under criticism for top-heavy destroyers. Hut Edison put so many water-tight compartments into, the new speed-demons that they are almost unsinkable . .... Unlike Secretary of tpe Navy Knox, a neWsr paper publisher, ..Secretary pf .the Navy Edison welcomed press criticism. . When newspapers reported flaws in destroyer design, he took the position that criticism was a healthy thing ..... ,
Educafed SQldie.rs
Lt.-Gen. Ben (“Yoo-hoo”) Lear is going to give the 120,000 ofAcers and men .of his crack-Sec-ond Army an opportunity to learp w,bat it is all abript., . The scholarly cavalrym.an, who fought his way from buck private to one of the ablest top officers in the Army, is instituting an elaborate educational program that will make military training
more riVen’s honoj^ary, After much discusslori. as to i;hriir possible re.presentfttiyes the Skull and CVes-
ed to $54, ,Ga-ace Wallace iwon $25 +u„;„ os
cents haveiannounced their beam,as
Qc .o iv^iTiirirt 'H/i/vIra onH QiinnnnC' ' • ' .
won a tuition refund whiph amount-
each applicant., Thog.ejyhp fail to
as a refund on books and supplies. . , p- w pass % ,physical exariiip^fion are Y, .achwerewon A eligible to enroll as ,g,ro?nd .creW
^acn were won RoQuij«ore, The coed organization .... ..i! „.,„i
ight, Hussell will announce their representatives ^orkeis proyi e , o er ,
od, Patricia i„ toljow’s Ekpouent, : ^ tions are met.
and
Chester A. Stoeckel. Cgsh awards of $5 each were awarded to Robert Sautler, C. Douglas Waring, Helen
Hann and David M. George. Merchandise prizes were won by
Carl Anderson, S. N. Stevens, Julia Martin, Robert H. , Pearson,. Jack Kebinr, D. A. Horth, Joe Lpy.elac'e, Ho.waifl Meeker, C, R. Cleveland, Robert L. Bechtel, Leonard Hwland, Wade H. Shafer, Edith WHdermuth, Richard Schnokenburg, E. L, Csenkugch,, Robert A- Kemper and Stanley I. Cqrpian. h,e. , , . D|nce Grotip To Show
Twenty girls will presertt a modern dence prograpi in the Wopien’s gymnasium at 7:30 p. pi.- this eve-, ning at an informal open hoiise. In addition to perforpiing two dances, “Oh, Susanna” and a polka, the group will derponstrate modefri dance techniques and other eS:®!'' cises w'hich serve as the basis for a
finished composition.
■ Director of the Modern Daoee Club is Miss Theresa HeUi a graduate of New York University. Ele-s anor Sei’ban is president of the
group, l.s. :
As part of their military training, and on training time, every soldier ajid.officei’ of the Second Army will: be required to attend a series of weekly lectures by ■ outstanding
educators and experts.
. This, .unique program will run 13 weeks, with more than 400 carefully selected officers and civilian educators conducting the classes. The lectures, totalling three hours a^, week, will be divided into two general courses: (1) general edueation-
tbeir .iVDOJiey. and how and for what, ,(2) the. organization, functions thsy:are spending it. operations of the U. S. armed The President voiced doubt about services, Army,. Navy, Marine'
the- :advisability of. a compulsory Corps, Air Corps. strike vote, on the ground After this basic program has
tbat 4bi6 did-not necessarily insure been completed,-Lear will follow it a fried ballot. Also, he said, it might with a one-hour weekly lecture
backfire .against the government.
; I Hri pdinted out that , if a : vote heldjby ddict of law favored a strike ip ari: iniportant defense industry, then the government w.ould be in tbb‘poBitibn of: sanctioning the shutdeyrn. It was Roosevelt’s opinion tbst 'the way to block strike-s was tp pirevent them from occurring,. '1^ i Heil HIHer Wlien the' son of an’ American diplomat rises in an Americap kebool and cries, “Heil Hitler!” -trtbat’s news. Bpt that’s exactly what happened in Washington recently. The youngster had been sent lo German schools while his fatJier. was stationed in Germany, $rid he was obliged to raise his iriritb the ntber children, and city, “Heil Hitler !” :Brit when U. S- consuls were clespred opt of Germany, this boy becririne a student in Washington. His. English is a little rough, and
history. Nothing like it has ever iiimi c i been tried on. such a scale in the F|&nfy DyBC Will jPGflK U. S. Army.: .i ■ '.'.-Hii-r . if’- ■:! ' in ‘A-V ■’■’f
Meelfhg Qf Cooperative Society tomorrow Night Henry DyeiV Chicago, educational director of the Central .State ,pOOP-, eratjves, Inc., will speak at a meeting tomoiTow at 7:30 p. m. in room 363 of the Union, discussing “The Function of, a C.o-qP®rativ,e, in a
Time of Inflation.”
The meeting is being jointly sponsored by the Student Coopei'ativ.e Society and the Lafayette Consumers'. Cooperative, Society. Dr, Gordon Graves, of the Mathematics department , will be . chairman for the evening. The meeting is open to interested styidents, facultymeni-;
bers,, and. townspeople.
There will be an qjpen di-scussiop, following Dyer’s ;adJreBS, . op ..the problems of local co-operative groups :i and .the present economic
situation, d.l.g.:, ...
%if Members To Attend A^ENeetina Next Week
toipor
■ This program, which will be open ,to the studeint body, is the first in a serias dealing with questions and rin&wei’S.^bQHt art that the campus joe-man sho.vdd know. Prizes will be awarded to. the high scoring individual. as well as his organization. 10;d(b^NeWs ' 10.:.10—Curio Man 10:1§—Morning Melodies 10:3Q:—'WBAA Presents 10:4,5—^Theatre qf* Song 11:00—“Principles of Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss 11:50—^Purdne News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16--Me.et the Band 12:45—.(Flexible for Special
Events)
1:00—Souvenirs 1:30;—Hetty Wedge—singer 1:46—Markets 2:00—A Story a Day 2:15—Parent Forum 2:30—Virginia Ulrey—singer 2:45—Treasure Chest , 3:00-^News 8:1.0—Music 3:16—Afternoon Melodies 3:30T-Musical Round-Up 4;00—Tea Time Tunes 4:16-T—Heard in the Hallway 4:45—Little Miss Muffet 5,:0.P—Just Relax 5:16-Employment Service 6:30—Vespers 6:45—Curio Man 5:50—News 6:00—Dinner Music , 6:30,T-%qrts Review 6:45—The Magic Carpet 7:00^—Religious Diama 7:15—Music 7;30—Carolyn Wood—singer 7:45—Music Without Words—Mildred Johnson 8:00—Story of the Opera 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:46,—Ruth Ralston—singer 9:00—Doc Mira’s Band
have passed a mental examination, of queen you, can .think of. After Howard Hal4ermdn,.;Wa|^hrp. M A physical examination 15 ..given to 8’oing over and voting for herself Long, West Lafayette;H.H. Meek.
’’ 473 times Janet Morehouse is now er, Hurnettsville; and r. .E. ,-WUiott,
right,up there in the I’^oe foi’ of Oxford, w.e.b, ■ <■* .
“Queen of the Bare-back' Riders.” The pins flew thick and fast over at Lamb’s the other day. Vern Hossellmati put out his Beta pin .on
Boilermaker Flying Units, cori-
sisting of 20 eligible liniveraity stu- I^bHP.a, Mary Frances Robinson at dents each, w?U be .formed, and will 4|16 p.m. Meanwhile, across go through training togetbev., table, Jah Yeoman was taking Cadets who take the intensive Ted Shead’s Theta Chi pin for the training course for six months will second time of the afternoon. A receive $75 per month in addition field day for the Kappas, to being furnished with food, lodg-r Kostoe Starek has double-crossed ing, unifoi*ms, eqnipment, dental us and now has his pin back on Pi and medical services. At the corir Phi Pqttie Weber, Betty Briscoe
clnsion of the six months’ training a)so has given back Bob Tilt’s pin ^m-g, John Swantz, Cecil Polk, Fred
Varsity Will
' ' (Continued from' page 1)' section of returning veterans , who saw plenty of action last year. ,
Lambert Has Strong Roster - /
. Yesterday’s scrinimage indicated that sophomore Floyd Lawson, and seniors Mickey Tierney and Charlie Caress would see plenty of ^action agbinst the frosh hardwood squad. Others apt to play are Warren Sea-.
course cadets are eligible to receive. which she just took the other day.
a commission in the Air Corps Rot serve as second lieutenants. Application blanks may be secured in the adjutant’s office in the
Armory, h.e.
Wish they’d make up their mind.s-
for our sake at least.
Before AIME Tonight
T. B. Councelman, manager of the industrial division of the Dorr company in Chicago and vice chair-
man of the milling methods com- a Kappa
mittee of the AIME will addre.ss members of the student chapter of the AIME tonight at 7:30 in room
356 of the Union..
Subject of his talk will be “Beneficiating Minnesota Iron Ores.” He will discuss the various methods of beneficiation such as washing, jiggingi differential density, and sin-
It’s funny how certain gi-oup.s around here can be identified by their idiosyncrasies (wow) and such, Foi' instance: you can always spot a Beta by their hats. We often wonder what their hair looks like. Then there are the ATO's and their hair—and you can always tell a Sigma Nu by the growth on their upper lips, such as Bud Laramore and John Miller are sporting at present. And .. . you can always tell
but not very much.
Some good comes out of this column, we’ve found. After reading about Dottie Seib givin,g back her pjn, one of our campus Lochinvars called her up and asked . if it was true. Upon receiving a I'cply iu the affirmative, he said: “Swell! I’ll call up sometime.” and then hung
Krampe, Bill Nuetzel, apd Field.s and Wi’ight, reserve powerhouses. Coach Fehring’s , underdogs, boasting former Gentiial. of South. Bend stars, Martens and Ehlerf^j and an aU-state forward frqm ,Madison in the person of Don Server, is prepared to exhibit plenty of fight ond spirit in an attempt to hold the varsity within reasonable scoring limits. Grape-vine stories from the rhinie camp Indicate that the yearling basketball team will exhibit a surprising offensive assault in the Fieldhouse tonight. Next Monday, December 8, Coach Lambert’s Riveter hardwood team will open against Wabash in its initial tilt of the basketball season. Tonight’s game should be a good forecaster for that, and following
scraps, d.e.b.
tering. All metallurgical engineers are invited to attend, j.t.k. Prof. 0. G. Lloyd ' . . . of the department of farm management, will be in Chicago today to attend the International Livestock Show and the annual nieeting of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers. R. H. Bauman, S. O. Kessler, P. A- Henderson and J. C. Bottoum will also attend these , meeting’s.
up.
EDGERTON HDWE./INC. HAlTb>yARE-P>ilNTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLiSMERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliyer
The Phi Delts tossed Bob Probeck in the Wabash the othei' night for not coming across afler putting his ring out. They missed the real culprit, though, when they didn’t get Jake Davi.s—the instigator of the whole thing. V/e heai' the fresh-, men are .going to .get him very soon. Isabelle McCauley ... HE ’43, Wood Hall, has repla,ced E.miiy Squill's as social chairman of the Women’s Residence Halls. She will be in charge oi' the, activities of .al) three halls. Roberta Studabaker, sophomore in home economics, is the itew social chairman for Wood Hall.
today - WEDNESDAY^
TAck ' TEAGARDEN and Orch..
on current affairs by outstanding authorities. ; . .
Purpose of the plan is to imprijivc the niiUtftriy /training ajoJ effectiveness of the civilian sol.' diers. It is Legr’s enlightened view that the American soldier win be gn even better soldier .than he already ig if he ha*’ * grasp of why he is in (he :Arxny and how an army functions from
lop to bottom.
Topping- the list of a,ce civilian educators for the program are: Dr. Wiliiam Fletcher of Yale on geography and-vyorld trade; Dr. Ralph H. Gabriel pf Yale, on U. S. history, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and on the. Fascist, Nazi and Com--
munist systems in the
world crisis; ..and Dr. Gordon . A, Allport of Harvard, on propaganda methods of totalitarian govern-
ments. , ,
(Coypiight, 1941, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
Hufi'rig the coming week several members of the engineering facqlty, will be in New York to attend, the annual meeting ,of the Atriericrip Socity of Mechanical EngiDeers. Those attending will ipcl.pde, Pean A. A. Potter, Prof. H; A. Bolz, Prof. E. S. Ault, and Pr. George Hawk-
present' jps. 'o ... h
Dean Potter is a former president of the ASME. ’W. A, Hanley, ME ’ll, .member of the Ho*’'’6rsi,tY Board of Trustees, will conclude his term ag national president of the Society at the coming sessions, h.e.
How to Win Friends in one easy lesson Treat ypnrself and others to wholesome, delicious Wrigley^s Spearmint Gum. Swell to chew, keep breath sweet, teeth ight. The Flavor tasU,
'/% 'irh
TODAY Tomorrow DOUBLE feature It's A Chur •leading Miidiciil Hit
The Only Thing His fiullets Could Not Conquer Was— , HIGH SIERRA ' with " HUMPHREY BOGART IDA JLUPINp ADDED — PLUTO'S PLAYMATES
^ All-Anierictn 1^40>4r
‘ Hntpred as second class niatter at the pogt pfiics In Lafayette, Indiana, undei* the act pf Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for ijn section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Mpaday during the regular academic year and 'weekjy dUflnfi. the.Bummejr Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subrilri'iptifuis. $4.90, ,
WMor-hj-tiikf
Sditur ‘
Efiitor
BiKirwlid
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John U Trsaxott .Phil Johnson
Businees Manager.. Managing Editor..... Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Leland W, Rnffntr L;.......lriuth Bose
■ T;-'.' ^ --PaUieatien Staff Asoweiate Editor. ISditarhil Blaff: J. F. AmuH, ,J. H. Armotrong, D. '1'. Brophy, 1'B. Jh.lllailley, F. i. jopeii, E. Q. Kieper. fin^rle aitlf: Q. T. Clark, J. I>. Frasgr, J. S. Keeler. COrjd JSAttt Wary K. Doymori, Alice CHattield, Jane Barnfidell.
Business Staff Coed Bueinens Manager: Donna Sieeo; Office Manager: Lee BoBBong. Local Adyertiaing Managers: K. K. GJemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manageri W. D. Millard. ■ Junior .'Coed Managers: Jean' Frankenhcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
y 1. . , ,1 r V ^ * . ” ’ . - . , fhot^s CditMl^iaiid Oufiaqrj/ 4Q05; Sports, 2792 Ij, fdiJplilAftpr 10 P.M„ 5377
.RopresenteO for national advcrtiBinif by National,Advertising Service, Inc,, College Piitdishers Repre,sentative.s, 420 Madison Avc,, New York, N. Y.
Staff for Thic Issue
Mitgrt Arin.trong liLn ChaiHiMtl
liiHue Editor: giinkrell riliorlN Editor: Keeler
lleportere: G. Slurr, >1. Eclisle!,i, W. Htibton, C. E. Wulllo^yorth, C. Vyilliui', it. M. Ford, Slone, U. Ghispie.
,'Cij ^,V'
Toiiiiislrtt
er Eleven
Tticks for
Brook/lhd., frm^y .. Between halves of ,4I|
High S^lj/apl .hgakath^M ipi:=
day, r)e?.j|Jh|.,i|iy^ii|^,=G Cllib wiili # j'jfW
tedious
balancing,,. pf ' t|e
who hay^ .;ta'^:. S OI m
l^ild**Sneve»'W r ^ I t|lii ^ i|4l!' B^Bl»b wendei'l I%V;;|IIIt With’three boxing matches tentalively'set^thg'Softenriak^r Broy(p, Wafrya^yistoh^^ Gimlets and Reamers!jwij:}.,^w^rni.)<i)ut on to the court to- boxing club is holding iBteBsive daily workouts from 4 to 5 :E0 Wj|i-!e.;, V( , . i y,- • i .! nightifttihallE.,firn,q{ipf^nai^3iQn,#f.,t;hg$]rfishm^^^ cage in: the afternoon in ,order/tp round into the very best condi-
T^MaetHUarGyainaats'"tilt^tO!engage;ni,thein;aBflft«l.b3l^^hi0h.KViffldrvhas - ^
Manager.ifff.jthp; .gfyaiaBgtic Club, a .'fpotballigd^WQ^,i dphnapn ;wi;il lead the- Gimlets : .Goach Joe Bennarthe Riveter mentor, revealed that boxing Wally ,Bozer,,jai3ft that intO(;fche:;f:ray iwhilp Hpd.ddin'' ■■'-"»■" —r at the,,Univ.ersity;'i|,'"bben ,to both beginners and experienced.
a eaptajin lUingifi the-Reamer(squad.: ...i,;,
pla^a,.?e
IT^'iThe ^r-
’ WheiiSimJeta' appesar to be oif to
flyibg.^tart, tb®^ take ; upmes UQ un ^pie ^oon
serappeiis.::Ife, eiibpl>asi^d the fact that he could use .some. more lightweight^,, —r—-———— rsfiales at any where, i bptw.een, « ' y. n i» 1.20 and 140,pounds..^.:.faculty ^owling ) At the present tiifl'e thete are' ap- —i ^—Lv \.;kA,. jii., ■>. ■ m ■'
Nov. 24-28, 1941. Hiffh Team Sets.
Animal Husb. Executive :...
bag, and stepping, into thd'ring tp Stores :::::;: ; :;;;::;:::";: ' engage in the business,at hand; f High ind. Sets.
; , ' ., ' sepldrs,: December lb;;,juniors, De- This year's Squad shows Qistreme- Wykoft . ,......,
of the Illinpis..squad., ., . ^ith the^^prp^entioned varsi^. ly fine spirit, and CoaehuBennapreA ineetmg;of-aH..of the members 17;'a^i fepshmeir:pan pbSin.fhrir diets that this will be the Very^best Barriok of the Purdue Gymnastic Club, is , «^dwbtpdly,^,bp eictippigy^ dup^soniecembilSth.,: T'^f^vinn’ cjoocjrtn ■l-Vto‘4- 4-1-1/^ •-•1^
scheduled for.Wpdne^ay,. Dec.: 3,. ^teaight intu 1^; ticketJf^r the fct four'iio^ne at 4 p. m. in room 106 of the Field- '
af^ . thp outstanding team of the do^e . o^
co„,.l..y. H.rtW, b.Pnc,. . fo^or SS Austrahan.-gymnast, ,is the epach; ■ m. • ?p, ,,,,•. vjnp:, i- •,. _ _
^ house, s.a.w.
IM Sphedulf
Teams'’'; ;■ '■?.• " ■:
Alpha Chi OtneBa 7 2 Kappa Kappa Qammh 7 2 Alpha 'Xi Deltuii .,, : l> 3 Kappa Kappa -fhcttai 6 3 (Ihj Omega ,i 4 '6 Phi Mu 3 -6Delta Gamma 2 7 Pi .Beta Phi ! 1, S
SQUASH
Tuesday, December 2 Crtm-tB 1, 2, 3 7 :(10 Alpha Gapupa Rho vs Siufma Alpha
Mu .
7:45 Acacia “7b Beta Theta Pi 8:30 Kappa Sigrtil vs Tau Kappa Ep:silon Ai.1. IM liASKEiCBAUU .'QAMES .,, Ilave l)oett caAcelled for Tuesday, on accoiint Fi’eyhmnn-yarsity irame.' ■ WOMeIsI'S BOWUNG .UEAGUE
T^^d,,,^,e«^li statistics
Highest itidiyiduafii'priea,' Betty Cambell,
.475, Kappa Kjjppa.,Gamma,,
• Highest indi}'i(lpMk'ffUme.' EoVetno Muifi:
189, Kappa Kappa 'Gamma,
Iligliest team game, 741, Kappa Kappa
Gamma. %, '
Highest to,at»l'.jseries, 2094, Kappa. K^i|>pa
Gamma.
having moved forward two. yards,,, f 'i? climax this powerhouse, offense ,by , "'i ' ■ r .y . .a sending a man ba(;k,tp„.punt.. There * . '' ' «» ■ is .little doubt that, the bppt will, be StUuGntS RGOtCSGtlt bloqked, since the, y^rsity drilled ^ .. : ; ~ j. ■ intensively tp make surf thut, the Ait CotlYO
Games opposition could npt miss deflecting
^ the pigskin. We refer the reader . , » , . 'ri>
7 2 to Boilermaker fop.tball writeups ^ I for th'e late lamented,,season, if he 4 6 doubts, the truth of :this .prediction.
2 '7' So This- Is Strategy!
^ * - The; Reamers will depend upon
Ossie Solem’s newly designed ‘twhy.” formation, .mixed with a dash of Pop Warner’s double wing,
Notre Dame’s box, and topped off tivities; and/Bill Stewart, who by thp fariious T foripation which spoke on 'WBAA, A gi^oup discuswoi’ks wonders for the big, bad sJon was held afterwards with Les Befirs. Unlike, the Gimlets, the Woehlke acting as .phRii’iHan of the
Reaipers will prob,ably run fopr in^eting. c.j.w,
plays into the line, forgetting .-all ■ ' ' ' ' " ’ ' ' ’ - •
about .the little matter of punting
boxing season that the Boilermakr:;^^.^^|
ers have enjoyed thus far. : ' , English Those members, of the sqUad who ExetutWe I'..'.’.’.'
show exceptional .promise at the present time'are: Tom Major, 166 pounds; ^Robert Quillen, 136 ik-rg pounds; Eddie Ryden, 160 pounds;:. Norman Kautsky, 118 pounds; and
Eddie Miyamasu, a 126 pound Har Agri. Extension waiian who has fought twice in Exe^Gv^'*!'!:....': Gpl.den-Glove competition. .. batoy^l ■ ’
Coach Benna, who, hails from English
Teiire Haute, won' the 147 pound GeaeTOf Eng^'.'.. A;AU crown for the Hoosier state \’
High Team Games.
High Ind. Games.
LEAGUE STANDING
2625 2468 2438 . 2377, . 576 . 575 . 653 . 543 . 893 .. 891 .. 864 . 84ii
223 213 209 201
► Come Join The Crowd
Si^ohight’s Reamer-sponsored .Freshman-Varsity battle will give the 1941 hardwood season an official sendoff. The game will give a good pre-. view of the current Boilermaker contingent, with the first game with Wabash only six days away. ! In addition, the Reamers plan an interesting between-the-halves exhibition, with the Gimlet-Reamer grudge fight ^eing carried in .its aPnUal bloody and humorous way. In order to give a real indication of what to expect, in this grimly fought battle, we unbiasedly present the pre-game statements of the respective coaches, Gimlet Coach Killer Rush and Reamer Coach Stinky Stecker: , . Girnl^f Reamer ’ Coach Killer Rush, when inter- After a long search, your reBort-: viewed last night, snarled the fol- ^oach Stinky Stecker , . . . , . calmly reposing in the Sweet Shop,, lowing statement from the corner • . 7 j , ' 'i: f . ^ cigar in one hand and a lavender of his mouth ■while diagraming coke in the other. When questionedr plays to his team. he gracefully thrust the cigar into “The boys have been pointing for .the left corner of his mouth, pul the gams all season and l think they the coke in his hip pocket and gave will ,^o into the game physically us the following statemqnU; ^ a and mentally right. In my backfield “My mob ain’t afraid of. iiobody, we’ll have such outstanding backs We have a great un-Apierican baekas Bronko Petty, Triple-Threat held with “Dyna.pio”., Hansen at (fumble, stumble and fall) Johnson, leftback, “Sunbeam” Clark at way^^
Terribly Taffy Tafel, and Jumpin’ Joe DeBennamo. Starring in the line win . b.e Romeo Miller, Spike Mercer, Murderous McDaniel, Arch-
back, “Flash” Graebner at draiyhack and Cap’n “Puddin’ head” Ruffner at throwback. This mess, with our mighty 97 lb. line,’the
. Recitation.
in 1937, and went on to the semi- Speech
, “Pinah,” Rqsh ha^ consented to coacii the Gimlets, and “Solon” Stecker will coach the opposifip|n. The tmiwl will be played with a
Third freshman forum of a series sponsored by the Activities Bureau was held yesterday afternoon with approxiinately 50 freshmen attend-
ing. , ---r :r Talks were given by Johiiny Goll, finals, which, were held in ^Boston, ak™ EifgV representing the Purdue Players He has had four years of Golden c^ivii Engr. and Pmyshop; Ufi)yler, who Qlove experience, reaching the Mech. Engr discussed forensje .and . dqbate ac- quarter-finals twice, and appearing Poto'tr^”®,*,'.,.,^.,
in the finals t’wice. , , ^ ■ As a member of the Chicago Elec. Engr" 1". team, Joe slugged it out twice with ceuCTa? storel the New York Golden Glovers. In ’. 1938 and 1939, he was an alternate Horticulture '2 on tile squad which fought the best phar'macy
that Europe had to offer in the
Windy City.
■Won
..24
Mah each CputrlL
Make Each Mid-day Count , i M . .. IriV . .. at; THEGRlVV^VOtJNGJ ■■ '■ ' "I ■ Fine food plus relaxation, service, and plear ■ ,U i -r ' ■ 'i 1 sant atmosphere. You’ll find all this in the Grille Lounge. Our dieticians put imagination and a lot of thought into our menus-—and they come out perfect. We’re sure that you’ll agree, after you try one of our meals.
voUeybaU. The player.s attire i.s optional, which, means that Jeannie Lauer should be on hand 'if, she wants to keep abreast of the very
latest in sportswear.,
Injuries will be the riild, rathTir
Dr. P. R. illiker ;; . Prof. W. F. Epple and Prof. B. E. Horrall of the department of
than the exception, and the, famous dairy husbandry are attending the “Mad Butcher” (and we do mean nieetings of the American Butter Miljer) will be on liand to increase Institute in Chicago. The conferIhe mortality rate.-Lafayette hos- ence opened yesterday and will conpitals, please note. tinue through today.
Pharmacy ; :..... Chemistry 2 AjiT. Chem. 2. , Hij?hway Res. : BioloRy : i ;....
Hiffh Team; Sot to Date
Animal Husb.
High Team Game to Date
Civil Engr
High Weekly Ind. Game
Wykoff High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date Stuckey Spencer Hoefor ! High Weekly Ind. Games to Date Knoll Erb , Weitkamp
ibald Percival Timperman, Bone seven blocks .of sandsfon.e—“Might Crusher Lancet, and Angel Adams. Atom” Safford is sparkin’ it-—wilt Hopeful Clouser holds the number be sure to lay out -those Bre^sy ope pQsition''on the bench. We in- Gimlets three at a time/’ -■ tend to,employ a basic Notrd Dame ..At this point, the Regmer team offense, at the same time trying to staggered into the coke-dispensary score some points. The team left oh 'foir their afternoon scrimniage Tndth the Kossuth street.bus last night at the waitresses, and as Coach Steck6:45 ..destined for the Blue Blazer, er left to instruct his charges in the; where they will rest and build up fine points of the game^ ^wg heard. , courage until just before game him mutter, ‘(Thj’ee.Hnq bdgks 4in4|, time.” a kick-—how can we lose?” f
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
236 234 231
Comfort and Security k/ ,/ Away from Home ; HOTEL FOWLER - ■• ■■■: 'I'n ..'7 ■ ’V ■ . Blue Blazer Tap Room ‘ ‘ Walnut Rbpm Cafe
Air Conditioned
1 4th and Ferry Sts.
Lafayet^ ,,
Dr. A, M. Irioii — DENTIST — 119 Vz Northwestern Ave, Phone 4965
' Everything! a Chllege ^ Education -'"'DEAC’S'""'
i>44«3i
‘You oughta.listen more, Otis, when ybiur\mQBb1elfs you what^ . not to do—You can get some swell ideas, that way ! I
.-J
7-;
WlmuydaL lAmmc The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
but NO EXTRA CHARGE.
against moth damage. We use the Monite process; your insurance againsi moth damage. No
^ it ■ ^ j.l - : ri
extra charge for this service.
is,
Crown Laundry
**=4.*?^ ■
THEY’RE READY . . . THE SMART CRESTED GIFTS YOU’LL WANT TO GIVE THIS CHRISTMAS. :. ,5 / ^ lU ';':■ I'V,, , THE BUR-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern Ave. ^ ‘ Phone 2523 Don Voelker. Mgr. COME IN AND RESERVE YOUR GIFT THIS WEEK
'V
One Stop Chrijstmas Shopping at the Drug Store Here’s news for the bells to ring about. No heed for atiy more bectih' Christmas shopping ’^eh you' can get gifts for eVefydhe in the'cbeeriy atmosphere of the drug store. .c- : i ■ . ; Any^of These Will Wish a Merry Christptas’ For the Men For the Women • Shaving Sets * • Yardley Sets • Pipes and Tobacco • Cosmetics ' ^ • Electric Razors • Perfumes
I#-''-.*
, . '-‘>4'' .'A i -- Next to Po8to®ee ■ ^ N.,.J.,Arih’37 . ' y ■ / iH- 'v'
I' 'Af t tsvi
t £ iPurdue Exponent
Tuesday9 Becemhef 2^1941
$9i^efWill Indicate ^e$!^l]bilitie$ Of New Mmic Organizaion - Student Union is conducting a ^iPWy in the Music Room Sunduy»d>i!c. 7, to Sunday, Dec. 14, to d^tennine the number of students who are interested in organizing a mliskal ap{)reciation group in beh4lf of ciassical and semi-classical jThe organization and activity of |.he club will be determined by the individuals concerned. Possible activities suggested for the gioup include upkeep of record files, renewals, inventory, and albums. The club might produce its own programs and sponsor the regular Sunday afteinoon progiams instead of the Music Room Committee of the Student Union. Student’s Opinion Is Asked Each person coming to the Music loom between 9 am. and 9 pm. will be given a questionaiie asking suggestions concerning the proposed club. The organization will be sponsoied by the Student Union,
d.l.g.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes Bold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J. Ebershoff, 606 Mam,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Reward for return of man’s wiist watch Lost washroom of Union See Frank Fox,
Union barber shop
Lost^ Gray leather zipper com purse m Village Dorothy Warmer, phone 31914 Lost: Jeweled Sigma Chi pm Call 6067 Nancy Sackstedcd—Reward Lost: K & E log log Decitrig slide rule Name on- case, Donald Stoner phone 4916
Notices
Triton Club: Regular meeting, Tuesday, Dee 2, at 7 30 p m in the Women’s gym —KRAEPELIEN Kappa Psis Very impoitant meeting of pit active members Wednesday Dec 3, at 7:30 p. m in room 306 of the Union Penalty for non-attendance
—SCOTT
Scriveners: No meeting Sundav night
—RIEGLE
ASME: The first of a series of weekly discussion meetings Will be held on Tuesday, Dec. 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room S of the Mechanical Engineering building. The subject for discussion will be “Propellors: Production and Maintenance.” Theic will be a movie and slides also. —TOPINKA. .ASME: Debris picture will be taken Thursday, Dec 4, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union ballroom instead of Thursday, Nov 27.
—UTLEY
GE 35: Removal of Condition Examination, Dec. G Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 202 before Friday, Dec 6. —OWEN AIME Members: Meeting Tuesday, Dec. 2, at 7 30 p m. in room 355 of the Union. —STARKEY Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the sixth and last novice pistol group starting Dec 9. should sign up in Supply Room now —BROWN Wesley Foundation: Party originally scheduled for Friday, Nov. 28, is postponed to Fi iday, Dec. 5 —ROACH Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting at 5pm Tuesday, Dec. 2, in room SOB of Union All pledges must attend. —BIERLEIN Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Dec. 2, at 7 iO p m ill room 6 of the EE building.
—MILES
Exponent juniors: Meeting Wednesday, Dec 1, at 4 15 p m. in the Exponent office —TRAUGOTT
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of all Union Sophomores Tuesday, Dec 2, at 4 15 p m in the office. No tickets to sell
—WORL
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday, Dec 2, in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Senior Mechanicals: Booths for the collection of fees for picture of graduating class similar to those now in the halls of the building will be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday, Dec 8, through Wednes(!.iy, Dec 10. Fee will be 75 cerits and will eovci all costs of the picture All seniors graduating in January, June or August au to be included —GREGORY Silver Mask Members and Pledges: Meeting Tuesday, Dec 2, at 7 30 p m in room 302 of the Union There will be a pledge meeting at 8 p m —TOWER Exponent Freshmen: Training school will stait Tuesday Dec'' 2 Watch this column for further details —RUFFNER Military Ball Committee: Seniors are responsible that sub-committee reports are submitted by Friday, Dee 4. —DIBOS Society of Automotive Engineers: On Wednesday, Dec 3, the society will show three films from General Motors. ‘ Wings foi Defense,” “Frontiers of the Future,” and ‘ Diesel, the Modern Power ” This meeting will be held at 7'30 p m in room z07 of the ME Building
—KEIL
Student Senate; Special meeting Wednesday, Dee 3, at 7 30 p m in the Senate office All members please be present
—DIBOS
Reamer Club • Meet at Fieldhouse at 7 V m Tuesday, Dec 2 for Frosh-Varsity game Bung tickets and unsold money —RUFFNER
K ampus ITCHEN The Eating House Complete Four Types of Service to fit all Appetites and Purses
1.
THE FOUNTAIN— Milk Shakes, and ice Cream Dishes
2.
THE SANDWICH BOARDSalads, Sandwiches Cold Dishes of all Kinds
3.
THE GRILLE— Hamburgers, Chili, Soup, Tenderloins French Fries
4.
TH KITCHEN— Hot Meals, Short Orders Steaks, Home Made Pies and Rolls
OPEN 7 a. m. to 11 p.
-C lafayetti: yiRsmioL LIBRARY -.’.TEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS ii Pii; DAY - 10c MINIMUM
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
AcrosB Prom Union A*IUfi** S«niDiQOf *29 **Doc** Epplc *40
BCTTER CQRSAGES AT LOWER PRICES Ot4w UNION FORMAL t> WRI^ortages At UNIVERSITY ROOK S^E ^ Tmm. anti Wed., 2 to 8 p. m, A Student Service tor Student* fICHER & NUSTVEUT, Local Aaenit
Basketbalf^ Ushers and Police: The following report at the east end of the Fieldhouse on Friday, December 6, at 4 p m. Assignments will be made there. Anyone not reporting will be dropped from the list No additional applications will be received as the list is more than sufficient. E S. Ainsley, M. W Anderson, 0. A. Anderson, T A Anderson, J. L. Andretich, P. B Anthony, W Appleton. G P. Archer, A. M. Arnold, W. D Bancker, R. J. Barwegen, P F Baumgart, Andrew Berkley, A Berto, R. Biddle, Maurice Boots, F. Branncr. Bob Britt, J. Brown. Wm. Buffington,* T. E Buiger, G J. Burghardt, Wm Burghardt, K Burnett, W. R Carson, J Ghinewicz, I H. Claseman, R Claseman, C Clymer, W Combs, W Cook, F Coon, E J Cycfenaa, P DeMaiia, John Dilley, E H Dodge, J A Edwards, W Ehrlich, H. W Eikenberry, V O Erk, C H Feistkorn, Casey Frederichs, Jery Fredericks, B French, J Galvin, M Gkntz, W L Gaulke, W R Gregory, J E Grimm, T Grove, W Guthrie R Hajzyk, Vern Hansell, C Han is, C. Hein, Carl Hipp, H Hites, j Hlinka, E J Holderman, O L. Hurrle, A Jentch, Bob Jonet, E F Jones, K Kampert, R D. Keim, D H Kemp, W Kendall, J Kennedy, R Kersey, L King E J Kmiecik, C E Kron, Jim Krueck, A S Lange, Walt Leifhict, A Leugo, P McCatfry, L R McEachern, K C McLaughlin, D MeVey N E Maloney. R M Maloney, R L Mason M R Matovina, G Matrewicz, F. T Meakim LET Melton J Miller, R O Montenero, R I Morris S 0 Morrison, R K Mulford, Dick Mycis, W Newell, D M Newman, E O’Bryan, Harry Olds, Jim Paratore, L R Poarspn P L Petirch, .1 Petty, W Powers, Chuck Rawles, W P Richey J A Rossi F Ruggieri J Rush, H Seidell, Roger Sheiidan. W Shimer, Jim Shoemaker, Max Shoemaker, T L Shrinci, R Shultz, F Smerke, C E Smith, K Smock, V A Snyder, W Stevens, R Stoelting, H Strom, W Sumner, E M Timm, H Timperman J N Vecs, B R Warren, J C Winldei G R Witsman J Wojciechowbki, W Wooden, C W Wright, Ernest Young, John Zehiing —SANDERS Exponent Sophomores; All men and women who staited working on the papei this fall should attend the second class in the training bchool on Wednesday, Doe i Handbooks will be distiibutcd —RUFFNER All Male Students: Aviation Cadet Examining Board No 1 will be in loom lOG of Chem Eng Bldg, Dec 1-5 incl 8 30-4 Application to appear before the board should be obtained now fiom the Adjutant’s office. Armory —GRAHAM YWCA Members: Meeting Tuesday Dec 2, at 4 p m in room 355 of the Union Please plan to attend —EVANS Union Sophomores There will be a meeting Wednesday, Dec 3, at 4 16 p m of the following Chnstv Adams Gwinn, Altoi MacDonald Gee, Chestnutt Carr Jeans, Mieis, Levering, West, Hobbs, Duffin Rodwine and Bariett —WORL, WILBER Student Art Guild- Meeting will be held Wednesday Dec 3, at 4 30 p m in putteiing shops —PARKS Gimlet Club: All members of the team ind the rest of the club please leport to the Exponent office in the Fieldhouse toll * ht between 7 and 7 15 All members of the team please diess foi the occasion— 01 undress — JOHNSON SCA Members and others interested in co-ops: are invited to hear Heniy Dyer speak on The Function of a Co-operative in a ’fimo of Inflation ’ on Wednesday, Dee 3 .it 7 10 p m in room 353 of the Union - MYERS
POMM: Keys are available fbr those who ordered them. Call at 27 Russell St. —SULLIVAN All Agriculture Students: are invited to* a meeting of the Poultry Club Thursday, Dec 4, at 4 p m in room 304 of the Union. —WILBUR frlA Chorus: Meeting in room 307 of the Uriion on Tuesday, Deo. 2, at 7 ‘30 p m —SOPCAK Pi Tau Sigma: Don’t forget meeting Friday Dec 6, at 4 p.m in room 208 of the ME building Be on time —GREGORY Undergraduate Dames Club: Meeting will be held Tuesday, Dec 2, at 7:30 p m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union There will be a shoit program with music. —VOLLMEB Ceres: Regular meeting postponed until Tuesday, Dee 9 Ail actives and new initiates must attend as fall elections will be held. —CHESTER Ceres Actives and Pledges; Formal initiation on Wednesday, Dec 3, at 4 p m. in rooms 206 and 201 of Ag Hall Bung initiation fees. Banquet at G p m. in Home Ec Building. —CHESTER Ceres Pledges; Pledge tests will be held in room 208 of Ag Hall on 'fuesday, Dec, 2, at 4 p m Bring full boxes of candy —CHESTER Scabbard and Blade: Stab meeting will be held Wednesday, Dee 3, at 7 30 p m in room 212 of the Union —SULLIVAN
Exponent Freshmen: See front page story for details of training school Vvhich begins Tuesday, Dec 2 The importance of attendance to these classes cannot be stressed too highly. ( j Newman Club: No meeting Tuesday, Dec. 2. Meeting Wednesday, Hec. 3, at 7:30 p,m. in ro6m 236 of the Union. Topic will be a continuation of "Mariiage in the Catholic Church.” , —RUNNION Union Board: Compulsot^y meeting Tuesday, Dee 2, at 6 p m. in the Union Office. Please be prompt. —ROSCOE
[i Debris Sophomores: Interviews will ibe held Tuesday, Dec.; 2, afternoon in room 316 of the Union. Schedule iS posted ip Workshop. —HAYS YWCA Members: Meeting in room 356 of (he Union Tuesday, Dec. 2, at 4 p m. Miss Oswaldt will speak. —NEWTON Progressive Party Committee: Meeting postponed until Thursday, Dec 4, at 7 p m. Room number to be announced later. , --sleeper WAA Volleyball: Last practice Tuesday, Dec 2, at 4 pm. —BLAGRAVE
Activities Bureau: Interviewing cornmlfr tee meeting WednesdaY, Deci 8> at pm. m room 212 of the Gold Peppers; Meet Just inside hront dooi of the Fieldhouse tonight, TucSj3ny> Dec 2. at 7:16 p.m. for Freshman-vatSity baOTetball game. —SCARFF ^ Chi Epsilon actives and pledges: Medt ot Civil building Wednesday, Dec. 3, at 9 FfWPledges bring constitution, bdtH plumb U6bB, pencils, finshlights, ten ceiits, and full boxes of candy Have all signatures fend know all about fraternity. i —OHMANi
GIVE PHOTOGRAPHIC GREETING CARDS • Made from your own negatives. LET US HELP YOU PLAN A CARD THAT IS * Unusual * Different * Personalized
A DOROTHY McGUIRE . .. popular star of John GolfJen's hit play"Clauclia/' says Merry ChrUtmat to her many friends with thu cigarette th^t Satisfies.
STOP IN TODAY
FOSTER'S I CAMERA SHOP it' Opposite Union Bldg.
f(^om, \)ick & ^atw Chesterfield
GET YOUR CHESTERFIELDS FOR TOM, DICK & HARRY AT
[ BOOK & SDPPIV STORE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Milder Better-Tasting . •.. thafs why
Copyright 1941, Licccrr & Myers Tobacco Co.
,.. it’s his cigarette and mine This year they’re saying Merry Christmas with Chesterfields* ’*■ For your friends in the Service And for the folks at home What better Christmas present Than these beautiful gift cartons Of 10 packs, 3 packs, or 4 tins of 50* Nothing else you can buy Will give more pleasure for the money* Buy Chesterfields ^ For your family and friends Beautifully packed for Christmas^
11 mm ... TO LET THE FOLKS AT HOME KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING. HOW? . Not by writing, for no-one does that, anyway
Send a Subscription of the PURDUE EXPONENT Today Call 4005 EXPONENT OFFICE FOR FULL PARTICULARS
f h