-JH , ^l?
r if '. >■ '* “.v '“J"' i*;# < >;s"’'"'’V ' '1' '
-, V“, <* i'«' , ■^’" A Jj 1 . lv« * .i* '» 1 «! 5i/'?>ijJj*'^'^<i*H'ifef!Jf
<’V f,rP
In Today's News 0 • Commencement' Tickets Limited • Tennis Team Loses t Student Wins Aero Contest
Z-ltS
Founded In 1889
DaNy Since 190S
Volume 52, No. 174
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 6, 1941
■->
Dr. Hu Shih Urges 1100 Seniors: Keep Thinking Baccalaureate Speaker Berates Irresponsibility “The college graduate Who feels that he has had enough hard work and laborious thinking, and is therefore entitled to an intellectual holiday . . ► needs to fequip himself with two or three intriguing problems before- commencing upon the greater life to come,” Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese diplomat-author-lecturer told the graduating class of 1100 candidates and a nearfull house of listeners at the 67th baccalaureate services in the Hall of
Music Sunday afternoon.
“Intellectual preparedness calls for keeping up the disciplined thinking which the graduate has learned but not fully mastered,” Dr. Hu explained. “Thinking as a matter of daily and ___________________________
ROTC To Display Skill At National Inspection On Thursday, Friday
oven hourly need too easily develops into carelessness, indiffer-
ence, and routine.”
Overcoming Confused Ideas Responsible thinking is necessary to give fair appraisal to the conflicting philosophies and confused thinking so prevalent throughout the world. Dr. Hu warned his audience, adding that too few are “allergic to the baloney
flating around.'*
“College students join a privileged minority which is expected to do responsible thinking ... the man fortunate enough, to receive a college education is marked by his ability to do disciplined thinking ... which implies a duty to verify facts and check evidence; a hufnility to aidmit the possibility of error in j’udgment and to guard against bias and dogmatism; and lastly, a willingness to foresee the consequences thaHf may follow acceptance of our
veiw or theory.”
Cites Hitler
In closing, Dr. Hu cited Hitler’s prophetic statement of several months ago in which the German Reader indicated that his decision would determine the fate of his people for a thousand years, pointing out that "“the rightness of your thinking may affect the welfare of millions of people . . . for thousands of years to come.” Baccalaureate services followed an academic procession from the armory, around the mall and through the Executive building into the Hall of Music, headed by faculty and completed by nearly 1100 candidates for degrees. Dr. E. C. Elliott introduced the speaker, the invocation being given by Dr. Clyde Everett Widman, president of DePauw university, Greencastle. Music was provided by the symphonic band and the University choir. Instructions for commencement exercises were given by Professor Wikel, chairman of commencement activities, following the
recessional.
Demonstrating its military skill, the University ROTC will be inspected Thursday and Friday by regular U. S. Army officers representing the War Department. Inspecting officers will be Col. C. A. Selleck, Lieut. Col. F. H. Boucher and Lieut C^)l. G. R. Hayman, all from the Fifth Corps Area Headquarters at Fort Hayes, 0. The annual review of the entire , corps is scheduled to start at 2 o’clock Thursday afternoon on Intramural Field. The public is invited to attend the review. Actual formation of the unit will be at 1:46 o’clock in the Armory. The two days activities include demonstrations by regular classes of the instruction given by the department, and includes elementary gunnery by freshman section S-4, preparation of fire by junior section H, military history and policy by senior section Ha; demonstration of the service of the piece by freshman battery D-1. On Friday freshman section G-1 will answer questions on military policy and history, junior section B will display their knowledge of field artillery, signal communications and senior section Aa will discuss property, emergency procurement and funds. Bruce W. Hotten . . . will join the staff as an assistant in chemistry next September. He will also work toward his doctorate. iSir. Hotten was recently initiated into Phi Beta Kappa at the University of Cincinnati where he will graduate this year.
'Cooking No Longer Woman's Art/ Photo Club Exhibit Proves
By Dave Lloyd Prizewinners in the current Camera Club exhibit, which Wangs in the Union Vusic room, may properly bear the title of ‘^Master Cook.” For the making of pictures is much like the baking of a cake, requiring the use of the right amounts of the best materials at'the right time and temperature. •“Flavor” First But underlying photographic “cooking” is the idea with which a picture is born, giving it the appealing “flavor” for which the judges first look. Only after this are the technical print qualities considered. Winning prints in the Gala Week exhibit apparently had plenty of flavor, for two of the authors’ prints ' were suggested for iffgher comjietition. ~ First of these was George Towle’s “Buckingham Fountain, Chicago,” winner in the advanced amateur pictorial class, a striking example of tone qualities of white fountain spray against the black of night. Towle made the negative with a 40-second time exposure, a difficult shot with people moving around the lighted fountain in the foreground. First Place Winners The other was “Ounce of Prevention,” first place winner in advanced amateur miscellaneous group, an<}
student grand prize winner, by Lawrence Archibald. "This is a flash picture taken for the Exponent and published November 2, 1940, in connection with the presence of the Flying Cadet Examining Board on the campus. The picture is outstanding because of the \tory it tells — advance precaution urged upon the student pilot—and for lighting obtained with two flashbulbs, * Other interesting prints appeared in the exhibit, including a montague of electric signs, titled “Fquntain Square,” by C. H. Waldhauer; “Having Fun,” capturing a baby in its bath, by Dr. Alma Long, in the staff division; and “Pedro,” goldtinted self-portrait by Bob Alesen, in advanced amateur portrait class. Year’s Climax This exhibit marks £he climax of a successful year for the club, with an increase in size of membership to 104, a record exhibit entry of 76 mounted prints, and the completion. of 80 lockers in five darkrooips for the use of club members. Most of all, the e^chibit marks as potential “candfdates for degree .of Master Cook” a number of students and staff members who will be able to exhibit in Camera Club and perhaps higher competition.
Local Student Captures Prize At Model Meet By Bob Runnion Sustaining his gas model job in the aiii for three flights totaling 23 minutes and 29 seconds flying time, Paul Schroeder, freshman engineering student, upheld local prestige at the Aeromodeler Club’s third annual spring outdoor meet last Sunday. The meet, in which 126 contestants from the middle west participated, was held just off road 43, aboqt 10 miles north of Lafay-
ette.
Schroeder defeated such model bigwigs as Carl Goldberg and Joe Konefes, alleged two of the best “gas jobbers” in the country. Private Ed Lidgard of Chanute Field had the highest individual time in the meet, 16 minutes, 36 seconds. He won the rubber-propelled event. Weather was almost too favorable, the very breezes that enabled contestants to set records carried planes for out of sight. An unusual number of models were lost. Prizes amounted to $125, all in aeronautical merchandise such as gas motors and model kits, most of which was purchased by the local club. Donations by manufacturers made up the remainder. The club plans to show pn hour sound movie entitled “Youth Takes Wings” this Friday evening at 7:15 o’clock in the Union. The picture gives a very comprehensive view of the model field today as well as much interesting and instructive information on “life-size” flying. Discussion Finalists Compete At 7:30 PM In HE Auditorium Finalists in the Intramural Discussion group will.compete tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium. Those competing are: Janet Pickering, Kappa Kappa Gamma; George Tipswnrk, Pi Kappa Alpha; William Neff, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Maurice Bernhard and Haskell Metz, Tau Epsilon Phi; Donald Grant, Circle Pines; Gerhard Notthmann and Gerhard Van Biema, Sigma, Alpha Mu. Each of the eight finalists will give a seven minute speech on the “Action Phase” which wi^ include their personal program for dealing with the part Which the United States plays in the present war. The contestants will be judged on their contributions to the discussions and who have presented their views in the best manner. Two Cups Given A cup will be given to each of the men’s and women’s organizations whose contestants have accumulated the most points. Cups will also be given to the winners themselves. Cups will remain in possession of the winning organization for one year. To obtain permanent possession the cup must be won three times. Leaders of the discussion at the end of the fifth round are Tau Epsilon Phi, 110; Sigma Alpha Mu, 110; Pi Kappa Alpha, 110; Triangle, 100; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 100; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 90; Alpha Xi Delta, 70. w.m.c. Major Roby To Meet ROTC Seniors For US Air Corps Seniors enrolled in ROTC who are interested in the U. S. Air Corps will meet with Major Roby, U. S. Air Corps, at 4 p. m. Wednesday, May 7, in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building, according to C. L. Baum, 1st Lt. F. A. Major Roby is from Patterson Field, Ohio, and is coming to the campus to speak to all graduating meipbers of the Purdue ROTC who are interested in receiving their commission ip,the Air Corps, nonrated status. All senior ROTC members are requested to attend.
Whitaker Reveals
'Request Additional
Tickets By Letter-' . . # • m States Committee NdZI AtriCdll Pldll
Commencement Ticket Scarci^ Forces Action Because all tickets for commencement on June 8 are reserved this year and because of the abnormally large number of graduates and faculty members in attendance, the Gala Week Committee issued the following proclamation yesterday: “Requests for addition tickets to commencement must be made in the form of a letter which must be in our hands no later than May 12. It must contain these points: “(11 Name, address and telephone number of person applying for the additional tickets; (2) Number of tickets desired; (3) Relation of those receiving the tickets to the graduating senior; (4) Can you get along with a fewer number of tickets than applied for in (2) ? What is this-minimum number? (5) The exact location of those from whom the tickets are intended, that is the town and sta’te wherein these parties reside; (6) Why do you believe your need for additional tickets is urgent enough to merit such a reques?” Letters not treating all these points will not be considered. They must bemailed to Charles Bowman, Acacia Fraternity, 427 State street, or to Ted Axton, Beta Theta Pi Fraternity, 160 Littleton street. Final distribution of the excess tickets rests with the entire Gala Week Committee. The maximum number possibly available will be no more than two hundred, probably much less. It is hoped that the student body will realize the position of the committee and not be too hasty in their condemnation. We will expend every effort toward achieving a fair distribution.” Reamer Club Show Supplies IM Funds “Reaching- for the Sun,” a picture starring Joel McRea and Ellen Drew will be presented at the Lafayette theatre May 19-21 and sponsored by the Reamer club, athletic service honorary, for the purpose of ' supplying funds for the intramural department. The sponsoring of a show byj;he club has become a custom in the past few years to supply funds for the intramural department to use in its awards for the following year and as usual the ^ entire amount made on the show will be given to the department. Tickets for the afternoon and eevning performances, both upstairs and down, I for all three days may be obtained from member^ of the club. All organized houses, cooperative houses, clubs and residence halls will be visited in the next few days by members of the club, b.h.w.
'Batdielor Born' Tickets Go On Sale This Morning Reserved seats for the special showing of the Playshop production “Bachelor Born” Saturday evening at 9 o’clock will be on sale daily starting today at the ticket office in Fowler Hall. Office hours are.from 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 o’clock. Seats are 76 cents each and season coupons may ^Iso be exchanged at this time.
Exponent
. . . staff, faculty board members, and 'guests, eighty-five strong, attended the annual banquet Sunday night in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Editor Bob Donahue attempted to hold the session down enough to get the “paper” to bed in time. Keys were awarded to sophomore, and junior workers at the
close of the banquet. ^
Hitler Hopes For Isolation Of Mediterranean Outpost By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE Of The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 194L The Ofaicago Daily News, Inc. Somewhere in Europe.—^The German occupation of France, Spain, Portugal and much of North Africa now appears certain unless the United States enters the war and joins Great Britain iin preventive action before Hitler’s plans can be developed and completed. Except for the Iberian Peninsula Hitler already controls the whole of Europe, but he plans to make the “New Order” all-erabracive not from personal vainglory but for sound strategic reasons based on a war plan that never leaves the initiative to
-.From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Serrice. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. • British Raid Bagdad Hea-vy British air raids on the Bagdad airport, combined with the occupation of certain key points in Iraq and with other factors, indicate an improved military situation in the fight for the Mosul oil fields, London reports. • Hitler's Naval Orders “If Adolf Hitler’s naval commanders have received orders to carry out to the letter the official German policy as announced to the world,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington, “then at any moment an encounter between German and American armed forces may occur ‘somewhere in the Atlantic’.” • Rumor Attack On Crete The long-expected German attack on the island of Crete, Greece’s new headquarters, was believed to have begun yesterday, when the Royal Air Force reported it had shot down four Nazi raiders. •’ ' / • Nazi Battleships HitFor the first time, direct hits were claimed by the British yesterday on the two German battleships in the harbor at Brest, although in previous raids bombs had been observed to fall near them. It was the 16th attack since the ships put in there. • Citizen Evacuation “Unless the government does something big and fast,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, what the British themselves term . “an ugly situation” is likely to develop from failure to evacuate nonessential civilians from bombed provincial cities. , • Hitler To Reichstag In his speech to the Reichstag, radios David M. Nichol from Berlin, Hitler made “no repeated promise of victory in 1941, but, instead, the statement that German armed forces will see the highest poirit of their achievement this year. German arms, he said, will be better ‘nekt year’.” Fifty Students Leave For Inspection Tour Fifty sophomore and junior animal husbandry students left yesterday for a three day inspection trip v of livestock farms between here and the University of Kentucky farm at Lexington, Kentucky. Monday and Tuesday’s program includes stops at a woolen mill at Seymour, Indiana,, the Kalarama Farm, Springfield, Kenutcy, and numerous stops at livestock farms around Lexington. After visiting the University of Kentucky farm Wednesday morning the grqpp, accompanied by Prof. C. F. Gobble, Prof. J. T. Frost and Mr. J. A. Hoefer, all of the animal husbandry staff, will return to the campus Wednesday evening, d.e.b.
others. ^ Vichy Invites Hitler Vichy, or Unoccupied France, invites Hitler because he needs a contiguous stretch of German-ruled territory from the Reich itself to North Africa, because “occupied” Italy is insufficient to this purpose without the naval bases at Toulon in France and Bizerte in Tunisia and because he sees the possibility of seizing the French navy. Hitler Needs Gibraltar er i the wester Mediterraea adat Spain invites him because Gibral. tar remains the rock of British seapower in the western Mediterranean and must be isolated regardless of whether Hitler is able to take Seuz. Portugal invites him—^though his first step there will probably be the rupture of the Anglo-Portuguese alliance rather than immediate occupoation—because he needs air and submarine bases on that flank of the British Isles if he is to win the “Battle of the Atlantic.” Control Of Africa More important than ahy of these considerations, however, is Hitler’s theory that he must have control of Africa and the bases which extend from the Azores through Dakar. Road To South America American defense can be thought of graphically as lying along the New York-Dakar-London triangle. By confirming his hold on Dakar with control of the African bases down the coast and down the islands extending from Portugal through^ Dakar Hitler will have broken that defensive system. The “Battle of the Atlantic” will be half won and the way will be opened to South America. This is the way Germans and Italians have been talking for some weeks now. Panic In Berlin Panic swept Berlin twice in the last two months and became more acute with the American occupation of Greenland. The Germans thought ^ that the Americans would beat them to the punch. Twice there were rjimors that Washington planned a swift occupation of the Azores and a joint action with the British against Dakar. Such action would have upset plans which Hitler laid early last winer, as your correspondent learned following one of Hitler’s conferences with Mussolini. Such mqves would have been virtually the first instance of Hitler’s being beaten to an initiative by his foes. African'^Bases If Hitler can get the African bases, break the JJew York-Dakar-London triangle and close the Mediterranean before America enters the the war he chn win the “Battle of the Atlantic,” reach Middle Eastern oil and bring Japan into the balance, according to every German with whom your correspondent has talked.
Exponent Business Staff Freshman CaU-ont Due to discomposure suffered by the Business Staff in moving from the East Side office to ita presept quarters in the Union, it has not issued Freshman Call-outs for tl^ year. Now ^ good oppotfusdty awaits interested frosh. Drop into the ExponePt office in thessubchpsp* ment and ask for the MvoFti^inf Staff. Meetmgs will be held 4May and tomorrow at 4 p., m. —GJEMRE.■fk:.
k\ m
f>':
fia^ 2-£ditik
Tuesday, May 6/ 1941
•The RuttO'
...to 1
My gosh, but we’ve had some startling developments around here in the past few days. For instance, we were walking down Waldron the other night, and as Ave passed the Chi 0 house, we glanced up on the porch a.iid THOUGHT we saw Myra McKefe and Jim Ogden sitting together. The next night, however, we saw her with a different guy and we came to the conclusion that we were just seeing things the night before. Therefore, you can imagine our surprise when w^e heard that-she. had taken his pin again. Glad to see it. The Sigma Chis have been doing it up brown with repeats lately, too. Wonder if the “College Widow” had anything to do with it. The pinners and the pinned are Bud Taylor and Chi 0 Betty Ann Grove, Charlie Martin and Mary Ellen Scarff, and Reb Russell and Kappa Jane Thomas., Also have an original one from the same house. Jack Combs pinned the girl back home by the name of Phyllis. Wonder if she saw the show, too. . Another marriage has been plan-
FOR YOUR SWEETHEART
BENRUS Shockproof WATCH
^•Lady AlUe** , /mW/- 50c A WEEK Designed for beauty and accuracy. Color of natural' yellow gold. Smaller than a dime. Complete with black $ilk cord wristlet.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
PLUS
“GREEN ARCHER'
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE HORROR Sharp Fanged Blood Sucking DepA\ I
Ensign Bartlmg Col. Dlystlale Will Speak
#
Mil niiMi;;.:'uNiiiii^'rn
... foi’inerly of Pensacola will be at the personnel office tomorrow to interview and discuss Naval flying with interested students. Ensign Batrling is taking applications for a Boilermaker unit to be formed of Purdue students only, who will go through their training period together. The medical board will be in the Administration building Wednesday and Thursday for physical exams.
ned for June. This one is to take place on June 7 when Laverne Baus marries Haydn Meeker. Don’t know how long this has been planned, but we wonder if the groom to be knows hbw often she’s beeh' dating her childhood beau Joe Dolan. Oh, well, maybe he’s broad-minded. Hey, guess what. The' problem child of'the Alpha Chi house, Jo Regnell and Phi Delt Bill Jones ha,ve finally come to an agreement and a pin has- changed hands. , Go(? bless you, my children. You’ll need it. , While we’re about it, Chi 0 Frankie Thompson has been telling everybody to meet her at the Biology Lions ’cause she’s going to take somebody’s pin. Who’s the sucker, Frankie, and when’s it going to take place? ' The Iron Key boys are even at it these days. Bert Bohlin had his Iron Key on Jean Hagemeyer when we saw them together the other ni'ght. Aren’t you a little out of line there, Bert? What’s the matter with your Cary Club pin ? Maybe he likes to be unorthodox, though. Well) people, see you in the Aatio, we hope.
STEWAffT JODV fj EARLAlfD HEDY LAMARR
with TORY. MARIIN lAGKIE COOPER GHMlE&WINNINfiER EDWMDEVEREn„ HORION'PHILIPDORH
TODAY Wednesday
« Piranmmt PUUn altt lEllilY COMA • UUUN COKNCll AIBERT DEKKER • EOWAOD CVEREn HORTON > TEDDY HART ALSO—— — -
University Military Department will hold its annual inspection Day Banquet Thursday evening, May 8, in the North Ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union. The banquet, which is to be a climax to the Federal inspection of the Corps, will feature an address by Col. W. S. Drysdale, veteran bfficer who has seen more than forty years of Active service with the Army. Also included bh the program will be a presentation of the Albert Smith sabers, Cary Cup and Field Artillery Association medal and awards for military proficiency. Col. G. A. Selleck, Louisyille, Ky.; Lt. Col. F. H. Boucher, Ft. Wayne; and Lt. Col. G. R. Hayman, Ft. Hayes, 0., members of the Inspection Board which will review and appraise the Corps, will be prominent guests at the function, and the Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert Stewart, will present a program of singing. President Elliott Toastmaster Ticket sales for the occasion will continue until toiiight and those-who expect to attend may procure them for one dollar in the Supply Room of the Armory. According to Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese, who is in charge of the afr fair, the banquet is open to all who wish to attend, and basic military students and members of the faculty are cordially invited to come. President Elliott will be toastmaster, and the function will commence ' promptly at seven o’clock in the evening, l.m.s.
' I M Schedules ALL CAJtn-US TENNIS Tuesday, May ,6—-4:16 p. m. Eden vs Schalliol ' j Sells ys C. 'W. Haywary Jim Cummings vs Liciftenberg Graham vs Huisken / — G. C. Sitz vs' R. B. Wjlley or E. W. Mees R. S. Howe vs H. C.'^Laflerty McLiaughlin vs Ratchford Kraybill vs Poll or Dutch Collins vs Eweksbury ' F. C. Andrews vs Musselman or Crystal C. T. Tafel vs L. E. Osborne , 'Wells vs Albright R. IBrick vs A. W; Klein A. L. Myers vs A. M. Olmsted , W. E. Dudzinski vs R. W. Hoose A. K. Pickering vs K. y. Smith Burnldge vs J. G. Dean or J. C. Harrison C. Lynch vs R. R. Porterfield ’ ’ S. J. Murphy vs R. E. 'Wagner F. J. Turner vs E. E. Jett L. E. Danford vs iR. A. Kuntz or . L. E. JFleck W. B. Agler vs W. Niese
BASEBALL
Tuesday, May 6
Diamond
1. Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Tau Delta 2. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Pi Kappa Phi
3. Acacia vs Kappa Sigma
4. Phi Delta Theta vs Beta Sigma Psi 6. Triangle vs /Phi Gamma Delta 6. Phi; Sigma. Kappa vs Sig^a Nu 7. Theta X!hl vs Sigma Alp'ha Mu
8. Sigma Chi vs Theta Xi
Theta Tau vs Sigma Phi Epsilon
Delta Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho
TAe IMIU^
See by the papers where Hitler says he can lick the whole world with one hand tied behind h^s back. With the aid of the German army. And FDR stated that the United States was ready to fight again, too. Even if it has *to be for Democracy. With all this ^j^ugalistic chatter We feel that we ought to be allowed to put in our two cents, too. But all we can say is v. . My God, here we go.Bgain. ' , And the outcome just depends , on whose big brother ... Is the biggest. y Which reminds us. It doesn’t take much guts . . . To tell how tough your brother is. ’ ' * * * A few of these boys might get more out of it. If they had to fight their own battles for awhile. Among tile numerous bills that almost but never quite get to the floor of congress is or was one which would require women to wear two cotton petticoats. To help relieve the oversupply; Of cotton. The oine -thing they didn’t figure on was .. . That the trend is definitely in the opposite direction. * Z' On the beaches it’s already hard enough ... To get the women to wear anything. * * * And thk law would probably be called unconstitu-
M-seo6nd «]«■■ iiukter at ihe poit la Lafayette, Indiana^ under the act of Copgreee of Mareh |, 1879, and at the ■peeial;' rate of postage pravided for in' section 1108, act of -October S, lOlYa anthoriced danuaiT 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the re^ar academic year and weekly during the Sdmiher. Sessieh. Delivered locally by carrier foi^CS.OO per year, mail iiibscription, R8.60.. ' BdHer-in-Chief..... .R. W. Denahne Bnainesa Managar.^ : —.....Merle Hagemeyer ' Fublieatioh Staff ' NeWe Editor..... — H. ICeKee Managing Editolr........;.......-,..^..........—-;:^.:...;..-..!}, K. Bhiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ocliiitree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Bnffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. Ii. Trahgoti Buiincsi Staff Local AdTertiaing Managera: D. S. Powers,, G. C. l,anders; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglmajer; Aeeonnts Managdry B. J. Shadford; Circulation' Manager, K, M. Recktenwald. ^ * Co-ed Staff Editor.' ...—....,—,_.:..........Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess.. . - Sports Staff Editor......... ...._.;.......-..........;...J.'' P. Dolan' Associate.Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for nationaP advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 426 Ma^sbn Ave., New Tori, N. Y. Staff For This Issuh Night Editor: Allanson Day Editor: Barson Issue Editor: Smith Night Sports Editor: FraSer Staff: E. J. Kieper, R. R. Runnion, B. J. Smith, W. M.’ Clark, J. F. Zinski, C. F. Hass, A. Chatfleld, P, Stenberg, A. Worsley. '
tional anyhow. Seeing as how it interferes with the bill of rights. Seriously infringing on the fairer sex’ right to life, liberty . . . , And the pursuit of men.—dkh.
9.
10.
.FINALS HORSESHOE DOUBLES Tuesday, May 6 Kappa Sigma vs Phi Delta Theta Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Theta Pi Alpha Kappa Lambda Vs Delta Upsilon Phi Kappa vs Theta Tau
Wo Are Now Restoring the vitamin Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels • hy Using Fleischmaiili's Hi-Bt Yeast
By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, May 5—Until the results of the appeal to Iraq by the deposed regent, Emir Abudul Tllah, become evident it will be impossible to know whether the British are to have the support of the Iraqis against the German plot to seize the Mosul oil fields in a bold move to corner both Iraq and Iranian (Persian) oil. Biitish Not Fighting Iraqis The British, it is stated categorically in London, are not fighting the Iraqis but German Agents and the usurper, Raschid Ali Al Gailani, who overthrew the constitutional government of Iraq. Raschid Ali’s ’apipeal for German help has been unanswered, so far, but reports indicate that the Germans are planning one of their now familiar encircling moveihents in the Middle East in order to secure the* oil fields undamaged. Exactly when the attack will be launched depends on the speed with which the German “units” in Syria and Iran (Persia) prepare the ground. It would be foolish to underestimate the imjjortance of Iraq’s oil, as some of the British press is now trying to do, since the possibility of this important supply being lost to Great Britain must be considered. But it is true that Iran’s supply is greater than that of the '. Mosul fields, as Iran turns out an nually 11,000,000 tons, most of which is refined, while iTaq produces 4,000,000 tons of crude oil. Nazi Agency Active
National defense against total warfare is essentially an engineering enterprise. Engineers in large numbers are needed to design and maxnjf aqture the equipment needed in mechanized warfare. The output of engineering colleges, which was barely sufficient to meet the needs of industry*and government during normal times, will not satisfy the present demand. The fact thnt nearly 200 industrial organizations visited the campus of Purdue University this year to secure engineering students-is clear evidence that the demand for acceptable graduates from the regular fouryear engineering curricula far exceeds t^e supply. Government agencies and industry have urged that to continue to provide engineering graduates is the foremost duty of the engineering schools durihg' the national emergency. ■■ ■■ - ' Large numbers of students.have consulted me during recent-months as to what they should do as patriotic Americans. My advice in all cases has been for undergraduate students to continue their etudies to the completion of degree requirements, so that they are thorouighly prepared fdr service tb our government. An undergraduate engineering student is unwise to interrupt his studies in Order to accept at this time employment in industry, as the greatest need is tov engineers who are competent as desighei's and industrial executives. Industrinl employment during the summer is desirable, but many students find it advantageous to continue their studies during the summer, in order to complete the requirements for a degree in the shortest possible time, to be ready and to .aid in meeting the shortage of engineers. Students must remember that there is no short cut to the established procedure for practide of the profession of engineering. To be enticed from the bbjdctive ‘of com’pletiUg the requirements for a degree by temporary industrial employment would be uhwise alike from the standpoint of the student, industry, and governnient. More and better ^adiiate engineers are likely for some years to be among the most essential elements in national preparedness and for later industrial development. A. A. Pdtter, . Dean of iEhgineering.
Dr. Scarefh To Speak
Two hundred of the 670 siudents at Norwich university are freshmen; There will be only 62 graduating cadets in June. '
Dr. George Scareth, University soil research chemist will be the main speaker at the Agricultural Education society banquet tomorrow evening at 6 p. m. in thie Home Economics cafeteria.
He recently returned from a trip to South America and is expected to recount some of his experiences on the trip, according to Truman Hays, chairnian of the committee in chaiSge of arrangements. A t This meetihg the sodety will award an honor key to the senior, prospective teacher who hat been voted by class-mates as possessing, to the highest Degree, qualities of personality, character, leadership and scholarship. e.g.k.
TODAY - Wednesday
ijsst - ..vwfe
GEO. BRENT- MARY ASim Lucil* Waiion • .Baltic McDaniel
FRESHEN (IP! The month of May is rej Spring G lothe s begin to need at tentiom;,' : : smo us YOUR DRY mMY
f I !li g LRAJI R M P F I MJI EA 8r' %V
1-
-ih'f'
' ^ w\
V - " r j.% ’'\'^^ ^ '*'^ ' IL " ' " - , ^ ‘ %" '^•' <" ly ( r ^vsi ^ i;^ \^ mr ■/2'' ^ ,C^ ^ f * -?' ^ r ^ " vi. ** ^ . U ^ ■' ^ >- W ' f'? ^ ^ ^ ^ 1 Jr V ’■.^ ' i , ^ .* -, . f ' ^ ! -' ' " ’ * ' '
Puhdua £xfaoMtd
T««^«y;M«y6.194l
3~Sf^iydJu
Tennis Team Drops First Diamondmen Renew Feud With Irish Match; Golf Team Beaten MirhmaniMri^ Wpdem Conferente Rate- R^eters Joumey |o South Bend Today iiini»iM««u>se ifctau>»icw,Jw (lotlliwesleni Sfluad Holds SkoikI Honors ToJ!(Hii™Holre Dame AflaA 01 April M To strong Indiana Team On Spartan Courts Today " - —""™ - '■"" - -
The ups and downs of the Riveter golf team continued to be downs as Coach HsUry Allspaw and a traveling squad of four men returned to the campus last night after absorbing another licking. A strong Indiana University team turned the trick yesterday, beating the Boilermakers 12% to 6% on a Bloomington golf course of questionable quality. One Victory In the program of two doubles and four singles matches, the Riveters were able to garner only one victory. Bob Hoffer made himself the solitary hero by winning his singles match against Van Horn, in the closest match of the day. De^ spite the one-sided score, the local team made a fine showing; many of the matches hinging upon the outcome of a single hole. A lusty wind bothered the golfers throughout most of the morning rounds, but in the afternoon singles matches the poor condition of the golf course took honors as chief troublemaker. Scoring honors for the day were divided between Bob Hoffer and Indiana’s Penning, who each carded 73’s. Hoffer’s low round was the deciding factor in his victory over Van Horn, whose 74-kept the Riveter hustling all afternoon. Michigan Next The golf team is inactive until next Monday when it will travel to Ann Arbor for a match with Michigan. The Wolverines possess one of the strongest teams in the conference and are* picked as favorites in the Big Ten meet.
Ann Arbor, Michigan, May 6— (Special to Purdue Exponent)'— Humbled for the first time in the 1941 Season, Larry LaBree’s tennis team was completely overwhelmed by a powerful Wolverine net combination. Unable to gain a* foothold, tha Boilermaker racquet men could not win a single match from their Wolverine adversaries. Conference Champs? Slated as the team most likely to finish the season in the first position in Western Conference competition, the lads from Ann Arbor made a clean sweep of the affair in spite of the splendid competition offered by Captain Anderson and his teammate Stettner. Michigan netters have yet to taste defeat this year and will probably not run into serious difiiculties until they face Northwestern’s tennis squad. The Wildcat team is the either Big Ten combination which is likely to capture the Big Ten crown in this activity this spring. The five lads that made the trip to Ann Arbor for today’s encounter will continue their battles in Michigan tomorrow when they come to grips with another top-ranking team, that which represents Michigan State, The Spartan tennis club is considered to rank very near to top in this part of the country. Up until today’s defeat at the hands of the Wolverine the Gold and Black netters have known nothing but victory. Matches with Illinois, Indiana State Teachers and DePauw were won with little exertion on the part of the Boilermaker court'masters.
MJUAr Jjpo^^ RYTEX POST-HASTE PRINTED STATIONERY MAY SPECIAL! 100 SINGLE SHEETS, 50 ENVELOPES OR 50 DOUBLE SHEETS, 50 ENVELOPES OR 50 MONARCH SHEETS, 50 ENVELOPES New . . . New . . . New! A writing paper in an exhilarating SAUTERNE color ... or a captivating HAZE-BLUE . . , smartly accented with printed Envelope linings in Brown, Blue or Grey. Printed with your Name, Monograrh pr Name and Address. A very special writing creation . . . for May only! Stationery Shop — Street Floor
WAA News
A hard-hitting Michigan University Ibaseball team found itself holding top honors in the Big Ten baseball circuit, today, by virtue of a pair of lop-sided victories over the Ohio State nine during the past week-end. The Wolverines will rest on their laurels until Friday when they risk their unblemished record of four wins and no defeats against Illinois, at Ann Arbor.
Hawkeyes Sink
The position shuffling which resulted from the past week-end’s games pushed he hapless Hawkeyes of Iowa from a tie for first place down to fifth place. Iowa, considered the powerhouse of the conference, was considerably irked by a double beating administered to them by an under-rated Minnesota nine, on Friday and Saturday afternoons. The first game went to the Gophers, four to three, and the next day they finished off the Hawkeyes, three to
two.
Other movements in the standings included Indiana’s jump from the second division to fourth place; thanks to a pair of Gala Week victories over the Riveters. While the Hoosiers were occupying the Boilermaker’s minds, Illinois took advantage of Chicago’s usual lack of ability in running'^rampant in both of thejr games. The lllini started the week-end by handing ihe Maroons a 22 to 4 beating and restrained themselves on Saturday to win 16 to 3. In Saturday’s “contest,” the Maroons made 14 errors. Big Week-End This coming week-end’s schedule of games include the feature contest between Michigan and Illinois, Northwestern’s visit to Boilermaker grounds, and Minnesota’s challenging of Wisconsin. To complete the baseball calendar, Ohio State travels to Indiana and Iowa and looks with Iileasure on their forthcoming series with Chicago. j.d.f.
The WAA archers will soon participate in two telegraphic meets, the State Intercollegiate Archery Tournament, sponsored by Butler University, and a tournament sponsored by the National Archery Association. The Butler tournament must be shot bet-v^een May 5th and May 23rd; the national tournament, between May 13th and May 20th. Both events are to be Columbia
Rounds.
Girls wishing to take part in the tournaments may practice any evening at four o’clock. Instructions will be given on Tuesdays and Fridays at that time. The WAA individual archery tournament will be shot during the weeks of May 12th and May 19th. The five necessary practices must be in by Friday, May 9th. If girls who wish to enter any of the tournaments are unable to practice at four o’clock, they may practice at any hour of the day when targets are up. Score sheets should be turned into Shirley Johnson. Any further information may be obtained from her by calling 2907.
—^waa—
Ohio State University will hold the firsF National Women’s Collegiate Golf Tournament June 30th to July 3rd. The University has been invited to send four players to compose a team. After one day of team play, the players will be placed in flights for individual matches. Every girl in the University is entitled to try out for this tournament. Those interested should report to Marjori^ Brown at the Women’s Gym at four o’clock on
Sally Stanton, queen of Pasadena’s Jan. 1 rose parade, recently addressed students at California Institute of Technology.
Wednesday. It is important that the team be chosen immediately so that several practices may be held. p.s.
Doikt forg^ to stodl^ up oik n necessities— a good first-aid to a good time is^ SPORt SHIRTS & SLACKS or an Ensemble Ftm <SE1SLM'S
SHIRTS Priced from $1.00 up
SLACKS Priced from $3.50 up
EMB£mB1,£S Priced from $2.50 up
Nine Boilermaker diamondmen will be gunning to turn last month’s 3-3 tie between the Irish and Gold and Black squads into a real-for-sure victory, when they face the Notre Dame squad on the South Bend diamond this afternoon. Last April 10 Coach Dutch Fehring’s ball-clouters went out behind the local Fieldhouse to swaihp the Irish invaders, but after outhitting Notre Dame they had to accept a 3-up tie at the end of
the tenth because of darkness.
Irishman’! lilnsions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan The football game played last Saturday in our stadium still has echoes, oqe of which seems to be the sturdy J)lay of the Purdue guards and the play of the Purdue men who are subject to the draft. Tom Melton, Pete Timperman, and John Petty are up for a year (and then some) in our army. These three Iqds are certainly something to cry about—^but in the case of two of them, there is unlimited hope of retainment for Purdue’s use. _I.I_ Petty and Timperman aVe both engineering students; therefore, in keeping with the federal policy of allowing engineers and physicians a continuance in their education, there is no fear of seeing Pete or Big John discard their gold silk uniforms. But Tommy Melton is up the creek without a paddle. —I-I— Tom is a physical ed. student, and although .these kids take more actual anatomy and therapy study than ordinary pre-meds, they aren’t classed as medicine students. Tommy’s loss would certainly be keenly felt, because he plays shol^un football from the word “go.” But the play of a reserve guard last week brightened the cloudy horizon of next November and CTctober. —I-I— It Was the play of Bill Ehrlich, sophomore guard from Loraine, O. Bill, playing in the shadow of cocaptains like Miller and Melton, had a few people wondering if he intends to beat the captains out of
Emmert On Mound Johnny Emmert out on the mound, and Capt. Bud Fisher behind the plate are the likely starting batteries for the Riveters today, with Don Blanken being shifted over to first for the contest. Blanken will return to the tnound over the week-end when the Northwestern Wildcats come to Lafayette. Notre Dame’s record has beeii fairly average all seasons; however. Northwestern topped them in both games of a two-game series last week. Coach Jake Kline will probably use Sebastian (Subby) Nowicki, a junior hurler, against Coach Fehring’s squad again, with Bernie Crimmins starting as catcher. Other boys on the South Bend club who showed plenty of zip April 10, and* who will give the Boilermakers no little trouble are shortstop Ray Pinelli and right fielder Bill Stewart. Pine Record This year the Gold and Black diamondm'en have turned in an excellent record, losing only 7 out of 18 contests, with Big-Ten competition being the team’s main weakness. In view of this, the squad is out for a few conference scalps, and hope to begin a climb up the ladder after the Notre Dame gdme his afternoon. d.e.b.
their positions by the Way he tackled and blocked Saturday, especially blocked. The blocking of a guard in the Purdue system is extremely difficult in that ofte has to be somewhat of a eontortionist to “pull out of the line” and lead the interference around the ends and over tackles. ' —I-I— Ehrlich, pa3nng strict attention to tutelage of new coach, Joe .Boland, has learned to block until he almost resembles a dam good quarterback. And Bill’s beautiful lasso tackle of the vastly improved Rocky Snyder when the Rock was headed for a 48-yard touchdown gallop has the Rock still cussing.
WotL
Delicious Home-M^de, hand-packed candies—K tempting treat for Mother's Day remembrance.^ (When you cheese our candies you know you are giving the best.) GLATZ
536* Main Street
“REST ASSURED” V ' HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Flreprool
Newly Decorated Blue Mazer Airconditioned \
Fourth a^d Ferry
LafayetteX
! ■
-V--
fiaqiL ❖ - S^^nsJud,
Tuesday, May 6, 1941
fijuJuim: ^xfuHtent
New Playshop Petitions Due Before May 72 Members of the 1941-42 student managing board of the Playshop will be selected soon, H. Kenn Carmichael. director, has announced. Petitions for the. positions should be addressed to Carmichael and turned in at the Playshop office in Powler Hall by Wednesday, May 12. Persons applying must be scholastically eligible, belong to the organization, and be enrolled as a junior or senior in the University. The seven positions of the managing board are business manager, assistant business manager, stage manager, laboratory group manager, publicity manager, house manager, and personnel manager, w.e.r. Fraternity Advisors Will Dine Tonight; Ask House Officers Members of the Fraternity Advisor’s Association will attend their second dinner this evening at 6:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union, according to J. J. Davis, chairman of the committee. They plan to make the dinners an annual occurrence. Fred H. Turner, Dean of Men at the University of Illinois, will be the principal speaker. He is educational advisor of the association and will speak of his experiences in that office. K. W. Moellering, president of the Association, will have charge of the meeting. Each advisor is requested to invite and bring with him the president of his fraternity and any nearby national officer, r.r.i’.
Gimlin Names Activily P'
Bureau Staff For 1941
registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. , —STONE.
Bob Gimlin, director, announces the staff for Activities Bureau for the coming year: Jim Walley, executive; Les Woehlke in charge of the Data Sheet committee; Lois Thompson, chairman of the Freshmen Interview committee; Virginia Pfister, chairman of the activities section of the Handbook; Marilyn Miles, chairman of the Index committee; Bob Olson, chait'man of the office committee; arid Tom Baldwin, chairman of the publicity committee. Freshmen are urged to come up to the Activities Bureau office on Wednesday, May 7, at 4 o’clock to be assigned to the various committees. Each committee has a freshman program outlined and is eager to get the schedule under way. a.r.w. Carnival .Comes With all the din and glamour of the circus, the Gold Medal Shows, who are to exhibit on the showgrounds at Holloway and Owen streets for one week starting last night, arrived in Lafayette early Monday morning and immediately started setting up the “Miniature Coney Island,” which will furnish the pleasure zone, for the celebration which is being sponsored by The Booster Club of Merou Grotto. The Gold Medal Shows, consisting of 30 shows, rides and free acts, are rated as one of the largest and cleanest outdoor amusement organizations in America today. Among the many features of the week will be Capt. Jimmy Jamison, who dives from the topmost part of a 110 foot ladder, into a blazing inferno. This act is given free at each performance. Tuesday is “Ladies Night,” when ladies will be admitted to the showgrounds free, from 6 till 9 p. m. Many other special events are scheduled for the week.
.... social fraternity, announces the pledging of William H. Koenig,
South Bend.
Eta Kappa Nu Actives and Pledges: Informal initiation will be held Tuesday, May 6 in reading room of BE Building. Actives be there by 7:16 p. m., pledges by 7:30. —HUBTGREN.
Hear PAULA KELLY with America’s No. 1 Dance Band Leader GLENN MILLER in "Moonlight Serenade' • FOR PURDUE Tues., Wed., Thurs at 9 p. m. C. B. S. Stations
\
J. J
Hear PATSY GARRETT with FRED WARING and his Pennsylvanians in "Pleasure Time"
•
FOR PURDUE Mon., Tues.', Wed. Thurs., FrL _ at 6 p. m. N. B. C. Stations
Classified Ads
Typewriters sod adding machines, asw and ased, far sale, rent and repaired. Ail makee of portable typewriters, ISt.TC ts IS9.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph aad multigrapb work. C. F. Bbershofl, SOf Main St. Phaaa, S77t. For Rent: Ruse-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all oeessipna. Min. $2.Bg ail night. Phone 24$7. Ij Wanted: A responsible student to drive car to New Orleans. Cali 36621. Lost: Delta Gamma Mother’s pin. Saturday p. m. between .house and Music Hall. Reward. Phone 8439. Lost: A wallet containing passport on campus Thursday evening, May 1st. Will finder please call Steve Bakalyar, 2428. Reward. Lost: Cary Club pin; initials F. C. R. Call F. C. Richardson, 8446. Reward.
Chance of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file h’s application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
POMM: Formal initiation and election of officers in Armory Tuesday, May 6, at 6 p. m. —McCAMMON.
Credit Union: Very important reorganization meeting Tuesday, May 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 66 of the Union. Imperative all members attend. —BELCHER.
Christian Sci^ce Organization: Regular meeting Tuesda^y evening. May 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. Important business meeting to follow. ' —BURROUGHS.
Religious Council: Picnic for all old and new members Wednesday, May 7. Leave in front of Wesley Foundation at 4 :15 p. m. —HAMILTON.
Riding Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 6, 7:30 p. m. in Union. Ask at West Desk which room. Reserve seat passes will be given out. * —GRAHAM.
Lost: Green suit coat at intramural field practice greens. Contains valuable paper. Phone 65062. Reward.
Notices
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a short meeting Tuesday, May 6, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Ticket sales will be checked. Any committee member unable to attend the meeting should call me before the designated meeting time. —MEESE.
Alpha Phi Omega; Election of officers in room 304 of the Union at 7:30 tonight. —YATES.
Radio Club: There will be an open meeb ing Tuesday, May 6, in room 264 in tne EE building. Mr. C. G. Hylkema will give a lecture demonstration on “The Measurement of Radio Circuit Elements At High Frequencies.’’ All members please be present as election of officers will be held. —REYNOLDS. All Sqphomore Chem and Mets: All sophomores who have not been excused must take the comprehensive i examinations to be given May 3 and 10, 1-4 p. m. and 7-10 p. m. respectively in room 129 of the' EE building. —BRAY. Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, are requested to make application before the end of I the present year on the blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at
RIDE THE NEW
Organization Presidents and All Others Concerned: Request that any dogs owned or controlled by your organization be confined so that they will not cause a disturbance during the review by the Cadet Corps on Thursday, May 8, from 1 to 4 p.m. —LT. McMAKEN.
PIA Chorus: Compulsorjr rehearsal tonight in the PIA office at 7 :30. Everybody be there as we are rehearsing for the Mother’s Day Program Saturday. —SMULEVITZ.
Old PIA Executive Board: Please come up to the office before this Monday afternoon to sign up to go on the Turkey Run picnic. —ELDER.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 261 of Union. All members are urged to be prompt.- There will be an election of officers. —GERSTUNG. Flying Club: Meeting in room 263 of the Union at 7 p. m. on Wednesday for election of officers. Aretz will be present to discuss the airshow. —GREVE.
Copyright 194l,.Lic(!nT & Mriu TobaccoXo.
First All-Coach Streamliner and Finest and Fastest Train between CINCINNATI, INDIANAPOLIS, LAFAYETTE, CHICAGO You will enjoy the modem day-liner luxury of thenew James Whitcomb’Riley. A travel favorite at first sight, the "RiKy” is timed to your maximum business convenience. From sleek locomotive to rounded observation it contains every de luxe travel comfort —stainless steel coaches, exquisite diner serving low cost meals, scenic lounge with smart cafe. Fluorescent lighting. Air-conditioned throughout.
Luxurious Streamlined Coaches— Spacious, individual reclining seats reserved without extra cost. Modern powder and smoking rooms. For Information and Reservations Phone 6303
ROUND TRIP SCHEDULE Northbound (DaUo Sundat/) 8:00 A.M. Lv. Cincinnati (E.5.T.) 8:50 A.M. Ar. Indianapolis (C.5.T.) 9:59 A*M. Lv. Lafayetw 11:20 A.M. Ar. Kankakee 12:30 P.M. Ar. CHicago (Central Sta.)
(Mfohfffan BM,, itooMwett JZmhI)
CoaTenient oonnectiono with Western Trains
Ar. 11:00 P.M. Ar. 8:00 P.M. Lv. 6:52 P.M. Ar, S-idS P.M. Lv. 4:30 P.M.
NEW YORK CENTRAL * BIG FOUR ROUTE
AWS House President’s Council: Meeting at 7 p. m. tonight in the AWS office. Mrs. Ida Canan of the YWCA will speak. If impossible to attend please send a representative. —DOHERTY.
an office must present qualifications at this time. -t-LUERS. _
Purdue Players: Petitions for managing board poistions are due at the - Playshop office before Wednesday, May 12. —CARMICHAEL.
WAA Baseball: 4 p. m. Wednesday, May 7. Ward I vs Ward III. Class practice^ will be held on Wednesday, too. People desiring to make their class etams must practice at this time. Final games will be played on Friday. —COOPER.
Debris Bophomores: The following people will report for interviews in room 263 Wednesday, May 7, as scheduled: Richard Carr, 4:16,: Burton Hineline, 4:26; Jane Blank, 4:86; Ruth Walker, 4:46: George Corbus, 4:66; William Ruggles, 6:0B; Mardelle Edwards, 6:16 ; Calrk Ross, 6:26. —JONES
Debris Sophomores: The following people will report for^ interviews this afternoon. May 6, in rooni 263 as scheduled: Jeanne Patrick, 4:16; Harvie Merrill, 4:25; Richard Ball, 4:36 ; P. A. Farnsworth, 4:6B ; William Feik, 6:06; Wayne Osborn, 5:16; Dwight Zeller, 6 :26 ; Dorothy Benson, 6:36. —JONES.
Battery C-4; Be sure to wear uniforms to drill Friday morning. May 9, 1941. -MASSEY.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Election of officers 7 p. m. tonight in room 307 of the Union before presentation of award. New initiates be sure to be on time. —WAYNE.
AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday night at 7:30 in AWS office. —McCullough.
Ag Ciiems: Meeting Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Union. Election of officers. Everyone must be present. —ELKIN.
Ceres: There will be a meeting tonight at 7 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. —HOD.
Newman Club: A meeting of the nominating committee and all those who wish to be selected as candidates for office next year will be held Wednesday evening, May 7, at 7 ;30 in room 302. Members desiring
ait JhUL (x^ndL Holloway and Owen St. Showground (III MlDil SHtlllS “America's Largest and Cleanest Amusement Company" SHOWS RIDES FREE ACTS Featuring CAPT. IIMMY JAMISON in his 110 Foot Dive into a Blazing Inferno Auspices Booster Club of Merou Grotto
TUESDAY is "LADIES DAY". Ladies admitted to the showgrounds free, from 6 till 9 p. m.
Camera Club Exhibitors: Critique of Gala Week exhibit will be given in the music room Thursday evening. May 8, beginning promptly at 7:30 p. m. This should prove very educational, so attend if possible. —TOWLE
Debris Business Staff Sophomores: The following people wJll report in room 263 Thursday evening. May 8, as scheduled: Mary Jane Burton.^ 7:00; Steve Minton, 7:10 : Joe Erwin, 7:20; Jane Arnold, 7:30 ; Magdeline Fanetone, 7:40; Hazel Topping, 7 -.60: John Ely, 8 ;00 ; Walter Wilson, 8:10 ; Marjorie Ballard, 8:20. —BREEDB|4 C Newman Club: There will bd a meeting of the executive council on Thursday, May 8, in room 802 at 4 p. m. Every officer must be present. —LUERS
Student Senate: Meeting tonight, Tuesday, May 6. All members of 1940-41 senate please be present. Election of officers. —LAYSON
Senate Members r Keys are here. See me. $1.00 each. —^WISE
Activities Bureau Freshmen: Come up to office Wednesday, May 7, at 4 o’clock to be assigned to committees. —BALDWIN
Thomas Say Entomology Society: Meeting Thursday, April 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 Ag Hall. Plans w^ll be made for the annual entomology society picnic. —RICHMAN
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners’ and advanced classes will meet Thursday, iMay 6. —HUMl^HiREY
the Piirdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. FAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Stc. Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• jewelers '
If It's Hardware We Have (t Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. - Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware ' Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor ' Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building - SUIT and TOPCOAT '”$30'and Up ’