- ■,'< "\’h
.a'-^i
' j. >oi';
sriTE Purfiuc TSxpamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUMB3 XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1937
KUMBEft»<
GOPHERS WIN GAME, 45-41
Engineering Conunittee To Rate Purdue Dr. Compton of M. I. T. Heads Drive For High Professional Standards As part of a national program of the engineers’ professional organizations for the study and rating of engineering schools from a professional viewpoint, a committee of educators will visit the University next Friday and Saturday. Dr. Karl T. Compton, president of M. I. T., is chairman of the national committee in charge of the project. Dean A. A'. Potter, of the engineering schools, is also a member of this committee. The committee named to inspect Purdue coifSists of Dean H. P. Daggett, head of engineering at Rutgers JLlniversity; Alonza J. Hammond, Chicago consulting engineer; Professor C. A. Mann, University of Minnesota; Professor F. W. Marquis, of Ohio State University; and Professor A. D. Moore, of the University of Michigan. National Inspection Inspection of the engineering schools of the country is a move on the part of the national engineering societies to maintain the high standards of the profession, and see that institutions offering engineering training maintain these standards. “Nearly every state in the union has engineering license laws, and to register, an engineer must reach and maintain the standards required by law,” said Dean Potter. “It is hoped that the report by the committee which inspects Purdue will be such that the interests of thousands of engineering alumni are not only protected, but greatly enhanced.”
February 9, 1936 CHEWING/gum is to some, merely a pastime, but to others it represents an art whose fine points are difficult to acquire. A certain New York professor recently classified gum-chewers in the following manner . . . —30— FIRST of all there is the type that chews with a gentle, oscillating motion, like a contented cow . . . next, the type which chews to the rhythm of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers . . . —30— THIRDLY, the kind known as a “railroad chewer,” the ones that produce noises like the “clicketyclack” of train wheels in the night.. —30— THEN there are two types of synchronizers . . . those who synchronize their mouths with their pencils . . and those who time the movements of their jaws with the speed of the lecturer . . . , —30— IMAGINE spending 184 years in completing a college education . . . yet that’s the length of time it would take if a student were to take every course offered at Ohio State University. According to the Ohio State Lantern, student newspaper, 43 degrees would be conferred upon the ambitious student.... —30— WHEN students called for the author of the University of Washington song, “Bow Down To Washington,” at the Rose Bowl game on New Year’s:; Day ... an embarrassing situation arose when two men, both graduates, clambered down to receive the plaudits of the rooting section. Now ... so the story goes .... they've started a legal fight to see officially, just who did write the song.
Elect Merriam Head Of Boy ’ Scout Fraternity G. E. Merriam, of Toledo, Ohio, has been, chosen to head the University chapter of Alpha Phi Omega national boy scout fraternity. Other new officers are; R. L. Burkhardt, Indianapolis, vice president; E. J. Wadleigh, Indianapolis, secretary; and C. W. Gault of Indianapolis. Merriam announced yesterday that Alpha Phi Omega, in cooperation with the local scout council, will stage a merit badge show soon exhibiting the work of scouts in this community.
Burns To Lead Playshop Cast Large Student Cast Will Present ‘‘Both Your Houses” Feb. 19, 20 Benton Bums, as an “honest” congressman, working his way to success, will lead a large student cast in Playshop’s forthcoming dramatization of “Both Your Houses,” to be presented February 19 and 20 at 8 o’clock in the auditorium of Duncan Hall. The play was written by Maxwell Anderson, the author of the recent hit “Winterset,” which ran over a year in New York. The author has received recognition as one of the most outstanding plasrwrights of the present time and his play “What Price Glory” won him especial fame. Poltico Ahrens Fred Ahrens, star comedian in former campus productions including “Carmita” and “Ladies Of The Jury,” will enact the role of a smooth politician conniving for his own interests. Large Cast Other members of the cast are: Richard Hedlund as Simeon Gray; Loretta Van Rie as Miss McCurty; Don Muller as Eddie Wister; William Starrett as Mark; G. Devore as Levering; Arthur Traub as Merton; William Harris as Dell; Richard Tomczak as Sneden; Charles Petry as Wingblatt; Richard Lukenbill as Peebles; Robert Gullion as Farnum; Douglas Harvey as Ebnor; Thais Crepps and Mary Helen Heiss as secretaries. Tickets will be placed on sale Monday at 4 o’clock in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building.
Legislature Gives University Power To Accept Grant A joint resolution which would authorize the University to accept a $200,000 federal grant to be used for further development of the agricultural extension work was unanimously passed by the senate of the Indiana State Legislature yesterday. This action was the first step in making available to the agricultural extension agency the proceeds of the cooperative federal-state fund for the advancement of agricultural extension work which was established by the Bankhead-Jones bill. This acceptance is merely a formality and does not assure the allocation of the funds.
P. M. Department Shows Roof iiig Film Today At 4 “From Rags To Roof,” the first film of the series to be shown this year by the department of practical mechanics, will be presented to the public today and tomorrow, at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops, according to an announcement by Prof. J. D. Hoffman head of the department. The film is from the American Asphalt Roofing Corp., and is related to the building materials theme which has been carried put more this year than in previous years.
Campus Cuties Caper Capriciously
Announces Skit Players “Tempered Justice,” “Tobacco Alley” On Program The cast for “Tempered Justice,” Fred Verber’s original skit which is to be presented by P. I. A.‘ players in the “Independent Night” program in the Union ballroom next Thursday night was announced yesterday afternoon. Members selected to take part in the production include J. W. Monk, Don Wells, L. W. Sown, J. M. Ciborski, W. B. Billings, Margaret Rickey, and N. M. Parkhurst. Directed by Wilson C. White, the program, which will be free to all students and faculty members, will also include the humorous skit “Tobacco Alley,” through special permission of the University of Chicago Press. Among the musical presentations will be songs by William Delaplane, Martha Whitehead, and Benton Burns, as well as several numbers by the P. I. A. orchestra. Short comedy acts will be given by Virginia Baxter, Bill Alexander, and Dick “Bob Burns” Craig.
SOPHOMORES AND FRESHMEN
Sophomores and freshmen wishing to work on the Exponent national advertising staff report to the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth street, Lafayette at 5 p. m. today.
Pony Chorus Looks Good To Student Horse Flesh Judge Lowell Hardin, sophomore Ag student, recently awarded a trip to Washington for his proficiency in livestock judging, dropped in the other day to watch the new Union Show pony chorus in action. “They’re as fine a bunch of fillies as ever stepped into a show ring,” commented Hardin warmly. “They are all trim in their lines and seem to be sound of wind and limb. Most of them are in good flesh, but one or two are a bit too rangy for a good draft type. They’ve all got lots of style and plenty of action. There’s not a spavin in the bunch.” When asked his preference, Hardin said he favored the “sorrel filly with the slim hocks,” though he feared she might “be a bit too high spirited and hard to handle.” “It would be a tough class to judge,” observed Hardin. “I would not attempt it without looking in their mouths to find out their age.”
Adult Drafting Group Organizes Thursday F. W. Bollman announced yesterday that the special adult group in pattern drafting will organize on Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock in room 102 in the Michael Golden Shops. The organization of the group Was previously scheduled at 4 o’clock, Thursday afternoon. The work will be applicable to sheet metal crafts, heating, and ventilating, and various phases of the industry.
Dr. Stevens^ Globe Theater Director^ Is Combined Engineer And Actor
. By Sally McKee “They seemed to be interested and very attentive,” was the comment of Dr. W. T. Stevens, director of the Old Globe Theater players on the several classes of the department of English and Speech to which he talked yesterday afternoon on the theater and the nature of production. The company will present “The Taming of the Shrew” and “The Comedy of Errors,” and “Hamlet” at the Lafayette Armory Thursday afternoon and evening. As an Armour Technology Institute graduate, who has erred far into the dramatic world from his engineering education. Dr. Stevens professes to know and understand engineering students. Previous Work Dr. Stevens was, before his work with Globe Theater Company, professor of dramatic art at the Carnegie Institute of Technology, and during the summer sessions of 1931, ’32, and '33 was a visiting professor of dramU at the University of Michigan. Aside from two plays cut by B. Iden Payne, director of the Stratford Memorial Theater, Dr. Stevens has done the cutting for all of the plays of the company’s repertoire. .
The rapid spee<| ojf presentation of the plays is th^'idea of Dr. Stevens, which he suggested to the management of the “Old English Village” at the Chicago Century of Progress, and which they were pleased with and accepted.
Catting
Of the company’s Hamlet the director says, “The cutting in our versions is an attempt to get the argument of the play, not to increase the star part.” “Not so much the cutting but the attempt to get back to original versions and stage craft is the purpose of the shortened plays,” was Dr. Stevens’ remark on, the length of the plays and their manner of rapid presentetion. Last Rummer there were three companies, one working at each exposition—at San Diego, Dallas, and Cleveland. The company visiting Lafayette has members of each of these companies, some of whom were here two years ago. Before coming here the players will perform at Indiana University. “1 think these plays may be considered a revolution in Shakespearian presentations,” said Dr. Stevens as we left University Hall—he in some hurry to make a dinner date.
Young Nets 15 Points In Boilermaker Defeat Game Seesaws Back And Forth With Gold And Black Quintet Ahead At Half Mark A hard, fast game that at first seemed to be all IMQmiesota, then all Purdue, and then undecided was played last night at Minneapolis with the Gophers coming out on the long end of a
45-41 score.
Young kept up his scoring record by collecting six field goals
and three free throws for a total of 15 points, but Kundla, Minnesota forward, received the honors for the game by making six field goals ahd eight free ones for a total of 20
points.
Gophers Take Lead The first twelve minutes of the game gave the Minnesota quintet a lead of 10 points as they went out in front with a score of 13-3. But the squad from Indiana, who' had not been able to connect with the basket, decided they were not to be outdone and started dropping the ball through the hoop. Malaska and Young connected for two baskets. Kundla then scored the last points of the first half for the Gophers when he dodged Downey for a short shot. Four of the Purdue men then went into a scoring spree as Young and Sines each collected two field goals, Malaska counted for one, and Anderson dropped in a field goal and a free throw. With this fast shooting the Boilermakers went into the lead, 18 to 15, as the first half ended. During the second half the score was tied several times keeping the crowd constantly on edge. In the end, however, the Gophers had the final drive. The game dropped the Gold and Black from a possible tie for first place to a tie for fourth with Michigan in the Big Ten standing.
Purdue (41)
FG
FT
Sines, f
3
1
Hutt, f
0
Young, f
6
3
Zink, f
1
0
Anderson, c
1
7
Malaska, g
3
1
Downey g
0
1
Totals
14
13
Minnesota (45)
FG
FT
Kundla, f
6
8
Addington, f
4
2
Halverson, f
0
0
Manly, c
0
6
Rolek, g
1
0
Johnson, g
0
0
Seebach, g
2
1
Totals
13
17
University Aids
In Flood Relief
The flood waters have recjded leaving behind destruction and ruin and work. Work for the electricians, civil engineers, carpenters, and a host of others. And not the least among these relief workers is the University’s Agricultural Extension department. Yesterday afternoon T. A. Coleman, acting director of agricultural extension and T. R. Johnston, director of publicity, representing the University, and Dr. ii. H. Shideler, of Lafayette, state director of rural rehabilitation, met in Boonville with officials of the Rural Rehabilitation organization to discuss the needs of farmers most acutely stricken by the flood. This conference, the second in a week, seeks to discover ways of meeting the emergency feeding situation until new crops can be halfvested; also to discuss livestocki fence, and crop damage. The county agents are serving on local flood relict or special farm flood relief conunittees formed or to be formed in each county.
When is a “catalogue” not a “catalog?” The answer is: After experimenting for a year with the latter spelling, Harvard University has gone back to the former^
Caimers Meet
Here Today
Professor Hockema To Speak On Efficient Fac-
tory Management
Officials are expecting over 1,000 canners, fieldmen, and progressive tomato growers to attend the tenth annual Indiana Canners and Fieldmen’s Conference which begins a two day session here at the Uni-
versity today.
Opening the conference this afternoon at 1 o’clock, Warren O’Hara, Hancock County Agent, will speak on farmer, county agricultural agent, and canner cooperation. Immediately following. Prof. Hockema will present numerous ideas on efficient factory management. “Picking Schools And State Wide Picking Contests” will be discussed by Roscoe Fraser, University extension horticulturalist, and J. E. Dickerson, Indianapolis fieldman. F. C. Gaylord will conclude today’s program with a talk on a survey of Indiana canned tomato quality.
Judges Will Choose “Perfect Man” At Sports Carnival By J. Stilwell Brown Aspiring Atlases and potential Sandows will have an excellent opportunity to display their manly physiques at the Sports Carnival, to be held February 25 in the gym. A new addition this year to the events planned for the evening’s activities, the “Perfect Man” contest will not only offer those who possess “big muskles” a chance to impress their co-ed friends, but it will offer the co-eds an excellent opportunity to examine their boy friends' builds.
Oh, Mona!
There will be a raised platform at the south end of the girm on which the boys will pose, one at a time. As each one assumes his pose, a curtain will be drawn aside, the lights dimmed, and floodlights will be turned on each amateur Atlas in such a way as to exhibit his masculine build to best advantage. Each man will pose for about three seconds, in any position he may desire. The judges wiU choose the one that best exemplifies the classic Greek ideal of manhood.
Place Symphony Tickets On Sale Tickets for the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra concert which will be given next Monday evening as a part of the regular convocation series of the University, were put on sale yesterday at Decker's, in Lafayette and the Union Desk, Deae's, and Southwoxth’s in West Lafayette. The price is one dollar fw adults and a special price of 25 cents tor high school students-
Curtner Tq Addressi Study Group Toui^l Prof. D. L. Curtner, of the iM^hool of electrical engineeringj, wBl discuss “Electrical And lisgiietle Firids” this evening at T;^ u'cloCk in room B of the Memorial Unkm Building. This is a conrimiation at the adult education in the regtfliMr meeting of the Univereikf' etudf group. I/
Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 9,JjM7
A Battle Brewing President Roosevelt’s recently announced intention to curb the supreme court has aroused a storm of controversy. His declaration has inaugurated what may prove to be one of the most important governmental battle^ of the century, at least in the United States, which purports to be a democracy. The conflict between the three branches of our federal government has reached tremendous proportions at times, but never has the situation come to more of a crisis than during the last three years. The executive branch, long submissive to the legislative branch, has taken the offensive, and under the New Deal, is attempting to dictate policies to both congress and supreme court. The system of checks and balances incorporated in the constitution was placed there deliberately. Although our constitution was adopted in the “horse and buggy” days, there is no reason to believe that fundamental principles have changed in so short a time. It is true that all governments are becoming more and more concerned with social security, in its many phases, and are today taking many steps to secure this security which would have been considered socialistic two generations ago. But the constitution still stands as a firm basis for any government, and may easily be amended to conform with changing purposes of government. If the constiution were not flexible, and if it were nbt readily amended whenever the voters have a strong desire to do so, there might be reason to cast it aside. Even so, the fundamental system of checks and balances must be maintained if a government is to^ be prevented from going wild in emergencies. To those who argue that England is a great democracy with no constitution, as such, it might be well to point out that there is a basic difference between the American and English peoples. In a nation where even a labor government is very conservative, there is no reason to fear a sudden wildness on the part of the legislators. Also, the parliament may be dissolved when it refuses to conform to the wishes of the cabinet, so that the government is at all times respondent to the will of the people. And the people, even though they may be in the dark on most matters of statesmanship or policy, are naturally conservative. When President Roosevelt attacks the supreme court, he is at the same time attacking the fundamental structure of our federal government, as expressed in the constitution While he may find it possible to so restrict the powers of the supreme court that its decisions will have no effect upon the legislative branch he will not be supported by many thinking people, be they legislators or mere voters. If the nation is overwhelmingly in favor of social legislation as the President seems to believe, there should be little difficulty in the framing and adopting of an amendment to give congress the powers it is now denied. This would be the proper manner in which to accomplish what he wants to do; and now, when the nation is moving out of the shadow of depression back again to the sunlight of prosperity, is the time to compose and present such an amendment. His hesitance at such action can only be interpreted as a belief that the nation does not really want such legislation, and that his recent landslide did not, after all, indicate an overwhelming faith in his aims and methods. An energetic group has arisen in congress with the avowed intention of defeating the President in his latest endeavor. And back of this group are millions of Americans, who believe in the integrity of our governmental system, and who stand for well-founded, unhastened progress in government, in social legislation and along other lines as well.
Wift $urbue exponent rowidad in 188S
Readers’ Opinions Th* ExpemM tBtletmtt commmts of good UtU fmd rMionoth ItHgth from itt reodt*l.
A Cooperative Bookstore To the Editor: Why doesn’t Purdue have a real students’ cooperative bookstore ? I mean an active book exchange, owned and operated by the students in their own interest, not for profit, but simply so that they may obtain textbooks and other needed supplies more economically. At a great many other educational institutions, high schools, colleges, and universities throughout the country, student coperative book exchanges have been organized and are functioning successfully today. These stu-dent-owned book stores which are operated on a non-profit basis save the students of those schools where they have been established many hundreds of dollars each year. At nearly all of the great eastern schools— Harvard, Princeton, Yale, and Cornell, to name just a few — student co-op book exchanges have been in operation for some time. There are several different forms of organization adopted by the various co-ops at different schools. In one system students gain membership in the exchange by purchasing one share of stock (usually for one dollar). Each member is then entitled to one vote to be exercised in determining the management of the exchange. The members elect a student manager and any other officers deemed necessary. Student employes and a bookkeeper are hired and a store-room rented (these student co-op book exchanges are frequently located on.the campus in the student union or some other building). With the capital obtained from the sale of stock, the co-op purchases used books and other instruments from the students. Where it is necessary new books are purchased directly from the publishers. Student members then purchase from the exchange whatever books and other supplies they need and a record is made of each member’s purchases. At the end of the year the books are balanced and, after wages and other overhead cost^ have been paid, a dividend is declared and the remaining excess returned to the members as a flat percentage of their purchases. Thus a student member’s cash dividend is directly proportional to his patronage of the co-op exchange. Because the overhead costs are minimized and all profit eliminated (the excess being returned to the students in the form of a dividend) this system enables the students to realize a considerable saving on textbooks and supplies. At those institutions where student cooperative book stores are in operation, even those students who do not choose to become members of the organization usually find it to their advantage to deal with the co-op exchange because they are paid more for the used books which they wish to sell and they can purchase needed books at less than market prices. Of course, student members enjoy a much more substantial saving when their cash dividend is taken into consideration. It seems to me that if the students of Purdue are really interested in saving money, if they really want to economize, they will organize and conduct their own cooperative book exchange patterned after some of the successful co-ops elsewhere. Such an undertaking, in addition to saving the students money, also provides valuable training and experience in the organization and conduction of a business enterprise. It is being done at other schools, it can be done here. —R. A. Buckles, Jr.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
1986 Menaber 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLBCSIATB PRESS Distribnton of COLLEGIATE DIGEST MPRBSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO RY National Advartising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO . BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOELBS • PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Batstsil ss Bseond elsu xsstter at ths post ottletu Lsfaystts, Ineiaas. DfUrarsd bp man, 18.50 par 7sar;4d{vsrsdlqrearrier, $2.60 psr psar: sold bp siagla eepp, 8 oeats. MAIK OFFIOB-8U NorGi Finii Strert EoiIpsss Phono 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 IHdlj Student Publicstion of Purdue University ^ EDITOKIAL BTAPP adlts«MB.Chlsf ^W. T. Hunt Mawairtag Editor. —H. Harris AsEomts Editois—.~-JL A. Bamttts, J. B. Btadk, A. H. Forstw, B. P. Manton. C L, Sadler IsphoasoES Assistants ^W. M. Antbonp, D. A. EaOep, J. A. Chapto J. B. ClarlL L. S. Ebu^n, C D. Sdiroeder, H. L Stanbadk, D. B. Vanee E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil. WOMEirSBTAPf Bdit<ig.,»,,,~j.p...... —.■■i,-.......—.Hieian Creech Aassains sditats— JuhoomA, Doris MeCartnep. Elisaiietb Pyks AdrattisiBg Maaggar — .JBetly Barnett BUSINIBS STAFP gmimm Mawsgsr. „..B. J. Halse lhM4dv2^|PtafMi^. L. ^ CBirsais<la» — -r J. P. Girard •POBUBTAPP ' ._..L. D. Wood m. m*U. S. B. Qrig|aB. m, V, Obeachain Imho Editor—K, E. O’NeiL
Love And Learning That a bank-book is a necessary accompaniment of a wedding ring is the view of Professor Guillermo Hall of Boston university, who says only bread-winners have the right to love. Professor Hall, member of the social science department of the college of Business Administration, warned his students, especially the girls, against mixing love and learn-
ing.
“College girls,” according to Professor Hall mature earlier and, to them, male classmates appear callow and immature. In this there, is danger to the male student. He serves only as a stop-gap and a convenience until the woman finds the man she wants. “Meantime, the student is good material for practice. If he does not know this and allows himself to get seriously in love with her, then there will be trouble for him. He should know that he is not yet ready for such attachments and will not be ready for some years.”—^Lafayette Journal-Courier.
Yes ... Ypung Eckstein (of Kappa Sig ill-breed) left town the other day with the supposed sum of nothing in his pocket... he has turned up finally (after a brief period of worry on the part of the Kappa Sigs) . . . California seems to be his new stamping ground . . .
POME
She learned to love She leatned to |iate She learned a ford would carry 8 She learned to smok^ And how to tell Wood alcohol By taste and smell She learned to coax She learned to tease She learned new ways Of cooking cheese She learned to neck And break a date She’s ready now to graduate . . . —The Rotunda. Those of you who have been to the BLAZER and all students have, will know FLOYD CHILDRESS (the youthful dispenser of beverages) . . . FLOYD is now a frosh but refused to wear the traditional pot” . . . “BROWNIE” says, “He can’t get by with that, climb on him boys” .... if you see FLOYD on the campus remind him of that “pot” . . . LOUIE PUTZE who is in charge of publicity for the Union Show, “Castles In The Air,” is going to pull a honey this afternoon at 4 . . . the members of the “Pony Chorus” (the A-1 dancing chorus to youse) will have their picture taken at the West entrance of the Union . . . they’ll be riding horses (probably a Horse) too . . - DEDICATED TO I know you can’t be true to me Unfaithfulness with you is habit, But until you’re through with me Don’t let me catch you at it, —Ohio State Lantern. The above POME could not under any circumstances apply to “Fickle” SHIRLEY SHEPHARD . . . SHEP is supposed to be wearing the Beta pin of JOHNNY MONTFORT (who is not in school at present) ... he arrived here last Saturday night to have a date with SHIRLEY, but instead JOHNNY roved around town by himself . . . WHERE was CHRIS, last Saturday night, Mr. GEORGE BURNELL? ? . . . don’t tell us again that your date was RUTH CHRISTOPHERSON’S room-mate, GEORGE, The looked for thing has finally taken place ... DICK PETTICREW has parked his Beta pin on SALLY McDERMID . . • this merger ought to settle definitely the bet which VIRGINIA RICHARDS has with BONNIE RABER . . . for the bet involves the love, or what have you of BILL WINTER for SALLY McDERMID and BONNIE RABER who wins VIRGINIA???? Cigars are being puffed in Cary Hall . . . McEACHRON, (whose diamond graces the finger of MARJORIE BLALOCK), shoved the big black jobbies at the boys for Sunday dinner . . . The MARS PASSES award will be divided up, 2 to be awarded to JOHN KANY, for his Valentine contest idea ... 2 to go to STU TRUITT, for his idea . . . collect them at the Union desk jOt noon today . . .
jpi MM y- HP-----/ “Maybe we better go down to the finance company and finish the recital.”
^^Far From OldIs George Ade As He Turns 71 Today Wrote George Ade, Purdue graduate of ’87, and famed humorist: “A man is old on the day when he begin^? doddering of the past instead of planing for the future.” By his own definition, this man whose amusing bits of philosophy have remained fresh through the years is far from old as he celebrates his seventy-first birthday today at his Miami, Florida winter home. Ade, who had a siege of hypostatic pneumoma shortly after his arrival in Florida last November, said he was feeling “much better.” His reputation as an expert on slang grew from the chance addition to his column in the old Chicago Record of an original fable paraphrased in slang. “I wrote it in a slangy sort of way and tacked on a moral to it,” he said. “I put it in my column.” When "he received letters asking him to write more fables he was definitely hooked up for life with slang. Later, Ade left the Record to devote his time to his syndicated column “Aesop’s Fables In Slang.
Exponent Platform
1. Refomi the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
The University of Miami Players will award a prize of $100 for the best full length original piny sub mitted by a college student in the United States or Canada. All of the manuscripts should be submitted to the Florida Beta chapter of Theta Alpha Phi.
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Conway Tearle In “SBNOR JIM”
Warner Oland "CHARLIECHANIN EGYPT”
FAMILY TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
McLACLEN
^mRCniFICEIIT i BRUTE"
B'INNIE BARNES
BiliNiNillE BARNm WILLIAM HALL
LUMA
Today—^Wednesday
liU.
^YOUTH SACRIFICED!...
Tinr
“College students,” he once wrote, should be given the credit for making the most important discovery of the twentieth century,” viz: That the parent is a joke.”
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
Wkoop-la-lal A French accent on American musical comedy I
* eiNi
i She’s here Dark eyes dancing with danger . . . heart as gay as Gay Paree . . . in a frantic romantic comedy racing witn laughs and silvered with songs a la Bwingtime and sentiment!
ADDED ATTRACTIONS NEWS—NOVELTY
Thrill o/Thrills! Oarbd in the arms of Robert Taylor I A love drama your, heart will never forget!
ROBERT
TAYLOR
LIONH BARRYMORE HIZABaVHAlUN • JMSMRAIfH leHiypANHBt f HNOM lAVUAHOPidunm OIroclod by Ooorao Cefcor
TODAY - WEDNESDAY MJyRS‘ vT*
^I>g^rjr9» 1087
THE PURBtlE RXPOlJENT
mSSmm&
30 AMATUER BOXING BOUTS TONIGHT
Golden Gloves Boxers In Semi-Finals Tonight
Eleven University 9fen To Compete; ^‘Punchy^^ Maxwell Confident Of Four Titles ^ The finals of the Golden Gloves tourney will draw one step closer tonight as 60 of the boxers still in the running meet in the Lafayette Armory at 7^46 to compete in the semi-finals. Of these 60, only 24 will be left to enter the fipals next Tuesday, sp tppight’g njfttPhes, of lyl^iph ther# will be over 30, wifi prob-
abl^ turn opt tp be close, hard-
Fencing Team Wins, Loses Improved Boilermakers Nosed Out By Ohio
State
fought battles. Thp (CospH Says—
Eleven men will represent the Uniyarsil^y in tonight’? matches. Cogph “Punchy” Maxwell is confident that they will come off with high hpnors. Se said yesterday, when asked about prospects of victory, “I feel sure that we’ll take the four tijtles I’ve bepn claiming, and I think we have a good chance for a fifth one. Some of the boys want to make that trip to Chicago the worst way, and they will do some real boxing to get to go.”
Finals Tuesday
Winners in tonight’s contests will compete in the finals next Tuesday. The victors leave for Chicago on February 20 or 21, and will box in the finals there on February 22, 23, and 24. i The eleven University men in tonight’s contests are: Markey, 112 lbs.; Steelman, 118 lbs.; Hardesty and Mulholland, 126 lbs.; Case and Beers, 136 lbs.; Trcka 147 lbs.; ^acharach, 160 lbs.; Lyles, 176 lbs.; and Rampudi in the heavy-
weight class.
-f -f
+ ^ ^ ^ BASKETBALL 4- .f 4-- > .f
TODAY
Court 1—Offici&I, Chapman
-f -f -f
> -f -f
7:00—White vs Orange. 7 :1B—Gray vs. Green. 8:25—Phi Delta Theta vs Beta Sigma Psi
(B).
8 -40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Chi Rho
(B).
Court 2—OflBcial, Abell 7 :00—Blue vs. Black.
7:1B—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma
(B).
8:25—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi (B) 8:40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. (B).
Court 3—Official, Mann 7:00—Red vs. Purple. 7:16—Brown vs. Yellow.
8:26—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu (B). 8:40—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa
Tau (B).
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION BENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. phone 4450 1622 East Main
The University fencing squad made a vastly improved showing over the week-end as they defeated Washington University of St. Louis here 9J4 to 754, and were nosed out by a strong Ohio State team at Columbus, Ohio, in a Big Ten meet 10 to 7. The Boilermakers won the epee 3 to 1. Matthews scored two victories while Levin captured the other. Captain Latter led the foils men to three victories against the Buckeye team, which promises to be contenders for the title. Amster was the outstanding man in the foils for the Buckeyes. He captured all three of his matches. In the saber, Seaborg scored the lone victory for the Boilermakers as they lost 3 to 1. Schednle ^ Feb. 20—Purdue vs. Northwestern. Feb. 26—Purdue vs. Notre Dame . Feb. 27—^Purdue vs. Rantoul Air Corps. Mar. 6—Purdue vs. Wisconsin. Mar. 6—Purdue vs. Chicago. Mar. 13—Conference Meet.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaoions 26c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
NEW SPRING FOOTWEAR
FABRICS-^LE^THERS—BUCKOES FABRICS—LEATHERS-^^BUCKIES BLACK—BLUE—GREY—BIEGE ALL HEELS BUDQET SHQE5-^Dpwn«ti|irs Loeb & Hene Co.
I -fielder’s.... I" ....choice ^ ■■By Bdb Walpole
Purdue’s varsity swimmers just nosed out the Hoosier Athletic Club mermen in their dual meet on Saturday, but the meet was interesting to say the least . . . Captain Paul Vernor again gave notice that he is the man to beat as in the past two year?, bpt n newcomer, Trednre}!, did right wejl foy a sophefliore by dpying and swimming in w|th two winners... —fc— The feature of the meet, however, wasn’t Purdue’s narrow victory, nor Vernor’s first places in the 100 or 220, nor Tredwell’s wins in the dives and the back stroke ... it was the astonishing victory in the 440 yard free style by a little 14 year old kid from Indianapolis ... 95 pounds of stamina. Hansel outswam his elders in the quarter mile event to the tune of 5:47.0 . . . —^fc— Before the meet the gallery expressed the belief that the youngster was the mascot . . . when he stepped up to the edge of the tank it was a laugh ... but he who laughs last laughs best . . . give the kid another four years, and you will see a star plunk right out of Indianapolis . . . —fc— So Notre Dame took the Illini too . . . that Irish team is on the upgrade, and going strong ... of course, we’re sorry to see Illinois lose . . . —^fc— Coach Orval “TonC Martin’s indoor cinder squad will open their winter schedule at Chicago University’s fieldhouse the last of this
R. J, BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Tanksters Nip Hoosier A. C. Meet Indialna Here Friday In Initial Big Ten Encounter Victory in the final 400-yard free style relay enabled Purdue to nose out the Hoosier Athletic clnb swimming team in the Memorial Gym pool last Saturday afternoon, 43
to 41.
The Boilermakers, paced by Captain Vernor, who won the 100 and 220 yard free style dashes, and Tredwell, who took the dives and backstroke, won four of the seven individual events. Krick was the Hoosier A. C.’s outstanding performer, winning the breast stroke and taking second in both fancy diving and the 60-yard free style. The Purdue tank team will open their Big Ten campaign here on Friday against Indiana. On the following day the squad will travel to Champaign, Illinois where they will meet the strong Illini tankers.
week . . , now if the pistol team would get into gear, all of the Boilermaker winter sports would be swinging . . .
BIG TEN STANDINGS W L Pet Pts OP Illinois 5 1 .838 217 193 Minnesota 4 1 .800 164 124 Indiana 5 2 .667 202 184 Purdue 4 2 .667 284 200 Michigan, 4 2 .667 202 184 Ohio State 4 3 .672 190 201 Northw’n 2 4 .333 200 201 Wisconsin 2 4 .333 176 201 Iowa 2 6 .286 212 227 Chicago 0 8 .000 192 281
I
Last Night’s Results Minnesota, 46; Purdue, 41. Iowa, 39; Northwestern, 29. Indiana, 47; Chicago, 36. Wisconsin, 35; Ohio State, 33 (overtime).
^SUIX>EN Service
F
RINTING ORIc* SMoMfy . P I7«ddlnf InvItaUoM
— SsIbs Etc* ce _
^62 8 CASSEL’S 408fERR/‘
Indiana Thinliea To Fly To AAU Meet 'The Indiana University's indoor track team -will institute something new when they fly to New Torlc to take part in the National A. A. U. indoor championships. The^ were only able to do this by changing the date of the Illinois meet to February 26 instead of February
27.
A dual meet with Ohio State, set for March 6, has been moved up to February 22, in order to include an indoor meet to be held in Chicago under the sponsorship of the Chicago Daily News. Both the Illinois and the Ohio State meets will be held in Bloomington.
The Risk Dental dinie OB. PAUL A. BISK OB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT 6. BISK OB. LUTHrat A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
It's time
SHOE ICE-SKATES $4.00 to $7.95 JOHN SPERB, Hdw. 822 MAIN STREET
Shop Clothes at Redaeed Prices COVERALLS Just the Thing for Forge or Machine Shop $IA8 OVERALLS 89( For Wood Shop or Foundry WORK APRONS 48c White, Blue and Striped Cotton Gloves, 10c pair RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE / 224 MAIN ST.
NO MATTER WHAT CLASS YOU’RE
ALWAYS
come
INTHB
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Cenor CbmjMo-HSndwe/Aclhd^IK' ■?r‘'
.•C'
Ptute Four
THE t>tJRDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 9, IWT
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Rent— Neat, single room, handsomely furnished. 342 Lawn avenue at corner of Grant. Phone 75882.
For Sale—Ford roadster. Took. Phone 31792.
For Sale—Dietzgen drawing set. Call 4567. D. R. Maple.
For Rent—Single room, good location, 249 Chauncey. Phone 31291.
Wanted—Upperclassman to share large downstairs room. 217 Pierce.
For Sale—Dietzgen drawing set. Phone 41783. Ask for Rees.
SPARRENDAHL
MerdiantdEailoir 9II0rf5. 4th and Ferry
For Sale—Ford roadster. Phone 31792.
Cook.
Lost—Black silk change purse, $15, on Sunday afternoon. Finder call R. W. Burks. 71062. Reward.
NOTICES No noticM acMptMl irfter 8 p. I
Freshman Fencing—Freshman fencing will start February 9 at 4 p. m. There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the limitation Building. —LACEY.
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:15 p. m. February 9. —PBISCOLL. Basic Military—Basic course students who lost any part of their uniform equipment in the fire at 629 University street, report same to Sergeant Gain, Armory supply room, before Saturday noon, February —WHISTLER. Co-ed Ping Pong—^The following games are to be played and recorded on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before Tuesday, February 9, at 6 p. m. —MAIER.
Purdue Engineer—Meeting of all staffs at 4 p. m., February 9. —JONES. Cadet Officers—Cadet officers of the 8rd regiment and of B-2 remove mimeograph sheets on carnival from their boxes and bring to Corps Day formation, February 9, in Fowler Hall. ’ —CAPTJ^IN SHfGER. [|w. A. ‘ A;-'Swirlinifng—ivfike up pra,cti|e fpr intra-mural swimming meet February 9 at 7:30 in Memorial Gymnasium. All girls wishing to pass requirements for Triton Club meet at same time and place. —TUBBS.
F
OR
ORMAL
UNCTIOHS The Hub Tuxedos
are tailored in the best
University traditions
They have an air of distinction that rates ace\igh—they have that custom tailored look usually associated with the highest priced clothing. Single Breasted Double Breasted
$19.50 up
$22.50 up
THE H|U|B Main Street at Fifth
To Star in Tour School Work BACK YOUR BRAINS WITH THE ALL-STAR PEN
to rate higher when they replace their old 'Tilind-barrer’ pens with this new Parker Vacumatic. This is because it is people who are capable of rating high who go for this Pen in a big way, and because it is this kind of Pen—and only this kind—that can bring out the best that is in them. Its Scratch-Proof Point of Platinum and Solid Gold writes like a thyr. Unlike pens that hide the ink withm the barrel, this laminated Pearl Beauty lets you SEE Days Ahead when it’s running low. When held to the light it shows the ENTIRE Ink Supply—holds 102% More Ink than old-style. It’s the pen that received votes than any other TWO of Pens COMBINED when 30 College Papers asked 4,699 students *'Which pen do you own?” It was awarded Iby the All-America Board of Football to 90 nominees for the All-America Team of 1936. Go at once to any good store selling pens and try this revolutionary invention. Identify the genuine Parker Vacumatic by this smart ARROW Clip,—this bolds this Pen low and SAFE in the pocket. The Parker Pen Co., Janesvme, Wis, Chains Your Pen As It Writes Get Parker the new quick-drying ink. Diesolves sediment left by pen-dogging Inks. Makes your pen—iS Parker or any other—wcffk like a charm. ISp and 25c.
DlJAflANTEEP MECriANICAI;f.Y JERPEtTy,, Junior, $5; Pencils, $2 50, O/er-Size, $10 SHu $3.50 and $5
Sigma Pi Sigma Associates—Meeting on February 9 at 7:80 p. m. in the Physics lecture room. Karl McEachron will speak on “Lightning and High Voltage Production and Effect.” Everyone who is interested is welcome. —BLALOCK.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet as early as possible Tuesday afternoon, February 8, in the Union office. —MYTINGER, PERKINS, McCLEOD. All Union sophomores not on the above committees report to the workshop at 4:00 p. m. , —WIEGANDT.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting February 9 at 7:16 in the office. —FELDT.
W. A. A. Bowling Managers—Please report to me ■ by evening on February 9 as to whether you will have a team and whether they have their practices in. —BOEHM.
Playshop Stage Crew—Work session in the sub-basement Tuesday, February 9, at 4 o’clock. —GLOVER.
Tau Beta Pi—^Tau Beta Pi banquet in the Peasant Room of the Union Building Tuesday, February 9 at 6 o’clock. —WAIT.
Scabbard and Blade—Important meeting of Scabbard and Blade Dance Committee in the P. I. A. office in the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock Tuesday, February 9. —WAIT.
Ceres Club—Ceres meeting Tuesday, February 9, in Room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. —FREEMYER.
Zouaves—Meeting in the Armory Wednesday, February 10, at 4 p. m. —WINTER.
Fraternity Presidents—Tickets for the inter-fraternity ball are still available and may be obtained from me. —WINTER. t,11.101,1. iuL.tr i
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Students are having their laundr^ washed and ironed by the pound
If you have not tried this more convenient way, may we suggest you give it a trial. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Wesley Players—Tryouts for the threeact play “The Rock” wil be held Tuesday, February 9, at 4 and 7:30 o’clock at the Wesley Foundation House. —McFADDEN.
Deck Tennis—These games must be played this week: Shaffer, Humphrey vs. Bouton, Newman; Charles, Fitch vs. Halstead, Kelly ; Phelps, Cooley vs. Pell, Reverda. —RIETH. Fraternity President’s Council—^Meeting at the Alpha Tau Omega house February 10 at 6 o’clock. —KETTLE.
Co-ed Fencers—Meet at 4:45 p. m. February 9, in Women’s Gym. —BEKO.
Music Room Program
Tuesday, February 9. 1937 Noon: 12:00-l :00—Alt Wein, Heifetz; Believe Me If All Those Endearing Young Charms, Tibbett; Park Avenue Fantasy, Whiteman; Last Rose of Summer, GalliCurci: Sea Murmurs, Heifetz; The BumbleBee, Heifetz; Drink To Me Only With Thine Eyes, 'Tibbett: Deep Purple, Whiteman: Home, Sweet Home, Gailli-Curci. Evening: 4:00-7:00—Minnelied, McCormack ; Sleeping Christ Child, McCormack; Dinorah-Shadow Song, Galli-Curci; Symphony No. 8, In B Minor, (Unfinished) Schubert, Boston Symphony.
Basketball Exam Offered To Women In order to train girls to officiate in high schdol basketball and volleyball games, the W. A. A. Official Board will give a written test to all those interested on February 11, at 5 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. A practical examination, judged by Misses Brady, Ellis, and Schwain, will be given to those who pass the written quiz. Those who expect to take the tests should attend the demonstration game and the discussion of the new changes in rules today at 4 o’clock. The girls who are successful in both tests will help officiate in the intramural games at West Side High School and at the State Play Day.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, bat we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
FREE TRIPS ABROAD And Liberal Commissions to energetic faculty members and students with social contacts. Dignified connection with leading travel organization as TOUR ORGANIZERS state fully your qualifications and interview will be arranged in your city. Suite 1624, 56 W. 42nd St, New York City
Herbert Marshall says: . a light smoke is a joy to the throat”
**Bc/ore I came over to this country an English cigarette appealed to me because it was firmly packed. In America I tried various popular brands looking for the same virtue. Lucky Strike led all the rest. And whafs more—I soon discovered that Luckies were a light smoke and a positive joy to the throat,**
* ^ iXDTsry'D'nrr*
HERBERT MARSHALL
FAMOUS RKO RADIO PICTURES’ STAR
Ai
independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, 87% stated they personally
prefer a light smoke.
Mr. Marshall verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen, and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. That^s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process ”lt^s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat!
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— ’’THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke ^Tt^s Toasted^^-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION—AGAINST COUGH
Copirrigbt 1987, Hie American Tobacco Compaigr
'■s