V’ M %
N
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, September 28, 1937
NUMBER 13
President Elliott Proclaims Indiana Football Holiday
November 19,22 Made Penalty Days; Doan Orders 6,000 Tickets; Run Special
Military Ball Set ht November 5 The Military Ball Committee at its first meeting yesterday, chose November 5 as the date of the ball. They also decided on types of programs, discussed a budget, and designated sub-committees. Th2e band which is yet to be chosen will be decided upon by the committee as a whole. Appointments to the Military Ball Committee have been released by the Military Department. The chairman of the committee is Cadet Lt. Col. P. S. Emrick. Seniors on the qjommittee are as follows: Cadet Cols. W. C. Musham, E. O. Wickersham, E. H. Martin, Cadet Lt. Cols. P. S. Emrick, E. C. Alexander; Cadet Majors G. E. Symonton, A. K. Fisher, N. K. Reinhard, D. A. Morrison, and Drum Major C. M. Jorgeson. Juniors on the committee are as follows: Cadet First Sergeants R. 0. Dirmeyer, J. M. Rudolph, L. L. Treece, and M. E. Slater. Pharmacy Students Give Annual Picnic Pharmacy students will picnic tomorrow at Mudock'Park, when the school of pharmacy faculty members sponsor their annual picnic. Picnickers should meet at the Pharmacy Building at 4 o’clock, where transportation will be furnished to the park. Softball and volleyball teams will be chosen and a supper will follow the recreational program. After supper short talks by faculty members and students will better acquaint the picnickers with each oth-
er.
Dr. H. G. Bekay and Professor H. W. Heine are co-chairmen of arrangements. Wesley Foundation To Begin Evening Class Wesley Foundation announces its annual evening class in “Preparation For Home and Marriage” beginning tomorrow evening at 9 p. m. -^t 205 Pierce street. This^is an advanced class meeting weekly for eight weeks. The enrollment is limited to 25. Students may enroll by calling Rev. Wm. McFadden, Methodist minister for students.
Faculty Fails To Act On Smoking Tradition Executive Committee of the^ University took no action yesterday afternoon on Student Senate’s recommendation that Purdue’s “No Smoking” tradition be abolished and that smoking be permitted anyplace on the campus except where insurance regulations prohibit. President Edward
G. Elliott stated last night.
President Elliott said the Executive Committee discussed the smoking issue at yesterday’s session, but that the body could not act until Senate’s recommendation had been submitted to the Board of Trustees. Since the Trustees do not convene until October 20, for their monthly meeting, no definite action can be taken until then.
Zouave Sguad Begins Council Begins
Training Tomorrow Registration for positions on the University Zouave squad, the only organization of its type in-the country, will be made tomorow afternoon at 4:15 in the University Armory, stated Jack Vanderford, captain of the group last night. All freshmen and sophomores taking basic military training are eligible to enroll for preliminary training. Formal pledging of those selected will be made early in December, and the initiation will follow shortly after. Specializing in intricate drill maneuvers, the colorfully garbed Zouaves have already accepted tentative engagements to appear at two out-of-town military balls—those at Cincinnati University and at Ohio State. This year’s initial appearance of the group will be at Dad’s Day smoker. Two years ago at the Pershing Rifle Meet at Ohio State University, General Pershing said of the group: “I have seen many such drills put on by all manner of organizations, military and otherwise, and I say unhesitatingly that the exhibition by the Purdue b^ys 'was without exception, the best, the most entertaining, and the funniest I ever saw.” This year. Captain Vanderford promises a better drill than ever, revised so as to be more entertaining and complicated. Potter Urges Engineering Staff To Attend Smoker New staff members who have recently joined the schools of engineering will be honored at a smoker at 7:30 tonight in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering, urges all engineering staff members to be present.
Short Course fin Religion The first of a series of short courses on religion and ethics will be started by the Purdue Religious Council, with a class on the New Testament beginning tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Union Building. Dr. John Findley of Westminster Foundation will teach the classes, which will continue each Wednesday evening for six weeks. Tuition is free, and anyone is welcome to enroll for the courses. The second course of the series will be on “World Peace,” taught by Dr. G. H. Graves. Shanklin's Condition Remains Unchanged Following a blood transfusion in the Home Hospital, the condition of F. M. Shanklin, University 4-H leader, is at present unchanged. David Pesser, son of a former instructor in the University, gave the blood at 9 o’clock Sunday morning. Shanklin has for some time been critically ill with a stomach ailment at the hospital. According to Shanklin’s special nurse, there as yet can be no prediction as to the success of the transfusion or when the patient will have’sufficient strength to undergo the operation which is deemed necessary for his recovery. Wesley Players Announce New Prpdudion Tryouts Tryouts for their first two plays of the fall, to be held today at 4 and 7 p. m., were announced by Wesley Players. “The Enemy’ ’by Channing Pollock, is scheduled for the Jefferson high school auditorium on Nov. 6 and 7.
Senior Public Service Engineers Claim G. A. Young Trophy
Seated Iqft to right: Glen Cross, C. E. Smith, Stanley Wright, Wayne Fredericks, Bill Thoma, Hugh Forster, Louis Putze, Bill Fifield, W. T. Eiffert, Verle Farrow, and R. P. Manion.
Who is the winner of the G. A. Young trophy offered to the school showing the best turnout for the “Cord Day” parade? Who makes up G. A. Young’s mysterious committee for judging the various school ^participants in the parade? Does anyone know anything about the whole affair? ' Saturday night Professor Young said the judging matter rested in the hands of a committee which would make its report Monday (yesterday). Yesterday, as he was leaving by train for a four-da^f visit
in Chicago, Professor Young still did not know the trophy winner, and an Exponent reporter was unable to learn from him^ the names of the judgipg committee members. Seniors in the public service engineering school, however, cannot see how their school will fail to be declared winner of the Young Trophy, since they turned out 100'per cent. They offer the above picture as proof of their perfect attendance at Saturday’s game.
Pontiac Director Assumes Control John Roach, director of the Pontiac Varsity show, arrived in Lafayette yesterday to take charge of preparations for the forthcoming radio broadcast on October 8. Tryouts for the show will be held in the WBAA studios today from 5 to 7:30 p. m. Individual members of various campus musical and dramatic organizations have been invited to perform at the auditions. Roach is looking for students who can sing, act, play musical instruments, perform ahy original comedy stunt, or write comedy skits. Auditions for the choir, band, and concert choir will also take place
this afternoon.
The Purdue show is the first Varsity show that Roach will conduct this season. The first fall show of the Varsity show opens this Friday at the University of Alabama under another director. Last winter Roach was in charge of Varsity shows at Cornell, Texas, Oklahoma, and Iowa universities.
Saturday morning, November 20—day of the Purdue-Indi-ana annual gridiron rivalry—is an official University halfholiday, President Edward C. Elliott announced last night, and the preceding Friday and following Monday are penalty dates, governable by the usual University regulations.
President Elliott’s declaration of the half-haliday followed various reports and speculations regarding the status of November 20, and a petition from Student Senate that school be dismissed for the day. Dr. Elliott’s action on the matter is similar to that of two years ago, when a half-holiday was granted on account of the Boilermaker-Fightin’ Hoosier football game at Blooming-
ton.
C. S. Doan, ticket manager, stated last night that he<tod ordered 6,000 ducats for the Indm^ game. The tickets are priced at $3 apiece. Plans for running a Monon special train to Bloomington are being completed.
Engineering Dean Starts Rounding Up Seniors To Counsel Delinquent Frosh
Starting the work of rounding up senior# of good scholarship and high personality to counsel delinquent freshmen. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, mailed some 140 letters to seniors of those qualifications Saturday morning requesting them to aid in this service. Campus authorities on counseling problems will talk to seniors agreeing to become freshmen advisors at a series of six or seven weekly lectures from 4 to 5 o’clock on Tuesday afternoons, starting October 5. After “yellow slips” come out about the middle of November, each senior will be assigned to four or six delinquent freshmen for conferring with and advising. Offered Credit Course As a reward for their efforts and as a means of getting them to follow instructions, the seniors are being offered an opportunity to enroll in G. E. 109, “Personnel Counseling,” for one hour’s credit. This course is optional to counselors. Any
student who does his work and turns in a passable* report of his activity in counseling at the end of the semester will be given a “B” in the course, anyone handing in a good report will receive an “A,” while a few exceptional counselors will get “H.” Senior counselors will spend one hour each week at the lectures until yellow slips appear. For the first week after this, one hour per week will be required for each freshman. About two and one-half hours a week is considered a fair amount of time to give to the work after that. Report Ends Work \ A final report on progress jin counseling will finish the semester’s work. Any second semester counseling is entirely optional with each senior. Dr. J. E. Walters, director of the University engineering personnel, will direct the counseling and grade the seniors in their work.
\ Independent Association Opens Membership Drive Setting a goal of 1,200 members, the Purdue Independent Association opened its annual membership drive yesterday under the management of Ralph Maby, newly campaign chairman. Fifty P. I. A. salemen patrol the campus in search of potential Independent material. P. I. A. membership cards, priced at one dollar each, entitle the holder to the organization’s functions for the academic year. Students not interviewed by salesmen may visit the P. I. A. office, second floor. Memorial Union Building for information. Unive|rsity Staff Picnic Scheduled Saturday, Ocf, 2 The All-University staff picnic, planned as an opportunity for old and new staff members to become acquainted will be held at Ross Civil camp on October 2 form 2:30 p. m. until 9:00 in the evening. Tickets for the picnic will be sold for 40 cents by the head§ of departments or department representatives. They may also be purchased at the desk in the Memorial Union Building. The entertainment program will include music by Southern Plantation Singers. StaTf members must arrange for their own transportation or have it arranged for them' by their department representative.
50 Visitors Attend WAA Cabin Open House Sunday Fifty visitors attended the W. A. A. open house Sunday at^the Cabin. The guests pitched shoes and then played pick-up-sticks and pingpong. Troyouts for Cabin leadership will be announced later in the Exponent. The Cabin is open for any groups interested if the groups sire accompanied by an ‘A’ leader. Arrangement should be made with Pauline Swick or at the Women’s Gym.
Voters To Break Tie In Senate Tomorrow Senior students in home economics and sophomores in civil engineering will vote at a popular election tomorrow to decide the two tie elections which took place in the senate elections at registration. Elections will be held at the old Engineering Administration Building from 8 a. m. until 4:30 p. m. It is necessary that students voting present their passports. Candidates in the election are Fay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow, seniors in the home economics school, and R. L. Lippmann and R. L. Reiley, sophomores in the civil engineering
school.
J. H. Jacobi and R. Schumacher are co-chairmen at the election. Playshop To Stage Its Sales Campaign staging the most extensive sales campaign in its history, Playshop hopes to get a subscription list necessitating a four night run for each show, H. Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics, announced last night. Season tickets, at a special price of $1 for the four shows scheduled were on sale at registration and are available now. P’ive committees, each with"^everal members, are out selling the ducats. The groups are competing with each other for a record high. “Hell Bent For Heaven,” a 1924 Pulitzer prize play, “Squaring The Circle,” a satire on Soviet marriage customs, “I’ll Mary The Actress,” a romantic tale, and “Ceiling Zero,” a melodrama are the plays to be g;iven this season by Playshop. Production will begin as soon as Fowler Hall remodeling is completed. Definite times for presentation of the plays will be set then, after which persons owning season tickets may make reservations for the seats and the night they desire. Kappas Initiate Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority announces the initiation of Dorothy Boenicke; Chicago, HI.; Muriel Colip, South Bend; Martha Haltam, Mooresville; Mary Margaret Helm, Huntington; Mary Louise Henchman, Rushville; Joan Lafferty, Kenilworth, HI.; Margaret Mathes, Tol-
edo, O.
Convo Committee Quizzes Students In Annual University Questionnaire
By Don Terrio If someone should stop you on the campus today and begin shooting these questions at you in rapidfire order, or your telephone should ring madly with the same result, don’t run away, for it will signify that a member of the Student Senate Convocation Committee is hard at work on its annual investigation. “What type of musical convocation do you prefer?” “What would you like for lecture subjects?” “What hew kind of^ convocation would you like to see scheduled?” “How many convos did you atitend last year?” “How many convos do you intend to attend this year?”
For starting today, the cmivocation committee will begin an extensive survey to determine the type of convocation most popular with the student body. Their findings will be valuable in determining the 193839 convocation program. Using last year’s student directory, committee members will contact about one in every 10 students listed, plus a number picked at random on the campus. The survey is expected to last two weeks. If the answers to these questimis prove to he too varied, more students will be contacted, until definite conclusions concerning the student’s likes and dislikes can be dk<^rned. P. T. Cooper is chairman of the new committee.ll-
I
THE PURDUE EXPONENt
Tuesday, September 28,1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
g^ecintrd €bU»9tate jlrot ^ ^ wwutwem ■ " '
RBPRBeCNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISlNO BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. Colhti Pttbhshtrs ReprettntativB 420 Madison Ave New Yobk N Y CHICAOO - BO5T0H 1.08 AWGELgB SAN FRANCISCO
EMitorJal Phone 6087 Cunpua SubBcnptions $8 per year
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3 50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper ig written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in It, unless otherwise accredited, are stodent opinion^ and do not necessarily coincide with the official Universily viewpoint. All unslgrned editorials are written by the edl-tor-liychief Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J E Brook
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D A Bailey, L. S Hardin, C D Schroeder, H. I Stanback, D R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS - L. C Farquhw, G W Frederick K C. Houston, R E Insley, W. A Kroeplin D L Olson B T Loveridsre, G A Torrence, A B Keller, R, J Deckard, D Paarlberg, G J Tafel, D G Terno J C Woodson bo-ed SUff CO-ED EDITOR -- Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Jdary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wtmborough.
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Mqnday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Seasion Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER - J P Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER - R R Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E A Antoninl, W A Beman, V R Daugherty, H R Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ _ J R Fouts, J R Drever, H W Nevin Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M C Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ W F Berg, R L. Lippman, O E Lorenz, W E Smith Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R F Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J S Brown, R L McDonald, B D Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G W Bruer, C W Brown J Collins, W H Murray, W F Qualls, J A Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR
D. A. Bailey ISSUE EDITOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28,1937
A. B. Keller
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improve student housing conditions. Promote student honesty on tests and final
examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley Does your roommate snore? When Dr William Brady was asked whether there is a cure for snoring, he said “One who is healthy and fit does not snore Genei al overhauling may be needed Local treatment of swollen or congested nasal passages may be needed The trouble with many snorers is they smoke, drink, eat, sit, and sleep too much ” Most students find it convenient to be able to sleep noiselessly Really, you owe it to instructors' * N- * * “To establish the digmty of the farming profession and to deliver rural citizenship,” the University of Wisconsin offers a “Farm Folk School.” The school term runs from November to March. It costs each student $97.60 for food, shelter, tui tion, and medical care There are no academic requirements, three out of four boys who enroll have finished high school, while others have received only sixth to eighth grade education The courses include public speaking, sociology, literature, econom ical and political science, and citi ship as well as soils, farm manage ment, forestry, nutritional chemistry, livestock, and the like The purpose of this training is to develop leadership so that these farmers can return to their rural com mumties with a conception of the social and cultural opportunity their chosen vocation offers “A gentleman is one who thinks more of other people’s feelings than of his own rights, and more of other people’s rights than his own feelings ” This definition was thought out by Matthew Henry Buckham, formerly the Pr^ident of the Univer sity of Vermont. * * * * A graduate student at Columbia went to the Morgan Library to examine some manuscripts As she left she obseived that she would have to pass the two stiff attendants guarding the door Under then hos tile gaze, she felt as though her pockets were bulging with previous manuscripts She summoned up every ounce of her nonchalance to make her exit, but when she was nearly out one of the attendants advanced a step “Madam,” he said, keeping his eyes straight ahead of him, “your slip us showing ” Appoint Committee To Stop Trouble In Rooming Houses Mary Alice Learning, of the W S G. A. executive board, announces the functiomng of a new residence committee, designed to eliminate any trouble in rooming houses. The committee is made up of members of the judiciary board, some members of executive board, and a rep-
resentative from all women’s rooming houses of five or more co-eds. October 6 at 5 o’clock is the time scheduled for the first meeting of all presidents or rooming house representatives.
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
At this institution of higher learning where books are an essential part of study life for each student, how to turn pages is a matter of importance as well as of etiquette A very fine way to pass your hydrophobia on the next reader of your Browsing Room volume is to lick your finger before turning the next page Even if you don’t have hydrophobia or some other deadly germ then note how your moisture mars the looks of a clean page And if neither of these reasons appeals to your senses then we propose an esthetic reason. It really looks bad to see a person reading along pleasantly, lift his finger suddenly to his mouth and, having slobbered thereon, skid the corner of a page up before lifting said page over A page of a moderate sized book can be lifted up easily by one finger and turned If the book is a large reference volume which may have thin pages the hand should be put all the way under the page before lifting it over This way ripping laige thin pages will be avoided
Miss Coolidge To Spoak At State YWCA enclave Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty sponsor of Y W. C A , IS to be one of the speakers at the annual state Y. W. C A cabinet training conference being held October 1 and 2 at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie Miss Coolidge will lead the Saturday afternoon session in a discussion of “Effective Leadership ” The purpose of the conference is to enable the cabinets of the various state colleges to exchange ideas and seek and give a^dvice about the problems of the activities of the or^ ganizations Members representing the Pur due club are Betty Klein, Dorothy Bryant, Peggy Hamilton, Dorothy Coan, Sara Alice McIntosh, Helen Conver, Patricia Heme, Marga Mary Glunt, Anna Lewis, and Mary Alice Learning.
Last week-end the Union ballroom was the scene of many flitting feet; the lowly freshmen sticking their noSes up at upperclassmen outside the door during Friday night’s rat race, and the cord wearing seniors acting even more haughty the next night More than one freshman wished to be a senior Saturday night, not for the years of work passed, not for the added glory, no, not even for the nearness of the sheepskin, but because then, day of days, he could get into the cord dance Free. Rub-a-dub-dub Three men in a tub Some cheap hotel. This year WRH boasts a former member of the “Beef Trust,” dancing unit of 200 pounders plus fame. For the sake of good taste, we won’t mention any name. Just go over there, look around and then guess. Bill Reininga, Delt WRH hangerouter, had better watch out or his girl at home threatens to float him in the Wabash. Pity the poor sophomores who rode down the horrid Union dumbwaiter in order to gain admittance to the freshman mixer in the ballroom Friday night, and were then ejected. She was only the optician’s daughter, two glasses and she made a spectacle of herself S. Dear, dear—wonder whatever has happened to that freshman we sent out to get the handle to that newspaper scoop? This year’s Triad dance will be a duplex instead of a triumvirate affair The Sig Chi’s have departed from the big three, but the Betas 'and Phi Delts will put on the affair all by themselves on October 23 at the Beta house It will be a barn dance, called the “suckers’ stomp ”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Letters To The Editor
Letters to the editor mast be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s signatures Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced herein
For Noise Or Attendance? Dear Editoi Who shall win the G A Young Trophy’ No loll call was taken, eyen though the award is to be given to the school with the largest per cent in attendance How then is the win ner to be decided’ Possibly it will not be amiss to suspect that it is awarded to the loudest claimant! Certainly the P S E’s were theie 100 pel cent. Their nun^ber is so small as to be easily counted, but who IS to say with accuracy that the E. E.’s, Ch. E's, M E.’s, or any other school had not a similarly high record ’ Considering the general messiness of the parade organization, the unknown members of the judging committee are to be commended highly for their courage in even attempting to reach a decision, for without fail enormous quantities of students wrath, just or unjust, will be directed against them. R C. Blume, Ch. B.'38
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Since I had ’em all fingerprinted I ain’t missed a dime outa my pants.”
Co-Edits On The Opening Rush Tea Dissastisfaction and resentment are being felt toward Pan-Hellenic Council because it planned the opening tea for rush next Saturday, the day of the Ohio State football game. Engagements, which have been made for months, have to be can celled because each sorority feels the need of all its members The op^aihg tea on October 2 is especi^ly provoking to girls living in Ohio who desired to go home foi the occasion For those co-eds who had not thought of attending the athletic evftit, the tea, on this date, interferes with listening to the broadcast of the game It IS deplorable that Pan-Hellenic Council did not consider all sides of this question and set the day for the tea on Sunday instead of Saturday A petition signed by 25 girls and presented to Mary Gene Jarrett, president of the organization, might bring about this change.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
LUHA Today — Tomorrow
STKUA IMIiliAS WITH BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES . ANNE SHIRLEYSuptopbev
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Make 1937 Big ten Gridiron Debut With Ohio State On Saturday, Oct. 2
Big Ten football competition will open this Saturday, with the battle between Purdue and Ohio State occupying the center of the stage in the Middle West. The game will be played on the hoine grounds of the Buckeyes at Columbus, 0. Close Game Indications point to a closO and spirited battle. The Ohio State squad seems to have abandoned the “razzle-dazzle”/style of play that it has used so effectively the last few years, settling down to straightforward football, and'With good effect, judging from the way the Buckeyes beat the highly-touted T. C. U. team, 14-0, Saturday. The Boilermaker squad, which saw action against the Butler Bulldogs Saturday, looked good in some spots and not so good in others. Providing they can get under way this Saturday a little earlier than they did against the Butlermen, they should put up a real battle. Ohio State Handicapped The Ohio State squad will be handicapped all season by the loss of two of last year’s best men, “Jumping Joe” Williams, and Bill Booth. Williams is ineligible this season, and Bill Booth was killed in an auto accident last summer.
FACULTY-SENIOR TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Billings vs. Belding Templeton vs. Housekeeper Brodsky vs. Chenoweth Orr vs. G. T. Miller M. M. Hoffman vs. F. D. Martin L’Heureux vs. Wilkins Hufford vs. Ayer Richey vs. Morse I. K. Huffman vs. Baugh
Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 91 54 .627 Chicago 88 60 .594 St. 'Louis 80 68 .641 Pittsburgh 79 ' 68 .637 Boston 76 73 .606 Brooklyn 61 87 .412 Philadelphia 69 88 .401 Cincinnati 66 91 .380 —Results — Boston, 4-1; New York, 6-3. Brooklyn, 3; Philadelphia, 11. Chicago, 7; Cincinnati, 4. No other games scheduled.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York . . 98 47 .676 Detroit .... 86 62 .681 Chicago .... . 82 64 .662 Cleveland 78 69 .530 Boston ... 76 68 .624 Washington 70 74 .486 Philadelphia . .49 96 .340 St. Louis 44 103 .299 —Results— Detroit, 2; Cleveland, 1. Philadelphia, 2-6; Boston, 6-0. New York vs. Washingrton, rain. No other games scheduled.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF Please sign up and pay ten cents entry fee at intramural office. —CLEVETT.
Choice
Our “B” team came out fairly well in their game at Champaign against the Illini “B” team last Saturday . .. the final score was 7 to 6 in favor of the home team . . . One fault the Boilermakers had was not being able to hang on to the ball, and this proved costly ... a fumble on the 10 yard line in the second quarter gave Illinois the ball and their only touchdown . . . Saturday, while the varsity is playing Ohio State, the “B” team will meet Notre Dame’s “B” squad in West Lafayette. —^fc— Inter-fraternity softball teams will play their second game tomorrow; afternoon and their third on Friday ... Thursday afternoon will be the opening day for Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, tryouts at the stadium . . . freshmen as well as upperclassmen are invited to attend. —^fc— The Cubs are four and one-half games out of first place and have only six more games left to play. —fc— By the score Minnesota ran up against North Dakota 69-7, it seems as though they have another powerhouse with three or four teams as good as the first team ... Of the seven Big Ten schools to start their season last Saturday, Iowa was the only one to buck up against a strong team and the only one to lose . . . the Washington Huskies, last year’s Pacific Coast champions, downed Iowa, 14-0.
Carnegie Tickets Available Today Application for reserved seat tickets for the Carnegie Tech game are being received at the ticket office now and must be in by this Friday in order to receive preferential class seats. All applicants before Friday will be seated according to classes, with the senior reservations being filled first, junior’s next, then sophomore’s, and lastly freshmen. The students must fill out application blanks at the ticket office and en« close them with the proper coupon from the passport book in a self addressed envelope. One person may make application for a group providing he has signed coupons equal to the number of the seats which he requests. In cpse the group applications are made, they will be filled with those of the lowest ranking class of the group. After the draw Friday, applications will still be received, but the seats will be below those of the freshmen who had their applications in before that date. Iowa game tickets will be handled in the same manner, with October 20 being the deadline for applications for seating according to the classes. Register Today For Co-ed Tennis Tournament In Gym Registration for girls’ singles tennis tourney opens today in Women’s Gym. Opponents will be drawn at the end of this week; the women’s tennis courts may be reserved by calling at the Women’s Gym.
elevens Softball Interpretations Includes Prohibition Of Sipiked Shoes
Mat Enthusiasts ^ Work Out In Gym Wrestling enthusiasts are already working out in the southwest corner of the Memorial Gym, and are doing a lot of grunting and groaning with gusto. A definite call for all interested in wrestling will not be issued, however, until some time after the football season is over, but anyone is welcome to come out now and get a jump on the football boys. Boys who are ju^t beginning can always find some of the veterans around the Gym who will be more than glad to help them along. Revival of Interest With the new Fieldhouse and new Gymnasium due to open in a few months, the gentle art of neck twisting is expected to pick up interest. If sufficient boys turn out Purdue might be able to put a wrestling team in intercollegiate competition, something missed by many of the students previously. B Team To Play Notre Dame Men In Stadium Saturday Boilermaker football fans will have a chance to look over future Gold and Black gridders when the University “B” team meets the Notre Dame “B” team at Ross-Ade Stadium next Saturday afternoon. Last week’s game resulted in a 7 to 6 defeat of the Riveters from the Illini reserves at Champaign, Illinois.
With., softball competition under way, a number of misinterpretations of the roles have cropped op and “Chief” Clevett is anxious to get these cleared up before game protests are lodged. First among these difficulties Is the rule governing force-onts. As the old rules read, the runner had to be tagged on any forced out, but this is not necessary under present regulations, as is pointed out in rule 20, section 5, of the softball rule book. Spikes Prohibifed Although spikes are permitted in a number of softball leagues, local rules prohibit either metal spikes or cleats. The ball to be used in all contests is to be the webb rubber-cov-ered 14-inch ball, and can be purchased at both “Deac’s” and Decker’s. Infield Fly Rule Among other misunderstandings IS that concerning the infield fly, on which the judgment of the official is final, and which is explained in rule 19, section 8. Rule 13, concerning a fair hit ball, rule 26, section 3 about scoring from third, and rule 27, section 12, on leaving a base should also be noticed especially by team managers.
Copyright 1937. Liggett Bc Myers Tobacco Co.
ALL- CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY—4:15 P. E. Johnson vs. Croxall or McGrath Juve vs. Woodson Brodsky vs. Powell or Ayer Kosowicz vs. Orr or I. K. Huffman Brockman vs. Anderson or Oyler Thompson vs. Tillson Douglass vs. Prey or Chenoweth Wagner vs. Housekeeper or L’Heureux Fleming vs. Vaughn Hargesheimer vs Manger or Belding Curry vs. Lown Ludberg vs. Hebbeler
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1—Ward 2X vs. Ward 17 3— Ward 2 vs. Ward IIX i 4— Ward 7 vs. Ward llA 5— ^Ward 4 vs. Ward 11 7— Ward 18 vs. Ward 12 8— 3^pha Chi Rho vs. Faculty 9— Ward 5 vs. Ward lOA 11—Ward 6 vs. Ward 13 13—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 14 15—Ward 9 vs. Ward 16 17—^Ward 10 vs. Ward 16
Positions Remain Open As 60 Enroll In WAA Hockey Sixty girls are enrolled in W.A.A. hockey with more positions available. Co-eds competing for class teams must check in eight practices by October 22. Seniors and sophomores will practice every Monday and Wednesday; juniors and freshmen have practices scheduled Tuesday and Thursday. Open practice will be held Friday for everyone. Class mahagers will be selected this Vfeek. Barbara Dobson, W. Ar. A. hockey chairman, last night suggested that all girls with or without hockey experience come out for this sport. Co-ed Archer; Enroll Today Irene Boehm, head of archery for W. A, A., announced yesterday that all girls interested in archery can enroll iirthe activity this evening at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. PIA Extends Invitations To Non-jororlty Freshmen P. I. A. is sending special invitations to freshmen women and transfer students who are not planning to go through the formal rush period, October 2 to 7. Mary Wien, co-ed exeutive of the Purdue Independent Association, announced yesterday that all new ,co-eds who aye not planninjg to pledge a sorority are invfted to attend the P. I. A, parties. The opening tea will be held Saturday afternoon of October 2 from 8 to 5 o'clock in the faeulty lounge of the Union Building at the same time the different sororities are giving teas. Two parties will follow on October 5 and 7; the hours for Tuesday and Thursday are 7 to 8:30,'i'T"
K&'; F#'. 14^ p.''■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# September 28# 1937
Co-ed Honorary To Hold Tea In Union Niue sophomoi’e women who made distinguished last semcstei’ will be pledged to Alpha Lambda Delta, coed honorary, at an informal tea tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Symbols of the pledging, yelloAv, white, and scarlet rib-bon-pins, are to be w'orn by the sorority neophytes until the initiation, which takes place Sunday, October 24, preceding a sumnse breakfast. Catherine Cooley heads the committee in charge of arrangements, with Shirley Andersoii and Patricia Heine assisting. All actives and alumni are invited to attend the tea. , Prospective pledges are: Mary Beko, Lucy Demoret, Margaret Crankshaw, Katherine Henderson, Bonita House, Rosemary Ince, Marietta Johnson, Mai’y Frances McLaughlin, and Margaret Mathes. Radio Stage Auditions Tonight In WBAA Studios Radio Stage, radio dramatic organization, announces auditions for tonight at 7 o’clock in WBAA studios in the Electrical Engineering Building. Radio Stage was founded two years ago by Gilbert Williams, who acted as director since its organization, until he assumed his new duties of program director of WBAA this fall. John Dietrich, late of NBC studios, and assistant in the Speech department, Supplants Williams in this office. A one-act play is presented by the group, every Saturday afternoon at 1 o’clock over WBAA. Demonstrations for other organizations over the state provide variation from the regular broadcasting schedule. The membership in any other’ student club is not a needed prerequisite.
Debate Managerialls For Sophomore Assistants W. E. Perry, senior debate manager, has issued a call for sophomore men debate managers, who will aid in conducting the year’s intramural forensic program. Applications should be turned in by 0 o’clock tomorrow in room 305 of University Hall. Debate managers will help run the Beveridge public speaking contest, the Hanley public speaking contest, and the Mohlman debate contest. Sophomore men who make good will be given a key, and will be chosen for junior debate managers. Those who participated in debate last year, iirospective managers, and faculty members are planning a steak fry in the country for tonight.
Local Ads
FOR RENT—Room for one, large desk, board for three. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311. .
Student and fraternity washings 6c pound for flat work ironed and student bundles finished. Phone 75402, Shearm Laundry.
Euller Brushes—Bristle comb for $2.69, the modern hairbrush. D. R. Douglas, 635 Perrin avenue. Phones 3417 or 36352.
LOST—Gray-black Parker Challenger fountain pen with silver clip. Reward. Call C. A. Wallace, 66104, 315 University.
LOST—During registration. A black leather notebook. Initialed E. R. P. Reward. Phone 55227.
LOST—’37 class ring in washroom of Civil Engineering Building Friday. Reward. Phone 65604. 427 N. Salisbury.
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J, RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Florist —— Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclttsive aB8«rtment of corBagreg available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Dress Shop — Val-U Dress Shop 430 Main St.
Beauty Studio
CORRECT BEAUTY TREATMENT
Co-ed Days Tues. and Thurs. Kienly Beauty Studio 622 Main Phone 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Jewelry — R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, Vf. L. 'i — Confectionery —r Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz s Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair ^Hop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Photography —— Scobee’s . REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette ■ Dine —
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
LOST IN UNION—$10 bill ^Saturday evening. Reward. Return to Exponent office in Union Building.
SENIOR MILITARY STUDENT —Who had basic boots mixed up in January. Call 55034.
Notices
University Orche^ra: The following will report, Monday, September 27 at 8 p. m., to the studio in Eliza Fowler Hall for rehearsal. This does not include several of those whose tryouts have been deferred: Appleyard, Bigelow, Diggins, Eberhardt, Greger, Hackleman, Hart, Hartley, Hocker, Je\^ett, Jones, Kimmel, Newhouse, Orlowski, Peterson, Pressler, Rifenburgh, Robertson E., Robertson J., Schlitter, Schoger, Schreiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, Zettel. —PHILLIPS.
W. A. A.; Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 :16 in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are taking or intend to take the cabin leadership course should attend. 0 —SWICK.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon office has been changed from Fifth street to room_ E on the main floor of the Memorial Union Building. Report promptly at four o’clock each day. —PYKE.
Freshman Exponent Workers: The following freshman schedules have been made. Monday: Middleton, Musaer, Lower. Tuesday: Beer, Strickland, Thompson, Wunderlich. Wednesday: Fournier, Gregory. Thursday: Robson, Gaddis. Friday: Connelly, McKee, Meyers, Van Hook, Grass. Saturday: Blocker, Maudlin, Ross', Wheeler. Those named should report to the “stooge” on the night preceding their names on the
above schedule at 4 p‘, m. at the Exponent office, 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette. —BitOCK. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting to be held in Memorial Union Building, room B, at 7:30 p. m. September 28. —WINTER.'! Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Undergraduate Dames: Important meeting of active members is room A of the Memorial Union Building at 8 p. m. September 28. —DAVIS.
Hockey: Seniors and sophomores practice at 4 o’clock, September 27. —DOBSON.
Purdue Student Alliance: Business meeting September 29, at 7 p. m. in room B of Union. All members are urged 'to attend. —BUCKLES.
Peace Committee: Meeting September 28 at 4 p. m. in room D of the Union. All delegates are requested to be present. —BUCKLES.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledge tea at 4 p. m., September 29, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. All members and alumni please be present. —RANDALL. Debris photographers: The following men report to the Debris office at 4 o’clock September 28: D. R. Wray, J. Williams, H. W. Rhodehamel, C. Gardner, R‘. H. Dyer, R. Campbell, Strickland, W. Gephart, J. Stanley, W. Hedden, J. E. White, G. Truran, and C. Milner. * —VERNER.
Scriveners Club: Meeting September 28 in Scrivener-Engineer office at 7 :30. There will be an editorial staff meeting following the general meeting. —BROCK.
Zouave Squad: All members report to the Armory at 4 :16 p. m. September 29. —VANDEEFOED.
Basic Military Students: All freshmen and sophomores taking basic military training and interested in the Zouave squad as
HAYS lEWELEY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
an activity, report to the Armory at 4:1B September 29. ^ —VANDERFORD.
Debris Sales Staff: Important meeting on September 28 at 4 p.'pi. in Debris office. —SIEBENTHAL.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting September 30 at 7 p. m. in faculty loun§:e. All freshmen^ and new students are invited. Voting on new rules. —CONWAY.
Xi Sigma Pi: Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building, September 28 at 7 :30 p. m. —SCHWEIDLER.
Union Sophomores: Will our committees report to the Union office September 28, at 1 o’clock. - —EASTBURN. WOOD, TURNER. W. S. G. A. Judicial Board: Meeting September 28, 7 :15 o’clock, in the W. S. G. A. office. —SLOCUM.
Identification Photos: Students who have not been photographed for their identification card, or need their photograph retaken, should report at once to the office of the Assistant Dean of Men at 4 p. m. September 28 or 29. —GOLDSMITH.
Union Workers: Our committee will meet September 29 at 4 o’clock in the Union workshop. Important. —CABONARGI, MATTHEWS.
Knitters: Co-ed knitting club contest to be explained September 30 at 7 :W p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. —WOOD.
Dolphin Club: All members of the Dolphin Club are to meet tonight at 7 o’clock at the Pi'Kappa Phi house on 330 North
Grant street.
-ARMS'TRONG.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will the memliers of our committee meet September 28 at 4 o’clock in the Union office. . . —JACOBSON, MASON, HARPER, SAMUELSON.
Playshop Stage Crew: Ail old and new members Of Playshop Stage prew please report to Sub-basement of Union Building at 4 p. m. this afternoon. —BRENMAN.
W. A. A. Hockey; September 3# and October 1 are dates for open practice for anyone. —DOBSON.
P. I. A.: All Indepfendent students interested in radio stage report to WBAA studios in the Electrical Engineering Building at 7 p. m. September 28. < —WELLS, MYER.
Cooperative Book Exchange: Members check September 28 and 29, to see if your books have been sold. —LUDWIG.
Social Dancingr Classes Everyone should be taught social daneing, as it is one of the most important social requirements that life in this age demands. . To experienced dancers we offer y*u the latest. To Beginners we offer competent and careful instruction. ENROLL NOW
ADVANCE CLASS THURSDAY, SEPT. 30, 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER’S CLASS FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1, 7:00 P. M. We also have Adult Tap Classes, Ladies’ Ballet Classes aMd Children’s Classes. Call or Phone 2150 ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
EVENING POST t^/S
Hi iieiii mm win the Ubrh/Series F
A MWI - iiiAiic i®m And One Was Beautiful
Would you reveal a sister’s crime to save the man you love? Start this powerful story of young love and a crime that upset the, lives of three people. First of six ' exciting parts. by ALICE DUER lyilLLER Author of “WIAMSLAUGHTER”
AND Damon Runyon’s story “A Job for The Macarone”. . .“Uncharted Honeymoon” by'Ruth andBill Albee . . . Thomas McMorrow introduces “The little thug” Frederick, aged eleven, in “DifRcUlt Child”, . .“Cloudy to Fair” hy M. G. Chute . . .“Dead Mileage” hy Joseph Marshall. . .“Seven Must Die,” a South Seas mystery by James Warner Bellah . . . And cartoons, editorials, poetry. Plenty of fun in this week’s Post.
A SECOND BASEMAN unwittingly tips off each pitch to the batter, and his team loses a World Series. A catcher casually touches his shirt or someone hollers “Come on, Hank,” and an entire team knows the next play. Signals run a ball game, and signals can ruin a game when a smart opponent steals them from you. Here’s how baseball’s tricky sign language works, and what happens when dugout detectives discover the mysterious hipperdipper. Read “Will They Steal This Series?”
by STANLEY FRANK
mswimtti
&v/v''