This NewspdpAf Is Publuhed Each Morning But Mbmdcqr By StudentB Of Purdue UniYetBity
Purdue Exponent
tdesdaV Septemhor 13^ 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. SO No. 2
YWCA Members Plan Tea Thursday For subdued swingster Counselors And New Women Students
The Week’s NEWS
FOREIGN Czechoslovakian President . . . . . Eduard Benes Saturday urged the people of this little post-war republic to settle the minorities dispute with Germany without war and to “lay aside all arms except those of spirit and argument.” “I have always been an optimist and my optimism today is stronger than ever. I have unshakeable faith in our state, its health, its strength, and its i)ower of resistance, in its indomitable spirit, and the devotion of the entire population,” President Benes told the various peoples of Czechoslovakia. Reliable Sources . . . . . . reported that France was moving heavy artillery, tanks, aifd gi-j gantic railroad guns into the Maginot line on the .German frontier last week. And other indications of unrest include evacuation of wealthy frontier families’to the interior, cancellation of arsenal workers’ leaves, and delivery of trucks and mechanized units to the army as they leave the assembly line, many still unpainted. Great Britian . . . ... is ready to fight for Czechoslovakia in the event of invasion. Sir Neville Henderson, ambassador to Germany, was reported as advising the Nazi government. Crushed After . . . . . . three and one-half hours of fighting was a rebellion last week by a small group of Chilean National Socialists at Santiago in which at least 61 persons were killed and 58 arrested. Gen Carlos Ibanez, former dictator and a candidate in the Chilean .presidential election of next month, faces court martial as leader of the rebellion. WAR Spanish Insurgents . . . . . . are hammering hard with a strong mailed fist to smash through the loyalist Ebro river sector near Gandesa. Col. Juan Modesto Guillotto, commander of the government’s Ebro ai’my, estimated Saturday that 86,000 Italian soldiers were shouldering arms in the present insurgent drive. Rebel airmen and artillerymen were reported to have centered bombardments on government fortifications near Corbera, two miles north of Gandesa, in continued efforts to crush the government’s hold west of the Ebro river in south Catalonia. The Spanish insurgent command resumed its Teruel-Sagunto road drive toward Valencia on Wednesday. Operations on this offensive had been stalled for a month and a
half.
Warning Shots . . . . . . from French anti-aircraft batteries near Port Vendres blocked the escape over France on September 5 of a squadron of five insurgent bombers. The planes were fleeing Spanish government anti-air-craft guns after raiding the loyalist port of Puerto de la Seiva. Following a round of shellfire, the bombers climbed and disappeared. In Southwestern Spain . . . . . . insurgent hnd government forces were locked Saturday in a four day old struggle for possession of Cabezuela Hill. From this point insurgent^’guns have been able to protect a salient projecting toward the Almaden mercury mines. The hill stands near Cabez del Buey, a town about 20 miles west of Almaden. , Chinese Forces . . . . . . stalled off the Jap menace to Hankow on Thursday by trapping and defeating at Kwangtsi a column of Japanese troops shoving toward Hankow along the north bank of the Yangtze river. Hankow, provisional <capital and center of Chinese resistance, is the objective of present Jap (Continued on page 2)
After classes Thursday afternoon counselors and new women students will be entertained by the YWCA members at the annual fall tea in the faculty lounge. Betty Klein, president YW, said yesterday that while it was primarily for new students she hoped that many old coeds would attend to get acquainted with the new girls. It will be strictly an informal tea with those who attend wearing school dress. Officers of the organization will be introduced and the details of the fall program explained during the tea. There will be a table at the door where girls may sign membership cards and pay dues. Anyone who wishes to pay her dues before or after the tea may do so at the Union YW office which is at the we§^tjend of the second floor on the right hand side of the hall just before the music room door. New Co-eds Guests At WSGA Tea Sunday Freshman and transfer women students and their counselors were guests of WSGA at a tea given on Sunday afternoon in the North residence Hall from 4 to 5 o’clock. Althea Jorgenson and Georganna Huber, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, were in charge of the tea, which is now given annually instead of the president’s banquet formerly held each
fall.
Co-eds were introduced in the receiving line to Dean Dorothy Stratton, dean of women; Dean Mary Matthews of the Home Economics school; Miss Clare Coolidige, assistant dean of women; Miss Helen Schleman, director of the residence halls; Miss Ruth Houghton, director of Placement for Women; Mary Alice Learning, president WSGA; and Betty Jo Sexton, chairman of the transfer orientation committee. Kathryn Merritt and Eva Robertson furnished music during the reception. Tea was served in the dining room by Phyllis Grossman, Barbara Dobson, Betty Hiner, Margaret Jones, Georgiana Pittman, Jean Stoltz, Mary Wein, and Martha Wood. This was the second annual tea given by WSGA for new women students.
Over 2,000 Eds, Co-eds Go Through Polished Registration Routine
Orrin Tucker
Exponent Staff ^ There will be a meeting of the entire Exponent editorial, sports and co-ed staffs tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. in the Union Exponent office, room D. Bring schedule cards.
—HARDIN.
Mixer Friday To Feature Orrin Tucker And Band ^ Orrin Tucker and his orchestra, featuring the Bailey sisters and Bonnie Baker, will bring his distinctive music direct from a record engagement at the Edgewater Hotel in Chicago, Illinois, for the regular mixer Friday night in the Union Ballroom from nine until midnight. Orrin started his orchestra three years ago, and features a subdued type of music which is based upon his original smooth rhythmatic style. Bonnie Baker, charming vocalist and the Bailey sisters, add to Orrin’s sophisticated rhythm providing a colorful evening. Orrin has had previous engagements at the Schroeder Hotel in Milwaukee, Wis., William Penn Hotel in Pittsburgh, Pa., and the Baker Hotel in Dallas, Texas. The dance is tagged at one dollar per couple. Book Fxchange Will Begin Sales Today In Union Ballroom Book sales at the Student Book exchange will begin today noon instead of tomorrow noon as was previously announced. The change was made because of such a large number of books were received yesterday at the desks in the Upion ball-
room.
Since opening time yesterday noon 527 books have been received- Thh*' total worth of these volumes figlired from prices set by the owners, is
$945.
This will be the> second semester this student-operated, non-profit exchange has-been conducted at Purdue. Student Union and Student Senate workers comprise the personnel of the organization. Personnel manager John Richardson last night issued a call for all workers to report to the ballroom as soon as possible in bi-der that the work schedules may be arranged.
Lafayette Theater Is New Mecca For Purdue Students
Gone is the old Family Theater at the corner of Sixth and Main but in its place rises the newly opened Lafayette Theater, complete with the latest sound and projection equipment, decorations, and facilities for its patrons. Opened formally on Thursday, September 1, the peremony was headed by Mayors Teal, of Lafayette, and Morgan, of West Lafayette, and several officers of the Fourth Avenue Amusement Company, Louisville, Kentucky, which owns and operates the Mars and Luna theaters. Modernistic Outside The outside of the theater is completely modernistic, combining the straight sevex’e lines with a striking color combination of cream and black. The front is black structural glas^s and cream Rostone, so arranged to give the illusion of five columns rising from the marquee to the roof of the building. The marquee which runs across the entire front extends out to the curb and affords ample protection
on ramy nights. The name “Lafayette” is mounted above the marquee and beneath it and on both sides electric signs advertise the current
picture.
The vestibule has gilt inlaid walls and the floors are covered with thick rubber mats. The “Lafayette” has installed, in its beautifully lighted and furnished foyer, glass walls and an amplifying system so that waiting patrons may view the picture. , Upholstered Seats The auditorium decorated in keeping with the modernistic exterior, IS indirectly lighted from aluminum ' fixtures. The seats are of the latest design and are luxuriously upholstered in maroon. The projection and sound equipment is completely modern. Two complete projection units are installed" in the fire proof projection room at the rear of the auditorium. The screen, made of porous rubber is of the latest type with the sound horns mounted directly behind it.
2^179 Freshmen At Orientation; One. Fifth Co-eds Another record-breaking freshman class continued’ orientation activities yesterday, planning to register today and tomorrow. New students attending Saturday’s first orientation meeting numbered 2,179 or approximately 100 more than the corresponding figure last year. Count of orientation cards filed at the information desk in the Union last night showed that about 435 of the 2,179 students are co-eds. This means about 20 per cent women in the freshman class. By far the most of the freshmen names begin with “M” or “S”, and even “Q”, “Z,” and “U” were represented. No “X” initialed rhinie could be found, while of the “Q’s” only three were registered. The large freshman class is expected to help swell total University enrollment to about 600 more students than registered last year. Scriveners Publish Winning Articles In Special Edition “I’d like to see the Scrivener magazine publish these winning entries in a special issue. In fact, I think that the Un^ersity can be induced to sponsor "such a publication!” So said President E. C. Elliott in a surprise announcement at the Literary Banquet last May. In response to that wish, 500 copies of that special issue are now being distributed. Stories, poems, plays, and essays that won first place in the All-Campus Literary Contest of 1938 are included in a 50 page Scrivener issue which is being distributed from the Scrivener booth at registration. “Good Scotch” “Good Scotch” and “Sticky Afternoon,” by Helen Steffee, joint winners of the Reisner Short Story Cup, both appear in the special issue. “Masquerade,” “Unwanted Pan,” “Stormrise,” and “Feet in the Ashes,” a group of poems by Jary Cleveland, winner of the Dave Ross Cup, reflect the poet’s changing
mood.
“What Pi ice Research!” by Steven A. Zimmerman, winner of the Ender’s prize for an es|ay on scientific research, deals in the experimental in pure science. “Around Beck’s Mill,” a historical essay based on reminiscences of early southern Indiana pioneering, won first prize for John L. Maudlin in the Hockema-Stewart historical essay contest, and appears with the author’s notations. Dorothy Martenet’s “Beyond the Streets” appears in the special issue. A familiar essay, it won the Governor Townsend Cup in that di-
vision.
Hugh Forster’s “Verdict,” a one act play, the winner of the George Ade Cup, is a sattire on the jury system, and completes the contents of the special issue. Slamp Society Organizes Tomorrow Kighf In Union At its first meeting of this semester tomorrow evdning at 7:30 in room A of the Union Building, the Lafayette Philatelic Society will" welcome new students interested in stamp collecting as a hobby. According to Henry Miller, president of the society, all stamp-collecting students are invited to attend. Stamp collecting will be brought to the attention of the student body this September 27-28 when the Midwest Federation of Stamp Clubs will give an exhibit and stamp auction in the ballroom of the Union Building.
Better Class Card Distribution System Speeds Up First Day Of Registration First registration day beginning before 8 a. m, and continuing until shortly a:^ter 5 p. m. yesterday found more than a third of Purdue’s students playing the mystifying give and take game of “Get Those Class Cards.” Unofficial Exponent count of registrees was -2,175, while many more finished the day part way through the routine. i
Registration procedure seemed slightly more polished^ this semester with a better system of class card distribution causing much less congestion at the Armory entrance. As the day’s work came to an end, the course and section board, larger and more crowded this year than ever before, was only slightly spotted with the ill-omened red sec-
tion closing tabs.
Many persons went through the lines only long enough to get schedules approved and to procure the all important class cards which are insurance against closed classes. The majority, however, went through the whole classic routine, starting at the class card lines and finally winding out among the Exponent, PIA, Debris, Scrivener, Engineer, Senate, and Date Bureau booths. Enthusiastic senior cord salesmen were busy among the buzzing tables. One group actually took measurements and showed samples. Picture snappers, taking passport shots, this year for the second time, tried in vain to hurry flustered students, while a long line waited with chalked name boards in hand.
Music Tryouts Will Start Wednesday In Eliza Fowler Hall All students who aspire .to membership in the University Choir, the Concert Choir, the Glee Club, or the University Orchestra must meet tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, according to an announcement by University Music
Director A. P. Stewart.
Any student who does not attend tomorrow’s meeting.,will not be considered for membership in any of the mi^sical organizations, said Stewart. Plans for the’** coming year and tryout instructions will be discussed at the meeting. Student managers who will explain plans of respective organizations are: University Choir of 150 members, Morris H. Erickson, Ag. ’40; Concert Choir of 24 members, Van W. Coddington, IE ’39; Glee Club of 36 members, Paul F. Worcester, Ag. ’39; and University Orchestra of 45 pieces, Robert A.
Phillips, ChE ’39.
2i Dates Start
WSGA Date Bureau Campus Varieties On New Season To Start Saturday
Two hundred dates fixed by Betty Jo Sexton, WSGA vice president, and her^Date Bureau assistants left the WRH windows dark by 9:30 last Saturday night. Statistics on the Bureau show that all co-ed applications were made by freshmen or transfer students, but a large percentage of the eds were upperclassmen, In an effort to assure a successful evening, the applicants were rated according to type. The names of persons most likely to be congenial were then matched. Date Bureau operations will continue for the next four or five weeks —as long as its services are in demand. During registration, dates may be signed for at a table in the Armory. After Wednesday, however, the Bureau will move back to the Union lobby. Sign ups do not carry over, so it is important to relegister for each date. Let it be understood that upperclass women may register. Help use lip the excess of males!
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair with local showers in south portion. Cooler.
With Henry Miller acting as master of ceremonies and Bud Bryant and his orchestra furnishing the rhythm. Campus Varieties will get under way next Saturday afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. The one-hour program, in its second year, will start at the usual time, 3 o’clock, and will feature a special show for the freshmen. Others to take part in the program are Sal Palma, Benny Bums and Jerry Ciral, who will share the spotlight, with the Vinegar Swingsters, a swing trio, and Russ Mock, pianist. “Prospects for Campus Varieties for this season are 100 per cent better than they were last November when the show started” said Henry “Hank” Miller yesterday concerning prospective talent for the cahapus radio show, put on once a week by University students. Tryouts Monday Tryouts for those interested will be held in the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building next Monday from 4 to 6 p. m. and according to Miller, all singers, duets, trios quartets, imitators, instrumental soloists, yand comedy teams are invited to try out for this all-student program. An accompanist will be on hand for singers.
Purdue Impresses Out Of Statef Indiana Co-eds Alike
By Mary Jane Carr “Isn’t Purdue wonderful?” one freshman co-ed exclaimed to another. “It’s so exciting—my roommate’s from New York and oh—the tales she tells of the ‘big city’!” There are about 13 freshmen women from New York, 45 from Illinois and 19 from Ohio, but these numbers are all overshadowed by 160 for this is the number from Indiana. The conversation in the sweet shop is decidely cosmopolitan as; the four from Michigan and the four from New Jersey try to
out-talk the trio from Nebraska and that of Tennessee. Sets of two’s have come from New Mexico, Wisconsin, Georgia, and Washington, D. C. The girls from Pennsylvania, Idaho, Kentucky, Massachusetts, West Vii'ginia, Rhode Island, Iowa, Kansas, Canada, Montana, and Missouri ai’e likely to be homesick first, for they have come alone from their home states. Perhaps they’re not too homesick yet though, for it was one girl from Georgia who said “Isn’t Purdue wonderful!"||, '.'’^
lEjir ' ■ ^
■^r^ :
£diJtoJual the pobdbe expoment J^iaiuMi
Tuesday^ September ld«,ld38
Registration..
.. . presents a semesterly problem to students and faculty alike. Successfulnenrollment of 6,000 students would be impossible without some such, intricate and large scale system as that now in use—^a system that necessarily must involve considerable red tape.
Planning on the part of the students could facilitate matters, however. Students who know what courses they intend to take and who make out tentative schedules beforehand fare much better than their less-prepared fellows. Familiarity with the registration rules and routine is also a great timesaver.
From the habits of yesterday’s registrees a Wednesday rush seems inevitable, for far too many students merely waited to get class cards and then left, planning to finish later. Also as is usually the custom there will probably be a crowd of upperclassmen helping the freshmen through rush. That on the surface seems a worthwhile practice, but actually it turns out that the upperclassmen know very little more than the freshman about registration and especially about the freshman class schedules. Most often it turns out that the “helpers” are just in the way.
Freshman Rushees,
... seem to be a good deal more wary and wise in the ways of fraternity rush. Few fraternities have large pledge lists as yet, and the main reason is that many frosh are hesitant and wish to see all the houses before they tie up with any particular one.
the Purdue E^onent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder thf act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.S0. Editor-In-Chief I. Stanhack Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor.... i....L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C, Reeves Local Advertising Manager.... E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager.... V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director...\.'... D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors.. Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J- A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building. West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
tigation was necessary to assure the coining congress that future WPA funds would not be misappropri-. ated. Senator Sheppard (D-Tex.), chairman of the Senate campaign expenditures committee, eharged that WPA officials superseded dules against political activity.
prediction meaningless. Experts, judging corporate reports for the first six months, estimate that payments will exceed production, showing a net loss for the entire year.
Harry L. Hopkins, WPA administrator, denied that a canvass determining political affiiliation of WPAers was an attempt to aid in the renomination of Senator Barkley (D-Ky). Hopkins stated that it was being done in response to a complaint that a great number of the persons certified for relief were Republicans and that “Democrats were being discriminated against.”
Soybeans ... . . . comparatively' unknown twenty years ago; this year’s crop will amount to 60 million bushels, jimd experts predict that perhaps within~^ the next decade the oil from the beans will replace much of the vegetable oil now imported from foreign countries.
Surveying Make Up: C E 6 exam will he held in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, September 17, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permits to take the exam must be secured before this date in room 102. —LOMMEL,
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, September 14 at 7:30 in WSGA office. —LEAMBNG.
State Poll Taxes . . .
Good Printing At Painless Prices
. . . are the outgrowth of requirements of the post-revolutionary war period .according to a statement made by the President last week. Disclosing his opposition to the state fees. President Roosevelt acknowledged a previous letter. Written to Brooks Hays, Arkansas national democratic committeeman, endorsing a proposed Arkansas constitutional amendment to abolish the poll tax.
FAST SERVICE
KANE'S PRINT SHOP
401 S. 29th Street PHONE 5205
Campus Varieties Tryouts: All persons comedy teams, singers, imitators, scriptwriters, etc., interested in trying out for the Campus Varieties radio program, report to the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building Monday, September 19, from 4 to 6 p. m. —MILLER.
Campus Varieties: All students connected with the Campus Varieties radio program last year call radio s.tation 6076 and leave their phone numbers. —MILLER.
Sophomore Union Workers—^All workers report to the ballroom of the Union Building before noon today, September 13 to schedule hours for work on the Book Exchange. —RICHARDS.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon', Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
BUSINESS
The idea is good and speaks well for the good sense of the class of ’42, but just as any other good thing, it caii be carried too far. Fraternities this year will be crowded to their limit, and even with many rushees holding off, the pledge quotas will soon be filled. The wise freshman would do well to consider this before waiting too long. ,
Purdue Politeness
Shortage of Skeletons ... . . . due to wai' preparations in Europe, has sent the price of a good “working” human frame up to $50, states John F. Lonergan, who for the past 30 years has been “fixing up skeletons.”
. . . is improving according to latest reports. Registration workers volunteer to inform us that one student in five now says “thank you” when his cards are checked and stamped.
Adolf Hitler will meet a violent death at a woman’s hands.
Skeletons, ordinarily by-products of war, are prepared for educational institutions and in past years Euhopean nations, once chief exporters of them as biological material, have neglected them for munitions manufacturing. ,
(Continued from page 1) drive now within 80 miles of its goal. However, the Japanese reported Saturday two sweeping advances toward the Peking-Hankow railway, that they hope to cut olf north of Hankow as a major tactic in their effort to capture the city. The invaders reported one of their columns in a surprise drive southward from the Lunghai railway zone had advanced through north Honan province to a point within 45 miles of the -vital railway line.
Cardinal Hayes was Archbishop of New York at the time of his death. He was the beloved leader of thousands and the friend and sympathetic adviser of every bishop of the country. Burial will be in the special crypt beneath St. Patrick’s reserved for the Archbishops of New York.
NATIONAL St. Patrick’s Cathedral ... . . . on^New York’s Fifth, avenue saw 60,000 silent, reverent mourners file by the bier of Patrick Cardinal Hayes this week as the body lay at rest proceeding, burial last Friday.
Many Queer Things ... ... flashed across the nation’s front pages this week. We learned from a pencil collector that statesmen like yellow pencils better. From Chicago, the American Cosmeticians’ National association announces that four out of the six most beautiful hands in America belong to housewives who do their own house work. And when more than 1,000 stargazers and students of Michigan convened in Detroit, they came out with the sinister prediction that
WASHINGTON Scratching ... / . . . their heads, members of the Senate campaign expenditures committee have asked for the explanations of the dismissal of Earl Cocke, Georgia NEC director, and Edgdr B, Dunlap, RFC attoimey at Atlanta. Rumor had previously stepped in to state that these officials lost their jobs as a result of supporting Senator George’s renomination campaign. Political ... . . . activities of Postmistress Maud Coulson brought her to the eye of Senator Tydings (D-Md), and after checking his charges the Senate campaign fund investigation committee recently announced a substantiation. Maud’s case in secret report form has been turned over to the postoffice department for action. Republicans... . . . recently admitted senate inves-
Meditation Failing ... ... a fifteen per cent wage cut, affecting the nation’s major i^ailroad employees, 920,000 in number, goes into effect October 1. However, the Railway Labor Act provides that the President may appoint a commission after the National Mediation Board has declared a state of emergency. Technically an emergency will not exist until a strike is called, but if the 19 railroad brotherhoods set a date for a strike, the President may select a commission to review the case, thus preventing either side from disturbing the status of their relations for 60 days.
Commerce Officials . . . . . . estimated that the national income for 1938 will run close to 64 billion dollars, six per cent lower than last year.
This forecast is dependent upon business maintaining the rate of improvement shown in the last.few months. The outbreak of a war in Europe, however, would make the
Hello, SENIORS SURE THEY'RE HERE
SENIOR
CORDS
Will we have derbies and canesl CERTAINLY We came through last year and we'll be right in there pitching again.
SAVE
BE CONVINCED BRING THIS AD WITH YOU
10% to 25% off
On Your APPROVED
DRAWING INSTRUMENTS
and
DRAWING SUPPLIES
SEE US BEFORE YOU BUY
Purdue Variety Store
IN THE VILLAGEA
-■‘y. ■
‘'"f'^^H^ #/>
Tuesday, September 13, 1938
THE PURDtDFE EXPONENT
Football Scrimmaiie Practice Begins
/
ielder’s.,*. ....cholee
American League
W
L
Pet.
GB
New York
92
42
.687
Boston
76
56
.576
15
^ Cleveland
57
.671
UVa
Detroit
69
64
619
22V2
Washington
66,
69
.489
26V2
Chicago
54
72
.429
34
^ St. Louis
48
82
.362
42%
Philadelphia
48
86
.3^8
44
4 r
Yesterday’s Results Detroit 4, Chicago 3. Only game scheduled.
National League
W
L
Pet.
GB
Pittsburgh
76
63
.689
Chicago
75
69
.669
SVa
Cincinnati
74
60
562
4y2
v New York
73
61
.644
61/2
Boston
66
65
603
11
St. Louis
62
71
.466
16
Brooklyn
61
72
.469
17
j ^ Philadelphia
42
88
323
331/2
Yesterday’s
Results
No games scheduled
Approximately 60 tons of hard, fast, well-conditioned muscle was at work yesterday preparing for the long season of give and take which lies ahead in the stiff battle for the Western conference football championship. —^fc— Work will be hard and intensive in all the Big Ten schools this week as squads polish for the rigorous early schedules. Boilermaker gridmen will continue their daily-double practice sessions until Thursday, when drills will be limited to a single practice by resumption of classes. ’ —fc— Illinois appears to have the largest number of men in harness with Chicago having the smallest group . Coach Bob Zuppke has 14 lettermen returning . . Chicago will again have the weakest team in the Conference but may have a bag full of upsets hid beneath their water buckets —fc— “Fritz” Crisler is starting his first year at Michigan . . Northwestern
appears plenty tough as usual . Iowa and Ohio State can be named as the “dark horse” members of the Big Ten stable . with Columbus the center and capital of a footballcrazy state. Coach Schmidt should have no trouble finding replacements for center Wolf and others lost on the diploma trail —^fc— Wisconsin appears none too strong . Coach Harry Stuldreher appears handicapped by a small turnout . predictions await the Badgers opening games with Marquette and Iowa . . less is heard of Minnesota this year than for many a long time the Gophers still appear to be the team to beat, however, and will probably end up at the top of a very bruised and battered heap —^fc— At Bloomington, Coach “Bo” McMillin cries harder than ever before . everyone is predicting a standout team, however, and the cries may later come from the other side of the field if last season’s record is any indication —^fc— Viewed synoptically, the Big Ten again seems to offer the keenest compeition of all the many college football associations throughout the country
TO BRING YOU FINER LAUNDERED SHIRTS
We Have Just Installed This NEW SHIRT EQUIPMENT Five new presses, each shaped to iron one part of the shirt, sleeve ironers and collar form-rite ironer that do perfect work. ^ An investment of several thousand dollars—all to launder shirts that will be the talk of the campus!
15c
each
(Special Student Service—5 pounds $1.25—Shirts included) 10% discount on laundcy brought in and called for at
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
West Side Oflfice
132 Vine St.
B
1C 10 andwaffon
A bit of gratifying news from Chicago warns the middlewest that football is picking up a little on the Midway. Outside of the optimistic reports about the actual team personnel, the fact appears that there are no less than four men on the squad who have transferred from other schools. Ends Scott and Harlan from Dartmouth, half back Hawkins from Michigan State, and guard Walter Maurovich from Washington State, are the newcomers. + * Northwestern has two major lettermen back at every position except quarterback and center, where there is one each. Bill De Correvont, Chicago’s Austin High School star of 1937, is a freshman at the Wildcat institution this year. ♦ 5|S H* Irl Tubbs has one of the toughest early season jobs He must prepare his team for the opener with only about a week of practice, as the Hawkeyes travel to Los Angeles for the first game of the season on Friday night, September 23 Believe it or not, Eicherly, Iowa captain, made Ripley’s cartoon a few years ago by scoring 279 points in nine high school games one year That is a mere 31 points per game It sounds like De Correvont. * * With 79 men reporting for the initial practice, Illinois was able to boast the largest turnout among the Big Ten schools Saturday Zuppke’s nephew. Bob, who earned his major letter last year at Illinois, is not returning this fall, but another nephew, Paul, is entering there as a freshman * * * At Ohio State Coach Francis Schmidt started the team out with a heavy drill, disregarding the customary warmup exercises Maybe he has his eyes on the Hoosiers from Bloomington, whom the Buckeyes open the season against Three men were injuied in this initial practice * * s!' Harry Stuhldreher is worrying about his tackles One expeiienced tackle IS ineligible, one soph tackle upon whom he was strongly counting IS also ineligible, and another veteran tackle has given up the game to devote his time entirely to his engineeimg study s{( ^ ^ At ROTC Camp Fort Knox, a fa tal blow was admmisteied Joe Szabo’s football career Joe, a senior guard at Indiana University, leceived a serious wrist injury while wrestling at the summer camp which will keep him out of action this fall
*
School doesn’t start at Michigan until September 26, so Fiitz Ciisler will hold two piactices per day until that date Meyer, quarteiback, Harmon and Mehaffey, halves, and Chiistey, fullback, looked good dming the fiist pie-season dulls Issue Call For Ward Managers Independent men inteiested in inti amuial athletic ward managership should inquiie at the intramuial office in the Fteldhouse Each man will be in chaige of a ward and will be in charge of a complete unit of athletic events The manage! s will woik in coopeiation with the intiamuial depaitment At the end of the season the men that have been in charge of the 14 wards will be awarded medals Independent men may participate in ward athletics which will include softball, touchball, basketball, volleyball, and othei sports Cheer leaders Meet There will be a call for cheerleaders Thursday, September 15,\in room 105 of the Fieldhouse at 4:15 p. m. Freshmen, sophomores, and juniors with or without experience should report.
Elward To Depend On Speedy Running Attack Football practice began in earnest yesterday afternoon on the new practice field back of the Fieldhouse, as Mai Elward ran his charges through blocking and charging dnll, passing and kicking practice, and a scrimmage period which lasted for about an hour. Noticeable was the absence of Cecil Isbell, last year’s aerial star, when the teams scrimmaged late in the afternoon. It is obvious that at the present there is no backfield
man who is a really good passer. A star passing back like Dunae
Purvis or Cecil Isbell, has been one of the mam features of recent Boilermaker teams, but with no man to take Gee’s place Mai tried yesterday to utilize /the speed of his squad in ground plays Most of the scrimmage consisted of wide running plays and cutbacks through tackle, with Ted Hennis, junior quarterback, being depended upon for a lot of blocking Squad Looks Good Nice gains were reeled off by Lou Brock, Jack Brown, Tony Ippolito, and Jim Nesbitt. Most impressive among the sophomores were Ted Tykocki, Mike Byelen, and John
Petty
Earlier in the afternoon, the entire squad was divided into several groups, with Don Powell taking the ends. Red Mackey handling the tackles, Dutch Fehring the guards, and Mel Taube the backs and centers Powell, end for the Boilermakers last year, was signed recently as a coaching assistant Elliott Speaks To Squadl Before leaving for Vancouver, British Columbia, from where he will sail to Manila September 17, President E C Elliott appeared on the practice field and addressed the football squad “I don’t suppose you can realize what effect this fall diversion, football, has on a person of my position,” he began “This will be the first time in 17 years,” he told them “that I have not watched the Purdue football team ” While the ship on which he sails publishes a newspaper, it contains no news from the gridiron, he was recently informed, so that he will be totally uninformed on the Big Ten situation from Septembei 17 to October 11 Prexy Makes Bet Dr Elliott announced that he has a wager which amounts to the price of the cablegram, on the result of the Boiler makei-Hoosiei game at Ross-Ade Stadium Novem-
ber 19
“It would give me a particular delight for you to be responsible for my winning that bet, which will amount to from seven to 20 dollais, as cablegrams to Manila cost about 70 cents a woid,” he said When Mai Elwaid immediately smnounced that “If we lose that game. Mi Elliott, the team’ll pay for that cablegiam,” the Piesident flatly refused, saying that they would take much more pimishment if defeated than if they weie victorious Since 6 p m in Lafayette is 7 o’clock the next morning in Manila, Di Elliott said that he hoped that, “When I get up foi Sunday bieaktast, I get the kind of news I want to get Maybe you’ll play bettei this year than yq^ evei played befoie,” he told them as he left the field He was presented gitts by Co-captains Humphiey and Mihal, before he left, on behalf of the football squad Entries For IM Tennis Tournaments Lagging Entries foi the all campus, fi*eshman, sOphomoie, and junioi-senioi tennis tournaments aie coming in slowly, with the tourneys scheduled foi next week Entry blanks for the tournaments have been posted outside the check- “ out window in the Fieldhouse since Saturday and will remain there until the tournaments begin. A 10cent fee must accompany each signature. Medals will be given to both the winner and runner-up in each tournament.
WAA Dedication Tea Will Install Women In Memorial Gym WAA members will hold a dedication tea Tuesday, September 20, to inaugurate the women’s occupancy of the Memorial Gymnasium. Refreshments will be served and the gym will be open for inspection. The swimming pool, reconditioned and retiled, with new lockers and showers, will be initiated by members of the WAA council after their meeting at 7 15 tomorrow mght. After that the pool will be open every afternoon and several evenings a week. After the start of classes, the WAA sports schedule for the fall will begm. Janette Schaeffer is m charge of hockey. An mdividual archery tournament will start immediately imder the direction of Mona Balcom. Georgia Walker will direct the tenms singles matches. Riflery and bowling start later in the season. Fraternity Freshmen To Report Thursday As . Sports Managers Fraternity freshmen who aspire to intramural managerships are urged to report to the intramural office at 4 00 o’clock, Thursday, September 15 Freshm^ will assist m conducting the intramural sports program, and will be expected to report to the intramuial office every weekday afternoon at 4 o’clock during the semester At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager are selected fiom this group One of these assistant manageis will be elected as Intiamural Managei at the end of his sophomore yeai, the service teiminating at the end of his jun-
101 year
Ch<«en On Merit The selection of managers is made by M L Clevett, Miss Mary Leadbettei, and the Intramuial Managei, and is puiely on the basis of merit Awaids foi this, woik are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago, an Intiamui’al sweater to the assistants at the end of the fieshman yeai, and a “P” sweater to the manager m his junior year Phi Kappas Move To New Location AKL's Seek House Phi Kappa Sigma social fiatermty has moved its foimei location to a new lesidence at 5 Waldion The old house was located at 216 Waldlon Membeis aie very satisfied with then new location, a piivate lesidenee befoie the fiatermty took it ovei The house can accommodate about 27 members. Alpha Kappa Lambda members, at the latest report, weie hot on the trail of a new house, their old one, at 124 Marstellar, havmg been sold late this suinmer. According to Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, they have been negotiating to buy a house on Sheets street, but so far, nothing definite has been done.
I — -I. a ■ .|p.,THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, ^ptember 13, 1938
Cooper tripped up Schickler Saturday night by promising a date with A Kappa Sig’s four-star rushee. Result: Disappointed Schickler plus delighted Cooper, for the mystery man turned out to be none other than - the Union vice-prexy himself.
Frats take notice: Froi^ H. L. Freyn has all the gals a’dither. Among volunteers in the rushing campaign are Ginny Wilking, Vi Dammeyer, and Treva Berry. Act now:
Hot off the press—with our sweat rolls a load of dirt. Incidently, our choice for champion heat waves is Phi Psi Roque Buenting. Horses may sweat, but Roque really showers.
NO SALE! When and if Sig Ep Watson plants the jeweled heart brother Antonini will be ten dollars to the good, but when Antonin leases the pin, Lamb’s manager will retire in clover on the proceeds of the wager.
So far, now good! Hollywood talent scouts were still overlooking Union man Tommy Garland’s sterling qualities, when he was last seen strolling down Hollywood Boulevard by Milt Patterson. Better luck next time. Tommy!
Well the date bureau was run— where we hate to say—by the Kappa’s AGAIN this year and we understand from TREVA BERRY that the dates did not go like snowballs in that good old hot place. Either the boys gettin’ wiser or the girls are gettin’—shall we say—^worse.
time in their new hodse—or should we say around their new house— sp far they have done everything but sleep on the front porch. Every time they go in the house they bump into a carpenter, a painter, cabinetmaker, or somethin’.
Ah! ah! Now don’t you Alpha Chi’s laugh at the above because it looks as if you girls will have to polish off the RAZORS for a real for sure competitor this year.
(Continued on page 6)
Flash! First pin of the year goes to Yvonne Holden Alpha Chi wonder gal. Time 2 hours, 6 minutes, 36 seconds. New record set.
“This Year’s Crop of Kisses” is not for the Kappa pin girls. How long can they get by dating the fish while wearing last year’s pins ?
ATTENTION GIRLS! Heiple is back—with a CAR this time. (Paid Ad)
Fairy tale or not These SPE roisterers received black looks from Date Bureau chairman, Betty Jo Sexton, when they applied for dates to go rat hunting in the city dump. Was WSGA counselor Joyce Johnson surprised when Jean Carterj to whom she had been writing all summer, called up to inform her that HE didn’t want to live in WRH and that HE wished Lafayette’s . stores would stop sending him pictures of evening gowns. Say, what’s happened to Sully Mason ? Doesn’t he rate any Moore t
Here’s a hot one for you Freshmen girls that find it impossible to land a sorority. Do as JANlCE RENICK did and transfer to Butler. She is a Theta there and if everything goes as we expect, she’ll be back next semester. Theta pin and all.
A freshman came up to the “Freshman Info. Desk” in the Union lobby and asked LOUISE SCHICKLER where'the Union lobby was. As I can remember this has been pulled every year just as sure as faith.
Al iJ Am
TODAY — TOMORROW ITS FIRST RUN
The Fuzzies are having quite a
The Phi Gam problem children— BOB COPIS and RALPH COLLY— finally made the grade and planted their pins on a couple of Indianapolis gals. We might add that they are more than we expected from the boys, but that’s life!
AND STILL NO DATES! Is nothing sacred ? Smart girl, Mdl-y Davis, is now making plans for a eFe Gie honeymoon. Where is the SAE pin and that diamond you flashed lasU June ? A wellplanned trousseau ought to stand up for more than a year anyway, Mary.
Cross and Double Cross—Paul
STUDENTS
Protect your Personal Property and Cameras. Low Rates. Easy Terms.
W. P. Weiss, Lux Agency
Room 4, Sharp Bldg. Phone 2566 Lafayette
AIR-CONDITIONED
AND MACKBitOWH
vlSAIlOL . A REPUBLIC RELEASE ALSO FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS
LU'
TODAY
WED.
2 Bib FEATURES
CAROLE LOMBARD FREDERIC MARCH
NOTHING SACRED’ —In Technicolor—
—AND—
MICHAEL WHELAN GLORIA STUART .
‘ISLAND IN THE SKY’
TODAY — WED.
The surprise comedy hit of the
season
-PLUS— RfiBERT BENCHLEY
‘AN EVENING ALONE”
A throbbing Memory You’ll Cherish Forever
A $250,000 “Movie Quiz” Contest Picture
-ALL THIS WEEK-
wfl/i TYRONE ALICE DON POWER* FAYE- AMECHE and ETHEL MERMAN • JACK HALEY
ALLE
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS MONDAY, SEPT. 19, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT. 23, 7:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1st PHONE 2150
WE WILL HAVE
SENIOR DERBIES
FOR THE FIRST
FOOTBALL GAME
Priced At
35e
All At
Deac's
H. G. REISNER
We Sell Only Approved Drawing Supplies - - If You Buy the Right Kind You Save Money
' H i Also Lillie Canes for 5c - - Pennants jOc - - Together 15c Because '■ ^ ^ YOU WON'T HAVE TO BUY TWICE
>' I<'
i'f 4-
Tuesday. September 13. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
-r
COME TO SEARS FOR YOUR SCHOOL NEEDS SEARS FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL BARGAINS!
X
APPROVED DRAWING SUPPLIES
Post No. 630 Drawing Set Post No. 5071 Slide Rule 20 X 26” Drawing Board "T” Square Slide Rule "Purdue Special” Triangular Scale
$22.95 $10.95 $1.19 $1.39 $1.49 65c
Venus Drawing Pencils, 2H-4H-6H-F 9 c Scotch Tape, 10 Yds 25c French Curves . •39c 1 Piece Thumb Tacks, 100 to box . 13c Drawing Ink 23c
WORK GLOVES 80c Value 69c PR. Heavy leather gloves for shop 3 work.
PAJAMAS
$1.00 Values
88c
Good, fast - color broadcloths in plain and fancy colorings. Full cut. Choice of middy . . . coat-size . . . collarless or with notched collar. Sizes A, B, C, D.
RUBBER RAINCOAT
$2.50 Value
$1.98
100% waterproof Lightwei^t. Popular singTbvbreasted style. WuK not crack or peel. $2.50 value. Sizes 34 to 48.
SEARS' FAMOUS TRU-POINT SHIRTS $2.00 VALUE
Style-conscious men with an eye for neatness will choose Tru-point, the shirt that has graced the shoulders of the best-dressed men in America! Distinguished by the smoothness of its collar, its super-fine fabric, and superb tailoring! Exquisitely fine broadcloth, soft and lustrous . . . the very type you've seen in shirts selling at $2.00! The collar points lie flat from the time you put the shirt on until you take it off . . . the secret's in the patented, invisible, flexible stay. The collar is fused, too . . . can't buckle, sag or wilt. Tailored by one of our best known shirt makers, with all the features that ordinarily indicate a much higher price — full cut, pleated back and sleeves, 7-button front, and ocean pearl buttons. White or fancy patterns. Sizes 14 to 17. Without a doubt, America's finest shirt at the price!
WOOL SWEATERS
$3.50 VALUE
Sears demonstrates real value in these fan'* cy wool sweater Jackets, priced at $2.98! Popular V-neck model with full front zip. Blue, gray or tan with contrasting color front. Sizes 36 to 44.
DRESSY NECKWEAR 65c VALUES 2 for
$1.00
Rayons, silk and rayon and fabrics! Newest Fall colors and patterns — vivid or conservative, to suit your preference. Handmade resilient constru ction. Wool mixed lining.
MENS' SANDY NEVIN SHOES
Get a foothold on fall^maitness with "Sandy Nevin"—the shoe that h^^-Mister America agog. Sandy's the thrifty Scot that's set a brand new standard of value. More style, more wear, more downright quality than you've ever seen at $3.30 before! And of course the time-tested stand-bys. There are French toe bals, custom toes or Algonquin bluchers in soft black calf. Any of them will give your fall wardrobe a lift!
$^.30 ^ pr.
MENS' DRESS SOCKS 35t VALUE 25c pr.
If If weren't Sears' Savings, men, you'd pay a lot more for socks of this quality I Slack, or regular style, they're fine celanese and acetate combined with rayon. Mercerized top, toes and heels. Dou. hie soles; high spilced heels. Wide range of fancy patterns Sizes 10 to 12.
NATION-ALLS SHOP APRONS SHOP CAPS . WORK SHIRTS
Protect Your ■Clothes in the Shops y I aUv
39c 25t 49c
SHIRTS AND SHORTS 35c Each 3 for $1.00
^ Sears exclusive Pilgrim qualify "VeeLine" shirts, shorts! Knit from combed cotton yarns in fine or novelty rib. Well fitting! Shorts have lastex waistband, fly frqnt. ^mall, medium, large, extra large.
Combination Lock 59c
steel shackle. 3 - number combination. Rust - proof metal case. Approved I
Worth Vi morel Flexible steel. Halfinch wide; 6 ft. long Metal case.
Folding Rule 29c
White or yellow Easy reading. Reinforced joints. Bargain!
COMBINATION RAIN OR TOPCOAT . $3.45 DRESS SHIRTS 79t RIP-PROOF SHORTS 25f SPORT SHIRTS 89t
3RD & SOUTH STS. LAFAYETTE, IND.
TELEPHOHE 4030’ W-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# Septeimber 13# 1938
®&B(Continued from page 4) Now, don’t you freshmen girls worry about not having gotten that good old Purdue rush that you have heard about, it will all come in good time and when it does be a typical Pur/lue freshman co-ed and grab that pin. If you don’t believe me about that pin stuff ask some of these sophomore co-eds that don’t have them. That look on their faces is commonly known as the SLUMP. . And then there was the story of the Senior that left school over the week-end and on returning got lost among the new buildings that had been built in his absence. Charm bracelets are the rage, but the best we’ve seen yet is the one Bill Barry presented to Betty Jo. A gold chain it is with ten keys—^yes Iron Key too—Debris, Phi Lambda Upsilon, and so it goes. We guess it is unique in the line.
and Jdev' By Georgann Schilling
And what will Purdue society be like in this year we are about to start? Registration seemed about the same. Lines and crowds and mix-ups and noise! Society without it fuzz and burelbows.
A surprisingly large number of former students failed to return this year. Among the missing are Mary Lou Hinchman, Isabel Young, June Stewart, Mary Mai-garet Helm, Dorothy Boenicke, and Mary Lou Van Bergen from the Kappa House; and Glenora Cullipher, Mary Davis, and Pat Henry of Kappa Alpha Theta.
During the summer the Kappa Sigs constructed a new room onto their house to be used as a library. The room, which is done in pine
wood, is called the Boyd Room, in recognition of the Boyd Prize which the national fraternity awarded to the chapter last year. This prize is given annually to the Kappa Sigma chapter which has the best kept house and the most outstanding active membership. Music for the week-end’s dances promises to be a treat indeed. Orrin Tucker and his band from the famed Edgewater Beach in Chicago will play for the mixer on Friday. 'The freshman mixer given annually by the Union for new students will be held a week from Friday night, a week later than usual this year. —o— Hank Miller, Sam Marks and Dick Pittinger of WBAA staff have returned to the campus from a week at the State Pair where they were on the air an hour a day for Pm‘due and WFBM, an Indianapolis I radio station. The boys conducted regular programs and interviewed everyone from the Governor down to all the various 4-H Club winners. Hank is the director of the popular program, Campus Varieties; and Sam has charge of WBAA’S dra-
matic program. Radio Stage. “Q—Another Purduite, who visited Europe this summer is Lucy Anne Meurer, a sophomore this year in the Home Economics school, Lucy
Anrte sailed in July on the Normandie and visited in the various Scandinavian countries during the summer. —0— Now that the University has offi-
cially opened for upperclassmen, the social lights should begin glowing. We hope to be reporting for you the activities of numerous peo<pie known as HIM and HIER.
Start On Even Terms ^th Any Other Student by getting the Pen that Has Whafih Takes to help you rate marks that you can write home about
There’s a Big: Assortment of PARKER Pens and Pencils at DECKER’S
We Carry a Complete Line PARKER Pens and Pencils H. G. “Deac ” Reisner
All Colors and Sizes of PARKER Pens and Pencils SOUTHWORTH'S
You can SEE the level of ink at all times— see when to refill-—so it won’t run dry in classes or tests Naturally, your Parents want you to start the new term on a par with anyone else in your class. That’s why they’ll want you to back your brains with a Pen like the revolutionary new Parker
° Vacumatic.
Its ^cratch-proof Point of Platinum
and T4-K Gold writes like a breeze because it's tipped with jewel-smooth Osznitidium, twice as costly as ordinary iridium. And the Parker Vacumatic won’t let you down by running dry unexpectedly in classes or quizzes. Held to the light it shows the ENTIRE ink supply—shows when to refill. And it holds such a co-
pious reserve of ink to begin with that you need fill it only 3 or 4 times from one term to the next. Go to any good pen counter today and try this pedigreed Beauty of laminated Pearl and Jet—a wholly exclusive and original Style. And look for the' smart ARROW clip. This identifies the genuine and distinguishes the owner, The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis. Makera of Parker Qatnk, the new pencleaning writing ink. 15c, 25c and up.,
'^m-‘VA.€UMATICm
GUARAHTeEO MECHANfCAUY PERFECr
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitn
APPROVED SETS AS LOW AS $11.00
HAYWOOD
(AdTertisement No. 6)
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5th and Ferry Sts,, next to Monon Station, Lafayette Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND ALL DRAWING SUPPLIES log-Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Form Paper and Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
YOU WILL SAVE 25% HERE
STUDY DESK LAMPS Flexible Neck In 3 Finishes
Sr te’,
CASES
FREE
A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS: Dietzgen "Federal" T047C Post "University" 1035A "if Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 888 Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006 Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C —-
/
Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffel & Esser "Pharos" 686 Post "Prime" 630
Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inferior or unap-
proved articles.
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the APPROVED LIST
BOOKS
1IHCB WIBB
” laVCf.UtNG .
, Come Over and See This Store. Our Low Prices on Everything Will Surprise You. Buy Drawing Instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Only. NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 F. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
ScofCH tIOIDFAST DRAFTING TAPE BftTENTEO I.
I—
BUY HERT ^ - SAVE 25% ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS
IIIIIIIIHIillllllllinilllllltllllillllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIII||||||i||HllllinitllltllllllllllllllliniillllllllllllllHlllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll||||||||||||il|||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||||||||||||||t||||H|||||||||U||||||||||||||||ui||||||H|||||||||||||||U|H• Tuesday. September 13, 193»
J-suduftnA
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
collegiate corner
Housing inspection is not confined to Purdue. Anxious landlords are painting* papering and doing general repairing in an effort to have houses aproved by the Housing Committee of the University of Kansas. Not only are external condition, fire protection, heat, light and ventilation considered. More privileges for the student, a more homelike atmosphere and good livable rooms are prime requirements. Before the start of school 270 rooming houses wore a blue tag of approval.
A nationwide beauty contest will be part of the entertainment of the World’s t'air of the West. It will be a feature of the exhibit planned by the Colored Citizen’s Exposition committee of the Golden Gate International Exposition.
Swiped from the daily Californian— I don’t mind being robbed, burglarized, assaulted, called bad and vile names, insulted, punched in the
nose, or generally mistreated, "but when a Ip^cal bookshop after bleeding me of every last cent I have for books, has the audacity to put this sign in front of my nose, “To know the true value of books, you must first feel the delights of buying them,” I think that is going too far. Don’t you?
Local Ads
models $12.95 up. Central Appliance Shop, 422 Columbia St.
Twin beds. Phone 51551. 221 W^ld- Sheetz St, Phone 2671.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 50c cheaper Ht DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
BOARD AND ROOM—For four. Board for a few outsiders. 224
WANTED — Roommate, reasononable. 711 Meridian St. Phone 61722.
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Notice—Senior E. E. vote for L. F. McNeil for Student Senate.
MODERN furnished rooms suitable for students—^running hot water. Good location. Phone 71201.
General Electric Radios—Student
ROOM FOR RENT — One-half double room for gentleman student.
AUTO INSURANCE Meeting Purdue University Requirements Lowest Rates — Easy Terms Lux Agency - - - - - . W. J. Weiss Room 4 Sharp Bldg. Phone 2566 Lafayette
DIETZGEN Drawing Instruments and K & E Slide Rules
+ + + LARGEST USED COLLEGE TEXT BOOK STOCK THE WEST OKAY BOILERMAKERS! Cut your school costs ... save money , . . at Southworth's. We hove used books for almost every class . . . so it's 10 to 1 you'll find the used book you want here . . . but come early, while stocks are still compete. And remember . . . you save still more by trading your last year's old texts for-new books you need this semester. Take advantage of generous trade-in allowance . bring in the old texts you used last year. (Of course, we hove new books if you prefer them.) At any rate, you're sure of one thing . . . you'll save at
SOUTHWORTH’S COLLEGE BOOK STOREti' JFM' i-:<
if'^
'<5" Jt' Mi:. .
?f. Rf;-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
' -!
Tuesday, September 13, 1988
’*' 1^. 'i-^ ■'*y
#
To subscribe to the Exponent when he registered and be sure of getting the Purdue news every day. There’s humor, dramatics, scandal, society . . . and you don’t want to miss the sports stories and dope on Purdue’s history-making football and basketball teamsl Just $3.00 for the Whole Year ^ Two Semesters Subscribe When You Register ■ I ^ , Or Any Time at THE MEMORIAL UNION BUILDING SOUTHWORTH’S DEAC” REISNER’S
'V'
Every student is held responsible for the notices which are official as published in the Exponent.
This young man was a Purdue Freshman. Upon removing his ciofhing from the suil cases he found need of clofhes cleaning service. .... He was a stranger in town so he inquired of one of the upper classmen at the house where to send his clothes. He took his friend's advice and he has been a Crown customer ever since.
to Quality and Service . \ . . . and Purdue Sticks to Us