COEDS SUFFER Dishpan Hands In Practice House yolHme 55, No. 85
Established 1889
• Batter Benito
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
CAMPUS C0l^ Urge Students To Keep Off Lawns Tuesday, February 9,
fire Defense Instructions |ssueS R. O. T. C. Statement
Tb Begin This Morning , VV. F. Heisler, Oklahoma A. & M., Has Charge Of Local Conference
tiii
lis morning at 9 o’clock the fourth in a series of teacher, ttaiijer and leadership conferences, sponsored by Fire Defense iSection, Office of Civilian Defense, begins at the University. Tiil^'‘purpose is to train 150 experienced fire instructors who
Ivin in, turn train 15,000 in their own states,
The first such conference was held at Penn State, the second ^t,t]^« Uhwersity and the third ' ' -
at Oklahoma A. M. This conference is to be a “clean up” for those states which haven’t had representatives before and those states which need more ^rainets. The enrollment of the school will bring the total trainers up'to 148, just two short of the goal. States sending representatives to thjs school are as follows: Iowa 1, Maine 1, New York 9, Ohio 2, Geor-
Nation-Wide Survey Indicates College Grads Earn More
By Keith Edmondson
According to a survey of opinion on college campuses throughout the
gia 2, Arkansas 1. Pennsylvania 5, nation, the question as to the value Oklahoma 2, Wisconsin 1, Kansas 2, of a college education is in the Illiliois 1. minds of young American now more Subjects to be covered in the eigh- ever before. Industry and busity*hour school are teacher training, seem to be offeringr unusual leadership, fire defense, air raid and opportunities to persons with little civilian defense under the War De- training, and those who have
partment school at the University. The school is in charge of W. F. Hcififer, fireman trainer at Oklahoma A. M. college, who is also a prin'ci^le civilian protection officer of, the Office of Civilian Defense.
Assistant director of the Univer- with college educations not only sity firemen school, E. Cox, is a sen- ^^ave more prominence in their voior of the principle civilian protec- oational fields, but they make more tidn.-of the Office of Civilian De- money. This statement is supported fenke. Assistant Lt. Col. Johnson » sui-vey of positions and salffbilji 'the War Department school of graduates of the school of and R. P. Hamm, State Fire Coordi- forestry of Montana State Univernator from Indianapolis are also ,
a college education apparently have no better status than unschooled
workers.
From a practical standpoint, however, actual statistics lead to a different conclusion. Men and worn-
Activities Bureau ill Resume Last Semester's Survey It has been decided that a cam-
pus-wide survey, begun last semester by the Activities Bureau and discontinued because of lack of interest shown on the part of students, will be started again this
semester.
Urged To Cooperate The students who remember receiving postcards are asked to come to the Activities’ Office between 4 and 5:30 any afternoon and fill out the questionnaire. The students who do not come in will be called by phone within the coming week. The Activities.Bui-eau urges the full coopeiation of the students. The questionnaire should take only about five minutes to fill out, and most of the questions could be answered by only a check. The questions deal with the activities that students are in, the number of hours spent on that activity or activities, and the question of whether activities should be continued on the
Military Department Will Show Army Films
Armory Will Be Theatre For Movies Tomorrow Afternoon At 4
Major R. W. Maier of the Military Department is in charge of a plan to show a variety of non-technical army films to the University military students. The plan, originated by Colonel D. M. Beere, is to show several films comprising a program of about one hour in length every Wednesday at 4 p. m. in
the Armory. The first showing will be tomorrow.
The films are on diverse subjects, some of which are air-
craft identification, the ar- — —
campus.
helping in the school. University Publishes
I
New Auditor's Report Of Student Activities ' Seventeenth annual report of the Auditor of Student Organizations has been published which includes the statements for the year 19411942. The finances of all student organization’s are audited every year. An auditor’s report always reveals many facts which are otherwise overlooked. For instance, student organizations donated over $1300 to charities and purchased more than $10,400 worth of W^ir
Savings bonds.
Balances ranged from $2,186.45 for the 1942 Debris to $1.69 for the University Christian Science Organization. On the deficit side the Exponent was first and Eta Kappa Nu was at the end of the list. For being outstanding in the perfonUance of their duty in legard to management, neatness of records, accuracy, and general business practices, the auditor has mentioned the following people: Rich-
ard Buffington, treasurer, musical Tall tales flew leceiitly in one sesorganizations; Warien Dubsky, .sion of Speech 14 class, taught by ti'easux'er, Cary Club; Ruth Emery, Professor Horn. The class was foltrea^urer, WRH Club; John C. Van- lowing the assignment .strictly— Camp, treasurer, Foresti.y Club; well, maybe not so strictly, but ev-
394 Graduates In Survey Graduates up to and including 1941 totalled 394. Men gi'aduated from 1910-1915 had an average income in 1941 of $5,243, with a $6,000 maximum and $3,860 minimum while men gi'aduated from 19361940 earn an average of $2,038. These figures were compiled from 72 per cent of the total number of
graduates.
Though wages have gone sky high this year, official government figures reveal that the average income of American wage earners for the period June, 1942-June, 1943, is still only about $990, whereas in 1940 the avei-age income for the entire country was $573. This survey was compiled by “Trade and Professional Associations.”
Graduation Pays
Thus it is seen that the college graduates usually earn about four times as much as the non-college
men.
Prof's Tples Out-Told By Indiana Student In Speech 14 Class
H. L. Solberg Will Explain ASME Affairs Advantages of a student membership in the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will be explained by Professor H. L. Solberg at the “Get-Acquainted Meeting” to be held by the Society tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Faculty
Lounge of the Union.
The meeting will be open to all Mechanical Engineering students, and freshmen who are interested. Among the entertainment featui'es of the evening will be a movie just recently released by the WPB. Many models and interesting mechanisms will be on display
throughout the evening.
Besides the door prizes, donated by the Central Indiana Section of ASME, refreshments will be served toward the end of the evening. The purpose of the meeting will be to acquaint the student body with the
local ASME organization.
Wesley Foundation . . . will hold a Valentine party on ' February 12 at 8 p. m. There will be games and dancing for all. All students and sailors are invited.
mored force and enemy weapons. These films are obtained from the library of the First Fighter Command, and are used by our army for educational pui'poses. None of the films will be covered in class. Sound With Films The reels are all accompanied with a sound track and will be of particular interest to those who chance future association with the army. Most of the films were made by the Signal Corps, although some were produced in Hollywood with current, but unidentified, screen favorites. To Show Alcan Highway Films for the first week, Feb. 10, are as follows: “Our Troops Abroad —New Caledania”, 10 min.; “Ameiica at War”, 10 min.; “Highway to Alaska”, 12 min.; and “First Division Landing Operations”, 17 min.; total time, 49 minutes. The subjects for the entire schedule, which will run until March 31, will be announced in the Exponent before each program. Future Subjects Listed The showings may be changed to the E. E. assembly room in the Electrical Engineering building if the attendance warrants. Major Maier announced. The titles of the films will also be announced in the mili-tai-y classes. Such subjects as “Close Combat Fighting”, “Parachute Training in the German Army”, and “U. S. Attacks Aleutians”, which are on the schedule for future weeks offer an insight to the program ahead.
Coed Staft All coed members of the editorial staff arc expected to report for work on coed edition Wednesday at 4 p. m. —BEALL
Croneis Gives Lecture On Development Of Modern War-Fare “Events not of a century, or of thousands of years, but of millions of years ago shape the causes, strategy, and conduct of the war,” stated Professor Carey Croneis Saturday night before sixty listeners. Croneis, University of Chicago’s Professor of Paleontology and Geology, spoke on “The Ancient Background for Modern Warfare.” The lecture was illustrated with slides. Prof. Croneis indicated that in the peace to come more attention would be paid to natural resources than at the end of the last war, and that the countries possessing these resources now should shape the peace. He pointed out that Japan invaded the Dutch East Indies primarily for their oil fields. Germany tried to take the Russion oil fields and failed, but they do control those in Rumania. Discover Oil In England England has been dependent on our counti'y for oil until three and one-half months ago when a large supply was discovered there. These new fields, it is hoped, will make it possible to cut our shipments to England in the near future. Iron proved its importance by being one of the chief factors for Germany’s conquest of Norway thus gaining control of deposits both in Norway and in Sweden. Croneis spoke of the time when all of the continents were one and great swamps covered the earth. Over a period of hundreds of centuries the lowlands became mountains harboring vital war metals. The swamps decayed into rich coal deposits.
Military department
i
To Keep Basic Course According to a letter from General Edward W. Smithy exfeetttive in charge of Reserve and ROTC affairs, U. S. Antiy^Hb more Advanced Course ROTC contracts will be issued, but the basic military units will continue to function as they do at present. All students now in Advanced Courses of militAty — training will remain jn school T L 11^ until the end of the preselit
T69(h6rs Institute semester. _ To clarify the status of sttt-
HuilnC I Any'Pntinil dents now in school, and to I lUiUJ VUIIf UIIIIUII situation as outlW II AAII* "4 General Smith, the following ia’a Here MT UniVerSlIY Ust of the important points as stat*
' ed in his letter to the President of
Pooling resources for the fifth the University: consecutive year, four county or- colleges and universitiw ganizations sent representatives to maintaining advanced courses in the County Teachers’ Institute pro- j^qtC will be utilized in this pr<igi'am held at the University last g^am. The' extent of the utilizatioh Saturday. gf any particular institution will ' Three hundred teachers repre- pend upon the courses offered, the sented Benton, Warren, Carroll, facilities available and the avafiabilTippecanoe, aneb a number of other ity of the number of trainees for the counties. The meetings, lasting one program from time to time, day, were arranged by the Univer- “b. Although no further Advaheed sity division of education and ap- Course contracts (ROTC) will he plied psychology. They are held issued, the basic ROTC will continue yearly to discuss problems and to .yvithout interruption. Army eqUipsupplement smaller similar meet- ment and personnel will be retained ings held throughout this section of institution for this prurpose the state. ^nd for the purpose of carrying oat Principal speakers before the the Army Specialized Training morning session, which started at Program. 9:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, Except Advanced Course stowere Dr. F. B. Knight, director of (jguts and certain categories of ettthe University division of education gingering, medical, dental sfndenth, and applied psychology, and Dr. ^ Enlisted Reservists wifi'be Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana called to active duty shortly after State Board of Health. +]^g completion of the semester endAt noon, a luncheon was held in ing after the first of January, 1943. the north ballroom of the Union, They will be sent to a Rdplacenie^ at which Dr. M. S. Rice, pastor of Training Center and there, with oththe Metropolitan Methodist Church, ers now in service, be screened fiSr Detroit, was principal speaker. the purpose of determining thhfir Entertainment at the luncheon qualifications for the Army Specialwas provided by the University ized Training Program and if seConcert Choir under the direction lected, will be sent to an appropnof Albert P. Stewart. Joe Richards, ate institution for this training, former student of the Univer- “d. Sophomores in essentially mfisity, appeared unexpectedly on the itary colleges will remain on an ihcampus and aided the Choir in sing- active status until the end of the
first full semester or substantially corresponding academic period that begins in 1943 and then will be
called to active duty.
“e. Students who are not in the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be similarly called through their local draft boards and the same procedure
employed.
“f. The military instruction of ASTP students will be upon tfie basis of Branch Immaterial, although some Branch Material train-
ing “Old Man River.”
Former Student Receives Silver
Star Award
Details of the presentation of the Silver Star award to 1st Lieutenant
Cecil C. (Bud) Metz, former stu- . ,, . , , , ,, tt • -i. lug will necessarily result since the dent at the University, have reached ” , j , .
We Fly Through The Air’. . .
his parents from Lt.
George C. Kenny. The Lt. General’s
letter read in part:
“Recently at an operational base of the United States Army Air Force in Australia I decorated your son with the Silver Star. This
General equipment and personnel at
the particular institution will be
utilized.
Robert V. Y o u k e y, treasurer, ROMM, and Scabbard and Blade. " - ’ Notice 'All 5th and 6th term ME and Ak Engineering Juniors are requested to bring up to date in duplicate their personal records now on file in the Personnel Office, Executive Building. This may be done at the Personnel Office between 1 and 4:30 p. in. from tomorrow to Saturday, Feb. 20. In view of the war situation and the uncertainties which may exist after the war, it is important that every Junior ME and AcE bring his record up to
date.
N. A. Bolz Personnel Representative School of Mechanical and and Aer. Engr. Debris fictures Sepiors and second semester juniors can still sign for an appointment to have their Debris 'pictip;es taken in front of the Debris office on the second floor of the Union building between 4 and 5:30 p. m. today and tomorrow. —RENTSCH
eiyone was awake. Professor Horn was telling the class how squirrels were killed in Tennessee. “Tennesseeans don’t like to get blood on the meat,” Horn said, “so, instead of shooting at the squirrel, they shoot at the baik directly beneath the squiriel. This causes the bark to swell up suddenly, and the squirrel is killed by coneussion.” “That’s nothing,” replied a student, “down in southern Indiana they shoot right in front of the squiriel. When the squirrel sees the bullet whiz by his head, he turns his head so fast to see what went by that it breaks his nock All we have to do then is to rush up to the tree and catch the animal in a butterfly net as he falls off!” Prof. P. S. Emrick . . . Director of Military Bands, announced the following promotions: 1st Lieut. F. Bass was promoted to the laiik of Brevet Captain and Executive Officer; 2nd Lieut. J. R Wood became Brevet 1st Lieut, and Personnel Officer. Technical Officei C. B. States was promoted to Brevet 2nd Lieut, and Band Libraiian, and W. R. Pavelehek is now Corporal of the Chair and Rack Detail.
Students Rebuild Experimental Airplane At University Airport
“g. The name “ROTC” will be retained in the ASTP as well as in the
basic ROTC.
“h. After the wav, ROTC will be continued as heretofore to insure the continued flow of junior officers
award was made in recognition of
his courageous and fearless service . , „ ^ . ,, ... ...ri into the Officers Reserve Corps,
to his combat organization, his fellow American airmen, his country,
his home and to you.”
Lt. Metz was navigator of a B-17
type aircraft on
mission over enemy-occupied terri-
i. It is contemplated to continiie, during this emergency, a steady flow of junior officers to be commissioned in the Officers’ Reserve Corps, bttt no policy has been adopted and will not until the results of the ASTE
Bj Willaa Vermilion One of the moie interesting experiments on the campus sits m the Flight Research Hangar of the Aeronautical School at the University Aii'port under the name “Purdue Experimental.” It is a small orange cub type airplane which was purchased by the University last year for the woik of three graduate^ students. j / The plane has practically been rebuilt since the time it made its first appearance heie, having had its original 75 horse power engine replaced by a 120 horse unit which, while only incieasing the speed by fifteen miles per hour, increases the climbing power tremendously. Other improvements include a specially built variable pitch propeller designed by K. D. Wood, professor in cHKrge of Aeronautical Engineering, cables to all parts of the motor to take various measurements and thermocouples at important points to measure heat. Several Forced Landings Last winter the plane was the object of many tow flight tests to determine the amount of drag with and without the propeller. These flights were reported very satisfac-
toiy except that the towing mechanism has a slight defect which caused test pilot Woodward much inconvenience when he was foiced on several occasions to find a soft com field in which to land. The “Purdue Experimental” was purchased by the University for the thesis woik of graduate students Clinton E. Brown, Seth Andeison and Walter E. Woodward. Brown was to measure the drag by towing, Anderson to measure the thrust by the use of pitot tubes and Woodwaid to measure the propeller efficiencies in flight. Recorder Devised The three started out with a Friez Analyzer which makes record of the airspeed, altitude, angle of attack, and revolutions per minute; but finding that that wasn’t enough to give them the required results they set out to make their own lecorder. Finding little room in the cabin of the plane the thiee students decided to put their instruments in the real of the fuselage. To make them easily accessible on the giound, and to keep the hole of entry from interferring with the
flight seemed to be quite a problem. This was rather easily solved by the corsetieie at Loeb’s Department Stoie who supplied them with a zipper long enough to facilitate entiance to the mstiiiment compartment thiough the canvas on the side of the plane. The instrument which they devised was named the “dummy observer” and was made up of a complete set of dials and guages dupli. eating those on the instrument board. Several feet from this a camera was set up and attached to a button on the board. When the button was pressed, two large photo flood lamps lit the duplicate board and the camera took the readings. This was also synchronized with the Friez Analyzer which gave the thiee experimenters a complete record of the action of the plane at any particular time. Fiom this they were able to make their calculations and thereby complete their thesis work. At the present time the ship is being put through various speed and cliipb tests to accumulate data for the undergraduate Aero students to work with.
tory Twenty Japanese Zero fight- observed. The method qf ers harassed it during the bombing ,, , ,. ... , , ^ 1 the selection will depend upon toe
run. Metz remained at his post and
results of this program.
aided in diiving off every enemy attack. Direct hits were scored on enemy installations and material. Lt. Metz left the University in his junior year to enlist in the Army Air Corps. After training in Oklahoma and Alabama he went to Miami where he graduated from the Pan-American Airways navigation training section at the University of Miami. Fiom there he was sent to Hickam Field, Hawaii, where he was stationed at the time of the Pearl Harbor attack. His last letter received by his parents was written on Christmas day from somewhere in New Guinea. Saturday Mixer Features Valentine's Day Theme Saturday night brings forth the Valentine’s day dance with Maury Mahn and his orchestra. This mixer will feature the Valentine’s day theme and will be held in both ballrooms from 8:30 to 11:30. Tickets will be on sale at the north ballroom
door for $1.10.
“j. All students selected for tijg first-year Advanced Course whirh will begin in a semester whiSh starts prior to March 1, 1943^ wifi receive similar treatment as yow present first-year Advanced Comrsq students. All Advanced Course stu^ dents will be permitted to fepiqin until the end of the semester begltining after the first of January, 1943, and your second-year Advanced Course students will be penriitted to complete the college year provided it ends prior to Jiine 30,1943.” Mudball hey there clarence do you have to buy a pair of shoes today if you do i think the government is going just a little bit too far i have been going barefoot ever since i came to purdue and i dont even know any one i could give a
pair of shoes to —MUDBALL%Tf
p&ge 2
Purdue Exponent
iT*Tf7j ^ <(L-
TT"^5WT7^
Tuesday, February 9, '194B
»r 7
PUYdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business Manager News Editor Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
William G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Bobert W Boswinkic Dale E Rutz James G Petty Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Lditoriai Staff Associate Editors \ T Vegh J 1 R chi r<l < i T L Tilton W H Tison W L Veimili i M L Smith C C Martin dell E Murphy Coed Staff Phjllis Minn Mar 1 a I cc Riggs Caroljn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff C Sow art! J Ackerman D Shr>er R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager J Filpi Advertising Managers J blexon G Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroepl n Accounts Manager Mary T Its
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Smith Sports Editor Smith Day Eclitor Ahrens Issue Editor Stephenson Workers Watson Hopk ns Mooie Speck Yargcr Williams Dominik Johnson Edm nson Steinberg Goodenough Hahn Forsythe Richnrdscn L\nch Mitchell Winslow Gregory Drohe Abbett Hammel
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section ll08 act of October 8 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesda> Thur day Friday and Sunday mornings during the yeai Delivered locally by carrier for $1 76 for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a semester or $3 50 for two semcsteis Represented for nations advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc College P iblishers Representatives 420 Madxsbn Ave New York N Y
Keep Off.. .
First- Lt. J. R. Bfsckwell
1941 foiestiy graduate of the Univei&ity hasi been acting as the basketball coach of the Marine Corps ^chool Quantico Va The Quantico Marines have lost oidj one out of ff uitcen games Lt Blackwell was a meinbei of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, Alpha Zeta Scabbard and Blade, Xi Sigma Pi, the Poiestiy Club and the Agiicultiuist
Second Lieutenant W. C, Hearst
lepoited to Will Rogeia Field Febiuaiy 1 foi dutj as a pilot r\ith an observation squadion He le ceived two yeais ROTC tiainmg at the Univeisity and was commissioned at Brooks Field Tex Decembei 13 aftei giaduation fioin a seivice school theie
Nicholas Muiiaj Butlei president of Columbia Uni versitj has estimated the last wai cost 30 000 000 lives and $400,000 000 000
Robeit C 0 Neall 19 jeai old iieshman at Rens selacr Polj-tcchnic Institute yon hist piize of $100— $16 60 a minute—in the annual public speaking eon test foi ficshmen at RPI
Wisconsin scnatoi s and assembly men may take ovci Univeisiti of Wisconsin fiatcin)t> houses to combat the wai housing shoitage
Be mid Hubbaid S^nta Claia Unneisity s Glaciei Piicsu thinks It would b( a mistake to foice the Japa nese out ol Ki'-l a light now since Kiska is “a lat tiap
Eiglit state colltgcb loi women in the south lepoit a dceieasc in emollmcnl ol Ij pti cent
Gni ei it-^ ol Minnesota 1 as a libiaij ol 1 100 laie ■volumes on n a^ic
Pi i-hman Doiotio Quiglev is luliiig fin inci hei waj flu )U,^h flu Ui \ci il\ fl Rod lii by wielding a me I cutlei IS i buteln i s iid
Alexandei Loudon ISelliei lands minislei to the United States iccently leceivid the lioioiaiy dcgiee of dcctoi ol laws Horn Ren selaei ,PoIyteehnit Insti tute
Ntaily thicc lomths of the 165 mt t students in the school of bufeincbs admmistiation at the Univeisity rexas aic enlisted in one oi anothei of the mihtiiv resenos
^ WlSUmTOH Merry-GO-RouHD
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ly DREW PEARSON
FDR Tells Of African Unrest; Fight For Control Of Merchant Marine Is Nearing Climax
During the last few weeks, it has become necessary foi the Plant Protection Office of the University to post campus policemen at strategic points around the campus in order to prevent students from walking on the grass This problem has become sei lous, especially aiound the oval and other places where a la'vyn or moat lies m a straight line between two Ol more points Although students aie inclined to feel that a path across the glass is harmless if the ground is covered with snow, evidence bears out the fact that an ice covered path has disastious effects on the glass underneath In former years, the University has assessed fines to students who insist upon walking on the grass and the President’s office has issued many cautionary notices about this violation of University tiadition Theie is no fine at the present time, but it seems that students would take enough pride in then campus to keep off the grass Ceitainly there are ample walks and paths aiound the campus at the present time to meet our needs The distance may be longei over the regular routes, but we will be upholding one of the University’s oldest tiaditions by helpng protect oui campus —d e b
WASHINGTON—Imnigdialtly aitoi his ictuin fiom Noith Afiica, the Prebident summoned Con giesbional leuleis to the White House foi whit they all latci deseiibcd as a “highly confidential ’ meeting Faet IS how^evei that most of the things FDR told Congi e'sional leadeis that day off the lecoid he told his pi ess confeieiice next day—foi publication Theie weic details about the way the Fiiestone Rubbei Company is double tapping lubbei on its Libel la plantation the way Roosevelt celebiated his biithday with cake and candles in the plane 8 000 feet ovei Haiti and the stoiy about the Piesidents being so coinfoi table in Casablanca that he didn t want to move in spite of advice that the conference should shift locale Horn day to day foi safety s sake But theie weie at least a few things the Piesident included in his talk with Congiessmen which were not revealed to the press One was the touchy pioblem of civilian unrest and possible levolt among the native population mostly Aiabs The Piesifient pointed out the dangei of such an outbieak to our militaiy oper ations It would be like having hostile action on the lear flank, he said The other mattei which the President discussed with Congressional leaders was the Tolan Kilgore Pepper bill creating a centralized civilian reorganiza tion for the War Production Board and the production powers of the Army and Nav> The President backed up the Army and Navy, said he was emphaticall> opposed to the bill, and asked foi Congressional support in defeating it If the bill passed of com sc it would be tantamount to Congi ess stepping in and telling the Executive that the production end of the wax was not being lun effi cientlj The Aimy and Navy especially the foimei hgve been bringing all soits of piessme to block pass age of the bill which would place their production en tiiely under civilian contiol Note The President’s repoit on Aiab unrest checks with that of OWI s Milton Eisenhower brother of the General, recently returned from North Africa • Capital Chaff According to Hollywood Repoitei Sam Goldwyn is suffering from baby shoitage He needs a dozen or two infants for scenes iir the Russian pictuie ‘The Noith Star ’ but mothers in middle class maternity hospitals are not cooperating as they used to Pros peiity IS so geneial that these motheis no longei jump at the $75 rental fee foi new boms Iheie s likewise a camel shoitage due to demand foi North African pictures OP4. neglected to put r ceiling on camels and then lental has iiscn from $15 to $25 i daj Both ''taiinch New Doaleis Senator Lister Hill of Alabama has been panning Senatoi Claude Pepper behind his back Republicans aie saying that the fact that FDR rt the Casablanc r conference settled vital mitteis of inilitiij naval diplomatic sti rtegy without Three Old Men of his eibinet shows how tot illy unimiioitant the c ibinet is The Sccictaiies of State Wai rnd N ivy—-Hull Stimson and Knox—appiiently hid nothing to saj about it ® Merchant Shipping Wrangle
atsdisAdu to thfe £dihfL
Personnel Notes,
Editor s Note This Icttei was re ceived by Di E L Butz ot the Uni versity fiom his bi other, Captain V R But/, now stationed at Ft Bragg, N C Capt Butz graduated from the University in 1916 and be fpre being tailed to act«ve duty ryas emplojcd as the Illinois Field Edi tor of Praine Farmer
Companies Scheaulcd to Visit Campus Caleo ChemitaJ Division, American Syanamid Co, Brouiid Biook, N J—rcbuiaiy 15 Intciested in Apiil and August ChE, Science (eheinists) Consolidatetl Airciaft Corp , San Diego, Cilifoinia—February 18 and 19 Interested in April August graduate students in CE ME, AE, EE
“Hon spy lequest gracious permission to entei bound of Japanese communiques in wilting contest in U S - it has fine chance to win fiction prize ”
volume -leport
All d ry 8 OOA M 3 00 PM 6 00 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 SOP M 8 00 P M
Tuesday, February Canneis Freldmen s Confeience Firemen Teachers Training PI 4. Tea Dance Canneis’ Banq let Under giaduatc Dames Meeting rij ing Club Dairy Club Meetin„ Alphr Phi Omega Chiistnn Science Giaduate Dames Paity
Rooms 355 363 Uiiior So Ballioom Union L Faculty Lge Union Room 26 r Union Room 212 Union Room 108 Smith Hall Room 307 Union Room 302 Union Rooms 3C5 363 Union
gal and deseives lots of d ites (paid ad\ t ) Something smells phoney th'^ic but we can t detect what it is
A he ivyweight sciap is about to break into the open between the Navy ind Mriitime Goinniission on the issue oi the Navy s dcsiie to tal e ever eontiol of the entile Ameiican Merchant Muine Very quietly the N rvy has supplied ccitain mem beis oi the House Naaal Affairs Committee with iir formation about the “subversive and undiseiplined ’ conduct of Ameiieaii sermeii on niei chant ships, and at least one Congiessman has dcelaied privately that the inioiIllation will shock the entire country when it IS disclosed The Maritime Commission however is skeptical, suspects the Navj of feeding biased information to Congress in order to take over merchant shipping The Navy made a similai campaign last year but wa, overruled by the President, who opposed any change in the civilian status of the Merchant Marine Latest bitch of stones makes sensational leading Take the ease of the Thomas Jefferson According to the Navy this ^hip was operating in the dangeious waters of the Aleutian Islands when a U S destioyei came alongside in the e<.ily moining and asked tor oil But leeoiding to the Navy version the master replied We can t give >ou oil until aitci eight o clock the men aie at bieakfast Maiitinic Commission invcstig rted the chnge found that the incident oceuiied not in the Aleuti ins but in the s rfe w itoi ncai Seattle \V ash Also the mastei of the Thomas Jeffeison had Voliinteorod to piovide llie destioyei with oil it any tiniG but it was mriturlly agreed to move out of mid channel first so the two ships would not block the tiaffic As soon as this \ as done the oil was passed to the destiojei 0 Sailors In Irons Fiom Muimaiibk Russia came the distiubing le poit thrt foul Ameiiean seamen weio being held on ehaiges of diunleiine s lewd conduct and stealing liom lifeboats The chaiges wcie bi ought bj Com minder Samuel B Fi nil el U b Nivrl AUatlre in Muimansl On these chaiges the men were sent in a coi vette to Glasgow held in ii ons until ai i angc meiits could be mule loi thin transpoitation back to the United States But whin the Coast Guard as the lav provides pioeeeded to take action igainst the men it was im possible to find sufficient o-vidence to convict Mean time foul seamen had lost six months of usetulnes Theie was i siniilai case of fifteen men hipped back from Sjdnej Austialii to San Fianeiseo for alleged nrisbchctv oi But examination ol the evidence iound it insubst intial lire Maritime Commission suspects the aulhois oi these lepoits (Office of Naval Intelligenei) ol ,_)ving vent to class and laeial antagonisms J hey li ive one cable„i m fiom Capetovn South Afiiea di tubing nieiehant eiew tioubles . ind laying the hi imc on eeitaii mined t mien ch sei ibed is di ilt dodj ti and 1 idieal sealawyei mellow shilty ej ed i idieal One iinportdiil souite of friction is the fact that Navy persoiuiel ind nierehant seamen are thiown to gether on the same sliip suite the ship s gun*- are manned by a Navy tievv ranging from 28 to 43 pei sons These men au paid only about one touith as much as the seamen yet undergo the same hazards Contraversy ovei the entiie merchant shipping problem has been sunmcring ever since the arming of merchant vessels, and is bound lo Ixiil over in Congress soon
PL E TOLR BETS Gentlemen on how long the mci gei Inst Fiidiy night between Kip pa Betty ''A'edge and SAE Glenn Stoelmiiei will list Wcdgie has been spcndin hei time bpLween Stoel niciLi an 1 Bib Ciiioll Delt foi the )r 1st tv o or thice yens in eluding quite i few he rv / d lies \ ith DU W iinei Moore list emestci It seems miposbible th it the flighty Av edf It has it 1 ist settled down Lo one min even if the An (oips did till Bib
DON T lEI L ANA ONE But lombov C isey Hoskinson h is fallen ig ui We promised both the Kapp IS ind the Sigra i Nus not to let this out so 1 eep it undei you hat The lutky boy is Johnny Wil cox aceoidmg to oui best soruees of uifoimition who hr been i ush ing Casev quite i bit of 1 rto
GI TTING LACK To Mcdgii wc just happened ■‘o icinembei tliiL we s iw hei in the BI "Ol tor bntiud ly with Phi Gnil Dicl I ntf"t appaiently hrving the Le t time ‘■h could wi h her new pii m umittmi twot hies iw ly A f n il lie 1 Oj inteie t which mry „i\t you i Imgh is i little iscipule of DU Bill Cl OS': ho viitdoyviifo All mil I isi vyeil ei d rheyiel v in^ lu hweel out ll it md Bill)t ( nt ( t till sc liltl idem hi ition l igs fl ly 111 id oui to ll e iiishnien and wandiied into tin Sienii Nu house rioni ill lepoits iL s( enis tint hi w n leinoiid md iskcd lo pled e iliiee til res b( foie he could in il c it out the fiont liooi
PREDICTION We don t y ant y mi to get ri mixec r p with Joe D lyy son eolyumot he opposite page h e ui e y t i ru ly lo this Iloweyci weh vc been luthoi ititively infoi lied th it i-s ooon is his llama} ed p n get out of the jcwoliy h('-pital Pi i Delt Pinky Ney ell \ill be pin it ( i Dotty liacy. It ounds good Imt \e still lemtiib 1 Pi kv louiein„ some Ol e lull iby 1 i y oi hi kni t in the lorby ol tnc Ldgew itn Be lel Hotel up 111 Chiea o list semestei o\ei tile iNoilhwcstein g mie weel end We ilwrys wondoiid whose baby th it yv is
biMP SNIP Don t lool i shocked il you hou ^ce i lev slightly bald Phi D Ito V dung uound the campus It eini the biotheis had i little lough and tumble lasslmg match last Thuisday and someone whose mother was scired by the guillotine bioLight out the shears to liven up the pai ty A final count ^ rowed th it c i„l toe n of the boy s got elippnd
SHAVe HITLEf?
Duiiiig the past three or four weeks and especially the last week, we have been yvondering just what old Sol can bo doing, for he certainly hasn t been wastirg his time in these parts Very little sunshine instead, foggy wet weather, yet tiue to the Carolina climate theie has been very little cojd weather Now when I speak of “cold weather’ I refer to times yvhen the outside tempera tuie fells below freezing I have been riding to the Foit with one offi cei from Florida and anothei from Virginia and a quarter inch Cl ust on the gi ound hr mgs them out of the house in the morning huffing and puffing bulging with winter un deiyveai -'nd about all the clothing they can squeeze into iheii short oy ei coats Prepare Tiainees For Depaituie But as I look oyer the last tyyo months there have been many chains pulled in the 1 rtiine (only theie lie no chains there) and much water hao gone over the dam For a solid yyock oefoie Chiistmrs hen yvas the hustle and bustle of pi ep ri ing a cycle ot tiainees ioi then de piituii You i rn mal e a crieful physical check of clothing duly for a yyeel to mal e sure each man hrs the leqiuicd itenm of ilothiiio hut on the final dry you y til find ome cutter lu shoit rnd th it he his been bon owing i hut oi ur o/ci CO rt fiom binie buddy doyyn the line lo coy cr his shoi t me A lu c in nr il e suipiisi ehecl but they cur still do it Cokes But No Btti The dry hetoii (liistmis there w IS lo he 1 spinal intei tai uricnl picture shoy ithletii inns and r tieas lie hunt in tin ilteinoon Tin tie isu e tun ed out to be i h rlf do/ en p lel s oi c! uettes Ihiee lion candy bais uid ill the coke the men could churl We iid them col i tint day bie uise they h id h id i y hi/ bang beer p u ty the light let ii uiil eel t unly Iheii desue ioi i qu ift if „old(n blew louldn t be gieil And now yyitli i sigh ol lelief ill tlutleul u|) to this I u 1 I 0 lom ei i Bitleiy Conun i nlei On the stiength Or i Ke^innntil oidei I (leaied out my disk in the bitliiv ind moyel to RtgimtiLil Iliad quaitiis uul nil n yy S oi the 5Lh I A Iie,,t While ill Ll pii]Kitv his lilt him ihnlid is yet I ini uitieipating little difficulty fiom shortages of any kind since I un ovei ncaily i h inch id sheets in this iten done An 1 sheets ue no lem (1 an item of is ue bo t ii tin only hoitige his been i 15 inch lulci uul i dustp in Not so bid tonsid enng the re ponsibility oi ne i ly two million doll us y\o th ot pi op ei y Ihe I ast Str uv Seems th it daily then ue ni i
These companies do not pjan lo visit the campus, however, they are interested in students for employ ment Ken Rad Tube & Lamp Corporation, Owensboro, Kentucky—Interested in men or women who have tiaining in physics or electrical engineering Sign 111 Personnel Office by Wednesday, February 10 Murphy Chair Company, Owens boio Kentucky—Interested in stu dents who have experience or education 111 time studies and setting rates Continental Can Co, Inc, Chi cago. 111—Interested in analytical chemists and chemical engineers Sign in Personnel Office by Tucs day, February 16 Allen B DuMont Laboratories, Inc, Passaic, New Jersey—Interested in EE, Physicists, ME, ChE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wed nesihy Febiuaiy 17
f $ dents highly worthy of note but new happenings the lollowing day rlways covei those that happened the day before I did yyant to men tion the litter from one man who w IS sent off on a fourteen day siek furlough At the end of the four teen days he filled to ictuin How evei he did yviie me Sii I am soi 1V th rt I am AWOI but yvill be back lb '-oon lb I haye moved my fiiini true/ Ju t about the tunc he was to be chopped as i dcoeitci theie eune i lettci thiough channels yyitli 1 Hock 01 mdoiscnrents at ladled He had written the Piesi dent yyhile he yyo.b ibseiit without Icive i&l ing thrt he be trails felled to 1 post closci hone I ic nembei h end cl his letter yvith Drop me i line if you think it is yyoith yynile Thrt yya^ the list stiayy me! ixen th it w is broken
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SAVE AMERICA bun
WAR.5TAMPi
SOMl ONF Should tell flu llitaChisaid he Sig Epb n )t t) hold lien house d 1 Lc° 0 the b in e I iglit i ei ow lb the BI r r too inueh lallug ibout tho Ll i/ei amin) fl ose there \ s lief a ( 11 I\I e I el ni in hayum a I IS d lie witli M ly J ini ‘■nidei of the Pi ) 1 1 1 ( d 1 i\ mg ,_( ten 1 I 1 in bail V c I i^i I lel ei v 1 0 jin n III \ 1 t evil Ol e I 1 I r \ tits I s 111 b el ii ene il it on I luse 1 c i i \e y n e
NAIIS
TODAY Md TOMORKOW
A FIGHTING YANK WITH THE WHOLE JAP ARMY ON HIS TRAIL . AND A BEWITCHING BEAUTY IN HIS HEART'
ARC
TODAY and TOMORROW
CHAPTER 7 THE PATH OF PERIL!
-plusPOP£YC CARTOON
TODAY and TOMORROW
m
M-G»i MES
k-
THEHB AWT
MLET
EBW. ABNOLD FAY BAINTER
Nights and Sunday Week-Day Matinees Children
uiniyfim
MI
■I
miH4--.- ■ ^ - '• . ij'i''''''""?-" '^^€^, F^ruar^^i^.^:. ''' ''''"v' ' , Boilerfuaker SpQtts
Pme 9
•my:
Rtdirjil^rs, Gimitts Td Sf^onsdr Freshman Tourney
Northwestern's Wildcats Defeat Riveter Fjve In Chicago Stadium By 67-40 Store
’ t)ue to the fact that Otto Graham is equally at home on the ' hardwood as he is on the gridiron and that the Riveters fell heij; jip a bad case of “butterfingers”, the latter went down last Saturday -night in the Chicago Stadium to their worst defeat in several years at the hands of the Northwestern Wildcats to the tune of 67 to 40. The parade of baskets started slowly and several minutes passed before A1 Menke broke — !— the ice with a two-pointer Riveters was very noticeable. Vofrom under the basket. After dick upped his total via the'one-hand the game was ten minutes old, around the foul circle, due to sloppy playing on the part of both teanis and fre- both putting up a' continuous quent whistle blowing, the score “scrap” to the crowd’s delight, in an was but 7-6 with the Purple and effort to stem the tide. White out in front. However, at this Prom this point on, the two squads point Graham, Nick Vodick and Bud more or less traded punches with Hasse combined their talents to the Wildcats putting across an exgive Northwestern a commanding tra one now and then. It was dur24, to 14 lead gt halftime. ing this period when the most specBro^fer PJays Well tacular shot of the evening occurred ' During the deluge of point male- when Eddie Ehlers drove the length ing, the Boilermaker total was aug- of the floor to chalk up two points, mented principally through the ef- Defense Disappears forts.of Tom Brower, who was play- During the last three minutes, all ing all over the floor in an effort semblances of defense vanished and to stop the onrush, and Max Biggs, Northwestern scored almost at will who entei’eicl. the contest just before as Graham and Bobby Jake both halftime and hit a beautiful long fattened their,point totals considersljot in his only attempt at the bas- ably. While -all this was transpirket during that period. ing, the Riveters, when they did get This brought to a close, 20 min- the ball, couldn’t seem to do any-\ utes of threadbare basketball which thing right as they missed on sevwps highlighted by numerous ill- oral three-on-two and three-on-one aimed passes and fumbles on the combinations. part of both squads and by the fact As if turning the sword in the that the Boilermakers failed to cap- wound, the Wildcats counted three
Thu
By Joe Dawsqn
Big Ten Rhinie Squads
f
Gre^t Laki$ (fiiiriiet Ready For Tournament
In Week-End Gdtite
italize on a single fiee throw dining
this stanza.
“Piggy” sent his charges back for
times in the last thirty seconds on intercepted passes and fumbles. They were only stopped by the final
the second canto with new spirit and gun.
The box .score:
Purclue (40)
EG FT PF TP
for several minutes it seemed as though the Riveters were up to their
old tricks as a second-half ball club. Friend, f as they poured in eight straight Biggs, f markei'S while holding the Wildcats Brower, f scoreless. The score rocketed to 24- Morris, f 2^ as Max Biggs stole the ball and Biddle, f hit the meshes for the third time m Kennedy, f-c
as many attempts. Lawson Scores
At this juncture, Messrs. Giaham and Vodick’again took the game into their own hands as the Purple
racked up lb points while Rudy Noithwestern (07) FG FT PF TP
Lawson’s free throw—the first of that nature for the Boilermaker cause—was the only addition to the
Menke, e Lawson, Ehleis, g
Totals
Giaham, f
Jake, f
Schumachei, c
4
12
7 0 0 0 6
^ Freshman Tourney Saturday This Saturday afternoon and evening, thp fjnest freshman ball players from the states of Illinois and Indiana will mefet in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse to once again try to settle the agp-old question as to which state holds the superior position in the basketball world. For a long timetthere was little doubt that any Hoosier high school or college team could hold their own against any outfit in the-country, especially afiy squad from the Sucker state. . . . However, the tremendous power shown by the Northwestern and Illinois University teams in the past few years has caused many people to realize that the Hoosier state is not the only basketball hotbed in the country. ^ All-Hoosier Final Saturday afternoon the Boilermakers will take on the Illinois freshmen, led by “Shotgun” Dyke Eddleman, in the first game, and Indiana will meet Northwestern in the other afternoon clash. The two losers will lock horns in the preliminai-y game that evening; both afternoon winners will then battle it out in the main attraction at about 8:30. We feel rather confident that that final game will be an all-Indiana affair. ► Tickets Only $.50 This tournament, something entirely new i)i the Big ten, will be sponsored by the Reamer and Gimlet Clubs. . . . The profits, if any, will be turned over to the Athletic Depaifment. Tickets may be purchased at the Fieldhouse, the Cashier’s Office or the West Desk of the Union. In addition any Gimlet or Reamer pledge will be selling them. The price for all four games will be only 50c to students and $1.00 to townspeople. . . . Students must show their passports at the door. ► Poor Coverage Of Game Saturday We have a little apologizing to do concerning the poor coverage of the Northwestern game Satuixlay. The whole difficulty came in the wiring of the game report back here to the Exponent. By the time the game was over every wire from Chicago to Lafayette was either closed or was in use. . . . Consequently, no telegram—not mutfh story.
Sports Shorts IM Schedules
19 2 17 40
Gold and Black total. The comph- Vodick, c
egted new scoreboard in the Chicago Stadium then read 39-23. During the holacust, Graham w a.s exceedingly effective under the basket, at which spot an ab.sence of
Dixon, c Ilasse, g Wendlund, Total'-
28 11 9 G7
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuablc condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
When Hadiatars Steam, AHBDW SHIRTS
When They Hunt, Gullion’s FiSfGEHTIP COATS and SWEATERS
Forrest Sprowl, 23 year old forward on the Great Lakes Naval Tiaining Station basketball squad, established a season scoring record of 484 points while playing at Oblong, 111., high school. Sprowl’s shaipshooting enabled Oblong to win the 1938 Eastern Illinois Prep Conference championship. He later starred at the University, helping the Boilermakers capture the Big Ten Conference title in 1940. Sprowl, who is 6 feet tall and weighs 175 pounds, serves as an assistant company commander on the station. Loss of Captain Lee Farmer to the draft cuts the scoring heart out of Iowa’s track team. . . . Farmer made 80% points in seven meets last year, lie won the Big Ten indoor dash and broad jump, scoring 10 of Iowa’s 18 points and made 9% of the team’s 17 points in the conference outdoor meet. Fanner also took the 100-yard dash at the Drake relays. Fourteen sports events arc on tlic Iowa Febiuary schedule . . . ij,’b the smallest card for February in yeais . . . six: events are at home—Knox and Ohio State basketball games, Wisconsin and Michigan swimming meets, triangulai track meet wnth Wisconsin and the Navy Seahawk.s, and Wi.sconsin wrestling meet.
BASKETBALL Tuesday, February 9 Court 1—Whitlock 7:00 Wesley Boys vs. Chauncey. 7:15 Circle Pines vs. Kneale. 8:10 Dover vs. Luipa. Court 2—Emerson-Johnson 7:00 Marwood vs. Rochdale. 7:15 Owen vs. Salisbury. 8:10 PM Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta—Pinal.
BASKETBALL Wednesday, Feb. 10 Court 3—S. Rudasics Short Course 1 vs.
Course 3.
Short Course 2 vs.
Course 4.
Court 4—Pilarski-J. Rudasics 7:00 Ward finals.
7:00
7:15
Short*’’
Short
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
, RIFLE Regular Matches Tuesday, Feb. 9 3:00 — Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho. 5:00—Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tan Omega. 7:00 — Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi. 8:00—Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho. RIFLE Wednesday, Feb. 10 3:00—Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta. 5:00 —Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi. 7:00 — Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:00—Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha ^P^don.
If You Want That Extra Service Call a YELLOW CAB Dial—3071
After- a rather rough tour of the Big Ten circuit, Coach Ward Lambert’s hardwopd quintet will fall back to the non-conference schedule when they engage the tough Great Lakes quintet next Saturday evening in Chicago Stadium. This Stadium was the scene of the Riveters’ Waterloo against Northwestern last Saturday night. A double Nil is featured at the Stadium, with DePaul and the Kentucky Western State Teachers mixing it up in the second tilt. 23 Won, 3 Lost In an encounter earlier this season, the Great Lakes aggregation invaded the Fieldhouse and rang up a 48-43 victory over the Boilermakers. Since then the Sailors have gone to the far corners of the Mid-dle-West taking victory after victory in stride. Their season record shows 21 victories and 3 losses. This record will be obsolete by the time the Riveters invade the Bluejacket domain, because the busy Sailors meet four opponents before the game next Saturday evening. Coach Lambert’s lads will be in top physical condition for their battle with the Navy boys. The Riveters will try to pull out of the present slump that has netted them orip victory in the last four attempts. Practice sessions this week will consist of drills designed to iron out the mistakes that were numerous in the Wildcat encounter last week-
end.
A good share of Purdue’s hopes of regaining the victory road after successive losses to Indiana and Northwestern revolves around the physical condition of Max Biggs, new sophomore forward. Biggs, convalescing from a severe cold, played less than half the game against Northwestern, but managed to lead the locals’ scN'ing with six field goals. Providing Biggs can return to full-time action, he will probably, team at forward with either Paul Friend or Ralph Brower, another sophomore who apparently found ihimself against the Wildcats and turned in a brilliant ball-hawking performance. The remainder of the Boilermaker lineup is expected to remain unchanged, with Capt. Allen Menke at center, and Ed Ehlers and Floyd “Rudy” Lawson at guards. Following the flurry of road action over the week-end, the Boilermakers will return to the home court for the first time in nearly four weeks when they face Iowa hero on F'ebruary 20 in the first of three successive home Big Ten encounters that will wind up the 194243 season. Tracknien Entered In Five leam Meet Having bowed to the Indiana runners in the opening meet of the season a few weeks ago the Boilermakers will attempt to hit their winning stiide again Saturday night when they encountei Minnesfita, Northwestern, Chicago and Wisconsin in a five way meet, in the Chicago Fieldhouse starting at
7:30.
Since all these teams fini.shcd in the low'd- half of Big Ten teams m last yeai’s conference meet, the meet Saturday is expected to be a closely contested one. The loss of many key men to the armed forces by these teams has prevented them building theii teams. Judging from ])ast pcifoimances if an,y team holds a slight advantage it IS Wisconsin, who has Beiiely and Andeison wear mg its colois. It IS possible, howex'er, that the Minnesota Gophers aie strong enough in the field events to turn the tide oi events in their direction. The Rivetcis should W'in most of their points in the distance events, the high jump and the hurdles. Prominent in the distance races will be Chuck Duesler m the mile and two mile. Along- with Duesler will be Ed Sew'aid, w-ho won the tw’O mile race in the Indiana meet, and Kenny Lynch. Paul Gritting will be eounted on in the huidles. In the high jump the Boileimake’.s li.ive two men that are capable of dealing 6 feet, 3 inches in the presence of Biebnei- and Brow'ii, both fieshman recoid holders. 4'ime trials for this meet are scheduled foi Wednesday oi Tlniisday toi the Rivetei irmneis. 'Phe time trials this week will be extiemely mrpoitaiit m detcinimin'i which men will make the tiip, because the lack of tiaiispoi tation and the incicase in hotel and eating e\-
For the first time in Big Ten history, the freshman basketball quintets of various Big Ten schbols will get together in a freshman tourney. This Reamer-Gimlet spon.sored event is scheduled to be run off next Saturday in the Fieldhouse. Four teams have entered the tournament. These are thefrosh squads from Illinois, Indiana, Northwestern and our Riveter rhinies.
■ This tournament will give a
Thand preview as to what ■ f»0 yyT IXlVGLGr kind of hardwood power the _ _ . schools will possess in the near
iGBITiS On Rosa fixture years.
The draw for the tournament was held last week and the Riveter rhinies are slated for action against the Illinois quintet in the
Boilermaker winter sports squads game of the afternoon, at 1:30 will be occupied exclusively with p ^ encounter, at out of town engagements over the g.QQ p_ ^ ^^e Indiana yearlings coming week-end as the home spot- ^p Northwestlight is concentrated on the unique fij-gt year men. The tournament quadrangular Big Ten freshman promises to provide rapid fire action basketball tournament scheduled start to finish. Although the for Saturday, Feb. 13. | advance sale indicates that unusual The road schedule for the varsity interest has been aroused in the teams over the week-end follows: quadrangular battle for yearling
This Week-End
honors. Reamer and Gimlet officials have announced that plenty of tickets for the general public will be
“Little Big Ten” at Chi- available for both afternoon and
evening sessions.
The complete schedule for tour-
nament play follows:
1:30 p. m.—Purdue vs. Illinois. 3:00p.m.—Indiana vs. North-
western.
7:00 p.m.—Consolation game. 8:30 p. m.—Title game. Star Studded Quintets All four of the Big Ten institutions boast unusually strong freshman quintets this year, with rosters studded with former “AllState” high school pei-foinners, and
SATURDAY
Basketball-Great Lakes at Chi
cago Stadium.
Track cago.
Swimming — Indiana at Bloom
ington.
MONDAY Basketball — Michigan
Arbor.
TUESDAY Basketball —■ Michigan
Arbor.
Following the Chicago Stadium return engagement with the all-star Bluejackets, who earned a 48-43 decision in the initial battle here earlier in the season, the Boiler-
at Ann
at Ann
maker basketeers will have their there appears to be little basis for chance to pull up above the .500 establishing any favoritism in admai’k in Big Ten competition in the vance of the start of the actual two-game series with Michigan at play. Ann Arbor that winds up a stren- The Illini quintet which xvill opuous road schedule of five sucees- pose the Riveter rhinies in the first sive games. tilt is built around Dwight EddleSwimmers, In Action man, regarded as one of the greatCoach Dick Papenguth’s swim- gst all-around athletes in Illinois mers will be seeking their second prep history. He was accorded Allvictory in three Big Ten starts state basketball honors for three against Indiana at Bloomington, consecutive years. Other probable The Boilermakers will be banking Illinois starters are Fred Green, largely on Capt. Joe Williamson Urbana; Chester Strumillo, Cicero; and Elroy Heidke, brepst stroke Joe Van Hoorweghe, Moline; and aces; Cliff Eriksen in the distances; Tom Gallagher, Maywood. Bill Snead in the dashes, and John Riveters Have Power
Juengst, diving.
In the five-way track meet at Chicago, Coach Hermon Phillips i:
Rhinie mentor “Dutch” Fehring has an impressive array of Riveter yearlings to match the pow'er of the
hopeful that the Boilermakers, al- mini frosh. These lads have been though they entertain no visions of showing some real talent in their victory, may finish well up in the nightly scrimmages with the varpoint column. Purdue’s main point gity quintet. Probable starters for prospects include Co-Capt. Bill the Black and Gold are: Bill Lodge, Bancker, dashes; Charles Duesler, Madison; Jim Ertel, Tipton; Clay two mile; John Brebner and Tom Moody, Muncie; Jim Stiucker, AtBiown, high jump; Paul Gutting, tica; Leroy Brutus, Pine Village;
hurdles, and George Archer, 440. Boxers Will Meet Valparaiso Friday Next Fi iday evening at 8 p. m. there will take place in Valparaiso, the unveiling of the 1943 edition of the Boilermaker boxing team under the tutelage of varsity coach J. W. Beers. This is Coach Beers’ first year at the helm of the Riveter jnigilists, he being a former Boilermaker himself who received most of his boxing training through the Golden Gloves toiunament. Beers’ squad is compartively inexperienced with Bill McCliue being- the only veteran. He is wholly lacking of a man in the 125 pound bracket and fieshmen make up the balance of the squad almost entire-
ly-
The Valpo coach, Einest G. Schwiebeit, annormced yesterday that Marshall Leailih of Gary had been secured to act as leteieo for the meet. Leach is a member of the national list of aptnoved boxing of-
ficials.
'I’he Crusader squad of i nigmen is also on the inexpeilenced sitle vith 11 freshmen, one sophomore, a junior, and two seniors. Howerei. Valparaiso has long been knorrn as a boxing stronghold and this should be a sevene test foi the Riveter gloveuien.
Charles Haag, Evansville; John Hinga, Fort Wayne; and Bill Berberian, Harvey, Illinois. Nortl^western boasts one of the tallest frosh quintets in the history of the school. The roster leads off with Dave Thompson, 6 foot, 7 inch center from Toledo, Ohio. In addition, they have other lanky lads such as Spencer Van Ess, Sheboygan, Wis.; John Ward, Green Bay, Wis.; Benny Schadler, Benton Harbor, Mich.; and Frank Clawson, of Sheldon, 111., a brother of Don Clawson, former football and basketball star for the Wildcats.
Hoosier Dangerous
Indiana’s “greenies” will meet the tall Wildcats with a strong combination of power. Coach Bill Johnson can call on a combination composed of Bud Brown, Muncie (Burns), Grmbel prize winner; George Babcock, Logansport; Don Ritter, Aurora; Rex Grosmasn, Huntington, and Herb Hoffman, Mishawaka. Earlier this season the Indiana frosh defeated the George Field Flyers, 81-33. They seem to be following nr the footsteps of their
varsity colleagues.
Beauty Queen Promises Big Reward To Helper Rosalin Nedick, beauty queen of the College of the City of New Y'ork, IS in desperate need of help.
- . ■" Miss Nedick is entered in a $10,000 About 105 foriiiei Iowa athlete.^ Famous Names contest in qne of now aie listed as being in the aimed the New York newspapers. To Ros,
in ac- hovvevei, the stake is not the $10,-
killeil 111 a training 000 alone; more than that, it will and one has been enable her to visit her present heai't
interest, a student here at the Uni-
versity.
However, poor, beautiful Ros is pensos has caused the coaches to le- stuck. One of the daily puzzles reduce thou tiareling squad in order sohed into a name that completely
foi’ces . . . two are missin
tioii, one wx. plane clash
awaideil the Disimguished Service
Cross.
to staj within then budget.
puzzled her, Carg Ryant. Ever
Ficslrmen will not bo eiiteied ur hear of it? Miss Nedick will hap-
the meet on Satin day, however the\ will engage the Wisconsin Rhinies
pily present a substantial cut of the prize money to anyone who will dis-
iir a telegraphic meet ne.ii the end close the ulentity ot the atorenrou-
of this week.
lioned person.Purdue Exponent
ivfi r-vnp'.‘"M ''''’ = fhh "'■’\ ‘
Tuesday, February 9, 1943
Practice House' Set-Up Revealed
Home Be Majors Take Practical Course In Home Management-Dishpan And All
By Siff Peterson
Although a recent survey on the campus revealed that only 12'pdi' cent of University coeds come to school to find a man, a gteat many of them get good training in Home Management llpu^e concerning the art of finding the way to a man’s heart through his stomach—commonly known as the “I’m really the
domestic type” approach.
.For those of you w'ho have not heard the woes of the .junior and senior Home Ec students
npr seen the numerous acute cases of dishpan hands and housemaid’s knee wandering arourid the campus from time to -time, we would enlighten you by tellinp: you that they are the afternlath of a required course in the Home Ec School called Home
Management 4 Lab.
Completely Furnished Houses 'I'his lab is held in four completely. furnished modern residences owned by the tlhiversity which are located just east of WRH between State and Second streets. Since my pin-girl completed this course, I have become somewhat of an authority on the problems therein involved, but allow me to cite someone who knows more than I. We men are too adept at giving biased opinions in these domestic
matters.
Being early for a date one evening, I sat down while waiting and talked with Miss Laura Beltz who is in charge of House No. 4 located Just east of WRH North. Miss Beltz, an atti-active dark haired, dark eyed woman, who is studying for an M. S. in Home Ec, was glad to tell me all about the setup. Laboratory Setup According to Miss Beltz, the course is designed, as a laboratory setup, to give the girls opportunity to get some practical experience in the fields of home making. Six girls live in each house from three to five weeks, depending on their course of study. They do all the work around the house except shoveling snow and firing the furnace. In the meantime they have to keep up their regular class work. The gnls are up at six o’clock, Miss Beltz said, and do their cleaning and make the beds before breakfast. Each girl takes hey turn as cook, waitress, hostess and housekeeper. About this time I began imagining all sorts of wild .stories concerning .stomach aches, digestion and the lik$, but was surprised to hear that tlje average junior or senior home ec student, with the aid of a recipe book, can opener, and some pots and pans can do wonders. “You may be surprised to know,” sgid Miss Beltz, “that the girls don’t lose weight, but usually gain. I’ll a^mit that I’m a sort of a “guinea pig” for all these different cooks— but I’ve fared quite well,” she sur-
mised.
Girls Db All Work “The girls have to plan the menus, buy the food, and keep cost of meals below fifty cents per person per day. We have had some very fine meals and the girls even bake biscuits, pie .and cake. A few of the biscuits have been like brickbats—but not too
many.
“Life is never dull here—something funny is always happening. I remember one gill who was using a recipe involving the use of half an egg. She pondered quite a while on whether to cut the egg crosswise or lengthwise. Another time a girl, while vacuuming a rug, wiped her grimy face, exclaiming that she didn’t know cleaning Was such a dirty job. Closer examination revealed that she had foi'gotten to put the bag on the vacuum’ cleaner. Anothei girl tried to bake a cake before she had tlie liattei made by mixing the ingredients over the
llame.
“One group of gills, \\hen they first moved into the hou.se figuied that they would have to get up at five o’clock to finish all the work and get bieakfast by eight o’clock classes. Altei .sleejiily diagging themselves out of bed at five o’clock the fli.-t morning, the,\ were much chagrined when they were finished by seven o’clock Aftei that they didn’t get up '■o eaily. Another time a giil began to sei ve coffee when she suddenly discoveied that the cofl'ee was an unusually cleai and Hpaikhng li(|uid. She had forgotten to put the coffei- in the jieicolator. There are many inoi e .such incidents that I could enunieuite but it w'ould take too long It’s bettei tor the girls to make the mistakes here, howevei, than altei they aie married—the litisband- get the indigestion thmi.” By this time, my date, having pul liniment on hei housemaid’s knee, gotten the Hour of!’ hei iaie and the pie dougli out of hei ban , w as j eady to go out; so 1 said good bye and gave my thank.s to Miss Beltz, e.xpies.sing the hope that ,>he wa.-
righf.
Robertson To Give
Lecture Thursday
“Practical Suggestion.s for 'Vi],al, .loyous Living” will be the subject of Dr. C. H. Robertson’s lecture Thursday at 7 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. This is the second in a scries of five Thursday evening lectures. The subjects for the remaindei of the series are as follows: February 18. “Some Principles and Procedures For Solving Problems”; February 25, “A,Popular Reflective Review' of Mathematics”; March 4, “A Celebrated Scientific Experiment That Failed and Some Wondei fill Results That Came From It.” Last semester a series of three lectuies by Dr. Robertson was sponsored by the Religious Council at the special lequest of those attending the Freshman Camp last August. These were so successful that a second series w’as arianged foi this semester. The talk will last about 60 minutes w’ith a question period at the close. The lectures are planned particulaily for students, but the general public is welcome Monroe To Speak For AWS Tomorrow “’Women in Work” is the theme of the vocational confeience for women sponsored by AWS. This conference w'lll be held in the Reception Room of the Union tomoi-
row from 4 to 5 p. m.
Professor Monroe will speak on the topic “Intel view'ing For A Job.” He will also give some techniques for holding a job aftei getting it. This confeience will be of impel tance to eveiyone W'hether foi then chosen career, a summer job, or a Satuidaj' job in Lafayette. The interest shown by the coeds during this first timely vocational confeience will deteimine wdiethei a series of talks will be i un in the
near futuie.
Oil Men Will Arrive At University Monday Twenty oil company leiiresentatives will airive on the campus Monda.v, Feb. 15, for a five day shoit couise in the caic and opeiation of ti actors and othei faim
machinei y.
The course w'as designed lor the oil company by the agi icultural engineering department of the Univei.sity, and will be under the supeivision of Pi of. William Aitkenhead. The men will be used as farm supeivisois to teach fai mors how to make their piesent equipment last for the duration of the war. A majoi part of the couise will be devoted to jiiactical demonstrations of the perfoi mapee of tractors opeiating under vaiying conditions of fuel, tempeiatuie and
loads.
Young Tours East On Labor Discussion 111. E. C Young oi the Agiiciiltuial Economics Department was 111 M ashington, D. C. yesterday confen ing with memliers of the United Slates De])artment of Agricultuie on faim labor and the farm machineiy .situation. He will be at Rutgeis Uiiivcisity today and tomoi row will be in New' York Thiir.sday he W'ill travel to Cornell University w'here he comjiletes his senes of thiee talks on a national pioject conceniiiig the farm work siin))lification jiiogram. Cancellations Sludenls who desire lo cancel courses without grade should do so belore Saturday noon, Februi.i.i l.'k ('aiicellation cards nia.v be obtained Ironi the lieads of depaitinents. 'I'hese cards should be signed bj the head ol the school and il possible b) the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. —DEA.N OF .MEN
“Pitisourgn universal's spectacular romantic melodrama, cO-stars Marlene Dietrich, Randolph Scott (L) and John Wayne. Now playing at the Mars Theatre. Courtship, Marriage State Canners Class Starts Tonight To Meet Today
Annual fieshman courtship and mairiage class, sponsored by the Freshman Association of the University Christian Foundation, w'ill begin tonight. The class w'lll continue for eight sessions through Mai eh 30, on Tuesday evenings from 7 :o0 to 8:30. The purpose of the class is to discuss, and thereby bettci understand, dating problems on the campus. The special pioblems oi going steady, engagement, and maiiiage are likew'ise discu.ssed. Hubei t and Harriet Reynolds w'lll lead the class. The Bible class which has regularly been given by the Christian Foundation will meet during the regulai student class peiiod on Sunday morning instead of in the evening. First AIME Meeting Will Open Thursday Fioc cigais and cigarettes W'lil be leatured at the fiist AIME meeting of the semester to be held Thuisdaj evening in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 ji. m. The iHiiiiose of the smoker will be to lay plans foi the activities of the Ameiican Institute ol Metallurgical Enginceis on the campus for the CLiiicnt semestei. All men who have just eiiteied the Metaliui gical Engineeiing schbol are especially invited. Dues will be collected at the meeting. Some time m May the University will he the host of the Cliicago section of the AIME which sponsoi.-, the local, Wisconsin, and Illinois chapteis. Some tentative Ilians legal ding this event will also be discussed at the meeting'. Sig Eps Inaugurate Eating Goldfish-Too The days of the (ollege man and his goldfish guzzling aic still being pieservcd here on the campus. Piool of tins dates back to a little episode at the Sig Ep house dance last Satuiday night. • Towaid the end of the evening when the minds of all the dancers had been thoioughly indoctiinated with the s])iiit of sui realism, the music stojiped and the attention of all was called lo the door neaie.st the hand stand A line loimed immediately, and when the dooi opened a tray of caitons w'as ushered in. ’riioughts langed m their Anedictiona of the contents fi om ic6 cream to oysteis. Ilowevei, ujion closei examination each caiton was found to be the inoud container of one live goldfish, the disposal of w'liicli was left to the d iscictiofi ol iLs now
ownei.
Ostrander Receives Stewardess Wings Jane Ostiaiidei was among the sixteen young W'omen to I'eccive Stew'aidess W’liigs from the Amciican Ail lines Stewarde.s.s Trainingschool at LaGuaidia Field. In the tw'o months’ tiaiiiing course she studied ladio, meteorology, theory ol lliglit, ail line jiioceduio, and then took an obseivatini flight to see a tiained stew'aidess at woik She will be based in Boston, Hying the Flagshiji loutes lioni there. ,She was gra'duated from the Univeisily ill Ji)12 with a major in Home Eioiiomics and a iiiinoi ni
speech.
Di. Louis M. Sears of the University staff will speak to the sixteenth annual meeting of the Indiana Canners and Fieldmen at a dinner being held today in the Union, on the subject, “Yesteiday, Today, and ’romoirow.” The confeience is scheduled to last for tw'o days, startin.g at 1:00 p. in. today and continuing until tomoi row. Advanced estimates expect about 300 canners to attend the
meeting'.
Pi of. H. J. Reed, Director of the Univeisity Agi icultuial Experiment Station, will open the sessions at 1:00 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. No “Sons ot Soil” dinnei will be held this year but the convention committee has announced that the “Sons of Soil” will gathei again w'heii the “mess” is ovei. Atlas Sends Coed Build-Up Leaflet PEW’s physicial fitness progiam must be attracting wide attention, foi Chailes Atlas lecently sent his build-up leaflet to a University coed. He piomised muscles and rcnew'ed vigoi upon following his in-
structions.
7 The coed was astounded at Atlas’ iiiteiest in hoi. but concluded that he had really mistaken ‘hci name roi a boy’s. Biologicai Society Hears Lecture On High Altitudes Dr. W. A. Iliestand of the biology department addressed the University Biological Society yesteiday. Th' subject of his lecture was “The Physiology of High Altitudes.” In the couise of the discussion he revicw'ed the ascention into highci altitudes which has accompanied man’s development. He explained the pliysiolog'ical changes w hich have arisen from the variation in oxygen supply in civilization’s climb into the upiici atmospheie. The w'ay in which the know’ledge of these effects i-^ being ap)ilied to modern aviation was also discussed. Try an Exponent Classified!
Freshmen Wi|l Vote For Green Potters Queen, February 16 Plans for the election of a “Green Potters’ Queen,” who will be presented at the freshman dance scheduled for February 19, have now been made. The election is to be by popular vote of the entire freshman class on Tuesday, February 16. The candidates will be selected as follows: Each soi'ority and cooperative house will select one of its second semester members as a representative of that house. WRH will do likewise except that three girls will be chosen. The nominations must be returned not later than 6 p. m. to-
morrow.
All freshmen may vote upon presentation of their passports at the ballot box in the Union on February 16. The Queen will be presented during the intermission of the freshman dance. Campus Dogs imperil Life Of Chem Student One of the sets of fraternity, sorority and miscellaneous hounds that rove over the campus in canine bliss caused a minor disturbance the other day when they surprised an absorbed student in front of the chem annex. A chow and a mongrel of assorted breeds broke from one of the frisking mobs of barking critters to sniff at the pants leg of the unsuspecting ed. Evidently the student hacl spilled some garlic or onion on the trouser cuff, for the animals violently objected to the odor. In their disagreement they snarled, barked and simultaneously snapped for the
ed’s nose.
The alarmed student was last reported when a homeward bound coed saw him pass the Chicago Gieyhound on U. S. 52. Prof. W. E. Howland ... of the civil engineeiing school and his son, Bradfoid, arc the coauthois of an ai'ticle appealing in the February issue of the Field Artillery Journal, illustrating the new' methods of rapid determination of aitilleiy filing ranges. Two different types of charts were prepared by the authois to facilitate those determinations.
Notices
Wesley Foundation: The Wesicjr tion will sponsor a Valentine party oh the: niglit of February 12. The party will Start’ at 8 p. m. There will be a cover charge of i 16 cents. —LUDBEfta 1
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RL'K — DENTISTS — 'i00-'?04 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phono 5701
Mew under-arm f Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not roc dresses or men's shirts. Does not irniare skin 2. Nowaitiiu^rodry On be used n^ht after sluts um 3« IiiscaiiLly stops perspiration for 1 CO 3 days Prevents odor 4« A pure, white, ^reaselcss, stainless vanishing creatn. 5, Aw'ardcd Aj^i^roval Seal of American Institute of kaunder' int; for being haririlcss to ^ fabric.
No Notices will he accepted for this <^Iumn after 6 p. m. on the day preceding: thc^*f&sue. Students: Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men’s Office. —GOLDSMITH Interfraternity Presidents Council: Mcpibers may get their council keys at the Fraternity Affairs Office. —MORGAN Purdue Players: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 0, at 7 :80 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Initiation of new members. —GRAY Second Semester Juniors and Seniors: Sign up for an appointment to have your Debris picture taken in front of the Debris office immediately. Office will be open from 4 :00 to 6 :30 p. m. February 8, 9, and 10.
—RENTSCH
Girls interested in Swimming: Come to Triton meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9—WATERBURY Shuffleboard Tournament: Second match must'bo played by Friday, Feb. 12. Waterbury v'-. King; Williamson vs. Gumpper; Ta^or vs. Pat Hennis. —WATERBURY Triton: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9. -WATERBURY Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9. Room will be announced later. —BOSMA Flying Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 26H of the Union. Bring semester dues. —SCELZE WAA Members: All girls interested in a council position for next year get a petition Irom the WAA office. Petitions must be filled out and turned in by Friday, Feb. 12.
V—HENNIS
Alpha Zeta: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9, at p. m. in room 232 of the tjnion. Refreshments Will be served. —SKINNER All M. T. 7- Students: Report to University Cashier and draw uniform eomutation money. —BROWN Camera Club: Sign for darkroom lockers • at west desk. All lockers not signed for by Feb. 12 will be broken open for new members. —HAYWARD Navy V-1, V-5 and V-7: Members of Navy Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Na\y Reserve should leave name, place and date of induction, homo address and clasBification in my office. A request for theae cauls will be made to the Office of Naval Officer Procurement. —KNAPP Skull and Crescent Actives: Important mcHiting Feb. 11 at 7:1.5 in room 302 of the Union. Actives who do not have paddles yet can get them then. —CHESTNUT SCA Board: Usual met ting Tuesday, Feb. 9. at 7 ;30 p. m. House meigers will be discussed. - ANTONACCIO Westminster Girls Club: The meeting dale has been changed to February 16. The group Will meet at the Foundation, 320 North St., lor supper. Miss Edith Gamble of the Institution Management Department, will .speak on “Vitamins, Vitality and Viciorv”.
-THOMA
Gold Peppers: Dinner meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9, at o*!.") p. m. at the Theta house - MacDONALD Delta Kho Kappa: Important meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9. Room will be announced latci. -BOSMA Alpha Lambda Delta: Mi'tting Thursday at T p m. in Wood Hall living room. Mrs Fitch will sptak. ImpoiFint bu>?inoss meeting afterwauls —RIGGS Christian Science Organization: Rigular/ meeting tonight in loom 302 at 7:30 p m.
-SOMMER
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
POMM: Formal initiation Will bo held in the Union Thursday eveninfil, Feb. 11, at 6:16 p. m. Banquet will follow. Ask at Union desk for room or see Exponent Thursday^
morning. Attendance required.
—PHILLIPP
Ping Pong: The second round niutt be, played by Feb. 12. Gullstrom vs. Bgyhes :■* Burglar vs. Williamson; Hall vs. Millelr: Roll vs. King. —WATERBURY Eta Kappa Nu: Dinner in room 380 of, Union at 6:30 p. m., Wednesday, Feb. 10. Business meeting will follow. Please be present. •—SGUDDER , Newman Club: Discussion meqtihg will' be held Wednesday night at 7:30 In room 68 in the sub basement of the Union. ’>
—GRAGAN
Purdue Undergraduate: Meeting today, at 7 :30 p. m., room 2B3 of the Union.
--MacDONALD
Seniors and Second Semester Junior# L Sign for an appointment to have yqur Debris pictures taken in front of the Debria'' office on the second floor of the Union bet tween 4 and 6:30 p. m. on February 9 and 10. —RENTSCH ‘ P Men’s Club: Meeting Thursday, Fob. ll, room 107, Ficldhouse. All major and minor
iettermen ore urged to attend.
—WARREN ,
Exponent Coeds: All coed members of the editorial staff are expected to report for work on coed edition Wednesday at 4 p. m‘,
—BEALL
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting on. Tuesday, Feb. 9, at 4 :30, room 303 of the Union. —BOSMA Scabbard and Blade: Dance committed’ meeting tonight at 7 p. m. in room 23 of the Union. —-RAFERT War Council: Meeting Thursday, Feb. IL, at 7:30 in Student Union office. All Cotincil members are asked to make a special effort to be present. 'Very important busincs.S. - AUGSBURGER . Student Teachers Interested: Dr. ,C. d, Robertson is giving a .series of loctdres on. Personal Philosophy on Thursday evenings between 7 and 8 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —-GRAVES , AWS Executive Board: Meeting tonight ■at 7 in the AWS office. —CORNTHWAITE
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches. CTuns# luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makoA gold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mlme^ ograph woik done. C. J, Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779, Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent. Call Exponent, 4005. Ask foc
Kroeplin.
Wanted: Used drawing set. Phone 3818.
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE WED., FEB. 10th, 7:00 P. M. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS ADVANCED CLASS MEET ON THURS., FEB. 11, 7:00 P. M, NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Keep Your Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country Down! Cro’wii cleaning will nol only improve your Personal Appearance, bill will preserve the fabric, too. You serve when you conserve. Clean clothes last longer. Shown Lnunony
FINE DRY CLEANING
r/fe ///m a lef/er... //eY/ F/ghf Beffer
T O MEN in the U. S. Services letters from home are morale, almost as important as food and ammunition. For men overseas the government has made it possible to get your letters to him QUICK! Butt you must write them on Uncle Sam’s official V-Mail stationery to get this speedy service. Only a 3c stamp is necessary. Your letter is photographed on 16 m.m. film, flown to its destination and there reproduced and delivered to the addressee. /
WiTN
V“-M Al L
Letters have come from Australia in 7 days ... from Hawaii in 3 days ... from India in 2 weeks ... from Africa as fast as planes can span the Atlantic. The Sj^eed-Way is the V-Mail Way. Complete stock of stationery and writing accessories await you here.
DECKER’S 518-20 MAIN STREET PHONE 5036
jj. I'
I 1 '