i ;> *- rj i f . 4
* ' ' ' f i.'t'l^'^- •% <■
®he Purfiue Ttxj30neiTt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
k'‘®wr ^pM
/4;
•i ^
- ^
VjOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1937
NUMBER 125
Revue de Chic Ticket Sales LimitedTolTO Ten campus beauties will mpdel for the Revue de Chic, co-ed bid dance, sponsored by the Student Union, which will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 12 Friday night. Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois band are to play for this formal affair which is to be in the form of a cabaret dance. Table reservation may be made in the Student Union office this afternoon from 4 to 6:30. Corsages will be supplied by the Union committee in charge and will be placed on the tables surrounding the dance floor immediately before the dance begins. One hundred and seventy tickets at $1.50 each are offered for sale at the west desk in the Memorial Union lobby. Those beauties who wil model the frocks to be supplied by Loeb’s of Lafayette are: Louise Bain, Fern Botts Davis, Ruth Ezra, Dixie Gist, Jean Hanley, Jeanne Janousek, Judith Jones, Dorothy Kuehn, Betty Renn, and Virginia Richards.
University Concert Choir Will Sing At Delphi The University Concert Choir, which consists of 26 voices, accompanied by Rosemary Robinson, will sing at a dinner given by the Delphi Chamber of Commerce tonight at 6 o’clock in the Presbyterian Church at Delphi. The choir has been filling many engagements away from the campus as well as here, although A. P. Stewart, choral director, stated that he has had to turn down numerous requests because of insufficient time to fill them.
Russell Visits Puerto Rico Miss Marian Russell, instructor in physical education, spent spring vacation in Puerto Rico visiting the Blanche Kellogg Institute for girls. She was formerly an instructor in health and physical education at that place.
Hockema Flies To California To Serve On Boeing Committee Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the President, left by plane last Friday for Oakland, Cal., to serve on the committee that awards the W. E. Boeing scholarships at the Boeing School of Aeronautics. He made the trip on the United Air Lines’ overnight plane to California. He will return Saturday. Boeing School scholarships total $11,000, and will be awarded to students in accredited colleges and junior colleges.
April 6, 1937 BACK on the job again after a pleasant spring recess . . . spent doing mostly nothing . . . but enjoying it just the same . . . —30— THE “poor man^s fraternity,” Pi Alpha Chi, at Syracuse, recently celebrated its first anniversary with the knowledge that it had scored the highest fraternity scholarship rating ever made on that campus .. -SOFOUNDED by 11 juniors, for students financially unable to join other Greek letter societies. Pi Alpha Chi has, in one year, swelled its membership to 37 . . . and acquired a house on the campus in addition. —30— ALL expenses at the fraternity have been kept low ... membership, fees and dues cost a Student from $15 to $20 a year . . . and the iniatiation fee is $2.75 as compared to the $50 to $100 in other organizations. —30— LAST fall Pi Alpha Chi declined an offer to affiliate with a national fraternity because expenses would be increased and the ritual lost. The size of the organization is limited by by-laws to 12 members from each class . . . and pledges are chosen leisurely throughout the year, after all the rest of the Greeks have finished their rushing . . . —30— “WHETHER Pi Alpha Chi can be called a success cannot be said until five years have passed and the original founders, whose enthusiasm created the fraternity, are no longer there to carry it on,” stated Blair Knapp, University director of men’s affairs at Syracuse. “One year is too short to give a perspective on success,”
Set Date For Annual All-University Literary Contest The annual All-University literary contest has been announced by the English department with prizes to be awarded as follows: The George Ade Cup for the best short play. The Horace G. Reisner Cup for the best short story. The David E. Ross Cup for the best poem (or group of poems). Enders Cash Awards The Howard Edward Enders prizes of $10 and $5 for the best essays on a phase of science or on the work of a scientist who has made a contribution to civilization. The English department prize of $10 for the best personal or familiar essay. This contest grew out of a statewide literary contest about 10 years ago and has been in successful progress ever since. “The Scrivener” campus literary magazine, originated with the publication of the winning entries of earlier contests. About 150 entries are expected. Contest Closes May 7 The contest closes on May 7. All manuscripts must be submitted by 5:30 in room 204 of University Hall on that date. Prof. F. A. Cumm'ings is in charge of the contest.
Indiana Cattle Men I Meet Here For Annual Spring Meeting April 16 Members of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will gather at the University for their annual spring meeting Friday, April 16. Cattlemen and sheepmen will have an opportunity to learn the latest about economical livestock rations under existing feed prices. Two hundred and fifty head of sheep and 70 head of cattle are now being fed in the experimental lots. At the meeting, which will start at 10:30 that morning, results will be given on feeding cattle molasses self-fed, hand-fed, and in various quantities with and without roughage. Sheep feeding experimental results will concern the value of various kinds of protein and mineral feeds. T. M. Simpson, Chicago, 111., official of Swift and Company, and Paul Gerlaugh of the Ohio experimental station will speak.
Name Flying Club President Vice President of NIFA At Convention In Washington John G. Conway, junior in the school of mechanical engineering, and president of the Purdue Flying Club, was elected vice-president of the National Intercollegiate Flying Association at the national convention of that organization held in Washington, D. C., last week. Eight other members of the local flying club attended the convention as delegates, 0. E. McCrackep and James Whitney making the trip to Washington in the Flying Club’s plane.
Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the following election of officers: President, M. L. Swinehart, South Bend; vice-president, J. W. Greenis, East Chicago; secretary, V. W. Antucshko, Trenton, New Jersey; treasurer, E. E. Bradley, Whitehouse, Ohio; and pledge-mas-ter, C. B. Neilson, South Bend.
Co-ed Clubs Plan Banquet Establishing a precedent which may become an annual affair, Omicron Nu and the Virginia C. Meredith Club is sponsoring a banquet for all home economics students tomorrow night at 6 o’clock, in the home economics cafeteria. Marjorie Rush, ’35, an employee of Loeb and Hene, will talk on “Spring And Summer Fashions” and will show collegiate fashions for sport, evening, and school wear for the coming seasons. Omicron Nu Medal At the banquet, the Omicron Nu medal will be presented to the outstanding freshman of last year. Lillian Murphy, general chairman, will act as toastmistress. Tickets, priced at 40 cents, may be bought at the main office of the Home Economics Building, or from Nina DeWitt, ticket chairman.
Delta Upsilon Delta Upsilon announces the pledging of J. C. Woodson, Bay Village, O.
Entertain Union Show Cast With Dinner, Dance A dinner and dance for all who participated in “Castles In The Air” will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight from 5 until 8 p. m. Cast, choruses, directors, and all others who were connected in any way with the Union Show are invited, says James Shoemaker, Union President. The dinner begins pi'omptly at 5 o’clock.
March Alumnus Has New ‘P’ Club Page “P” Men’s page, an ^ innovation devoted to the activities of the letter winners’ association, heads the list of articles in the March issue of the Purdue Alumnus just released. The low cost housing experiment being conducted by the University in Indianapolis, is the subject of an illustrated article. “Our New Trustees” is a page introducing the recently appointed trustees of the University Dr. Kathryn McHale, Washington, D. C., and John W. Wheeler, Crown Point. Other stories are Miss Earhart’s Hawaiian crack-up, basketball summary by R. C. Woodworth, Boilermaker Briefs, and Campus Chatter.
1000 Book jackets On Display In Building Bookjackets, in their rise from obscurity, have advanced from colorless dust covers to works of art. First collecting them as illustrative Work for students. Prof. Laurentza Shantz-Hansen, head of the applied design department, has come to regard this collection as a hobby. She h?*? 1,000 of the decorative jackets in her collection from every phase of literature—children’s books, history, music, art, fiction, and foreign publications. The covers are interesting from the standpoints of color combinations, lettering, and the relation of the cover to the author. Originally the covers were plain with only a hole through which the title could be seen. Decoration was added gradually until now, the designers’ own names appear on them as in other types of illustration. They are op exhibit now in room 1 of the Applied Design Building.
Dr. Cromer Speaks To Indiana Schoolmen Club “One of the most deplorable things in the world is the fact that so many young people are drifting into a career, instead of choosing one advisedly and intelligently,” stated Dr. S. S. Cromer, of the University education department, in his address “Career Guidance” to the Indiana Schoolmen’s Club at its spring meeting, Saturday in Indianapolis. He cited many eases illustrating the factors with which the schools must deal if moi'e effective guidance is to be achieved.
Loy Heads Rehabilitation Work In Indiana Flood Area William Loy, University graduate in the school of agriculture in the class of ’34, of Michigan City, was recently appointed to the positipn of rural rehabilitation supervisor in charge of work in the flood alrea. Loy received his M. S. degree from the University in 1936.
Fair And Warmer
By Tempy Xb« Bxponmt Wfathw IfooM
Ag Seniors Guests Of Faculty And Alumni At Dinner Eighty-five senior agriculture students and 100 staff members attended a dinner given by the faculty and the alumni for the graduating students of the school of agriculture last night in the Home Economics Building. 1 P. 0. Wilson, of the class of 1922, now secretary-manager of the National Livestock Producers’ Association, addressed the group on the needs of modern agriculture, emphasizing the need for more adequate financing of the farm business He named the purpose of an education in agriculture as learning to think and to make decisions. Edgerton Toastmaster Palmer Edgerton, a member of the Board of Trustees, acted as the toastmaster. Prof. Frank G. King, of the animal husbandry department spoke for the faculty and Cliff Hardin responded for the seniors, Leroy Hoffman, president of the Purdue Ag Alumni Association, represented the alumni. President Elliott and E. B. Ball, president of the General Alumni Association, brought greetings to the seniors. Keller Beeson of the agronomy department, led in songs, aild a hillbilly quartet from the forestry school provided the entertainment.
’12 Class Seeks Big Reunion Turnout Members of the class of 1912 are making every effort to effect a record turnout for their quarter-cen-tury reunion in connection with the annual Gala Week festivities, according to W. 0. Mills, class secretary. Every member of the class is being contacted through a series of personal letters. Silver anniversary Loyalty Certificates will be presented to the returning alumni of that class at the Loyalty Luncheon, May 2.
Building Inspectors Visit Civil Testing I.ab Building inspectors from more than a score of cities from Boston to St. Louis visited the University recently, inspecting work in the materials testing laboratory in the Civil Engineering Building. Glass bricks manufactured by the Owens-Illinois Glass Co., were tested and withstood a wind pressure of 162 miles per hour. These bricks as well as many other building products have undergone tests in the laboratories within the last two years. This particular glass brick is now finding its way into general construction.
Dr. Lark-Horovitz To Speak On Opportunities In Physics Continuing in the series of occupational lectures for science students, Dr. Lark-Horovitz, of the school of physics, will speak Thursday afternoon, April 8, at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall on “Occupational Oppor tunities in Physics.”
Dallas Exposition To Hire Esquires^ For This Summer Dallas, Tex., April 5.— (Special) —They may be known elsewhere as gigolos, rental romeos or just plain hii’ed escorts, but at the Pan-Amer-ican Exposition opening in Dallas June 12, they are called Esquires. Fifty handsome collegians, between the ages of 21 and 29, comprise the corps of Esquires who, for a fee, escort lonely visitors to the international fair or come to the aid of business men by entertaining out-of-town customers on a tour of the Exposition’s night spots or a round of golf. Chosen for personality as well as personal appearance. Esquires are required to have a complete wardrobe, one suitable for any occasion. Ability to dance well, to converse on any subject his evening’s companion may be interested in, and to be proficient in more than one sport are basic requirements for members of the escort service.
USCG Offers Training To 50 The U. S. Coast Guard Academy offers a 4-year course in engineering, science, and officers’ training to 50 cadets who are successful in a country-wide competitive examination, according to Capt. B. F. Hayford of the Military department. Examinations wil be held in June and any Purdue student is eligible to enter. Prior to this year, no University students have rfeceived appointjnents. Examinations will cover English, mathematics, and general adaptability. Graduates from the Coast Guard Academy receive commissions as ensigns in the Coast Guard ' A sound film describing the work of the Coast Guard will be shown at Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon.
Faculty Group Attends Engineering Convention Dean A. A. Potter headed a delegation of faculty members from the University when they attended the annual meeting of the Indiana-Illi-nois section of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Saturday in Champaign, Illinois. During the meeting. Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, was elected a director of the society for the coming year to represent the University, and many of the local delegation made short talks dealing with their respective fields.
Plan Lively Program Gala Week Gala Week, moved up to the weekend of April 30 to May 2, will fall on the same dates as the annual gathering of Purdue alumni for the class reunions, permitting old grads to see the University on dress parade when they return on their annual pilgrimage. Highlights of the we,ek-end’s activities will be the laying of the cornerstone for the new fieldhouse, a banquet honoring President Elliott for his 15 years of service to the University, and the observance of Founders’ Day. A full schedule of intercollegiate athletic events will round out the week’s program. “Open house” will be held in University shops and laboratories, as well as at the Women’s Residence Hall and Cary Hall. “P” Men’s Club Dinner Baseball, tennis, track, golf, and spring football squads will be in action during the week-end. The International “P” Men’s Club will have a dinner on Friday and the senior lettermen will receive their “P” blankets on Saturday night. The 1907 class will hold its thirtieth anniversary smoker on Friday, and a commemorative program in honor of the classes of ’87, ’92, ’97, ’02, ’07, and '12 will feature a “Loyalty Luncheon” on Sunday. Class Parade A senior-alumni dance, campus theatricals and a program by the concert choir will add to the festival setting of Gala Week. The traditional class parade will precede the Baccalaureate exercises in the Armory at 3 o’clock on Sunday afternoon, and festivities will come to a close with a concert by the Purdue Band at 4:30 p. m.
Indiana Examinations For U. S. Civil Service Open To Students Now Open competitive Civil Service examinations for two governmental positions may ik taken by contacting Andrew C. Lbges of the Lafayette Post Office, according to information received from the United States Civil Service Commission. Examinations are offered for the positions of assistant chief, mechanical section, social security board, at $3,200 a year and psychologist (public relations), forest service, at $3,800 per year. Indiana is among the states which have not as yet received their quota of appointments in the iqwoxtionBd departmental service at Washington D. C.
R. Horn Recovers From * Appendicitis Attack R. M. Horn, of the English department and coach of the freshman debating squad, is back at work after a two-weeks’ illness from a severe attack of appendicitis. He was confined to the hospital for treatment and'Observation for five days and spent the spring vacation recuperating at his home. An operation was deemed unnecessary.
Professor W. P. Turner Hurt In Auto Accident Prof. W. P. Turner, of the practical mechanics department suffered numerous cuts and bruises in an auto accident at the five-point intersection at the foot of State street hill Saturday night. Following the accident Professor Turner was taken to the St. Elizabeth hospital where he is reported to be doing well.
Wesley Foundation To Give April Fool’s Party Friday The Wesley Foundation will hold an April Fool party Friday night at 8 p. m. in the Foundation House. The party is under the direction of the freshman commission committee of Leta Newman, Grace Russell, Max Meyers, and Richard Zweig. Refreshments will be served at the affair.
Dr. Rex A. Whiting, Former Faculty Member, Expires Dr. Rex A, Whiting, a member of the University veterinary staff from 1911 to 1928, died March 20 in San Diego, Cal,, of a heart attack. He left the University in 1928 to become pathologist and director of the San Diego Zoological Hospital. In 1931 he became veterinarian for the San Diego county Health De partment, a post which he held until his death.
P. E. Directors Elect Prof. Hazelton To Office Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, was elected vicepresident of the Midwest Association of College Directors of Physical Education for Women during the convention of the association held March 29 to 31 at Nashville. Miss Hazelton, M. L. Clevett, Homer Allen, and W. L. LaBree of the physical education staff, attended a convention of the Midwest Physical Education Association held in Cincinnati, O., March 31 to April 3.
Prof. C. O. Lee To Discuss Cosmetics Tonight In Union ‘Cosmetics, Their Use And Abuse’' will be discussed by Prof. C. 0. Lee, of the school of pharmacy, this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room B odf the Memorial Union Bmlding. This was an announcement made by Fred Bollman, chairman cf the adult education group.
Highway Commission ^ames E. Feldman Test Engineer Earl Feldman, C. E. *S®, an mn* ployee of the Indiana Btate Hhdt-* way Commissimi fw several years, has been named rntginemr of tests for the commission, and assumed his duti^ April 1. He is now in charge of the testing:' laberatimr hi Indianapolis.
'is
> 4r
U ^ >5 i < 1#■' ^
i
■ W-
■Ji w'
“1 - " ■a ■ '
I Two
THE PtJRDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 6, 1937
^{)e $lutbae exponent
PMHidei to IStS
M fcn t3 tK ^sodated -3 1934 ^liQoltBioeOt 1535 3„*BtSOH WISCOKSW flEPHE8ENTED roi» nationau advertibino by National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO - Boston - san Francisco Los ANGCLE8 • PORTLAND ■ \ SEATTLE
BatcMd H BBOond elass at the post office, I^Byrtt^Indian^ DeUYsrrf by Mil, aTsO p«r mni; deliYsred by earrier, $2.60 pnr year; sold by a gingle copy, t eento.
BostoaBB Phone iOSS
OFFICE!—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdne University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF E^*^Zrxr A.'Biiitte',‘ji E.'R. P. Manion, C. K Sa^M Bophotnore Aseiatanta —W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey J. A. Chapin, J.RClMk L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanbaek, D. R. Vmm BL H. KelloKK, K. E. O Neil Bold and Black Editor — ———; —— J. C. Obaver
BoEineas Manager National Adyertisinsr Manager.. Leeal AdTertUing Manager—:.. Advertising Assistants....— Circulation Manager..... Circulation Assistants........—.....
BUSINESS STAFF „ , xr , .....R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown — Miller “.■."“’’w. J. Giiiiian, R. B. Hensler, M. C. Reeves ■“■■■ _ ..... J. P. Girard F. C. Bobbins, F. T. Swain
-HI YA SLA^ES-
Mitor— AsBoeiate Editors.-
SPORTS STAFF , ; L. D. Wood "W. ii. Kffeid, & B. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
■dltor...^ Aasoeiste Editors Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF ' v, x ■■ - _...Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ■ ^Betty Barnett
issue Editor—J. C. Woodson, Jr.
War And Profit Profit! A small word but an extremely important one. Many noted authorities have stated that profit is probably the largest single cause of modern warfare. Undoubtedly one of the biggest profiteers is the munitions manufacturer whose profits are tremendous while a war is being carried on, but only moderate during peace times. With the exception of governmental propaganda as carried out in such countries as Italy and Germany, the munitions manufacturers probably have more to do with war propaganda than any other single source. The French govemment, realizing the importance of the munitions industry, is now in the process of placing all of the privately owned munitions plants in that country under goyemmental control and operation. Only factories or part? of factories actively engaged in the manufacture of munitions are effected; other phases of work are left unhindered. Under this new system the urge to enter into warfare will undoubtedly be decreased since a large portion of the profit motive will be removed. Wars will not disappear just because the profits from munitions disappear. Many other industries also profit by warfare; in fact, there is hardly any industry that does not. For instance, soldiers have to be. provided with canned foods and clothing, and large amounts of chemicals have to be used for shells, poison gases, etc. Then there is always present the hatred that certain nations hold for other nations. How important the new system of the French government will be in future peace plans remains to be seen. If their motives were financial they will probably increase the manufacture of munitions and do nothing toward furthering the cause of peace. If, on the other hand, they took over the private munitions plants with the idea of doing away with future wars they will have taken one of the largest steps toward a permanent peace that has yet been made.—C. D. S. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
DID YOU RAISE HELL OR DID YOU SLEEP ... I DID THE FORMER THE FIRST PART OF THE WEEK . . . THE SECOND WAS NECESSARY THE LATTER END OF THE VACATION .. AND YOU SAY YOU DID THE SAME . . . RIGHT .... WHAT DID I TELL YOU . . .remember I foretold that it would only be a matter of time before LOUISE SMITH gave BOBBY REID the partial gate . . . well, she slowly is coming around to it . . . . CARL PETH is her latest victim of build up (he’ll tumble too and that is coming from a veteran tumbler) . . . she claims there is nothing but a friendship . . . Neigh . . . Neigh . . . ineetings that often aren’t coincidental ... POOR CECIL .... “The Boss’ Daughter” has placed the big football hero on the shelf . . . for the present at least . . . THE HEAD MAN in little HOEPEY’S life is back in town . . that HOVOD (Harvard to you) MAN, ROGER HAGEBGECK . . . POOR ISBEL he takes an awful heatin’ from that gal even though she does let him l^lriye her pretty car ... Johnny was a chemist. But Johnny is no more. What Johnny thought was H20 Was H2S04. FIGHT ... FIGHT .. . ‘over WINNIE GREGORY . . GEORGE BELL and BOB WILEY are at it (figuratively) . . . BELL has a date with her for the DU House dance this Saturday ... WILEY has a date with her for PROM . now GEORGE would like that second date, but no sale—he didn’t ask or think about it in time . . . better luck next time GEORGE ...
Stamp Collectors To Organize stamp collectors will hold an organization meeting on April 21 in the Tippecanoe County Museum at 7th and Main stree^. An effort will be made to start a stamp club. The organization committee invites all stamp collectors.
Turkish Student To Speak A. S. Kaymak, a Turkish stu dent at the University will lecture on “Customs Of Turkey” Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock in room B of the Memorial Union Building. The lecture has been arranged under the WPA adult education pro gram and is open to students and the general public.
An bohorai’y degree is a degree .conferred on a man who proved that he could win without it.
Fraternity houses at the University of Florida lodge more than 100 mOi’e students than the doi’mitories. The fraternities have 600 men, while the dormitories have 491.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Fraternity Foolishness Fraternity freshmen, clad in soldier suits, calling out the time. Pledges, worming their way through Broadwalk crowds, carrying old hats filled with cigarettes, eggs, and toilet tissue. College men, dressed like tramps, piling into classrooms. Amusing, yes. And yet pathetic—apathetic that supposedly igrownup university students could be so utterly childish, pathetic that in this way fraternities are flouting ominous and oft-repeated warnings of “Justify yourselves—or perish.” Let’s assume that the interfratemity council is enforcing its anti-paddling, humane-treatment provisions (which is assuming a great deal) and that the unquestionably valid objections to hell week brutality have thus been removed. Still facing fraternities is the all-important, acid-test question: Does pre-initiation horseplay accomplish anything constructive ? Let’s listen to the contentions of those who rally to its support. “We went through it when we were freshmen,” objects the upperclassmen. “Fraternities have always had hell weeks.” Granted. Our parents rode in buggies. But we don’t. Neither dp we object to riding in automobiles because “people used to ride in buggies.” That simply isn’t the way of progress. Furthermore, there’s something grossly unfair about an upperclassman’s “taking it out” on a freshman in no way responsible for what the upperclassmen went through when he was a freshman. “It’s good for the freshmen. Teaches ’em to take it,” chimes in another fraternity man, attempting to justify hell-week horseplay. Certainly, though, if a man hasn’t learned by this time how to “take it,” it’s doubtful if he ever will. It’s far more doubtful if he can learn in 32 hours of hell-weeking. “It gives the freshman something to look back upon after he graduates,” is the proverbial statement made by others in their futile attempts to justify hell week. If a university graduate has nothing better to look back upon than a lot of childish horseplay, then surely he wasted his time by going to college. Is such fraternity foolishness justified? It is not.—Daily niinL
Dr. Charles H. Elliot, New Jersey commissioner of education, reports that 80 per cent of the states’ high schools are already conducting automobile-driving courses and that college? and nniyersities should folloviT suit. ^
Dr. T. H. Whitehead, assistant professor of chemistry at the University cf Georgia, claims that men and women, use cosmetic to enhance their natural attractiveness only because they have failed to find "the spring of eternal youth.”
SPEAKING IN SUPERLATIVES: The most blush-compelling words are, “And where were you when the lights went out?” . . . the most hypocritical words are, “I hate to do this but!— .... the most irritating words are, “You just don’t understand” . . . the most disillusioning words are, “Oh, THAT gal!” . . . the most pulse-throbbing words are, “You’re all I need!” . . . the most meaningless words are, “Hello, how’re tricks?” . . . the most tearjerking words are, “Goodbye and don’t forget to write” . . . the most hopeless words are, “If I had only known!” . . . the most futile words are, “No, no, a thousand times no!” . . . . and the most soul-gratifying words are, “I’m sending you a check in my next letter!” ... —Kentucky Kernel . .
REAMERS ACCOMPLISH A LITTLE SOMETHING .. .those dirty or doity things—cords—that DWIGHT “Joe College” WAIT has been wearing were stripped from his toi’so last evening by the members of this noble and time honored society at their usual bull session or meeting . . . for particulars see the feature in this issue of Ye Olde EXPONENTE... CONTRIB— WENDT with the wind! Get it? Or didn’t you take foundry either. THE PARTY .... that all are talking about is that jobby that MARJORIE SUNDVAHL held in Park Ridge during the vacation . . . some party say all that attended . . . .-and from other reports, how could anyone; have remembered to tell what kind of a party it was or wasn’t . . . HO HUM . . . and what happened to VAN NATTA and GLEN MARTIN . . . they didn’t even get ,to the party ... AND THOSE MARS PASSES ARE ITCHING TO BE GIVEN OUT AGAIN .. . VACATION WAS TOO MUCH FOR THEM BUT THERE IS A CATCH TO IT . . . THE PROBLEM . . . WHAT WILL BE DESERVING OF THEM . . . ANY SUGGESTIONS . . . YOU PEOPLES ...
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
Service _ _ OiftcB Slailonary . . *)/«ddlns InvIUUonf
PHONE ' Book., Etc.. ^’^62 8 CASSEL’S 408IKERI»
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY Buck Jones
“White Eagle” —and—: Claire Trevor and Arlene Judge “Star for a Night” -PlusCartoon
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
INDIANA ^ LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. 322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
LUMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
^ERS^nSrERTAiWMgNT
M u s Lp-v e,: L a u g h ,t e r! Grace Moore in;.her GayeV^Grandes|jP.«ci:ure one,you'U never
about/;.
Shows at 1:06, 3:66, 6:05, 8:36 Featuro at 1:60, 4:20, 6:60, 9:20
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
don’t suppose it’s necessary to report a woman stowaway aboard, sir!”
RAIN OR SHINE PURDUE STUDENTS READ EVERY LINE OF THE EXPONENT
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Family TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Double Feature
TRANKENSTEIN” KARLOFF
...CUNNING KARLOFF SEEKS YOU
WARNER OIAND BORIS KARIOFF
CHAltUfi CHAM AT THE OPERA’
Ross Allen, noted wild animal hunter of Florida, recently sent the department of biology at Lehigh University five additions to its vivarium : a southern corn snake, a red rat snake, a yellow chicken snake, an indigo snake, and a water moccasin. ,
R. J. BATH Watch Maker • 608 Main Street
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
ii
-Plus
Pete Smith’s “Wanted a Master’’ “Swing Wedding"
Cartoon in Color
Famous Stage Play
Not a Picture
kiABI
matinee & EVENING
2 Performances Only Saturday, APRIL 10
'The Noted American Star
TAYLOR HOLMES in The Nation’s Epic of the Stage—4 Years on Broadway <TOBACCO
NOW! Matinee .66—^.83—l.lO-r-l.OO
Evening .83—1.10—1.66—2.20
(TAX INCLUDED)
iPHONE 7903 for ResetwationatueBday, Apya 6,1937
THE HUBBUB EXPONENT
‘“f
Ttetti
Baseball Team Wins Four Of Six Games On Southern Trip Although beaten 6-4, by Louisiana Tech in the final game of their southern trip, the Purdue diamond squad had a successful campaign, winning four out of their six games. Opening its tour with two games against Centenary, the Boilermakers blasted out 6-4 and 8-3 wins, but lost the first of their four contests with Louisiana Tech, 8-6. Lewis, Louisiana pitcher had his fast curve ball working to perfection in this game as well as in the final game with Tech, and was the only southern twirler to beat the Gold and Black men. Following their first loss to the Techmen, the Boilermakers ran up a 13-3 score and then copped a 2-0 shutout game which was featured by the hurling of Arnold Bredewater, Purdue sophomore, who fanned 11 Tech batters. Purdue’s third sacker, Breslin, played fine ball in all of these victories. The last of the four Tech contests was featured by the slugging of the two pitchers. Bob Rosser for Purdue and Lewis for Louisiana. With the score tied 1-1 in the third inning. Bob smacked out a home run and followed in the sixth with a two-base blow that drove home two mates. Lewis added his bit to the Louisiana scoring when he hit q triple with the bases loaded.
If results are satisfactory, international broadcasts of Harvard University’s classroom lectures, begun on February 17, will continue during the coming academic years.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
PRACTICE BASEBALL
—TpDAY— Diamond 1— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 8—^Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Pi Phi. 4—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Psi Sigma Kappa. 6—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 6— Delta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu, 8— Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi. 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 10—Phi Kappa vs, Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Start Freshmen Baseball Today Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan, who has charge of freshman baseball, has issued a call for all candidates for the yearling baseball squad to report in the Armory at 4 p. m. today. The first meeting will consist of a discussion of practice for the coming season, and preliminary assignments.
Co-ed Baseball Practice Will Start Today At Four First co-ed baseball practice of the season will be held today according to an announcement made by Mary Townsend, new head of coed baseball. Two practices are necessary to participate in intra-mural games which start Monday. There will be four opportunities for practice on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday afternoons at 4 o’clock. Co-eds should be dressed and on the baseball field at 4 o’clock.
The preparing of 160,000 round, white “headache chasers” is just one of the tasks the 44 seniors in operative pharmacy at the University of Minnesota do in one year.
ADULTITAP CLASSES OPEN ENROLL NOW BEGINNER’S, WED., APRIL 7, 6:30 P. M. INTERMEDIATE, THURS., APRIL 8,9:00 P. M. ADVANCED, THURS., APRIL 8, 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLROOM CLASS OPENS TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 4:45 P. M. RATES REASONABLE PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S SIXTH AND FERRY
ielder’s.... ....choice -»By Bob Walpole ■!— Back to the grind with spring weather ahead and only a couple of more months ... a couple of more months of baseball, track, tennis, and golf from the varsity angle, and the usual run of spring sports from the intramural side . . . —fc— The Boilermaker baseball nine is back with sunburned faces and a fine record of four wins in six games played .. . under Coach Dutch Fehring the Old Gold and Black squad has left a recoi'd in the south that is superior to any Purdue team that we can recall . . . —fc— The boys have some interesting tales to tell about the southern colleges, their teams, their gals, and their hospitality . . . apparently most of them had a pretty nice week not to mention a lot of much needed practice . . . One week from today Wabash College will play host to the Boilermaker team followed by a return game the next day ... if the weather breaks so that the boys can get their regular practice, an impressive record should be the result of the 1937 season , . . —^fc— Twenty-two games remain on the Boilermaker schedule of which 12 are to be played at home . .the schedule calls for a pair of games with Indiana here followed by the same number on Indiana soil the home games will be played on the diamond on the north end of the intramural field until the new baselines near the stadium have settled . . . this may take at least a year . .
Hornberger Will Teach Beginners Swim Class L, R, Hombei^ger will ^e in charge of a class in swimming instruction for beginners, to be held at the swimming pool in the Memorial Gymnasium on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of the next few weeks at 4:00. The first meeting of the class AAdll be held today, when instruction will start, and will continue until the students have become proficient.
Students at Illinois U. yi^ho wish to drive on the campus must pass a chauffeur’s examination.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a ^ COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HAROLD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 400 Sch^tz Bldg. Phone 5701
YOUR HOME IS DUSTED AT LEAST ONCE A WEEK WHAT ABOUT YOUR MOTOR?
Some drivers boast their motors have gone 25,000—50,000—even more miles without any attention. Dust and sludge accumulate rapidly in any motor. For perfect performance it’s an absolute necessity to have your motor checked regularly, preferably every 5,000 miles. We’ll be glad to look your’s over today.
PETER ANDERSON CO.
/ 525 ALABAMA
24-Hour Service
’PHONE 4048
Football Team Of 83 Divided Into 4 Squads Thfe annual round robin series of intra-squad football games will begin today on Stewart Field, as a conclusion to spring football practice for 83 Boilermakers. The entire squad will be divided into four teams, having names of Big Ten schools, with two coaches for each squad. Each week’s practice will be divided into four quai'ters, one quarter being played each night, with each quarter lasting thirty minutes. On the fifth night there will be a football clinic game or a practice of the entire squad. At the end of the season, on May 1, there will be an intra-squad game. Squad one, coached by Staley and Graves will don gold jerseys and are to bear the name Ohio. Squad two, coached by Bell and Scinnon, will wear red jerseys and represent Wisconsin. Three, coached by Drake and Upton, will wear green jerseys for Northwestern. The fourth squad coached by Burmeister and Gift will wear black shirts and represenj Purdue.
Bob Becker, Dog Expei To Speak In Coulter Ha] Bob Becker, nationally known dog expert and authority on outdoor life, will speak April 13 in Stanley Coulter Hall on “Let’s Seek Adventure.” His appearance is being sponsored by the Forestry Club, the West Lafayette and Tippecanoe county conservation clubs, and Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary society. Becker, who is outdoor editor of the Chicago Tribune, and whose travels have taken him from Brazil to Alaska for his paper and several museums, is also the author of a number of books including “The Devil Bird” and “The Fisherman’s Guide.”
Tryouts Thursday At 4 For Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium Thursday afternoon at 4. Among the events that will be checked at that time will be the 100 yard swim, hand stand, front hand-spring, rope climb, and fence vault.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
SUBSCRIBE rO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
A
J. G. Lucek To Lead Squash Team In ’38 John Lucek, junior E. E. student, has been elected captain of the squash racquets team for 1937-38. He has been winner of the Western Squash Racquets tournament for the last two years. While playing as number one man on the University team this winter, he lost only three of his 23 matches, the number one man on the Harvard team, one of the country’s best, being among his victims. He lost his three matches to Yale, Princton, and Pennsylvania men.
Football Clinic Opens Friday The sixth annual Purdue Football Clinic, to be held here this Friday and Saturday, April 9-10, promises to present a varied and interesting program. The activities of the two-day clinic will continue from Friday morning to Saturday afternoon, with outstanding high school and college mentors to cover the various phases of practical footall in lectui-es and demonstrations. Films There will be a special showing f motion pictures taken at outstanding college games of last fall for the visitors. Separate roundtable discussions for coaches and grid officials will follow. The football coaches’ session will be in charge of Chester Hill, of Kokomo high school, while the officials will have their round table arranged by Bob Nipper, of Indianapolis, president of the Indiana Officials’ Association. A dinner for the visiting coaches and officials will be given Friday night in the Union, with Keith Crown, of Horace Mann high school, Gary, president of the Indiana High School Coaches’ Association, acting as toastmaster. Dr. E. C. Elliott will officially welcome the visitors to the University.
Femmes at Augustana College, S. D., sell mimeographed ‘reputations’ of fellows as they are doped out at their date-hashing session.s
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone ^450 1622 East Main
Fraternity BasebaU Get» —— Under Way Interfratemity baseball will get under way this afternoon, with 20 teams playing their first practice games starting at 4:15 on the diamonds on Intramural Field. Today’s and tomorrow's games will all be practice matches. The usual plan will be followed in regard to the schedule. The ten or twelve weaker teams will play in a separate league, with the two best going to the finals. The other squads will cofnpete in another league, of which six teams will participate in the finals. Ground Rules The following ground rules will be in force: ball goirig through or over fence is good for two bases only. Ball landing in infield of another diamond is good for two bases only. Catcher’s equipment and scorebook can be checked out at the intramural check room. The winning squad will receive a team trophy and individual medals, with a small team trophy going to the winners of the lower section. Fifty participation points will be given for entering, points being deducted for forfeits.
One hundred per cent of the engineers who graduated from the University of Detroit last June are now employed, according to Ralph R. Johnson, industrial co-ordinator.
KEYS Key* lor tronks, door locka, dMk locks, lught latekes and paailackak Auto ke:rs and handle locka a sp*-' cialW. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
"C.” CARTER for Keys, Locks, Bicycles^ Bnbber Stampa GENERAL REPAIRING state & Main, W, Lafayatta 2291—PHONE—2291
The thinkinar fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenser any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
SPRING FINERY CLEANED RIGHT
Now that Spring is here, light colored clothes are worn... and light clothes must be cleaned with greater care. Our employees are trained to give your garments the greatest consideration and service. Send your Spring clothes to us.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Most Modem PUmt**
222 NORTH
’PHONS 4m
’IPage Four
4^% !v5i|"'!t^p.’-”(H-fi»Tr W'*-' i^?''?7 pi^4'yT')r'f"',5ff'"'<^R‘fi" THE PUHHUE EXPONENT
?,a " «j (r( i>^'i!i'»w p -1 i, p’’
Tues^^A^16rl9|7
Taylor Holmes As 'Jeeter Lester'
‘Tobacco Road’ To Appear At Mars Theater Saturday
Fe\\ pla^s in the entiie histoiy of the Ameiican theatie have leceived a'l heal tv iiidoisement fiom liteiai\ celebiities as thataccoided “Tobacco Road,” Jack Kixkland’s diaina, vhich is coming to the Mars Theatie foi two peifoimances, matinee and evening, next Satuiday, V jth Tavloi Holmes as the stai Such men as Theodoie Dieisei, Geoise Jean Nathan, Alexandei Woolcott, Maic Connelly, Call Van Doien, Gilbert Seldes, Brooks Atkinson, and Stalk Young have wiitten to commend the play as an authentic poitiayal of life among the penniless share-croppers of Georgia. Dreiser Comments “I considei it the best play I have seen in some years,” said Theodore Dieisei “It IS honest and forceful realitj and presents many of the inteiesting sections of contemporary American life which larely or never finds its way outside its own territory. When it does so it constitutes a valuable contiibution not only to the stage but to general enlightenment . . . ‘Tobacco Road’ is a rare and moving drama and deserves the
Pulitzei prize ”
“It IS not only an honest and deeply moving play,” said Marc Connelly, authoi of “Green Pastuies,” “but it IS alive with the tragic leality of that cornei of America
it chronicles ”
“Deep, Tragic Beauty” In a leview in Vanity Fair Geoige Jean Nathan wrote, “It is a theatrical document often deep with tragic beauty and ovei toned with elements of the bitter beauty hiding in the womb of ugly truth ” Carl Van Doien pionounced ,it, “one of the most powerful, moving and salty pieces of comedy ever produced m the United States.” In an issue of Esquire, Gilbert Seldes wrote, “ ‘Tobacco Road’ deserved the Pulitzer prize ” Sixten colleges and univeisities, among them Purdue, Princeton, the University of Pennsylvania, Northwestern, and the University of Washington, use the published ver-
Classifie.d Ads.
Good Metal Typewriter Stand— L C Smith typewiitei ( a good, up to date (one) Tuxedo suits Back numbei magazines, Ic to 5c each Books, lots of them Mooie’s Colonial Maiket, 220 Noith Fifth stieet Wanted—Roommate to share a double loom Mrs Cassidy, 422 N. Salisbuiy stieet
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
A U of Iowa pi of who planned to go on a bobsleighing paity with students had to stay home because his mother wouldn’t let him go She claimed “such a party is not dignified enough for a college teachei.”
Portable Victrola—^And records, library tables, card tables, practically new, electric coffee percolatorEt. Tuxedo suits, min^ors, back number magazines Ic to 6c each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after t p.
General Chemistry Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Buildingr at 1 p. m April 10 Applications must be made at the fieshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7 —ALLEN, HASS, TEST Agricultural Engineering Conditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in A G 22 for suiveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building dt 1 o clock April 10 Applications must be made in same building before spring recess —SPENCER
Farm Management Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions In Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p m —MAUCH.
Physics lb—A condition examination wili be given April 10 at 1 p m in room 2 of the Physics Budding —SHERMAN
Gala Week Committee—Meeting 4 pm. Apiil 6 in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Attendance compulsory —BLACK
PEW Life Saving—Class will meet Apiil 6, at 7 30 p m —RUSSELL
PEW —Registration for spring teim activities continues April 6 fiom 9 to 12 a m and from 2 to 6 p m Regulai class work except life-saving will begin April 8 —HAZELTON
Festival Day—Will the following girls report to the Women s Gym April 6 at 4 p m June Young Gaby Roe Eileen DeVault Pauline George, Mary M Helm, Alice Harrington Elizabeth Barmes —SMALL
Home Economics Girls—Tickets foi the dinner on April 7, at 6 p m are on sale at the main office of the Home Economics Building —MURPHY
PEW. Horseback Riding Classes—All students registering for horseback riding
Plenty of Reasons for using CROWN CLEANING
—more economy —better protection for clothes (Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth proofed) —improved personal appearance Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
report April 7 at 4 00 p m at Women’s Gymnasium for important announcement and final assignments to class —HAZELTON
Purdue Peace Committee—The Purdue Peace Committee meets on April 6 at 7 30 p m in loom A of the Memorial Union Budding —BIEBEL
Coast Guard Acadamey—A sound motion picture describing the work of the U S. Coast Guard and of the Coast Guard Academy will be shown at Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p m on April 6 All students interested especially those desiring appointments to the U S Co Vbt Guard Academy are invited to attend —HAYl ORD
Union Workers—Will the following report to the Union office at 6 p m April 7 Martin B M Mytinger Cox Jones Jarvis Hulvei shorn Diffley Didier Dean Daley, Martin J M Callison, Henry, Patterson, Billings, Fleig, Hewitt, Millei, DuVal Rhyneaison, Stocker Woods, Lemon Soon Fowler Ciral Hopkins Schumaker, and Craig —RIETH
Zouaves—Meeting April 7 at 4 p m in the Armory —WINTER
Newman Club—Important meeting in room D of the Union Budding at 4 46 p m April 6 —CARTON
Flying Club—Meeting in room B of the Memoiial Union Building April 7 at 7 p m Important meeting of Class A membership holders —SMriH
Alpha Zeta—Meeting April 6 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building —HARDIN
W A A Tumbling—Important practice April 0 at 7 p m Please note change of time —COOK
W A A Intramural Managers—Meeting to discuss spring sports at 6 p m April 6, in the W A A office Intra-mural managers and heads of spring sports are required to attend -SHAFFER
Senate—Important meeting in room A of the Union 7pm April 6 —MARTIN
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting at DU house at 7 p m April 6 —WAITE
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all members in room D of the Memorial Union Building April 7 at 7 sSO p. m —MERRIAM
Union Committeea—Our committees report to the Union workshop at 4 p m on April 7 STALLINGS, REID, SCA'TTERDAY, WEIGANDT, PFORZHEIMER
Union Committees—Our committees report to the Union office at 4 p m April 7. —PUTZE, SHEETS
Freshman Baseball—All candidates meet in Armoiy at 4 p m , April 6. No equipment necessary —DOAN.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Guy Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry
Sion of the play as extra-cun icular 1 eading in the English departments
SCHOMER’S Radio Service 218 N. 8th Phone 4958
Enough etiquette to start students out on a conciete road to socialsmoothness IS being offered in weekly lessons at the University of Minnesota.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Instiuctoi F. F Smith at the Northeast Center of Louisiana State U believes m expanding students’ vocabularies. Each week he lequiies his English classes to learn 18 new woids.
Membeis of two Santa Ana Jun101 College English classes voted that they would rathei meet Cleopatia than any othei famous woman
in histoiy
I,
“It’s leally much shoiter in
amese,” is the modest comment of the owner of the longest surname at Harvard University, Kaisui Nim-
manahaeminda I G B
Financial difficulties in 1892 kept the University of Wichita from becoming the Vassar of the West
Lois Giegei, a swingstiess a:t the University of Buffalo, is organizing an “All-Gal” dance oichestra
*‘S-8hh! We want this to be a surprise.’
w Philip Merivale says: throaf s grateful for Luckies —a light smoke^^
•*In one of the first important parts I did in America, the play called for a long and very trying individual perform^ ance. In every scene for five full acts I was on stage talking almost continue ously* The strain made it imperative that I safeguard my throat and voice. After trying different brands of cigarettes, I came across Luckies. They stood the test and for many years now Pve enjoyed them. I like the taste of Luckies and my throat is grateful for a light smoke.**
A.1
.n independent survey was made recently
among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated
they personally prefer a light smoke.
Mr. Merivale verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. ThaPs why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process ''It’s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— ”THE CREAM OF THE CROP’»
A Light Smoke Toasted^’-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Vii
/
Copyright 1937. The Amerieen Tobacco Compur