, ^}. ^ »V '‘\^^ f ; ( H1 r> / r ^ *■ ■= ^ 1 \ “* '* «.!’ V ^1 . ‘ , I'.. V'r ’ „ ^ ^ ^ k s.\ i ~ " , V *i- - ' i i > '’^ “
\i ;v ^if^Kfr
: MGR SAYS t ’ Pork Flood i But Klo "Holiday'^ Rationing
Established 1889
9 Lost: One Ratio
' ‘ "'%< ’^E""’">aM^ 4 f 'f
■ '//Pi’* ■ '-’tf
EDIT SAYS I
Don't Pfay Follow The
Leader At Games
Volume 56, No. 100
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, }anuary 11, 15144
Selective Service Chanses Student Dra^ Status
Student Groups Plan War Survey student War Effort Infarmation Survey, sponsored by the Student Senate in collaboration with the War Council, will be started in a few days, according to Bob Adler, chairman of the committee in charge. The survey to be given to all men on the campus, will cover three it^ms: their war work,, such as working at USO or the ration board; information on
/
Ag Conferences To Continue
F. Eastwood Gives Talk Addresses Industrial Recreational Clinic Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, professor of industrial recreation at the University, delivered the keynote address before the opening session of the Industrial Recreation Clinic held in Philadelphia January 6 and 7. The two day clinic was sponsored by the University of Pennsylvania, the Chamber of Commerce and Board of Trade of Philadelphia, in cooperation with the university and Philadelphia Safety Council. Industrial recreation should be “^n economical organizational method of providing more recuperative activities for workers’ leisure time,” according to Dr. Eastwood. He declared that industrial recreation is a necessity physiologically,
psychologically and sociologically, ^akes may be ihcluded in the
and that the program of activities /.
should provide an assortment of recreation for all diverse interests. Eastwood also described methods of initiating and administering a properly supervised program, and submitted a suggested score card for evaluating industrial recreation. Manhole Swallows
Service Man
their past activities, and a questionnaire on the national issue of service men voting. Survey blanks ^ will be distributed through houses and barracks by Senate workers. Completed questionnaires may be returned by placing them in any campus mailbox, or bfinging them to the west desk of
the Union.
Midwest Campuses
May See V-12 Show
After Record Here
According to the production staff, “Scuttlebutt and Brine” was a success. The V-12 show broke attend-i* ance records for the Music Hall, over
6200 people being present.
There exists a possibility that the musical farce may tour other V-12 campuses in the midwest. Indiana University, the University of Illinois, Northwestern University and
Unwary
Toting Milk Bottles While wending" his weary way homeward, burdened with a large box of milk bottles for his buddies, one unwai’y marine last week end forgot to look for the hidden dangei's of the city. Stepping juantily along, listening to the merry clink of milk bottles, what dangers could befall this lad? But even as we ruminate the marine disappears from view. Ten feet down and two seconds later the marine dazedly gazed up at the stars that shone through the round hole where the manhole cover had been. Only three bottles of milk had broken, but the marine had received as thorough a milk shower as Cleo-
piatra ever did.
Women To Discuss Part In War Effort At Ag Conference “Home Economics Day,” planned for women attending the Agriculture Conference, will be Thursday. Following thp business meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association the women wil Ispend some time discussing what they and other woi^en are doing in the war effort. Speakers during the war effort discussion will include Mrs. GerWude Hamaker, who will tell of teaching weaving to war veterans at Billings Hospital; Judge W. L. Phrkinson, describing “Problems in Delinquency and Some Solutions”; and Miss Ethel Nice, who will speak about home economics club menfbers and the food market. Tuesday’s program for women at the conference will contain a meeting devoted to home food production and conservation, and Wednesday morning the use of dried eggs and various war-time foods will be discussed and explained.
itinerary.
Photographs taken Saturday afternoon are to be published in several mid-western newspapers and also have been sent to top picture
magazines.
Two Former Stars Meet In Combat Zone Of Solomons Two former University football stars, both now marine fighter pilots, met recently in a combat zone in the northern Solomons. They were First Lieutenant Dave Rankin of Warsaw and First Lieutenant Jack R. Brown of Indianapolis. Lt. Rankin played varsity end for three years and Brown played halfback on the same team. They met accidentally in a pilots’ camp on an island in the south Pacific. Rankin had just returne|d from his first tour of duty and Brown was awaiting orders for active duty. “The last time I saw Dave,” commented Lt. Brown, “was in the AllStar game at Soldiers’ Field in 1940, when he was chosen captain of the all-star game. Between halves we both signed the most important document of our lives. We signed our enlistment papers with the United States Marine Corps.” YWCA Explains New Functions For Year YWCA held an open meeting at 4 p. m. January 7. Committee heads explained the functions of their respective committees and outlined genei'al policies of the organization for the coming year. Some of the pi’ojects that will be undertaken will be an organization of girl employees on the campus, more discussions on personal problems of the girls and joint discussions of other organizations of international affairs.
Notice
Mr. E. E. DeCamp of the Western Electric Company, Chicago, will have a group meeting in room 108, Mechanical Engineering Building, at 4 p. m. Thursday, January 13. He will show a moyie pertaining to company activities. All interested junior and senior civilian students are invited to at-
tend.
Editor, World Wide Traveler To Speak On Latin America John Strohm, world traveler and managing editor of the Prairie Parmer, will speak in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building tomorrow evening at 8 p. m. on “Latin American Presidents and Peons.” The meeting is open to the public. Strohm is the author of a recent book, “I Lived with Latin Americans,” now in second printing; several months, ago he traveled 26,000 miles in 20 of the Central and South Arperican countries. His lecture will be illustrated with colored pic-, tures. The speaker, who has written many stories about university activities, is sponsored by the Pan-Amer-ican Club of Lafayette, the Women’s Club and the University Club. ASME To See Three Reel Film Of Fortresses “Fortresses in the Sky,” a motion I^icture 'featuring the Boeing Plying Fortress, will be shown at the next meeting of ASME, to be held at 7:30 p. m. January 12 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. This three-ieel color film covers the origin, development and performance of the huge bomber. The picture was photogi-aphed at Boeing’s plants and at the advanced ti'aining centers of the U. S. Army air forces. In addition to the film Staff Sergeant Malone and Corporal Mitchell, ASTP trainees who have had actual experience with the Flying Portress, will lead a short discussion of the film and answer any questions. Playshop Announces Final Cast Tryouts For Next Production Finhl tryouts for “Philadelphia Story,” Playshop’s next production, will be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Any interested student may still take his preliminary tryout today or Wednesday, according to Carl Cass, director. A registered list of students who have previously tried out and are recommended for finals will be posted in Fowler Hall today. Cass especially urges men to come out for dramatics, since many male parts will be available. Anyone interested in crews may come to the office and sign up any afternoon from 1 to 5. Playshop offers expedience in working on lights, makeup, carpentry, costumes, painting, business or usher-
ing.
SCA To Hold Dance In Union Next Friday Student Cooperative Association |vill hold an informal dance in rooms 356 and 363 of the Union Friday night, January 14, from 8:30 to 11. Recorded music will be provided and admission will be free to SCA members and guests. Member.s may come stag. Dr, C. E, Baker ... of the University horticulture department was in Quincy, 111., on Monday, January 10, addressing the Illinois Horticulture Society on the emergency container situation.
Corn Show Opens Series Despite war restrictions the annual University Agricultural Conference will continue this year in skeletonized form; arrangements have not been made for any general planned program or lectures. Out-of-town attendance will be limited to representatives of the associations meeting because of travel restrictions; however the local public is welcome. First on the program in the fortnight of ag conferences is the 1944 Indiana Corn Show, which is being held in the west faculty lounge of the Union from January 10 to 13. Connected with the corn show is the annual 4H club show, giving 4H members an opportunity to show their corn projects of 1943. Judging will be based on four general classes: ten ears, single ear, shelled seed corn and ten ears of the produce of hybrids. Indiana hybrid seed corn producers will hold their annual meeting, a streamlined version of the former two-day conference;" Thursday, January 13, in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Program Outlinjed “Evaluating Rural Youth Accomplishments and Planning for the Future” is the theme of the eighth annual state rural youth meeting, which is being held today in the Union, as a part of the agricultural conference. Yesterday district and state officers of the rural youth organization met and outlined a general program for 1944. Speakers addressing the one-day meeting include H. J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture; Warren O’Hara of the ^Farm Bureau, and Dr. Howard McClusky of the University of Michi-
gan.
University agiicultural alumni and 'former students will attend their annual dinner meeting tonight, a feature of the conference. A maximum of 350 guests will attend the dinner, a fish fry. The program includes presentation of awards for outstanding contributions toward the advancement of scientific agriculture and a speech by Dr. John Hannah, president of Michigan State College. Forum to Be Held Beekeepers ^iH hear John M. Amos, University graduate and agriculturist, discuss the relation of honey plants to proper apiary management and supering for swarm control and maximum production at the meeting today. Amos will also lead a forum discussion on the war time problems of beekeepers. Other speakers will include James Starkey, chief apiary inspector of Indiana, Lois Obei-helman and B. Elwood Montgomery of the University staff. H. J. Link, president of the State Beekeepers’ Association, will preside. Today the State Poultry Association will meet, as will the farm management course and the eight weeks course in shorthorn methods. » Wednesday polled Shorthorn breeders, sheep breeders, polled Hereford breeders, milking Shorthorn breeders, the Hereford Association county agents and draft horse bleeders will hold meetings in the L^nion. On Friday the hybrid seed growers will meet, as will the cuirent farm products meeting. Mudball i just came back to view ye olde campusse and see whats cooking at purdue and'lo and behold the students arent wearing saddle oxfords and galoshes anymore thingSjgoing along pl'etiy much the same as they did and it looks like they will continue going along yea purdue —MUDBALL ’41
Eighth Conference Will Open For Pest Control Operatdrs The eighth annual regional conference of commercial pest control operators will take place at the University January 17 to 20, with J. J. Davis, head of the Purdue entomology department, in charge. Advance registration indicates a large attendance with operators from 20 or more states and several from Canada attending. A highlight of the conference will, be the annual dinner on January 19, with President Edward C. Elliott presiding as toastmaster and Dr. Frank R. Hall of the history, government and economics department as the guest speaker. As in years past the conference will include discussions and demonstrations of the latest developments in household pest control. Among the topics are insect fundamentals, fumigation, rats and mice, termites, chemistry of insecticides and special war problems. Problems affecting the health and well being of civilian war workers and those in the armed forces will be stressed. Dr. C. Schuck To Attend Rally At 8 Thursday Dr. Cecilia Schuck, head of the dietetics option; Miss Irene Feldt, head of the placement service for women, and 16 coeds in the dietetics option will attend the dieticians’ rally in the northern headquarters of the American Legion in Indianapolis Thursday evening at 8. Purpose of this meeting, sponsored by the Indiana Dietetic Association in cooperation with the United States-Army, is to desci’ibe the important duties of an army dietetics officer. First speaker on the program will be Lt. Col. Gerald Tersley, medical officer from the surgeon general’s office in Washington, D. C., who will discuss “Army Hospital Organization.” Also on the program IS Maj. Helen C. Burns, dh'ector of army dieticians, whose subject will be “Army and the Dieticians.” Following these talks the latest U. S. Army dieticians’ uniforms will be modeled. “On Your Own” and “Calling All Dieticians” are two shoi't movies from official Army restricted films to be shown during the program. Also Corp. Alfred Martin, wounded veteian from the Walter Reed Hospital, will tell of his combat services. An informal discussion, question and answer period will conclude the program. South Hall Captures Laurels In Recent , WAA Volley Tourney South Hall volleyball team won the championship game of the intramural tournament for the 1943 season on December 23 in the Women’s Gym; Pi Beta Phi placed second. Members of the winning team are Joan Walter, Jean Brackman, Barbara Walter, Shirley Eldridge, Sara Goetze, Mai'ge Anson, Martha Carnes, Marge Hinton, Dorothy Egner, Elaine Eldridge and Laurie
Wear.
Other teams which took part in the tournament were Delta Gamma (which placed third). North Hall, Wood Hall, Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Ward I, Ward II, Ward III, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta and Phi Mu. The girls are given 6 WAA points for each game played. The championship team receives 25 points, second place team 10 points. Anyone who earns 1000 points is awarded a gold “P”.
Directive Places All On New Basis Regulations under which University male students 18 years of age and over will be deferred from service in the armed forces have been changed by a new directive which was issued from the National Headquarters of the Selective Service System recently and will become effective February 15. Changes affect all students except those graduating on or before July 1 of this year and .
those deferred for reasons other than pursuing a course of study. In effect, all students vyilhbe placed on a quota basis, with only a certain number of students being on a deferred basis here at any specified time. It must be emphasized that the July graduates and students deferred for physical reasons do not count in this
quota.
Compilation Being Made At the present time a compilation
Meeting To Hear Music Stewarf Will Conduct Song Leader Class Agricultural conference, which
began yesterday, will not be with-
out musical entertainment this
is being made from information to -week. Several programs have been be gathered from the various engi- planned for specific meetings by Alneering schools and the science bert P. Stewart, director of musical
schools of the number of students organizations,
in the various years of study. This This'afternoon Stewart will con-
information when compiled will be ^
sent to Washington and the Uni- conference in the stu-
dios of the Hall of Music. Song
versity’s quota determined from that. Information on the extent of
leaders from over the state will be
the quota should be available in ap- ^he meeting. In the eve-
proximately two weeks.
ning at the rural youth dinner which
The number of students to be de- held in the First Methodist
Church Stewart will direct group singing accompanied by Bill Luhman on the piano. Further entertainment on the program wiU be provided by Don Edwards, marine
courses the number allotted to each ventriloquist, and Dorothy Martin,
ferred by reason of their course of study after July 1 will be 10,000 for the entire United States. With an estimated 800 colleges and universities teaching specialized
school will necessarily be small, al
though allotments will be made ac-
cording to the size of the college. Undergoing Reclassification At the present time students reg-
istered under the local draft board are undergoing reclassification, according to Executive Dean F. C. Hockema, so that all students who do not come under the quota when the new regulations go into effect will be inducted according to the
board’s schedule.
Students graduating before July 1 will receive 30 days additional time in which to become engaged in the practice of their profession in
accompanist for the Purduettes. Perform Again at Fish Fry Edwards and Miss Martin will perform later in the evening at the Agricultural Engineering Building for the Ag alumni fish fry. ^ Also scheduled to perform in the evening for the agriculture econoihics ban-* quet, which will be held in the Home Economics Building, is a piano dpp composed of Dorothy McKinstray and Phyllis Grams. Wednesday at the Shropshire dinner, which will be given at Biltz’s, Eddie May Nelson, former soloist for the University, will play the
war production or in support of the violin with her partner, an accorwar effort. Subsequent..deferment dion player. ,^The program will inmust be obtained by the respective elude Phil Erickson, AST and a forcompany under the national roster mer member of the Make Believers of scientific and specialized person- team. Stewart again will lead
nel.
(See SELECTIVE, page 4)
Seed Corn Producers
Will Hear Disease, Grading Discussions Indiana hybrid seed corn produc-
ers will hold their annual meeting
Thursday in the east faculty lounge Music. Music of^ Russia, Mexico,
group singing, accompanied by Luh-
man.
Miss Nelson, Stewart and Luhman will entertain in the evening also at the vegetable growers’ meeting, which will be held in the home
economics cafeteria.
Allied Nations Music by Ecs “Music of Allied Nations,” compiled by Stewart, will be presented Thursday by the Indiana home economics chorus after a sack luncheon, which will be held in the Hall
of the Union. This one day meeting has been arranged by the hybrid seed producers committee of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association
China, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, England and the United States will he presented. Costumes of the various nations will be modeled by mem-
and is a streamlined version of the chorus. Approximately
150 women, representing about 20
counties, will sing.
former two-day conference. The program will open with a
panel discussion of the corn borer and disease situation by the University staff members and seed growers. Dr. Miles, K. E. Beeson and M. 0. Pence of the University staff will speak on results of 1943
tests.
O. E. Bolin of the University of Illinois will discuss inbred performance and improvements. “Grading, Tagging and Systematizing Seed House Work” will be the topic of a c|iscussion by C. F. Bowman of the Seed Certification Service. The meeting will be concluded by a round table discussion of special problems piesented by the seed producers. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . national honor fraternity, announces the election of Norman Strauss as vice chancellor and Richard Ableson as scribe and the pledging of six new men: Leon Simon, South Bend; Stan Dumas, Vincennes; Julius Wishnia, Louisville; Gary Born, New York City; Irwin Lazarus and Stuart Eisman, Chi-
cago.
Handbook Cover Design Contest Begins Today Student Senate will hold a contest starting today to find a new cover design for the Student Handbook to be issued in March. All students are eligible to submit sketches to the Senate oflBce on 8%xll drawing paper. The deadline is Januaiy 28 for the submissions. Prizes will be given. The first prize is $5, the second ?2 and the third $1. The sketches will be judged by Miss Wallace, assistant University editor, and the co-chairmen' in charge of the new handbook. Notice Army Air Corps cadet screening tests will be administered on January 11 at 7:30 p. m. The examinations will be given at regimental headquarters to all ASTa and AST reserves who are inters ested in air crew training*
IK)
I
Ir iPurduS Exponent
Tuesdayi January 111 1944
n
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent Offices: iditorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone Z792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Bnslneis Manai^er JJeiTS Editor Msnoirinsr Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murph; Mary Dilts William H TysoP Carolyn Wilbur Raimond J Smith Russisll M Eipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Grotnes lamC'i T Richardson Maigarct Y btoifes Jame Ack rman Trinl VcRh 1 hi Ills Mam Maltha Lee RiKIts knt\ Hones ^ „ t Associate ‘Sports Editors James 1 Acltimin Paul Gaiber Willian Garber Warren C Wrmht Service Staff Morns Better Gabriel Elias Leo Friedman Jack Miitire )n> Newman Jtirj Koetting Bob Baker Business Staff Adtertismg- Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Mancy Circulation Manager R G Sauerman Staff For This Issue Night Editor Mann Daj Editor PagliaruU Citj Editor Georgeson • Issue Editor Martii bports Editor P Garber Reporters Van Licuw Gregory Bayne Garrett Rippttoe Yai-gar Tiiescb irg P Richardson Goetz Biassic Gratza Lee Rostnleis Miller Goodwill Wceincr Roth Staff Photographer W C Tolber Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act ot Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectfor 1103 act of Oc ober 3 191 authorized Tanuary 20 1922 Publiched on 1 uosoa^ Thursday and Saturday niomings dur i ing the year excel t certain eacaton periods Delivered dail5| ly carrier for '^1 2a for s mester by mail for $1 60 for t sen c«tcr Subsci iptions m ly he obtained at the Exponent! office or at the West De^k of the Union , * , Represei ted ft r i ational advertising by National Advertis k mg Seiiiee Inc College Publisheis Representatives dJi} Madison A\e New York N Y
Why The Hurry? . . . It has been said that the American public is^ always in a hinij-, and the spectators at Boilei maker atUetic events seem to be no exception This w as hi ought only too forcibly to attention Saturday night at the Indiana game when, e\eii befoie the twelve-minute sign Was flashed on the scoreboard m the second halt, membeis of the audience who wanted to see the game in Fieldhouse were being bothered 01 peisoiib I ed to leave. Most of uhe disiuption piobably was caused by the fact that the Navy show was scheduled 11 che Music Hall follow mg the game, and bec 'se the game wasn’t too close, some spectatci s came to the conclusion that seats in the Music Hall would be fai more comfoitable Altei lationahzmg, there was only one answer ■—bO get out of the Fieldhouse as soon as possible Too man> people ai e like sheep in that they 1 ke to pia\ follow the leadei, by the time the seien-miniiLe sign was flashed on the board, there w ac a continuous stieam of foimei spectatoi s of the basketball game ti j mg then best to become tutuie spectatois of the Navy show imitating otheis who weie leaving early Theie is nothing morally wrong with leaving a spotting e\ent before it is finished The spectators ha\e all paid for the right to atteiul, and aie prnileged to leave when they w ish Howe\ ei, in many cases, it surely does not denote good sportsmanship Fust there is the matter of common, ordinal y coui tesy to the players Even if the game isn’t as mteiesting as some have been in the past, the ten men on the hardwood play just as haid and just as long as m games which aie talked about foi w^eeks Second, there is the matter of couitesy to fellow spectators Theie aie a lot of people who like to watch any game mamh foi the game’s sake, and not foi the emotional thi ill found only m a “game for the books” Let’s keep Saturday night an exception Theie is raoie to being a good sport—a Boilermaker—than meiely shaking the hand ot an opponent after the game —j t r 'Bell Bottom Trousers' The last act was better than the first, and the second act appioached the professional, as a whole “Scuttlebutt and Brine” was tumult of the well stacked vaiiety Theie, for the benefit ot you men w'ho collect clippings, is oui modest opinion Fiom oui seat in the last row ot the second balcony, the subtlety of the most subtle joke was appieciated So were the censoied ones, obtained via the grape\ me However, some of the stuff sounded as though an anthology of Ameiican humoi had been \iolated in a frantic seaich i dialogue A polite ^ xudience was lepaid foi itstiouok b\ . ly amazing display of local talent m tin second pait The take-off on Lt Hamilton’s speech was cleverly done, and it jw t gof 1 to show that nothing is held sacred ciiound heie, even by ti adition-drowned Navy men The imitations, oiigmal ballads at the jnano and the \entiiloquist tried hard at outdoing Cc ch othei, w hile the band (which could make rnonev gn ing jive lessons) added to the gcneial liasco We ventuie to state that the Na\y suiely piohted iiom a lew Aimy and civilian mistakes made on the Music Hall stage in the past —rn y s
^ VttSHIHfiTOH l
tm U S P<l Oil.
University Calendar
All Day All Day All Day 7 30 PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M All Day 8 00AM 7 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM All Day 3 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 P M 8'00 P M 6 30 PM 7 30 P M 8 00 PM 7 30 PM 9 00 PM
Tuesday, January 11
Ruial Youth Meeting Memorial Ugion Agiicultural Conference Memoiial Union Coin Show W Faculty Lounge, Union Glider Club Meeting Room 203, Union Christian Science Oiganization W Recept Room, Union Indiana Ruial Youth Piogiam & Faity Memoiial Gym
Wednesday, January 12
AgricultUial Conference Memoiial Union Soil Conseivation Meeting Towei, Union Manufactuieis Assn of Lafayette Eliza Fowlei Hall Maiiiage Couise Lecture Room 102, Education Bldg South Ameiican Club E Faculty Lounge, Union ASME Meeting Rm 108 ME Building
Thursday, January 13
Agiicultuial Confeience Memoiial Union Screen Review Hall of Music AIEE Meeting Rm 103, Physics Building Navy Giaduation Eliza Fowlei Hall Soe of Piof Engmeeis Room 263, Union
Friday, January 14
Alpha Zet-a Speech Contest Assembly Rm , Ag Hall Basketball—Minnesota Fieldhouse Student Co op Dance Rooms 35B 363, Union
Saturday, January 15
Basketball—Minnesota Fieldhouse Dance South Balhoom, Union
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
Federal Telephone & Radio Corp , Newark, N J—Jan 13,1944 Inteiested m E E and M E Sign m Per
they have debated lemovmg poik from sonnel Office by 2 p m Jan 12
Notices
lationmg, but ran into so much piospeetive grief Western Electric Co, Chicago, 111 that they gave it up Foi if housewives could buy pork —Jan 13 and 14 Interested in without stamps they would use then stamps foi beef ME, EE physicists, Ch E and and buttei, which are still shoit Oi if OPA tied the Met E Sign in Pei sonnel Office by points to the piodiict, making sepaiate stamps foi 5 p m Wednesday Jan 12 Theie
would be outcues fiom diffeient gioups, such as Jew- ME Building at 4 p m Jan 13, ish people who ban poik wheie a movie will be shown to all Conclusion is that the lation books must be left inteiested lunioi and senioi civil
alone and the only way to solve the bounty problem lans
IS to make Fedeial puichases heaviei and move them’ General Electric Company, Sche moie lapidly nectady N Y—Jan 17 and 18 In Aimy puichases of beef weie extiemely heavy m terested m ME, EE and Met E the beef months of Septembei thiough Novembei Sign m Pei sonnel Office by 3 p m
Lend Lease puichases of poik aie giqiwing heavy and Jan 16
will hold up thiough the “hog Iun ’ now flooding the Edwin L Wiegand Co, Pitts muket buigh—Jan 29 oi Feb 5 Intel But this does not always take the meat out of stoi ested m E E oi ME Sign m Pei ige Lend Lease shipments to Russia can be made sonnel Office by Satuiday, Jan 15 only when Russia IS leady to eat the poik since they National Malleable and Steel have no storage space Biitain on the other hand, can Castings Co Meliose Paik and Chi stole poik and is taking shipments fastei than the cago. 111 Inteiested in Met E , Ch
late ot use
With livestock pioduction high, and submaime sink mgs low moie beef and poik aie getting to Allied fighting foices oveiseas than evei befoie
Capital Chaff
New Yorks Red Cioss Blood Donation Centei le ceived a call fiom the secietaiy of a piominent busi ness man saying Sony but he won’t be able to keep that appointment foi blood donation A few minutes latei, the man himself called and said he would be theie as scheduled In the inteival he had leceived a telegiam fiom the Wai Depaitment saying his son was killed in action “I don’t think my boy would want
me to miss that appointment he said
E , M E and E E Date of visit to be announced Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Monday Ian 17 These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie inteiested m students for
ci^iployment
Republic Aviation Corp (Indi ana Division), Evansville 9, Ind — Inteiested m AeE C E oi ME Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Wednes
day Jan 12
Colonial Radio Coi p, Buffalo 7,
,, ,, ^ ^ ^—Inteiested in E E , M E and (Copyiight 1911 by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc ) physicists Sign in Peisoiinel Ot
flee by Thuisday, Jan 13
Webstei Electric Co , Racine Wis —Inteiested m E E Sign m Peisonnel Office by Thursday, Jan 13 U S Industrial Chemicals, Inc, New Yoik, N Y —Interested m Chemists oi Ch E Sign in Pei son
nel Office by Fiiday, Jan 14
I • e lA/ Standard Oil Company oi Indi Lewis t. Werner ana, Whitmg Ind—inteiested m loimei membci of the vaisity basketball team, BS oi M S in M E and VE It was leccntly appointed a Naval Aviation Cadet and a sufficient numbei sign up, a lep was tiansleiied to the Naval An Tiaining Centei, lesentative may visit the campus Pensacola, ria , foi mteimediate flight tiaming Upon Sign in Peisoniiel Office by Fnday, the completion of this intensive couise. Cadet Weinei Jaii 14 will leceive the wings of a Naval Aviatoi, and will be I-^ear Avia, Piqua 0 —Inteiested commissioned an Ensign in the Naval Reseive oi a m ME and EE Sign m Peison Second Lieutenant in the Mai me Coips Reseive ncl Office by Monday, Jan 17 If
HAlin SHIIIMAH FSODUtligi'S
j ' iTAflumc UiCHARD ARIEN' ARUNE JUDGE A PARAMOUNT flC^URf ^ - <
— ALSO — CHAPTER ONE "lUNIOR G-MEN OF THE AIR" — Sf^rrihg — THE LITTLE TOUGH GUYS EAST SIDE KIDS — plus — CARTOON
merry-gq-rouhd
ty DREW fEARSON ' ^
Army To Close" Pilof Schools; Dry Cleaning Heads Priorities In Rus-
sia; Little Pigs To Market
WASHINGTON—Geneial Ainold^did not say so irt his lepoit to the Secretary of War, but the tremendous job of expanding an foices personnel is almost fin ished He might have penned a little footnote, saying, “We have pilots running out of oui ears ” No Cadet training bases have been clPsed as yet, but the Army will close approximately one dozen schools foi training pilots between now and Apiil An Foices officials find that the elaborate program has now pioduced enough competent navigatois and pilots to finish the job m both theatres of wai The tip-off to this is found m recent changes m
policy of the Tianspoit Command
Army Tianspoit Command, which does non combat flying all over the woild, has always piefeiied to take pilots from the open market, usually from the an lines These pilots are specially trained in safe, efficient transport flying, as distinguished from the combat
type of ti aming in the Army An Forces
Recently, howevei. Transport Command has been
forbidden to take on civilian pilots, and has been foieed to accept combat tiamed pilots fiom the Air Forces
As one Transport Command officer expressed it, “They are stuffing ’em down oui throats ”
Uhiforms Of Russia's Dead ,, ,, ,, ... ^ ^ X, X lx That s mighty race of the company—allowing the night shitt Most lequests from the Russians foi military oi , , . , i i . xt xi- » civilian equipment are okayed almost immediately ten minutes of silense at midnight to celebrate the New Year because of the heroic achievements of the Red Army
But the other day one came along that wasn’t It was a request foi a considerable quantity of diy
cleaning equipment Though at the head of the Rus
Sion list, U S officials turned it down
They thought at fiist that the Russians weie get ting fancy, going back to civilian normalcy with a rush Dry cleaning equipment they figured would take up valuable space on a ship which could be used
to bettei advantage
Following the turn down the Russians appealed They still insisted that the dry cleaning equipment was most impoitant and should be at the head of the list They also explained that, because of the scaicity of textiles m Russia they could not bury Russian dead m their unifoims, but must remove the umfoims and clean them foi other soldiers The diy cleaning equipment, if shipped immediately they explained, would get to Russia this winter, m time to clean thousands of summer unifoims removed from those filled last summei and fall These uni foi ms would be needed in the spring foi the big cam
paign
The Russian request was granted immediately Little Pigs Go To Market Agiieulture officials aie staling with bulging eyes at the telegrams received from the livestock markets The numbei of hogs killed m a single day has passed the figuio of 300,000 and is still going up Novembei set an all time recoid m hog slaughter of 6 900 000 (federally inspected) Decembei went still highei Cattle slaughter also set a lecoid m No vembei, but tapered off Not so with hogs Nothing like this has ever happened in the history of the world Nature, plus a low ceiling puce on coin and the delay in putting a ceiling puce on hogs is now scattering poik all over the landscape This will Con tmue thiough Januaiy February and into the month
of Maich
In spite of the poik flood howevei, there is no sui plus and officials insist that there must be no “holi day” fiom lationing OPA and Wai Food Admmis tiation agiee on this They have had many differences in the past but they stand together on the matter of red points
Fact IS
tl^e witches’
■by the hturridnlns^
Rjflloo. ’Tkere have been a few cracks these days about censorship , we find that even witches are cehsohed in whht they write. The Boss doesn’t care how slanderous we get, but there are some fussy mortals who would like to burn our broomstmks. Because of this we are forced to give an indefinite version of the
unusual visit of two male stu- — —" debts to a eeed reomibjg plate boarding placo by tao WYm, so sviell The only thing definite about m^lowed by a liquid mflueneg that i i-L. i. J. I i- J J- she decided to get rid of tfiem After It was that It happened recent- instructions to a fnen<) ly Th© lhcid6nt bBgan when same room, she fled upstaiis a coed was visited in heir The unfortunate part of the iilci - dent began when the friend was
Glider Club Meetin*!: Tuebdey Jan 11 at 7 30 p m Refer to the desk at the
Union foi place of meetinp:
—SCHROFDER
Alpha Chi Rho There will be a meetini? of all membeis student and faculty m loom 26^ of the Union Friday Jnn 14 at 6 30 P m -HOLMES
called out of the loom immediately afterward, leaving the two tipsV
gentlemen on their own
The rtext known fact was established in an upstans room when a
not fully diessed coed who was Skull and Crescent An important mfectint, studying looked up fiom hei bOokS will be held in i-ootti 365 oJ the Union at ^ i i. ij x 30 p m oh Wednesday Jan 19 fhe pos uftei a tap ou her shoulder to UlS-
sibihties of plfedBihK Will be disenssed It is tbo fwn who fnyinlV inoUlied. imperative that each membci attend since ^he two, WHO lUZZliy inquiieu,
this meeting will determine whcthei the “Wheie’s OUI date'^”
Cotillion will be held Be on time
KLEIN Hei shriek convinced them that
Sigma Rho Upsilon Important mcctmi, they wouldn’t get any information
AVeonesday Jan 12 ht 10 p m Initiation xu„, „ „„ fhev mnde a sneedv exit Conle to usual meeting place —POWERS oneie SO tney maoe a speeiiy exib
by the back way On the wRll of
International Relations Club There will be a meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday Jan 11 in the lounge of the University Church
GARRETT
Fraternity President s Council Meeting Thursdaj Jan 13 at p m in room 212 of the Union NEESF
Debris Staff 4pm
Meeting rnda>
Tau Beta Pi There will be i eompulsoiy meeting Wednesday Jan 1) at I*) p m in loom 212 of the Union for the election of new members Thehe \m11 be a fine of fifty cents levied against ea h membei who m absent without a written excuse from the correspond iig SLcrelaiy ot m>sclf -EVANS Christian Science Organization Regular meeting in room 2o7 of th( Union Tuesd ly Jan 11 at^ 30p m SCHWANDT Class Riflery Week of Jan 0 Ifo is the last chance fo'i all guls eligible foi class teams to get three practices since tournament is following week Praeticg on Tuesday Wed nesdav and Ihiusday nights from b 30 to 8 30 ALLEN Kappa Sigma Meeting Welneseday Jan 12 at 7 10 p m in room 360 of the Union —KENNEDY Delta Rho Kappa Pledging will be hdld Thursday Jan 13 in loom 261 of the Union at 4 30 p m All membeis ind pledges please be there LEVIN PIA Board meeting Wednesday Jan 12 at 30 p m in the PIA room All boai 1 members are iiged to attend Lets get the ball rolling HENDERSON
a sufficient humber sign up, a leplesentative may visit the campus
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes '■old rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C P Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost—Saddle tan billfold containing SI'* passport N Y state license Finder please call 4irn Rewnid Lost—Log Log Duplex Decitrig Slide Rule and chem engineeiing book Saturday noon m cafeteria Please call 4b 84 Rewaid Or deliver to 151 State Street
Alpha Phi Omega Open meeting at 8 p m Wednesday Jan 12 in room 261 of the Union We will have a short business meet ing aftei the speeeh —WINKLER SDX Important discussion meeting will be held Tuesday Jan 11 at 5 p m in Exponent office —MURPHY Camera Club There will be a callout and an election of officers Tuesday Jan 11 at
poik otheis foi beef, and otheis for buttei, etc , there will be a group meeting in room 108 memb^rs^pleastTttend^ HOLME^'*
Theta Alpha Phi Meeting Tuesday Jan 11 at 5 15 p m in the Union Give some thought to the projects before coming to the meeting DELONG AH Former Scouts and Scouters Alpha Phi Omega National Scouting Honorary in vites you to attend an open meeting at 8 p m on Wednesday Jan 12 jn room 261 cf the Union —WINKLER ASME Mectmj, at 30 p m Wclnesday Jan 1*^ in room 108 of Mechanical Engi ncering building A film n color bout the Boeing flying forticss lAin be shown
J —DAVIDSON
Gimlet Club There i^ill be an import int meeting Wednesday Jan 12 at 7 30 p m at the ATO house Plans foi party will be discussed in ad htu n to othtr business
—RICHARDSON
SCA Impoitint board meeting Tuesdaj Jin 11 at ■" 30 p m ti SCA office Evciy me be theie —BRYANT
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC headquarters Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MlllER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Rhone 7917
MARS TODAY and ITOMORROW hrt d.ction-pdchd mfEimr th^fi the screen has ei/cr recorded / /ts mm ^mmuf oftheOS Subhidntie VopperPiri' flash 11)0 ■the Signal that Sends our bombers ser^m^ yen0eanc&-bent over fbjo's home town, 'fn
joimoEay wiiuHfRiiic
the loom now hangs a sign, “This room inspected and approved by the
U S govei nment ”
Coming to the less censorahle aspects of campus life, ive’ve decided to give one free broomstick ride to the ticket agent Mho aided a coed in need of information When the coed received a telegram from hef fiance, who had been absent for 17 months, stating that he would aYiive in town tomorrow she promptly called the railroad station and asked the times at which all trams would arrive from ChicagP She couldn’t understand why the ticket agent just laughed an^ laughed until he recovered enough to explain, “Most people ask foY the time ot just one tram, tfien the next and the next until they finally get the whole list You’re the first peYsrtn
who’s been so frank”
After he d given her the extensive list he continued m a woeful tone, “Of course, you realize that itmst of these trams have two, three and even foul sections to them, and that they are all late anyway ” We plan on giving him a round trip ride on the broomstick if he’ll furnish her an easy chair to Use in
the station tomorrow
urnnen! TODAY and TOMORROW
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
PLUS.
mmmm or KHE DPIM mTEcmcowR (J staff ng NELSON EDDY SUSANNA FOSTER CIAUOE RAINS ^doar’^barrier lEO CARftiUO /ANf Farrar t Edwo d DROMbERO fftITZ FtLD HUME CRONYK
V ‘•j January 111 1^J>
Pufiiue ^xponmt
j{^ *
.i!
HHiH
ers, Netmen Victorious Over Weekend
Hoosiers Downecf
Wt^&stlsrs Overwhelm
Boxing Team Makes
«omfe SfrO iartB we!re m attendahce Saturday afternoon as the Boileritiaker VCtestlihg l6am sourtdiy beat |;he Wildcats of Northwestern The Wildcats were able to win only three the eight events held Two of these wins were by viitue of decisions in the 136^ pound and heavyweight elasheS \vhile the third was achieved by a fall in the 12§ pound
event,
The Boilermakers took an eaily five point lead when Northwestern faiiedi to etitei h nian in the 121 pound event against Dave Liang, thh Boilerniak-^^rs'i outstanding Chinese giia^plehi However the Wildcats spon tied the score as Art Netherteotey Northwestern’s veteian 128 pomndery had little tro.uble in pinnib^ Sam Johnson in 4 minutes and 45 seconds. In a close struggle Wairen Jeffrey of Northwestern outpointed Bob Aimstrong to gain the decision m the'^36 pound match and pjaeeithe Wildcats ahead 8-5 Northwtestem’s lead Was shoithved foi Dan Nettescheim, the only HivetBr veteian, on the squad, made short work of Gujdo Noiine, pinning hihi m the fast time of 2 minutes and 46 seconds; Nettescheim’s win not only gave the Rlveteis the lead which they maintained thioughout the lemamdei of the meet, but also served as the spaik plug which spuired the team to winning all but the last match The Boilermakeis gained anothei thiee points when Newt Copple outclassed and optpointed Pioctol in the first of the heavyweight events, the 166 pound match The 165 pound event saw Jack Scheppaid pm Northwestern’s Holmes after 7 mm utes of fierce struggling The match clincher for the Boiler-
Three Teams Share Lead As Big Ten Race Enters Second Week
Ready For Extensive Schedules; 25 Men Out
With 25 men now coming out regularly, the Boilermaker boxing team IS now shaping into condition Under the guidance of Coach Jim Beers and his assistant, Neil Champaigne, beginners aie now receiving as much attention as regular members of the sqrlad The heavier weights are fairly well filled but berths m 118 and 126 pound classes are wide open to anyone who still wants to
come out
Though the team has not been pi noticing long enough to determine anything definite there are a few men who have shown possibilities Jim MacMillen m the heavy
- Echoes I By Rtiste Lipes
OS'lF fO A GftfiAT START ’
BaSIt i^eek endaaw the Boilermaker basketball squad off to a flying start in the Big Ten championship race, and if we can judge by then perform-
ance against Indiana Saturday night they should be a team for the rest i,, ., ,, j, , , „ , „ ^ „ ..it i. r. 1 it. u With the first week of play com ol the Conference to take note of Earlier games this season have seen , ,, „ m . ,
, a Mi. 1 T i XU Iil6ted m the Big Ten basketball
the Boilermakers take the floor With a squad composed of some of the mi . m , CM! XI in X 1 X 1 1 XI X XI 11 >x ince, three teams are found m a tie finest players in the middle west, but a bunch that apparently couldn t » « . , -vt .. , 1 X XU rrtu X X £ Ti X j 11 1 XU u I®! first place Northwestern, Pur work together That terrific Riveter drive was lacking, and the boys , ^ xi i , x jijx u XU 1 XU iTx 1 1 ixr xux due and Iowa, the only unbeaten failed to come through in the pinch Last week end was different, but , , , , ,
teams in conference play, aie lead
can the boys keep it up ’ ,, n - xi i
mg the SCI amble for the champion
ship
Northwestern in winning its pan of week end games, showed the most powbi On Fiiday night they disposed of Michigan 54 47, and then chalked up anothei in the winning column as they ran thiough Wisconsin without much trouble, 60 38, the Saturday following Otto Graham, Wildcat gridiron star, paced the Northwestern attack against the
OUR OWN OBSERVATtONS , Here aie some of oui observations on the more outstanding squad members Dennis Horn—probably the fastest man on the team and a ball hawk, but inclined to shoot too frequently and not try to work the ball in under the basket Bill Lodge—a very good all around ball player, very dependable and quite a fie-hter Charlie Haag—a good team man with a lot of dii/e and always cool Haag and Lodge should be two of the
best sophomores in the Conference
Paul Hoffman has been termed by many as possessing the ability*to reign with Purdue’s all time, all greats, if he can settle down Paul has
been impioying steadily with each game, IS a great defensive player and , ,, x x j n V —- a dead dye if he is on Duffy Friend js not a spectacular player, but is a fi.!. wL!?x tl!!
steady, veiy dependable man, and his leadership is decidedly missed when
he lb on the bench
Jack Kennedy, one of the holdovers from last season, is a good man to have around but he has his hot and cold nights A good stalwart when the going gets pretty rough John McPherson ahd Bumps Elliott are two
Weight class, Don MacMillen of last fieshmen who show a lot of promise Both are cool ball handlers and with ^^xi siGnce games year’s squad and Peffer in the 176 httle more experience should be first line players Jim Wally is a new 70^points
pound class, Jankovitch for the 160 to us, but he seems to be a good long shot ahd a good defensive man pounders, Peaison and Brace in the Last, and the man with the question mark, is Steve Frazier Though a (145 pound class and Ed Loiney, who dead eye ball handler, Frazier does not appear to be able to take the fast is now recovering from an injured pace set m the Big Ten Whether he can condition himself to this race
hand, in the 146 pound class, are the Lorse ball or not is a very good question boys who have shown the best progless so far bill TERRY SPOUTS OFF
As yet there aie no matches Theie are always a few professional athletes whose head gets too big
set up most of the Wildcat plays After losing four straight non conference games the Boilermakers broke then streak by amassing a total of 132 points to capture both
against a hapless Chicago Univei sity squad in the Windy City on Friday night, the Riveters totaled 62 more points as they made short work of then arch rival, Indiana Bill Lodge, who had been kept on the sidelines in the Notre Dame and
By Boilermakers Triumphing m then second Conference tilt m as many nights the Boilerhiakers souhdly trounced Indiana, 62 to 4% in the Fieldhouse Satin day night Playing before a crowd of about 8,000 spectators, the game was not of typical Purdue vs. Indiana cahbei, the Boilermakers dominating the floor throoughout the game Usually this rivalry finds two such evenly matched squads that the outbofiie U
Gophers To Invade
y
Riveter Fieldhouse In Weekend Games Undefeated m league competition this season, the Boilermaker quin-
tet will be seeking to make the Mm- fQj (;Le victors was the fine all
never certain until the final
gun has sounded.
Bill Lodge was the sparkplug in the winner’s attack, garnering 22 points during the evening Lodge had been on rest! iction foi the previous 10 days and Saturday night was the first time he had been on the floor during that peiiod Also instrumental
nesota five its thud conference vie tun of the piesent season The Gophers will invade the Riveter court for the double lull this coming
Friday and Saturday
While the Gophers won four of then SIX pie season games and the Boileimakeis lost four of their six, Minnesota dropped its first two con fei elite games to Iowa last week end by scores of 37 34 and 37 29 Mean while the Boilermakeis were troun cmg Chicago and Indiana In midwestern records the two teams aie
Chicago games because of scholastic tied with four wins and four losses ineligibility, was the bright star of apiece, but the Boileimakeis are the Boilermakers as he marked his lated at the top of Big Ten stand-
the match Dick Eageis of Northwestern and Bob Humphieville, wrestling in the heavyweight match, finished the program, with Eageis
makers proved to be the 176 pound winning the decision Summary
scheduled but Coach Beers is now iqj them and they start spouting off Ex Giant Bill Terry is the most re corresponding with Wabash and De- cent example After playing in the major leagues for 20 years, and drag
Pauw These matches when sched- j,,ng down a fortune in that time, Terry has denounced baseball as being by scoimg 22 points mgs uled will be a half time feature at cheap, and getting cheaper all the time “No business in the world ^Minnesota Leads at Halt the Riveter basketball games has ever made more money with poorer management,” he said We won- ^ ^owa, the weakest of the leading der if that is not a reflection on himself, considering the years he spent °^ ^ regis-
as a manager of one of the more outstanding teams Or could it be that oui e victory over he lacks a better excuse to quit the game ’ ' opponent this season u In
tilt m which the Wildcats entered their best giapplei, Frank Jagels, in an effort to stop the Boilermakers Joe Heisch lepiesented the Boilermaker squad in this match and it was the most interesting as well as hiost exciting match of the afternoon When the nine minutes Were up, Hersch had outpointed Ja gels to cop the decision and give the Boilermakers a 21 8 advantage and
121 lb—Liang (P), forfeit 128 lb—Nether cote (N U ), fall 135 lb—Jeffrey (N U ), decision 145 lb—Nettescheim (P ), fall 166 lb—Copple (P), decision 166 lb—Scheppaid (P ), fall 176 lb—Heisch (P), decision Heavyweight — Eageis (N U ), decision Try An Exponent Classified'
SPUTTERINGS Dave Lodge, basketball manager last year, was back on the campus Saturday night He is now an ensign in the Navy Keith Parker and Jack Butt, football letter men, are out for the shot put An Egyptian sports writer describing a U S football game said, “It is a suie cure for high blood piessuie, caidiac trouble, and insomnia, especially insomnia ”
We’re Mixing Ingredients With Genius Rationing and Shortages are common words today, I but the same tasty quality of food in the Cafeteria still reigns* - —^— JhL fiWlduSL ^YlflsumsfiLaL iXmmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
IM Schedules M ard and Fraternity Basketball Tuesday, January 11 Court 1-^7 20, Tiiangle vs Tau Epsilon Phi, 7 35, Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Psi, 8 30, Sigma Nu vs Theta Xi, 8 46 Tau Sigma vs ChiAlpha Court 2—7 20, Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi, 7 36, Sigma Chi vs Alpha Sigma Phi, 8 30, Delta Upsilon vs Lambda Pi, 8 45, Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Court 3—Phi Sigma Theta vs Tau Pi Phi, 7 35, Beta Sigma Psi vs Pi Kappa Phi, 8 30, Phi Delt vs Delta Tau Delta, 8 45, Rockets vs Chauncey Court 4—7 20, Doverettes vs Maistellai Maroons, 7 36, Luma vs Rochdale, 8 30, Hot Shots vs War nock, 8 45, Puidue Only vs Owen
Aimy Basketball Wednesday, January 12 Court 1—6 45, E4 vs D4, 7 00, A2 vs A7, 7 55, A3 vs E5, 8 10, A4 vs B1
Court 2—6 46, B2 vs E2, 7 00, A5 vs E7, 7 65, B3 vs A6, 8 10, E8 vs C5 Court 3—6 45, B4 vs C6, 7 00, P2 vs C7, 7 66, B5 vs Dl, 8 10, B6 vs G2 Couit 4—6 45 B7 vs G4 7 00, C3 vs G6, 7 65, G6 vs C4 I Riveter Track Squad Continues Workouts In spite of having but little time to woik out, the Riveter track team have gotten then legs limbered up in the last two weeks and are now looking forward to heavier practice and time tiials which will come off next week As fai as can be determined the squad will be well balanced 111 all running events However, some field events, especially high jump and pole vault, can still use experienced men Ed Eiiicson, star Riveter runner, has received his orders for induction, but is continuing to woik out
beating th^ Golden Gophers of Minnesota twice Coach Pop Harrison employed the use of only six players each night Friday night found the Gophers three points short when the final whistle blew, while on Saturday the Hawkeyes had an easier
time as they won 37 29
Unsuccessful m its conference, opener against Northwestern on Friday, Michigan turned the tables on Illinois, to hand Coach Doug Mill’s Whiz Kids then second consecutive conference defeat The II hni, who were picked by many as pie season favorites to cop the Big Ten honors, dropped then second league game Friday night as Wisconsin scored 43 points against then
total of 38
Tom King sensational Wolverine foiwaid, took the lead in confeience scoring as he racked up 24 points on Friday against Northwestern and 14 points on Saturday as he paced the Michigan squad to its 52 45 vie toiy over Illinois Big Ten Standing Week Ending January 9, 1944
Though Iowa finished last Satui day’s game ahead of Minnesota, the Gopheis threatened befoie the half and led at that time 19 to 14 The Hawkeyes came out foi the second half and overpowered the Gopheis, quickly lunning the scoie to 26 20 in then favor Playing fine defen sive ball, they held the Gopheis to thi ee baskets in the final 20 minutes while rolling up 13 additional points lor themselves The Gophers’ new forward, Rolle De Latt, scored 12
points
The Boilermakeis will be entei mg the twin bill at full stiength and with a desire to keep on with the piesent confeience winning stieak Aftei then wins of the previous week, both bv comloitable margins, they will probably be favored over the theoretically weaker Minnesota quintet Lodge, high scoiei of the Indiana game, will be in there fight-
aiound play of Paul Hoffman, who netted 18 points and tumed in his best peifoimance of the season Deadly long shooting by the Hoosleis’ Sam Young gave him high scoring honors for the losers with 14 points Riveters Display Best Attack Displaying the best attack, both offensively and defensively, that they have displayed at home so far this season, the Riveters had things pietty much then ovyn way, although rebounds were all too frequently taken by the Crimson The Riveteis also could not find the rim on a variety of set up shots Indiana opened the scoring when Peed rang the bell from the foul line Tallies by Horn and P Hoffman quickly sent the Boilennakers into the lead which they never relinquished The fast breaking Boilei maker attack continually carried the ball in under the basket, with Lodge, Hoffman and Horn pouring it thiough Shields, Tipton and \oung accounted for most of the Hoosieis’ points and the half ended with Indiana trailing 38 to 18 Second Half The Hoosieis came back in4;he second half an inspired team, with Young swishing two thiough fronl away out However then offense slackened whenever they came close to then own basket, being unable to bleak thiough the Riveter defense Following Piggy Lambert’s orders, the Riveters slackened then attack in the last half and finished the game just keeping a safe lead over the Hoosieis Scor-
He overcame his scholastic de- ^"'8 fairly evenly distributed
For the Best Reading JOEV THE BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB
Northwestern
w 2
L 0
Pet 1 000
Puidue
2
0
1 000
Iowa
2
0
1 000
Michigan
1
1
500
Illinois
1
2
333
Wisconsin
1
2
333
Indiana
0
1
000
Chicago
0
2
000
Minnesota
0
2
000
Ohio State
0
0
000
Buy War
Bonds
BOOK STOBE
And Stamps
mg
ficiency m time to chalk up 22 points against the Hoosieis Helping him this Friday will be Horn Haag, Friend, Hoffman and the rest of the team, all in good form Riveters, lllini Tangle Friday Coach Reeck’s high flying wies tleis are scheduled to meet the Univei sity of Illinois next Friday aft einoon at 4 in the Fieldhouse Cut ics predict the contest to be a closely fought match Illinois, boasting a young squad of piomising matmen, IS rated as no push over for the Riveters In then first meet the Illini matmen thoroughly trounced a well balanced State Normal squad By taking all but one event the Illini racked up a one sided 31 to 5 count against the Normal men
and the game ended with the Rivet-
ers leading 62 to 43
The box score was as follows
Across from the Union Building
"7^
IG. B-OZ $1SIZE
PLUS TAX
REG. $2 FULL-PINT SIZE-$1 plus tax • Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth in spite of chapping winds and harsh weather Use as a luxurious body rub a flattering powder base Buy now — save half
Purdue Horn, f P Hoffman, Lodge, c McPherson, Kennedy, c Haag, g Friend, g Elliott, g Wally g
Indiana Shields, f Tipton, 1 Toon, t Ray, f Peed, c Retheifoid, c Lehman, c Young g Meicei, g Rowland, g Biandenbeig
FG FT PP 5 3 3
24 14 FG FT 2 4 2 0 0 2 2 0 6 0 1 0
3 2 0 1 4 4 1 1 19 PP 0 2 0 1 3 3 0 1 0 3 2
® photograph
WAVES Assigned to recruiting duty spend some of their time traveling about the recruiting district to which they have been assigned It is their job tq advise and assist young women who are interested m the WAVES, and to answer their questions about the duties, pav, social life, opportunities for advancement, uniforms, etc In the photo, the uniformed girl — a Specialist (R), Thud CUsc — is assisting an applicant “R” indicates she’s a recruiter She and oth'’i lUvy reprv.sentatives in the recruiting service are anxious to talk ab'^ut the WAVES to thousands of young
women between 20 and 36 years of eg •>
15 13 15 Sports For Women WAA bowling is in full swing following the initial matches ot the tournament held Saturday, January 8 The Wood Hall team led the gioup seoies with a total of 986 points, with RCA team 2 and South Hall taking second and thud places with then scoies ot 977 and 922 respectively The schedule toi this week is as follows Wednesday, Jan 12, 7 30 p m — Alpha Chi Omega vs Alpha XI Delta, Chi Omega vs Delta Gamma Wednesday, Jan 12, 7 30 p m.— Kappa Alpha Theta vs Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi vs Phi Mu Saturday, Jan 15—1 30 p m, South Hall Vs Wood Hall I, RC-A II vs Noith Hall II, 3 15 p m.. Town Gals vs RCA I, Wxud III vs. Wiight Field ^Swimming Schedule Jan 22—^Pruttue, Wisconsin, at Noithwesteui Jan 29—Pm due at Michigan. Feb. 5—Northwestern here. Feb 12—Puidue at Illinois. Feb 19—Conteience meet at Northwestern.
'• 1' j or/
fp_ if* ;n ^ ‘ 'I'Af , ‘l\i\'f.(«f l-'V.^*''^' '‘i’ { '" , ,, ,,. .,™- i. ^y; Navy, Marine iVeWf
For Service Men, By Service Men
Tuesday, January 11, 1944
War Department
AST Patter |J. C. TiiTiiiions Scrvcs Armed
Guides Veterans
By T/6 Morris Better
niFurthering its policy of facilitating the return of discharged enlisted men to civil life, the War Department recently adopted a single documhnt which combines the functions of'informing the ex-soldier of his rights, duties and privileges and advising him'adequately of the specific governmental agency he can tnm to for various types of assist-
ance.
.o-The new form, described in the Ft. Sam Houston Blazon, replaces seven forms and five letters previ-
ously used.
jfC'The soldier receives one copy. Others go to the AGO, the Veterans’ Administration, the state director of selective service (for forwarding to the former soldier’s local l^oj^), the re-employment member
Navy To Graduate 193 Electricians Thursday Evening
Graduation exercises are scheduled Thursday night in Fowler Hall
for 193 sailors who are completing from him
a 16 weeks’ specialized training course in the naval training elec-
trical school.
The men, who have been selected for the school as a result of quali-
“SOLDIERS FRIEND” AGAIN
When we die, we want to die as happy as Doc Miller was last Satdy. Seeing hundreds of dogfaces waiting for the hook, had a dream-like quality for the Doc which made him drool with anticipation. If there was any doubt that he was the central figure in the proceedings, it was eliminated . . - when he donned his “special” uniform. Bedecked with hash marks to his elbow, the purple heart, campaign ribbons for service on Staten, Ellis, ^GlCCtlVG Catalina and Alcatraz Islands, crossed iodine swabs as insignik and three stars on each shoulder (out of respect to Eisenhower), he made a picturesque sight which also seiwed to laugh the victims right out of their nervousness. It was pretty much agreed, too, that the Doc displayed an unusual skill and dexterity with the hypo. The Gis who were spared the ordeal of the hook, were deprived of seeing the “soldiei's’ friend” at his ecstatic best. It was his supreme moment and no one could take it
Forces In Both World Wars
Editor’s Note: This is the sixth in a series of aTticles on the AST officers in the 1545th Service Unit.
of the board and the veterans’ em-
Station, will either be rated as third class petty officers or as strikers for
, . . , , the rating. They will be sent from ployment representative in the lo- advanced training ^1 U. S. Employment Service of- i^lized fields
Status indicated
YANK AGAIN
It’s hard to say where one can find time for creative efforts these hectic days, but there may be some for whom the YANK announcement will be of interest. According to the Army Weekly, there is a 50-dollar war bond
fying tests during boot training at at the end of the literary rainbow for th^ enlisted GI in the armed forces the Great Lakes Naval Training who can knock out the best, original and unpublished story within a 3000
word limit. Runnersup will go unrewarded in any lucrative sense, but will receive recognition by having their efforts published. There’s a March 1st
deadline for all contributions.
or to active duty with the United
States fleet.
FORUMS AGAIN
So engrossed did we become in our own words as we sounded off last week on the topic of soldier-discussion groups, that we overlooked the
The soldier’s status as a dis- Lt. (jg) E. C. Galant is company existence of a somewhat similai setup m our own back yard, as it were, charged veteran is indicated on the commander and company leaders in- On alternate Thursdays, service men and civilian students alike, have
elude L. B. Cline, River Forest, 111., been getting an opportunity to receive and air opinions on various topics
He is advised that if he is regis- -vvho will represent the graduation of interest and importance. This Thursday evening at 6, for example, fjgffed under the Selective Service gi-oup during the Thursday night History Department’s Proi. C. B. Murphy will talk and guide the dis.^ct of 1940 he must report to his ceremonies; K. P. Wicks, Minneap- cussion on Religious Freedom in Russia. No little part of the credit for l^al board. If he has not regis- olis, Minn.; E. L. Ray, Portland, these town talks must go to Rev. Balsley of the Wesley Foundation where fjered he must do so. Ore., and Walter Palikucha, Gary, the meetings aie held. You might find it profitable as well as enjoyable
( He is advised that if he desires in addition to Palikucha there are ^ to drop over and investigate.
IJO return to his former employment eight other bluejackets in the glad- ——
^nd is entitled to do so under the uating company from Indiana, in- ODDS ’N’ ENDS
^ct he must apply to his former em- eluding dharles Hills Jr., South The situation we described last week concerning lamp-and-sword GIs in ployer within 40 days of his dis- Bend; Herbert L. Godsey, Bloom- ]SfY on pass has been modified so that they non can compete with other charge. If he saw active seivice jngton; Harvey D. Browning, Ve- service men for amusement tickets—on week endi^/only. If on furlough,
^ter December 7, 1941, and was vay; Paul D. Bitts, Terre Haute; there is no time restrictions but papers must be presented. ... Lopsided IJonorably discharged, he has the Evan A. Williams, 308 N. Wallcot Star award: to Marine Private Don Edwards for his really funny takeoff
night to apply to the Veterans’ Ad- street, and Robert Willoughby, 346 rtiinistration for hospitalization, n. College avenue, Indianapolis; djomiciliary care, disability pension Francis Rager, Jeffersonville, and or vocational rehabilitation, if en- -Wilham B. Brown, Warsaw. ^tjed to them by law. Also in the group are 46 men from .^dvised About Iwaft Board Illinois, 45 from Ohio and 15 from
: He is also advreed as to assistance Pennsylvania.
ih securing employment or re-em-;^loyment that can be rendered by his draft board, and as to services available through the Army Emergency.Relief, the United States Employment Service, the Veterans’ Administration, the Vocational Rehal^ilitation and Training Division of ^he PSA, the Red Cross and the Armed Foi’ces Institute.
RCA Trainees
on Lt. (PT boat) Hamilton’s speech. It was the best offering in the wellreceived V-12 show. . . . The plight of the engineer has been summed up with this eloquent mouthtul: three problems, three hours, three wrong answers. . . . However, we’d like to understand the gqldier who shies away from calculus and insists, instead, on reading Ulysses in class.... What’s cooking: movie shorts (non GI), continuous from 3 to 6, on Thursday. Minnesota will supply the basketball opposition on Friday a^d Satdy both.
(Continued from pa^e 1)
The rostei' as awmeanSjjbf classifying civilian scientific and specialized people has not been used before this time, but has been in the process of compilation. Information is contained in the registry concerning the number required for all fields of production and training in order that quotas may be given to each section of industry for the number of trained men available. When the present directive goes into effect the deferment of alb specialized and scientific personnel in the country will be determined by reference to the roster, upon recommendation by the particular firm or
institution involved.
Specialized forms of study under which students graduating in July may be deferred include all curri>cula in the engineering schools at the University and include the agri-cultm-al sciences, bacteriology, foi'estry, mathematics, pharmacy, physics and chemistry. Students planning to stay after July 1 must be in engineering, chemistry, geology, physics or geophysics.
Summing Up
Summing up the situation in a few words, it appears that students who' have been deferred up till now and who plan to graduate before July 1 will do so. Students who plan to graduate after that date must be included in the University’s quota in order to continue their line of study. The number of graduate students will also be determined by a quota set at the national selective service headquarters in Washing-
ton.
During the first World War Captain J. C. Timmons, now commanding officer of A Company, was in training here at the University as an enlisted man in the navy. He h’ad joined up in September, 1918, with the “Navy Student Training Corps” and was assigned under this program to special study her? on the campus. The “sailor” was
put on inactive duty in December, 1918. After the .cessation of hostilities, Capt. Timmons stayed at the University to take courses in vocational agriculture and to marry during his sophomore year. After receiving an Indiana state teacher’s license Captain Timmons taught in high school for five years. During this time he took summer courses here at the University and extension courses from Indiana University. Along with these other educational activities the captain managed to finish two semesters at Ball State.
By Bob Baker
Prof. W. E. Howland Publishes Article
Gills in the RCA training program here at the University are now beginning their training on the actual construction of radio vacuum tubes in the laboratory. They have
The American people are slowly becoming victims of a disastrous malady—spectatoiism . . . first the Peisians, then the Greeks, and finally the Romans suffered from this fatal affliction and indirectly perished from it, and now the stealthy haibingers of its advance guard are attacking us— each and every one of us . . . its symptoms are universally exhibited—-a
Also from the Blazon comes word two laboiatoiy periods in which to (jj-eamy lassitude, combined with a loathing of physical activity and a love
of the newest development in GI work on the construction of these
clothing—a 10-inch leather boot de- tubes.
veloped by the quartermaster corps that will replace boots and leggings for AGF personnel and paratroopers in the near future. The new footgear, held to be cooler in warm climates than the shoe
Each gill can use two radio vacuum tubes. This is due to the delicacy of the work in constructing the vacuum tubes for the first time. Only one finished tube is expected of each giil. Another type of deli-
and legging combination, and less cate work they will receive training
likely to snag in underbrush, has in is spot welding.
been tested in maneuvers in the United States and in combat in North Africa and the southwest'Pacific. , It is equipped with a wide, twobuckled cuff, with leather on the toyver part turned flesh side out. ■rife leather cuff is backed with canvas in the interest of conservation. "Ilie lower part ife laced in the conX ntional mannqr with cuff buckles ove the ankles permitting trousers to be tucked in quickly and easily.
This is along the line of the work they will be doing in RCA plants after they have completed their training here at the University.
Intramural Basketball—January 19, February 26. Intei'class Basketball—March 6, March 17.
of plush-bottom aitides ot furniture that allow any type of i estful repose . . . why go for a dull hike when you can take in a thrilling movie . . . why bowl a wearisome match game when you can just as well spend youi time watching an exciting basketball game or listening to a witty radio broadcast, and so on. .. . The average American individual wants to watch ... he wants to sit down, take it easy, and be a comfoi table spectator while the other guy does the physical struggling . . . and wais usually don’t change their attitudes much. And now, with radio, moving pictures, professional and collegiate athletics, vaudeville, and in the future, television, increasing in scope by leaps and bounds, speetatorism will become even more deadly td the future security of America and all that America stands for . . . thousands upon thousands of physical rejections at induction centers tend to bear out this significant fact... a lot of these rejectees are simply victims of the rising tide of speetatorism especially predominant in this country . . . here’s a good thought on the situation for everyone to remember; exercise is a roadmap to health and well-being, while excessive spcctatorship is a pathway to physical decadence. Princeton Army trainees average barely 22 years, weigh about 157 pounds, and stretch appioximately 5 feet, 10 inches into the sti atosphere ... he squirms through 11 or 12 burpecs, runs the 100 yard pick-a-back in
Prof. W. E. Howland of the School of Civil Engineering has had published an article on “Planning for Peace” in the December issue of the American Engineer, magazine of the Professional Society of Engineers. The aiticle was first a talk delivei od by Howland over WBAA to start a senes of broadcasts which are heaid every Wednesday night at 7:15 over WBAA. A number of University faculty members and townspeople have taken pait in the bioadcasts.
J. D.
Captain Timmons spent the next nine years as a test engineer for General Motors and in this position tested new equipment for such characteristics as 'endurance and strength. Since he was a World War I veteran and had had two years of ROTC here at the University, the captain received his appointment as second lieutenant in the reserve. In 1935 1st Lt. Timmons—he had received his promotion that same year—was assigned to CCC work in the districts of Kentucky and Indiana. He acted as junior officer and company commander and in these capacities was in charge of the men doing drainage and soil conservation work. In April, 1942, the captain was sent to Fort Benjamin Harrison. Following this he was assigned as an ROTC instructor in July, 1943, here at the University. Captain Timmons was appointed to his present position as commanding officer of Company A, ASTP, last November. The captain has the typical appearance of the outdoor man. With the ever piesent pipe and a great interest in hunting and fishing, he piesents the finished picture of a man who is completely at home wherevci there is a stream, some woods and a blue sky. The captain’s son has just completed air foice tiaining and has received has bars and wings. To complete the family there is the Timmons’ 12-year-old daughter.
Corn Growers Sfiow Best Of Crop In Union This Afternoon
As soon as judging is completed today the 1944 Indiana Corn Show will be open to the public in the west faculty lounge in the Union and will remain open until 4 p. m. Thursday. The show is a project of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association and includes small grains, soybeans, ear and shelled samples of corn and certified seed classes.
The show has done much in stimulating intei'est in Indiana agricultuie foi high quality seed and superior yielding. Indiana has a remaikable(>record m that 19 out of the last 23 corn kings of the world have come from Indiana. The annual state 4H club show will be held in connection with the adult show.
Buy War Bonds
. J. D. Harper, ’13, agricultural graduate, editor of the National Livestock Pioducer for the past 20 years, and one time member of the University’s agricultuial staff and former agiicultural agent in LaPorte County, has accepted a position as chief of the midwest bureau of Pathfinder Magazine, 180 North
Secretarial Course for COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES A thorough, intensive, secretarial course — starting February, July, October. Registration now open. |
Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ^
A SCHOOL OF Business
PREFERRED BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN
Michigan .avenue, Chicago. Pathfinder, a 50-year-old aural
w'eekly, was recently taken over by Giaham Patterson, publisher of the Farm Journal and Faimei’s Wife. Headquarter^, of Pathfinder are in
Washington, D. C. Robert W. How- 6 W Michigan Avt. feiaplione. STAt« 1881 ChlMWl, IB
art! IS the editor.
THE 6itE66 COLLEGE
President^ John Robert Gregg, S.C.D.
Director Pool M, Pair M.A
Bowling Tournament — Begins 22 seconds, the 300 yai'd dash in 48 seconds, does 6 pull-ups, and bumps his
^WresHing Schedule
Jan. 14—Illinois, here.
January 8. Splash Paity—To be announced. Ward Paity—To be announced. Model’ll Dance Program—To be announced.
chin 28 times m push-ups ... top performances include 500 sit-ups, 89 push-ups, 86 squat-jumps, and 20 pull-ups ... I wonder if the boys kept score for each othei ... incidentally the record for sit-ups is held by Capt. Robeit S. Millei w'lth 4,437. . . . Capt. Miller thinks eveiy member of a combat crew should be in top physical condition twelve months out of
Jan. 15—Wheaton College, here. Jan. 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. ' Feb. „ 8—DePauw, here.
Fencing, Badminton, Shuffleboard the year, and in some battle areas calisthenics are the only solution
and Ping Pong—Mar. 15 to April 15. Primaries—^Apiil 3, 4 p. m. Election of Officers—April 7, 9 a.
Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern m. to 5 p. m. Feb. 19—Conference at North- Election of Council—April 10. western. Winter Banquet—Apiil 18.
the Capt. should know, he has 597 houis of flying time under his belt witb
the China-India-Burma Air Foices.
Sgt. Joe Louis, after five months of roaming the good homey soil of the States entertaining and instructing, will head overseas with his troop of performers sometime after January 20 to show the doughboys in the foxholes and reserve encampments the gentle art of fisticuffs.
UGH No Heap Wampum Needed to Getum Car Fixed
Peter Anderson Co.
AFTER YOU — WE COME FIRST 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
4ft
1^.
\ I