/, 'v'.%,. ii' • ;v.v. - . ' v'-' /• -
■'n'
\-K/ - /l:, -:
l?ur£iue 'ftxpjMiejtt
Published Duly by Students of Purdue Univensily
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY,, NOVEMBER 24, 1936
NUMBEStSe
Executive Committee
Refuses To Grant 4-Day Thanksgiving Holiday
President Elliott To Appoint Committee To Revise Next Year’s University Calendar Thanksgiving holiday dreams faded last night for several thousand University students as the executive committee refused to grant a four-day vacation this year. In refusing to grant the holiday asked in a petition signed by 3,817 students, the board pointed out the impracticability
of altering this year’s school
calendar. However, the committee took action which may result in a four-day Thanksgiving vacation next year. President E. C. Elliott is to appoint a committee consisting of students, faculty members, and alumni to revise the calendar for the coming school year to “make room” for the holiday. Four Years Ago Four years ago, a similar committee consisting of students and faculty members only, decided to cut down the Thanksjgiving holiday and lengthen the Christmas vacation. The executive board, composed of President Elliott, the deans and heads of schools, discussed the pro-posed-vacation for this year over an hour before reaching any decision.
AW, NUTS!
Scene—Exponent office; B-r-r — “Freshman! get on that wire!” A scramble for the phone —and the inevitable result: “Can you tell me if we get the four-day holiday?—” “Sorry— no vacation!” “What! No vacation!” Whereupon the wire siz-, zled with its burden of profanity and the frosh wearily chalked another mark on the Nintety-three calls by ac1:ual tally!
One solution offered was to add the extra days to the end of the year. This system would cause a conflict with the' summer session which starts two days after commencement. Many Transfers The arrangement four years ago was not effected until the committee had whittled days from one vacation and transferred them to another many times. After repeated trials the present arrangement was agreed upon. Spokesmen for the group which initiated the petition for a vacation this year, although expressing disappointment over failure, voiced hopes for a vacation next year.
Decker Receives Battle-Worn Ball From Indiana Game
Scarred and stained from the battle it had just been through, a sleef^-soaked football that for two hours and a half had been the subject of contrbversy between Purdue and Indiana elevens left Ross-Ade stadium in the hands of Lowell Decker, Purdue varsity fullback, who was so badly burned in the shower-room Are early in the season. Decker left the hospital Sunday and went with his parents to his home in Reading, Mich., to recover and regain his strength. He expects to re-enter the University as a senior next fall. A free-for-all fight for the souvenir pigskin followed the game. Members of both teams strove to gain possession, but “Dutch” Fehring, assistant coach, finally got the ball off the field and gave it to Lowell Decker, who had been in a parked car watching the game from the sidelines.
EXPONENT WORKERS
All freshman and sophomore workers on the Exponent are requested to attend the Sigma Delta Chi meeting in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 tonight. —MORRIS.
City Editor Will Talk To SDX Tonight Frosh Or Soph Writer Will Receive Current
‘Best-SeUer’
“Opportunities In Journalism” will be discussed by Herbert H. Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal and Courier, at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. W. T. Hunt, chairman of Sigma Delta Chi’s committee on its book-a-month award, is supervising the selection of the best article written by a sophomore or freshman that appeared in any campus publication during October. The writer of the article will receive a current “bestseller” book at tonight’s gathering. Heimlich has worked for. the Journal and Courier for more than 15 years and is especially successful at handling country and small town correspondence. He is president of the Optimist Club and is active in civic work. Heimlich attended Indiana University for a time preceding his enrollment in a student training camp during the World War. He is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity.
PIA To Give Dancing Class
Those students who aspire to be Fred Astaires, Stepin Fetchits, et cetera, and who are PIA members, will have an opportunity to learn the intricacies of “tripping the light fantastic” at the P. I. A. dancing school which will start Friday. The classes are to meet once a week for 10 lessons, which will last from 7 to 8:30 p. m., after which a dance will be held for P. I. A. members only. For the convenience of those followers of terpsichore who find it impossible to attend the Monday class, there will be one on Friday, also. The instructor, Mrs. L. Duncan, will be assisted by expert dancers, who will give the beginners actual dancing experience dxiring the later lessons. The instruction is planned to last for 90 minutes with 10 minute rest periods, and will be given in either the Memorial Union ballroom or the faculty loimge. Only P. I. A. members are permitted to take these lessons, which have been reduced from $3, the price heretofore, to $2.50. Sign at the P. I. A. office any afternoon between 4 and 6.
Safety Teachers Confer In Union
The sixth meeting of the Safety Institute was held at' the Union yesterday. In the safety discussion. Prof. Knapp and several prominent men in the field of traffic problems addressed the assembled teachers. These teachers were from Tippecanoe and nearby counties, and are teaching public safety in the public high schools. Several Purdue instructors engaged in traffic problems attended the conference. There will be twelve of these lectures, dealing with various traffic problems, held throughout the entire state. The next conference will be held December 7, in Indianapolis.
Martin Schreyer Elected Grid Captain
Squad Names Drake As Most Valuable Player
Kiwanis Football Banquet Honors Memory Of Dahlbeck, McGannon, and Baumbach
By Dick Obenchain
With a program dedicated to the memory of Carl Dahlbec:^ Tommy McGannon, and Cliff Baumbach, the fifteenth nmnnul Kiwanis Football Banquet was held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building last night. During the evening, the gridiron team elected Martin Schreyer captain of next year’s football squad and chose John
Chorines To Pass In Revue
Humor, Dancing, Singing On Thursday Program
“Coming attractions cast their shadows before.” Black, ordinary shadows, certainly, but also tan shades in this new 1937 Student Union attraction. “Black And Tan Fantasy” it is called, and humor, rhythm, dancing, and singing are features of this free entertainment which will be presented in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building Thursday evening at 8 o’clock. Dancing Chorus Seven co-eds, under the direction of C’Dale Boiler, comprise the dancing chorus, which has several routines. Th^se gals, otherwise known as the “black chorines,” answer to the names of Dorothy Jane Smiley, Mary Francis Olivpr, Barbara Gibbs, Martha Norman, Mary Jean Sefton, Margaret Jones, and Evelyn Ruth. The “gorgeous hussies,” Etta Best, Frankie Eastburn, Judy Jones, Louise Bain, Blanche Kemell, Phyllis Crossman, Peg Timberlake, and Eleanor Turner, make up the pony chorus, which performs under the able supervision of Betty Ann Florer.
Ed Gross will direct the singing chorus, which consists of Clyde Stewart, George Odell, Bill Yeoman, Charles Couch, Lee Blaker, Ben Burns, Bob Heine, and Johnny Brubaker. The TTweets (figure it out for yourself) are Ruth Grimm, Fritzi Walkey, and that “most eligible bachelor” Hugh Morris. Sophisticated Sexton Sisters, Betty Jo and Rufina, furnish the tap-dancing, while Mary Ellen Foresinan, Jean Beemer, and Ed Gross sing as a southern trio. Mary Ed Johnston and Bob Heine portray Little Eve apd Uncle Tom. "[^he minstrel show end-men include .Dave Thoinpson, Tevy Spencer, Fred Ahrens, Virginia Baxter, and Dick Craig. Mock At The Piano Johnny Ammerman and his band will sdpply the music, and Russel Mock will play the piano for all the trio work. Ward Stallings has been in charge of the production, and Jeanne Perkins has arranged all the costumes.
Crowds And More Crowds!
Oaken Bucket Battle Jams Town For Week-end
Jammed hotels, packed streets, and crowded restaurants struggled to accommodate the overflow crowd of thirty thousand rabid football fans who swarmed into Lafayette during the week-end for Dad’s Day and the spectacular Indiana game. By trains and cars, by land and air, afoot and by bus, loyal supporters of the two elevens flocked from every - corner of the Hoosier state for the battle for the Old Oaken Bucket. A record throng stormed the ticket-takers at Ross-Ade stadium; 8,000 were jammed outside the gates at the kickoff, madly shoving and waving their tickets in an effort to gain admission. Completely^swamped, the officials threw the gates open to everyone, and the crowd flowed injike a tidal wave. Traffic Jams Following the game, a traffic tieup cohgested State street and Northwestern avenue. Four lanes of traffic crept across the levee from
PENAJLTY DATES
During the present semester tiiere are four penalty dates. They are: November 26, 27, 12 o’clock December 18 to 12‘ o’clock December 19, and January 4, These four days represent the 24 hour periods perceeding and following the Thanksgiving and Christmas vacations. Executive Memorandum: “No'excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or mark-' ed absent by mistake, may file with the President a 'cei^fled detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of. the recess, petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.’’ Pentd^ Rule: “Any student who to absent from a regular meeting of a^ class during th,e 24 hours (not including Saturday .afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceeding or following an authorized' holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.’^ M. D. FISHER, Dean of Men.
4:30 until after 7. Cafeterias were filled to capacity and by evening food supplies were nearly exhausted. The Union Building was thronged with dads and students visiting and discussing the thrills of the afternoon. In the ballroom, over a thousand couples rubbed elbows to the rhjrthm of two swing bands. The housing problem reached a new high as students doubled up and pulled out day beds in an effort to find accommodations for their dads and friends. On Friday night several persons were seen sleeping in their automobiles on University street.
Who Gets Bucket?
Who gets the bucket? Indiana will have its custody for six months and Purdue will keep it for the same length of time. It has not been definitely decided which university will have it for the first six months, but probably it will remain down in Bloomington until sometime in May. In that case Purdue will have possession of its bucket at game time next year. While here at the University, the oaken receptacle will be placed on exhibition in a large glass case in the library.
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the initiation of the following students: L. 0. Boroviak, Chicago, HI.; N. J. Dougherty, Chicago, 111.; E. P. Sullivan, Louisville, Kentucky; B. Withers, Evanston, HI.; and R, F. Weisehan, Breaksville;^ Ohio.
Drake as most valuable man on the Purdue squad this season. Pays Tribute After the introduction of coaches by Noble Kizer, the lights were dimmed and a spotlight was shone upon actual-size pictures of the three departed members of the squad, which were placed at the south end of the ballroom. The crowd rose to its feet and paid silent grace to the dead players. After this demonstration, President E. C. Elliott paid vocal tribute to their memory. ' The banquet got off to a rousing start when the band played and the crowd sang and beat their glasses to the time of “Jingle Bells.” President Elliott was toastmaster in the absence of D. R. Baker, who was unable to come to the banquet. Introductions Noble Kizer presented his coaching staff, the varsity squad, and several other dignitaries who were present at the gathering. After the introductions, the varsity squad left (Continued on page 3)
Will Open Bids On Fieldhouse
Project Will Be Started About Christmas
Operatic Star Wm Sing Here Tibbett To Be Heard In Jeff Gym Tomorrow
“The future opera in America,” states La-wrence Tibbett, popular baritone, who will be heard at Jefferson High School gymnasium at 8 o’clock tomorrow night, “depends greatly on the willingness of operatic institutions to adapt themselves and their productions to the strongly individual tastes Sof the
American public.
“At present,” continues the Metropolitan star, “ for several hours American people listen to singing in a language of which they can understand little or nothing. 'They see things happening on the stage, but have only a vague idea of what it’s all about, except that at odd moments the soprano kicks uP R terrific row, the tenor waves his arms excitedly, and the baritone
Bids for the University Fieldhouse construction will be advertised for next Wednesday, according to an announcement by R. B. Stewart, University controller, last night. The bids will be due by December 21, and the actual building will begin some time during the Christmas holidays. The fieldhouse will cost about $662,000, according to estimates, and the University officials have arranged means of raising this sum. A PWA grant for $292,400 has been received.
YWCA Sponsors Fireside Party
Y. W. C. A. will sponsor an open fireside party in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building, today, from 4 to 6 o’clock. The Y. W. C. A. invites all co-eds to attend this informal party. Group singing and special music will be provided, and guests may come and go as they wish. Refreshments appropriate to the Thanksgiving season will be served.
First Debate
Here Tonight
St. Viator College, of Bourbonnais, Illinois, will furnish the first competition of the year for the male debate squad in the faculty loimge of the Memorial Union Building. Beginning at 7:30 this evening, the negative team, composed of Magnussen, Buckles, and Rittenhouse, will speak in that order. The question is, “Resolved: That all electric utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated.” Return D^ato A return debate is scheduled with St. Viator on December 2, when the University affirmative team vriU meet them on their campus. Next Saturday the varsity squad of eight men will travel to Chicago, where a triangular meet wiR be held with Chicago, Loyola, and Fwdde as the contestants.
scowls at everyone indiscriminate-
ly.”
Poor Stage Effects “They look at scenery, lighting, and staging that would cause Ziegfeld to turn over in his grave.” “To bring opera really close to Americans, it must be given in the English language—^in the common tongue of the nation. Audiences can never fully enter into the spirit of an opera unless they understand the language in which it is being sung, and unless they are so well acquainted with that language that they can absorb the values and the beauties of the libretto as freely and imconsciously as they do the values and beauties of the music.”
Under Tl|e Mirror Book notes from the Browaintr Rotmi
The Browsing Room has recent^ ly acquired two new books on furniture that are sure to prove most interesting as well as instructive. “Genuine Antique Furniture” is written by Major Arthur de Bles, a well known lecturer at the Metxopolitan Museum of Art. The history of the styles in furniture in this study of antiques contains a mass of valuable information in such readable foimi that one is entertained as well as instructed. Pictorial HandbofA: “English And American Furniture” by Herbert Cescinsi^ and George Leland Himter is a pictorial handbook of the fine furniture that was made in Great Britain and the American Colonies during the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth centmies. In these days whmi so many copies of these fine old pieces are being made, it is of interest to be able to tell the genuine fimm the reproductions and to know when the reproductions are well doneBoth books are wiell illustrated but the latter has more than four bun* dred pictures, most of them grajbic reproductions of museum pimMSk
'MK ^ {* X V
t/ * sT
!i «' 'iV j j.-i" sf T
THE PURD0E EXPOt^ENT
ytiesdity, November 24,1686
The Editor Says
Foolish Plans are being made, so I am informed, for a student sti^e because the Thanksgiving holiday was not granted. This is foolishness of a most dangerous character, because a student strike, even if only a small portion of the student body participated, would give the Un^ versity a bad reputation. The budget which the legislature will presently consider would probably be adversely affected if such a)strike were even attempted. To top it all off, there is no reason for being angry at the University’s action in not declaring a holiday. The calendar is made up months ahead of time, and it cannot be changed on short notice without plunging the school into a hiyriad of difficulties. The petition for this vacation was valuable only because it showed student sentiment, and it will probably result in a longer vacation next year. But even to consider striking because officials did not feel able to alter the calendar will neither help the situation nor Purdue.
Honor System Each semester when examinations come around, some students feel that a reflection is being cast upon their honesty when several professors are present in the class-room and the students are placed several seats apart. Why, the students want to know, is the honor system not adopted at Purdue as it has been at many other universities in this country? The reason is that the honor system has been proven a failure at other schools and there is no reason to believe that the situation would be any different on this campus. A study, described in the Journal of Higher Education, was recently conducted to find out just how much cheating did go on in the classroom. In one test a group of students was asked to identify the meaning of 150 different words in a multiple choice type of test, the student placing in the right hand corner the number of the correct response. In order to find out if the students were dishonest the tests were first scored secretly by an instructor. The papers were then turned back to the students and they were allowed to mark the papers themselves. By using cross section paper it was possible to observe the differences in the secret scoring and the studenf scoring. Out of 409 students that took the test 42 per cent took advantage of the opportunity to cheat on the exam. Furthermore, these results corresponded to the findings of similar studies conducted elsewhere. The article also stated that in one of the southern universities where the honor system was employed, cheating had become a common practice rather than an exception, and that even members of the honor council were found to have cheated. It would be unfair to generalize on the reports given above, but they do seem to show that there is a tendency for cheating to take place when the student is left to himself. It may be that the method of education in the preparatory schools is faulty, but regardless of the cause the fact remains that the honor system is not practical as it now stands. Until it is workable it is unlikely that it will be adopted here.—C. D. S. The “Wearing In” Process Does the average Purdue student know just where he is going? Does he have a definite objective? Does he tie up his college learning with his desire to get ahead ? At least by the end of his freshman year a general goal should take shape in his mind, but just at this time when his ability to progress should expand, the “wearing in” process begins, and the goal too often slips from sight. This “wearing in” is the gradual sinking into the routine in which University life abounds. Classes, shops, and labs fill the major part of the day. Sports, recreation, class preparation, and other activities require the remainder. Little time is left for creative or reflective thinking, wherin the ideas obtained in the classroom may be correlated with the student’s knowledge of the business and social worlds.
Hift $ttrbtte exponent Founded in 188S Entered ae second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mall, 18.60 per year; delivered by carrier, 82.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Dailj Student Publication of Purdue University Z EDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-chief W. T. Hunt WMWfing Editor B. H. Morris Associate Editors E. A. Barnette, 3. H Brock. A. H. Forster, K. P. Manlon. O. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants _ W. M Anthony, D, A. BaUey, 3. A Chapin, J. B. Clark, U 8. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. EeUogg, E. E. ONeil, C. D. Schroeder, H, I. Stanback, D. B. Vance. . ^ 8POBT8 STAFF Bports Jaftor-.»-__ l. D. Wood AssoriMs Eporiu Editors W. H, Fiilsld. S. B. Griffiths. B. F. Obenchain Z'" „ EIWINBSSSTAFF ^WOMfttTS STAFF ...... Hrieu Creech Advertising MusaHiw... - Betty Bsmett Imeb D. Sehroednr.
Laboratory and shop tridning in technical schools comes closest to intimately connecting theory mth practice, but even so the general tendency is for the student to become enveloped in his manifold tasks and activities to the extent that he loses sight of the ultimate objective and emerges three or four years later into a new and confusing world. ^ Each freshman should And a figurative hilltop from which he can view both his school and the world around it. He should set aside a certain period each day or week when he will climb to his hilltop and review his achievments in order to better plan for the future. What have I accomplished, he may ask himself. What bearing will this have on my success? Where shall I go from here? There are many other queries that will enhance this self-examination and lead a progressive thinker to a better appreciation of his school and its opportunities, and a more accurate idea of how it can best train him for his work. If he uses this new perspective diligently he will find that it can do much for him.—J. A. C.
Class Attendance Some discussion has been provoked over a premise in the editorial of last week which read as follows: “Class room technique of teachers would have to be improved in order to attract seniors to class. This improvement would spread itself into the lower division and alleviate one of the more serious problems of the campus.” By class room technique is mean the manner in which the instructor is able to “put across” to his students the meaning of a particular course, using his personality, his own embellishments, and his own peculiar technique, as opposed to a dry rehashing of the contents of a text book. In institutions where the optional class attendance system has been successfully put into practice, it has been found that the professor noted for his inability to keep students interested, and, therefore, his inability to teach the course, suffered a decrease in prestige when students refused to attend his class. In this way, the professor either was forced to change his methods, putting new vigor into his class work or resign his position at the institution. Harsh ? There may be some disagreement as to that, but it must be admitted that if a teacher cannot attract and hold the interest of sudents in his field, no matter what it may be, he should forego his right as a teacher and turn to experimentation, research, or some other work to which he would be more adapted than teaching. At any rate, it is unfair to students to impose upon them a teacher wh,o year after year, proves to be unable to conduct a course satisfactorily. Likewise, those teachers whose subjects are open to lower division students would feel the renewed vitality which, as has been said before, of necessity would come about. The Kernel feels that keeping instructors on their toes, so to speak, constitutes one of the major problems at the University, and many of the administration will concur in the idea. It also believes that the best way to overcome this problem would be to put into immediate effect the optional class attendance system for seniors.—^Kentucky Kernel.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Diplomatic Careers At one time diplomacy and statesmanship consisted of getting all sorts of concessions for the diplomat’s country. Included in the requirements for a diplomat were tact, natural ability, super-intelligence, experience, and a full knowledge of the business. It really was a business once, and still is, for some nations—^raost nations, in fact, except the United States. Our poor diplomatic maneuvers cannot be excused because the federal government is constantly changing in personnel. They result from a lack of training and from the absence of the career system. In England, for example, the government quite frequently changes hands. Although major policies may be affected by these changes, the machinery and the men are immediately available for action. In the United States our policy doesn’t undergo much change, but an almost completely new organization is built every four or eight years. Some of the subordinates work at the job year after year, but when we select an ambassador, we pick the man who put the most money into the campaign pot of the party in power. This is truly a sad state of affairs.
Are we glBd this week-end is over ... Yes ... didn’t we win a moral victory ... Yes j ,. didn’t our Chess team beat Indiana's . . .. Yes . . . and isn’t Purdue the best.. yes... See the exotic balloon dance— hear those end men crack wise— watch those gorgeous? ? ? babies dance at the UNIOIL SHOW THIS THURSDAY NIGHT—the advance showings of this spectacular—stupendous — colossal — gigantic performance aren’t half bad — if the chorus gals are as good in the show as they are in practice—well, it will be O.K DRIZZLE GIRLS y When Chi-0 eyes are smilin’. Sure, there’s mischief in her heart; Take care you Purdue Ed— She’ll upset your apple-cart. When Chi-0 arms are opened To take you to her heart; Alas, poor Boilermaker, Your future sure looks dark. ^ —H. R. G. WHAT DOES THE QUESTION MARK ON THE FRONT PAGE STAND FOR? ? ? . . .
Lincoln Lodge was the scene of the biggest brawl that was ever staged in Lafayette, Saturday-night there were three Purdue couples that were satisfied to establish their identity as having been in such a den—^the rest of the multitude was made up of lU students—^by the way it was a stag’s paradise—^the gals in attendance were having much fun dishing out kisses to every man that came along . . . You know it, ace”—^how long is this phrase going to haunt our every waking moment . . . GRAD BLABS: DICK MOORE toted MARY ESTER CONVERSE to the dance Saturday . . . ARTIE ZAPP chiseled on BURNELL and took RUTH CRISTOPHERSON ... ED ELLIOTT returned to shove around MARJORIE MURDOCK ,town girl . . . BILL DAWSON and DUSTY RHODES were cavorting around . . . boy, that gal MUTT MORIN brought with him sure did have class '. . . TOM O’GARA and MEM DECKER were back to-gether once again . . . BILL HOEFFER was tripping around with PETEY LIGHT . . . ART BRADBURY dated with MARION WINTERROWD on Friday night and VIRGINIA GRIFFIN Saturday night . . . JACK FARR and MARY FRIEND were sure hitting it off MARY ELLEN BARRUM shore raised cam with averything and anything that she came in contact with during her prolonged visit.. . STU DISTELHORST, former B&B expounder, wandered around as though he were looking for doit in his old manner . . . MARTHA KRAFT 1ms still got BOB STRAWBRIDGE wrapped around her little finger .. . JOHNNY ERNST looked awful good to AILEEN MARSHALL . . . “Mammy” HOGUE raised an equivalent amount of ?!)! ?’)$? as usual... SID FENSTERMAKER brought an awful nice gal along with him . . . WILSON ISERT brought his pretty sister, FLORENCE, with him . . . BUD
1, Upbo]4 the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SBtF-GQvernment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honurai7 fees. 4, Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Reform tho Student Union election system. 3. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
GRIH and bear it
ByJLichty
“Next time you come in this late, ydu’H go to bed without your breakfast.”
KING wandered around with TICKY THEISS while his immesake JOHNNY just wandered around .. MARY LOUISE LUSTIG and DICK SHOEMAKER are more in love with each other than ever and they didn’t hide the fact a bit . . . The Kappas sure did put quite a few very respectable and honorable (and innocent) individuals upon the pan in their program Sunday night ■by the way Miss Sal Schaff sang that song “My Bill” couldn’t have possibly referred to Sigma Chi, BILL EWOLT, by any chance? ? .. MARS PASSES The passes will be given to anyone who turns in the most acceptable doit, pome, or dope which will be adaptable to this here columb— anything you think up just turn in at the Union desk—^HELEN STEFFEE got the comps last week —^you ought to get them this week or the next . . .
KEYS Keys for tnmks^ door locke. desk locks, niidit latches and paAocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY First Lqfayette Showing «1N TIN tin JB. "Skull and Crown” Eplt^'D LOWE KAltEN|MOHLEY ^^hunder In the Night”
BUSH TODAY - WEDNESDAY I 2 Big Features |
GE0R6ERAFT DobicsEiistello BARRYMORE
, lbs PsffQSBt Pigtyff
A PsraaoMl Plefar*
Here’s a picture to shout about ... so fine... so human ... so great that everyone should see
VALIANT IS THE WORD FOR ! CARRIE 1 WITHGLADYS GEORGE ARLINE JUDGE :JOHN HOWARD^ DUDLEY DIGl.tS HARRY CAREY .
NOW PLAWa LUMA
STUDENT SPECIAL Chicago to Bloomington Sunday, Nov. 29, 1936 Leave Chicago 6:00 P. M. “ Lafayette.... 7:60P.M. “ C’ville 8:30 P.M. “ Greencastle. 9:15 P. M. Ar. Bloomington. .10:15 P. M. For further information call L. D. Wood, Phone 6701.
MARS NOW PLAYING DARfmLY' mw/o sensationally UNUSUAL!
.e.so Mcttm /ROMANCE YOU'LL LOVB EVBHY SBCOND OF ft
.. jean HERSHOLT ROCHEllE HUDSttH HUIM VINSON niNi SUMMERVIUI — Pins — “GAGS AND GALS” MUSICAL COMEDY
Now Playing Lafayette's First Showing A love stwy that speaks from the deep heart of one glorious woman to the secret hearts of all women!
With ELIZABETH ALLAN HONALD CRISP. Doris Dudlsy David Mannersr-Xt ft' ^2 ' '' >r'2'"/ ''v'-'’'tt 0''-'^^' 2''" ‘'
itMoita
THfi fftOftOOB EXPONENT
>«
Boilermaker^ CriUigon Struggle To 20-20 Tie
Aeri^ Plays Predominate Traditional Old Oaken
Bucket Clash in Ross-Ade Stadium
Ey Bob McDonald
Beneath a leaden sky which threatened to precipitate sleet at any' moment, two mighty teams keyed to concert pitch battled their way into a 20-20 deadlock before 30,000 fans in an effort to decide which school would have the distinct honor of possessing an old, broken down, oaken, well-bucket for the
ensuing year.
Award Co-eds WAA Letters
Numerals and letters will be awarded at tha W. A, A. Sports Spread, which will ha heW November 24, from 6 to 7 o’clock, at the W. A. A. cabin. Betty Arnold, as president of the organization, will give the class numerals, which may be secured as a result of 100 points, and “P” letters, which require 1,000 points.
^ -f > ^
-f
-f >
BIG TEN RESULTS
-f -f d- -f -f -f
-f
^ >
W L T Pet
Northwestern
..6
0
0 1.000
Minnesota
..4
1
0 .800
Ohio State
..4
1
0 .800
purdue
-3
1
1 .750
Indiana
-3
1
1 .760
Illinois
.2
2
1 .600
Chicago
..1
4
0 .200
Iowa
..0
4
1 .000
Wisconsin
-.0
4
0, .000
Michigan
-.0
6
0 .000
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Seobee'e REMBRANDT STUDIO f ortraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
k R.J,BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Two greater triple-threat backs than Isbell and Huffman seldom have the chance to oppose each other in such a Strong’'hearted, spirited game. Two harder fighting etids than Powell and Zachary have never worn the
Black and Gold.
John Drake further established his gridiron reputation by his bard hitting, hard blocking, and hard tackling. And in direct contrast in size, Freddie Stalcup, together with Ippolito and Cody Isbell, completed a rostrum of backfield personalities
second to none.
Captain Bell, fcichreyer, Woltman, Graves, Grant, Burmeister and the other Purdue linemen were brilliant throughout the entire game. As for the Indiana team, they deserve the heartiest of congratulations. They presented a combination which wouldn’t be licked.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1 7:00—^Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Triangle. 7:16—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Chi. 8:26—^KAppa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:40—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pirathon. Court 2 7:00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Psi. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:26-^Lambda Chi vs. Sigma Chi. 8:40—^Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.' (^onrt 3 7400—^Beta Theta Pi vS, Theta Tau. 7:16—Kappa Delta Bho vs. Sigma Nu. 8:26—^Phi Delta Thetu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
LAWRENCE TIBBETT Baritone
Jefferson High School Gym Wednesday, Nov. S5th, at 8 p. ni. No Resorvod Seats—General Admission $1.00 Tickets on sale at Decker's, Southworth's, Deac's, Jefferson High School, University Cashier, and Union Desk. Hig^h School and Grade School Pupils may purchase tickets for 25c at Jefferson High School and West Side High School. AUSPICES PURDUE LECTURES AND CONVOCATIONS
Eleet Hobertson P’ Club President
Dr. C. H* Roherteon, ’97, Purdtte alumnn^ and old time football star, was elected president of the "P” Men’s Club at a luncheon Saturday in the Union. More than 76 lettermen of former years attended the lunchebn. Robertson succeeded Walter Krull, ’06, as president, and W. P. Pehring, of the varsity coaching staff, was elected secretarytreasurer.
Schreyer Elected Gridiron Captain (Continued from pag^ 1)
JOHN DRAKE
the room to elect a new captain and the most valuable player. Coach Piggy Lambert was called upon to tell the audience of Purdue’s prospects of a successful basketball season. In his speech. Coach Lambert could “make no predictions as to the outcome of the season but I have hope for aS pretty good ball club and I p|:omise that the team will at least be entertaining,” Hannigan Talks The address was given by Steve Hannigan, one of the foremost sports writers in the country. Hannigan, who is a former local and Purdue man, has given Purdue much publicity in -the sporting line in the East where he lives and was introduced as the “local boy who madb good.” The banquet committee was composed of John Walker, chairman; Albert L. Pyke, Albert G. Wolsieffer, Edward Manefee, T. Randolph Smith, and Robert L. Henderson. In addition to the major letter awards, mihor letters were awarded to 11 men, and special “B” team awards to, 20 additional members of the squad. Freshman varsity numerals were' awarded to 63 yearlings. The complete list of letter awards follo'ws:'
i i j, ' ' ‘''■"i' IX'
Wildcats Win 'g-k • ¥11 Big Ten Race
IVunieirotiS Ties Feature Tke Final Conference Standings Saturday closed the gridiron season for Big Ten Conference teams with Northwestern holding undisputed possession of first place, although the Wildcats did lose to the Notre Dame fighting Irish eleven by a score of 26-6. Notre Dame thus reversed last year's result when Northwestern, achieving an upset, gave the Irish its only defeat of the season. The defeat also dissipated the Wildcats’ hopes for their first unbeaten, untied eleven in nearly five decades of football. In a bruising and battering battle, Iowa’s Hawkeyes sprang a major surprise on an eastern power by walloping the Temple University Owls, 26 to 0. Buckeyes Second Ohio State combined power and “razzle-dazzle” to defeat Michigan’s Wolverines, 21 to 0, ^vihg the Bucks a second-place tie in. the Western Conference race. Wrecking Wisconsin’s hopes for an upset victory with a crushing offense in the first half, the University of Minnesota’s powerful gridiron machine coasted to a 24 to 0 victory at Madison. Purdue, Indiana Tie Purdue and Indiana fought to a 20 to 20 draw in the Western Conference thriller. As a result the 'two teams finished in a tie for fourth place in the standings. Illinois kicked Chicago out of a tie for six place in the final Big Ten standing, by defeating the Maroons, 18 to 7.
waka; W. H. Gowan, New Philadelphia, Ohio; W. Haag, Evansville; J. F. Harper, Ashland, Kan. ;/V, O. Heckman, Oak Park, 111. j Ted Hennis, Chicago, HI.; E. Herbert, Teyre Haute; L, Hughes, Norwich, N. Y.; J. Jerrell, Noblesville; h. Johnson, Millington, HI.; H. W. Kashner, West Lafayette; M. Kennedy, Terre Haute; J. Krause, Hammond ; F. C. Lee, Fort Wayn^e. P. Liebrecht, Yonkers, N. Y.; B. Lorenz, Hammond; H. Lucas, Lafayette; L. J. Luzar, Indianapolis; F. T. Mackiewicz, Chic^o, HI.; B. Markle, Bluefield, West Virginia; J. M. Martin, West Lafayette; E. Meers, Tilton, 111.; A. Mickewich, Bayonne, N, J.; A. Momingstar, Massillon, Ohio; B. Mortis, Portland; L. E. Morrison, Indianapolis; J. N. Myers, Toledo, Ohio; A. F. Nemeth, South Bend; J. R. Nesbitt, Jenner, Pa.; R. O. Potter, Sioux Falls, S. D.; F. A. Pugh, )Ridge Fajrm, 111.; A. Baebel, Somerton, 'Ariz.; P.'- Ramputi, Newburgh, N. Y.; R. BeuBoiu, Bfarvey, 111.; Schriber, Haj^n, Ohio; A. Shackleton, Joliet, HI.; A. M. Thom, Wabash; S. Thursby, North Tonawanda, N. Y.; O. Verplank, Lafayette; V. Vitkus, Knox; R. Vyverberg, Lafayette; J. Welsch, Hmnpstead, N. Y.; R. D. White, Boston, Mass.; J. S. Wlengerski, Oak Park, HI.; N. B. Willey, Chicago, HI.; F. Winchell, Southport; E. Yeager, Connersville.
ielder’s*... ....choice
■By Beh WalRritoi.
What, a ball game I I . . . determinatidn and the will to win, can be attributed to the Boilermaker’s tie last Saturday in the most breathtaking, thrilling football gsime seen in these parts for years ... —fc— To Captain George Bell, who entered the game after Indiana’s fast third touchdown, followed by their conversion for the extra point, we congratulate yon for yonr prowess in reorganizing a tired ball club ... and to the rest of the boys who made it possible to score in that last five minutes of the fourth quarter, we send our complete gratitude . . . —^fc— How Cecil Isbell ever threw those long passes, and how Jim Zachary ever caught them is a complete mystery . . . they were nothing short of miraculous . . . —^fc— Although the final score was a 20-20 deadlock, Pnrdue’s pulling the game out of the fire in the last minute^ as they did, makes it almost a moral victory for the Boilermakers . . . the attitude of the crowd was peculiar ... as they filed out of the stadium, both Indiana and Purdue fans were smiling, both under the infiuence of the strain of the game . . . —^fc—
Now to look to the future , , . eight weeks short of a year until the Boilermaker football eleven is to oppear on the gridiron again .. . Coach Noble Kizer will have a host of material for his 1937 eleven, a host of experienced gridders who have gone through this season, plasnng the breaks of the game ... included are Cecil and Cody Isbell, both capable of making All-Con-ference teams next year . . . Jim Zachary, Bill Vergane, George Spehn, and Don Powell, ends who will see plenty of action next year . . . . Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, tackles of no mean ability who have already had almost two complete seasons of regular ball . . . and the remainder of the line will have to be developed with Andy Grant and Nate Bush probable first choice for guards and Humphries at center. . . —^fc— Those boys will lick Indiana next year . . . wait and see ...
Major Letters
Capt. George Bell, Detroit, Mich.; Andy Botney, Glen Rogers, W. Va., Forrest Burmeister, Davenport, Iowa; John Drake, Chicago, 111.: Joe Fitzgerald, Ravenna, Ohio; Wayne Gift, .Canton', Ohio; Andy Grant, Terre Haute; Lee Graves, Hammond; Paul Humphrey, Terre Haute; Anthony Ipi)olito, Chicago, 111.; Cecil Isbell, Hpuston, Tex.;
Cody IsbeH, Houston, Tex.; Anthony Juska, go, 111, 5 Woodrow Knprr, St. Louis,
Chicago, —, .—. .
Mo.; James Maloney, Chicago, 111.; Ben Medley, Owensboro, Ky.; Joe Mihal, Michigan City; Basil Petry, Terre Hautp; Dpn Powell, Fort Wayne; Robert Purdy, Piqua; Ohio: Martin Schreyer, South Bend; Robert Selby, Mansfield, Ohio; George Spehn, Chicago, 111.; Fred Stalcup, Bickn'ell; William Upton, Muncie; William Vergane, Michigan City; Clem Woltman, South Bend; James Zachkry, Princeton, Post-humous awards were made Thomas Francis McGannon and
Carl Edward Dahlbeck,
Minor Letters Nate Bush, Columbus; Boss Dean, West Lafayette; L. Diehl, Baldwin, L. I., N. Y.; Robert Faris, Indianapolis: Clark George, Fqrt Waype; Dick Johnson, Barberton', Ohio; Harry Krause, Cblc^o, HI. { Charles Purvis, Glennville, Ga,; Simon, Fort Wayne; Dich Stephenson, PJympVi%5 Thomas Steward, LaGrange, IIL; W. W. Hodgdon, Ben Avon, Pa., manager; Fred Miaish, Tipton, managfr,
“B” T^*tt Awards J. Ainsworth, Noblesville; M. 8. Arona^ South Bend; B. Ainslie, West Lafayette; W. S. Bendell, Chicago, 111.; C. H. Bliss, Milltown ; C. E. Decker,''Bluffton; J. A. Dilts, Winamac: P. S. Emrlck, West Lafayette; M. T. Gannon, Indianapolis: M. G. Johnston, Knightstovrn; G, J, Kodrps. Alton, lUiJ 0. W. Mann, Lafayette; L. B. Margollan, Dayton, Ohio; R. W. Michael, Bluffton; N. P. Foulos, Dayton, Ohio; Glen' Scrivnor, MioW. gan City: John Since, West Lafayette; 6, J. Straley, Fort Wayne; 0. S. Wagner, Mishawaka; N. B. Wright, Denver, Colo.
Freshman Numerals
laPorte
. A. E. Bachman,
Terre Haute. L, S*. Bonacc:,
y.; R. Brady, Welti hafa^to 1H. W. Dromw
: G, A. Bkohsom, lei, ^ch^w. N,
or, Sa^naw, Mich.; E. Britt^ 'Weet Liiey-
ette; L. " - ~ - ~
Brook, Stafford, Kan.; J. S.
Brown, ntoiangpolia t J. B. Carter, Hazen, Ark.; IL T. Clark, Owensboro, Ky.; B. DeMwra, Indianapolis; L. DeWltt^ lliahawakai A, M^etowji, QMe: B. M,
^aks, iMtoa.
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS THE NATION'S HEALTH TOMORROW
; CHRISTMAS, iSEAIS Stfrta <mdl<oe<dTubai<ind«8U JUHMcicttteiui oldiaThiited Stolmi
Pnrdue Nettera - ? Throw l?racfi<to ^ ; Into Ftill Swing Opening Gaaie .'SdiedttM
Agraiiist Wastenl State
With football smisohover, ftie athletic department is imw pofishhigr ttpthebasketbailtogs. Fardne^with the loss of Kessler being heavily felt, will again do its part toward making the Western Conference race an interesting one. 'The Boilermakers will open their season against Western State on December 7 at lafayette. Team Experienced Coach Ward Lambert 'will pat a well-balanced team on the floor as well as a team with some valiiable experience. As yet, the sqaad can not be named, as practice has just began and it is impossible to pick over four or five possibilities as sqaad members.
SQUASH Practice Today 3:00—^Delta Upsilon. 4:00—Delta Tan Delta. 6:00—^Alpha Tau Omega. 7:00—^Phi Gamma Delta.
ACT NOW! 11 AMAZING POUCH VALUE!
$|.00 POUCH MVINHt COmCEGOLOKIQf!
> ■ » wad one inaldtt wUta peomfiBn wrappex fromatlixof Edgewortto Jr« We xxxake tide amaoing ofltor of a $1.00 Itogliah T^pe Foldins Ptonoh in Rep Cloth with Railberiaed Uixex Ihc only 10(i and one wtapper'inat to peranado yon tn tiy Edgeworth Jr. Buy a tin <d Edgewxwth Jhr* today. Taho out the inaide wrapporw Send the wrappormidyouKdinie together with thia <»npon (o* write yonr name* eoilege and addreea on the wrapper)—and wo will eend yonr-poneh inrmediately. Only onoton . onatomer. SPKMi QffiR
inrmdBra,fto.»RiaiHioinjhTr)h g
Eiwlawd Rot 10$ ond wo hnMe white I pereffiawrei^erltoaxatlaerRhtewoKdk 1 tehaeeo ywnh. tany eallige eelaie. ' I
I I I
I ' "I enwaaeJPteh
MteM
AddtaOte
CQURCaE
a
AjB^TOU QBITINGAII
SXPONlSNTt
'1.
i T,- ??-■'
Afi I >**' (I
'I ^
''4 't
'f {
tHE PU'RDtJHi EXPONENT
Ttieaday. NxirVemiber
Many Quldren Accident Victims
Out of the total of 36,000 persons hilled last year in automobile accidents in this country, nearly 1,500 of the victims were under five years of age and around 3,800 others who met death were between the ages of five and fourteen, according to figures on the results of automobile accidents compiled by the Travelers Insurance Company. Nearly 80 per cent of all the children killed under the age of five were on the streets as pedestrians, the total of such casualties amounted to almost 1,200. Slightly more than 75 per cent of the children between the ages of five and fourteen who were killed, or almost 2,900, were also on the streets as pedestrians. Although many children are killed because of playing in streets, the records for last year show that out of a total of anproximately 5,300 child deaths there were only 1,800 that resulted from playing in the streets.
More than ^9,000 children under the age of five were injured nonfatally in automobile accidents last year, and 143,000 between the ages of five and fourteen were also hurt Around 25,000, or 64 per cent of thi child victims under the age of five, were injured while on the streets as pedestrians, and 93,000, or 65 per cent of the children between the ages of five and fourteen also injured, may be classed as pedestrians. Altogether the automobile casualty record last year in this country included the deaths of 5,290 children under the age of fifteen and the injuring of 182,210. While children should be taught to take care of themselves, the large number of child victims of automobile accidents does not speak any too veil of the manner in which many persons drive their cars. “Drive Carefully, We Love Our Children” is a safety message which ought to be always uppermost in the minds of all motorists.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Doimer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main, at 7th
Phone 6050
The thinkinsr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions ^ 26c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Body and Fender Straightenins Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting. Auto Body Shop 421-423 North Third Dial 2998
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—Gold pocket vpatch. Valuable as keepsake. $5 reward. Donald Fitting, 224 Sheetz.
Lost—A pair of black leather, fleece-lined mittens. Reward. R. Stradling. Call 75913.
Lost-^Brown leather Reward. Call 36210.
billfold.
Moore’s Colonial Market—^220 N. Fifth street, have a large display of antique furniture, old china, and brass. Reasonable prices.
For Rent—New, modern, furnished sleeping room. Close to Purdue. Suitable for students. Call 71201.
Lost—^Wrist watch, between the Armory and Pharmacy Building, 10 a. m., Monday, November 23. Call E. Hartman, 465 Vine.
Lost—Decitrig slide rule, comer State and Northwestern. Call D. B. Lewis, 3904 or 66374.* Reward.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Sorority Recordings—^Tbe date of making fraternity and sorority recordings has been chailged from Wednesday, November 18 to Tuesday, November 24 at 8:16, in the Music Room. —PUTZE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Fledge meeting Tuesday, November 24, at 7:80 p. m., in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —MERRIAia.
Y. W. C. A.—Open meeting in form of worship service for Thanksgiving at 4 o'clock, November 25, in facuty lounge of Memorial Union Building. —SCHAEFFER.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—Get key replicas at Phi Kappa Alpha house as soon as possible. Cost 25 cents. —SCHMUCK.
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. ^ M. E. membership in G. A. Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal.” —WELDY.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges—^All pledge themes must be in today. —WIRTH.
11H if
If you want the best in
H li ih
Guns and Ammunitions
22 long rifle
27c See us
•t ’
22 longs
- 22c SHELLS
;!t
22 shorts..
.V..17C 59c up
SPERB’S
.... Hardware
.1 L 1 J
824 Main
Wesisr Foundation Hotuw—John Jung, Purdue sophomore Chinese student, will speak on Buddhism. Everybody is welcome. —McEACHRON.
Mechanicals—Join the A. S. M. E. in G. A. Youngs office before December 1, to put Purdue first in the publication of all members’ names in the December “M. E. Journal.” —WELDY.
Union Thanksgiving Show—There will be a dress rehearsal in the ballroom tonight at 7 p. m. Important that all he present I —stallings.
Union Workers—^My committee report to the ballroom during any off hour, also Tuesday at 4:00. All those that can be present, report at 7:00. --STALLINGS.
Netwman Club—Basketball practice for those interested at St. Mary’s gym tonight at 7:00 p. m. —CARTON.
Tau Beta Pi—Formal initiation at 6 p. m., November 24, in. room 1 of the Union Building. Banquet at 6 p. m. Faculty is cordially invited. —WIRTH.
Purdue Plying Club—Meeting November 24 in room D of the Union at 7:16. Capt. George Haskins will speak. All members are requested to be present. —SMITH.
Purdue Engineer Staff Members—^Meeting of all staff members today at 4:00 p. m. —JONES.
Gimlet Pledges—Please pay for paddles immediately at the Phi Kappa Tau house. —HAMILTON.
A. S. M. E.—Officers and sophomores to meet in the computing room, November 24, at 4 p. m. Bring lists. —WELDY.
Agriculturist — All departmental editors contact me at the office November 23, between 6 and 7 p. m. —PARKISON.
W. S. G. A.—Judicial board meeting November 24, at 7 :16 p. m., in the office. —PELDT.
Union Sophomores—^My committee will meet in the Union office, November 24, at 4:30 p. m. Important. —WIEGANDT.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in the Union workshop, November 24, at 4 p. m —RIETH, REED, CLAYPOLE.
Union Sophomores—My committee will report to the Union office November 24, at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
Independent Staff—^Important meeting on Tuesday, November 24, at 7 p. m., in the P. I. A. office. —COX.
Debris Salesmen—All Debris salesmen be at the Debris office at 4 p. m., November 24. Announcement of a new sales contest will be made. Everyone be present. —VAN NATTA.
Forestry Club—^Meeting in the Horticulture Building, November 24, at 7:00 p. m. —SWINFORD.
Independent Staff—Important meeting tonight at 7:00. —SENNSTROM.
We are ready to get your clothes ready for
Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES
Cosmopolitan Club—^Will the following please meet in room F of the Union Building at 4:16, November 24; E. Blandon, Ruth Bilger, Berube, Y. Y. Chou, Marcia Clevenger, V. Conciatu, Ceborsky, Clark, M. Cerda, Margaret Dunn, Landon, Mendez, Merkin, Merchant, Neptune, R. Uner, J. Williams. —FUTOOHEE,
Catalyst Club—^Meet at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house November 24, at 7:30 p. m. —BLUEMEL,
Y. W. C. A. Fireside Party—^All co-eds are invited to attend the open meeting November 24, at 4 o’clock, in the women’s lounge of the Union. —McIntosh.
student Relations Committee of Student Senate—Short meeting in Senate office, November 24, at 4 p. m. —WOOD.
W. A. A. Hiking—All girls desiring to hike to the Sport Spread, report at the women’s gymnasium, November 24, at 4:80 p. m. -DOBSON.
Physical Education For Women—Posture pictures will be taken November 24, from 8 to 12 a. m., and 1 to 4 p. m. Every student enrolled in physical education classes must make an appointment. —HAZELTON.
Camp Craft Course—Girls participating in the camp craft course are asked to'come to the first aid meeting at 7:30 tonight in the women’s gym. —HALSTEAD.
Co-ed Hockey—Seniors play the sophomores November 26, at 4 p. m., to decide the championship. —HALSTEAD.
THE STUDENT CAFE RECENTLY REMODELED . . . NOW SERVING Chop Suey...Chow Mein Fresh Lobsters, Shrimps and Oysters Delicious Chinese Dessert With livery Order to Take Home Also Chinese Tea for Sale EXPERIENCED CHINESE COOK Delivery Service . . . Opened Honrs 11:00 A. M.-12:30 P. M. 341 State St. Phone 2816 West Lafayette
SHAVE
Packard LEKTRO-SHAVER puts on end to all bother with creOms, brush, lather, blades and such. Puts on end to smarting faces, too. They cdl belong to yesterday. Now, shove twice a doyif youlikel That exclusive, smooth-gliding, round-head cutter ... Packard's patent . goes everywhere, into the ears, nostrils, along the jaw OTd around the neck. Wherever it goes, hair vanishes like magic leaving the skin satin-smooth and pleasantly stimuktied. Come today and let us demonstrate the PACKARD Lektro-Shaver. Costs $15. Buy it. Shave “'with the greatest of ease" ... for years and years ... at no further cost. PACKARD With the Smooth Cutting ROUND Head .LIKTRO-SnaVIB
DECKER’S
518-520 Main
Phone 6477
English 61 Students—^Last chance to get stage hours November 30, at 4 p. m. Playshop Stage Crew—Vacation until November 80, at 4 p. m., in the sub-base-ment of the Union Building. —GLOVER. , , Dance Class—All Independents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P. I, A. office. —BUXTON. . ^7—All those in Ward 17 (Lafayu ^ Pl®y in'tra-mural basketball this semester call 6449 between 6 and 7 p. m., November 24. —GERSHUNY. Music Room Recordings—^The following organizations will report to the Music Room for making recordings, November 24. —Kappa Alpha Theta 8:10—Sigma Chi. 8!20—Kappa Kappa Gamma. 8:80—^Phi Gamma Delta. 8:40—Alphi Chi Omega. 8:60—^Delta Upsilon. . —PUTZE.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
, JSUDDEN Service
P I ^ ■ 8
RINTING, Offle* SMIonwy . ^ WeddiflS Invllalloni
PHONE ” Wm BooksjElc..,, 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERR
fl
Phone 7727
COEDS NOTICE!
Our Special Coed Days will be on Wednesday and Friday This Week
because of the Holiday.
Kienly Beauty Studio
662 Main
REPLACEMENT PARTS FOR ALL CARS EVERYDAY LOW PRICES
All Steel Motor Valves
13c
up
Rebabbitted Connecting Rods
OOm and up. OOb Exoh.
Piston Rings
Dependable Axle Shafts
COMP. I OIL 9c 14c and up I and up
S1.29
and
Ring Gears and Pinions
ill
and 'up I per set Brake Lining
WOVEN I MOLDED 7c 23c I and up
Guarantee TIRE AND RUBBER CO. 523 Main St. Phone 3388 Open Sundays—8:30-11:30 A. M.
Special Lusgase Values Large Stock of Modern Serviceable Luggage Men's All-Leather Gladstone $7.95 to $25.00 All-Leather Zipper Bags $3.98 to $10.00 Ladies' Overnight Cases $3.50—$4.95 All-Leather Overnight Cases $7.95 to $12.50 Ladies' Gladstone Cases gJown $10.00—$12.50 Ladies' Fitted Cases $16.50 $19.50 Metal Suit Cases $2.95 Hand Trunks $4.95
MEN'S FURNISHINGS Dress Shirts ASted’^SIeeve Length $1.00 tO $1.95 Ty-Best Ties, guaranteed 55c—$1.00 Pajamas ESSJ^or coat style $1.19, $1.59, $1.95 Athletic Shirts and Shorts, each 25e, 35c Lastex Top Men's Hose, pr. 35c Ind usie"" 3 pr. $1
Tnieme & Wangerin Co.
West Side Square