--r J,.
The Weather
Cloudy and colder, Lo- ^ cal rain or snow. Tomorrow generally fair.
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
Vote to^f
If you are a PIA mem* ber, go to the polls aodi
vote today!
TUESDAY
April 18, 1939
Lodfayette, Indiana
VoLSO
Me. 159
Dr. Straus Scheduled For ton Momantoili PIA Will Elect Officers Today
Ed, Co-ed Marital Talks
Speaks Before Co-eds Men Will Hear Woman Ballroom Will Become
Submits Winning
proraDecoraiknis Po||s ln Uiiion Great Hall
Tonight At 7 OXIock Physician Today At 4
Dr. Elizabeth Kale Straus, Chicago physician, will address senior women on “Marriage as a Normal Relationship” this evening at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union. This discussion will be the third in a series of marital lectures sponsored by WSGA. In connection with her address Dr. Straus will present motion pictures. Passports are necessary for admittance to the lecture. Freshmen women will have an opportunity to hear Dr. Straus speak on “Social Hygiene” as part of their personal living course. On Wednesday and Thursday afternoons until 4 o’clock, Dr. Straus will be available at Memorial Gymnasium for individual or small group conferences with any women students. On Thursday evening April 20, Dr. Frances Hannett from the University of Chicago will continue the marital lectures with a talk on “The Emotional Side of Marriage,” also to be held in the women’s lounge of the Union.
Closing the current marital lecture series sponsored by the University Dr. Elizabeth Straus will give a lecture for men only, today at 4 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering lecture room. The subject of Dr. Straus’ lecture will be “Marriage as Seen by a Woman Physician.”
This will be Dr. Straus’ sixth visit to Purdue as a marital lecturer. Besides being a prominent woman physician in Chicago, she is married and the mother of three children.
Previously Dr. Straus lectured to the men only. This year, however, she is giving a separate lecture for co-eds also.
Light, Forster, '38,
Married Saturday
Woodruff Randolph Will Talk On Labor
Hugh Forster, PSE ’38, and Mary Jean “Petie” Light were married Saturday night at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Temple in Evanston, 111. The wedding was a double ceremony, with Petie’s sister. Virginia Light Winter, and Wilbert; Ebert as the other couple.
Problem Tomorrrow
Addressing Dr. Walter’s class in Industrial Relations, and all others interested in labor problems. Woodruff Randolph, national secretary of the International Typographical Union AvjH speak tomorrow morning at 10 a. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. In his 60 minute talk, Randolph will present the viewpoint of labor and the labor leaders on various aspects of present day affairs. According to him, those engaged in the labor game aren’t theorists; they leave the theorizing to college professors. Randolph started his career as a printer’s helper, following the trade while attending law school at night. After becoming a lawyer he returned to the printing business, working his way up to his present position as head of the union. Deeply interested in education, Randolph is making his trip in order to give students a better knowledge of actual conditions not discussed in textbooks.
Forster served four years on the Exponent, acting as “Bold and Black editor last year. He was a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon social fraternity, of Tau Beta Pi engineering honorary, of Iron Key honor service group, of Sigma Delta Chi journalistic fraternity, and of several other University organizations.
Mrs. Hugh Forster filled the coed editorship of the Debris during her senior year at Purdue. She was a member of Pi Beta Phi social sorority, of Mortar Board service organization, and of other honorary groups. She was graduated with distinction last June.
The Forsters will make »their home at 1109-B, East Powell St., Evansville, Ind., after a week’s honeymoon through the midwest. Hugh is a reporter on the Evansville Press.
Several Purdue students, including Bridesmaid Georgiana Pittman and Ushers Bob Hensler and Rip Manion—attended the wedding and the following reception in the Georgian Hotel.
Joe Cappo To Play
G. E. Man Will Speak Gingham Gallop
Friday Before AIEE
C. R. Stover, lighting specialist, incandescent lamp division of Geneial Electric Company, will be on the campus Friday to speak before a joint meeting of the Central Indiana Section of AIEE and the University student branch. Stover will discuss and demonstrate the recent discoveries being made in the search for greater efficiency and effectiveness in turning electrical energy into visible light. The lecture, among other developments, will include discussions on the new fluorescent tubes, developed by the company last year, and the tiny mercury vapor lamps described recently in Life magazine. The meeting will be held in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building, and will start at 8 p. m., giving those living out of town time to make the trip to the campus.
Mortar Board, senior women’s scholastic and activities honorary, will sponsor the annual Gingham Gallop Friday night, April 28, in the Union ballroom. Joe Cappo and his 11-piece orchestra will play for this last co-ed bid dance of the semester. In keeping with the name of the dance, short cotton dresses will be in order.
Tickets will go on sale next week at all sororities, Deac’s and the Union. The dance committee includes: Mary Alice Learning, chairman; Georgiana Pittman, ticket sales; Mary Cooley and Sally McKee, publicity and orchestra.
Radio Club To Sponsor Equipment SaleTonighU
Tau Epsilon Phi...
. . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: Irving Linderman, president; Jesse Swartz, vice-president; William Danshe, bursar; Gene Weissman, scribe; A1 Berger, house manager; Hy Greenblatt, steward; Oscar Shraevel, historian; and Howard Natter, social chairman.
A Southern Garden
Dan C. Morganroth, CE '40, member of Triangle fraternity, won the decoration conl;est for the 1939 Junior Prom. Ijast night his suggestion of a southern garden scene was judged the best by a committee headed by Vincent Hruby. The ballroom will be transformed into a garden of a southern mansion overlooking a lake. The corridor entering the ballroom will be decorated as the interior of the house. The south wali of the baiiroom proper wiii represent the front of the mansion. Stepping out the veranda door the Prom-goer will be in a large I’ockwalled garden with a large running water fountain in the center. There will be changing lights playing on the fountain throughout the evening. It will be an evening scene, and stars will twinkle on the dark blue ceiling. A blue lake with sailboats will form a backdrop. Artificial trees will be placed along the rock wall encircling the room.
Candidates For President
Don Rice
/
Jerry Hinshaw
'Life' Magazine...
. . . contacted the Military Department last month and stated that they would like to visit the campus and take pictures. Colonel Beere suggested that they visit the campus this Thursday and Friday. The editors of “Life” replied that they would be here then. Last week Colonel Beere wrote to the editors and suggested that they visit the campus on May 5 during Gala Week. The editors of “Life” have not replied to the latest letter.
“I have done my utmost in gathering people around me who are proven leaders. We have been unable to put before you a platform of definite aims because we have not stooped to the point of using plans already originated by the board and adopting them as our platform. The PIA is financially unable to fulfill the campaign platform put forth by my opponent.
“Jim Dean, John Nitche, and Josinah Allen represent the best on this campus.”
“I have only one point to make in my plea for votes. For three years I have had but one major activity, the Purdue Independent Association. If it is not plausible for a student to spend the majority of his activity time on one thing in which he believes and tries to serve, then I have no right to ask for your support. If the reverse is true, surely no one has a better right. “The decision rests with you!”
Julien Bryan, News Photographer, Will Show Nazi Film At Convo Tomorrow
A Boy And A Girl — Singers For ^Mikado^
Julien Bryan, ace photographer of international affairs, will present the final convocation of the year tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium. According to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of th^ convocation committee, all student passports will be honored and single adipissions may be obtained at the door for 50 cents each. Bryan will show 10 reels of film lasting approximately 100 minutes showing “Inside Nazi Germany.” The candid shots were brought out of Germany undeveloped, and show varied scenes ranging from peasant life to the gigantic Nurnberg party Congress. Particularly timely are the shots showing exhibitions of Hitler’s military strength. Following the showing of the films an open discussion will be held to give convo-goers a chance to obtain first-hand information on the state of affairs in Naii Germany.
Sigma Xi Will Stage
Marvin Smith
Climaxing a brilliant study of singing, Martha Whitehead has been roled as the leading female character in this year’s Musical Varsity show, the “Mikado.”
Open House Tonight
Lending his dull, rich lyric tenor to sing the part of “Nanke Poo,” son of the Emperor, Marvin Smith is starting what promises to be a brilliant reputation as a singer.
Radio Club will sponsor a swap sale in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 this evening. All radio amateurs or experimenters who have equipment which they wish to sell, buy, or trade are invited to attend by the club.
This will be the last opportunity for members to pay their dues. Those who have not paid for the radio room keys are requested to either bring the dollar or turn their keys in.
Marvin, a modest freshman who claims he hates publicity, has had voice training from two of Lafayette’s better known singing instructors and his experience at Jeff High includes leading roles in musicals and operettas. For a pastime he sang in the Men’s Glee Club, and offered solos in various churches. Climaxing these successes, Marvin went to Chicago last summer to bring back fii’st place in the Moi*ris B. Sachs Amateur Hour, and offers for both radio and stage were given him.
Martha possesses an outstanding soprano voice of the campus, having shown her ability in previous musical shows. In her freshman year she was in “Carmita;” her sophomore year in “Castles in the Air.”
Before entering Purdue, Martha had starring roles in two other Gilbert and Sullivan shows, “H. M. S. Pinafore” and “Pirates of Penzance,” these given during her highschool years. She has also been a member of the University Choir and the Concert Choir for three years, and the Girl’s Glee Club for two years.
Sigma Xi, research science organization, will hold an open house meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Pharmacy Building. At 8 p. m. the group will meet in room 311 for the evening lectures. Faculty members will discuss the research work that is being carried on. Prof. C. J. Klemme will speak on “Radihgraphic Opaques,” Prof. H. G. DeKay will speak on “The Pharmacopoeial Revision,” and Professor C. O. Lee will speak on “Research in Drugs.” All those interested may observe graduate students at work on research problems.
175 Couples...
Smith sings very easily yet liis voice is spirited and romantic. Teamed with Miss Whitehead, the musical promises to be one of the best the campus has produced.
Miss Whitehead will play the part of “Yum Yum,” the ward of Koko, the Lord High Executioner, who plans to marry her. However, the year before she had met Nanke Poo, wandering son of the Emperor who was disguised as a second trombone player in a third-rate orchestra.
Balloting Will Sfart At 7:30; Passports, PIA Cards Needed
About 600 Purdue Independent Association members are expected to go to the polls in the great hall of the Union today to choose officers who will head the PIA executive board for next year. Polls will open at 7:30 a. m. and close at 5:30 this afternoon, with the only voting restriction being that voters must show passports and PIA membership cards. Candidates for office on one party ticket are; Jerry Hinshaw, president; Carl Lutz, vice-president; Rolfe Jenkins, treasurer; and Betty Lou Jakes, secretary. Their slogan is “Past Performance is the Best Guide.” The other party is running Don Rice, president; Jim Dean, vicepresidept; John Nitche, treasurer; and Josmah Allen, secretary. William Pitcher is running for treasurer independently. Emily Meyer automatically assumes the duties of co-ed. executive, being the only candidate for the position. The returns will be annoimced tomorrow, and the newly elected officers will be presented at the annual PIA banquet Friday evening in the Union ballroom. New officers, together with the present board, will select chairmen of committees on activities, social programs, membership, and politics. These chairmen will complete the executive board for next year. They will be selected later this year, after petitions have been received from candidates. Campaigning for offices this year has followed the usual rules allowing no camnaigning in or about the Union. No money may be spent on the election.
State School Heads Elect Hail To Lead
New Organization
At the fourth annual meeting held here yesterday, the Northern Indiana Town and City School Administrators Association formed a new state organization. Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the division of education and applied psychology, past president of the old association, was again elected president. Ralph Irons, superintendent of Evansville schools, was named first vice-president; John Beamer, president of the Wabash School Board, second vice-president; Howard M. Keach, president of the Bedford Board of Education, third vice-pres-dent; and E. B. Wetherow, of the LaPorte Public Schools, secretarytreasurer. At the annual luncheon held yesterday noon, President Elliott told of his experiences and reactions as an observer of public school education for the past 40 years.
Stewart Will Speak To Scabbard, Blade
... attended the dinner dance given last night in the Union ballroom for faculty members and their friends by the Purdue Men’s Club. After the dinner music for dancing was furnished by Harry McCrady and his band. Facilities were also furnished for bridge in the faculty lounge.
R. B. Stewart, University controller, will be the principal speaker at the formal Scabbard and Blade initiation banquet at Lincoln Lodge tonight. He will speak on “Some Implications of Trade Barriers.” Formal initiation will be held in the Armory at 5 d’cloek, and officials request that all active members be there before that time. Tke banquet will be held immediatelsr after the initiatiozi in the Armory« Colonel Beere, PMS & T, will speak at the banquet.
4r’
9 (X«Tw»T?»fT'4- w M’'r «• # «¥r JIT
£dikhkd, the pobdoe exponent
Tuesday, Apdl 18, 1939
—
Cameraman Bryan's Convo .. ... comes at a most opportune time considering recent developments in world politics, and the recent emphasis on dictator gluttony. While U. S. collegians swallow goldfish, grasshoppers, mice, and phonograph records, Europe’s hungry Nazis and Fascists gulp down small nations. Julien Bryan plans to give Purdue students and faculty an inside view of one of the voracious “stomachs”—Germany. If Bryan’s pictures are as good as advertised (ten reels of authentic, uncensored shots of Hitlerland) the campus is due for a timely treat. Propaganda and newspaper publicity are blam^ for inciting most warfare, since it is clairiled they always show the enemy in a false light making them appear to be sadistic savages. If newspapers cannot be trusted, these movies will probably present the most accurate picture of life in Germany that Purdue will ever have the chance to see. Marriage Pays Diyidends... That old saw about spring and young men’s fancies “lightly” turning to thoughts of love might be changed to “seriously” if the findings of a University of Chicago sociologist hold true for all universities. Dr. Ernest W. Burgess has just completed a study of married couples enrolled in the Hutchins-controlled institution which reveals that collegiate romances resulting in student marriages p^y off in good grades. “The married students insist that they have more time for study and make better grades because they are satisfied with less social life, so they settle down and study,” a United Press dispatch quotes Dr. Burgess as saying. Marriages that have been preceded by long engagements tend to be most successful. Engagements lasting two years or more are best; one year is better than six months and six months are better than one. “Love at first sight may be romantic, but not marriage at first sight,” says the sociologist, commenting on the results of his study. His investigation also reveals that marriages between graduate students have more chances of success than those between undergraduates. Perhaps the best news revealed by Dr. Burgess is the fact that most of the married students are self-supporting.
tho Purdue Exponen
]S>(>teT«d aa aeeond elaaa matter at the poat ofliee la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oongnreas of Mareh 8. 1879, and at the epecial rate of poataire provided for in aeetion 1108, act of Oetober 8, 1917, anthorlaed Jaanary 20, 1982. Pnbllahed daily except Monday dnrinff the retrnlar aeadem^e year and wedcly darfUK the Summer Seasion. Dellyered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall anhaeriptlon $8.60. Editor-in-Chief. H. I. Stantiack Business Manager — R. R. Hensler CO-BD STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Asaoeiate Editoia —, Joy Jonnaon, Oeoreeann SehiUlny, Bet^ Wiekard SPOSTS STAFF Editor K. h. McDonald Aaaociate Editora .J. A. Hehbeler, K. Jenkina, B. J. Deckard EDITOHIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union Bnildintr, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, aak for Ex^nent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 818 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fiddhouae, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
PUBUCATION STAFF
Manayiny Editor.
CiW ^Itor..
_..L. S. Hardin J>. A. Bailey
Aaaociate X!ditors_0. W. Frederick, K. C. Bouatom B. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodaon Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHooy, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McEeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, E. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF
AaaiBtant Buslneas Manayer. Local AdvertlBiny Manayer..^.. Circulation Manager 1
Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertlsiny Manayer H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manayer W. E. Smith Art Director— D. J. Henninyer
.....MU C. Beerea E. M. Antonlni ...W. F. Berg
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO Br National Advertising Service, Inc. Collese Publishers ’Representative • , 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y, Chicaso ■ Boston ' Los Anseles - san Francisco This newspaper la written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue UniTeraity. All oplnio'na in it, nnleaa otherwise accredited, are student oplniona, and do not necessarily eoineide with the official Univenity dewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edltor-ln-^icf. Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—^Yates Tuesday, April 18, 1939
No one knows, not even Dr. Burgess, whether or not the experiences of the Chicago couples would be duplicated for you. But if you’ve been engaged for a year or two and this spring weather and light thoughts are beginning to interfere with your work, maybe .you would be better off to follow the example of your contemporaries at Chicago.—Ohio State Lantern.
Cinema Cnee
By Betty Wiekard Show: “Midnight.” Where: Lafayette Theatre. When: Today, tomorrow. Ameche fans take notice—here is one movie in which our Don gets his woman! We are becoming so accustomed to seeing the tall, dark man with the smooth voice play second fiddle, that when beauteous Claudette Colbert says “Yes,” everyone is happy! ' “Midnight” is a light airy tale of the pulchritudinous chorus gal who becomes Cinderella for a night. Lionel Barrymore is the fairy godfather (with tongue in cheek)—and Mary Astor is his wife. Lionel backs Claudette in her role of the Baroness Czerny from Austria in order that she may lure Jacques (Francis Lederer) away from Barrymore’s wife. Lederer is suave and charming in
the role of the man who “eats husbands” while Don Ameche is honest and appealing as the Parisian taxidriver who also loves Claudette. The show is fast-moving with one delightfully humorous situation following another. The dialogue, that is crisp and witty at all times, puts over impossible situations. After noting Miss Colbert’s amazing water-repellant lame evening dress—a gown which appears dry and sparkling when the whole Parisian landscape is water logged, we have decided that such an outfit would be just the thing for Indiana weather! An underwater movie of the old marine flora and fauna of Silver Springs, Fla., and a Betty Boop cartoon complete the program.
roiiY-ooli Miioi m JIE WEST!
Harvard University technicians have developed a diesel engine that runs on melted butter.
Georgetown University traces its origin back to the Jesuit school established in Maryland in 1634.
Cagney Rides, Ropes, Loves!/
>111 tKe
DWERS
SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
wllh HUMPHREY
BOGART ItOSEIiARY LANE DONALD CRISP
ARC
w TODAY—WED. MARS
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
LET US MAKE AN IMPRESSION FOR YOU You will be assured of impressive looking dance programs and bids if you have them printed at— THE LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 511-17 Ferry Phone 7828
WALLACE MSCKEY BEERY ROONEY STABLGMATES Plw Mu extra ecre4n ehow
•and-
A PfewowM Kditfe
ALSO “FLAMING FRONTIER”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidrty
Celebration .. . ooooh, plunk, turn out the light, I’m sleeply . . . what the, heck, oh yeah, time to go to college, this isn’t Sunday morning! Must say that the campus went on a spree last week end . . . Sig radio dance, Hell Dance, and a Monte Carlo joint. . . and stuff. “I have eyes to see with” or at least most of the guys did at Brownie’s Saturday night when Bill Yeoman’s girl pulled her slip up to the waist, with a thin, white net skirt between her and zero . . . tsk, tsk, how embarrassing ... A little higher, pleeze. And what about the Phi Delt who couldn’t stand on his chair, and took a nice whack from the floor . . . it was such a nice tumbler too, but it did make a nice crash. (Speaking of the glass). Nasty, Nasty, the DU boys should take more care about rubbish in their back yard. Get Mark Perkins and Cutie Pie in the dark where the blush isn’t so noticeable and ask them what the big idea is having a. party with one high school girl and one co-ed as escort in the back of the DU house . . . Jean couldn’t walk a straight line . , . they say. How sad. ANNOUNCEMENT: From Purdue Airport: Woo-pitchers please transfer said diversion to steps of Heavilon Hall on night of Airport Dance.
In case of space all taken up, extra chairs will be furnished by Airport committee free of charge. Those attending the dance will be given privilege of using the roof of the hangar ... MAMMA . . . MAMMA . . . PIN A ROSE ON ME! TODAY I AM A MAN,!
Do you or do you not remember that we’re giving Mars and Lafayette passes to the best contribs of the week ? This brain storm is the work of, a winner for the present pass . . . read and weep ...
Cute co-ed cutup Calling Cute Cupids Cue Condfientially can’t Concentrate counta Cupid’s calling Cookooooooooooo. Whoa, wait a minute, that ain’t all . . . SPRIG has cub And I feel bumb I godda a cold in my hed It rains odda time
‘Alfonse! Pierre! Just taste this new recipe I picked up at the drugstore fountain around the comer!”
Wish I were ded. The wedda is drippy The grou dis slippy Lidda code germs everywhair Evabuddy sniffs and sneezes Codes and sneezes whadda pair. —^Thanks, Buddy. Hold that line . . . this Thursday
beheaded beauties toss legs in Beeftrust Chorus .. . everyone welcome. Bring tickets.
A KAPPA SAYS: MEN ARE LIKE STREET CARS . . . TOO DARN SLOW, (pardon the men, we mean Purdue eds).
SO FUNNY irs PRACTICALLY ILLEGAL!
Plus
. 2nd Feature
EDMUND LOWE HELEN MACK — IN — 'SECRETS OF A NURSE”
PRESTON POSTER i TONY MARTIN PHYlilS BROOKS , SlitnSUMMER^UE ARTHURTREACHffi BILL ROBINSON
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
LUHA 20c fo 6 then 10-20-25c
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS Friday, April 21, 7:30 P. M.
Study Under Instructor—
a Nationally Known -Mr. P. M. Allen
Graduate Chalif School, .New York City, President Chicago National Association of Dancing Masters. To Experienced Dancers Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Wednesday, April 26, 7:30 P. M. Latest Dances Taught INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
ALLEN’S
6fh AND FERRY
If!
As Spring Rain You can actually see the life return to your garments. ... You can smell the freshness that's brought out again and never a trace of grease or dirt to mar their brilliance. Send your clothing to WEST SIDE for a cleaning job that's miles ahead!
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
Lt'-,
VTuesday^ April 18< 1939
THE PUBDtJE
fnroriitfFitfT CuUr wJNCkiN X
Thinlies Drop Season pjddsJiii
Opener To Mich, State
(^JxJL
Keeping pace with a speedy and powerful Michigan State aggregation throughout the early events of Saturday’s season opening outdoor meet, the Boilermaker track squad lost out in the last few events and was defeated, 76 1/6 to 54 5/6 at Lansing, Mich. The Boilermaker and Spartan track and field stars together shattered six meet and three field records. The Purdue team took six firsts. "
ETd Holderman, Boilermaker middle distance ace, led the scoring for the visitors. Ed stepped out in front at the starting gun of the mile run and was never headed as he easily took the opening event of the day. Torchy Knapp finished third. Later in the meet he won out in a duel with Capt. Art Bodeau for top hon-
ors in the half mile. Weber Breaks Record
Steve Gutting added to the Purdue total by taking first in his specialty, the high hurdles, and second in the low hurdles. Forest Weber bettered the meet record for the shot put by three feet with a toss of 47 feet 5 1-2 inches for a Boilermaker win. Weber also took sec-
ond in the discus throw. In the other field events, Vollmer took second in the javelin, Hibbs tied for third in the pole vault, Tykocki finished second in the broad jump, and Witsman' tied for third in the high
jump.
Red Shackleton, speedy Riveter sprinter, ran the 440-yard dash in :60.7 to provide another record breaking thrill for Spartan track fans. Shackleton also teamed up with Luther, Simmons, and Bodeau to give the Boilermakers a victory 1 nthe mile relay, and took third in the 220-yard dash. Ted Tykocki crossed the finish line third in the
100-yard dash.
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
By Robert J. Deckard Call it what you may, but the Pieldhouse and Ross-Ade Stadium shot-put records are being jeopardized by a pair of Boilermaker shotputters, Forest Weber and Chet Kessleh . . . The lads upped and twirled out a couple of long ones at Michigan State over the weekend to top their previous marks and decisively break State’s field and meet record. —^fc— Weber “umphed” one out for 47 feet five inches to beat Purdue’s outdoor record by one foot and five inches, made by former Boilermaker Ed Skoronski in ’35 . . . And the indoor mark by k foot and five inches . . . Not to be outdone too much, Kessler made his best collegiate push of 44 feet one inch . . . The lads are being coached by Duane Purvis, former collegiate javelin champion. —^tc— Dropped around yesterday to see the tennis contingent in action on the indoor court in the Fieldhouse . . . Jackson, Fuente, Blitz, and company looked good to be playing on the make shift courts . . . Coach LaBree indicated there is a possibility that the season opener’s meet with Indiana State will be staged as a curtailed affair on the Fieldhouse layout, providing the outside courts will not be in condition ... It will be the first indoor tennis meet ever pulled off in the Fieldhouse. —^fc— A little argument among some of the Exponent slaves in the sports office ensued last night as to the final standings of the major baseball circuits .. . Some wise guy decided to take a poll to discern the final standings at the end of the
Winter Weather Forces Cancellation Of Riveter-Hawkeye Baseball Game
Louis Kayoes Roper in First Wrigley Field, Los Angeles, CaL —After two minutes and 20 seconds of fighting in the first round, Joe Louis, world heavyweight title holder kayoed Jack Boper here tonight before 35,000 spectators to stand off successfully challenger number six for his crown. Roper opened the fight with a surprising flurry of left and rights to Louis’ head. It seemed to rouse Joe from his lethargy and he soon pounded Roper to the floor. Union Formulates Plans For Trap Shooting Meet Shotgun enthusiasts wishing to enter a trap shooting meet can make arrangements by calling Paul Cooper, 4031. Accoiding to Cooper, Student Union vice-president, shells and clay pigeons will be priced at a minimum; however, shotguns will not be furnished. If enough men participate in this meet,‘the Student Union will sponsor more. Plans will be definitely drawn up concerning this first meet when enough students have called up announcing their intentions to compete.
season . . . Here ’tis in order . . . The American . . . Yankees, Red Sox, Tigers, Indians, White Sox, Senators, Browns, and Athletics ... The National... Cubs, Reds, Giants Pirates, Cards, Bees, Dodgers, and Phillies . . . Take it or leave it.
Bailey Or Wargo To Pitch In Today's Ball Game At Iowa; Art Bredewater To Catch Bad weather continued to follow the Boilermaker baseball squad as its scheduled game yesterday with the Iowa HAwkeye team in Iowa City was cancelled because of snow, sleet, and rain, a little more variety than that which caused Saturday’s widely heralded game with the Pirates to be called off.
Still trying to get started in the Big Ten race in which they figure to be one of the main contenders, Fehring and his proteges remained in Iowa in hopes that they will be able to play the game scheduled
for today.
Latest ne\ys from the Boilermaker camp indicated that the pitching assignment for today’s game will go to either Bob Bailey or Dick
Refunds for the Pittsburgh Pirate game tickets can be obtained today at 1 p. m. at the Fieldhouse ticket office.
Wargo and it is probable that Arnold Bredewater and Homer Warner, who were originally scheduled to pitch in the Iowa series, will be saved for the two games with Chicago this week-end. The probable lineup for today will be:
Purdue Dickinson, cf Dean, rf Lyboult, 2b Mackiewicz, 3b Stamm, If Smithson, lb Thompson, ss Art Bredewater, e Bailey or Wargo, p
Down to the sea in Ford ships go millions of tons of shipping. The Ford docks berth one of the largest industrial fleets in the world. There are 29 Ford ships in all, including seven seagoing craft, the two largest motorships on the Great Lakes, barges, tugs and canal boats. They are kept busy bringing raw materials to Ford plants, or carrying parts or assembled cars outiyard-bound.
Ford production methods eliminate all extra handling or storage of material and parts. Waste motion is waste money. Useless storage takes time, space, and ties up capital. So, parts and materials flow in a steady, unstopping stream to and from the gre^t Ford plant on the River Rouge. Iron ore—much of it dug from Ford mines — and coal from Ford mines—qbme to the Rouge in Ford shipsf
FOR
8 8 Bast Indian and Lake Ormoo of the Ford Fleet Ore that reaches the plant Monday morning may emerge about 28 hours later — or Tuesday noon — as part of a finished car. In its progress from earth to automobile it has been constantly under way and under control. There is no guesswork. Ford efficiency begins at the beginning. In the end, the sum of these savings is passed along to buyers of Ford cars and trucks — in the form of lower price and higher value.
TOR COMPANY
Iowa Manush, If Kantor, ss Vogt, cf George, rf Winder, c Bratter, lb Prasse, 3b Kosur, 3b Haut, Reid, Hobenhard, p. Pirates Down Reds^ 7-5 In Opening Game Rain caused the postponement of the opening game of the American League between the Washington Senators and the New York Yankees, but the National League managed to get under way at Cincinnati where the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Reds, 7-5. It was a costly game for the Reds as Myers, an infielder was hit on the head with a pitched ball and taken to the hospital. No reports were immediately available as to the extent of his injuriy.
Riveter Racquefeers
Play Initial Match
Tomorrow At Four Undaunted by the wind and rain which made outdoor practice impossible, the Riveter tennis team retired to the protection of the Fieldhouse for practice yesterday in the preparation for the season’s opener against Indiana State tomorrow
afternoon at 4 o’clock.
In order to facilitate indoor practice, a court has been laid out on the clay floor of the Fieldhouse upon which the team has been daily holding prolonged practice sessions. Should the outdoor courts fail to dry out by game time, because of continued inclement weather, the initial tilt will be held on this court. Although the pre-season plractices have been somewhat limited, the meager workouts to date indicate that the number one singles assignment rests between Herbert Fuente and David Blitz. Completing the roster of single players will be Capt. Tom Jackson, Charles, Mann, George Alexander and James Hebbeler. /
I
Intramural Schedule
WARD BASEBALL. Today Practice Games Diamond 1— Ward 10 vs. Ward 2A 2— Ward 1 vs Ward lOX 3— Ward 3 vs Ward 2 Regmlar Games 4— Ward 7 vs Ward 14 5— Waid 7X vs Ward 12A 6— Cary Hall 8 ^s Cary Hall 4 7— -Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 9. 8— Cary Hall 5 vs C^y Hall 1. 9— Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 10 10—Gary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 3.
FRATERNITw BOWLING Today Alpha Gamma Rho vs Triangle. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Sigma Kappa Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kappa Tau Delta Chi vs Phi Gamma Delta Theta Chi vs Delta Upsilon. lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Nu Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi Sigma Chi vs' Theta Tau. Theta Xi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Pi
CAMERA BARGAINS
35 mm. Wirgin Midget Marvel^ f3.5 Compeer . $30.00 Vi of 127 Gbtdie, f2.9 Compeer $26.50 Argus Model A $ 7.50 Pocket Kodak, Ser. II, 116 size, f7.7 $11.00 Zeiss Ikon, f6.3, 120 size $10.00
ENLARGERS Federal Fixed Focus, Vi of 127 size Praxidos, 6x6 cm., f4.5 Federal, No. 127 size Memo f3.5 Vi of 127 Goldi, f2.9 Compur
$ 8.00 $25.00 $ 6.00 $10.00 $26.50
HINEA'S
634 Main Street'
Phone 7775
FINAL DEADLINE APRIL 20th Get Your DEBRIS Now!
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Hione 5372
4/^
3^ ill
w(.'
i < ^ ' j V; " < ^^ .\ ;. !|f'
3[ixaL (Mi,
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
TiojticsUL
Tuesday, April 18, 1939
\
Classified Ads
The Daughters of the American Revolution have given a $110 loan fund to University of Akron students who are “100 per cent Americans.”
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Tavannes wrist watch Saturday nisht on street in Lafayette or in the Mars Theatre Initials J. M. V. Finder call me at ATO house and claim reward. —J. M. Venable.
Notices
Co-ed Forensic Managers: MeetinB Tuesday, April 18, at .1 p. m. in room 308 of University Hall. —DEMORET.
LOST—Eltrin wrist watch. Initials C. L. G. engrraved. Phone 61574. Reward $5.00.
Independent Staff: Reitular meeting in PIA Office Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p. m. All members be present. —TAFEL.
ROOMS FOR RENT
COZY three room apartment ideal for couple. $40. 130 East Oak Street. Phone 66642.
Student Senate: Meeting in room H of the Union at 7 :30 p m. Tuesday, April 18. —ELLIOTT.
LIVING ROOM, bed room, kitchenette if desired. Suitable for two or three. 702 Dodge. 36612.
■ Beginning Modern Dance Group: Meet Tuesday, April 18, and Thursday, April 20, at 4 p. m. at the Women’s Gymnasium. —KNIGHT.
MISCELLANEOUS
Modern Dance Group: Program committee meteing for dance symposium on Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p m. in Women’s Gymnasium. —HICKMAN.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Modern Dance Group: Practice Thursday, April 20, at 4 p. m. in the Gym. —HICKMAN.
RADIO SERVICE—^For guaranteed reliable work call 45273. Herb Webb.
Juniors on the WSGA Executive Board: You are to usher at the women’s marital lecture Tuesday, April 18, at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. —SEXTON.
INTERIOR DECORATING — For finest work at leasonable prices call Myers, 76982.
ALTERATIONS, repaiiing and mending neatly done Phone 2637
Scrivener Subscribers: The following subscribers call at the Scrivener office any afternoon at 4 o’clock and receive 'their copies of the April issue: Buck, Zinsmeister, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page,
Guard Your Personal Appearance
in' smadl<|#ilifes ir i
"'•r
THOROUGHLY CLEANED
CROWN LAUNDRY West Side Office—Top of the Hill
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
e Locksmith
"DEAC" EverythLno for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C‘ CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Rafaaiiing SKATI SHARKNINQ Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door leeks, daak locks, night latches and paaecka. Auto keys a ^lecialty. Bicycles, ae--essories and rspalrtne. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhana 2S2a
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lefeyette Phone 4965
• jewelers
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave. „
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Shoe Repair
• Printing
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair %op in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
nRINTING OtFlee Stationery . . 1^ 1 OTeddlng Invitations ■ Sales Books, Etc.... MM CASSEL’S 408lFERRy
strong, Horwitz, Schnaible, Shock, Schafer, Gerstung, Kaplan. (4-20) —PAARLBERG.
Scrivener Members: Those who have not delivered their shares of the April issue call at the Scrivener office Tuesday, April 18. or Wednesday, April 19, at 4 o’clock. —PAARLBERG.
Undergra]|uate Dames: There will be a social meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:3p p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. \ —HOLMES.'
ion Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. —MACK.
Speed Ball: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, April 18-20, at 4:45 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —BAILEY.
lb: Equi] ing Tuesday, Ajpril 18, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 264 of the E. E. Building. Everybody welcome. —BROWN.
Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE.
Riding Club: Horse back riding classes for women will be cancelled Tuesday and Wednesday, April 18 and 19. Thursday groups watch the Exponent for further notice. —CASE.
University Choir: Rehearsal Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. instead of Tuesday, April 18. —STEWART.
WAA Archery: Call-out Tuesday, April 18, at 4 p. m. for intramural and class archery. ^-MOREHOUSE.
Surveying: Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22, in room 102, CE Building. —LOMMEL.
Eta Kappa Nu: Rough initiation'Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p. m. in the EE Building. —PARKER.
Pan-Hellenic: Meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Old council members please attend. —RAEBIG.
Scabbard & Blaoe: formal initiation will be Tuesday, April 18, at 6 p. m. in the Armory. Initiation banquet will be at 6:16 p. m. at Lincoln Lodge. —DERNER.
Sophomores: All sophomores whose names appear on the advanced course list posted in the Armory, come to the main office of the Armory at once to have physical examination form filled out. (4-18) —MORSE.
Dolphin Club: Bring pledging lists to meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in the Pi Kappa Phi house., ' —CARR.
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Election of officers will be held. —ANDERSON.
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the ME Building. All active members and pledges are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Un-
Flying Cadet Appiicanra: examining board will visit the University on or about
Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union. Meeting will start promptly and last about 26 minutes. All members and pledges should attend. , , —HORNER.
LOCB &HCNE COMPANY
X ■■ 'I -
**'flt '-r (\ ft
These are the dresses you've been crying for — and they haven't missed a trick! They glorify your junior figures . . . emphasize your neat curves . . . call immediate and admiring attention to your tiny, tiny waists. The colors play right up to your eyes and your complexion. The styles, well take a look at the sketches, then come in and see what they do for YOU. The prices are so low they won't even put a dent in your allowance! All crush-resistant; mostly washable; so there's practically no upkeep problem at all!
"TRICKY TEENS" . . . Princess version to make your figure all lovely curves. Rows of colorful embroidery add a festive touch. Talon fastened at back of neck. Sizes n to 17 $6.50
. candy striped
'6LAZER GLIDE'
blouse, sweet as peppermint stick. Flaring, ten-section skirt for youthful animation. ... In effective contrasting solid shade of woven nub fabric. Sizes 11 to 15 $7.98
'GAY MODERNE" ... the gay 90's in the '39 manner. Quilted, flared peplum jacket in perfect accord with the Gibson Girl print. Sizes 11 to 15 $6.50
-In