-Kj,-',.Ayr'-f"
.v,r'
(5he Puriu* TSxpssnent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1936
NUMBER 27
Boilermaker Squad Points For Gophers Kizer Drills Men For First Real Test; Injuries Handicap Team Coach Noble Kizer, pointing for the Minnesota game this Saturday as one of the “musts” on his schedule, shrouded his practice session last night in deepest secrecy as preparations got under way for the big contest. Realizing that the three games played to date have shown little in regard to the true caliber of the Boilermakers when up against such foes as the Gophers, Carnegie Tech, Fordham or Indiana, intensive work will be donevon combinations calculated^ to work as efficiently against these teams as the ones used against Ohio U., Wisconsin and Chicago. Three Hurt Saturday John Drake, Bill Vergane and Freddie Stalcup, all injured in the Maroon fracas Saturday, reported to the field last night in uniform but did not take part in the drill. Coach Kizer stated that at this stage it was-impossible to say whether their injuries would be serious enough to prevent their playing this Saturday. The rest of the team was put through a long and hard drill that finished under the floodlights. Big Job Ahead It is realized by the staff and the team that the job which lies ahead of them makes the past few weeks seem unimportant. Bierman's Gophers have continued to roll over all opposition since the Boilermakers tied them in the game played at Minneapolis two years ago. Carnegie Tech’s defeat of Temple showed that their team will be a major threat against the Purdue eleven, while Fordham, on the schedule fotf November 7, has yet to be defeated this season.
Cosmo Club Hears Prof. E. V. Greenfield Prof. E. V. Greenfield, of the modem language department, will address the Cosmopolitan club Friday evening at 7:16 o’clock, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union on the subject of “Student Life in France and Germany”. Professor Greenfield has lived in both France and Germany and is conversant with the subject of student life in both of the countries. After the talk, several students wm ue pledged into the club., All active members are especially urged to be present.
Concert Choir Opens Season Sing Before Dad’s Association Tuesday The Purdue Concert Choir will open its season Thursday, at the Henrici restaurant in Chicago, before the Purdue Dad’s Association of that vicinity. A 20 minute variety program will precede the address by President E. C‘.‘ Elliott, and the meeting will end with a number sung by the choir. Soloists will include Arlene Summers, Charlotte Stewart, and John Brubaker. Albert P. Stewart director has announced that the following people will comprise the membership of the Concert Choir for this year: Soprano; Mary Bell, Catherine Davis, Janet Dooley, Mary Friend, Charlotte Stewart, Ira Swaynie, Martha Whitehead. Alto: Josephine Friend, Betty McKee, Joan Padgett, Maxine Peters, Katherine Shearer, Rosemary Skinner, Arsene Summers. Tenors Paul Worcester, Mardis C. Compton, Harold F. Schulte, Don W- Bowden, G. B. McGinnis. Bass: J. F. Brubaker, V. W. Coddington, R. M. Lauschke, J. E. Phillips, T. B. Stephenson, R. C. Ziegler. John F, Brubaker is manager of the choir and Rosemary Robinson accompanist.
Fans 3000 Strong Take Over Windy City^8 Night Life —and so 3,000 tired spirits returned to class yesterday after a boisterous week-end in the Windy (and cold, and WET!) City. The most was evidently made of the last chance Purdue students will have to accompany their team to this city. And what a “most” it was. Fraternity pins were hard to hold but liquid refreshment was easy up to a certain point. “Do Chicago” Downtown hotels, night-clubs, taverns, dance halls, and all other “entertaining” spots were crowded with joy-seeking students, reveling in their team’s victory, and anxious to “do Chicago”. Band uniforms were seen everywhere, in expensive hotels and night spots. The spirit of football-crazy students invaded the city and for the most part West Lafayette and University classes were forgotten while all the pent-up fun and frolic went on a rampage and “turned on a good week-end”.
T. K. Dickinson Leads Cotillion Skull and Crescent Announces Committees T. K. Dickinson will lead the Sophomore Cotillion this year with T. D. Cabonargi, W. K. Millholland, R. R. Hensler, L. S. Hardin and C. S. Meier on the committee. These appointments along with other committees were announced last night by W. R. Fenstermaker, Skull and Crescent president. Committees Other committees announced were: membership: E. T. Sullivan, chairman, F. W. Taylor and K. E. O’Neil; key and paddle: D. R. Shoemaker, chairman, B. Edwards, P. W. Eckstein and T. R. Hamerstadt; initiation: R. H. Buck and W. K. Millholland, co-chairmen, W. F. Garten, R. J. Ruth, G. Tredwell and J. M. Rudolph. Art: W. C. White, chairman, J. H. Jacobi, W. A. Reed, M. D. Stepath, and J. W. Greenis. A new committee which will attempt to enforce traditions on the campus has been added. J. W. Bailey will head the committee with D. R. Vance, S. A. Smith, R. B. Nichols, R. M. Lemon, C. E. Lang, D. 6. Hawkinson, H. G. Lankford and S. L. Browne.
Freshmen
W OVrA
Election Is Today Freshmen women will meet today at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Union Building to elect two representatives for the W. S. G. A. Executive Board. The candidates for the offices are Margaret Mathes, Dorothy Miller, Margaret Mitchell, Martha Moorhead, Louise Schickler, and Virginia Wilking. Each co-ed is required to bring her schedule card to be elegible to vote. During the meeting the various chairmen will outline the year’s progress of their committees.
Young Republicans Give Sunflower Ball Bud Bryant’s 13-Piece Band Plays For Free Dance Friday. A large number of University students are expected to turn out Friday evening for the free “Sunflower Ball”, to be held from 9 o’clock until midnight at the Fowler hotel ballroom. The dance is being sponsored by the Purdue-Landon-for-Presi-dent club and the Young Republicans’, club of Tippecanoe county. Bud Bryant and his thirteen-piece dance band will provide the music, with a woman blues singer and a group of novelty numbers on the program.
We’re Sorry Ted Smith, not P. J. Smith as announced in a previous issue of the EJxponent, won the prize for the best costume at the Barnyard Frolic.
Exponent’s Presidential Poll Opens Today, Ends Saturday
Ballots Are Distributed Through College Area; Students Urged to Vote With the distribution of approximately 2,000 ballots today. The Exponent presidential poll will get under way. Subscribers and readers of the Exponent will have the opportunity to express, their political sentiments through the medium of the ballot printed below. How To Vote Simply clip the ballot printed on this page and deposit it in the Exponent .box in the Memorial Union Building, or in any one of the campus mail boxes. If you prefer, mail or bring your ballot to the Exponent 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette.
Tabulation Begins Immediately As soon as the ballots cast today are collected, tabulation will begin. The first results will be published tomorrow morning and every morning for the remainder of the week. Next Tuesday’s issue will contain the final tabulation, and will indicate the campus’ stand in today’s important political race. Accuracy In order that this poll may be considered an accurate cross-section of student-faculty opinion, it is important that each person cast only one ballot; consequently, the ballot will be printed each day this week to enable those who share subscriptions to vote in the poll.
W^t exponent Presidential Poll Vote for One Candidate By Marking “X” After His Name Earl Browder (Commuiiist) □ D. Leigh Colvin (Prohibition) □ Alfred M. Landon (Republican) □ . William Lemke (Union) □ Franklin D. Roosevelt (Democrat) □ Norman Thomas (Socialist) □ □ I (have) (have not) voted in a presidential election before. Name School
Class - Student, Instructor, Other (Strike Out Two) (The ballot must be filled out ci^mpletely in order to be counted in the poll. Deposit ballots in Cpmpus mail boxes or in the Exponent box in the Union before 6 p. m., Saturday, Oct. 24, 1936.)
Beveridge Prelims Thursday Evening Preliminaries for the Beveridge public speaking contest will be held in room 301, University Hall at 4 o’clock Thursday afternoon and 7 o’clock that night. Registration for this contest must be made in the debate office before 5 p. m. tomorrow. The contestants are required to take a definite point of view which they can support in a five minute speech. Seven men will be allowed to compete in the finals Tuesday, October 27. The freshman placing first in the finals will become the permanent possessor of the Hays trophy, a silver cup.
Grad Speaks On Thursday W. A. Hanley Returns To Address ASME William A. Hanley, vice president of the Eli Lilly Company and a Purdue graduate, will address the student branch of the A. S. M. E. on Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Hanley has visited the University before, and has always been well received by the student body. As he is a talented speaker and a noted alumnus, he will no doubt meet with a fine reception.
Green Potters Meet Tonight Green Potters, freshman organization, will hold n mass meeting in the Union ballroom at 7 o’clock this evening for the purpose of electing the two remaining officers, according to John Pranks, newly elected president. Pranks will, preside over the meeting.
Choir Sings At Convo Sunday 125-yoice Group Now Ready For Services Music for the first Religious Convocation of the year which will be held next Sunday morning at Eliza Fowler Hall will include two anthems sung by the University Choir. The “Cherubim Song No. 7” by Dimitri Borotnionsky (1752-1820), choral arrangement by P. I. Tchaikowsky, and “Jesu, Priceless Treasure” by Johann Kruger (1653), harmonized by Johann Sebastian Bach, will be appropriate to the services conducted by Father Gillis who will officiate at the convocation. Both numbers will be sung a capella, without accompaniment. The processional will be a Catholic hymn “Holy God We Praise Thy Name.” Responses and choral amens including the “Gloria” by Tschneskoff will be sung by the choir. This will be the first appearance of the enlarged University Choir which includes a membership of one hundred and twenty-five. Eliza Fowler Hall has been enlarged to accommodate the choir.
Run Special Train To Minnesota Game The Monon Railway Company will run a special train to Minneapolis for the Minnesota game if as many as 26 people buy tickets. The rates are $14.60 for coach and $24.90 for pullman reservations. Sixty students have already promised to go if they can get tickets‘for the game. The University ticket office announced last night that 300 tickets wouldi be available by tomorrow. Any of these sixty who have already promised to go or anyone else wishing to make the trip should get in touch with the ticket office at the Monon station. The schedule of the train will be printed in the Exponent later this week if the train is run.
Speaks Tonight
Albert Edward Wiggam
Forencists Tryout Today Candidates for the University Western Conference debate squad will give tryout speeches between 4 and 6 this afternoon in room 301 of University Hall. All of the twelve members who are chosen will participate in debates against University opponents, which include a triangular meet in Chicago with Chicago and Loyola, Michigan at Ann Arbor, and St. Viator at Bourbonnais, 111. Another Big Ten team will also- be met here December 4.
University Leads In Percentage Of Enrollment Gain Purdue’s 19.3% increase in enrollment over last year was the greatest gain reported among the largest universities in the country, according to figures released recently by the New York Times. Total enrollment here is 6,507 as compared with 4,615 for last year. Other Big Ten schools showed the following gains: Percent of 1936 1936 Gain Illinois 10.362 11.566 11.6 Indiana 5,224 5,286 10.5 Wisconsin 9,065 10,000 10.3 Minnesota 11,625 12,785 10. Ohio 11,400 12,230 7.3 Michigan 9,302 9,964 7. Northwestern.. 5,840 6,200 6.2 Iowa 5,792 5,830 .7 Notre Dame showed a gain of 4.9 per cent, from 2,818 to 2,966. New York University is the largest educational institution in the United States with an enrollment of 27,920.
Enter Nine Sunday Skits Nine organizations have entered original skits in the entertainment contest planned for the Sunday evening programs in the Union cafeteria. Separate trophies will be awarded the co-ed and men’s groups presenting the best acts. These programs, sponsored by the Student Union, have been given successfully for a number of years. The entertainment for the first semester is already partly planned. Lee Rieth, vice president of the Union, is in charge of the programs, and will supply further details to anyone who is interested. The follov)ing schedule has been arranged: Oct. 26, Theta Xi; Nov. 1, Kappa Delta Rho; Nov. 8, Lambda Chi Alpha; Nov. 15, Kappa Sigma; Nov. 22, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Nov. 29, P. I. A.; Dec. 6, Delta Tau Delta; Dec. 13, Chi Omega; Jan. 10, Commons club.
Acacia Acacia fraternity announces the additional pledging of L. L. Choffee, Portsville, N. Y.; R. N. Whiting, Chicago, HI; G. E. Metzger, South Bend; W. J. Harris, South Bend; A. J. Parker, Cleveland, Ohio; and R. H. Schlimmer, Evansville.
Wiggam Talks At 8 Toni^t In Gymnasium Will speak on ^^Edncated Man In This Changing World” What kind of an education for both old and young will fit them most effectively into the coming social order ? Albert Edward Wiggam, lecturer and author, will answer this question at the first lecture of the current convocation series at 8 p. m. this evening in the Memorial Gymnasium with a talk on “An Educated Man in This Changing World”. Wiggam was bom in Austin, Indiana, and attended Hanover (Ind.) College, where he received a B. S. degree in 1893, M. A. in 1903, and LI. D. in 1932. He has studied philosophy at Colorado College, and received an honorary D. Sc. degree from Colgate University. During the sugar season of 1891- ^ 92 Wiggam served as chemist in charge of the Belle Terre sugar factory in Louisiana; in 1895-96 he assayed and supervised a mine in Boulder, Colo.; he wrote editorials for the Minneapolis Jonmal firam 1899-1900; from 1901-19 he was a lyceum and Chatauqua lecturer and writer. Wiggam’s first book, “The New Decalogue of Science”, published in 1923, was shortly followed by “The Fruit of the Family Tree”, and he became the first author to have two non-fiction “best sellers” running at the same time. These two books, along with “The Marks of an Educated Man” and “Sorry But You’re Wrong About It” are listed in thh University library files.
A student-faculty reception for Wiggam -will be held in the Memorial Union lobby immediately following his lecture this evening.
CLOUDY
In his books, written chiefly on heredity, eugenics, education, popular beliefs, and social problems, Wiggam asks and answers: “Is the blood of the nation becoming thinner? Are America’s leaders dying out with new supply to replace them ? Are the legions of the ill-bom expanding?” A destructive criticism of Wiggam and his theories may also be found in the University library in the chapter on “The Heredity Fiends” of Langrdon-Davies, book “The New Age of Faith”. LangdonDavies concludes his diatribe with “ten reasons why we have no faith ' in Wiggamy”.
Veterinarians Take 4 Day Short Course Practicing veterinarians throughout the state will attend a four-day short course here, beginning with a laboratory tomorrow at 1:30 in the Veterinary Building. State Doctors Emick and Sailors will conduct the laboratory which will consist of autopsys of numerous hogs and sheep. Doctors Doyle Walkey and DeLez will assist them. The four-day program will consist of several lab sessions and a few lectures. The last day and a half will be devoted to a free clinic for larger animals.
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse Did you miss me Saturday? I got to Chicago after all. I didn’t get to write my column that day, for I left early Friday afternoon, t don’t suppose anyone missed me because I glanced in a couple of classrooms Friday afternoon. They were pretty vacant then... that gave hie an idea what they would he like Saturday mornhag, I didn’t go to the game becauseni'heard after I got to Chicago that it was to be played at Stagg Field. I always was afraid of large animals ... and a whole field of them. It was too niu<du From what I’ve heard since, the *^Stag:g that afternoon had drunk Ms It will be cloudy and cod today with possible showers tonight mr tomorrow.tt/* ^ J
f"iAi K ^-,v !',i., t;(i
Page Two
THSJ PURDUE EXPONENT
Ttiesdayt October 20,1936
ip
Do We Want To Win? Last Saturday a great Boilermaker team won its third victory of the present grid season. This Saturday it will meet another great team, one which has won twenty consecutive games. Last year Minnesota swamped a fighting Purdue team, 29-7. This year Nobe Kizer and his men have a chance to reach the heights and bring the Gopher victory string to an abrupt end. On paper, Minnesota appears to have the edge, what vdth two Boilermaker stars on the injury list. But an inspired Purdue team, a team fighting for Tommy and Carl, a team backed to the limit by the student body, can give the Gophers a sound trouncing. Everyond knows that this year’s team might be outplayed, but it will never be outfought. If students will rally one hundred per cent behind our team, that additional inspiration will be instilled into the grid warriors which will make them go out on the field Saturday determined to win. There will be a pep session later this week and a send-off for the team. Upon the success of such pep sessions depends the success of the eleven. If there are large and enthusiastic crowds, the team will receive that additional inspiration which is so necessary. Purdue or Minnesota ? To a large extent students and fans will supply the answer this week.
Mortar Board Mortar Board is a senior women’s honorary society with chapters in 61 colleges and universities, including Purdue, One of the foremost aims of the organization is the abolition of the unsavory practices in campus politics. Recently the national office sent a questionnaire to the chapters which produced an astonishing exposure of practices on the various campuses. The questionnaire also produced a list of reforms inaugurated at various schools during recent years. Included among reforms were supervision of caucuses and voting by members of the faculty or of honor societies; elimination of graft by the handling of all money through college business offices or through a special auditor and bursar; the merit system; fac-ulty-student committee on elections; board of control for handling money; abolition of political organizations by administrations; adoption of an election code; women’s elections held separately; no printed advertising or expensive campaigning; abolition of empty honors and useless offices, particularly class offices; and an educational program on this subject for students. Some of these reforms have been adopted at Purdue; others might aid the situation if put into use; a few seem steps in the wrong direction in light of recent campus political activities. The elimination of dirty politics is an aim worthy of any campus organization. Is the local Mortar Board chapter going to do its best to see that something is done ?
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers*
Is There A Law?
Well, now to enjoy an afternoon of football. Could not get up to see that Purdue- Chicago game, so I thought I’d spend a couple of hours listening and rooting for Purdue. Turned on the radio. Didn’t see where any station was going to broadcast the game but thought I could find it somewhere on the dial. Well, on the first station I hear is Northwestern and Ohio State. Hooray, the Wildcats are holding Ohio. Enough of that, let’s have that Purdue game. Move the dial two points and another station vdth the Ohio game. That's all right. The battle is an important one in the Big Ten. We turn to the next station and the first word we hear is “Ohio—”. On to the next and it is the same only we hear the word “State—
tEiit $ur&ue exponent Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 P^sociolecl Golle6iicite Pi:ess Distributors of Cblie6iate[)i6esl
Mouiber of National CoUcse Press Association, Bir Ten Editorial Association ExclnsiTeljr Bcftresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maO, $3.60 per year; delivered by car^r, $2.60 par year; sold' by single copy. 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Cbief .W. T. Hunt MhnaKing Editor— — E. H. Morris Aaaoeiate^ Editors— K. A, Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
Bporta Editor Aaeoeiate Sports Editors.
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood W. H. Fifleld. S. R, Griffiths. R. F, Obenchain'
BUSINESS STAFF Bnainees Manager „.IL J. Hulse Hitinnal Advertising Manager —L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager...^ - JO, 0. MiUej Otrcnlation Manager .J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Pdfter ... — - -..Melon Creech Elizabeth Pyke
Issue Sditor-~B. W. XSIdbrodt.
Is the Wildcat-JSuckeye game that important? Are all the other games called off ? Oh, no, heres another game—^heck, the Yale game. Am now at the bottom of the dial and no game except the Ohio, Yale, and Notre Dame games. Is there a law against putting more than one or two games on the air ? Not that I know of. Don't the sponsors know that the public resents a dial full of only one game ? If not, they should wise up to themselves. If I were the only one that was disappointed it would make no difference, but I just wonder how many other thousands that couldn’t afford to see their team play are silently cursing the big-time sponsors of only one game.—C. R. B.
Editor’s Note: There is no law prohibiting the broadcasting of more than two or three games, but neither is there a law requiring the broadcasting of more than that number of games.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Rules And Regulations “On page 1,367 of volume 34 of the rules and regulations governing students, you will find that you are prohibited from walking backwards on the campus.” Thus a learned professor might have spoken to a few innocent little frosh in any of a number of great American universities. This is a purposely distorted example, but it shows what might someday happen if students continue to be so flooded on every side with rules and regulations. When a thing becomes a rule instead of a tradition or a matter of decency or courtesy, it loses much of its appeal to students. There are many who obey rules, but there are always those who dislike being told to do anything and who break rules just to flaunt their lack of regard for the rule-makers. Those who obey dogmatic rules also have this same feeling, but are able to control it. I am not in a position to render advice to any allpowei'ful and all-knowing body which makes such rules. But such groups should be reminded that rules are often not as effective as persuasion in trying to accomplish a desirable end.
Spanish Blood
Reports telling of blood and carnage continue to stream forth from Spain. Spain today is indeed a sick country. Throughout all of its long and varied history Spain has rarely been efficiently or wisely governed for any length of time. Spanish history is flecked with recurring periods of anarchy, rebellion, and foreign intervention. The government, until recently an autocratic monarchy, was usually administered 6y incapable monarchy. Five years ago Spain made a change in her traditional type of government. A democratic experiment was forced on the country. But although Zamora took Alfonso’s place, the personnel of government remained for the most part unchanged. Despite the outward change in government the basic causes which occasioned Spain’s trouble remained unremedied. About the beginning of the century Spain began to experience the Industrial Revolution which started in Englarid over a century before. It necessitated the same changes in Spain as it had elsewhere. Workers began to demand their rights, peasants to demand a share of the lands they tilled, and the people in general to demand some measure of representation in government. Spain, however, was cursed with die-hard conservatives of the aristocracy who owned all the lands and natural resources. They could not understand that they must surrender part of their privileges to retain the rest. Revolt after revolt broke out, the people gaining enough in each one to get a foothold. Finally conditions became so bad that dictatorship was imposed by the monarchy, already on its last legs. The sqdden access to power of the Popular Front ministry, consisting of Communist, Sociialist, and Liberal elements, was a complete change. Spain switched from a virtual dictatorship of the Spanish plutocracy to a rule entirely in the interests of the suppressed 50 per cent of the population. The new regime armed the workers, failed to maintain discipline, mistreated the opposition leaders, and openly prepared to resist an armed invasion. The resulting explosion was inevitable. Spain is an example of what can happen when a people, unschooled in the discipline of Democracy, is torn between the rival fanaticisms of Fascist and Marxist doctrine. We can only hope that the long training in Democracy which our people have experienced make a similar ca,tacli8m in the United States impossible. —Brown Daily Herald.
Buy American
ON TO MINNESOTA Wow—what a rat race this past week-end has been .... the members of the Chi Omega tribe went ritzy while in Chi and spent their erstwhile week-end at the PALMER HOUSE .... while we are on the subject of Chi Omega it seems that one of the dear members turned up early Saturday morning ? ? ? with a Sig pin upon her person—after a general quizz upon the subject said Chi O could furnish no information except that she will return it to TEVIE as soon as he is sober . . . . The hul of PURDUE monopolized the windy city Saturday night— at the Trianon and Aragon the managements decided that it was PURDUE NIGHT and dedicated it accordingly—while the Kappa Sigs, and Sig Chis, and SPE’s took over the Terrace Room of the Morrison Hotel—graduate students absorbed the Medinah Athletic Club—^Phi Kapps and DUs played hob with the Walnut Room of the Bismark Hotel—while certain others dilly dallied around in a manner typical of ^mall town lads celebrating a glorious victory all over Chicago and mainly the loop .... Something in Chicago sure took an awful hunk out of the side of OTTO BUENTING’s face — we wonder just what JOHN VAN NATTA and BILL BRANDT had to do with this disfigurement ? ? ?—it is lovely weather isn’t it, OTTO ? ? ...
Pi Phi Crate”
“DEBRIS” SEBENTHAL was on the loose in Chicago and his nurse date had him on the run—^he left the game at the end of the first quarter thinking that the game was over—that was the last anyone saw of him including the brothers with whom he was supposed to come home with until very early Monday morning when he finally showed up at the Alpha Gamma Rho House .... WALT “BULL” CLARK didn’t see the ball game even though he was in Chi—in some manner the poor boy lost his pin and when he awakened sufficiently, his dearest brothers had him believing he had pinned a waitress In a Chinese GLEN MARTIN went south for for the week-end, spending it in Lexington, Ky., the home of men’s paradise, University of KENTUCKY—it seems he has picked out a beautiful Kentucky co-ed to plank his pin on —^it was one of those rapid romances, for he had seen her only six hours befoife this week-end . . . .
MRS. ARLINE Gifted Reader and Advisor Advice on All Alfairs of Life Special Reading 25c Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
It is a well-known fact, by now, that Mr. William Randolph Hearst does not like Stanford. It is also a fact, though not so well-known, that Stanford does not like Mr. Hearst. This makes things pretty even, and very jolly all around. Now comes the news that, as a result of overwhelming student birding of Mr. Hearst’s Metrophony News at the Varsity, the manager has been forced to substitute the Pathe News for the Metrophony. This is fine. Let us bear in mind that last spring Hearst tried to boycott Stanford by not mentioning Stanford’s name in his valuable papers. He finally quit after several months of the ordinary Hearstian feebleness, when he found that he coudn’t get around the name of Stanford. Now, it seems that Mr. Hearst couldn’t get along without Stanford, but Stanford can very comfortably get along without Mr. Hearst.—Stanford Daily.
DR. A. M. miON Dentist 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmak^nr This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Ths thinkbur fellow esUs A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blaek Cera for Special Occaaiona 26e per paeaenger any part of the city 5028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘It ain’t much of a part, but it’s a startof England.”
you’re to be Qileen
RALPH BAUER had the honor? ? of hauling MARIANNE CUMMINGS around while in Chicago—^the only catch was that he couldn’t get rid of SKINNER who didn’t have a date and didn’t want one—^it is too bad how love can interfere . . . Everybody is wondering how that old SPE wreck ever got to Chicago and back—Hugh Forster, Bob Hensler, George “Joe” Roper and “Punchie” Louis were the boys whose confidence in such a contraption was not betrayed—they averaged 28 miles an hour and arrived and returned safely and soundly — who ever said miracles can’t happen ? ... MARS CONTEST MARS doit, dirt, doit, dirt—send in your contribs and for the best you can get a MARS douible-pass—it doesn’t have to be in poem form—^just any old kind of dirt will do... JOHNNY FRANKS is head man where Freshman MARY WEIS BACK is concerned, and Phi Delt Hess is the sucker of that combination .. . Alpha Chi Cutie HOLDEN, is still sitting at home nights and spending the time writing to her man MITCHELL—tis rumored that she will take a date if some one will only ask her—^you know how
today - SSDAY
DOWN THRU* THE AOESTo Live Forever in Your Memoryl ...A new triumph in the motion picture historyl MAX REINHARDT’S fi miDsumniER niGHT'SJlREfllll by WBBam SHAKESPEARE
Music by
Felix MENDELSSOHN
with
Jem*. CAGNEY Joe. E. BROWN Dick POWELL Jean MUIR Victor JORY ~)«u:i4 others^
No Advance
In Pricea -J- Extra —
“Cobweb Hotel’’ Cartoon in Color Popniar Science
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY JOHN MACK BROWN in ^‘Branded a Coward” and MONA BARRIE GILBERT ROLAND in Xadi^s Love Danger’
New MAIN TODAY - WEDNESDAY
“Bullets or Ballots” EDW. G. ROBINSON JOAN BLONDELL FRANK McHUGH — Plua — “Laaghing Irish Byes” PHIL REGAN WALTER C. KELLY EVELYN KNAPP
it is—its fine to love a man here but when he goes away one must play . . . A new parlor sport was introduced late Saturday evening by Betty Ann Florer and her Exponent escort, who, when last seen, were racing madly around the room on tiny tricycles. At the half Betty was leading by three spokes. Thus started a new cycle of a whirlwind courtship. MORE CHICAGO DIRT TOMORROW
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
— Plus — MICHAEL WHALEN JEAN MUIR SLIM SUMMERVILLE
Sequel t« ‘CALL OF THE WILD'
JACK BENNY BOB BURNS MARTHA RATE GEORGE BURNS GRACIE ALLEN BENNY GOODMAN ind his orchestra StiirleyROSS RayMiLlAND flank Forest Benny Fi^s LEOPOLD STQKOWsiu ^and his symphony orchestra TODAY - WEfDNESDAY VrBflPBnrVkBi
SUBSCRIBE TO THE exponent^ * -i^ 5 '"* ( ,
44.'^ v- ■
Taeeday, October 20,1986
THIS PUKDUB EXPONENT
P
ielder’s.... ...choice By Bob Walpole
Another week-end is past and our Boilermakers are still among the the undefeated teams ... in the Big Ten conference besides Purdue in the no-loss column are Indiana, Minnesota and Northwestern. . . _fc_ Here is a theoretical cyde . . . . it would be swell if it worked out, and we wouldn’t be surprised to see it function .... Purdue beat Minnesota on Saturday .... Minnesota lick the Wildcats the following week, and end the season with a Boilermaker victory bv«r the, Hoosiers . . . therefore Purdtte would have the undisputed championship of the Western Conference ... —fc— If our Boilermakers continue to play ball the way they did the last three quarters against Chicago, we are sure that they will at least do their part .... —fc— Speaking of the Mai^ons brings one thing to our minds that might even be discussion... if we had lost, it would sound like sour grapes . . . it is never a good policy to suggest that the officiating wasn’t up to par, but there are times when even the officials step over the line . . . that happened with the Maroons. . . —^fc— Purdue was penalized 76 yards to Chicago’s 5 .... there is a strong possibility that three of our strongest offensive threats will be on the sidelines for a few of the future games because the officials neglected to call penalties for clipping during the early parts of the game . . . what happened and why the officials didn’t call the clipping, we don’t know . . . just one of those things but it seems inexcusable .... —^fc— Nebraska took our most prominent rivals, the Hoosiers . . . Northwestern tripped over Ohio State . . . Duquesne upset Pitt’s Rose Bowl hopes . . . Penn spoiled Princeton’s vision of the New Year’s Day game on the west coast . . . and so goes football with wins, losses, and upsets .... —fc— Two of the last four Gimbel Basketball prize winners are members of the Boilermaker hardwood five Co-captain Jim Seward won the award in 1933, and Sammy Lyboult, a sophomore who is expected to see lots of action this season, won the award in 1935 ....
The billiard contests held last week were closely contested. W. P. Dickie won the straight rail with a run of 20, L. Rowan had a score of 77 in rotation to win, and R. W. Reynolds with a total of 16 was the victor in the 14.1 balkline. Anyone interested in these contests may inquire in the billiard room of the Union.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
Isbell Leads Kizermen To Crush Chicago, 35-7; Injuries Mar Victory
Texan Gets Touchdown, Passes For Three More, Kicks 4 Points; Vergane, Drake, Stalcup Hurt With Cecil Isbell leading the offensive attack the Boilermaker gridiron eleven continued its high-scoring march toward a Big Ten football championship by crushing the Chicago Maroons, 35 to 7, on Stagg Field Saturday £(,ftemoon in the final contest of a 42-yQar series. Isbell crossed the goal line for one touchdown and hurled passes
that resulted in three more, in addition to booting the first four extra points. Hopes for a win over Minnesota were dimmed, however, as three offensive stars on the Purdue team were injured in the rough struggle. Vergane, stalwart sophomore end, was clipped from behind at the beginning of the second half and sent to the sidelines with a knee injury; Drake, leading conference scorer, also suffered a knee injury, and Stalcup, speedy halfback, was incapacitated with pulled ligaments. Scoreless First Quarter After being held scoreless for the first quarter by Fitzgerald’s wellplaced kick and a penalty, a 93-yard drive with Drake and Isbell making long gains through holes opened by the line brought the Kizermen their initial six-point marker. Schreyer nailed a Chicago fumble on the 26yard line, and Cec crossed the line standing up in two attempts and again kicked the extra point to make the half-time score 14 to 0. After Vergane’s injury in the second half the Boilermakers scored rapidly on a lateral pass from Cecil Isbell to Drake, who dashed across the line untouched. At the start of the last quarter Isbell tossed artother lateral to Stalcup for the fourth touchdoAvn and converted once more to. bring thte score to 28 to 0. A long pass from Hamity to Goodstein produced the lone Maroon sixpointer against Purdue reserves in the final quarter. The Old Gold and Black reserves came back with a touchdown drive in which Ippolito, sophomore back, crossed the line. Juska kicked successfully to give the Boilermakers a perfect day in trials for points after touchdowns. The Purdue Military band added to the laurels of the University with its new but well-executed formations during the half-time intermis-
Any Old Music Sheets? Stewart Can Use Them
Have you piles of sheet music in your attic? Have you hoarded old recordings in your basement? Are there musty, unused music books in your library? Albert P. Stewart, University music director, is interested in any contribution of sheet music—classic, popular, vocal or instrumental; recordings—^particularly classical; musical literature— theory, appreciation, or biography. Such donations will be appreciated and made use of by the various musical organizations on the campus. Stewart will be glad to call for your sheet music, 'recordings, or books.
BIX
BEIDERBECKE
IMMORTALIZED
IN A MEMORIAL ALBUM
of
Stirrins Swing Sensations
Although "Bix" is featured on all of these records, they are really a wax preservation of the outstanding work by most of the big names in swingdom. Among the renowned stars who shine in this "jam" session of swing are to be found such names as Trurnbauer, The Dorsey Brothers, Busse, Goodman, Venuti, Lang, Krupa, Teagarden and a host of others. The six records, included m the "ALL STAR" Album, comprise such outstanding favorites as "MISSISSIPPI MUD," "SUGAR," "YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME," "LOUISIANA," "LONELY MELODY," "SAN," "WHEN," "CHANGES," "DEEP DOWN SOUTH," "BARNACLE BILL THE SAILOR" and "BESSIE COULDN'T HELP IT,*’ The records are accompanied by a special booklet written by V/arren Scholl, Secretary of the New York Hot Club. This booklet is written in the language 6f the swing fan and aside from being a gold mine of data on hot music also gives a detailed account of the life of Bix Beiderbecke and his association with various outstanding bands of his time.
514 Main
McLeaif Music Co.
Tel. 7917
Drake, Isbell Lead In Big Ten Scoring
First and second scoring honors in the Big Ten go to John Drake and Cecil Isbell. Though Cec stole the show at Chicago by scoring once and kicking four extra points thus bringing his total to 19, Johnny holds the lead with four touchdowns, one of which was made Saturday against the Maroons. Third honors in this point amassing contest to go to Don Geyer, Northwestern fullback, who brought his total to 17 Saturday as he made one touchdown and ^o conversions in the game against Ohio State. The rest of the field has been left far behind and at the present time offers little competition to the lead-
WAA Swimming Oass Meets Wednesday
The Women’s Athletic Association will organize a class for new and advanced swimmers at 5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. The meeting
Will be held fit the Women’s Gym, and is open to all co-eds. Tentative plans for the class include a swimming meet, a water carnival, and a beginners’ class. The club will be in charge of Miss Hilda Schwehn of Fort Wayne, a new instructor, who is serving as a part time staff member. Meetings will be held every Thursday at 7:30 in the pool at the men’s Gym.
-f ^
-f 4-
> -f -f 4- 4-
SOFTBALL
TUESDAY, ^CTOBER 20
-f 4
/ ,
Diamond
6— Beta Theta Pi vfl'. Sigmaa Alpha EpsUon
Official, Gillis.
7— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Official,
Nobs.
9—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official, Mangas. 10— ^Ward 1 vs. Ward 17. 11— Ward 2 vs. Ward 16. 12— ^Ward 4 vs. Ward 15. 13— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Pirathon. Official, Feallock. 14— ^Ward 7x vs. Ward 8. 16—Ward 7 vs. Ward 11. 16—Ward 6 vs. Ward 14. 18—Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official, Bartling.
4 4
444444444
TOUCHBALL GAMES
4444444444
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20
Of-
Of-
Pield
1— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
^^ficial, Boyer.
2— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu.
ficial, Hamilton.
3— Delta Chi vs. Theta XI. Official, Beck. 4— Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Offic-
ial, Kerher.
6—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Official, Gaulke. 6— Delta ISu Delta vs Theta Tau. Of-
ficial, Latter.
7— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. Official,
Spencer
4 4
4 4
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRESHMEN TENNIS 4 4 4 4 4-4 4
4 4
4 4
20
R
TUESDAY, OCTOBER
4 ‘15 o’clock
B. Petersen vs. P. T. Cooper. E Wilks vs. M Johnson F. Bremer vs J. Kerwin. M E. Disney vs R Mullett.
C. E. Franklin vs. J, A. Hebbler.
H. Fuente vs. L. Meyer.
T. C. Foxworthy vs. J. H. Johttlson.
A. Mickewich vs. 6. bVye. J T Small vs R Schrader.
K Blessing vs. A. Boksenbom.
J E Lentz vs G. Alexander.
M F. Wildish vs W. F. Shirley. A. Chapline vs. W. P. Gobeille.
WAA Begins Sports Official Trainini
'Training for offidalff in’nockcy, basketball, volleyball d'nd bftseball will be given by the Purdue Ofl^al’s club, sponsored by W. A. A. beginning tomorrow at 4 o’clock. A local B rating will be given to those who pass a written test and a inractieal test given by a group of national rating officers. Practice for hockey may he made up at the hockey practice going on now at 4 o’clock each evening. After two local “B” ratings have been received, a co-ed may go to the midwest conference and try for a national rating.
RLTEK-COOLtD
MEDICO
GOES OH MSHE:
Msuia MSft#
^ Tliisifinple«19eui>
k,/ ing yet amasing r sbaoiW filter ii^
veation with Cello* phane exterior and cooliag mesh screen
interiorkeepsinioes
esiaFilter
iAoi^Se
and flakes^
[ aadoatof mouth* . Preveata tongue
1 bite, raw month,
iel,b^
nitEST BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
, wet heel,
^odor, frequent expMtofation. ^ No breaking
in.ImproTes thetasteand
laromaofanv \toba«ccC~"
MSO filOERETTE END eiOEO'
NOtOEES
THE ONLY PATENTED ‘^CE L LOP H A N E '’-SEALED FILTEM^IT REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES “Deac” H. G. REISNER
The ofReen «f tfie IcNttd OffieiaPe elub are lUigim Kethg, preeideiiL; Pauline Swiek, Eeerete^-treasitrer, and Miss Bradr, eponMOr* Tlie first meeting for all girls interested is tommrow at 4 o’clock.
Dr. S. 8. Cromer, of the department of education, will go to Indianapolis tomorrorw to attend the Indiana Schoolmen’s club, and to preside at the annual meeting of the department of teacher training. Dr. Cromer is president of this department and has been responsible in part for the program.
FOR Over 50 Years
The Leading Drug Store for
University People Bartlett DrugCo.
"The price is always low" 306 State Phone 4451
Body and Fender Straightening
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.
Aitto Body Shop
421-423 North Third Dial 2998
Idiot!—>1 had the right of way and you know itl,
J/lfhateha ataring at—can’t a guy stop and fix his earf
Why don'toha look where you’re going!
Bin Holman, the widely-known cartoonist, has given some auggestioni for the preventiou of automobile aeoldenta. His advice, appearing in a new booklet on the traffic problem published by the Travelers Insurance Company, ie as follows: Check the wheel—make enre thgt a loose nut Isn’t holding It. Be sure the Miss In the motor is Bitting beside yon. Don’t race trains to oroBilngs. If H’a a tie you lose.
For Jaywalkers eve^y year le leap year. Be sure the only erank In the ear Is In the tool box. A pedestrian la a man whe missed the payments on bis ear. If yon mugt have a blowout hart It at home. A bird at the wheel le worth twn In the ambulanoe. ' Beware of preen driven on red llfhti.
Take Hef^^Ont to IMnner
AND MAKE IT THE UNION’S
appetizer, then a bowl of our delicious soup, then a
fibae ssdad followed by your
own choice of meats or fish,
potatoes, two vegetables, de-
licious hot rolls and butter
aH topped off with a gener-
ous sized helping of desert.
What a dinner for your date
. . , and not too expensive.
Purdue Memorial Union
Corner o/ the Cmnpm
Center o/
Sf A■ ■ii
m-
FouJ*
THE PURDUE SlXPONENT
Tuesday, October 20, 1986
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINE^, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. EbershoflP, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Men*a Lockers—Men who have lockers in main locker room and are not using them please turn kejm in to,intramural office and receive your $2.00. —CLBVBTT.
Eta Kappa Nn—Important business meet* ing Oct. 20 in room 1 of the Union at 8 p. m. All actives please be preseht. —McEACHRON.
Edw. J. Freeberg, Piano Tuner. Phones—36101, 4787.
Lost—Slide rule in Armory, last Tuesday. Return to Walter Jones, 41 N. Salisbury. Reward.
For Sale—Table Model Radio. Good condition. $5. Phone 7954.
Slide Rule Lost—Brown case and black strap, marked C. W. Hamilton. Return to 152 S. Grant. Phone 41804, or notify Prof. Todd. Reward.
FLAT TOP OFFICE DESK — Like new, $15, roll top office desk $12.50. Two metal swivel desk chairs each $3, chifferobe with wardrobe space $10. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth Street.
Today—At 216 Columbia Street Home made rolls, fried chicken, chicken and noodles. Bring containers.
For Sale—4-cylinder Buick sedan; exceptionally good tires, $26. 435 N. Main St., West Lafayette.
For Rent—Sleeping rooms, modern, lower front. Adults. 1433 Columbia. Phone 6391.
NOTICES No notices acccptml after S p.
Independenta—All interested in debating or Beveridge cup contest must see Don Housekeeper, phone 8009, as soon as possible. Independents entering Beveridge contest must sign up with him. —WHITE.
Basic Students—^Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFORD.
Freshman Swimming—^All candidates for freshman swimming and water polo teams report in pool at 4:16 p. m. Oct. 20.' —ALLEN.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Disenssion Group—^Meeting W]ednesday, Oct. 21, at 7:80 p. m., in room 2 of the Union Building. The subject discussed will be “Wiggam.” —KUEHN.
Tau Beta Pi—^Important meeting Oct. 21 at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. All active members urged to be present. —WAIT.
Soph Co-eds—Applications for co-ed debate manager received in the debate office Wednesday, Oct. 21,' at 4 p. m. ' —SMALL.
Christian Science Organization—A regular meeting will be held Oct. 20 in room B from 7 p. m. until 7:46 p. m. Everyone interested is welcome. —WILLS.
Flying Club—Meeting in room D, Union Building, at 7:30 p. m., Oct. 20. The meeting is open to new membrnn. —McCRACKIN.
Sophomore Debate Managers—Meet in debate office in the Union Building at 4 p. m., Oct. 20. —DEARTH.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges—Call for carnot cycles at Triangle house Oct. 20. —MURRAY.
Military Bail Committee—Meeting in the cadet officers’ room this afternoon at 4 o’clock, —BAKER.
Scabbard and Blade—^Meeting tonight in room A of the Union' at 7:80. —BAKER.
Music Room Program
Purdue Dairy Club—Meeting Wednesday, Oct. 21, in Smith Hall at 7 p. m. All of the Freshmen are especially invited to attend. —SCHLOSSBR.
Union Workers—^My committee will meet in the Union Workshop at 4 p. m., 'Tuesday Oct. 20. Important. —STALLINGS.
Union Sophomores—^The following members of my committee will meet in the workshop Oct. 20, at 4 p. m.: Shoemaker, Shipley, Buechler, Fuener, Kfessel, Man* love, Reeder, Betty Rann, Jean Bailey, Elizabeth Stewart, Meleney. —PPORZHEIMER.
Union—^The following will please meet in the Union office at 6 p. m. Tuesday, Oct. 20: Martha Wood, Martha Reed, Bud Taylor, Tom Garland, Jack Poor, Margaret Jones. —McLEOD.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., Tuesday, Oct. 20. —WIEGANDT.
Women’s Bowling—Sororities and wards entering the Women’s Bowling League must have practice before Thursday, Oct. 22 —MYTINGER.
Noon 12:00—1:00 TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1936 Stephen Foster’s Melodies (Foster) EVENING 4:00—6:00 1. Sextette from Lucia (Donizetti). 2. Quartette from Rigoletto (Verdi). 3. Carmen Chanson du Toreador (Bizet). 4. 'Tosca Te Deum (Puccini). 6. Sonata in A Major (Beethoven. 6. Sonata in A Major (Beethoven). 7. Sonata in A Major (Beethoven). ^ 8. Sonata in A Major (Beethoven). ' 9. Sonata in A Major (Beethoven). 10. Minuet in G (Beethoven). 11. Les Filles de Cadix (Delibes). 12. Chanson Indoue (Rimsky-Koraakow).
EXPONENT
Three things happen when you start using Crown Cleaning Service
l...Yon improve your personal appearance
2 • • .Yon save money (clothes money) 3 • • .Yon feel better9 mentally
Start Using Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
WAA Membership Drive Launched
W. A. A. began a ten-day drive for memberships yesterday with a quota of 350 members to be filled. Since there are already 160, all girls wishing to join must do so. at once. Dues to the organization may be paid to ward managers, sorority representatives, or at the office in the Women’s Gym.
Union Workers—Our committees 'will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., Tuesday Oct. 20. —FITTS, CLAYPOLE.
Vesper Services—4:05 p. m. Oct. 20, at Wesley Foundation house. Rev. G. E. Ritchey will discuss history of Protestant church. —McEACHRON.
Women’s Club Meeting In Union Thursday The drama section of the Women’s Club will meet in the faculty lounge of the Union building Thursday. A current Broadway play will be read by H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University English department. The first meeting of the study group of the French section will be in the faculty lounge of the Union building at 2 o’clock.
Ritchey Speaks Today Rev. George E, Ritchey, Baptist pastor, will speak upon the history of the Protestant church at the vesper services at 4:05 o’clock this aftternoon at the Wesley Foundation house on State Street. The meeting is open to all townspeople and students.
Xmax Card Portraits By Artists On Dhplay
An exhibit of Christmas card reproductions of famous American artists who are members of the “American Artists Group,” is on display in Home Ec Building No. 2. Some are in color—^reproductions of oils, water colors, wood engravings, and lithographs. A few of the artists represented include: John Raylor Arms, Peggy
Bacon, Thomas Benton, Emil Ganso, Rockwell Kent, Diego Rivera, Paul Landacre. These artists represent the different schools and are artists of such merit as to deserve wide public recognition. The exhibit will be on display until November 5. ,
ALL CAMPUS HORSESHOES
Competition starts today at 4:15. All those signed up on bulletin board please report at the horseshoe courts east of the Armory. —CLIFTON, TERRY.
All Kinds of Coal RUSK COAL (
;o.
We Specialize in DEEP VEIN COAL Phone 5741
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office.
—WELDY.
h
Alpha L^bda Delta—Initiation postponed
-PITTMAN.
^jnl
until Oct. 26 at 8:30 a. m.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. .Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind. <
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and\ Automatic Gas HWters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
SPERB.. PlHHie 2777
Hardware 822 Main
Its a Liqht Smoke!
When Thrilling Events Lead To Constant Smoking! When you’re excited... nervous... happy and thrilled, you smoke many cigarettes without thinking about it. Make your choice a light smoke. Smoke Luckies—for Luckies are a
light smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco. They are made of the center leaves of the finest tobaccos that money can buy. And they ate the only cigarette in which you’ll find the allimportant throat proteaion of the ’’Toasting’* process. Yes, the only cigarette. Lucky Strike ... the fine-tasting cigarette ... the cigarette that “lives happily ever-after’’ with your throat.
* *‘SWEEfSTAKES” FUSH! * * 17 Winners in Alaska and Honolulu!
Eleven men and women in far off Honolulu and six way up north ia Alaska know their popular music so well that they have been able to name the top ranking songs in Your Lucky Strike “Sweepstakes” 1-2-3 —just like that. Congratulations... and good luck to the many other far-away "Sweepstakes” fans.
Have you entered yet? Have you
)ur delicic
won your delicious Lucky Strikes? There's music on the air. Tune ia "Your Hit Parade”—Wednesday and Saturday evenings.Listen, judge and compare the tunes—then try Yoqr Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and tty them. Maybe you’ve been miss-
ing something.
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED / TOBACCO - "IT’S TOASTED"
Cowrrlsht l»»8. Tht Amerlim Tohwco Campmur