‘' V t 5:
®he Purdue lExponeut
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOtUME XLVIIIv
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, NOVEMBEE 10, 1936
NUMBEE42
Students Wm Pay Sflent Armistice Day Tribute Services At 11 O’clock In Union Following 21
Gun Salute By POMM
At H:00/o’cloclc tomorrow the entire University will pause and observe Armistice Day in silent reverence to those who
died in the Great War.
Services will be held in the Memorial Union Building starting with a national salute of 21 guns to be fired by Purdue Order of Military Merit mem-
Crash Victim
Improves
Two Others Injured Ketiirn To School Frederick C. Goldsmith, University freshman, from Marion, who was seriously injured in an automobile crash last Wednesday, was reported slightly improved late on
Sunday afternoon.
Goldsmith was injured when the automobile in which he and three other freshmen, Ealph Smith, Forest N. Prater, and Thomas Lorenz, were riding, collided with an interurban freight car near Kokomo. The crash proved fatal for Lorenz, who was buried Saturday. Smith and Prater were not seriously injured, however, itnd were released from the hospital Thursday, and returned to school yesterday.
Annual Poultry
Course
Beg
ms
Under the supervision of W. B. Werner, ’22, and the agricultural Btaff, the eighteenth annual poultry short course began yesterday. Twenty-nine persons, representing Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky signed for this course, which is to include two weeks of intensive training in feeding, breeding, and hatching problems. Other problems to be considered are egg production, control and prevention of^ poultry diseases, and marketing efficiency. The course will end November 21.
Seven Co-eds Meet In Lodde Speech Finals Speeches Will Be Conducted In Home Economics Building At 8 The Lodde speech contest ffnals will begin at 8:00 p. m. tonight instead of 7:30 as originally planned* The Co-ed activity banquet which is being held tonight made the change necessary. The finals will be conducted in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. The seven finalists and their chosen subjects are: Georgianne Schilling, “Manners;” Euth Ezra, “What College Means To Me;” Catherine Cromer, “What Do Co-eds Talk About;” Mary Johnston, “In Defense Of Movies;” Barbara Gibbs, “Manners;” Sara Schaaf, “Sorority Eush;” and Euth Hall, “What College Means To Me.” These seven survive the ninety preliminary contestants.
Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to Dr. E. C. Elliott, was in Columbus, Ohio, over the week-end for a district meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Professor Hockema is president of the Indiana section of the organization.
bers. It will bfe followed by taps. Wreath Shortly afterward the members of POMM will lay a wreath on the bronze plaque in the Memorial Union Building, and Jim Shoemaker, president of the Student Union, will read the names of those from the University who gave their lives in the war. Dr. Eobert Phillips, of the University history and economics department will deliver a seven minute speech concerning the war. The whole program will be broadcast on the University radio station, WB-
AA.
Purdue has a great record for valor shown in the last war. Over 4,000 students and alumni saw service. Sixty-four died for the cause. Dinner An Armistice Day dinner under the auspices of the Purdue Eeligious Council will be held at 6 p. m., in the Home Economics Building. The speakers will be Prof. Noss and Major Kurtz. The price will be 40 cents.
EE’s Tackle 600,000 Volts Electrical Engineers Try Out High Teksion Line
stuaents wno nave never nad a chance to witness the high voltage transmission line on the north campus in operation at night wil receive that chance tonight. At 7 p. m. the line will be operated at 600,000 volts. The potential of this line is great enough to ionize the air immediately surrounding the cable and produce a violet colored corona and a hissing noise on the
line.
During this colorful demonstra-
tion five seniors and graduate students under the direction of Dr. Harding and C. S. Sprague will measure the voltage and power losses in the high-voltage laboratories. Only one other laboratory in the country, associated with an engineering school, is in a position to provide such a demonstration of ^he future possibilities of extra high voltage electric power transmission.
Wickard Gets AAA Position Claude R. Wickard, Carroll county farmer, and a graduate of Purdue University, has been appointed by Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace to suceed Gerald B. Thorne as director of the North Central Region of the Agricultural Adjustment Administration. The division includes ten of the corn belt states. Following his graduation from the school of agriculture in 1916, Wickard operated a farm near Camden with such success that he was selected a,s one of the Master Farmers of Indiana. In the fall of 1933, Wickard was appointed to a position with the AAA.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Room
ESTEY NAMES “BIG FOUR” OF ENGLISH LITERATURE In speaking on British fiction in a talk for the Browsing Room group. Dr. Estey named the following as the “big four” of English literature since 1900: H. G. Wells, Bernard Shaw, John Galsworthy, and Arnold Bennett. On the shelves of the Browsing Room we have a, number of books by these authors, and it might be of interest to list them for future reference. Not all of them are fiction, for the “Outline Of History” and the “Science Of Life,” by Wells, are two of his most widely read volumes. In fiction we have his “Tono-Bungay” and an omnibus volume containing seven novels, which he speaks of in the preface as “scientific fantasies.” Shaw’s Fiction Shaw’s fiction is not much read in America, but we have a volume containing nine of his plays, including “Saint Joan” in which Katharine Cornell scored such a success last year. Galsworthy is represented by three diiferent volumes: “The Forsyte Saga,” three books in one, a volume of nine plays and a collection of essays under the title, “Castles In Spain.” Bennett’s two books of fiction, “Clay Hanger” and the “Old Wives’ Tale,” completes the list. Rebecca West in one of her books on literary criticism calls these men the “four uncles” of English literature.
No one at Cleveland College can smoke in the elevator; or take joy rides up and down.
Death Of Grid Captain Stuns Butler Students Spero Costas Killed In Auto Crash Near Crawfordsville; Cosgrove Injured In Second Mishap Cheers of victory for a championship were suddenly hushed by news of the death of Spero Costas, captain and scrappy quarterback of the Butler University football team in an auto crash near Crawfordsville Saturday evening. ^ Hard on the heels of thi» announcement came the news of
the critical injury of Arthur Cosgrove, senior captain of the basketball squad, in another crash on Thirteenth and Pennsylvania streets, Indianapolis. Practice has been called off and the team will attend Costas’ funeral in Canton, 111., at 2 o’clock today. Cosgrove was driving down Pennsylvania street about 2 Sunday morning When his car collided with one driven by Monroe Grant at
Thirteenth street.
Student Involved In Truck Wreck; Theft Charged Bruce E. Moore, 22, senior in the University school of mechanical engineering. Was arrested"' early last Sunday morning on charges of the theft and wrecking of a pick-up truck belonging to Ray Longster, 113 North Ellsworth, West Lafayette. Head Injuries He was picked up on route 52 northwest of Lafayette about an hour after the truck was reported stolen. Moore received several head injuries when he wrecked the car. Indications showed that the truck had turned over several times. Police officers took Moore to the St. Elizabeth hospital for treatment before taking him to the police station. On being questioned, Moore stated he had been drinking. He said that he had left the place where he had been drinking around 2 o’clock in the morning—shortly before the truck was reported stolen —and didn’t remember what happened after that.
Ammerman Plays^ Black Cats Yowl, At Friday PIA Hop Black cats and yellow moons will stare at the P. I. A. members who defy superstitions and attend the “Black Cat” dance Friday, November 13th, the first big dance of the year to be sponsored by that organization. The orchestra will be that of Johnny Ammermap, who will conduct the rites from 9 o’clock till the bewitching hour of midnight. Only P. I. A. members will be admitted; “stags” will be taboo, according to custom. Military Ball Decorations The decorations for this affair will be the remodeled Military Ball adornments, with a black cat dominating the stage, and the i^andfronts made into Resigns apprppriate to the occasion.
Dr. T. E. Mason, of the mathematics department, and chairman of the University comniittee pn grades, will discuss “Standards Of Grading” at 7:30 tomorrow evening before the agricultural staff. The meeting will be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, under the auspices of the committee on methods of teaching.
EatSfSkitfAnd MusicForPIA P. I. A.’s social season opens tomorrow night at 7:30 with a get-to-gether party in the Union ballroom. The evening’s entertainment will range from the Skit Shop production, “Common Clay,” to selections by the P. I. A. orchestra, and solos by Estelle Dix, pianist for the orch-
estra.
The play, “Common Clay,” coached by Prof. P. E. Lull, is a hilarious comedy in swing time; the rhythm for which will be furnished by the P. I. A. orchestra. Following the entertainment, which is open to all jndependent Students, refreshments will be serv-
ed.
Annual Hort Show Ends High School Students Divide Honors Students from Anderson and Klondike high schools divided honors in the judging contest at the annual horticultural and flower show held in the Horticultural Building, which ended Sunday afternoon. More than 4,000 attended the show which started Friday. The Madison county youths placed first in judging apples and the Klondike boys repeated their victory of last year by placing first in vegetable judging. Chrysanthemums Over 100 varieties of chrysanthemums were exhibited in the green house south of the Horticultural Building. Many educational displays were shown in the main building, including an exhibit showing the factors that enter into the cost of commercial flower growing. The flve high teams in placing of apples were Anderson; Reitz of Evansville, Pierceton, Otter Creek township. North Terre Haute; Vigo county, and Klondike high school. The high scoring individuals were Dale Wright, Melvin Weil and Fred Leemaster, tied for second and George Pugsley, fourth.
The inauguration of William -A. Eddy as president of Hobart and William Smith colleges brings the total number of Princeton University graduates now heading American colleges to XI.
DEBRIS PICTURES
Tau Beta Pi and Pi Tau Sigma Debris group pictures will be taken November 11 instead of at scheduled time, dqe to national conventions of both honoraries. The Tau Beta Pi picture will be taken at 8:30 p. m. and the Pi Tau Sigma picture will be taken at 9:10 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. —DWIGHT.
Co-eds wm Hear Lena Phillips At Banquet Women’s Organizations To Attend AedviHes Din^ ner Tonight In The Union Ballroom Activity-minded co-eds will attend en masse at the mmual activities banquet, under the auspices of W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A., this evening at 6 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The guest speaker. Miss Lena Madesin Phillips, a national figure in the fields of law and
Courtesy Journal-Courier. Miss Lena Madesin Phillips, noted woman lawyer and journalist, who is guest speaker at the co-ed activities banquet tonight.
Exponent Eds Win From Debris Squad The Exponent’s bowling team, led by K. E. O’Neil, sophomore issue editor, defeated the Debris squad, 2,016 to 1,838, last night on the Union alleys. O’Neil scored 190 for the highest individual game. The Debris team stopped the Student Union five two weeks ago, while the Exponent lost to the Union team last Monday. Last night’s ^ame^ throw the Activities League iiito -a, three-way tie between the Exponent, Debris and Union, each team having one victory and one defeat. Members of the Exponent team were: W. T. Hunt, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, E. H. Morris and K. E. O’Neil. Debris bowlers were: R. W. Dwight, J^., H. M. Humphreys, C. D. Ehinger, J.tR. O’Connor, and A. A. Siebenthal.
Lovell To Talk On Penal Code Prof. C. L. Lovell of the Chemical engineering staff, will discuss the “Educational Program of Missouri Penal Institutions,” at the next Multiproforum meeting, November 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Training Of Prisoners Lovell’s talk will dqal with training at the prisons, education of the inmates previous to their coming to the prison, types of training offered in the penal institutions, and the reaction of the prisoners to such an educational program.
Display Japanese Prints In Bldg. 2 Japanese prints on display iii Building No. 2 offer an excellent chance for the students, faculty and townspeople to study fine art, according to an announcement made by Miss Helen GoeI>pinger of the applied design department. The exhibit, which includes work of both older and modern artists, will be open until December 4.
EXPONENT STAFFS
Debris pictures will be taken this evening in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The business staff picture will be taken at 7:20 p. m., and the editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs should appear at 7:30 p. m. All freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors are requested to be present. —MORRIS.
journalism, will be introduced by Patricia Jones, president of Y. W. C. A. Ruth Copel^d, W. S. G. A. president, will serve as toast-mistress. Music will be furnished during the dinner hour by Bill Douglas and his orchestra. Guest List Guests at the banquet, who will be introduced by Betty Arnold, W. A. A. president, are President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Miss Helen W. Hazelton, Miss Clare A. Coolidge, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Mrs. Roy C. Street, president of the local Business and Professional Women’s Club, Miss Mildred Smith, president of the Altrusa Club, Mrs. R. B. Stewart, president of the A. A. U. W., and the heads of all the co-ed activities. Large Attendance Promised A large attendance is promised as the Women’s Residence Hall has voted to come 100 per cent, and three-fourths of most of the organized groups will be present. ’Rcket sales closed at 1 o’clock yesterday, but a few remaining tickets at 65 cents each have been placed on sale at the Union desk. Elizabeth Ann Stewart is general chairman of the banquet, with Margaret Jones, social chairman of the W. A. A., Sara Alice McIntosh, social chairman ojLY. W.,C. A. and Betty Klein, chairman of ticket, sales, as her assistants.
Vocational Session Ends Two - Day Conference Attracts Over 200 A discussion of the present larend in guidance featured the closing session of the annual two-day Guidance Conference, which was held at the University November 6 «nd 7, attracting a group of more than 200 educators, personnel directors, and college and high school instructors. Lee Addresses Visitors Edwin A. Lee, superintendent of schools in San Francisco, addressed the visitors at a banquet Friday evening on the subject “The Role of Vocational Guidance in the General Guidance Programs.” The speaker cited in his lectxire five realms of experience in which guidance is important: government, leisure, health, ethics, and relationships of students and teachers. Morris E. McCarty, superintendent of schools in Lafayette, presided at the closing session of the conference in which a symposium on present trends in guidance was presented.
Omicron Nu Pledges Omicron Nu announces the formal pledging of the following coeds: Ellen Mann, Alpha CM Qunega; Barbara Harrison, Kappa Alpha Theta; Peg Carter,.Pi Beta Phi; Doris Kitchin, and Wilma Mfilei*, a graduate student.
Only
More Days To dot That BUCKET!I T\ V ^
1 ■. .
gpwyn'^fwyy^
aao^
/
ft>ge ’l*wo
No Smoking And Freshmen The much needed revival of the no smoking tradition was instigated by alumni and upperclassmen, without consulting freshmen. And yet it is these little men who, having been on the campus almost two whole months, are now presuming to take matters into their own hands. It is the frosh who are most flagrantly breaking the tradition, and it is the frosh who, with the exception of certain faculty men, are heaping the most ridicule on the tradition. Of course all we puny upperclassmen listen to the commands of the freshmen with utmost respect and with silent admiration for their brilliant minds. After all, are not the freshmen the most important people on the campus? Is it not up to them to dictate the principles of conduct for the inferior animals known as upperclassmen who are occasionally to be seen slinking about the campus ? But there are a few upperclassmen who are so rude as to tell a freshman he is wrong, and then there are hundreds of frosh who mistakenly believe they don’t know everything—^yet. Someday, even though it be sacriligeous to predict such a happening, the upperclassmen may be deluded into believing they aren’t inferior to the great freshmen. Then there might be a revolution of some sort, with frosh from that day obeying this most cherished tradition. n Paddling would be distinctly out of order but a new species of animal would be welcomed by the Biology pond.
Current Comment
Prepaid Education Financing one’s college education is a consideration of prime importance to Purdue students. A great many are getting along virtually by “the skin of their teeth.” Some who really cannot afford to attend the University are doing so only by endangering their health or neglecting their studies to hold a job which provides them only meager quantities of food and poor lodgings. University officials have realized for some time that students who work their way through school make on the average lower grades than those who have things “easy” financially. Psychology teaches us that hours over the books are ineffective when the student is worrying. Financial worries are not to be excepted in this conclusion. Students are not advised to attend the University if they must work their way. This is as far as the University has acted upon the question. Bucknell University is instituting a parent prepayment plan which is designed to eliminate the necessity of students having to work their way through school. Under the Bucknell system, the university will act as banker, investon and kindly father to the embryo college fipeshman. Parents may begin financing their children’s college education at birth by starting an account with the university. Any amount from a dollar up will be accepted at any time. The University will invest carefully the money received and the interest received will be credited to the future students’ accounts. If, when the student comes of college age, he cannot pass the entrance requirements or desires to attend another college, the money will be refunded in a lump sum. Parents and prospective students will receive “counsel and guidance about university curricula” as the interest accrues. It might be well to investigate the Bucknell system and see how it develops. If it proves successful, Purdue could do worse than adopt a similar system.—^A. H. F. $utbue exponent Founded in 1883
1036 Member 1937 F^sockded Goiiediate Press Distributors of Gc)lle6iateDi6est lloMbor of National CMloKe Press Association. Bis Ten Editorial Assoeiatton aspaBoaNTCD por nationai. aovbrtisino by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pmbtlskers Regretentative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHiCAoo • Boston . ban Francisco Los ANOELES . PORTLAND • SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Ddivared by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carmr, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDlTOiBIAL STAFF
Edttor-in-Chief.. ...... — W. T. Hunt ManaEing Editor B. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. H. Forster,
B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
' SPORTS STAFF Bporta Editor.. —... -
Associate E^rts Editors
.....»......Li. D. Wood
....W. H. Fiaeld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenehain
BIJBIN»» STAFF Business Manager—^. B. J. Hulse KaMonal Advertising Manager.. — L. B. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. C. Miller Oirralation Managsr. .— ........ J. P. Girard
Editm^AdVertifini Asseehiite'
WOMENS STAFF
Manager.......,., ■ ...
_ Helen Creech Betty Barnett
.... Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
Issne Editor—D, A. Bailey
THE PURDUE EXPONENT y
Tuesday* November 10,1986
Radio Education The United States offices of education have sponsored five nation-wide education programs over the National and Columbia networks. At present the fan m^il for these programs is pouring into the offices of the radio stations at the rate of 6,000 letters per week. A fund of $113,000 has been appropriated by the federal government to perpetuate these programs through June, 1937. The education offices are rapidly discovering new methods by which education material may be adapted to airway presentation. Programs are also being co-ordinated with class-room work. The project is broadening each day. Arrangements are being made for the creation of an educational script exchange service in order that students may obtain printed copies of programs to which they have listened. The exchange service will also endeavor to aid small local stations in the presentation of effective educational programs. If the trend in radio education continues, Purdue may eventually have radios in classrooms instead of professors. It would be an easy way to cut an 8 o’clock ... lie in bed and listen to your own radio at home.—A. H. F.
Readers’ Opmioins The Expoiteni welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Concerning Convocations To the Editor: Why must individuals go to musical programs and then talk and laugh continually, disturbing all those about them who really want to listen? Can’t something be done to quiet such nuisances ? Then, why cannot those in attendance wait until the program is over before leaving? Frequently the finest numbers are encores, yet how can they be appreciated with the crowd scrambling to the exits in a mad rush to get away? How complimented the performers must feel to see such a spectacle. (And sonae faculty members are the worst offenders in this respect.) And when will the audience learn riot to applaud between the movements of a number? To have a wild burst of applause with all its accompanying disturbances in the middle of a selection must be extremely annoying to the conductor and the performers to say nothing of the few listeners who are trying to follow the continuity of the theme. If necessary, print on the program “Do not applaud before the completion of a number”. In musical appreciation, Purdue is still definitely in the hick college class. During the school year when there is opportunity to listen to only three or four musical programs of real merit. Why mu^t those programs be spoiled by those tow who "do not know the rudiments of good taste and who are absolutely inconsiderate of the wishes of others ? If a person does not want to listen attentively to a musical program, let him stay away. Attendance is not compulsory. If he attends, let him act as a lady or a gentleman should.—E. B. S.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER - The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Inheritances Most people who are possesed of fabulous fortunes today got them by inheritance. Of course, some have achieved a great financial success by their own efforts, but the great majority obtained their money from someone else’s hard work. The fact that the playboys never had to work for a living is the explanation of almost all socialistic tendencies in America today. Those who are compelled to work for bare subsistence are envious of those who have noth ing to do but get soft or play games- Huge inheritance taxes, which, ^ter all, were considered socialistic not so long ago, have been the result of this feeling. If inheritance taxes were made so large as to confiscate everything over perhaps a hundred thousand dollars, many believe that the mal-distribution of wealth would soon be cut down. But steps would also be necessary to prevent evasions, as by gifts, of such taxes. Inheritance taxes today are high, but seldom indeed is there a very wealthy person who does not manage to distribute his fortune so that little or no tax is paid. The biggest object to cutting down on inheritances is that most people work for the sake of their children, and, with this incentive eliminated or greatly modified, they would slack up and the country would not make such notable progress. This is at least partially true, and must be considered by the law makers when they start action to increase inheritance taxes.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon* orary'fees, 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
What was tha matter with BILL FE16HNER and DOROTHY JOHNSON last Saturday nighLthere must not be much on the ball as far as one is concerned for BILL left at 12:36—^feature it, someone leaving before 1 o’clock ... Th^ girls in WRH who are acquainted with MARY ELLEN PORESMAN are perplexed as to just what is wrong with ED KORTY—every time they have a date together PORESMAN leaves the hall beaming for there are fond hopes upon her part that a Sig Cross will be hers to wear before the evening is over but KORTY continually disappoints her — the WRHers wish ED would hurry up and get their misery over with . . . BEWARE EDS: just a little cautionary note to the eds who have a desire to date WRH TREVA BERRY—there isn’t much chance, for her lU boy friend is continually popping into the picture—he comes up for practically every dance and especially the co-ed bids—so if you think you have what it takes go ahead and date her . . . POME ! ^Now at last Life seems complete You mean that much To me, my sweet I hope you love, 1 hardly know; Today I’m sure— Tomorrow no. This simple question Might destroy Or prove your love The Real McCoy, Tell me, darling If we should wed Might I eat crackers In our bed. —Block and Tackle. JOHN DeGROOT and CHARLIE BAUM took their Camp Knox romances rather seriously—^both imported from Louisville for the Ball —No. 9 and 16 in the Stables—^the Captain’s daughter — or just who are these little southern belles ? ? .. Friday night was initiation night for a group of 12 co-eds—all 12 are now true Purdue co-eds for Heavilon Hall at midnight was the mecca of these sweet little galsevery corner was filled and as the clock struck twelve there was a lull—about two minutes later some one tee-hee’d and the ceremony was over—more tomorrow ... DICK HEDLUND planked one of his three ATO pins on MILDRED PITCH at the Kappa Dance Saturday night—^hold this man tight MILDRED for ’tis rumored that at one time he had all three of his pins out at once—^he still has two of them so you’re safe at the present .... Theta pledge ‘Dissatisfied’ NORMAN took a date very early for Military Ball for the simple reason that she was afraid that no one else would ask her—^later several
-that third one—^hasn’t she marvelous teeth?”
other fellows gave her a buzz— Boy, was she sore . . . The doit and pomes are pouring in fast this week so turn in yours early if you’re interested in those passes to the MARS. The EXPONENT box at the UNION desk is the dumping ground for all such doit. Friday is the deadline . . . TSK, TSK, WES ! WES DWIGHT’S tux front and GEORGE CLAYPOLE’S face had enough lip-stick smeared all over them Friday night to cover a barn —^they weren’t playing pinchypinchy either . . .
[MAIiq I—NOW PLAYING i An All-American Team Coes Into ACTION!
ttkga TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATUrFI
FIERCEST BATTLEl WARNER OLAND .»• KEY£ LUKE' . HELEN WOOD — Plus — LAURENCE OLIVER In “I Stand Condemned”
A Mtlrring romance of the gridiron vah PHILIP HUSTON JAMES GLEASON JUNE TRAVIS BRUCECABOT ANDY DEVINE Directed hy George Nlcholls,Jr. A Pandro Sm Berman Production From the thrilling mod by Franele Wallaco IK04ADIO nCTUU
FIRST TIME SHOWN IN LAFAYETTE
Faculty Members Speak At Women’s Conference Miss Margaret Beeman and Prof, Ruby Clark of the home economics staff went to Michigan City yesterday to speak at the conference of the American Association of University Women.
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY WILL ROGERS in “IN OLD KENTUCKY” — also — LORETTA YOUNG FRANCHOT TONE “UNGUARDED HOUR” 15c Double Feature 15c
un «cnwon ih*\
wilh e totf pkkod hr onlorlainmore STUART ERWIN JOHNNY DOWN! / ARUNE JUOOf BETTY ORABlf % RATSV KELLY JACK HALEY YACHT CLUB BOYE DIXIE DUNBAR ANTHONY MARTIN JUDY GARLAND
NOW PLAYING
LUMAEXPONEHt
Ir/*.^ t-» v) viJr •^'><-
y-
p
Fordham Moves Closer To Rose Bowl Bid With Win Over Purdue, 15-0 Purdue Overshadowed in Every Department Of The Garnet Boilermaker Fumbles Prove Cosdy Jim Crowley’s Fordham squad proved to the entire sporting world that they are the outstanding contenders for the Rose Bowl bid by decisively defeating the Purdue Boilermakers, 15 to 0, Saturday at the Polo Grounds in New York. Although the Boilermakers were outplayed, fumbles allowed the Rams
to run up a higlper score than
was justified. Fordham Line
The Fordba^ line outcharged the Boilermaker line and overshadowed them in eVery de{lartment of the game. Wojceichowicz played a wonderful game at center with his fine tackling and speed. Franco, Fordham’s other candidate for All-American, turned in a good game at tackle. Pierce, however. Was the outstanding man on the Fordham line. The Ram left guard broke through the Boilermaker line time and time again and on two occasioiis recovered fumbles that allowed his team to score their first nine points. On the second play of the game, Drake fumbled. Pierce recovered, and the Rams ran the ball over the goal. Pierce again recovered a fumble by Drake and the Rams were in position to score again. The Rams deserved the victory
DO YOU DANCE? Why Not Enroll in Our November Classes? BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
with their fine showing. Palau kicked a field goal from an angle which was considered one of the outstanding kicks of the year. Gurske cut through right tackle and raced 80 yards for a touchdown. At one time the Rams worked' the ancient “Statue of Liberty” play and caught the Purdue team entire-
ly unawares.
Sigs And Phi Gams Still Undefeated In Softball Play As the fall softball season nears a close, only two undefeated teams remain in the inter-fraternity league. The Phi Gam’s will battle it out with the Sigma Chi’s tomorrow night on diamond sixteen on the intramural field to decide the winner for the upper bracket in the final elimination tournament. The winner of this game will play the winner of the loser’s bracket sometime in the near future to determine the winner of the inter-fratern-ity softball trophy. This game will prove to be close and interesting for both teams are characterized by splendid teamwork and individual-
ity as well.
Monday night’s games narrowed the number of undefeated teams in the freshman) inter-battery elimr ination softball tournament to eight squads. These eight teams, which will be announced in corps day today, will play to determine the win-
ning battery.
When you feel the first hunger note it will he exactly
TIME TO GO TO THE
Ua.^etcxla.
It
• •
Special Noon Plate Lunch 25c MENU. Tuesday, November 10,1936 Meat Balls and Spaghetti French Fried Potatoes Apple Salad DOWNSTAIRS IN THE Purdue Memorial Union Corner qf Campus ... Center of Activity
DAD’S DAY TICKETS
Dad’s Day ducats will be on sale Wednesday, November 11, at 4 p. m., at a special desk in the Union lobby. As there are only three hundred tickets in the block, there will be h limit of three per customer, no reservations made, and only cash sales. - -
Co-eds In Hockey Games At Earlham Eight co-eds participated in the W. A. A. demonstration hockey games at Earlham College November 7. During the miming each cO-ed took charge of a group of gyrls and shewed them proper stickwork. At 1 o’clock they witnessed an exhibition game between a traveling Scotch team and the Earlham W. A. A. team. The Scotch team won by a score of 13-0. The co-eds, Betty Arnold, Virginia Blank, Louise Harry, Mary Humphreys, Elizabeth Maier, Jeanette Schaeffer, June Richards, and Minadel Veneman were accompanied to Richmond by Miss Veronica Brady and Miss Helen Ellis of the women’s physical education department.
Agriculture Officials Confer In Washington L. E. Hoffman, who has been in charge of the educational phases of the agricultural adjustment programs for the University Extension Department, left on Sunday for Washington, D. C., where he is to confer with various department officials on the 1937 agricultural adjustment program. L. M. Vogler, chaiman of the state soil conservation committee has been in Washington since last Friday for a conference called by Secretary Wallace on the crop insurance program. He will remain there this week for the conference which Hoffman has gone to attend.
Fire Breaks Out In Theta Chi House At 7:10 last Saturday evening two Sigma Phi Epsilon boys discovered a fire in the furnace room of the Theta Chi house. The engines were called and soon had the fire under control. At 8:20 the engines were called back and were forced to rip up the fiooring when the fire broke out again. The damage was mostly done to draperies and fiooring and was laid to spontaneous combustion.
Debris Group Pictures
TUESDAY, NOVEIOBER 11 7:00 & 7:10—^Debris, Bu8in«8B & Editorial. 7:20 & 7 :S0—Exponent BuaineBs & Editorial 7:40—A«ricBlturiflt. 7:50—^Pbarmaoist. 8:00—Independent. 8 ;10—^Engineer. 8:20—Ifewnian Club. 8 ;80—^Men Debate. 8:40—Women Debate. 8:60—Frosfa Debate. 9:00—^Delta Rho Kappa. WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 11 7:30—Cosmopolitan. 7:40—^Forestry. 7:50—W. A. A. 8:00—Sports Women. 8:10—Y. A. 8:20—Alpha Fhi Omega. 8:80—^Military Ball Committee. 8:40—^Kappa Psi 8:60—Seabbard and Blade. ^ 9:0(1—Student Union. Ad in Minnesota Daily: “Wanted. A big, crazy, male University student with small appetite—'Will work way around the world or something.” ^
“Slippery slim slimy saplings” and “rubber buggy bumpers” are some of the tongue-tanglers that were given to Renssalaer Polytechnic Institute students who were trying to win a position on the announcing staff of a local radio station.
Victor E. Albright, Wisconsin banker, donated $5,000 to West Virginia University to establish a scholarship fund to help finance one graduate of a Preston county high school through the university each year. •
Snooker Players We have the only Snooker Table in the city, 6 Pocket (Pool), 2 Billiard, 1 Snooker Lester’s Billiard Hall 312 3tate St. Across from P. O.
BowHiiR Toiirnament f T "I YlWT Under Way L a f a y e 11 e Merchants Sponsor Campus Bowling Tourney ' Six teams of Boilermaker bowling enthusiasts met in league play Sunday afternoon on |;he Lafayette Alleys and produced a collection of high scores which were topped by the score of John Southworth’s team. Whose win over the Varsity Boot Shop gave them the league leadership. Lodde Jewelry won from the Sig Ep’s and the Sigma Nu’s defeated the American Laundry team. The special weekly prize for high individual score offered by Lester’s Billiards was won by John Leahy with a score of 233. Leahy had an outstanding three game set of 626. Prizes offered by Smittie’s Lunch, College Inn, Lamb’s, Triple X, and Chocolate Shop were won by Harper, Plapp, Esterline, MikkelseU and Wallace. Winners from the first week were Moore, King, Barrett, Leahy, Brewer and Hooker. A meeting of team captains was held after the league session. John Leahy was elected league president, R. P. Hooker, vice-president, and John Barrett, secretary-treasurer. It was agreed that time for league sessions would be 6 to 7"p. m. on Sundays and that students and any one else were welcome to witness the sessions. There are still a few places for substitutes on different teams. The league will be called “The Purdue Merchant League” after its sponsors and prize donors. Prizes offered by merchants are appreciated and recognized by the league.
‘^Hairy Ape’* Cast Goes Through Paces With Eerie Sound Effects The Playshop brings to the student body, direct from Broadway, one of Eugene O’Neil’s most unique dramas, “The Hairy Ape,” to be presented in Duncan Hall November 20 and 21, at 8 p. m. Theiscene of retoeafsai in^tlTe tower room of the Memorial Union Building has been turned into a veritable zoo. Horrified screams of women, terrified yells of frightened men, amidst the angered growls and the clanking chains of the “Hairy Ape,” lend a touch of “local color” to the scene. This play is being presented as one of the features of the Dad’s Day program. The ticket sales will be opened November 16, in the lobby of the Memorial Union Biulding.
The Amherst College glee club is one of the oldest college glee clubs in the country, having had about 70 years of continuous concert work.
’•IF J!4A1a"
HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RKUC DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg, Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do,irat wedoit weR Wallace Block 322 Fonry St, Opposite Post
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119)4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer^s Flower Shop Qnali^ Flowed
Main at 7tli
Phone 60$I0
QRINTING-,
_ ■iWOOIss tnBoawif.P
O I WsMsi hsiSBoss.
FlIOHB ^
-^6(1 CASXL'SmwnP
Tunis Classes 41 Gridiron Teams As Professionals Purdue University ranked with the semi-pros when John R. Tunis, famous writer, classed Ififi eoll<^(ea and universities, aceordfiig to standings, in an article in the ilovemlter issue of the American Bforcury. Tunis considered 41 institutions professional, and 26 semi-pro. The rest he gave a clean slate of indubitable amateurism. The three groupings made are as follows:
Group AAUeehenjr Bowdoin Bro-ffn Cetre Chieago C. C. N. Y. Colby Gett^burg Hancdlton Haverford Hobart Johns Hopkins Kenyon Knox Lehigh Maine
-the Amateurs Middlebniy Ol^rilK Occidental Pomona Rocheater Rntgers Sewanee Swaribmore Trinity Tofts Union Ursinus Virginia Wesleyan Wilham & Mary Williams
Group Amherst Army Boston U. California Cincinnati Cornell Dartmonth Harvard Illinois Iowa Kentucky Lafayette
B—^the Semi-Pros Maryland Michigan Navy N. Y. U. Notre Dame Pennsylvania Penn State Pnrdue Rollins Tennessee Texas Vanderbilt W. and J.
Group C—^the Professionals
Yale Alabama Boston College Bucknell Colgate Columbia Detroit Duke DuaUesne ^rdham Gmrgetown Georgia Kansas Louisiana State Marquette Michigan State Minnesota Missouri Nebraska North Carolina Carnegie
Northwestern Ohio State Oregon Pittsburgh Princeton Santa Clara St. Mary’s Southern Calif. Southern Metb. Stanford Syracuse Temple Texas Christian Tulane Villanova Worcester Washington Western Md. West Virginia Wisconsin Tech.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty: — F. Jos; Miilhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 l4ifayette. Ind.
WAA Hockey Tmi4ut I Matdi Ends in | In thecontiintt^km class hqelcey games tTmimSum-meA sophomore Whites tied with# smel of 1 to t bi yesterday’s gmne, scores were made by lfartlia,Wattt er for the seniors and humettf Bhudfer for the sophomores.
FRA’PERNITY TOUCBBALL ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦ ♦4►♦'f#—TODAY— ruM 8—Kappa Sigma va. Sfgma Phi t^psEoa. Official, Bterhiltoii. 4—Lambda CU AJpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mp. sifoo. Ottb&l, Tayt^. 6—^Delta Cbi va. StgnM Ntf. Otti^Ok Kerher ft—Drita Upefikm vs. Theta ’Tua Qlfi^, Beck.
SOFTBALL —TODAY (Start Pfumptly at 4:15) Diamond 15— Ward 11 vs. Ward 7-x. OffiehO, Coen. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Chi. Official. GilUs. 17— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta 'Hieta. Official, Battling.
BOSSUNG l%oe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic
Gas Heaters
33 Tears in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4459
1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Seobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St.. W. Lafayette
The thinhing fellow caDa A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI €AB BlacL Cuafoi^ Spcrial OccaMmie 28c per passenger any part ef tte tUg 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Tknlluig Realtsm In Hi^ec Recor^ingl FROM THE NEW WORLD’ SYMPHONY BY DVORAK Played hy Leopold Stolowsk ^ and the Philadelphia Orchestra
B uried in die tiny, cemoteoiwn of SpillvUlc, Iowa, secoie among his beloved Bohemian countrymen, a homesii^ European expatriate built the most understanding and tender musical work on American folk diemes that has ever been given the world. Dvorak’s symphony, "From the New World” was so gfiat* yet so elemeit* tally appealing to the human hcafi^ that ea<h passing year has enttenriied it ever mote deeply in die afkcdoiis of music lovers. Dr. Stokowski, |>cdiaps mote dtan any other, has bton^t to the sut&ce all the inherent riches of this great mash tribute to America. Under hislMto% it achieved its 'present eminence as one of the bes^foved of all dm gicm masterpieces. Naturally, a PhUaddlphia Ordiestm
tccordiiig of "Emm dm Nsw WoddT hasbemiooeofdiefflostpopQlarwedks in die VktoreoBemioa fotaomeyttm Bum wtdk dm addevemeat of m^bet fideW Vktothasicfiedtoiiiake » new leeotmdg. YmiwilkliedidlledaeA# . tremeiidoasdifitenc^dmtnwnninidk, ness, of this new, higher fiddiqi am ; coring. Hew it w yem dealwh— < imisk warm with dm hfo one fods I# dm actual presence of dm ordmuOL ; Recorded <m 9124ndtRedSedlHKio* Rccofds^lOsideACom|leeewidiafon«i ^ and eqihmuoif hookim, ilQ. • h w Ewhfog Nnw A*’ dhsiindi Bantli HBghcg PidcMty Vtewr RccoHBInat et ; *'llhai«edr m StaaT •; phm# hr dm Boetoa ! vnider dw diMcrion of Aidwit Maohik <2 i24iidise«oidS’-'9ai)ie«fotdm"Rhen» aod* in Blno'*»awi t si4efog"5rrihelap themuMi”) 19.
Vic
McLean
I
514 Matii St,
RCAVkewrDhmiim KCAMG|.Cb..hM^ Caa^k».|inihflnt RDS Music Co Tet7«T
At;r
/t Vrf. “> ! I f-'
r
fkwtt'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
‘Tuesday, Novembet 10,1936
Outing Pajamas, 2 piece, fancy patterns $1.00 - $1.19 - $1.50
Balbriggan Pajamas, 2 pi(»e, ski bottoms, pastel combinations $1.00 - $1.25
Rayon Knit Slips, brassiere tops, guaranteed against shrinking and saggring $1.00 - $1.59
Rayon Panties and Bloomers, tea rose 50c Vest and Brassieres to match 50c each
Pure Dye Satin and Crepe Panties, tailored and lace trimmed models $1.00
Snuggies, 20 and 25 per cent silk and wool, reg^ar and C-|- lengths 50c - 69c - 79c
Enciish 1—Make-Up examination in grammar November 12 at 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor, past or present for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
Athletic Managers—Ihe following teams will bowl November 10: Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Pi Phi and Theta Xi vs. Kappa Delta Rho at 6:40; Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi and Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta at 8:46. Please report on time. —PiORZHEIMER.
Bowlers—Alleys 1, 2, 8, and 4 will be reserved for the inter-fratemity bowling tournament after 6:46 p. m„ November 10. Alley 6 will be open to the public. —PFORZHEIMER.
All Union Workers—Report to the Union office November 10, as soon as possible after noon Important. —MYTINGER.
Delta Rho Kappa—All actives and pledges meet in the faculty lounge in the Memorial Union November lo, at 9 p. m., for Debris pictures. There will be no retakes. —FITCH.
Pnrdne Engineer—Staff meeting (freshman members included) in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union November 10, at 8:10 p. m. for Debris pictures. Important meeting following pictures —JONES.
Wesley Foundation—Father Pursley will speak on Catholicism at the meeting November 10, at 4:06 p. m., in the Foundation House. ' —McEACHRON.
W. A. A. Hockey—Juniors vs. sophomore Browns at 4 o’clock, November 10. —THOMPSON.
Art Club—Work room how open for use in the new Union workroom under the ballroom. —McLEOD.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in the Workroom Noember lo, at 4 p m. —RIETH, FITTS, REID, SHEETS.
Union Thanksgiving Show—^Pony chorus report to the tower room at 4 p. m. on November 10. —FLORER
Cosmopolitan Club—All committees meet in room F of the Union at 4:16 p. m November 10. —FUTOOHEE.
Puie Dye Satin Slips, guaranteed seams, tailored models $1.98
P. O. M. M.—^All members desiring keys must pay $1 26 in advance to McCandless at 830 North Grant —LOVE.
Outing Gowns, floral and plain colors, princess styles $1.00 - $1.50
Catalyst Pledges—Please bring 20 cents in change to the Kappa Sigma house November 10, at 7 p m. —STROM
P. O. M. M. Firing Squad—Report to Armory at 4 p m , November 10 —LOVE.
Cosmopolitan Club—^The Debris picture is to be taken November 11, at 7:16 p m Members are to be there at 7:16. —FUTOOHEE
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. EbershofF, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Advanced Ballroom Dancing Class opens Friday, Nov. 13, at Allen’s.
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 {this is a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.50. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Roommate Wanted—Single bed, 350 Sylvia. Phone 46081.
Wanted—Room mate for freshman boy 21 years old. Phone 46633.
For Rent—Double room in private home. Phone 75644.
Bought—From the Telford estate here in town last week: beautiful china, old glass, brass, copper, pewter, silver, etc., things that will make lovely Christmas gifts. See them at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Lost—^Yellow gold brooch pin, oval with diamond setting. A valuable keep-sake. Reward. Phone 6083.
GEM Safety Razors 25c
Extra Blades for
All Razors
John Sperb
8^2-824 Main Street
Body and Fender Straishtening
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.
Auto Body Shop
421-423 North Third Dial 2998
A. S. M. E.—^Members can get membership cards in G A. Young’s office. Pins are not yet available Get October and November copies of the Mechanical Engineering Journal at the desk in the computing room November 10 or 11 from 1 to 3 p m , or November 12 at meeting —WELDY.
Debris Salesmen—^All Debris salesmen report to the Debris office at 4 p m November 10 Be sure to be present —VAN NATTA.
Independent Campaigners—All membership books must be turned in by 6 o’clock November 11 —PARKHURST.
Playshop Publicity—All those who wish to work on the publicity staff, report to the Playshop office November 11, at 4 o’clock —KALLIS
Fencing—There will be a meeting of all members of the varsity fencing team and those who have had previous fencing experience in the gym on the fourth floor of the Recitation Building, November 10 and 11 at 4 o’clock There will be a freshman call at a latei date —LATTER
Health Exam—The following girls please report at the girls’ gym at 4 p m November 10 for makeup or completion of health exam Mary Granger, Marion Krimmel, Esther Krabbe, Kathryn Neville, Vivian Phillips, and Margaret Maxwell —RUSSELL
Catalyst Club—Formal pledging will be held November 10, at 7 p m , in the Kappa Sigma House —STROM.
Union Thanksgving Show—Dancing chorus report to room C, November 10 at 4 p m —BOLLER
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up In Women’s Gym if you are going to W. A. A. cabin November 14, from 2 to 6 o’clock. —HALSTEAD.
Gimlet Pledges—Meeting November 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union Building. Important. Stunt for Indipna game and initiation equipment will be dlsoussed. —SMITH.
Independent Staff—Important meeting on November 10, in the P. I. A office at 7:30 p m The Debris picture will be taken. All members are urged to attend —SENNSTROM.
SpeedbslI—Goal Getters will play off tie with Speedettes this afternoon at 4 p. m —ELLIS
Playshop—All girls who signed up for the Art committee report to Union subbasement November 10 at 4 o’clock —CROMER
English 51 Students—All stage and art groups report to Union sub-basement November 10 at 4 o’clock — CROMER.
Virginia C. Meredith Club—Meeting November 13, at 4 p m , in the Home Economics Building —MURPHY
Dairy Club—^No meeting this week —SCHLOSSER
Alpha Phi Omega—^Very important meeting November 11 at 7 30 p m in the reception room of the Union Building Debris picture will be made —KUECK.
Girl Scout Training Corps—Meeting on November 10 at 4 p m in Women’s Gymnasiuip with Miss Palmer —HAZELTON
Instrumentalists—Meeting to organize a University orchestra at 7 p. m Novembei 10, in the music room on the fourth floor of University Hall —STEWART
Ceres—^Members and pledges meet in room D of the Union Building November 10 at 7 15 p m Pledges be prepared for test —WARREN
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
Read The Exponent for College News
\
Few thmgs grQW requlm ttff the cctre oitd (n/ftivothn if fakes to rake tho rfpe tobaccos
.i
roMwco.
t M M** M f •'■VtVdd UIH M161 <