■,'^^J>“'‘ Ktl)> - 'tf.
< "
I Reporters Interview Convo Perionailities Richard Crooks ... American Metropolitan Opera tenor, sang his first recital (jf the fall season Saturday night in the Music Hall to a crowd of 3,600 persons. Following the concert he left immediately to continue his tour of the West, but expects to return to the east coast by next Thursday when he will sing in Halifax. When asked what he enjoyed singing most, Crooks immediately replied that he liked singing opera very much but preferred concert tours more than anything elsel On these tours the music is always chosen for the particular audience for whom he is to sing, and college audiences are particularly gratifying to sing for, as they are always appreciative. Appeared Here In 1935 In 1935 when Crooks was last here, he sang in the Memorial Gym, now the women’s gym. He very energetically commented on the Music Hall, saying, “It is simply marvelous, and the first time in a long while that I have felt so small in a concert hall.” Radio has probably helped Crooks gain nation-wide fame more than any other type of presentation. He likes radio when it is possible to have an audience but finds that inspiration is usually lacking when there is no one to see his radio concerts. Crooks believes that music has a great psychological part in the war. “Recently there has been a decided turn back to religious music. Another proof of its stimulus is in the band music with which soldiers march off to war.” William Primrose . . . who was featured with Crooks, said that the viola formerly was one of the most popular instruments of the day, but wil^h the Stratavarian violin its popularity was diminished almost completely. However, due to the efforts of men such as Primrose, the instrument is again becoming a favorite. The low, soothing tones that were produced on Primrose’s viola were partly attributed to the fact that the instrument was over 350 years old. According to Primrose, all of the audiences before which he appears give him a new added thrill. Began Training In Glasgow After studying for several years in his home town of Glasgow under the direction of a pupil of York, Primrose attended the Guild Hall School of Music in London on a scholarship. His most important studying was done in Brussels and other parts of Belgium, and his teacher was the renowned Ysaye. In 1930 he joined the London String Quartet, and he traveled with them ip Europe, South America and the United States until 1935. After that he appeared in concert tours until 1937, at which time he joined the NBC orchestra which was under the direction of Toscanini. He continued as the first violist in the same orchestra for four years, and then he again started his concert tours. Campus Pleases Primrose ^ During'his short visit here. Primrose^ visited various buildings on the campus, and he was particularly impressed with the Music Hall, which he declares is insurpassable in beauty and acoustic qualities. Rudy Vallee . . . and his company of 40 men ^ played for approximately 11,000 The Lucky 11th Coast Guard townspeople and students Sunday band received a certificate for faduring the two performances for cilitating the purchase of 2,147,000 his show. dollars in bonds in Tippecanoe Co. so Lt. Vallee appeared to the audi- that the purchasers might be adence as a Coast Guard officer who mitted to the convocation. A WAVE loves every minute of his work. The style show was also held during the appearance of the men in their program, and young women were whites was particularly spectacular urged to aid their country by enfrom the auditorium, ami the Coast listing in the Navy Auxiliary. The Guard insignias on the stands pro- uniforms shown were the summer vided the correct amount of mili- formal, winter formal, summer tary air. work dress, clothing for rain, fatiLt. V^allee attended the Univer- slacks, and pharmacy smocks, sity of Maine for one year, and he As an added attraction the band belonged to the Sigma Alpha Ep- presented the Coast Guard Cutters, silon social fraternity there. He who were tumblers with excellent played the “Stein Song” in memory ability in their field. They held the of his college days. After attending audience with their feats. Maine, Vallee attended Yale Uni- ja order to come to Indiana for versity for four years, and he states fbe present series of concerts, the thpt he was very fond of college band flew to Indianapolis in two fife, and he still believes that young planes, with the third plane bringmen and women should take advan- j,jg the baggage and instruments, tage of college life. He also says After a week’s tour in Ohio, most that no person should go into any of the da^ys being filled with two perfleld in which he has no talent, I^nt formances in nearby towns, the into one of which he is fond. band will fly back to their base in Vallee has never' studied music Long Beach, California, academically, although he has been Lt. Vallee said that he was very playing the saxaphone and clarinet pleased with the co-operation and for 21 years. He took music as a participation of the audiences both profession because of love and nat- afternoon and night, and he said ural talent for it rather than college that the students were uproariously courses in the subject. He jlroved co-operative. He stated that the himself to be a commedian and im- Music Hall and the Union have no personator with his sketch of Fred peers in the Universities he has Allen’s radio perfoi-mances. visited.
Established 1889
Still Going Strong
Volume 56, No. 54
Purdue University^ West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, September 14, 1943
Cass Appointed E. C. Elliott Announces Total Playshop Director Cn,.^|lmpiit Fnr ^pmi-Tprm Newest face amoner the University faculty will be that of Li III 11111 11 L I L# I Hii 111 I ■ Ibi I III
Newest face among the University faculty will be that of Carl Cass, new director of Playshop, the campus dramatic
group.
Cass comes here from the University of Wisconsin where he has completed four years as director of the dramatic or-
ganization at that school.
The new director replaces Ross D. Smith, former director of Playshop, who is leaving for
Fort Schuyler, New York, where he will become an ensign in the navy, thus following the footsteps of another former Playshop director. Dr. H. K.
Carmichael, who left -several months ago to assume the same rank in the navy. Graduate Of Minnesota The new director received his Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Minnesota and his Master’s at the University of Wisconsin. He is now waiting to receive his doctor’s degree from the University ofsPittsburg. According to Playshop stage manager, Mary Lou Sternberg, Cass is an expert in the fields of make up and direction and t^e development of Playshop under his regime will probably be in this direction. The tryouts for the next production, “Hay Fever” by Noel Coward, will be held Wednesday evening at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Session tickets for the show"which will be given October 13, 14, and 15 for the general public and October 16 for the seiwice men, will go on sale September 20. No season tickets will be placed on sale until the beginning of the November semester. The play “Hay Fever” is about an ultramodern Bohemian family, including a house full of guests, romance, an accident, a beautiful and ill-mannered girl, bitter realization and more romance. This will be portrayed by an all student cast. Roberts Wins Billiard Exhibition; Coeds' Tournament Opens Annual exhibition game of billiards which was played last week in the Union was won by Hal Roberts, student of the University, who made a score of 150 points defeating Coach Whitney with 189 points, whose handicap was 250 points. Thirty-eight played on pocket billiards has just been completed. First place was won by George Little and second, by Hal Roberts. The above tournament was started last May with 41 entries. Coed Pocket Billiard tournament is open for entries now at the billiard room. No entry fee is required. Miss M. Jeanne Noonan, transfer from South Dakota State College and high scorer on the Dakota billiard team in 1943, will be playing on the team. Other tournaments will follow this fall and winter.
ERC Changes Plans Refering To Electronics Revised War Department policies in connection with enlisted reservists assigned to the Electronics Training Group have been announced by the Chief Signal Officer,
Washington, D. C.
It was estimated by Q. D. Ewing, head of the EE School, that there are twenty to twenty-five men registered at the University who will be affected by these new plans. Scholarship Determines Course Enlisted reservists in the Electronics Training Group are allowed to continue in school until graduation if they meet the minimum scholastic requirements. Under the new policy, the procedure after graduation will be as follows: 1. ' Each reservist will be ordered to extended active duty approximately two weeks after graduation, reporting to the reception center nearest his honie for processing. 2. Upon completion, he will be sent to the Central Signal Corps Replacement Training Center, Canvp Crowder, Mo., for his training as outlined by the Mobilization Training Program, pursuing a prescribed course of not,, less than three
month’s duration, j
3. When this period of training has been completed, he will be sent to the Signal Corps Officer Candidate School, Port Monmouth, N. J. 4. Upon graduation from that four months’ school, he will be appointed in the grade of Second Lieutenant and assigned tp duty with the Signal Corps, Electronics Training
Group.
Notice of the inauguration of the above policy was sent to Frank C. Hockema, Armed Services Representative at the University by Duncan Hodges, Lt. Colonel, Signal Corps, Chief of Military Personnel
Branch.
Beta Sigma Psi . . . announces the election of officers and pledges: president, Robert G. Sauerman; 1st vice-president, Harold E. Saewart; 2nd vice-presi-dent, William R. Lindroth; commissary, Albert E. Heierman; Rush chairman, Paul A. Lottes; social chairman, William R. Lindroth; and athletic manager, Harold E. Saewart. Pledges are Frederick Goldbeck, Oak Park, Illinois; Harvey G. Minas, Crown Point; John R. Layman, Logansport; and Robert C. Peterson, Port Waype.
Prof. Wiley Will Speak At 7:30 This Evening To Members Of ASCE Prof. R. B.,^ Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering Department, will speak at a meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight at 7:80 in room 201 of the Civil Building. The subject of the address will be “The Advantages and Privileges of Belonging to^the ASCE”. Following Wiley’s speech, election of officers for the coming year ' will be held, Student activities of the ASCE consist of bringing Civil students in closer contact with their instructors. Social events include monthly meetings and the annual picnic and banquet. All Civil students and freshmen are invited to attend tonight’s meeting.
Camera Club To Hold Meeting Today At 4 Today at 4 p. m. in Room 212 of the Union the Camera Club will hold its second meeting of the semester to discuss plans for the year. At the first meeting, held last Tuesday, a temporary chairman was appointedvto be in charge of the meeting, and a committee was plated in charge of cleaning up the dark rooms. Plans for a uhotography contest wei'e mentioned. Memberships for the club, which is open to any photography-minded students whether they possess a camera or not, are now being sold. Sponsored by the Union, the club offers the use of its dark rooms, opportunity to attend the meetings, and the advice of other members.
Engineer Will Hold On Calloul Thursdoy All Curtiss-Wright, RCA and Wright Field cadettes, service men and civilian students in engineering who are interested in magazine publication are urged to Attend the Purdue Engineer callout Thursday in room 380 of the Union Building at 4 p. m. The Engineer is a member of Engineering College Magazines Associated, an organization of 25 technical publications. The Purdue Engineer is one of two journal^ m this association now being published on a monthly basis. Last year the national ECMA convention was held at the Univeijisity. Offers Many Opportunities The Purdue Engineer is a magazine devoted to the publication of technical and scientific articles written so that they will be interesting and compresensible to students. The subscription price is $1.60 for a year’s subscription and the magazine is sent anywhere free of charge. By working on the Purdue Engineer the student has an opportunity to become better acquainted with the University
staff.
For those interested in taking part in the publication of the Engineer, experience is offered in journalism, business and advertising as well as engineering. Others interested in photography are also needed on the staff.
Dr.W.W.Worzella Resigns To Teach In South Dakota Prof. H. J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture of the University, announced yesterday the resignation of Dr. Wallace W. Worzella of the Agricultural Experiment Station agronomy staff. Worzella has accepted a position as head of the agronomy department of the University of South Dakota, at Brookings, S. D., effective October 1. After having graduated from the University of Wisconsin, Worzella came to the University as a graduate assistant on a fellowship in 1929, and assisted Dr. G. H. Cutler in winter wheat breeding until 1934, during which time he was granted M.S. and Ph.D. degrees. ^ Assisted In Test He assisted in the development of a fermentation time test and a granulation test of wheat, two entirely new techniques for' appraising desirable milling and baking qualities of the cereal. Also, he pioneered in developing a suitable technique for appraising winter hardiness in winter wheat. More recently, Worzella has been conducting research on vitamin B1 content of wheat. Worzella has been active in the American Genetic Association, the American Association of Cereal Chemists, and the American Society of Agronomy. He has written and published 24 scientific papers. Civil Service Seeks Hundred Draftsmen For Government Jobs Federal agencies are seeking a hundred draftsmen who will be einployees of the U. S. Civil Service Commission, with entrance salaries ranging from $1,752 to $3,163 a year, including pay for the eight hours of overtime incorporated in the 48-hour Federal workweek. Draftsmen of all types are needed, particularly ship, electrical, and mechanical draftsmen, as well as topogq-aphic draftsmen. Agencies needing these types of personnel in the greatest numbers are the several bureaus of the Navy Department, the Coast and Geodetic Survey of the Department of Commerce, arjd the Geological Survey of the Department of the Intel ior. Inexperienced May Be Trained Qualified engineering draftsmen in any field are urged to apply. However, persons without previous experience in the fields where needs exist may be appointed and trained in the subject. Women are especially desired, while applicants havingtraining or expel ience primarily in commercial art, interior decorating, etc., which includes any drafting training or experience will be considered. Persons enrolled in drafting courses aie iiigedto apply, since they may be appointed prior and subject to the completion of these
courses.
Interested persons may secure Announcement 283 and application forms from first- and second-class post offices; from Civil Service regional offices in regional headquarters cities; or from the U. S. Civil Service- Commission. Applications should be sent to the U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington
25, D. C.
AWS To Hold Collegienne Chat Tomorrow At 4:15 AWS is to present Dean Coolidge for the second Collegienne Chat which will be held tomorrow at 4:15 p. m. in the Home Economics Auditorium. Dean Coolidge will talk on time budgeting, study methods, and adjustments which must be made under the shortened semester plan.
McPheeters Receives Star For Gallantry
Service Men Total 3,300; 263 Cadettes; 1,4&9 Civilan Men, 794 Women Register Total enrollment in the University for the current fall semiterm which began September 2 is approximately 5,848, including 2,283 civilian students who registered August 31 and September 1. The total enrollment figure includes approximately 3,300 men in the armed services in training at the University and 263 girls in the special engineering cadette courses, - President E. C. Elliott stated
in announcing the most recent
figures available.
The regular civilian student body includes 1,489 men and 794 women, besides the engineering cadettes. There are now 2060 undergraduates and 223
giaduate students.
Lieutenant Colonel John W. Me- Those in the armed services inPheeters, of the 1st armored divis- elude the navy V-12 piogram; the ion of the U. S. Army, a University Army Specialized Training Prograduate from Indianapolis, has, ac=, gram, the naval electricians’ school, cording to a release issued by his and the Navy Flight Instructors’ division and approved by the War School at the Airport. Department, been conducting A breakdown of the figures shows “an artillery circus throughout the the undergraduate enrollment by Tunisian campaign, with the mild- schools: 1121 in general engineermannered Hoosier in the role of ing; 226 in mechanical engineering; ringmaster and the Germans re- 18 in aeronautical engineering; 111 spending actively at every crack of in chemical engineering; 18 in metthe whip.”' Col. McPheeters has allurgical engineering; 41 in civil been awarded the Silver Star and engineering; 136 in electrical engitwo citations for his exploits. neering; 9 in public service engiOne of McPheeters’ exploits was neering; 66 in agriculture; 46 in accomplished in denying the Ger- pharmacy; 395 in science, and 413 mans the use of an important road, in home economics, which he did by dragging his artil-y/-TTiern?iSs473 first term freshlery up a difficult mountain-si^men; 341 secoWPirerm freshmen; which the Germans believed p/o- 279 third term sophomores; 265 tected their road. \ fourth term sophomores; 134 fifth Another adventure was the cap- term juniors and 128 sixth term ture of a number of Italians in a juniors; 113 seventh term seniors, pocket of the mountains by-passed_ and 186 eighth term seniors, along by American trbops in their march with 42 special students, into central Tunisia. The net result The present term of eight weeks’ of that venture, brought about with will be followed by start of the Nothe aid of a company of infantry, vember term with classes beginning was the capture of large caliber Nov. 8. The next term which will guns, fifty motor driven tricycles, put the University back on the 16 and 632 Italian prisoners, besides weeks’ schedule is expected to atthe recapture of two Americans tract a considerably large number who had been taken prisoners. of students, especially women.
Fowl News . .
Poultry School Of Air Starts October Fourth
By Dale Kelly University Extension Poultry Specialists are devoting a great deal of time to preparations for the second “University Poultry School of the Air,” which will start Oct. 4, sponsored by the Publicity and Poultry Departments of the University Agricultural Extension Service. Ten thousand students are expected to enroll in the course. This novel method of making contact with large numbers of poultrymen throughout Indiana and neighboring states was devised to aid in meeting increased production goals with a minimum of gasoline and tire usage. Four thousand students actually enrolled in the first school, on “Raising Victory Chicks”, conducted last spring, while thousands more listened to part, or all, of the lessons over one of the ten radio stations broadcasting the program by transcription. A conservative estimate by managers of the radio stations placed the number of regular listeners at 200,000. Leaflets Aid Broadcasts Advance publicity to secure enrollments is carried out through the University Publicity Department, County Extension Offices, announcements over co-operating radio stations, and personal contacts at county meetings. Information is dispersed through three media—namely, broadcasts, lesson plans, and bulletins. A schedule of broadcasts from all stations; franked cards for requesting bulletins or asking questions; and bulletins, leaflets, and “Poultry Pointei's” pertaining to matters covered in the course are mailed to each student immediately upon receipt of his enrollment card. Lesson plans, also, are mailed shortly before the lesson is broadcast. Cartoons Used As Teachers Important points in the lesson
plans are emphasized and made more interesting^ to the readers by the use of humorous, but meaningful, cartoons and illustrations. The plans also contain review questions. Each fifteen-minute broadcast is a supplement to material presented in bulletins and lesson plans. Broadcasts ai’e informal disfcussions by extension specialists. Key questions left unanswered in the lesson plans are covered by the specialists. Inform And Guide Students According to “Tiny” Wilhelm, one of the “Professors”, the two main objectives of the school are, (1) to inform the listeners of some of the basic principles of good poultry practices, and, (2) to guide them to literature which is more complete than that presented in the brief course. Material to be covered in this second school—“Care and Management of Layers”—is timely and very important, as most poultrymen are concentrating their efforts on layers during the fall months. Certificates Awarded The last of the ten lessons is in the form of a final examination. Students who complete the course successfully and pass the examination receive certificates signed hy those in ehaige of the school, and “suitable for framing.” A study of the cost of conducting the first Poultry School of the Air proves it to be a very economical method of instructing. The cost was 1.7 cents per contact, that is per enrolled listener to each broadcast, as compared with 6.9 cents per contact through county meetings conducted dui ing the same period of time. Another advantage was that many who could not attend courvty meetings were able to benefit from the school.e ^
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday^ September 14, 1943
w~.
.V.
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independenf-
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Manasrer.. News Editor.... Mnnagrinfr Editor.... Sports Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Dills ..William H. TySon Carolyn Wilbur ..'. Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Eipes
Publication Staff Editorial Statf Associate Editors: .Tacl< Abbott, Ruth Ford, Katy Howca, Madelyn Grotnes, Peg StefTes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Money. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauorman.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Richardson Day Editor: Abliett City Editor: Steffes - Lssue Editor; Gregory . Reporters: HelfTrich. Baynes, Yargar, Heimann. Hahn, Thomas. Wright, Simons, W. Garber, P. Garber, P. Richardson, Georgeson, Tc-usberg.
Ehitered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, .1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for .$1.25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.G0 for a semester,. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National. Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 42U Madison Ave.j New York, N. Y.
Three Hours Wasted... Three hours wholly wasted. A waste of time is a waste of lives. Yet, around 3,500 people Sunday evening and a much larger crowd that afternoon sat through a thoroughly disgusting convocation—a convocation brought to this city for a very worthy cause. Throughout the convo bursts of laughter and applause could be heard; however, a good many were not laughing with Vallee, but at him. Some of the laughter was in the form of nervous, embarrassed titters. And too often we are afraid, loud boisterous laughter, displaying very poor taste on the part of we egotistical'intellectuals. It is a crime that the name Rudy Vallee is allowed to be used as a headliner for such war bond rallies. ' One of the few decent act.s of the show, and by far the best received, was the very remarkable tumbling trio w^hich proves t|ie point that “give an audience a good wholesome entertain-, ment and it will be wholeheartedly and sincerely received”. After all, isn't an artist really a person who can put on a well-received program without lowering himself or his audience ? It isn’t the smutty .jokes (a very crude expression but expressive of the program) and the deafening music that shall be remembered, if any part of it is remembered; instead, memories of the tumbling act and perhaps the numbers conducted by Jimmy Greer, will remain. Is it nece.ssary to present Sundays’ type of program to raise service men morale? Furthermore, does i I really I'aise morale? During periods of war it is hard enough to better moral standards, let alone presenting such crude suggestive entertainment. Surely there is such a thing left in America after 21 months of war as good clean humor. - To us it seems a pity that the Coast Guard and the SPARS, both defenders of our country’s honor, would go out of their way to gain unsavory reputation that will be placed in the minds of many as a result of Sunday’s program. We ai'e surprised, too, that Vallee and his Lucky ’Leventh hand, both of nation-wide fame, would wander from the path of the good entertainment they had been noted for in the past. Those of us who are iil agreement with this -editorial, are not prigs. We’ve all listened to dirty jokes and told them, too, although it is doubtful if we can lay our fingers on any good derived thereof. It is about time that the Chamber of Commerce of Lafayette in cooperation with Purdue University takes more careful stock of the entertainment it brings to its population comprised mainly of the leaders of tomorrow. We wonder if there were not a great many citizens of Lafayette and West Lafayette, purchasers of hundred dollar war bonds, who were not just a little sori'y afterwards that they had supported this noble cause. Of course, the American people .should be willing to give without demanding something in return; but if a reward is to be given, why not make it worthy of the cause. ‘ Then, too, we wonder what the peoples of other nations might think if they had witnessed Sunday’s convo. Perhaps one of the many questions that might have arisen in their minds is, “Is this a sample of the American way of life for which all Americans seem so willing to support and to die for if necessary ?” War bonds drives are essential in many ways to our winning the war. We are proud of everyone who has and is contributing to this third greatest war bond drive, making it the
• y DREW. PEA
Letters Protest Congressmen's Raise Suggested By Pearson; Lack Of Confidence Is Hazard Washington—Several weeks ago this observer had the temerity to suggest that we revise the low salary of the poor Congressman. With living costs up, wages pyramiding, with Congressmen facing the problem of maintaining two homes, carting their children all around the country, and spending almost as much on campaign expenses as their annual salary, I suggested that an increase in Congressional pay was long overdue and would help to provide better, more
efficient Congressmen.
Seldom has the resultant storni of mail been so heavy, so scathing and so abusice. The public, if that cross-section of mail is any criterion, does not lijke Congress. At $10,000 a year, it considers a Congressman overpaid, overstiiffed and underdone. Having lived close to Congressmen, ahd having considered them reasonably conscientious, definitely hard working, aiid generally patriotic, I was surprised at this deluge of wrath from the people who elect them. I was also alarmed. You cannot make a democratic system of checks and balances work efficiently if confidence in either the legislature or the executive is undermined. In Germany it was not until the petty blundering of the Reichstag had destroyed public confidence that Hitler came into power. In France, it i , , , \ .x , tt , i -jjj. was not until both the Chamber of Deputies and the “I wouldn Utrust daughter s neVyoung man! He has a shifty various French cabinets had sapped govei’nment pres- look in his eyes, like maybo he was trying tp locate our icebox.
tige that France fell.
The U. S. A. in my opinion is a long way off from anything like this. Nevei’theless, it miglit he a good idea for the gentlemen who come back to the halls of Congress this week to do a little inventory-taking as to what decreases their most important stock-in-
trade—public confidence. What's Wrong
Hei’e are a couple of traits which they might think
over:
Vallely
Shortage In
ins Meat Cafeteria
By Barbara Jean Gregory
Several students on campus who eat at the Union or at various res-
1. The egocentric, cocksure idea that a Congress- t^urants in the Village have been man is above sin, plus the haste of his colleagues to complaining about the amount and gather around and protect him if someone on the kinds of meat and varieties of vege-, outside raises the whisper of suspicion. tables, and the amount of fruits be2. Being very vulnerable themselves, the alacrity i,ig served at these establishments, with which most Congressmen rush in to cast the first ^n effort to try to make the stone at somebody else. students understand why it has In other words, before it can heave bricks at an ex- keen impossible to have all the ballet dancer recommended by Civil Service for a gov- kinds of meat served before the ernment job, Congress is going to have to clean out pj.ggg,^t emergency, 'kr. Vallely,
its own Augean stables.
manager of the Union, has ex-
Probably nothing has decreased public esteem of plained the point system as it apCongress more than the current travesty by which one pUgg to an institution. For the peof their own members has turned the investigational j.jgj) through March 29 to April 30, force of the powerful House of Representatives the kitchens of the Union were givagainst the government agency which had the temerity gn an allotment of 97,906 red points, to do its duty and recommend him to the Justice De- por the months of June and July partment for criminal prosecution. there were 167,166 meat points alThe case is complicated and the public at first was lowed. During Septeniber and OctosloW to catcli on, But tlie case has snow-hailed. A.nci her the Union may only use 131,727 now most of the American pec^e lully understand points. All these allowances are the significance of the mannepff which Congressman based on the month of December,
Eugene Cox of Georgia, a craiy of Speaker Sam Rayburn, was able to take a check for alleged illegal lobbying with the Federal Communications Commission, and then not only escape prosecution, hut get his his colleagues to vote $60,000 of the taxpayer
money tp “investigate” the
him.
1942.
Points Borrowed
Before this month actually started 42,894 points had been bor-
agency which ^eTused ft^om the previous rations, so
that the Union is selling more meat
than is actually allqted for the specific period of time. At the end of
Taxpayers' Money
Not only did he get $60,000 of the taxpayers’ inop^ey June, just two months ago, there (in addition to the salaries of six Cox relatives on the wei’e only 20,191 points borrowed, public payroll) hut he also got himself appointed so that in that short span of time, chairman of the committee to “pei'secute” the FCC. the indebtedness has been doubled. As such, he and his colleagues have set a new high- If all of these two months’ allotwater mark for unfair and unAmerican investigation- ment should be used before Oct. 1,5, al practices. Here is the latest. no meat may be serveStJn the UnAll summer Cox’ committee has been holding hear- ion, as no points can be. borrowed ings at which its side of the story has beten presented, until that time. The balance remainFurthermore, Comjnittee Counsel Eugene Carey has ing at the beginning of the period, now gone to the extent of striking from the record/therefoie, was only 88,833 red various reports or questions asked by hiitCwhich put points, the FCC in a favorable light. Sunday A Meatless,Day Three years ago, when testifying before the Attor- Some times it is impossible to ney General’s Committee on Administrative Proced- get from the market the type of ure, Carey complained bitterly that SEC officials told meat desired, but, if beef can not be “the stenographer what to put in the record:4ind what purchased, pork is available, so that not to put in the record” at public hearings. There- there, is always meat. In order to fore, he said, the record was never complete. make the allotted amount of points But recently the shoe has been on the other foot, stietch as far as possible, it has For Instance Carey accused the FCC of “doctoring” been necessary to make one day a a memo on Fascist activities which had been submitted meatless day, and Sunday was to the Office of Censorship. FCC Counsel Nathan chosen, since the students do not David denied the cfiarge and gave an explanation have as much work to do then as which made Carey look absurd. the other days of the week. “I ask that Mr. David’s words be physically stricken Many . types 'of fresh vegetables from the record,” said Carey, looking as if he wished are not available, and the assorthe had never brought the matter up. Chairman Cox ment can not be as varied as it used ihimediately agreed. to be, but there are always plenty
One-Sided! Record
So now the official transcript does not show the remai'ks ol Carey, Cox or David., merely the notatioji: “At this point a statement was made by Mr. Nathan David which was ordered physically striken from the
record.”
The official record is full of deletions of this kind— whenever anything is said favorable to the FCC. All summer the Cox Committee ha.s been telling the FCC that it would get its turn for rebuttal—later. But after one recent session, the Committee dropped word to the press that its report would be made to Congress in September—without giving the FCC its chance to reply. Then on the strength of this onc-.si<led report. Chairman Cox intends to ask his colleagues to vote more of the taxpayers’ money to continue the hearing. At present he has .spent most of the original
$60,000.
The hoy.s on Capitol Hill may not. realize it, but this is the type of unfair unAmericanism which gets them in wrong with the American people. The boys don’t seem to know that they face a much more alert and intelligent electoi'ate than a few years ago. And upon whether or not they gang up to vote their pokerplaying croney Congressman Cox of Georgia another $60,000 will heljj to mea.sure their all too scanty prestige with the folks hack home. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate,, Inc.) succeHs that it is proving to be. Let us all keep on giving to this very worthy cause, but do away with the unessentials.k-c.j.w.
of fresh vegetables on the market, and they still can be vvorked into in-
teresting and healthy menu. Service Men Not Included
Service men who eat at the Union are not included in the allotment for the Union. Instead their meat comes out of government “restricted” or “set aside” foods, and they are in return rationed to the service men; however, the allotment is larger than .civilian rations. Labor is a lai'ge problem in the serving of the food. If there were no shortage, the service would be quicker, hut there would be no more food, unless the labor were applied to the farms themselves instead of
to the kitchens.
The restaurants in the village have not been having a difficult job in getting the food that they require, but all of them have been rather perplexed because the number actually eating at the various cafeterias has decreased, and a decrease in number also brings about the automatic decrease in the amount of meat granted. , ’ With the co-operation of the students, there will be enough meat and other types of food for everyone. If it is impossible to get the particular food yotf want, just remember that when the war is. won, all kinds of food will again be avail-
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Q ne Q Sandwiches Open 6 a. m. till 12 p. m. Oscar Says—Try Rocky's Flap Jacks 20c
By Jack
Recent word has not been received concerning the 25'0,^d Italian divisions stationed in the Balkans; but it is reasdn^fele to assume that they are faced with one of the most diflficdft problems ever encountered'by a defeated armed fotce, ;/I*he Germans have said that these hapless divisions will not be allowed to fight for-the Allies. The Allies have stated that the Italian divisions. cannot fight ; '' ■ ' with the Germans ; and the ot Allied attention since the Roesetrapped Italians have stated velt-Churchiii conference in Canada, it. A Al J A A A> 1 A Jap concentrations are being that they don t want to fight increasing scale, anybody; they just want to get and it is known that an increasing home, which might bring Up number of Allied troops have been the question of what will they do finding their destination’in Iridia. when they do g^t back to Italy. The The British. haVe also reported lih^t only pai’ty not heard from in this the United States Ndvy can expect international puzzle is the Serbian a large relief force from the British partisans, who have an equal dis- Mediterranean fleet in the very near like for the, Germans and Italians future. and would just as soon kill one as ^ '' . ■.
the other. What will eventually happen to these men is only a guess, but is seems that the final decision is at present in the hands of the Cermansji who are certainly not going to allow these potential enemies to return to their home country and take, up arms against the Nazis.
—X-X—
News' stories that are appearing in American newspapers at the present. time have a slightly unbalanced view of the actual progress of the present fighting in Italy. Banner heads scream at the reading public that the Americans and English are sweeping ahead with practically no opposition, but when looking at a map after about a week of unopposed fight the “dumb” reader finds that whereas he thought the Allies ■ were at least to the Po River, they are still in the toe and heel of the Italian boot. This misleading type of story writing is all right for a laugh, but after a while the jofle gets a little old. American newspapers and their reporters should realize that coloring of news is essentially bad, and that the American people wodld a lot rather get the straight facts about a ten mile advance to a glowing journalistic treatment of the taking of a small town after a short advance which somehow sprang forward in a daring 60 mile charge.
_X-X—
The latest Washington whispers have it that the final plans have been made for a Roosevelt-Churchill-Stalin conference, which, if true, puts a very peculiar light on recent Washington gossip that Roosevelt was going to have nothing to do with Joe and his Communists. ... Thomas Dewey really put a cramp in the old standpat Republicans’ plans for a Republican platform in the next national election. Dewey went almost as far as Willkie in proposing a postwar plan for the GOP. If more of the old line Republicans* can be swung over to the plan of international cooperation as proposed by Willkie and Dewey, the GOP might begin to become modern and to streamline to the increasing American tendency for world cooperation. . . Burma and the surrounding Japanese held states have been getting an increasing amount
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Shell Development Company, Emeryville,. California — Wednesday, September 22. Interested in Chmeists, Ch.E., M.E., C.E., E.E;,^ Physicists. ■ - Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.^Tuesday, September 21. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., E.E., PS.E., Physicists. National Union Radio Corporation, Newark, N. J.—September 29« Interested in E.E., Physicists.' General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y.—Date to be announced. Interested in M.E*, E.E. Goodyear Tire & Rubber' Company, Akron, Ohio—Interested iti M.E., C.E., PSE, Ch.E., AeroE. Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas—Interested in A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: Universal Gear Corporation, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested inM-E. Sign in Personnel Office by September 15. Bakelite Corporation, New York, N._ Y.;—Interested in M.E., Ch. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, September 15. 5): Standard Railway Equipldent Manufactoring Company, Hammond, Ind.—Interested in M.K.’VSign in Personnel Office by September 16. National Lead Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. —^Interested in Ch.E. Sign by.'September 18. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E., Met.E. Sign by Saturday, Sept. 18. ■ Devoe & Raynolds Co., Inc., Louisville, Ky.—Interested. in Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Sign by September 18.
Itmmne^ i
Army, J^favy, Murine News
Tuesd&^fj^mhper 14, 1943
Pmt
JEJxchansre
Moss gi'een and gold, its to go td ’iyAACs who turned WAC.
—P-E—
Albert Shevalier is an ex-dogface with business acumen. Honorably
Nathan Hale, Jonathan Edwards discharged recently from the Timqth^r disti^gdislbed Yal^e alum- Wolf division at Camp Adair, gl’e doing their bit,,too^to save Ore., he has gone into business as curtept crop of old Elis, espe- proprietor of a tailoring, dry-clean-'diAily A.STs ajid Aviation Cadets ing and pressing establishment at (Yl’diftt ^igs. It seems the alumni nearby Corvallis, Ore. With this r^'fnentioned are now represented on flnement—^yod have to be either a eampus by, statuary judicially soldier or an officer to get any ser-
Jplricdd for proximity to <}uadranglesi vice. '
i^bme acufe soldier discovered that —P-E— ^ 'thh statues are hollow. Ergo, they The question ot whether profesnaVe become the Uhofficial resting sionals should be allowed^ to com-
Fbf Service Men^ By Service Men III fill iirfiii .111. ^Kampus/ASTP Show, Slated For $ept. 25
Page B
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better
Technichal Sergeant Jerry Koetting Formulates Final Plans; Service Band Drills For Debut It’s to be “Khaki on the Kampus”—the all-soldier show to be
The Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
Editor’s Notei Tfie Forum JO the service ..lan’s personal column. Should he agree, disaeree or not care, we wend like to know. Those wishtne to talk about something dif-
^ ferent (within reason) that’s bothering
The title was announced early this morning by Tech. Sgt. Exi?Snem“”unk.n*Building ^we™i hash* u
• - - - column.
Hall on Saturday evening, September 25.
t I ^ 1 T-.* l/AliAV-i TV CVO CtiiAiXXVy VxCVX UxXXO AXXVyAxXXXX^ ^«y XC^iAo Lo Widths 'hwigbotT tiorsipt’ otiT+hrosA amateurs m sports has Jerry Koetting, general director of the affair, as the culmina'brushes, needles and ihreads reared Its ugly head at Chicago’s x- ^r. • x i- jIt.
kd’WHftt hdve you-and the cadet Navy Pier. Two viituosos are mak- harrowing two week Siege he and other members of Of Allies 'tl'ftince st&ncjinig & formation in ing claims foi’ the odd eating cham- t)h6' eJcecutiv6 Coniniitt66 h^d " ^ Present day ■wars* are new in jfche c[uad can reach in, pull out and pionships. Walter Daszkowski put deep in dictionaries, ency- ward G. Eo^^es, Jr., are directing man’s history. They are a product yhine tts he Vunsw munches away on water tumblers clopedias and thesauri, not to ®®vret practice of an all-house cast of the world-wide culture in which
‘—P-E— for between meal snaks, while mention excursions into alliter- ™ ^ nostalgic piece they knocked we live.
‘ fldUvdr, the ATirty Air Force's pa- Wharff gets his quick energy , • , numeroloo-v together on the general theme of jn days of chivalry one Baroij. topf at Yale, offers this one up, and pieces of glass and fire. thpir fno- ov ^ Army. mounted his horse, rounded up his VfW dtth believe it or not as you will. . Walter is a tneir log, ex- g^t a balanced view is immedi- serfs and had a little war for him8fefertt» the AAP classification kids simon pnre, while his opponent hausted, the committee was ately assuied. Over at Cary Hall, self; everything was so nice and ’btthte Greensboro Center came up behind its Pfc. Max Levisop is setting up an- isolated. In time, though, the Lord
"" - .1 . ... . . . . . _ _ ' in a neighbor
against a mu-
^ _ _ world saw wars
J^idfessionat gamblingi house, and _ ^-E developed as ASTP’s answer to the flock of musicians, choristers and between bands (allies) of manors. What were.they going to make of Camp Grant soldiers had a problem of little time and much re- just plain thespians thi’ough their Eventually the world progressed to '|rim.? ’Vithout batting an eye, they ®^®®® recently, the Sentinel hear sal, progress could be reported paces in a skit about Italy. the point wheTe each manor was in ik^fiifendd.him as sick call clerk in a *^®^® reports. They were snoring from all of the shows many fronts. And another piece is rehearsing direct contact with many others and ^fiil^p outfit. Keasoning: experience soundly when a streak of Rapidly rounding into shape, the simultaneously at Cary Hall and wa6 no longer isolated, It was no ih spotting phonies should be trans- hghtning hit their tent, puncturing ^grpp preparing simultan- the Phi Kappa Sigma house—the longer natural for these individual iei’rftble. the canvas, smashing parts of the ^ salute to the Navy and the Marjhe manors to exist as individual enti-
—P-E— m concrete floor, tearing six big holes (jance peiformances and to meet all Corps on the campus whipped up by ties. Social forces demanded that Ppuglas Field — appropriately ® comforter covei’ing one comers generally. A new renais- Bert Wheeler and the writer. they unite to form a larger political ^nppgbi in Arizona—has just had '^®® missing them com- sance of wit has ovei taken Caiy But these are just samples. Skits
iJS p»nu?»l rodeo. It started with an plctely^
^vi^atjon from^a nearby ranch for air force buckaroos to come over ,i^^d looji op at the festivities. But jc^pr aVmy being what it is, it ^^rned out that quite a few of the ][M)ys could moj’e than hold their own pjjl payuses, and did right well in the
iopipg and such. ' —P-E—
Those new WACs are getting a Service ribbon all their own, Ft. ^am Houston’s Blazon reports.
Hey, Mac
I said, “No”
She said, “Please’
I said, “No”
She said, “Just once’ I said, 0. K., but make
it snappy”
So, I let her tie my
neckerchief.
Hall South and the fraternity are everywhere, and the liiie But the Lords weie too selfishly houses, with all the soldier gagmen coaches busily getting a chorus to blinded. Instead of accepting the on hand setting up putative laughs, kick with the same foot at the same dictates of realism, they acted in a Many of the skits are already in time and the sturdy voices practic- “practical” self-seeking way. They rehearsal and actors in practically mg their caiols haven’t even been foimed alliances for war only, and all the othei’s are busy pouring out mentioned. fought other hands of manors. For their lines into the ears of anyone But this is a story about titles— war purposes the stupid Loids had they can buttonhole, or failing that, how they cast aside “Is This the no choice other than to unite and mugging valiantly away in the pri- Aimy”, and “Bricks of Gold” and ally themselves; for purposes of devacy of their rooms. The beating “West Lafayette, We Are Here” stroying life they organized ;-7-but those mirrors must take. and even cornier nomenclature be- they refused to get together to inOver at the Acacia House, Pvt. fore they finally cast on “Khaki on suie a lasting peace.
Thoughts: Nothing quite like a rainy weekend for a little housekeeping — mental and otherwise. This pot-pourri of triviata is the product of just such a weekend. Am passing it on for what it's worth . .. Althou October 23rd is six weeks off, eveiybody seems to be making plans for “der Tag”. From the way the men have been pouring over maps and time tables, it seems the course m map-i ending has fully justified itself. . . Wonder if the lion heads near Coulter Hall have any legend connected with them as do the lions ’in front of the New York Public Library. ,. .The recital at the MH last Saturday nite hi ought to mind the days in Oklahoma when the only way music-staived dogfaces could sate their desire for finer music was by means of recorded concerts at the home of one of the more crvic-minded townspeople on alternate Sunday evenings. I don’t suppose this condition was particularly unique with Oklahoma but the way the soldiers sat around on delicate, upright chairs to listen, for two hours, to a bit of symphony or opera was an indication of the lengths some of them were willing to go. . . .Speaking of Oklahoma, one of my officeis dm mg basic tiaining at Ft. Sill was a Purdue product. This I learned only since niy arrival here from an attractive coed who happens to be his sister. Small world, indeed!. . . .Wonder if the remaining films of the “Why We Fight” series have ever been completed. Wonder, also, what the likelihood of seeing them around here is. . . .
undisclosed number overseas—at a cost of ZVz million bucks.,, .During the recent drive, GI insurance jumped from a face value of 57 billion in April to 85 billion m August. . . .Since the start of Selective Service almost three years ago, there have been about 6000 cases of draft evasion. In the last war, 10,000 draft evaders were prosecuted during the first year alone.
Sports: The War Dep’t. has OKd the traditional Army-Navy football game for November 27th but has as yet not announced a site... .Influence is being exerted to get the game to Franklin Field in Philly wheie it’s more than 100,000 seats will be sold for thoiisand-dollar war bonds. . . .Movies of the pending World Seiies will be made and distributed to foreign bases where service men overseas may see them. The movie, a two-reeler m sound, will also be exhibited at posts thioughout the U. S. . . .Although d^ails haven’t as yet been worked our, the proposed tour of the war zones by an all-star baseball aggregation has the approval of the War Dep’t. as well as organized baseball. The list of players will he announced and_ the tour started immediately after the World Series. The tour is expected to include England, the South Pacific and Mediterranean areas. . . .Sgt. Joe Louis is on D§, touring army camps with his GI boxing caravan.
—Scuttle Butt Davy Jones Thomas B. Mounsey and Pfc. Ed- the Kampus.”
£xpomnL SshvxcsL
£nhiiL ARMY—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms NAVY, MARINES—Leave Photos in Room ll37, W. Cary Hall ALL SERVICE MEN—Leave Photos; in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
jr
Nationalism Replaces Feudalism Eventually, however, the men of individual power could no longer hold hack the tide and submitted to the people’s clamor and organized the modern nation-state. Thus was Nationalism born. / NATIONALISM is a doctrine of expanding government demanded by the people who were tired of giving up their lives to preserve the unnatural boundaries of smaller political units. But the world has continued progressing. Nations eliminated wars among the small cities and manors within its boundaries, but entire nations began to fall into a larger world 01 bit. Entire nations traded with, argued with, and sensed antagonisms against other nations. Naturally, these contacts brought diversity of interests and differences of opinion. Conflicts between nations arose, and wars between all of Italy against all of Gieece supplanted the earlier pettier struggles between the City of Rome and the City of Athens. In time, just as the Cities and the Manors before them had been compelled to ally themselves for war, nations organized to resist other bands of oiganized nations. No nation could escape this process. Only the countiy with sufficiently stiong allies could avoid defeat. The blind nations who said, “We will not give up our soveieignty. We will not coopeiate with other states because that would limit our fieedom of action,” have been wiped out by people who knew how to unite and fight together as Allies. In 1914 we witnessed the culmination of this development. The world was one. Issues were one. Tensions, disputes, conflicts involved the entire world. The World clamored for world union, but it got, instead, a World War.
World Union
But the stupid would not learn. Acceptance of the inevitable they called “impractical idealism”. In their individual “piactical” way they taught each nation to isolate itself fiom the lest of the woild by ringing itself with the Maginot, Sigfiied and Mannerheim lines,— and with two oceans. But the world defies isolationism. The world has grown beyond selfish nationalism. When will these “piactical” men accept the leal tiuth that, just as nationalism aiose to end wars between Cities and Manors, Woild-Union must glow to settle disputes between entire nations. It is no mere accident that the first attack by Japan against China about ten years ago should have led, through a series of natural events, to this present world conflict. The first battles of this war weie lost in China, the next in Ethiopia. Then followed the catastrophes for the democracies in Spain and m Munich. The war was half lost to us by the time the first shot had been fired in Poland because the Axis had won the fust stage: THE BATTLE OF AL-
LIANCES.
Haphazard makeshift alliances
Statistics: Gleaned from various souices and accumulated over a period of time aie the following items of dubious interest. . . .Recent additions to the number of colleges and universities participating in the AST Piogiam biings the total to 209.. . .The number of sold'ei-train-ees in the program is /now well over the 100,000 mark. . . .In the sixmonth period ending June 1, the USO-Camp Shows provided performances for 14 million service men in the United States and a vast,
The third edition of Victory Varieties will be presented Saturday at MH. . . .The Frinite movie for service men will be “Heaven Can Wait”. J . .An Army mess sergeant was recently awarded the Legion of Merit decoration for “exceptionally mentor rolls conduct in the performance of outstanding ^eiwice”. The citation went on to say that he originated many unusual appetizing recipes for the utilization of leftover scraps. The War Dep’t. has refused to reveal any details other than that the sergeant makes a wonderful “goulash”.
V-12JM Schedules A schedule of sottball games for the Navy & Mamie has been completed and includes only the teams which have been showing interest in the games. Several of the teams have consistently failed to show up for scheduled games and it seemed inadvisable to continue them. The schedule for Tuesday night’s games includes the teams which will continue to play through September. for human destruction must he replaced, after this war, by a permanent world organization for life preservation. Whether the selfish socalled “practical” men want it or not, a cooperative world structure will arise’to settle issues between countries withoirt destroying the lives of the people within their boundaries. This must, and will, happen. We can only delay it by bringing a few more needless wars on our heads, but we cannot escape it. The inevitable cannot be stopped
forei er.
Games scheduled for Tuesday, Sept. 14th: Diamond— 1— B 1 vs. B 6. I 2— B 2 vs. B 7. 3— B 3 vs. B 4. 4_B 8 vs. C 2. 5_C 1 vs. C 6. 6_C 5 vs, C 8. 7— D 1 vs. D 2. 8— D 3 vs. M 7.
There have been a few Army teams dropped from the softball schedule because of their lack of interest but the majority of them Vrill be scheduled to play through September. The following games are to be played Wednesday, September 15 th: Diamond— 11— A 1 vs. A 5. 12— A 2 vs. A 3 13_A 6 Vb. A 4. 15—B 1 vs. B 3. 16_B 4 vs. C 5. 17_C 3 vs. D 1. 18— C 6 vs. D 3. 19— D 2 vs. D 4.
WAVES FILLING VITAL NAVY JOBS IN ALL PARTS OF UNITED STATES
Group of WAVES attending class at one of the man” training schools being conducted by Navy for members of Women’s Reserve.
After completing theu’ ti.unin?, thousands of enlisted WAVES, the Women’s Reserve of the United States Navv, arc now on active duty at Naial bait's and .tii^ stations in all parts of the I'uit.'i States. They perform inpoitint Navy duties, they serve v.hei^ their efforts count_ most m winning the war, fill jobs which :tc vital in their own right and, at the same time, have rep’acvd cahjlcl men who were thus rc'cased for sea duty. Other WAVES are now serving
. s storekeepers, radio operators, V latinn mathmibts’ mates, asats1 ds 111 av iation control towers and ' 1 nnnv other capacities. FrequentI' the' aie able to use past train- , 1' ai d experience; in other intaiKcs, they receive all their traia’I't’ from the Navy. Complete mfoMuation about sefvKo 11 the WAVES is contained. I'l the booklet, “How To Serve \our Country In The WAVES or SPARS,” obtainable at all Navy Recruiting Stations and ©£• lices of Naval Officer ProcuremeaL^ ' , if „ ■<, I Page S
■i\-‘^-- ■ ■ '■- -s;-:, •?'*“ '''^ \ , I ' % ' r ‘ ' ffoiJermaK^r Sjpforts ' Tuesday,'^ptemher U, im
Burnham Plans Heavy Workout For Gridders
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
BOILERMAKER OPPONENTS OPEN SEASON
With three of the Boilermakers’ future opponents shaiing in the open-
Defensive setups planned for the season’s opener with Great ing of the midwestern collegiate football season during this past week Lakes next Saturday were carefully detailed to the Boiler- end, it looks like there is plenty of trouble ahead for Elmer Buinham’s maker football squad yesterday afternoon by Coach Elmer ^‘ids. In the opening contests were Great Lakes, Camp Grant and Illinois.
Burnham as the'Boilermakers went through an extended dum-
•11 • -j TP’ 1/iv, filled with surprises from start to finish. The first surprise was an un-
my drill inside the rielahouse. . ^ ■welcome one for the Illinois coach, Ray Eliot, ivhen four of his fiist i„„4. f„ii Eri+r Assistant Coach Joe Dienhart, who scouted Great Lakes in stringers were declared ineligible because of entrance requirements at Michigan seems to have
initial victory over Fort
White, Daley,Wink, Bluejackets Display Hirstiv Wiese Form Strong Ground Attack
Michigan Backfield
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Sept. 10—In Elroy (Ghost) Hirsch, who was third among the Western Confer-
its initial victory over Riley Sunday, reported that the Bluejackets’ margin of superiority was much greater than the score indicated. “Great Lakes has a rugged line working in front of a dangerous backfield built around Juzwik,”
Illinois.
Boxing Deck Scene Of Pugilist Drills
McGOVERN LOOKS PROMISING
In spite of the fact that the Illinois lineup was changed just before .
game time the men from Champaign showed that they have what it takes game in ® eience in ,
to play a good football game. They extended the Camp Grant eleven to
When the Boilermakers visit Great Lakes on Saturday, they will meelj a foe which already has one victory under its belt,
and which is out gunning to keep on winning.
The Bluejackets of the Great Lakes Naval Training Station
ence rushing leaders as a Wisconsin showed in their victory over the Ft. Riley team that their main
strength lies in the fact, that they have a strong line' and^
strong ground plays.
Ken Roskie, former South Carolina fullback, led the attack with thrusts at the Ft.
The Boilermaker fencing team, jjjjgy guigt Warren, of Tenthose men with talent in the sport, nessee, and Steve Juzwik and Emil
drawn the ‘^ease ace” to fit into his Wolverine backfield this season. Hirsch, who averaged 64.6 yards
has been the individual rushing and
Michigan’s
Future D'Artagnans Begin Fall Training
lapses.
Third Meeting Of Teams
The Boilermakers, preparing for their third war-time meeting with
the limit before they finally bowed to them in the final period. Although Passing ®
Coach Jim Beers announced that he was not able to cross the Warriors’goal line for the Illinl during the summer dulls. u .4- i
uus uiiciviiem uuut aiuuiiu uuz.win., to date there has been over fifty 23-0 setback, Eddie McGovern, the nation’s top scorer last season while Crisler was handed another top kiS’ e amous y r agnans, a - sit^o, of Notre Dame, supplied the said Dienhart. “Fort Riley took ad- men entered in the Intramural Box- at Rose Poly, showed that he is likely to be just as tough to stop in the card by Uncle Sam when Bill Daley though still seriously handicapped j-emainder of the Bluejackets’ powvantage of momentary early season ing Championships. This contest Big Ten competition as he was in his own league last year. was assigned to Michigan from with no coach,^ is looking forward to supplying the off tackle smashes will take place October 22, during ^ Minnesota for Navy training and having a season of successful en- ^nd sweeping end runs. the “Happy Hour”. The public is in- BURGHARDT SCORES FOR CAMP GRANT already held a strong pair in Wol- gagements. Last year the seven- Ground Plays vited to attend. On the Camp Grant side of the ledger we see that Bill Bui'ghardt, a verine veterans Bob Wiese and Paul man team fought three meets at Sailors’ power lies The tourney has caught the eye Riveter performer last season, accounted for one of the three touchdowns' White, captain of the Michigan home and two a-^y in a i ion o g^.Q^^d plays can be seen in the Bluejackets, who scored decis- of the whole student body and there when he intercepted an Illinois pass and raved 44 yards for six points, eleven this year. Hirsch is in the participating in e ig en enc- g^atistics which show that they ive triumphs in 1918 and last year, is an indication of a large tournout Marine unit here. mg tourney a icago. downs by were warned by Burnham that it for the contests. GREAT LAKES POWERFUL ON GROUND Four weeks of summer practice Returning lettermen. Bob Bryant for a total of 214 yards. Inwill take mid-season football if The boxing deck was a beehive of Great Lakes was extended to the utmost befoie they were able to eke convinced onlookers that when the and Lariy Fleichman, along with gj^g^tiy^ their power can further be they can hope to spring a surprise activity all of last week. Neophyte out a 20-19 victory over the Fort Riley combination. It looks, from sta- Wolverines open Sept. 18 against Bill Einbinder, Larry Earl and Ray ^hen one looks at the average in the season’s opener. ' boxers were jabing, shadow boxing, tistics, that the Sailors are relying on their running attack for their vie- Camp Grant at Rockford, 111., Barney, a fencing star from Michi- gained per rush, which was Burnham plans heavy outdoor jumping rope, doing calisthenics, tories this season. The Bluejackets accumulated 15 first downs duiing Hirsch will be at left half. White at gan State, are the only experienced 4 4 per try. contact drills today, Wednesday, boxing, and getting pointers from the hour of play, 14 of them coming over the ground route. the wing and either Wiese or Daley men on the team, although there p • Great Lakes though and Thursday, with a light workout the coaches. Monday afternoon was - will be at fullback. The quarter- are many promising newcomers. guboi-dinated to the ground attack, on Friday evening before the devoted to the teaching of funda- Forrest McCaffery, who was slated to start the game at left end for backing probably will be done by Practice Three Times A Week gained the Bluejackets 32 yards, as squads for Great Lakes via Chi- mentals to the inexperienced box- Great Lakes, failed to get into the contest against the Kansas soldiers. Jack Wink, another former Badger rpj^g jg practicing in the completed 4 of 8 attempted
cago. l-.i -j! 4 r, 1- T-V.-r, 41. „„ 41,„4 T,.„ XT„1J l...
fencing room on the third floor of for^vvard passes.
Begin At 4 Today In Fieldhouse Room 104
weight divisions are: 118, 135, 145, 150, 155, 160, 165, 170, 175, and
heavyweights.
All branches of the armed forces.
Tryouts for varsity cheer leaders Army, Navy, and Maijines have positions will be held this afternoon about equal numbers participating at 4 in Room 104 of the fieldhouse, in the contest. With entrants reaccording to Football Coach Guy porting daily, the turnout has been Mackey. large. Additional equipment will be All students including tlje army, placed in the checkout room for the navy, marines, Curtiss-Wright ca- trainees. dettes, RCA Wright Field Units as There will be a short meeting towell as civilians are invited to par- day, at 4:30, on the boxing deck. All ticipate. boxers and those who wish to parPlans Underway ticipate in the tournament are Plans are under way to have regu- asked to report,
lar pre-game rallies at the intramural field with service groups and honorary organizations sitting together as a unit. According to Hilda Gettinger this seating arrangement will instill a real spirit and asprit de corps. The service men, especially, will form a compact cheering section which should add to the noise created at the games. Placards will be distiibuted among all
the spectators to
yells.
ers. Quite a bit of practice was put ... Coach Dick Papenguth informs us that Jim Holderman, a diver on the regular.
in on footwork, jabs and guard- swimming team last season, was killed recently in a plane crash in Listed among the top ranking the fieldhouse every Monday, Wed- . work. Miami, just a few weeks after he received his wings.. .. Baseball is again backfield reserves are quarterbacks nesday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Men Weight Divisions . helping the transportation situation by reyi&ing the world series playoff. George Kiesel, a Michigan veteran, with or without previous fencing The weight divisions have been The first three games will be played in New Yoik and as many as neces- newcomer Jim Aliber from De- experience are encouraged tO try-^ which may prove costly to the Bluemade according to the various sary in St. Louis. ... A slight advantage to the Yanks, but a contribu- -halfbacks Bob Nussbaumer out for the squad. The team is in Jackets when the Boilermakers weights of the competitors. The tion to the war-effoit. ... 56,000 people watched the Chicago Bears beat Preyer, and fullbacks need of fencers in the foil class, but next Saturday.
One weakness showed itself; one
Yale University back, had the misfortune of having a cervical vertebra fractured the first time he carried the ball in last Saturday’s contest
against Muhlenberg.
the champion Washington Redskins 21-14 Sunday. . . . Uniforms for the gaj.j Maves, Don Lund and Bob more so in the saber and epee Great Lakes games are still being* issued, but Burnham has not announced Stenberg. Nussbaumer is a lifichi- classes as yet who will leave Friday night for the game. . . . Wayne Johnson, sophomore, Dreyer and Maves Novices on the fencing team are
have been inherited from Wiscon- -Walter Zobel, Bob Abbett, John sin while Lrmd and Stenberg won puggle, Ed Jelley, Chester Figg, A1 letters here last fall. jjeller and Bob Sauer.
The top line trio includes AllAmerican Guard Julius Franks and centers Mervin Pregulman and Fred Negus. A shift may be imde to use both of the latter at the same
time.
In the Navy-All-Star softball game at Columbian Park Wednesday, the Navy defeated the AllStars, 6-1. The scores are: 1 run, 3
PIA will hold a call-out this Thursday, September 16, at 7:15 p. m. in their Union office for all University coeds interested in becom-
ing Junior Nurse Aides either at St. hits and 2 errors for the All Stars Elizabeth or Home hospitals. and 6 runs, 8 hits and no criois for Girls who sign up will be ox- the Navy. The pitchers were Raypected to work only one night a mond and Schendell. Schcndell, of week from 4:30 until 7:30. The the Navy team, was responsible for
In a week now, Wisconsin’s two work consists mainly of cariying a timely single that diove in two emphasize the leading collegiate football teams, trays, running errands for patients, runs in the fourth inning. Good
those of the University of Wiscon- filling water glasses, and helping
sin and Marquette University, will the nurses. Those who do sign up Webb and Chenowitch. resume a gridiron rivalry that are absolutely expected to appear Chief Russell commented on the started almost 40 years ago. on time and eveiy period which game, “It would be impossible for The two state collegiate gridiron they are scheduled to work. Eve- me to pick out any outstanding star
of the contest,”
Games scheduled to be played soon at Columbian Park aie: Today, Navy vs. Fairfield, 4 p. nr. Wednesday, Sept. 15, Navy vs. Lockwood, 8:15 p. m. Saturday, Sept. 18, Navy vs. All
Stars, 4 p. m.
_ , , , . Tau Beta Pi: Keys for new members are Other leading line candidates in- here. Get them at 506 Russell any week day dude: Ends Art Renner, so/homore ‘="‘^L^°SrmsEr"' from Sturgis, Mich , Farnum John- ^ ^ ^ , - -r* 1 /-ii./vTilr n x Sophomore and Junior Civil Engineers: son, former Baclgei J Cliff Myll, vet- Are you thinking of your future as profesonn fvnm C!t PlniT MinVi • enHincers ^ Attend talk on "Advaneian Iiom bt. xiail blroiex rviicn., Privileires of Belonging to the Clem Bauman, SOphomoreN from ASCE” hy Prof Wiley on Tuesday, Sep- _ , ^ -1 Tx 1 • tember 14, at 7:30 p. m. Room 201, Civil Dayton, O.; and Henry Olshanski Building. —freitag
and Bob Rennebohm, both from . Christian Science Organization: Regular stein-PriesianS
meeting Tuesday, Sept. 14, at 7 30 p. m
—WATT
That weakness seems to be in pass defense, for the Ft. Riley team completing 8 forwards for a total of 134 yards. However, this may not be due to any weakness on the Bluejackets part, but merely due to the excellent throwing of Bob Ruman, formerly of Arizona, and the receiving of Bobby Ford, former Missis-
sippi State quar;fcerback. University Herd Produces Record Butterfat Yield
Training in legular university yells will be given to all those who are successful in the trycuts, and the yell leaders will be outfitted in
gold sweaters with black numqr^ls contenders will open their 1943 foot- ning meals for the aides are fiir-
and black slacks. ball schedules with their intra-state nished. battle in Camp Randall stadium There is a need for 45 girls this here at 2 p. m. on Saturday, Sept, semester, and it is up to the coeds 18. The contest will decide once on campus to respond. ,After these again, and for another yeai at least, 45 girls begin woik, they will be
Ta Uasc DArASSS-a college football championhip of given caps with insignias of the 10 nOOl 06 I 616^13 America’s Dairyland. Junior Aides. They are not expected „ Navy In The Struggle to wear uniforms but any wash
s However, this year’s battle will dress will do. When the course is ^ i| not be strictly collegiate, since for finished ceitificates of achievement the first time in history both teams -will be given which state the num-
Tonight at 7:30 the International will be bolstered by peifoimers her of hours worked.
Relations Club will meet in the Uni- from from one bianch of Uncle versity Presbyterian Church lounge Sam’s gieat fighting forces, the
to hear a talk followed by a group Navy.
discussion on South American poll- Over half of Wisconsin’s 90-man tical situation. The leader will be squad is made up of Navy trainees Senor B. de Pereyra of Bolivia. now stationed on the State UniverThe club meets informally to hear sity campus for specialized engidiscussions on economic, political neeiing 01 aviation training. At the
Wisconsin; Tackles Bob Hanzlik
and Pat Boyle from Wisconsin,
Wolverine veteians John Greene Dolphin Club: Meeting on Tuesday, Sep- ,, ^ 7 1 X7 1 j? tember 14, at 7:15 p m m room 104 of the jiom Plttsbuig’h dnd Bob Oren OI Fieldhouse Plans for Aquacade will be chsEvart, Mich.; Guards George Krae- —murphy ger, sophomoie from Indianapolis; Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, Septem-
,,, • 1 her 16, in the Union Room will be announced
John Gallagher iiom Wisconsin and later. —HANSEN
catching in the outfield was done by Ralph Amstutz Michigan reserve x^u b ta Pi: MecTj^vUi be hold :n room
last Year, in addition to Franks. At 30J of the Union Ihursday, September lb,
- - ' ’ 4 T- -o 1 1 , . , at 7 30 p. m —HANSEN
center Jim Brieske, tne place-kick-ing star, is ranked behind Pregul-
man and Negus.
If there are any questions, call Ann Diessling, 3471 or Margaret
Warner 2565.
Nineteen teams have been en-
and social problems of the world. This summer meetings have been held concerning the Polish-Russian dispute, Japanese occupied China, Yugoslavia’s place in Europe and
ney and the opening games will be played on Tuesday evening, September 14th, with the second round following on Wednesday evening,
September 15th. September 14th
Diamond—
10— Acacia vs. Delta Tau Delta. 11— Faculty vs. Delta Upsilon. 12— Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Sig-
time, about four-fifths of the tered in the fraternity softball tour-
Marquette 60-man squad is made up of navy personnel. Both squads are filled with newcomers to their coaches, thou coaches’ styles of
post-war planning. The leader of play, and to the fans of both teams, these discussions was a person well Athletic Rivalry Intense informed about the country. intra-state battle is again Permission has been granted by expected to display some startling the Union to place the club library football, as it has in every one of in the Browsing loom. Use of these the previous 18 grid contests be-
books donated by the Carnegie En- tween the two teams. With athletic Kappa vs. Lambda Chi Alpha,
downment foi Permanent Peace is uvahy between the two schools as Bi-
intense as ever, and with the traditional rivaliy of two naval trainingcamps added, the game is expected to exhibit some startling, hardloLight football, to say the least. Of the 18 games between the two football teams spiead across the last 39 yeais since 1904, Wisconsin has won 15 and lost only thiee.
Typewriters: Adding macninca, all makea gold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Ijafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan
Office, 407 Columbia.
All Activity Heads: Please submit application for your activity’s rooms in the Union Building no later than September 15 to the Puidue Student Union Failure to do th:^ will indicate that no rooms are debirtd. /
—WOOLLING
Novice Pistol: First novice pistol group will begin Friday, September 21 Students desinng to fire in this group should sign up foi this instiuction in supply room of the Armory —DOWN All Mels: Important organization meeting Tuesday, September 14. Time and place to be announced latci —GLOWER AWS Executive Board picnic postponed Meeting Tuesday in AWS office at 7 15 p. m —VEIT AWS Judicial Board meeting at WRH, North, Tuesday at 8 15 p. m. —VEIT
Typewriter service.
6043.
Alpha Phi Omega: Election of officers C. L. Gunkle. Phone for the fall term will be held Wednesday
at 7 p m in room 307 of the Union. All
membcis are urged to attend this important buttei’fat a year,
Wanted-—Purdue students to w’oik Thurs- meeting. —EAGLE day and Saturday evenings as waiters. Ex-
pcncncc not ncccssaiy Good pay and short All Students: Tryouts for “Hay Fever houia Elks Club. Apply Frank Lenihan. Wednesday at 7 ;30 p m. at Fowler Hall
—STERNBERG
Wanted—Student help to work at Cary
Han Good«a«cs. A^yatSo:v.coOfUce. EXPONENT All members or alumni o/ Sigma Alpha pr Epsilon on campus, please call 6028 after 6 t./ijiV.ooir iIlLF P m for information of interest, (signed) —’ — E A W.UKer:, , SoUthwOrtll’s
Lost—Polyphase slide rule with name, Lillian Hughston, inside kathei case Reward. Lillian Hughston, WRH, Wood. Lost—Beta Theta Pi fraternity pin Rewaid Reverse side reads “G V Stanley— 1917”. Call 2070 in the evening Carl
Stanley.
The University Agricultural Station’s 31-cow herd of registered Hol-
produced during a
year, twice as much butterfat per cow as the nation’s average dairy
cow.
An average of 367 pounds of butterfat and 10,174 pounds of milk has been officially recorded. Even then some of the cows were not producing at maximum, since they were on reducing experimental rations, explained Prof. J. H. Hilton, in chaige of the University dairy
heids.
Cascade Rosette Highest Producer Cascade Rosette, a 6-year-old, was the highest producer in the herd during the 12 months of the test period, with a record of 587 pounds of butteifat and 16,486 pounds of milk. This herd has been on official test for nine consecutive years in the Held Improvement Registry De*partment of the Holstein-Friesian Association of Ameiica. During these nine yeais the herd has averaged approximately 395 pounds of
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
not limited to members of the club. Mr. Koenig will replace Dr. Lanezos, now on leave from the University, as the faculty advisor.
Notice
All candidates for positions on the Boilermaker cheer leading staff, both civilians and service men, have been called to attend a meeting on Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Room 104, of the fieldhouse. The initial meeting will be in charge of Hilda Gettinger, one ol the coed cheer leaders of last
season.
Football Schedule Sept. 18—Great Lakes—There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct, 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—-Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date Nov, 20—Indiana—There
13— Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma
vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
14— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tiiangle. 15— Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi
vs. Sigma Chi.
16— Phi Sigma Theta vs. Theta Chi, Pi Kappa Alpha. 17— Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pi Kappa
Phi vs. Theta Xi.
18— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha
Sigma Phi.
AMERICAN HEROES
BY LEFF
September 15th
Diamond—
1— Acacia vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 2— Faculty vs. Delta Tau Delta. 3— Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Sig-
Health Service
Reports /
Student Health Seivice has an-
nounced the lelease of Pvt. Rudolph ma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon Pazdeika iiom the Home Hospital 4—Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma on Septeinbei 2. vs. Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Pi. Maigaiet Hawley, RCA cadette, 6^Bdta''Jt Sigma Psi vs. Sigma cnteied the WRH Infirmaiy on Au- Alpma ' gust 30. CpI Isidoie Pollack of the 6—Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa P&i AS'TP, enteied St. Elizabeth Hos- vs. Triangle. pital ior suigeiy on the same day. 7—Phi Sigma Theta vs. Sigma
Admitted to the Home Hospital Chi.
on September 2 were Pvt. Raymond 8—Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pi Kappa Lease of the ASTP and Curtiss- Phi vs. Theta Chi, Pi Kappa Alpha. Wright Cadette Henrietta Squier. , 9—Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Xi.
Heavy Jap Naval bombardment of our forces on a Pacific island destroyed our communications. Then Marine Coiporal George J. Conloii went out to help lay a telephone trunk line between headquarters, the base radio and other strategic points. Caught in the open, he kept on working throughout five bombing attacks, aij^ vital communications were restored. He won the Silver Star. Will you keep on investing everything you can in Payroll Savings?
dmrsAicaiL QhjdbJtmcidu WImaL Sh lOifddL lOidsL Overseas packages must be mailed
now.
Army—Sept. 15 to Oct. 15 Navy—Marines—Coast Guard — Sept. 15 to Nov. 1 See our Speial Service Men's Gifts
Shop, ( Downstairs )
Soutimorth’a
h ' f T