‘■•'A:
F'it-j-
Btillfetin Of T
efivtt Seryicii At Bottom his Page
iiiffliiiiaia
Exf»oii«nf Rof^ Callout' Workers
^tMblithid 1869
Daily Since 1906
No* 114
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Eebruaiy
iWMiiiiiii- ' "'MKA.:
Ixponent Editorial, Sports Staffs ill Hold Callouts For Freshmen
pm.
Campt/s PubUcatioit To Hold Callouts pQf Frosb Coed Writers Tomorrow
In
The second semester Exponent editorial and sports staff c^ll-ont meeting for freshmen men will be held in room 304 pj the Union this afternoon at 4:16. Lee Ruffner, managing editor, stnd Rhil Johnson, sports editor, will conduct the meetinkv ih|:i;^odhee the junior editors, and explain the general setup bf Ihe tWo staffs, ; Fteehihan editorial and sports work does not require any speeinl journalistic ability. The only requirements of “cub” reporters are that they be ephipfeteht, have an interest in t i\ newspaper work, have a fair rfOSt TO uGlTIOnStrdtC knpW^dff® English grammar and possess a sense of hu-
nipr,;'^'•
Traiiilhk School : A frpshtian training school will be conducted by the junior associate editors durihg the remainder of the Week and the first part of uext week. The school will be held ip tWo sessions each day—the first Uicctifig at 4 and the second at 5 o’clock-' The same instructions will giyciv at both sessions in order to facilitate the attendance by all freShniCn reporters. : i'he schedule of lectures for this week is, as follows: Wednesday— NctyS and feature story writing, cohdxietcd by John Armstrohg and Bon- — Headlines anti' practice story writing, conducted by Fred Jones Friday night it 'f.“:Bd,;.Kiciier will take the new Workers oyer to the Exponent office (Continued from page 2)
Farm Bureau Co^op 8 r ^ A I
Annual meat cutting demohstration sponsoi’ed by the animal husbandry department, will be held next Saturday afternoon, starting at 1:.30 in the livestock judging pavilion located on the University farm. Two steers were butchered last week and these animals will he cut into the wholesale cuts of beef by Prof. Jack Frost of the animal husbandry department. Accoi’ding to Professor Frost, the animals butchered represent different grades of beef Carcasses and these differences will be pointed out during the demonstration. ,Freshman animal hunbandi’y students and certain home economics classes arc required to take part, but nnj'onc interested is'urged to
attend, d.e.b.
President Elliott Announces Rules For New Registration To the Students and Members of the University Staff: In accordance with an Act of Congress, amending the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, approved December 20, 1941, providing for the extension of liabilRy for military servive and for the registration of the man-power of the nation, tile Honorable Henry F. Schricker, Governor of the State of Indiana, has proclaimed Monday, February 16,1942, as Registration day and called upon all male citizens and all male aliens residing within the State of Indiana who were born on or after February 17, 1897, and on or before December 31, 1921. Registration of students and members of the University staff between the ages of 20 and 45—It shall be the duty of all male students and male members of the University staff who were boi*h on or after February 17,1897, and on or before December 31, 1921, except those exempted by law and those persons who have heretofore registered under the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, to present themselves for registration at a proper place of registration between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. on Monday, February 16, 1942. The Morton Grade School Building, located at 22 North CiiaunceF Street, West Lafayette, Indiana, has been design nated a$ the place of registration in this community. Exceptions—By the provisions of the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, as amended, certain men are not required to be registered so long as they have a certain status. Excerpts from these provisions read as follows: “Commissioned oflicers ..... enlisted men in the regular ar-my the tcderally recognized active National Guard the Officers’ Reserye Corps . . . . . Cadets of the advanced course, senior division. Reserve Officers’ Training Corps .....” iliCgislration When Out of the City—All students and members of the University Staff subject to registration who are out of the city on Registration Day will be permitted for their own convenience to register wherever they may be and they will be given registration certificates there. Place of Residence^—In Memorandum 1-308 to local boards. National Headquarters states, “Particular emphasis should be placed on the necessity of obtaining the man's place of residence .... since this address will determine the local board having jurisdiction .... Registrars should clearly understand that the registrant has the right to detei’mine his ‘place of itesidence’.” Sicknass—All students and members of the University Staff, subject to registration, who, on the i-egistration day, are prevented from presenting themselves before the registration boai’d are requested to get in touch with the Assistant Dean of Men who will act as registrar in such cases. Edward C. Elliott President It is urged that thelibove instructions be carefully read and bf completely observed.
Over three hundred members of the oil division of the Indiana Farm Bureau Co-operative Association arc on the Campus today, attending the annual Winter Oil School and meeting of the organization. Sessions of the meeting began yesterday and will continue through this afternoon. Members are employed iii) the delivery 'of gasoline to farmers throughout the state, by tank-car and truck. After , completion of registration early yesterda'y in the Union, the members of the organization divided into four groups, each of which met for 46-minute instruction sessions on ga.spline equipment. Given in the Agricultural Engineering Building, the classes stressed engine and tractor operation and maintenance. Afternoon Sessions The classes adjourned for luncheon in the Union at 12:15. Afternoon session coptiniied the instruction dm engines and tractors, J. I'v^an Harris xvas toastmaster at the annual banquet held in the Union at 5:30 p.m. An address xyas given by I. H. Hull, general manager of the Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative Association, before the members adjourned to go as a body to the Purdue-Northwestern basketball game. Today’s sessions of the organiza-' tion will include an address this morning at 8:30 by H. J. Reed, Director of the Agricultural Experiment Station. Reed will give his address in the North Ballroom of tlic Union. Effect Of War "The Effect of War on 1042,” will be the subject of discussion by N. B. Hedden of tlie Ethyl Gasoline Corporation. Hedden will speak at 0:30. Following Hedden's talk, a motion picture, “Masters of the Soil,” will .be shown. The final session, scheduled to begin at 1 p.m., will stress gasoline sales, and will feature a talk by Larry Williams, agency director of the Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Companies. Title of Williams’ talk will be “Intensified Sales Efforts.”
Art Guild To Present Movie Convo Films At 7:30 In Music Hall student Art Guild is presenting a little movie convo program in the Music Hall tonight at 7:30 p. m. on French films. “Entr’acte,” first on the program, is a fantasy performed by tht Swedish Ballet in 1024. It concerns a dream of exhaustion after an evening at the fair, and is based on a poem by Robert Desnose and directed by Rene Clair. “Harvest,” a narrative film, is based on a novel by the same name by Jean Giono. It was produced and directed by Marcel Pagnol in 1940, and the musical score was composed by Artur Honneger. “Harvest” was awarded the New York Film Critics’ first prize for the best foreign film of the year 1940. Walt Disney’s “The Three Little Pigs,” translated into “Les Trois Petits Cochons,” is the last film on the convo program. Produced in 1933, the French version was especially prepared for distribution in French-speaking countries, with appropriate changes in costume and speech. The film is distributed by the Museum of Modern Art. a.l.w.
By Phil JohhsoiH , i Exponent Spoi^ i Last night house the Boilerm^e^^tO!^ on the old Purdue spirit to outlast an^ euver a burly but capable:|i^ vading Northwestern their fifth Big Ten victory^ the season, 50-4L of the closest and most ling battles ever stagdd tl||l famous Purdub stru^ctii^', with the score changifighhii^ I ViriiMiiiii’i’iiiiitt ' The summary: i PURDUE (50) FG FT Pt n Sprowl, f i> J *0; -'.Is Conrad, f 2 ' t .T Tierney, f 2 0 0.' \ti Menkc» c 6 5 5 Blanken, pr 4 (> 2 /T Polk, g 2 1 T. f-f.Q
Totals
22
6
NOKTHWESTEBN (4J)
FG,.
Fl
■vw-ilt-
Graham, f ^
.. 5 ,
1
Clason, f
. 1 ••
0
. "6
Clawson, c
.. 0 A
1
■ -n'
Hasse, c
.. 6
1
-■. ■ -it.
Wcndlund, g: ....: ;.....
.. 2' '*
0,
1 ..‘ft
Kruger, g
(>■
-•'2i -Sft
Jake, K
2
0
' -2
Esscr, K
0
9-
/ot'' to,
Benson, ^
- 1
il’
TotaLs
19)
C:
124.7
time after time beiore beatable Boilermakei^ out in front in the minutes for a victory. they had to battle evd^ pf the why to annex. : - Northwestern’s ^ t- e a,ifi of (Continued on page
SOPHOMORE CENTER Al Menke (3) goes high in the air for a push shot after faking Bud Hasse (17) out of position for a bucket in the midpart of the first half. Cecil Polk (19) is watching the flight of the ball while Captain Don Blanken (6) at the'tar right stands ready tor a rebound. Menke went on to take high scoring honors of the evening with a I 5 point total. To the left Frosty Sprowl is answering the calls of the crowd for 50 points as he cuts tp the left away from Northwestern Captain Henry Clason tor the final basket of the evening. One of the most enthusiastic crowds in many a night saw the score exasperatingly change hands nine times during the second halt before the Riveters managed to pile up their final; nine point lead. Coach “Dutch" Lonborg's lads showed amazing speed and finesse throughout the game, and fans had serious doubts as to the outcome before the Boilermakers loosed -their final spurt of energy.
Pharmacy Association Will Show Film Tonight student braneh of the American Pharmaceutical Association will show a film on Gonadogen at tlieir regular meeting to be held this evening in room 311 of the Phai'macy Building. Phannaci.sts, physicians and scientists from the surrounding area have been invited' to attend the meeting and witness these picture.s, produced by Upjohn Company, which depict the experimental production of ovulatiisjn in animals as well as humans. Although the afore mentioned people have received special invitations, anyone intere.sted is invited to attend.
Dr. T. K. Cowden ... of the fai'in inanagement department will address a state meeting of the Indiana Federatio.n of Labor to be held Friday in Indiauapoli.s. Subject of the talk will be “Labor and National Defense.” , WBAA To Hold Auditions In Music Hall Tomorrow Auditions for all students desiring staff positions on radio station WBAA will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 p.m. in the auditorium of the Music Hall. Positions which are iiow open include those for announcers, scrii) writers and sound ett’oet techtticiivns. ■Stiidents qualifying at the tryouts will be taken on as regular ineinbers of the WBAA staff, a.p.li.
Dairy Ckib Will Present Movies Tonight At 7:30 Dairy club will hold its regular meeting tonight at 7:30 in Smith Hall. Movies entitled, “Guernseys at Wur,” sponsored by the Guernsey -Association and “Our Daily Milk,” sponsored by the New York City Milk Foundation will be shown. Refreshments will be served and all University students as well as dairy students are urged to attend, d.b. Sports Notice Important meeting of the sports staff, tonight at seven o’clock in the Union Office. Everybody be there!
To President ^ Years, Dies Sunday ^ Helen Hand, for 21 yearfe.siiei^ tary to the president of the: versity and for many that time a teacher at High School, died at 6:55 of a heart ailment whidh had fined her to the Home since December 23. T ^ Bliss Hand was born in^ ette, November 27, 1863, and educated in local schools. In ■ she received a bachelor of plifion^ ophy degree from Illinois at Blooinington, III. Froitt 18€te 1909 she taught Latin and the Lafayette High School^: Jefferson High School, and traveled extensively as a pHyiti: tutor. - ■ In September, 1913, she, becaiiii secretary to the president. tired in 1934 but continued to part time because of her thpi^ot^i knowledge of the University, its organization. She was responsible for the collcdtidit’^ portraits of the University trust^jjw and officers of the Board which hangs in the trustees' room. : ' ’|i Helen Hand was a member ^ the Prcsbjderian Church and £&) neral services will be held fhh^iit’ 2:30 tomorrow afternoon with,(^^i(| burial in Greepbush cemefetyCvA)?^ tive pallbearers will be F. C?: ema, R. B. Stewart, R. Profs. W. W. Smith, J; Hi Bfck^. and R. W. Babcock. There immediate relatives as her." brothers preceded her in ded^ Friends may call at the Bradsh&lif Funeral Homo after 2 p. m. Freshman Student s Dies Of Infeetkm ^ Robert E. Mazel, 18 year ohi freshman engineer from Chiejeg^i died yesterday morning ai 4:35 in a local hospital following a puw* den attack of a respiratory type infection. . i Mazel, a pledge of the Tau Ion Phi fraternity, had heah ing from a slight cold, hat ac^i|^ ing to fraternity mcmbeca, well enough to attend a. danck^ll urday night. He heeama ill Sunday night and was rhshadthe hospital. Death foUasir^d Ihy early morning.. I
1 .'
Purdtie Exponent Tuesday, February 10,-1942
frili,loph(Hnofes
MEllRY-GO-ROUND By Dre>r Bears&n and Bdbent S. Allen
Presidenf Cracks Down ,Ol|^t)fficial$ Wh6 Can't C^frol Tkoir Tongues ,^|?A|ai^TON,.,F<jb, ?., — The
lias iitvally cracked dmvn
<^kigh members of his official family who run at the mouth with monkey wrench-throwing statements.' in liecent weeil§ there have been
lery have men in Brazil working with the Brazilian Army. They are doing a good job, but it takes time to overcome the fact that fpr year s the Brazilian: Army was trained by the French (General (jamelin spent years in Brazil) and that many Brazilian officers
Of Better Homes Group Five representative women leaders have been appointed members of the executive committee of the Indiana Sectiop of Better Homes in America, and ,local phairmen in Ip different, communities, ^ave, been Selected, it. was announc.ed here.,today by Mrs,, 3E. C. Cline of Rich-
mond, state, chairman.
The newly appointed executive committee will serve with IV^i's.
V
ate incident.
. Another embarrassing pronouncement was Secretary Jesse ^ohek’ Wand claim of a $400,000,WO synthetic rubber producing
went to Germany to study.
_ _ French and Gernians.also ti’ained GJfipe in,deteirmmingvtpje,if,tete^jy-f^le several. One was Navy Secretary the armies of, many other South pplioies .pf the‘‘hetter hpmes'^ o^^^ Knox’s pronunciamento that the American countries which is, one paig'n. ]^rS).,,,ii..,B Steyfart,,,']^'est fisst H. S, War job, was to defeat reason why we lack strpng fi;iends Fafayettp, pijair'm^p pf;.thc^,Wonip^ •.Ifitier anil then we would take cai-e among Argentine, Chilean and Pe- diiyisipnjKi^,the.piy,iiipp..;defpnfp,cbj,nthe f^aps. This brilliant emana- ruvian ormy officer^., - i . >mttpe, ;Tjp.^ec.appp.j Mtrf...^;eorge,^
tlpn created a ti’emendous furor in g Tpli'gh Cilstpilier .CKiie,. Chmrgkiftg. i'hough it, didn’t,,get . so many The Chinese government made ve- headlines as. Argentina, thp,tough-
hement formal representations and gst country to win, over to the Good ^MPithhg'hiyIn4ih^hpp,Iip,,napi,n)3;er pf ^,thp , '$SOO,OOO,O0O loan hurriedly Neighbor orbit was Chile., .This, .was %.P<^PP^tippal.cpmni:itt0^^^^ . pushed through Congress last week largely because of the, tempermpm- dtanap.oiis.Hpme^^Shpys^ | was one aftermath of this unfortun- vaciilating nature, of ■, (Chile’sCv Allen,, Fpyti.'^p.y^p, yicp,-i>|eai- ,
bouncing little Foreign Minister ,<jeht'OfitlietGp.r.^en..Cjh^ of
Rossetti. .Ip^ihpa ;%,dprpvtipp;,P,f Chffi^
I Rossetti was the man who;caiied wijj serve,pn t^he
the Conference of Foreign,, Minis-
- — . - tevs in the hrst place, ahd,; then F.op.P Af ,thp.,s^te organjsgtipn.j^ .a
Wam-most of the,contract turned out to he ,the^ most recalci- ^ Incinlliary '^eds of which have not even been trant delegate there. He,.even \ye.nt wBAA,„.pn IppsUay,, mfljts,.;^pin ,.j.^ • .
awarded ,yet. Experts caustically to, the Ecuadorian delegates and .■jPr:esicjpnk.^l^^ . assailed this statement as mis- urged them not to sign thp hpun- ^un^ed.^^spr^slp^,Tpesday;^d ifeai4ing and designed to cover up . n --.a- i.~ . i ...
lanes’ bungling of the rubber sit-
uation. , achievements of .the Conference,, The President has now decided to Reason for tliis negative aidvipe end these outpourings from mem- .^vas that, if Ecuador, didn’t, sign,
bers of his official family. To this end he has directed that henceforth high officials, must sumbit all statements and speeches to the Office of Facts and Figures, headed by able Libi’arian of Congress Archibald
MacLeish.
Secret instructions to this effect were transmitted in a letter, signed by White House Secretary Steve Early, to all cabinet members, their assistants and heads of all government agencies. Under the order, Office of Facts and Figui'es will not act as a cen-
Tdesday, February 10
8:30 A,M.—Rotary '4-H Leaders’ E. & W. Faculty Lounge, Freshmen and sophomores in the Training School Union . basic military training course clesir9:0,0 A.M.—First Aid ...Room 305, Union . ipg to enter the annual Best Soldier
9:30 A.M.—Rotary 4-H Lpaders ............Room 366-363, Union
12:00 noon—Rotary 4-H Headets South Ballroom, Union 12:00 hoon—Indiana Farm Bureau ' v,: ,f
Conference Npr^h Baili'ooin, Union 4:15 P.i^.—Exponent Sjeetring Roopi 304,'Union 7:30 P.lk.—-Purdue Hairy Club v ...Smith Hall'
7:30 P.M.—Christian Science Or-
ganization Room 303, Union
7:30 P.M.—-Studept.ArLGuild —
. , ... J^itile.'Cohvo. Hall of Music 7:30 P.M.—Intei'-Vprsrty Christian . ' •., ■■,5; V -Room 261, Union 7:30 P.M.—American Pharmaceutical , . , ., Society ^...Ropm 311, Pharmacy , ij., •' ,0 ' '
8:6b P.M.--fH’piy,er’sit^ >, Club :...Both Ballrooms, Union
Round i-Allrpampus Dis-
cussion Contest
4-H leaders To Attend
I':,:did it
University Club .Will'Molb Its Jthirij meeting, today at Pnn, in t(vp north ballroom of the Hiii'on: Entertainment .-for the .party/ be informal, will be a concert, foL. lowed by a social hour.
The committee,for
headed by MrS. Siegl'e An^etebhMd Mrs. James L. Cattpll, ’Wlth''ifes, J. L. Bray, Mrs. L. W. Labreej^|;
Contest, ma:^,^,now sign up in the W. V. pwen, Mrs. C. C. Armory. A table, set up,;by: §cabi- B. FT. Prentice and Prof. bard and Blade,, will be niaintainp,d *
foVvi'egistration on the fii’st floor of v
the building, .
Sponsored by the military honorary,, the Contest will begin soon and .will continue until the final , practical examination to be held on , .Saturday, April 4, at 1 p.m. in the
Armory;
Preliminary,.judging .will be eon.ducted by drill sei^eant.s,) regular ■ Army Officers, and members of Scabbard and Blade. It will be based on discipline, . grades, and, conduct pnjthe drill floor; .classrooin grades Will pot be considered. The final examination, on the “School of the ,§^pldior:i” .'Wili be judged by Scab-
bard and Blade.
The contest is sponsored for the purpose of creating a personal interest in the corps on the part of the individual student and is open
:,jppe .hundred jadpit 47fl,, Clpb
leaders are meeting on campus to ,to .anyone in the basic training discuss their, programs, dpties and course. s.h.'
probleins., F.oday is ,the '^.ecoud.day
several thousand , people of the conference, which began yes-
dary dispute agreement; with,Peru, it Will^ontinue fw 44 weeks. a.l.w, sn^ed ai;ound ihehaWs^thV sponsored by the Inwhich was one of the most potable 1on Saturday aftcfnoop'lOoMng for Rotary club and^ndueted by or.K^o,r«„,„-n+c'r.r fii« AlT XeOFpS KBflBWS r-M> l-A.-'i-y , the University 4-H staff. ■ ■ .
fhS^lct?/ip cities
„ . , Vi , , V. . -..-University
the^ source definitely Thick looming F. L. Mc-
Union iteynolds will talk bn “Values: of
..s,taff„,had the matter well under Recreation.” The remainder of the control..,,,, . ' ■ morning will be spent in group dis■..fliiiUu'iied.nut ;to be the s^ond cussions. Lafayette Rotary will join
.... ■■ ■.,. .- “PO'y,det., t.pom’’, fire of...the school their luncheon in the South Ball Recent landslide of apphca.tipps year- started4 Room of the Union and also in the for. Army, Aviation , Cade.t ..training it, wps. as.spmcd it was a copd. from meeting following. Last general ses-
auvivc pi>fifi?ified, requirements, has .tjie Iqchti.on '.of, the; fire,,. Another gjon will take place at 1:45 p.m. in Rossetti born of Italian narents foi'Cpd feniporary ,modification ,of lighted cigarette, had been thrown the North ballroom, is the editor and publisher qJ ^ >$PtoAi’^°Ui,er .waste basket, .IJiiion Music and recreation are under newspaper in Santi^o, “La Opin- ^lewaj pf ^.“i^aiting list,” Fifth tvo^kcr^^teredthc,wasFropm pnd the direction of Albert P. Stewart joj, ?> Corps .Area Headquarters aniiounc- extui^uislted ..the , blaze after first and F. L. McRcynolds, state 4-H
,it would hav^ wrecked the, entire Conference, fp this,way, Rqssetti w quld be absolved frein blaine fpr vofing Chile as an isolationist na-
tion. , . ’, ■ . . , Ecuadorians spurned Rossetti’s advice.
bine Tonight *•
^ m CHINA GRILL I CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY v
409 Columbia St. !>
imwtrumiVF
ANP
Belly
'Mlfe^TihYtOR Ci^lumbioeitlure
ALSO
"SEA RAIDERS/' Serial
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Sh.oe $tore In The Village 302 State
.- fc Vj \A/' ‘'i.* ' ed today.. .making, certain that the room was
. . .Officials pointed put.that,tlie new not occupied, r , .
~ e . azis pie- pjan would not preyent any qpali- .., Goon after,,Pearl Harbor, Pi-e.si-p^red for the Rio conference was taking cadet tr^n- U ifi .^Peeph to the illustrated by sealed orders sent by j^g. jj^t would result pniy, in a mo- .-^udent body.dnentioned t^at a, sim-
assistant. H. F. Ainsworth will di- -- HayS JOWelfy C'O. !’
rect today’s session and E. C. Bird will preside over the general session. l.s. ■
131 North Fourth St.
statements and speeches with other interested government agencies and ‘fi-ecominend” deletions and changes
to avert incidents. • America Firster
A federal grand Jury in New York recently indicted Werner von Clemm, naturalized Prussian, on charges of acting as agent of the Nazi High Command in smuggling large quantities of stolen gems into the U. S. to finapee subyetsive activities. Married to a prominent banker’s daughter, von Clemm is related to Nazi Foreign
Minister Ribbelitrop.
Sensational evidence about von , Clemm’s operations will be revealed by the government at his forthcoin.ing trial. One item in the government’s possession is evidence that von Clemm was an active undercover leader, of the New York branch of the America Fii-st Committee, also that he contributed'financially
to This organization.
• Brazilian Navy Pro-American One of the best jobs of goodwill-
continue To be received, and cundi- up’s, yvash roqin, qnd that he had dates Will be .called, for eplistment .pv.<^lea:9,d, the. statin closed fpr the after a waiting period of probably duraUou. Union offipials assured the
sor, but the practical effect will tt.-i / tv, .i- • r r • nn
amount to that. OFF will check the vessel “n BrazHian waters^ the .Applications, will liar blaze haF, occurred, .in a, worn
Windhuk, Sealed orders arrived well before the Conference to be. opened the. first , day of the conference. Thp orders were to sabotage the engines of the ship iipmedi- , ately. And (he Nazis, did a, yery thorough job of U. Incidentally, the German Ambassador, in Rip naively explained to the Brazilian Government that he bad done his best to persuade the captain not
to carry out the orders
Fine lewelry at Moderate Price
M.
•not ipo'-C fhap a, few weeks. New Requirements ■ . .Part of.The current “peak load” was Traced to applications pn hand when sipiplified requirenients were announced., Sfany of these candidates and many rejected' earlier because they lacked college training, bpcaine .eligible .and wei’e enlisted
female sjudent body that the Union’s wash room would not be closed.
j.l.t.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
However, The Italian crew on the under new requireluxury .liner Conte Grande was not • half so thorough in sabotaging their . Ubder thp pew simplified.rc^qu.irevessel. The ship will be turned over ''''*cnts,, an aptitqde .or iptelligence, to the U. S. A. to be used as a ti-oop test._h,as been . substituted' fpr„foa--transport, and this is considered mei’h'gFschool and college require-
one of the most important gestures i'*^e’^ts. j.w.t.
made toward the Good Neighbor
policy by any Latin American coun-
tvy.
SENIORS:
SCOBEE’S
Einpipyors arc inlorvic'-A-ing now— DON'T .DELAY —- Have applicalion photos ready—Reliable service.
BEGINNER'S TAP CLASS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 13th 7:00 P.M. YOU WILL FIND TAP DANCING IS LOTS OF FUN, AND THIS COURSE WILL IMPROVE YOUR RHYTHM. PHONE 2150.
Phone 2345
105 Norf-hwestern Ave.
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
TODAY - WED.
2 Hits
Romance and Laughs with ■Miss Polly, the Small Town Love Expertl
with . ■ Zaxu Pitts 4 Slim Summerylllo Kathleen Howard T Brenda Forbes IT'S FIRST RUN —PLUS —— A LAUGH-LOADED ROMANTIC SPRtf I
FtedMacMURRAY ■ Mary M&RTIH Roberi PRESTON
(Copyright, 1942)
Exponent
Scheduled to Visit the
Campus—r,
,. SwUt and Company, Chicago, 111. Fpbrupa'y 10,; . . Standard; .Ojl Coinpany, Whiting,
(Continued from Page 1)
at the Lafayette Typesetting Co.
■ing perfoitmed in South America has in Lafayette, explain the method of Indiana, February ,1.0. been by the U. S. Naval mission to proof reading, and .show, the iieo- > Gfiell .Oil, Company, Tulsa, Okla. Brazil, until recently headed by phytes how the paper is “put to February. 1,0,. 1 . , , . . ' Rear Admiral Augustin Toutant bed.” . , ..Johp Hqere Trac.tqr Go., WaterBeauregard. All freshmen editorial ■ reporters loo, Iowa. Feb. .li. and 12, The U. S. Naval Mission has been are required to work one night a • Babcock qnd Wilcox, New York, , attached to the Brazilian Navy for week until about 10. After the soph- N. Y.,Fcbf,u,a,ry41, , ,, .a spore of j'ears, and has worked in omore reporters take over the work Internaiiqpal Harve.ster Coi, Chisuch close and friendly cooperation of tfic night editor the “cub” report- cago, jjl, Fcbpuar.y.ll .and 12. , , That Brazilian admirals are 100 per ers will be expected to replace the Anegbepif. Ludium, Steel. Corp., cent for the U. S. A. sophomores. Brackenridge, Pa, Febrpavyll. ... Admiral Beauregard, now trans- Work on the editorial and sports : ,A,4t'c.r-aif t Radip Lab.di'atofy,
staffs consists of news and feature .Weight. Fiejd,, Dayton, Ohio. Febwriting, headline writing, proof ruaryf j2 pnd 1,$,. , . ,• ... copy reading, rewriting, Carnegie tilino})}. .Steel, ., (3ofp., and editing. Chicago,,ill.,,,Fpb;ru,ary 12 .and 13, A call-out for freshman coeds in- U. ,S.,l^arine Corps, Indianapolis, terested in Working on the Exponent Ind., .February, 13 and ,,14. coed editorial staff will be held to- . The Charleston. Qrdnpnqe .Plapt morrow in room 304 of the Union desnes men with a E.S, degiige for at 4;1.5. The requirements for coed ipositiops involving,.ppntroj oypT workers are similar to those of the manufacture of spiokeles,s.;, powder, freshman men. Coeds will be ex- Any seniors qualified for this ppsipected to work two days a- week tion, please report to E. F. Dege-
until 6 n. m. ring.
■ ferred to be naval attache, has lit-ci-ally grown up with many Brazil-
ian admirals, knew them when they reading;
were lieutenant - commanders, speaks excellent Portuguese, has done many favors for them, and
they also for him.
The United States u-ould be stronger with the Brazilian army if ,w« had sent a U. S. Army mi.s£ion earlier, and also with larger personnel. At present the U. S. Air Corps and U. S. Coast Artil-
filVvdus, ^xpomnL All-American 1940-'41 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Uongress
sefiptions, $4.00. Rditor-in-Cliicf. New* Editor -blWrte Editor ...
..N«d A. Ocliiltri'c ..Jvliii I,. Trauerott Fhil Juhiiaon
Hu.siiicss Manager Don S. Powers Managing Editor Lclond W. Kuffner Coed Editor, Bose
Publication Staff A»8ociale Erfiturs tSditoflat 6tat(: L F. Amos, .J. 11. Armstrong, D. T. Bropby, j ft. I>, Hadley, F. J. Jonea, K. (i. Kieper. t^u'ri* SteitF; <J. T. Clark. J. D. Fruaer, J. S. Keeler. -Cued Staff! Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cliiitfieid, Jane Banudell.
Business Staff Coed iiUHiiicBB Manager: Donna SiesB; Office Manager : Dee Bosaong. Local' AdvertiBing ManagerB: K. K. (ijcHird, K. .K. Saitoh ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounla Manager: W. D. Milliird. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankunberry, Francos Lloyd. Julia Martin.
fhonw: editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 6377
Bepresented for national udvortiBing by National Advertising Service, Ine., College PubliBliera Eepreaentatives. 420 Madisoii Ave.. New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Editors Ciiatfield Nifbt Editor! Hoakinu
Night Sports Editor: Fraser Issue Editor: Kieper
Staff: C. E. Ua;is, D. C. Pickering, D. E. liutz, A. L. Wick.ii'il, L. Sloane, Davis, A. P. Hunter, D. L. GJn.spie, S. B. Wolf, It. N, Ford, M. L. Biggs,
NOW SHOWING -DOUBLE FEATURE-
iThe picfup^^ W«i| set the nation iau^hin^I Hitjaribijs Smith and his slow , burning S^rge will have ybii laffin' your Punkin-Haid off!
Based on The Barney Googtc & Snuffy Smith Comics
By BIllY DE BECK BUD bUNCAH EDGAR KENKEDY SARAH PADDEN
PLUS
<5^
with ALAN HALE / FRANK McHUGH
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
SLASHING TO the VERY PEAK OF THRILLS! I AMAZING ADVENTURE ROMANCE! THE CORSICAN
iDOOGtAS FAIRBANKS, Jr.
RUTH WARRICK • AKIM TAMIROFF
TODAY - WED.
EXTRA! PICTURES OF THI |AP ATTACK ON PEARL HARBOR
xk
C'-w'*'-
s Siiturday, Fcliruary Mth §ond a box of deiiciouH'^SclirailTt’s, Iknitc’s, Gobeliii’s Valentine eailtly. Girls why not send a box of Valentiiie ttandy to yonr friends in the Service —It will be appreciated. We wrap and mail free of cliarije in first or second zone. ’—Valentine Cards for Everyone—ywiviKSin BOOKi i
?iii Delta Thetas Take
,'Iji^dai,y^,F«br4i9ry IQ, JQ42
l&A^l'yAl uMAh^' Pa^e 2
M Vyt to tielilhome fool > By Don Brewer Michigan University’s foi> Inidable pwimming sqqad, con',distent Ir^^ational and Western .H^iEatfereBce overrlord, will face Coach Uick J^apenguth’s up--!and-comin^ Boilermaker tank ,^eani ip the Fieldhouse pool Saturday at^ p.tn., heralding Jthe initial ap^^arancq of the 'j^eat WiOlvermes at the Gold ^nd Black athleftc plant. l)Pwo wins ,., With tJjie^B|veter 1942 swimming ^|f.*ecord standing at two victories in -as many starts, over Michigan I^tate’s Spartan aquatics, and Indi,hna’s swimmer’s, Coach Papenguth iaces the strongest opposition possible, with probably the exception -of Yale^'s mighty Easteim tankmen. ,, “The Michigan meet Saturday Will be the best this campus will jsee for a long time,” said Mentor papenguth yesterday. “But a vicJtory over the Wolverines is a tiring .Which even thp best teams find hard to do. Where we have one good man ijn an event, Michigan has foui or five record-breaking stars.” ‘Eighty Mann '" And Dick wasn’t just talking -either. Coach Matt Mann, through Ibis 17 years of coaching of the northern aquatics, has built one of jthe largest, most powerful teams possible. He has won 13 Big Teh
titles and 12 National Championships. Papenguth, himself, was coached, by Mann. Jim Skinner, champion breaststroker, is a good crosS'-seetion of Mann’s water aces. Skitmer holds not only the Inter-Collegiate titles, but also the Big Ten breaststroke championship and the National A. A. U. breaststroke crown. He holds all titles in the breast, as well as the 200 meter world’s record in the event. , Eight behiftd Skinner is John Sharmet, breaststroker and a member of the Sharmet swimming duo. Gus Sharmet is claimed to be the most outstanding crawl swimmer in the country today. Dobby Burton, the Wolverines’ captain, follows Gus Sharmet in the fiee-style sprint honors. These two are not the only opposing free-stylers with strength and power, however, as John Patton and Kivi, sophomores, also have turned in very fast times so far this year. Eiedle and Horlenko make up the backstroke field of the Wolverine tankers, Eiedle being a consistent conference place winner for the past two years, with Hoilenko making a name for himself last year. Strother “Teabone” Martin, former Indianapolis Athletic Club diver who was tutored for many years by Dick Papenguth while coach there, is Michigan’s numbei’-one diver, as well as the nation’s leading spring boaid artist. Martin, who was ineligible last year, took third in his sophomore year in the National Inter-Collegiate meet, and is i— 4 •—*
lift Schediiles
Court
7:0G 7:16 8r00 8.16
Court
7:00 7 .15 8:00 8:16
Court
7.00 7:15 8.00 8:16
Court
7:00 7:16 8 00 8:16
BASKETBALL Tuesday, February 10
1
H 2 vs H 1 D 2 vs D 1 H 4 Vs H 3 n 4 vs D 3 Gates
2
A 2 vs A 1 E 2 vs E 1 A 4 vs A 3 E 4 vs E 3 Kaffeity
3
B 2 vs B 1 F 2 vs F 1 B 4 vs B 3 F 4 vs F 3 Burtfhardt
4
■C 2 vs C 1 5 12 Vs S 1 C 4 vs C 3 S 4 vs S J3
back this year leading the country’s field. Although Michigan’s team appears to be too powerful for the Boilermaker aquatics, Saturday’s meet will be hotly contested and is likely to be close, according to the Riveter coach. Only the absence of Jimmy Krueck, start of the 220 in the past two meets, mars the heavy practices which the Boilermakers are undergoing this Week. Krueck IS out with bronchitis and is a doubtful Saturday participant. “Johnny Juengst will press Martin hard in diving,” added Papenguth, “and all of the relays, as well as the races, should be fairly close.” Bleachers will be erected to accommodate the expected overflow crowds, and several specialty exhibitions will be presented to make the swimming meet one of the biggest in the Boilermakers’ competitive history. -
Squash Squad Wins Matches In Chicaqo “Chief” Clevett’s squash team defeated those of Noithwesteim University and the University of Chicago, ^^st-'Saturday jin the, W-indy City. The Wildcats,f^l t9.defeat 6 to 0 against, the Eiveter.’s in, Abbott Hall on the downtown campus. Chw cago was beaten 4 to 1 in the west stands of the. Maroon’s campus. The Boilermakers showed , their superiority over Northwestern by taking -all five matches by love games. Wells the Eiyeters.iWas the only man to lose to the Maroons of Chicago. _ ^ Next Saturday afternoon and evening the squash squad will meet the Pendennis Club ®ud WinMf-^tay Club of Louisville, Kentucky. These clubs are made up of ex-college squash players and should prove very difficult. BIq Ten Sttii^gs
Fleety Carl Hipp, Phi Delt flash of the Sigma Chi-j|^i Delta Theta touchball game, sparked the “State Street Boys” to another tremendous victory over the Sigs last night in the Class “A” fraternity basketball finals, 28-7. Hipp, who scored ten points. Was the mainstay of the Phi Delts’ victory over their arch-rivals last semester, and last night scored five baskets te overwhelm the Sig 'quintet. Phi Delta Theta dominated the play in the first half completely, although it was Sigma Chi Johnny Worl who got the first point of the ball game. A Phi Delt defensive play, as well as offensive brilliance limited the opponents to that one point and the half ended with the score 14-1. Pinky Warren attempted to spark a Sigma Chi revival in the second period, but Jim Eush and Hipp led the Phi Belts in running up the score. Warren and Worl sank free throws, but failed to connect on numerous long shots and under-the-basket tries. Dick LeMaster, Phi Delt player, aided the Sigma Chi trouncing as he tossed in seven points. With the score standing at 28-3 and only 30 seconds remaining, Jim Eush tipped the ball in the Sigma Chi basket, but Worl was awarded the field goal—’the first Sigma Chi goal of the game. Worl came back m a burst of speed, however, and tipped in another field goal, this one the real thing, as the final horn sounded. Phi Delta Theta was on top, 28-7.
% till fotoiii
Illinois' Minnesota Indiana PURDtTE Wisconsin Iowa '' . North^eofetern Ohio State Michigan Chicago
W. L. 7 1 7 3 6 3 5 3 5 3 5 4 3 5 4 7 3 '6 0 10
Pci. .875 .700 .6^7 .S^S .625 .556 .375 .373 .323
FG FT PF 5 0 2
FG FT PF
Big Ten Scares Purdue, 60; Northwestern, 41. Indiana, 41; Illinois, 36. Wisconsin, 54; Chicago, 20. "iffWar 52; Ohio State, 44. T l-i
Time Out For Romance
On VALENTINE DAY . . . tlie day of all sweethearts and lovely women. To be sure the men play a large part in it, but you’ll have to admit it really belongs to the fair ones ... so make your gift to her FEMININE . . . something that will tell her you cherish her LOVELINESS!
PRINCESS SLIPS $1-98 $^.98 by Swank and Barbizon I 14/“ Every woman apprcpiates princess slips especially ones that are fashioned by Swank or Barbizon. In bolli plain tailored styles and in lace trims.
'I’■to'5
.98
LOVELY PAJAMAS in alluring new styles
Charming nc4t creations in both plain crepes and alluring floral designs. Choose from our extensive
selections.
Gowns & Coat Sets by Swank and Barbizon
Luxurious sets consisting of gowns and matching coat in both plain rayon crcpcs and charming floral patterns. A gift she appreciates.
PEBFUMES
of imported origin
M M-” up to 75-
00
Give Her a Pair of Seamless Nylon Stockings
.65
These seamless nylons seem invisible on the leg since they ( have no scams that show their * unevenness. They have mcr- -Mccrizcd tops, nylon body and
feet.
They are especially adaptable for spring wear and their weight equals a two-thread hose yet they wear like a three-thread one. In nude shades.
Lovely Colleclion of Newest Spring Handbags S|“lo*IO Bags ill patent, suede, fabrics and leathers cleverly styled, some with zipper fasteners, many with attractive wood tops.
While black is' the predominating cblor, these lovely hags can he hud in many alluring spring shades lo mutch her new spring attire.
Wc are proud of our stock of original French perfumes and oiTcr them to you in various lovely packages at no advance in prierbs. Among them you’ll find her faswitc scent at the price you intended to pay. ROMANTIC JEWELRY any girl will cherisli it
59c to $5.98
New jewelry creations in necklaces, pins, clips and car rings featuring bright hued stones alluringly set in various gold or silver metals. Glistening Cora Pearls $1.00 to $5.00 These fine pearls come in satin lined boxes in 1 to 5 rows and have rhinestone clasps set in sterling silver. A lasting gift for her.
Ideal for Short Jaunts Over the Week-End GADABOUTS
S2.25
The Gadabout case is roomy enoi^h lo carry all the necessities for an over the week-end trip. Ine ti’ay holds her cosmetics and other nicknacks. FITTED CASES ... $3.98 up Many eharmingly styled cases, some filled with her favorite cosmetics ip miniature sizes, so easily reiillable. Others with empty bottles and jars to put her own cosmetics in.
Headquarters for Valentine Gifts
Phi Delta Theta (28) Hipp, i RpBh, f Welty, c Tafel, e LeMaster, s Bryan, g
Totals
Sigma Chi (7)
WaTren, f 0 Hites, f 0 Day, f 0 Shafer, c 0 Worl, g 2 Howe, g 0 Stram, g 0 Totals 2 Officials: Barnard and Emerson.
Sigma Delta Psi tests in the high jump, broad jump and shot put will he given today. Report to Don Phillips in Room 111 of the Fieldhouse at 4:15.
► Was A Hard Earned jF'qr the fir^t time this seasop We think that the Bdilerntakt^S putting out just aboot everything they had last night. They sfiowed fight than they’ve shown in a couple of years. liwiW dig jiist til^ th^y were really jplaying an all out game—diving at loOSe halls at^|ittfe» ting their shoulders against the toughest fmpMU sUetn titat Goeehjf0t^ borg could send into the game. And it made one of the finest gaiiK2p<w%lt ever seen. Never let it be said that the Boilermakers aren’^ti second Iff# Last night they had the guts to stay m there fighting‘Witft shot in the first part of the second period rolling in aad Minnesota game. It was enough to demoralize the finest td 9*^ last night they stayed in there pitching when the chips were the going was toughest—and that’s the stuff that makes a ^ long as they play ball like that they won’t lose to anyone—and tjtd fil^lude Illinois and Minnesota. . >■ Polk Scraps Lik« Eli Yeager During the past couple of games the stirring play of Cecil minds us of the style which Eli Yeager had when he played a years ago. Nothing scares him—not even a couple of fuHbacks. f^fgadB after the ball, gets it, and starts things going for the basket. he did what no other guard has been able to do this season—'be Graham to two points during the three quarters the g^me WbdK Ise was on him. And, brother, that was a job well done. Then there was little John Conrad fighting his h«trt out tfll "the way. John is probably one of the smallest players in the league, but he JS nbw feared by them all. The third, and certainly not the least, of the pony trio, Miikey Tierney, last night regained what he has been working for all seasob^flte basket eye he had his sophomore yeai% Last night he got the 4^ge. Watch him go the rest of the way. It’s a great sight to watch like these three who put out eveiything they have every mintlte in the game. , ^ Glenn Adams—Almost Snowbound The snowstorm that kept your humble columnist away from the Ofeo State game a couple of weeks ago almost did the same for Clmin A^^Euns^ the official on the north side of the Fieldhouse last night. When he fqui^ that his train would be a couple of hours late to that game, he a taxi in Indianapolis all the way to Columbus. He changed clothes in fee taxi just befoi’e getting to the game—arriving on the scene just two minutes before game time. Glenn has officiated over 1,400 games, and has never missed a^^^ame or been late. Last night he spoke proudly of this record, remarifeig, “Rain, snow, sleet, or enemies have never kept me away yet.” ^ Hail To Dear Indiana—^And We Aren’'!’ We almost forgot something very important. We would like Indiana a vote of thanks foi’ the great victory they won over Hl|nciiS'.last night. If you think that stuff about Indiana’s home floor is look at last night’s score. The Hoosiers did what no other Big Ten’feim could do, and they deserve a lot of credit.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Everything for a College Education -- DEAC’S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK —- DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette ’
Riveters Triumph (Continued from page 1) large size and amazing speed and finesse proved to be everything heard of them earlier in the season. The Purple lads wei’e in the game every minute of the way until the final spurt which spelled victory for tfie Boilermakers. Bud Hasse, former Hammond High star, led the Wildcat attack all the way in both offense and defense, getting 13 points while playing tormentor to the Boilermaker offensive throughout the game. Highly praised Otto Graham, sensational sophomore football and basketball star, started the game in fine style getting nine points in the first few minutes of play. However, scrappy Cecil Polk was shifted to cover the Purple star at that point. Polk was over Graham like a wet blanket the remainder of the game, allowing only one bucket, and that was following in of a free thiow. After Graham started the game with an under the basket lay in, the Boilermakers turned on one of the
finest offensive drives of the Beason to run the score to 11-4. ErcRB'feis point on the Wildcats began getfeig the range, and matched the Boilermakers bucket for bucket, leaving the score 28-24 at intermissioti, , Stai-ting the second half the ermakei's were icy cold, allowhig-the Wildcats to tie the score at 3^0. From here on out the score chasged hands nine times, zig-2sagghig back and forth until it rested at 4&-40 with five minutes to pkqf. After about a minute race horse play TieiHey got the Ball rolling with a one-handed shot. B^anken took a nice pass from Tiom^ a ffe^r seconds later to score under the 1^ket. The Boilermaker captem ped another one in, and BproWl got two from in close tolmaig theVeoTe to an even 50 just before the gun. The Boilermaker pony trio< PoOc, Conrad, and Tierney managedtog^t in the Wildcats hair most the time, all three playing a grand floor game and contributing at least two buckets to the score apiece. Al Menke was playing great ball *11 the way, getting 15 tallies to lend the scoring for the evening. Sprawl played one of the best games-o^ Ms career by gettmg 13 points «nd working on rebounds energetiOa^.
^0/fC^CS NEED THIS EXm THOMVGH ClEANWC...
You may never bowl 300, but for a perfect score in attractiveness remember this—our extra^ thorough .Sanitone dry cleaning gently removes s<^, perspiration, and film. It brinies opt color and revives matted texture because it cleans to the heart of the fabric fiber. Call us today. Prompt service. AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132 Northwestern Ave. PHONE 7278
Get them from DE§KER’S INt
518-20 Main... Phone 5086
1'
i
!
i
I
1"Ci'f'V' 'I’ M^ ■
Aniia Stratton, Jnspecto/sSchod , jCameifa Club fo Offer in's Mother^^ Dies ®®ff"»s ^”es*y Pemehlary Program
To PNotography Fans
... In Agricultural Hall LOliy llllIGSS First meeting of the Seed'derti-
' ^ i fication inspector’s Training School Mrs. ^na Trdxler Stratton, mo- ^^jjj held tomorrow night in
room 104 of Agricultural Ha]l, ac-
^. W-omten, died yesterday morning co].(jij,g to an announcement .reit^ a.W. at the Home Hospital. She cej^ej} nightfrom Marion LeanrMd Men a patient at the hospital jg charge of the schOPl.
itiifc' past nine weeks, and had poor health for an extended
pSM'iod previously,
m liotiisviilc
-ijMrs.'Stratton was born in Louis-
Meetings will be held every Wednesday iiight from 7:15 undl S>l6,> •Starting this/week ' apd. continuing until the middle of April. Successful completion "iof the cours'd'Will
yfllb,:«y., Jund 25, 1864, the daughicr. of Mr, and Mrs. Constatine 'Ti'dxieir. She was educated in the Louisville schools. In 1898 she Was inarried to Richard L. Stratton. Her hubband, who died last July 2, was
the summer as a sepd certification
inspector. . Students Employed
During last summer approxim'atc-
Camera Club urges anyone interested in the field of photography to come to their open meeting this pyening at 7:30 p.m. in Room 305 of the iihion. The Club will oifer an elementary course in photography, to all those interested, in fipdfirigrout ni'oj.g gyjjjggj.,
.■Lkbpratory Work
; C This.n’eW course is to include labbrafory 'work as well as lectui’es, gnd. the full facilities of the Camera ,Club’s ^modern, tvell-equipped dark rooms are to be made available to all students receiving the instruction. Special laboratory instruction
Noticei
■ Skull and Crescent: Important mcotinu Wednesday, Feb. 11, at 7 :30 p.ni. in room 307 of Union. Final plana for Cotillion ■\yill iip n^de. ’ •—-MENKE I Kappa Delta Pi ! Meetint? Taeaday, Feb. yi has been cancelled. .—HAYS ):Alpha Lambda Delta: Important mooting 'FUesday, Feb. 10,; in Room 230 in the Unibn. Please bo there. . —MaeDONALD. C.E. 41 (Hydraulics): An cxaifiinUtion to remove C ami I grades will, be held in room 12.7, Henvilon Hall, on Saturday afternoon, Fel). 14. Permission to take tbe examination ihiiat be obtained from the uhdersigned before Wednesday, Feb. 11. —GRE'VE New Pre.shtnan Students: You may obtain Freshman Handbooks from 4 to 6 p.m. any day at the Activities Bureau Office. , . ' —McKIRNAN Westminster Girls Club: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 10, at 5:30 p.m. at Mrs. Findley’S home, 129 Sheet-/. St. —VIRTUE
Christian Science Organisation!'Regular Marriage Course: Dr. John Dorsey ..will Modern Dance: mdeting at 7:30 p.m. Tuesd&iy.. Fab. 'l^'jn ‘'Upaak Wwlhesdny, Feb. 11. Bring: oucstlons day, Feb. 10 at 7 li.tn.-
to class concerning problems of mental hiy- sory.
agement. ho WILKENIb
■{i'gifenfc during cdurtship, engagement, hone;
- • ■ —ibffi
rtiooh and marriage.
rootn 808 of tho Union.,, -^-L0(3^O6D.; History, Economics,: and 'fidfcrtimeht
Make-ups: Examination for dbmbVa}.pf.eon- .i,.-, , ,, ."“Sm i o , ditlons and. ineomplctcs In Histody, ficon- AIL Agricultural Students: Sced^ ccrtinomios and Government will be held SaWt- cgtlon inspector training will be held Wed-
day, Feb. 14, at 1 p.m. in Heom 118 'of the ^ 14®
Recitation Building. Application’. Shduld be to all agricultural students. —LEAMINO made before Friday, Feb. IS. ■ .. , ~ , ,, ....
---ESTEY. Riding Club: Important meeting of both • old and now members on Thursday, Feb. 12
ME .30 Make-Up eiams: Examinations to P-m. in room 806 of the Union, remove C and I grades in ME 80 ’ tvill be A" those who signed , for tickets or, wish given Saturday, March ,14 at 1 p.m, in'doom Purchase them please bhng mmiey. .Of101 of tho ME buildiiig. Please notify, me ficcra wall be elected. BROWN if interested. . -rUElGER ; , « « “T'lr^n m i
Dattcry Cl: Bneketbnll came Tuesday,
Feb. 10 at 7 p.m. on Court i.
—VOLLMER
Claiiiitid
Exponent Freshmen: Sec notice posted on bulletin board as soon as pollsiblc. /
' ^ rriilER . • Daipes Club: Will hold Alpha Zeta: Meeting of vita! ■importance open house in the Wc.st Faculty Lounge of
Tuesday, Feb. 10. in room 306, of the Un- ‘I*® U"'®" Tuesday, Feb. 1« at7j30ji.m.
iijBap,tist. clergjfinan who held past^rates/jn Missouri, Kansas, and 'Wyomipg. Mrs. Stratton had rccefiliy bcen making her home with h^r daughter. Dean Stratton, at
IPtt? ilavinia Road,
' vin addition tp Dean Stratton, sprinclude a son. Dr. Richard C. $l^^t.tOn( Gieen River, .Wyoming; a 5i$tCi',: Mary Trpxler, Louisv.ille,
|£:i',;,a.nd three brothers, Charles and be Marion Learning Story' Troxler, of Louisville and Beeson, secretary of
^tibiirt Ti’.oxler, of Point Lonia, Cal-
ijEoVnia.
Faneral Tomorrow ,/ rv56nds may call at the Bradshaw t^orkl Home after 2 this after-
S iOh. Funeral services will be held the fiinerai home tomori-oW iRtoriing at 10. Rev. W. H, Nobbel|nk, pa?tor of the Lafayette Bap^Be'cbyrch will officiate. Burial will 'iii Grand View cemetery, t.m.d.
ly twenty .students ivere employed besides the supervisors and between 17,000 and 18,000 acres of grain were inspected for certification. Training will consist of instruction in identifying different hybrids, isolation inspection, detasseling inspection, inspection of foundation stocks and small grain inspection. Instructors for the course will
and. Kellar the Indiana
Corn Grower’s Association, Which sponsors the certification work. All agricultural students who ai-e interested are uiged to attend the school and prepare themselves foi'
a job as seed certification inspectoi*. d.e.b. .
It.
lessor Knight Speaks Enlistment Interviews School leathers For Juniors, Seniors
II Ihstitule last Saturday J7eavly 1,000 teachers from twelve courtties in northw’estern Indiana atttodfed the annual institute held Sat-
To interview college juniors and seniors for possible enlistment in the United State.s Mai-ine Corps, Second Lieutenant Harold Hayes,
Jr. from the Indianapolis recTiiit- i
.. ,, . „ ,, , . . .. ^ . ./ during the past years several cups Ui*tlgy in the Music Hall and the Un- mg center, will be at the University have been awarded
Phi I,iamhda UpsUoit: Short but Impor*
. , ,1 . 1 1 • .1 tant business meetinjr Thursday, Fob. 12, penocls are to be provided in the at 4 p.m. in room 320 of the Chf-mistry field-as well as in the dark room. Bujitimg. _ —BRAnner
The neWly-aiinounced program includes light-sensitive films, exposure of film, laboratory period on exposure, processing the negative, laboratory period on film develop-! meiit, printing and enlarging and a laboratory period on contact printing and use of enlarger. Debris To Present Coed Sales Trophy 1942 Debris is reviving their sales contest between the sororities on campus. Bob Adams, business manager announced that the Debris will present a trophy to the sorority that turns in the most sales receipts between February 9 and 20. Each house is to have one sales representative who will turn in all of the
receipts.
This is the last chance for students to purchase-the remaining Debris at the present co.st of ?6, for 3vith tlie termination of this contest the price will raise to .f5..50. It ha.s been the policy of the Debri.s. to sponsor such a contest and
ion at 7 :30 p. ra. If unabld to attgnd, please notify ^n officer. —SWAIM,; Union Freshmen and- Sophomores T There will be a meetint5 of the Music Room Committee Tuesday, Feb. lO, at 6:00 p. m. in tho Union office. Will the follotving freshman and sophomore workers please Im there: Redwinc, Duffin, Lloyd, Rudolph, Skillman,’ Rubin, Funk, Middour, Luhey, Julius, Fish-
er, and Murphy. —seeburger.
Military Advanced Coui'sc Applicants: There will he an important meeting of all Advanced Course Applicants on tho Armory floor Wednesday, Feb, 11 at 4 p.m,'
—McMAKEN
-VOLLMER
■WAA: All practices must hujn by Friday,! Feb. 13. Two practices required. Tournament begins Monday, Feb. 16.
—SCHUBER
All Girls: Intramural swimming meet Tuesday, Feb. 10 at 7:16 p.m. in tho women's gym. Attendance of all Triton mcmber.s compulsory,. ' ’ —-ROSENCRANS
%
iTjfpe'Prilcrs—Adding S^chlne*, ill; ahld, rented, ropBited, puIrchModi'';
ograph work done. C. J. Ebetshou, pOo.l Lafayette, jPhtme 2779, i Lost: Gold Waltham .watch tWo teeila? ago. Call Simpson, 8801./ for reward." '^ Rooms: One!single BBd one (touble, Glpsjs, to campus. Price reasonable. 332 West Lu^ Aye. ’ ■ -dr Found: Woman's small Grucu 'wrisf: watch. Call A, Topp at 7026. <»'; Lost: Gray. Conklin pen near Arniory .on University. Reward. A. Goodrich. Tcl. 841li'
Lost: Friday, blown foimtain
ker >“61’;’ at or near-
4489. Reward.
8411 Par-
wn fountain pen. ji’arHqrac;:Ec Building. Caijl
; . KI^CP yomr home NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH
THE EATING HOUSE
* ACE PAINTS
FIXTURES — HARDWARE
COMPLftE
John Sperb Hdwe.
KAMPUS KITCHtN
' 822-24 Main St.
- ' —— ;
■ ■ "^TrTTT-^
iBit.- next Friday and Saturday. /-Ih-. F. B. Knight, head of the Di- Enlistment for this .service will Vision of Education and Applied mean a commission of second lieuBsVCbology opened th.e session with tenant in the' Marines reserve on
passing a physical examination. The
a-tshort address, entitled “One preliiclier to Another” in which he gsked six pertinent questions that dVbi'V- teacher inust ask himself in drdtr to succeed as a teacher. '.'“Discipline” was the subject of th^ talk by Dr. T. V. Smith, profesfey of philosophy at the University Of;-Chicago, who returned to the qla^s room ' after serving several tenris in the Illinois State Senate,
present plans allow college men to complete their : schooling before they arc called into active duty. Upon finishing at the Univei’sity, the enlistees will , be sent to .Quantico, 'Va., for a three month train-
ing program.
Many Accepted ■ Approximately 3,000 seniors and 2,000 juniors from schools over the
ifi the. city council of Chicago, arid country have applied for
three terms in the U. S. Congress as
4 Jiiembter from Illinois.
-'. Dr. Willis A. Sutton, superintendent of schools in Atlanta, Ga., was speaker at the luncheon, On the top-
ic,;‘fFaifh of a Teacher.”
dpr. 0. F. Hall presided at the sesr .si'Qn.!in the Hall of Music and Prof. T?,'Gl Hockema at the luncheon. Dr. ^doFgje Davis of the Division of Edpoation and Applied Psychology and
a commis-
sion and have been Accepted. Records, show that about 75 per cent of the applicants pass the entrance
requirements.
Robert L. Denig, Bragadier General of the United States Marine Corps, said “Make no mistake, the training {.s hard, the hours long, but
the reward is great.”;
Those interested in applying for a commi.vsion may sign ' up in the
For Your
in-.f;ha}'ge of teacher placement, was personnel office for ihtdrviews. FB ^^® conference. Books of infoi matioir on the Marine f Entertainment was furnished by Coip.s Reserve outlining informatiift;chpral groups of the Universit.y tjon for candidates about conditions, ^der the direction of Albert P. are available at the personnel of-
Sti’wart. j.t.k. fice. c.f.h.
fHipIt's Brolher-ln-LaWy fialph E. Nowlandr Dies
•Ralph E. Nowland, 64, brother of Ml'S., E. C. Elliott and .son of Mi-s. John,A. Nowland who makes her liOiMc.with President and Mrs. EIIjdft,” died last Thursday suddenly at.Oakland, Calif., and funeral servicia were held Saturday. He was a I9()i2 graduate of the University of .Michiigan and was exploration eiijriBCei: for the Jackling Mining interests of San Francisco. A daugh'ter, Frances, and son, Jack, with the
sisfer and mother survive.
Kappa Delta Pi Cancels dieting Sat For Tonight .Open meeting of Kappa Delta Pi, edudational honorary, scheduled for tonight has been cancelled as Dr. Cr. "E. Davis, director of teacher litofiaing, who was scheduled to speak, ;is unable to be at the meet-
ing. c.k.
RIFLE .MATCH TotfJay, Frhraary 1» 8:30 lo 5 :30 p.m. SIGMA ALPHA -MU SIGMA cm SIGMA NU SIGM8 nil EPSILON SIGMA PI TAU E. .SILON PHI
The previous
winners arid flic new winner with their cups will be brought together in order to have their picture taken
for the Debris.
Any Fre.shman coed on the business stair Who wishes to represent her house may do so and receive credit towards her sophomore status. j.t.k, .. Roscoe Turner To Speak Before Indianapolis ASME Colonel Roscoe Turner, president of the Aeronautical Corporation, will speak before the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at the Indianapolis Athletic Club, parlar A, next Friday at 8' p.m. Colonel Turner will cover the topic of “Aviation in. Defense.” Dinner will be served at 6:30 p.m. for all who wish to attend. Charges for club members will be jil; nonmembers will pay ^1:50. Colonel Turner’s talk Will be oiien to the
public, l.s.
The centennial of Hollins college will bd celebrated ii: of this year.
(Va.) May
NtBROC PAPER TOWELS < None Better Pricej to Suit PHONE 7828 UFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
FINE BAR GRILL
Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
....for her Lady Buxion $2.00 (llostrotod)
Kev-Toinef $1.00 Up
Lody Buxton poclel loatkerwara in ueortett spring colors, 'm several very swagger, very procticol pcilenled designs. Adds llie Finishing Touck to msort ensembles, yet prices are so low (os iitile as $1 (or some .models) that you con give her this losiing holiday remembrance with kitle or no strain on your pocletbooL And it's a gift she’ll reoOy use.
....for h
im
MenS Koy-T<Unar $1.00 Up
"3-WAY" $3.50 Up
Here’s Buxton's oitique polented "3-Way". It's oct«olly three folds in one. Chongeoble ot g momont'r rsotico to tuil bis (Merent needs. The VenoHle portilion k ochjaOy removable — a complete billfold — lust right (or swentng use. Or insert 'rt open side in — tt'l a hideowov for lorge bills, popers, etc,; or opets side up it givo* three lull length compartments, seporoting checirs, bifh, etc. a regular pOcicet file.
Decker’s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
HAVE YOU LOST SOMETHING?
-—Your fraternity or sorority pin, your watch, scarf, or something else of importance?
Save DOLLARS by paying only 25c tor a CLASSIFIED AD in the Exponent. You’ll SAVE money here! The fu'st day is 2c a word and the days after are Ic a word. Keep This In Mind Students!