. v
'^1
li
4 *
Purdue
Exponent Jr "■
Volume 5l» No. 120
5Pf— Tuesday, Fsbnuny'M, IMO
Propaganda' Subject For Discussion Finals Tonight Nine StudentSj Survivors Of 180 , Entries, Meet In Fowler Hall At 7:30 ‘‘Propaganda,” its meaning arid problems, will be the topic discussed V finalists in the concluding round of the all-campus discussion tournament in Fowler Hall at 7:30 tonight. Nine persons, survivors of 180 students entered and representing six fraternities and one sorority, will take part in the discussion tonight; William Nash, ME ’40, will act as moderator. Thirty-four fraternities were or- —
L.S. Winch To Discuss Interview Approach At Meeting Thursday
igmally represented in the tournament, the first of its kind ever held on the campus. Contestants tonight are: Beer and Hamilton, Alpha Chi Rho; Joe Bach and Gerry Van Biema. Sigma Alpha Mu; Albert Silva, Beta Theta Pi; Jim McKillip, Delta Upsilon; Jack Dimond, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; William Wells, Alpha Tau Omega; Jane Fishleigh, Chi Omega. Propaganda Defined Fifteen minutes of the program will be devoted to defining “propaganda,” and the remainder of the hour will consist in ^discussing the problem presented by “propaganda” and its solution. Judges for the discussion will be Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech department; F. J. Murphy, Lafayette attorney; and Robert Horn, of the speech department. Forensic managers Ralph Hultgren and Lucy Demoret have had charge Rf the contest. Trophies will be awarded to the winning fraternity and sorority on the basis of cumulative points received throughout the tournament. Two individual contestants of the nine finalist will also be awarded trophies, and other finalists will receive medals.
*
Plan Dinner In Union For Bovee Tonight Miss Dorothy Bovee, new head of the experimental science group for girls, will be honored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary with a dinner in the old Chestnut Room of the Union building tonight at 6:46 p. m. Miss Bovee has lately come to the campus for the purpose of taking charge of the special science group. She acts as a consultant for the girls who have each had individual conferences with her since her arrival on the campus. Mortar Board, which has sponsored the experimental school since its institution this fall, will take the opportunity of this dinner to become acquainted with Miss Bovee. Cosmo Club Eleds Officers; Name Cerda Nafional Pres. Last week-end the Cosmopolitan Club chose the following officers; National President, Maurice Cerda, Mexico City; National Vice-Presi-dent, Lawrence Hess, Evansville; Corresponding Secretary, Lois Clouse, Hope. The local chapter was elected executive chapter for a period of two years at the convention held in December 1939. Neamers, Gold Peppers EnlerlainAfJoinI Dinner
“Interviews and Interviewing” will be the subject of Professor L. S. Winch of the Speech department at the regular meeting of the Charm School on Thursday, February 29, at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Professor Winch will talk about everything from the proper clothes to wear to an interview to the manner with which one should approach a prospective employer. Questions from students will be answered as to the procedure and etiquette of a business interview. This will be an aid to all classes, since many will need the advice to obtain a summer job. Seniors will be especially interested. Professor Winch is an authority on interviews, since he has held many positions himself before and after going to college. All women enrolled in the University are eligible to attend this meeting. WSGA freshman representatives will be elected after the Gharm School. All freshman co-eds who wish to vote must bring their passports with them. Tau Beta Pi Finishes Open Forum Plans Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, is completing plans for an open forum discussion on the advisability of graduate study for the benefit of all seniors. This meeting, which was suggested by Dean Potter, will be held to present the faculty’s, the. student’s, and industry’s feelings toward advanced education. Eight or ten speakers from the faculty and midwestern industries will give their opinions on the subject and then the meeting will be open for discussion and questions to give students a chance to ask any question that individually interests them. Prof. A. H. Monroe ... head of the University speech departijient, and R. M. Horn, also of the speech department, will address seniors on “Ways of Interviewing an Employer” today at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Stngineering building. Bruce Melvin ... of the Works Progress Administration in Washington, was at the University Saturday, February 24, to confer with Director W. J. Reed, of the agricultural experiment station, on rural housing and the economic status of rural youth.
Members of the Reamer club and , . Gold Peppers, ed athletic booster TrianOle
hojnorary and co-ed athletic honorary respectively, were entertained at a joint chili dinner last night in the Union building before the Pur-due-Iowa basketball game. The dinner arranged on trade dinner idea, was the first of its kind ever held
on the campus.
Robert Frost, Poet, To Speak At Literary Banquet April 16 Robert Frost, professor of poetry at Harvard, will be the speaker at the annual literary banquet'on April 16. Prize winners in the annual literary contest also will be announced. Frost was born in San Francisco in 1876. He received his MA at Dartmouth and Harvard and then moved around the middle west and east from college to college finally gaining a doctor of literature degree and a professorship at Harvard. He won the Pulitzer prize in 1924 and 1930 and also won the Loines Poetry Prize in 1931. Prizes Offered The prizes offered in the literary contest are the George Ade cup for the best play, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, the H. G. Reisner cup for the best short story, the Governoi; Townsend cup for the best informal essay. The English department if offering a 10 dollar prize for the second best informal essay. " Other cash prizes to be awarded are the Dean Howard E. Enders prize of 16 dollars for the best essay on a scientific subject and a second place prize of 10 dollars, and the prizes offered by F. C. Hockema and R. B. Stewart of 16 and 10 dollars respectively, for the lj)est two essays on the history of Tippecanoe county or Indiana. Winterrowd Entries Due Another leading feature of the banquet is the annual award of the W. H. Winterrowd prizes of 100 dollars and 36 dollars for the best libraries collected by seniors. Entries for the Winterrowd contest will be received until Friday. Manuscripts for the contests will be accepted by Professor Paul Fatout until April 10. Tickets for the banquet will be put on sale within three weeks.
Students Will Hear Dr. Kelley Speak At Flying Club Meeting Dr. H. L. Kelley of the University psychology department will talk before an open meeting of the Flying Club tomorrow at 8 p. m., in the reception room of the Union. He will recount his experiences at the Miafiii, Florida, annual light plane maneuvers. The talk will be given from a psychological standpoint with particular attention to the work of the psychology department and its experiments to determine what makes a good pilot. Dr. Kelley graduated from Purdue in 1926. He received his Doctor’s degree at Stanford University and later taught at the University of Hawaii, For five and a half years *he taught at the University of Connecticut. He has been flying for the past three and a half years and is considered an excellent pilot. The regular meeting will be held in the reception room at 7 p. m., in order to dispense with all business before the open meeting. Senate Issues Call For Student Tutors As a follow-up to the announcement last week that Student Senate would attempt to establish a “clearing house” for student tutors, the Senate is today issuing a call for those persons qualified for this type of work. Senate’s experience has indicated a desire for a “gobijtween” for tutor and student, and the fulfillment of this need is their aim at present, according to Fred Elly, junior senator. Interested tutors are requested to leave information regarding their location, experience, if any, and desire for the job at the Senate office', room 360, Union building. Qualifications have not been definitely set, but the jobs will be awarded on the basis of experience, records, and interest in this type of ^wqrk.
Dance Group Will Present ' 0 Libertad Tomorrow American History, from the splendor of the Aztec Indian civilization to the 1940’s ‘‘Mobilization for Peace,” will be the broad subject of the dance-drama, “0 Libertad,”. which Ted Shawn and his male dance group will present tomorrow evening at 8 p. m., in the Memorial Gjonnasium. The program is a regular University convo; all student passports and season tickets will be accepted for admission. The dance group is composed of ■ -
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: John Bruck, Indianapolis; Norman G. Mozley, Indianapolis; Roger Colb, Coal City; Lewis McDonald, Chicago, Illinois, and Edward Czen-
kusch. South Bend.
eight men besides Shawn. Their program is divided into three parts: Past, Present, and Future, all depicting various stages of the development of civilization on the American continent. The first portion opens with a scene at the court of Montezuma, Aztec emperor, and follows through the idea of the impact of Latin-European civilization in this continent until the ’49 gold rush in California. Second-Section The second section of the ballet, entitled “the Present,” opens with a scene typical to any American college campus of the years before World War I. The scene shifts to the battlefields of France, concluding with the return of the disillusioned veteran. Following chronologically is the “Jazz Decade,” and a two-part solo by Shawn, “Depression and Recovery.” The final scene in the “Present” section is the “Mobilization for Peace,” a commentary on pacifist movement in the last decade. The program is conclude’d by a series of dances expressing the emotions of Strife, Love, Death, and Things Beyond Death.
eyes, 50-29 Win Assures Team Of Tie For First In Big Ten Race By Marshall Richards Following an old established custom, the Boilermaker basketball team laid claim' to at least a share of the Big Ten net title by downing Iowa by a 50-29 count in a game at the Fiddhouse last night while the second place Hoosiers were absorbing a 44-26 beating at the hands of Ohio State. A win over either Indiana next Saturday or Illinois on the following Monday will enable the Boilermaker quintet to win their second undisputed title in three years.
Sophomore
. . . Don Blanken lead the Boilermaker scoring last night with 18 points. He was followed by sophomore Forest Sprowl who garnered 13 points. 1,000 Tickets . . . were sold yesterday for the Playshop production “Seventh Heaven,” according to Chuck Hart, Playshop manager. Personnel Sheets . . , may be obtained by seniors at the activities bureau office in the Union. According to activities bureau ofilcials the sheets have proved very useful when applying for jobs. The price is $3.86 for 100 and $4.86 for 200.
Blanken Tops Scoring It was Blanken ag:ain last night, as Don combined seven fields goals with four foul shots to total 18 points to top the scoring for th evening. He was followed in the scoring column by another sophomore, Frosty Sprowl, who copped a total of 13 points. In the first half the Bfeiwkeyes made a real fight of it, and the score was tied seven times in the first 16 minutes of play as Lind of Iowa had a scoring duel with Blanken. With the score netted 18-18 both had accounted for nine points. At this point the announcement that Indiana was trailing at half time put new life into both the local team and the crowd and from then on the boys from the tall com., state dropped behind. Sprowl arched one in, Tierney followed one in, Blanken hit two, and then Sprowl topped off the first half, scoring on a follow in shot to give the Boilermakers a 28-18 lead. Second Half In the second half the Riveters took up right where they left off at the first period. Only sifter four minutes of play in this half did Iowa’s star Siegel get his only points of the game, another tribute to the sterling defensive play of Fred Beretta, who watched the Hawkeyes’ high scorer so closely that he rarely got a decent chance at the hoop. A few minute later Siegel came out with three personals and Beretta soon followed hint to the bench, his take for the evening accomplished. The final minutes of play saw several of the reserves getting into the game and showing they could handle the situation. In the waning minutes of play the crowd began their usual demands for fifty points and with the score at 48 to 29 Sprowl put the finishing touches on a perfect evening for the crowd by tossing in a beautiful shot back over his head to move the final score to the final count, 69-29. The backboard work of Kuhn and Prasse were the main thorns in the Boilermakers’ side during most of (Continued on page 2)
Tea Dance Will Feature Ellington Recorded music of Duke Ellington and other prominent orchestras will be featured at a tea dance this afternoon from 4 to 5:30 in the old ballroom. Admission is free. This tea dance, sponsored by the Student Union, is the second of the current semester. Phi Psi Alumni Elect John Alexander, BS ’33, was elected president of the Indianapolis Alumni Association of Phi Kappa Psi at a dinner meeting of the organization last week at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. The meeting was in observance of the 88th anniversary of the founding of the fraternity at Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania. Alexander was editor-in-chief of the ’33 Debris and a member of Iron Key, Skull and Crescent, Sigma Delta Chi and Gimlet.
Summaries Of Big Ten Net Encounters
INDIANA’S “OUT” Indiana’s hopes of sharing the conference championship was kicked all over the state of Ohio last night over at Columbus when the Buckeyes, led by Mickelson, walloped the Hoosifers 44-26. The half score was 21-15, Ohio State. In leading his squad to victory, Mickelson hit the hoop for seven and one, 16 points in all. Indiana is now “out” of the race. CHI SCARES ILLINI Up at the Midway last night the University of Illinois basketball squad received the score of their ' career—and also the thrill. With five seconds left to play in the lUiniChi game and the score 40-40 all, Bill Hapac posed far out on the court and let fly a long arching shot that dropped through the net for a two point mini win. Hapac led the scoring of the evening with five baskets and eight fouls for 18 points. WISCONSIN DOWNED Clever ball handling on the part of the Minnesota basketball team enabled the Gophers to defeat the
Wisconsin cagers last night in the Minnesota fieldhouse 44-39. Don Carlson led the winners with five baskets and eight fouls, while the Wisconsin team was led by ^glund with five baskets and nine free throws, for 19 points. MICHIGAN WINS 39-34 Northwestern’s Wildcats met stubborn resistance and lost 39-34 at Ann Arbor last night and were so surprised that they forgot to score until the final half of the game between the Northwestern club and the Michigan five. Michigan jumped to an early lead of 14 points to N. U.’s single basket and a foul, but the visitKog Northwestern outfit foimd itself before the last minutes of the initial half end to bring themselves within shouting range of the small Wolverines. The half ended 14-9, Michlgent At this point Dick Klein, North-v western’s leading scorer went to work scoring 14 points to assist team in coming within five points of sending the contest into an ov«|v time.1HE FOBDtJE EXPONENT
Tuesday. Febraary 2S, 1940
£jthak, ^diiL^
BfHnklfllbr
6:30 a. m. WLW—MTWThPSa 6:56 WBBM—MWP 7:00 WBBM—MTWThPSa (6) WLS—WTWThPSa WCPL—Sa 7:16 WLW—MTWThPSa (1) WBBM—TThSa 7:46 wiRE—MTWThPSa WPBM—MTWThPSa 8:00 WBBM—S WGN—MTWThPSa 8:16 WLS—MTWThPSa 8:40 WMAQ—MTWThP 8:46 WLW—MTWThPSa WIND—MTWThPSa 9:00 WOWO—MTWThP 9:30 WLW—S 9:45 WCPL—S 10:00 WPBM—Sa WBBM—SaS WLW—Sa 10:16 WLS—^ 10:30 WIND—MTWThP 10:46 WLS—MTWThPSa WBBM—S 11:16 WGN—MTWThPSa WIND—Sa 11:30 WCPL—MTWThPSa WLW—MTWThPSa 11:45 WLS—MTWThP 12:00 M WIND—MTWThPSa WCPL—MTWThP 12:16 p. m. WOWO—MTWThPSa WPBM—MTWThP ' WIRE—S 12:30 WBBM—S WLW—Sa 12:46 WIND—MTWThP WMAQ—MTWThP WIRE—Sa WGN—S 1:15 WLS—MWP 1:30 WBBM—Sa WPBM-S 2:00 WCPL—MWThP WLS—Sa 2:30 WBBM—MTWThP WLW—Sa 2:46 WLS—MTWThPSa 3:00 WGN—MTWThPSa 5:00 WCPL—WThP WLW—Sa 5:10 WLW—MWP 5:26 WENR—MTWThP 5:30 WBBM—MWP (4) WIND—WThP WPBM—ThP (4) 6:46 WBBM—MTWThPSa (6) WLW—MTWThP (3) WIRE—S 6:00 WBBM—MTWThPSaS WPBM—TWTh 6:15 WLW—MTWF (1) 6:30 WGN—MWThP (7) WMAQ—MTWThP WLS—TWSa 6:46 WGN—S 7:00 WCPL—WThPSa 7:46 WIND—TWThP WGN—Sa
Dr. F.B. Knight
Several requests have come our vmy, requesting that we print a . schedule of'the news broadcasts' that are on the air with time and station. Following is said list . . < ftir from complete and as accurate as is humanly possible to make it since programs are constantly changing. Numbers following station and days, (1), indicate who is the commentator or name of the program and listings will be found at the bottom of the list.
... director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, along-with professors Davis, Dodds, Remmers, Ryder, O’Shea, Kelly and Morgan will attend the ^nnual meeting of the National Edncation Association in St. Louis this week.
A/pAa Phi Omega
. . . Boy Seout honorary fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Paul E. Pontis, Kentland; Robert S. Stemberger, Indianapolis; Robert H. Weaver, Elkhart; Stanley A. Widman, New Albany; and Howard E. Zuvers, Hammond.
diinL OMit 3KtUL
By Georgann Schilling
A glance at the social calendar shows that the full program of midwinter formals is about over. Informality will rule in the Union ballrooms for the ndxt two week-ends —on Friday night when Duke Ellington plays for the Union “Informal” dance, and on the following Friday when “Warpy” Waterfall swipgs out for the Gold Pepper’s dance.
H&H
Vogue and Company are featuring khaki cloth for spring styles. If Just to be in the spirit of the war we suppose. Anyhow, khaki is being used for hats, bags, belts, scarves, and even spring coats. Its favorite color mate is olive green with black running a close second.
H&H
Conventions pour out pretty amazing things these days. Not the least of which is a new doctrine for repairing athletes, news of which comes straight, from the caucus rooms of the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers.
H&H
The idea is that an athlete, or others suffering from physical exertion brought on by muscular boogie-woogie, can be rid of that awful thing quickly, painlessly, and without benefit of surgery by uSe of a variety of canned heat, definitely unfit for drinking purposes. The research fellows have built a machine to produce saturated heat. Saturated heat can be brewed up pretty quickly if > the athlete gives audible vent to his discomfort. There are only 20 of these heat machines in existance, and only 262 patients have been used to test the apparatus so far.
H&H
On and on until we realize how activities are carried on in this old world. Take the business of eating, for example. In India, one starves for the good of all; in Germany, all starve for the good of bne. Variety!
7:55 WBBM—MTWThPSa (6) 8:00 WGN—MWTh WENR—S 8:30 WGN—MTWThPSaS (8) 8:46 WCPL—Sa 9:16 WGN—ThP WIND—TWP 9:46 WBBM—TThS 10:00 WLW^MTWThPSaS (2) WHAS—MTWThPS (6) WIRE—TWP WBBM—S 10:15 WBBM—MWP WPBM—ThP 11:00 WBBM—MTWThPS (6) WGN—SaSThP WMAQ—W 12:00 WBBM—MTWThPSaS ' 12:26 WLW—MTWThPSaS 12:65 " WBBM—MTh 1/1:30 WBBM—STWP 1:45 WBBA—Sa (1) Michael Hinn; (2) Peter Grant; (3) Lowell Thomas; (4) H. V. Kaltenborn; (5) Paul Sullivan; (6) Today in Europe; (7) Captain Herne; (8) Quinn Ryan. May we suggest that you cut this out and hang it up by your radio and check your favorites.
Briefs
by Clarence
Personnef
Union SopiKunorM: Qiir comwittee pleftfle in^ in Ualdtt Wfi# at 4 p. nt. ' Jsi ' . ■ - <
Clarence is feeling very good today. Early yesterday morning our radio, which will put out WBAA only on a clear day (an empty; a6htray we have will do better than that), came through with a $an Francisco Station’s broadcast. Ether Edits please copy. * 1)1 >('
COMPANY: The Union Special Machine Company, manufacturers • of industrial sewing machines, Chicago, 111. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. C. G. Kopplin, production manager. Mr. Kopplin is interested in employing engineers interested in the desi^,of intricate parts for high speed machinery; pro^ui^iOn and time study work, and Sales engineering. Those interested, sign up in the main office of their school.
And then a fellow member of the student organization got us a ticket for the Indiana game on What corresponds with a 50 yard line. What’s more, it’s in the first row, main floor.
Feeling so good that we’ll postpone the throwing of a group of tomatoes at those departments of instruction in this here University that arrange courses so that important formulas come several weeks before a test, giving students plenty of time to f orget them. . ,
CQMPANY: The Simmons Company, Kenosha, Wisconsin, manufacturers of befis, springs, studio couches, and steel furniture. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. L. L. Partridge, assistant to the general manager. VISITING PURDUE: Soon, to interview engineering Seniors for the company’s development and engineering department.
It’s not often that freshmen ask us upperclassmen a question that can .be answered, except by “Doc” Martin. But yesterday morning two freshmen came in with a question. Sneaking into the closet, Clarence flipped his three sided coin (since there were three feasable answers). The coin came up “feet” as contrasted to heads or tails.
P.I.A. Dance Class: The first class Vrill be held in the Women’s Gym Thursday evening, February 29, at 7 p. m. Bring your PIA membership card and dance class card. —LUTZ.
Purdue Horticulture Society: Special short business meeting, Wednesday, February 28, at 4:16 in Horticulture: Auditorium. Attendance compulsory. —PRANTZBEB.
Gala Week Committee : Meet in room 261 of Union at 4 p. m., Friday, March 1; —ARCHIBALD.
Eta Kappa Nu: Personnel sheets may be obtained in the Electrical Engineering office. (2-29) —KBEIN.
Darned if the same freshmen weren’t back again last night. The answer was right.
. PIA Board: Important meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 7:16 p. m. in the PIA office. Attendance compulsory. r-HINSHAW.
Haven’t felt so good since the time we bought a ’29 Chevrolet for $15 and drove to Indianapolis. That was the day we found our wallet containing three assorted buttons, half a cigarette, and eight dollars in stamps.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Short meeting of all sophomore co«eds at 4 Tuesday, February 27, in Exponent office to plan for Wednesday, night’s co-ed edition. All sophomore co-eds plan to work Wednesday, February 28, at 4 p. m. I —SCHILLING.
Debris Sophomores and Freshmen: Photography staff report at the new dark room every afternoon. (2-29) ■ . —DYER.
Catalyst Pledges: Important meeting in room 803 in chemical and metalurgical building, Tuesday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
And then later we broke the rear axle and sold the car for $16, We saw the same car the other day, identified by two three and one quarter inch rips in the left front fender and a four inch cut in the right rear tire, for sale again.
Battery A-2: Basketball game in the Fieldhouse Tuesday, February 27, at 8 p. m. on court 3. Players be dressed by 7:30 p. m. —SCHILLING.
Engineer Workers : Following men report to me at the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 28: Hawkins, Hussey, Shooter, Salzer, Beiser, Shepardson. —GALE.
Price: $20.00.
Dolphins: Short meeting Thursday, February 29 at 4 p. m. at the pool. -HARRIS.
Notices
No noticM will bo oeeepted after 8 p. as.
Purdue Sports Women: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 5 p. m. in WAA office. ' —MATHER.
Skull and Crescent: There_ will be no Cotillion meeting at the Phi Delt house February 29. —^BELLES.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, Feb^ary 29, instead of tonight. There will be a speaker at that time. ‘ . —MILLER. WAA Tournament Schedules: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ping po^, are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. 3-1 —HOLDEN.
WAA Basketball: Women’s Gym, Tuesday, February 27, 4 p. rri.. Alpha Xi vs. Wards 2 and 4; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 1. 6 p. m., WRH North 2 vs. Thaeles; Ward 1 vs Pi Phi. Thursday, February 29, 4 p. m. Alpha Chi vs. WRH South 2; Thi^es vs. Phi Mu. Friday, March 1, 4 p. m. League Semi-finals. Winners league A vs. winners league B. Winners league C vs. winners league D. —BRI'TTON.
Senior Military: An'^ examination will be given in Room 202 Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 27, for those students having a “C" grade in Military History and Policy. Students concerned will get a University Form 97 from the Adjutant’s^ Office and pay the required fee at tke Registrar’s Office. / —PICKERING.
English and Speech Conditions: Bxaminations for removal of condHions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
DANCE CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs. Feb. 29, 7:30 p. m. Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S «d.«.4r«xT
IMPORTANT
TO ALL STUDENTS WEARING
GLASSES
Do you know that broken lenses can be replaced without a prescription by testing even a small piece of the broken lense.
QUICK SERVICE
Glasses left with us before 10:00 in the morning will be returned by 5 o’clock in the aftemoo^ of the same day*
Glasses for repair may be left at either our east side store, 434 Main Street or our "West Lafayette store in Southworth’s Book Store.
GERRY MOHLMAN
434 Main Street Lafayette
308 State Street West Loic^tte
Co-eJ^ BwinMnen: All girta liaj^ictpating in the telegraphic meet must attend practice Tneaday, February 27, at 4 p. m. Medical examinations will be given. V \ V ■ -SPEARS.
All Sophomores: Interested in sophoinbre baseball managerships report to Fieldhouse
Tuesday, February 27,
Union Workers: Will the sophomore and freshman Browsing Room staffs pleafle meet in the room next to the Student Union office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, February 28., —HAMMAN.
Military Basketball; Participants to mil, itary btisketban tournhinent Arei r^tog« to consult iritra-murhi court bm how ule Tuesday, Febniary 27. Gafees stoirt At -LARE.
Flyinff Club : Begular busineSB meeting Wednesday, Febi^^ 28, at 7 p. m., in the reception rpoin of the tjnion. Iininediateiy foUoWihg the meeting will be opened to allfOrata(kbyDr.N.^^^^
Student Engineering Conncil: Meeting in Dean Potter’s Office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, February 28. ^ . —CATTEBALL.
WAA Riflery: A list of class team meb^ bers and class schedules is posted on bulletin board of ®e 'V?oinen> Gym. tournaments are Ttoesdgy, Februaw 5 Thursday, February 22 : and Tuesday, February 27; shooting from 7 to 8:89 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these nights in order to wet WAA pototo and numerals. —HARRISON.
Senior Tactics; War department training on the “Tactical Employment of the Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment’’ and "Machine Gnus in the Attack’’ will he' shown in room 104 of the Armory on Friday, February the 28 and February 28 at 4 p. m. Attendance for senior military studento is optional; others interested are also invited. . —THOMPSON.
Interfraternity Rifle: Interfraternity rifle matches to continue until Friday, March 1, at 5 :30 p. m. , —SMITH.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. in Union. Inquire west desk for room number; ^CARPENTER.
Christian Science Organization; Regular meeting will be held in room 808 of the Union, Tuesday, February 27, at 7 ;80 p. m. —KNIPP.
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Coulter Hall. —BEHRENS.
A Ph A: Important meeting Tuesday,' February 27, at 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Pharmacy building. Be there ! —OSBURN.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economies and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m.. room 808. in the Recitation Building. Aimlibatibn must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8.
1 —ESTl
-ESTEY.
MADS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
EXTRA
ROBERT BLENCHLY in 'SEE YOUR DOCTOR'
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
NOT TO BE KISSED ...... ... and ForgoHen-—
ilMilil MM WQMM
Iha^iiI
NOW SHOWING
THE AUTHOR OF THE CITADEL' turns Ms pen oh tin nursine profession in a treat new lo«a drama! cMioiiulinBiinii
RADIO with picture MIEN MITCHELL* ROBERTCOOTE BRENDA FORBES • PETER CUSHIN8
IT'S FIRST RUN-
E E Seniors: Memberabip in AtBE niu*t be applied fob prior to Maboh 1st iii order to take advantage Of the , 10 doUar^ saving ution appHcatJen of Associate grade Of membeslehip as an alumnns. (2-28) \ -^NITSOHE.
KaFpa fielta Pi meeting Tnesday, Februaty 27, ih room F of Unitm building. There ’Will he a panel discussion On ‘Extracurricular 'activities.” Attendance oompui--BBObY.
Undergraduate Dames:, Businese meeting . Tuesday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. in room 805 of the Union. . —DKNZLEB.
PIA Dance Class: First meeting Thursday, Febrimby 29, at 7 p, m. to the Women’s Gjtor/ Must have dance tickets and membershti) Sards. ■f'/ ' —LUTZ.
'5 Vi
PIA Dance Class: First meeting Wednesday, February 28, at 7:00 in Women’s Gym. Must have dance tickets and membership cards. —CARL LUTZ.
NYA Workm; Checks are now availaWee^e Cashier’s Office In the IBbrecutiye 2-27 ■ —HOLLENSBE.
Classified
. Musicians: Wanted for Studept Dance Band. Gall Bob Trueman, 8421 tryout.
It« SALl
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes,; standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Suppliea. C. F. Ebmhoff, 605 Main street.
V 1
Radio-Phonograph combination, and record collection. Only $16.00. Call Staley, 2640.
LOST AND FOUND
Lost—^Alpha Chi Omega pin in Union building; Reward. Phone 45892.
Lost—^Elgin wrist watch in Fieldhouse. Please return to 316 W Gary Hall, South. Reward.
Lost—Good reward for information leading to return of White Gold Bulova wrist watch. J. D. Bryan, Phone 81764. No questions asked.
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
niartM
... Thu fuimlMt tMin of.gridiron l«v«n Riot •v«r ployed for lowglnl
PLUS—2nd Hit "MaisieV' Back in Damon Runyon's Hilariofjs Saturday Evening Po t Storyl
with Ann 80THERN Lqwl* STONE
Walter BRENNAN
OA!
William OARGAN ManluHNNT*TomNE4i
'*1>*1
7T
'K'J'VJ i^','; s»-ViV. i. ■fl ! ^ ^ " W " I' U %»<#' i ^ -f ^ ' <. J / f < , - * i ^ ^ ^ ^ . \ ^ y ' . ^ ^ ' t , ^ ^
V *f ) -,
4 4Z 4 i-, J. -> iLi-- fl rZ-^fM4‘^
f 4'
M
7m^day, Pebxtimy HWw i§40
£xptomnL Spo^ fiaijSL
Archery Continues In Spite OfWeather
After Imving been closed duringf iiikalB and the first part of the second semester, the archery rttnge in the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse was opened again two weeks ago j fot indoor practice. The range, which is open to male students, is 25 yards long and is equipped with 42 inch standard targets. ^ £!xperienced Instructor Art Gray, highly experienced archer, is on hand daily from 4 until 6 p. m. to supervise the shooting and instruct bbginners, and all necessary equipment is fmmished by the University. A team of ten men to represent Furdue in the Big Ten indoor postal archery matches is in the process of formation, with a few berths on ( the team still open. These will probably be filled shortly; so anyone desiring to try out for a place on the team should do so as soon as possible.
UniversHy Co-eds Swim Thursday In Telegraphic Meet With Northwestern
Princeton University has a copy of the “Rubaiyat” of Omar Khayyam printed in 1463.
The Tops in Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
JhsL UniofL (RoomA.
Signify
CONVENIENCE at your FINGER-TIPS
cc
Telephones 9io Baths Meals
Entertainment
E
JhiL fiWutuSL WsmifiLoL UnJbfL
The Comer of the CampaeYH the Center of AcUviUes
Boilermakers Defeat
(Continued from page 1)
University co-eds will participate in a Telegraphic swimming meet with Northwestern to be held i^t the Women’s gymnasium on February 29, and March 6. The meet is a national contest in which each group swims in its own pool ahd telegraphs the results to the authorities in charge. The winner is then determined from the tabulations of these results. Some of the contesting groups in the past years have been Butler, Minnesota, Chicago, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Indiana universities. Each group is limited to fifteen swiihmers and each swimmer is eligible for only three events. To enter the meet eight practices of one-half hour are required. Those practices obtained in preparing for the past intramural meet may count toward the goal. Northwestern holds most of the records at present. With entrants such as Lorraine Bemis, who holds records closely comparing to the national, Purdue has hopes of winrang.
the game. Football fans will remember Prasse as the great end of the Iowa football team which has twice kept the Boilermakers from the Big Ten grid crown. Frosh Play Between halves of the game picked teams of freshmen netters played a practice game, giving the fans a chance to get acquainted with some of the future stars of the Boilermaker basketball teams. Summaries:
Riveter Wrestleis Tie Northwestern
PURDUE Igney, f, Tierney, f. Sprowl, f. Caress, f. Fisher, c. Blanken, g. Yeager, g. Conrad, g. Beretta, g. Chapman, g. Neutzel, g.
FG FT 2 1
After gaining a 14-14 tie with Ifhe Northwestern matmen at Evanston last Saturday, the Boilermaker wrestlers returned home Sunday to begin preparations for the return match with the Wildcat grapplers Saturday night immediately following the Indiana-Purdue basketball game. Both teams gained four victories and four losses in the Saturday meet, with close decisions following each match. Captain Willey, Andersojn, Frlederickson, and Papurca were successful in the matches with the Purple, while Linderman, Montgomery, Aronson, and Camperman lost close matches to their Wildcat opponents.
19 12 14
IOWA Lind, f Hill, f. Siegel, f. Wheeler, f. Kuhn, c Evens, c. Prasse, g. Fountain, g. Haisha, g. Siglin, g. Soderquist, g
FG FT 4 2
The complete summary: 121 pounds—^Anderson, P, threw Halhster, NW. 128 pounds—^Frederickson, P, defeated Glucherr, NW. 135 pounds—Greening, NW, defeated McMillan, NW. 166 pounds—^Willey, P, defeated Bartron, NW. 165 pounds—Fergeson, NW, threw Montgomery, P. ^ 176 pounds—^Trubey, NW, defeated Aronson, P. Heavyweight—^Vavrus, NW, defeated Camperman, P.
I-M Schedules
BASKETBALL GAMES TONIGHT
Court 1 7 00—S-1 vs F-4 7 16—H-1 vs E-4 8 00—A-1 vs D-4 8 15—B-1 vs C-4
10 9 16
Dean H. f. Enders
Court 2 7 00—C-1 vs B-4 7 16—D-1 vs A-4 8 00—E-1 vs H-4 8 16—F-1 vs S-4
... of the school of science, has returned from Chicago where he attended the meeting of the Progressive Education Association.
Court 8 7 00—S12 vs F 3 7 16—H-2 vs E-3 8 00—A-2 vs D-3 8 16—B-2 vs C-3
Court 4: 7 00—C-2 vs B-3 7 16—D-2 vs A-8 8 00—E-2 vs A-3 ^ 8 16—F-2 vs S-3
HIS MASTER’S VICE IS.. SQUiUMIM
HE'S NEVER HEARD OF
Jojgheu UN DERWEAR
50*=, '
Priced from
per garment
out of the social dog-house and acquire poise with Jockey. Patented Y-Front construction provides masculine support. No bulk, no bind, and no squirming. Buttonless, easy to launder, needs no ironing. The famous brand of support underwear advertised in Saturday
Evening Post, Collier's, Life,
and Esquire. Varied leg lengths, shirts to match. Come in today and get yours. Originated and manufactured by
lOCB&HBMECOMMMIY
Boilermaker Squashmen Win Two Southern Tilts
ipMiiiii*
Last Saturday afternoon, the Bofleitndher s^naslt rackets team hit its stride and bowled over two Kentucky of^pcoieitts, the Fort Emox officers and the Pendennis Club of Loidsvine. The army team was defeated 5-0, and the Louisvpe club lost to coach Clevett's Boilermakers to the tune of 4-1. Both matches were contested at Louisville.
Lion's Club To Fete Basketball Squad At Annual Dinner
By Rolfe Jenkins
Even years are the best years, or^ so it seems for CoaSh Ward Lambert and his perennial Big Ten basketball contenders, who will be honored at the annual Lafayette Lions Club Banquet, Tuesday, March 6. Almost invariably the Gold and Black teams back up their claims to the title in even years, as weU as in occasional odd years, by windmg up on top of the ,ten-way ra^e for Western Conference basketball supremacy. At this, undoubtedly the most speculative stage of the 194Q conference campaign, the championship remains undecided and the Riveters have two more chances to appear on the hardwood before the final standings are determined. Ticket Sale At this stage, also, tickets for the banquet which will be held on the evening after the game at Illinois are on sale at Southworth^, Decker’s, Deac’s and the Union desk. They are priced at $1.10. No Routine Affair This banquet promises to be more than a routine affair, as already the Boilermakers have built up a more impressive record than they did a year ago. Last year’s team won six games and lost six. Between now and the banquet one week from today the Boilermakers will meet Indiana m a return game here Saturday and attempt to atone for the earlier loss, then travel to Champaign Monday night for the second game against the Illini. Another Champion? Local citizenry and Umversity students may be feting another championship Lambert team at that banquet, so interest in the last two days of battle is keen enough to
In the afternoon, the Gold and Bleck defeated the Fort Knox team, 5-0, with every Purdue player winning his match. In the evening, the LouisviRe team was easily defeated as was the Purdde afternoon opponmit, this time by the score of 4-1. Adams was the only Purdue player to loose in the evening performance. o Scoring The everang scores are as follows: Captain Eherhard won his match 3-0, Blessing took his match 3-1, Mann turned an identical score 3-1 win, and Morley was pushed the hardest to wm by the score of 3-2.
Athletic Carnival Will Feature Frosh Scrap
That event of events on the Interfratemity sports calendar, the annual athletic carnival to be held March 13, will feature several added attractions this year—and not of the Donald Duck type either. Secrecy surrounds this announcement because the details of the big event, the “Debris” FraternityFreshmen Scramble, will not lie disclosed until 8:30 on carnival night. Greeks are advised, however, to select the toughest, most agile, and best looking of their pledge crew, clothe him in cast-offs, feed him a plus-four ration of Treaties, and breathe a little prayer for his welfare if they hope to place in this event.
As a reward, the lucky man coming out on top -will be able to present his fraternity with a copy of the 1940 “Debris” with the chapter name gold-emblazoned on the front cover.
keep both team and fans on edge for the ensuing week.
Assisting Chairman Ed. P. Degering on a special committee in charge of the banquet are Russell Davis, Frank Pox, Herbert O. Meyer, W. M. Morgan, and W. T. Scanlon.
the Purdue Eicponeul
Service Directory
• ProfeNionel
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAIA. A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK 4th fr AAoln PhofM 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V^i Vino W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowera Mam at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST m 522 Main St. Phone 4741 LAFAYETTE. INDIANA
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Prices 822 AAain Phone 2177
• Jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrisjt 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dine
COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. Sc eii lour copp« SckH
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 1040 || , /
We opened tffls week's mail and all we found were some eontribs that have a negative value, but things are desperate so here they are. —B&B— Dear B & B Ed: I think that it is the duty of the Bold and Black Dept, to take action against things that shouldn’t be and for things that ain’t, but should be. In this particular instance I want you to go to bat for a girl that ain’t, but wants to be. In case you are having trouble in following me, I simply want you to do something for Mary Mangold that will benefit the rest of the co-eds. It seems a shame that she can’t get a man of her own and persists in engaging the attentions of everyone else’s interests. Why don’t you start a “Find Your Love” department and give Mary a little help? Just so I won’t appear too catty I admit that she has some good points (that will interest men) so PLEASE help the Purdue co-eds by taking some action. A Disgruntled Co-ed —B & B— Dear Disgruntled: We hate to turn you down in time of need, but the B&B Dept, can’t afford to stick its neck out in this case. Our only suggestion is for you to handle your own man and
let the rest of the co-eds take care of theirs. Personally it would seem to us that you are,,, worrying unnecessarily anyway ... or is your man spending his time and money on Mary, too? The Ed. —B & B— Lost, Strayed, Or Stolen: Cute Southern blonde in or around the Gun Club. Answers to the name of Honey. Finder please return to the KDR house. No questions asked. REWARD. P. S.: Hogue doesn’t seem worried, but the rest of the brothers are sorrowing. Agent 999 —-B & B— . . . and from the Debris office comes the news of a salesmen contest. The yearbook is offering cash prizes to the salesmen selling the most books. Bus. Mgr. Dick MeNeil has announced that he will be in his office every afternoon to make sales ... we can’t figure out whether Mae is ouf for the cash prize himself, or is this just another gag to get coeds to come in and see him ? —B & B — The Delta Gams are off to a super start in their cut-throat career . . . the Thetas and’ Kappas have hinted that the Co-ed Capers Contest was fixed . . . never fear girls, there is always rush next year. —B & B— For Mr. Vallely, Union manager, AVe have some very disheartening news. With all t^e new furniture around the Union there still seenxs to be a shortage. Things must be bad when John Rice, John Due and Jean Ann McClintock have to sit on the floor of the hall to hold a conversation ... of course floors do let down the bars of conventionality, my children.
Co-eds Only By Anne Beard Well, we managed to swarm through the remnants left by the imports and find our way back here . . . Soo here begins another week with snow still on the ground, but the spring in the aii^ makes things look more cheerful. Even in the library yesterday afternoon, I noticed the worms were turning . . .
Tch, tch, ’tis a far cry from the other day, when I heard the pitiful pleadings of an ed for a date, to an all male bum room, in, the tower . . Too bad that they cun’t make their minds up . . . How about it, girls ? —c-o— Definitely, there should be three cheers and a hoorah for the gals that put over the Co-ed Capers . . . We’re all hoping that the idea will be continued each year. , —e-o— Glancing at the calendar ’twould appear that both eds and co-eds will have to be on their toes with the Union Informal and Co-ed Bid dances in the offing . . . Since talking is our next best forte we have proof that all discussions by the feminine contingent aren’t futile and nonsensical as Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta are still represented in the Propaganda group. C-O— In the line of fashion notes that have appeared on campus have you noticed those cute, frilly, batiste blouses that perk one’s wardrobe up.
The Book
that tells the story of-— ddwjtJmSu
Find Yourself in any of fhe following acfiyifies groups—
Activities Bureau Agriculturist Concert Choir Debate Team Debris Engineer
Exponent Glee Club Independent Pharmacist Piayshop Student Senate
Union University Choir University Orchestra W. B. A. A. W. S. G. A. Council
mo
CDub/uA. CompJsdsL (fampuA. Coo&haqsL
mo
HI
iRE’S how Crown
Service does more for yoii!
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Aloth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one. Crown Laundry r~l W E C L E A W E R S OF FINE CLOTHES
But ^ Incidentally— By Romanoff OPEN LETTER TO DELTA GAMMA Dear Gals: First you sneak on the campus _at the expense of 38 fraternities who, for years, have ended their beer parties to the tune of “There Are No Delta Gammas At Purdue,” then you run off with top honors at Co-ed Capers with a take-off on the Russians . .. Petrov doesn’t like it . . . Vladimir doesn’t like it . , . Serge doesn’t like it. . . I dislike it very much . . . All we can say is we hope your house bills go up . . .
Our best fraternity brother likes beer . . . For the last five nights in a row he’s wandered in after 2 a. m. screaming at the top of his lungs about “Old Party Night.” We accused him of burning his candle at both ends . .
Purdue Exponent
R. B. faudcgr ... Bditor-la-Clficr W. B. Smith BiuineH BfuiacMr D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, ttaaaging: editor; B. M. Antcinini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written br the editorial director. • - Entered as second ,elaaa matter at tho post otBoe In Latagette, Indiana, under the a«t of Congresa of Xareh S, 1879, and at the speolal rate of postaga prvHdad tor in section 1108, a^ of October 8, 1917, antiterlaed lannary M, 1922. Published daily except Uonday during tim regolar academic year and weekly daring the Sununer Scenion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail anhscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, McKee Ass’t. Night Editor, Fletcher Day Editor, Simpson Tuesday, February 27, 1940.
Yesterday we went in his room to puff q cigarette and saw, hanging from a wire, the candle ... Burned at both ends.
We’re inspired to send this one to Confucius for proper expression in campus terminology . . .
Chesterfield’s Twin Pleasures are Ilea/AfMness _ and better msie You can’t mistake the extra pleasure you get from Chesterfields. Because of their right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos, Chesterfields give you a cooler, better-tasting and definitely milder smoke. You canH buy a better cigarette
; definitely MILDEI? Cigarette
Copytight 1940, Liggbtt te My£rs Tobacco Co,