Co-eds Take Over Publishing Today
z>i»
Founded In 1889
DeNy Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 162
WoBt Lofc^ette, Indiana
Co-eds, Enlist Noir In Volunteer Work
Tuesday, April 22, 1941
Volunteer Work Takes Spotlight' AAUW To Honor Seniors At Dinner This Evening Lafayette Branch of the American Association of University Women, Gold Peppers, junior women’s honorary, and the Women’s Placement Service will sponsor a conference on “Opportunities for Women in Volunteer Jobs” this evening at a dinner session in the south ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30. Approximately three hundred persons are expected to attend this conference which is the first of its kind ever held on any campus. Annual Dinner According, to - its annual custom, AAUW has invited all senior women to the dinner and the meeting which is particularly timely as an emphasis on opportunities for women’s contributions to the defense program. Senior women who are unable to attend the dinner, are urged to attend the meeting. A booklet is being made ready for distribution to the seniors and AAUW members containing articles describing the organization and activity of varidus volunteer organizations which offer volunteer opportunities for women workers in their ranks. The booklet carries an introduction by President E. C. Elliott and Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management. Presidertt Presides Miss Vera Schaaff, president of the AAUW, will preside at the meeting. The welcome to the senior women will be made by Dean Mary L. Matthews, and Paula Zwierlein will respond for ^ the guests. Dr. Gilbreth will have as the subject of her talk the theme of the evening, “Opportunities for Women in Volunteer Jobs.” Dean Dorothy Stratton will speak on “And Now What,” in regard to college women’s responsibility in . volunteer work. “What We Can Do in Our Own Community” will be summarized by Dr. Louise Meikle, Dr. M. L. Mattson, Miss Jean Harvey, Mrs. H. C. Verweibe, aAd Dean Matthews. They will explain volunteer work in welfare, civic, health, church and girls’ leadership organizations. EmerickAnnounces^ New Musical Ranks For Band Members According to an announcement by Professor P. S. Emrick, director of the University bands, R. A. Krull has been appointed Master Musician, the highest musical rank of the band. ^ Other promotions made at this time include: J. M. Hannon, chief musical; E. J. Mundorf, Superior Musician; R. M. Patterson, Principal Musician; G. C. Huffman, R. R. Brown, W. C. Lindstrom, H. L. Smith, and R. James—-Musician. The complete list of those appointed to musical ranks includes: Master Musicians: H. A. Todd, P. E. Hassler, R. A. Krull—Chief Musicians; C. R. Watson, J. M. Hannon, M. H. Smith—Superior Musicians; C. B. Gaugh, R. D. Martin, P. J, Leinninger, R. A. Sprenger, P. J. Fenn, D. E. Haines, R. K. Cast, A. cl Plackbert, and E. J. Mundorf. Principal Musicians: J. C. Martin, R. H. Schnell, C. G. Moon, C. 6. Yates,” N, L. Downing, R. J. Goers, E. D. Nordsiek, R. B. Clifford, P. T. Hemlerj and P. M. Patterson. Musicians: V. D. Lawhead, W. E. Broyrn, P. C: Johnson, W. J. Frantz, D. C. Ross, G. "C. Huffman, J. M. Merriel, W. A. Hammer, J. Byers, B. R. Pinch, F. Bass, R. W. Hemmingsen, R. O. Schideler, R. R. Brown, W. C. Lindstrom, H. L. Smith, and R. James.
Green Potters Will Ballot For BlackoutQueen “The Blackout Girl” will be presented as the feature attraction at the Green Potters dance Saturday night at 9<io’clock in the Union. This girl will not only have beauty, but personality and other qualifications to suit the occasion. Balloting for the Blackout Girl will begin' today outside the Sweet Shop. The nominees include freshmen women who have been chosen to represent their houses. Bob Clifford, president of Green Potters, announced as nominees: Marjorie Grier, Alice Dahl, Alpha Chi Omega; Frances Boovan, Martha Dermiah, Alpha Xi Delta; Kay Heitman, Mary Jane Roth, Chi Omega; Carol Crow, Dottie Davis, Phi Beta Phi; Margaret Henderson, Jean Thompson, Delta Gamma, Anne Ostrander, Virginia O’Brien, Kappa Alpha Theta; Emily Caster, Maren Chesnutt, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Jean Wood, Billie Cochran, Phi Mu; Anne Garland, La Verne Muir, South Hall; and Jeannie Lauer, North Hall. The decorations will depict a city subjected to a midnight air raid so that either formal or informal dress may be worn. Bob McKitrick will play for the dance. Tickets are one dollar, a.c. Prominent Engineers Wiil Discuss Defense As Aided By Engineers Highlightipg the annual meeting of the Indiana-Illinois Section of the society for Promotion of Engineering Education, to be held at the University, Saturday, April 26, will be a panel discussion on “Engineering Education and National Defense,” lead by three prominent leaders in the engineering field. Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean^ of Engineering; H. T. Heald, president of Illinois Institute, of Technology; and D. E. Prentice, president of Polytechnic Institute, will lead the discussion Saturday morning fol- , lowing the welcome address to be extended to the society by President E. C. Elliott. A business meeting and the annual election of officers will follow. An inspection trip of the campus, including the new Music Hall and radio station, will begin the afternoon activities. The series of discussions in the various fields of Engineering will include: Civil Engineering, General Engineering, A o r o nautical and Engineering, Aeronautical and drawing and descriptive* geometry. A ladies program, with Mrs. Justus Rising in charge, has been arranged for all women attending the meeting. The delegates will meet at 4 p. m. for a final get-together and tea in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Building, v.m.b. Pharmacy Societies Wiii Meet Thursday Annual meeting of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy and the National Association of th*e Boards of Pharmacy" will he held 'on the campifs Thursday and Friday. Pharmaceutical members from six states will be here to take part in the discussions. A banquet has been planned for Friday night at which time Professor Frank Hall of .the History and Economics department will speak, v.b.
To Play For Cary
' ' For German
Peace Plans
McWhirter Explains New Opportunities In Naval Aviation Commander F. M. McWhirter, commanding officer of the Third Naval Reserve Area which includes the entire state of Indiana, will address the student body this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building on “The New Opportunities Offered in Naval Aviation.” , Examinations Started Commander McWhirter is on the campus in connection with the interviewing of juniors and seniors interested in naval flight ^^training. Naval officers from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station have been examining men both physically and mentally beginning yesterday morning in the Executive building. The naval board is attempting to organize a special University unit on campus to be known as the “Flying Boilermakers.” At least _ 40 members must be eligible and accepted to have a unit of this kind. The age limit for applicants is
from 21 to 27.
Five Reserve Bases Applicants who are accepted will be sent to one of the five Naval Reserve Aviation Bases in the Ninth Naval District for flight elimination training. After 30 days the successful applicants will be nominated for appointment as aviation cadets and will be sent to one of the advanced stations at Pensacola or Jacksonville, Florida, or Corpus Christi, Texas. Formerly this training course was only available to members of the regular Naval Estab-
lishment. a.c.
Fteshmen To Speak For AWS Counselors AWS will hold their first meeting on counseling Thursday at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. Four freshmen speakers will relate how this year’s counseling system affected them personally. They will tell what their counselors did, what they neglected to do, and, also, what they would do if they were in the counselor’s place. The speakers are: Caroline Wood, Beth Ludberg, Ann Bishop, and Martha Hillegoss. Joyce Burnham, retiring vice-presi-dent of AWS, will speak on “What It Meant to Me To Be a Counselor.” All upperclassmen, this includes freshmen who will be sophomores next year, may be counselors. They will be chosen by interview and also on the basis of attendance at the meetings, which will be held Thursday, April 24, Tuesday, April 29, May 1 and May 4. Attendance at the meetings is compulsory, unless persons are excused by Lynn Erganbright or Mary Ellen Scarff, who are in charge of the counseling
program, m.1.1.
Scouts Fingerprint 35 Students In Drive Thirty-five people were fingerprinted yesterday by members of the Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, which has been receiving instruction in the technique of taking finger prints. The bureau^located in the west hall of the Union is open from 2 to 6 p. m. today-and from 2 to 8 p. m. tomorrow. All students, faculty members, and townspeople who have never been fingerprinted are urged to come and have their fingerprints recorded. i Because no two people have the same fingerprints, all passports, old age pensions, and official identification cards have fingerprints stamped on them.
Annual Spring Formal Scheduled For May 76 Will Bradley, his trombone and his “boogie woogie" boys will play for the annual Cary Club spring formal in both ballrooms of the Union on Friday, May 16, from 9 to 12. The dance will be closed, with only club members and their dates attending. One of the outstanding features
i-^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News To CMeaco Dsiljr K*ws Foreign Serriec. Sopyright. 1940. Chieaco Daily M«wb. lot. • Germans Fire On Italians Smashing blows by panzer troops, coupled with a terrific air offensive, are driving the British back to new positions in Greece, according to word from the front. Berlin says the Germans have pushed “far beyond Larisa” in pursuit of Greek and British columns. * * * • Nazis Drive Into Greece German tanks fired on Italian infantrymen who retreated before British cannon blasts at Tobruk,' says a dispatch- from the besieged city. Prisoners asserted dissention is growing between the Nazis and the Fascists at this point of the front. * * * • Gibraltar Next Target “It is agreed here that if Germany swamps Greece, the next move will be through Spain toward Gibraltar, coupled with a mighty assault by air and by sea upon the British Isles,” cables William H. Stoneman from London. * * * • Hitler Waits For Time “Hitler begins his 63rd year, perhaps the most decisive in his life,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. “If an invasion of England is attempted, it will be on Hitler’s personal orders and when Hitler believes the time is ripe.” * * * • New Greek Premier Emmanuel Tsouderos is the new premier in the Greek war cabinet, it was announced today, following the suicide of Alexandros Kori;zis. King George appealed to the people to remain united and steadfast. 4c ik • War Damage Total “The damage that I saw—added up—^would equal roughly the total destruction of Manhattan,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick, after visiting Plymouth, Bristol, Hull, Cardiff, Swansea, Birkenheard, Wallasey, Liverpool and Manchester. * « * • Canada and U. S. Unify Following an agreement made with the Canadian premier. President Roosevelt announces a plan to unify the full industrial and economic resources of the two countries to support the war efforts of the democracies. Boxers Meef Tonight To Receive Awards All members of the Purdue Boxing Association will meet tonight in room 101 of the Fieldhouse at 7:30. At the meeting tonight award winners for the past season will be announced and key replicas of boxing gloves will be presented. * The PBA was formed earlier in the year and has been very successful in its first year of existence. Three members of the club won places on the local Golden Gloves team.
Sales pf senior comiriencement invitations and announcements close this Thursday, April 24. They may be purchased at Southworth’s, Deac’s, the University Bookstore, or the Union west desk. Gala Week Committee.
with the band is drummer, Ray McKinley, who is considered one of the best skin beaters in the business. Ray also does the vocal honors with the band. He is a tall lanky Texan who sings the authentic blues in a slow drawl. , Bradley’s young band has made its quick trip to the top through its famous jazz music. Their song “Beat Me Daddy,” which was a sen-
Maestro Will Bradley sation over night is now being successfully followed by “Scrub Me Mamma with a Boogie Beat.” All of the new records of the band are fast moving up in the popularity field, m.k.m. ' Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: President, R. L. Riester, VicePresident; S. E. Scott, Treasurer, F. C. Deal, Secretary, R. A. McDowell; Historian, G. J. West; Chaplain, S. A. Pence; Sergeant-at-arms, D. R. Grove; and Pledge Master, E. H. Smith. Initiation of the following is announced: Nicholas Steshko, Robert Hajysk, Donald Schramski, and Harold Canada.
Hifler Proposes Five Points To End Problems By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. - Vichy, Aril 21.—^The Vichy government, in the opinion of observers here, appears to be on the verge of abandoning its long effort to avoid active articipation in Germany’s continental struggle. Various straws in the wind seem to indicate that Vichy’s complete adhesion to the German cause is inevitable. Admiral Jean Darlan, vice premier of the Vichy government, spent the week-end in Paris conferring with Dr. Otto Abetz, Adolf Hitlei^s personal delegate in Prance, who has just returned from consultation with Der Fuehrer. Hitler’s program, declared to be similar to that proposed by VicePremier Pierre Laval before he was deposed last Dec. 13, is as follows: 1. Expenses paid by France for German occupation are to be reduced to less than half (now 400,000,000 francs a day). 2. Two departments, those of Pas De Calais and the Nord, now under the jurisdiction of the Brussels gauleiter, are to be restored to French administration from Paris. 3. A total of 600,000 prisoners (Germany has almost 2,000,000)— farmers and specialized factory workers—are to be freed. 4. Rectification is to be made of problems connected with the demarcation line between occupied and unoccupied zones, presumably communications and other mediums of intercourse. 5. Germany will not insist (it is affirmed here) on the surrender to German hands of the French naval bases or units of the French fleet. It will “understand” French reluctance to collaborate in the manufacture of war material. Furthermore, Prance is to retain the administration of its colonies (except those iformerly German). Student Union ... is sponsoring a tea dance today from 4 to 5:46 in the north ballroom of the Union. Everyone is invited.
Co-eds To Pay Bills Friday Night At Mortar Board Cabaret Dartce
By Mary Lou Losey Bouncing back from Prom and the echoes of a wonderful week-end, we begin to live for the next, wondering what it will hold in store. On the social calendar for this weekend, we find the Mortar Board dance. It promises to be a worthy successor to its nearby glamorous sister. Prom. In the Union ballroom Friday night, Byron Dunbar and his orchestra will be found swinging out the numbers in their sweet and slow style. This is the last time that the co-eds will handle the ticket situation themselves, as it is the final co-ed bid of the year. 'This may lighten, to some extent, the dismal cloud of financial worries, now hovering over the head of many an ed suffering from prom-expensitis or acute flattening of the bill-fold. No Posies The dance will b® ® spring formal cohducted in southern cabaret style (with tables placed around the edge of the dance floor). Corsages are not in order. However, freshmen girls will sell flowers at the dance. There are rumors in the spring breezes that there may be a super floor show. - “The top territorial attraction” of the mid-west, Byron Dunbar, has
played such spots as the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Denver; Forest Park Highlands, St. Louis r the Surf Ballroom, Clear Lake, Lowa; and many other clubs and hotels. His.first engagement was at Madura’s Danceland in Hammond. He has been heard many times in the past few years over the networks of NBC and CBS. The orchestra has as ^t made no recordings, but arrangements are now being made with Decca for the making of a few “platters,” as they are commonly termed. Dunbar Doubles Byron Dunbar plays and can double almost any instrument iit his band. The modern arrangements and the excellent tempos of the band are the results of his own fine music&l interpretations. With the band is Bill Boner, vocalist, who renders the sweeter selections, Uoyd Hanshy, warbler thoawing vocals. The band plays swing numbers somewhat witii the style of T. Dorsey but maintains their own unusual ari^ngements and presentations. « Hekets for the dance may he purchased at the residence haBs« sors ority houses, or the west' desk of the Uniqu.j/ ^ r 1 ^ i / X -J oL*^, „'“ if* P' . >■ ^ ^ '
■i
fiagoi, 2~^diiL
Tuesdcty, April 22, 1941
(pjuJidusL £xfaomnt
Jimsdji^ JoUl
An Opportunity
... to put into practice the ideals of democracy exists for all the women defenders of our country who desire to receive the satisfaction and share the responsibility of volunteer work. Tonight at a conference sponsored by the Lafayette Branch of American Association of University Women, Gold Peppers, and the University Placement Service for Women, senior co-eds will hear discussed the various phases of volunteer work and the privilege that is every woman’s to share in its service. The words at tonight’s conference will be addressed to senior women, but the thoughts extend to all women, regardless of age, race, or creed. Particularly timely is this conference on “Volunteer Opportunities for Women” in view of the existing war crisis. Volunteer work is often the most timely service we can give in the defense program and now is the time for the women members of our democracy to prove the justification of their oft boasted statement that women should share with men the responsibilities in all areas of life. “What can / do?” many college, business, and married women are asking today. Volunteer work is the channel through which all young girls and women can show that they are active members ,of our democracy. Health, Civic, Church, and Girls’ Leadership are only a few of the divisions where such service is deeply appreciated. No one is consicKred inadequately prepared for this type of service. The requirements are a willing heart and a genuine desire to serve. At tonight’s conference a booklet will be distributed which has been prepared by the National and State volunteer organizations plus the cooperation of R. H. Kurtz, editor of the 1941 Social Work Yearbook. It will contain specific information on the activities of the various groups in addition to the Code of Ethics of Volunteers. This conference is being sponsored in the hope that it will present to women the existing opportunities for service and satisfaction. Let’s accept the challenge made by President Elliott in his introduction ^to the pamphlet, “The test of any democracy is the extent to which there is unselfish volunteering by the capable.” d.s.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
1941 s Great
Glamour-IVlusica]!
-¥■ Cartne^ Don
5 Great IN TfCHNICOloiTL^®"^*!^
Members
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
NEVER BEFORE
. . porhaps ¥ never again . . . such a cavalcade of THRILLSl
139famed stars! 200 speclocu* lar scenes! 1000 explosive thrills!
ifMwiiiEiirtnrottiwiinmiiEii
UWDet iiBWy OOlBlDlMim
A A
Sp9mor»S by Ihe MoHm newra
' ton of ^
PMdiinn and DMbufon of Aikwi^ Ik.
PLUS--2ND HIT!
JANB
WITHERS
boors
CHARLBiiuMr) ROGERS MTNARIKiyLIMUfiE OfOgOf ISVINO BUOOV fffrER
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Topper's Back in a ChillerDiller!
1c SOAP SALE ON POPULAR BRANDS
PEPSODENT TOOTH BRUSH—47c 25c TUBE OF TOOTH PASTE OR POWDER FREE
NEW SHICK INJECTOR RAZOR SET $1.00
VITALIS 50c SIZE—39c
YARDLEY LOTUS COLOGNE $1.00
UNIVERSITY DRUG CU.
Free Delivery Phone 4094 or 4095
•The Ratio3.03
• • • to 1
... of the Foods and Nutrition Department of the University, Amy Bloye, Helen Purinton, Cecilia Schuck, Virginia White, Evelyn Krause, Rosemary Lodde and Charlotte Ludwig, are attending the Institute of Nutrition meeting at the Stevens Hotel in Chicago.
LEARN TO DANCE
ENROLL IN OUR
ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., APR. 24 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 25rii
ALLEN’SfiTrt & FERRY
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS Singingdnd
*190 . BeUvJMMN — EXTRA — March of Time BRITIAN'S R. A. F. Actual Battle Scenes
Tfce Colnmn
Whether the Prom diecorations had anything to do with it or not, quite a few girls went off the deep end and found themselves hooked with pins. Among those who were caught are Jane Julin, who was snagged by Bill Keenan, Pres, of the Phi Psi house, Bonnie McPhersoii who was pulled in by Burt Kline with a Cary Club pin, and Mary Helen Pohiman, who found the brand new SAE pin of Johnny Galloway attached to her. Irv Posse couldn’t find anything worth catching around here so he tried the foreign water of Northwestern University. Domestic Husband Harold Hawes, notorious male home ec., really went overboard though by marrying the little woman from back home. What’s the matter with all these Purdue co-eds? After four years of all co-ed classes he turns them down for the home town gal. Distance means nothing to some people when it comes to Proming with a certain person. Shirley Canning’s date breezed in all the way from Pennsylvania. Picnics and Bugs Spring brings out the nature lover in the typical ed and co-ed judging from the number of picnics seen around lately. Or is it the nature they are loving? Sigma Chi’s had one of the so-called picnics at Mudlavia over the week-end which would provide interesting material no doubt if more thoroughly inve'stigated, and the Delta Chi’s indulged in a similar outing. Sophomore Union workers enoyed the spring weather running up and down hills at Turkey Run. The fresh air seems to have queer effects upon some people though. Imagine the natives surprise when Cal Creel, Chuck Lewis, and Dick Worl led the hog calling contest. Well, so much for spring and thoughts of pitching, but watch out girls and don’t let him pitch you out of the picture.
According to all reports the new Russ-Jap pact “creates a solid foundation for development of friendly relations between the two states.” Which reminds us. Somebody oughtta call Stalin. And tell him even the Japs know. The first thing in jui-jitsu. Is the handshake. * Hr # ^)|c BERLIN, April 9.—An official bulletin released here by DNB reveals that the British expeditionary forces in Greece are evacuating under terrific pressure of German panzer attacks supported by Sutka dive bombers. Unconfirmed in London, of course.
Then an authoritaive source close to the front came up with the report that Greek-British lines were holding and had withdrawn only 20 miles to new defensive positions. Giving DNB a fair and square chance to change its mind. Which it did. Making us more certain
than ever that the boss of the DNB office in Berlin. Is a woman.
And with Adolph sitting with the Gods on Olympus. The British Empire steels itself. For the Greek loss. 4= * + Which tells us there should be some steeling for the possibility of another Dunkirk. In which case. The British steal away over night. * * * While the Germans stay on in Athens. Learning how Greek drama wag written. No doubt they’ll turn out a masterpiece on the British. Called.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second elus matter at the poet oflise hi fajrette, Indiana, under the act of ConsrcM of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poetase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Januarr 20, 1922. Published dailjr except Monday during the regwr academic year and weekly dnrins the Supuper Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 ppr year, fash it^bscription, $8,60. Bditeivin-CUef K- W. Donahne Bnsiness Manager—^ Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff Mews Editor. — - J. H. l^agipg ESditor. - O. K. B^ipjf Asyoeiate Editors: M. A. Ochiltree, 3. A. Purcell, L. W. Euffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Buainosa Staff Iiocal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, K. 3. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, E. Jl. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor. — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor — J, P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swsdm.
Phono: Editorial 400S; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New TorL N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Siess Sports Editor: Rose m \ Proof: Miller Workers: A. Worsley, J. Ramsdsll, B. L. Wallace, A. Chatfield, V. Barson, B. Poole, M. L. Losey, M. Fuller, P. Stenburg, C. Hass, M. K. Boynton, P. Howard, J. Lauer.
“The Comedy of Errors.” ♦ 9
See by the papers the Senate is drafting a new tax bill. Including 6% cents tax on cigai^ttBS. Sticking to today’s attempt at prophecy, we say when the draft takes its toll of eds. There will be. Less smoking by co-eds.—m.}.f.
ill Address Virginia Baxter To Join
PIA Banquet Sunday
Physical Ed Deparhnent
Dr. H. Eyring Will Discuss Theories Of Reaction Rates
Dr. Henry Eyring of Princeton University will address the American Chemical Society tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Dr. Eyring’s topic will be “Theories of Reaction Rates,” which should be of great interest to all seniors who are maoring in chemistry and chemical engineering. An annual business meeting will follow the talk. Everyone IS invited to attend, p.s.*
PIA will hold its annual banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:15 in the Union. Wayne Musser, retiring president, will serve as toastmaster. Highlighting the program will be an address by President Elliott. Keys will be presented to outstanding members, and the new officers will be introduced. Entertainment will be furnished by the PIA chorus. A portion of the program is to be a surprise. Tickets may be purchased for 60 cents from any PIA member, Reamer, ward chairman, or at the west desk of the Union. This will be the first meeting since the ward system has gone into
Virginia Baxter, who graduated last spring from the University, is now an assistant instructor of tennis in the Physical Education Department here. She has won the city tournament seven times, has a Midwestern ranking of fifth, a national ranking of twenty-sixth in singles, and was a runner-up in the Indianapolis City Tournament. Bobby Riggs, Catherine Wolfe, and Virginia Hollinger are some of the outstanding people with whom she has played.
Forestry Class Plants 5,000 Black Locusts
In LaPorte County
elfect and a record attendance is predicted, j.r.
Have Fun— —Save Money CHARTER A BUS
Keep Your Party Together LOCAL AND OUT OF TOWN TRIPS
Am TIME
Lafayette Transit Co., Inc.
920 Main Street
Phone 3475
Five thousand black locust trees were planted yesterday by members of the forestry Seeding and Planting class, under the direction of Professor A. M. Herrick, on the E. L. Lalumeir farm in LaPorte county. It was the second all-day tree planting trip of the semester. Earlier in the year the group planted trees on the Cunningham farm near Romney, Ind., a site which was donated to the University in 1936 for the purpose of starting an* arboretum. Trees from Saratoga, New York, Onarga, 111., and the bureau of Plant Industries in Beltsville, Maryland, will be planted with the aim of including all species of trees which can be grown in this climate. Although yesterday’s tree-plant-ing trip was the last to be scheduled off the campus this year, tree planting will continue around the University. Three thousand trees have been ordered for R, B. Stewart and will be planted in the near fu-
Lambert Will Address
Agricultural Honorary
* 308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
presents the latest VICTOR and BLUEBIRD RECORDS 27377 Let's Get Awey from It All^— (Parts 1 and 2) Tommy Dorsey * 27375 My Sister and I Do You Beleive in Fairy Tales? Leo Reisman 11110 The One I Love Sun Valley jump 11108 Light Cavalry Amapola c Alvino Rey Victor and Columl^ia Maal^rwQFka Decca, Okeh, Bluebird, Victor anfl Columbia Popular Records
Professor W. Lambert, associate director of the University Experiment station will be tbe guest speaker gt the annual Alpha Zeta baqquet Wednesday evening at 6:30 in rooms 332-4 of the Union. J. A. Stewart, president of thd agricultural honorary will act as toastmaster.
Seven new members who were initiated last night will be honored .at the banquet. They are: E. G. Byer, J, T* Conrad, P. C. Davi6, J. 0. Dunbar, H. G. McCarty, D. M. Ogilvie, and J. E. Walley. a.w.
Foundation To Hear Talks
On Spring At Banquet
Wesley Foundation ivill hold its annual hai^quet Thursday, April 24, in the Home Economics cafeteria. Dr. Hiel Boilinger of Nashville, Tenn., national director of the Methodist Student Movement will talk on “Spring’s Rendezvous.” Spring wiU be the theme of toasts ma4e fiy Bill Peteyson, Phyllis Hyde, and Bill Warrick, who will rep:ye8ent the underclassmen, and Ed Brovin will respond for the seniors. Ann Pierce will serve as toastmistress. —
Special music will be furnished by the Bradshaw twins and Ivan Meyera. Included in the evening’s events will be the presenting of the scholarships to summer conferences cqnferr^d each year by Professor G. C. Blalock, j.r.'■1 .
'v'U ‘^*''.1/1; ’-;h'';,'":!> ,‘,u,, cj y, V'""'’ // - ‘1 • , . ' ' / ' -l v '' . ‘ - ‘ , ■ ' ' - '
■“0 ?■,’■•>'w;#f“
fiMMffm ^xpotwil
Tuesday# April 22, 1941
fia^S^ TbUauiL
r
4 ^
Notices
Triton Club: Ba)]et pffifitice pvery day this week at 4 ®. m. No vegaTar mi^ng Tuesday, April 22. —ROSENCKANS. ^
POBiMi Ifm^fna of gU aetiyes and pledges at 4 p. m. in room 108 of the Armory* Thursday, April 24. Meeting short but imiportaiit. —McCAMMON.
and Blado Actives and Pledges: There will te a meeting of the actives at 7:16 p. tu., Tuesday, April 22, in room, 286 of the llnipp. Rov>eb night plans vHU be made. Plages in the Tuesday night group / will repprt to room 286 at 8 p. m. —MEESB.
Newman Club: Ex. counoio meeting in room 802 of the Union Tuesday, April 22,'" at 4 p. m. —LUERS.
Chi l^silon: All actives and pledges be at the Oiril building Tuesday, April 22, at 7:80 p. nn —SAMS.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There wiU be a brief but important meeting at 4 p. m., Tuesday, April 22, in the Armory. All members are urged v to be present. —MEESE.
Freshman and Sophompre Military: Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard an'd Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26, at 1:80 p. m. —WOODLENG.
Military Battery S-4: Basic students of Battery ^-4 are detailed as Provost Marshall Guard for Gala Day, May 2nd and Corps Ayea Inspection, May 8th. These students will form inside the 4th Street entrance to Intramural Field at 11:00 a. m., Tuesday, April 22, for instructions relative to ihfs duty. —BURKHART.
State RanksSecond In 4-H Schdarships In the years that college scholarships have been aWRr(ie4 by the national 4-H Club, Indiana members have been the recipients of thirty-three with a tqtal cash vrIue of $9,125, according to G. L. Noble, managing director of the National Committee. The state ranged second in both value and number of scholarships, bowing to Oklahoma which took top honors with a total of thirty-six, .worth $10,576. Oregon ranked third with thirty, and Iowa fourth with twenty-five. As in other states, club work here is handled by the Agricultural Extension Department in conjunction with the United States Departhi^nt, of Agriculture. . -
Independent Staff: Publication Wednesday night. Tickets for the banquet will be given to those working. Assignments due at 7 :30 p. m. ' —GRJFPIN. Debris Juniors: Important meeting regarding elections Wednesday, A'pril 28, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —BROWN.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Debris Sophomores: Important meeting regarding election Thursday, April 24, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —BROWN.
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations ^pd gnnonneemente aire on sale at SoytthWoriii's, Deac’s and the UniveraiW Bookstore, and at t^e west desk of Die Uniop. Salfo close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
Delta Rho Kappa: Business meeting on Thursday, April .24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. Professor Albjerg will speak. —OSWALT.
All 1^ Student^: See sheet on main bulletin board In EE Building te sign up for
len bonce projects.
28) —HGLCOMB.
American Chemical Society: Annual business meeting Wednesday, April 23, at 7:30 p. m. InjToom 106 of chemistry building. —ALLAN.
n
Eta Kappa Nn: Actives sign list in XSE office at once if you wish to have a plaque. <4-28) ^HOLCOMB. PI A Dance ClassM: Beginners and Advanced Class muute StadcBt Meeting: Meeting tonight at 7:80. All menfber^ should read the office copy of the Purdue Athletic Council before tonight. —LAYSON.
Military Students: Formation of the corps days April 22 and 24 will be held in the Armory. First PFA forms in southwest quarter of armory; second PFA in northwest quarter, third PFA in southeast quarter and fourth PFyS. less the second battalion in northeast quarter. Batteries D, E and P, Fourth PFA will form by the trucks north of the Armory. S-4 will form at 4th street entrance to intramural field. —HEBBELER.
Alpha phi Omega: Pledges will take their fi^al exam Thursday, April 24, at 6 p. m. in room 261 of fhe Union, All actives ate Invited to attend this meeting. Refreshments will be furnished hy the pledges. —McCAMMON.
ASME: /Final returns on members hip cards and emblems are on hand. Please get them Wednesday, April 28. from 9 to 12 a. m. in Professor Cope’s office. —COOLEY.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding mseUnea, >«w and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $28.71 te $69.60. Office supply. > Mimeognph aad multinhph work. C. F. Bberehoff, 80$ Mala St. FWe. 2778.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, April 28, in AWS' office at 7 :80 p. m. —McCULLOUCH.
Per Sent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.58 all night. Phone 2407.
All Students: Tickets for PIA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:15 p. m. in Die "Union, jnay be purchased for BO cents from any PlA board member, Reamer member or pledge, or at the West desk in the Union. —KNEPPER.
Lost: Gold sequin evening purse, white beading at Prom. Phone 36814.
PIA ChOms: Special rehearsal tonight for banquet <m Sunday. Attendance compulsory. Everybody te at the PIA office at 7:16. , —SMULEVITZ.
SLACK SUITS with new longer fitted jackets
It’s news — longer jackets slightly fitted with saddle pockets, belted in back and tie in fronts The matching or contrasting slacks are man-tailored and narrower, also tuck-in shirt styles.
In beige, blue, navy, white, prints, stripes and combinations in fine cotton and rayons. others $2.98 to $10.98
“I could kick myself! I opened the good scotch by mistake.”
Personnel Notes
Please consult bulletin boards in the schools for further information. COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS WEEK OF APRIL 21, 1941— U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C, April 21, 1941. Senior Engineers. E. I. duPont de Nemours and Co,, Wilmington, Delaware. April 23, 1941, Chemists and ChE—PhD only. Socony-Vacuum Oil Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. April 23, 1941. Sr. ChE,
and ME; Jrs. for.summer employment.
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH PERSONNEL OFFICE. C. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana, Erie Railroad Co., Cleveland, 0., ME. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., E. Chicago, Indiana, ME or CE. J. C, Penny Co., Chicago, 111. Science. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., Pittsburgh, Pa. ME. Republic Steel Corp., Massillon, Ohio. ME, Met. E. St. Louis Southwestern Railway
"REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blcaer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th e Main St», Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have it Quality Mdse.—Lower PricM Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We I^.Uvw
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—-rRIght Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARt
• Tailor
. R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist*' 504 Main St.
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up '
Frozen Food Lorker Dairymen Discuss Association Will Open Quality Of Milk Convention Tomorrow At Conference Here
First annual conference of the Indiana Frozen Food Locker association will be held tomorrow and Thursday on the campus. Representatives from approximately 60 frozen food locker plants will attend the conference according to Clyde C. White of West Lafayette, president of the organization. Wednesday, T, A. Coleman, associate extension director, will give an address of welcome and Neal Banter of Marion will discuss “Turnover in Merchandising.” The handling of meats, vegetables, fruits, and smoked meats will be considered Thursday. Home freezing units and plant operation problems will also be discussed. The first conference of operators was held last year under the auspices of the Agricultural Extension Service. Since then the Indiana Frozen Pood Locker Association was formed and the meetings this week will constitute the first annual conference, a.c. Omicron Nu Completes Plans For Annual Banquet Omicron Nu, Home Economics honorary, will hold its annual May Day Banquet for all home economics students at 6 p. m. Tuesday, April 29, in the cafeteria of the Home Economics building. Mrs. Beth Bailey McLean, one of the Co., Pine Bluff, Arkansas. ME or EE. Santa Fe Railroad, Chicago, 111. EE and ME. U. S. Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington, D. C. EE and ME, YMCA, Chicago, 111., Srs. (Men) in Educ., Psych., Soc., or PE,
Improvement of the quality of milk in manufacturing will be the subject of a conference to be held in the Union tomorrow under the auspices of the University Department of Dairy Husbandry in cooperation with users of milk for manufacturing purposes. Registration will be held in room ■ 304 of the Union at 9 a. m., followed by discussions throughout the morning on various aspects of the milk industry. Speakers will be Professors H. W. Gregory and V. C. Manhart of the Dairy Husbandry department; W. R. Freeman, secretary of the Indiana Milk and Cream Improvement Association; and representatives of the Kraft Cheese Corporation, Evaporated Milk Association, and Dry Milk Association, Chicago. Following a luncheon in the Union cafeteria the program will consist of testing demonstrations by K. C. Boxell and P. R. Elliker of the University, and panel discussion on milk inspection led by B. E. Horrall and K. C. Boxell of the University. John Taylor, Chief of the Dairy Division of the State Board of Health, will be the last speaker of the day. m.k.b. Swift Company “Martha Logans,” will be speaker of the evening. The Omicron Nu medal will be awarded to the outstanding freshman home economics student for this year, and both new and old members of Omicron Nu and thp Virginia C. Meredith Club will stand and be recognized during the banquet. Tickets are now on sale for fL^ty cents at the Residence Halls, sorority houses, and at the Home Economics building. m.k.b.
H^ar DOROTHY CLAIRE with America's No. 1 Dance Band Leader GLENN MILtER in "Moonlight Serenade" • FOR PURDUE Tues., Wed., Thurs af 9 p. m. €• B* $. Stations
1941, Lkmct a Mnu Towwco
i
1?|
'I
A’'' j|/y
fiajA fy—Spo)dA
Tuesday, April 22, 1941
fijuJtdwL £xpomnt
\ Boilermakers Meet Wabash Nine Here Today
Blanken Will Face Little Giant Batters;
BBSCbsll PIsyCrS McAdams, Young, Waterhouse in Uneup RdCC|U6t66rS FdC6 lllini
Saturday In First Match
Frolic On Bus Trip Although they’re playing their fifth home game today and most of them have been around here for three or four years the members of the baseball team are strangers to most of the students. With the aid of Johnny Davis, senior baseball manager, who should know, we are giving you a few glimpses into their more or less private lives.
Players “Cut-ups”
From all reports, the players seem to be a bunch of “cut-ups” on the bus to' and from the games. Most of the entertaining is done by Waterhouse' and Fisher. Waterhouse is known as the “last man” on the team, since he is always the last one to arrive and the last one to leave. His square dances in the aisle of the bus help to entertain all the rest of the team. Fisher is the boy that keeps the rest of the team laughing. According to reports it’s not what he says but the way he says it. Mike Byelene, the student of the team, studies on trips while Blanken catches up on his sleep.
Players Practice
Harry McFerren has a novel way of getting his batting eye in shape.
With versatile Don Blanken on the mound, the Riveters will try to revenge their recent close defeats by Ohio State this afternoon when they meet the Wabash Little Giants on the Boilermaker diamonds at 4 p. m. Little is known about the strength of the Wabash nine, but they have virtually the same team which lost two close tilts to the Boilermakers last year. The Little Giants defeated St. Joe 6 to 2 earlier, in the season, while the Riveter nine shut them out by a score of 8 to 0 last
week, \
Coach Fehring is giving several .
reserves a chance in the starting line-up this afternoon. Ernie Young, junior reserve catcher and infielder, will replace Captain Bud Fisher in the catcher’s box; Wes Waterhouse is taking over the starting job at first; and Red McAdams will replace Myers at shortstop. Silent Ernie, who is in the starting list for the first time, has turned in very efficient jobs as I’elief catcher in
He shoots down all the little airplanes and then goes out and really hits the ball. The practices seem to work, too, because right now Harry is hitting .500 for the Big Ten games. When not traveling or playing the team spend most of the time seeing the town or playing the old favorite black jack.
the Western Illinois and St. Joe
games so far this season.
Another Over Wall
' Today’s game will be the second starting asgidnment for Don Blanken, who is not only proficient on the mound but also a hard hitter. Blanken, in yesterday’s practice, hit a ball 381 feet over the left field wall, only the third time that such a feat has ever been accomplished. Earlier in the season Blanken went the route as pitcher in the Notre Dame fray with the game being called as a tie after ten innings. John Janisch, versatile sophomore who bats in the clean up spot, will be at his usual post in right field, while Dutch Doherty and Mike Byelene will both stay at their usual outfield positions during today’s game. Cook and Harry McFerren
What You Have a Right to Expect in a Shirt ^t ^2.00
In our .capacity as purchasers for you, we set out to obtain a shirt that would represent the ultimate at $2. We are confident that we have found it in these shirts. The broad-cloth fabric is costlier and finer in weave . . . the Troytailoring details and constriix^tion features are better than in any other nationally known shirt at the price. They represent the best quality standards of fifty years of shirtmaking . . . and our choice as typical of our own best standards.
SHIRTS
Sold Exclusively hy 500MAIN ST. —
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
After two months of intensive practice, the Boilermaker tennis team will play its initial match of the 1941 season Saturday, April 26. It’s to be a home game agaihst the U. of Illinois. Because the team lost four of its lettermen last year, including Captain Fuente, one of the best players in the state, Jim Hebbeler, Bill Berg, and Bob Meihaus, Coach Larry LeBree is looking forward to this match against a perennially strong Illinois team to see how strong his inexperienced team will prove
to be.
__________________________________ Season Opener, And . . .
This Illinois match is more than the season’s opener ... it marks the very first match played since tennis has become a major sport. Initial booths on the six-man team will be given to the three returning lettermen. Captain Bob Anderson, and Fred Richai’ds, seniors; and Ray Lucht, junior. Dick Stettner and Gus Armstrong, outstanding sophomoi’es, will occupy the fourth and fifth positions. The sixth man will be picked from Ed Vaughn, Bill Van Camp, and Ken Baughman according to their performances in
this week’s practices.
The courts are in the best of condition and should be conducive to fine play. Coach LaBree says, “we hope for the best, although the Illinois team is always a tough one.”
Indiana State Next
Our team will have a 4-day respite after this game before their match with Indiana State Teacher’s College at Terre Haute on April 30. This year’s schedule is one of the toughest the Riveter Racketeers have faced in years, and includes matches with six Big Ten schools in addition to those with some of the strongest teams in the middle west. The complete tentiis schedule follows: ^ April 26—Illinois at Purdue.
will hold down 2nd and 3rd respec-
tively.
Defensive “Ifs”
The Boilermakers have hit well in all their recent tilts, and if their defensive work measures up to their batting standards a victory is expected today. In their two recent week-end losses to, Ohio, errors and the breaks of the game accounted for the Riveters’ defeats after they had consistently outhit their op-
ponents.
In preparation for the game. Coach Fehring led his boys through an extensive hitting and fielding session on the diamond yesterday afternoon after which a lengthy infield practice was held. Blanken’s “over the fence” ball, which hadn’t been seen since Felix Mackiewicz last year’s captain now with the “Phillies,” hit two last season, was the highlight of the practice,
mini This Week
Following this afternoon’s encounter the Riveters will prepare for the reopening of Big Ten warfare next week-end when they travel to Champaign for a tw.o-game series with the Illinois nine.
WAA News
By Margaret Puller
On Saturday, May 17, a Spring Sports Play Day will be held at Valparaiso University, Valparaiso. WAA is sending 12 of its members to attend this meet. Any WAA member who is interested may apply at the gym. Three girls from each class will be chosen. The fee for registration is one dollar a person. This fee includes breakfast and luncheon. Sports offered are: archery, volleyball, deck tennis, tennis, shuffleboard, horseshoes, badminton and ping pong.
16 WAA members under the direction of Miss Russell are preparing for the Galacade which is to be given Gala Week. Triton members will again present the water ballet.
Golf call-outs are every Wednesday at 4 p. m. Interested WAA members are asked to turn in two nine hole practices before May 1. In May there will be an intramural golf tournament.
Six archery practices are necessary for WAA points. Practices are every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m.
Purdue at Illinois State Nor-
at Indiana State
April 28-
mal.
' April 30—^Purdue
Teachers.
May 1—Butler at Purdue. May 2—Ball State at Purdue. May 5—Purdue at Michigan. | May 6—Purdue at Michigan State. May 9—Illinois Tech at Purdue. May 10—loWa at Purdue. May 16—Putdue at Ohio State. May 16—Pijirdue vs Indiana at Ohio
State.
May 17—Purdue at Earlham. May 19—Purdue at Chicago. May 22-24—Indiana State Meet at Earl-
ham.
May 29-31—Big Ten Meet at Chicago. I M Schedules BASEBALL Tuesday, April 22 Diamond ■ 1. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Kappa Delta
Rho
2. Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi 3. Triangle vs Sigma Pi 4. Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Psi 5. Delta Upsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi 6. Sigma Nu vs Sigma Chi 7. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Tau 8. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Theta Xi 9. Theta Chi vs Alpha Gamma Rho TO. Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Chi MASS GOLF Fraternity Golf Tuesday, April 22 Must be finished by today Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, ■Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma ‘Kappa, Pi Kappa • Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon. Theta Chi, Triangle. FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Tuesday, April 22 4 p. m. Court T1 Pi Kappa Phi vs Theta Chi ,16 Triangle vs Phi Kappa Psi 16 Sigma Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 17 Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 18 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Delta Theta 19 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi '20 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Upsilon 21 Alpha Chi Rho vs Delta Chi 22 Alpha Tau Omega -vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 23 Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 24 Acacia vs Tau Kappa Fh^silon Theta Xi vs Lambda Chi Alpha
‘ ^ pOAi/L ^hoAtL.
By Bnth Bose
This week Purdue’s all-around sports program will really swing into action with the track, baseball, tennis and golf teams all engaging in contests during the week. The baseball team will start things rolling with a game with Wabash this afternoon. According to reports our team is one* of the best we’ve had around here for a while. The team is what some call a “coach’s dream” with four pitchers who are all good hitters. The tennis team will open their season with a match with Illinois on Saturday. This will be the first game since tennis has been made a major sport. A big featui’e of the week-end athletic calendar will be the Drake Relays at Des Moines, Iowa, Friday and Saturday. Purdue will have^ a good representation and should bring home some wins. The baseball team will have several days rest and will then go to Illinois for games there on Friday and Saturday. The golf team will also be in Champaign on Saturday for a match with the Illinois team. The baseball nine is hoping for a better umpire at Illinois than they had at Ohio State last week. The one there had been rejected by the draft board the day before because of bad eyesight. Trackmen Prepare For Drake Relays Selected members of the University track team, coached by Herman Phillips are now at work practicing for the Drake Relays which will take them to Des Moines, Iowa on Friday and Saturday. Coach Phillips is concentrating on the development of a distance medley quartet, with Paul Anthony, third place winner in the Big Ten indoor meet, running the quartermile, and Capt. Ed Holderman, the anchor mile. The remainder of the foursome will not be determined until later in the week after time trials have been run. In addition to the relay entries, the University will be represented by Dave Rankin in the 440 yard hurdles and Forest Weber in the shot put and discus. Rankin qualified for the finals in his first attempt at the long flight last year, while Weber was runner-up for the Big Ten outdoor shot put title. Riding Club Will Complete Final Plans For Gymkhana To complete plans for the Gymkhana to be held on Mother’s Day, May 11, the Riding club will meet Thursday, A;ril 24, at 7:30 in room 232 of the Union. All members who expect to enter the program must attend the meeting since the filial plans will be discussed and members will have an opportunity to enter the events. Classes in riding instruction will be held at the stable for those who are planning to enter the yarious events of the Gymkhana. Members who are absent from more than four meetings of the Riding clnb a semester •Will be dropped from the club. a.c.
You hear it everywhere, Crown Cleaned Clothes are worn... eampus, ball game, party or business. Crown Cleaned Clothes give you smart distinetion. \ Crown Laundry r I M 1 gklAMgJS PF FIMj CLOTHgg
■1
A-
m