I u%
>’AJi
CThe PuriClut ’Sxaanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVra
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, APRIL 13,1937
NUMBER 130
Debaters Place Second
At Chicagd
Winning four decisions and losing two, the University debate squad returned Saturday from the Western Conference Debate League at Chicago bearing a tie for second honors and a similar rating for the year’s forensic activities. The University of Michigan team topped the list of competitors with five victories and a single defeat, while Ohio State and Minnesota shared runner-up honors with the University debaters. Clean Sweep ' Robert Royster, Lafayette, and Charles Petticrew, Pine Bluff, Ark., affirmative team, kept unblemished their perfect record of consecutive wins in intercollegiate competition by defeating Wisconsin in the first round, Ohio State in the third, and Illinois in the fourth round. The clean sweep brought to a close their collegiate debate careers and left the remarkable total of 66 engagements without a defeat. Negative Team The P^due negative combination of Robert Sasser, Chicago, 111., and Joseph Rittenhouse, Springfield, Mo., won over Indiana in the first round, but Sasser and Wayne Fredericks, Wakarusa, lost to Minnesota in the second round, and Sasser and Rittenhouse were defeated by Iowa in the third round. An announcement of standings for the year made at the conclusion of the meeting placed the University in a tie for second place honors with Wisconsin, both men’s and women’s debate being included. Here again the Michigan teams ran first with a score of seven wins and three losses.
April 13, 1937 ALL that is kn6wn about him is that he’s a professor of English at the University of Kentucky . . . but don’t let that prejudice you against him 01 against his ultra-modern classroom tactics . .. —30— IN fact it would be well if a few of our instructors and profs, who possess the ability to put the most alert students to sleep, would take a few suggestions from this ingenious tutor . , . —30— HIS subject matter may be dry; his voice may be sleepily soothing, but his method of holding attention .... ah! —30—
DURING a recent afternoon session, he noted that his audience was annoyingly indifferent toward his comparisons of English pastoral poems with Italian pastorals. If poetry wpuldn’t interest them, perhaps fiies would. His right hand flashed out and closed over a buzzing fly ... he squashed it and tossed it aside ... I —30— SLEEPY eyes blinked with amazement. Drowsy students began nudging their neighbors. It couldn’t have happened! But the professor was not one of those selfi ish individuals who act and conceal the cause. He explained that it was a measure for waking up his class. He then proceeded to point out the defects of his “fly-system.” Yes, flies were 0. K. for summer and spring, but what about winter and fall ? I —30— COLD weather does not deter this resourceful professor. While lecturing he walks around the room, balancing a window pole with one finger, and students, fearing a rap on the head from the wavering pole, are constantly attentive. But even this does not complete his stock. He sometimes stretches a rubber band across two fingers and flexes it continually. Scholars must be watchful, lest the peril land in their direc tion.
Dog Authority Grounded For A Month, Says Amelia In Latest Dispatches
By Amelia Earhart
“Bob” Bpcker, nationally known dog authority and outdoor editor of the Chicago Tribune, will give an illustrated talk on “Let’s Seek And Find Adventure” tonight at Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 o’clock. He is the author of several books on na^ ture, and has the distinction of being the only person in radio to be paid to go on fishing trips.
Distribute
Prom Tickets
Distribution of tickets for the 1938 Junior Prom through the Cashier’s office in the new Executive Building begins this morning and will extend through Friday, T. W. Graham, Junior Prom committee chairman stated last night. All the tickets should be secured before 4:30 Friday evening. Booths, bearing the insignia of the fraternity arranging them, will be constructed about the edge of the ballroom Friday. The social chairmen of all fraternities interested in constructing booths, should contact Jack Goory, committeeman in charge of booths, either today or tomorrow. Rocky Cliff The unusual scenic decorations will actually start to take form in the ballroom this evening. Union committees have been working at double duty to get the framework constructed for the hollow cylinders which are to go into the con struction of the waterfall. Work has been done on the framework for the entire back of the ballroom, which IS to portray a rocky cliff, The orchestra will literally be stationed at the foot of a waterfall surrounded by a garden and ac cented against a background of massive cliffs, constructed in relief. Don Bestor and his prominent radio and recording band will play from 10 p. m until 4 a. m. for the ultra formal affair. Bestor and his band gained national fame when he was paired with Jack Benny in the popular Jello programs. Since then Bestor has filled engagements in the nation’s greatest show places and top notch hotels as well as present ing programs over both CBS and NBC networks.
Burbank, Cal., April 12.—A week ago at Los Angeles harbor, my airplane was lowered over the side of the feteamer which brought it from Hawaii. Only today were Lockheed engineers able to tell me the extent of the damage suffered in the attempted take-off at Luke Field, in Honolulu. Their pronouncement is “five weeks will be needed for reconditioning and repair.” Like broken bones, which nature knits slowly in her own special process, the injured parts of an airplane must be painstakingly restored. There is no short cut to full usefulness in either case, if perfect healing is desired. In addition to “healing,” a strengthening of certain members to withstand the excessive strain td which overloading subjects them is in order for my pet. This means some actual redesigning. As to the precious engines, they are already in the Pacific Automotive shops here at Burbank, being thoroughly checked. After the plane and engines are put together some time must be allowed for the testing of them. Plan May Hop-Off All in all, it looks as if the trip could not be resumed before late May. I’ll be neither surprised nor disappointed if the start is further delayed. In such flying projects as this, patience has an important place in a pilot’s equipment. But with good fortune, the Electra and I hope to shove off from Oakland again»sometime in the month of May and again as a peripatic reporter, I’ll try to share what I can of the trip with readers of the Ex ponent, if they don’t become weary waiting for me to try to finish what I have started. Despite these troubles, there seems to’ me many reasons for try:ing to complete the flight. I still think it a good idea, and still want to make it—which is, and has been, the dominant reason for the proj-
Alpha Gamma Rho
Alpha Gamma Rho announces the initiation of the following men: G. A. Blocksom, Terre Haute; E. S. Bogue, Rushville; J. D. Hardin, Bridgeport; J. L. Hackleman, Connersville; J. E. Hymen, West Lafayette; J. W. Harper, Crown Point; W. W. Marple, Louisville, Ky.; J, Swain, Rushville; M. L. Underwood, Summitville; and J. R. Williamson, Lafayette.
Delta Upsilon
Delta Upsilon Fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, H. M. Humphreys; vice-president, W. K. Stallings; re cording secretary, E. T. Runcie; alumni secretary, F. K. Schleicher; and corresponding secretary, R. N. Keen.
New York, N. Y., April 12— George Palmer Putnam, Miss Earhart’s husband, interviewed at the Barclay Hotel here yesterday, said his wife would make a brief visit here in about ten days to care for some business matters in connection with the flight. Mr. Putnam was asked to estimate the actual cost of the accident, in repairs and resulting changes in plans. “Just how much we cannot tell yet,” he replied, “but plenty.”
He emphasized the fact, as originally announced, that the project has “no sponsor.” Its only financial returns which help to defray costs being from mail, covers, for collectors which will be carried, and from Miss Earhart’s writing for newspapers.
ect’s conception. I believe the equipment is the best for the purpose at hand, I would imagine, in the present state of aviation development for this flight. Let me add, I make no claims of scientifit or other accomplishment. To me it can be, if successful, a happy advepture, and perhaps there is a place in this prosaic world for the right kind of adventuring. Hundreds Of Letters
I have been encouraged to continue by hundreds of letters, many from children, by generous newspaper comment, and by the attitude of friends, particularly those at Purdue. Perhaps most of all, my husband’s reaction has helped. I could not carry on nearly so happily without known and unknown well-wishers. I could not carry on at all without help and encourage ment from G. P. P. It’s sad, but true, that the stres ses and strains of an airplane accident are just as severe financially as they are mechanically. So I am more or less mortgaging the future to go on. But what are futures for ?
U. S. Army Transfers Captain R. C. Singer To Hawaiian Post
Capt. Richard C. Singer, of the U. S. Field Artillery, a member of the military staff of the University R. 0. T. C. unit, was assigned to duty with the Hawaiian department by army transfer orders of April 10, to take effect this summer. Neither the Purdue Military Department nor Captain Singer had received official notification of the prospective change yesterday and were unable to state when Captain Singer would leave. Captain Singer, with Mrs. Singer and their son, cdme here in 1931 fiom Fort Ethan Allen in Vermont. The captain was a member of the 1920 class at West Point Military Academy.
Illness Halts
McAndrew Convo
Because of illness, William McAndrew, widely known educator, will not be able to deliver his lecture “Life Among The Boneheads,” which was scheduled to take place in Eliza Fowler Hall Thursday night. This lecture was to have been the last of the lecture series of convocations for the year. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee on convocations and public lectures, stated last night that the convocation had been postponed indefinitely.
Ag Students Take First Honors At Flower Exhibit
University students took first place in the college section of the annual National Flower and Garden Show last week at Milwaukee, Wis., by amassing 82 points as compared to 53 points scored by the University of Illinois, second place winner. Thirteen agricultural students majoring in floriculture grew their own plants in the University greenhouse for the competition. Well Represented The University has been well represented in these shows, as they have taken runner-up honors every time that the College section has been run until this year. Illinois, Ohio State, Iowa State, Oklahoma A. & M., Maryland, and Cornell entered the show.
Dark Clouds
The following poem was found among the papers of the late Clem Bryan, Alpha Gamma Rho and senior forestry student, who died !^bruar^ 21, 1937. This unusual poem was written a few days before his death:
I am dying, like thunder in the sky, And only God can save me now As quietly I lie on my bed of rest, While angels cool my brow.
Tired—yes, and helpless too, , As limp hands lay by my side. Pale and cold they are, ^ But I know why—^they’ve died.
And too, soon the rest of me will go As I grow more helpless—qnd die. Parts tit a time, very long times. Still seconds pass with darker clouds in the sky.
It can’t be long, it seems to me— Eternity is passing in long array. ’Tis darker now, more clouds; I know ’twill end the day.
As faster they come across the sun, Driven by a mighty blow, So snuffs out my life, It’s time for me—I know.
—CLEM BRYAN.
Marital Talks
Begin April 15
Beginning Thursday, a series of five marital lectures will be presented under the auspices of a committee of senior men in conjunction with the University, according to a statement issued last night by Prof. O. F. Hall of the education department. The first three lectures will be open to all seniors and will be held in Fowler Hall. The last two meetings are for senior men only and will take place in the lecture room of the Education Building. Aspects Of Marriage' “Some Sociological Aspects of Marriage” will be the subject of the first talk, to be delivered by Prof. Hall. The following discussion will be presented by Prof. J. A. Estey on April 22, and will be entitled “Economic Factors Of Interest In Marriage.” On April 29, attorney C. H. Robertson of Lafayette, will talk on “The Legal Aspects Of Marriage.” The last two lectures, open to men only, will be “Marriage Prom The Viewpoint Of A Man Doctor” on May 6, by Dr. T. B. Wright, of the Indiana University school of medicine, and “Marriage From the VieW' point Of A Woman Doctor” by Dr. Elizabeth Strauss of Chicago, 111., on May 13.
Postpone Dr. Elliott’s Browsing Room Talk
The open meeting which Dr. Ed ward C. Elliott was to lead in the browsing room tomorrow evening on the subject “Ten Books I Shall Keep,” has been changed to April 29 because of a conflict with the Campus Concert.
Campus Choirs Combine To Give Musicale
All University musical organizations will combine to present a campus concert tomorrow evening in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. Featured in the concert will be Men’s and Girls’ Glee Clubs, the Concert and University Choirs, the University Orchestra, and Morey J. Doyle, pianist. “The choir not only makes a very definite contribution to the University life but ought to be heard widely by all lovers of great music sung greatly” was the opinion of Ralph Marshall Davis, minister of the Presbyterian Church of the Covenant, Erie, Pennsylvania, who addressed one of the University Convocations for Worship. GiUis Praises James M. Gillis, Editor of the Catholic World, who led a convocation last fall said, “I have never heard another choral organization that equalled yours in technique or in the power of interpreting great
The concert will consist of a variety program sung by the various organizations separately, and as a finale, the entire group of 200 voices will sing in \mison. Admission will be 35 cents.
Plan Program For Peace Day
Permission was granted yesterday by Pres. E. C. Elliott for a Peace Day program to be held by the Purdue Peace Committee in conjunction with the national Student Strike Against War. The movement is being sponsored by member associations of the International Youth Council, Y. M. C. A., the Wesley Foundation, and the No-Foreign War movement launched recently at a banquet at which Mrs. F. D. Roosevelt and Admiral Richard Byrd were the principal speakers. Decisions on the time and place of the discussion meetings and the mass-meeting which are to be held will be made this afternoon by the Purdue Peace Committee, which is composed of delegates from various campus organizations.
Campus Cleaning No Simple Matter^ Confides Oda, University Picker-Upper
By L. S. Hardin
“Sometimes I get three sacks full, sometimes I get six or seven, all dependin’ on the wind and the day,” answered 57-year-old, overall clad Oda Holleday, when I finally caught up with him ip front of the Service and Stores Building, after looking all over the campus for him.
You have all seen Oda, wearing his dark corduroy hunting cap and carrying a burlap sack supported by a black leather strap which extends up over his shoulder. Always he has his trusty pointed stick in hand, the metal point of which is worn shiny from constant gouging of the soil. Every time that point pursues a candy wrapper or a stray, test paper, it goes down but for one purpose—to help keep the campus clean. That is Oda’s job and he works nine hours a day six days a week doing it. “Yep, I’ve been working at this job 'ever since Christmas,” Oda confide<i. “But this is the first time since 1932 that a man has been kept on the job steady time.” More Students, More Trash! When asked where most of the newspapers and debris of all kinds accumulated Oda said, “Well, where ther’ is the most student traffic, there is where I get the most stuff. Now take the line across from the Union to the Armory,” he continued, taking a step in order to reach a red cigarette package with the point of his stick, “I have to go over that two times a day.” “Of course it all depends on the day. If the wind i§ in the northwest lots of stuff blows onto the campus.
while if it is in the south-east, it blows off.” Tired? Sure Does Oda get tired? Of course he gets tired. Don’t you get tired when you w’alk all day long ? With some eight miles of sidewalk at his disposal, let alone across the acres and acres of campus to be tramped over, don’t you think that the fifth bong of the clock on HeavUon Tower would be music to his ear's ? Yet, last evening, after his working hours were over, I chanced to look up from ffiy typewriter in the Exponent office and whom did I see but Oda himself. I’m sure that I must have looked rather dazed as I got up to speak to him. What was happening anyhow? I interviewed a man, then he comes to see me ? Corrects Error But Oda is a thorough man. After walking and thinking alt afternoon, he had come to the conclusion that, “You know, I’ve decided that I average about six sacks a day, not three as I told you this afternoon/’ So saying, he turned and walked, out of the office, leaving me still too dazed to say thank you. Then I remembered something that he had told me. He was one of a long line of Tippecanoe County Holledays, his parents and grandparents having been born and raised here. Of course, the figures had to be correct. And so Oda does his btt to do what we undo. He is one of a carew of eight men who have worked on the campus all winter, and one of the much lai-ger crew which is working now to put the campus back ip shape after last summer’s drouth.
.J % ■'8^/
* I#
Ptm*tm. gSgjUSmm
THE *KDtJB EXPONENT
M%t ^nrbue Exponent
Founded in 18S8
*I
g^woewted 60tt<9ittte
MMiSCM NCPncosNTco ron nationai. advertisino mr National Advertising Service^ Inc ColUt* Fmhttskm FepreseHtiOive 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHiCAOo • Boston • San Francisco Los ANOBLES • PORTLAND - SEATTLE
gS^
SoteKd 88 second class matte** at the post oftice, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliveted by wiBil, $8.S0 per year; delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL BOABO OF CONTROL R J Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morns, L D Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF MftTinying Editor — --- « EH Morns Associate Editors K A. Barnette, J. E Brock, A H Forster, B. P. Manion, C. K ^dler Sophomore Assistants. W. M. Anthony, D A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark L S Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance E H Kellogg, K, E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor — - J. C. Ohaver
Business Manager _ __ _ National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager „ Circulafaon Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF „ , „ , „ _ _ R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller W J. Gilhlan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves „ J. P. Girard F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor - Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood W. H. Fifield, S R Griffiths, R F. Obenchain
Editor Associate Editors Advertising Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech J^eanne Janousek, Dons McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—Don Paarlberg
Hospital Plan
Recently a hospital in Pennsylvania started a movement whereby a person of the most humble circumstances could be assured of hospitalization without being considered a charity patient. The hospital has formed an association which guarantees to pay $6.50 pen day for 21 days to hospitalize a patient in a semiprivate ward. A single person can join the association for $10 a year. A man and his wife can join for $18 per year while a man, wife, and child must pay $21 for the 12 month period. In 1936 over 7,150,000 people were cared for by the 7,000 hospitals of the United States with the average patient spending 12 days in the institution. Although these statistics reveal that about 18 per cent of the population of the United States were in a hospital last year, they do not take into consideration the vast number of people who should have gone to a hospital, but because of financial difficulties felt that they couldn’t. It is this latter group that the association’s plan should aid the most. What should be the benefits of this fine plan? First there undoubtedly will be a decrease in disease, and secondly there should be a rise in the efficiency of laborers. This latter benefit although seemingly a latent one is nevertheless far from being superficial. Certainly we must agree that the worker who knows that his sick are being properly cared for will be able to work more efficiently than if this wasn’t the case.—D. A. B.
Prevention Is Better Along with numerous other organizations, the National Tuberculosis Association has adopted the method of dedicating a “month” to its program. However, the association’s setting of April as the month in which to direct the nation’s attention to the dangers of the dread disease is of greater significance than the usual “Eat Tootsy-Wootsy Week.” The program has as its objective the emphasizing ot the importance of early diagnosis of tuberculosis. Dr. Kendall Emerson, director of the association, says that a great deal of the danger of the disease could be avoided through more general use of scientific methods which are now available. Although tuberculosis has long been attacked on numerous scientific fronts, 70,000 persons died from it in the United States every year. Recognition of the early signs of the disease and the use of available corrective treatments would reduce that toll immeasurably. Since tuberculosis annually attacks thousands of young people, it is important that students learn to recognize the danger signals. The four most obvious ones, according to the association, are: the persistent cough, indigestion, continued loss of weight, and unexplainable fatigue. The appearance of the signs should be followed by an immediate and thorough physical examination.—Ohio State Lantern.
U. S. C. Pledge Discipline
U. S. C. has adopted a new plan for pledge discipline which, according to Co-sponsors Bill Fisher and Bob Smirl, will solve all problems arising from the fraternal conviction that neophytes must be rigidly trained. This is not the first plan of an all-university nature; it is not even the first since Trojan fraternities involuntarily went off the swat standard two years ago. In the opinion of house presidents and other interested onlookers, however, it is the most comprehensive and workable plan yet devised. Paddlings, if one is to believe what the pledge-masters say, is a thing of the past on this campus. No longer do underclassmen jump and squeal as the willow descends upon the appointed spot. During that period of constructive work formerly referred to as hell week, moreover, it is assured that the lads now get their full hours of sleep and are no longer subjected to undue discomfort, physical or mental. Splendid— except that for many of us the new deal came too late! The best possible result that the Fisher-Smirl plan can bring, if successful, is that it will remoVe the perpetual discussion regarding means of dealing with recalcitrant pledges. House officers will henceforth find time for matters equally important and far less worrysome. Then, too, there is much valid opinion that no form of discipline will offer pertafn indication as to “what a man really has.” A lot of people think that hell week or work week, as imposed by upperclassmen, is attributable more to sadism than to bene-volenee.->-^outhem California Daily Trojan.
UP ANN ARBOR way . . . m the back woods . . . one BONTH WILLIAMS . . . endeavors to impress his public (?), the Wolverines of Michigan, with pitter and patter about everything and in general . . . and in his meandering it seems that my pal, BONTH, has indulged in the delightful art of taking a far flung rap at this un in particular . . . QUOTING FROM THE MICHIGAN DAILY .. . “Purdue’s daily pulp, which appears to rank among Conference papers in about the same spot as the Boilermaker track teams, runs a daily column called The Bold and Black which IS most appropriately named . . it takes my only acquaintance on the Purdue campus, a Grand Rapids gent named Carl Peth for one of those dirty rides ... I suppose they must have some sort of an emotional outlet in that God-for saken neck of the woods, however, where the only compensation is a bar called The Blue Blazer . . , An Editor of an EXCEPTIONAL sports column in a SUPERIOR Blah as everyone knows the Michigan Daily IS, must be awfully hard up for copy when he delves on the merits of a column unlike his own— in what he terms a hopeless mess like the Exponent . . think, my friend, how horrible life would be here if our “Blue Blazer” of which you speak, and our “Football Team” had to be traded for the two horrible similarities you possess up thar. The Pretzel Belle” and “The Wol-
verine Outfit!!” . . .
THE COLUMNISTS NIGHTMARJS ... a festival week-end for dress-soilers or pin-pushers . . TOPPING the list comes “Old faithful” BOB WALPOLE . BOB has just ruined the looks of LIBBY HUNTER’S dress front the minute she prettied it up with a Theta pm by putting a Phi Gam pin along side then “HANDSOME BILL” BERRY did the same thing to BETTY JO SEXTON with a Kappa Sig pin, which by the way, is just about as low as pinning a gal with a Phi Gam pm . . but not quite .... OF ALL THE CHISELERS, Lambda Chi, VERNON HILL and his newly acquired pin wearer, MERlAM WRAY, take the silk plushed sofa-coaster they don’t want it known that MERIAM has HILLY’S pm because HILLY doesn’t want to coast through with cigars for the boys I say Lambda Chis, are you men or mice’ I know MICE' TWO SPE PINS passed over the bar . . . KETTLE’S little Stooge, CLIFFORD, and McNEIL were the gullible members of that rowdy house AND NOW TURN TO THE THETA XIS fiist comes back to BOB RUTH that pm that
The thlnkinir fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenicer any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Family TODAY - WEDNESDAY Double Feature
PtALTOM has iieen, so she saill, so proud of... it’s mutual undorstand-r ing she claims . . . but SveryonO knows that she has been dating U freshman of thpt house, RODNEY HICKS ... AL$0 in that house was the merger of ED BLAIR witn "que ti-pi” LORENE BRISTOW . . BLAIR pulled a fast one on the boys by buying cigars with intent to pass out... the boys no find out of merger ... so hlD no passes out cigars ... he smoked them himself. DURING THE COACHES CONFERENCE .... last week ... some one remarked “Do you know why they run in droves of 12 or more” . . . . The answer was and should appropriately be, “No, why? ?” . And No. 1 remarked again, “It takes 12 of them to equal One good normal
edwereewfens- o’cla„W llii nWAe IT MUST HAVE BEEN FUN . . . watching “TARZAN” VALLELY toss out a certain gambler who was entertaining m one of the Union rooms with his pastime . . . BEWARE . . . seems to be the answer to those of you who have been using the Union as a gambling den . JUST ROOM FOR ONE MORE ITEM . . . come watch the fun . in some manner .. . fair or foul. ROSEY MILBURN, that hashing beauty, attained those once dirty cords of “TOUGH GUY,” WES DWIGHT . . . she had them cleaned and will present them to the big shot Wednesday noon in the Union Grille ... of course she won’t be able to present them if WES IS TOO CHICKEN TO PUT IN HIS APPEARANCE . . . BUT . . . come watch th^fun... I stake my money that WES has guts enough to appear . . .
Chi O Celebration Alumnae, actives, and pledges of Chi Omega sorority celebrated their annual Spring Eleusmian Celebiation last night at a dinner meeting at the chapter house. Jeanne Janousek, president, was in charge of the program, which included songs and reports concerning the Eleusinian.
Theta Chi
Theta Chi fraterriity announces the installation of the following officers, effective April 12. J. W. Seaborg, president; C R. Brewer, vicepresident; D R Vance, secretary, G. Tredwell, marshal; and R H Richwine, chaplain. Guards to be installed are R S. Beers and W J Derner J B Jackson is librarian and S D Weldy is historian
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“All he brought was this bulletin from the anti-liquor league.’
Hoof And Horn To Unveil Picture Hoof and Horn, animal husbandly honorary, will unveil the picture of J W Williams, formerly a noted breeder of Poland China Hogs, of Bryant, Ind., in room 118 of Agricultural Hall at 7:30 tonight. Williams died in 1930, but his outstanding work caused this organization to honor his memory in this manner This IS the eighth picture of prominent Indiana animal husbandrymen to be hung in this room by members of Hoof and Horn honorary in as many years The unveiling ceremony is open to anyone interested in attending.
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY Freddie Bartholomew and Jackie Cooper in “Devil Is a Sissy” —and— Raymond Massey in “Things to Come”
LUMA ALL THIS WEEK
R. M. Horn Improving Robert M. Horn, instructor in the speech department, and freshman debate coach, who underwent an emergency appendectomy Wednesday at the Home Hospital, was reported to be in good condition last night, though visitors are not permitted.
aiM
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
He was a gambling fool until he met a queen who topped his ace! He didn’t rate much with the officers . . . but he went over big with the general’s daughter . . . crowding a lifetime of love, fun and excitement into less than a day and winning the biggest bet of his life with a queen of hearts'
HOURS LEAVE
JAMES ELLISON tERRY WALKE
PLUS SECOND HIT! It will tug at your heart-strings! A Tender Love Story That Will Stir the Imagination . . . Thrill Your Senses ... Acted to Perfection by your Favorite Screen Sweethearts
' , -i'f.-j -i r } k"^ rtiiiiiiiUfiwfilt
"TOE
FfSSWSSBW
JiiiiMft'HiiBittiHiaai
Ol^er 200 Grid Mentors Attend Two-Day Clinic
Purdue’s sixth annual football clinic closed a highly successful two day meeting Saturday afternoon with the Boilermaker gridmen playing an inter-squad game on Stuart Field. The clinic, which was attended by over 200 high school and college coaches from nine states, was plentifully supplied with addresses, demonstrations, and practical field work. Elmer Burnham, Purdue’s head freshman football coach, opened the clinic Friday morning with a discussion of methods of evaluating football material, and was followed by Douglas Kerr of Horace Mann High of Gary, who took up the preparation and development of the average high school candidate in the fundamentals" of backfield play. Physical Well-Being , The physical well-being of the players was then taken up by Lundy Welbom of South Side, Fort Wayne, outlined early season conditioning methods, and Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, Purdue team physician and Lon Mann, trainer combined in a talk on the prevention and treatment of injuries. Prior to field work with the Purdue squad Friday afternoon in charge of Mai Elward and Mel Taube of the Purdue staff, Earl Pike of Garfield, Terre Haute, presented variations of punt formation offense. Speakers for the Friday night session were headed by Dr. Thurman B. Rice, Chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education of the Indiana State Board of Health, who spoke on “A National Athletic Program.” Other speakers included Dr. C. W. Spears of> the University of Toledo, and Bill Cerney of Notre Dame. Keith Crown of Horace Mann of Gary, acted as toastmaster of the evening. Motion Pictures After the banquet Friday night special football motion pictures were shown and a round table discussion for both coaches and officials was held in which the main theme for discussion was “Factors Influencing A Coach’s Tenure.” Dr. C. W. Spears headed the Sat-
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. 1U»K DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Beginners’ Swimming Class Opens This Week L. B. Hornberger’s recently organized beginners’ swimming class is still open and anyone interested in joining may report to the pool in the Memorial Gym at 4 p. m. the first four days of this week. With but 26 in the class at the present time, there is room for a number of students either to learn to swim or to improve their present strokes.
‘P’ Men’s Club Plans Gala W eek Program The “P” Men’s Club, recently organized lettermen’s organization, is planning a noteworthy program for Gala Week. The main feature will be a banquet in the Union on April 30. Plans are being made to make this the largest and best “P” Men’s banquet ever held. Several other major events have also been planned for this week-end, including the corner-stone laying of the new fieldhouse, the annual fresh-man-varsity football game, baseball games with Indiana, a track meet with Illinois, and tennis matches with Michigan and Iowa.
Co-ed Baseball Begins Today Women’s ^ intramural baseball games will start today with the beginning of a round robin tournament. The teams are divided into the American and National leagues. The four teams in the American League are Ward 1 and Ward 4, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta and Alpha Chi Omega, and the Women’s Residence Hall. Those teams in the National league are Ward 1, Chi Omega, Pi Beta Phi, Alpha Xi Delta, and Ward 3. A world series game will climax the tournament. Today’s games are Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. the Women’s Residence Hall and Chi Omega vs. Ward 2. All information concerning the games is posted on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gymnasium.
urday morning technical program, with Paul Brown of Massilon, O., and Glenn Holmes of Oak Park, 111., being the other speakers.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Attend the Prom in Reflected Glory Your hair will be a crowning glory from every angle if we do your coiffure. Our corps of hairdressers are expert in creating flattering ways pf doing your hair ... and our permanents are famous for the lovely “natural look” they lend to your hair.
Special Beauty Combination Hair trim> shampoo and finger wave — eyebroVir arch, facial and manicure ... all for
Special Oil Permanent Long, natural waves with fascinating ringlet ends. Complete with shampoo and set—all for
1375
$650
Thursday and Friday Are Special Days for Co-eds Call 7727 for an Appointment Now-—and Be Ready for the Propi. KIENLY'S BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Street
ielder’s.... ....choice .By tiob Walpole — Have you been out to take a look at the round-robin football games? . . . some swell material on that practice gridiron, probably the best Nobe has had for some seasons past . ... his skeleton plans for a line for instance, includes these . . . . Humphries at the pivot post, Andy Grant, Bykowski, and Nesbitt at the guards . . . Schreyer and Woltman at tackles of course, and Vergane, Jim Zachary, Abbott, and Don Powell on the wings . . . '—^fc— If you don’t think these guys are tough, come out and take a look for yourself . . . the teams are split up so that each of the four squads is fairly evenly organized . . . and the above mentioned fellows aren’t all of the good ones . . . there are lots more, but these stand out as being the more prominent individuals just now . . . ' —fc— Tomorrow this column will be conducted by one of our sophomores R. L. McDonald . .. and Wednesday night, if we can catch either Bob Lucas or Lefty Martin, Boilermaker baseball co-captains, at home, we’ll have their life history for you . . . —^fc— The ball club will break the ice tomorrow against the Wabash Little Giants . . . when we reached our deadline last night, the starting pitcher was still a question ... we thought that Dutch would save one of the boys, tomorrow’s starting pitcher, from hurling practice today, but the whole staff took their turns on the mound . . . —^fc— Next week-end will be the first week-end in years that a Purdue baseball team hasn’t had a game on the day after prom ... and the game is usually away from home . . .
Faculty Bowlers Win At Illinois U. The faculty bowlers were the sole University victors in a “strike-fest” sponsored by the University of Illinois Union last Saturday night at Champaign, 111. The Purdue varsity, together with a co-ed team, were downed by a strong Illini five. Phapp, a University man, was high scorer for the evening with a total of 586 pins. Wynkoop of the Illini tribe came in second best with 578. The final scores were Illinois 2,641, Purdue 2,691. Mary Grace Mytinger and Louis Putze, Union vice-presi-dents, and L. M. Vallely, manager of the Purdue Memorial Union, accompanied the team, were guests of the University of Illinois’ Memorial Union.
DePauwWill Be Host To Physical Ed Mentors DePauw University will be host to the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Physical Education Association to be held next Saturday at Greencastle. The program has been arranged to give instructors new ideas concerning their physical education classes, just as the Purdue football clinic was designed to give the coaches help for the coming year. Miss Ruth Kelley, president of the association, will have charge of the meeting which will include demonstrations of various physical education activities as well as talks and inspection of DePauw’s physical equipment.
SAE’s To Inspect Tractor Factory * Members of the University branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will make an inspection trip to the Caterpillar Tractbr Company, of Peoria, 111., on April 22. The group plans to attend the morning session of the tractor division of the SAE meeting being held in Peoria. During the afternoon an inspection trip will be made of the entire Caterpillar plant including the f oun dries and diesel engine plant. The trip is being arranged by M. C. Compton, E. M. Warren, and E. C. Yokel. Prof. G. A. Young and H. N. Harmon will accompany the group. K. A. Forsell, SAE secretary, states that anyone interested should see him.
Acacia Acacia, social fraternity, announces the initiation of R. H. Weaver, Elkhart; A. S. Rogers, Frankfort; A. J. Pafker, Cleveland, 0.; and C. A. Ross, KenilMidL
Mew Gym Provides Locker Rooms For Various Sports By Bill Fiffeld Hydrotherapy, diathermy, steam'room—these are just a few of the titles appearing on the plans of the ground floor of the varsity end of the new gymnasium. Lon Mann will be in charge of the training facilities which include the above mentioned sections. A man coming in with a stiff muscle may get one or several treatments. The diathermy room has a short wave outfit which gives off artificial sunlight and violet rays. In the hydrotherapy room there is to be a “whirlpool,” a tub of hot water that is agitated, for the treatment of charlie horses and sore muscles. Three Entrances The varsity men will Iiave three entrances to their quarters: one on the stair-hall on the Northwestern avenue side which will lead into the clean-up room, one from the field house leading into the clean-up room, and the third entrance will be from the mam entrance of the gymnasium. The clean-up room is for the use of the football men mainly, a place for them to clean their shoes and outfits after a muddy game. On one side of the room is the varsity football locker room. A large window will open into the varsity equipment room on the other side. In charge of the varsity equipment room will be Earl Cripe. We just wonder if he won’t get lost with so much storage space as is shown on the plans. Separate Locker Rooms Men in each sport will be located in separate groups or locker room. The varsity football men will have one room. The baseball and basketball men will have another room, and the track men will be in a separate section. The freshmen will have one large locker room. Besides the space we have already mentioned, there will be a lecture room, a coaches’ dressing room, and a shower room.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— -Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Chi. 2— ^Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 3— Triangle vs. Beta Theta Pi. 4— Theta Xi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 5— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 6— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Acacia. 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8— Ward 8 vs. Ward 11-x. 9— ^Ward 15 vs. Ward 16. 10— Ward 17-a vs. Ward 2. 11— Ward 4 vs. Ward 1.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST llSYz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
SUBSCRIBE rO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
Workout Starts Tonight For Froah Eaaeball Weather permitting, active practice for freshman baseball Ci^ndidates will be launched this afternoon at 4 o’clock, it was announced last night by C. S. “Pop” Dodn, head yearling mentor. All yearling diamond aspirants are expected to report to Doan at the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock for instructions.
Gridmen Continue Round-Robin Tilts; ‘Cec’ Isbell Stars Cecil Isbell continued his fine play in the spring football round-robin tourney by leading his red Wisconsin team to a 7-0 advantage at the close of the first quarter of the game with the Black Purdue team last night on Stuart Field. Taking the opening kickoff, Isbell was almost away for a touchdown but was stopped by the last man in his path. Following that he threw a long pass for the only touchdown and then kicked the extra point. Krause, a freshman on the squad, made a nice showing by snagging several pretty passes. The Wisconsin team has been “going great guns” all during the spring tournament, scoring 54 points m the first game last week and now adding seven more for a total of 61 points in five quarters of play. The Green Northwestern l^am and the Yellow team of Ohio State finished the first quarter of their game last night tied, 0-0.
NOTICE
All fraternity golf and mass horseshoe entries must be in today. The mass horseshoe entries should include a complete roster of the fraternity. ^CLEVETT.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
EKlamondiiiieii Will Battle Wabash Today The Boilermaker baseball Dine will make its first start of the season since the successful southern training trip when it journeys to Crawfordsville this afternoon to meet Wabash at 3:30 o'clock in the first game of a home and home series. The series will be contannecl here tomorrow afternoon at 4p,m. in the first home game of the season for the Boilermakers. For today's tilt, Coach Dutch Fehring announced that either Carroll Mangas or Joe Doan would be the pitching selection, with either Bob Rosser or Arnold Bredewater to draw the starting mound assignment here Wednesday. ^ The probable Purdue batting order will be as follows: Bartz, rf; Poulos, If; Waling, lb; Breslin, 3b; Baker, cf; Krause, c; Lucas, 2b; Thompson, ss; Mangas or Doan, p. Spelling bees are “coming in” again at the University of" Baltimore. Prizes are being awarded to the winner and two runners-up in the Contest sponsored by the Student Activities Association.
KEYS Kcgra for tmnks, door loeka, doA locka, nieht lotehoo ud podlorko Aato ktja and hondlo locka ■ aBO> ciaitjr. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phono 2828 Laiarottih bd.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC Phone 4450 1622 East Main
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at SOUTHWORTH’S
Night life is nothing new to Arrow. For many years. Arrow dress shirts, collars and ties have been attcaoiding many gay parties. Today, Arrow still holds the fashion front. Whether you are wearing tails or tux, insist on Arrow—^it’s authentic. This season we* bring you UDO and KIRK, two dress shirts of distinction S3 each. Arrow collars — 35c. Dress ties $1.
Mitogo'-^tailored to ht Sanforized Skrm^
I
I i
11 V' ^ >!• Vj/' "'' *, ,
4rK
'y i^,
rrr
J! ;
■>^ >
i-.
Pttttc F^w 9HtSSSBBBBSSSB
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 13,193%
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADUING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershdff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.,
Metal Type Table—Portable victi’ola Monarch typewriter. Tuxedo suits, ‘5ize 40. Moore’s Colonial Maiket. 220 North Fifth street
NOTICES
No noticas accepted after S p. m.
Etc Kappa No—Bowlingr April 13, 6:80 p. m , actives vs E E faculty —LEFFEL
W. A. A. Baseball—Following games are to be played at 4 p m April 18: Kappas vs W R H , Chi Omega vs Ward 2 —TOWNSEND
Catalyst Club—Important meeting at the Beta Theta Pi house at 7 p m. April 13 —STROM
Festival Day Costume Committee—Meeting of all girls on this committee at 4 p. m April 13 in the W S G A office —HUBER, AVERY
Scabbard and Blade—Initiation banquet at the Lincoln Lodge at 6 30 p m April 13 Pledges repoi t at the Armory at 6 p m in formal uniform —BUENTING
Co-eda—^All co-eds interested In working on the W S. G A. for next year report to the W S G A. office at 6 p. m. April 18. —STEWART.
Phi Lambda Upsilon — Pledges bring themes, reports, and chocolate drops to initiation April 14 —PERKINS
P E. W. Horseback Riding—Following girls report to Women’s Gymnasium April 13 at the specified hours • 1 30—Ruth Blunt, Louise Lyman, Jean Beemer, Ruth Giave, Jane Fleig, Dorothy Miller, and Virginia Laiamore 2 80—^Thelma Hamhn, Mary J Hague, Jerry Grave, Betty Hixon, Margaret Timberlake, and Marjorie Rogers If unable to keep appointment, telephone the main office before 11 30 a m —HAZELTON
Have You Had Your Winter Overcoat Moth-proofed?
W S G A. Judicial Board—Important meeting April 13 at 7 16 p m in the office All members please be present —FELDT
P. E W Bowling—Women who wish to elect bowling may do so on Tuesdays and Thuisdays at 9 and 10 a m and on Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a m —HAZELION
Farm Management Conditions—Examina tions for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1
-MAUCH
Christian Science Organization—-Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Memorial Union Building at 7 15 p m April 13 -WINTER
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Initiation April 14 t I 30 in room 320 of Chemistiy Building —WERNER
P 1 A —All candidates for elective offices must turn in petitions at the P I A office by o p m April 13 —HERSH
Alpha Phi Omega—Special meeting of all members April 14 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building Spring spree committee members bring plans of action for your department and report of current activities —MERRIAM
W S G A —Following girls report at the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p m April 13 June Young, Gaby Roe, Eileen DeVault Pauline George Alice Harrington Elizabeth Barnes Marv Margaret Helm —SMALL
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Eta Kappa Nu—Infoimal initiation at 7 p m Apiil 14 in room 132 of the Electrical Engineering Building —SCHLUNDT
Peace Committee—Meeting at 6 p m April 13 in room F of the Union Building —MIRKIN
Peace Play Tryouts—Anyone inteiested meet in the tower lOom at 7 30 p m on April 13 —RADKEY
W S G A Festival Day Posters—Impoitant meeting of all who wish to work on the poster committee April 13 at 4 p m in the W S G A office —DRISCOLL
Scrivener Club—Regular meeting at 116 Sheetz street April 13 at 8 p m Bring manuscripts —RADKEY
Union Workers—Mytinger’s, Perkins’ and McLeod s committees report to the Union office at eailiest possible time the afternoon of April 13 —McLEOD
Union Workers—My committee will report to the sub-basement at 4 p. m. April 13. —WIEGAiNuf
Union Workers—Putze s and Pforzheimer s qommittees report to the workshop at 4pm April 13 —PROFZHEIMER
Union Workers—All available workers leport to the balhoom at 4 p m or to subbasement at 7 p m April 13 —SCATTERDAY, STALLINGS
Festival Day Dance—Practice in Women’s Gymnasium April 13 Irish group at 4 30 p m and Scotch group at 6 —SMITH.
W. A. A. Golf—Meeting of all girls who wish to participate in golf on April 13 at 4 p m Very important —WILEY
SUDDEN f^ERVICE
□
P
rinting
Office Stetioaeiy.. Wedding InvIMiont £eles Books, Ete....
PHONE _ , 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408IFER«il
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
P E. W.—Following girls are being reported absent from class for failure to register for spring activities Mary Weisbach Eleanoi E Johnson, Margaiet Maxwell and Barbara Pickett Repoi t at once to the mam office —HAZELTON
Trustee Edgerton To Address Ceres
Membeia of Ceres, agronomy honorary, will hold an open meeting tonight in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 30 p. m Palmer Edgerton, a trustee of the University, who manages more than 18 farms in this state, will deliver the main address. He will talk on the general subject of farm management and farm problems.
Scabbard And Blade To Initiate At Banquet
Scabbard and Blade, military honorary society, will hold its initiation at a formal banquet at the Lincoln Lodge tonight at 6:30, not at the Memorial Union Building as erroneously reported in these columns last Saturday Prof J. A Estey, head of the economics and history depai’tment, will be the principal speaker of the evening. Pres. E. C. Elliott will be among the guests present.
Kappa Delta Pi
Kappa Delta Pi, education honorary society, pledged the following persons at a meeting held April 9 in the Memorial Union Building: L F Douglas, Grace Kirtland, Phyllis Holt, Clarence Luke, Harriet Morris, Jeanne Stiles, P. B. Stucker, Elizabeth A Stewart, Virginia Slocum, Catherine A Cromer, Robert Byrd, Frances Doyle, Damon Cation, and Kathleen Jewett
All Garments that are Crown Cleaned and Pressed are mothproofed. No extra charge for this service.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Pan-Hellenic Council Revises Constitution
The Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council effected constitutional revisions at a meeting held in oom A of th^ Memorial Union Building yesterday Some changes will also be made m the rush rules for next fall although the same general plan begun last fall will be followed, states Mary Gene Jarrett, president Newly installed officeis include Maijorie Poor, secretai-y-treasurer, and Mary Jean Light, vice-presi-dent.
Tower Theatre To Hold
Tryouts Today At Four
Tower Theatre, dramatic organization, will hold tryouts for their second series of plays this semester in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building today at 4 o’clock. Three plays are to go into production immediately and the organization urges all dramatically inclined students and those with past experience to try out for parts. The plays will be piesented May 11 and 12 in the tower room, when the audience will be asked to offer criticism on the presentations. Don F. Muller, Thais Crepps, Art Radkey, and Milo Eaton aie directing the work.
Gold Peppers Initiate 20 At Sunday Breakfast
Twenty pledges of Gold Peppers, senior women’s activity honorary, weie initiated Sunday morning in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building The foimal initiation followed a breakfast in the peasant room given by the pledges foi the active members. Stunts, songs, impersonations of actives, and the presentation of paddles were part of the program
PIA Candidates Submit Election Petitions
All PIA. election candidates must turn in their petitions by 5 p. m. today at the P. 1. A. office for the election to be held April 23. Those who have already submitted petitions are: N. M. Parkhurst and R. H. Schlundt, president; W. Feldman and R. B. Clymer, vicepresident; Mary Wien, co-ed executive; Wells, Briscoe, and Wright, tieasurer; Phyllis Crossman and Martha Whitehead, secretary.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds . JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
Dr. Miller To Speak In Indianapolis Tonight
Di. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service at the University, will address a joint meeting of the Indiana Tuebrculosis Association and the Indianapolis Medical Society in Indianapolis tonight on "Control Of Tuberculosis Among College Students ”
“C.” CARTER
for
New Lawn Mowers Pennsylvania Quality
Trade in allowance on old mower. Free coupon with each lawnmower sharpen-
ing job.
We Call for and Deliver Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
ADULT TAP CLASS FOR BEGINNERS Enroll WED., APR. 14, 6:00 P. M. Advanced THUR., APR. 15, 6:00 P. M. PHONE 2150
Allen S 6th and Ferry