' , ,
r*
MERRY-GO-ROUND ! ' t Comments On Teheran Conference
seavtcf PAGE TeKs About Coming V-12 Show
Established 188t
Dance Friday
Volume'56, No. 89
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December t4, 1943
Freshman Eds May Vote For Green Potters Today Tl I 77^ _ ,, , , . 7 Z - I . Polls Open In Front Of Sweet University To Hold Annual Forum Will Explain s/io, from 70 4. m.7o 5 p.m iir L - ^JL C-..* ^1 « /\Cf IVIl IGS' I On^OrrOVi^ Freshman service men on the campus will be eligible along ^||pf5rifiCiS V^OflVO rriOfOy with an other freshman eds to cast.their vote today for seven / Representatives from ten campus activities will explain the of the twelve men who have been nominated in the Green PotAnnual Christmas Convocation will be held at 8 p. m. Friday in the Music Hall, and will fea- purpose and benefits of their activity and the type of work ter’s election. tUre 350 students, including the Glee Club, University Choir, and University Orchestra. which is done at the Activities Forum tomorrow in room 355 Polls for the election, which will be conducted by Student The program, as announced by A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations, will be opened of the Union for the benefit of all service men, freshmen and Senate and the Skull and Crescent honorary, will be open from
by an organ prelude by Albert Meyer of the Navy V-12, followed by a choral prelude, “White Taylor, executive for Activities Christmas”, sung by the Glee Club. The University Orchestra will play “Waltz of the Flow- Bureau, which is sponsoring
Lt. Hamilton Relates Pacific Experiences To Large Audience
ers” and “Russian Trepak” from the Nutcracker Suite by ' Tschaikowsky and a “Christ-
mas Fantasia”.
Six candle-lit choirs, singing carols, will enter the Music Hall from six different points and will proceed to the stage, where they will give the “Christmas
Cadettes Graduate From Ten-Month Training Course
the Forum.
The activities representatives who will speak are: Doris Hahenstein, YWCA; Ruth Rentsch, Debris; Dick Hasse, Union; A1 Lindskoog, Senate; Mar-y Lou Sternberg, Playshop; Nelda Reed, WBAA; Martha McCulloch,
Seniors Get Graduation
Questionnaires
10 a. m. until 5 p. m. in front of
the Sweet Shop.
Any male freshman who presents his passport or schedule card will be allowed to vote; and the nominee receiving the largest number of votes will become president, with the six run-ners-up taking positions on the
GIs Attend PE Today 'Doc' Miller Claims Epidemic On Decline
AILASTP students will start at-
If a favorable reception is ob- frosh board.
AWS; Carolyn Wilbur, Exiionent; tained from a questionnaire sent Those nominated by members of
By Cal Streeter they will give the “Christmas Eighty-thi-ee girls who started a Judy Jones, Activities Bureau, and from the office of the president yes- their class by the filing of petiPriday night a capacity audience Chorologue” by Olds, accom- ten-months training course as en- Mary Ann Diesslin, PIA. terday, graduation for approxi- tions are: Boy Battis, Page Bowles, heard Lt. (jg) Edward T. Hamil- panied by Albert Meyer at the cadettes for Curtiss- An Activities Bureau film which lately 80 students will be held in Collis Chandler, Charles Davis, Ed- tending PE classes this morning at ton relate some of his experiences This is a musical can February are scfieduled was taken last year and which Fowler Hall January 2. ward Easley, Art Fairman, Mike g, according to Chief Clevett, head during his sixteen-month tour of ^ ’ v. V rl -f complete their studies today and shows campus life will be exhibited After receiving numerous re- ^olow^ow, Jei'ry Hmes, Ken Key, ©f the physical education depart
duty in the South Pacific. He in- SUng as a background for will graduate with ceremonies to after the talks, troduced his listeners to a new the reading of the Christmas be held this aftei-noon in Eliza
world of mud and vermin, including story by Fritz Bauchwitz. Bet- Fowler Hall at 4, it was announced
Japs, in which his American comrades are buying our freedom. Lt. Comdr. Vetter, in charge of the naval training unit at the University; introduced the speaker. The Army, Navy and Marine trainees attended in a body, filling most of the auditorium. Deep silence in the hall attested to the interest of the
men.
Otte of Three
When Lt. Hamilton returned
ty Wedge will sing the solo. Independents' Elections Set For Dec. 30
today by Prof. C. W. Beese, war
training director.
The graduation exercises will be in charge of Prof. Harry L. Solberg, head of the Schools of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering. Appearing on the program as the main speaker will be Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, University
Elliott Attends Meeting Friday On AST Future
quests that a graduation ceremony of some form be held for seniors eligible for diplomas in January, F. C. Hockema, executive dean, issued mimeographed questionnaires to the students concerned asking whether they would be in favor of the program. In order that quick action may be taken on the matter, Dean Hockema has asked that
Wadleigh.
Dean Harry J. Reed, director of the department of agricultural ex-
, the enclosed return postcards be
President E. C. Elliott, who will sent to his office as soon as possible,
faculty member and famed woman be in Washington next Friday, will Elliott to Present Diplomas
engineer attend a special meeting of the i •
Army-Navy board to discuss pos- indicated by the ques- tension, addressed the sible elimination of the Army spe- tio^naire. go through, graduation county agricultural agents, home
Also appearing on the program training program Sunday, January 2, at demonstration agents, extension ,11 u., 4.„4. r<..„ 2 p. xn. in Fowler Hall. President specialists and farmers on the prb-
PIA elections for independent Representatives to Appear from the Pacific, one of three re- students will be held Thursday, De-
maining of a squadron of 231 men, cember 30, In the Union Building, will be representatives of the Cur- _ ^ pn,he was sent on a speaking tour of according to Jim Perille, member- tiss-Wright corporation, R. D. Carl- Elliott will present the diplomas duction of food in wartime at the venting and curing colds Dr. Miller camps and bases to talk to the men. ®bip chairman. Officers that will ton, engineering manager of the ^771:7^ and will give a short address. The final session of the annual confer- has given the following advice:
As he said, “I guess I didn’t feel be chosen are as follows: Presi- Louisville, Ky., plant, and Hum-
Owen Pollard, Jim Rupel and Paul rnent. All civilian and navy classes
in PE-12 will start next Thursday. Army men are to report to the Fieldhouse in street uniforms where they will'be informed of new setups in the physical education pro-
gram.
According to Dr. Miller, the flu epidemic has gieatly decreased on campus, but the number of colds still remains at a high level. Some of these colds could be prevented if the students would always wear
I^iana ®^otbing when they went out-
side and took some of them off when going indoors, said Doc, In order to aid students in pre-
Reed Talks To Ag Extension Workers On Current Problems
1. Proper clothing should be
HU, i BucBo X uiuii I, xcci - “ 7 --.z-. X- , of distinguished educators. It orig- large number of mid-semester grad- ence Friday.
like it.” Then he realized.that the den*- vice president, Coed executive, phrey Keever, planning engineer at ^LTavy contracts to^the occasioned by the eight Dean Reed emphasized that the worn in wet and cold weather. This
y navy contracts the weeks semester prior to the present extension service’s primary job is includes hats and caps, rubbers, ga-
service men at home were hungry treasurer and secretary.
the Columbus, Ohio, plant. The ca-
for and needed first-hand informa- Petitions for nominees must be dettes will be presented by Prof. a'ljT aTcordln^to’ placed many students to keep people informed aboTit the loZs!'ralnroa7s7toproVtranl ov^^^^ tion from the front. Lt. Hamilton in by next Thursday and must be K. D. Wood of the aeronautical en- s > g t.Vip nnsit.ion nf hnvmo- tiivoo +n —i.i ..c x-j... __j x . ...
has never prepared his talks ahead, placed in the PIA box, which is at gineerin^ department, and certifiHe prefers to tell things just as he the east desk of the Union Build- cates will be awarded by Dr. A. A. remembers them and he said that ing. First three of the above of- Potter, dean of the University enhe could never forget. fices must be filled by juniors or gineering schools.
Lt. Hamilton was commissioned seniors. The treasurer and secrein February, 1942. He has since tary may be applied for by anyone lived a lifetime, as Comdr. Vetter in their sophomore year or above, stated. He is now in training at Petition Requirements the University as flight instructor. All petitions must have 26 sigIn closing he put to the audience the natures, and then the names of question which is always first in his those up for nomination will be mind, “What can I do right here voted on by the present PIA board,
to help?”
nominees and campaign for
election to be held on the 30th. Although no definite decision was . . . assistant chief of the horti Service men are included and *eached the purposes and duties of culture department, has been grant- outlook in particular,
may petition for positions, but all council were decided. It ed a three months leave from his “Farm Planning for the Future” potential candidates must be inde- v’as decided, also, to make the coun- University duties to work with the and “Winter Repair of Machinery”
pendent students.
Students To Visit
I
Activities Bureau With Gift Worries
By George Helffrich
"twas the night before Christmas and there sat Johnny in the Sweet Shop opposite a sultry blonde worrying about what he was going to
get her for the coming day of mer- Thursday at 4 p. m. in room riment. There he sat, listening to 3Q0 of the Union Building for all “Stardust’ ’whirling merrily in the service men and civilians interestjuke box, looking into the pair of ©(j working with the student govblUe limpid pools (eyes to you) sit- erning body,
ting across the beautifully carved
where the ASTP and NCTP are con-
cerned.
According to reports in the Chicago Tribune of Sunday, movements are under way to disband the ASTP and to return the men to the troops. According to Dean Hockema the matter of disbanding the ASTP is definitely under consideration as is evidenced by the meeting scheduled
Last Thursday evening the heads for next Friday,
of some of the various activities on
Executive Dean Hockema, its deci- j’-??®" problems of today and tomorrow, coats in wet and cold weather. . , , ’ . , . SIX credit hours only remaining to v . i .1. _x . • , /'
sions have considerable weight ? .*. .tu • j z.A amn complete their graduation require-
ments.
Activity Heads Meet To Make New Plans For Student Council
Those who are accepted will be notified. Then they can form their
parties from the other accepted campus met together to make plans DttQ'f p ^ Gavlotd nominees and camnaiirn for the ^ new Student War Council. • • • j
He also asked that extension work- g. Moderately warm baths fol-
ers strive for efficient production,
definite post-war community p an- excellent measure for ning and the betterment of older preventing or curing colds,
youth groups.
Speaker Predicts exertion. Those The speaker predicted that even- ^ith colds should not try to work tually agriculture will suffer from them off in the gymnasium, the war. The nation will suffer also ^ Sleeping in a drafty cold dorfrom inflation, but agriculture will 3.voided. not be the cause of this inflation. studying also should ba The meeting was also addressed kept at a moderate temperature.
12:30, Monday through Friday, will C. W. Jones of Chicago, mer- Cross ventilation while drivinterview agricultural authorities chandise supeiwisor of Sears, Roe- automobiles should be avoid-
on the agricultural outlook in gen- buck & Co., who spoke on the cureral and on the hog, cattle and dairy developments in the farm ma- ■' - • ■ ' ' chinery amd home equipment fields.
Farm Forum Presents Agricultural Authorities Over WBAA This Week This week the Farm Forum, presented over WBAA from 12 to
Senate Will Hold Callout Thursday student Senate will hold a call-
table from him. He was worrying
resentatives, the Senate sponsors all
about what he would give the cute elections. Another activchick tomorrow. Yes, Johnny’s still . .
ity of the Senate is the lost and
in the Senate officers a painter or artist who can help publicize the
wondering what he’s going to get department. Of special need
hi^ little hunk of happiness across th.^1 table. As he moved over to sit
closer to her, we decided that we 7ctNiti7s“by''post7rs
had, better take a powder m spite of how much he was still worrying
about that present.
Thousands of fellows aie sitting, listening, looking and wondering about the same thing all over the country, but there is no need for
it here on the campus.
cil a larger group of people than Cuban Department of Agriculture, will be other topics under discusthe previous organizations have President E. C. Elliott announced sion. “Four-H Scholarships” and been, and also to make it a body today. As a wartime measure Cuba “Agricultural Activities in Tippewhich would represent every group is growing tomatoes by irrigation canoe County” will be featured toon the campus. for allied military use. P,rof. Gay- day. The Homemakers Club of the Plans for the new council will be lord will act as consultant on toma- Air, presented at 1, will discuss food
completed at a meeting this week, to harvesting and preservation. problems.
Vas Iss Bundling? . . .
Thoms, Sykes Lead Playshop Cast In Spirited New England Comedy
6. Sneezing and coughing in pub-
lic must be prevented.
7. At least eight hours of sleep each night are essential to prevent
colds.
8. A balanced diet, iiicludnig fruit juices, cod liver oil, alkalinizatioii and vaccines are of value in ward-
ing off colds.
9. Bacterial conditions of mouth
. . „ . , , , and throat should be improved by . use of the proper mouth washes and
gargles.
10. Kissing is
Fifty Girls Register For New Wright Field Training Course Here
istered yesterday for the third engineer trainee program' to be offered in aircraft radio work at the
dangerous at any
u7Ne7sity"fo7the"TireVaft Radio '^ben eith-
Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, ^oth persons have colds.
Ohio. Selected through civil serv- H- Drinking intoxicating iiquors
ice, they will train for 26 weeks in should be avoided
mathematics, shop, drafting, engineering principles, electricity, electronics, measurements, radio circuits and theory, radio laboratory and radio shop. Upon conclusion
AIEE Sets 5 P. M. Deadline Tomorrow
ASTP Gets Two Extra Days For Holiday Vacation
By Peg Steffes .
Playshop’s production of “The to a pleasing degree, and looked acter to begin with, but Booth made course they will be assigned Pursuit of Happiness” over the every inch the part of a charming the most of it with considerable Aircraft Radio Laboiatoiy week end was one of the most de- New England maid with plenty of amplification. Lois Jane Vaughn assist engineers in lesdaic , delightful things to hit the ^mpus spirit. was a sanguine Comfort Kirkland, velopment and testing of ahborne
in a long time. Friday’s sh^w was There was never a dull moment a blessed relief from the usual pur undoubtedly the superior onehf the as far as the costumes went, for itanical versions of that type of ...
AIEE election ballots must be four performances, when a capacity each cast member was benefitted character. raii'lng Course in the office of the Electrical En- house of 600 at Fowler Hall stimu- with colorful, historically correct Jim Yingst, out of his usual ele- course is being offeied
The Activities Bureau is sponsor- gineering Building by 5 p, m. to- lated the cast to its best efforts. costumes that added much to lively ment as the Reverend, succeeded training piogram accou mg to an aiuiouncemui > ing a gift service for all service morrow, as was announced by Ray An expository first scene was action of the play. in performing the prudish role with of the Univeisity headed by Piof. . o. lou an inia,\. ^ ® men such as Johnny. Representa- Smith, present vice president. Nom- rather laborious and gave the im- Lynch Almost Seals Show not too much austerity. Credit ^esse. Pi^f- C. W. Cadwe wo tays to no tnignna y so lectives of the bureau will offer gift inees for chairman are J. P. Costas, pression of a serious war play. How- Betty Joan Lynch as Meg nearly should be" given to Dale Duffin and School of Electiica ngi- u ei one o, luis nui--. suggestions to all comers, and will J. A. Henderson, J. H. Juengst, R. ever, as soon as George Sykes as stole the show with her gay per- George Spelvin for ad libbed head- educationa^ supervisoi, Accoiding to a statement from wrap the presents for mailing if E. King, R. L. Larson, R. R. Nud- Max Christmann starting “making formance of the mischievous girl, wagging in the proper places which assisted by a staff of 12 instruc- the president’s office, iho navy add they so wish. If you are in doubt mg, M. R. Pagliarulo and A. J. sparks” with Marge Thoms, play- Betty’s voice piojection was excel- relieved their mute parts. i j u as to where or whether you can pur- Weinberger. ing Prudence Kirkland, in the sec- lent, and she put over her punch Sunday Performance Success Twenty-nine girls completed the Saturday, Januaiy 1. mdoss further chase the article, a delegate will see 0. G. Myers and G. F. Iddings are ond scene, the tempo was pleasant- lines with marvelous alacrity. Allen The Sunday afternoon service last engineer trainee course at the ordeis aie uveicod ccmcouung' the
Men in the at my soecializcd train-
radio equipment for the Army air ing piogiaiu will tecoive Friday, forces. December 21, and Satuiday, Jan-
uary 1, 1944, in addition to the veg-
The course is being offered as ularly sch.eduled rhiistmas holiday.
navy s^udotus.
The na\y and civilian students, will leceive Friday and Saturday of the Chustmas iioUday vacatiou with penally day.-, for civilians on
to it that this angle is taken care running for secretary; there is no ly accelerated. Don seemed to enjoy himself while men’s performance was a complete Ui^iversity October 16. of. contest for treasurer, since Pris- Leads Put Over Bundling playing Aaron Kirkland and never success as far as Playshop is conThere will be nominal charges for ciliazHendricks is the only nominee. Marge and George both came lost his characteristic limp. cerned, for nearly 500 saw the show Dr. f. C. Elliott the wrapping and postage, if the F. E. Funk, C. C. Martindell and through with heart-warming per- Bill Clemens managed to insert and a very small percentage of the parcel is to be mailed, and the W. L. Schoonover are candidates formances as the young lovers who humor into his part of the would- audience were da.tes. Evidently . . . will leave tomorrow for Eu-
boxes must be furnished by the for senior representative, and F. triumphed in spite of bundling, be stoical Col. Sherwood, while Mar- scuttlebutt was working overtime, dicott, N. Y., where he is to deliver Thursday piecedmg and Monday sender, The office in room 356 of J. Vegh and W. J. Williams are the Sykes handled his German accent vin Barab never let his Mose, the Director Carl B. Cass and Tech- the commencement address at the following. Penally days for Frtthe Union will be open Monday junior representatives. The only well without overdoing it, and servant, become spiritless. nical Director Elsie Yehling deserve graduation on Thursday of a train- day, Saturday and Monday of New through Friday from 4 to 6 p. m. sophomore nominated is G. L. turned ip'a dashing impersonation Thad Jennings, played by George compliments for a thoroughly en- mg class of the International Busi- Yeais week end will also be in
and on Saturday from 1 lo 2 p. m. lliiggs. of the Hessian. Marge leciprocated Booth, was a persimmon-like char- gaging entertainment. ness Machines Corporation. force.
\ ...(li”
y
iM
1*;^
r^K 1 V
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday^ December 14^ 1943
T
Purdue Exponent
combined with
Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spo.ts, Fieldhoiise, Phone 2792 Editorial Phbnc After 10 p. m , 5377
Editt^r Bu«;mcB6 ?fianapcr News Editor Mnnafini? Editor Sports Lditor^
nils Murphj Mary Dills William 11 T-vsnii Caroljn “Vt illmr Kr>mond I Smith RussoU M 1 ipcs
Publication Staff
Fditonnl StnfT
A'isnciaic Editors Tncl Moett RiiLh M Ford Madelyn A
Gr'‘tTi''s lam*- T Uul \l] nil nl ^
KnU li AV
A‘«'=‘oCJiitc *’porl& 2 dit( rs Inn lUnn C'^ri r Aim n t A
Scnico S n't M rn^’ Hi ( Li Jack Mnr ire 115 N im i In
M11 11 t At
l\ 11 Man Ai
btclfr^s Ih 1 J CL
hi
K tti j? Bob BakLi
Business Staff
Adiertisinp Manngrer C I O lunt Assistant \d\ertisinfr Man^^cr 13 ttv Maney Circulation Minajrcr R C S merman
Staff For This Issue Niuht Fdiior R clnid^on Day Fditor Mann ( it> Editor Icrd Hsue Editor Garrett Spoils I (lit r I* Garber Reporters ( A 1 L u Al C u Iincli Cold Put Ot 1 Sti I ’'In tin Ha\nc Ii ok Erhci Kistnci tccif^o 01 A 1 c 1 1 ( n I 7s c Ucb nbert, btafi Photoprnpher AA C Toibcr
Entered as second class maUer at the post office an Liafay ette Indiin-i unci r the net of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the cpcciil ntc of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Ol l<r 3 1^1 aithon7cl Tanuary 20 1922 Publish d on 7 il na Fhur ihi an 1 baturday mornmES dur11 g tlu icai CN it LCitiin \iciti)n i iiods Delivered daily b earn r f r 1 for a bcm st i Iv mail for 60 for a sem t r 1 Cl i lions Tnn> I ol t lined at the Exponent oiTjcl c r nt the A\ l P k of U c U non R prcsoi ted for T'^t na! id\ itrsing bv National Advertis mg SeriicG lie ( IIcko I illisheis Kepresentativeu 42U Madi on A\€ Neiv lioik N A.
Dancing At / Coed Canteens .
t
Aftei New Year’s, coed canteens will return to the campus as a means of allowing the coeds and the seivice men to get better acquainted We can remember the canteens of last semester, and always had a good time whenever we attended There is one sore spot of which we are particulaily fond in regard to these canteens. That sore spot i evolves around an ancient campus regulation w hich forbids dancing on Sunday To us this appears to be outmoded Of course, we lealize that the supporters of this law may have something on their side, but we can not find anyone on the camphs who objects to it foi any other reason than that theie IS a University lule against it. Surely, if such a rule is the only thing that IS keeping people, and we doubt that it is, from dancing, and if no one can think of any reason why there should be such a rule, surely some change is called for We do not believe that there are enough people in the state who object to Sunday dancing to affect seriously the University’s reputation if such dancing was allowed We feel certain that all the girl and most of the boys would be more inclined to attend a canteen if they knew that dancing would be included along with the bridge and conversalion
Ihdependent
“The congressmen are a bit fussed today—somebody spread a rumor that they’ie to be replaced by WAGS ”
Ninety-Eight
Re? U S Pel OH
mm By DREW PEARSON Observers See Tremersdous Triympii For Ryssia; New Bbck Market* Twist”, Hose io Liquor Stores W\SHI\GTO'n—Diplon itic 'ippiaisals of the Tchcian Co ifciciice h'i\c gone much deepei than the hiicf comiinnique i'' ued Stilin Roosevelt and Chuicl 11 \ ie\ ni membeis ol the Diplomatu Co 1 ho Know so)i oi the inside things that hap pentd Ktoie Tci ei m ihcic w 11 he one all impoitant hu lutlc noticed le till I roin now on }{'bsi i will dominate the Gulf of Pci‘-ia the Red ‘'fj 'h" Indian Ocean and can have, if '.he wi lus I M(\l etcntinl influence m freeing Jrdi 1 lo got lilt lull sivnifiv-Tiict lemember that foi moie than i teimiit [ohtian has been a sjmbol ot ritalit Lctw^ti Biitain and Rusi-ii It has been the ireetiTg point of the pheiesof influence of the two nations in Iran Mm b itisJi foi tears hate tonfiolled Iian south oi itlc’ n the Ri ssi ins have contiolled Iian to thf I oilh Tttlou'-h nd tuoirtsl the BiiLish hate guaidtd Th» Gull r t Pi 1 It to 1 ict ent Russian influence fiom cicep n town tot id 11 li i likewise thet have sup po td tn bit L Ol \ I oil mist in to keep the Russi ns fioni ci cio ehing ^outh Cl now, toi t stolid St ilin has veeuied the most mi] Ol im Ris^-i n pohiicii tiiumph in 100 yeais ol battlnm with the sii nc astute Biitish He foiced the Piime vlini tci ol Gmot But un (who once votvt d not to 1 fliidite the Biiti h rmpnc) to come to leheian to meet 111 He iso foiced the Piesident ol the Liiitc 1 St lo (0 Id t t ise
University Calendar
Yards To Go
2 30 PM
We woud like to pass on to our leaders today 4 oo P M a short description of a cartoon that appeared 6 16PM in the Jefferson Barracks Hub published last p ^ Saturday The “Hub’’ is the official publica- 7 30 p m; tion of the Air Forces Basic Training Center 8 00 P M
at Jefferson Banacks, Missouri
To us the cartoon seemed to express the sit- 4 00 P M nation of some of the so-called patriotic citi- 7 00 P M zens of the United States, and because of this, 8 00 P M
as well as the fact that the picture does repre-
sent a faiily true picture of the situation, we ^ ^
thought the readeis might be interested The caitoon is based on the old American pastime, football, with the football field representing the woild today Of course the allies weie one team and the axis powers were the
othei
The hall was on the allies’ two yard line, and the allies had just held off the axis for foul downs The allies’ ball had ninety-eight yards to go In a football game this is the time when the home team rooters start to yell and cheer with all their might Howevei, in this pictorial metaphor this is the point at which half of the audience in this important game say to them
G 30 PM 7 30P M 7 30P M
00 P M
7 30 P M
30 PM
Tuesday, December 14 Pin due Women’s Club Paity E & W Faculty Lges , Union Ciutibs Wiight Giaduation Eliza Fowlei Hall Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting Room 261, Union Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Room 302 Union Intel Club Fellowship Towei, Union Glidei Club Meeting Room 365, Union Chemist!y Depaitment Paity E & W Faculty Lges , Union Wednesday, December 15 Fjieshman Foium Room 355, Union Maiiiage Couise Towel, Union Tn Kappa Book Review Eliza Fowlei Hall Thursday, December 16 Committee on State of Univiesity Room 263, Union Theta Alpha Phi Initiation Eliza Fowlei Hall Kappa Delta Pi Meeting Room 355, Union AIEE Meeting Room 103 Physics Building Friday, December 17 Religious Convo—Xmas Music Hall of Music Saturday, December 18 Countj Wide Chiistmas Paity foi School Childien Hall of Music Paity—Co C—Sec 9 and 10 and dates Memoiial Gymnasium
By Lyl^ Crist We took T Dorsey’s advice and “Dug Down Deep’’ this week and fiist to inkle out was a staitlmg bit of info ftom The Dover Boys Yes, when these blitzing boys aie not concentiatmg on getting red flannels foi the Red Cioss they aie Iposening hat bands that have became too Snug since bi othei Fiancis Bryant became SCA presi,dent Maybe they’ie justified, because all indications aie that he’s all for a biggei and bettei educational as well as social yeai foi the Student Coop Apsociation Over PIA Way PIA announces that peMions foi piesident, vice piesident, ^ecietaiy, tieasurei and coed exOTutive aie now being leceived Any junioi Oi semoi student may petition foi president and coed executive offices, while the otheis aie open to sophomores on up If you wish to be a candidate, you must suhiinit a list of 50 signatuies of independent students to the PIA office by 7 30 p m Monday, Decembei 13 Aftei two weeks of haid campaigning, elections will be held December 30 Seivice men are eligible foi the positions Executive boaicl nominations will be made aftei the new officeis assume leadeiship I Am Told Coopeiation among the Coops is the thing as fai as Phil Looney of Dovei House and Doiis Reeves of Shoemakei aie concerned ’Tis pos sible that last Wednesday’s tiade dmnei had some effect, too Anyhow, Phil, bettei watchout, inasmuch as Doi is is suspected by many as being the one who painted the miiiois, scatteicd the books and geneially played havoc with Shoemakei m seveial wild spiees last month these wild, wild wim-
“Petc,” it’s lots of fun, but fdOh’t think it’s not work getting alLthe different house and waid team schedules arranged Theie is still room fot men and women students in the PIA dance classes now being conducted The puce IS veiy nominal foi both the boys and giils, so if you want to dance, c’mon ovei to the faculty lounge next Monday and^ stait the next lesson And m reply to those wild iumois concerning these dance classes, Madame LaZonga and hei SIX daughteis aie NOT in ehai’ge they’ie all in the Commandos Duty calls, the editor calls, ^nd cuita,ins call and it looks like cuitains foi me, ’cause I’m out of ink
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus • earner Corporation, Syracuse, N Y—Tuesday, Decembei 14 Intel ested m ME Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, Wis—Fiiday, Decembgi 17 Intel ested in ME and EE
fioni its piesident to the scullions of the kitchen, if I may boiiow a phiase Meiiy Chiistmas, Old Pin due —A SOLDIER
selves, “We have the ball now—may as well go THE EDITOR
home ” The football fans also are saying, ^00 miles fiom Puulue
Placement Notes For Women
Russia Can Free^ndia
\ = t n 11 tl c Ru ,1111 Enib ivs-y (i buildup viici till Biit!-.h toi \( is halt i atched so caie ^an) 1) cci ici oi incicnt Russian Biitish 1 1 lints ' n lid Cn iiclnll ig ced on joint policies 1 VC 1 it tl c Gulf i I (tsia a id R issi i Ion-, coveted o uiet 0 ilic c i wtu 1 OL even iiienlioned in then con \cijatioi t ( n cic '-elect on ot Tohcian ioi this intetmj \ c u iiiou impoituit tiom a long ian,„c Mew 1)0 nl il in the communique ihout a j way chive
< gam I F’tle
Foi it intc it that iltei the w ii Russia will be sit ting a^tiide the Ii dian Oec m whtie she tan leaeh our and toi^n I di t It Iso me int that no matter how stirig] 1 1 iiehil) let] ibout Lull i now, the question ot it'- f ituie independence is piucl\ theoictical Attci the 1 11 he \ ill h i\( no ehoiee is long is Russia sits at th head (t the Gull o! Pei si i Some d jil >! i its woiidti wlietliei ( hmchill usually a leali t i i\ lot m w i(co-,ni/e the revolution iii L HI h (ij 1(111 lev whiili till |)! -e atTcheiaii and leiaiijiti ill i on Indi I Othe i s think that nothing t uldecfi mill ( huie lull eh iiigt ■\011 f 1 111 niilanlRoo eeelt letuallj began tiy 11J inoie ih 1 V i) 1^,0 to jcisuuJe Stalin to meet them 1 he 1 ititi v u lust luoaehtd when illkie
“Take it easy we’ve just about won ’’ Ah ^
1 J, , ,1 . 1, live 110 miles away mission 50] Aiinoiy Building .h soiemaikslor,,teamenthetwoyardhne „ ,, 111 „..„„„ces With ninety-eight yaids to go for pay dirt about it’ Are we going home and the following fields Bacteiiol We feel that that is typically the wrong at- placidly stuff with Christmas stiew stenography, foods service, tltude and thought it might possibly furnish tissue Jiapei all ovei the living loom laboiatoiy assistants
out leadeis with food for thought.
publuan Chau man Spanglei is outhmug a big progiam foi monev laising When \1I Laiidon was m Washington recent!}, he conferred with newsman J Kingsbury Smith about foreign polity planks for the Republiean platfoiin
Light'S Out
floor and tease the cat in fiont of library woik occupational therapy the file, all without a single thought P^ysiotheiapy, psychology and lec oi those who aie in the unfoitunate ^^'^tion ^ Anyone interested should categoiy of ‘ slianded at school ^PP^y immediately, as the closing eis”’ foi the examinations is JanuIii these uniiatuial times we aie ‘'’^y Women students in shaiing rides and houses, so why teiested in fuithei infoimation may not share Chi istmas, too ' Peihaps the Placement Seivice
the clay will not be quite the same Women, 2955
with
Atheleen Bandeliei juiiioi coed echtoi of the foiniei Independent—■ ah, the good ole clays—has been twilling around 111 a dithei these days A senior HE giil, she’s making plans foi hei approaching iiiai iiage in January to Veical Jones He’s a student engmeei at Delco Remy down Andeison way Back at Atheleefi’s house, initiation of new menibeis is over Seven new gills in Ann Tweedale aie lend mg lots of new ideas—as shown in the way of walkouts But they don’t talk'libout that ^ Back to PIA All gills who woikecl as junior nurses’ aides during the semi-teim can now obtain then ceitiflcates at the PIA office look caiefully, though I couldn’t find mine You’ve got to admit that any pio lessor who comes to class six minutes late is very unusual in fact, he’s in a class by himself (Joke ) Has anyone besides myself and 4000 others noticed Olive “Pete” Peterson, WAA boaicl member, dragging aiound the campus these past two weeks’ If you’ie wondering why the giay bans—she’s m chaige of the volleyball games foi the campus femmes Accoiding to
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested m students foi employment Unnersity of Chicago Metallurgical Laboratoiy, Chicago, 111—Inteiested in B S , M S 01 Ph D in Ch E Ol Chemistiy (paiticulaily inorganic 01 physical chemistiy) Sign m Peisonnel Office by Fiiday, December 17 The Pfaudler Compaii}, Elyna, Ohio—Intel ested in M E (Poi infoimation about thjis company, see booklet in Peisonnel Office) Sign m Personnel Office by Friday, Decembei 17 Baldw in Locomotive Works, Philadelphia, Pa-—Intel ested in M E Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Dec 20 lork Coiporation, Yoik, Pa—Interested in ME Sign m Peisonnel Office by Monday, Dec 20 University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis —Intel ested m men and women Engmeeimg and Science students as candidates for Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation assistantships Sign m Personnel Office by Monday, Dec 20
Worrfen's Club
will meet m the faculty lounge today at 2 30 The gioup under the supervision of the music section will display needle work and attractive fiowei aiiangements
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW fWi
WPB officials aie won led about the Ameiicaii pub lie s piofligate use ol electncity and watei Proposals
compaiative stiangei in on
the t<?&tivities So what’ Ihe stiangei’s Chiistmas wont be the same as usual eithei, but it will
have been studied to ration electricity, but these have certainly be a lot bettei 111 a home
been set aside in tavoi ot voluntary economy lew people realize that extia lights 01 a chipping spigot inciii waste oi coal 01 tuel oil Some cities have no mctei contiol ot watei with a resultant high con
sumption Chicago is one
than it would be on campus This goes toi civilians and seiv
ice men both Oui shoit holiday will be in between traveling time foj students fiom other schools that
Its an Americans piivilege to take a bath, but hp have i longei vacation Theiefoie takes so many more baths than Euiopeans that the the addition of oui guests to the U S pel capita consumption of water is more than limping tianspoitation
was in Mo c(i in OcIoIk’ 19 12 But St ilin declined fo come io f i ibl UK I indcvcn olhii mtetnig, until
J chci an
Bootleg Nylon
IIcic IS 1 11c \ \ iinl li ill llic hi ck maiket—iijlou stoc) ing ill be L Ol "ih ICS A|Vnun„ \ om u 111 I icliino id \ii,^mia had hcaul tiuh 1 vljii ill ( < juid be II id in one of the stoies ot the Vii 1 1 \lcoholi B( \ LKme f oiiti ol Boaid So she WulKi 1 1 (I tin iiid iskcd the clcik ‘Do you Jcijoi V m / ( I) J r t s )nu in Ion stocl mgs ' 1} 111 i< I ( m mu I lied Wh it sue do you w ( 1 t u ( C.1 i hah ill 111 iiM la uc 1 at ulliL) cu'-tomcis uu! said I’ll h i\ l tot ill to vou 1 ltd in (ivu tl m llu stod in^^ wcic juoduced and the lit \ at niadi at “ 1 i jiaii 4011 \li imjiloMLs oj the Vugmia ABC Boaicl alC ‘'t U( ( 111] 1 ( ( s
twice that ot Em ope WPB doesn’t say so officially, but it implies that six inches of watei 111 the tub will
make j oil just as cleans a full tub
the won} comes fioni the pioblem ot keeping wai plants provided with light and watei Eleetiie com panies which have always piomoted heavier electncity (“buy a new toaster or non”) spending monej to advertise conseivation NOIL 10 WPB One ot the most wasteiul useis ol light and powei is the Government itsell Piac tically all goveinment offices aic ovei heated
system
should not ovei tax it
Make the guest a special atrtiac tion 111 the festivities oi give him the happiness that can’t be offeied that ceitain someone But what
use of evei style we piclei to use, let’s aie now try to make ‘ Home Chiistmas” uni
vei sal this season —A
MAKE MSLLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
LON CHANEY
'FRANKENSTEIN MEETS WOLFMAN"
VIVIAN BUINE — PLUS —
— and — RUSSELL HAYDEN
“TORNADO IN THE SADDJ,E"
MARS
Collects PBK Keys
Bankci Sidney I Wembcig, paitnei in Goldman, Sachs & Co IS not a membei of Phi Beta Kappa, dis tinguished intellectual fiateinity But he has moie Phi Beta Kappa keys than any man m the USA When he was a close advibei to Donald Nelson, ho obscivcd that many of the smait young men who
GOPolitics
(Jutb ’MicluLmi, ufiuil publicit} genius of the Deifiocijstic National ( ommittce, is credited with the iia^U tJUie Republicans could win next }cai with a ( lupamaii Speaking back ol their hands, the stafl of Rlpublican National Hcadqparteis here saj “Dtwe} IS our man” (llv(\ aie supposed to be ini pui Jial) Go\cinoi Vi arren of California is the cuiiciit Kepublican laioiite loi Vice Piesident . Kc
to IHE EDItOR
All oi the service men on the cam pus respect cherish and look loi waid to the usage ol the word equal ity heie at Old Piuduo Howevei, I have been well aware of the van oils comments in legaids to the ic cent legislation that piovided that extia day for piactieally all of the students And I must say the boys’
, ,, , , „ inteipietation-of the word has dovi passed thiough h.s office en route to see the big boss, ^ j^ttle more than somewhat w 01c the g()lden key of Phi B^ta Kappa He decided to ^^^le good old standby’s desci ip
acquire the same thing himselt
But instead oi getting one, he got a ttozen 01 moie the reason loi thou cues is the He (. ()t them not thiough scholaislup, but tiom New tact that one ol Purdue’s leveied Yoik jiawnbiokeis He made a collection in liis desk leadeis mide the following state liiawci and wh'iicvci any biilliant young adviser got ment at the opening convocation unbeaialil} biilliiiit Wcinlieig opened the diawei this lafi ‘You will all be tieatecl and said students ot Puidue Uiiiveisity ” I see \ou wcai one ol those Phi Beta Kappa Keys ” I leahze the leveied leadei isn’t then with a smile he woijld scoop up a handful “It the answer to then cues of partial you cvci 1 un out hcic—^takc a tew ol mine'’ ity Hovyevei, I also leali/e that (Cop}light 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc ) Puidue is a veiy poweriul machine
TODAY and TOMORROW
^ New under-amt % Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
la Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate slcin 2. Nowaittngtodty Can be used tight after sliaving 3a Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4, A jsurc, white, greaseless stainless vanishing cream 5a Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder tng for being harmless to ‘ * fabric
Arrid ih© largest teWing' deodoran
39^ ajar Alao m 10f5 and 59^ jai
ARRID
COUNT BASIf <ind His OrchestraXrmy, News
Tmsmy^
er 14, 1943
«>S4~*- f>4 <*«
ui n' I i H P'» li
-u * For Service Mbn, By Service Mem
Navy Rehearses Answer Ta ^Khaki On Thjb KiMipu§^
“Scuttlebutt and 3;r4ne”, the Navy’%aB^w^r to “Khe^i on thfeKampuaV, is rapidly tahmg shape under the direction of Gerald E. Nadler, A/S y-12 The show will have its world premiere/111, JfipiU^ry 8 on the stage of the Music Hall The fiijst fttjienipt at fitting the ehow to the Music Hall’s massive fetage was made at last Tuesday's rehearsal “Enough room for a threonring cjrcusj” said the direc tor in describing the Music Hall-
stage Cues of “eaithquake” and “man the lifeboats” weie heaid when sev eial of the cast members were given an unexpected iide on the orches tia lift Howevei, no men weie lost in this engagement and the cast will be completely familiar with the stage and lift by Januaiy 8
Service men, have yog a Christmas package to send home? The Activities Bureau will help you with, shopping, wrapping or,<,|iiailing ypur presept^hume. Hspp^iU at room 356 of the Union or call AcpYipes Bureau office between 4 an^ 5 p. m.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
^It for a
CHRISTHitS for Him
He usually gets top billing—and we mean billing—as “The Man Who Pays.” This Christmas, let’s give extra thoughtfulness in his presents. Here is a store whose soul aim during Decemher is a Merry Christmas for him — and we’re eager to suggest and plan . . . and handle your budget with care. You see, that man in your family is probably a friend of ours.
by Hanson in all wanted shades and leathers. Give him the finest in gloves by Hanson. Priced $2.50 to 10.00
SOCKS
bv Interwoven in rayon, silk, lyle, wool mixtures and all wool, both short and regular length. All shades. Priced 45c to $2.00 HWEIICIIKFS —white linen or lawn, also fancies. Many with hand rolled hems. Box of 3 initialed linens $1.50 Others 20c to $2.00 /
GI’s seldom do anything but sit around and talk about world problems Here are some in a usual bull session, talking not about prolplems but about women, an unusual topic Back row Bob Arduagh, BiU Peters, Craig Philips, Bill Rowe, first low Joe Litvak, Alvin Scherwitz, Bob Wheeler and Leon Stevens
>4Sr Bowling League Begins Third Week Tonight In Union With the intention of giving eveiy competitox “an even break,” the ASTP bowling league, which be gins its third week of active operations tonight at the Union alleys, has set up a handicap scheme to aid pool teams Wheie any team is lower than its competitor it is given 75 per cent of the difference in pins as a handicap The device is intended to insure that one bad game doesn’t rule a team out
Top honors will go to the first three teams each in total score with handicaps allowed and the first three on actual scoring Individual honors, with three prizes in each class, will go for the highest game, the highest set and total pins for
the season
Ruling the roost in all three in
dividual competitions to date is Cpl H. C. Tbuerk
Donald Woodburn, captain of the Co C Blockbusters with a high game of 224 high set of 634 and
average of 634
Service Men Enjoy Playshop Production ' By Pfe Jack Martire Service men’s edition of “Pursuit of Happiness” was one of those performances which strikes enthusiasm in the hearts of the audience From the very start of the excellent production the soldiers, sailors and marines found lines and situa tions which were upioaiiously
funny
Such a presentation by an amateur group IS not usually expected but the Playshop outdid its past performances when “P of H” was given There was an affinity with the army and the service in general Those who do not know still ask the question “Were those lines about the army in the original script or did Playshop add a few choice items in order to play up to then Sunday audience composed of service men and their dates’”
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better DRAFT WOMEN’ Talk of drafting women has been resurrected The excellent performance of women in war created tasks, both dvil and military, is tq their everlasting crgdit. Yet, with all due respect for the vigorous role they are performing, the amount of indolence and inertia which exists among women has so counteracted the contribution being made by a majority of them, that it constitutes a minor tragedy CoosidU ering the enormous job there is yet to do and the extent of the part women COULD play, the creditable work that IS being done become virtually microscopic What more uncomfortable evidence is needed than the fact that a draft of women should even be considered necessary’ When it became apparent after our entry into the war that there was room in the Armed Services for women and that their utilization could release significant numbers of men who could devote themselves ifiore directly to the grim business of fighting and winning a war, considerable numbers of women responded For a variety of reasons, however, the enthusiasm was soon to subside Many decided that USO, Red Cross or Civilian Defense jobs would constitute a sufficient effort Not that this type of work is unimportant—^but in many cases it was a duty which, at most, would occupy some of their spare time and not necessitate abrupt adjustments At most, it was balm for the conscience and hardly to be considered as the “fullest effort” Regretably enough, unmformed minds and vicious tongues delighted in maligning the girl who was courageous enough to don a military uniform and wear it proudly Regretable, too, is the fact that when decided action was needed to allay false and malicious talk, American women didn’t rally to the cause of their sisters m-arms Statistics bear this out. In all probability, recruiting statistics in other branches of the service tell the same dismal story as do the figures concerning WAG recruiting According to the War Department, it was hoped that the total number of WAGS in the Army by the end of 1943 would be 150,000 Last summer when the corps was changed from an auxiliary status and brought into the Army, 15,000 women dropped out The recruiting since then has succeeded only in counteracting all but 5 000 of this loss The total enrollment IS still only 40 per cent of what is desired This, then, is the partial but sadlv indicative picture at a moment when the final thrusts at Hitler’s strongholds are being planned These tfirusts require men and, in turn, women to make them available This, also, is the reason that compulsory service for women is being considered Unless there’s some unexpected turn in the war, the possibility that it will come to PUSS this winter is very favorable
TRY AN EXPONENT GLASSIFIED
. ’19 graduate of the School of Electrical Engineering who ob tamed his master’s degree in 1922, has recently been named president and director of the New Jersey
Power and Light Go
“BY AND FOR EM” YANK, whose popularity has been closely tied with the fact that it was the voice of the enlisted man, came in for some front page publicity this past week In the midst of increasing talk that it was bemgconsidered for a potential Pulitzer Prize in journalism, came news thru the columns of the Ghicago Sun that control of YANK by enlisted men has come to an end The Army Weekly has always emphasized the fact that it operated on a policy which excluded officers from exercising any influence over its pages Officers installed in YANK s various bureaus throughout the world have acted only in an advisory capacity The Sun story which concerns itself only with the British overseas edition of YANK, explains that its editor requested release from his duties because officers in charge were ‘ exceeding the original concepttion of their authority ’ and that the mast head ‘ published for and by enlisted men ’ was no longer true The request was granted
SPEND YOUR SPARE TIME ^ BETWEEN CLASSES IN \ X THE
WEST LOUNGE EAST LOUNGE SWEDISH LOUNGE BROWSING ROOM
Badger Navy News Tells Of Changed Classification System Operation of a program of careful selection of all enlisted peisonilel, recently instituted by the Navy, IS described by the University of Wisconsin’s Naval Unit Badger Navy News Results of the program to date indicate that from now on a much fuller utilization of experience and skills of all personnel will be made, the News reports together with a saving of many thousands of hours in assembling crews for new ves
sels
Essential Steps Listed Essential steps of the plan, which IS being applied to all Navy men— recruits, tiamees and ratings alike,
are
1 A standardized procedure for acquiring full information about every enlisted man and for keeping it up to date throughout his service
2 An analysis of Navy rates and billets in terms of the skill, experience and training required for each 3 A study of complements required for vaiious types of vessels 4 A running check up on every man’s assignments to see that he is placed where he will do the Navy most good
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns li ggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40 Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes cold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C P Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone ^*“79 Lost—Brown billfold containing passport conditional license Black Hills Passion Play pass etc Return to Charles Lee Butler 218 Waldron Phone ^390 Reward Lowell L Martin attorney 339 Vine needs di i\ er for car Must be strong Desirable loom part compensation Res phone o339 Office phone 6993 Lost—Black notebook contains chem pa pera Reward Phone 283 Ask for Charles Lost—Gold Elgin watch with gold wristn band—between South Hall and village Call Louise Lind 8413—102,
SOME OF THE BEST BOOKS OF TODAY AND YESTERDAY ARE AT YOUR BECK AND CALL IN THE BROWSING ROOM.
JhsL fijUAduJL TBsumfuaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
The easy way to be well-read is join the BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB Let us explain how the plan works. You’ll ‘ enjoy considerable savings on books you would buy at regular price. University Book Store Across from the Union Bldg.1 «_ *s^ S
Purdue Exponent
I -^i » ''
} “ i
■v^U"' r C
Tit^Sdy, December 14, 1943
iMi««
Riveters Meet DePauw Here Tomorrow Night
former BoHermaker Performs With Tigers
t)ff on the light foot in the curient campaign as a result of the thrilling double overtime victory over the Naval Pre-Flight quintet from Greencastle, the Riveter basketball squad faces a heavy assignment duiing the coming week, meeting DePauw here tomorrow night in the last home stand before the New Year and then taking to the >— ' road to tackle Great Lakes on
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Netmen Top Navigators
Volleyball; Other Activity WBAA Schedule
Now Offered For Facuity
We Won—But What a Thriller
In Two Overtimes. 46-41
Saturday night Another mp and tuck battle IS in prospect as the Boilermakers tackle Lloyd Messersmith’s Tigers heie tomoiiow night DePauw has lost but a single game in fotir starts, the lone loss coming at the hands of its campus iival Lt Eveiett Case’s V 5 ciew, 41 40 In the meantime the Tigeis with Bob Johnson, foiniei Boileimakei foot ball stai, as one of then outstand iiig perfoiineis have chalked up de cisive wins ovei Indiana Cential Noiraal and Eailham Same Five Expected to Start Coach Waid Lambeit is expect ed to stick to viitually the same courageous combination that final ly found its stiide aftei a shaky stait to give the Riveteis a 46 41 double overtime victoiy ovei the Navigatois, although Dennis Horn, promising fieshmaii fiom Piince ton will pxobably be given a stait ing chance at forwaid Jack Ken nedy, who staited at foiwaid against the Navigatois is expected to sliaie tune with Stephen Fiaziei at centei Bill Lodge deft ball han dling foiwaid and Paul Fiiend and Chailes Haag guaids will undoubt edly remain as permanent fixtuies Ball Handling Stressed Improvement in ball handling was emphasized by Lambeit in yestei day afternoon’s dull as he sought to eliminate the source of the in numerable eiiois that maned the early play in the season s opener The Boilermaker mentoi pointed out that the comparatively new squad is still in a decidedly forma tive state and that he will undoubt edly make fiequent substitutions in an effort to uncover the most effec tive combination
Notices
Christian Science Organization Meeting will be held Tuebedav Dec 14 at 30 p m in room 363 of the Union —SCHWANDT
Catalysts Sign up in the Chemical Engi neenni, oftice before Wedneseday Dec 16 foi the chicken dinner to be held Saturday Dec 18 All students faculty mombeis and pledges in good standing will meet at the Chemical and Metalluigical building at 5 15 p m Saturday BREMER
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and gradi ate mem bers be sure t attend the initiation of Dean Potter on Wedneseday Dec 15 at " p m in the Mechanical Engineering Building —WORMSER
PIA Workers All memberships and dance cla s itcketb must be ti rned in to PIA office by 1") p m Thursday Dec 16 —PERILLE
Alpha Zeta Pledge meeting Wedneseday Dec 15 at 6 30 p m in room 212 of the Union Active be theie if possible —SHERWOOD
PIA Board Meeting at day Dec 16 in PIA office
p m Th irs -1 ERILLE
Alpha Gamma Rho Meeting Tuesday Dec 1*^ it 6 p m in the Tower Room of the Union Smokes for all WHITE
Glider Club Regular meeting of the Glider Cl lb Tuesday Dec 14 at -10 p m in the Union —SCHROEDER
Ceres Pledge meeting Tueseday Dec 14 nt ( 30 p m in roo n 26i of the Union, HOBSbN
Kappa Delta Rho Meet ng at G SO p m lueseday Dec 14 in room 35) < f the Union Please be prompt —JOHNSON
Fraternity President s Council Impoitant meeting Thuisday Dec IG at 7 p m in room 36 in tlu Ui ion Will d bcuss Christ mas party —NEESE
Union Board Meeting f i seniors at p m foi junior at 15 p m Tuesday Dec 14 in Union office WOOLLING
Kappa Sigma Meeting it 30 p m on Wedncsfdaj Dec lo in room 360 of the Union KENNEDY
Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting for 11 mem 1 er Thursday Dee 16 at 30 j m in room 131 of the Chem Annex Flections for sec etary and ti asuitr m11 be held and gen era! busii ess meeting will follow —LpTTES
Scores of Rneter Opponents Over Vt eek Fnd DePauw 51 Eailham 28 Great Lakes 52 Illinois 44 Notre Dame 41 Wisconsin 31 Glenview Airbase 53 Chicago 36 Kentucky 66 Indiana 41 Seahawks 54 Minnesota 34
Michigan 46 Ft Custer 44 DePaul 55 Nebraska 15 Ohio State 60 Dennison 49 Iowa 50 Nebraska 33 Western Michigan 47 Northwest ein 45
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Well, the basketball season is officially under way now, and the Boilermakers pulled the first one out of the fire in one of the most thrilling battles seen on a hardwood court around here in a long time We asked Piggy Lambeit yesterday afternoon just what he thought about his charges now that they had played then first game and he replied “We 11 play some better games Sure, we’ll lose some, but we’ll also play some that are a lot better than last Saturday night’s game ’’ Duffy Friend and Charlie Haag emerged as the heroes of that bat tie Duffy looks like he is headed for a banner season, and Charlie promises to be one of the best rn this his first varsity season A Tribute to Charlie Haag Probably very few people know under just what conditions Charlie Haag was playing Saturday night Two days before he had received word that hrs brother who had moved up with the Allies since the African invasion, had been killed in Italy November 9 Stricken with grief Charlie had hardly taken a bite to eat during the two days be fore the game Nevertheless he went out on the floor Saturday night and played his heart out Even after he was knocked cold in the closing minutes of the game he came back and played as hard as he knew how A little moie on the humorous side are the incidents that happened as he played following his KO His teammates tell how he kept asking ‘Which way are we going’ and he also thought that he was play ing Notie Dame When he came to in the hospital the next morning wheie he had been taken after the game all that he could remember was that the score had been 33 to 50 V ith DePauw leading Ihe hos pital attendants finally told him vho won Suffering from a mild concussion Charlie should be able to take the floor again tomorrow night at Greencastle The Best Man’—We Don’t Think Going light along with all expec tations Noithwestein s Otto Gia ham was picked to receive the Tub line s football awaid Never have we believed that Graham was the man that his ‘publicity committee”
By Ray Smith, Exponent Sports Editor Duffy Friend’s last second shot that tied the game at the end of the regular period gave the Riveter Jbasketball team the spark that it needed to defeat the DePauw pre-flight five in a
double overtime, 46-41
With five seconds remaining to play in the game and the visitors trying to stall, Charley Haag, brilliant sophomore guard, managed to tie-up his man and ' have a lUmp ball called How- m the final overtime on a lay up
ever, Haag was injured on the forced to leave the
j a. j A u j game shortly afterwards because
play and had to be removed „, a aa j u j ^ ^ 1 n “ injury After Wendland had from the game Charcholla, score for the V 5 team, Haag’s substitute, tipped the Gustafson and Paul Hoffman each ball to Lodge on the jump and counted a bucket Friend ended Lodge threw a long pass down the the scoring by cashing in on a techcourt to Friend, who had staited meal foul called on Sadowski
down the court as the ball was Haag Starts Scoring
thrown into the an The gun end Although Haag gave the Boilering the game sounded as the ball ^ 4 q ^^t long passed through the bucket until the Navigators had the situSadonski Leads Scornjg ation rn hand and had run the count Ed Sadowski, the leading scorer to 10 to 5 before the Riveter defense of the contest with 13 markers, staited functioning The first half staited the scoring in the first five marked with bad ball handling endminute ovei time to give DePauw a ed with the Boilermakers on the
37 35 lead Friend soon had the short end of a 17 12 count
score knotted at 37 on a set shot Wendland and Waldron gave the Determined not to be deprived of visitors a 21 12 lead at the start of victory Tourek placed the Naviga the second half but the Riveters tors in the lead for the second time soon staited rolling and 9 points but Haag who returned to the game were added before the spell was
after being revived sent a layup broken by Pabst
through the net just before the pe Charlie Haag playing his first
Chief Clevett announced that the gym will be open for members of the faculty on Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoons from 4 46 till 6 This will provide an opportunity for the various staff members to come in, play volleyball, and generally give their physiques a workout Instructors will find this a welcome pickup after a day’s work in the classroom, besides doing something to keep in as good condition as their PE-takrng stu-
dents
Although the gym has been closed to PE 12 classes, this will have no effect on faculty recreation
Cartier c Wendland Tourek g
Totals PURDUEKennedy f c P Hoffman Gustafson f Lodge f Charcholla f Horn t Erazier c Haag g Friend g Elhott g
18 n If 41 PG FT PF TP 2 115
12
Totals
17 12 17 46
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
10 30—News—News 10 46—Smile Time—Smile Time 11 00—Morning Matinee—Morning Matinee 11 80—Music—Music Tuesday Wedneseday 11 50—Purdue News—Purdue News 11 66—News—News 12 00—Farm Forum—Farm Forum 12 80—Meet the Band—Meet the Band 12 66—News-News 1 00—Home Makers Club of the Air—Homo Makers Club of the Air 1 16—Music-Music 1 80—Adventure in Research—Parents
Forum
1 46—Markets—Markets 1 66—News-News 2 00—Story a Day—Story a Day 2 16—Music—^Treasury Star Parade 2 30—T reasure Chest—Music 2 46 Music 2 66—News—News 3 00—Afternoon Melodies—Lee and Her j 15—Voice of the Underground—Lest We Forget , ,, , 3 80—Musical Varieties—Musical Varieties 8 66—News—News „ 4 00—Tea Time Tunes—Tea Time Tunes 4 40 Just Relax—Just Relax 4 65—News—News 5 00—Little Miss Muffett—Little Miss
Muffett
> 15—Music—This Is Indiana 6 30—Vespers—Vespers . 5 46—Music—Sports Review ^ 6 00—Minute of Prayer—Minute of Prayer 6 or- The Dinner Hour—The Dinner Hour
f 66—News—News
7 00—Chinese Stones—Chinese Stories 7 16—Between the Headlines—Plans for
o Peace •»
J '■ 80—South American Way—Music 2 7 00—Diamatired News—Dramatized News " 8 00—Avard Mitchell pianist—The Book
0 man
0 8 16—The PJarado of Business—Ed Mem-
’ mer pianist
8 30—Fiom the Press Box—Music
8 46—Music—Music 8 News— News
) 00—Musicana Musicana 9 80 The Road to hear -Anything But
Swing
0 '"6—News—News 10 05—01 F THE AIR—OFF THE AIR
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES
nod ended
varsity game, was the outstanding
BEGINNER'S WED, DEC 15th, 7 00 P M ADVANCED THURS , DEC 16th, 7 00 P M
Haag who had a total of 12 points peifoimei on the Riveter offense,
for the evening opened the scoring plug that kept the attack going
said that he was and we believe For DePauw Sadowski and Wend
ALLEN^S
ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 6th & FERRY
that his own records help very much land led the scoring to prove that he wasn’t We will The box score
be glad when his collegiate career IS closed and we can start reading
about some athletes whose lecoids Sadow ki f
are more impiessive and who really
DLPAUW-
P ib-st f
Wi Idron f
FT PF TP
deserve to be read about Sputter mgs Congratulations to Bob Plevo vho has been picl ed to play in the East West game in San Fiancisco on New Year s dry He will join Dick Bniwegen and Boris Diman cheff as representatives of the un beaten Riveter football squad Once again Don Hutson has an nounced Ins letiiement from the pio ciicuit this time to coach The game between the Riveters and Indiana State which we announced for tonight has been cancelled
4 momn intehsive
Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES
A thorough intensive secretarial
INIHEAHEO FOeeiS?
SAFEGOMO YOUR HONEY
course — starting February July <* October Registration now open
★
Regular day and evening school throughout the year Catalog ^ A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS PREFERRED BY COltEGE «EN AND WOMEN
THi mme college
There s one sure way to safeguard your travel cash and that is with AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES You not only have spendable money, but in additi'^n SAFE MONEY, for if lost or stolen, their value is refunded in f> P Issued in denominations of $10, $20 $50 and $100 Cost 753 for etch $100 Minimum cost of 40p for $10 to $50 For sale at banks and Railway Express Offices.
Pres dent John Robert Gregg SCO D rector Pool M Pair M A 6 N Michigan Avo feiephono STAte 1881 Chicago, 1*^
AiEliUN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQOES
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
No. Name 24 Lodge 3 Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy 27 Fraxier 30 Haag 25 Friend
DEPAUW
No. Name Po! 22 Ingram 21 Johnson 11 Radcliffe 4 VanHboreweghe 9 Montgomery
JinsL SmcuL amt fioAi/ueA.
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
Maid (Piggy) Lambert
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware
E, W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
bb
SANDWICHES and Soft Drills
Also CURB SERVICE
TRIPLE XXX
Corner of Salisbury and Main
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO.
GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S