■tl ,j. t<j^ ’^i’Ht ~,^ry3 ^ * , V« J A w‘ 4.i'7S Ji«^i ^ '■ .fc t' , '
vbtUMte XLVII^
NUMBER 146
Band To Use 1500 Lights In Derby Parade Tomorrow I The University Military Band is completely remodeling its illuminating system in preparation for its third consecutive appearance in the Kentucky Derby Festival Parade tomorrow night. The lighting display first attracted wide attention over a year ago, when the band performed at a night football game with Northwestern University, and it has been a repeated success in other performances since then. ' In Wednesday night’s display more than 1,500 lights will be used —over three times the number used in previous performances. The power for the display will be generated in the big drum’s new truck, and the electrical network to distribute it will be woven together with more than two miles of wiring. Special Train The entire band will leave on a special train at 7 o’clock Wednesday morning, and while in Louisville will visit the Churchill Downs Jockey Club aS guests of ^he Derby Festival Association. The University band has won the best band cup for the past two years in the annual parade and competition with over 50 other entrants, including the bands of Indiana University and the University of Kentucky.
Postpone Forestry Club Meeting Until May 11 The regular bi-monthly meeting of the Forestry Club, originally scheduled for tonight has been postponed until next Tuesday, May 11. At that time a sound movie entitled “The Plow That Broke The Plains” will be Shown in the lec ture room of Stanley Coulter Hall.
Morey Doyle To Play Morey J. Doyle will present a short piano concert this evening in Thomas Duncan Hall at 8 p. m.
May 4, 1937 SINCE planks in most college political platforms are either badly warped or promptly forgotten after the ballots have been counted, a New Mexico College editor suggests that office-seekers run on a platform such as this one: —30— “SATURDAY morning classes must go. All sorts of queens should be chosen by a pick-a-number-out-of-the-hat method. The dopes who carry on those ten minute bull sessions in the Library must be shown no mercy, and signs of ‘Please’ should be replaced by those saying, ‘come on! Walk on the grass. '^NYA students need work’.” —SONIN ETY-T WO per cent of the ' freshmeii at Pennsylvania State ’* College voted that a college wom^n should get married before the age of 25 if she expected to get married at all . . . the other 8 per cerit stated that college Women shouldn*t wed . . . —30— SOMEBODY at the University of Colorado printed the following in their student paper. The Silver ai^d Gold, last week: ‘double feature shows are the third stage of movie evolution. First they had silent ones; the next group talked, and now the ones they show in double bills smell!” —30— BACK in 1924 three students who were s^^rchipg for haaterial for a newspaper story at the University of Minnesota got iost in a heating tunnel 400 fe^t uncjlergroun^ i^hd wandere4 around the maize for three days before a sophomor4 finally rescued them . . . an4 the sophompre’s name was Hdhrjp^ FOnda, movie actor... *
’07 Boys Recapture Tank ‘A bunch of boys whooping . it up’—’07 men they were—going over old times at the Elks’ Club smoker last Friday night when someone suggested a flashback to the old days, a march to the water tank that perched on the hill at the end of Grant street, the scene of the historic Tank Scraps. Paint, brushes, and ladders were rounded up and the Saturday morning rising sun shone on the freshly letterd numerals ’07. According to P. “Doc” Anderson, Lafayette businessman and president of the senior class of ’07, his classmates found it hard to put their numerals as high or make them as large as they had 30 years ago, and had to admit they weren’t quite as spry as they used to be. Some of the surplus paint may be seen on State street in front of the Memorial Union Building.
Alumni Give Dr.E.C.Emott New Paekard Tribute for 15 years of service to the University was paid to Pres. E. C. Elliott last Saturday night at a banquet in the Memorial Union Building, when alumni presented him with a Packard sedan. They did this once before, eight years ago. Following the banquet. Burr Swezey, of Lafayette, president of the Alumni Association, opened the program by turning the gavel over to J. W. Esterline, Indianapolis manufacturer, ’97 alumnus, and former faculty member. Don E. Black, of the graduating class, gave a short talk On Gala Week. Prof. J. 'D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, introduced a number of “old timers” who were attending. Dean M. L. Fisher spoke briefly on “Founders’ Day” telling about John Purdue, the land grant, and the money donated for the establishment of the school. Marshall Speaks Henry W. Marshall, who acted as president of the University from the time of Dr. Stone’s death until Dr. Elliott’s appointment, spoke on how Elliott had been chosen, and introduced him. President Elliott lauded all of those who worked with him, crediting them with the progress of the University. Under the pretext of adjourning to the front of the Memorial Union Building to see the Zouave squad perform, Elliott was persuaded to leave the banquet. There Swezey presented him the car bdfore 600 attending the banquet, who had followed him outside.
Twelve Teams Win In Bridge Tourney Finals of the inter-fratemity bridge tournament will take place Thursday night at 7 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building with 12 teams competing. The following teams were victorious in the games held last Wednesday night, and will play in the finals: North-South — Acacia, Putnam and Fore; Delta Upsilon, Gilbert and Godfrey; Phi Kappa Psi, Clark and Scholer. East-West—Phi Kappa Sigma, MCrency and Rowland; Sigma Nu, Esterline and McAdoo; Theta Xi, Stephan and Ruth. Those who were victorious Thursday night and will enter the finals are: North-South—Sigma Phi Epsilon, Kettle and Forbes; Phi Gamma Delta, Buck and Scholle; Sigpia Alpha Epsilon, Noyes and King. East-West—^Pi Kappa Alpha, Covington and Eichhorn; Kap]^ Sigma, Lowe and Good; Tau Epsilon Phi, Firestone and Ashkenaz.
Phi Kuppa Si^a Phi Kappa Sigma, social fraternity, annpunces the pledging of W. H. Horn, N. Adams, Mass.
Larry Downs Officiates At Cornerstone Ceremonies A milestone in the history of the University’s development was passed Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock with tb® laying of the cornerstone of the new fieldhouse. Larry Downs, ’94, president of the Illinois Central railroad, acting as master of ceremonies, introduced I^resident E. C. Elliott, George Ade, Hoosier humorist, John T. McCutcheon, Chicago Tribune cartoonist, other alumni, representatives of the state government, community, faculty, and the student body. Among the numerous documents pertaining to the history and present affairs of the University which were sealed in the specially constructed box and lowered into the cornerstone by Larry Downs, was the follo’^iring letter, written to future generations by President Elliott. “To him (or her) who, in the year 2,000, or after, holds my place in Purdue: “Greetings from my present to my future; salutations from your past to your present. In this day of the world the profession of prophecy is in a low state, yet we may safely forsee that your Purdue is much different from my Purdue. The structure, in the cornerstone of which this is being placed will not, indeed, should not, last beyond the years of the present century. Your Purdue will possess another and better structure through which to promote the recreation and physical well being of students. Your athletics plan will be radically different from ours. “Of one thing there is some certainty. You and the men and women of your distant day will not possess any greater loyalty of students and of citizens toward an institution than we do. Moreover, you will need to have the same faith in youth that we have. May your youth have the same faith in Purdue as do our youth!”
Bell Speaks At Baccalaureate Before approximately 2,000 students, alumni, townspeople, and the graduates’ relatives gathered in the Armory Sunday afternoon. Dr. Bernard Iddings Bell, distinguished preaching cannon of St. John’s Cathedral, Providence, R. I., delivered the Baccalaureate address to the 1937 senior class, climaxing Gala Week activities. “We must stop dancing to any tune that the cynical pipers care to play. There will remain no peace no social security, no decent homes until we know once more that God has made you and me for better things than grab and gain,” said Dr. Bell. Top Dog? “The good life means to most of our people an easy luxurious life with me top dog, let the rest of the world go hang. That way lies radical decadence, economic chaos, and war,” he continued. “At any rate, know this, that if you surrender, if you let the great world have its way with you, the time will come when, looking on yourself with bitterness, you will say, ‘It were better had I never been born.’ God save you from that fate.”
Gilbreth Will Talk Sunday Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth will speak on “The Home And The College” at the. Mothers’ Day religious convocation to be held at 9:30 Sunday morning at Eliza Fowler Hall. This program is under the auspices of Y. W. C. A., as is the all co-ed concert to be giv6n at 3 o’clock Sunday afternoon, also in Eliza Fowler Hall. The concert has the distinction of being the only co-ed musical activity of the year. The program is being planned by the music committee of Y. W. C. A., under the direction of Mary Wien.
ASME Plans Student Discussion Meeting The University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers is planning a student program and discussion meeting for the evening of May 12 in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Papers of 10 minute length are to be read, to be followed by five minute discussions. All ^dents in the mechanical engineering school are eligible to prcr sent any paper relating to the subject of mechanical engineering., The judges who are chosen from the mechanical' school, using standard A. S. M. E. judging forms, will present a prize awarded by the national office. Students interested are asked to contact R. ]K. Weldy' ajad submit a brjpf their ,
Bud Bryant To Play For Airport Dance Bud Bryant and his orchestra will furnish the music for the annual Airport dance this Friday night at the University Airport from 8:30 until 12:30 o’clock. This dance is being sponsored by the University Flying and Glider Clubs. Tickets, which are priced at one dollar, can be obtained at the Union desk in the Memorial Union Building or from members of either the Flying Club or Glider Club now.
Graduate Writes Of Purdue^ Amelia In Airlanes Article By Sally McKee “Her great beacon, like some powerful natural force, fllashes, glances, and searches the darkness. Purdue, too, is looking for new horizons.” Thus Miriam Beck, Science ’31, ends and summarizes her own article in the current issue of Airlanes, entitled “Amelia Earhart At Purdue.” The article is a survey of Purdue’s engineering achievements, particularly in aeronautics in connection with Miss Earhart. From 1876 when Harvey Wiley put the first dynamo-driven arc light west of the Alleghenies on the roof of the old Chemistry Building, now Building No. 2, through to the 1934 airport beacon and Wiley Post’s forced landing here, and to Miss Earhart and her new Lockheed Electra, the story follows Purdue’s career. Briefly the article tells of Miss Earhart’s private and academic life on our campus and is accompanied by a picture of Miss Earhart seated on her plane with ten co-eds lined up alongside.
Reamers Sponsor Moving Pictures Tickets for the moving pictures to be shown at the Mars and Luna Theatres Friday and Saturday evenings under the sponsorship of the Reamer Club may now be obtained at regular prices from members of that organization and at the Union desk. The proceeds of the tickets sales will be used to support minor sports. “When Love Is Young” will be shown on the Mars screen both days, while a double feature, “Let’s Get Married” and “Gall It A Day,” is scheduled to show at the Luna. Any ticket will be good at either theater on either Friday or Saturday nights. Commissions will be paid to the Reamer Club only on the tickets sold outside the box office.
“I do” and “stork showers” are ordinary compared with the one that was thrown for Texas A. & M. College by the members of the Kingsville, Tex,, Music Club. It was a plant shower to beautify and “green up” the grounds around the dortni tories.
Just Empty Beer Kegs Twelve little beer barrels standing in a row—standing under the platform from which Larry Downs led the cornerstone laying ceremonies Saturday at the new Fieldhouse. The containers' for the malt and hops beverage were screened from the public eye by a burlap covering, but President Elliott let the gathered Gala Weekers in on the secret, saying that “he knew something they didn’t know” and adding “may they ever remain empty” —as investigation proved they were. A little sleuthing revealed, in the words of the brewmaster of a local brewery, “the barrels were ordered by an unidentified member of the University athletic department. He was about 40 years old and wore a pompadour. Early Saturday a. m., M. L. Chief’ Clevett was seen watching the erection of the platform.
AAUW Honors Senior Women With Dinner “A Senior Looks At The World” will be the subject of Dr. Lillian Gilbreth’s speech tonight at the dinner honoring senior women, sponsored by the American Association of University Women, to be held in the educational building of the Central Presbyterian Church. A reception from 5:30 to 6:00 o’clock will precede the dinner. Dean Dorothy Stratton will present “A Charge To Seniors,” and Dean Mary L. Matthews will explain “What A. A. U. W. Is.” Mrs. Joseph McCord, of Grenecastle, state president of A. A. U. W. will be the guest of honor. One Act Play A one-act play, “A Full Circlfe,” will be presented by the Little Theatre Players imder the direction of Mrs. Gordon Newhard. The cast includes Catherine Ann Cromer, Mrs. Mary Bartlett, George Cummins, Karl Mueller, and Bobby Macasee. Mrs. Floyd Loop will sing a group of solos accompanied by Mrs. Eva Lynn Mackay.
Elliott Lauds Ade At Gala Luncheon Four hundred alumni, returning for the class reunions held in conjunction with Gala Week festivities, gathered in the ball room of the Memorial Union Building for the Loyalty Luncheon Sunday noon, where George Ade, ’87, Hoosier humorist, acted as toastmaster. President Elliott, in presenting gold certificates to the members of the class of ’87 in recognition of their support of the University, paid special trit)ute to George Adq, whose service to the school he said could be compared to that of John Purdue. Other gold certificates went to Bennett Taylor, West Lafayette. C. F. Moore, Racine, Wis.; Richard Pierce, West Lafayette; and Harry T. Cory, Reverly Hills, CaL
Webb Shows Bridge Films Tomorrow Sound motion pictures of the 77 million dollar San Francisco-Oak-land bridge will be presented Wednesday, May 5, at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building by C. E. Webb, division engineer for the American Bridge Company.
Psychology Association Elects O’Shea Member Professor Harriet E. O’Shea, of the education department of the University, has been elected to a membership in the Association of Consulting Psychologists. Membership in the association, which has its headquarters in New York City, is open only to those who are doing active consulting work in the field of psychology.
Kirkpatrick Wm Present Illustrated Convocation Natural-colored pictures depict- \ ing the wonders of the Utah-Ariz- ) ona National Parks are to be pres- ^ ented in Eliza Fowler Hall this evening at 8 o’clock as a special convocation feature open to both student body and general public. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, announced yesterday. R. A. Kirkpatrick, president of the Americanism Congress, who is widely known as a lecturer, author, traveler, naturalist, and educator, will present the illustrated lecture. His remarkable colored views picture Zion, Bryce Canyon, Grand Canyon National Park, Cedar Break National Monument, and Kaibab National Forest. Knows Zane Grey His lecture wiU include tales of his association with the famous author, Zane Grey, whom he introduced to the Zion National Park region of Utah and with whom he explored this region, making trails through mountain canyons never before visited by white men. His stories of the purple sage country form the historic background for several of Grey’s novels. Kirkpatrick has taken the natur-al-colored pictures himself, and each year he returns to the West to add to his collection. His appearance here is made possible through the cooperation of the Union Pacific Railroad system which sponsors the lectures. Convocation tickets will not be required for admittance.
Ross To Speak At PIA Dinner David E. Ross, chairman of the board of trustees, will be the principal speaker at the annual P. L A. banquet to be given May 12 at 5:45 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. He will talk on “Living With People.” The banquet is held each year to present awards to the outstanding members, to install newly elected ofiieers and board members, and to discuss plans for the next year. Lamb Trophy Wilson White, sophomore civil, will present the Lamb i Trophy to the most outstanding freshman P. I. A. member of the year. White won the award last year. The graduating senior member with the highest scholastic index for his four years will be awarded the H. G. Reisner Cup. Gold keys will be given to senior members of the P. I. A. board; all other members who have distmguished themselves in the various activities of the association will be presented with silver keys. Tickets for the banquet may be purchased from members of the P. I. A. board for 50 cents. The banquet is open to all members of the association.
Present ‘Marline’ On Mothers’ Day Playshop’s new production “Martine,” under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael, will be prmented to the public on Mothers’ Day, May 8, at 9 p. m. in the Jefferson High School auditorium. “Martine,” a romantic story, presents the city slicker just out of the army and going to visit his grandmother. Here he meets Martine,. the lovely, simple, country girl that die immediately faseinate$. The eternal triangle is represented by the entrance of Jeanne, the Ci^ girl who finally marries the hero. Martine then returns to her first love, Alfred.
Corps Form Today At 11 On latrapiural Fl^d The entire University corps .wijBi form on Intramural Field today at 11 o’clock go through the finiJ dress rehearsal before the natiomkl inspection on May 13 and 14. lien* tenant-Colonel Brewer and s^ w^ he the reviewing ^cers.
I. % !
iJ %/
mm
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
$nti>ue exponent
PMiaOcd til 18S0
»1
ft—ocfattgd ftr—
MPmaBimb pon natiohai. ADVCRTtBiNS mr National Advertising Service, Inc. Colhe» Pmbitskm R*tr»t»nmiv* 420 MADIBON AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - BAN FRANCISCO U>B ANOKLSS • PORTLAND - BEATTLB
Bntered ss second class matter at i the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Deliver^^ in^ delivered by carrier. $2.B0 per year; sold by a single copy,2.cep^
Daily Student Publication of Purdne University
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF • E* H. Morris 2SSte S?s' ■~K:X B7?i’iS;7i:k/rick; r^H c. ^S^r Qnnhnmnrp Anfiistanta .. W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A* Chapin^J.^ yiarK Sophomore Ass ta ■ ■ ■ Hardm. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stenback, D^R. Vmcc £. H. Kelloffg, Ko E. O Neil Bold and Black Editor •• • —
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager — National Advertising Manager
Lo^ Advertising Manager— Advertising Assistants
R. J. Hulse
H. Brown
Circulation Manager..
D. C. MiUer
" " "w '.T. 'Giliilan. E. R. Hensler, hL 0. l^ves
J. P. Girard
Circulation Assistants-
. F. C. Robbins, P. T. Swain
Editor — Associate Editors —
SPORTS STAPF _ w. TT.''l«Mfleld. S. R.' Griffiths. R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF
Editor Associate Editors— Advertising Manager
..Helen Creech
... Jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney, EliM^to Fy^
___ „..........Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—Don Paarlberg
Human Engineering
Ever so often, students will make brilliant marks in their school work and then go out into professional work and turn
out to be complete failures.
Many of these students know the technical side of their pro-
fession thoroughly. Why, then, should they not continue to be successful after getting out of school? The answer is that while in school they dealt only with books and technical matters ; they forgot that they would also have to make contacts
with fellow human beings after they graduated. Concerning his latest book, “How To Win Friends And Influ-
ence People,” Dale Carnegie, noted public speaking authOTity,
‘Dealing with people is probably the biggest problem
you face. To illustrated Investigation and research made a few years ago under the auspices of the Carnegie Foundation uncovered a most important and signifleant fact—a fact later confirmed by additional studies made at the Carnegie Institute of Technology. These investigations revealed that even in such technical lines as engineering, about 15 percent of one’s financial success is due to one’s technical success and about 85 per cent is due to skill in human engineering—^to personality and
the ability to lead people.”
Why do so many fail to make the grade in human engineering? One of the most common faults in the studious type of person is that he becomes so interested in his work that he forgets about other subjects in life. The result is that he cannot talk on other topics and his conversation becomes rather bor-
ing.
Then there is personality. It is a hard word to define, but in reality it is a measurement of how successful we are in our relations with other people. One of the best ways of learning how to get along with people is actually to come in contact with them as much as possible—^try to learn what they like and
what we do that they do not like.
Fellow human beings will surround us all of our lives. They and they alone will determine how successful shall be. No matter what ideas one may have he will always have to sell those ideas to other people before they mean anything. With so much of our success in life depending on our relations with other people, everyone should spend a little time trying to find oiit how he can make a success out of human engineering as well as technical engineering.—C. D. S.
Hostility “I have never seen a time when the students’ attitude toward the teaching profession was as hostile as it is now!” says Prof. Frank Nagley, of Southern California University. Evidently students on the far shores of California do not greatly differ from Purdue undergraduates in their feeling toward the professorial kin. The situation has become indeed deplorable; so acute that almost every time a student is seen in conversation with an instructor he is accused of the loathsome crime of “sucking.” To linger after class hours talking to a professor is generally considered a vice—a vice supposed only to be practiced by parasitical creatures who depend on soft soap and flattery to win good grades. It seems strange that the classical idea of a teacher is portrayed by a sissified, narrow-minded sort of person, so lacking in perception as not to be capable ‘of differentiation between genuine desire for knowledge and cheap flattery. This must certainly be the case, however, for how else could be explained the numerous instances where whole classes have been known to produce sibilant sucking sounds at the sight of a classmate engaged in conversation at the desk. Somewhat more friendly in their attitude are the upperclassmen, particularly the seniors. They, after four years of association, have become better acquainted with their mentors and have begun to realize that teachers, as a rule, are only human. Most seniors admit that friendly acquaintance with their professors is an asset in the task of absorbing knowledge as painlessly as possible. Perhaps underclassmen would benefit from early friendship with the personalities they are to study under during their college life. Get-acquainted measures such as student faculty contests, fraternity faculty dinners, and mixed discussion groups should be encouraged as a means of discouraging the deplorable general hostility.—^H. I. S.
An Open Letter To Seniors
Every year at this time, the Commencement invitations and announcements are placed on sale for the benefit of the Senior Class by the Gala Week Committee. The length of this sale is naturally limited in order to give the Seniors time to distribute them. Every year, due to their own negligence, a number of Seniors fail to get their invitations and announcements. The number ordered from the manufacturer is the same number as ordered by the Seniors, NO EXTRAS. Therefore, for your own good, don’t delay. Place your order today either at Deac’s, Southworj;h’s, or at the special desk in the Memorial Union Building.—^The 1937 Gala Week Committee.
FAMOUS TECHNIQUE . . . “I didn’t know she was married until . .
The tender fragrance of the blossoming petunias and several onions of questionable character were preS' ent at the UNION SHOW last evening . . . the first, present; the latter thrown ... at the BELT congregation by (or should I say with compliments of) the ALPHA CHI’s ... said GALS began their program with (quote) “LADIES, GENTLEMEN, AND DELTS” unquote . . . bless their little hearts, they have the right idea . . . nothing else of interest happened . . .
Since last Sunday, RUTH ANGERT can keep her nose as high as anyone else . . . CHUCK COE finally broke down and planked his D. U. SWEETHEART PIN on her in spite of a previously mentioned scandal picture . . . ED HURLEY pinned BETTY JOSSELYN behind his DELT pin last Friday night and went out to congratulate himself . . or went out . . .
The VERSE time, it wasn’t so bad soo-o-o- . . . Here’s to the gals that wear highheeled shoes, That smoke your cigarettes and drink your booze. Treat you right and is always j square. But she sleeps with her MA, it ain’t fair. —DEAN.
KIM’S colyum last week contained some random chatter relating to the THETA’S superiority at DEPAUW . . . besides a lot of comment, he says it isn’t the truth nohow . . . there were 28 PINS out of 41 GIRLS which, incidentally, increases their batting average to .866
SOMEBODY SAID . . . WINNIE GREGORY had another date after the THETA DANCE last Saturday . BARBARA DOBSON failed to get “TALL and HANDSOME” HUGH SCOTT’S Phi Delt Pin after hours of trying and stulF . . . JAN DECKER took a SIG CHI frosh to PROM for reasons unbeknownst ter us . . . JOHNNIE SINES and BLANCHE KERNEL keep their arms in practice playing ball in the lower Union hall . . . the KAPPAS are running a bus line service to the SOLDIER’S HOME ... VI DAMMEYER is wearing ROBBIE REED’S recognition pin around . . QUEEN of the sweet shoppe HUDSON is to be married in June . . . and how about borrowing .two bucks
Our CANDID CAMERAMAN has been busy these past few nights and finally obtained this splendid ample of ... it must be somtin ... watch your step girls ...
The ROYAL ORDER of KNIGHTS and LADIES of the DOG HOUSE is ordering twenty barrels of beer and twenty hamburgers for their pledge dance to be held in a couple of weeks so hurry and get in your nominations ... pledges receive the MARS PASSES and a bullet-proof vest . . .
FAMOUS LAST LINES ... Was there ever a man. With soul so dead. That never unto himself has said “@|)?!;&@&|(! SHUCKS . . . —KIM.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
All Colors Of Rmnhow Are Being Blended Inio Festivtd Day Costumes
By Sally McKee Red, green, blue, white, purple, yellow—all colors of materials are rapidly developing into costumes for the Festival Day pageant to be given Saturday afternoon on the Oval. The costumes designed by Mary Tangerman are being molded ]by the deft fingers of Georganna Huber, Martha Anne Avery, and the costume committee. The lights in room E of the Union burn late, and the sewing machines whirr continually as green dresses appear for the Irish maidens of the Festival Day dances. Mary Tangerman is in charge of the Festival Day plans and is also author of the pageant. White Aprons Neatly piled in a far corner are the neat prissy white aprons which will complete the costumes of our Irish “colleens.” You ask why the red, blue, and yellow. The country lassies will have skirts of these colors with white peasant blouses and laughing, printed kerchiefs as head-dresses. Scotch Lassies “Hoot, ha’e ye heerd about the fine Scotch plaid from which the canny lassies are fashioning the kilts and hats?” With neatly tight bodices and pink dresses, trimmed in lace, the merry shepherdesses will skip gleefully in Mary Tangerman’s seVr enteenth century pageant. The 10 mummers—bats, birds, rabbits and queer monstrosities of all descriptions—^will cavort and frolic in costumes made and designed under the guidance of Betty Elstun. And don’t miss the heralds; there will be ten of them next Saturday in hip length red tights and blousy purple cavalier suits.
Kappa Psi, Pharmacy Honorary, Initiates 11
Kappa Psi, pharmacy honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: C. C. Clifton, Covington; W. R. Netherton, Chalmers; J. W. Bolton, Decatur; M. W. McKinney, Winslow; J. E. Christian, Lafayette; E. S. Standish, Bentleyville. Pa.; R. L. Clark, Lafayette; R. T. Erdman, Reynolds; R. J. Kantz, Lafayette; R. J. Sqhreiber, Tell City; and P. A. Reznik, LaPorte.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADYER'nSERS
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Conforming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Wheeler and Woolsey
‘Mummy’s Boys” —and— Mary Boland
“A Son Comes Home” —also— Cartoon Comedy
The Show Event Lafayette Waits For!
Here eomes rhythm on roller skatesi
Starts Midnite Preview Saturday
NEW MAIN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“Bring your wife over after the show and the four of us will have some fun.”
Hi* tfalnkiiis fellow calle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blaek Con for Special Occaolona 2le per paaMiiger any part of tba city SQ2S PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
R. C. EISENBACH Jewele^^ and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Family
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Double Feature
Rochelle HUDSON RUchael WHALEN
LUMA
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
CHARLES
BOytR-ARTM ^HISTORYISi^ NiU)IATNIGH?^i
with LEO CARRILLO
COl
end COLIN CLIVE
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
A New Universal Picture
Biffy with then mtny-mtkttti
DORIS NOIAN • eCORCC MSlRPNy NlieM MCR8KRT • ORSOORV RATOrr • 6IRTRVDE RICStN EUA LOeAR • NENRy ARMETTA RAy MAyER • MIOCNA AVER IWnratMloa . Peggy Ryen . Gereld piWei SaOh . deck Saurt • The Mllomli Cellegleiu
OeeJe GBWagiMM - Emetr CoiMft
deeiflegi
tol3S0
^4/
—PLUS— Our Gang MUSICAL COMEDY
Traveltalk in Color
NEW iBk I
TODAY — TOMORROW
Two First Run Feature Hits!
—ALSO-
A Merry-Mad Mixup with Gobs of Fun!
NAVY
BLUES
DICK
WARREN A » -
PURCRL ’ MARY RRIAN r lENHYMEB-JOSEPH SAWYER Illflu ^UJnuMUIB JSJSJrUiNJSM A
Passes Help Freshmen Upset Varsity, 18-13
By Bill Fifield
Passes paved the way for the touchdowns in the 18-13 upset scored by the freshmen over th6 varsity last Saturday afternoon in the annual frosh-varsity grid tilt at Ross-Ade stadium. Midway in the third quarter, with the varsity leading 13 to 12, the rhinies pulled a trick pass, with a Lafayette boy, Dusie
Vyverberg, tossing to Jack
Krause who ran 50 yards for a touchdown. Good Blocking The freshmen, coached by Earl Burnham, well deserved the victory for their good blocking and team work. They did some of the best blocking shown by a frosh squad for several years. The first score was made by the varsity in the first few minutes of play. A long pass by Cecil Isbell to Jim Zachary put them within scoring distance, after which Bob Selby plunged over the goal. Near the end of the quarter the frosh produced their first score when Nesbitt circled around end and made the score 7-6 in varsity’s favor. A pass from Selby to Purvis gave the varsity a 13-6 lead at the half. The rhimes did all of ;the scoring in the second half. Leon DeWitte intercepted a varsity pass during the third quarter and returned it 70 yards for the second frosh touch-
down.
Golfers Defeat DePauw, 18-0; Lose Match To Illinois
The Boilermaker golf squad broke even in its two matches this weekend, defeating the DePauw squad on Saturday, 18-0, and losing to Illinois yesterday, 10%-7%. Both of the matches were played at the West Lafayette Country Club. In Saturday’s tilt, the Gold and Black men made a clean sweep, winning both foursomes, which were played in the morning, and all four individual matches, which were run off in the afternoon. mini Triumph In yesterday’s meet, however, the home team did not fare so well. The mini, lead by Kokes, who finished third in Big Ten competition last year, won both morning foursome contests and split the afternoon tilts. Hobart of Illinois shot a 73 for the low score of the meet.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119^ Tine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
Scobee*s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
EXCELLENT GREENS SPORTY COURSE
7 Miles North on Road 43, Vi Mile West on Kolb Road
Green Fee 35c per half day
Edwood Glen Golf Course
Greek Track,
Field Meet Starts Today
The annual inter-fratemity track and field meet will open this afternoon at the Ross-Ade Stadium, with the final events being run off tomorrow. With participation points going to every team that has four men in the meet, a large entry is expected and the competition should be quite strong in all of the events. Last year’s winners, the Phi Psi’s found this to be true in last year’s meet, when they had to come from behind after trailing the S. A. E.’s during the first day of competition. The Kappa Sig’s finally wound up in second place last year, with the S. A. E.’s ending m third place. Prizes As prizes, a beautiful trophy is awaiting the winning fraternity and medals going to all men competing as members of the winning team. The events to be run off today are the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus, and pole vault. Tomorrow’s schedule calls for the 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile run, the javelin throw, broad jump, high jump, and relay.
^Swede^ Thursby Wins Freshman Football Award
Stanley “Swede” Thursby, rugged yearling end from North Tonowanda, N. Y., was named as the winner iP4 the ]^j(irdue freshman football Merit Trophy in an announcement between the halves of the varsityfreshman game held last Saturday afternoon in ’the Ross-Ade Stadium. Named At Banquet Formal announcement of this award, which is given annually on the basis of improvement shown in spring drill, taking into consideration scholarship, attitude and attendance, was made by Burr Swezey, president of the Purdue Alumni Association at the annual alumni banquet Saturday night. Augie Momingstar, stalwart center from Massillon, 0., was named as alternate for the award. In order to qualify for actual possession of the seventh annual Purdue Frosh Football trophy, an engraved 100 dollar gold watch, the winner must return to school in the fall, eligible for competition.
^SUDDEN Device
P
RINTING.
Offle* SMoMiy.. VcdcHaf hivIMIoM fal#® Boolci, Etc. .
'■^62 8 CASSELS AMtad'
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. SUE OB. BOBBRT 6^ BUE DB. LUTHBB A. SUE
409 Sehnlts Bldg. Phone 5701
Closing Out ^ Price De Foe Art Colors
J. SPERB HDW.
819-34 Uidn
Lemen Stars
As Thinlyclads Lose To Illini
Superior strength in the field events enabled the Illinois track squad to defeat the Boilermaker thinlies last Saturday afternoon at RossAde Stadium by a score of 85 to 46. With the exception of the pole vault, where Johnny Sines edged into a triple tie for first, the Illini copped first and second honors in all field events. The Gold and Black men showed up well in the distance events, making sweeps in the two mile and one mile runs, and taking second and third in the half mile and first and second in the 440.
Lemen Stars In 220 Hurdles
Bob Lemen, lanky Boilermaker hurdler, turned in the afternoon’s outstanding performance, when he traversed the 220 yard low hurdles in :23.8, just three-tenths of a second short of the state record.
Two of the afternoon’s events provided real thrills for the spectators; the 440 yard dash and the one mile relay. In the 440, Terhune Luther, and Speer came down the home stretch literally separated by inthes. The mile relay was nip-and-tuck all the way through, with first Purdue, then Illinois ahead, but Robinson made a sprint in the final yards of the last lap to pass Terhune by a nose. Summary: One Mile Run—Won by Knapp, Purdue; Marozick, Purdue, second; Goory, Purdue, third. Time—4:31.3. 440—Yard Dash—Won by Terhune, Purdue; Luther, Purdue, second; Speer, Illinois, third. Time— :51.0. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Grieve, Illinois; Ashley, Illinois, second; DeLong, Purdue, third. Time— :09.9. Shot Put—Won by Bruder, Illinois; Frary, Illinois, second; Murphy, Purdue, third. Distance—47 ft. 6 1-2 inches.
120 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Brunton, Illinois; Robinson, Illinois, second; Lemen, Purdue, third. Time —:14.9. Pole Vault—Frary and Hackett, Illinois, and Sines of Purdue tied for first. Height—11 ft. Running High Jump—Won by Diefenthaler, Illinois; Spurgeon, Illinois, second; Williamson, Purdue, third. Height—6 ft. Half Mile Run—^Won by Gaines, Illinois; Bodeau, Purdue, second; Goory, Purdue, third. Time—1:67.1. 220 Yard Dash—Won by Grieve, Illinois; Ashley, Illinois, second; DeLong, Purdue, third. Time — :21.6. Two Mile Run—^Won by Marozick, Purdue; Long, Purdue, second; Knapp, Purdue, third. Time—10:43. Discus Thrbw—^Won by Frary, Illinois; Kusz, Illinois, second; Grant, Purdue, third. Distance—143 ft., 6 1-2 inches.
220 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Lemen, Purdue; Robinson, Illinois, second; Brunton, Illinois, third. Time—:23.8. Broad Jump—^Won by Brunton, of Illinois; Spurgeon, Illinois, second; Wadleigh, Purdue, third. Distance —22 ft., 10 inches. Javelin Throw—Won by Rudolph, Illinois; Brown, Illinois, second; Stewart, Purdue, third. Distance— 192 ft., 8 inches. One Mile Relay—Won by Illinois (Speer, Gaines, Ashley, Robinson); Purdue, second. Time—3:26.6. Pinal score—Illinois, 86; Purdue, 46.
Intramurals
The annual ward horseshoe tournament, a part of the intramural sport program, will start at 4:15 Wednesday afternoon on the courts east of the Armory. Anyone interested in participating may sign up on the bulletin board in the gymnasium. Ward golf and tennis entries may also be made by signing the entry blank in the gymnasium. These applications should be made immediately. There is a slight deficiency in the number of candidates for the allcampus golf tournament. Anyone interested in entering may make an application at the intramural office.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4;15
Diamond 3—Ward 8 vs. Ward 11-x. 5—Ward 16 vs. Wardll-a.
I -fielder’s.... I I* ....choice I # ■■■By Bob Walpole #
A rather unhappy week-end for the varsity major sports ... Indiana took the hall club to the cleaners, and the Illini cinder squad did the same thing to the Boilermaker track team . . . —fc— It was rather punk baseball from the Boilermaker side ... errors that shouldn’t have occurred . . . more like the baseball teams of former years than the team that had been playing heads up ball until Friday .. —^fc— A number of inquiries have been received as to why Co-Captain Bob Lucas hasn’t been playing second base ... Dutch is running the team, but it seems to us that there isn’t a better second baseman in school than Luke, and he certainly isn’t doing any good on the bench .. . —fc— The team that played Friday was without a senior .. . six sophomores and three juniors completed the outfit . . .if it’s experience that Dutch Wants for the boys, why doesn’t he use the youngsters in the less important games such as Butler and Wabash . . . —^fc— Tomorrow Purdue will meet the Illini on the Champaign diamond . . Thursday Wabash will be here for the game that was rained out several weeks ago, and Friday Chicago will be in Lafayette for a doubleheader ... we hope to see the club perk up a bit, and give the pitchers a little support at bat and on the field . . .
Hoosier Nine Cuts Early Purdue Lead To Win, 8-3
By Dick Obenchabi
After holding the Crimson nine for four innings, the Boilermaker squad eased up and allowed the Indiana team to tie the score and go on to beat the local nine, 8 to 3, last Saturday morning on Intramural Field. The Indiana power was shown in the last five innings, when they broke through the Purdue defense to score eight runs on
FRESHMAN TENNIS
TODAY—4:15
Fuente vs. Tresselt. Close vs. Breiner. Wright vs. Catterall. Munro vs. Fell. Cooper vs. Schmidt. Kochlas vs. Heubner. Lentz vs. Brand. Helbeck vs. Hooker. Wallace vs. Olsen. Winship vs. Hebbler.
—'"■5:00 Leffler vs. Johnson. Berg vs. Blessing. Woodson vs. Buenting. Spurgeon vs. Werst. Alexander vs. Mayfield. Murray vs. Wilks. Gobeille vs. Lee. Draper vs. Chapline. Schrader vs. George.
the same number of hits. Mangas started the game and held the Crimson squad for four innings. He seemed to have the game well in hand, as the local squad made an excellent showing at both the plate and in the field. Mangas weakened in the fifth inning and allowed the Indiana hitters to score two runs. Grieger hit a line drive which the Bqilermaker hurler could not hold and on the play Mangas hurt his pitching hand and had to leave the pitching mound in favor of left field. Crimson Squad Shows Power The Indiana power was the highlight of the game as the Purdue squad, although playing the best game of the year, was unable to withstand the Indiana attack. L. Grieger, who relieved the starting Crimson hurler, held the squad scoreless the la^t seven innings and proved himself especially tough in the pinches after he had worked himself into several holes. The game which was scheduled to have been played last night at the Butler diamond in Indianapolis was postponed because of rain. The summary:
Purdue Baker, If Dean, 2b Bartz, rf Breslin, 3b Mangas, p. Krause, c Waling, lb Botney, lb Malaska, cf Thompson, ss Heiss, p Martin, p *Mitchell, p **Bredewater, p
AB 3 5 2 4 5 4 2 2 4 3 1 0 1 1
R 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
H 1 1 1 4 1 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0
Totals Indiana Thompson, 2b
37 AB 4
3 R 2
11 H 2
Gwin, cf
R. Grieger, c Hobson, rf
Clark, lb
Andres, 3b
Becker, If
Abernathy, ss
Adler, p
L. Gneger, p. ***Filchock, p
37
8 12
Totals
*Batted for Heiss m 2nd. **Batted for Martin in 9th. ***Batted for Gwin in 8th.
Michigan Netmen Beat Hawkeyes, 4-0
Michigan’s tennis team scored its second clean sweep in as many days when it defeated the Iowa netters 4-0 Saturday morning on the Purdue courts. With all four of the matches going to three sets, the Wolverines were hard pressed taking the match. Fleming, Iowa, and Sherwood, of Michigan, put on a fine display of tennis in the No. 1 match. Fleming with his beautiful forehand shots and Sherwood, with his fine backhand placements kept the match in doubt until the very last and gave the small crowd a real show. Doubles Called Off Since Michigan, with a 4-0 lead, was assured of victory, the doubles matches were called off to give the Hawkeyes some rest before their match in the afternoon with Pur-
1 tdue.
Summary: Sherwood, Michigan, defeated Fleming, Iowa, 6-3, 5-7, 6-4; MUls, Michigan, defeated O’Conner, Iowa, 6-3, 4-6, 6-3; Dean, Michigan, defeated Stansbury, Iowa, 6-4, 4-6, 6-3; Flick, Michigan, defeated MeCullum, lowE^, 4-6, 9-7, 6-3.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
vj
USED IN NEW WAY PROVIDES AIR-CONDITIONED REFRIGERATION
^ Because the anuElng new ICE refrigerator is air-oonditiooed, ^ foods stay fredi longer—taste better. Constant coJd keeps foods always at the right t^peratures .. . proper moisture pfotects them against rc^id drying out , . and cleen-washed air prevents the mingling of food flavtHU and eliminates the need for eo¥ered dishes. This » complete food protection, unobtainable in any other type of refrigerator. With the modem ICE refrigerator, there is nothing to get out of order— no noise—no defrosting. Ice cubes are available m five imnutes Operating cost is low because one servicing of ice ordinarily lasts from four to seven days. All of these advantages are yours in the new air-conditioned ICE refrigerator, at a cost less than half as much as other types. Talk to your Ice Service Man or call us for a FREE home trial.,
FOR ONLY
$^950
BE SORE TO rilNC IMf Gladys Swarthout, Frank Chiq;>maD, and a ftonous OrdKStra.., Spbnswed by the country’* leading Ice ^tid Ice Refrigerator Compaiues. YOUR TIME. YOUR STATION
Cam Bmy lids BtamtifiU lyjy COOLERATORi
Easy Payments FKEE ffOME TRIAL
nMW BUIWETS SefMIlKI MOW No fear of spoilage. You can buy in larger qumidties and take advantage *'speciak“. Left-overs ate more usable, too.
LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO,
Fourth and Salem Sts.
l^one Sots
- Ctricl ALONE id not enaiigh fI
■V':- . ; ■■
Sv'It'. ;: ■.,
1?-
Fotnr
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented »nd rep&ired. Supplies for All innchinee G. F, EbershofF, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
wmmm
^nnis ■ h ‘ 1 ■-*
Blanks Purdue, 6-0
Antiques—Old glass, china, furniture, brass, pewter, silver, old fashion prints, bric-a-brac. Prices reasonable. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Typing Done—Reasonable prices. Phone 66774 or take to 516 Stadium avenue.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Gold Peppers—Dinner for junior and senior Gold Peppers is postponed, indefinitely. —SCUDDER.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. ... —PITTMAN.
Bngineerintr Seniors—^Mr. H. L. Pearson of the Central Illinois Gas Company, is considering the employment of several senior cadet engineers. If you wish to be considered gign up in the office of the head of the school concerned. —WALTERS.
M. E. And I. E. Seniors—Mr. T. L. Hoffman of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company will interview -mechanical and industrial engineers May 7. If interested sign up in Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS.
Mechanical Engineers—Anyone interested in employment with the Illinois Tool Works of Chicago in applied mechanics work, report to Professor Young’s, office. —WALTERS.
Independent Students—Petitions for the boa]^ positions in the Purdue Independent Association for 1937-38 must be turned in by May 7. The offices open are the following chairmanships: political, men’s social, men’s activities, women’s social, women’s activities, and campaign. Please state time available, position desired, experience, and references. —HERSH.
Student Senate—Important meeting for nomination of officers May 4 at 7 p. m. sharp in room C of the Union. —MARTIN.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games will be played May 4 at 4 p. m. In case of rain the first game listed will be played in the Women’s Gymnasium. W. R. H. vs. Alpha Chi Omega ; Chi Omega vs. Ward 3. Be prompt. —TOWNSEND.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—From now on the names of girls in horseback riding classes will not be published every day. Each girl will report at her scheduled time or notify the main office before noon. —HAZELTON.
Iowa’s experienced racquetmen proved too much foi^ Purdue Saturday afternoon, when the Hawkeye tennis team blanked the Boilermaker netmen 6-0. The Hawkeyes won all of the individual matches with the exception of the No. 2 doubles in straight sets, but not without a fight. Fleming, Iowa’s No. 1 man, played some fine tennis in taking Maury Wakefield into camp despite the fact that he was playing with a sprained ankle and had already played a hard three set match in the morning against Michigan. Gardner had the best chance of the Purdue singles men to take a match when he canried Stansbury, Iowa’s No; 3 man, to a 7-5 score in the first set after leading most of the way, but faltered in the second set, losing it 6-3. Played Good Tennis Although beaten in all their matches, the Boilermakers showed spurts of good tennis. The summary: SINGLES—Fleming, loWa, defeated Wakefield, Purdue, 6-1, 6-2; O’Connor, Iowa, defeated Traylor, Purdue, 6-2, 6-1;. Stansbury, Iowa, defeated Gardner, Purdue, 7-5, 6-3; McCullum, Iowa, defeated Mann of Purdue, 6t1, 6-2. DOUBLES—Fleming and O’Connor, Iowa, defeated Wakefield and Traylor, Purdue, 6-0, 6-0; Stansbury and McCullum, Iowa, defeated Gardner and Jackson, Purdue, 2-6, 6-4, 6-2.
Chemistry 117 nr 118 will be held in tht Chemistry Building May 8 from 1 +n 4 n. m —NEWTON.
Horticulture Club—Meeting May 5 in Hortie'dture Building at 7 p. m. Pres. Sheetz will be in charge. —HYMEN.
E""'lish 121 SUidonts—Sections 4 sod B meet in room 201 of the Education Building 8 a. m. for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK.
Set PIA Petition Deadline At May
Petitions for posts on the board of directors of the Purdue Independent Assdciatiori must be tnfhdd in by Friday, May 7, it was announced by P. I. A. officials. The petitions should be filed in the P. I. A. office in the Memorial Union Building. All members of the Association are eligible to petition for positions on the board of directors. Positions open include women’s activities chairman, men’s activities chairman, men’s social chairman* women’s social chairman, political chairman, and campaign manager. Only the candidate’s signature is Required on the petition. At a joint meeting, the old board and the officers of the new board will vote on the petitions.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, J. H. Anning; vice-president, H. Pforzheimer; secretary, J. S. McWilliams; corresponding secretary, J. R. Phister; warden, P. E. Oxley; herald, J. A. Gann; and chronicler, A. B. Keller.
Pi Kappa Phi Elects
Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, C. L. Sadler; treasurer, S. B. Swann; secretary, J. H. Nicholas; historian, W. E, Catterall; chaplain, R. A. Anderson; warden, C. J. McDonall; bookkeeper, T. F. Miller.
’35 Grad Receives Job ’ As Demonstration Agent
Cnncfirt Choir—'Rohearsal May 4 at 7 u. m in the Women’s Gym. —BRUBAKER.
Sr-ivenor—Mo'^ting tonight at 8 at -360 Northwestern. Pledges are invited. Bring manuscripts. —RADKEY.
Union Committees—All Union workers report to the ballroom to take down Prom decorations May 4. —PFORZHEIMER.
Bowling—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved for competitive bowling May 4. , —PFORZHEIMER.
University Sing-r-Orgariizations that have not called for their instructions may obtain them at the Student Union office May 4 from 4 until 5:30 o’clock. —WEIGANDT.
CbndRion Exam in Chemistry—-Examina-tions for removal of conditions in' either
[LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery ' F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REIsklJR
Engineer Staff—All freshman and soebomore workers report, to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. May 4. —GILBERT.
Festival Day—Compulsory rehearsal 'Mnv 4 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym for complete cast of pageant. —TANGERMAN.
Delta Rho Kappa—Important meeting at 4 p. m. May 4 in room F of the Union. —FITCH.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all ■members and pledges in room D of the Union Building May 5 at 7 :30 p. m. —MERRIAM.
Military Students—Form on Intramural Field for corps day at 11 a. m. M^v 4. —HAYFORD.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 7 at 7 :15 D. m. The place will be announced later. All members are urged to attend. —CLEVENGER.
Forestry Field Day—All committees me at my house'atV p. m. May 4. - -v ' —WALTERS.
Dorner*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
f'J 4on*t think that new presser has much experiencehe’s nlwnyAputting a sheet of carbon paper between two pairs of pants.”
Mary Eloise Wilsey, ’35, home economics graduate of the University, was recently named home demonstration agent in Green County, and assumed her new duties May 1. Since her graduation. Miss Wilsey has been teaching vocational home economics both at Poseyville and Stewartsville.
RfetiiM a Favorite With a Brand New Look!
Have your hat Crown Cleaned and Blocked, Crown process makes it repellent to water.
F IN E CL E AN E R S O F FI N E C L O T H E S
Set Home Agents’ School For Thursday, Friday
Miss Leila Gaddis, leader of the home demonstration agent activities in Indiana, announces that the home demonstration agents’ training school will be held Thursday and Friday, May 6 and 7. This school is expected to draw agents from 36 Indiana counties.
Then there’s the absent minded professor who turned on his wife ..nd kissed the ignition.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHNSPURB
AFTER THE SHOW Hamburgers and Chile Manhattan Sandwich Shop Across from the Lahr House
Plumbing, Heating, Water Soft'■“'^liers hrid A^tohiatic Gas Heatofs 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. phone 4450 1622 East Maiii -
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic :Gas'.H<^ters’■ 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, Phone 4450 1622 East Main
M M el m
SUB^CRiE TQ THE PURDUE pxppHEHT
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 — 8050
RAIN OR SHINE PURDUE STUDENTS
READ EVERY LINE OF THE EXPONENT
“Do you know why traffic lights turn red?’’ “No. Why do they?” “You’d turn red too if you had to stop and go in the middle of the street,”
Aeronautical University Government Approved TAWl state Accredited " “ " Courses in? AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING (B. S. Degree) Licensed Mechanics . . Administration Day and Evening Courses in all Aeronautical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previously taken. Wonderful opportunities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet “A'VIATION AS A CAREER.” Aeronautical University ' Curtiss-Wright Bldg. Dept. D. 1., 1338 S, Michigan Ave. Chicago. Tel. Victory 2733
The best method of reaching all the Purdue students is the Exponent.
These days of spring weather have brouglit a feeling of new life and new interests on the campus. Spring seems to have the characteristic of turning the students’ minds to thoughts of formal dances, outdoor sports, new clothes, week-end trips. All this means new business for Lafayette
the students find the answer to their new
demaiids.