A’
L
vs5ES^5^^S»^»w»e«eWM.^^rf'
/■.
MERRY-GO-ROUND Tells Senate Plans For Lasting Peace
EstabliEfhed 1889
V
%JlQ4ne4lt ™ One More Day
EDIT WELCOMES Brazilian Trainees To University Scene
Volume 56, No. 72
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 26, 1943
193 Freshmen To Enter University Next Semester
30 Brdzilidn Avidtors ^^ucr, Honeywell Women To Fifty-Two Seniors
To Play For Convo Outnumber Qr^duate Without
On November Sixth
Arrive On Campus Today This morning at 10:30 thirty Brazilian Flyers are moving into the Union building to make their quarters for some time to come. These flyers are here as part of our State Department’s Good Neighbor policy ... to be trained to take over the German owned and run airlines in their own country. As is well known, Germany has control of many airlines in South America, mainly in Bra-
Math Department To Offer Course In Modern Statistics
zil and Argentina. In tlie past these airlines have been used as a means of communication between espionage agents in this country and their higher ups
in Germany itself.
^ We have long looked toward these airlines with mistrust and suspicion and now with Brazil in the war at out side an end is being
put to their activities.
Personnel Lack in Airlines
In order to help meet the demand for ' persons trained statistically, the mathematics department of the University is offernig a
One' factOT thSi has held up Bra- statistics course called Math, zil in stopping this leak has been ^2. Prof. I. W. Burr of the the lack of native personnel to take mathematics department will con-
over these airlines. To correct this
Brazilions are being sent to the background for it is a United States for the purpose of knowledge of algebra, training them to become pilots. During the past twenty years The University having proved statistics has been making remarkitself capable of all types of train- able progress. Business organizaing is coming in for its share of have been growing larger and these Brazilian trainees. They are J"®^® complex, requiring more and to take their training out at the m®’^® 1^® '^^1^® f®^' ®«1®^®”1^ ®P“ University airport for a period of eiating. Manufactui ing has sought time not yet revealed. more careful control of the quality rti TT . n of its products and better methods To Use Music Room « ♦ .1.1. j i. ^ ~ . -11 , n 01 turning out these products.
The Union is hard pressed for
space to house these men so because Governments Expanded of this the Music Room is to be Governments, both national and turned into a dorm for tjiem. This 1®®^^' expanded and increased probably means the Music Room is tbeir functions, duties and services.
a thing of the past at least for the duration. More men are to be housed in what are now the Activities Rooms of the Union, All of
Science, pure and' applied, has turned toward sounder ways of analyzing its data, and educational institutions have been endeavoring
this is being done on very short t® improve their methods of innotice which is causing no little struction and guidance, trouble for the people now involved -^11 ®^ these trends have increased in these activities. This is just one the need for persons ti-ained in the
more bit the University is doing to
help out the war effort. Steinhaus Speaks Before Industrial Recreation Clinic Dr. Arthur Steinhaus, research physiologist at George Williams College, spoke before the Industrial Recreation Clinic last night. One of the key points of his address was that recreation provides temporary escape and consequently time for physical recovery and refreshment to face anew the problems of life. Recreation is not any specific activity^ according Jo Mr. Steinhaus, but "a state of mind that can be induced by any one of many activities depending, on the- individual.” Steinhaus Warns Leaders, Steinhaus warned the industrial recreation leaders, who are from all parts of the country, that there is no one specific cause of fatigue, since in every bodily activity there is cooperation of muscles, circulatory system, nervous system and respiratory system. The failure of any one of these may halt the entire activity. The clinic will continue fiom Monday through to Saturday. Today’s program will include a discussion of “Problems of Initiation and Administration of an Employees Recreation Association,” by Dr. F. R. Eastwood, professor of industrial reci’eation at the University, committee meetings, and a discussion of “Camps for Employees and Their Families,” by W. J. Barmore, director of recreation, Carnegic-IUinois Steel Corporation. Notice Next issue of the Exponent will appear November 4. .lunior staff for this paper will be: Night editor, Abbett; City editor, Howes j Day editor, Mann; Issue editor, Denham; Proof, Baynes and Richardson. Staff for the November 7 issue includes: Night editor, Richardsion; City editor, Ford; Day editor. Riggs; Issue editor, Baynes.
statistic field. Now with the advent of the war the trend has been sharply accelerated and the need made greater, so this new course has been introduced to go along
with the trend and need.
WBAA To Operate On Part Time Basis
Harold Bauer and Eugenia Honeywell, duo-pianists, will be the featured artists on the next Music Hall convocation, which will be held Saturday, November 6. Bauer has been acclaimed by critics as a master pianist. He specializes in interpretations of Brahms and Schumann and has made numerous transcriptions and arrangements for the piano. Although originally he was a violinist, Bauer changed at the age of 30 to the piano. This was done at the suggestion of Paderewski, for whom he played second piano while the former practised concertos. Born in England Although he was born in England, Bauer became a citizen of the United States in 1921 and has identified himself with the musical life of this country. He debutted in Europe with the Berlin Philharmonic in 1893 and in the United States with the Boston Symphony Orchestra in 1900. Eugenia Honeywell is an Indiana pianist from Wabash. She began her concert career at an early age. A few winters ago in Florida Bauer and Mrs. Honeywell renewed an acquaintance which was begun a number of years ago. Last winter they each played as soloist with the Miami Symphony, while this year at the request of the manager of the orchestra they played a duopiano recitel. Invited Mrs. Honeywell to Play This summer while rehearsing for the Florida program, Bauer invited Mrs. Honeywell to play in a series of concerts with him this fall. As a part of the series they will appear during November in a number of concerts at various colleges and universities in Indiana. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7 p. m. Saturday, while the convocation will begin at 7:30 p. m. Students will be admitted by their receipt for fees, while service men may entet by presentation of recreation cards. Season admission tickets will admit faculty and the general public. Single admission tickets will be sold for $1.10.
Frosh Men Entering the University in the ne,w term, for which registration begins on November 5, will be 216 new students. Of this number are 193 freshmen. 138 of this number will be women students, half of whom will be enrolled in the Science School and kalf in the Home Eco-
nomics School.
This is the first time in thp history of the University that there have been more women students enrolling than men students. Registration will be on Friday and Saturday, November 5 and 6. As usual registration will take place in the Armory, with the University sti-eet door being the cor-
rect entrance.
Students Know Residence Places All students should be acquainted with their residence and the address and telephone number of the same. Students who have attended school in either the July term or the semi-term will be admitted to registration by the presentation of their schedule cards, but students who have not been in attendance at either of these sessions must obtain a permit to register from the Registrar’s Office before being permit-
ted to enter.
Get Blanks for Change of School Any student desiring to change schools in the University should obtain the proper blanks from the Registrar’s Office, and get required signatures before Sunday. Approval of the parents must also accompany the aforementioned form. New Students’ Regulations New undergraduate or special students will be admitted to registration with the presentation of Coupon A of the preliminary registration form of the arientation period, which will show that all tests and other exercises have been attended and properly marked. New Students Changing School Students who are attending the University for the first time, and (See REGISTRATION, page 3)
Usual Ceremonies Smallest number of seniors in many years, 52, will receive bachelors degrees as a culmination of their final undergraduate semester tomorrow. Diplomas will be mailed to the recipieipts since no graduation ceremony is planned. Four doctors degrees will be awarded to University men at the end of the present semester, according to ah announcement made yesterday by Prof. R. B. Stone, Registrar. Among those receiving Ph. D.’s are W. B. McElvoy, D. E. Cooper, R. E. Leech and Charles
Slesser.
At the same time two graduates will receive masters degrees in Mechanical Engineering. They are C. E. Bowman and C. L. Brown. Of the number graduating, three are in the school of agriculture, one in aeronautical engineering, seven in chemical engineering, nine in electrical engineering, three in civil engineering, four in home economics, two in forestry, two in metallurgical engineering, eleven in mechanical engineering, four in science, two in pharmacy, one in physical education and two in public service engineering. University Faculty Group Attends IAS Several University faculty members are scheduled to take part in the proceedings of the fifty-ninth annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science, to be held at Butler University, October 28 to 30. Vice-president of the organization this year is Prof. C. L. Porter of the biology division at the University. Among the ex-officio members serving on the program committee are A. T. Guard of the botany division and R. M. Cable of the zoology division at the University. Coed Hours Coed hours will be 12 p. m. for
tonight.
—AWS BOARD.
W. Henry Roberts, ’12, President of the Alumni Association, presenting silver trophies to Carroll Bartlett, ’19, captain of 1918 lootbali team, and R. .1. Whipkus, ’19, varsity player of 1918.
War Fund Nears Donation Deadline Since its beginning last week the Tippecanoe County War Fund Drive has been slowly gathering momentum^ and is expected to reach its climax today, which is the deadline foU contributions. Due to the large amount of checking, rechecking and auditing the returns pouring in from the volunteer solicitors, the latest figures available are those of Saturday. Since :: this last official announcement,
Supply Of Chemists Diminishing; Fewer Graduate Each Year
Accoi’ding to Prof. W. Albert
contributions have continued to come in in an ever-increas-
ing amount.
Prof. C. W. Beese, head of general engineering, has announced that by yesterday morning the faculty has contributed $4,391 and contributions keep coming in. To make the Utiiveisity canvass complete, today 600 v\omen aie go-
Noyes, chairman of a committee of ingto make a house to house, square the American Chemical Society for ky square campaign of \\ est Lafaythe professional training of chem- ®“® ^he sunounding country- . , , , side. Eveiy house vithoiit a blue ists, the supply of chemists and . , i. i , i. ^ sticker, which denotes that the occhemical engineers is drying up at cupants have contiibuted, rvill be the source; within a year or two, visited. Contributions received aftthere will be no more fully trained er Saturday, Octobei 30, will be takgraduates available in these fields, en to the Community Fund. It is impossible, the committee Contributions Not Audited
Through Vacation Vaudeville Still Lives . . .
points out, for students to meet the training requirements established by the society within the time limitation of 24 months imposed by se-
lective service.
24 Months Maximum Deferment
Student contiibutions have not yet been audited, and no estimate as to the approximate amount is available. Gullion and “Deac” Reisner have completed a suivey of the businesses in West Lafayette, and have
WBAA will operate only part time during the coming vacation, G. D. Williams, station program director, announced recently. The curtailed schedule is necessai’y because many members of the student announcing staff will be absent during the vacation period; however WBAA will be one of few campus organizations which will continue in
operation.
From October 27 through November 8, WBAA will broadcast from noon until 4 p. m. The progra^n schedule will mainly follow the present schedule for the hours indicated, with the addition of certain important programs normally heard which fall outside the^ proposed operating time. Upperclass Schedule Friday, November 5
9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. 10:30 A.M. 11:00 A.M. 11:30 A.M. 12:00 A.M. 1:30 P.M. • 2:00 P.M. • 2:30 P.M. • 3:00 P.M. ■ 3:30 P.M. ■ 4:00 P.M. - 4:30 P.M. ■ 5:00 P.M. 8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M. ■ 9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. .10:30 A.M. ■11:00 A.M. ■11:30 A.M. ■12:00 A.M. 1:30 P.M2:00 P.M. 2:30 P.M.
Victory Varieties Features Diversified Entertainment
“The maximum time now allowed turned in over $1,000 as a result of by selective service for deferment their soliciting, of students of 'chemistry and of In contributing to the War Fund other fields of jiechnology is 24 nne is fufilling a thiee-fold purpose, months,” it is explained. “It is the those of helping our aimed forces, opinion of the committee that the helping oiu allies, and helping the present requirements cannot be needy in our own counti.v. mot in less than two and two-thirds The war agencies that profit by calendar years which would include contributions to the War Fund ineight semesteis in an accelerated elude the United Service Organiza-
Aa-Bah Bai-Bir Bis-Brn .
Bro-Ce Cf-Cot
Cou-Dem - Den-Fow. Fox-Goe i Gof-Haq Har-Hn ..
Ho-Iz
Ja-Kel . Kem-Kz . La-Loo .
9:009:30-
10:00 11:0011:30-
1:00 1:30
. 2:00. , 2:30
3:00 3:30
. 4:00
4:30
Saturday, November 6
Lop-Mil ... Mim-Nee . Nef-Par . Pas-Qz . Ra-Rop Roq-Sch
Sci-Sk Sl-Ste
Stf-Wak Wal-Wilk Wil-Zz .
. 8:00- . 8:30-
9:009:30-
11:0011:.?0-
1:00 1:30 2:00
By Jean Yarge^ Carried into the ‘mep cat” rhythm of Milt Britton and Dorothy Donegan was Saturday night’s convo crowd of more than six thousand students attending Victory Varieties in the Hall of. Music. Dorothy Donegan was probably the most publicized star appearing in the show, and her style of boogie woogie fascinated the audience with its originality and vigor. Her facial contortions, persistent beating of rhythm with her feet, and her agility at sliding over the piano bench while playing Rachmaninoff’s almost unrecognizable “Prelude in C Sharp Minor” in boogie woogie was certainly new and different. Never Used Pedal Easily noticeable was the way in which Miss Donegan never once used the pedal while playing, but built up every crescendo by the strength of her fingers. Another of her tunes, “Tea for Two,” which began swedt and low, soon developed into a race from one end of the keyboard to the other. Her speed in playing intimated a slight nervousness, and it was after playing the second piece that she switched from the concert piano in front of the audience to the one used by Britton’s pianist. Apparently there was a slight flaw in the instrument, for Miss Donegan, who has a perfect ear, can tell imn\ediatcly if her piano
is light. Her shows are completely unrehearsed, and the pieces played are emotional feelings of the moment. For instance, she plays “Tea for Two” in at least five different tempos, depending upon her mood. Classic Knowledge Her knowledge of classics, which numbers a thousand pieces learned by memory, began when she was three years old. While very young, she planned a career as a concert pianist, but soon tired of what she considered dull music. She naturally liked to swing music, and soon developed/.her own technique for polishing ythe masters’ music into jazz. Milt Britton’s band was almost a show in itself as the antics of his band men kept the audience wondering exacjily what would happen next. The music began with new tunes from the movie, “Riding High,” in which the Britton band is featured, but soon developed into a “who can be the craziest act.” One of the best nonsensical parts was the mock symphony in which all members of the band put on wigs to look like the masters. Sousa, incognito, played a march, and a violinist broke his instrument over the head of a fellow player. Soon the whole band was in a riot, hut somehow enough instruments were salvaged to finish the program. Novelty seems to be Britton’s key word, for later one of the
musicians played a tune by stretching a filled balloon and another succeeded in getting music out of a carpet sweeper with the attachment for cleaning upholstery fastened on the end. Cleverest song played from '“Riding High” was “Injun Girl—Hep Hep” in which Britton’s vocalist, Natalie Kahn, was surrounded by a chorus of warring injuiis. The Taylor Kids, ranging from 13 years down to 6, were excellent troupers and fine performers. These children from Oak Park, 111., have done acrobatics since they were three, and what had started as a hobby eventually developed into theatrical performances. Marjorie, 7-year-old blond of the group, walked on her hands and did flips before she was four. Summer Tours All summer the Kids have been traveling over the midwest covering state fairs, county fairs and service camps, but since school stajrted, engagements are limited to week ends. The children’s mother plans all their tours and travels with them “to keep the children in hand.” Bonnie Baker, former vocalist with Orrin Tucker, sang her most famous “Oh Johnny,” which naturally brought an encore. For her last number on the program, she sang “Good-bye Now” as another Victory Vaiieties came to an end.
tri-semester schedule.”
“At piesent freshmen and sophomores become 18 yeais of age before they are within(»24 months of graduation and cannot be defen ed. The stream of technical students is therefore drying up at the source; already enrollment is down to about onc-tbird of noiinal. Unless some piovision IS made for a longer period of deferment for chemists and engineers, within one or two more yeais, there will be no fully trained graduates in these technical fields.” The committee urged men alrfeady in service to plan to return to college later to complete the standard requiiements for complete tiaining. Freshman Schedule
Friday, November 5
1- 1^ and 1001-1050 16- 30 and 1051-1100 31- 45 and 1101-1150 46- 60 and 1151-1200 61- 75 and 1201-1250 76- 90 and 1251-1300 91-105 and 1301-1350 Saturday, November 6 106- 120 and 1351-1400 121- 135 and 1101-1150 136- 150 and 1451-1500 151- 165 and 1501-1550 166- 180 and 1551-1600 181- 195 and 1601-1650 196- 210 and 1651-1700 211- 225 and 1701-1750 226- 240 and 1731-1800 241-1000 and 1801-1850 1850-eml
tions. United Seaman’s Service, War Prisoners Aid, and Community Fund. Allies who benefit are lepresented by the Belgian Wai Relief, Butish War Relief, Fiench Relief Fund, the Filends of Luxembourg, Greek War Relief, Notwegian Relief, Polish, the Queen Wilhelniina Fund, Russian War Relief, United China Aid, United Czechoslovakia Relief and the Lmtcd Yugoslav Fund. Omamzat'ons that help neeily icfugees aio the Refugee Relief Trustees and the United States Committee for the Care of Euro-
pean Childien
Quota foi this comluiicd war fund and coiiimumt.v che'-c diive is $12().121, and accoiding to'1' K Johnston, campaign chaiimui, this quota is expected to be leached and topped. Last year the goal foi USO and community chest v.as $10,881 Sub-ch ail men on the campus include Plot. C. W Beosc, head of thy faculty canvassing; John Wooling, directoi of the student body's effort; Lt. Masleis, executive officer of the Naval Training Station, Navy adniinistrator of the di ive. Lt. P, F. Lewis handled the drive at the aupoit, and Lt J. A. Andiade supervised the campaign among the
9:JO A.M. ASTP.
10:00 A.M. On Thiiisday at 0 15 there will be 10:30 A.M. a Report Uiiinei cor all solicitors 11:00 A.M. who wish to come in the Central 1:00 P.M. Piesbyteuaii Church in Lafayette. 1:30 P.M. All workers wishing to attend should 2:00 P.M. make their le.servation before noon
2:30 P.M. today.
1:00 P.M. 1:30 P.M. 2:00 P.M. 2:30 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 3:30 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 8:00 A.M. 8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M., ff".
> I
Pages
i ‘ ““I fIvV'i'i
Purdue Exponent
- • ■
Tuesday, October
PUrdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phono 4005 Sports; Fieldhouso, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Mannffer News Editor. Mnnnginjr Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murph> ..Mary Dills William 11. Tyson Carolyn Wilbur ..Uuvmond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff , , ■ a Associate Editors: .Tack Abbott, Ruth M, Ford, Madelyn A. Grotnes. .Tamos T. Riclinrdson. MariraroL V. Slotlos, Janici. ••■Ackerman. Service Staff: Morri? Bettor, Gabriel EUns, Leo Friedman, .Tack Martirc.. Jay Newman. ./ Business Staff ^ Advcrlising: Manaprr: C. L. Gautit. ^ Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. .Snuerman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Richardson ^ rlrhor Citv Editor: Ford Sports Editor. B. Garber Issue Editor: Aspergerson. Reporters: Tncsbiirg. Gcorg(?son. B. Gregory, R. Gregory, Rippftrc. Yargar. V. Richardson, Donham. raglianllo, Baynes, Htiniiinn, U. Oni-bor. Simons. Thomii.s. SlafI Photocrapher: W. C- Tolber
Entered a.s second cla.ss ette, Indiana, under the net of Congress of March 3, 18i9 and at the special rale of postape provided for in section 1103, act ef Octoher 3. 1917, authorised January. 20, 1922. Published on Tuc.sdav. Thursday and Saturday Tnornings durinir tile vear. except certain vacaliini periods. Delivered daily by carrier for. $1.25 lor, a semester ; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may, l)c obtained at the Exponent office or at tho-West Desk of tile Dnioit. Represented tor national adverlisinu by National Advertising Service, luc.. Ooilego I'nblishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
e
mSUlHSTOH
Good Neighbor Policy ... A-s,.a part of the the nation’s good neighbor poliG.y the University has bfeen given the task of teaching a group of Brazilian men some advanced flying. These Brazilians are scheduled to arrive on the campus today, and will be housed in the Union building. The comiiig of these men is really an honor to the University, because it was chosen by well known authorities in Washington from the great number of educational institutions in the country, as one of those most qualified to do this training. ■ As,students in the University we Would like to .welcome the newcomers. We would like them to know that we are willing to share our facilities for gaining an education with them ■ and, will be glad to have them as, classmates. We are perfectly willing to give up a part of the.Union to their use as it is apparently e.ssenlial to the war effort, although we feel justified in digressing slightly to deliver a few sarcastic remai’ks toward those who were sup])osed to let the University officials know of the arrival of our new friends in time for the officiftls to prepare. Innumerable people have thronged our offices today demaning that .scathing editorials be written about the ousting, of the Student Senate and the Purdue. . Engineer from their offices and about the closing off of the Music Room. Investigation disclosed that no one knew last Friday lhat these men wore coming this. week, and lliat the definite information to the University official' came last Saturday. The executives had to act quickly to prepare and they had no time to warn the activities of the coming change. We do think though that it was a slip on the part of someone higher up in not notifying the Univei'sity sooner. When people are .shoved around, and then puslied aside wlien they complain oh the grounds that they are doing their part in the war effort, it just doesn’t sound right. After all, men are fighting so tliat they won’t get kicked around. But all that is off the sub.ject. We started out to. extend a, welco.me to our Brazilian friends and had better finish in the same v^n. ’J'here are a great many things that these men can do for us while they are here, and we wa.nt them to know that wefippreciate their, coming and will do,all in our power to make their stay .Imre comfortable and enjoyable. ' Congratulations . . . .’foday v\'e wish to congratulate A1 Stewart and the members of the committee who are responsible for bringing “‘Victory Varieties” to the campus. They did an excellent job last Saturday night. We know that their supidy of money is limited and that the amount of talent available is very smiall. But in s]fite of this, the .show last Saturday was one of the best which has been piYs'-enled in the sei'ies. ’fhe lU'ogram was new but included old fax'orites—the Martells and Mignon-—; it wa.s curnplete, but still it did not la.st .so long that jje'qde were lired oi' watching the .stage when. ttH.y left; and'the orchestra wa.s really good and had a large part in making the show it
Kucces.s.
'fio us it seems that the praises of this Victory V'^aricity presentation could go on'forever. Tile program .seemed t(j have ju.st the properamount of cias.sical and light music, plenty of novelty, and humor that everyone could enjoy. Once more we say “congratulations” to A1
By DREW PEARSON Secret Session Port-ends Hot Fight; Senator Pepper Makes Plea For Pub! ic Hearings WASHINGTON—Last week’s secret session of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to consider plans for permanent peace shoiikl ha've been witnessed Iiy, every mother anxious to rid the world of future war. The doors were closed to press and public, but here is wha:t happened. Four senators called on the Committee to urge a resolution with real teeth, embracing a police force, and authorizing the U. S. A. to join with the United Nations and others to set up world machinery for
peace.
The.se four Senators were Ball of Minnesota, Burton of Ohio, Hatch of New Mexico and Hill of Alabama. For short, they are called B2H2. They are not members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, so handsome chairman “Long Tom’’Connally kept them waiting while he polled the Committee on the more ' conservative resolution which its own members had draAvn up. Their much more vague resolution has the approval of .such isolationists as North Dakota’s Nye, which makes many non-isolationists leery of. it. Chairman Connally went the rounds. He ask^d what each member thought of the Committee’s own resolution. After he had put most of them on record for the conservative resolution, he finally mentioned the fact that the four non-member Senators—B2H2—were present. ' “Does the Committee wish to hear them?” he asked. Intruders For Peace Senator Barkley of Kentucky moved that the intruders be lieard.. Whereupon Hatch of New Mexico . read a long statement, able but wordy. Republicans Ball and Burton appeared more briefly. This left five minutes to Hill of Alabama. Then Senator Pepper proposed that the Coni'inittee hold public hearings. On such an important subject as permanent world peace, Pepper said, he thought the people who have to sacrifice and suffer during war should be heard. He especially suggested that the Committee call as witnesses the Catholic, Protestant, Jewish groups which had adopted broad resolutions for peace machinery. Senator Murray of Montana, and Hiram Johnson of California, a devout isolationist, agreed with him. But the Committee voted otherwise. Chairman Connally said that it was important to bring out a resolution soon and hearings would take two or three
weeks.
“I believe I should serve notice on the gentlemen,” warned Pepper, “that I intend to bring the strong resolution up on the Floor and press for adoption.” A scowl passed across Tom Connally’s handsome
brow.
“It’s a question of votes,” he remonstrated, “It’s votes—it’s what we can pass through the Senate.” “I beg to disagree,” countered Pepper. “It’s not a matter of what we can pass through the Senate, it’s what we should pass. If a thing is not right we should not pass it, no matter how many votes we can muster. W’e mustn’t fool the world about anything as sacred as future peace, and we must not go on record with an ambiguous resolution which we don’t really mean.”
Bar Domirilos^s
Senator Green of Rhode Island then said that the Committee’s milk-and-water resolution was the kind that would sanction another Congress of Vienna, by which three bi.g nations tried to control the world. Senator Vandenberg of Michigan, a would-be isolationist, complained that the new toothy resolution had o]nitted the Mackinac Confcreiice .safeguard that future peace machinery must he among “sovereign” nations. Republican's at Mackinac inserted this in order to bar the British dominions, which are part of the Empire and not sovereign. However, (he new leelh-in-pcacc resolution would permit Australia, Canada, etc., to serve with (he United States on an equal basis, since they arc now United Nations. / Finally the closed-door meeting adjourned with no conclusion cxcehl that every Senator realized one of the stiffest fights in recent history was going to take
place on the Senate floor. PoSitical Chaff
Handsome John Hamilton, ex-chairman of the Republican National Committee, is taking a political look-see around the country. Afterwards, his friend and boss, Joe Pew, will know more about what GOP horse to.back i'or 1944. . . . Hamilton will visit his old home, Topeka, but he will not call on his old friend, Alf Landon, whose campaign he managed. They don’t get along any moi'e. . . . Harrison Spangler, present chairman of the Republican National Committee, also is taking a'look-see around the country. When he left Washington he was most optimistic about the GOP upswing. . . . The Texas political grapevine has it that Jesse Jones is out to.control the Texas delegation for 1944, partly for the purpose of blocking Sam Rayburn and, some of Jesse’s fi'iends whisper, even to block a 4lh term, should political sands shift. After all, a political delegation a.s large as that from Texas is a powerful weapon—if.you can control it.
“Now atop pestering about having a helicopter after the war. Junior-—all your father’s interested in is riding in his car again.”
Under The Dome Gov. Arnkll of Georgia complained to the President the other day about the muddled food situation in the Peach State. The President always has referred to Georgia’s OPA, where Republicans held high jobs, as an illustration of how the joke wa.s on him in making OPA appointments. He told A mail that things were being straightened out. . . . Boss Ed Flynn of the Bronx is about the only leading Democrat who says privately that Lieut. Gen. Haskell, Democratic candidate Cor lieutenant governor of New York, can be elected. Most Denis have considered that Tom Dewey’s candidate was sure to win. . . . Lou Holland, former head of the Small W’ar Plants Corporation, is one man who did not blow oil' venom after exiting from Wasliiiigton. He has been minding his own business in
Kansas City.
(Copyriglit, 19-i;3, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Stewart and the committee for picking such a fine show. And a.s a final word we are sure that it he and the committee .spend the money they made on la.st Saturday’s show as wisely as they spent the money for the show, the Jiext “Victory Varieties” program will also draw a
full house.
Eddie Roy, janitor in the University of Kansas Union building, wept many bitter tears recently over the navy. It seems that Eddie had just given the Union steps a super polishing; the navy had just been served fresh grapes for noon chow. The grapes were hoarded by each of several thousand sailors and used as am.munition in a tremendous battle all the way doyn the steps. When la,s’t seen, Eddie had started on his fourth hour of a re-sweep job. We call it sour grapes on Eddie’s
part.
—E-P— Iinprcssivc want ad appearing in the Oklahoma Daily, reads: “Stay Dead kills roaches, moths, bed bugs, ants, fleas; and gas fumigation. Terino kills termites. Phone 2G61.” Ants in their pants? -_E-P— Speaking of going to school under difficulties, such as crowded quarters, having creamed eggs instead of roast beef, and living in a sailor suit instead of joey slacks, the Minnesota Daily i-ecpunts the story, a true story, of the Russian battle front. Out of the tanks and trucks and fox holes near the Dnieper river, when there’s a lull, Russian soldiers, young men and women with rifles sjung over their shoulders, emerge. One of them has a battered text
book.
Then under the steel protection of a tank a Russian university goes into session. Until their next advance against the Nazis, these men and women study and discuss, probably economics, or maybe ' some philosophical question, or perhaps some
history.
. There are other stories, about Chinese guerillas who find time to be Students; members of the Scandinavian underground; Greek exiles. Still going to cut that class? —E-P— Of course there is always a story of three freshies standing endlessly in line . . . this one comes from the University of Toronto. The three freshmen were standing in lino, at one of the.big downtown cinemas. They found themselves a long, long way from yie.show, but decided the picture would be worth the wait, so they waited. These young thing's kept looking timidly up wondering what the seore was. Finally theiv wonderment ceased abruptly for there they were at the head of the line in front of the local winery. Just as we thought. Mudball hi there clarence i here vi'hear nu inuSik is to bee herd in the musik rume. bach is beein replased bye the openin number frum “sleepin to the toon of snorin’’ as plaied'bye tiared brazilian aviayters. no civilien .sleepin alouwed their anymore. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Personnel Notes
Companies sctieduled to visit the
campus:.
General Aniline & Film Corporation, Easton, Pennsylvania—October 26. Interested in B.S., Ph.D.
Chemists.
■ Hamilton Standard Propellers, Division of United Aircraft Corp., E. Hartford, Conn.—To be announced. Interested in M.E,,-A.E.,
E.E., C.E.
Merck And Co., Rahway, N. J.— November 11. Interested in Ch.E., Chemists, (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Lockheed-Vega Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, Calif.—November 15. Interested in M.E., A.E., E.E., C.E. Interchemical Corporation, The Research Laboratories, New York, N. Y.—October 27. . Interested in B.S., M.S., Ph.D. chemists (organic, physical), and physicists.. . Monsanto Chemical Company, St. Louis,, Mo.—Noveinber 5. Interested in M.S., Ph.D. chemists (organic and physical); M.S., Ph.D., Ch.E. The Lukas-Harold ,Corporation, Indianapolis, 1 nd.—To be amihiihced. Interested in M.S., E.E. Union Oil of California, Los Angeles, Calif.—To be announced. Interested in Ph.D. chemists, B.S., M. S., Ph.D. chemical engineers. The Texas Company, New York, N. Y.-—To bo announced. Interested in Ch.E., M.E.,., B.S. chemists (male and female); M.S., Ph.D. chemists, (organic, physical). ■
These companies arc not scheduled to visit the campus; howevor, they arc interested in students for employment: SKF Industries, life,, Philadelphia, Pa.—Interested in M.E; with railroad option. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 27, Bausch & Lomb Optical Co., Rochester, N. Y.—Interested in M.E., Ch.E.,. Physicist.s. Sign by Oct. 27. National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Field, Hampton, Va.—Interested in A.E., M.E.,
C.E.
Ethyl Corporation, Detroit, Mich-igan-Interested in M.E. not subject to military service. Sign by October 27.
By Carolyn Wilbur j ,
What could be nicer than a glass of cool, cjreainy inilk a tiring morning in an oftentimes warm ah.d always ; Sr chemistry laboratory X If it is true what|Statisticians say ahi
statistics, namely, “figures don’t lie”, then ^ilk i§ th| i^pst sought after nutrient .of the average Wl^H cdq^. Ves,:Vve|^‘kt WRH, rnilk seems to run as freely as water with the SOI) coeds corisurriing-an average of tweh- i.' ■ ty-two hundred gallons per wilk and cream for brealcfagtkt the
^ XI rate of 600 pounds per mohth.
^ ‘ ■. , „ ,, Those dull white cards tellffw.kny
This IS only one of the many 37 hitskela of
interesting facts learned in devoured apples ..to ,the cop pounds thumbing through the food of vanished tomatoes, but it;is rdthfancies of the thi’ee Women’s Resi- er futile to spend hours collecBng ,dence Halls at the University. It and tabulating foodstuff data Wfien hardly , seems possible that hun- all any coed, needs to do is; to. either dreds of very plain-looking white the dining room and watch statis-
cards locked within an olive-drab, tics in the making,
metal filing case could reveal such
astounding truths.
In these times Mr. and Mrs. Coinmonfblk are constantly aware of the riecessitj^ of feeding themselves and all the little Comriionfolks a liberal supply of protein. WRH dietitians are equally protein conscious. Last month 720 dozen or 8,640 eggs were busily building and repairing the tissues of the “residents.” . ‘ , It isn’t such a hard chore to eat 121 pounds of tongue in a month when there are 499 other girls helping, and when it is topped with a savory sauce; nor is it hard to eat an equal amount of heart with the realization that this is war and people all over the country are eating heart and tongue and liking it, many for the first time. Still Have Veal, Beef, Pork Even though a war is being fo.ught beef, veal and pork still find their way to the table, or so it seems, with 2,000 pounds of beef, the same amount of pork, and 150 pounds of veal being used in. a month. ■ With minors that butter is going up to 16 points, which means an increase of from 12 to 16 headaches a .week for the commissary department, coeds will continue to receive their one pat per meal quota per usual, which adds up to 820 pounds
in a month.
Get Vitamin C in Cabbage When the coOks unearth their shiny crocks, bring out the slaw cutters, and go to Work on 515 pounds of cabbage, coeds cannot miss on Vitamin C. Twenty-two bushels of spinach were used last month. That alone should make feniale herculeans from the fairer sex. One little pea weighs less than ha!lf a gram, and then with a stretchy imagination note that 150 pounds of frozen peas alone were used in September. A few more eye poppers were in store to the reporter on looking through the fresh fruits section. Breakfast just isn’t breakfast without oranges. Perhaps this is the clue to the 42 crates or 6,300 me dium large, oranges used last month. Practically everyone likes watermelon even though nlelons ai'C hard to eat and more uncomfortably sticky than fried chicken, but imagine bringing homo 76 at ohe time. Consume 500 Lbs. Bananas While, many people must be content to dream of the Once abundant supply of bananas, WHR’ers are consuming them in salads and with
WBAA Sch^iile
Tuesday
10:30—-News.
10:46—Smile Time. 11:00—Listen While You Work.
11:30—Music.
11:50—Purdue News.
il:55—News.
12:0(1—Farm Forum 12:30—Meet the Band.
12:66-—News.
1:00—Homemakers.
1:15—Music.
1:30—Adventures in Research.
1:46—Markets. 1:65—News.
2:00—Story a Day. 2:16—Music. . . .' 2:30—Treasure Chest. 2:66—News. .. 3:00—Afternoon Melodies.
3:1.5—Music.
3:30—Musical Varieties. 3:5.6,—News. ^ 4:00—Teatime Tunes. 4:30—Just Relax.
4:;55—^News.
5:00—Little Miss Muffett.
5:15—Music. 6:30—Vespers. 5:45—Music.;,
6:00—Minute of Prayer. 6:01—Dinner Hour.
6:55—News.
7:00—Between the Headlines’. 7:15^—Food for Thought. - 7:30—We Have Met the Enemy. 7:46—Report to the People. 7:55-News. . k ,. ,-,1. 8:00—Avard Mitchell, pianist.8:15^—Parade of Business. 8:30-Fromthe Press Box.
8:45—Music.
9:00—-Musicana. 9:30-—Anything but Swing.
9:55—News.
10:00—OFF THE AIR.
Theta
Phi
. . national dramatics honorary, announces the pledging of the following; Betty Wedge, Sarah Andrew, Jim Yengst, Hans Wormser
and Nelda Reed.
Try An Exponent Classified t
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEAOQUARtieRS Records (popular and elasticaf) Sheet music (latest hits). ' Instruments and AccessoHes Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette Phone 79IT
.... gEorge; MARJORIE IVIA m • MARJORIE LORD HAHiE McDaniel • Edward mcnamara A WILLIAM CAGNEY prunictlon Released thru .UNITED ARTISTSTOIL/" i -; ‘ i b*% yvit'Vt. V'* W- ■
K Ari^y, l^riWe News
For ^^rvice Men, By Serpi^e Men
, Page/p
JIttjBr Waters, University gradand isecij*etary ni the |i|IJfiBg1a^e.^ounty Hj^tofical Soci,M» wdre|aed the Aniej)i4an Sociw oi/ »li4h»niqaL. Ilaghveers sit a hwdd^st Wednesday in the f|[|cal, ^H9^4ering,, Building, igan his speech with the reeWP/Owde? had changed |tM dt ti4,e warld. more than lip^^oijjher aingla invention in the hlhWhy of -nviildapd- ! "Bhlt)re the advent ef fti’earms,” ^4ai4i/‘most castmlties in combat Wheit knights were topid ol^ their horses and smothered iwkiJ'heitKated hx Oun Collection „f,lljd]^iirating his talk with part of t co|tfection.of antique guns, Mr. aJ^plained the evolution of |rojn the old long-barreled, muzhle-ioading weapdn used by frontiersmen to drive out the Indjhns, through the introduction, of «h« . first muzzle-loading rifles, knovfn in the Kansas-Nebraska ^dve waf as “Beecher Bibles,” to |n4 invention of the repeating rjfle dhd the scientiflcaliy designed l^ringfieid, „Pespite all more rejShnt ddvelopmentg, Mr. Waters belidVes, the ^h.rihgfield is “about the ijfefet gun ever made.” Also exhibited were several early Vinthl’e pdstol;^, including the old "pehlperbox,” ^a gun which had no sights on it, hut“made a good club.” War WilljBe Qbsolete , “War will some day be obsolete becadse it .will become too expensive,** Watep concluded. . Cdhtain li'real qf the, Milita,ry ? 'raining Department canned on he ktbry.of the development of firealms witlta display of spme of the niost reei^nt developments in warfare* Jn^lhdiPg th® Qarand rifle, lattype of rifle grenade, and vpjCioUs proj^ijtHe^, used in larger gjdhS of artillery and infantry uhit^. Stiy W^r iknis And ^tanifis
H^C-tfolleitsbeMakls Study Of Industries In lAtild Kfni|dbnl H. JE. Hollensbe, editor of “Industry and Bower” magazine and graduate of the University in 1916, recently mpde a five weeks’ visit to the United Kingdom at the invitation of the British Minister of Information. in the ISToVember issue of that magazine Hollensbe describes conditions in Scotland, England and Wales. The article deals particularly with the Success of the power grid system, man-power situation, labor - management committees, concentration of industries and the fuel prospects for this winter. System Is Successful “So successful has the power grid system been in providing uninterrupted power supply despite bombings and strafings that prominent British authorities assert that if the grid had not been in existence, this war would have made its creation necessary.” At the present time less than three per cent of British industries generate their own power and most buy electrical energy I’equirements from I the national system. Essential war work is being done by nine out of ten women between the ages of 18 and 46. Every person in the empire who does not work sixty hours a week must do forty-eight hours a month of fire guard duty. WAA Students Beat Alumni In Annual Hockey Game Annual Homecoming hockey game between WAA students and a team composed of faculty and alumni of the Women’s Physical Education Department was played Saturday, at 11 p. m. For six years an alumni-student hockey game has been played on Homecoming morning. Last year the students were defeated.but this year took revenge by defeating the alumni by a score of 2-0. Lois Verhoeven scored for the students both
times.
STUAU^S SAYS:
IT'S ONE DAY NEARER VICTORY! "MILITARY PREFEte"
APPOINTED BY THE NAVY (for this area) to present Officers' Uniforms and Accessories under the Naval Plan. They are fine in fabric—they are cut and tailored with the Navy tradition that demands, Fit, Comfort—Authority— Character— They are presented in a straight-line procedure— (Navy—Manufacturer— Retailer)—creating a standarcJ of VALUE that no other method seems to achieve. UNIFORMS AND pENCOATS FOR FALL AND WINTER READY! MEN IN THE land, sea and air forces evidently find a special satisfaction in the selecting from the Man's Store— that has a masculine viewpoint— in all matters of service—that understands Regulations thoroughly— that has an Alteration and Fitting staff that can do miracles in emergencies— It IS this Military Preference that has given The Man's Store the standings—as "One of tjne Great Military Shops of America "
L STRAUSS & CO.jNc THE MAN'S STORE iNblANXPoLlS
By Jay Newman, A.S., USNR ► THE POST OFFICE FINALLY REBELS Ever since a law was passed several years ago making it possible for service men to send their fii’st class mail free, various little gems of witticisms and wisecracks have appeared in the corner where the stamp used to go. Instead of the required “free”, post office officials are constantly encountering such things as: “On the house”, “collect it from ray attorney”, “charge it to charity” and “Tanks, Babe”. Last week a seaman ,evidently in a state of high spirits, wiote “Whee—it all comes out of the taxes!” The next day the letter came back marked, “Returned for Postage”.
_L-B—
► YOU’LL NEED THIS KNOWLEDGE SOME DAY, PERHAPS Here’s sppiclhing everypne ought to know: if a boa constrictor ever tries to get chummy iVith you, don’t be frightened, because you can actually unwrap him if you’ll just grab hold of his throat and try. Furtherp:iore, you can choke him to death without too much trouble. S’help us, we got it from the snake authorities. That goes for all but the very biggest ones, too (snakes, not authorities).
—L-B—
► A LESSON IN HOW TO LOSE FRIENDS AND AMUSE PEOPLE Some of the boys are getting to be masters in the art of practical joking. As evidence, witness this little scene that occurred in the bus station at Indianapolis last Sunday. Bob Magee had just stepped off the Lafayette bus and was greeting an old friend whom he had come to visit for the day. While they were standing there, the friend suddenly stopped talking, on his face a look of utter surprise. There in the crowd was another sailor, a friend whom he hadn’t seen for years. He dashed over, grabbed the sailor by the arm and yelled out, “Lyle Smith! What in the world are you doing in this part of the country?” Lyle was delighted and explained that he was stationed at Purdue. So the friend dragged him right over and introduced him to Bob Magee, who is also from the University. “Say,” says Lyle, “your face looks familiar. Bob. What company are
you in?”
“Company D,” says Bob. “That explains it,” beams Lyle. “I’m in Company D, too. What section do you happen to be in ?” “Why, I’m in Section 1, of the K. D. R. house,” replies Bob. “No kidding!” says Lyle, greatly astounded. “I’m in the K. D. R. house, too—Section 2.” “You are?” says Bob. “It sure is funny we never met before.” There followed a moment of silence, during which they stared inquisitively at one another. “Now I remember,” bursts out Lyle with a wide grin, “you’re the guy who lives in the room next to me and who comes in every morning to flip a coin to see who will empty our waste baskets.” “By golly,” exclaims Bob, “I’ll bet I am!” Well, the friend from Indianapolis thought all this was very funny, and he laughed so hard tears came to his eyes. But the funniest part of the story, when it was ftpally told, didn’t strike the friend as very funny at all: Bob and Lyle see each other so often every day that they’re practically bosom buddies, and they had worked the whole conversation out as they rode down on the bus together.
—L-B—
► OFF TO THE TESTING GROUNDS Five days from today, the first group of men to graduate from the V-12 program will be on their way. Some of them are going directly to Midshipman’s Schools and the rest are going to Naval Training Centers to await assignment to the schools. The entire Navy will be watching their progress in Midshipman’s Schools and afterwards in the fleet or on shore stations with great interest. The first product off an assembly line is always the one the others are judged byJ V-12 students all over the country will be held to account for the performance of that group which leaves for Midshipman’s School
Sunday,
It will be interesting to note the reactions of the other men and officers to these newcomers after they have made their first impression. As reports drift back to us, we’ll keep you informed on how the boys are making out. Meanwhile, good luck to them!
Mademoiselle Offers Stem Obtains
Writing Opportunities
O'Hara Receives Post In Rural Youth Movement Wairen O’Hara, a graduate of the Umveisity, has been appointed directing head of the rural youth movement and the educational department of the Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc. He is county agent in Hancoclt County, where he has directed extension work for the past 14 years, and will assume his new duties Jan. 1, 1944. The ruial youth organization, made up of young faim people between the ages of 18 afid 28, is cosponsored by the University and the Farm Buieau.
Lark-Horovitz Speaks At Sigma Xi Meeting Dr. Karl Laik-Horowitz, head of the physics laboratory, was the speaker at the second meeting of the Sigma Xi’s, discussing the “Biological Applications of Radioactive Tracers.” Appointed professor of physics at the University in 1928, Dr. LarkHoiovitz is well known for his reseaich in electron diffraction, electrification of interfaces. X-rays and radio-active elements.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
FRATERNITIES, SORORITIES AND PRIVATE PARTIES
When planning ypur dancing parties be sure and call on us. Our ballroom may be rented any night in the week, including Saturday. Accommodates 300 couples. NEW BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNEI^'S, Wed., Dec. 1, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED, Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P. M.
ALLElSf’S, 6th and Ferry
Women undergraduates from campuses all over the country are eligible to enter the Mademoiselle contest whose ultimate goal is the selection of new members for its Fall College Board. Each spring the top fourteen Boarders go to New York where they help in putting -together the big August College issue. These fourteen will be placed on various staffs; publication work, advertising, creative writing, reporting, fashion illustrating or designing. Chosen by Assignment Coeds for the board are chosen on competitive basis by specific assignments. Each girl must cover four stories concerning campus fads, new war activities and fashions. In case her article is published, she will be paid, and for other original copy, not printed, war bonds and stamps will be given. Any undergraduate who is interested in becoming a College Boarder should notify the Placement Service for Women at once. Registration (Continued from page 11 who wish to change to another school from the one named on the certificate of admission should first go to the Director of Admissions in the Executive Building. New graduate students should also obtain a permit to register from the Registrar in the Executive Building. Registration Schedules Students will be admitted to registration according to the designated schedule appearing elsewhere in this issue. 1. Distinguished undergraduate students of August, 1943, may register at any time after 8 a. m. on November 6. 2. New students will be admitted to registration according to orientation numbers. 3. Traii:^ees in the ASTP will register according to the special program to be announced later. 4. Anyone not able to register at the designated time may register at any time following the specific time until 4 p. m. on November 6. Errors Must Be Corrected Any student finding an error or conflict in schedules after leaving registration should return to the headquarters for correction of errors immediately or some time befoie 4 p. m. on November 6. Bank drafts, certified checks, postal or express money orders, payable to the University should be brought to registration for full payment of the fees. This is necessary before completing registration for classes. Personal checks made payable to the University also will be accepted. Exact fees may be found in the catalog. Repetition fee must be paid by any student who is taking a course for the third or subsequent time. The amount is five dollars per credit hour. Must Pay Probation Fee Probation fee must also be paid by any student who is on scholastic probataion, as provided by the rules and legulations governing students, per term, 15 dollars. All students should bring a pencil and eraser. Students must follow the directions of the traffic officer, who will be on duty at the west door of the Armory, after the Permit to Register or schedule card has been shown and accepted. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Citation Of Merit For kesearch Work
Union Book Exdiangn Opens In Room 257 Before Term's End Breaking a twelve-year-old precedent, the Book Exchange begans its transactions yesterday at the end of a semester instead of at the beginning of a new term. Sponsored by Student Union, the Exchange is being held in room 257, next to the west desk of the Union. Today and tomorrow morning the Exchange will continue buying books at 75 per cent of their original value, as has always been the cus-
tom.
The Exchange will be open during registration November 5 and 6, and from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. on the eight days following. Because of the change in schedule, sales can begin on the first day of the new semester since there will be no waiting to col-
lect the books.
Faculty Leads l-F Softball Contest
This year’s faculty softball team is the only undefeated team, having won all seven of their regular games. According to Manager
n I • “Lefty” Leutwiler of the M E and Race Relation Convo Engineering school this ener-
getic group of faculty men represent a combination of the various departmental teams that played
during the past summer.
Raphael L. Stern, publicity-shy research chemist of the Parlin Company’s New Jersey plant, was caught up in the spotlight of national publicity two weeks ago, when he was awarded a citation of merit by the N. Y. District Ordnance Department of the U. S.
Army.
Stern, a University graduate of the class of ’18, was cited for “distinguished service to his country in the struggle to maintain the freedom of all people.” by Col. Gilbert I. Ross, chief of the New York ord-
nance district.
Developed Wood Process
Development of a process for the adaptation of wood pulp in the manufacture of smokeless powder won Stern the coveted presentation. By using wood pulp to supplement inadequate supplies of cotton linters, the raw material for smokeless powder, American. Canadian and Australian explosive plants have increased their powder output by one-quartetr, while reducing the cost of production by about $20,000,000 in American ordnance
plants this year.
Foundation To Hold
Tonight At 7:30
Wesley Foundation, campus organization of Methodist students, has issued an invitation to the student body to attend the “Race Rela-1 tioiis” convo to be held tonight at 7:30 in the Great Hall of the Foundation Building at the corner of
State and Sheetz streets.
Speaker of the evening, Mrs. David D. Jones, is the wife of the piesident of one of America’s most outstanding Negro colleges, Bennett College, Greensboro, N. C. She will discuss some of the underlyingissues of this war which have been brought about Jiy racial problems of
the world.
Works For Race Relations Mrs. Jones, an active worker for the cause of the Negro and for better lelations among various racial groups of this country, has seived as co-chairman of the committee on minoiities and racial cooperation of the WSCS of the Methodist church. She is also a member of the Department of Race Relation of the Federal Council of Churches of Christ
in America.
Phyllis Baker, University coed,' will play a violin solo, accompanied by Dorothy Hendrickson, and the Wesley Octet, organized recently by eight members of the Foundation, will sing several numbers. Harriers Meet Badger Squad Wednesday Tomorrow afternoon at 5 the cross-country team will go to Wisconsin, attempting to mark up the third consecutive Boilei maker victory. This meet was oiiginally scheduled for Saturday. In the meet with I. U. last Saturdey the Riveter team, lead by Tom Judge, were victorious 19-41. Judge covered the three and thieequaiter mile track in 20:17, followed by Ericsson, Mansfeld and
Biele.
Tomoilow’s meet may be Judge’s last meet, since he will probably be tiansferred to the naval air base at DePauw next semester.
No matter what branch of the service you are headed for, you will find AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES the best way to carry your money. They are not only spendable everywhere, but they have an important safety feature that protects you. It is this: if they are lost or stolen, you get a
prompt refund.
Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 754 for each $100. Minimum cost 404 for $10 to $50. For sale at banks and Railway
■ress Offices.
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
listen in to CHCQUt YOUR HUSK • Statien WINR Popular Vocal and Orchosiral Hits * 890 on Your Dial TUSSDAY and FRIDAY—9:15 P. M.
^ Mize Wtu 00 ALL ■m sLusmefOR THE, DURATIOhr ^(HUhlCLE SAM’S /^m\tViANDifyoif WANTTO DOA LlTfte SLUGmsyCHi^ jsrA
The double E school is represented by J. Karr, who plays first base, and C. Sprague, a fleet-footed outfielder, who has demonstrated remarkable throwing ability by his accurate throws from the outfield. The Mathematics department is represented by a trio consisting of K. Crain, M. DeJonge, and C. Miller. Crain and DeJonge have turned in outstanding performances at shortstop and third base respectively, and Miller has proven himself a capable outfielder. The Ags are represented by T. Canada, E. Kahn, J. Marvel and M. Vittum, a foursome of fleet-footed outfielders and leliable batters. ' The Mechanical Engineering School IS represented by L. Siegel, R. Binder and R. Leutwiler. Siegel IS one of the heaviest hitters on the team and plays second base. Binder and Leutwiler make up the battery with Binder behind the plate and Leutwiler on the mound. Manager Leutwiler states that .his team has shown exceptional hitting ability, having scored 60 runs in the last seven games to their opponents six runs. Professor Pei Predicts Changes In language Courses Given In Future Professor Mario A. Pei of the romance language department of Columbia University recently stated that practical one-year courses in many tongues should replace the traditional two or three cultural studies in a lew languages, in postwar schools. While Professor Pei is in favor of continuing the lengthier language studies for those who wish to specialize in them, he feels that the briefer, intensive courses in many tongues will banish the average American student’s apathy to language training, and will also be of greater use in relations with other countries. After the war language will be taught for purposes of communication mostly, and there will be many languages offeied. Stylistic correctness and literary values will still be taught, but not in a few selected languages, according to Pei. University Orchestra Holds Last Rehearsal For Present Season Yesterday afternoon the University Orchestra held its last lehearsal of the piesent semester. Plans weie made for the first rehearsal next teim, which is to be held in the legular practice room in the Hall of Music at 4 p. nt. Nov. 8. All piesent terra orchestra raembeis who aie to return next semester weie asked by J. M. Ragains, oichestia director, to be present at that reheaisah kusic which has tieen rehearsed includes Manhattan Serenade, the Russian Sailor’s Dance, Mozart’s Mairiage of Figaro, the Dance of the Comedians, Beethoven's First Symphony and the overtui’O to Bgmont.4
Mniermaker Sports , , Tuesdayf October 26, 1943 ^
GrandstSiidEchoes
To Face Weak Badgers
By Russ Lipes
Next Saturday afternoon the Riveter gridiron'machine will assist the Wisconsin students to celebrate Dad’s Day when it is sent against the Badger eleven in Camp Randall stadium at
Madison, Wis,
Upon traveling to Madison the Boilermakers will seek their tenth victory in the series that started back in 1892, when the Badgers were soundly beaten
32rJ. Since the seri^ started the Wisconsin teams have been victorious on 13 occasions while five contests have wopnd up as ties. The Boilermakers
Meet
The Team
have been on ti?e short end of the score for the past three seasons, but are given a good chance to win Saturday’s game. Wisconsin Lost 4. Won 1 Coach Harry Stuhdeeher’s outfit has not fared to well thus far this season, having dropped games to Indiana, Marquette, Camp Grant, Illinois and Notre Dame. However, the Badgers did win one contest, that being from the Iowa Hawkeyes by the unusual score of 7-5. Both Notre Dame and Indiana halted the Wisconsin scoring attack entirely, while scoring 50 and 34 respectively. Although nothing definite is known at this time of the status of the senior marines and sailors on the squad it is possible that the Badger game will be the last this season for several members of the squad. It is also possible that several new members of the squad will make their first appearance oDthe season. Included in this group is Joe Winkler, who was a member of the all-star team, and Red Eliot, a V-12 freshman. Both are backs and should prove to be valuable replacements. For the game in Madison Coach Burnham is expected to send the same starting team on the field that has started most of the games this season. Frank Bauman is expected to return to the flank position along with Joe Buscemi. Big Mike Kasap and acting co-captain John Genis will be at the tackle slots.
By Steve Thomas Among the many lend-lease players that the Riveter §quad gained through the stationing of the Marines and' fraval n^eh'git'the University is a very likable fellow, Mike
SIX DOWN AND THREE TO GO Six down and three to go. That’s the Boilermakers’ record so fai’ this season, and we’re all hoping that it will soon be nine straight. A good bit has already been Said about last Saturday’s fame with Iowa, but we would like to add a few comments of our own. The play of Dick Barwtegen has been outstanding all season, and so it was Saturday. Dick was picked as one of the outstanding guards in the Western Conference last season, and his present showing should certainly cause him to stand out when the 1943 All-American team is picked. The same goes for Mike Kasap, John Genis, Alex Agase and Tony Butkevich. Bernie Tetek had hardly entered Saturday’s tilt when he was forced to withdraw with an injured ankle. The sad part of the story is that Saturday was Bernie’s birthday and he had counted on celebrating it against Iowa. As usual the statistics column was very much in favor of the Boilermakers, including the penalties. The Boilermakers netted over seven times as much yardage by rushing as did the Hawkeyes. Iowa was able to net but a scant 32 yards dm-ing the afternoon, the Riveters coming through with 232 yards.
The Team
liiYeter Tettin
■rt-
NOBODY KNOWS The persistant rumors about several of the key men on the squad leaving this week because of graduation are true for the most part, but that is all that anybody knows to date. Just when these players will leave, and who will leave, has not been definitely stated. Those who are liable to receive their transfer orders include Agase, Butkevich, Darr, Genis, Gerker, Hibler, Milla, Morrow and Staak. Gil Mordoh, reserve guard, has received his orders to report to midshipman’s school along with Stuart and Cycenas.
JOE WINKLER BACK Among the replacements for these men is Joe Winkler. Joe was a member of the Riveter squad last season but did not return to school since he was subject to the draft. However, the army has rejected Joe because of a bad knee and he is planning to re-enter the University for the forthcoming semester. He is a backfield man and will be eligible for the Minnesota game, Joe Buscemi is looking forward to the Wisconsin game Saturday with quite a gleam in his eyes. It seems as though Buscemi originally planned to enter the Badger school, following his graduation froni high school, but their athletic stajf.told him that he was too small for “big-time football”. As a result Joe entered Illinois, winning a berth on the Illini freshman squad, and was then transferred here with the marines. Being first string end for the Riveters, Joe should see plenty of action against the Badgers Saturday. x
MIKE KASAP Purdue Tackle
while Dick Barwegen and’^^lex
cl ^bril-
Agase, both of whom played
liant game against Iowa Saturday, wilt be back in their familiar gubrd positions. Either Joe Morrow or Walt Poremba will be at the
pivot position.
The starting backfield is in doubt with Tony Butkovich and Sam Vacanti the only certain starters. The halfback assignments will go to Lew Rose and 'Babe Dimancheff, with Rocky Milla and Stan Dubicki also possible starters.
Classified
Ads
Typewriters: Adding macnines, ail makes told, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph, work done. C. J. EbersboS, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Kasap. Mike is a member of the Marines and.was sent here from the University of Illinois to Continue his physical education course. Mike hails from Oglesby, 111., winch he jokingly referred to as the “Garden Spot of America.” He played football at LaSalle, Peru, 111., while in .high school. He made all-state in his senior year at the tackle position. Dick Barwegen, a former member of this squad, is now playing alongside Mike on the Boilermaker squad. This.team won all of the championships in the area. Mike is six foot one and weighs 240 pounds. He is holding down the left tackle position very efficiently on the Riveter squad. He is plenty fast and has plenty of power to crash through to nail the carrier. Mike’s hobby is sports of all kinds, especially football. He believes the Riveter squad is really a gi-eat team, and .thinks a lot of the fellows on the team. Mike is satisfied with his status right now; he likes the Marines. He also thinks the lj|niversity is a great place. ' .
SPUTTERINGS Pete Pihos, Indiana end, was moved into the backfield against Wisconsin last Saturday and scored twice from the fullback post. . . . Alonzo Stagg’s undefeated College of the Pacific was finally beaten as the Trojans Of Southern- Cal eked out a 6-0 victory Saturday. . . . LSU defeated Georgia for the second time this season. . . . Major John L. Griffith, Commissioner of athletics for the Western Conference, has hit at the army’s policy toward’athletics. •
By Bob Simons One of the leaders of the Boilermaker squad in average yards gained from scrimmage is Boris Dimancheff, the ace halfback from Indianajjolis.. Boris, known to his teammates and other friends as Babe,, transferred to this school this fall from Butler. Babe is now 21 years old, meas-. ures 5 feet 10inches, and weighs 175 pounds. He went to Washington High School and was an all-around athlete at that school. As a freshman and sophomore he was too small to go out for football, but in his junior year he tried out for the sqUad. He wa^ on the varsity squad during his first year on the team, and was the regular left halfback in his senior season. At Washnigton, Boris also played four years on the basketball teamf and was on the track squad for four seasons. In the latter sport he specialized in the hui-dleSf dashes and broad jump. He graduated in
1940.
His education then continued at Butler University, where he first was on the freshman grid team. As a sophomoi-e he was the scourge of the Indiana Collegiate Conference, being one of the leading scorers and ground gainers in the state. However, in the final game of the 1941 season he received a severe knee injury, which kept him off the gridiron last fall. He is now able to play again, and it is Boilermakers’ good fortune that he chose to come here.
Beats Xavier 20-19
Closely imitating their elder members, the Boilermaker “Bee” teaih defeated a determined Xavier squad by a score of 20-19. It was the first.-win in two games for the squad, their only other attempt being against the Culver Academy squad,
the game ending in a 7-7 tie. ,
Showing a great deal of power, the Riveters scored in the' latter part of the second quar- ——:
ter after Lewis took a short SOCicty
pass and galloped 65 yards to a
touchdown; Previously the j jjjjf Be„jvijes Tonlght fighting Xavier team had cap- * italized on a Riveter fumble Soil Science Society of Indiana deep in Boilermaker territory, near has announced that Oscar Benathe goal line. At half time the vides, a native of Costa Rica and score was 7 to 6 in'favor of the for the past eighteen months a Boilermakers. In the third quarter guCst of the United States governanother fumble set -up the second ment, will speak on “Costa Rican scoi’e for the Xavier team. The Agriculture” in Room 104, Agriculfumbles committed by the Riveters tural Hall, tonight at 7 p. m. accounted for the closeness of the During his stay in this country, game, for the Xavier team was out- Benavides has spent some time at played all the way. various educational institutions, Lewis Scores studying, agricultural research Both teams scored in thd fourth, methods. His speech will be of a Lewis racing around end from the Popular nature, and is open to the'
three, while Sroufe, who scored all Public, of the opposition’s points, went over
Boilermakers Keep Up Full Steam With
Vegetable Gardens Use Raked Leaves
Five Yard Average
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, gruns. luggage, typewriters. Albert’s
Office. 407 Columbia.
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Wanted—Students to.work in Union Cafeteria Friday and Saturday of this week and after vacation.
Wanted—Purdue Coed to work afternoons and Saturdays . in sports wear department. Alan’s Store, 4th and Main.
Lost—Log I.iOg Vector Decitrig slide rule in Fieldhouse Thursday. Name on slide rule and case. Wra. C. Hiatt. Phone 7295. Reward.
Faculty, member wishes to tuxchange living quarter.s fur two years-rrha.s home in Indianapolis—wants home in West Lafayette. Reply West Desk Union building, to Purcell.
For Rent—Two •rooms, twin, beds, m<‘n, American or other nationalities. 601. Evergreen street. Phoiie 75912.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
... social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Arthur Cook, Hamilton, O.; Raymond Forbes, Indianapolis; Robert Mullen, Chicago; John Gratza, Chicago;’ Bernard Bolls, Hammond, Ind. - They also announce the pledging of the following men: Arthur Fairman, West Lafayette; Jack Easley, Indianapolis; Richard Stephens, Hammond, Ind,; Robert Baker, Anderson, Ind.; Eugene Crittenden, Petersburg, Va.; John Miller, Toledo, 0.; Jack Rosor, Indianapolis; Robert Seith, .Waukesha, Wis.; Heni'y"Brown, Rockville, Ind.; Clifton Gi’assly, Wauwatosa, Wis.; .lames Ta)-now, Kansas,’.111.
The ■ Boilermaker undefeated football squad, -sybich main-tained its “five-yard” average on running plays as it chalked up its sixth successive victory Saturday by trouncing Iowa, 28-7, this afternoon settled down to preparation for a trio of windup road games, as the coaches .anxiously awaited lofficial. •word in regard to the future status of a'number of Marine members qf the varsity who wind up the first V-12 term here, tomorrow. Looking forward to the Wisconsin battle at Madison Saturday, which may .mark the ’43 collegiate finale for several of the-senior Marines, Coach Elmer Burnham expressed, the hope that Stan Dubicki, place-kicking left halfback, and Frank Bauman, right end, both of whom were unable to see action against the Hawkeyes, may he. in shape to resume their places in the. lineup.
“Practice what you preach” is faithfully adhered to by the University, even in the case of minor
details.
Many turck loads of leaves raked from the campus during the last few weeks have been going into a huge compost heap on the horticultural farm, a policy followed for many years. The compost heap is used on the vegetable gardens.
Babe played freshman basketball at Butler, but because of the knee injury he has not been able to play since 1941, However, he hopes to be on the hardwood again this winter, playing for the Riviters. Boris was in the Enlisted Reserve, but because of his knee he received a medical discharge. He is now taking a physical education course here, and although he should now be a senior, he is only rated as a sophomore because of loss of credits in transferring schools. . The friendly Indianapolis West Sider also likes other sports, including golf, swimming and bowling. He is member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. His present curriculum includes chemistiy, economics and biology.
late in this quai’ter. Milauskas caught a pass for the last Riveter tally. The victory cannot be attributed to any one player because of the extremely fine play of all the men. However, some of the ones to whom credit may be attributed are: Lewis, for his fine running; Schultz, who was the “Whole team,” asCoach Reeck would say; Fox, Milauskas, who were the other two backs who played fine games. Lindnei’. Porter, and Stultman ■were some oL the fine linemen who played. . •
Buy Wbt Bonds
Decemljer Convocation To Feature Passion Plays
On December 2 and 3 the Blackhills Passion Play group will perform in the Hall of .Music. This world famous group will giye one matinee and two evening performances. The group is being brought here by the University under the supervision of the Convocation committee, but will not be a regular University convocation.
® New under-arm • Cream Deodorant safely ;»>* Stops Perspiration
1. Does not tot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used tight after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for I to 3 days. jPtevents odor. 4. A pure, white, gteaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundetinc for being harmless to
Try An Exponent Classified!
*■' P
Faculty Group
Notices
Seventh Term MB's and AE’s: it is time tor you to begin having employment interviews. Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office: 1. Interview procedure sheet; 2. Company list; 3. "Request for Interview" cards : 4. "Confidential Faculty Recommendation" form. Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices. —BOLZ
... of the Newcomer’s Club, liekl a supper last Sunday evening at the home of Mrs. E. C. Young, and the following officers were elected for the year: Irma Winkleback, group leader; Agnes McCplloch, assistant group leader; Jean Ary, secretary, and Grace King, publicity chairman. Mrs. E. C. Young is sponsor of the group.
18 DEGREES. ALSO 6 IN SPECIAL CHISEL POINT
you heed the aid of good tools. Draftsmen do finer work with Microtomic Von Dyke Drawing Pencils. They appreciate the lead thot gives a heavier, more opaque line without messy smudging. Lines ore clean, smooth without pressing .. . erasure is easier. Clear, sharp reproduction is assured.
EBERHARD FABER in fine writing materials since 18 49
Slirnia Alpha Epsilon: MeutinK in room ;{04 every. Monday at 7:30 in the Union. All S. A... E. service men on the campus please attend. —JONES
Service Men: Any service man who entered his girl’s picture in the Beauty Contest may obtain, the photograph in . the Exponent office tomorrow at 4 p. m. —MARTIRE
Students: Please let us know if yon did not get your September issue of the Purdue Engineer. —PURDUE ENGINEER
Buy AYar Bonds And Sj,amps
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
fFfge'REESE 'who E5rABLl6HED HIM5ELF A6 ONE OFl BASEBALL'*; TOP SHORTSTOPS IN HIS 3 SEASONS wrw BROOKLYN,'
V
•\
ReeSE IS /M THE /i(AW MELPm TO STOP me Am SHORT AdP YOU, 04V STOP THEM even SHORreR - i Brerntm VMi.8WKA
How to buy a coat ill one easy lesson! Jl^st say “Jaunty Junior.” You’ll find more value, more fit, more beauty tailored into their easy lines than you thought possible. This all wool fleece belted back model is one of many advance
styles in our Jaunty Junior department. Sizes 9-15 tTFQQ
535’
As
Exclusive with us
COATS Second Floor
sSTARf.Yo'C/'R TALI. W^RDROBE^ Wlf H‘ A' WaR BOND'
Smooth Sailing this winter, If, your Car’s in good shape.
Parts for All Needs! PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048