>;. \f
Purdue
MW
>y«L
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 178
Tuesday. May 14. 1940
Late News Bulletins
German Armies Smash Through Holland Defenses As Wilhelmtna Flees Country; 2,000 Tanks In Battle German armies smashing into the low countries appeared \o have virtually cut Holland in, two last night as they penetrated the Low Countries’ first line of defense including the main forts of Liege in Belgium. Gravity of the Dutch situation was strongly indicated as it was announced that Queen Wilhelmina and her court fled to England following crushing blows dealt Low Country armies by the German war machine.
A French communique announced that between 1,500 an,d 2,000 French and German tanks had clashed and are now engaged in head-on conflict. The same source reports that the French and English are putting up desperate resistance and that allied material is standing the test as well as that of the German legions. The British and French armies are now engaged in a counter attack and are reported to be inflicting heavy losses on Nazi troops. A German report from Berlin states that 18,000 Dutch soldiers have been captured, including one Netherlands general and his staff. Germans Use New Weapon Berlin, May 13—German sources here credit the surrender of the Eben Emael fortress, an integral part of the Liege defenses, to the effectiveness of a new, secret weapon. No disclosure of the character of the weapon has been offered, but some sources define it as a “nerve gas.” Nazis are hailing it as a means of cracking France’s famed Maginot line. Supporf Churchill London, May 13—Late yesterday the house of commons voted 281 to 0 to support Prime Minister Winston Chm’chill’s war cabinet. The house of Lords also returned a unanimous vote of confidence. Churchill, famed for his abortive plan of attack on the Dardenells in World Wai I, was busy today stimulating the new war government to new vigor in the conductance of the war. Stock Market Drops New York, May 13—Repercussions of the war were felt here today as liquidation of Dutch accounts led the stock market into its shaipest decline in 30 months. Selling started this morning with the Dutch accounts and gained momentum as general selling increased.
R. B. Marshall To Address EE 103 Classes Today Replacing the class in EE 103 this week, R. B. Marshall of the EE school will speak on the national electric code this morning at 10 o’clock in room 264 of the EE building. A|1 others interested in this subject are invited by the EE school to attend.
Tickets For Airport Dance May 25 Now On Sale In Union Tickets for the annual airport dance to be held Saturday, May 25, at the University airport are now available from all members of the flying club, glider club, and at the west desk of the Union. Music for the occasion will be furnished by Irvan Maury and their band. Dancing will be restricted to the hangar floor, refreshment tables to be set up on the apron in front of the hangar and on the roof. During the evening a queen of aviation will be crowned. Other unusual novelties are being planned for the occasion. Of the total number of ticket holders, three dance goers and their dates will receive special prizes. The select six will be determined by a drawing of tickets purchased before May 22. Two of the couples will receive a free ride with Mike Murphy that night in the low-winged Ryan. The other couple will receive free admissions to the University Aviation Conference Air Show the following day. Cary Club To Present 'Bo Jangles' May 14 Tomorrow night at 8 o’clock, Cary Club will present their first annual musical show, “Bo Jangles.” Conceived, directed and performed by the members of Cary Club, the show will be a musical comedy with the newly formed Cary Glee Club under the direction of Thor Nygren and Roscoe Hass’s Cary Club Orchestra. Supplementing the program with comedy, the team of Klein and Dawkins will present “The Love Birds” and “The Mad Russians.” Eric Johnson and the Caryettes, a dancing chorus of ten will interpret the “Butterfiy Dance.” There will also he several mountaineers, and A1 Cooke and his impersonations of famous Americans. The entire campus is welcome to “Bo Jangles” free of charge and a good time is guaranteed to all.
Gymkhana Show Draws 3000 Sunday; Winners Announced More than three thousand students, faculty, and guests witnessed the Purdue Riding Club’s annual Gymkhana Sunday afternbon. Concluding Mother’s Day week-end, the display of horsemanship was held on Intramural field. Besides the usual events, several novelties were featured in the show. In the amusing musical chair con*test, an equine variation of the “going to Jerusalem” game, Paul Forsyth placed first with Tom Weldon second, Kenny Mather third, and Wayne Brown fourth. The fancy getup contest was won by Dr. Gordon Thomas driving Good Fortune. Marshall Horn was second, Ed Little was third, and Mike Thomas, fourth. The women's horsemanship prize went to Mary Mather. Reva Richmond placed second, with Wilma Bear and Jerry Burke winning third and fourth honors. Tom Graham beat out Kenny Mather for first place in the men’s horsemanship class, John Hoover was first, Maxine Flanagan second, Magdala Thomas, third, and Barbara Robinson fourth. In the spectacular amateur jumping event Marilyn Richards placed first, Mrs. Wm. Munk second, Paul Schub third, and Wayne Brown, fourth, while the trotting race was won by Alice Martens. Reva Richmond was second, with Vick Rund and Kenny Mather third and fourth. The class for three-gaited saddle horses was won by Tops, ridden by Mary Mather. Upwey Sunny, ridden by Alice Martens, was second; Papricka, ridden by Dr. Morris Lord, third; and Lady, ridden by Kenny Mather, fourth. The Five-Gaited Saddle Hoi’se class was won by Good Fortune, ridden by Mrs. G. E. Thomas, with Lady Jean, ridden by Dr. G. E. Greist second. Kentucky Lad, ridden by George Rund, and Silver Tip, ridden by Tom Gi aham placed third and fourth. As a surprise feature, a special trophy for outstanding horsemanship was presented to Alice Martens, University student. Dr. R.W. Gerard Gives Final Marital Lecture Approximately 100 co-eds attended the final meeting in a series of four marital lectures last night at 7:30 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The speaker was Dr. R. W. Gerard, professor of physiology at the University of Chicago. His subject was “Marriage from a Man’s Point of View.” The marital lectures for senior co-eds have been arranged by WSGA. Agnes McCulloch has been in charge of all of the meetings.
Polls Open In Union Today For SAA Junior Elections
CandidodjiA Sieds UmoA
Boilermaker Statement “We, the candidates of the Boilermaker party, pledge ourselves, if elected, to perform the duties of the vice-presidents of the Student Athletic Association in the best interests of the student body. “We shall try to co-ordinate more closely the relationship between the athletic department of the University and the student body. In this way it will be possible to achieve a more avid interest in student athletics.” Dick Raney Gordon Peterson
Schrader Announces Winners Of Scabbard And Blade Contest
One hundred basic course cadets, sophomore and freshman, competed in the Armory last Saturday in the Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest. Cadet Lt. Col. E. R. Schrader, officer in charge, announced that the winners are as follows: sophomores: first prize, J. N. Goll, battery B-4; second prize, R. A. Dibos, battery P-4; third prize, H. P. Graebner, battery B-4; honorable mention: W. A. Reade, battery H-2; J. W. Dodson, battery A-2; R, F. Abell, battery S-1; and R. F. Long, battery B-4. Freshmen winners weie: first prize, W. F. McCaughey, battery P-4; second prize, H. M. Carmichadl, battery P-3; third prize, J. E. Prash, battery H-3; honorable mention: W. G. Koener, battery C-3; J. Gatewood, battery A-4; A. L. Jackson, battery P-3; M. G. Ragsdale, battery B-2. Merits and citations will be awaided to all men who participated. Seniors To Review Final 2nci Brigade Corps Day To honor the graduating seniors, the last'corps day for the Second Brigade will be held on Tuesday, May 14. The seniors will form in a line and will review the corps which will be in charge of junior officers. The 2nd Brigade vdll be commanded by Cadet 2nd Lt. Thompson. The third and fourth regiments will be in charge of Cadet 2nd Lts. Ketteuring and Blakslee, respectively.
Progressive Sfatemenf “The student athletic association correlates the athletic department vsith the student body. In order that a student may be well represented the members of the SAA board should be familiar with the workings of the athletic department. “We think that we are well qualified to perform the duties required of members of the board. “I, Bill Lancet, won my numerals in freshman squash, and also served as freshman football manager. These contacts gave me the necessary knowledge of the workings of the athletic departlnent: My scholastic index is well above that required by the activities bureau. My woik as a salesman on the Debris staff gave me a chance to meet many students. “I, -Bob Gimlin, have also had previous contacts with the athletic department, being a football manager my freshman year. I was alsp a member of the sophomore honorary, Skull and Crescent. I believe a needed qualification is to be well known on the campus. To fulfill this I have been active the past year in various organizations. The foremost of these was the activities bureau, which gave me many valuable contacts. My scholastic index is well above that needed, being a four point. Bill Lancet Bob Gimlin U. S. NavyDepaiimenf Supply Corps Offers Positions To Seniors Recently the bureau of navigation of the Navy department announced that members of the ’40 graduating class are eligible to try for appointments in the supply corps Of the U. S. Naval Reserve. Accepted applicants will be appointed as ensigns in a probationary status. Commissioned officers of the supply corps of the naval reserve may be ordered to active duty by the secretaiy of the navy in time of war, or when in the opinion of the president a national emergency exists. In time of peace they are ordered to, or continued on active duty with their personal consent only. Those interested in obtaining additional information regarding qualifications and application may obtain it from the advance course bulletin board in the Armory,
4 Sophomore Candidates Vie For Positions Polls will open at 8 o’clock this morning: in the Union for voting in the annual SAA elections. Two junior vice-presi-dents will be chosen from a list of four nominees as voters cast their ballots at booths on the site of the old west desk at the south entrance to the ballrooms. Polls will close at 6 p.m. All undergraduates are eligible to vote. Candidates, whose statements appear in the adjoining column, and their parties are as follows: Boilermaker Dick Raney Gox-don Peterson Progressive Bill Lancet Bob Gimlin The student senate committee in charge of the election urges all students to bring their passports to the polls with them. No one will be allowed to vote without proper identification. Schedule cards are not valid for this purpose. To Choose Seniors • In addition to selection of junior vice-presidents, a president and secretary will be chosen from present junior office holders. T. C. Nolan and W. F. Taylor, are candidates for the senior positions. Member’s of a board of five members ■will make the choice. Board personnel includes: Dick Stapleton, present president of SAA, Henry Frazee, present secretary of the organization; Noble Kizer, athletic director; G. A. Young, chairman of the faculty on athletic affairs; and Ted Axton, president of “P” men’s club. Progressive Rally At about 4:30 yesterday afternoon, pandemonium broke loose in front of the sweetshop. A six piece Progressive inspired band was playing a loud but unrecognizable tune. Two pretty co-eds were waving on high a placard ad’vising all students to vote the Progressive way. This lasted for some time with sweet shop patrons and others crowding around the noisemakers. After blasting out their last ounce of strength, band members adjourned to the bar for refreshment.
Purdue Student Who Fought In Spanish War Describes Trench Experiences
(Editor’s Note: To avoid becoming the center of a maze of questions the young man who was intei viewed in this story has requested that his name be withheld from publication. We have complied with
this request.)
By Bob Donahue “You don’t think about what you are doing when you’re mowing down enemy infantry in an attack,” staccatoed John in answer to our query about what he thought about while he fired a machine gun for the Loyalists in the Spanish civil war. “You just know that you are being attacked and it’s your job to stop it.” John IS a freshman in trade and industrial education from Hammond. He registered here last fall after spending nearly eighteen months recovering from a wound received in action neg,r the little village of Brunette in Spain. He is about six feet tall, dark, weighs about 175 pounds, and the most prominent characteristics of his features ar^ the two scars, one on his lower left
jaw and the other below his right ear, which mark the path of the bullet which nearly cost him his life. John is of Czechoslovakian ancestry and was employed in the mills in Gary when his idealistic nature prompted him to give up his job and fight Fascism in Spain. He is not the professional soldier type, seeking adventure, but rather a person so wrapped up in his principles and ideals that he will fight for them. He left Spain early in January, 1937, and returned to this country in November of thq same year in serious need of medical attention. Of the nine months spent in Europe, six were spent in actual fighting in the trenches. Of this period of fighting, John says that they were in action all the time except for one short furlough. A shortage of re-inforcements kept him in the trenches for 120 days at a time. With apparent ease John speaks of action in which close compan-
ions had their bodies blown to bits by mortar shells or had their heads shattered by explosive bullets. In a two hour conversation, John told us how as a gunner in a machine gun crew he learned to go without sleep for thiee or four days, how he learned to hold a position with enemy sniping at him from both flanks (he was wounded by an enemy sniper from a position on his left flank), and how he learned to take enemy pill boxes. John volunteered with the Lincoln Battalion after he reached Spain. Upon entrance into Spain he spent five days—mind you, five days learning to fire a machine gun and then went into action. Of his first night in action John tells of his nervousness as he was ordered to hold his fire while he could see the Moors, who were fighting for Generalissimo Franco, slowly creeping up on his own position. When the suspense became almost unbearable, the Frenchman who was in command of the Loy-
alist position ordered his men to hurl their dynamite bombs, which weie crude missiles fashioned out of large fruit cans and sticks of dynamite. With men along a stretch of five hundred yards hurling these missives, John said that it looked like “all Hell broke loose” when they exploded in a blinding sheet of fiame and a deafening roar. Only then was he allowed to open fire on the badly frightened and retreating Moors. About enemy plane^ bombings he tells of the strange sensation of looking up at bombs apparently falling directly on him, and of his flattening out on the ground with his face and hands literally digging into the earth in terror. Most gruesome tale he related was of the accurate sniping by the Moors. The International Brigade, ■with which the Lincoln Battalion fought in the war, was defending a position against the Moors on the Jarama front. After an all night
vigil, a container of coffee was brought up from the rear and -w^s passed around among the men. Dawn was just beginning to break behind them. Behind the sand bag parapet each man awaited his turn on the coffee can. Finally it became one man’s turn to fill his cup. As he leaned forward to hold his cup for coffee, his head moved into a position such that it blocked the light through one of the small firing holes in the parapet. In that brief second, a Moorish sniper took aim, fired and with deadly accuracy decapitated the Loyalist with an explosive bullet. Immediately the men behind the parapet bi’oke into curses because the coffee had been ruined by the blood of their mutilated companion! ^ lilost exciting episode that John related was of his trip to the hospital after he had been hit. Fully conscious, although his lower jaw was completely shattered, John tells of the wildest ride he ever had in his life. He was placed in an am-
bulance and started back over a shell torn road during the peak of a heavy aerial bombai’dment. The ambulance dashed quickly between bombings, and would halt momentarily while bombs exploded and then raced on. At a 75 mile an hour clip they approached the village of Brunette. Bombs exploded first on their left, lifting the ainbu(lance off the road. Almost at the same instant more bombs exploded on their right throwing them into the ditch on the other side of the road. Somehow, and John still doesn’t know how he did it, the driver managed to keep the ambulance upx’ight and get it back on the road’. John managed to maintain consciousness until he reached the hospital. Today as John reads the news accourfts of the present war he pictures in his own mind the action which is taking place recalling his own experiences in the “living Hell that is called war!” *
i %.yi
PUBD0E EXPONENT
Tuesday* May 14. 1940
EducaiionFreedom Attacked By'Witch Hunters' Greek Cinder Men
Open Two Day Meet In Stadium Today
(Reprinted from the Minnesota Daily) Freedom of education in this country is being subjected to a series of disturbing attacks. Among these are several investigations of “subversive” textbooks, the attempts to silence certain educators who have a reputation for free thinking, and many general investigations of
schools and school system.
Recent cases in point are New York state’s pending legislative investigation of its public school system, the promised Dies investigation of textbooks and their authors, and the
Bertrand Russell debacle.
And the tide appears to be rising. This is not to deny the democratic right of groups or individual citizens to know, or to find out, how the public’s educational institutions are being operated. But even this right is subject to certain bodies have no right to sabotage ol hamper public education for their own selfish ends. Nor is it the privilege of any minority group, no matter how° :l^ighteous their conception of their ideals, to try to determine
what education consists of and who shall ad-
minister it.
The witch-hunt for “subversiveness” in education is the currently dangerous aspect of such investigations. The term “subversive” has been loosely applied to anything and everything with which a group or individual disagrees. Even Mr. Dies, the Nemisis of Subversiveness, has never satisfactorily defined the term. Granted that anything genuinely subversive is detrimental to our democracy and its institutions, the important fact still remains that the omnibus use of the term can result in the exercise of a censorship that is itself the worst kind of subversive activity. With democracy facing a crisis, freedom of education, one of democracy’s real bulwarks, must be preserved. More than ever before, it must be guarded from the increasing crowd of unthinking critics that is always the product of troubled times. Minnesota, by becoming an outstanding example of educational freedom, can perform a service of value far beyond estimation. But only by constant vigilance.
I Penonnel Notes | Mr. G. M. Harrington, assistant treasurer, Shaw - Walker Company, Muskegon, Michigan, manufacturers of office furniture and filing equipment, wishes to employ ME seniors for production and engineering work.
Mr. K. Kronwall, vice-president of United Drill and Tool Corporation, Chicago, Illinois, will visit Purdue soon to interview ChE, EE; and ME seniors for sales and manufacturing work.
Mr. A. L. Johnson, vice-president of the Warner Machine Products, Inc., Muncie, Indiana, manufacturers of automobile water pumps and metal products, wishes to employ an ME senior for general engineering work.
Mr. M. B. Lindquist, The Murray Corporation of America, Detroit, Michigan, manufacturers of auto bodies, plans to visit Purdue, and interview ME seniors for work in his company’s standards divisions.
Mr. C. G. Calkins, superintendent. International Harvester Company, Richmond, Indiana, wishes to Employ two ME seniors for the inspection and production department.
Mr. L. L. Partridge, Simmons Company, Kenosha, Wisconsin, manufacturers of beds, wishes to employ two ME juniors for summer work.
Mr. C. E. Cox, chief engineer, Chicago’s Pneumatic Tool Company, Franklin, Pennsylvania, wishes to employ an ME senior for engineering publicity work.
The Beveridge Paper Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, wants an ME senior to serve as a millwright mechanic. He should live in the city.
Mr. C. E. Lentz, general superintendent, Singer Manufacturing Company, South Bend, Indiana, makers of sewing machines, is interested in employing engineering graduates for manufacturing, maintenance and engineering department.
Mr. J. M. Sullivan, Detroit Edison Co., will visit Purdue soon to interview EE seniors interested in power sales.
Cary Club
... announces the election of the following officers for the year of 1940; president, Bert Bohlin; treasurer, Dick Ahlvin; and political chairman, Lloyd Richardson.
Mr. W. V. Upton, National Starch Products Company, Inc., New York City, plans to employ ChE graduates in production work in their Indianapolis plant.
WBAA TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30^—Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00-—Russ Graefnitz—pianist 12:15—Noon Melodies 12:30^—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—^ToWn Crier 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30-—Melody Moods 1:45—-Monitor Views the News 2:00—Lest We Forget 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—Treasure Chest ' 3:00—Music Appreciation 3:30—Glenn Paxton 4:00—Petite Musicale 4:15—^Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour Voice of the Campus To the Editor, Purdue Exponent: There is a movement in Lafayette to revive gopd manners on public conveyances, an appeal to have the Lafayette Transit Company place in the new busses cards requesting, No Smoking Please as a courtesy to other passengers. Even people who are smokers prefer fresh air to stale tobacco smoke. It is said that the increase in smoking is due to the fact that advertising has made it fashionable. In Indianapolis, Chicago, St. Louis, and other cities people refrain from smoking on street cars and busses. If you think Purdue students wish to be as courteous as other folks you can help the movement by writing, phoning, or talking to the Transit Company manager whose office is at Ninth and Main Street, Lafayette. Telephone number is 3475. Mrs. Charles 0. Lee West Lafayette.
Mr. T. C. Leffel, vice-president plans to employ juniors in science General Box Company, Chicago, 111., and engineering for summer work.
Mr. R. F. Hopkins, employment manager ^ of the Chevrolet Gear, Axle & Forge Division, General Motors, Detroit, Michigan, is interested in employing several senior ME’s for their manufacturing division. '
Ads SALE FOK 8A14( — TlVMn1t«n. AU aakas, ■toadard and rmrtmUu, Mid. pattAaaad, ranted and lapalrad. New portable neiitiiee M law aa IM.7S. SnpvUca. C. F. KbenheS. 696 Ifala atreet.
FOR SALE—’29 Ford Roadster, $35. Web Moore, Purdue Airport.
FOE RENT Kiua—KtnUA-Chr Serriee. Can far all oeesaiona. Mia. $2.60 all nlsbt. Pbone 71646. Wanted—2 men students for large downstairs room for September, $22.60 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160., 176 Littleton.
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2148.
LpST AND FOUND LOST—A green striped Parker lifetime pen. Lost in the English bnilding. Reward. Phone 4079. Bettg Jane Eickard.
($5.90 Reward) to finder of my light tan gabardine top-coat. Coat has a military collar, “Finehley” label and a zipper inside for lining. Lost in "Blazer” Sat. night. Call Don Samuelson, 6057.
Will student who borrowed Eversharp Pen in post office Friday afternoon, please call Harold Jones, 8121.
Herzberg Presents First Lecture Of Series Today Prof. Gerhard ^Herzberg pf the University of Saskatchewan, ’ Canada, will present the first in a series of lectures on molecular spectra and molecular structure this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the lecture room of the physics building.' The speaker was formerly associated with the University of Darmstadt, Germany, and has been research professor of physics at the University of Saskatchewan since 1935. He is internationally known as an authority on the structure of atoms and molecules. The series of lectures will continue for three weeks with lectures on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 4 p.m. and special seminars on Tuesday and Thursday at 7:30 p.m.
Notices
Ghcmistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, May It, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEB.
Women’s Class Baseball: Practice at 4 p. m., Monday, May 13, and Tuesday, May 14. Two practices are required. —PIDGEON.
- Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held room 303 of the Union, Tuesday evening. May 14, at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Wesley Foundation Council: All members of the new council are requested to attend an important meeting at the Foundation house Tuesday, May 14, at 7 :30 p.m. —BROWN.
Credit Union: There will be an important meeting of organirers and others interested, at Wesley Foundation house on Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p.m. —BROWN.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, May 23, at 7 :15 p.m. in room 305 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation will be held at 7 p.m. Wednesday, May 16, in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Election of officers will follow the ceremony. —CATTERALL.
The educational clinic of College of the City of New York has trained 22,000 “problem” children since its founding in 1913.
_ ASME Members : Those members who signed up before January and who have not received back numbers of Mechanical Engineering should see Otis King in ME 112 Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday of this week between 10 and 11 a. m. (6-16) —KING.
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (6-28)
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law ; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; alt present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngfrieeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of "Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description' of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (6-28)
Catalyst Club: Picnic Friday, May 17, 1940. ’Those who wish to go sigm up in Dr. Lovell’s office by noon Thursday, May 16, 1940. Meet at Chemistry and Metallurgy Building at 4 p. m. —BERGSTEDT. Chi Epsilon: Formal initiation Tuesday, May 14, at 6 p. ra. in room 306 of the Union. Banquet 6:30 in the east Faculty Lounge. —CORNELL.
AH Students: Outing Club hike to Potter’s Hollow Sunday, May 19, 1940. Loaving State St and North River Road at 11:80 a. m. Bring bathing suits. CaU John Dodds, 63293, or Dwight Cooley, 66273,‘by Friday if interested. —COOLEY.
Representatives of the fraternities will clash on the afternoons of today and tomorrow in Ross-Ade Stadium as the annual Interfraternity Track and Field competition will be run off. On Tuesday afternoon, the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus, and pole vault will occupy the attention of the Greek
men.
The meet will be brought to a close on Wednesday with the running of the 440 yard relay. Other events held on Wednesday are as follows: 330 yard dash, two mile, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile, javelin, broad jump, and high jump. Rules governing the meet will be similar to those of past meets. Not more than two men from any fra-* ternity can compete in a single event, excepting the relay. Participation points will go to each house that competes four different men. The winning fraternity team will re- , ceive a beautiful trophy, and each member of the winning team will receive a medal.
All Students: Annual Scare Crow Ball sponsored by Purdue Religious Council will be held at Presbyterian Education Building Friday, May 17, 1940, 9 to U p. m. Tickets can be purchased at any of the foundation houses or at the west desk of the Union from the foundation houses to the dance. —WAGNER.
Kappa Delta Pi: Picnic at WAA cabin Tuesday, May 14. Meet in front of the Education buildin gat 5 p. m. Be sure to bring 10c with you. —COOK.
EE Seniors: It is imperative that the form in the main office of the EE building ■ be complete by Friday, May 17. Take care of this immediately. —STRADLING. xJ*
Sophomoare and Senior Military Students: Will not be required to attend x-hrs from this date. Uniforms will be turned in in accordance with schedule posted on the bulletin board in the Armory. —WISELOGEL.
MT 8 Seniors: Final showing of the War Department Training films room 104 Armory at 4:10 p. m. Friday, May 17. These films are No. 19, 2 reel sound "Sensing of Field Artillery Fire” and TF No. 16, _2 reel sound “Reconnaissance and Occupation of Position” (by a 76-mm battery of artillery, horse-drawn). Attendance of senior is optional : others interested are invited. —THOMPSON.
Military Students: Uniforms will. be required at Corps Days on Tuesday, May 14, and Thursday, May 16. —WISELOGEL.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in ahe WSGA Union office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Boxers: There is some boxing equipment in some of your lockers. Please return immediately all equipment to checkout room 6-16-40 BENNA.
Fraternity President’s Council: Special meeting for election of officers at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, May 16, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —CATTERALL.
Zouaves: There will be a meeting in the Armory at 6 p. m. Tuesday, May 14. The banquet will be in the East Recreation room of the Union at 6 p. m. Formal uniform is required. ■—GIBSON. PIA Dance Class: Meeting Wednesday, May 16, at 7:16 p. m. in south ballroom. Co-eds invitel. •—TRUEBLOOD.
Ceres: Special meeting will be held Tuesday evening. May 14, at 7 p. m. in room 328 of the Union Building. Important. —BRUNK.
Activities Bureau Freshmen: There will fee a compulsory meeting in the office for all freshman workers at 4:30 p. m. on Tuesday, May 14, 1940. Be there. —SCHORNSTIEN.
...Senior Military: Representative of the Associated Military Stores Compay will be in the Armory supply room Tuesday, May 14, and Wednesday, May 16, for the purpose of taking orders ORC camp equipment for seniors contemplating attending this camp. —HATTAN.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TWO SMASH HITS
iEERY’S BEST! He’s a roaring, rousing "good bad man " againi
PLUS>-^ND FEATURE
Two SbiUcks Mil MURDER Wilh doMMlt — lidistrosti
wuni N4NEII rnM«a.
*r«r o’lmiii iRoonicK CRAwroig. iDWRRBARNOlO M UI9IR Titir m
GRIN AND REAR IT
MfUdktf
“Don’t believe a word me husband says, Judge—he’s punch-drunk!”
Modren Dance Group : Rehearsal Tuesday, 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Rehearsal Wednesday, 4 p. m., Duncan Hall. —HICKMAN.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 in th.e Union building. —MILLER
Senators: All senators sign up before Friday, May 17, for the annual banquet to be held Tuesday, May 21. —VOELKEL.
Union Freshmen: Call-out for all Union freshmen at the Union office today at 4 p. m. —ROYCE.
Cosmopolitan Club: . Tickets for dinner dance Friday night must be purchased from west desk of Union by Thursday night. Transportation from room 304 of Union at 6:30 Friday. Picnic Sunday, meet in room 304 at 2 :30 p. m. —SHICKEL.
WSGA Social Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. in WSGA office. Please be prompt. —NEWTON.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pay 40 cents for initiation breakfast Sunday to Peg Davis in the women’s lounge at 4 p. m. Thursday. —DAVIS.
Mortar Board Actives: Meeting Wednesday, May 15, at 4:30 in WSGA office. —SAURER.
Sriveners: Special meeting Tuesday, May 14, at 4 p. m. in room 306 of the Union, for election of officers. —MONROE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of officers will be held Thursday, May 16, 1940, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chem. Building. .—HALL.
Fencing Tourney: The following please be at the Fieldhouse to complete finals: Keeler, Stonevic, Koerner, Kaufman, Plummer, Bacin, McCaughey, and Ekeberg. —PITCHER.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:15 p. m. in Room 305 of the Union. —PITCHER.
Flying Club: Very important meeting Wednesday, May 15, at 7 p. m. in Room 306 of the Union, 'There will be election of next year’s officers and assignment of work committees for the dance. ■—KIMBALL. Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 14, at 7:30. Speaker is Gordon Enders. —UMBAUGH.
AIME: Election of officers Thursday, May 16, at 4 p. m. in the Chem. ahd Met. building. All members please be present. —BECKER.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY ii
STORY Of=
TODAY - WEDNESDAY They’re the season's SING-SATIONSM
1
Crosby^
gloria ' Charles WINNINGER' ’^'^'
, ’Dl'BRENDEL
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Wednesday, at 7:30 p. ni. in room 212 of the Union. —STEWART.
IM Schedules Archery—Monday, May 13 4:00 Phi Kappa—Gallegan, Galvan. Beta Theta Pi—Tingley, Snyder. Pi Kappa Alpha—-P. H. Noffe, B. Burns. Sigma Alpha Mu—Goldstein, M. Bauer, G. Brick. Sigma Chi—J. Pritchard, H. Hudson. Alpha Tau Omega—J. W. Richey, R. W. Tesch. Sigma Alpha Epsilon'—P. S. Forsyth, M. E. Disney. Theta Xi-r-H. M. Redhead, A. M. Rogers, F. T. Sarginson. Class “B” Doubles—Tuesday, May 14 4:15 SAE or Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Tau Delta or Phi Sigma Kappa. Pi Kappa Alpha ys. Sigma Phi Epsilon or Beta Sigma Psi. Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Psi or Phi Kappa. Sigma Mu vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi or Alpha Gamma Rho. Class “A” Theta Xi vs. Sigma Nu or Delta Upsilon. Waddingtpn vs. Frye. Deutman vs. VanCamp or Mclnerney. Metzger vs. Baughman or Henson. Baseball—Tuesday, May 14 Diamond 1 Ward 26 vs. Ward 13. 2 Ward 8 vs. Ward 27. 3 Ward 11 vs. Faculty. 4 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta Xi. 6 Ward 16 vs. Ward 14. 6 Ward 24 vs. Ward 26. 7 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8 Acacia ys. Pi Kappa Phi. 9 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.* 10 Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
ABC TODAY - WEDNESDAY •itiuuumg Uram^
AND —
— Also — 'Boy Scouts to the Rescue' Serial
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
IWCHU UNI • WAYNE MOBMS • JANIBBYAN EMNE AIBEIT'JANE WYMAN' RONALD REAGAN — PLUS — The Comedy Romance of the Year! STAND-IN — WITH — LESLIE HOWARD JOAN BLONDELL HUMPHREY BOGARTTuesday^ May 14, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Pileup Four Records In Track Meet Against Illinois
Riveters Meet Irish Today
By Ted Clark Head track Coach Hermon Phillips grinned and asserted, “Yes, we feel in mighty good spirits after that win over Illinois on Saturday.” In saying that, Herm expressed the sentiments of every man on his victorious squad, for the new brand of confidence which has awakened in every Riveter trackster was evidenced as they went through practice sessions with plenty of keenfelt spirit. No less than four records were consigned to the scrap pile and the mini were forced to accept a reversal that they hadn’t contemplated in a closely contested meet at Champaign over the week-end where-in three and a fraction points was the narrow margin of victory for the visiting Boilermakers. Big Jake Cracks One Forest “Jake” Weber’s contribution to the mark shattering activities of the afternoon was to better his previous record, made in 1939, in the $hot put by 7% inches,, with a mighty heave of 49 feet 4% inches. Red-headed Allen Shackleton provided the actions that bespeak a captain as he fairly flew across the turf to a 49 seconds mark in the 440 yard dash. This served to topple his 1939 time by 0.5 seconds. But then. Red still wasn’t satisfied for he roared down the home stretch as anchor man on the mile relay team with a phenomenal :48.5. The mile relay team, composed of Dan Fisher, Bert Anthony, Red Shackleton, and Siminons established the final record when they closed the festiyities with a fleet 3:18.3. That latter time will obliterate a mark of 3:20.6, recorded last year by a group composed of Luther, Fisher, Shackleton, and Simmons. Ted Tycocki didn’t break any outdoor record in the broad jump, but
he replaced his indoor distance of 23 feet 2 inches with a leap of 23 feet 5 inches. Incidentally, Ted missed the outdoor record set by Gobi by only % inches. This mark ^ was made in 1932. Marquette Next Friday morning, the Phillipscoached contingent will again take to the road, when they travel northward to oppose the Golden Avalanche of Marquette, who matain the foremost dual-meet team in the midwest, according to Coach Phillips. The local, lads can look forward to some exceedingly stiff competition. The boys from Milwaukee have not tasted the adversity of defeat yet this campaign, and dominated the Central Inter-collegiate Indoor Meet this winter with ease. Just recently the "Hilltoppers anihilated Michigan State and buried the Spartans under a 101 to 36 count. Marquette boasts of a bevy of individual stars and a smooth working aggregation. Schurilla ranks with the topflight hurdlers in the land, while Carr has already turned in a :48.3 time iii the 440. Purdue seems definately outclassed in the dash events because they must encounter a chap named Black who was clocked at :9.8 seconds early this season. Their javelin thrower did a fancy 208 feet at the Drake Relays, and their pole vaulter a 12 feet 8 inches. Art Edwards would appear to be good competition for the latter, but he has been unable to improve upon his 13 foot height since the boys have taken to the outdoors. They’re Tough—Phillips Coach Phillips was loud in his praise for the approaching opposition and said, “I don’t see how we can possibly beat such a strong
Take Matches From Riveter Racqueteers
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School SoppUoi
• Profestkmal
-DEACr Everything for a College Education
Riak Dental Cffnic oa. PAUL A. aaac OIL LOTMBR A. HWK OIL HAROLD ). RMK 4th * Mein PhMW fltt
• Hardwaro
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 V&Vine W. Ufeyette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices a?? Main Phone 2777
DR. G. E. SURRATT OPTOMITRIST
• lewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
522 Main St. Ptiona 4781 LAPAYETTI. INDIANA
• Dina
• Tailor
COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main 9t. 5c PIE 80UP COPflI Sc
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality newan Main at 7tti Phone 6050
Still minus that indefinable something that makes the difference between winning teams and also-rans, the Gold and Black racqueteers dropped two more matches this past week-end at Iowa City, falling to Illinois to the tune of 7-0, and then taking it on the chin from the Iowa squad for a tally of 6-2. Plenty of Material “And the Boilermaker tennis squad, definitely marked with championship caliber material, certainly is in dire need of some thing in order to get back into the form they are capable of exhibiting,” remarked Coach Larry Labree, as he sat watching the team work out yesterday afternoon on the clay courts. “Look at those boys put there,” said Larry with his gaze taking in Herb Puente and Ray Anderson in a hot volley, and Ray Lucht picking one off his shoetops, “why they look like world-beaters out in practice, but when the heat is on in match play, the boys just don’t seem able to take hold Of those vital points which mean the difference between victory and defeat . . . ” and the Coach again returned his gaze to his smoothly working tennis machine. Out For Blood This week, however, Labree’s netters will have a real opportunity to redeem themselves, when facing the forces of Ohio State and Indiana on the home courts, which, at present are in perfect playing condition. The squad is out to give Ohio State a hard battle at 3 p.m. Thursday afternoon, and to take the Boiler-
THIS WEEK’S SCHEDULE Friday and Saturday—Minnesota at Chicago, Indiana at Illinois, Purdue at Michigan, Northwestern at Wisconsin, Notre Dame at Ohio State, and Michigan State at Iowa.
Bob Bailey, Junior Moundsman, Chosen By Fehring To Work Against Notre Dame
Varsity Magazine's
... May 13 issue, in its “Banks of the Wabash” candid camera section includes informal shots of Georgann Shilling, author pf “Pardon Me”; Barbara Cook, stellar AAU diver; swimming coach Dick Papenguth; the Union Puttering Room; several WRH scenes; WB AA’s Hank Miller and sportsman Jim Hebbeler displaying the traditional cords; and blond Debris beauty, Vivian Dickerson. ,
By Robert J. Deckard
team. I said we would Ipse to Illinois, but I’m even mpre Certain of losing this week-end. However, we have a fairly well balanced bunch of men and will do our best to make a good showing.”
maker’s ancient downstate rivals into camp at 1:30 p.m. Saturday afternoon. Summaries of the Illinois and Iowa matches are as follows: Illinois, 7; Purdue, 0 Johnson (I) defeated Fuehte (P) 6-2, 7-5; Crane (I) defeated Hebbeler (P) 6-0, 6-1; Chanowitz (I) defeated Anderson 6-4, 4-6, 6-3; Jones (I) defeated Richards 3-6; 6-1, 6-4; Bush (I) defeated Lucht (P) 6-3, 6-4. Doubles—Schwartz and Johnson (I) defeated Puente and Richards 6- 3, 6-3. Jones and Chaiiowitz defeated Anderson and Lucht 6-0, 7- 5. , Iowa, 5; Purdue, 2 Sandler (I) defeated Fuente (P) 6-4; 6-1; Paulus (I) defeated Anderson (P) 7-5, 7-5; Jensen (I) defeated Hebbeler (P) 7-9, 6-2, 7-5; Richards (P) defeated Wollenweber 6-4, 2-6, 6-1; Wirl (I) defeated Lucht (P) 6-1, 2-6, 6-0. Doubles—Paulus and Jensen defeated Puente and Hebbeler 6-0, 67, 6-2. Anderson and Lucht defeated Kiri and Wollenweber 6-4, 6-4.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By ilelity
‘You have your choice of barbers, sir—Republican or Democrat!”
PITCHING WEAKNESSES In the current University fraternity and ward baseball fights for the crowns, respectively, it is mostly a question of whether a moundsman can outpitch his opposing moundsman, whether a team can outhit another, or whether a pitcher can hold down opposing batters while his own team slugs its way to victory. —^fc— Conditions on the Intramural Field are not those that allow much better than fair fielding on the part of any team, regardless of the fact that an outfit might have a potentially fine defense. The diamonds are rough and in spots are near terrible, if they may be categorized in that manner. ^fC r Therefore, the games either resort to pitchers’ battles or slugfests. And the pressure falls mostly on the pitchers because the respective leagues have some excellent hitters, and smart-ones at that. —^fc-^ . After scouting some of the games, we found that the pressure need not be so great, if several moundsmen would refrain from “telegraphing” their pitches. By “telegraphing,” we mean that of a pitcher revealing in some involuntary, or voluntary manner, to the batter what he is going to offer on the next pitch. —^fc— Of course, if the pitcher reveals voluntarily his next throw, one may call that particular play a piece of strategy, but we are inclined to think that advantages gained from such strategy are not worthwhile to be mentioned here. —^fc— But its dbadvantages are of prime importance and should be the concern of every baseball pitcher. . . . Havoc usually follows once an opposing team catches on to the opposing pitcher’s throws when “telegraphing” is evident. —fc-— For instance, in a recent Greek game, the batter realized that the pitcher was failing to “cover up” his pitches, which allowed him to shift his batting stance for each throw, once getting an extra base hit that was a valuable help to his team at bat that inning. ^—^fc—I ■ ■ . . - This department does not claim to be a specialist,a theorist, or a fundamentalist, of baseball, but, with the thelp of several “veteran” baseball men, we have listed some of the outstanding faults of pitchers in the University leagues, which follow: —fc— One—Several pitchers do not Jiave windups and throws that are alike. . . • For instance, to clarify this statement, a pitcher might throw a side-arm ball for his in or out-curve; his over-hand might be
Double Protection for Your Winter Garments
Before you lay aside your winter clothes have them Crown Cleaned. All wool garments are moth-proofed by Monite Moth-Proof Process. This protects against moth damage. In addition we will return the garment in a moth-proof bag if you request it. No extra charge.
Crowm Laundry
n ILJE C L E A"W E a S F T I M E C J, O T J| K S
Notre Dame, keyed with revenge, will train their batting eyes on Bob Bailey, Boilermaker starting hurler, today at 4 o’clock on Ross-Ade Field. Two weeks ago when these two nines were pitted against each other at South Bend, the Boilermakers squeezed ahead in the twelfth frame to win, 3-2. Today’s contest will be the final game of a home and home series with the Ramblers. Bailey Bottled Irish Before Fehring’s junior hurling ace. Bob Bailey, found the Illini quite diflScult to handle last week-end, but judging by the manner in which he took over relief duties against Notre Dame earlier in the season, he should have better luck with the Irish than he did against the Roet-tger-coached team. Although the Boilermakers have fared none too well in conference competition, their season’s record shows 11 victories out of 17 starts. With an improvement in the hit and run department the Boilermakers could finish the season with an impressive record for season’s play; however, their chance for a share in the conference title was washed away as a result of the doubletrouncing from Illinois. Wide Open Race The conference race fell into a wide-open struggle over the weekend as a result of the two drubbings which Iowa took from Northwestern, 13-5 and 4-3. The Hawkeye collapse slid them into third place, and allowed Northwestern and Illinois to jump into first and second place, respectively. Michigan and Wisconsin cannot be counted out of the race as yet, leaving five teams which have a chance, although only mathematical for some of them, to finish in at least a share for the pennant. When Illinois meets Indiana and the Wildcats face Wisconsin this week-end, the conf^ence picture will be greatly clea^d up in regard to how the conference race will wind up.
BIG TEN STANDINGS
Team i
w
L
Pet.
Northwestern
6
2
.750
Illinois
.........7
3
.700
Iowa
.......6
3
.667
Michigan
. ......5
3
.625
Wisconsin
.........5
5
.500
Indiana
3
3
.500
Minnesota
2
2
.500
Ohio State
.......2
4
.333
Purdue
..:......2
5
.286
Chicago
1
9
.100
a drop or curve-drop; any other combination will help to illustrate our point. . . . As far as possible, the windups and throw should be as closely “standardized” as possible. . . . Different windups and throws are often fatal to the pitcher, as batters take knowledge of that and bat accordingly. —^fc— Two-—Several pitchers fail to “cover up” their grips on the ball. . . , This is important to remember, since a smart batter or coach may catch on easily. . . . By “cover up,” we mean the pitcher fails to hide from the batter the manner in which he grips the ball. Some inoundsmen use the “threefingered”'grip for a fast ball, “twofingered” for the curves and di-ops, and other combinations for various pitches. . . . If the batters catch on in time, they usually can adjust their batting stances and swings for each pitch in time to get at least a “piece” of the pitch, if the pitcher does not “cover up.” —^fc— Third-—When men are on bases, the pitcher gives the base runners some very good “information” as to when he is going to throw to a base in an effort to “catch a mail pff” 01* to a batter. . . . His windup might be too long, or he might swing around and wait a moment too long to throw to the base, which gives base runners long enough time to get back safely. —^fc-— Of course, there are other divers faults that might be mentioned here, but we believe those mentioned above are the most outstanding faults of intramural pitcher^ who should take cognizance of these faults in an effort to improve their pitching.
,^i -r
-.1
J ie X!e£«ajSBaafiSSS^wi!Wp'eaiBa!^^ ■» 'S' -AewiP' » j. i »«*s.«i!?ww»^_^ie^-^ J^WJWHJWWH ij-fWSWIK'-
PDBDDE EXPONENT
Tuesday# May 14, 194P
Jimsib^ Jalk
Today's Election ... of student Athletic Association vice-presidents is the only campus election in which every student may vote on the same candidates. With Prom and Gala Week elections, SAA elections see campus politics at their best... or worst. All four nominees are backed by political parties, for a nonaligned candidate would have little chance in the face of party lines and yesterday’s rallies without a top-notch, high-pressure campaign. Some voters will hew to the party lines or their organization, without regard to aims, ideas, and qualifications of the candidates. More thoughtful voters may tend to regard with greater care the assets and liabilities of each man. It is likely that many of today’s voters will know neither of the men for whom they vote. Exponent is maintaining its policy of strict non-partisanship, but presents statements from each candidate on page for voters’ evaluation which may indicate the potential worth of each man. As usual, free taxi service will again be offered by both Boilermaker and Progressive parties. It is always interesting to determine how many gallons of gas were burned by the winning party, divide this by^the votes cast, and determine votes per gallon. Last year’s value, established by the Progressives, who placed both candidates, was 38.9. We wonder if vote-gathering technique will show an improvement over last year’s by raising this figure. Vote Gathering .. . and free “taxi” driving have become synonymous on SAA election day. As the student body grows, the art of obtaining votes should become not only more refined, but more efficient. Especially for freshmen, we would repeat a few suggestions for the etiquette of the day. 1. Be polite to the driver. Don’t be rude enough to tell him your pal is running on the opposition ticket, or that you are just going to the sweet shop for a coke. 2. If the car in which you’re riding suffers a flat tire, don’t just walk away without a word. Before departing, tell the driver you’re sorry, and that you’d be glad to help him if you were not in such a hurry. 3. Don’t ride more than twice in any one car belonging to either political party ... it’s unethical.
Five Ag Chem . . . seniors have recently accepted positions affective immediately upon ffiaduation. The list includes: Julius Denzler, Robert Harper, Don Smith, W. E. Maynard, and A. D. Tevebaugh.
Silver Mask
"^Within this circle.
in whole or in part, are
36 of
the nation’s 48 states. These
states represent a very high
percentage of the country’s
markets and materials
-all
quickly accessible to Indiana
manufacturers;
Markets <% oi u
Idlal)
Population
90%
Pers’l Income Tax Returns
86%
Native White Families
88%
Total Wealth
8870
Passenger Cars
84%
Commercial Cars
837o
Retail Sales
86%
Bonk Assets •
90%
Bonk Savings De|}Oslfs.....
887o
Materials (%oftheu.s tot.o
Value of Mfd. Products
91%
Mineral Products
77%
Dairy Products,
.88%
lumber
.51%
Coal
.94%
Manufactured Gas
.95%
Steel
.98%
Bectrical Horsepower
.82%
Petroleum Industry.
.83%
Wheat Production
.81%
Corn Production
.99%
Cotton Productlofl
.93%
based or latott daU)
For greatest profit, a manufacturer needs close proximity to markets and materials—not to one alone —but to both. And the closer the better. Indiana gives you both, in remarkable degree, because of its geographical location. And, within Indiana itself^ you have the balance that makes for happy, prosperous manufacturing... and living. A balance, too, between factories and farms. Here you will find tax and banking situations to your liking; a comfortable labor situation; freedom from the disadvantages of congested population areas; fine roads, unexcelled transportation by rail and air. Here also are power, fuel, water and land values as you’d want them; and, withal, the cultural and educational advantages you naturally want for your family and employees. • We'd be hepiv to* send you further (acts, Induding 20 IndustrUt Data Booklet* If you'll write to tta« DIVISION OF STATE PUBLICITY 228 Korfii Meridian St, Indianapolis, Indiana /. H. Atbenbardt, Dtreolor
WSGA Board Gives Party Tomorrow Senior co-eds who "have served on the WSGA executive and judicial boards during the past year will be guests at a party given by the new board members in room 363 of the Union at 8 p.m. tomorrow night. A special program has Ibeen arranged under the direction of Alice Newton, chairman of the party. - ■ ' . Briefs By Clarence
An ugly rumor reached our ears today. There is a war in Europe. We don’t know how it could have escaped our knowledge this long, but it did! (With apologies to B. Burns, and whoever wrote that song he recites). —be— The European war is being fought in Europe, according to specific statistics compiled by secret agent no. 4. They’re having a blitzkrieg. Blitzkrieg, according to our Patterson’s German dictionary, means light-ning-war. X —be— Evidently the atmosphere discharges electricity back and forth, until, to a casual observer, it looks like a war. Now, that may or may not be true, obviously. All Clarence knows is what he sees in the propaganda. —be— In Perry County we call that a
“So I Sez To The Cook...”
For the past couple of Weeks we have had a sneaking suspicion that spring was upon us. You know, green grass, saddle shoes, and various other indications, but today we saw something that proves beyond all doubt that spring is here. There is water in the fountain on the Oval. * * * There are many things that come with spring,, but probably the one that lies nearest to student hearts is finals. Yesterday the yellow schedule sheets appeared on the campus and with them appeared little signs announcing the fact that final examinations could be bought at the cashier’s office for the small sum of fifty cents. We are going to take up a collection and buy our teacher one. Today we have elections with us again. We like elections. In the past people have come around and spoken kind words of friendship. They even offered to ride us around in their cars. We wish they would hold elections the night of prom. Think of the carfare it would save. ^ =1 SiYesterday we heard a noise. We thought that the little men with the air hammers had gone back to
Exponent
ll. i. rnaley ndlfor-ln-CWd^ W. E. Smith BneincM Hanagrer D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Ptedeflck, managiDK editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising niaiiiaEer; 6, Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports e^tor. Zntered as second class matter at tfie post office inJLafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postafife provided for in section 1108, act Of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrinit the regiilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, NeW York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Traugott Day Editor, Bailey Issue Editor, Stenzel Tuesday, May 14, 1940
work pn the Union again, but it wasn’t. It was the Progressives with a band down in front of the sweet shop. We don’t know whether they were making friends or enemies. But they were making noise. * * + Getting back to elections, let us urge each and every one of you to vote today. We don’t care whether you vote Boilermaker or Progressive, but if you can get away with it, our motto is: VOTE EARLY AND OFTEN,
thunderstorm. —be— People we meet talk quite a bit about the Terrible German People. Confidentially, we always thought
they were people just like you are. Again, however, we might be mistaken, although we don’t see how they get along speaking a foreign language all the time, as secret
agent no. 5 just reported. Explanation: The people aren’t running this war—it’s the lightning. I hope that clears up any doubts you may have had in your minds.
. . . honorary fencing society, plans to hold a dance May 24 for members and their guests. The dance will be held in the east faculty lounge of the Union from 8 to 11.
CHESTERFIELD’S MARION HUTTON in Glenn Miller’s Moonlight Serenade all Columbia Stations.. .Tuet.# Wed.« Thurt»
Smokers by the millions are making Chesterfield the Busiest Cigarette in America. *. , It takes the right combination of the world’s best tobaccos to give you a cigarette that is definitely MILDER, BETTER-TASTING and COOLER-SMOKING... all at the same time. For real smoking pleasurCf buy Chesterfields every day»
Copyright 1940, LiGGElT & Mvm TOBACXO OX