■f/jy) /-j' IV.; 1 '■■• M- • ’ < /
‘-If ft?- '•■' ‘ , >■' "'j
Student ISeumpap^r Of Purdue University
VOtUME ONE
LAEAYETTE, INDIANA, TtJESDAY, JUNE 22, 1937
NUMBER TWO
ElUott Gives Institute Keynote Talk
Ag Teachers Convene Here
In Conference Electrificatiori,Poultry, Dairy Problems Up For Discussion
Farm electrification, poultry, dairy problems, and insect control are the topics of fiiscussion in today’s sessions at the twenty-third annual conference of teachers of vocational agriculture which opened yesterday at the University. A lecture by Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, of Columbia University, “America’s Land Crisis,” will feature the morning program, and a second talk, “Unbalance In Mechanical Power, Production, Distribution Of American Products And Markets In The United States,” is scheduled for tonight’s session. Discuss Sheep Discussions of sheep production, livestock diseases, and landscaping the homestead were held yesterday, Conference members also attended the opening session of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology. Section meetings for tomorrow will take up swine production, seed varieties, beef cattle, and fruit pro duction. This evening the Ten Year Club holds its annual dinner meeting with its president, Harry MC' Millin, presiding.
Carmichael Names
Casts For Two Plays
Peace Manoeuvres — the mellerdrammer with two gunshots, which will be presented in the Ross-Ade Stadium July 1—has as its cast T. J. Carr, Ted Swanson; Henry, Bill Brotherton; Polly, Alice Parlon, Di rector H. Kenn Carmichael said yes terday. Neighbors, by Zona Gale, has women’s parts. Carmichael stated t^at he was able to choose a well balanced cast from among the coeds who attended the first tryouts. The'cast jncludes Mis Abel, Ruth Hall; Inez, Louise Edwards; Carry Ellsworth, Betty McKee; Grandma, Betty Abel; Mis Trot, Julia Graves; Mis Moran, Mary Elizabeth -Yeager; Peter the inarticulate, Tex Brother tqn; and Ezra, Bob Heine.
Registration t'or Summer Nears 1,100
Mark; More Coming
Approximately 1,100 students are enrolled in the 1937 Summer Session, Director Frank Hockenm said last night. This figure does not include persons who have come to tiie University merely to attend lectures of the policy and technology institute and of the agricultural conference without credit.
Another unit operations course in the chemical engineering school, a unit course in heating and ventilating, the institute on personnel and industrial relations, and a farm machinery course are expected to boost the total Summer Session registration to 1,200 students. Last year’s enrollment was 936.
The World Cannot Live As Americans
Live—Pitkin
“His works are not literature, but stuff that people read,” were anjong the introductory words that Dr. E. C. Elliott used in announcing Wal-' ter B. Pitkin as the speaker at' last night’s session of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Tech nology.
Speaking on “What’s Behind The Crisis Of Civilization,” Dr. Pitkin explained that today's crisis includes the recent purge in Russia, the $20^000 a minute expenditure on munitions, iihe downfalLlof iVemier Blunl in France, and the rumored possibility of a sudden attack on Czechoslovakia. Live Like Americans “The world is trying to live like the Americans,” was the way the speaker expressed ■ his version of why we are today facing the domination of dictatorships and the submissions of democracies. Dr. Pitkin pointed out that this was'impossible in the light that the United States-of America is the only country which possesses the. three ingredients of ei^lization,—^namely, coihfort, security,"and freedom.
Dr. Pitkin will continue his lec tures this morning at 11 o’clock when he will give an address entitled “What’s Wrong With The Comfort, Security, And Freedom In America.” He will also speak tonight at 7:30 o’clock.
Purdue Institute Program
' Today 9:00 a. m.—“The Ideal Geographical Environment,” Dr. Huntington. “The Social Significance Of Industry,” Dean Potter. “America’s Land Crisis,” Professor Pitkin. ’ 2:00 p. m.—^“The Role Of Business In Social Progress,” David E. Ross. “Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of Great Britain,” Dr. Huntington. “Living With The Weather,” Dr. Mills. 7:30 p. m.—“Unbalance In Mechanical Power, Production, Distribution Of American. Products, And Markets In The United States,” Professor Pitkin. Tomorrow 9:00 a. m.—Health And Disease As Influenced By Climatic Environment,” Dr. Mills. 4 “Rtiral Social Trends,” DrJ Kolb. “Popular Movements Within The United States Of America,” Professor Pitkin. 2:00 p. m.—^“Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of France And Germany,” Dr. Huntington. “Rural Social Trends,” Dr. Kolb. “World Temperatures And The Population Problem,” Dr. Mills. 7:30 p. m.—“Land Rehabilitation,” Professor Pitkin. Thursday 9:00 a. m.—“The Effect Of The Weather On Man And Business Activity,” Dr. Mills. “Rural Social Trends,” Dr. Kolb. “The Largest Environment And Man’s Way Of Life,” Professor Pitkin. 2:00 p. m.—^“Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of Spain And H^ly,” Dr. Huntington. “The Past, Present, And l|iture Of Fluctuations In Climate As They Relate To The Genital Problems Of Mankind,’’ Dr. Mills. “Rural Social Trends,” Dr. EDlb."
Dr. C. A. Mills Adds Spice And Humor ToRelaxation Hour
Visitors Also
Hear Potter
By Dorothea Justin Dr. Clarence A. Mills’ big blue eyes were the first thing that endeared him to us at the relaxation hour held in the Union lobby yesterday. His blended paisley tie cinched matters. The man would be charming! And he was.
An authority on air conditioning, inventor of a new system which makes cooling systems inexpensive, the geographer, author, and lecturer from the University of Cincinnati made “Relaxation Hour” a stimulating but delightful affair for his audience. '
Against faculty control of college newspapers but certain that faculty supervision isn’t a bad thing, with a wry turn of humor. Dr. Mills made Dean Dukes and Dean Potter chuckle at the journalists in the group. Girls Shrug, Sigh
Songfest Will Feature Music By Stephen Foster
Music of Stephen ^Collins Foster comprises thfe ihfiin part of "the gram for the summer’s first open air songfest to be held in Ross-Ade Stadium at 8 o’clock next Tuesday evening under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, University director of music.
The Foster Hall riegrro quartet will be sent here by Trustee J. K. Lilly, of Indianapolis, who has spent considerable time in collecting the works of Foster and facts concerning his life. , Audience Will Sing The entire audience will sing certain numbers in addition to the program by the negp:o singers. Miss Edith Mills will act as accompanist, and Monte McLean will play the banjo for some special numbers. About 2,000 people attended the first outdoor sing last year and 4,000 turned out for the second and last such program.
Two Penalty Dates Occur This Summer
Two penalty dates occur during the 1937 Summer Session, Dean M. L. Fisher stated yesterday . . . before and following the Fourth, of July. July 4 falls oh Sunday this year, but Monday, July 5, is an official University, as well as a national, holiday.
The first penalty date includes the afternoon of July 2 and the morning of July 3, while the second includes the entire day of July 6.
Five dollars is the charge for absence from one or all classes on one penalty date, and the penal fee’ for absences on both penalty dates is $10.
PUBLICATION DATES
Summer Session Exponents will be published June 25 and 29; July 2,8,15,22, and 29; and August 5 and 12.
When a squad of engineers began firing questions at him about efficiency, cost of coils, temperatures, and complicated technicalities, the girls around him shrugged and sighed. Engineering college!
Dr. Mills noticed their resignation and explained that his system dealt partially in using aluminum wall surfaces and cooling coils with a temperature near the freezing point to absorb heat from each room. Electricity generated by using the sun’s energy would finish power to cool each feoiL 'The gasping co-eds realized it was all very simple. Cause Difficulties?
Arid McMurray
President Edward C. Elliott addressing 450 .educational, mercantile, industrial, and farm leaders yesterday at the opening of the Purdue Institute on American Prficy and Technology stated that the purpose of the three weeks of conference and lectures was to study current social and economic problems and the manner in which they are influenced by technological and related forces.
Continuing his keynote address. Dr. .Elliott expressed his gratification over the large registration both the Summer Session and for the Institute’s credit course. In regard
In response to many inquiries in regard to the Purdue fioustitiite on American Policy and Technology, Prof. Frank Hockema stated last night that the following rates had been established for tickets: $1 per session; $3.per day; and $6 per week. Summer. Session students will be admitted: free to the lectures.
to the Summer Session he also stated that the attitude of the student was more serious and intense at that time than during the regular school year, and that the Summer Session students were less collegiate than the regular studrats.
“Would your system cause any difficulties for a -badly sunburned person?” queried a biologist.
“A badly sunburned person is already in difficulty,” quipped Dr. Mills.
From that, a dissertation led by Dr. Mills and Dean Dukes about formation of blisters, heat of the skin, and air temperature control followed.
The relaxation hour finished the iced grape punch, and Dr. Mills mentioned his dinner date witl^ Pro-, fessor Ellsworth Huntington. The salon disbanded, much pleased with the humorous, clever, idea-g:enerat-ing Dr. Mills.
Guide Ygutiis. Dr. Elliott introduced Floyd' L McMurray, superintendent of the public .schools of IndiaUa,- who asserted that the chief aim of education is to guide youths into paths of usefulness. McMurray lauded “our system of (Continued on page 4)
WBAA H<Jds Auditieiis In Dramatics Today
Auditions for those interested m radio dramatics will be held this afternoon at 3:15 p. m. in the main WBAA studios, third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. • These tryouts are open to anyone interested; enrollment in the University is not necessary. Experience is not a prequisite, although work done' in some field of speaking or dramatics is desirable.
Greets Visitors
President E. 0. ELLIOTT yesterday Welcomed visitors to the threei week4 of lectures, discussions, and (inferences on American policies and^tlie'^ffeict of 't^imqlogical and i(iiilated ,fQ(rceB iW»on thesp .policies Dr. Elliott spoke on.“the Purdue Institute Of Technology And Aiherican Policy-^Hs Pilrpose And Plan.’
Goes On The Air
T. R. JOHNSTON, director of the Uijuversity news bureau, with Presi-; ident Elliott, will discuss the high-^ .ligihts of the Institute of Americanj Policy and Technology in a special; brwdcast from the studios; ;.WIRE, Indianapolis, bver the NBG,Blue network at t o’clock, CST, this afternoon.
Talk On Today^s> Institute Program
DAVID E. ROSS, left, president! of the University board of trustees, will speak to the teachers, studente, and other -persons attending the policy and technology institute at t o’clock this afternoon on, "The Role 6f Business Jn Social Progress.” Today is the only time Ross will speak to Institute visitors. i ! Dr. WALTER B. PITKIN, professor of journalism and psychology at Columbia University, was yesterday evening’s Institute speaker and will appear on the program twice today,! as w^ as several oth^ the next two weeks. 1!
ToSpeakOnWFBM
Prof. F. C. HOCKEMA, assistant to IVesident Elliott, will Jean with William Lowe Bryan, president emeritus of Indiana University, and Dean 6. Herbert Smith of DePauw in a radio discussion on *The New Heriousu^ Of 'The AiUericipi'UdU l^ge Tqu^^ nvur indriikiipol^’tdi^^ tion WFBM at>:45 Thnr^y
Leaves Tomorrom
Dean A, A. POTTER, o|xth» versity schools of en^^neurink, leaves .toiaorrow for, BosW Masf.* to attend a ipajp contpit^ meetiiilf of the Engineers Couinctl on p»d^ stoi^ developmmit. The Council tL cea«% madp; jhiSh(Mtio)M of ISO engllipplli collet now engaied in accroditint thamuL( ft,"
L^-
Ujf w.
PUKDtJE SmiMlfeR.gX^ONEPfr
Vibe Pnrbne exponent
PwnwM fai im
► 1
This newspHOer is wHtten* toted, Hhi nate etodents Of Purdoe Uto^ereity.
otherwise aoettoted, Wh coincide wim tli4 officIlU
ten* toted, Ithd inbltthfed hi undeWi^* Uhhrersity. AlJ opiotens Iti it, «h^ Btddtot opinioto and ^ noi neeewatiif
UtiiVbHiity 'Ml?tH»6int.
Main Office, 812 North Fifth Street, Phone 6087. . , , Campus Office, Student Senate Room, Memorial Union BuildillR, Phone 4006. ft. P. MANION Editor-in-Caiief D. C. MILLKR Bwsiftfegs
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, tndiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at toe Miecial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act pt October ^?},%thori^ January 20. my hhd Monday during toe tegulht abhaeChle year, and tfreekiy during toe Summer Session. Tuesday, Jtftie 22,193»
IVetvs From The Battle Front Or... With The ROTC At Fort Knox, Ky.
_ (Editor s Note: Following is an account of life at the military camp for junior and senior R. O. T. C. officers at Fort Bmox, Ky. The writer is John Brock, managing editor of the Exponent and a Junior officer at the camp.) Louisville, Ky., Saturday Night Dear Rip: Arrived at camp at noon, Jime 17. Eat a fine dinner, and register, vyhich consists of signing name and inspecting a file card. After that I got my uniforms. A long line of boys in underwear shorts and shoes waiting in the sun beside one of the camp’s main highways. Everybody from privates to majors handing out equipment. Question: “Do you want this raincoat too large or too small ?” One boy gets shoes size 9-A and boots size 9-E; both are supposed to fit. One boy’s legs are so big that the largest britches on hand do not fit... “Send for the tentmaker,” calls the hander-outer. All completed, the boys^go back to barracks to await medical exam. * * « Driven over in rain—^it’s raining now—all claim to be cripples (Flat feet, bad eyes, poor pulse, etc.) perhaps in order to be happily surprised when they pass the exam. One lad plans to kid the color-blindness examiner by calling a green bit of yarn polka dot, blue yarn plain. No soap; the examiner wears the silver eagle of a colonel and it isn’t safe to fool with colonels. Boys laugh at one lad’s failure to react to getting hit below the knee vidth a rubber mallet. Others try to memorize the eyesight charts before they are examined. Finally they all go through.
Sapper next (all meals are good and substantial and abundant—^not very fancy). Then over to see one of the camp’s two movies, but home hbfore I start when Yngve tells me I’m on K, P. detail for the next day. In bed and asleep before 8:30. 4c Me H< 5:15 in the morning and I wake up before the first sergeant shakes me. Into fatigue clothes (fancy name for overalls) and over to the mess hall, clean and shaved by 6:30. Work, work, work, work, work. Wash better than 500 dishes and cups and things during the day (and that’s a hellova lot more than it sounds), scrub, sweep, mop floors, windows, ceilings, walls, shelves, in the morning. Just mop the works twice more during the day. Wait on the tables, set the damn things, pull the eyes out of the potatoes, cut ’em up, mash ’em when they’re cooked. Scrub si whole can of rags until they're clean only to see them used to wipe grease off the stove. Incidentally it was a whole G.P. can (clean garbage can) full of potatoes that we fixed up. Work from 6:30 a. m. till 8:30 p. m. with % hour off. Shower and welcome bed. * * * Next day, Saturday morning inspection. Everything cleaner than . Sweep the floor several times. All bunks and equipment arranged exactly as per instructions. Capt. Hayford comes in after personal inspection, wipes finger on molding, underside of bed frames. Exhibits dirty finger and gives friendly warning. « * * GENERAL NOTES: In the dark J. R. O’Connor mistakes some army -regulars for the R, O. T. C. boys and calls out banteringly, “A little less noise there.” Walks on 100 feet or so, and the regulars come back. “Who arrrre you to be fooling arrrround weeth theee rrrregularrrrs, HUH?” O’Connor’s chin is up, but he’s outnumbered so he uses discretion, apologizes, makes mental note of speaker for action at 0. R. C. camp next year when he wears shavetail’s bars. * * * The age-old scrap between Battery A and Battery B is starting but nothing much has come of it yet. * * 4> I guess this’ll be enough for a while. Hope you can get a story out of it. When the typewriters are issued to the 1st sergeants and things get organized. I’ll write stories or whatever you want. I have to trot along now, so love and I’ll read the Expo when I get home. Took a look at it and it looks fine but my head ached too much to read. Still aches. Yours, Jack.
BOOKS are . . . .. an EbVCATION
WORDS An Engineer is often :fcaced with the problem of adequately expressing his ideas iff spoken 6r written wbrds. To pfefeeht ideas effectively f fequites a good knowledge of words. hliCety of thought requires nicety of words. A good speakfer ot writer is interested in words; they havd colors, shades; pictures go "with them. If you do not believe this, turn to a paragraph of good literature and make an effort to improve it. Such an experiment is worth while. Try it. Teaches Exactness Engineering training teaches a man to be exact. The engineer requires exact words to express exact thoughts. But frequently the power of successful expression does not rest upon exact words alone. It rests upon the user’s ability to put words together in a way to create effect. A sense for words can be cultivated. Good reading is an excellent help. There are mechanics in the use of good English. A knowledge of these mechanics is a great aid to effective expression. An engineer should know something about the mechanics of expression as well as the mechanics of his” profession. Use References As an aid to brevity, clarity, and effective and good usage, the following reference books are invaluable: Webster’s Dictionary or The Oxford Dictionary. Rogets Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases. Text, Type, and Style, Geo. B. Ives, Atlantic Monthly Press, Boston. Better Writing, Henry Seidel Conby, Harcourt, Brace and Co., New York. The Problem of Style, J. Middleton Murray, Oxford University Press. Modem English Usage, H. W. Fowler, Oxford University Press. —William H. Winterrowd, ’07.
Exponent Mailed Home At 50c For Summer Summer Exponents are placed at the Union Desk, in the Education Building, at the Agricultural Experiment Station^ in the study rooms of the Electrical Engineering and Mechanical Engineering Buildings, and at Southworth’s and Deac’s for free distribution. A summer’s subscription to the paper will be mailed anywhere in the United States or Canada for 60 cents. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Union Desk, at Deac’s, and Southworth’s or from members of the Exponent staff.
autMa
' i> -Kj! ’r'ffitPfl Tuesday, inne 22,1937 BaaaPMBa' ' ' ■ ^ - .
O’Shea Is Speaker For Wisconsin Institute Dr. Harriet O’Shea, director of the Purdue personnel service for women, is one of the speakers on the program of the annual Institute for Superintendents and Principals to be sponsored by the Universityof Wisconsin from July 19-^^.
Yes—3rou can actually own a new ftoyal Portdble for as little as $1 a week. For ftoyal altme gives you Touch Control*, an amazing improvement which adapts the key tension of the machine to everyone’s finger pressure! And this b only ONE of Royal's many unUsual features! Three models—three prices with pajntnents from 7SS to $1.15 per Week. (De Luxe Model illustrated.)
H MS sijeirt *
DE|CKE|R’S Inc. JST
Dedicated to the rootatooi-tooting institute, ihe ORC boys at Camp Knox, also the ROTC, khd all who desire to be dedicated tO. This is not k ftord jokOj model T. When Sif Walter sW^tid his cloak for Queen EliiSahfeth, he said, “Step on it, Lizzie!” The Union Reception Saturday nite—^Bailey Cook, brunet man from Alabama, who can dance the Sugahfoot, yeah man. . . . Helen Symons and Nell Millholland, Hanover College gals out for the summer, glowing about their PE conquests at Ross Camp picnic. . . . Colonel Covington (Ky.) and Bob Eichorn sunburned but resplendent in white flannels after mowing the PiKA lawn in nothing but shorts that sunshiny afternoon. . . . Alberta Thelan with that scrubbed look. . . . Prof. Charley Murphy with a square bowled pipe wearing white suit and hair a la Mark Twain. . . . Eva Robertson, lovely in blue, playing her violin. If it’s true that hell is hotter than West Lafayette, we’re reforming. Joe Martin says, “When I blow the horn on my car it’s because I want people to get out of the way; but every time I blow it a lot of co-eds step out to the curb—darn ’em!” A falefman in a fmall fhoe ftore in Evanfton infiftf that laft Thurfdnay a cuftomer buftled into the fhop, afking, “Can you fix thefe damn fhoef?” “I fuppose fo, refunded the fkoe perfon, “but muft you fwear about it?” . . . “I’m not fwearing,” faid the cuftomer; “you can fee for yourfelf that they have loft their folef.” Orchids to Miss Nugent for the swell food at the Ross Camp picnic Saturday.
Mystery Stories Found On Shelves Of Browsing Room By Mrs. L. W. Josselyn Browsing Room Librarian Mystery and detective stories are popular with many readers, for they offer an escape from the everyday world about us. We have several new stories of this type in the Browsing Room. “Figure Away” by Phoebe Atwood Taylor is an Asey Mayo mystery. If one has read any of the other tales by this author one will immediately know that the location is Cape Cod and that the book has a salty flavor both in its locale and in its characters, and that it is both clever and amusing. Can You Solve It? “Crime File Number 2” by Helen Reilly is something new in book format. It is a complete dossier of a crime, the murder of Rufus Ray, as it might have been recorded at Police Headquarters. In tho reader’s hands is placed all the evidence aS it
comftci TMUkSOXY LOd Carrillo Mary Carltote Lyiine Oterihan Hay wir«”
tihlN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You’re lucky, Snodgrass—^if we had won this case, my fee would have been double.”
was collected by the police, who solved the mystery. Can you ? “The Case Of The Dangerous Dowager” by Erie Stanley Gardner is the newest book from the pen of this popular wri^r and he continues to make his lawyer, Perry Mason, a very engaging person as well as a most unconventional member of the bar. Makes A Good Excuse “The Red Box” by Rex Stout is the latest Nero Wolfe mystery, a real thriller, that will provide one with a good excuse for wasting time in light reading. “Mr. Tutt’s Case Book” is a collection of his most celebrated trials as reported and compiled by Arthur Train. These may be read for enjoyment but one will also find much of value and information in the au-
■i4MnrTODAY — WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
WitH LAUGTisrr
—and— r^lYSTERY PACKED WITH MifaTfll
COMING THURSDAY John Wayne in “California Straight Ahead” , f —ana— Glenda Farrell in “Fly-Away Baby”
LUNA tODAY — WEDNESDAY
B«T loTM GDI. GtS lovM
,B«a. Bom Iotoo Count-
jCtnilMU lOTM a:Ss,“a!a**-
VIVACIOUB ADACldUS snd LOVA-
' ClOtlSi
COMING THURSDAY Jane Withers id “Angel’s Holiday” "'■nnff"— Annabellff “Under the’kad ftobe”
thor’s way of shewing the large and perpetual problem of law Versus justice.
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Barbara Stanwyck and Joel McCrea in “Banjo on My Knee” —and— Bob Custer in “Ambush Valley”
‘March of Time”
THURS. — FRI. — SAT. (iene Autrey in “Ride, ftanger, ftide'’ “Killer at Large” “Vigilantes Are Coming” “Barney Google Cartoon”
Cool For Your Comfort
TODAY—TOMORROW Double Feature
lYi toa 7«ak'a limtli ahow.
——and— tJ. S. Navy Secrets Menaced by Foreigti Plotters I
ELEANOR HUNT idDiN^uikuiiiOKDoyiE Ahj “New Wd’re all look* ing far tliepnl.V
i ^
V ^
vi»
J2
muMarnimimimjimmmm
iH
M
Sumi^^lr S^fityol Aiid
Rds^ Cmip R^iieW Diamond Rivalry
The summer school will have a baseball team again thisi^year as plans have been made to schedule a series of games between the summer sclliool squad and the Ross Camp nine. The first game of the series this season will be played next Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock on the varsity diamond. As in the past years, several^ teams from adjoining towns will be met in both home and away games. All prospective baseballers are invited to sign up on the Intramural bulletin board and report for the first practices this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. The team will not be uniformed but all the necessary equipment will be furnished by the Intramural Department.
Loeb*
Suggest for Your Summer Wear
Washable Ties
that launder as smart and as crisp as new.
25c
Beachtone Ties 65c
SLACKS
For:
• Class • Sports • Work
Smartly tailored from durable fabrics.
.35 $1.65
.95
Polo Shirts
In all colors and styles.
$1.00
Loeb’s
Men’s Dept, on the First Floor
Life Saving Course Open? In Gym
Several more persons are desired to enroll in the mixed advanoe4 swimming and life saving Course being given by Prbf. Homer Allen and Mrs. Harriet Kohlmeyer for the first time in summer. The course reviews fundamental strokes, outlines coaching and organizing methods, and gives instruction in life saving. After requirements have been met, students will receive the senior Red Cross life saving badge. The group meets Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 7 to 8 p. m. Any interested persons may sign up in the Memorial Gymnasium, main office.
Goldsmith Leaves
For Summer Gamp In Wisconsin Woods
F. 1. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, left the University Saturday for an eight weeks’ stay at his summer camp, Shewahmegon, on the north end of Lake Owen in northwestern Wisconsin. Camp ShewahmCgon, founded, owned, and directed by Goldsmith, takes care of about 35 boys from the ages of nine to 17 each summer. These boys spend the summer under the supervision of Goldsmith and several college men, called camp leaders. Purdue Men Assist Joe Kelley, E. E. ’38; Bob Deckard. Sc. ’40; Jim Hoffman, M. E. ’40; and Art Gray, who will enter Purdue next fall, will assist in running the camps this summer. A senior Indiana University student and a next year’s Dartmouth College freshman will also spend the summer there. Prof. L. W. LaBree, bf the University physical education department, is at Camp Shewahmegon for the summer. Homer Allen, of the same department, will spend part of the summer there, and Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the University biology de pUrtniertt, will go there at the end of the season. The camp brehke up August 20.
umnier chool Indents
You have at yUur service the most complete and eflBcient garage between Chicago and Indiattapblia.
24Hon[Seivice
• A complete stock of parts and accessories.
• The latest in modern equiptnent. • Competent w o r kmen. • Prices that are right.
Call anytime of the day or night for
[Peter Anderson
Phone 4048 6th & AUbama
GamegOnThe
Green To Hold
I-M Spotlight Eds And Co-eds To Go Ganung In Student Play Periods
By Dick Obenchain
“Games on the Green’’ will be renewed again this summer as plans for the mixed play period name Thursday afternoon between 4 and 6 o’clock for the time of the first meeting of both men and co-eds to compete in various sports. Badminton, volleyball, deck tennis, pingpong, horseshoes, and softball are arranged on the program to attract a mixed group of participants.
A softball game between the students and faculty—if the faculty will condescend to rubbing elbows with the common people and accept the challenge to uphold their honor to the bitter end, with ballbats and softballs—will be the features of the games. Don Manlove, manager of the student team seeking vengeance for the beating that it has been taking is calling for volunteers fbr the student team to see him or to sign up at Intramural Department.
Because of the Institute of American Policy and Technology program, the games have been arranged for the afternoon instead of after dinner as in the past. However, if the sentiment leans towards evening for the games, the remainder of the play periods will probably be conducted at that time.
€o-e^ May Take Lessons 111 Toiinis, Swimniiiig
All those women desiring to take swimming and tennis lessons without credit may sign up for the training courses as elective.
Swimming classes will be given daily at 2 p. m. under the direction of Miss Kohlmeyer. There will also be life saving classes on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday nights at 7 o’clock. Those who intend to enroll in these swimming classes must pay their locker fee and secure a medical certificate from Dr. Miller.
The tennis classes will meet daily at 7 a. m. and will be under the direction of Miss Brady.
Cutler, Pence Leave For Congress At Wales
Two members of the University agronomy staff, Dr. C. H. Cutler, assistant chief of the division, accompatiied by Mrs. Cutler, and Prof. M. O. Pence, of the extension staff, left yesterday for Quebec, Canada, from where they will sail on Saturday for a two month’s tour of Europe. Both have obtained leaves of absence to attend the Fourth International Grassland Congress which will be held at the University College of Wales at Aberystwyth.
Looking Backward
June 21,1936 Two thousand persons attend the first outdoor sing of sacred music under the direction of Albert P. Stewart in RoSs-Ade Stadium.
I-M Summer'Sports Swing Into Action
The Interamural Department’s summer sport program is getting underway and Chief Clevett invites all those interested to sign op for golf, tennis, horseshoe, and badminton on the bulletin board. Medals similar to those awarded in regular semesters will be given to the winners and runners-up of the various contests.
All kinds of equipment can be secured during the office hours of the Intramural Department—^9 to 12 a. m, and 2 to 5 p. m.—and returned by putting the equipment in the box in the gym. Summer students may reserve tennis courts at the office and receive receipts which can be taken to the courts to insure the reserve of the reserved court.
The second mixed swim was held last night and a large turnout took advantage of the pool. Students desiring to learn to swim or to improve strokes can sign up at the registrar’s office for classes given daily at 5 p. m. for a credit of two-thirds hour.
Permiu Am Nmmmiff for Operating Autog
Summer Se«sioif atudenta opeamt* ing automobiles are subject to the same regulations is those attending the regular school semesters, D(»n M. lu Fisher said yesterday;
Applications for permission to operate an automobile while in attendance at the University may be obtained at the office of the director of the physical plant. Unless of age and independently supported, any student wishing to operate an automobile at the University must obtain written permission from his parent or guardian. Permits issued since September 1, 1936, are good until September 1, 1937. Any student who obtained a permit during the past school year does not have to get a new permit for summer school.
Lilly Gives 1st Editioii
A copy of the first edition of Walt Whitman’s “Leaves Of Grass” has been donated to the University by J. K. LiUy, Jr. The book is now valued at several hundred dollars.
For Your Convenience
You can get all those knick-knacks and odds and ends that you are always needing at the new and handy 5-10'$1.00 store—in the village.
PURDUE 5 -10 - $1.00 STORE
312 State St.
Across from the Posti^ce
Heralding
th
e answers
to all the whims and demands that summer appetites always make. Whether you just want a coke or sandwich, a light lunch, or a hearty meal; whether you are in a big hurry or are looking for a sociable time—the Union's facilities and service will meet your every desire.
lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and modOrhistic furnishings—jUst the place to loiter over a soda, sundae, or light lunch while enjoying yourself and your friends.
is the place to go when ybut time is limited dhd your stomach is doittanding a gOod WSlI cbOksd^ and temptingly flavored, “fhero afO tWO fast moving lines in the Cafeteria.
c^weet
C^Le^tnut
for those leisure moments when you crave a refreshing drink with friends in pleasant and sociable surroundings. There is always some one whom you know at the Sweet Shop.
will make a lasting impression upon your guests with Its fine appointments, courteous service, and tasty food. You will be even more pleased to know that prices in the Chestnut Room are rnost reasonable.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNIOM
Corner of tho Campus—tha Cantor Af AclMtlla
V ”4^ rd)
J'iiy. S r
4
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPOJCENT:
l*uesdayy Jiine 22, IW-
Major Staff Changes Are Announced Cornell Man Succeeds Haskins; Ault To Head Machine Design Three major appointments in the schools of engineering at Purdue University were announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott following approval at the recent meeting of the board of trustees. Karl D. Wood, professor of aeronautical engineering, will succeed Prof. George W. Haskins whd has resigned as head of aeronautics; Eugene S. Ault, professor of machine design, succeeds the late George M. Bartlett; and Donald E. Ackerman was appointed associate professor of metallurgy. Wood, who will come here July 1, is a graduate of Cornell University and has completed his requirements for a doctor’s degree. His experience has included a number of years in the U. S. Bureau of Standards, six years in the aeronautical industry and fifteen years on the teaching staff at Cornell. He is now aircraft engineer for Consolidated Aircraft Corporation at Los Angeles. Haskins To Go East Prof. Haskins, whom he succeeds, expects to leave in a few days for the Baltimore ofiice of one of the
largest airplane companies to accept a position, returning to the commercial field which he left eight years ago to join the Purdue staff. Professor Ault is a graduate of Johns Hopkins and holds advanced degrees from Cornell, and has taught at Cornell, Rice Institute, Lehigh University, and also at Case School of Applied Science. He is coming to Purdue from Case. Other Changes Among other faculty changes also approved I’ecently were the following appointments: New instructors in the department of history, economics and government—Dr. Nilan Norris, from University of Maryland; W. H. Andrews, of Indiana University; and Dr. J. W. Robinson, Stanford University in California. Andrews will take the place of Dean Bowman who is on leave for a year of graduate study. I New instructors in English—R. G. Curtis, University of Michigan graduate; Dr. John Hicks, who has been teaching in Mississippi State College, to succeed G.** B. Schick, who has gone to the University of Chicago for advanced study; Dr. J. R. Lindsay, from the staff of Cornell University, to succeed Murray Fowler, who has resigned to study philology at Harvard; and Donovan Pratt from the University of Illinois, who will take the place of Prof. George S. Wykofif, on leave for the coming year. Replaces Dr. Present Dr. R. D. Myers from Stanford University, will serve for the year
A ROUND OF GOLF FOR YOUR RECREATION SUMMER STUDENTS can procure coupons at the following University special rates AT THE UNION BUILDING. 40c Coupons, 9 holes for 25c 60c Coupons, 18 holes for 40c PUBLIC GOLF COURSE Day and Night Flood-lighted Driving —Range for Practice Golf—
J
- - - -And in closing may I repeat that good work first demands good food.
AT WHEELER’S you wiU find
Good Food
420 MAIN ST.
• Well Prepared * • Served in Pleasant Surroundings • With Variety of Menu That Will Satisfy Every Whim of Your Appetite.
WHEE|LE|R’S
as instructor in physics in place of Dr. R. p. Present who obtained a fellowship for one year's study in Paris. Dr. A. H. Bailey from Ohio State University, will be a new instructor in mathematics. Miss Roberta Connolley, a graduate of Smith College and of Ohio State University, has been named head resident of the Women’s Residence Hall North for the coming year. Succeeds Zufall W. E. VanPelt has been named instructor in materia medica in the school of pharmacy to succeed Prof. C. J. Zufall, who wiir’be on leave of absence next year at the University of Wisconsin to complete the work for his doctorate. J. N. Davis, of Shelbyville, Purdue graduate, has been named assistant to the personnel director, and Miss Phoebe Dimock has been named an assistant in the library. C. G. Irion, a member of chief accountant’s staff for several years, has been named assistant chief accountant, and placed in charge of the agricultural extension accounting work, succeeding Mrs. Ruth Guinn, who has resigned. Make Promotions Three promotions also were announced. They were: C. E. Baker, from assistant in horticulture, to research associate in horticulture of the Agricultural Experiment Station; J. W. Hubler from assistant to instructor in the Agricultural Engineering Department; W. A. Smith, from instructor to assistant professor in agricultural education and itinerant teacher training.
Dr. EUiott Keynotf^ On Institute Program (Continued from pUge 1)
Yearian Goes To Coast Again For Year’s Study Dr. H. J. Yearian, assistant professor in the University department of physics, has been elected for a second year to a National Research Fellowship. He will continue study in the California Institute of Technology, where he is working now studying the wave properties of protons.
public education as one of the wonders of the modern world”, but at the same time pointed out that its superiority was due in part to geographical and topographical conditions. The Golden Thread The superintendent emphasized the importance of building character by relating a number of fables. He concluded his speech by saying “The ennobling of life’s purpose is the schoolmasters’ assignment; it is the golden tread of learning.” Dean A. A. Potter closed the first session of the conference with an address on the widespread importance of mechanical power. Dean Potter expressed the idea that mechanical power enables man to do more work and to do it more easily, and hence it makes it possible for people to develop in directions other than mere existence. Seven hundred and fifty persons attended Walter B. Pitkin’s address last night as the first day of the Institute was brought to a close. More than 100 had registered for credit in the course yesterday evening. Today’s program will be found elsewhere in this issue of the Summer Session Exponent.
Washington Weathor Is A Tqpie Of Disgust To National 4“!! Club Campers By LOWELL HARDIN,’39 Special To The Purdue Expofletat Washington, D. C., June 21.—^With more than 200 young meii and women representing over a million 4-H Club members in 40 states in attendance, the National 4-H Club camp opened in Washington, D. C.,
Thursday.
Housed in a modern tent village of more than 60 tents pitched just to fhe south of the Washington Monu-
1937 Grad To Boswell Miss Louanna Thompson, Bluffton, a graduate of the class of 1937, has been employed to teach home economics and physical education in the vocational department at Boswell, beginning July 1.
Classified Ads.
Summer Students — Room and board. 5 Waldron. Phone 2671.
ment in the shade of some of the historic Japanese cherry trees along the Tidal Basin, the gfoup represents a typical cross section of rural United States. These tents are separated by broad board walks and each has a board floor about six inches above the level of the closely clipped lawn.^ Listen To Officials Mornings in camp are spent in group discussion and in listening to addresses by government officials at the general assembly held in the assembly room of the new United States Department of Agriculture Building, which has a floor space of ten square miles. Throughout the week’s stay, the topic for discussion is “Rural Heritage.” The afternoons and evenings are spent in sight-seeing trips in and about Washington, viewing many of the Capitol’s countless places of interest. Too, no little time is spent in asking the question, “Where are you from ?” and in trying to master as many dialects and colloquialisms as is possible as well as learning the personalities that go with them. Dress In Uniforms All camp members wear regulation uniforms. The girl’s dresses are green trimmed in white while the fellows wear white trousers ancf white jackets. All wear white felt hats. Washington weather is more than a topic for discussion ... it is, to
many, almost a topic of disgust. One minute the surras shining brightly and cameras are clicking merrily. The next minute there is a rush for raincoats and for shelter from a sudden downpour. Humid, dense atmosphere prevails, and to those from the drier west, these days are especially hot and steamy. Each state sends four representatives who have been selected on a basis of achievement and personality. Indiana is represented by Marietta Johnson, Gaston; Max Skinner, Lafayette; and Lowell Hardin, Knightstown, all Purdue students; Mildred Stinson, Evansville; and Lula Whitaker, assistant state club
leader, Lafayette.
NOTICES No notlcM aecpM tftor t pb «b
Students Interested In Dramatics —All those interested in working on stage and scenery crews or on the painting crew report to the tower room, of ^ the Memorial Union Building tonight at 8 o’clock. —CARMICHAEL. Singers—^Those desiring to join the Summer Session Chorus may do so tonight at 7 o’clock in the music studio of Eliza Fowler Hall (North door). This is the last call. —STEWART.
POPCORN-ICE CREAM Dad’s Popcorn—Furnas Ice Cream Both created for promotion of healttu
Dad’s Place
So Handy
LAFAYETTE
Lightweights for Summer Comfort
You can laugh at summer in a white suit that takes the swelter out of summer. They will give lots of weai^and hold their shape after scores of tubbings. The right suit to get you through the summer in smart comfort.
$^95
WHITE SHOES And more white shoes. You’ll find them here in all the smart new footwear styles, ready for you to step into —and then step OUT to enjoy balmy summer days of activity. $1.98 and $2.48
Durable, liKht-weigrht regulation ^‘T” Shirts. . f. Each 4oC Smart colored Polo Shirts for the weather 48c and 98c Bright colored Suspenders. Jnst the kind you hare Aftr* been looking for Cool, comfortable Slacks. Von will *1.48 UP
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 MAIN ST., LAFAYETTE
ALL PURDUE SUMMER SCHOOL BOOKS New and Second Hand Rooks and Snpplles FOR SALE . I EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNER
BOOK STORE
“Deac”