X.
rt
■V Starting Today
\
Today's'Wdr News Digest
To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. “Denying the sinking of ships at Taranto or reverses in Gffeece, Premier Mussolini spoke by radio yesterday to the Italian people, telling them that their fate is bound up with that of the Nazi Germans in a long struggle and promising that “England, like ancient Carthage, will be annihilated,” John T. Whitaker radios from Rome.
Italian losses in Greece, the Duce told his people yesterday, are 372 killed, 1,081-wounded and 650 missing in the first 10 days of war. “The dictator,” reads the'^i^atch, “made passing reference to Hitler and Churchill, <iescribing the latter as a liar, but he said nothing of President Roosevelt.”
“The fiercest fighting that this war has yet produced has now been raging on the northern Albanian front for more than 48 hours as the Greeks press forward against unprecedented Italian resistance,” radios Leland Stowe from Athens.
Yesterday in Adolf Hitler’s Bavarian mountain retreat the foreign ministers of Italy and Spain are meeting with the Fuehrer. Obsel^^ers in London view the situation of Franco at present as very similar to that of Mussolini prior to last June.
( .
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Complete World Interpretative Coverage
2 Day Battle For Koritza Still Rages Italians Use Bombers In Effort To Dislodge Greeks; Losses Heavy By Leland Stowe SPECIAL RADIO To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Athens,^Nov. 18.—^The fiercest fighting that this war has yet produced has now been raging on the northern Albania front for more than 48 hours as the Greeks press forward against unprecedented' Italian resistance to complete the encirclement of Koritza. Losses on both sides are reported heavier than at any previous time during the three weeks of hostilities. For the first time Fascist bombers are being used in successive waves in an effort to dislodge the Greek infantry from the lines that dominate the town. Nevertheless, it is stated ..here that Greek forces have occupied all the heights of Morava and that yesterday they battled their way,to the summit of Mount Ivan, some two miles north of Koritza. Decisive Battle Kages Four Days What is expected to be the decisive battle for Koritza began Thursday night as ^reek regulars launched their biggest offensive. The struggle for the last heights intensified steadily in the face of increased Italian resistance due to reinforcements rushed up by the Italian commander in chief, Gen. Ubaldo Soddu,,from Elbassan. Since Saturday the combat has continued at (Continued on page 3) Rev. Sheen Speaks On War At Religious Convocation Sunday While World War II to some economists is a struggle lietween individualism and socialistic forms and to politicians is a fight between democracy and dictatorship, Rt. Rev. Msgr. Fulton J. Sheen of the Catholic University of America declared Sunday “this war is a judgment of God upon the entire world ... an international headache caused by the violation of God’s word.” Speaking to approximately 4,000 University students and townspeople at the regular monthly religious convocation in the Hall of Music, Dr. Sheen expressed the view that the war “was not a spanking from God,” but rather “it is the consequences of whatv has been happening in the world and was just as sure and necessary to come as the suffering^ of a person who decides to jump over a cliff .”- Do Not Judge Enemies’ Evils “There is too great a tendency in this country to judge the wickedness of our enemies,” he declared. The speaker deplored the willingness of any person to trade his liberty for security, saying “That’s the reason why there ard so many dictatorships in Europe.” The Catholic priest criticized Charles Chaplin for his recent picture, “The Great Dictator,” for calling attention to only two of Europe’s three dictators, m.1.1. CO-ED HOURS According to the WSGA Judicial Board, co-ed hoUi;s will be extended Wednesday, November 20, until 12 midnight. Hours Thursday, November 21, wil|,be 11 p. m.
£)a//y Swcm
Volume 52, No. 61
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 19, 19^
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Plays At Conyo Tonight In Music Hall
The 85 Piece Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra
Many infiuential people in Washington, Edgar Ansel Mowrer reveals, are urging a plan to freeze in this country the credits of all nations outside the Western Hemisphere. “The effect of such a move would be terrific,” he says. “It would seriously handicap our potential enemies.”
“Encouraged by the Germans, whoiv%ant Japan to have her hands free for bigger adventures, the Japanese lately have made repeated informal overtures to Chiang’s government on more liberal terms than ever before offered,” radios A. T. Steele from Shanghai. Right now a “basic treaty” with the puppet Nanking regime is under way.
The United States and Great (Continued on page 3) Dacf's Day Week-End Features Football, Union Show, Mixer This year’s recurrence of the annual Hoosier-Boilermaker gridiron battle will climax a Dqd’s Day week-end packed with activities. Saturday’s game, as unpredictable as its long line of unpredictable predecessors, is the 43rd renewal of a rivalry that has produced as many thrilling contests as any in the country. Activities planned for the fourday period will commence Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music as the Union presents this year’s version of their annual show, “Everything But Onions.” The production, written by University students Willis Wells and William Hayt and directed by Robert Banman, consist^ entirely of student work. All music and dances were , written and arranged by student talent. Executive committee of the University Dads’ and Mothers* Assodation will discuss problenjs of parental interest at a'dinner meeting on Friday evening. Friday night dances in both ballrooms of the Union will provide entertainment. Saturday morning co-eds will participate in hockey and speedball games on the "women’s athletic field. The Men’s Glee club, directed by A. P. Stewart, and the Purdue Order of Zouaves will entertain the guests at the anmial Dads’ and Mothers' Luncheon at 11:46 a) m. Saturday.
Feed Dealers Meet At Nutrition School On Campus Today Present Information On Livestock Feeding M. V. Lambert, associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, will open the special nutrition school to be held today and tomorrow in the East Faculty Lounge for feed dealers and manufacturers of Indiana by explaining the purpose of the school. Fred K. Sale, Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association, will discuss the dealer’s lesponsibility for better feeds. Dr. L. P. Doyle of the veterinary staff will speak on nutritional diseases in poultry; Prof. C. W. Carrick, assistant chief tef poultry, will speak on building a formula for poultry feeding. Paul By Curtis of the state chemists’ staff will speak on relation of feed inspection to the feed industr|^. Discuss Animal Diets Director Harry J. Reed, Prof. C. M. Vestal, animal husbandry department, Dr. S. M. Hauge of the biochemistry department, and Dr. R. M. Bethke of the Ohio Experiment Station, will discuss the importance of proteins, vitamins, minerals, and other foods in the diets of farm animals, and tell of • the work that is being done here and elsewhere along this line. R. M. Field, president of the American Feed Manufacturers’ Association; Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, agricultural chemistry department; Prof. J. H. Hilton, dairy husbandry; Dr. J. E. Bullard, veterinarian, and G. A. Williams,. dairy husbandry, will speak on various problems in the nutrition of farm animals. The feed men will visit the University farms and laboratories to see herds and flocks and study methods of solving nutrition problems.'w.g.m. I ' Delta Gamma \ . . . held a tea in honor of Mrs. Alice Herman Robinson, sorority housemother, Sunday, November 17, from 3 to 6 o’clock in the chapter house. The tea was attended by alumnae, fraternity and sorority presidents. Dean Stratton and the active girls. In the receiving line werA Mary Jean Sefton, Virginia Keller, Mrs. Robinson, Mr^. F. Crackett, Mrs. William Hiestand and Mrs. Van Buskirk. a.c. Professor H. B. Hass ... head of the chemistry department, will be the principal speaker at the regular November agricultural staff luncheon to be held Monday noon, November 25, in the Faculty Lounge of tjie Union.
Sevitzky Has Led Orchestra To High Natibnal Standing Fabien Sevitzky, musical director and conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, was born in Russia, where he studied in the Imperial Conservatory of Music in St. Petersburg. He won the Cesar
Fabien Sevitzky Cui scholarship for double bass, and graduated from the conservatory magna cum laude. Aftej; serving in the Imperial army during the Woidd War, he went to Poland, where he was first bass player in the State Opera and the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1923 he came to America and joined the Philadelphia Orchestra. While in Philadelphia he organized the first permanent string orchestra in the world, the Philadelphia String Symphonietta. In 1926 Sevitzky became an American citizen and since that time he has made it his invariable policy to include at least one American composition in every^ performance he directs. He firmly believes that the greatest music of the future will come from the pens of Americans. “There is unlimited vitality, unlimited power and beauty in America,” he said, “and theSe forces will find eventual expression through that most expressive-of all the arts; Music.” SeVitzky made his first appearance in Indianapolis in 1936 as guest conductor, and whs immediately offered the baton of the symphony orchestra there, whi(!h he accepted. In addition to being famous as a conductor, he is known as a composer of double bass^ compositions and fpr several Bach orchestral transcriptions. /. t. Van Camp .. . assistant state extension forester of Indiana will speak this evening at the regular meeting of the Forestry club. Van Camp will discuss the topic “Forestry in Indiana.”
'What A Life' Cast Named; Comedy In First Rehearsals Playshop Show Stars Goll As Henry Aldrich Rehearsals for “What a Life,” second Playshop production of the year, are now in full swing, according to K6nn Carmichael, Playshop director. The play will be presented from the stage of Eliza Fowler Hall December 11=14. Heading the cast is Johnnie Goll playing the part of a confused high school boy named Henry Aldrich. Henry’s love interest is giggly Barbara Pearson, played by Pat Hearing. - Adult love interest in this Broadway success of several seasons back IS supplied by Betty Erick in the role of Miss Shea, secretary^ to the high school principal, and Mr. Nelson, assistant high school jirincipal,' played by Bill Sharpies. Mrj Bradley, the caricature of everybody’s high school principal, is portrayed by Don Salmond. The cast, in order of appearance, is: Miss Shea>. 7 Betty Erick Mr. Nelson.. Bill Sharpies Mr. Patterson .; Edward Loseff Miss Pike Marvine Wilcox Bill Hal Goodman Miss Eggleston Virginia Lee Ruddell Miss Johnson. Martha Cullop Mr. Vecchitto Art Schepartz Henry Aldrich Johnnie Goll Barbara Pearson ,Pat Heuring Gertie..^ Betty Ann McCrpery Mr. Bradley..— Don Salmond Miss Wheeler Jo Stong George Bigelow., Sid Stearns Mrs. Aldrich Irene Sakacs Mr. Ferguson .John Hobson Mary -Mary Carol Antenen Studepts: Anny Pffeiger, Robert Van Deusen, Evelyn Rimer, Joe Brooks, Rosemary Boyd, Sarah Francis Kan and William C. Lester. Bill Deam, construction crew head, announces that the stage construction for this George Abbott hit has been completed. The original Broadway production featured Ezra Stone, who now plays the part of Henry on a weekly network program known as “The Aldrich Family,” ' Jackie Coogan played the part of Henry in a road-show presentation at a local theatre last spring. The lead part in the movie version last year was portrayed by Jackie Cooper with Betty Field, of the Broadway production, plaiying opposite him. b.v.d.
All freshman, sophomore and junior members of the Exponent sports staff meet in Union office tonight at 7 o’clock.
85 Musicians Will Perform Under Sevitzky Fabien Sevitzky will conduct the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra tonight in the third regular University convocation of the year in the Hall of Music at 8 o’clock. In addition, the organization, Indiana's only major symphony orchestra, will present a matinee intended principally for school children at 2 o’clock this afternoon in the Music Hall. For seven years since its founding by Ferdinand Schaefer in 1930, the Indianapolis orchestra operated as a semi-professional co-operative group playing to Indianapolis audiences. Until 1937, Schaefer served as conductor, but in that year Program Symphony No. 3 in E Flat, '“Eroica” Beethoven Intermission “Rapsodie EspagnOle” _.Ravel 3 Fragments from “Damnation of Faust” /.Berlioz Unannounced number by an American Composer Fabien Sevitzky was engaged as permanent conductor and the orchestra reorganized on h professional basis. Under Sevitzky’s leadership the (Continued on page 6) Kenneth T. Downs, Convo Speaker Here, Awarded SDX Medal By J. H. McKee Des Moines, Iowa, Nov. 17.—^Ken-/ neth T. Downs, former chief of the Paris bureau of International News Service, was awarded the medalion for conspicuous foreign correspondence by Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic firaternity, meeting here in its 25th annual con- - vention. (Downs spoke at the University October 4 at the first convocation of the year.) Five Other Awards Pfive other awards were made by the fraternity. The New Orleans States, crusading Louisiana ^daily, was given the “courage in journalism” award for its work in breaking the Huey Long “hold” on the state. Meigs O. Frost, reporter and special correspondent of the paper, was awarded the medallion for reporting. Other awards were made to Al- ' hert Warner, Colmnbia Broadcasting Company, radio news reporting^ and W. W. Wayma^ Des Moines Register-Tribune, ediWial writing. It was the first year the fraternity ’ made the awards. Penalty Dates During the present semester there are four penalty diates. They are^ November 20,22, from noon Decern-^ ber 20 to noon December 21, and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recoils. A student who is absent from One or more classes during any of these four days will be assessed an extra the of for each 24-honjr period or fraetim thereof missed.<■#. ««i/T>».^B ii«i^ ■(>• ffl'i“r-"
■* ' ‘ ‘ / i
Vi
S^eufn i -J-aatuMA
Tuesdloyf November 19« 1940
Fh« ^th cjoimnn
When “Galloping Gertie,” the bridge that did the hula, quit galloping the other day and dove into the bay, the chief engineer in charge of construction was immediately informed. Said he, quote, “I’m at a loss.” Now in our estimation. That’s what the insurance company should have said. ♦ * ♦ The words of a red blooded American engineer would have been. Well, I’ll be a ||[|||||||||||||||B||^ (censored). ♦ ♦ * The third explosion of unknown origin in a week knocked the daylights out of the American Gyanamid and Chemical Corporation at Bridgeville, Penn., yesterday. Preceded two hours by a slight $13,000 fire at the Pennsylvania Chemical Corporation at Johnstown. The owner of the second plant wants to be different though. He keeps hollering sabotage. >» * * We can’t figure why he thinks he’s so smart. When everybody else claims these little explosions are accidents. It was probably just some kid playing with matches. * ♦ * The only fifth columists around here are us. + * * Congress seems to favor adjournment thfese days. After all they have to get their Christmas shopping done early too. Besides the war has kind of settled down to a long winter and doesn’t need any immediate meddling. And the eapitol roof is in need of repair. * * * Mussolini gave vent to his feelings yesterday. Said Greece was “hateful and tricky.” Also that Greece and
The Purdue Exponent Entered m Meond cIbu matter at the poet office in 1.0fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreaa of Mareh S, 1879, and at the apecial rate of poataye prorided for In ■ection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorbied January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during tht Summer Session. Dcliyered locally by carrier for 8S.oo per year, muill eabscription $8.60. Editor-ln-ChM K. W. Donahue Business Manager. -JMerle Hagameyar
Publication Staff
J. H. McKee _D. K. Heiple
News Bditor„__ Managing Editor.
Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Bullner, K. M. Skallerup, J. L. TrUugott.
Businots Staff
Local Adrertlaing Managers: D. S Powers, G. 0. latnders, Promotion Manager, CS. E. Danglemajer: Accpnnts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. '
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siesa.
Sports Staff , Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swalm. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; $ports 2792 Rei^caented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Trangott Issue Editor: Armstrong Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Johnson Workers: E. McCullough, T Novey, B Van Deusen, R. Hadley, B. Hoskins, A Chatfleld, H Davis, L. Brower, N Zachery, A Prantner, P. Stenberg, M Fuller, V Barson, A Worsley, J. Keeler, E. Young, R Wheldon, D Brewer, W. Hummel.
3.93
to 1
Britain would fall. Said that they started this and that he was going to finish it. And he might, too. With Adolph’s help, * * ii< He added. As an afterthought sorta. That the British did not lick his fleet at Taranto. That they only hit three ships. And none were sunk. The way we got it he probably told the truth. They were so far inshore they had to be buried, d.k.h.
'Jitterbugs'
... at Purdue have finally succeeded in arousing some opposition to their ballroom antics. From four different sources in the last week we’ve heard complaints about the type of dancing engaged in by many of the dancers at the mixers and even at some of the other dances. And only one of the complainants was a faculty member. On the surface this seems like a trivial subject, but a little investigation brought out the fact that there are other facts to be taken into consideration. We’ve only heard and seen one side of the case and we’d like to present it with the thought in mind of uncovering the other side of the story and arriying at some sort of a compromise. First, the “jltterbugging” we have observed in front of the bandstand from time to time has been done without consideration for the rest of the dancers. Certainly, “jitterbugs” require more space than the other dancers and the mortality rate on stockings and dresses for the latter is greatly increased. Secondly, we’ve noticed that the ballroom has taken on the ai^mosphere of “Jitterbug Junction” with the girls coming attired in sweaters and saddle shoes. True, the dances are supposed to be informal, but we object to going to extremes. After all, if the men are required to wear coats and ties, the least their dates can do is to (jome attired with something more formal than saddle shoes. We have no case to make against “jltterbugging” as such. If it offers an outlet for some of the excess energy that abounds on the campus it serves its purpose in spite of the deep frowns from the elders. But if it offers an outlet at the expense of other dancers, there is something wrong. There is more than one type of “jltterbugging” and at least some of it can be done in a crowded ballroom without annoying other dancers. But there is definitely no place in a ballroom for those antics which have been preserved from some prehistoric age of savages in which no holds were barred and no quarter given. This is one side of the question; is there another?
Guidance Conference Opens November 29 Guidance officers of the schools of Indiana will attend the annual Guidance Conference to be held at the University November 29 and 30. Many noted speakers will take part in the two-day conference. Dr. Edward G. Olsen, acting head of the department of education at Colgate university, will address the conference banquet on “Guidance and the Social Lag.” Speaking in the clinic of guidance programs operating in Indiana will be Dean C. H. Lawshe of the Mechanics Arts School, Evansville; I. M. McFadden, Bedford high school guidance director; Miss Allegra Nesbit of Gary; and Hosea Russell, Washington high school. J. Ralph Irons, superintendent of Evansville schools, will preside at this session. Harold Church, Elkhart superintendent, will preside at the afternoon session which will include addresses by President Elliott; Dr. Carleton W. Washburne, Winnetka, 111.; Dr. R. W. Tyler, dean of education at the University of Chicago; and Dr. C. L, Shartle, chief of the occupational analysis section of the U. S. Employment Service In Washington. At the final session Saturday morning V. L. Eikenberry, Vincennes, will preside. Others speaking on the program will be Dr. Edward G. Olsen; Dr, H. H. Remmers, director of the Division of Educational Reference; and Edward Salner, director of Personnel, Koppers Comany, Baltimore, Md. a.r.w.
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION NOT TO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S Wed., Nov. 20, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs., Nov. 22, 7:00 p. m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRT
(DofiL It’s only a short time till the hig game of the year. Our team will take Indiana. We have had a great team this year and they will he even greater next year.
Peter Anderson Company
“After You We Gome First”,
fiju/tdwL Sxpomnt
GRIN AND BRAR IT
By Licthy
• •
Well, the big week-end is over and we’re still waiting to hear of the i^epercussions that are bound to come sooner or later. Wonder whRt happened to that Hedy Lamarr affair. Did Stoll pay off or was Hedy really here? We looked all over the place for her, but she wasn’t to be seen. Speaking of repercussions, how did Art Grey come out on his woman trouble. We heard before the dance that he was mixed up with two co-eds. One of them, Judie Horner, took him to Gold Diggers and he was planning on taking the other. Marge Moore, to Military Ball. Did he get away with that by any chance? Say, by the way, 4id you notice that Art made the “What They’re Wearing” column last Friday? Wonder how he managed to crash in on that list of girls. Heard a good one on Prof. Siskind of the EE school today. It seems as though he takes his work so seriously that one morning when he was awakened, he inquired of his tormentor, “What’s the voltage?” And speaking of taking one’s work seriously, the other day in practicing for the forthcomipg Playshop presentation “What A Life’* Pat Hearing forgot to pull her punch and almost knocked poor Sid Steams off the stage. If she does that in practice, what’s going to happen on the night? It might be worth going to see. We’ve often wondered what it would be like to have to dance with someone you disliked tremendously and it looks like the people to see in order to find out are Tom Keefer and Dorothy Ann Canfield. These two dance together in the Union Thanksgiving show, and rumor has it that they really hate each other. The other day, Dorothy got so mad that she started pulling Tom’s hair. Sounds like that might turn out to be something real interesting. Personally, we’re going to be right up there m front, waiting for the fun to begin, and may the best man win. New Rifle Club All men interested in forming a Rifle Club at Purdue are urged to be present at a meeting Wednesday night at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. d.e.b.
'll
m
I
—and say you saw the accident while standing in front of a millinery shop—remember, madam—you’re under oath!”
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
IT'S FIRST RUN PLUS
VUONICN VlflTHOUT NAMES'
ROBERT PAGE ELLEN DREW — ALSO —
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Ordera a SPECIALTY
tiAlll
—TODAY -TOMORROWTWO FIRST RUN HITS!
^ucille Ball, Richard Carlson Ann Miller, Eddie Braciwn Frances Langford, Deal btaa Hal LeRov
PLUS
NIghtnm
PETER LORRE Ista McOaita » Mugirit Tillldat« ClHtlw WaWnm
— COMING — LUM and ABNER
MADS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
SAUUEL OOLQWYN (tmnti
wlih WALTER SRSmS FRED STONE • DORIS OAVENPORf
MMliETIE TODAY - WEDNESDAY ADVENTURE..
as stirring as Its gnat starsi From the famed novell
nEMERW
LUMA Today-Wed.—2 HITS
What a lover! What a liar)
Whol a monl Tflo yoor's tur^ priit choracler in tho year's •urprito Mil Poramooni rreieott
TNE CREAT McGINTT wiih Brian Donlevy Muriel Angelus • Akim Tamirof f
PLUS—2ND HIT(pa^ i -Jhhei^n TbavA
Tuesday. Kovember 19. 1040
PuJuiuiL £xponatit
iji*
itain To Fall Correspondent Reports Havoc Like Carthage" In Fascist Bombed Greek City
Says Mussolini
By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO I’d the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. 'Rome, Nov. 18.—Denying that Italian vlarships had been sunk at Taranto or reverses in Greece, Premier Mussolini spoke by radio today directly to the Italian people, telling them that their fate is bound up with that of the Nazi Germans in a long, struggle and proihising them thal England,- like ancient Carthage, will be annihilated. That occasion was the fifth anniversary of the economic sanctions imposed upon fascism by 62 members of the League of Nations after Italy’s invasion of Ethiopia, and Mussolini said that this “infamous” act inspired the war against the democracies begun then and there by the two totalitarian revolutions. Fascist Hierarchy Assembles ^ As 100,000 Fascists stood massed in the square before the Palazzo Venezia, Mussolini spoke not on the balcony, as in the past, but in the “battle room” of the palace, where the hierarchy of Fascist leaders drawn in from all the provinces had just given a report on the temper of the people after five and one half months of war. Afterward, the Duce took bows on the balcony, looking sunburnt and fit. As this group outside cheered the unseen orator, Mussolini promised victory in Greece whether it takes “two months or twelve.” II Duce declared that Italy is developing new types of aircraft superior to any in the world and said that in his opinion Germany’s present production of submarines and airplanes was “exceptional.” ‘We Will Break Back of Greece’ The struggle against Britain will go on “without compromise” pursued by an Italo-German “bloc of 160.000. 000—a bloc that already has victory in its fist,” he said. “We will break the back of Greece, as we broke that of the Negus,” he said, and then he loosed his favorite oratorical bravura. “As in the third Punic war,” he shouted, “this war must be and tvill be concluded with the annihilation of the modern Carthage—England.” ' He cried this in that resonant voice that has given persuasion to the ringing, rhythmic grandiloquence of the man. Japanese Not Counted in Axis The population now claimed to be under Nazi or Fascist rule totals 160.000. 000, so Mussolini evidently left the Japanese out of his accounting of positive Axis allies. Similarly, he said nothing about the Russians, with whom Fuehrer Hitler has just been talking, or the Spaniards, whose foreign minister is meeting German Foreign Minister Col. Joachim von Ribbentrop and Italian Count Galeazzo Ciano in Salzburg today to reopen presumably the question of Gibraltar. The dictator made passing refeience to Hitler and Prime Minister Winston Churchill, describing the latter as a liar, but he said nothing of President Roosevelt, who has been re-elected, the Italian public understands, for a third term. Today's War News Digest ^Continued from page 1 Britain are reported in Tokyo to be pressing Thailand for a triple assistance pact. A Foreign Office spokesman said the Japanese are “watcliing carefully” for substantiation of the rumors.
Germany plans to have “a Canada of her own” -^ithin the borders of Russia, where submaries and airplanes may be built beyond the range of the R. A. F. A rumor to that effect is being circulated in London. Russia is said to view the idea -‘“not unfavorably.”
By Leland Stowe SPECIAL RADIO To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Patras, Greece, Nov. 18.—Seventy thousand persons normally live in this thriving Pelopoxmesian port but only about 6,000 remain ^ere today. Patras has probably never been so quiet, nor its pulse of life so muffled, nor its streets so empty, in several centuries. Finland's seaport of Viborg and the Karelian Isthmus used to be almost the exact size of Patras and it was just about as ghostlike and weird when last we viSited it, but this deserted city is different because the coma inflicted by the Italian bombers should soor pass as the refugee populations gradually re-
turn.
Nevertheless, the public squares of Patras Seem-, extraordinarily large today and the streets uncommonly straight and long. Pedestrians are so scarce that the cats prowling hungrily about attract your attention nearly as much as human beings do. First of all, however, your eyes focus upon the gaping roofs and broken beams of wrecked houses and upon heaps of rubble that indicate bomb hits down the side streets. The hits are scattered about without rhyme or reason but we cannot find any within half a mile of the railroad or within several hundred yards of the port installations. Since these were the city’s only military objectives, the Italian aviators do not appear to have been efficient at their job. Being the first newspapermen to visit Patras since the war started, we obtained the first authoritative story of what happened here. War Without Warning Five Italian bombers came zooming over Patras early on the morning of Oct. 28. Most of the city’s population still did not know that Greece was being invaded. People flocked into the streets. They saw, or thought they saw, Greek markings on the planes. Many of them began to applaud what they assumed to be their own air force. As
they applauded, the first bombs came down into the heart of the city. The prefect told us that several dozens of men, women and children died as their mistaken cheers were obliterated by terrific explosions. ' s This, once more, was war without warning. For one hour the Fascist bombers circled over Patras, dropping their cargoes with complete immunity since there was not a single anti-air cannon in the entire city. The nearest Greek warship was also many miles away. If any large, open city is fair game in totalitarian warfare, Patras was a perfect target. No Military Targets Struck When the first hour of terror ended, not a single bomb had fallen in the harbor or had struck the wharves. According to universal testimony, the Italian raiders never descended low enough to pick out the two or three places that could be regarded as military targets. In the afternoon, the Italians returned and dropped more bombs. About 160 persons were killed on that first day and more than twice as many were wounded. By chance^ one of the first bombs demolished the chapel of the Italian school. Next to the torn shell of the chapel, we read this Fascist slogan, lettered in Italian on the walls of the
school:
“Believe, Obey and Fight.” The words were huge in size and intended to impress the minds of the Italian schoolchildren at Patras. Beside the battered ruins of the chapel, they now look like a bitter epitaph, printed by an anti-Fascist propagandist—or perhaps, like the end of a lesson. It is now 10 days since Patras was last raided and the authorities have profited by the interval to work on air raid shelters and other defense measures that are intended to speed the return of tens of thousands of refugees to their homes. As yet, however, this large city still has only one restaurant and a few cafes open. You walk for blocks finding all shops closed and windows shuttered. Patras is as nearly dead as a city can be while still clinging to the thin thread of renewable life.
Nazi shipmasters protested to the Mexican government yesterday that enemy warships pursued them in Mexican waters Friday night. One freighter was scuttled by her crew and others turned back. A Mexican gunboat commander said American men or war were off Tampico, and they may have been mistaken for the British.
2-Day Battle For Koritza Still Rages Continued from page 1 a desperate tempo with Italian airplanes doing >their utmost to halt the determined Greeks. According to Greek claims, their advance has not been checked and Koritza is described as almost untenable for the Italians. On the central front Greek troops are said to be driving toward Ostanitza and advancing on Lescovik. The main supply road, which runs northward from Lescovik to Koritza, has been cut in two places by artillery fire and is believed to be cut by Greek infantry at Messogefira. This leaves the Italians in the north with only one avenue of retreat left open from Koritza. Italians May Be Pocketed The Greek central offensive now skirts Albanian territory, or penetrates it slightly at several points. If it can be maintained it may threaten to catch one or more Italian divisions in a pocket behind the Kalamas river, in the extreme southern sector. This restricted area now constitutes the only foothold the Italians still have on Greek soil. With their northeastern fiank exposed, a further withdrawal of Fascist troops from the Kalamas spearhead always remains possible. The sudden utilization of strong Italian aviation units in the combat zones marks a new tactic on the part of the reorganized Fascist command in Albania. By bombing and machine-gunning advanced positions, the Greek soldiers on the mountain heights have b^en put under severe tests around Koritza but apparently without breaking their offensive. It remains to be seen whether increased Italian aerial attacks on the front will tend to stabilize the front-line positions or merely help to cover the withdrawal of Fascist troops from Koritza.
Squash Alumni Will . . . compete against the present Squash Varsity this coming Saturday morning, before the Indiana game. The competition, to which eleven former varsity squash men have been invited, will be a part of the activities celebrating Dad’s Day.
to give close shaves 30%
quicker, easier, better.
New SCHICK COLONEL Has the new 2>M Head and built-in
radio static suppressor. Styled in rich ivory plastic with gold-colored V^hiskIts. Complete in simulated aliigator tuck-away case for only
Otbermodels from $9.9S to $17.50 ONLY THE NEW SCHICK SHAVER
OFFERS AU THIS: ^
I Netv 2-/Vi Shelving Head — hollow-ground to arch the skin —makes the whiskers stand up to be cut off—gives close shaves
30% quicker, easier, better.
2 thing Shuttle Shearer — improved motor, more than 14,000 shaving operations pet minute. 3 Whisk-lts—to catch all beard clinninn. No Other shaver of-
fers this feature.
4 New Styling by RAYMOND LORWY^funoiis designer.
THE YELLINGER PHARMACY 834 Main St.
^Jn^DJi^ CL Jhcutkdj^m^ (DimuUL in the Purdue Memorial Union. The Union has a plaee to dine for every
occasion.
If you are looking for a place to enjoy a good Thanksgiving dinner visit the conveniently located Union and you will be assured of finiling the place, the foods and the surroundings that you desire. • ShofL • Ca^sdstAui. • SJulL-3[ojunqiL • ChsainjuL dhmm. Relaxation in pleasant surroundings among friendly people is always
yours m
• • •
ih£.
fijUJtjdjUJL. TFliimiyujid, lAnion,
The Corner of the Campm^ Yet the Center of Activities
X
I ilfijuAdm- £xfa»w^
Tuesday, NbvAinbei* 19/1940
Ptiao
-,t|: /■M.
■»s «I»IM 91^
S.H3XN3M3a
IB
saix ^oaav j*» »«n 3i»iduio3 »? osiv sxaiHS T^oaav
An
A Safe Combination... ARROW SHIRTS AND TIES
Arrow’s grouped color sets of shirts, ties and handkerchiefs . . . and even shorts . . . originate on design sheets long before the fabrics are woven. Thus each complementary color tone and motif is controlled from the beginning. The ensemble sets are in three basic shades to harmonize ?vith blue, brown, or gray suits. You get, too. Arrow’s superb tailoring, exclusive fabrics, and that inimitable Arrow collar. Load up on these handsome Arrow foursomes today. Shirts, $2 up — Ties, $1 - $1.50 Shorts, 65c — Handkerchiefs, 35c
As I start to slap this typewriter tonight, I find myself faced with the most difficult assignment I’ve ever had while on the Exponent staff, that of writing about an organization that is brilliant in defeat. Songs and poems are easily written about victor^ and ev'fen stories to depict victory are comparatively simple. But when it comes to the composi-r tory ^bout Purdue in defeat, the ordinary journalist fails. In retrospect, the Minnesota game was a magnificent kaleidoscope of Purdue spirit, the spirit that so vigorously displayed itself in victory during these past 15 years. During the past few weeks I’ve wondered if that spirit would succumb to defeat or ascend to new heights. To the latter, l am happy to announce, it has. -I-I— I took a rather nasty attitude in Thursday’s edition of this daily, stating at that time that Red Carter was deficient in confidence, the student body the same in support, and the squad, as a whole, about as bad. Boy-O-boy, was I showed the opposite by the Minnesota game! —I-I— ■ Throughout the Minnesota game Mr. Carter was as confident and relaxed as a thoroughbred. Purdue’s coaches had informed us that the little red-head was confidence personified, and he proved it at the Gopher stronghold. Time after time he threw his slight frame into beau-
tiful solo tackles of the huge Go* phers. And when ths Gophers tackled Carter they seemed to know by advance information that Carter mu^t be downed with all thte F”s and Q’s of tackling to be stopped, and mobbed Red was, but he ^as always the first on his feet. A lot of things amazed the home crowd. Can you imagine the nerve of the Purdue team? Why they scored through tho middle of the Minnesota line, something that no 1940 opponent of the Gophers have been able to do; yes, Michigan, Northwestern, Washington or Nebraska all failed to dent the Gopher middle. But John Petty scored through the middle—and with the Purdue second string line in front of him. But Ted Axton was there at center, others in the middle were sophomore guards Ehrlich and Stevens; and underclassman tackles I. Rossi and Pinky Warren. . ^-I—, I was of the opinion that Purdue could have kept pace with the Gophers with a dry ball and Elward’s scintillating passing attack, the best in the conference, and from the consences of Northern opinion, I was almost right. The Gopher partisans were sitting around awed by the passing of Brock, Galvin and Berto with the wet and muddy ball. The Boilermakers connected with 14 out of 30 heaves and folks that’s something to marvel at when the weather is dry, let alone'weather at zero and the ground full of ice, mud and water. ■ ' .^.I_ . I talked to Pug Lund, after the contest and our conversation dwelt on the passing and receiving of the Purdue kids, as he called them. Pug was a fullback and a halfback in 1934-35 at Minnesota. Mr. Lund was of the opinion that Elward’s passing attack on ideal conditions could cope with the Minnesota power by merely scoring point for point with the Gophers. No doubt such a score would mount into the 30’s but Purdue would be there, but Saturday’s contest was the usual, breaks thrown
opposite Purdue’s direction and the terra conditions juet opposite Purdue’a offensive preparations. ■■ -J-I—, Purdue was forced to swallow 18 points before they knew what had transpired. Minnesota was fortunate in having ideal conditions for a power attack against a light opponent. The second touchdown is an example of Purdue’s helplessness. Smith, 22 yards from pay dirt, swung" wide around Captain Rankin’s enid. . . . Rankin went into his usual jitter-bug dancing to keep the carrier inside so the tackles and backer-up could get a shot at Smith . . . but just as Dave took his two short steps that carry him past blockers to carrier . . . he slipped and, fell with the blockers falling over him ... Petty, coming up fast, also slipped and over-shot his distance which he couldn’t rectify due to his sliding, and on Smith went. ■■-I-I— ■ ■ We all admire David’s victory over Goliath. Still more we praise and esteem the nationalities who, defeated and held in bondage, come back with that quality, untitled by adjectives, to rise again to new heights, heretofore unattained. That quality seems to thrive here at Purdue and last Saturday’s defeat brought out Boilermaker intestinal fortitude with a rousing roar. ■ / ^-I— Tears filled Dave Rankin’s eyes as he saw the crowd at the station to meet'the train and a lump filled his throat as he started to speak to these grand girls and boys who call themselves Boilermakers and the townspeople who are stickers-—one and all. ■ -l-L-Where there is spirit there is life on the field of athletics or any other physical or mental endeavorment; and with that thought so thoroughly personified by Purdue’s public and student body, we prophesy that most auspicious stories will be written and recorded by the Boilermakers in the future—whether it be in victory or defeat. Since 1926 Purdue
Cornell Leaves Ranks Of Undefeated Teams Cornell’s brilliant winning streak came to an abrupt end yesterday as the motion pictures of last Saturda3r*s tilt with Dartmouth faded from the screen. The game apparently had terminated in a 7-3 win for the Big Red oii Wally Scholl’s pass to Mxirphy in the final six seconds. ■ V However the films showed that the score had been made on a fifth down play. Cornell had driven for a first down on the Dartmouth 6 yard stripe. Three line plays netted five yards but at this point the Big Red were penalized five yards for excessive timeouts. ( Too Many Downs Then came a fourth down pass which was batted down. Here the ball should have gone over to Daftmouth on the 20 yard stripe. Thinking that it was fourth down Referee W. H. “Red” Friesell gave Cornell one more play. This extra play produced the score. When Cornell officials learned of the results of the pictures they immediately wired the athletic director of Dartmouth, offering to concede the game by the score of 3-0. Dartmouth officials accepted the offer and the Cornell streak which had extended to eighteen games without defeat is ended, e.c.y. has had better than good football teams and one disappointing season like the ’40 campaign will fail miserably to stem Purdue spirit. .-I-I—.' ;■ And with the faculty leaders of that gridiron spirit. Bob Woodworth, Mai Elward, Elmer Burnham, Eth Baugh, Pop Doan, Dean Knapp, Red Mackey and Dr. Elliott, Purdue intrepidity will flame anew with such a glow and consternation that the Big Nine or Ten conference will fairly rock with the spirit of Purdue in athletics in the future.y
V
^BUidmL ^xfaawad.
' !
TiUtadby* Havmsakmt 1% 1940
fia^S-SpofdA
Hoosiers Regain Distance Crown; Riveters Third
%
Swimmers Prepare ' Tolliver Wins Individual ForAnniaUquiKiKie; jitig. Holderman Third
Fresh Squad Strong
Riveters Polish Offense For lU; Byelene Out Again With Injuries “I Can't Get Indiana Oif My Mind,” is the theme song of the Boilermaker gridiron contingent this week as they swing into the final week of the 1940 season in preparation for the forty-third annual Indiana-Purdue reunion which will be staged in Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday afternoon. The Riveters will be gunning for their twenty-fifth victory over a Cream and Crimson eleven, having lost only 13 and tied five in the 43 years of hard fighting competition. i Seven Seniors In Finale
Seven seniors on the sqnad have never seen an Indiana team emerge the victor in the series with the downstaters, and will be pointing for the battle Saturday in order to continue the precedent set by the earlier Gold and Black elevens. But there will be one senior, one of the gamest ever to don the Gold and the Black, who appears destined to watch the final game of his collegiate career from the sidelines. According to last reports from trainer Lon Mann, Mike Byelene, diminutive right half who has been dodging the injury jinx all season, will not be able to see action in the Hoosier confiict. Tough Luck Galore After starring for two seasons and playing bang up ball in the first two games of the present one, Mike received a broken wrist bone in the Michigan State fracas. He
broke into the linSup again at Fordham for the last few minutes, and appeared to have regained his form against the steam rolling Gophers last week when he received a separated shoulder in the second half as a result of a jarring tackle by a Minnesota lineman, Andy Still Out Anderson is still nursing an injured side sustained in the Ram confiict. Kersey, who has been hindered by an earlier leg injury for several weeks? limped out of the Gopher game with a severely sprained ankle to end his activities for the season. Snyder, a sophomore, will also be out due to an ankle injury. Second Year Quarters Two sophomores, Smerke and Cary, will, carry the brunt of the signal calling in the final game.
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S West Lafayette
y|j|J
Nothing succeeds like Sussex Campus bigwigs who corral most of the extra- \ curricular honors without half trying, are usually the guys that are pretty well dressed. It’s a cinch they’re Arrow addicts. Arrow shirts and ties do things for you. Take that ,new Arrow Sussex shirt with widespread collar—a handsomer shirt was never designed for $2. It’s a honey! See it today in the new candy stripes ... 5 diferent colors with ties ($1.) and handkerchiefs (35c) to aid and abet it. ARROIV SHIRTS
108E aNOHd
•±s Nivvy 9Hr
S.H31N3M3a eiHiHfi TVHMOJ Aouav i» n“a v OSTV' SXHIHS ^OWIV
IM Basketball Touchball, Squash Gaines While IM net play is getting into full sway, finals in touchball are being run oiF out' on ^he intramural gridiron, the end of this week seeing the champions of Ward, Fraternity, and Cary Hall tournaments, being crowned. Intra-Fraternity practice squash games are now being waged, in lieu of the opening of the season. On December 4th the Greeks will hold their annual swimming meet, d.e.b, TOUCHBALU—TODAY
Field
3 Ward 26 or 14 vs. Ward 83 or 6. Adams, Captain. 6 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 7 Bernhard, Kutz. 7 Kappa Delta Bho vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Bowers, McCarty. 9 Ward 24 vs. Ward 27. Hawkins, Agler.
7.00 7:46 8:80 9:16 7 00 7.46 8:30 9:16 7:00 7:46 8:30 9:16
SQUASH—TODAY
V Court 1
Phi Delta Theta Lambda Chi Alpha. Delta Chi Phi Kappa Tau.
Court 2
Sigma Alpha Mu Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Sigma. Phi Gamma Delta
Court 3
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi. Alpha 'Tau Omega Phi Kappa
7:00 7:16 8-00
7:16 8-00 8:16 7.00 7:16 8:00 8:16
BASKETBALD-TODAY Court 1—N. R. Swa^ts Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho Theta Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda Court 2—R. Igney Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Beta Sigma Psi vs Delta Chi. Delta Tail Delta vs Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho vs Kappa Sigma Court 3—^Harry Schwartz Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Smerke has been in several games this season, but Cary has seen relatively little action against Big Ten competition. With Byelene and Anderson out at the right half post and with Cook slowed down by a cold, only Tony Berto is left to carry on the position. It is likely that Petty will see more action this week at this spot and that Brock, left half, may possibly be shifted to the injury racked post, p.c.j.
Splashing through ^ their third month of practice, some sixty Riveter swimmers, under the surveillance of Coach Dick Papenguth, are rapidly nearing top condition. Thirty varsity men plus a like number of frosh candidates are working out in the Fieldhouse pool although the first conference meet is nearly two months away. This sport has (ihe longest season of any on the campus, winding up in May. Papenguth Optomistic Papenguth sounded quite optomistic in discussing his team for the coming year. Because of so much sophomore and junior strength he felt that the team should be 50 per cent better than last year’s. He later ventured the prediction that next year’s squad would probably be 50 per cent better than the present group. ' Only two men were lost from last season’s team. Captain Graham and Harris, distance men. Among the free-stylers now working out are Carney and Horn, sophomores; Kratzer, Herr, Branner and Lake, juniors, and Siler, a senior. In the backstroke category are Anchor and Pier, sophomores; Andersen, Anderson and Kusko, juniors, and McCready, a senior. The breaststrokers include in their number Tingly, a junior, and a quartet of second-year men, Williamson, McKay, Christians and Soderling. Farkas, a'^junior, and Ochstein, a sophomore, are the outstanding divers. Aquacade Next On Bil? In the immediate future on the swimming front is the fourth annual Aquacade which will be held m the pool at the Fieldhouse Friday and Saturday nights, November 29 and 30. Tickets, which are selling for 40 cents, are moving fast. They are in the hands of members of the Triton, Dolphin and Reamer clubs or can be purchased at the Field- , house ticket office. //
Where Every Shirt Is An ARIjrOW SHIRT HERSEY^S
507 Main St.
Lahr Hotel Building
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENT8ST 119'/2 Northwestern Ave. Phone. 4965
Complete Pen Service Sales and Repairs SOUTHWORTH'S
• jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays jewelry Co.' Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices \ 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bids. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Chicago, 111., Nov. 18—(Special to Purdue Exponent)—^Regarded as favorites on the eve^of the contest, Indiana’s Hoosiers ran true to form and took the Western Conference CrossCountry title away from Wisconsin this afternoon in Chicago's Washington Park. Indiana posted 32 points, while her nearest rival, Ohio State, showed 43. The Riveters snatched third place, scoring 58 points and far behind with 107 points came the defending champion, Wisconsin.
Holderman Third
The Hoosiers’ i Wayne Tolliver hit the tape first followed by his teammate, Broertjes. Riveter Captain Ed Holderman flashed across third. After two Buckeyes had followed Ed home, the Boilermakers’ Reeves came in to take sixth place./ Hedges and Kane, both of Indiana, finished right behind Reeves. McLaughlin was the next Riveter to finish taking fifteenth place. Appleton was next across for the Riveters, in sixteenth place. Jarvis and Jentsch took eighteenth and nineteenth places, respectively. Tolliver’s time was '^2 minutes, 25f5 seconds, not especially fast for four miles. In 1939 Walter Mehl of Wisconsin finished nearly two minutes better than this mark. The reason for the slow time was the condition of the track. The course was soft and muddy. Hoosiers Regain Crown In taking the crown, the Hoosiers were merely taking back the crown which Wisconsin lifted from them in last year’s event. The Riveters maintained the position which they held a year ago. Last year they and Ohio State finished in a dead-
lock for third place.
The biggest surprise from the Riveter viewpoint was probably the showing of Reeves. In the State meet held here November 9, Reeves finishe4 behind both Kane and Hedges in ninth place. To^y he whipped both men to take sixth. For many of the Riveters this meet wound up the season. Remaining on the schedule is the national collegiate meet and Coach Herman Phillips has indicated that only a few of his charges will enter
this meet.
Three Wins; Two Losses Their record in dqal meet standings showed three victories against two losses. The Ohio State meet which was lost was very close. The only other loss was to the new con-
Defense Stressed As Basketball Squad Continues Practice Yesterday afternoon’s basketball practice was devoted almost entirely to defensive drill. The practice was started with drills in which defensive footwork was particularly stressed. This week’s practice wiH consist almost entirely of combinations of various defensive plays. Blocking systems, defensive fast and slow breaks and all of the other defensive strategem that Coach Piggy Lambert no doubt has up h» sleeve are to be emphasized in this
week’s practice.
Although the team has been handicapped by the lack of room, the floor, is expected to be installed in the Fieldhouse arena by the middle
of next week.'
Defense Plus Offense
WMle defense is being emphasized, offense wjH be practiced in any time not absolutely needed on defense. With a tilt against St. Joseph Orilege not far distant, Gbach Lambert is nmndnig the team out in their usual top form. , Defense is praetieed in groups of three. Tbhi ghres Coach Lambert a splendid oiKPortonity to see every player m aetion and to correct his faults or to improve his style. By the end of the week^ the team will probably start practice on some oth» er phase at the game which needs
their attention. w.h.h.
ference champs. The Riveters took second place in the Big State meet, ^[;ain tcailii:^ the Hoosiers. Yesterday they wound up a fairly sais
eessful season, e.c.y.
Covfie in and See Our ‘ I mW and EXCLUSIVE lines of GREETING CAftDS By appointment we will deliver onr samples for your inspection. HAYWOOD'S 5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 4085
REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireprool
Newly decorated Blueblazer » Airconditloiied
Fourth and Ferry
hciiay«tl»'’ ‘ ' I ' ■ ‘ '
$\ -
IJf-", / v>%
. /
fiaqa 6-TLoiifM
Tuesday# November 19# 1940
pjuJuiwL £xpomM,
y
Kiwanis Club Engages 85 Musicians Olympic Star Speaker Will Perform
Under Sevitzky
Colorjwill be added to this year’s annual Boilermaker-Kiwanis Football banquet, as in the past, with the signing of a former national sports and Olympic star as the principal speaker of the evening. The speaker is to be Ellis C. VanderPyl, of Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. VanderPyl was a member of the 1920,1921 and 1922 Yale University football teams and also a member of the Yale varsity track team during those same years, serving as captain in 1922. He was claimed by the U. S. Olym-
pic team in 1920. Famed Speaker
Simon Heemstra, general chairman of -i^jafayette Kiwanis club, made the annduncement of Mr. VanderPyl’s coming engagement at the football banquet at their regular meeting last night. Mr. Heemstra stated, “We feel fortunate in bringing to the 1940 football banquet such a man as Ellis VanderPyl, whose athletic career speaks for itself and whose genuine interest in sports is well known by persons who have heard him speak before regional and national meetings held' in recent years in the Middle West.” Encouragement from many persons who had heard Mr. VanderPyl in an address before a regional Kiwanis convention and were thoroughly convinced with his aMlity to deliver an inspiring address was
heard.
Versatile VanderPyl At present Mr. VanderPyl is a member of the National AAU Track Field committee and is a radio o:^ficial of station WGAR of Cleveland, Ohio. g.t.w.
Continued from page 1
rise of the orchestra to fame in the musical world has been phenomenally rapid. It is now a member of thes annual conference of America’s 16 major symphony organizations. Since its reorganization the group has given a total of 119 full concerts in three states during the sixty weeks of its three seasons and has broadcast 46 programs over the three major netwdrks.
Orchestra Numbers 85 The orchestra is composed of 85 professional musicians. Its concerts in Indianapolis are attended not only by residents of the state capital but also by season-ticket holders from 78 Indiana cities who commute to the bi-weekly performances of the regular concert season. / Tonight At 8 Admission to tonight’s convocation will be by season ticket or passport, with additional tickets available at the Hall of Music before the concert at one dollar. Doors will op^ for the evening performance at 7:15. This afternoon’s performance is sponsored by the Lafayette unit of the Indiana State Symphony Society. Tickets for the matinee are on sale at' the various grade and high schools in Lafayette and vicinity at 25 cents for children and 50 cents for adults, j.h.a.
WATT'S FOOD STORE CLOSED THANKSGIVING DAY FRESH DRESSED POULTRY
112 Northwestern Ave.
Phone 8052
WAA fall sports banquet will be held Tuesday, November 26 at the WAA cabin. All members will be expected to attend.
• COMPLETE SUPPLIES.
MODEL AIRPLANE
• COMPLETE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
SUPPLIES.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
llnlvprdt^
J Driin fitnrp
■ ■ ■ w ww ■ mrmm 'J mm ■ mm m mm ■ mm Next to Post Office
N. J. Arth, ’37
D. N. HanseU, ’37
Smokers like yourself find CHESTERFIELDS very refreshing with their
MAKS rOUR NEXT PACK
. Coprri^it 1940, Usvm k Mtmi Tommm C»
V 'S/i'
Dr. J. Rqy Leevy
Scabbard and Qlade Pieces: Test infor-
tout
... of the department of education, and applied psychology, has been elected to membership in the Indiana Schoolmen’s club, membership of which is composed of over five hundred of the/school teachers in the state, including college professors, the state- superintendent of public schools, principals, grade teachers and school book men. Next meeting of the organization will be held Saturday, December 7, on the., Purdue campus, l.m.b.
.madon is in your box. Keep your eyes
glued to this column.
(11-17-19) —CHRISTY.
btartha Jane Gettinger, and Jean Steigerwald will lead folk dances and -refreshments
■will be served. This party is open to_ail
ndati
Ceres: There will be a iheeting Tuesday, November 19, at 7 p. m. in room' 282 of the
foundation members and anyone else. The
charge will be 16 cents eadi.
—HUNTKR. ;
Union. Both actives and pledges ^ould
attend.
-JOHNSOI
Eta Kappa Nni Important meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 4 p. m. in room ,203 of the Union, Note change in time because of convo. —^HOLCOMB.
All Students: Meeting of the Union Art Club Wednesday, November 20, at 7:80 p, m. in the Union sub-basement room 84. All old members and others interested are cordially' invited. —PARKS.
Reamers: Very important meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 4:16 p..m. in the PIA office. Every active must be present. —BOHLIN.
Scabbard and Blade: Pledge meeting at 7 a. m. 'Wednesday at the Armory. Wear uniform and be prepared! —BLACKWELL.
Volleyball: Practices Monday, Wednesday, Thursday at 4 p. m. Two practices are required for intramural team. —KIRKOPF.
Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Wednesday, November 20, or Thursday, November 21, Teams scheduled for these two nights can shift make-ups next week. —BLAGRAVE.
Notices
Independent Staff: No meeting this week because of Thanksgiving vacation. Dog will be up Monday. —SELKOWITZ.
WSGA Executive Board: Special meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 4 p. m. in WSGA office. —ZWiERLEfN.
Silver Mhsk: No meeting Thursdaj^ November 21. Cancelled due to Thanksgiving. —PITCHER.
Undergradaato Dames: Meeting Tuesday, November 18. at 7:80 p. m. in robm 808 of the Union. All members please be prompt —GERSTUNG.
Pi Tau Sigma pledges: Informal initia-
idky
tion next Wednes'day, November 27. Signed shingles due Monday. Watch this column.
—WIST.
Classified Ads
Radio Club:'Because of the convocation TuMday night the meeting will be held Tuesday, November 26. Mr. R. R. Stone will give a lecture demonstration on “Control of )the Purdue Television Station, W9XG.” —REYNOLDS.
All Students: Thanksgiving tea dance, Thursday afternoon in Union ballroom, from 3 to 5 p. m. —^ELDER.
FOR RENT
Purdue Engineer: Business staff meeting in office at 4 p. m. today. —LANTZ.
Rnaa-Rant-A-Car Service. Cara for all oeeasiona. Min. $2.60 all night Phone, 2407.
Newman Club: Discussion groups mee'. Monday and Wednesday, November 18 and 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —LUDRIS.
PIA Men’s Chorus: No meeting Wednesday night because of Thanksgiving vacation. Meet next Monday at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —SMULBVITZ.
Typewritera and adding maehinee, new and lued, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, 229.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 \ Main St Phone 2779.
Modern Dance: Rehearsal Monday at 4 p. m. and Wednesday at 7 p. m. It is very important for all members to be present "•—SWOPE. Debate Managers: All sophomore co-ed managers report to the debate office on Tuesday, November 19, at 4 p. m. without fail. -LEE,
Independent Students: Those students desiring to work on the PIA geographical survey report to PIA office at 4 :30 p. m. any afternoon this week. —SMULE'YITZ.
\ ■ FOR SALE 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 ; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
Purdue Christian Foundation: .Thanksgiving party Thursday, November 21, at the Lafayette Christian Church at 7:30 p. m. Recreation will be led by George King and
LOST
Lost: Cameo ring gold mounting. If found call Peggie Davie, 6031. Reward.
Crown Cleaned Clothes for Thanksgiving You still have time to have your clothes cleaned and pressed in time for the Thanksgiving event. SEND US YOUR DRY CLEANING TODAY
FIME CLEANERS OF FINECLOTHEf
AHi NOTHING LIKE CREAM
to put that final little touch on on already delicious TURKEY DINNER.
And if you care to obtain the praise of your friends# sdrve our new HOMOGENIZED MILK with your dinner.
SUNSHINE FARMS
PHONE 5015
'•4'J
.lA*
^ III
^ S-J
ft'I I'l 4 B'J
^ if
' 'Hi 1
4
' *1
ifa