“■' ir A , ‘''I \a"“ ^ ^ f
T"" EDITORIAL , Urge? Students To Ertirven School Spirit
MERRY-GO HOUND Tells Of Congress' Protest About Marshall
Established 1689
Ring Out Victory Bell
Volume 56, No. 57
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, September 2f, 1943
AWS^ Senate Slate Meml?ership Calls
Soybean Products Meet Allies Vital
Seniors To Parade in Traditional Cords
Student Senate The Student Senate will hold callouts Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the Senate office in the Union building for freshhien, sophomores and service men. Since it is such a varied activity, there are jobs to please everyone. The Senate’s functions are many, one of which is compiling a list bf tutors available to students upon request. The Freshman Handbook is created in their office with revisions being made whenever necessary. In an executive capacity the Senate's approval is needed for the constitution of each student organization before it can be recognized. A correspondence is kept up with the representative bodies of many other universities with the thought in mind of exchanging ideas. In Touch With The Students The Executive Committees and the Senate are in constant contact, and it is the Senate which represents the student body as a whole. \ Anyone found around the campus picking up odds and ends dropped by other students will probably be one of the senators for they also have organized a Lost and Pound department. Annually they hold a sale and rid their office of these miscellaneous objects. At the present moment this group is planning a social program for the service-men and it is for this project that more workers are needed—now. AWS Associated Women Students, the coordinating organization of all women students on the campus, will hold a callout tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 355 of the Union. Anyone interested in the varied activities of AWS is invited to attend. Chairmen of the various committees into which the work of the activity is divided will give talks on the work of their respective committees. The committees of AWS are the election committee, headed by Martha McCulloch, ’which has charge of petitions and elections for all AWS offices. The vocational committee, of which Carol Roblee is chairman, which plans vocational guidance conferences and sees that information on vocations is passed out to women students. ■* The activities committee, in charge of Martha McCulloch, which conducts surveys and sends out questionnaires to keep a record of the activities of coeds. The office committee, whose chairman is Judy Jones, v^hich does the filing and typing work for other AWS committees and makes posters for the events sponsored by the organization. The defense committee, in '.harge of Nelda Reed, which coordinates defense work of womm on the campus and participates in the activities of the Student War Council. More Committees Of AWS , The social committee, headed by Pat Patterson, wjhich plans coed bid dances and parties such as Gold Diggers’ Ball. The orientation committee, whose co-chairmen are Mary Jane Doll and Barbara Sanders, which plans all the activities of orientation week, including the freshman counselling program; knd the publicity committee, in charge of Carolyn Wilbur, which sees that AWS activities are properly publicized. AWS offers an opportunity to know better the students, organizations and faculty members on the campus, and also offers valuable experience in office work.
Nutriiionai Needs Moustachcs At Game On October 2
Soybeans are becoming more
vital to this nation according to the reports bf K. E. Beeson, extension agronomist, brought back from a meeting of the American Soybean Association recently held at Cedar
Rapids, la. ^ One-third billion pounds of flour,
grits, and flakes are being allocated for use in this country from the quantities of soybean products that will be s^vailable during the next
year.
Large Amount Allocated The War Food Administration made an announcement which revealed that more than 12 times the quantity of soybean products available last year has been allocated to civilians for a 12-months period ending next June 30. The bulk of the supply will be, used to meet critical nutritional needs of countries liberated or expected to be liberated by the allies. Used In Baked Dishes Beeson adds that the amount allocated to this counti’y represents a decided increase over'' former domestic uses last year. Soybean products will be included in breads, soup powers, macaroni, breakfast food cereals, and in pancake and similar mixes. The housewife will use flour products as fortifers in breads, pastries, meat loaves, and other .baked dishes. It was estimated that 75 million Americans ate some foods containing soybean products last year, a big job of the manufacturers. It has has been established that soybean proteins used in the human body lessens fatigue and improves ability to work longer periods between meals.
Time Limit Set On All Frosh, Rites For Lt. Tom Melton Senior Battles On Campus
Begin Tomorrow At 2:30
The body of Lt. Tom Melton arrived in Lafayette yesterday afternoon and was taken to the SollerBaker funeral home. Ensign Jim Miller, co-captain with Melton and his ro'ommate at Pensacola, also returned.
Lt. Melton, graduate of the University in 1942 and co-captain on the Boilermaker’s 1941 football squad, was killed last Thursday, September 16, in a plane crash at Pensacola, Florida where he has been serving as flight instructor in the Marine Corps. Funeral services will be held tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. in the Trinity Methodist chutch with Dr. T. F. Williams officiating. Burial will be made in the Montmorenci Cemetei’y. Best Guard Of 1940
Following the 1940 season Eddie Anderson, then coach of Iowa, named Melton the ^‘best guard of the year”. He was also awarded the
Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy as the football player who had done the most for the University in 1942. In undergraduate days he was very popular on the campus, belonged to the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity, and in 1942 was voted to the Who’s Who in American Colleges and Universities. Also while at the University he was a member of the Gimlets and “P” men. Enters Services Upon Graduation Melton enlisted as a Naval Aviation Cadet and immediately following graduation entered the services. Active pallbearers will be R. H. Schultz, E. J. Cycenas, B. M. Fleek, D. E. Haase, J. R, Miller, R. E. Hager, J. F. Coffin and R. L. Hope. Honorary pallbeai-ers will be Guy Mackey, Dr. S. J. Miller, JElmer Burnham, E. F. Murphy, C. D. Bushnell, 0. R. Pierce, J. W. Meier, R. H. Goodmote, W. C. Kohlfeldt and M. J. Fox.
Senior Cord Parade will take place at the game with Illinois here on October 2, according to Don Thomas, president of the Student Senate. Moustache shaving will be permitted, although the rules and regulations concerning both senior cord fights and moustache shaving will not be announced until later, pending the decisions of a committee composed of the — Dean of Men and the Student
Town Girls To Plan
Senate.
Re-Organization Of
Club Into Groups
Foresters To Show Wild Life Films
North Hall Coeds Pull
Faux Pas In WRH Grill
Veneman Reports State Prison Plans
Aims Of Education
Prof. H. G. Veneman of the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering spoke last Wednesday evening before a meeting of the Chicago chaptei' of the national association of practidal refrigerating engineers on the subject, “Aims and Values of Our Educational System”. Veneman is in charge of the educational program conducted by the N. A. P. R. E. and his Wednesday speech constituted his annual report to the society on his work. This work is. the training of students so that they will be prepared for their vocation, not with theories about refrigeration, but with actual experience in the field.
New Training Program
Wood Hall’s grill was filled with girls and their dates Thursday night, in fact, men were everywhere. Suddenly the room was hushed; everyone stared spellbound at the dooi'way. Two freshman coeds walked blithely in the door, went up to the counter, placed their order and settled down on a couch to wait. Everyone in the room looked at them, and then looked some more. Were they Ubangis? Did they have Gestapo uniforms on? No, these two innocent little freshmen were clad in brightly colored pajamas, short lounge jackets and bedroom slippers. After the staff members present had recovered from their initial surprise, they summoned Miss McCullouch, head I’esident of Wood, who escorted the freshmen back to North Hall.
Tonight at 7:30 the Forestry Club will show movies depicting North American wild life. The films will be shown in room 117 of the Horticulture building. “Bears in Alaska” will be a sound movie on the grizzly, brown, and black bears common to that region; pictorial information on ranges, sources of food and salmon runs will also be shown. This film, made in 1941, gives facts that are up to date and accurate, as well as interesting. Another film on the story of trout, their breeding habits and the necessity for conservation will be presented in “Speckled Beauties”.
Faculty Members Attend Conference
Alpha Kappa Lambda
To plan a moie effective inmate training program. Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agricult,ure. Prof. C. W. Beese, Director of War Production Training and of the University Technical Institutes and M. F. Stigers, Assistant Professor of Trade and Industrial Education, attended a planning conference called by Warden Dowd of the Indiana State Prison at Michigan City, Ind., last Thursday. It was emphasized that the function of the modern prison is not solely to punish those who offend society, but to rehabilitate them, and make it possible for them to lead normal lives when their term is completed.
Alumni In St. Louis
. . . social fraternity, announces its new location at 713 Chelsea Road, Hills and Dales, and also the election of the following new officers: Robert Sherman, president and steward; Sanford Wolin, vicepresident; Roy Denison, recording secretary; William Shuey, corresponding secretary and athletic manager; Eugene Yoder, chaplain; Frederick Roy Knowlton, j’ush chairman; and Ray M. Small, social chairman. The initiation committee is composed of: Sanford Wolin, chairman; William Narigan, and William Shuey.
Thi-ee staff members. Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agriculture; Professor C. W. Beese, director of war production training and of the University Technical Institutes; M. F. Stigers, assistant professor of trade and industrial education; attended a conference called by Warden Dowd of the Indiana State Prison at Michigan City, Thursday, September 16. lihe purpose of the conference was to plan a more effective inmate training program. An inspection of the prison’s industries and buildings was made. This inspection included an observation of the classification committee which assigns new inmates to prison industries, interviews candidates for parole and makes transfers of prisoners. A discussion led by Professor Stigers concluded the conference.
One of the'newest organizations on campus known as the Town Girls is planning a re-organization of the original club into committees. A year ago last spring the Town Girls held their first meeting. The purpose of the club was at first for social activities. Later, however, the advantage was seen of adopting a special orientation program for freshmen women in town. With the beginning of the summer semester, the club was disbanded to form various committeeswhich in turn will act with all activities on campus in an effort to plac6 the new members in organizations in which they are interested. The Town Girls will do much in directing, advising, and placing their new freshmen sisters in such groups as WAA, AWS, and Playshop. Personal interviews are being planned among these new members of Town Girls.
One of the most important parts of the tradition to remember, according to Thomas, is that moustache shaving and cord fights should be carried out only betw'een the hours of 12 noon Thursday, Sept, 20 and 12 noon Saturday, Oct. 2. The executive committee of the Univeisity has approved the cold paiade as a tradition to be carried out as in the past. The cord parade is sponsored by the Student Senate and will be organized this year by Wayne Glover. Representatives Listed Representatives of every school on campus who are in charge of the signs include Bob Williams, E.E.; Andy Bremer, Ch.E.; Wayne Glover, Met.E.; R. Freitag, Civil; Ray Nihan; Pharmacy; R. Galletin, M. E.; Jean Brackman, home economics; and Leslie Flick, science. There will be a meeting of these Committee chaiimpn Friday, Sept. 24, at 4 in the Student Senate office.
There will be a mass meeung for all senior womep in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. Thursday to determine a uniform dress for the coeds to wear in the Senior Cord Parade.
Professors Attend Sheffield's Send
Two Day Ag Parley to
Dean E. C. Young of the University graduate school. Dr. L. S. Robertson, and Dr. J. E. Losey of the department of agricultural economics were in St. Louis Wednesday and Thursday, September 16 and 16, attending the Mississippi Valley meeting of the American Farm Economic Association.
Speak To Engineers
Chi Eta Epsilon Pledges
J. R. Bishop J. A. Greene A/S W. H. Guernsey T. E. Kline G. Langer J. R. Roberts A/S R. E. Truax
Hold University Rally
ASME Presents Speaker On Submarine Warfare
AKL Cedes House
Bill Harding, apprentice seaman in the V-12 program, will speak on his past experiences in the submaripe forces of the Asiatic and Southwest Pacific Fleet, according to Hans Wormer, publicity director for tjie A.S.M.E. The meeting, sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, will take place on Wednesday, at the Mechanical Engineering Building, room 108, at 7:30 p. m. .
To Acacia, Phi Delts
Missouri Athletic Club in St. Louis was the scene of a University rally last night with Major General Frederick L. Martin, ’08, commander of the Second District Army Air Forces, and former dean of women at the University, Lt. Commander Dorothy Stratton, chief of the SPARS, being the honored guests. Some 300 graduates and former students located in the greater St. Louis area, including service men stationed at Jefferson Barracks, Ft. Leonard Wood and Stout Field, attended the rally. Master of ceremonies for the affair was Eth Baugh, Secretary of the General Alumni Association.
WRH Copes With Labor Shortages
Dean Young, national dh’ector of the farm work simplification project, gave an illustrated lecture Wednesday on farm work simplification. During this talk he' discussed reseai’ch work being done throughout the nation by the project. This work is being conducted under a financial grant from the general education board. Two Remain Yesterday Dr. Robertson remained in St. Louis yestei'day to attend a meeting of state research workers who have been developing a report on the ‘maximum agricultural productive capacity of the north central states. Dr. Losey also remained through Friday to attend a regional meeting of the employees of the Bureau of Agricultural Economics.
Representative of the Sheffield Corporation of Dayton, Ohio, will be on campus Wednesday and Thursday to lectuic to four engineering classes on precision instruments and gaging methods. Lingler is scheduled to speak to classes at 10 a.' m. and 1 p. m. on Wednesday and 10 a. m. and 4 p. m. on Thursday. He will address RCA and Curtiss-Wright cadettes, as well as a navy class in manufacturing processes. The public is invited to attend the lecture at any of these times. The Sheffield Coiporation manufactures among other things an amplifying gage which employs a reflected beam of light and will measure to ten millionths of an inch. It also makes an inspection device which \\*ill measure the inside diameter of a machine gun barrel in 15 seconds, and a combination gage which gages an artillery shell body for eiglit 01 ten different dimensions simultaneously.
Another mad scramble came in the housing situation when the Alpha Kappa Lambdas vacated their house oiij Andrew Place to take up residence in Hills and Dales. Phi Delta Theta moved into the house soon afterwards. Yesterday the Acacians began to eat in the same House with the Phi Delts.
Alpha Tau Omega
Ted Salmon
Notice Meeting tonight at 7:30. Important discus.sion. Be there. —GAUNT
. . . and Herbert Huber will be initiated into the Dolphin Club tonight in addition to the list of new members already published.
. . . social fratei-nity, announces thei pledging of James C. Devol, Louisville, Ky.; Rollin J. Frantz, Strykersville, New York; Stephen George, Jr., Whiting; John C. Kilgo're, Brunswick, Ohio; William C. Kresge, Chicago, 111.; Jack R. Lancaster, Memphis, Tenn.; L. Eugene Leapley, Marion; Brantley I. Newsom, San Antonio, Texas; Donald II. Potts, West Lafayette; Charles C. Ripley, Schenectady, New York; Edgar W. Stienecker, Indianapolis; Jack W. Stringe, Oak Park, 111.
By Pat Richardson Armed with vacuum cleaners, floor mops and a mysterious secret weapon known as the “electrolux”, girls living in the residence halls are taking an active part in the war against Herr Schicklegruber by taking over many jobs and thus releasing workers who are badly needed in industries more closely connected with the war effort. Although only an hour and a half a week is required from each girl, careful allotment of that time enables the residence halls to opei’ate with a minimum of maids and helpers. Coeds’ Attitudes Changed Working has changed the attitudes of the average coed and perhaps made her more careful in her ways. Lily white hands that have never before been soiled by honest toil are getting their baptism of fire. Girls who thought that potatoes had no skins and turnips grew in pieces have been initiated into the realities of this cruel world. Prospective brides who had always planned on a house with just mil-
Catalyst Club Pledges
Cattle Will Be Sold
lions of windows are now looking up the rental prices of dark, cozy caves. After the first few hectic days of the semester eaeh girl is given a specific job at a regular time and is expected to provide a,si|ljstitute if she cannot be there. The two general divisions of the work are housework and work in the kitchen. Girls who work in the kitchen either set up tables, clear tables, wash and wipe dishes, or help prepare vegetables. GHQ Is Linen Room Every day coeds fiom each hall report for duty in the Linen Room and are given their instructions. Housework includes washing windows, dusting, sweeping, cleaning the smokers and halls, vacuuming rugs and cleaning the furniture with the electrolux, a vacuum cleaner that resembles a flame-thrower on runners. All the girls agree that sharing the work is the only thing to be done if it will help the war effort and some even believe that the experience will be good for them.
D. Leach B. Wilson B. Osmundson W. Hendry B. Rawlings T. Hanway A. Dumrose B. Formanek B. Butler W. Freitag R. Truax J. Pierce J. Samulowitz J. Bowen B. Fischer J. Vargas A. West F. iDay G. Vriens B. Schmidt
At Auction Friday
Sale of Abeidceii-Angus cattle will be held by the Aberdeen-AngUs Breedei’s Association at the County Fair Giounds on Friday. The sale will begin in the morning and will last througho'tt the day. It will consist of some eighty-five head of cattle which have been consigned to the show by members of the Association from all paits of Indiana. The cattle are to be auctioned off by Arthui Thompson. Thompson is fiom Lincoln Nebiaska, and is known all over the Middle West as a dean of auctioneers.
Dr. R. C. Binder
Alpha Xi Delta
. . . social soiority, announces the initiation of the following gills: Peggy Miner, Kansas City, Missouri; Elizabeth Harden, Flushing, New York; Louise Brookwalter, Gardner, Illinois; and Betty Burnside, Fairview, Illinois.
... of the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Eiigmeering is^the author of a lecent textbook, “Fluid Mechanics”, published by Pi'entico Hall. The textbook was completed in tune to use for the current semiteini and is the basis for the couvfea ill fluid mechanics and a requisite for mechanical and aeronautical engineers.
I
1
Ih
^ I
W'f
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, September 21, 1943
Purdue Exponent comnined with Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business furduo Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor BusintBR Mnnag^cr News Editor Mann^mir Fdilor Sports Editors
Ellis Murph M&ry Dili Willinm n T>Sor (nrol>n Wtlbui Kn^niond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Tnrl Allril R tl M Ford Madelyn A Gr tncs lames 1 K chaid ot Maigaict Y Sleffes
Business Staff
Advertising Manager C I t au t Assistant Advertising Manager Hettv Maney Circulation Manager PC lei nai
Night Fdito Citv Editni Reporters
rett
Staff For This Issue
SIcfTci Drv rditor AI bcti R cliardson Isrur Tditor Aspersrer \ R r cl ail 0 H lit Whealon Gar Jaccioi R tici, rj WiiRht
Th
Goetz
Ot, Ici \\ G 1 1 I ( iilc fate I bell Jlcimaiii
Entered n't secot d class matter at the post oflTice In Lafay ette Ind at a in Ur tl e act of Congress of March S 18 9 and at (ht tccial rate of i ostag provided for in section llOS act of Oc oher 1 191 suth nred January 20 1922 Published on 1 le dsi Tl nsdnv and Saturday mornings dur mg tie tea txc pt cerium lacslioi i enods Delivered daily bv earner f r ‘51 2 fo a s me ter bv mall tor $1 60 for a semeater She i lions n v 1 ol tail cd at the Exponent office or at the West Dc 1 of the Union
Represented f r i al onal advertising bv National Adverlls mg Sen ee I c C liege P ibli 1 cis Representatives 421) Madison Ave Ne v lorh N \
qU WHSHMfiTOK
HEROES
Now h The Time . . .
• y DREW _ PEARSOH Congress Protests Marshall Transfer; President Quezon Resumes Work After Illness WASHINGTON—ivitmDeis ol the Senate and House Militaiv Affcuis Committees aie lodging stiong pio tests with the Wai Depaitmi^nt ovei the impending tiansfei of Gen George Mai shall fiom Chief of Staff to A»cd Commandoi in Chief foi the second fiont in Western Euiope They legaid this is an attempt to get Mai shall out of the pictuie as fai as the Buima, Italian and South Pacific campaigns ait concerned Foi when he loses the key post of Chief of Staff and becomes Comman del in Chief m Western Euiope, he will be m chaige of only that one opeiation cannot supeivise the entue AmciitTn Aimy on all fionts Priends of Gen Marshall aie indignant over lus forthcoming (lansfer and he himself is none too hap pj Senatorial friends attribute the shaft to the Biitish who are leported to have had some stiff altercations ivith Mai shall over a Western Front Gen Marshall long has thought that the quickest way to Berlin was across the English Channel, while Chuichill has publicly favored the soft undeibelly” approach via North Africa and Italy Senatois and Congressmen who oppose Gen Mar shall s transfer are among those who have suppoited Roosevelts i\ar and foreign policies most vigorously and believe they have a right to he heard now If they fall to make an impression on Secretary Stimson they maj introduce legislation to make Mai shall Chief of the Armies a title still nominally held by Pershing, and which vould make Marshall supreme ovci every other American oflicei
kilsl Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
What are we fighting for m this war The most logical answer seems to be the right of various minorities to live at pe^ce with other people who are the dominant nationality However^ when the American civil leaders tell their constituents that We are out to make the world safe for these persecuted mmorit^ies, they are failing to put their own house in order first This refers to the negro, who could
Without sleep, rest or food for three days and nights. Marine Platoon Sergeant Basilone fought off repeated Jap attacks on his machine gun emplacement in the Solomons and won the Congressional Medal of Honor “Manila John” Basilone of New Jersey, son of an Italian emigrant, stood his ground until, when reinforcements arrived, he had accounted for 38 Japs How many Third War Loan Bonds will you yourself account for, to back such men as Basilone?
University Calendar Tuesday, September 21
7 DO PM 8 00 AM
It has been a long time Foi the fiist time in two and one half \eais a Fin due football team scoied moie than two touchdown,^ m a single eiicountei Congiatulalions to a haid fighting, spiiilcd learn foi then vicloiy ovei the Blueiackels of Gieat Lakes last Saturday It vas a fine lob and well done As IS the case with eveiy lubilaiit occasion something was foi gotten Something happened to mai a wondeiful occasion The Viclon Bell was not lung How it happened we can only guess Those who tried to get it out to paiade the stiects in clangoring exultation weie thwaited b\ lack of loiesight in such details as gjettmg the key to the bell house getting pci mission and othei tiivial necessities Thcicfoic one may ask, where weie the Gimlets, the Rcameis, the Gold Pep pels whose duty it is to see that the bell is lung As little as Pm due students have had the oppoitunity in the past tew yeais to show then enthusiasm and appieciation foi then w inning team it w ould seem that some lespon-■-ible pel son would have had the initiative to see that plans foi a victoiy parade weie earned out
The attitude shown by \auous membeis ol the student body in icgaid to traditional happenings of this SOI t has been lathei deplorable of late One heais the excuse everywheie. Oh, well things aie diffeient now, theie is a wai on Sinelj things aie ditfeient now, there is a wai on, but that is all the moie reason why we should cling even moie stiongly to pep sessions, the Miss Indiana ciemations and the othei oeeui cnees w hieh make Puidue the home of the Boilei makers As the fiist home football game diaws neai, students new to the campus, like freshman, will not lake long to “catch on” and will be lust as stiongly behind Pyidue as six ex Illinois menwcic Satuidaj aiicinoon Let us theietoie icsolve to show the haid chaiging team whieli is shaping to be one of the best 111 the nation, that we too have some spnit Let us lesolve that next week, the bell will 1 ing —w h t
Quezon On The Job It s bid news foi the Japs that Piesident Quezon of the Philippines is back m Washington They knew -—thoURh it was not geneially lealizcd in Washing ton—that Quezon had suffered a ielapse of his old illness tiiheiculosib which has plagued him off and on foi twenty years Quezon was a well man at the time of Peail Haiboi But confinement in the dampness of |Coiiegidor, dm mg the Jap attack brought the illness back again That was one leason MacAithiii uiged him to letuin to the U S in a buhmaime When he came to Wash mgton Quezon was advised to take things easy In stead he lushed into the official activities of Philip pine Commonwealth affaiis not spaiing himself His physicians advised him not to lemaiii in Wash mgton duiipg the siimmei of 1942 noi last wintci But he lemained neveitheless Result was that last spiing he suffeied a fuithei i elapse Specialists weie summoned and Quezon was given the stem advice that he would have to get out of the humid climate of Washington immediately if he want ed to live Yielding to piessuie he went to Saianac N Y and submitted himself to a rigid discipline dm mg most of the past summer Quezon led the life ot an invalid, sitting in the sun shine in a wheel chair listening to the ladio or to his nurses as they lead to him Result of this legime was that the tuberculosis was aricsted and Quezon gained 12 pounds When the Japs heaid of his ielapse, they weie ready to say to the people of the Philippines w here Quezon IS still highly populai Look this is the skeleton you pm yoiir hopes to ” But today, Quezon is back on his feet and back at lus desk still hoping to lealize his one great ambition to see U S and Philippine fortes march into
8 00 A M
Navy or Marines Eliza Fowler Hall Army Examinations Eliza Fowler Hall
Wednesday, September 22
Army Examinations Eliza Fowler Hall
Thursday, September 23
AIEE Meeting Room 129 EE Building Sigma Xi Meeting Auditorium Physics Bldg
Friday, September 24
^eivice Show (Service men only) Hall of Music
Saturday, September 25
8 00 P M Football—Marquette Marquette
8 OOP M 7 30 P M
7 00 PM
an actual vote taken at Company receive WOrse treat-
“A” muster showed 100 per cent of
the mpn who saw the show haidiiy merit by US than the Jews ai'e enjoyed it However, we are afraid receiving by the GrCrmans. your opinion will be taken as the , , opinion of service men by the Con Many occurrences have popped vocation Committee We want to up in recent years, and even dispel this change for hiioi as lecent months, which show that we quickly and as decisively as possi- ^le far from understanding the bio negro and his problems The time
You concede that the program has arrived for us to look at oiu
would be ideal for service men, then own house and see what can be done why not have it heie’ The Aimy here before we attempt to make the and Navy heads decided that the Germans love the Jews and the Hin
armed services at Purdue would do dus love the British nate money to the University in or —X X—
del that they might carry out the General Mar shall told Congress usual convocation programs There- yesterday that it is absolutely imfore, we have no entertainment peiative that we draft pie war fa fund of our own Accordingly, we ^heis This comes as an adjed blow are forced to pay regularly'for Congressional leaders who had these convocation programs Since hoped to gain some support for then we are paying, why isn’t it proper contention that more men are not to have some programs we want needed for an army of already over along with the programs you want’ million men If Congress does
We are polite enough to stay accept General Marshall’s warning
away from and refrain from com that the United States’ war* effort ment on the programs we-don’t like, will be affected if fathers are not why can’t we he given the same con drafted, we can expect a greater sideiation’ We pay as much toward manpower shortage but with cale convocation programs as Umyei ful management the added loss of sity Civilian Students therefore we labor should not cause any disaster have as much right for satisfaction ous labor problem The question is
I have lepiesented as clearly as whether Congress is going to be
NVilling to take the advice oi the
possible the opinions of the men I
have talked to and I ask you to Chief of Staff and give the go ahead
WBAA Schedule
Manila Baldwin Wants To Know
When Jnn LeCion resigned from the Rockefeller office v ith a hi ist at the State Department he received a telephone call from his old iuend Calvin B Baldwin who on the same day had been appointed by the State Department as Economic Boss for Italy Both men were Henry Wallace proteges and long time Ir lends What do jou mean said Baldwin ‘by cnticffimg my State Department' ‘ I hope you can m ikc the wheels go round Bcan^ ’ replied LeCion This proved to be an ill omen of the grief to which Bildwm fell hen He is being raged to go overseas piomptlj but declines to budge until the question of authority is str lightened out Otheiwisc he would find in his ovei seas brse the same contusion which exists m Washington Although Baldwin is supposed to be the chief no loss than sevenaglencies have their fingers in the pic Including the State Department they are Lease Lend OEW Tieasury War Navy and the Lehman Office (I oieign Rchel ind Rehabilitation) Bildwin wants an answer to the simple question of whether he is to direct American economic activities m Italy or mcielj to coordinate the activities, of oth eis II he IS to be meiely a coordinator, he will get into as much contusion m Italy as State Department s Rob Clt Murphy did m North Africa Furthermore U S agencies would be in a weakened condition m dealing with the Biitish who have sense enough to unity then ovei seas operations
5090 watt'—920 kilocycles Tuesday 10 30—News 10 46—Smile Time 11 00—fiisten While You Woik 11 30—Music 11 60—Puidue News 11 55—News 12 00—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band 12 56—News 1 00—Parents’ Forum 1 15—Music 1 30—Adventures in Research 1 45—Markets 1 55—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 15—Music 2 30—Treasure Chest 2 55—News 3 00—Afternoon Melodics 3 15—Waves Recruiting 3 45—Musical Varieties 3 56—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 46—Just Relax 4 45—News 6 00—-Little Miss Muffett 6 30—Vespers 6 45—Sports Review 0 00—A Minute of Prayer G 01—Dinner Hour 6 55—News 7 00—Between the Headlines 7 15—^Pood For Thought 7 30—We Have Met The Enemy 7 46—Report to the People 7 55—-News—Dramatized 8 00—Anaicl Mitchell, piano 8 15—This Is Worth Fighting For 8 30—Fiom The Pi ess Box 8 45—Music 8 55—News 9 00—Musicana 9 30—Anything But Swing 9 45—^Fi om the Pi css Box 9 66—News 10 06—Off the ail ^
Dear Friend Fust lets get things straight Purpose of the afternoon per for mance of the Rudy Vallee program was as you say ‘to increase the sales of war bonds , but since the evening pci for mance required no thing in the way of bonds or stamps for admission it must have been en tirely for entertainment puiposes The afternoon performance was for to vnspcople and the few students who bought bonds You and I are not in this category and therefore we have no right to comment on its effectiveness The evening per for mance was for the enter tainment of the armed services with the stu dents coming as guests As a guest you could have left anytime during the ‘ wasted three hours and passed it off by saying “Oh well beggars can t be choosers Instead you set yourself up as an authority on the likes and dislikes of scivKe men and all others at tending the University This we feel IS unfau All the men I have t liked to enjoyed the show, in fact
on this new drafting plan
—X X—
Reports issued from various sources throughout Europe have said that the Germans are withdraw ing a number of divisions fiom the Russian front and moving them in to the Balkans, Prance and Italy It hardly seems likely that the Nazi high command would withdraw these much needed troops if they
social fraternity announces ^feie exceedingly worried ovei the the election of the following officeis present Russian advance for the ensuing term president — —^ .. —.—
publish this not as a slap at C J W but as an indication of the almost unanimous attitude of men in the armed services stationed at Puidue
A/S John Richard Barnard C A Sec 7, Rm 317 NWCH NTS Puidue University
Delta Tau Delta
Jim Jennings vice piesident Fied Dieyei secietaiy Sheiman Oates tieasuiei Don Fiankenbeiiy house inanagei Ed Gibbs rush chan man Fred Di yei athletic manage! Vic Gustavson The initiation ot the foi lowing nremheis wis also an nounced Sheiman Oates Alan Col lait Vic Gustavson Don Kuizyn ski, Bob Payne Russell Elfvin Don Geigei William Metsl ci and Bob Kinney
Wanted—Student Part time help—call in person.
University Drug Store
7 157 307 457 558 008 158 308 458 559 009 3010 06-
-Music -Ruth Ralston singci -Music -Dramatized News -Scientific News -Ed Memmei piano -Let s Be Neighbors -Eventide Echoes -News -Musican r -Anything But Swing -Oft the air
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Steak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
I VIRGINIA GILMORE DANA ANDREWS unHft vm
— ALSO — LAST CHAPTER ADVENTURES OF SMILIN JACK
BACK THE ATTACK!
10 lO-
Wednesday -News
10 45 11 00
al Home ) 1 on ot( d R( xei le J anee M< D n id 1 at ( amp 1 J ml A ehooi at
1 idu ill uidjoimei eiet ii \ oi the Nation f oipoiati m ol I aia\ett( has leeently been to tlie J ml ol c iptaiii m the U S Aimy ( ijitam Kinj. is stationed it I t Wayne Old tor Supi)i\ Depot it Detioil His hi othei IS i lieutenut in tie amphibian eommand I dw u Is Mass and 1 is joungest brother, s m the tl t) uieialt ofheeis eandidate ( m ]) Davis N f
Harry B. Schornsfein giadu lied leeenth iiom the N i\a) An 1 laining ( enler ( oijius 1 hi isti Icxas and vs is commissioned aiiinsigiin the U S Nival Reserve He is lioimer student oi the Unueisitj
Major B. Feuquay until leeentlj stationed at the Lniveisity is now with th( Aimy Lpeeialized iiainmg Unit at Heideiheig t ollege i iffin Ohio Majoi I eiiquay has bt<i/it the Uiiiversit\ sinee lelnuaij J912 serving as an KOK instiuetoi In his new is igiiment he w ill he the ( oinmamlmg Oifjeei ol tlie Aim\ Speei ilized J laming Program at that station
Merry-Go-Round Argentine Ambassador Espil one of the ablest dip lo'inats Washington has seen sinee Jusserand recently was ofieied the post ol Argentine Ambassador to Lon don But beeause ot difficult relations with the U S he decided to stay on in Washington A great admirer of the USA and an unhappy advocate of Argentine U S eoopei ition he has told his government that his resignation w is available any time they wanted to leeept it Folks down in Mississippi where George Allen hasn t voted lor jeais aie wondering wheie he gets his qualifications to be seeietaiy oi the Demo eiatie National Committee Maybe it’s because he is the neirhew ol Piivate John Allen, who as a Con gressmin once peisuaded a Republican Congiess to vote a fish hatcher j lor lupelo Miss At least one thing eveiyone in the State Department agreed upon was the vigorous note to Argentine rjeiusing lend lease It was drafted hefoie Sumner Welles resigned as Undeiseeietaiy ot State Claik II Minor, Pres ident of International General Lleetiic has gone to London to eonlei with the Pcnelli Company, biggest eleetiie m inulaetuiing firm in Italy regarding the tiansfei ol Peielli subsidiary in Biazil to Intelnatiomil Geneial I leetne the Bia/ilian Government seized tlie Pnelli subsidiaiy but now Peielli wants Inter iiatioiiul (,eneial Ileetiie to take it ovei lor sale keeping Lool s as il tlie inteiiiationai eaitels were " lining things up again
■Smile lime ■ World Polities” — Prof R Phillips •Purdue News •News Paim Forum Meet the Band News Home Makers Club oi the
an
1 15—Music 1 45—Markets
11 50 11 5612 00-
12 3012 55-
1 00-
55—News
00—Story a Day 16—Treasury Star Parade
30—Music
45—Radio Camera Club
65—News
o 00—Lee And Her Piano 3 16—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Musical Varieties
3 55—News
4 00-v-Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 46—Just Relax
4 56—News
6 00—Miss Muffett Class Production 6 46—Spoits Review 0 00—A Minute of Prayer () 01—Dinner IIoui
6 66—News
7 00—Voice ol the Underground
Radio
tmmm
TODAY and TOMORROW
a man doesn t leave Jtbelind Itispaitof luo couinge whatevei he does wherever goes
iaWARNER BRO§
^ ( cr oi Ihe N Y Critics " A vtit-d rt* Yea * Uesl Plaj
.Gfrai ding FnzGrRAi i
lUClIF WATSON BllLAHBONDl TFO COULOUKl A UAL B WALLIS PRODLCT ON
TODAY and TOMORROW
HERE THEY COMEI
illllll
TODAY and TOMORROW
CJiiesteh t
MORRIS • ARLEN
> JIMMY
LYDON D ecled by WILLIAM H PINE
A Paiamoi 11 Picluii<7*
} ‘
Arthy, maMne News
iaii. yi, 'im^
For Service Men^ By Ser^iee Men
Cdl.
IS|F,#tCPfdi|iotions Promotions of four AST oflScers -»)id ono ROTC officer were an^9unced yesterday by Colonel D. M, Beere, Commandant of the 1546th iSobviftte lihit aild the local ROTC. 1st Lt. Samuel Naismith, Battaljdbft Recreation Officer, was projmoted to paptain as were 1st Lt. C.' A. MbI'adden, Commanding Officer i6f Bhttery A and 1st Lt. V. M. ’Wann of the ROTC unit. Promoted ’to let Lieutenant were former 2nd Liehtettants Irving Weiner and H,
U. PertiCk.
Soliers Urged To Call
ft .A ^
For Winter Equipment ^ Soldiers who have indicated shortages in winter clothing may ,now call for such items at the battalion snbply room in Cary Hall, ac^ccording to Lt. Navarra, Bn. supply
officer.
1 ^ “BCoause of early anticipated date for change into ODs it is impei’ative that men call for their equipment without delay. Failure to do so also results in unnecessary, additional detail on clothing record”, Lt. Nayari’a added. V-12 IM Schedules Navy Softball September 21, 1943 ^Diamond— 1— B 1 vs. M 7 •*., 2— B 6 vs. B 2 j, 3— B 7 vs. B 3 4— B 8 Vs. B 4 5— C 2 vs. C 1 6— C 6 vs. C 6 7— C 8 vs. D 1 8— D 3 vs. D 2
AST tatter I AST Will SpOIISOt
By T/6 l^orfis Better |
By T/6 l^orfis Better DBPTH CHARGE:
It was my original intention to use this column for a vituperative postmortem on the “c.j.w.” affair. It was to be a studied harangue on the abuses of the power of the press. Since the “other side” of the controversy finally did manage to get into print, it would be bad judgment to fan the smoldering eigbers now. One small sidelight is worth relating, however. A few days after c.j.w. dropped her journalistic depth charge, a sailor who had written one of the “name calling” letters to the editor, came into ' the Exponent office and demanded that it be returned to him. “If you’re not going to print it,” he told the harrassed and prematurely gray^ editor,
“I want to hand it in as a theme for my English class.”
SILENCE IS TREASON:
Over a year ago I snipped a small item out of a newspaper which quoted General Ben Lear to the effect that the soldier’s uniform should in no way be an insulation against mental activity that isn’t directly military. This item impressed me because it served to knock into a cocked hat, so to speak, a pievalent feeling that in the Army one keeps his ideas suppressed and his mouth shut—especially about things political in nature. This week, there appeared in the newspapers a story that can well be consideied as an important enlaigement of the idea expressed by Lear, According to the release, the War Department is about to inaugurate in camps, here and abroad, discussion meetings and.,forums to let men say what they are thinking about on controversial issues. Organized discussion and debate is to be prompted, for the first time in American history, as an essential part of the life in the Armed Forces. This is a robustly healthy sign and neither its importance nor its significance should be minimized. , For quite some time there seems to have been a growing realization that this commodity we call morale was being considerably helped when soldiers were permitted to air their opinions and disagreements and that the militarized adage that “soldiers should be seen and not heard” was slowly becoming passe. In short, distinctions between military and civilian freedom of expression, while they do exist, have been becoming less and less apparent. If there still prevails any feeling, that when one talks in the Army, he is doing so “at his own risk”. The War Department pronouncement should serve to knock from under whatever remains of the props
supporting such a feeling.
The idea of forums, however, is not a new one. We are the last of the major Allied Armies to put this policy into practice. The program, as it is about to be instituted, is patterned after the British system wherein forums and debates have been conducted on a large scale with singular success. Indications are that a wide degree of latitude is to be permitted with the meetings being soldier-conducted and soldier-controlled. There is to bp no attempt to impose any particular point of view on the participants and anybody with an opinion, theoretically, will have an equal op-
portunity to express it.
One of the many virtues of such a program, the chief merit lies in the ^pet that it will provide an approved outlet for opinions and ideas which are dangerous only when they are permitted to remain suppressed. It can only serve to stimulate a clearer understanding and appreciation of the issues—social, economic, cultural, political—that in turn promotes the most stable form of morale known—the morale that comes from the knowledge of what we’re fighting agaipst and what we’re fighting for. The underlying philosophy was probably best expressed by a German political refugee in the preface to one of his books. He Wrote: “Beneath the yoke of barbarism, one must not keep silent; one must fight. Whoever is silent at such a time is a traitor to humanity.”
ODDS ’N’ ENDS:
Mole than 100 men have been using week ends as well as spare moments during the week to whip the local all-soldier show, “Khaki on the Kampus”, into shape. This Satd’y they’ll be ready to present the finished product foi your enjoyment and appioval. Will you be there?. . . . Congrats are in order for Capts. Samuel Naismith and C. A. McFadden as well as Lts. I. Weinei and H. U. Feitick. The former are now displaying their new “lailioad tracks” while the latter have exchanged their gold
bars for silver ones.
" "flf® s',
features Music Of Two Orchestras; Hal Codperman, Maury Mahn To Play Plans for an AST-sponsored dance next Saturday evening, immediately following presentation of the all-soldier show, “Khaki on the Kampus," were announced yesterday by the bat-
talion recreation committee.
The affair, presented in co-operation with the Union in the North ballroom, will be open to all AST trainees, and also to all .riiini inr.i..■ i n.. - * couplcs on the campus eligible distinctions of race, color, boundary to attend the regular Saturday or religion. Against this ideal there evening couple dances there.
Trainees may attend regard-
less of Union affiliation or whether they are alone or members
is pitted the Nazi-Jap determina tion to enslave the rest of the world and subject it to the will of a se-
lected class.
The philosophies of both sides are couples, reflected in national and interna- Hal Cooperman To Play
tional policy. Domestically, each one of the UNITED NATIONS seeks to
“In tennis, soldier, you watch the ball, not your opponent.”
Enter Now— ^xpommL $sihDij:jL Wc/zJl
ARMY—‘Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms I NAVY, MARINES—Leave Photos in Room 137 W. Cary Hall ALL SERVICEMEN—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
The Forum By Pfc. Gabriel Elias The Forum is the Service man’s column of current opinion. Democracy demands an informed electorate eager to discuss and settle differences over the conference table. Nationalism, The Nazi Way SALERNO is bleeding. Our American boys are meeting the most merciless fire yet encountered by an American army. Lives, human beings, our friends are settling the issue. Sixty-five miles south our gallant allies, British soldiers, are rushing to save the day. Hundreds of miles to the east the valiant Russians are wiping out thousands of enemy troops who might otherwise have been thrown against us at Salerno. And in the far reaches of the East the humble Chinese are holding the Japanese for the day when the allies will be able to concentrate world power to eliminate the Jap rulers as the last enemy of world order. Where are no boundaries, there are no color, race or national distinctions in this battle. The entire world, all its peoples, are engaged ill a struggle that will decide its fate. If the fruits of victory are not to be wasted, all people all over the world must win the peace. Unless we wish to sacrifice lives in vain we must recognize that wars aie a means to an end, and an end in themselves. We must even recall that the present battles are only symbolical of the great conflict be-
tween the Nazi doctrines of world domination and the UNITED NATIONS way of world cooperation. Unless we share the love of the perverted Nazi beast for war as a glorious sport, we must realize that this war will not be won until we have provided a mechanism for world cooperation that will eliminate future wars. We must not win the battle of the means and lose the battle of the ends. THE UNITED NATIONS WAY OF LIFE (by lie) England, the mother of political democracy; the United States, the best practical example of political democracy the world has ever known; Russia, the symbol of economic democracy maligned by the insincere and by those fearful of radical experiments; and China, the youngest recruit under the banner of equality and peace—these are the UNITED NATIONS. No mere accident banded these nations together in the present struggle for the UNITED NATIONS WAY OF LIFE. It was the common aspiration for equality and freedom ihat has brought each in conflieU^Hn the narrow self-seeking NATWNALISM of the Nazi-Jap foe. Let us not be confused by dwelling on methods again and forgetting the end. True, that each member of the UNITED NATIONS differs, in the techniques adopted to accomplish its ends; but in the end result—they all agree; and all are unalterably opposed to the ends sought by the Nazi enemy. The common aim of the UNITED NATIONS is to achieve a cooperative commonwealth that will insure equality and liberty for all people all over the world without regaid to
Hal Cooperman’s AST orchestra, which will make its debut earlier in
serve the welfare of the common the evening as an integral part of man, to remove privilege and in- “Khaki on the Kampus,” will switch crease equality of power and pos- over to dance tunes at the ballroom sessions amongst its citizens. Inter- as soon as the show is concluded, nationally the United Nations seek Holding forth earlier in the eveto insure peace to the world by pro- ning and alternating with the Army viding the mechanics whereby is- musicians later will be Maury Hahn sues between nations might he set- and his orchestra, tied without destroying the lives of Plans for redecoration of the the world’s common men. The Nazi- ballroom to fit the occasion are beJaps on the other hand, are the' ones ing considered by a committee who preach NATIONALISM. They headed by Robert Repass. Also unare the ones who think in terms der consideration is a plan for setonly of Germany alone. And, within tjp£ up a campus date bureau for their borders they have butchered soldiers for the evening, minorities, eliminated freedom, and The Union management has indiperpetuated special privileges of cated that the Sweet Shop will power and possessions. Thus have probably be kept open next Saturthey wedded NATIONALISM or day until the conclusion of the ISOLATIONISM on the world dance. front to class privilege on the home Meanwhile, “Khaki on the Kamfront. pus,” the all soldier show that is to 'foday there is no sUch thing as a the piece de resistance of the way of life specific to any single evening is rapidly being whipped geographical area. The American into shape, way of life has pervaded the world Rehearsal Tonight and has become the UNITED NA- A second joint rehearsal is TiONS WAY OF LIFE. The old scheduled for tonight at the Music tyrannical way of life which ivas Hall, and it is anticipated that for first defeated on American soil by K the show will approximate the the American revolutionists rose tempo required to put it over on again as a world force in the per- Saturday. A final dress rehearsal verted philosophies of the Nazi- will be held Thursday evening. Japs. With victory for the UNITED The first joint rehearsal was NATIONS on the battlefield there held under the aegis 6f T. Sgt. must come victory for the UNITED Jerry Koetting, general director, NATIONS WAY OF LIFE both on and Sgt. James Keenan, his assistthe international peace table and ant, Thursday night.
within our borders. Salerno must not fought in vain.
have been
Post
Exchange
Skits Revamped
Several skits and numbers have been either dropped or completely revamped to help speed up and point up the production, and with continued section rehearsals by various units since then, the show is practically set for its presentation.
Southworth’s
disuf ^sJloJLUA.! Here Is a Real Serviceman’s Center
Its Got Everything
★ Athletic Supplies ★ Stationary ★ Ice Cream and Pop
STADIUM STORE ISorthwestern at Stadium Soiithivorth’s • \
Prom Other ASTP units: A semester is enddng at various ASTP campuses tHfc»ughout the coimtry and tidings sad and glad drift back. Many college papers offer up such tidbits as train schedules out of town to the boys taking off; the Oklahoma Daily somberly chimes in with a note that 48 men have just been sent back to replacement centers—washouts. Better hit those books, men. —P-E— Cornell gets more and more khaki every day. Latest batch is a flock of new ASTs—plus a group of West Point candidates picked by presidential appointment and there for schooling preliminary to the entrance tests. —P-E— Lehigh’s Brown and White is a little worried over its ASTP collegians. It seems the USO and a church iirganization in Bethlehem, the college town, are getting good looking gills out jn droves every Saturday night—and only a handful of soldiers show up. Could it be the wild and wooly pleasures of wicked
Philadelphia, a few miles away, that draws the boys ? —P-E— There will be no comment, here, on the following: The staff dietician at Auburn has invited 400 coeds to sample a meal in the school’s ASTP mess. The lucky girls have been chosen by lot from among 1900 registered. —P-E— DePauw’s V-12s and V-5s have caused a migration to the school’^s frat houses, but this time the frat brothers have had to make room for —the girls on the campus. When V-12 took over the two largest women’s residential halls, there was nothing else for them to do. —P-E— Michigan State’s ASTs are getting out their own newspaper now. —P-E— Another school worried about what some of the boys are doing with their odd hours is Illinois, nhich finds that a lot of the Navy men and ASTs on the campus didn’t even know about the USO at Cham-paign-Urbana.
Strictly Regulation! ' NAVAL OFFICERS SHIRTS The new grev color, sanforized and mercer- 40 i/ed. Fast color, guaranteed to wash. Military '' collar with perfect points, 7 button front. »
OFFICERS AND ENLISTED MEN'S SHIRTS $2.98 and $3.29 htrictly regulation thratighoul, 7 button front, 2 button cuff, form fit* ting body. MANY USEFUL SERVICE MEN’S NEEDS AT OUR SERVICE BAR!fUge 4
Boilermaker Sporty ■ Tuesday, September ^1, 1943
‘~,V
Burnham Drills Riveters
For Marquette Game
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Meet
The Team
'ISN’T THERE ANY SPIRIT LEFT AROUND HERE?
It was a little disappointing to arrive in town Sunday afternooh and
not find anybody around to greet the football team as they returned from ®y Warren Wright
’j j u ii, • ■4. ri 4- T 1 their 23-13 victory over the Bluejockets. If ever a team deserved a victory Marine Joe Buscemi, a V-12 Elation provided by the opening victory over Great Lakes pj^j.ade, this Boilermaker contingent that walloped a highly touted Great transfer from the University of IIwas tempered by the realization that Maiquette is apt to pro- Lakes eleven certainly deserved one. Maybe somebody will work up a luiois, has proved himself to be a vide even more formidable opposition as the Boilermaker foot- session to ineet the squad as they return from the Marquette game next very valuable asset to the Boilerball squad started preparation yesterday afternoon" for the Sunday afternoon. maker line. In the fall of 1941, Joe
Wolverines, Riveters Lead Big Nine Field
night game with the Hilltoppers at Milwaukee on Saturday. Coach Elmer Burnham, although well pleased with the effective performance of the
decided to go to the University of Wisconsin; but at th^ last minute.
Last Saturday’s gridiron games did nothing to change the pre-season pattfeifn for the Western Conference. Michigan and the Boilermakers, by their respective ^victories over Camp ■ Grant and Great Lakes, demonstrated their power and versatility. Northwestern, another favorite, its ranks swelled by — V-12 students ,open8 against
squad as a whole in coding Papengutli Aunounces from behind to defeat the Blue-
jackets^ pointed out that there [ajjQyf Poj* SwIlUmerS
were numerous typical open-
ing game errors that will have Coach Papenguth announced that to be avoided against Marquette, his hopes for a good season are not which was decidedly impressive in very promising. He needs many humbling Wisconsin. swimmers and divers for the forth- „ X j rr u coming season. Papenguth believes Hilltoppers Reported Tough xu x i.? • x x ^ ji 7 . that there is a great amount of idle Assistant Coach Sam Voinoff, ^Tjaterial on the campus. To remedy who scouted the Hilltoppers in their situation he has issued an allvictory over the Badgers, reported campus swimmers call. All men who
are interested are urged to report
that Marquette, in addition to pos-
sessing an all-veteran backfield, to the poof at 4 -30 anrafternoon.
built around hard-driving John Rudan, has a rugged forward wall that IS more than capable of holding its own against a Boilermaker line that stymied the Bluejacket running at-
tack.
Notices
WHAT A GAME!
Every player that participated in the Great Lakes game deserves the Coach Harry Stuhldreher said he highest praise for the excellent manner in which he played. The loudest was too small for Big Ten football, applause goes to those members who sat the game out on the bench. After staying out of school a year for the tremendous support that they gave their playing buddies, who and working for a cement contractwere surrounded by a very partial crowd. ' —. When it comes to picking out the individual star^of the game, it is . really difficult. Possibly Tony Butkovich was the most outstanding performer with his terrific diives and plunges. He usually went through the gaping holes in the Bluejacket’s line so fast that the linemen never saw him, and it usually took the entire Great Lakes secondary to bring him down. Our only exclamation about Tony is—“Whew!” Our linesmen played supei’bly. The usual case was for the entire line to be in on a tackle. Genis, Agase, Kasap, Barwegen and DeFilippo were in every pile up, and the two ends, Buscemi and Bauman, playing in their first varsity game, were seldom fooled by the Great Lakes blockers and plays. Rose, Vacant!, Darr and all the other fellows who saw action, de-
serve their share of praise.
Dubicki seemed to have trouble getting lost, but he really showed his speed on his touchdown run and on his 33-yard punt return. Stuart played an excellent game all around, particularly on his 23-yard touchdown drive. After twisting and squirming through the whole Great Lakes team, he staggered across the goal line with Haag pushing him and Poremba
gulling over into pay territory.
The outstanding weakness of the Boilermaker eleven was their passing
... , Tau Beta Pi: Keys for new members are'
With no serious injuries apparent here. Get them at 506 Russell any week day ^ i .i • i mi ^ ^ i- • i /.
as a result of the Great Lakes game, ^fter 7 p. m, or when ever you can con- oiiense and their pass defense. The inuch-pubhcized forward passing atBurnham indicated that he was —WORMSEr couldn’t seem to “click”, and the defensive play was noticeably weak. planning on using the same two Too many times Great Lakes men were out in the open, the pass failing
combinations against Marquette to fire m this group should sign up because it was dropped or poorly thrown.
for this instruction in supply room of the
that took turns in producing touch- Armory. —DOWN downs against the Bluejackets. In Sciencr^ani.ation: Regular addition to the all-around perfor- meeting Tuesday, September 21, at 7-30 m m T» j_ • 1 T» 1 room 307 of the Union There will be a mance of Tony Butovich, Buinham ^hoit business meeting for all members aftwas particularly pleased with the regular meeting —watt showing of his unheralded backs. All students: Did you order a 11)43 Debris? Stanley Dubicki, 160-pounder who ” vou did pick it up at the Debns office.
^ Last chance—take it or leave it.
took high point honors, and Bill Stuart, member of the Boilermaker “Bee” squad last fall, whose 24 yard touchdown dash was one of the
highlights of the afternoon.
—BUSINESS MANAGER
Camera Club: All persons having lockers in the Union darkiooms will please sign the sheet at West Desk of the Union if you expect to keep them Unassigned lockers will be broken into Sept 25. —JORDAN
SPUTTERINGS
Cec Isbell, after Saturday’s game, is in the market for a No. 18 coupon. During the entire contest he paced the field from one end of the Riveter’s bench to the other. Occasionally he was heard to remark: “This is worse than playing”. . . . Otto Hurrle, center on last season’s squad, was down on the players’ bench duiing the game. ... So was Bob Morris, ex-basket-ball player. . . . Who said something about being “house-broken?”. .- . . Bobby Riggs, former national tennis star, was up in the NBC booth during the half. He explained that he is now receiving his boot training at the Lakes. He has had to forsake tennis for the time being, but expects to resume play very early. . . . Tragedy in the form of death, has finally broken up the famous combination of Melton and Miller. Our deepest
an Indiana team this coming
Saturday night.
While Minnesota and Ohio State also are not scheduled to open until this week end, the Big Nine may be divided for the time being into three groups. Michigan, the Riveters and pTesumably
Claude Reeck, coacii of the Northwestern arc in the first diviswrestling team, 'announced that ion. Minnesota and Ohio State, until there are many openings on the they prove otherwise are in the secsquad, at present. The coach em- ond rank, while twice defeated Illiphasized the importance of wrestl- nois, Wisconsin, and Iowa are in the
ing as a developer and conditioner third group.
Coach Reeck States That Vacancies Exist On Wrestling Squad
of young men.
Since Reeck is also assistant-foot-ball coach, the seasofl will not get under way until the pigskin schedule is completed. However, the boys
Iowa Next At Great Lakes
Iowa, with no military aid, gets its initial test against Great Lakes but if past lessons learned by watching Illinois and Wisconsin
have started to practice the funda- anything, the squads of young mental holds andUocks of the sport, inexperienced players cannot hope
No Experience Needed
to match the experienced and mor® proficient play of other teams.
Anyone interested in joining the substitute for experiwrestling squad should report to gj^^e and it will take some time for the Fieldhouse or see Coach Reeck ^j^jg gg^ jt. Wisconsin also at any time. Experience is not nec- ^^.g ^j^is class, and while the essary. There are eight divisions on |.g.^^g blocking and tacking will unthe squad running from 121 pounds doubtedly improve, it cannot imto the heavy weight class, which is pj.g^g sufficiently to match the Badanything above 176 pounds. gers on even terms with NorthwesThe only letterman returning to tern, the Boilermakers, and Michi-
the team is Dan Nettesheim, 136 gan.
pound conference lunner-up last Maiquette, the Riveters next foe, year, but there are several good promises to be a tough team. Beatnewcomers who, the coach believes, ing Wisconsin last Saturday by a will develop when the season gets score of 33-7, Marquette displayed
JOE BUSCEMI
underw ly.
Personnel Notes
and AE’s: It IS time xi, " x "t-’ "u i. i! - - --- - -i''-'- g^ jge entered the University of begin having employment inter- sympathy to Jini Miller, but he can be assured that the spirit of his Tiijytnm iri the fall of 1942 He beLirc the tojjpwing mateual ffrom closest friend. Toilimv Meltoil. will always be symbolic of mnnhonri QC if 1 ■ J J.U i/ ^ * 4-
gan his lootball career as a center,
Seventh Term ME
for vou to
M^srHacker^nthe METfffceTi!''iSlrvk^ closest friend. Tommy Melton, will always be symbolic of manhood as it
Companies scheduled to visit the notices,
campus:
Naugatuck Chemical, Division of U. S. Rubbei Co., Naugatuck, Conn. —September 20 and 21. Interested in Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Shell Development Company, Emeryville, California — Wednes-
procedure sheet 2 Company list, 3. “Request for Interview” caids , 4. “Confidential Faculty Recommendation” foim. "Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview
BOLZ
is thought of on the University campus.
Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting will be held Wednesday, Sept. 22, at 7.30 p. m in room 307 of the Union. All members are urged to attend —RUFF
Dolphin Pledges: Formal pledging will be held in room 104 of the Fieldhouse on Tuesday, September 21, at 4 p m All pledges please be theic. —MURPHY
Ag Lab Will Control Al Sfewarf To Lead Song
Seed Importation
j , x_ 1 on T, X X j Chem 1 and Chem 1 Intrascssion Studay, September 22. Inteiested in Those emolled may obtain houl test
Chmeists, Ch.E., M.E., C.E., E.E.,
Physicists.
Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.—Tuesday, September 21. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., E.E., PS.E., Phvsicists. National Union Radio Corporation, Newark, N. J.—September 29 Interested in E.E., Physicists. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Mass.—September 27. Interested in M.E., E.E. Physicists. General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y.—Date to be announced. Interested in M.E., E.E.
IV by calling at general chemistry office, Chem Annex, room 127, before Sept 30
—BOYK
Dolphin Club: There will bo a meeting on Tuesday, Sept 21, at 4 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse. Formal pledging
—MURPHY
Acromoficlcrs: Important meeting Wedntbday, Sept 23, 7:30 p m in room 80 of the Union. Contest plans. All invited
—CRIST
The Federal-state seed laboratory at the University, now serving seven states of the Gieat Lakes region, will be expanded on October 1 to include the administration of a control program on foreign seed importations at customs ports in Texas, Nebra-ika, Coloiado, Missouri,
and New Mexico.
As Master Of Ceremonies
but because of the large number of centers already on the team, he volunteeied to play the end position, and has been playing at end
ever since.
Joe hails from Rockford, Illinois where he letteied in football for four yeais and basketball for three years. He was captain of the football team and made “All State” centei in his senioi yeai. At Illinois he
a powerful biand of ball, with emphasis on running plays. John Rudan was the leading figui’e, with a run of 86 yards credited to him. The Marquette game agkinst the Boilermakers this Saturday night in Mil-
. waukee, will prove to be a test for Student Sepate is issuing a spe- involved,
cial invitation 'to service men to
Student Senate To flold Callouts Soon
Al Stewart, the University’s mas
tei of ceremonies, left this morning played with Julis Rykovitch, regufor Conneisvilie where he will con- halfback ,at Notie Dame, now duct the Free Army War Loan Show a Maiine; and Frank Bauman, m Roberts Park this evening. staiter at the other end position for
Two hundred soldiers and fifty the Boilermakers,
vehicles will take part in the show jog jg very much satisfied with
nf wm-k- n.clo-no,! entitled “Invasioii Minu- heing a Marine and thinks that betothe loc aSt of also includes ing swoin into the Marines was the to the local laboiatoiy IS a lesult of a one-half hour song fest which will best thine' that ever hannened to the closing of a similar laboratory Ho ontave n'lvfn. fLibaU at Columbia, Missomi. Miss Claia pl^ying iootball Fuhr, assistant botanist for the De- ^he afternoon befoie the show and states that the school has more
Ad Staff; impoiiant meeting Tuesday at partmeiit of Aeiicultui'e who has ^l-ewart Will act as master of ceie- than surpassed his expectations, ■7 .10 .1 rr. All .r.nnoofori b > moniss foi' 8 coiivocation at thc especially the Hall of Music. His
souri office, will be transferred here. Connersville High School. Accom- ambition is to play on the football
panying him on the trip are Dave team that defeats Wisconsin Octo-
Phi Gamma Delta: Those in army, navy, mcrincb pledse call 6028 any time this week.
—CAMERON
come out for that activity, not only as a means of finding out how the campus is run, of getting to know its traditions and organizations, but also as a way of paiticipating in running it. ' The Senate is holding a callout Wednesday, September 22, and service men are urged to come either then or before to take part in any of its many projects for the betteiment of campus conditions. There aie many different phases of work, so that each man can find the kind of activity in which he is inteiested. The Senate office, which is located on the second floor of the Union, will be open every week day aftcinoon f 1 om 4 to 6:30.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock, noon, September 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which thc subject is given. The cards shouli^then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. —DEAN OF MEN.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
. 30 p m All thobO connected with or
planning to be connected with the staff be seived as chief analyist at the Mis
there. —GAUNT
it. Robert W. Ge/s
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting will be held m room 263 of the Union Wednesday September 22,
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Com- at 7 To p m. It is impoitant that all actives
be there . —HANSEN
Schulte To Continue Work
Simpson, student pianist, and Tom ber 30.
pany, Akron, Ohio—Inteiested in M.E., C.E., PSE, Ch.E., AeroE. Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas—Interested in A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E.
Professor Regina B. Schulte, also Johnston, director of
Aeromodelers: Model airplone contest will be held Sunday, Sept 26, instead of incor-
an assistant USD A botanist, will publicity,
continue as chief analyst for the
rcct date a:, leported in last issue of Expo- University laboratory. E. R.-Clark,
nent. —EDITORS
associate seed technologist, will con-
To All Army, Navy and Marine Members j?.-...] . i of Sigma Alpha Epsilon: Smoker next Sun- Hnue RS offiC61 in chaige of fecleial
A. S. Hall
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., New Martinsville, W. Va.—Interested in M.E., Ch.E. Sign by September 25. Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas, Tex.—Interested in E.E., PhysicistsSign by September 25. Allied Control Company, Inc., New York, N. Y.—-Inteiested in Physicists (M.S., or advanced training). Sign in Peibonnel Office by Wednesday, September 29.
Sept 26, dt 4 p m at SAE house
—JONES
Senior Chem and Mets: Important meeting: of all seventh and eighth semebter wenlors to discuss plans for senior parade Meet in room 111 of Chem and Met building at 4 pm. Thuisdaj, Sept 23
-BREMER
Senior Cord Parade Committee: There will be a meeting of this committee tcomposed of those chosen to organize their respective schools Fridav afternoon at 4 in the Student Senate office. —GLOVER
University Joe’s biggest thrill while playing
football came Saturday when he was a staiter on the Boilermaker squad that opposed Gieat Lakes. He played in almost the entire
... of the Schol of Mechanical and turning in a stellar perforAeionautical Engineering, is the both defensively and offen-
author of a series of Kinematics
The University laboratoiy, with Problems published by the Burgess a staff of six to twelve analysts. Publishing Company in July, 1943. tests federal lend-lease seeds and The problems wei-e developed for federal and state official seed sam- the use of both the ASTP and the pies. It also maintains a free test- NCTP m addition to regular civilian
classes.
... ’32 graduate of electrical engineering, former employee of the Link Belt Company in Indianapolip and a leserve officer, who was rc^poited as “missing in action” since the fall of Bataan, is a prisonei of the Japanese at Zentsuji War Piison Camp.
testing and seed act administration
xin the midwest.
Try An Exponent Classified!
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN DANCE CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Sept. 22 Advanced Thurs., Sept. 23 ' 7:00 p. m. Adult Tap Classes 6:15 p. m. CHILDREN'S CLASSES SATURDAY
ALLEN’S 6lh and Ferry
ing service for Indiana farmers.
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
AWS Executive Board: Picnic Wednobday instead of Tuesday You will be notified of time and j^Iace -VEIT
Glider Clul); Business meeting Tuesday, Seiil 21 at 7 dO in the We?)t Faculty Loungt. All iKu pledges please attend to sign up foi woik and sessions Anyone tintcicL inteiested invited
SCHROEDER
Ryder Receives Degree From Cfiicago Universiiy
• Southworth’s
Classified
Ads
Gimlet dull: Theic will ho
7 iO |) m Widnesihu Sept 2i at the SiKma Pi li.itirnily house —LIPES
All Senior Women Mass mcetmK to <letermine imiloim iliiss foi Senioi Cord Parade 'Ihiiisday, Sipt 23, at 4 in thc West Faculty LouiiKc ol the Union 'IHOMPSON
Professor R. R. Ryder of the division of education and applied
meetinu at psychology was awarded the degree
of Doctor of Philosophy by the University of Chicago on Piiclay, Sept. 10. President Hutchins of Chicago University conferred the degiee. Dr. Ryder’s disseitation, submitted to
Skull and Crescent. Impoitant meeting „ ,, „ . „ of the Union on Wodnisdav, the taculty ot the division of social
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes iold, rented repaired and purchased. Miraeovraph work done C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Sppt 22. at 7 -{0 )i m Plans ol thc Cotil lion will 1)0 (Ji'C iissttl Alsu pledging of ne numbcis vmIJ bt staittd KLEIN
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, jruns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia
Al! Etectrieal Engineering Students: C N Ho> b 1 will sj)eak on Railio-Fuquent y Heating «il an AIEE rn<c*ting Thuisdnv Sei>t 2^ at 7 ^0 All students aie invited to attend osixciallv junior and sophomoie EE’*' Red 1 e''hment‘> will be seivtd SMITH
sciences, is entitled “Effect of Student Teaching on Secondary'School Pupils in Achievement and Attitude”.
Typewriter servite. C. L. Gunkle. Phone C94j,
Prof. R. B. Wiley
Wanted—Purdue studentb to woik ’Ihurb day and Saturday eveningb ab waiters
ptrience not necebbars hourb. Elks Club, Apply
T' noon bept 23 at
igb ab waiUrs Ex- pi, ,
Exponent Workers Tht h w'lll Ik an impoitant m<(ting of all fieshmen and sophomorts on th( <ditonil stall 'Ihuisdav aflonoon Sept 23 at 1 in the Exponent oftic/
this meeting is of ex-
CITY EDITORS
Wanted—Young woman or young man who lb a btudent or exempt fiom htivice, with Home luwbpaper (xpeiienee, for woik on local newbpaper. Call 7700.
Mr A W. Johnson: iMeast tome down to Exponent of1i(( and claim his Alpha Phi
Orn( ga kf \ hi left h(
.S( A Mu 111 g 'i u(.sda>
l^ost—Preb( ription ground sunglasses in WRH radio room Contact Moree Worley ol Wood Hall office
Impoi tant
Si]>t 21. at 7 30 BURKHER
. . . head of the Purdue school of Civil Engineering, spoke before 160 members of the Fort Wayne Engineering Society Thursday night on “Humanizing Engineering.” He explained the inter-responsibility between engineeis of today and .society in general.
Reward for rttuin of blue Parker ptncil Name Barbiiia Rubcr on baiiel Call 3951
Una in In r
i (lub: 'Ihtu will bo a m<oting S( pi 21. at 4 15 in room 212 of ri 1 ocktih will b< assigned to new P( i oils with 4 (lasses may come JORDAN
Lenore Kent
L«»t—Black and giay Paikcr pen. Leave at Exponent oltiec for leward
w ibh-
i-ont—A lifetime Stbeaffer pen, gold top Name' Maiy Patterson engrav(>d on blown body H found <all '>041 ReVyard
and Police; ( iVilian student'ik at football games as ushers oi )l\ at loom 101, Heavilon Hall an\ moining lx fore S(pt 25
SANUEKS
Buy
War Bonds And Stamps
A couple ol dogfaces in A compan> of (he AS'I’ unit at Michigan iiaie fumed up imui bagpipen—and no« Ihe boys insisf on marching to classes—with .skirts, of course.
. . . Lenore Kent, Director of the “Save The Surface” campaign of the National Paint, Varni.sh and Lacquer As.sociatipn, recently visited the Univei sity to aid Mary L. Matthews, head of the Home Economics School, with the new housing cour.'C for women,
Hurry!
Don’t neglect mail to your man in the service
Xmas mail must bfe posted from Sept. 15 to Oct. 15
Be on time
See Our Special Service Men's Gifts
Stationary Wrappings
Pens
CIFT SHOP (Downstairs)
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
322 MAIN STREET.
Sontimorth’s •
LAFAYETTE
'Wi
f)